The| I II* -W-WMlfc-,
'"rr;: lintf lUn^ltlllV Ihh 5J lltn It rtiHY -^sszur-.
WllflWIfU ^jlHBi H4Willi llWU
M bIx months, 4 00 W
threo months, 44 8 00 XKUMS OK Tint ivvwi
Dcllvcrod by Curriers, per week 15 WMtKMt
_ Single Copy, for one yoar, In advance. t l w
six months l ix>
TERMS OP BKMI-WKBKLY: TTrvT -X7--XT- Olnbsot Ten in?.
EJ^5J&:::::-::::::::::::SS v 0L- WHEELING. W, VA. MONDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 9. 1871 NO ao 88
Thro* monUu. In Advance I 001 1U|1 iNU. 4U. ..a .P.? 1**
______________ extra copy to tin* pt-r?on getting up Club.
Postmasters are requested to act as Agents.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PBESS REPOBT.
Exclusively to the lutolllgencer.
(By the Weatcrn Uuioa Line.
Ufllcu North-went cor. of Main and Monroe aU.)
Terrible Fire in Chicago.
MILES OF THE CITY IN ASHES.
The Firo Beyond Control
Millions of Property Destroyed
IMNIC AMONG TIIE PEOPLE
Great Many Lives Lost
THE FIllK STILL ItAUINU.
C'iiicauo, October 7.
12 !t0 r. M.?The most terrible conflagration
Hint ever occurred In thin city,broke
out one liuur mill a. bull ngo. It liasul- 1
ready swept nix entire blocks anil is still
raging Willi unabated liiry. Tbo lire
started in u large plalnnlng mill between
Clinton ami Canal anil vnnbiircn and
Jackavn Directs. Centre bluck lormeil these
streets. The wind was blowing very
fresh anil the flames spreail with inereilible
rapidity. In a few minutes the entire
Mlriicturu was ik nmss 01 lire, 'i 110 imimedinte
vicnity wus built up of 1
small wooden tenement houses anil two
story frame buildings, groceries, saloons 1
&c. The inmates of iniiuy of these houses' 1
wns startled front their slumber innl hare-
ly Imil time to rush front the houses
scantily nttircil in night clothes, leaving
household gooils to destruction. Several 1
children were hastily wrapped in blan- 1
lu'lsmid quills to break thcioree ol the fall
and thrown I'roiu the sccund story to the
ground. When the alarm sounded for this
lire another ofconslderalllu magnitude was 1
burning on Wells street, near Adams. 1
Several engines were necessarily at work
upon this. The rest of the engines of the 1
city were soon on the ground, but before
they arrived, the lire lmd sprond over a
large turn, mid was rupldly spreading,
mid all i fiorts seemed of no nvall. lieI
ween 'anal Blrcet and the river, tlio lumberyards
were destroyed. At this hour
the lire liatl madu a clean sweep of Van
lluren street, north two blocks to Adams,
anil west toJCiinton. Three blocks from
the river wharves between Van llnren and
Jackson, arc burning. The woodwork of
the western approach to the Adams street
bridge, was destroyed, also the coal yard 8
mill thousands of tons of coal, ion! be-
tween the truck# of tl?<f Chicago Alton I
ami 1'. Ft|W. It. K. tracks, anil the river, f
are on lire ami burning furionsly. The
immense grain elevator o( Vincent, Nclwin
A (Jo., one ot the finest in the city ami
immediately adjoining, though intended
to 1)0 lire-proof, there seems to lie little
doubt but that it will be destroyed. The
intense heat will crack the slate which
covers the roof, and the Hides, which contains
thousand* of bushels of grain. The
depot ot the Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayne tfc Chicago
and the Alton os St. Lould KailroadS,
situated on North Adams street, between
('anal street and the river, one building
being wooden ami occupied a.-) an Kxpreas
olllco, wore in flames at midnight and are 1
undoubtedly destroyed. The scenes in the
vicinity of the conflagration are indescribable.
Half of the population of the city
have gathered. Tug* In the rlfer arc engaged
in towing to places of safety the
he vessels moored in the neighborhood.
Locomotives are pulling out a great number
of car* Btamlimr on the track in the
p ith of the llames. Al tills writing it la J
impossible to cstlmnto the lews alrtmdy
very largo. Tho lire was scarecTy I'TicCk- j
wi when the reporter left. No lives Are
known lo ho lost, and it will lin ml-
raculoua if sucli should prove to be the 1
case.
IiATBIt.
1:80 a. m.?Tho flro is raging ns fiercely
an ever. The block of buildings on the
north Bide of Van Huron street, which was
thought an hour ago coulil ho saved, are
now in llames. The elevator Is sale so
far, and tho lire is spreading south ntid
west,notw11hf>titm 1 iiik tho wind is ilirootly
Iront the south, blowing hard, The glare
ot the Mating buildings lights the Btroots 5
for hall n mile away, bo Unit one may soe
toroad. The entire flro department arc
now on the ground making almost super- J
human ctlurts to stay tliu Humes. The
lossos already will probnhly mil millions,
and tho end Is not yet. j
CltH'AIIO, October 8.
About one o'clock this morning, shortly i
after sending the last dispatch detailing i
the progress ol tho flro lu tho western df- i
vision, the Dames wore arrested ami on- i
dor the completo control of the lire dc- s
partment, and wo are now enabled to give I
a more intelligent and greatly modillod
estimate ol their devastating ellects. Tlio i
spare burned over embraces lour blocks,
bounded on the north by Adams street,
west by Clinton, south by VSi) Duron, and i
east by the Chicago.river. Homo lour or 1
live buildings within the llmlU n?tnod i
remain uninjured,among them Vincent, i
Nelson A Go's grain warehouse, brtiof
the largest In the city, which escaped any
serious damage. This ttrrc dm* to tho
fact thai piles of anthracite coal lay between
tlio burning buildings and the cle- I
vator, and by tlio continued application ol i
large quantities of water to tho coal piles I
they wore prevented from burning. The I
space burned over was covered with linn- i
her yards, coal yards, wood yards, planing
mill lut* Uotom
-v.* .nvw.1) twoum mciory, iVC., 1
and a large number of dwellings Ami *a
loons of the poorer classes. A close estl- i
mate of the entire loss places it at Iroin
$950,000 to |300,000, with probably onehalf
of that insured. The ftre lmd Its
origin in Lull Holmes' planing mill, on
Canal street, near Van Buren, and as the
wind was fresh from the south, tho flames
spread north with great rapidity, and
thence east, and within a space of half an
hour the whole district named wag all
ablaze, and by one o'clock, or within two
hours after the tire commenced, the work
was ended. The following are the leading
sufferers by the tiro on Canal street:
As stated, tho ftre originated in Lull
I 11
Holmes' pinning mill, whoso loss will
reach 120,000, with an insurance of
about $12,000. In tho rear of the mill was
Forties' box lactory; loss $1,000; insured
lor one bull'. Tho next billowing, was
the Excelsior Vinegar Works, belonging
to J. Wcighc; loss $12,000. Next came
tlio liacino llouso; loss small, anil then
followed tho Union Wagou Works; loss
17,000, iusurancu $11,000. Jno. ShuHs <fc
Son's lumber yard; loss $05,000, insurance
$115,000. Cbapin Foes' shingle factory;
loss $50,000, insurance $12/)00. B.
lloibrook's coal yards; loss $3fl,00<), Insurance
$25,000. Wilmington Coal Company;
loss $30,000, insurance $20,000.
Blacksmith shop of P., Ft. W. C. H. U.
Co.; loss $1,000. On Clinton street, with
it single exception, the buildings destroyed
were of tho poorer class, owned by
Holt, Lander it llandul, Hon. H. C. Farwell,
and A. Watson. Tho most serious
loss on this street,was that of Boltzer it Co.,
wagon makers, who aullcrod about $4,000,
with only light insurance. On Jackson
street, ten houses were destroyed, owned
by A. Watson and occupied by 28 families,
who lost all they had; tho balance of the
bases on this strict embraced dwelling
bouses and shops numbering from 51 tu
1)7; the total loss on this street will not
probably exceed $20,000, with not ovor
one-quarter of it insured. On Van Huron
street, only three or four buildings
worn ImriiPfI nnH ol Hlllllll VIllllP Tlio
iron viaduct lending lo tlio Adams street
bridge was damaged to the extent of
41,000, and the tracks of the Pittsburgh,
Ft Wayne Chicago and Chicago St.
Louis Hailronds, which run right through
the burnt district, were damaged probably
to the extent of $3,000 or |U,000. The
saddest result of this tiro was the burning
to death of Mrs. Margaret Iladloy, living
mi the north side of Jackson street, who
being suddenly surrounded by the flames
was unable to escape. Her remains were
burned to a cinder anil were found tills
morning In a place where she wax iKst
seen in her house. It U impossible to
learn tonight the exact amount of insurance
and all the names of companies
that are victims. Thu entire insurance
will probably (all below one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, probably twothirds
of tlio amount in Chicago olilces
and among outsido companies whtcli suffer
are thu Teutonic and Hibernla, Cloveland,
Buffalo, Western and Bulltiio Fire
and Marine, Alps ol Erie, Andes of Cincinnati,
Pacific and Union, Han Francisco,
Knickerbocker, Republic, Fireman
of New York, Lyconing, Philadelphia,
to.. i&C.
Ciiicaho, October 8.
A lire Is now raging in the western divi-
lion, which appears as large as the great
lire lust nigiit. The alarm was given at
):45 p. m., from the corner pf Halsted
itreet anil Canalport Avenue, a distance 1
if 2} milca from tho court house. It will 1
necessarily ho late bofnro any particulars
:an lie obtained.
11:801". M.?Tho lire tonight In tho 1
Irst division is now raging with unabated 1
ury. Tho lire commenccd near Taylor
itreet, between Delavan and Jeflcrsou,
ind is spreading In every direction, coverng
at feast lour blocks at this hour, and.
itfil stems beyond control.. Tho blocks
iro built up solidly, and almost ex- j
ilusively of two-story Iratno houses, ,i
iccupied as residences, boarding-houses,
laiouns, groceries, ctc. The loss Is al; r
cady large, and it is now feared that it c
vill provo more disastrous In its cbarao-
er than the one lost night. It Is impos-
i I tie yet to learn but a very lew names f
if the suQorers. Tho entire list will
irobably embrace several hundred. No
ipproxlmate estimato can yet be made of i
Iki trttul Irui no (lin nrnrrrnoa nl tlin llamnn
IIV tuHu K'OO| lukiiupiu^iun HI uiu iiiuii'.n
mvo not yet been arrested, We-will
;ct further particular)). I
12:45 A. St.?Last night was the most
iwlul in the annals of our olty. Tbo tire,
vhlcli commenced at 10 r. m., has olready f
wept over a space three times as large as i
hat of the night before, and is still rush-
ng on with greator fury than has marked j,
,ny stago ot Its progress, the engines n;>- r
rearing almost powerless. Plro Marshal o
Vlllintns has just telegraphed to Mllwau- j
;eo for all the steamers they can sparci 7
I'he conflagration has already devastated
it least twenty blocks, mostly eomiKwed
if the smaller clasS of dwellings, Inhabit- j
id by poor people. Not less tliau three
iimared buildings liavo been entirely do- j
troyed, and more than tbrn. number of
amllica rendered homeless.
The wind is blowing almost a gale Iroin
he south, and showers of sparks and
irands aro sweoplng Over tbo city, thrfeatinlng
destruction on every hand. Since
his report commenced, two additional
ilnrms have been Btruck. Tho,tower of
he court house caught tiro from llying ii
irands, but was extinguished by the c
vatchman in the tower. No description
inn givo an idea of the tcrrlblo scene. The c
ire started In a row of wooden tenements t
111 Delavan street, between Jefferson and l]
Jlinton, and as was the caso last night, s
iprcad with terrible rapidity, Helo're n
iimrlri emtino Could get on tho irround. 'I
mil tho block was in llames and burning t
urlously. The cntiro dopartment were 1
won on IiiiihI nnil at work, for' n tiroo' It
cenicd probable that tlioy would soon t
uccccd In confining It tri Ihur or llvo
docks. The wind was blowing freshly 1
vlicnthofiro started, btit incrcitsed to a
(ale, and snddenly the llames seemed to
preiul in every direction, becoming bo- r
iind the control of the lire department.
1:15 a. m.?ThA Art) Is still raging with
ticreascd fury and lias spread almost
with the velocity of the winds. It has
low reached West Monroe, a distance of
note than a nllfb from whoro it started, i.
mil it covers a breadth of nearly hall a
ttlle, reach from the river to Jelferson
itrcet. The district already bdrned emjraces
ao immense number of lumber
pards, and the freight depots of tlio Chlingo
A- 8t lifiuis and Pittsburgh, Fort I
Wnyno Chicago Railroads. The phv n
icrty already destroyed county up many t
millions of dollars, and perhaps the linlf t
is not told. The task of arresting It now t
seems live fold greater than an hour ago S
?nd no one darn venture the opinion as to I
when or where it will slop.
Brands from the fire Were blown across
lo the east side of the river, and sot a
woixlen building on tlh;, directly adjoining
tho Chicago gas house. The llamas
ipread In every direction. Tho adjoining
Iraildlngs being all of tho tlndef box kind,
the prospoct Is that tho gits houso wll| lie J
Jostroywl, and the city wrapped in dark- V
ness. A terrible panclc is prevailing
[hfotlghoul tho whole city. Almost
everybody, men, women and children,
*re in tho Street; praying, weeping, and
w-uilintr is hoard In overy direction.
It now looks iw if tho whole city might t
t>0 destroyed. Of courso Jlargo numbers I
of lives lute been sacriflccel, lint liofr
many, ntKj wlio, cannot bo known until i
the progress of tho flames has been arrest- f
Oil. Tiio alarm boll has just commenced I
to ring an unceasing peal, which Is intended
to call every sleeper Irom his bed.
The panic la increasing, and the people I
seem almost crazy with alarm. Tho ves- 1
wilp in the river are catching flro in every 1
direction, and all will In the Botith river,
probably be destroyed. f
1:45 a. m.?A raging, roarinjj hell of
flru envelopes twenty blocks ot the city.
It is already within a block of the telegraph
ofllce where this dispatch is written,
and sweeping unwward a whirlwind
of liamo against which human cliorts are
powerless and It is impossible to tell where
It will atop. The bridge. across Van
Uuren street is burned, us is also the shipping
in the river. The cars on the tracks
of the Chicago it Alton and Fort Wuyne
railroads, together with the Immense
freight house, arc all swept away. No
language can describe the awful scene.
The flumes sweep through blocks of
wooden houses with the rapidity of a
prairie (Ire. Thousands ol people fill the
streets, rushing out of tlicir dwellings, in
many Instances, with barely time to savo
their lives.
1 O'Uloce a. ii.?The block immediately
across tho street Irom the telegraph
olUce, one of the finest
At this point Chicago wire iailcd to
work, lire supposed to be the ciinsc of Interruption.?Orun.]
Tho Northern Fires Still Itiiciut;Milwaukee,
October 7.
Netvs from the northern tires to-day,
Rtiiti' I hut tlinv nrn ruirimr worm* tlmn <>vi*r n
A man who Just.arrivcd at Fort Howard, 1
from Pendukie, says that thirty men were
burned to death at that place, and part or
the town and one mil), and taluks tlw rest
is gone by this time.
Weather Report.
WAH DKHAHTMKNT. 1
Omoi or Tun Cuur Siunai. OrrioKU,
Wabiiinuton, I). C\, Oct. 7?7:30 l". w
SYNOPSIS KOll TWBNTY-KOUH IIODIIS.
The area of the highest barometer,
which was Saturday afternoon between
Ohio and Blue ltldgo, now extends Irom
Boutli Carolina to New Jersey. Clear
weather with smpky haze has prevailed
very L'umjraUy'eilit of the Mississippi
rlv?v %lt-nortneadtarfy winds with
cloudy weather are now reported from,
Florida. The low pressure that was Saturday,
north pi Nebraska lias moved
ilowly southeastward, and has evidently
extended today most rapidly towards
Wisconsin, hut there is no telegraphic
communication with that region. Southwesterly
winds have increased in force
north and west ot the Ohio Valley, and
tho temperature is very high in Missouri
uid Iowa. Dense smoke hus prevailed
in f.ulrit Ulnl.ninnrlu nml Oirnut.
.'nitig weather ul the ltocky Mountain I1
nations.
mOllAJUMTES.
Tho barometer will probably fall on
Honday along tlio Atlantic coast, with
lasterly-wlmls and cloudy weather in the
limth Atlantic Htatrs, and possibly rain
m tlio immediate coast. A rapid fall
with southwestly winds, is probable west
it tlieJiVppalachin Mountains, with threat- 9
ming weather and possibly rain upon tho L
ipner lakes, and westwardly brisk winds
will probably prevail from Luke Ontario
westwardly, Monday morning.
TENNESSEE.
Mnut'iHB, October 7. J,
Hcvcrid hundred Cherokee Indians from y
forth Carolina, passed over tlio Memphis n
is Charleston railroad to-day, going tin c
Jorinth and St. Louis, to join their brctli- g
en in the nation. Tlioy were in ciiarge
if Cols. Cox and Lane, of the luterior Do- h
lartment, mid A. A, llarnca, General c
Isont of thu railroad. Mirny more arc to
dllow. M
The Chickasaw Club?lust day?Geo. ]i
Jlliott fequel stako tor two year olds, mile 11
mats, subscription $25. 1*. P. Club, adds ri
!?]00. .Eighteen Humiliations lor startors; ti
van won oy ijoniion, oeauug uuzaine,
iell Jinckle, Kufc Hunt, 1:48}, dash, three ft
ear olds, mile and u half. Tho club Ii
iiirsc ol $250, was won by Sentinel, bent- B
ng Hetty, Williamson, Kono, Creole, o:
)imce, iiflla Powell and Bella AlkeD,samo
irder; time 2:42. Fourth handicap, mile ft
icats, for all starters that have not won a w
aco during tho wflck. Entrance, 10 tt> v
d horse, purse $200. Mclntyrcs ch. c. 2, ri
,2,2: Donnvon, 5,8,1,1; Commerce, 1,8, tl
II; 'I'om Corbctt, Miner ijinm, Bcib. Hljei- n
on, Vldock and Glencoe, were! withdrawn n
Iter tho third heat; time, 1:47!, 1:48,148i,
iliOJ, n
Michael, aged 10, a son of Col, Michael a
fcQiveiiy, a wealthy citizen, was drownd
at the levee, this evening, by the burn- u
ng of a skill [j
Jerome t'nrk Itnces. h
Nbw York, October 7. J
Tito pttendance at the laces to day was
lim 'imtVtho tracks heavy, ,1'ho lirst race, ji
iaitllcap sweepstakes,mile anil a quafter, n
lino horses started., Ortohm was the
flnner?220. Tire edco'ml race, Jj
lmmplon stakes lor thrco years old, two, ,i
nlies was won by Marry llasselt?time i,
1.04, ;ir,4i. The third race, nttrsury
takes, ton year olds, one mile, was won
iv Col. McDanlel's entry?timo 1.511.
flic. fourth, race, dasli ol Ibcee-fqiiftU
alio, all ages, for spurMol $400
iy Midday?tlific 1,21 J. The llffli Vacd,
bur mile dash, was won l>y Kcllptic-t i,
line 8.5. g
Jestnictlon of Cord Wood by 1'lrc.
jANRBVlUifc.Wls./OcttMfr T. j [j
A fire broketml this noohritJ' a wrfotl
illo about two miles north of Jefferson, u
rVisconsin, destroying about threo thori- ri
and cords, and Is still burning. No trains
an pass cither way, telegraph lines were
,lso burned down. Itrporls from the
icrth, say tho tiro is still rnglng with ttnaintcd
fury. tl
I.
Te?ns Election. a]
Uai.veston, Oct. 7. \1
Tha CVngrcpslorial ideation' shown a
3efiirtcTiilic net gnift over tho vote or lffflll,
islar as hoard rrom, as lolloWs: First did- .1
rlct, five? countlos, '.'115; second district, V
wo countiefc, 000; third district, five conn- It
ioa, 2,4!l(i; fourth district, twelve comities, v
!,8-H); indicating tho election ol the entire tl
)omocriitic deiofeatlon to Congress.
Schooners Ashore* ii
Hociiestbu, Jt. v., October 7. 'I
The Schooners Atlantic and Defiance I'
vent nshoro tills morning, seven milcfc J,
tbove OottesSW.1 Both word IMdiy'dSfnigod.
The crew is safe. Tho lights on
liiore was mistaken for Oencsseo Ilarbor.
I no ligtiis caused mc disaster.
Sudden Death.
fir*' th\&AiM,Vk, 'otjM* 8- c
An Englishman, about thirty years of a
irc, named Hubert Harrison, (lied almost pi
nstanlly tliln morning. The cause win e
jrobably heart disease. He leaves a wife o
n Cleveland, where until about ten days v
ilnce, be had lived, and Web employed at it
;he refinery of Alexander Scoflold it Co. c
ii
?An Immense Republican mam meet- ri
ng was lield at Central Hlnk, Cloveland, fi
Saturday evening to listen to an address tl
!iy IIon. 0. M. Iiohfson, Becfctary ol the e
Navy. He spoKc over two hours and was rl
^reeled with Uemendons applame. c
NEW YORK CITY.
Nkw Vottk, October 7.
Tho cou/ession ol restitution made lust
niglit by Mr. Iveyser Li deemed or the utmost
importance. The step was wholly
unexpected, und Is a means of enabling
the Committee ot Seventy to obtain other
proof. It is regarded as thu most promising
occurrence that lias yet transpired.
II is admission is that in seven years employment
by the city he has received threeluarters
ot a million dollars, for which lie
lias done little work, but declared that his
lignature to many vouchers lor exorbitant
ninis bad been forged. In many instances
no hail been compelled to assign his claims
jeloru lie could (cceivo payment. This
junftaeion will probably securo him immunity
from punishment. Tho implicated
radesmen are expected to take a like
:ounH>. The C'omiuitte?ol Seventy, Inlawing
out their determination fur the
;>rosecutiou ?l the ring thieves, will lie- 1
uand ul' the Governor to 1'orlhwiUi order
ho Attorney General to commence the re-
luired legal proceedings. They will einiloy
counsel to assist In this work.
Tho late County Auditor Watson, is
mpposed to he thu person who allured
ieyser s vouchers. Tho bills of Davidson
b Co. were also altered. Tho flrin Is said
o have received but a small amount of
he money.
The opinion is gaining ground that
lodge Barnard will dismiss the present
Jraud Jury. Unless this is done the pro:ccdings
against tho (lerpetrators ol Uio
muds will result in nothing, besides the
iict that tho Urand Jury is packed Irom
iincials upon whom devolve the prosecuion
of the suits, they are also under Tain- j
uauy inlluence. Kvidenco ol' tho most
tartling character is accumulating, but
lie Committee of Seventy lind dilllculties
u their way. The parties giving the ovi-
leiice expect It will cost them their sal&-
ies, and desire to be provided with other
Uuattons, which thu committee hesitate
Thu Herald says it will advance the
'ity Treasury one hundred thousand dolus
towards carrying on tho government
Illtll till! IllXCS COmi! in. 1? tmyo I
hero is discrepancy lioiwqen tho state-
aeutnl tin: Comptroller as to.(ho linag-
!nl 'condition ol the Department ol j!
Vorka anil liU'nwu and that there shall bo
0 stoppage of tlio works of the Departtent,
ilo Intends to take carool his de-
lartmont and will individually nay Ills
len rather than see them Buffer, lie
ocs not regard tho Rochester Conven-
Ion oa either a triumph or defeat for
'annually. Ho supports tho ticket and
liinks tho city trouble is an issue in itself.
TlioX'ounsol lor Ingcrsoll, who was to
0 exuuilned to day, concerning his claims
gainst tho city, desired a delay on delimit
of the aliscnco of the Associate
'ounsel, which was granted. The oposing
Counsel wanted to proceed. It
/as subsequently arranged that the case
liould come up Monday.
Tho World says that in regard to the
opruBcntatlon Ihim New York to tho
)einocraticConventioif,-thntheroaftcr the
lonvention will know nothing ofTiunlany
or nntl-Tammuny, and deal only
(ith the spirit of tho Assembly districts,
ot only with Tammany, but all sueeasors
ol Tammany and all similar oilarchlcal
organizations thus abolished.
In the Vlclo divorce case a coinproiulto
as been oll'octeil by withdrawing the
barges and dividing the children.
The Timet says Mastison, theconthiclor
;ho built Tammany Hall, swears that
e would he willing to do the work per- f
irmed by Garvoy for $50,000; that tho
L'pairs could not liavo possibly amounted
1 the original cost.
A corrcsponuuni Ol VUU Jimw, nuuiif; .1
oiii Washington, says that a gigantic
iidlnn Iraud Ims Just been unearthed liy
ecretary Delano. Several well known
[Hclalsol the last administration, among
'lioin is one ex-Commissioner of Indian
.tfuirs, -are Implicated In tlio scheme,
hicli involves over 0,000 acres of land,
allied at upwards ol $180,000. The Sco-
;tary has had a npccial commission nl
10 Interior Department probing the
latter, and the most startling developicnts
nre anticipated.
Hon. Elijah F. l'urdy, ono of the oldest
nil most prominent Democrats of tliin p
tnte, died this morning.
Horace Grcclcy, in a review of tlio sit-
atlon, states that the charge that Oakoy
[all lias embezzled public money and
inverted It to Ills own uso lias not yet J
cen proven; but still, lor signing bills !l
lilcli were fraudulent and falsa, ho thinks
o ought to resign. Mr. Orceley farther
iys: "I have sccrt no cvl'lencG that Feler
I. Sweeney Is a public plunderer; rather
loro so ns to Judgo Hilton. Hut ihf
idgment ns to Tweed Is very dilKreht.
cannot but believe that a good ijtairu ol
is millions paid out of the tmimiryjin r;
i*><?<|*r itn..ih? iiainpiiiijt axiflfcfltH
r utterly fraudulent bills ol Ingeraoll,
larvcy, Keyser, Schuyler Smith, Ac.1, k,
;c., have Woiljid Uiclr devious way into
is pocket, atld'haVo btcn chiployed to u
cfrny his enormous expenditures at Al-
iiiiy, in tills city and elsowhoit, and
live added block alter block to bis ever;
rowing landed possessions," v
A?l>lin'Anlm lirt miiof hnvo Iwnlt/nl..
ices for tlio Queen's cup, or ho will send Pj
in liOrnrin home in tUrco days.
The case of Evans, a claim agent, cninc J,
p Benin to day. Tho decision is to lie _
jntlfiml J'hureday next. h
this morning Julius Htoinmau, a lager <i
Mr shop keeper, m (mitred his .wife u
ulii),,flushing Jier head with a club and 11
nootliltirt Iron nml 'thin cutting lier n
i rout'i willi iviakoath knits, He then
anged himselr with a clothes lino at the
top, door. The bodies ot both wero cold u
flien discovered liy tho saloon Waiter.
caiousy is supposed to bo tho cause. p
Tho statement has been published that a
olin II. Kcyser, ol tho lirin ol J. II. a
ioyser Co., plumliers, gas fillers and si
on and brass founders, hail by deed con- a:
eyed to Jackson 8. Scliult!1., In trust for w
10 city and county of Now York, pro ir
iTly lo Die valdo of 050,000 to rclni-
urie the public treamiry tor any moneys ft
lipropcrly received by Ills firm lor work
one by order of tho late Hoard of Buervisort.
Today Kcyser publishes k jt
ard In which he states on behalf of his s(
rm that hit communication to the com-
ilttec has been miscnnstruc<l; that the
loney ho received In 18S0 and 1870 correil
the work itnno since 180-1 on all cltv
ml county buildings, Including plumlilg,
gun work, Iron railing, repairs to city
arks, castings lor Crntnn water and sewr
departments and the bureau of lamps ij
nd gas, repairs on streets connected with
wersnlid Milterta, and with now sew-
rs and alterations, and that on some
f these lie is still at work completing, lie
ras put to a heavy expense for new build-
igs, machinery and experiments, and
harged but a fair price to cover all, hav-
ig been often obliged to sell his claims to
use money to carry on his operations. lie
irtlier says he never received a cent ol
ic sum of $100,000, but that the vouch- S
rs and his endorsement thereon are forge- c
ics. In answer to other newspaper
barges, ho also says that Tweed never p
had any iutmost ia kin firm, but that the
Company are his employees, among
whom lout year lie distributed $35,000 as
their percentage ol the profit, and he feels
indignant at the insinuation that he lived
luxuriously and gives the following denial.
His town bouses cost $12,000, and is
on Uic island near South Norwalk,
anil but $1,300 for the bouses on
it; $4,000 and $7,000 more in improvements
on bis costly statuary be bought
In this city (or $300. He claims that instead
of being indebted to or having defrauded
the city, New York owes liini
still $300,000, which be bones to prove.
Persons in the Comptroller s otllcc, "who
pretend to know, assert positively that the
lato county auditor, Watson, to whom
the bills of ICeyser were consigned lor
collection,altered the accounts and raised
vouchers from small to large sums.
A rumor is in circulation that county
ludltor ilyucs, who succeeded Watson,
lias become deranged and been sent to the
avium.
The rumor that Garrey bad Ucd Irom
lbs city was revived on the street ycstcriay,
but bis tamily and friends positively
issert that he is lying ill at his residence
up town.
wu|iuiy v uiupirouer unsen 11:13 uisliissed
u number of persons in the bureau
who ure in arrears, and also in tho county
lurcau who held oflleo as extra anduddiilonal
clerks, but drew pay without work.
I'll is action will be followed up until all
mown abuses are corrected anil tho force
educed to a pure working standard.
The WorhCi reporter hud 1111 interview
yesterday with Jncksou Scliullz, who said
.hat tho assignuieut made to him by Keyler
is not intended to alfect bis general
luslnets credit at all, and if, upon oxaniilatlon,
ills accounts witli the city are
ound correct, all his property will bo reitored,
and that the time of adjusltncnt
lepends upon tho time tho Comptroller
akes to prepare tho accounts.
Tho 5rVnut express! s the belief that
fudge Ilarnard will dismiss the grand
ury which, it is said, was packed to be
11 readiness for the case ot I lull.
Mr. Dowharumna, the Ircseo artist, yeserday
stated under oath, before Internal
ievenuo Assessor Freedson, that be never 1
ecclvci) a cent of the alleged ?l- 1
tged in the Comptroller's books to liuve
leen paid to him in 1811!). lie said ho
ms only an employe of Oarvey, and re-
elved if 101) per week, while at work, lor
bout nine or ten months or 11 year. IIo 1
lever signed any wurraiits or vouchers t
ir money from the city government, aud
lever had any transactions wlWi it. 1
Mr. Tweed insists that ho lion a legal 1
iglit to raiso money 011 the aqueduct 1
ondsof which bo litis half million dol- r
irsln reserve, and liu will therefore con[nue
the work on the aqueduct, it being
n imperative necessity. IIo also said he g
ras tired of tho talk about arrest; there c
fould bo no trouble in finding liirn; lie
fas anxious to make a defence in a court
f the city.
Air. unnuiuoriuin says in 1110 city iinauca:
There aro funds in trust uiiauuling
a ono million anil a quarter dollars, one
lilllon of which is Invested In builds and
lortgages, tho rest is in U. S. securities
n the vault'of the Park Hank, rented by J
lio city lor tho purpose at $00,000 yearly, 'J
The Coinndttco of Sovonty have pro-
ured nn address to the worklnfjnicn setIng
forth clearly and concisely the
lothod by which tho ring robbed the 11
Ity treasury and deceived tho working
leu into supporting them, Tho com- 1
tlttee Say an elfort is being nin(16 to ciist 11
lin blame and odium for the (also and r
irged vouchers on the lato county Audi>r,
Watson, who cannot reply, lint the
ommittee have proofs overwhelming
gainst men now living, and at the proper r
mo they will be forthcoming, and men
rbo the community would hardly Suspect
rill be found having it hand In tho city 1
oasury and dividing the BpnikJ
A sehsatlonal story printed to day
lates that tho Third avenue Havings
tank is Insolvent, and has been in a J1
ittcn condition for two years. It is said
nit tho Stato examiners have reported 1
10 liabilities of tho bunk to be $483,000
l excess of its assets,
O. SI. Van Buren, United States Pen- c
on Agent, of this city was arrested yes-
irday,charged by tho Commissioner of
'ensfons with being defaulter to the j1
mount of $11,000. lie gave bull lor 11
10,000 to appear for trial. 11
Rumor says a civil suit commenced in
10 Supremo Court against James.Fish,
r., by a lady whoso namo has been inti- 1
lately associated with jiittl. Aflldavits
i tho cms exposa much of the fcccrct in 11
io history of the Erie magnate, and 0
iow to what extont tho Tammiitiy King r
ad Krlo King have united for plunder.
Tilt annual elcctitol of tho DirtyiMM ol u
io Krlo road comes oil Wednesday.
Art <i<1 Innrnnd fluueirtu tif/flin Niillntm]
isuronco Colivqtllvn will open' ill this
Ity on llie lSlll Inst.
Tlio Russian Minister,' Catncnry, dothroaUiint
(lie wllole story Hint li? spoke
l Infamous terms of tho President And 8
ecrotary Fish, nnd tho latter's repented
hargo tliatlie put n low estimate upon f(
is American character, til be a falldlood. c,
A prominent member ol tlio New York 11
'will Club Bays tlio CJufcien's Cup Is held n
y tbe CttB.ln Must, and that tt violates n
10 conditions ol trust by sailing a single 0
acbt ngalbst tho LaVonk It should Tie
tub itcllnst club, to win or luso the race, '1
nd all tho vessels of the Now York Club J
ave a right to join in tho contest agtlbist
le English. J to said ho was determined 0
lat unless tho club reconsidered lis no
on ho would apply to tho conrW tuid
revent tho race by an injunction restrain- K
ig tbe club I'roin violating its sacred trust
Tho Trtbum will slato to-morrow from 11
fidotlbted tttitllbrlty that it was tlio cus 11
imol tho county Auditor, Watson, to J.
roetire several copies of an original bill, *1
nd liaro a warrant drawn Idr each, and
olleot tho several amounts. Forgery iB J
lid to have made silc.1i an every day
flair that Watson and Woodwnrd 11
'ere not even ift the particulars In the
latter of Connolly imitating the band
'riling bt the person whoso name they
irgeiK
HHmnAMToK, N. V., October 7.
A Urn tbls morning destroyed Hard- L'
ig's snsli and door factory, filewart's
alio works, Ostrom's livery stable, J'
welllneS and other property. Loss
40,000.
ILLINOIS* J'
CAllto, Oct. 8.
The second trial of the case of Cobbi
lair, Doll Co., r?. tho Illinois Central
lallroad Company, was concluded yesjrday.
Damages were clalmcd to the
mount of $10,000 lor the delay io the
asportation o( grain some years since.
'erdlct of $.111,000 for plaintllR Jj
tenth of an Old Methodist Minister.
WltnxtfRK, N. .1., Oct. 1.
Ilev. Benjamin O. Paddock died here t
aturday, aged 83 years. With one ex- t
option, lie was the oldest member of the J
Icthodist Episcopal Church, having
reached sixty-three years. r
WASHINGTON.
Washington, D. C'., Oct.
North Carolina intelligence, states that
on Thursday a warrant was issued lor
United States Marshal Carrow, and his
deputy, for the illegal arrest and Imprisonment
of eight citizens, and that the editor
ot the Sentinel was arrested yesterday, on
charge, of injuring the Marshal ou account
of his duties. He was held for trial.
A letter from Admiral I'oorman, commanding
the South American fleet, dated
Klo du Janeiro, September 3, reports the
last advices from Commander Quackenbusli,
commanding the Wasp, dated Montcvido,
August 28, state that the last
week engagement between red and
whiles, ueur Rio Negrlo, resulted in tho
defeat ol the government troops, with a
loss of lour guns and two hundred and fifty
infantry, half of their stock. There
uua uixu uLxtuiiuiitti unug near i>uiiiun.
Tho President this morning, received
business culls. The English Episcopal
clergymen ol tlic Baltimore Cunvcntion,
paid liim their respects.
Tlw President bus appointed Henry H.
tfrailb, Surveyor of Customs ut Omaha,
Nebraska; Edward I,eluvium, Apraiser ol
Merchandize at Now York; Juucus B.
Wlieelcr, of the Engineer Corps, has been
appointed Professor ol Engineering at
tho West Point Military Academy vice
Prof. 11. F. Mahun, deceased.
The President has made the following
iippointnicnts of Commissioners to tlio
L'eutlnnial Anniversary of American Independence
at Philadelphia in 1878:
Andrew J. lievtny and Alex. It. Holder,
West Virginia;.!. Marshall Paul unci N.
C. Meekcn, Colorado; Itobcrt Lowry and
W. F. Trtwsor, Tennessee.
The President to day signed tho postal
Iroaty between thu U. 3. and thu German
Empire.
Horatio Itolster, who was loituil guilty
several months sinco ol the murder ol his
ion James, at Now York, uml sentence!
In be hanged, lias had n new trial and ii
rerdlct rendered of manslinghtcr.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 0.
Tin: Secretary of tho Treasury lias directed
tho Treasurer and Assistant Trensirers
to pay llio November coupons upon
;be rebate interest to October 25tli, ami
in anil alter tliut (lay to pay tbo Interest
lno November 1st wltlmut rebate.
Tho report that Secretary Fish is to reire
from tbo Cabinet niter tbo fall cleclons
is pronounced incorrect.
Tbo copper, nicklu and bronzo coluago
edcomed at tbo mint during September
vns over $4(1,000. Tbo total amount reloomed
under tho act of March IS, 1871, Is
icarly a third of a million dollars.
The Hock Island National Hank and
?irstNational Hank of Bloomlngton, ln|L,
ire authorized to commcnco operations,
inch with a capital of $100,000.
IIAIjTIMOKE episcopal con.
vention.
Uai.tijcoiib; Octobcr 7.
At tbo opening of tbo JCplacopal Cuncntlon
to-day n resolution of respect to i
lio memory of Hon. John N. Cunning-
inm was passed, and appropriate eulogies
Iclivercd. I
Hcv. Moss, oiOliio,.paid alike tributes i
o tho Into Itc^-s. Christopher P. Gladsdcn i
nd Herman Copo.
Numerous eulogies were pronounced or,
ho Into Jackson Ifompcr. Tributes were
lso paid to Milo Mahon, Solon VV. Jluray
and Win. M. Taylor.
A communication was received from the
louse of Bishops transmitting a report oh
lio uniformity of tho Hltual, which was
eferred to tho Committee on Canons.
Accompanying the report was tho following
resolutions from tbo House of
llshons:
Resolved, That In thogravityofthosubject 1
,iid its bearings this House is unprepared
or Immediate action on tho report submitted
by tho Committee on Ritual Uniormity,
without previous consideration of
ho same.
limited, The Houses of Clerical and 1
jay Deputies concurring, that a joint
nrr.miftpn I in nnnnlntpri fur flirt rnnniilnr. 1
Hon of tho above named report.
The action on tho mcssago and report
rom tlio House of Bishop# was postponed
y tho Iloiisc'nrDeputies until Tuesday
icxt.
Tho roport of tho Committco on Can-
ns against reducing tho number of Dbpuics
In tho House \m concurred In.
A memorial by Mr. Honors, ot Texas,
3r tlio appointment of a Missionary Ulshp
for the frontier Dloccso of Texas was i
clcrred to liio Committee on Canons. I
Tlio Convention ndjourncd till Mowl:ij' I
110 o'eldcjf. i
it. IiOlflH.
St. Louis, Octobof 7. j
Tho citso ol William ilnys against (Jco.
Kay and K. 1). Jones In tlio United
talcs Circuit Cqurt, decided to day for J
lie plaliltlll tho sum of I? 1,127. Tlio
rilowing Is a brief summitry of the
use. In September, 1801), tho Flrr.1 Nilonal
Ilaiik of Washington, I). com-
\enccd tho attachment of a suit here
gainst Perry Fuller for un alleged debt
1 over $100,000 and levied on certain
lerchandlse to that nmouht. Hubsc-
uently William Ilnvs rlnlmeJ thwtoods
s hi.i property. Thereupon Cleorgo 11.
lay, President, and E. I). Jones, Cashier
I the BeCond National Hank hero, cxcuted
a bond in lllty thousand dollars to
ccuro llayB against his loss, and the
oods were sold by the BlicrllT. Hays
icn entered suit against Itay and Jones
b securities for the Washington bank,
nd tlio jury, niter being out eighteen or j
ivcnfv llOUTB rctftrnwl ft VPrclirf na nlinvrv t
'lie defense wits that Fuller owned, or
ml nn interest In the goods attached,
inn Voofliecs, of Intlintia," and others for
ic plaintiff, and ex-Senator Henderson
ml others lor the defense.
KANSAS. 1
TorEKA, 1(8., October 71
Acaseol importnucc to Insurance com- J
anion, was decided hero today by .fudge
torll. In thn District Cdurt. TUe Wiper- f
ltcudcnt of tko Insurance Department, 1
as dccidcd that tlio certificates Issued by c
lie State Auditor, Authorizing companies
1 do business, were void under the new
>w, nn agreed case made between the
nsurance Department and Hartford Fire
nsnrance Company. Tlio Court decided
liat the construction of the law by the
nsurance Department, was right.
Itnllroftd Accident.
CoLUMJitis, October 8.
Passenger train No. 7,tm Ilia Plttrtmrgll, J
linclnnati it ttt. I/mis llailroad, western
Ivision, from Chicago, met with an acclent
at 11:30 this morning, about thirty
tiiles west ol Columbus. Thfl engine ran
ato two cows nnd was thrown from the
rack, together with the baggage car and j
wo passenger cars. The engineer, .lo'nn I
full, and the llroman, Win. Walls, vrerc j
indly and probably fatally injured. Tho I
n??engers escaped without injury. i
FORyi&Isr.
FRANCE.
Paws, October 7.
The Court of Revision lo which tic
cane ul lloaadl wag post, bos adjudged Lim
guilty, and declared that he has incurred
tho penalty of death.
The Republican Journals of this
city dei,mud of Thiers that ho take
prompt auJ vigorous action for the suppression
of thu llonapartist conspiracies.
The continued agitation in the Algerian
possessions of France muses a feeling ol
uneasiness lest the government may not
be exercising thu necessary vigilance uud
energy iu suppressing the troubles which
it is feared may grow to such proportions
us to cause serious embarrassment and
sxpengo, or even to ncccssitatu the
abandonment of thu colony.
Victor LaKrunc bus been appointed
Provincial Minister of Finance during the
absence of Ponyer? Qucrticr, who is at
Berlin to sccuru tho ratification of thu
commercial treaty.
Paws, October 8.
M. Dumlirowaki, who was the lender of
tho mob In an attack on tho Ocrmnn residents
ot Lyons, hits been arrested, tried,
iiml Dnntnnnitil In luin nmntlia inmriuDtl.
rnont.
SPAIN.
Madiud, October 7.
Sagast# favors tin; radical policy by tlio
now government.
I'iellmi 1ms been appointed Adjutant
General of Madrid.
Advices received t'riiin Melliliv stale
that tlio revolt at Kalylea menaces tlie
only Uominionsot Turkey who sent troops
to restore order. The Hpmiinli garrison
will not act unless insult U ollered to their
Consul. The outbreak wiutcaused by the
establishment ot a Moorish Custom Home
on thu coast.
Senor Ueloguu, the aclltitf Minister of 1
State, telegraphed to (len. Valniareda, of I
Cuba, that the necessary reinforcements
will bo promptly dispatched to uphold the 1
national authority and preserve the integrity
of tlio Spanish dominion.
Minister Oondan detiares that the gov- 1
eminent caunot prosecute members ol tlio
International Society so long as they obey
the laws, but bo promises to givo the
Cortes an oarly opportunity to debate the
question.
ENGLAND.
I .on don, Octobor 7.
The smack 1'oto, sunk in tbo harbor of I
Yarmouth last night, anil seven persons
perished.
The steamship China, lina touched at i
Qiieenstown.
r!(Ultrnrta Imvn liann nittnrml inlA fnr ttin
construction of the steamers for tho lort- i
nightly lino between Antwerp and Now
York pin Hover.
LomKW, October 8,
A meeting will' lie hold at an curly day
to (jisciw) tho question of modifying the
treaty between England anil France.
The Ohurm gives n flat contra'dlctldn
to the report of underhand maneuvers of
the Bonapartists in 'France for the restoration
of Napoleon
UKRMANY.
Mumcir, October 7.
Forty-seven members of tho Party of
Progress have interpolated tho Governneut
concerning tho Church question.
&n early reply Is promised.
Stockholm, October 7.
The King closed tho session of the
Rlgstag in person to day,and addressed
that body on tho state of the kingdom.
ITALY.
Homk, October 7.
Two convents have been occupied by
Italian troops.
Tho Italian Parliament opens In November.
TURKEY.
Constantinoi'LI!, Octobor 7.
Tho cholera hero has been considerably
:hecked.
JAPAN.
Saw Fiiancisoo, Oct. 7.
Arrived?Steamer Arlkona from China
ind Japan With 24,1188 packages of tea,
llllc and merchandise, weighing J,7-11
:ons, lor New York, Chlcngo, Bt. Louis
tnd lloston.
1 YouoiHMA, Sept. 1!!.
Tho Japanese government Iiim issuad n
lecreo In striking ont tlio position ol
Hahs or, Calm late. Tills reduces tho
tilers for over three hundred years to tho
losition of common people, anil immeillitcly
annexes their territories to tho gov- j
irnment. Tliero Is 110 longer nny nrlstoc ary
in that region.
Coolies arocpnstantly employed on the
ailroad between Yokolmmn anil Yeddo.
riio Ilrsl locomotive to Kanagown, three I
lilies, atlrackcd great attention.
Tho .Japanese merchants threaten to
mm one-half of the slock of tho silk
vorm eggs and I'orco up Uie market. Tea
lecllnlng. I
WK8T INDIES. I,
roiiT-ati-l'iitNcn, Hept. 23,1
Wa Havana, Oct. 7. t
It is reported tlmt tho recent visit of the
irilish Chn.lV* d'Airairs at tills capital to
fanlo Domingo, was for tho purpose ol r]
ooking into the sciicmc for tlio nnnexa- t
ion of that .Republic to tho United Htales. r
Santo Dolimoo, Oct. 7. I
The laical. advices from the frontier
tUMhnt the revolutionists under Cabral I
vere sur] irised liy the forces of Ilncz at
lie village of San .limn and driven to the t
laytien frontier. Cahrnl nnd friends nar- I
owly eacapod capture, Caliral reorg?n-
rai m* iorccn ana mane nn nnaca upon I
lie afmy ol Haez, rceaptnring the village
ind driving tlio President and his troops r
nto Aztiro. Tho Bmc mon burned nor- I
rnl lion ses In Han .luan and shot the ohly
irisoner taken by them. j
CINCINNATI.
c
CmrmNAtr, Octot>er7. t
Th o BoMmen's AjwcWIOB, for tho nrn- ti
ectl on of the river interests to day, elect <1
t.he following Hoard of Directors:
tara'l .f Hale. Vincent rtiltikle, J, (I.
sh.atn, John Kyle, Unlit. fiemple, II. A.
lones, .1. I). I'arker, C. CI. I'earce, John
Hcno.
IIAI.TIMORK.
t
lUi.TiMnTm, October 7. i
In the U. 8. District Court to day tho
nry in the ease ol Ocn. Bowman, late 1
Deputy Colloctof, clurgej with emliez- I
dement, rendered a verdict guilty on Hie <1
our first counts ol the Indictments nnd c
lot gtillly on the fllth. Sentence deferred, s
K K.NTUCKY.
.Mavsvii.i.e, October 7.
The canvass ia Mason county fur tliu
$400,000 subscription to the capital stock
of the Kentucky A: Great Eastern Railway
closed last night must gloriously. Thousands
of people were upou the streets, tho
bauds played, bonfires were burning, sky
rockets exploding, and the whole city was
in it perlt-ci furore of cxcitemcnt. Additional
ardor was given to the universal enthusiasm
by eloquent speeches from Hon.
K. H. Stanton, of this city, uud A. J. Hodder,
Esq, of Cincinnati. The result was
a splendid victory to day. Maysville gives
a majority lor the subscription of over
1,100. Tho reports from Hie county show
that the vote is safe for the proposition ot
over a thousand. There is great excitement
here. Mr. Ilodder and others are
speaking from different points in this city.
L0UI8YILI.U, uciooer I
This morning Lawrence Brauian, at
work on a new house on the Salt River
road, nine miles from this city, loll from
a scaffold at a height of thirteen feet and
broke bin neck, dying instantly.
A. CoururJ-vurnat special says the cily
of C'lurKsville, Tonn., to-day voted to up
propriato $75,000 to the Clarksville,
Waynesboro Princeton llaiiroud hy a
vote of Oil toll.
This atternooii two spans of the Louisville
Nashville Ituilroail over Bait river,
some eighteen miles from this city, was
burned, compelling the transfer of irolghl
and passengers at that point, but not
otherwise interrupting the business of tho
road. It is supposed tho bridge caught
lire from the sparks of a locomntlvo. Tho
bridge will be repaired by Monilny.
A person living near the sceno of the
killing of Cunt. Ueilly, near New Washington,
Clark county, Ind., Thursday
night, says ho hoard ltellly and Parker
quarreling at least hall an hour and also
heard tho struggle which followed. The
denials of FouW and liatos that tlioy
hoard nothing of tho kind nre not believed,
as they wero within a few feel bI tho
parlies. Parker stabbed Itullly six times.
Ilii unrrntiitiliiroil liimci-lf mwl nnriiMllv
Insists that in; <liil the killing in self-dclenco.
Till.1!'i: is intense excitement nt
Lexington and Charlcstown, Ind., concerning
tlio tragedy. Tho examining trial
ivas to be held at. the latter place this'afternoon,
liOiJtaviu.K, October H.
Tho Inneral ui Win. Iloran, Deputy
marshal ol the city court, which took
place to day, was one ol the largest ever
witnessed in Louisville. It was attended
hy the pollco and lire departments, tho
Irish ami Catholic societies and citizens
In an imposing procession.
Tho employees of tho .lefloraouvlllo
Indianapolis liailroad gave a banquet to
Dol, Horace Scott, General Superintendiint
at Indianapolis, ami presented him
with a magnificent gold watch and
chain, appropriately inscribed, costing
over $1,0<h). _
MEXICO.
ClTV ok.Mttxtoo, Sept. 12, VIA I
AIatamoiUs, Oct. 8:
J turn: was installed President last night
imidst great exoiluinuil, There arttaev:ral
changes in the cabinet. All Is quiet
lioro. Tho President's message Is conclliitory,
hut firm. It recommends material
improvements?building railroads, promoting
the coast, nnd sanctions making
reatles with friralgn nations. Tho l'resilent
has a minority in Congress. Anither
revolution, however, lias begun In
,bo$tato of Neuva Leon.
General Pedro Martinez has pronounced
ugalnst tho Juraz government. The
itatu autorities nnd several other
ihlcftans have joined the movement.
Hielr combined forces are said to be
narchlng 011 Camargo and Matamoras
with a view of delaying the erection ol a
:ustom liouso on the frontier. Tho first
itcp taken by tho authorities ol Neuva
Leon was to throw into prison all employees
ol the federal government. It is
jxpectedjthat the revolution will become
[cncral.
Tho Alntamoras frontier la yet quiet.
Gen. Palseelo Cortenao has issued a
iroclamntion urging a light for Jnnroz.
'reparations aro making at Mntamorns
'or a defense, and all the cavalry lias lnlt
or tho front. Great excitement Is retorted
from all p.iris of Mexico.
During a<|iia>rel between tho Captain of
he vesselBrolhera and the Mexican nuhoritles,
t|io Captain of tho Harvest
foine cable to tho aid of tho Brothers.
JOVLTIU iUUAICHUH ffCII! IIIIHM1. IUO
ulna and crows ul' both vessels Iclt In tlio
tarvest Homo, abandoning tlio Iirothors,
vtilcli wiib taken possession of by tlirj
Imcricnn Consul.
Matamokah, 8ept, 24.
Inarcz will be elected by, Congress.
Uarrqdo, who was pronounced tola In
Slnnlon, has been arrested.
The gweVhment linn t|tihrantlned tlio
tort of Han Juan Datitltt to tlm tolmeco
rontier, also Coliina Man/.anillo and theKirt
of Magdelana haye been closed.
Romero proposed to rent tlio Loner
'alllorola salt kites to a Me.Vlcan comlany.
CIIICA(il).
OKioaoo, Oct 7.
Tlio coal miners at.tlui several shafts In
jasalle, the Illinois Valley and Kcnosta
:oal shafts have inaugurated a strike for
ilghcf wages. They have been receiving
il 05 per ton, and demand $1 80.
The tragic death of Air. KdsaloyMterlay
morning continues to. excite a (loop
nterest, andtho cause seems no nearer a
oltltlon than twenty-four hours ago.
Die coroner's Inquest has been busy on
ho ease sinco yesterday noon. A large
lurtilier of witnesses liavo been oiamlned,
neltidlng the Wife and servhiltsof thedeleased,
bat no facts tinvo been thought to
ieht Which ncetiis to determine positively
vhether it was a murder or a suicide, alhough
the weight of the evidence is in
avor of tlie latter theory. Tlie strongest
ivideneo In flivor of .this theory IS tlie
act that there wore no marks of bnrnt
inwdcr on tho lace of Uio deceased, wliiln
ill experts agree that il lie had discharged
,1* own revolver Into ids temple there
vould have been beyond tiny doubt such
narks. Hevoral experiments to-day conirm
this idea. One showed that at a (Usance
of two feel powder marks were disenable
on a piece of whitfl paper, and
hat at a lesser distance the marks were
tonsiflod.
Yellow Fever.
CltAm.ESTOM, 3. f!., Oct. 7.
No deaths from yellow fever Haturday
ud Sunday.
?A hicetlrtg Was held at Hartford,
Jonn., Friday evening, in celebration of
he treaty of Washington. 8pceclie?
vcre made iiy prominent gentlemen.
?The collcgn faculty and students at
'rlneeton, N .1., are at loggerheads on the
lie ipiestion of hazing. Eight of the stnlents
liavo been expelled and a whole
lass of seventy four liave revolted in concquence.