THE PEOPLE,
5 _ PUBLISHED BY
CHARLES C. PEARSON CO.
Office in State Bleck.
Terms—Single copies per year, in advar se, 82 00
3ubseribers living within the thickly settied part i
the city, can have their papers delivered to their doors
by payiag twenty-five cents additional.
e CLUD RANES:
Two eopies one year, R
Three copiesone year, I 5.00
Four es one year, o iraeg s el 6.50
Flve‘%es one year, sAAs e 7.50
Fifty oosles one year, PR 62.50
Hundred copies one year, 100.00
Orders to be accompanied with the Cash.
2% Money remitted by mail at the risk of the sender.
0 Y
Professional Cards.
“ARSIIALL CHASE, Attorneys and Coun
sellocs at Law, CONCORD, N.H. Soldiers’
Back Pay, Bountg a.n& Pensions, procured, and other
Army and Navy Claims prosecuted.
ANSON S, MARSHALL, (Its) WILLIAM M. CHASE.
EO. STORRS BLANCIHARD, Attomeg and
Counsellor, and Notary Public, Exchange Block,
CONGORD, N. H. Its
J WARE BUTTERFIELD, Attorney and
o Counsellor at Law, Sticknay’s ﬁlock, CONCORD,
N. Hi Its
DR. A, H. CROSBY, Surgeon, Stlckn(g’s Block,
‘Opposite State House, CONCORD, N. H. Its.
DENTISTBY.
m CUMMINGS YOUNG,
Office—Phenix Block CONCORD,
wo doors south Phenix Hotel.
E. CUMMINGS, D. D. 8. (2-1 y G.A.YOUNG.
J‘ W.BARNEY, M. D., Concord, N,, H, Office
e with Dr. Crosby.
RESIDENCE Corner of Warren and Merrimack
Streets.
January 12, 1871, g
S L. SIMPSON, M. D., Sargeon and Phy
e sician. e
Office and Residence, 8% Main street, Concord,
N.H, 39-1 y
TO S T R T T LTI I S (i T LRI (RS TTIO S

Business Direetory.
JOHIN I. EASTMAN,
Dealer in
¢uns, Rifies, Fishing Tackle,
and Sporting Articles generally.
City Gun Store, CONCORD, 'N. I.
Guns gnd Rifles made to order, and all kinds or
Repa.irln{ done in the best manner. Orders by Ex
press wil roeceive careful attention. Its
JAMES STEVENS,
Real Estate Agent,
OPPOSITE THE DEPOT,
CONTOOCOOKVILLE, N. H.,
Calils attontion to the large amount of Real Estate in
bis hands, which is offered to purchasers at very
low rates. It consists of Farms, Village Resi- 1
dences,Pastures,Wood and Timber lots,etc.
WORKMANSHIP UNEQUALLI:;D.

Cirenlar and Mill Saws.
GAGE, PORTER CO.’S SAWS,
Manufactured at Fisherville, N. H., after many Eears’
use in all ‘)&rts of the country, are admitted to be the
BEST in the market.
Having made many improvements in their works,
they continue to manufacture the Best of Cast Steel
Sawsa, of all kinds. Also, Cast Steel Whiflletree
Springs, warranted sugerior to any in use.
Baws repaired in the best manner. Orders by mail
or express promptly answered.
CALVIN GAGE,
JOHN C. GAGE,
Fisherville, Jan. 17, 1871. 20tf ISAAC K. GAGE.
SEWING MACHINES.
IF your Sewing Machine wants cleaniuﬁor r%wairing,
send or brin'g' it to G, W, WILSON’S Kooms,
over Morrill Siisby’s Store, and bave it put in frst
rate condition at a mm})erate expense, 471
Cougord, May 14, 1870,
S. G ILANE

Real Estate Agent,
CONCORD, N. 11. 4-ts
PURE LIQUORS,
DOUBLY DISTILLED.
We constantly hold a LARGE STOCH of
the finest and purest liguors in the United
States. TWhiskeys--FMonongahela, Rye, and
Bourbon (J.Gibson’s Son Co.s brands,) Gins,
Brandies, Cherry Juice, Bitters, lEssences,
Port, Sherry, Claret and Madeira Wines
Refined Clder, Guinnesa’ Porter, &c.
HHAYES CO..
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
Manchester.
N. B.—lmporters of Bass’ Burton Ales, agents for
Caldwell’s Newburyport Rum, and Reuter g Alley’s
Ales, &c. Circulars sent on application. 1y26
MASSACHUSETTS

Mutual Life Insurance Comp'y,
SPRINGFIELD, MASS.
RiCE, Pres. F. B. BACON, Sec’y.
M. V. B. EDGERLY, Buperintendent of Agencies,
MANCHESTER, N. H.
This L'om?any is strictly Mutual, giving to its members
n equitable ratio, all the profits. Its assets are cve
-82.000.000.
Annuai Dividends hereafter on the Centribution Plan
thus urnishing Ineurance at exact cost.
J. 8, THOMPSON, Agent
e Conconi, N. I
Houses and Farms for Sale.
HOUSE Lots; Intervale; Plain; Wood and Tim
ber Lands, in Concord. Also, Farms in New
llamdpshire; Village Property; hﬁlfs, and Western
Lands for sale or exchange, by
J. B. BAND, Real Estate Broker,
EXCHANGE BUILDING, Concord, N. 11,
January 1, 1870, 28t
Breech Loadi
reech Loading Rifle
3
3

FOR SALE
A Breech Loading Rifle of the Frank Wes
son Patent. The Rn{ e was manufactured to order
at the celebrated manufactory of Frank Wesson,
Springfield, Mass., and stocked by John I. Eastman of
Concord, N’ H. Itis thoroughly finished in every par
ticular, Has been thoroufhly tested and is pronounced
by exPetts to be one of the most perfect breech
load nﬁ Rifles ever used in this State, not only
as rggnr thoroughness of finish, but accuracy of ex
ecution.
The Rifle weighs 7 pounds and carries a cartridge of
38-100 and is of desirable weight for all kinds of sport,
It was made for the use of a %f,nueman in this city,
and is sold only to be replaced by another of the same
manuficture with some slight changes in stock to
adapt it to his use.
PRICE $560.
Any person desiring A Splendid Rifle can exam:
ine the same by calling at the gtore of
Dﬁaler in Guus, Rifles and sporting materialsgen
erally.
.y MAIN STREET,
Concord, N. X.
WILSON
SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINES,
’l Iy

IR R P o~
e O PRICE,
I
1]
A 0 FORTY-FIVE
A 7 )X, DOLLARS.
SIMPLE, DURABLE AXD RELIABLE:
More important and_essential elements, embodied
in this celebrated machine than any other in the world.
Does every varieti‘ of work. Its Mechaniam is un
excelled. CERTIFICATE OF WARRANTY,
FOR FIVE YEARS furnished by the manufactur
?::Bwith each machine, secured by a half million dol-
ln'dncements offered worthy the careful considera
tion of capitalists.
Send for circulars and sample sewing.
AGENTS WANTED in unoccupied terirtory.
R. G. BELLAMY Co.,6en’l Ag'ts,
622 Washington street, BOSTON.
__S_ept. 16, 1871* 13-3m_
HARVEY, MORGAN (0.,
et LXSAT
Manufacture Lo order
PRESS PASSENGER
(OACHES, EX l
WAGONS.
And all etyles Buggies, Phaetons, Cabrioleis, and
g’retu. ?}:)nstanﬂy on lm.nd.rl e
Light and Livery n(?mugel, and Jump Seat
W €8
CONCOED, N. M.
J.O. HARVEY, R. M. MORGAN, O.P. MOORE.
e"o el AR 0Bi« S 5, R i S i
Mortice and Rim Locks
MADE BURGLAR PROOF BY
BEAN'S IMPROVED BURGLAR FOIL.
PRICE, FIFTEEN CENTS,
Sent b&mnil to any address on receipt of price, or
four for 50 cts, Agents wanted,
Address, R. E. BE‘Al{x
Btf Franklin, N. H.
YOLUME 4.
THE HOWE MACHINE (0.,
s 136
it o
B WASHINGTON STREET,
TRy
Boston.
.‘;J BRANCH OFFICE,
S YY) ~0. 161,
MAIN STREET, COLUMBIAN BLOCH,
CONCORD, N. H.
L
New Hampshire Savings Bank,
IN.CONCORD.
TH.[S BANK is receiving money on deposit, on
which it pays five per cent. per annum, free of
all Taxes.
&3~ Two Dividends of two and one-half per cent.
are made semi-annually each year, and interest is
computed for one quarter on prior dividends, in mak
ing succeeding dividends.
A& An Extra Dividend of thesurplus earnings
is made each five years.
Any further information will be furnished by
addressing the Treasurer.
2% Dioney received on Deposit, and paid
out on Check at sight, without interest.
Drafts for money, furnished for remittance.
Banking Rooms opposite the State House.
JOSEPH B. WALKER, President.
CHAS. W. SARGENT, Treasurer.
fConcord, Jan. 1, 1869. 29-ts
TIONA SAVINGS BANK,
TILTON, N. H.
ASA P. CATE, PRESIDENT.
WM. T. CASS, TREASURER. 50-6 m
Penacook Savings Bank,
Located at the Post Office,
FISHERVILLE, N. H.
DEPOSITS received from 5 cents to $5,000 60.—
Declares a dividend on the first day of October
of each year of b per cent.
Interest commences the first day of each month.
Deposits free from all taxes. An extra dividend of
the surplus earnings declared each two years,
Money received on deposit and tpaid out on check
at sight, without interest. Drafts for money furnish
ed for remittance. Office hours from 11 A. M., and
2to 43 P. M. HENRY H. BROWN, President.
SAMUEL F. BROWN, Treasurer. 9tf
MORRILL SILSBY,
PRINTERS, BINDERS,
AND STATIONERS,
AND DEALERS IN
Blank Books and Fancy Goods,
Central Block, Opposite the Depot,
CONCORD. 2-tt
F. 8. CRAWFORD,
o
BPBocolk Binder,
——AND—
Blank Book Manufacturer,
Statesman Building, corner Mzain and Depot Streets,
CONCORD, N. XK. 19t1
CENUINE
THHUHIRN AR
.‘:IA;NHF&'AI‘IE f_m_:D_FOE ’IEIE"I_‘R_ABE. ONLY, BY
“Trade
Mark.
D. ARTHUR BROWN CO.,
FISHERVILL!%,I[COXOORD] N. I,
y
Adams’ Ale House.
G. Il G. ADAMS,
Wholesale and Retail Dealers in Gaul’s, Flewm=
ming’s, Massey, Collins Co.’s, and
Cook’s
Stocikk Ales.
And Agents for Fisher’s Presont Use and Stock Ales.
Main Btreet, Oppoeite Phenix Hotel,
44-ts CONCORD, N. H.
Price IReduced!
GENUINE ELIAS HOWE
SEWING MAGHIRES,
SOLD FOR SSO AT
S. 6. NOYES’ VARIETY STORE,
FISHERVILLE, N. 11.
Watches, Clocks, Jewelry, Musicsl Instruments,
Books, Stationery, Faucy Goods, Confectionery, &c.
SECOND HAND SEWING MACHINES
for sale and to rent. 30 ts
R. LEWIS COEK,
AUCTIONEER,
WILL ATTEND TO ThHE
Sale of Real Estate and Personal Property,
Promptly, and on tile*gost reasonable terms.
i O W
AY.BO, ASSISTANCE RENDERED IN PRE
PARING AUCTION BILLS,
GRATUITOUSIQ(,* meN DESIRED.
All Orders,'by Mail :nm Ifxpress, addressed to
R.Lewis Coe, Centre Harbor, N.H.
WiLL RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION., 48-6 m
C A l
g
—AND—

Palmer’s Springs.
[IAVING a full stock of the above celebrated
Axles, we are prepared to furnish them in any
quantity; also, Wheel Rims, Spokes, lubs,
Seats, Bolts, Mall. Iron, and all other materials
used in the manufacture of Carniaﬁ%.
WARDE, HUMPHREY DODGE.
A LARGE AMOUNT OF
Real Estate for Saleor Exchange
Coneisting of Farms vnrﬁing in prices from SBOO
to £20,000,
Houses from SIOOO to SIO.OOO. House Lotz, Wood,
Timber, Pasture and Interval Lands. Also
Mills and Water Powers. For sale by
WM. G. ROGERS, E2eal Estate Ag’t,
PLYMOUTH, N. Xf. 38-ts
Samuel FEastman,
MAXUFACTURER OF
PPure Oal: Belting,
FIRE ENGINE HOSEH,
and all kinds of
Oak Hemloek Eiarness Leather,
also, Brace, Russet, Rein and Collar Leather.
R@rAll stock manufactured in a superior manner,
eﬂxecially for custom work, without the use of chemi
cals, or any guick or patent process of Tanning,
Bd“"ﬁ’, Hose, and Oalx Harness, made from
the best hiladelphia and Baltimore QOak
Leunther.
F-Orders solicited, and promptly filled by express
or mail.
SHOP IN REAR OF ROLLINS CO.S.
Highest prices paid for Hides, &c.
Concord Dec. 18, 1870, 26-ts
—_—
4
Blacksmith’s Stock and
.—*—-ﬁ 3
ME Tools
OF ALL KINDS,
7 7 SOLD BY
WARDE, DUMPHREY DODGE.
E. KNIGHT,
DEALER IN
Fine Watches, Jewelry, Silver

_Ware and Fancy Goods,
Opposite American House,
CONCORD, N. H.
Watches, Clocks and Jew carefully repaired
and warranted. elry psz
o
$240 in Sixc Weelks
Just cleared by one of our agents. More men
wanted to sell ‘‘Year of Battles,” or great War
between France and Germany, Splendidly illustrat
ed, Selling ra.pid‘lf.
Also, New and Beautiful uag‘cf U. 8. and
the World. New Me\lg of Vt. and N. H., just fin
ished. Together with Last Supper and Crucifix
ion Pictures.
Apply at once sor Azencsy if {ou want a good
business to D. L. GUERHSEY, Publisher and ﬁook
seller, Concord, N. H, 45-ts
o
Phenix Hotel,
CONCORD, N. H.
J.R.CROCKER,
PROPRIETOR.
Free Carriage to and from the Depot. e
Oct, 3, 1871, 15tf
THE PEOPIL.E
Poetic Gems.
A TRUE MAN.
Such was our friend. Formed on the good old plan—
A true and brave, and down_ﬂg{;t honest man
He blew no trumpet in the market glnce.
Nor in the church, wlthll‘ngocrito ce,
Supplied with cant the of Christian grace.
Loat.hh:geprretem he did with cheerful will
Whit others talked of while their hands were still{
And while “Lord! Lord!” the pious tyrants cried,
Who, in the poor, their Master crucified,
His daﬂt{ prayer, far better understood
In acts than words, was simply dotng good.
So calm, so constant was his rectitude
That by his loss alone we know his worth,
And feel how true a man has walked with us on earth,
W hittier.
S v —mee-—
IIOW COULD I BUT BE TRUE?
I had meant to say, if he came that way,—
Oh, a hostof careless thin%sl
But his eyes were bright, and his steps were light,
And my words had ta en wings.
With the hushful hour, and the closing flower,
And the grass blades wet with dew,
And the clear moon hl%h on the starry sky,
How could Ibe else but true?
And his s&eec.h was low, and so calm andslow,
And with such a conqluering tone,
That I could but know, in the.moonbeam’s glow,
That my secret was all his own.
*Twas the story old that his voice had told—
Butl sov:lght his eyes of blue,—
As I looked them through, if he read mine too,
Why shouldn’t my lips speak true?
1 had meant to hide, with a maiden’s pride,
All minblushes from his view;
What I knew he read from my bended head,
Could I say that he read untrue
SO, my gentle friend, let your chiding end,—
For the time may come to {on
That you’ve only power, in the fleeting hour,
Is just to tell somebody trne.
S ——————te
EMPTY ARMS.
God’s blessintg on the stalwart arms
That hold their labor duty,
And bear the burdens of the hour
With cheerfulness and beauty
All honor to the wming arms
That lift the poor and lowly,
And teach us by their kindliness
A lesson pure and holy!
And raptures for the ﬂowipg arms
That clasp, with lov ‘f sweetness,
A world of jo{ and tenderness
In beautiful completeness!
And rest unto the weary arms
That, after pining sadness,
Twine round our dear returning ones,
And thrill again with gladness!
But sorrow for the longing arms
Where hopes, like birds, have nested
God’s pity for dxe empty arms
Where darling ones have rested!
Romance.
Harvest Apples.
The letter said ‘‘come” and with a sigh of
relief I laid it upon the table before me, and
looked into the dusty streets.
I was a working woman in thecity of New
York. Whether I trimed bonnets for Ma
dame La Mode, measured off laces for ma
demoiselle, her daughter, kept books, read
proofs, set type, or even wrote editorials for
the Starry Host, isa matter of no counse
quence. Suffice it to say, I was tired. In
my dreams I babble of green fields.” I
longed for one long summer vacation of
freedom and rest. But where should I go?
Like Joanna Gayworthy, I found the world
‘‘too full of other people.” I wanted nature,
not men and women.
At length I bethought me of a distant
cousin, Hiram Gardner by name, who lived
in a low brown farm house away up among
the Green Mountains and forthwith I wrote
to him, asking him if he would receive me as
a boarder for three months, This letter was
the answer:
“Come right along, Cousin Winifred,” he
wrote, ‘‘and stay as long as you can make
yourself contented. Not as a boarder,
though. Thank God, lam not so poor as
to feel obliged to take monay from my own
kith and kin for a few weeks’ boarding and
lodging. My wife and Hope will be glad
to see you.”
So, in a flarry of delight, I packed my
trunk, telegraphed to Cousin Hiram, and in
two days’ time stood on the platform of the
depot at Highland, watching the receding
train as it thundered down the valley.
As for Hope—little Hope Gardner-—what
shall T tell you about her? Ihad my own
ideas about ‘‘country girls:” I obught of
sunburn and freckles, coarse hands and un
gainly feet, in that connection. But one
glance at Hope.as she stood in the flickering
shadows of the great elm that overhung the
low; wide, roomy house overthrew all my
preconceived opinions. Eyes that were of
the very tint of the voilets I loved—hair that,
guiltless of crimving pins, fellin great gold
en waves below her waist, and there coiled
itself up in a profusion of tiny curls; brow
sp fair that you saw the net work of blue
veins at the temples; cheeks softly tinted
with a wild-rose bloom; face of a delcate
oval, redeemed from gentle insipidity by
the sweet cut firmness of the well cut lié)s,
and by eyebrows and lashes many shades
darker than the hair; slight girlisﬁ figure,
clad in a simple, graceful costume that would
have passed unchallenged anywhere. Such
was the picture that greeted my eyes as
Cousin Hiram’s pair of handsome grays
swept rouné the corner, and Hope came for
ward to meet me.
Before many weeks had passed I began
to discover the trail of the serpent in my
newly found Eden. I had thought my Cous
in Hiram one of the most favored of mortals;
but Mordecai sat at the king’'s gate, and the
soul of Haman was troubletf.
It was the old, old story—older than the
days of the Montagues and Capulets—almost
as old as the days of Adam and Eve. There
had been first ambitions and rivalries, then
harsh words and bitter recriminations, ha
treds and revenges. Now all had settled
down into a deep and silent enmity. Hiram
Gardner and Thomas Remington lived upon
adjoining farms; could have clasped hands
across the narrow aisle as they sat in their
pews on Sunday met each other daily in
streets, at the post-office, in the market place.
But they never spoke, neverrecognizeff each
other by glance or sign. Yet they were
both good men men who should have loved
‘each other. Perhaps deep down in either
heart there was a regret for the past, a long
ing for. reconciliation. Perhaps if either one
had been unfortunate or in distress, the oth
er might be willing to be the first to bury
the hatchet and smoke the calumet of peace.
But both were prosperous, both were honor
ed and the demon of pride kept them apart,
ruling their natures with a rod of iron.
Yet a faint line across the meadows show-
ed where a well worn foot-path had once
run faom doorway to doorwa{'i
I think that ng coming to Highland was
a pleasure to Hope. Perhaps it brought
some element into her quiet life that was
needed there. But after the first excitement
of my arrival had died away, and I had in
sensibly glided from the position of guest in
to that of member of the family, I began to
E‘erceive that all was not well with her.
here was at times a look of pain and long
ing in her ely]'es. There were drooping
curves about her sweet lips even when she
smiled. There was a nervous unrest about
‘her, and she flew from emtﬁloyment to em
ployment as if to escz:ipe ought. I noticed
‘that when these moods were upon her, her
V oty i
mother watched her furtively, and her fa
ther's brow darkened strangely. Yet his
manner toward her was inexpressibly tender.
She was, indeed, the very apple of his eye
—this Hope” that had been born to him
after all his other children had been laid un
der the sod.
I shall not go to church to-day,” said Cous
in Rhoda, one Sunday morning. ‘‘Melissa’s
mother is not well, and I have told her she
mayNgo home.”
‘“Neither shall I go,” said Cousin Hiram.
1 sprained my wrist yesterday, and it is
growing very painful.”
““Let us walk, then, Cousin Winifred,”
said Hope, her eyes briihtening. “We can
go ‘across lots,’ and it shortens the distance
by half.”
Nothing could have suited me better, and
we were soon on our way. No flower that
bloomed in the meadow or down by the
winding river banks was fairer or sweeter
than Hope Gardner that day. All the fresh
ness, the purity, the sweetness, the repose
of that still Sabbath morning seemed embod
ied in her.
The minister wasreading the first hymn,
when a firm, quick tread sounded up the
aisle. Even before I had time to think I felt
a sudden shiver in the arm that lay against
mine, and saw the hand that held one-half
of the hymn book tremble. A remarkablg
fine looking young man passed by and too
a seat in the pew just in front of us, on the
other side of the aisle. Itwas Mr. Reming
ton’spew.
Impelled by I know not what subtile in
stinct of womanly sympathy, I glanced at
CONCORD, N. H.,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1871.
Hope from behind my veil, expecting to see
recisely what I did see—evidences of pro-
Pound emotion. A quick pallor drove all‘
the color from her face for an instant; then
the rich blood swept back again, and her
cheeks grew crimson. Eet
She scarcely glanced at the new comer,
but kept her eyes fixed upon old Dr. Mer
rill apparently absorbed in his thirdlys and
fourthlys. As soon as the benediction was
ronounced, however, she took my arm
East,ily and pressed forward toward the
door.
If she was anxious to escape {rom any
one, to elude any one, her design was de
feated. There was a crowd near the E@p@ﬁ
and our progress was obstructed. "As we
waited in the porch I felt a %esence behind
us, and a low voice that could scarcely have
reached less sensitive ears whispered,
“Look at me, Hope! Speak to me!
Give me one word, for God’s sake
She clung to my arm with a close clasp,
trembling like a leaf. For one instant her
face grew raidant as she lifted her eyes to
meet the passionate glances that sought her
own so eagerly. But she spoke no word.
He leaned forward, with another whisper
upon his lips. Suddenly she turned with an
air ot decision.
“Cousin Winifred—Miss Ethridge—this
is Mr. Willard Remington#e. 757>
Ibowed: the gentleman bowed. Then
the crowd broke and parted at the steps,
and we all went our several ways.
Hope wept silently half the way home,
and I walked, statue like, beside her. At
last I could bear it no longer.
What is it, Hope I asked. ‘“Tell me
all about it, dear.”
Oh, there is nothing to tell!” she said,
wearily. “Only I'am very wretched, and
so is—somebody else.”
Of course. It was merely another old story.
Romeo and Juliet this time. It was not
necessary to ask the cause of the trouble. I
knew it to well already.
¢ls this Mr. Thomas Remin;frton’s son
I asked to make assurance doubly sure.
““Yes.” And after a little she told me all
there was to tell how they loved each other
for years in boy and girl fashion long be
fore this dreadful feud arose; how, as boy
and girl they had given each other up on ac
count of the family trouble; how Williard
went West to seek, his fortune as a lawyer:
how both imaainad that 2 oo T
the early iove, and -thaf th il
were healed how he had o hope agem
ago; and how tiie Hrst iwd, the first lok
exchanged beiween thera, had revivified the
old affection, sand proved to them Zhat
instead o©f dyiug 1t nad. been gaining
strength through all these silent years. But
it was of no use, she said: they could never
marry. And now Willard had come on
again, when it was only torture to bhoth of
them to meet, and she did not know how
she could bear it.
After that, day by day I watched the
struggle that was going on in Hope Gardner’s
heart—a struggle under which she grew
pale and still and, cold. I knew that:the
lovers met some times in the little summer
house at the foot of the garden, or down by
the river-side. So persistent a wooer as this
new Romeo could hardlg fail to bring about
as much as that. Yet the stolen interviews
brought little of joy to either of them, if one
could judﬁe of the weary eyes and yet still
Ifl'ace that Hope always brought back with
er.
One night I waylaid Cousin Hiram as he
was coming in from the orchard. He look
ed worn and depressed. Indeed, a shadow
rested on the whole house,
“Were you coming in?” I asked. *II
was just going up to the ‘Spreading Tree,’
to see if the harvest apples were ripe.”
Not yet I guess,” he said, turning about,
‘“but I'll go with you. Apples are E‘ué this
year,” he added, reflectively.
The large tree, renowned for its wide
spreading branches, was laden with fruit
even to its topmost bough—great balls of
green and gold, that were slowly reddening
in the sunshine.
Hard as Rock Dunder,” said my com
panion, making a slight indentation upon
one of them with his thumb. They will
not be fully ripe in a fortnight.”
I had not lured him there, out of sight of
the house, to talk about apples.
Cousin Hiram,” said I, suddenly, while
my heart seemed to spring to my throat—
‘“Cousin Hiram, do you know that Hope
loves Willard Remington
I was frightened before the words had
fairly passed my ligs. I had broached, I
well knew, a tabooed subject. People were
not in the habit of talking to Hiram Gard
ner about the ReminFtons. I ventured one
glance at his face. It was stern and dark,
and his breath came in quick, labored gasps.
Presently he turned on his heel, and was
about to leave me. But, having put my
hand to the plough, it was not my nature to
look back. I ran after him, and repeated
my (i)uestion.
Pshaw he said, tossing an apple into
the air with the toe of his boot, that’s all
over long ago. There was some nonsense
‘or other between them when they were chil
‘dren, I believe.”
You believe! Do you not know, Cousin
Hiram, that Hope loves him te-day
Well,what is to be done about it? What
if she does?” he asked, turning upon me
like a lion at bay. ¢Do you suppose I can
ever humble myself enough to give my
daughter to that man’s son? I'd see her die
first! I'd sce her die first! But there’s no
danger; girls don’t die of broken hearts,
exceßt in novels.”
Do not be too confident, Cousin Hiram,”
Isaid. Can younot see thatsheis dying?
I do not say that you will be compelled to
lay her under the sod this year-or next.
Something will be left, probably, that will
move about your house in a pale, still way;
something that will work, and speak some
times, and—suffer; something with sad,
v.éary eyes, and an air of hopeless patience.
But your Hope, your bright, joyous, lovingf}
child, your sunbeam, your song-bird, wil
be dead—dead as her brothers and sisters in
the grave yard yonder
He shivered from head to foot, that soft,
balmy summer night, and his mouth worked
in a sudden spasm of pain. But I went on
pitilessly
It is killing her mother too: can you not
see? Can you not see how her eyes follow
Hope, how she grieves over her, how her
own cheek pales whenever Hope’s grows
white, how—"
Stop he cried. ¢Do you think I am
blind, Winifred, or a fool? Do you think I
am in this position from mere willfulness
But women can never look at things from a
man’s stand point. How can I heg) myself
I don’t want to mar Hope’s life, I don’t want
to make her wretched; yet what can be
done? I can't undo the work of the last
seven years, and I can’t let Hope marry the
son of the only man on earth, I verily be
lieve, who hates me—and whom I gate.
That’s the long and the short of it, Wini
fred. We're in a bad fix, but it can’t be
helped.”
But you don’t hate Willard
No—l like him. He’s a fine, manly
young fellow sure to make his mark in the
world, it he is a Remington. I have no
fault to find with him.”
‘Then, oh, Cousin Iliram—" I began.
But he interrupted me, laying a heavy hand
upon my arm.
There mo use talking, Winifred. You
can tell me nothing that I do not know al
ready. lam as sorry for all this as you can
be. Ts not Hope my own child? Butl am
a man, and I cannot go back on myown
record. I never shall consent to this” mar
riaEe, unless some voice speaks to me out of
‘a thunder cloud and says ‘Do it.’”
A sudden thought struck me as I glanced
up at the laden bouﬁhs of the apple tree.
*Then if a miracle was wrought in their
favor, your pride might be persuaded to
yield I said, doubtless with a little tinge
of bitterness.
He answered, angrily
When a sifn is sent to me me direct
from Heaven, I'll give Hope to Willard Rem
ington, but not before.”
I sat up late that night; but early the next
morning, when the gray dawn was just
brightening in the east, I stole softly past
Hope’s door, down the stairs, opened the
hall door as silently as a dream, and flew
down the garden path and over the wall in
to the orchard.
For some days things went on from bad
to worse. One evening Hope threw a light
cloud over her head, and wandered off to
ward a little clump of hemlocks down by
the falls. I knew well enough where she
was goin%, and what she was going for.
Probably her father knew also. %out if so,
he did not interfere. He could trust her.
I was in the hall when she came in. Her
face was white as marble, and just as set 1
and cold. Her eyes were tearless, but heavy
and bloodshot. She went up stairs to her
room, and I went to mine. She had never
spoken to me of Willard Remington sinee
that Sunday at church, and T respected her
silence.
The next day, at the Post-office, I heard
that he had gone back to his Western life.
This was %‘uesda The next Thursday
we were all out in t{e porch, when a neigh
bor, who was going by, stopped for a chat,
leaning with both arms upon the gate.
““By-the-bye,” he said, ‘“have you heard
of the accident on the New York Central?
“Cars ran off a bridge into fifteen feet of wa
ter, and third of the passengers were kill
ed. William Remington was on board, and
t.hef say he is among the missing.
Hope raised one hand to her head, with a
faint scream, and fell to the floor as if aball
had piereed her heart.
We carried her into the house and laid her
upon the bed in her mother’s room. It was
an hour before she gave signs of returning
consciousness. Then, when the pale lips
began to quiver a little, and there was a
slight tremulous motion of the eyelids, Cou
sin Rhoda said, in a hushed voice
Go away now, both of you. When she
comes to she will want {o see no face but her
mother’s. Hiram Gardner, if your pride has
killed our child, may God forgive you
We went out of the back door,and follow
ed the little foot-path that led to the orchard
till we stood under the tree where the har
vest apples were fast crimsoning. Cousin
Hiram’s face was very grave.
Winifred,” he said, *“I wonder if the
sign from Heaven was sent to me lon% ago,
and my blind eyes could not see it? This is
too much like the voice out of the thunder
cloud.”
I passed round to the other side of the
tree, apparently looking for fallen fruit, and
waited for him to follow me, which he did
presentl]);. 3
““Look there, Cousin Hiram!” 1 said,
tremblingly, while my face flushed. ‘‘Look
there
Look where he asked. *‘l donot sce
anfthing.”
took a long stick from the ground and
pointed to a great erimson apple that swung
from the nearest bough, yet far above our
heads. .There in :t'ers of pale green
upon ruby ground, were the words, “Wil
ard” Lo e
Hea sinrtes “My God! Wini
frod, whet does thet mean?” And the man’s
NP3 Wele WiIHiLo a 8 35168
‘lt means,” 1 wuswered, perhaps with
lips as colorless as his, for the very depths
of my being were stirred—¢‘it means that if
‘Willard is alive he belongs to Hope, and you
have no right to keep them apart.”
For full five minutes he stood beside me
with his'face buried in his hand. Then he
looked up, with a faint smile playing about
his resolute lips.
There is some hocus-pocus about this,
Winifred. We don’t have miracles in the
nineteenth century. However, I accept the
omen. lam going over to Mr. Remington’s
to ask if Willard was on the train, or if he
has been heard from. Don't touch that ap
ple.”
An hour afterward Cousin Hiram came
home, and walked straight through the sit
ting-room into the bed-room where Hope
still lay with closed eyes, speechless, mo
tionless—a white statue that scarcely breath
ed. He bent down and kissed her lips.
T have been over to Mr. Remington’s,
Hope,” he said. Willard has just tele
graphed. He was not on the train. Open
your eyes, my child, and look at me. Iwant
you to send this apple to Willard, and tell
him it means that you belong to him and he
to you.”
She just kissed him that was all.
Three years afterward I went up to High
land to meet Hope, who was home on a vis
it. We were all out under the spreading
apple-tree.
Now tell us all about it, Winifred,” said
Cousin Hiram. “I know you can explain
the mystery of the apple if you choose.”
No,” I answered, laughing “that would
spoil all the romance. But if you ever want
a miracle performed in behalf of your little
granddaughter here, all you have to do is to
§IVO me a sharp pair of scissors, some tissue
paper, and a few drops of mucilage.”
One thing more,lreckon,” added Cousin
Hiram. ¢‘ln my opinion you would need a
half-ripe harvest apple.”—Harpers’ Weekly.
General Miscellany.
HIGH-HEELED BOOTS, OHINESE FEET AND
OROOKED SHINS.
It is worthy of note that while a malig
nant hatred of Chinese, individually, is fo
mented under cover of hostilit}y to their im
mig:atiou, our females have fallen in love
with Chinese costumes and customs, in some
respects, and accepted them as models. The
pictures of Chinese ladies, to which one has
been accustomed for many years, bears a
close resemblance to the American belle of
the present day. The repulsive hump, the
crippled feet, and the mincing gait of our
women, if they do not fortify the Darwini
an theory of the origin of the species from
monkeys, at least give the appearance of
retrogading monkey-wards. The dress, un
couth and deformirg as it is, would not of
itself deserve notice; but the high heels,
crippling the feet and distorting 518 limbs,
are an outrage of grace and anatomy, on
humanity, entitling the authors, could they
be detected, to criminal responsibility. A
convention of corn-doctors, in the interest
of their trade, could not devise a scheme for
ﬁood times. Women whose pedals are so
idified may escape with only corns, of which
we hope and pray they may have a full and
tender crop. But that a whole generation
of little girls should have their toes jammed
into the points of their boots, to do the work
of heels, and their legs should be thrown
out of the natural balance, and the plient
bones bent into semi-circles, is a sacriﬁ‘::e to
fashion which would disgrace a nation of
Hottentots. Should the wicked custom hold
a few years, there will not be a decent foot,
or an wsthetic leg in the female population,
except among washer-women and the like.
And all this is a trifle compared with the
mischief done to the pelvis, spine, and chest,
by the constrained attitude which the ab
normal elevation of the heel must ol neces
sity induce. Fashion is at best a cruel
tyrant; but the whole history of her capri
cious rule does not exhibit a grosser viola
tion of natural laws, and a more unpardona
ble assault on the beauty and health of
woman, than the invention of high-heeled
boots.—Pacific Medical Journal.
HOW TO BE POLITE.
Do not try too hard to be polite.
Never overwhelm your friends by beg
ging them to make themselves at home, or
they will soon wish they were there. Show
by your actions rather than your words that
you are glad to see them.
Have enough regard for yourself to treat
your greatest enemy with quiet politeness.
All petty slights are merely meanness, and
hurt yourself more than any one else.
Do not talk about yourself or your family
to the exclusion of other topics. What if
you are clever, and a little more so than
other people, it may not be that other folks
will think so, whatever they ought to do.
It may be interesting to you to talk over
your ailments, but very tiresome for others
to listen to.
Make people think you consider them
clever and agreeable, and they will be pret
ty apt to have a pleasant impression of
yourself.
Treat people just as you would like to
have them treat you.
It is much easier to lose the good opinion
of peoplethan to regain it; and when any
one does not care for the good o?inion of
others, he or she is not worthy of respect.
Do not excuse your house, furniture, or
the table you set before your guests. It is
fair to suppose that their visits are to you,
not to your surroundings.
The whole machinery of social intercourse
is very delicate and intricate, and it is our
business to keep all places of possible fric
tion well supplied with the oil of politeness.
—G@ermantown Telegraph.
bl g A
—The Chicago Post doesn’t give up the
cow, as observe:
‘““There was a bovine of Chicago,
She made up her mind to let law go;
This wicked 'old tramp
Kicked over a lamp,
And awav on the winds weant Chioaen
BLACK TEA.
Probably one of the most curious and in
teresting features connected with black tea
manufacture in China, says the Food Jour
nal, is the fact that newly-plucked leaves
apparently possess neither that aromatic bit
ter and astringent taste, nor the fragrant
odor characteristic of the finished article;
these valuable idiosyncrasies being evidently
developed, or, at least, rendered prominent,
during the process of manipulation. Anoth-1
er notable point is that different qualities
may be prepared from the same plucking or
harvest of leaveß, which, by wvaried treat
ment, can be converted at pleasure into
black, semi-fermented, or green tea. Itis
by a lengthened exposure of the leaves to
the air and sun, accompanied by fermenta
tion and gradual roasting and firing, that
the distinguishing color and flavor are de
veloped in black tea; quick scorching and
rolling without fermentation or exposure,
but w%th the addition ot more or less color
ing pigment, producing the desired appear
ance of green; while some exgosure in the
open air and in the withering chamber yield
the varieties known as Oolong, Souchong,
&c., and in India as Namunna teas. The
reason of this becomes obvious when the
chemistry of the operations is considered.
According to Dr. Steinhouse, the tannin of
tea leaves is associated with a small quanti
ty of gallic acid, affording a blue-black pre
cipitate with iron salts. Tea-leaf tannin
being a glucoside, when united with a ferric
salt and applied to animal membrane, ex
erts a similar influence to oak bark in pro
ducing leather; and, in common with other
tannins, it exhibits a.remarkable thirst for
oxygen, especially in presence of a metallic
base. Now, experience has tanght the Chi
nese that the presence or absence of iron ab
sorbed from the soil and imprisoned in the
tissues of the tea plant is a matter of so
much importance in influencing their deci
sion as,to whether the crop shall be convert
ed into black or green tea, that a departure
from the rule, at first founded on observa
tion and latterly confirmed by chemical re
search, is never attended with good results,
but is usually followed by disappointment.
Thus, although a portion of the same har
vest, when dried and roasted quickly, (})ro
duces a green tea, and when subjected to
protracted exposure, fermentation, and ma
nipulation a black tea,superiority as to qual
ity in either cannot be attained unless the
preparation be judiciously modified or re
versed in view of the presemce or absence of
iron in the leaves. In other words, where
the soil is destitute of or deficient in ferric
salts, the leaves produced are made into
green tea; where iron abounds, the Chinese
manufacture black tea. Accordin?y, trav
elers mention it as a prominent feature of
the Moning or black tea districts that chaly
‘beate springs are plentiful, and the highly
ferruginous nature of even the surface soil
‘indicates an excess of iron not usually met
with in those localities devoted to green tea.
Where this peculiarity is less evident, as in
the plantations around Foochow, it is found
that their produce is so modified in color by
the smaller amount of iron present as to
have earned for itthe distinctive name of
red leaf tea.” In India the same ferrugin
ous element must be coaxed into usefulness
when present, and in its absence a modified
formula adopted hence it is on account of
the paucity of iron in the soil that it has
been recommended always to convert the
{))roduce of Kangra, Tukvar, Kurisong,
ehra Dhoon, anc% some parts of Darjeeling
into green tea.
The distinguishing process through which
black tea passes, but from which green tea
is exempt, in fermentation, which produces
marked changes in the constituents of the
leaves. When the process is over done, so
that portion of the tannin is converted into
free gallic acid, the tea is found to have ac
quired amore or less acid flavor,and in con
sequence its worth is materially depreciated.
To the valuer, or dealer possessed of fine
taste and keen sense of smell, there is no
flavor more objectionable than this; accord
ingly, samples which exhibit slight acidity,
or even a tendency in that direction, are un
hesitatingly priced at from four pence to six
pence per pound less than would otherwise
be the case, although they may represent
most attractive teas in every other respect.
In order to prevent all risk of sourness
(which was tllx)e unfortunate characrerisuc or
the tea produced in some Indian gardens
until within. the last few years), it has been
recklessly suggested that fermentation
should be wholly abandoned: But this rash
proposal, if ever seriously entertained, could
only be adopted at the sacrifice of that deli
cious fragrance and grateful aroma which
distinguish China tea, and in which most In
dian growths are lamentably deficient.
ANCIENT DOOUMENTS.
Joseph Barnard, Esq., of Hopkinton, who
has in his possession the papers of his grand
father who lived and died upon the same
place now in possession of Mr. Barnard,
furnishes us with two relics of the olden
time. One is a deed taken on the purchase
of a negro, and the other is an indenture
binding an apprentice for a term of years.
Mr. Barnard informs us that the negro re
ferred to was one of the two only slaves
ever held in the town:
DEED OF A NEGRO.
Know all men by these Bresents that I,
Ruth Currier, relict of John Currier, late of
Kin%ston, in the State of New Hampshire,
in New England, deceased, for and in
consideration of the sum of twenty-seven
pounds, L. M., to me in hand before
delivery hereof, well and truly paid by
Joseph Barnard, of Hopkinton, in the
State of New. Ham‘(f)shire, aforesaid, the
receipt whereof I do acknowledge, have
%iven, granted, bargained and sold, and by
these presents do give, grant, bargain, sell
convey and confirm unto the said Joseph
Barnard, his heirs and assigns forever, a
‘certain negro man named Seco, aged about
}thirty-six years of age. Said negro was
‘given to me in the last will and testement of
my late husband, John Currier, late of
Kingston, deceased.
To have and to hold the said negro to him,
the said Joseph Barnard, his heirs and as
signs, to his and their only proper use and
benefit forever. And I, the said Ruth Cur
rier, for myself, my heirs, executors and ad
ministrators, do hereby covenant, grant and
agree to and with the said J osef)h Barnard,
his heirs and assigns, that, until the delivery
hereof, I am the lawful owner of the said
negro, and am lawfully seized and possessed
of him in my own rights in fee simple, and
have full power and lawful authority to
grant and convey him in manner aforesaid,
and that I and my heirs, executors, and ad
ministrators, shall and will warrant the said
negro to the said Barnard, his heirs and as
signs, against the lawful claims and com
mands of any person or persons whomso
ever.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set
my hand and seal, this twenty-ninth day of
March, Annoque Domini, 1;1’177.
er
RUTH CURRIER.
mark.
Signed, sealed and delivered in prescnce
of us,
Erwan CroucH,
PrEBE CURRIER.
The form of an indenture for binding out
apprentices one hundred years ago.
This indenture, made the sixteenth day of
March, one thousand seven hundred and
sixty-nine, between William Parker, Esq.,
Joseph Eastman and David Tilton, yeomen,
Selectmen of the East Parish, in Kingston,
in the Province of New Hampshire of the
‘one part, and Joseph Barnard, of Amesbury,
in the County of Essex and Province of the
Massachusetts Bay, yeoman, of the other
part. Witnesseth that the said Selectmen by
‘and with the assent of two of his majesty’s
‘Justices of the Peace for the Province of New
Hampshire aforesaid, whose names are here
unto written,have putoutand bound Ebenezer
Blaisdell,a poor child of the said East Parish,
the said goseph Barnard, for and during
the term of thirteen years from the date
hereof, fully to be com&)lete and ended, dar
ing which time the said apprentice his said
master faithfully shall serve, his secrets
keeg, his lawful commands everywhere
gladly to do, and in all things behave him
self as a faithful servant ought to do; at
cards and dice and other unlawful games he
shall not play, taverns he shall not haunt,
fornieation he shall not commit, nor matri
mony contract, nor absent himself from the
service of his said master without his mas
ter’s leave. And the said Joseph Barnard
doth herebhv eaovenant and engage for him-
NUMBER 20.
self, his executors and administrators, to and
with the said Selectmen and their successors,
that he will teach and instruct the said ap
prentice the art or science of a husbandman,
which he now uses, with all things belong
ing thereunto, or cause him to be well and
sufticiently taught and instructed therein
after the best way and manner he can, and
will also learn him, the said apprentice, to
read and write, and cypher as far as is suf
ficient to keep such a tradesman’s book of
accounts, and that he will also find and allow
unto the said ap(flrentice meat, drink, wash
ing, lodging and apparel and all other nec
essaries in sickness and health suitable and
convenient for such an apprentice during
the term aforesaid, and at the expiration of
said term shall and will give the said appren
tice one entire new suit *of apparel from
head to foot, inclusively (over and above his
then clothing), as is suitable for such an ap
prentice. In witness whereof the said par
ties have hereunto set their hands and seals
interchangeably the day and year above
written WM. PARKER, Jr. [L.s.]
JOSEPH EASTMAN. (L s.
DAVID TILTON. [L. si
Signed, sealed and delivered in presence
of
WiLLram Parsons,
Narn’t BacHELLOR.
On the reverse of the instrument is the
following endorsement
Province of New Hampshire: We, the
subscribers, two of his majesty’s Justices of
the Peace for said Province, hereby manifest
our assent to the within.
JEREMY WEBSTER.
JOSIAH BARTLETT.
BETTER IMAGINED THAN DESCRIBED.
The feelings of a near-sighted man who
{ix:ids he has kissed his han§ to the wrong
ady. a
The finding your pocket beok gone just
as you are about leaving a strange hotel,
with no time to spare to reach the train.
The rapidity with which fancy stocks de
cline when you go in, and rise when you sell
out.
The sensation from a lady’s boot heel
(present style) when she steps on your foot
accidentally.
The prices charged at souie hotels on the
European style.”
The skill with which the gentlemanly
bar keeper gives the wrong change.
Getting on horseback for the first time in
your life.
l'}‘he amount of your gas and plumbing
bills.
Your mother-in-law’s remarks if you do
not go to the mountains or sea-shore during
the season.
The being asked by a person at an even
ing party, with whom you are acquainted,
but whose name you canrot recollect to in
troduce him to your friend, Miss Smuggins,
who is coming towards you.
FLASHES OF WIT.
—A Boston paper says the best way to
improve the lot of woman is to put a good
house on it and a good man in the house.
—We won’t believe anything we hear of
a lady’s kiss unless we have it g'om her own
mouth.
—One who wishes the world to know
what he knows about farming says, the
hbest way to raise strawberries is with a
spoon.
—Punch has the following:—A capital
answer Self-made man examining a school,
of which he is a manager—‘ Now, boy,
what'’s the capital of 'Olland ?”"—Boy—** An
H, sir.”
Have I not aright to be saucy, if I
please asked a young lady of an old
bachelor. Yes, if you please, but not if
you displease,” was the answer.

HIBERNIANISMS.
—An Irishman quarreling with an English
man told him that if he didn’t hold his
tongue he would break his impenetrable
head and let the brains out of his empty
skull.
bt Avvahy Paty-and why did 1T marry yeo?
Just tell me that? for it's myself that’s had
to maintain ye ever since the blessed day
that father O’Flannagan sent me home to
yer house.” Swate jewel,” replied Pat,
not l'elishing the charge, And it’s myself
that hopes I may live to see the day when
ye're a widow weeping over the cold sod
‘that covers me; then, by St. Patrick, I'll
'see how ye get along without me, honey.”
SPARKS OF WISDOM.
—Wisdom is the talent of buying virtu
ous pleasure at the cheapest rate.
—Prefer loss before unjust gain; for that
brings griet but once; this, forever.
—Poverty, like other bullies,is formidable
only to those who show that they are afraid
of it.
—YVirtue, though in rags, may challenge
more than vice set off with the trim of
greatness.
—He who gives advice to a self-conceited
man stands himself in need of counsel from
another.
—Wit should be used as a shield for de
fence rather than as a sword to wound
others.
-—He cannot speak well that cannot hold
his tongue.
—Most controversies would soon be end
ed if those engaﬁed in them would first ac
curately define their terms, and then rigidly
adhere to their definitions.
—lt is evident that the most worthy
efforts fail, while the worst succeed. This
fact alone ought to show the folly of basin%
an estimate of character on a superficia
reckoning of results. _
—We learn wisdom from failure more
than from success; we often discover what
will do by finding out what will not do, and
he who never made a mistake never made
a discovery.
New Books.
We have received from Osgood Co. the
following books
A complete edition of The Poetical
Works of Alfred Tennyson, Poet Laureate.”
We da not see how it is possible to have the
complete works of Tennyson in a more com
pact form than this. Three hundred and
four pages, double column, in fine but clear
type, give us all the poetical works of this
world-renowned writer, so that there is no
excuse now for anyone to be ignorant of
these productions of one of the master
minds of the present century. Its low price,
seventy-five cents, brings it within the reach
of almost every one in the reading publie.
The cover of this edition of Tennyson has a
very attractive look, being somewhat in the
medieval style.
A few weeks since we noticed a book call
‘ed Behind the Veil.” Here is one by the
'same author, with the title of “Six Months
Hence.” It is a powerfully written book,
but we do not like it as well as Behind the
Veil.” Six Months Hence” is more start
ling in its incidents, more dramatic in its
tone. It is of absorbing interest, and who
ever takes it up will not readily put it down
till the last scene is enacted, and the curtain
falls. It has a large amount of reading in
it, being composed of one hundred and nine
ty-five pages of double column, and its price
is seventy-five cents.
Tuarn we from novels to sermons, a reli
gious turn, and one of which many persons
who have a horror of novels will cordially
approve. v
For monthe, Osgood Co. have been pub
lishing every Monday a sermon preached
the day before in the Park Street Church, by
Rev. W. W.. H. Murray. Four of those ser
mons now lig before us. They have been
preached to.crowded houses, and now, scat
tered broadeast over our land, will be silent
preachers to hundreds and theneands whao
have never heard the sound of Mr. Murray's
voice. They are characterized by great vig
or of thought and -carnestness of pur
pose, and speak home to the intellect and to
{the heart. We understand these sermons
are now issued in one volume, which will be
gladly welcomed by the admirers of Mur
ray’s genius and theological views.
and now let us go back again to fietion,
‘and spesk of Handsome Lawrence,” the
‘sequel to A Rolling Stone,” which we no
ticed a few wceks ago. It is translated
from the French of Madame Sand by Carroll
Owen. Handsome -awrence” is rather
more interesting than A Rolling Stone.”
Its adventures are, we were giing to say,
more varied, but upon second thomght, we
are not sure that they are, but they ar of a
different kind. The deseription of the ship«
wreck and of the hardships. on the desert
island upon which the theatrical troupe was
cast is truly of dramatic power. Itisa se
ries of word-pictures, complete in all their
parts. Our edition of “Handsome Law
rence” is in paper cover, and has one hun
dred and twenty-two pages in excellent
type, and in double colamn, and costs just a
half dollar.
Here is another French book, but of a dif
ferent nature; a novel, but treating of dif
ferent characters from those depicted in
“Handsome Lawrence.” This is The
Member for Paris,” and is a tale of the
second empire. The name of the author is
not given, except that after the title is add
ed, “By Trois Etoiles,” (literally, ‘three
stars.”) .Whether these stars revolve in a
masculine or feminine orbit we are left to
find out for ourselves. ‘‘The Member for
Paris” tells us some hard things of the Na
poleonic empire that he chronicles, and if
all these things are true, it would” seem to
be right and just that the leader of that em
pire should have met with an overthrow.
The book is written with vigor of thought
and of diction, and will be found full of in
terest to the reader. Like two or three oth
ers we have mentioned lately, it has a great
deal of reading matter in it, having two
hundred and six pages, with the inevitable
double column, and its price is seventy-five
cents.
Here is a book that will make a noise in
the world, or we are mistaken. Its title is
Joshua Marvel,” and it is written by B. L.
Farjeon, a new name in the literary world,
to us. He is the author of Gris,” which is
also unknown to us, but we think we have
somewhere heard that Gris” has many of
the characteristics of the incomparable Dick
ens. Joshua Marvel is a marvelous book, to
play a little upon the name. It out of the
ordinary run of the novels of the present
day.
A romance by itself is the tender love that
existed between Joshua and Dan, the lame
boy, who had such a remarkable power over
the “‘feathered songsters of the air” that he
could teach them to sing and whistle almost
any time. Joshua, ¢“born of poor but re
spectable parents,” tired of the uneventful
routine of his home, and left it at quite an
early age to seek his fortune upon the sea
and in foreign climes. What these adven
tures were, and what befell his friends at
home, will be found out by reading the book.
This will take some time, as it ha s two hun
dred and twenty-two pages of clear type,
and, of course, of double column. Our
edition is neatly bound, and its price is one
dollar and a quarter, though we have seen
one in paper cover for seventy-five cents.
All of these books are for sale by D. L.
Guernsey Co.
The first number of the third volume of
Scribner’s Monthly is on our table. It has
an interesting table of contents, full of vari
ety, grave and gay, prose and poetry, solid
and light reading, that will commend it to
all classes of readers. It promises us inthe
December number a poem from a writer
who has just sprung up 1n the literary circles,
t.ht")ugh by no means young in years. He
has lived so secluded a life in old England,
and has known so little of the literary stars
that have shown in the present horizon, that
those poets who have sung sice the days of
Milton, Dryden and Pope are almost entire
ly unknown to him. He is, indeed, the Rip
Van Winkle of song, and has awakened to
a new world. His name is IHake, and he is
represented as a wonderful kind of a genius.
We shall look for his poem with no small
eagerness.
Samples of Pure Government."”
The only hope now is in the Republican party,
Around that organization all the friends of pure gov
ernment mustral‘lﬁ',-or we shall be swamped beneath
a tidal wave of official corraption.—Republican paper.
For examples of the pure government
the Republican party gives the country, see:
1. A Republican President at Washington,
who bestows his cabinet offices in return for
personal favors and gifts bestowed upon him.
2. A ReEublican administration which
spends one hundred and thirteen million dol
lars more for the current expenses of the
government than the last Democratic ad
minstration.
3. Alist of three hundred Republican de
faulters, who have pocketed twenty millions
of dollars of the’people’s money, and have
never been punished by the administration.
4. A Republican administration which
compelled the only member of the Cabinet
who attempted to purify his department, to
retire from office, so that the theives and
corruptionists could carry on their plunder
undisturbed.
5. A Republican Congress which muzzled
the Supreme Court untﬁ they could pass a
law by which a Republican President could
ack it.
p 6. A Republican Congress, which, controll
ed by lobbyists, has given away, so far as
any revenue to the public is concerned, but
sol):i, so far as their pockets are concerned,
vast tracts, and hundreds of millions of acres
of the public lands to gigantic corporations.
7. A Republican President who used the
secret service money of the government to
forward a corrupt annexation scheme for the
benefit of speculators in San Domingo and
their allies in this country.
But why multiply? The specimens of
the kind of pure government the Repub
lican party gives the county will do for the
‘present. Ought not the friends of pure
government” to rally for a party whose
crowning achievements are a mercenary Ex
ecutive, a profligate Administration, a cor
rupt Congress and a degraded Judiciary
Albany Argus.
An Own Uncle of the President—
Why Ile is Not in Office.
Mr. L. A. Welsh, of the Clarksville (Mo.)
Sentinel, writing from Mayslick, Mason
county, Ky., to his paper, makes public the
following discovery
One mile to the south of Mayslick stands
the humble and almost crumbling cottage of
Roswell Grant, an own uncle of the Presi
dent, and perhaps the only one of a wide
family connection who is not stored away in
some corner of the public crib. The affair
is a small one and a half-story log-frame
house, dingy and dilapidated. Attached to
it are several acres of land, (fom which
Old Roswell” digs a precarious livelihood.
He is poor and habitual, and confirmed in
temperance has almost unfitted him for la
bor. His hair is considerably gray likewise
his beard, which is also tolerably heavy. A
large frame, with drooping shoulders; a
broad face, with very small and ugly eyes,
and a very red nose; a wishful, longing
look, and yodu have a personal description of
Roswell Grant. The old gentleman is usu
ally very good-natured, and consumes all
the Bourbon that his friends will give him
or that he can afford to buy with his beggar
ly means. We well remember how punctu
ally the old man visited Mayslick every day
for full three months after the inauguration
of Gen. Grant, to watch the daily mails for
a commission as consul to Cuba, which he
was destined never to see. Having been
disappointed in his Cuban prospects, Ros
well filed his application for the United
States collectorship for the district, and this,
too, was refused him, for a reason never
made public, but reall({ because Jesse R.,
the President’s father, did not like Roswell,
who is a Democrat, and would not vote for
Gen. Grant. The President made his uncle
a visit in 1868, just after his nomination, but
stayed only an hour and a half.
e e Oe
—Hawkins, the Mormon elder convicted
of adultery, has been sentenced to three
vears imprisonment, and fined R 3500,