fcjf -T V?
's' TT
sdaLisisiaeeRaa
1:
s
THE JUffiAVENWOBTfl WBBKL TIMES, TJfctlJRSftATf. DECEMBER 21
r-

Wukh SHinus
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 21, 1871
The Washington correspondent of the
Chlaso' Tiibiinc heads his letter en the
Cataazy-I "i-h difficulty", "Cat-Fish."
Wendell Phillip-ia given a authority
for thestory that the Speaker of the Penn
sylvania Hou-eof Regresenlalives was in
the hahil, before its adjournment, of putting
1'ITi' BEFOKM.
In this connection let us advert to a recent
attempt of his to make a deuiagogueical show.
ng in tne city council, ic amn
be published ixunai proceeuing
.1 "i i-
from
fail. .IS-r.l.nw
Titir.n bv a rbi'RT martial,
OXI-It.l AH TIIIE1 A WIS HIE- put
HMI' TIIK MJlUI'i: or IIIEiKa:
u.tirr.it STATU.
Votontren. did permit the publication tnro evidence to sustain these charges. We
rifttocrtMS&i. an" ftSTS Lave replied to the firs three of them with
IIC WAS Cavalry,
the Leaves
siblisbed
nsas, and in the Etritr bauuul.
a Eevsparer
printed at Mound Citr. fcttte of Kaasas. of hi
f I T1K; ,.,,t.cmm m ll'onl.Jnnt.iti utSeial reiKitt, an commanding officer of the First
0. I.. Jenr.lson has gone to Washington jjp,;-, Divlon Army ol ths Border; and
Br Anthony Citv Clerk to report vain- i0 secure lri pardon from President Grant, did furslsh, or caused to be furnished, to said
We pi'hli'h below the record of the charges publication! were mad?. Thij from Kort Stott or
:onBiiiiiuviuv..,. i... l!m iV. hi.l tl.. rl f Jioond tltr. jvan
Thi3 was ofiered by Mr. Anthony to throw -f" December, isol
ation of real and personal property and rate
of tax since organization ot the city.
Mound Citr, Kansas, on or about the 13th day of
dast into the people's eyes by showing that guilty and the sentence of the Court, that he to all ot yli'eh c!iar-s r.nl-ieicatioDs the
taxes were less under ntsauminiiraiiuii man j r dishonorably aicnargea ii.e service.
in Mibseoueol vears, when in fact the present
burden of taxation is a legacy of his reign, i
V sne-wsl the substitution of the follow irg 1 I'
amended resolution: j
Ji'aoUf, that the Uity iierfc. make out a
renorl in full and in detail of our city affairs
while D. It. Anthony was Mayor, giving the
Application wa made at the time for a
lheouerv, "Has Tom Scott anv further bus- amount of the city's indebtedness in full up
J:fl. il.!lrr to the time he took his seat, and the amount
"""l,odrr I of debt created bv him and under his admin-
Mark Twain recently said a good thing
about the Pilgrim Fathers. ''The reverend
old cliaiis," he raid, "left their own coun
try and home for the sake of having frce
dom on a foreign snore, to enjoy their own
religion, and at the same time to prevent
other people from enjoying theirs."
The Chicago ITmicj compliments ils mer
cantile "community by designating their
new Board of Trade building, as "the home
of the Kaljeri." The fire has cither failed
to improve the character of the lopulation or
the Iic of the Lewspapcr-i po-aihly
both.
Tll-i" Rochester Denocrat myt: "We do
not credit the r tory in the New York Com
tnercial AJrartiai tliat Horace Gretley has
eloped with Mrs.WooJhull. It is doubtless
an invention of the enemy whether the
enemy of Mr. Greeley or Mrs. Woodhull
cannot et !c told."
Mir UA.
TheCew Yorh JW says of the message,
that it will alienate few or none of thu Presi
dent's rei-oiul siipporler', and will strongly
confirm the conviction of millions of people
that he U a safe, honcl, prudent and patri
otic officer. Considering that the 1'wl has
lurtrii an opponnt of (Jrant's nomination,
this is important te-timoiiy!othePre-idei.ts's
lopiiIirity.
istration, including all contracts enteied into,
and other debts and reclamations and dam
ages following him and his acts, whether j -sued
by him or his succesior, and publish
the same under a sworn statement, eettina
forth who the contractors were, to whom all
moneys were paid, and the conideraticn re
ceived by the city.
Then publish' statement of all other ad
ministrations prtcedii g and following, in
like manner, and eee how they compare.
Fair play is a jewel, Mr. Anthony. Can
menial. You want and you don't want official ktatc
ments. If any of the taxes of the adminis
tration ubeiuent to 1SC3, was a "legacy"'
of that year, you ought to show it'by the of
ficial statement of the clerk.
As you decl're to ghe official "facts and
figure" wc will supply them.
Wc quote from the 0ffici.1l annual report
ofS. J. Darrah, City .Clerk, for the fUcal
jear commencing April, ISO!, and ending
April, ISCO, and find the only Fumsof any
amount paid during the year ujion contracts
or indebtedne-s incurred ly the preceding
administration to be the following:
Aim! 13, 1SCI, l't Brogin, nrapi''"S"u
L-T S01 IS
April 1C, ltd, Kliitborp, Adauin A MI
uiicilamizinz around the Market lloue S12 II
Sol Guil'u.
riNDlNO.
The Ctirt lutig? matnnlr ron.tlprKl lh, ctI-
rdon. Grant refused to recommend it, dence adduce., findstthe accuvdaafoaowj.
ar.dJennion ha cursed Grant fromthatday First epetilication, firstchare, ".VrfCiiJ."
to this. Jei.ni-on ojnly denounced Grant, Of the second -pecification, nntcharjc, 'Guilty.'
,c i except then onl "freiuentlr leate the head of bij
ard supported Sevmour and Blair. .t i ,h
column and command, and, in company with
lie no claims that lie has by 0.lie means I 0gjrcn of inferior rank and rnlule.1 men. did roam
got Pomeroy and Caldwell into hts clutclie, j at large about themuntry, frequently and without
ai a mat mrcus1' iear oi exiiosure irom mm,
they will sign a petition to President Grant
Total !xnp paid 1,213 59
Juno 8. 1SC4, II. A i. Shire, balance due
on bhaarnee and Delaware street cul
ttrts. i.aid in Bondi 7,500 00
Llhtrorpe, Adauis A Steele, bjlaoco due
un Kifili itrect Kride. Iaid In liou.r 12,000 00
(.o.m: kass.
Mr. Thomp-on, of the Fifth Street Metho-ili-L
Epi-copal Church, ttarted for Cineinnati
e-terday afternoon, to be abrrnt for about
tin days. He goes under the auspices of tl e
Citizens' Aociationf to tell the people the
Irvlh aliout the We-t, and e-iecially to set
forth the advantages of Leavenworth as a
mantifjcturing ioint. His tripwill result in
gOvl to our material interoN.
The Ixanenworth Times ajs that the
Jtcaird has "ceases! to live." Not so,
brother Anthon. It is onh the daily that
is dead. The weekly willcontinie, as livelv
as ever, and as of old, make a good fight for
the right. -TvprXa lttcord.
A slip of the pencil. Long life to the
Tojicla W'albj lttcord. We hall certainly
send jo'i The Timl.. Our mailing clerk
struck votir ntmeofTthp list hv mUtake.
Total Bonds paid $l.50-C0
Now ireiit'emen votl have the figures. If
it is deinagogueical we em't help it, but it is
far belter thin votir harr aisertinn. We fail
to see the attempt to throw "dU'-t."
It will lie seen that S19,."00.00 of this sum
was paid in bonds fir pubUc improvements,
and only $1,213 39 for ctinent ex;eiic.
There may be a few more minor item, of
incidental exjenses not exceeding a few
hundred dollar-. The increaed taxes sub- irom the Arkansas Inter to lWt .Ntitt
for his pardon and restoration to citizenship.
We do not believe the gambler has any
such power over Pomeroy and Caldwell, and
we tra-t the President will not ermit any
intluer.ee t) move 1 ira to pardon a man who
for ten years his been, and now is a profe--ed
gambler, per-orally in'crMcd in a
gatnbl ng hell in thi-. city.
The following is official:
Hi-ADtiLanirics I)rfnTi-?TOf Mioi ay
ir. Loeis. Mi... Juno2i.l, is.;-;.
GrMiK-lLOLIlEP' J
.li:. t
I liefurc the (lei era! Comt Martial, which
convened at Fort Learcnworth. Kanaa?, i ursuant
to .'jiceial Order, No, ZC, current tcrie, from
there lleail Quartern, ana or wiucu lajur oencrai
Georje jkes, United Mates Volunteer, is Frtsl
dent, was arraluol and tried.
CilitLts K Jl.MS)., Ciloncl 15ih IVyiiucnt,
Kansas Cavalry, Volunteer", the f.Il'iwing
cbarges an 1 fiieification:
CIMEGE FIC5T.
Otmdu t to the prejudice tf ffonj order c I w i,.Vf-y
dttrtjAme."
Si la-HICATHiN First: "In ihL, that he the
said Chailes 1. Jcnninu, Culonel of the Iifteenh
Kegnuentof Kansas Cavalry, Volunteers, then in
command of a Unmade and on the march front the
Arkamo lUver to Foit !?cott, Kan.as, did, with
out any jut i-aueor i rovoeation, fire, or caue to
Is; fired, a certain dwelling houe, occupi 1 only
bv defenceless woman and children, whereby raid
dwelling houc, with its contents, was totally con
sumed and the inmates thcreol turned out ot duors,
without food or clothing, and shelterless from the
inclemency of the reason. This at or near Cane
Hill, inthebtatcof Arkansas, oil or about the I-th
dav of Novcmlier, 1S6I.11
l5r-rxiFica.Tiov Second: "Inihls. that Le, the
said Charles It Jcnniwu. Colonel 1 iftecnth ltezi
nient Kansas Catalry Volunteeni, then on the
march from tho Arkansas ltivrr to lort Scott, in
the Mate of Kansas, did frequently ieaie the head
of hi" column and command, and in conipanv
with officers ot inferioi? rank, ami eulitcd
men, did roam at large about the country, fre
iuently and without ncces.ty, entering iriatp
houe", and wl He in baid hour's iienmttinj; otG
cer an 1 eu'isted mm to deiHiil ilie occupants of
ruth houesof their houehold etfects and other
Iiersuiial pixipert. This at Cane Hill, l'raine
lrae, Ilentomille, and numerous other localises
along the line of nurch as afortaid, iltinngtho
month ofNovenilier, IS5
fePECiKiCATiov Til im: "In thL, that he, the
rahl C It. Jtnui-on, Colout-1 lifieenth EcKimcnt
Kansas Cavalry, Volunti-cn, then on the iiiireh
Kana".
and having in htsctModx aspnouers of war three
Third riiecilieatlon, tirst charge, "Sut GaOtg."
Fourth Specificatioa, nrsttharge, "XetGmil."
f the first charge, "fiiry.'
O. tho first rjcification, jerondchaigf, 'Guilt).'
-ccotd sicatica, H.und charge, '.Vo.' Guilty.'
Of the thirl si':incathinfteeond charge, 'Guilty.'
Fourth specification, foond charge. "Jiot
GuOly."
Fifth "prtiCcatiuu, second charge, '.W Guilty
Of the secjn J charge, "Guilty."
Of tie first rpeclfication.third charge, "Guilty."
Second specification, third charge. '.Vul Guilty."
Third "peciCcation, thinl Charge, .Vor Guilty."
lourtn tpecification.third Charge, 'J.Vef Gmliy."
Ortbc third charge, Guilly."
uf the sjeeiGcatinn and fourth charge, "Xt
GaOly,"
rESTESCE.
And the Court therelore does sentence hiui, the
ai 1 Coloufl Charles Ik. Jenniwn, Fifteenth Kansas
olunti-er Cavalry, "to UdulMoraUy diimUtnlthe
zenur l frfifcd Hairs."
Iinding and sentence confirmed. toionei
Chsrles 1L Jennison, Hfteenth Ileguncnt ofCa
alry Kanta Volunteers, ceases to be an otticer in
the sen ice of the United States Irom this date
f Major (ieneral Dodge.
J. W.BtKM.-.
Assistant Adjutant Ueneral
cficial pioot that you were wrong ;'Soof so
dully endorsed and reccmmenied by Presi
dent Grant, in his hst message! It will
strike the people as rather funny that an
strong and overwhelming that be you knave, j afcti-Grant farty is compelled to takeGrants
fool or liar. You now know that
you wrote what was false,
and if yen bad a particle of journalistic hon
or, bad a particle of hocesty, or disposition,
or intention to be fair, yon would have made
the amend honorable in your paper.
You have not apologized frankly and
manly like an honest man. You came out
yesterday in an editorial whining like a
whipjied school boy.
According to the rules of journalism we
are relieved from all obligations to further
notice you, and we shall not, utiles, in our
judgment, the public good demands it.
I!y command
oirii-iu
A XtKTII A.M MJl'TII lilt All.
1 he Si.eca JVci is stroii"lv in favor of
thu proposition fur building a north and
roiith road, from some poirt on the Leaven
worth A Denver road, to Falls City. Nebras
ka. T1ic2'(-j thinks thi- road i-. one of
ilal importance to its town and county
one that will gie northern Kan-ss direct
access to the bert market in the State, and
that will do more to develop the resources of
the country than any other improvement at
pro-cnt contemplated. Ieavenworth is al-o
inlcrolcd in this movement, and desires to
secure a speedy and direct communication
uith the rich counties of the north.
1UU I" A It GIOE.
Hon. Dan. W. Voorhet-', of Indiana, a
leader of theXortIiwiUin Democracy, goes
far an aggressive, cirginizcd hand to hand
light againrt Grrut. This reminds
:m exchange of a "little joke." A wicked
fellow was desjieralely fick, and lying at
deith's door, when he was called upon by a
minister who urged him, in view olhi'prob
able early depirture from the sl.ors of time,
to "wre-lle with the Lord." The rick man
called attention to his emaciated limbs and
unstrung mii-elcs, and said, "Do 1 look
like wre-lliit: with the Ixird? Why, le
would triji me into hell the first pa-.-."
columns of your paper as ou are in w ithhold
ing the city funds.
As to the resolution joti ruggot, it you
will call our attention to it at the next meet
ing of the Cit Council we will offer it. It is
jut what we touM like to have done. Xow
don't jou back out of your own projiotition
because we endor-e it.
Till: TEXAS CtTlH: l.ltt.
The Baxter Spring .Solincl contains a
rejiort of the proceedings of a meeting of the
stoek men, held at that pi ice sometime ago,
to inaugurate iiiea-iire to recur a repeal or
EC'UXOMV.
Tlienuuiberof individuals obsenable in
all our cities Leavenworth not excepted
perambulating the agreeable sides of the
streets, aud pacing their time pleasantly, no
doubt, under the pleasant consciousness of
comfortable salaries, would hardly appear
to be consL-tent with economy in the admin
istration of public affairs. We design to
charge nothing asain-d our city officials by
the general statements that in nine cases out
often, dutie-i pertaining to the offices of the
highest trttit and remuneration arc done by
deputies paid by the city or State, as the cast
may be; while the officials themselves,
drones in the public hie, suck the greatest
amount of honey. The nccessarj labor of
administration is divided among as many in
dividuals as ia-sible, at salaries that would
imply continual employment, when in fact
the buiinc-s of each office is not ruffici.iit to
occupy any considerable tiortion of the olfi
cial' lime. The idea suggests that iicrhaps
there is too much leisure allowed public
functionaries in which to plan and aperfect
public frauds "S itan Iisth some mischief
ntill, for idle hands to do."
It would be well for us to imitate Europe
in this particular. Take, for example, Ant
werp, with a imputation of 230,000, The
Maor has a salary of about 1.-100, with du
ties more onerous and varied than thtt-e of
the Ma or Xcw York, employing l.i whole
time Turn Tinlipp itliltrp bv turns llpfprnnnp
I..!. Ait. I iniin.titf.l Wiiuiun t.l liil.tri III..
Thuat Cane Hill, frairle drove, lientonville, and all breaches of the )ftce among a population
iilaco. m the fctateoi ArkaIla', anl at Ntwtnnh, 1 f ,nrt nArt t -.:..i.
tinnl.r. ffare.,ne. Cart'iaie. and oihir plac m y 400,000 that of Antwerp and neigh
tLe state of JH-mun, during the inotlnf si-, borin town disnorinx of lor or fifty
lIiil.4tf"" 1 .a. w ..wnn
WHY lit IT.
The following communication fiiniishes
an it tere-4ing quertion for the school
master to whom it is re-pectfully leferred:
In the annual ujiort f ihc Honorable
Secretary of the Trea-uiy, I no'ice the fol
lowing expressions: "These sources should
produce for the year lSTS-TS, a revenue of
one hucdred and ten Millions of dollars,
making a lesfuclioii of tires of sixteeen
million of dollars."
The net paragraph hut one commence:
"If to this sum be added, fifty lulliem of
dollarV' tic, and generally jnllfe reiwrt, as
well as with the uujorilv of writers, this
stvle of exprerioii is u-tsl.
Now, can jou tell why it is.proper to say
fiie millions of dollars, or sixteen million of
dollars, or as nrobablv a maioritv of people
would sav, when they would not think of
n-ing the expression five hundicJs of dollars,
or sixteen lhou.inJt of dollars.
sequent to our administration were therefore unarmed citizens, two of whom, at leat, lim to
i be eui;n loj al tothc Govcniinent of the United
caused hy the reckless exjienditurer. and ex- a(at(rl dlJi kll0,-1DRu an,i willullv, K"nit one
travzirmce of those who folloneil lis. W A. Curti Captain of Compani F, rifleenth
Ileguuent of Kansas Cavalry, Volunteer-, to take
have nroven it. and now ak iou to make uch eitii(.nsafor-aid and hang them by the neck
...1 I I.!.. .........1 -v..;oie.I l-. weiedeil. 'lliisatar near Canelllll, j
tm. uiuciiuc """i -v. itc Slate or Arkansas, on or aiout tne lotnuay
lore Lhe peonle of kin'. is dishonest in the iif November, A. 1. ImiI
mil i Mr-ntir.iTin rot ktii: In Ibi". that he. Ilie
said Charles It Jtnnion, Colonel eifn-enth Regi
ment Kansas Cavalry, Voluuteers, thinonihe
marth from tbe Arkansas Uiver, in the State of
Arkansa. to 1-ort frcott, in the tlateof Kanna",
didv by hi general diKrtiiient as conn landing
othcer. and indincreiice is to the conduit of the
otluers andenlb-tcd men of kb coiuiuand, anl at
tlioes byoiHli oniuplled aj probation of thi lrille-
eal acts; encourage rail others and n!i-tcd luen
I toacts of unpruvokedan i w-iuton vulcuceaain-it
theiiersonsaii 1 proiierty of unotrendng men, and
uivEf.i: sreOMi.
"hrfssa,J iciljul wi'ect ofdjty, tolh iirjUce(f
yimtklcrlrr uud mttittiy idf'iuc
klllMITi 1T1I1V tlBiT- !n ill!" tll-lt l.A tlin
amenif mint ot Hie pre-s.-nt I iw regulating me said Charles 1U Jcnm-mii, Odouel I lfteeiith l:egi
admission of Texas cattle into the State.
The preamble and resolutions are as follows:
Whlbeas. The laws in force in the States
of Missouri and Kansas, prohibiting the in
troduction of Texas cattle therein before the
first dsy of December, in each and every
ear. are unwise and uniust alike to both buv-
i urove, iienioimiit, in I
er and seller, the producer and consumer, Jtxc;tonu,, uranbr, h
and tend only to the benefit of associated I MateorMissouri, and at i
capital. And
lileiit KaliNas Cavalry, Volunusr". Iiemg In com
mand of a lEngade aud on the, marth from the
Arkansas Kiver to Fort Scott, Kana?, did know
ingly and wilfully lienait the oI5cei anl sldhrs
ofhh, command to leave their colors anl r-inks to
take private property, aud enter jrivatc houH-s,
lor that puriw-e, without any cllort on the partcf
him, the said Charles It. Jmnwin, Coloiidl-if-tcenth
Kegiraent Kansas Cavalrv, Wduntcsr, to
prevent the same. This at Cane Hill, Frairie
Orove, ItentonvilU, in IheMateof Arkansas, and
sarcoxie, csrtnage, In tlie
t other idaees along the line
of march as aforesaid, duuns the month of No-
vencer, !M,t.
casts daily, on salaries ot $500 each. Beside
mis tney iakecign.zincc oi ueaius oi auuiir,
seal the 1 ou-e-s, read the wills, make inven
tories of thtirejlrtts, prejuro their proceeding
in the office? of the notaries. Wes urniise that
such duties would blunt thejaprietiteof many
of our officials. Like economy to that we
have mentioned is maintained in all the gov
ernmental relations of the city. For exam
ple, the olice duty is performed by the fire
department.
Offices should.inean hu-imsi ai.d 1 ilior, not
lei-ure jnd luxury-
Till: l.Tt:KATIO.Al,lIS- RESII
I.ITIOX. The following is a copy of the roolntion
iiasKCtl ly the internationalists, at their
meeting in Xcw York, oi last Saturday eve
ning. It explains why they do not parade
on a week dax
We, citizens of the United Steles, and
meuibern of the Intimations! Workingmen's
Association, intending to commemorate, in
general procession, the dca'h of our brother
members executed recently in France, anil
having applied to the- p-ilice for an Crcort,
have been refused and prevented from parad
ing. We, the committee of arrangements,
protest ag-iinnt the action of the police; but
being'in for peace and order wesubmit, butap
iical to theeopIe, from whom we, the working
people, xpict juticc. We can not afford to
parade on a week day, and have selected
Sundry, knowing no more Incoming occasion
than a funeral proconion for our brother
members, ictims in the cause of humanity.
Further, we do ree nothing in the city char
ter, the con dilution, or the usages of the city
of New York or the United States, that for
bids our p trading, aud believe the action
of the police to de-pot ic, t raiin'cil, arbi
trary and unncces-ary, making them an in
strument of 'Oppression rather than pro
tection. s
n.1 J t 111
""i"-i iue prairie- ure aim coiu i nuirirmovEnovD. "In this, that hi, tl
..wl.mt fl..! mnrwa-i if miun 't -t. I T. 'T,..! 1. II. H,
piii Vfiax aim rfvuui'ii) VAituuvt riitixiui lit
I Ot'ATI.D AUAI9.
X. li. Prcnl:-s, Eq long and favorably
known us the lively local tditor o! lie
Topcki Record, has accepteil the local chair
of the I jwrence f'qivblitaa. We are glad of
it. Kan-.TS journalism couldn't afford to
lcwe l'rcntiss, for he is a good local, and in
saying this we think wc arc piying him
a rare compliment; anybody can 1 a
"1 eavy" editor it only requires three talc-its
pa-, e, cis-oi-, and a little "gumpticn"
hut a jrrcd local is one of a million
which his n-inie is Pnnti-. Success, joy
and long life; lie virtuous and don't get
licked.
HL'l.t llt.i: AMI .M'lRII-S
The reporters of some of the Xew York
papers represented Henry Ward Bieehcr as
favoring some of the ideas of modern spirit
ualism, in a rejiort of a sermon recently de
livered by him. Mr. Becchcr feels that he
va- mL-rcprocntcd, and, in a note to lheX.
Y. Tribune, states that he did not discuss
"Spiritualism," as that term is now tinder
stood, but the Scriptural teaching respecting
the Divine Spirit. Modern "Spiritualism,"
he adds, was barely alluded to, without
affirmation or denial. He furthar remarks
that he looks "with profound interest upon
all wi-c efforts to educe the scientific truth
from that extraordinary class of phenomena
which have become so common in our day;"
but he has. "never yet been convinced that
these remarkable modern phenomeni origi
nated from the intericsilion of spirit- outside
of the human body."
weather exhaust the nnges ai.d cause im
mense rufliriug and los of life to stock.
And
Wiilkea-, The rea-on at which the sup
jKHed di-ease. called Spanish lever, predomi
nates i- long since passed by the cold weather
preceding the heating of cattle, which is sup
Ksed to be the main cau-e of the di-ea-s?.
And
Wheheas, A great change his taken place
in public sentiment in regard to the lateness
ot the present prohibition, luerelore, be it
J'tolced, Tnat the Ivepresentativeu of
both Hou-es of the Legislatures of the States
of Missouri and Kansas are resjiectfully re
quested to use their utmost endeavor to se
cure a rejieal of the laws prohibiting the
introduction into their States at certain peri
ods of the year, catile from the Indian Ter
ritory and the State of Texas.
Rewired. That in our judgment, if such
a disease exists, that the riod now fixed by
law for the admission of Texas and Cherokee
cattle, is much later than is necessary; that
the decisions of the courts, the testimony of
the Ust acquainted on the sulject all tend to
establish that the dicae, if it doesexirdoes
not show itself or result in contaien or
death after the loth day of October.
As the Texas cattle trade has already as
sumed very great proportions in Kansas,
and is increasing in iniortance every year,
it is a matter in which the whole State is
more or less interrertcd, and is very prop
erly a subject for State legislation. vVe
commend the above resolutions to the atten
tion of the gentlemen who re lo legis
late for us at Topcka this winter, feeling con
fident that the matter will receive that atten
tion and careful consideration which its
portance deserves.
im-
MTATESC KIUttlN.
The New York Tribune's Washington
letter tells us that Gen. Butler is examining
the subject of State indebtedness, its magni
tude and prospectiveincreasc He considers
that the practice of State Governments of
carrying cut improvement'-, and assuming
additional debts therefor, is one that bids
fair to sv-time such impoitsncexs to demand
the notice of the Federal Government. Es
pecially would this intervention be required,
he thinks, in case the United States foreign
relations become seriously di-ttirbed. Of
course, there is authority now for the Feder
al Goverrment to interfere with the rights of
a State in this particular, but, rays the
Tiiiane, it is doubtful if the people are ready
to take this additional step towards centrali
zation. The question has arisen, however,
and it is reported that Butler intends to bring
up the subject during this session of Congress.
PRUilMI TOO Hl'lH.
No, do not hug the flattering unction to
your soul that the slave was invested with
cither the freedom or the ballot through any
love for the negro. It was done as a means.
in the first place, to help subdue his master
with the bayonet, and, in the second place to
subdue the same personage witn the uallo',
both means to secure ?n end and that end to
keep the Kepubiican party in power. Atchi
son Patriot.
Our neighbor of the Patriot tueally says
what he means, bat in the foregoing para
graph lie says a little too much for Demo
cratic purposes, for he proves, if he proves
anything, thai the men who are now oppos
ing the ltepublion "party with lieir ballots
are the same nea vbo opposed the govern
ment with their limy onets, and !ktt the men
whiasebayoaetajreteHied for tbe falration
of tbe cosatrj maw cast their balloU with the
KeplkaafiirVw.- Wehave-ofes iosisted
npoe tbe trrtb IsTsiffl position, bat it is sot
oftea Ibst-we StWU'Jtwitictitic ptvptrwillitsr
toatsWkit.
lilt. HOKMOa.
The bill recently introduced b Senator
Cragin to lid the executiun of the law against
polygamy and for other purposes provides
that citizens only of the United States shall
be competent to srve as grand or petit jurors
in the Territory of Utah. Provision is
made for the appointment of probate judges
by the Governor; and the Supreme Court is
authorized to make rules and regulations as
to the mode and manner of taking and per
fecting appeals from one court to another,
iio that the just rights of the parties may be
secured and preserved. The militia of the
territory is to 1 orginized and disciplined
in such .i manner and at such times as tl e
Governor shall direct, and all the officeis
hall be appointed and commissioned by the
Sovernor. Marriages may lie solemnized
only by justices of the Supreme Court, or by
justices of the peace duly appointed and
qualified in their proper townships or pre
cincts, or by any prie-t or minister of the
gospel regularly ordained and settled or es
tablished a- such in said territory, or by any
bishop or elder in the so called Mormon
Churc'-, Wtweeu parties competent to enter
into the marriage contract. Mairiage is de
clared a civil coutraet, and no marriage
shall be contracted while either mrty has
a former wife or husband living in the
United States or elewhere, unless the mar
riage with such former wife or husband
shall has been dissolved.
Violation of the law will be severely pun
niched, the penalty provided bcin a fine
not exceeding five hundred dollars, and con
finement in the penitentiary lor not more
than fifteen years.
HE IM GMB IF FIUVREri.
The Commercial giv.s a statement of the
taxes, commencing with 1SG3, when tbe
taxes were 1 per cent, and ending with 1871
when the taxes are 31 per cent, and Bays:
"Thee tax levies, running through a
period of eight years, show that the assess
ments for general purposes (or in wlier
word--, current expenses) have not increased,
but, on the contrary, have diminished."
We eappose if the taxes should increase to
2o per rent, tbe Commercial would argue that
they were diminishing, providing the taxes
collected went into the pocket of its owners
and friends. O! whit a wise honest man
you most be.
AfireinBrreBoo,Wk,a)8i Monday,
Irarsjed tbe store of Bower, Albert A Co,
Losac Ouk Co., Express ofior. tbe Ssak
Ceostty Beak mad sererml other ssasller
faoildoflR. Tbe towslscstimsted at $25,000.
ment Kaunas Cavalry. Volunteer-, in commsnd i f
abrlgsdeand ou the niaifh Irom the Arkansas
Kiver to lortht-iitt, in the Male of Kaesas did,
kuowiiicli aod wiifuilv iiennit and Eiilkr the offi
cers and enlisted men of his command to engage in
an indiscriminate ryvtem of distraction and pilla
ging of proper! v fr.im loyal as well as disloyal uti
rens, and lliat'without rega-d to age, rex.'or con
dition, bv reason of which ismm-Mon and suthr
ance on thefiart f him, the said diaries It. Jen
nlson. Colonel 1-ificcnth Ilcguucnt Kansa- Cavalry,
Volunteers, houses and villages were
burned, defencile-s and unprotected women
and chilunn turned out of doors
destitute of clothing, food and slit Iter; all this
without any etlort on the part of him, the raid
Charles It. Junison, Colonel I ifteenth ltegimeat
Kauia Cavairr. Voluuteers. to lircTent the same.
or if, having luued orders for preventing such out
rages, without any effort on his part to have them
enforced. This at Cane Hill, Frairie llrove, Ilen
tonville, and other I laces in the State ot Arkansas,
and at Stewtonia, Granby, bircoxie, Cartbage.and
other places in the State of Miasoari, dining the
month of November, IS-'.I.'1
hi'UiFiesTioN Iiubii. "In this that he,
Charles It. Jeunion, Colonel 1 iltecnth lUgimcnt
Kansas Cavalrv. Volunteers, in command ol atyi.
cadeandou life march from the Arkansas ltlver to
Fortfecott, Kansas, iheothcers and enlisted nicuof
Mscodiinaud having seized irom alleged enemies a
large amount of lersonal proitty, such as cattle,
horses, sheep, wagons, beds, lieddirg and saddles,
he, the sail diaries U. Jennison, Colonel Iilteenth
Resjiment Kansas Cavalry, Volunteers, didwillully
neglect to cause ruch iier-tonal proK:rty taken as
aforesaid to be inventoried and accounted for to the
proper olnccrsot the United States; but did isrrmit
the officers and enlisted men of hlsccuiuiand to
carry away and appropriate such property, or the
most thereof, lo theirown private ue. Thisonthe
line of march as aforesaid, at Cane Uill, Fraiiic
Urove, llentonville, Xetownia, Sarcox e, aud other
places, during tho month of XovemUr, isol
.SpixincjiTiosFoiiriu: "lathis, that he, the
raid Charles It. Jennison, Colonel Fifth Kegunent
Kansas Cavalry, Voluntecis, having, while in com
mand of a ltngado on tbe march from tbe Arkansas
Kivcr lo Fort Scott, Kauias, seized private property
lor the subsistence, tranrportation, aud other uses
t the treops of his commanl, did neglect aud re
fuse to cause the same to be properly receipted for,
tot he reveraliiarlics front whom it was taken, or
to account for the same as required by the regula
tlons, but did direct and permit one John I,.
Thompson, Captain of Company B, Fifteenth Kan
sas Cavalry, Volunteers, as Acting Assistant ijuar
tenuaster lor the Urigade ro eomiiiandel bv Film,
the said Charles It. Jennison, Colonel I ifteenth
ICegiment Kansas Cavalry. Volunteers, to take un
on his return to the tarteniiFrter General of the
Army, a large amount ot forage and a nurabcrof
nurses, l-cing a -onion of the properly taken as
af iresaid, as if purchased by him, the said John L.
Thompson, tatuaiu and acting Assistant Ouarter-
master as aforesaid, for the use ami benefit ot the
united Mates, and to issue vouchers tturesir,
which raid returns and vouchers he, the raid
Charles Ik Jenn!on, Colonel 1 ifteenth Hegiuient
Kansas Cavalry, Volunteers, did approve as com
manding officer, he well knowing the sametolic
aire and fraudulent. All this at Mound City,
Kansas, on or al-out the lt day of licciniber,
s-rrciFicATios Fifth. "In this that he, the
sa'd Charier It. Jenmaon, Colonel I- ifteenth Itegi
ment Kansas Cavalry, Volunteers, (one John L.
Thompson. Captain Company B, fifteenth Kansas
Cavalry, Volunteers,) having in charge as Aitmg
Assistant (Quartermaster a large number of cattle
taken from alleged' enemies o. the Ui i ted States,
did pe.mlt him, the said John L. Thompson, Cap
tain and acting Assistant (Quartermaster as afo-e-said,
to turn ovir to unauthorized parties the said
rattle, to-wit: about seventy head, to a citizen
named Bell, an i the same number, or therealiouts
tooneAlonzo Jennison and two other citizens,
names unknown, this with the iutention of convert
ing the proceeds of said cattle to private-use. This
at Mound City, on or about the 10th or December,
l-CJ
cniEGE Tinnn.
"fiffrauthny Ite Goiemmenl eI.W Inited Sat'."
SrEirrciTioN First "In Ibis, that he, the
said Charles IE. Jennison, Colonil I ifteenth Itegi
meut Kansas Cavalry, Volunteers, acting in collu
sion with one John L. Thompson. Captain of Com
pany B, h ifteenth Ilegimcnt Kansas Cavalry,
Volunteers, and acting Assistant Quartermaster,
diil sell to one Bell and two otaer inens, names
unknown, sixty head of cattle, the sime having
lieen seized Irom alleged enemies of the tutted
States, for tbe public usa and benefit, which said
sale was made privately a .d by virtue of no com
petent authority whatevei, and the proceeds, or
Jartihereof, apidied by him, the sail Charles 11.
ensison. Colonel I ifteenth Eegiment Kansas
Cavalry, Volunteers, to his own private use and
benefit, with the intention of defrauding the Gov
ernment of the Fnited Mates. This at Mound
Cite, Kansas, on or about the 1st day ol December,
IS.-,!."
s-rETiFiciTiOv Mccosn: "In this, that he, the
said Charles R. Jennison, Colonel of the Fifteenth
Uttnment Kansas avalry. Volunteers, acting in
collusion with one John L. Thompson, Captain and
Acting Assistant (juartennaiteratorcsaid, did with
out any competent authoiity whatever, and with
tbe infentiou of defrauding the Government of the
United Mates, nil to one Alonzo Jennison and two
other citizens, names unknown, about sixty head
of work cattle, the same having been seized from
alleged enemies of the United States for the public
use and benefit, the proceed of which said rale, or
a part thereof, was applied by hiui, the said
Charles U. Jennison. Colonel aforesaid, to his own
private use and benefit. This at Mound City, Kau
ris, on or about the 10th day of December, 1MJ
SpKiFicvriDtTmED: "In this, that he, the
arid Charles It. Jennison. Colonel Fitteenth Kansas
Volunteer Cavalry, till roll privately, one yoke of
cattle ana one lumuer wagon, ine same oelag tne
property of the United Stater, which said sale was
without any competent authority whatever, and
with the fnteeflion of defrauding the Gorernnient
of the United Mates, aad the proceeds, cr a rart
thereof, applied by him, the raid Charles E. Jen
moii. aforesaid, to his own nre and benefit. This
at Monnd City, Kansas, oa orabout the Jth day of
tv.i.,.. iai
M-BCinciTioji Focetii 'In this, that he, the
raid Charles It. Jennison, Colonel Fifteenth Kansas
Cavalry, Volunteers, did privately tell to one Jeff.
Anthony, and with the intention ol defrauding the
Government of the United States, fifty six head of
stoek cattle, the same having been seized from
ilesrjd enemies of the United Stater, which said
sale was without any competent authority what
ever, and the mnceeas. or m part thereof, annlied
by him, the said Charles R. Jenalton, aJbrcnrd, to
hit own private use and benefit. This at Mound
CUT, Kansas, on or about the 1st day of Decembw,
IS6I."
cButGK rocsxn.
"Dimttdkatetf Onlen,"
Srsrinrinox: "In this, that he, the said
Charier: B. Jenuison, Colonel Fifteenth Ktnsa
I'littXY ri:ti!w.AL."
Tie Cemmficiai' gives its readers half a
column denying the .eal ownership of that
concern, and Favs 'e prefer to let old ani
mosities lie buried."
We ik-sire to inform the Comuicieiul that we
pmmally hiov- whereof we have written,
La-t winter Mr. G. C. Hume was a half
owner in the Commercial. It is known to
everybody that he was dissatisfied with the
courc pursued by that paicr during his ab
sence in the East, and on his return he de
manded a change, el-e he would sell his in
terest.
We were importuned by the chief man to
buy out Hume, and to pay him 9,000, for
his interest. It was guaranteed that if we
would do this, the p.i er would work for our
inlerests. We declined as we had no use for
such aid.
The same parties then applied to Hints
Eaves, aud urged them to buy Mr. Hume's
interest, assuring them that if they
would buy, that the paper would defend
their bridge proposition and be in the inter
est and under the control of the Bridge Com
piny. Mr. Kaves informed the Commercial
mill th it they had no Use for a paier.
For the truth of the above the public is
referrid to Mr. Eaves.
Failing to find any oneto purchase Hume's
intercs. the Commereiil folks went to the
enemies of ilines. Eivs and Company.
Newman and Company emploveil James
L. McDowell to negotiate.
After b-iniering j, long lime, until Mr.
Hume Iiecame disgusted, a bargain was
struck, Mr. Hume agreeing to s for
$7,000.
Tncnote for the purchase was made and
endor-ed by five good men. Mr. Hume did
not accept this at first, but finally he endorsed
the note "without recourse," and Mr. II.
received his cash in full for one half the pa
per. The office is leased to the "nominal
proprietor," but all measures in which these
men, Newman and Company, are interested,
the Commercial is bound by agreement to ad
vocate when co requested by the endorsers on
this note.
Our information of these facts comes di
rectly from two of the mec, formerly most
prominent in the Cvmmcreiil, and from ore
of the men who endorsed the Newman note.
As to the profession of the Commercial,
that they "prefer to let old animosities le
hnricd," we would believe them, if in prac
tice they would live up to their professions.
But we are sorry to say they "fall a long way
behind."
We know tint the "nominal proprietor,
the fifteen-dollar boy editor, and the digni
fied stalcaman-ltke local," are each and all
of them our devoted per-onil friends. We
are certain of this, because they have all told
us so, and wc don't think they would lie
about that.
The men who own the concern, however,
told them to pitch into us, and they had to
do if, although it was very disagreeable to
them. Their manner of pitching in was very
inso'eut, especially considering the fact that
Newman, in e-trly days, lived in Leaven
worth only by stitlerance, he being, while a
resident of Mistouri, a blatant rebel. We
"prefer" peace, and can stand about as much
abuse as any one before declaring
war. For six months you have
lied about us almost an hr.ndred times, and
we have paid no attention to it. We would
not now notice yoo, were it not that yon
seek a fight against us for the purpose of
drawirg our attention and tbe attention of
the people from your real purposes, which ire
to so manage associations and political par
ties, that yon may conlinue your friends in
power. Your friends have been in power six
years; last fall your friends were told by the
people that they could not control the cooo
ty longer than the first of next January, and
next spring the people of the city of Leaven
worth will discharge yon and your friends
from all responsibility in the management of
its sllsurs.
la tbe CbarBverciat of tbe 12th inst, you
made many charges against us. You gave
a .M.n it:ici: uf Tiit: chevy.
It was generally siippo-cd that political
chicanery had long ago reached its acme,
but a Washington letter writer gives us an
account of a new and novel device, for te
moving an obnoxious rival, which has just
been tried with marked success by an Idaho
"wire puller." The col respondent referred
to, details a ra-e of forgery which has just
come light, whereby Judge Lett is, Territori
al Judge of Idaho, is deprived of his of
fice several months a. Jude Lewis'
resignation was nceived at the Attorney
General's Office, :u d after a le da was
accepted. He had marv warm friends in
high official positions, but as the act was
voluntary they conceived tint it was no busi
ness of theirs to interfere. A successor was,
there'bre appointed by the lnsident, ard
confirmed by the Senate at the l.i-t session.
The news of the confirmation ol his succes
sor was received bv Judge Lew is with amaze
ment, and he at once applied lo the Presi
dent, to the Attorney (ieneral, and his influ
ential friends lo know why he was removed.
His surprised friends replied that he having
tendered his resignation, theie was nothing
left hut fur the Presidci t lotipjioiut his sue
ccsso: After wri"i:ig bickward and for
ward scvrral time-, it wa- di-coveicd that
the JuJge's litter of icsigiiatiini had been
forged. The facts ncie pie-inted t.i the
President, but he refused to rtinstilc him,
although he w is acknowledged to lv a wor
thy officer, rgain-t honi no complaint las
been made. Another, hut an inferior ap
pointment Wis tendered hiu, but he declined
it. It is -iid that a man nlui has sinn- been
elected to the Territoriil Legislature of
Idaho was discovered to have committed the
forgery from malicious motives, I tit as no
law was Lund to punish rtn h an otli-nc, l.e
was relieved from arrest.
measures, out of which to construct its plat
form! This is a fatal admission for the
"Reformers;" it admits that Grant is already
urging all the reform measures needed, and
that the war upon him, is, therefore, purely
personal. But here is the document
ISSUES FOR TOE CAMPAIGN.
I. One term ol office for the President,
and no more; the Constitution to be amended
as to secure this reform
II. Both Giantism and Twcedism to be
banished fiom public affairs by laws for the
summary punishment of present-taking and
bribe taking as well as public robbery.
III. Universal amnesty and restoration to
political rights of all persons engaged in the
late rebellion.
IV. Reform in the Civil Service, so that
appointments to office will no longer depend
on party patronage, and cannot be used at a
means of corrupting tbe politics of tbe coon
try and perpetuating unworthy men in high
places; and so that the President cannot ap
ioint his own relations, or those of his wife,
to any office whatever.
V. Reform of the Revenue; reduction in
the number of revenue officers, and the ex
penses of collecting the duties and taxes;
bxed salaries for all revenue officers; the
abolition of import duties en all the neces
saries of life, and thi reduction of other du
ties to a consi-tent, rational and moderate
system; the abolition of unconstitutional and
superfluous internal taxes, leaving only
stamps, tobacco and distilled spirits as (he
subjects of taxation.
VI. Legislation to prevent the levy of
black man upon clerks and other public
officers for party political purposes, and for
tne summary punishment alike of those who
demand and those who pay such contributions
AXWTIIKH NKWM AM LIES
siAILEB.
"The people have .apt forgotten the one
thousand dollars paid to bis cousin in New
York for engraving this circulating scrip
which is now a bundle of worthless paper."
Commercial oftke 12th.
A desperate min will resort lo any lie to
save himself. Our peop'e have no: forgot
en the case of the banker, Harry Gritiber.
He was hanking on other people's money
and our friend. Xewman iV Company, had
letter learn a lesson from that source.
P-elow is given an official statement show
ing all the expenditures in the matter re
ferred lo. SPfiO went direct to the Continen
tal Bank Note Company, SRI for express,
telegraph and exchange, and not one dime
to our cousin or anybody else's cousin.
Here is the official statement of the Citv
Clerk:
This is to certify that the following is the
report of all the expenditures for engraving
ciiy warrants as per vouchers on fil with
the citv:
Continental Bank Note Company
receipt dated Aug. 14, 1871 S'JCO 00
Exchange on draft forwarded 1 25
Express charges on warrants (5 25
Telegraphing 5 50
Total...
SEAL
S 973 00
W. W. Ckeigiiton,
City Clerk.
Di.cEMiiMi 15, IS7I.
Will the Commercial now correct another
of its infamous lies? Or will it 'continue in
ils ba-e, lying, dishonest course?
ARK VOf NATISriED?
A3 The Times is quite kind in the wav of
resKnuing to our questions, we ask
J. Is the road to be built by monev paid
into tlie treasury by the corKrators.' If not,
how is the money to be raised
Vtliy is it that this company ask that
bonds be issued before the road is built, and
why do I hey want the entire stock of tbe
counties transferred to them, if all is fair
and homst?
IS. It the road is to pay, as Tun Times
iliim, why do not the corporators build it
with their own money.'
A plain and full answer to the above ques
tions will j robably satisfy the people who
are asked to mortgage their farms to build
it. Laicrenre Standard.
We will cheerfully answer.
To the fir-t ipic-tion, jes; the money is
paid in by the corjiorators.
Thev want the lunds i-stied before the
road is built and pltred in the hands of a
trustee, st that whin the road is completed
there will be no quibble aim-it handing over
the bonds.
In answtr lo the thud iuictiui, we would
sty no road in Kai.sas has ever Lcen built
without Milwidits, ami we can't sie why you
demand more o the Kansas Central Rail-
nud than of other roaJs.
Ate vim Mti-ficd?
WASHnrotoir.
CONGRESSIONAL.
SENATE.
WASHrxGTO-r, t)ec 13.
A bill was introduced by Mr. Trumbull
and referred, to provide for the erection of
public buildings at Chicago.
Mr. Anthony ofiered a resolution for a
Standing Investigatirg and Retrenchment
Committee of seven."
Mr. Trumbull moved to amend so that
the Committee should be required lo report
I.I..I i(Hra n lw IKjTimI and Wftlt ftxl-
...u.i.sh.u... "easing ineiretlortt one
artesreuuceu.anu inai iiicv iiave iee-loii. ,"svv, iiiiue vain hope that thev woulj
timing me recess o vigorous opposition in 1S72.
Mr. Sherman lavorcu me original rcsom- ane Ceoate was continued at lenet
to him a Repuclican thief was the worst o!
o ,i5' Dcnsene''r"fght disgrace on tbe
Republican party. Notwithstanding defecU
presented against the Administration, it was
porer and more efficient than most of its
f.A r0"- s0 previous Administration
f. Prompt in punishing a delin
qu.ncy among its officers. Mr. AVilson said
fie was not boastful of the Administration,
he -mi' r fcPd t0 i"'. aB1 therefore
rZZ -'at P' Administration was seeking
SStT V11 "sU direction, although a
great deal more of it was necessary. He was
rtVl tv,t?,'-k thought the Dem
ther f P;,7,yle:,,,; he P"I to encounter
IbeminfoUj brce next year, and he warned
"""us against releasing their efforts
only one person was kii'ed. Jackson An
drews, fireman of the coal train, and the en
gineer, Burdick, of the passenger train, were
seriously idjmed. and two or three others
were slightly injured. It is rumored that
the grand jury will bring indictments against
several of the officers.
A fire an Ellison street, Patterson, N. J.,
last night, destroyed property the amount of
s
LA. WHENCE.
tonoth wTrl.
tion; said if any Senator knew of any abuses out reaching a vote, went into executive ses
he could easily have them referred to the sicn, and soon alter adjourned.
committee.
Mr. Wilson favored both propositions."
adjourned.
house.
Mr. R-irchard offered a resolution, which
said Vhat a c7mmit which had wer JM"" f. V Seer etary of
to investigate only such charges as might. 1 JIJ3Z!h??
referred to it bv the Senate, would be useless .V." """'J-
as a means of reforming the public service. ,bivvJi ."s"1 -,n, CoMt
Mr. Trumbull said if Senators wjre e-un- "'le on the Apportionment bill.
est in their desires tolcorrect theabn-cs in the e,, "C C a
public service thev would not hesitate t0 rrDciraIIy turning on he number of
annoint a commiiteV with sufficient rowers. J 'Ten.atives of which the House should
Mr. Edmunds said that, considering tbe .Tfl i T i "i eTn,ia,V
numbers of persons employed in the public S'J,"'1 eighty-threc, on
.V.t i.::..' motion of Mr. Garfield.
service anu iiie-ir uuues-, me uumiiiisijaii'u t 1
of the Government for the past three vcars u.p1. adI',c,, molionof
wrnil.1 cmtmrr fhvnmlilv fi.r effieiencv and flT' i.0t,r' l'Ktng th.it no State shall
purity with anv previous administration "f ha.? popnla
whatwer, even that of George Washington 'a" 'Cn mlmW the ratio of
liimeir snj Hnnvrnmu-r nn tieil ofrv mm- 1
...WW-.-
mittee with extraoruinary powers.
Mr. Cassidy contended that the commit
tee proposed by Mr. Anthony would be mere
nulity, having no power to originate invcti
gations. He had heard of transactions con
nected witn one of the highest departments
and a fit subject for investigation, but would
not take upon htmself to move an investi
gation unless there was a committee like
that proposed by Mr. Tmuibtill, with power
to originate investigation.
Mr. Schurz did not regard this as a new
proposition. It wa merely a proposition
on the part of Mr. Trumbull to revive the
old Committee on Retrenchment armed with
powers that made the old committee so use
ful and efficient. The Senator Irom Ver
mont, Mr. Edwards, had told the Senate that
the civil service had improved great !v un
der the present administration ami un
doubtedly it had -yet, in the whole history
of the country it would be difficult or im
possible to find fo ir con-ecutivc months dur
ing which so many defalcation', embezzle
ments by public servants have licen brought
to light as in the last four montlis. Most of I
these cases had been discovered without care- j
fcl investigation, had been almost stumbled
upon, and therefore it was but fair to infer
that careful investisntion would expose a
great many more rhieh are now hidden.
Now, gentlemen, I till ou, whatever may
be said of the improvemi nts which have
taken place, the people of the United Stales
are startled at the frequency and enormity of
the disclosures which are made from day to
day. Do not give yourselves up to
any delusion on the sill ject, for the
American people are en the point o: demand
ing an honest government, and t ey want to
have all means Used for that object that are
compatible wilh tl e laws of the country.
They demand the cisi:re and overthrow of
corruption, rcgarult of the interests of any
party or any jierson. It stems to me that
we are standing at the threshold of moral
revolution, that bids fair to go beyond the
overthrow of the Tammany Ring, and in that
revolution the science of how not to do it will
be of but litlle avail, neither will cheap dec
lamation against corruption in the abstract, or
against the sinfulness of sin in f,eneral, and
the beauty of virtue avail much. We
have had enough of all that. The jieople
will not much "mixer take that worthle-s
currency as legal lender. If we wish to serve
tlie country and command its e-onli ler.ev,
we win nave lo make it clear
Finally the committee ruse ami rnwMnl
bill.
Mr. Nibjack moved tt lay the bill on the
table, which was ncgifived vcas, raj;
nays, 14"i.
Mr. Farnsworth moved to strike out Mr.
Potter's amendment, which was negatived
yeas, S7; nay, 117.
The hill was then passed without a di
vision. It provides that ihe House shall
consist of 2S3 members, distributed as fol
lows: Maine, 5; New Hampshire, 2; Ver
mont, 2; Ma-eachti-etts, 11; Rhode Island,
2; Connecticut, 4; New York, :,2; New Jer
sey, 7; Pennsylvania, 2G; Delaware, 1;
Maryland, G; Virginia. 0; North Carolina,
8; Scmh Carolina, fi; Georgia, 'J; Alabama,
7; Mississippi, 0; Lotii-iana, 5; Ohio. 20;
Kentucky, 10; Tenws-ee, 'J; Indiana, 12;
Illinoi-, 11); Missouri, l.t: Arkansas, 4;
Michigan, I); Floridi, 1; Texas, G; Iowa, 9;
Wisconsin, is; California, 4; Minnesota, :t;
Oregon, 1; Kansas,:!; Wot Virginia,:!;
Nevada, 1; Nebraska, I.
The Hoti-e adjourned until to morrow.
W.VMHNOTox, Dec. 15.
HOUSE.
Mr. Garfield, Irom the Committee on Ap
propriations, reported a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to purchase at
private rale or by condemnation the remain
der of the square of ground on which the
Postoffice building in Chicago recently stood,
and if the purchase cannot be made at a
reasonable price then buy another square not
more than a block distint, on which to
erect government buildings. The bill ap
propriates $2,000,100 and provides lliat the
total cast of ground and building -hull not
exceed 1.0t0;000.
Mr. Randall moved to strike out that pait
of the bill limiting thesite to ore block Irom
the old locality on the grounds that such a
limit action would rutthezovernment in the
power of real estate combinations.
Several amendments were ofiered and con
siderable discussion ensued, but the amend
ments were voted down and the bill passed
as it came from the Committee on Appropriations.
Ihe Housethen went into a Committee of I
the Whole, Mr. Wheeler in the (hair, and
paed two bills reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs making appropriations to
p-iy the exitfncts to carry out the Treaty of
Washington. 1 lie House also pa-ed a bill
T..T AAit ..I i.?
to the country !ari,roi,ri-,lIlS-!,000 to meet the deficiency
that we bite no party no more than wc hate an'vY "'eUeUlcatioii ol l A. .Micotirt-
corruption;andthatweloveno liar y mote1 ?!-v' ,ale'",!nB 'irl' ol ',ul,!
than welove good government. Depirtment. Ihe House adjourned until
.Mr. Morton declared hinirelf in favor of i MoIIU3.,r-
Mr. Anthony's resolution, leeau-e it was a As1Uet ,0 nmle-ln miens.
broader than Mr. Trumbulls, and embraced Again.
all matters relative to relrenchmert. lie I Wasium.toX. Dec IS. The Cbmmis
also spoke of the extraordinary tiuriiv f tne sioners of Internal Revenue rtaffs that no
present administration, "ind i's promiitmts assessment be made agairst distillers for
M-.Vlri II V Hill.
A FEW PLtlX tl'IJItIUS.
Since Newman, Havens and Company
have been rmm'ng the Commei cial they have
asked its many questions. We now propose
to ask fhini a fiw qiie-tions. We have a
right to do so bccai.se tl ey are the custodians
of thu s)ple-' monev.
1. II. I. Newman, vthile vmi livel in
Lexington, Mo., were von not a rebel?
2. While in Lexington did you not fail in
biisinisi..'
3. Are von nut now owiiigover$50,f0f of
old debts?
I. DM on not iAe nut of that fai.ure
about S30.000?
5. If jou rh uld ever fail again would
vou piy uvrr to viur creditor all your
assets?
G. P. E. Havei.s: did we not take you in
when vou came from Oskaloo'3, poor and
penniless, give you food and clothing and a
business, so that vou could earn a living.'
7. DM jou not afterwards swindle us out
of all of the vtry btisinc-s, half of which
we had given vou?"
S. Mcvsr. Newman Havens, l,3ve vou
not row ro tens f thousands of
dollars of the peoples' money.
9. Has not a large share of that money
been invested in long horned Texas cattle?
10. Has not this investment in Texas
cattle been a losing business?
11. Have yon always paid checks and
your debts without arking time?
12. Can vou to-day pay over to ilie tity
and others, what you owe them?
13. Did you not instruct the JCoumrmV
to eppoe Alexander Repine for County
Treasurer?
14. Did you n3t afterwards make some ar
rangement with Repine by which, in case of
bis election, he wou'd give you nrt of the
deposits?
15. Did not Repine deposit with you a
large sum of money before the election?
1G. Did you not then instruct the Com
mercial to support Repine?
We are prepared to furnish proof on
many of the points about which we make
inquiries, hut yon can give ns light if you feel
inclined. We arc disposed to do you full
justice, and therefore give you a dunce to
explain. v
A CHASCCE,
The New York San has thanked its Presi
dential banner; the flag which has so long
and so Tauntingly floated at its masthead,
bearing tbe name of "The Great aud Good
Horace Greeley, of Chaiaqui," hs been
igtlominiously hauled down and trailed in
the du-t, and now, suspended from the same
pole, by the' same halyards, we find a ban
ner fluttering in the breeze, with this inscrip
tion "fir JVeJidcvif, Lvmas Tecmbcix,
of Illinois; For Vice P.aidcnt, Savcel J.
TilJitx of New York."
Immediately tinder the flag is tbe platform
of tbe "National Reform Party," which we
give below, in full. Tbe reader will observe
that the platform, when stripped of tbe little
bancombe witb which it is ornamented, coa
tains expresjioas in faTor of just fee mrse
ores, all of which (except No. 1, which tuts
been talked about for filly years) were cor-
l!dards anil Collins, iie v ot
prize lighters, h ive been granted a lie trial.
By an explosim in .t Chicago distillery,
one man was killed .md two i-eriotisly in
jured. Portland, Oregon, has a larger number
of saloons than any other city or its size in
the I'nited States.
Fifteen hundred sheep have been burned
to death in the Tule Lands in the Delta of
San Joaquin River.
The surplus of wheat in Oregon this
feason is estimated at seventy-five thousand
Ions, nearly all of which will fird its way to
Europe.
It is claimed that a vein of coal twenty
five feet thick has lieen discovered near
Brownville, Neb., reventv.five feet below the
surface.
Tl e crew of the Hornet threaten to blow
her up rather than surrender to the Spanish
authorities'. The Hnticns sympathize with
them.
The Haw lian Government agrees to pay
Webb's line f Australian shiis. $2,000 a
month for (ihteen months, the steamers to
stop at Honolulu.
A Philidelphiaii named Lord has in
vented a boiler jnwer which will free boilers
from encrustations, and thus n fir toward
preventing explosions.
Wilis I ire OfTer.
Some of the attractions which our State
oilers to immigrants leeking homes in the
west, may be britllv stated as follows:
Fiuils reach a deliiious maturity, and on
account of the purity and dryness of the' at
mosphere, are never affected with the rot.
Wood is cheaper than in Ohio and Indiana,
and so is native lumber.
The State has the temperature of Dela
ware, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky and
Missouri.
In the agricultural reports of the Patent
Office, regarding the production of wheat to
the acre, Kansas ranks first.
Its superiority in the production of corn is
even more marked.
Travelers pronounce our bottom lands su
perior to those of thu Nile, Amazon, and
Shenandoah.
Kansas is well watered; four large rivers,
which are fed by numerous tributaries, taking
their rise in her limits. Each county has
several creeks.
Coal, which exists in inexhaustible quan
tities, will supply all demands for fuel.
Potatoes and all vegetables are raised in
profusion.
In a country with ranges for stock unre
stricted, and iiasturagc limitless, the pro
duction of Lutter and cheese is very profit
able. Kansas yields the palm to no state in re
spect to sheep-raising. Its advantages are
so great, in comparison with more northern
States, that they attract the attention of the
wool-growing interest all over the North.
The mildness of tbe climate, the early, sun
ny spring, tbe little winter feed necessary,
give Kansas an advantage over other States.
"Situated between tbe thirty-seventh and
fortieth degrees of north latitude, the cli
mate of Kansas is mild and healthful. As
indicated by our position, and clearly proved
M t IIt,, fT 11,1 I 1 L
7 v" v. uKKviwtmi uuBcrva-
liona, the summers are long and temperate,
and the winters are short, mild and dry,
varied by a few cold days. But few coun
tries have climates better adapted to health,
and the luxuriant growth of the staple pro
ductions of the temperate zone."
Tke aeake sfclB EakrMge Serial' n-
oMale.
MSUrXcm:
A number of the papers of tbe State, and
members elect of the Legislature, having
dona me tbe honor to mention my name fa
vorably for the Speakership of the House
of Representitives, I desire to return fo
each and all of them, my heartfelt thanks,
aad lo say that while I shall always remiss
bertbe coaptisaentary manner is which
tiWy barealittdedtOBrstia cownertinti with
tho DositioB. yet I aaoat respectfully decline
bejng a cimdislalf
C V. Eskridok,
Emporia, Dec. II. 1871.
in punishing dircliction of duty in itsotiicersi
Without rraching any conclusion the Sen
ate adjourned.
HOisE.
Mr. Halsey, from the Committee on Pub
lic Buildings, reported a bill appropriating
$2,000,000 for public buildings in Chicago:
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. Well-, of ihe same committee reicrleil
a bill appropriiting $2,500,000 for a like
purree in St. Loiii-, which was similarly re
lerred. The Home then commerced the discussion
of the Appro rittion Bill, but after a long
discussion in Committee of the Whole, of no
public interest or importance, the committee
lose witl out taking .sct'on upon it.
Jtamiall, irom tlie Committee on Rules,
reported a new rule that the Speaker appoint
one territorial delegale on the Committee on
lernlories, and the delega'e from the Dis
trict of Coltimbii on the Committee
'or the District of Columbia, such delegates
however, not lo have the right to vote in the
committee. '1 l.e rule was agreed to.
The Speaker tliercuiKUi appointed Cha ee,
of Colorado, as a member ot the Committee
on Territories, ai.d Chapman as a member
of the Committee for the Di-tri:t of Colum
bia. Mr. Hoar, from the Committee on Educa
tion and Libor, icportetl a bill lor Ihe ap
pointment by the Pre ident with the advice
and n-ent of the Senate, of a commission
of three persons to ho'd office for two years,
unless ineiruuiiessiiau nave txen sooner ac
complished, who are to investigate the sub
ject of wages and hours of labor and divis
ion ol joint profits of labor and capital
between labor and capit ilists, and the social
education and the sanitary condition of Ihe
laboring classes of Ihe United States, and
show how the same are aCec'ed by existing i
laws regulating commerce, finance and cur
rency. The commission arv to receive a
salary of $5,000 each, and may employ
c!ers, and they shall rijiort the result of
fheir investigations to the President, to be'
by him transmitted to Congress.
Mr. Hoar addressed the Ho ii-e in expla
nation and advocacy of the bill.
House adjourned.
SENATE.
Wasiiixgto.v, Dec. 1 1.
Christmas, provided that nil work istiispend-
ed en that day-
The Republican Senators were in caucus
again thU morning, for four hours. The re
salt of their deliberations was that Ihe Com
mittee on Retrenchment be appointed the
same as other committees, but not jointly
wi'h the Hou-e, nor with the powers contem
plated by Mr. Trumbull's resolution.
The resolution ofiered by Mr. Anthony, in
the Senile, this mmr.ii g, :s the one agried
upon by the caucus of Rej tiMicati Senatr-rs
held ju-t previous to the meting of the
Senate.
Kelinrt ol I lie Sonllieria I Ir.ims t niii-
ruissKw.
Wa-iiim,ton", Dec. 14. The Southern
Claims Commission made a rejiort to Con
gress to day. They say voluntary residence in
an insurrcetioncry frtate during war is prima
ficic evidence of disloyalty, and must lie re
butted by satisfactory evidence. Claims have
come from those who served in the reliel
army, and the Commissioners hold tint such
service is proof of disloyally. The whole
number of ilaims pre-cnted up to the end of
November is 10.0W. and the entire amount,
$2G,51'.,000. The Commissioners have ex
amined 5S0 caes, in which the amount
claimed was Sl,G5t,35!, and thev allowed
$34,110.
The Seriate in Executive session today,
took up the nomination of George II. Wil
liams, to be Attorney Gereral of the United
States, and unanimously confirmed it, with
out reference to a committee. This was in -accordance
with usage and courtfy in every
ca-e where the nominee has been a meniler
of the Senate, his character being sufficiently
known without requiring any formal inquiry.
NEW YORK.
llir I Iclilli .Nnliua.il Bank lis Trouble-
Mnrvntlou.
Nmv York, Dec. 13. The Eghth Na
tional Rink, which is not a regular member
of the Associated Bank", as to-day refuses!
further clearing accommodations by the
Bircl.crs' and Diovcrs' Rink. The last
statement of the Eighth National was,
assets, $155,91.0; Jiahilitities, $550,100.
Commence Kerns to be shaken in cutside
hanks by disclosures showing that the hank
Mr. Trumbull gave notice that on to-mor- Lm;nt'r Collinder has been using monev
rntr lie vnttlil tnnve ta ilisehnn s. I hi. I nm.
s..-.B i i-ionging to tlie lcean itaiiK to btiiM tin
mittee on Finance from further consideration
Portage Canal in Michigan. There is a ru-
oi tne nouse tniis repealing tne utuy on mnr that two other banks are in trouble, but
Urt mi's rati j Jif yenkeU
Mr. Buckingham presented a memorial Arr;vah from' the West Indies Mate that
against woman suffrage, and said that over Tur,. Uen
10,000 of the most refined and resiiectable
women in the country have signified to Con
gress their unwillingness to have the rcsion
sibilities of sufirage thrust on 'them. This
protest contains the names of many of the
most respected and influential women in the
country. In looking over the list, I find that
I know many of them. They are not mere
ly women, but women of good sense, and
their judement is entitled to consideration.
They do not "say anything about the abstract
right of suffrage, but they say, having their
full shaie of the burthen and resiioneibilities
of life, they fear that others more bold than
they may succeed in having imjiosed upon
them otber burdens and responsibilities un- j
.u.. .u iuiui, uiuiiiciciuiciui:; a-. vjn-
gress to protect them from these dangers.
They say that the extension of suffrage to
them will be adverse to the interests of work
ingwomen; that it will introduce a fruitful
element of discord into the existing marri
age relations, and that it will he fraught with
danger to the general good order of the
country.
iiassin
boarded from there with Ihe request to bring
cargos in free of duly, as the inhabitants are
starving.
A:l ilmiillrntcd In Ilie- lrr-":N lo be
rttolsbsxl.
Aliivny, Dec. 13. At a nutting ol the
Executive Committee of th State Council of
Political Reform,1 a resolution was adop'ed
that all New York otfic als implicated in the
frauds be prosecuted criminally and civilly,
and that the Legislature amend the constitu
tion so as to prohibit all future chance for
frauds.
tnpe ndest.
New York, Dec. 13. The suspension of
the Eighth National Bank is announced.
Inrlr tuolher Kerw
f lalllnsi.
Anions; lltr
New Yoiik, Dec 14. At a meeting of
the Board of Police Commissioners this
afternoon, a resolution was passed recinding
the ordr which directed the Superintendent
to lire vent thenaradeoi the International
Mr. Conkling presented a iieiition from Societies' on Sunday, and another resolution
the New York soldiers of the late war, re-' adopted instructing the Superintendent to
counting the services of women in the war, the necessary measures to prevent any hrea'h
and asking Congress to'makc some provis- of peace on the occasion, and to protect the
ions for the acknowledgement of their heroic public from any disorder and violence.
and cliaritable work. This afternoon Tennie C. Claflin appeared
On motion of Mr. Wilson Ihe Senate took at Jefferson Market Court, and complained
np the House hill lo equalize thcj.pay of that her father and mother was a continual
workingmen, under the eight hour law. I source of annoyance to her and Mrs. Wood
Mr. Trambull's amendment, reraling the hull. She complained s pecfically that they
law, was read, but at the nquot of Mr. went to her residence on Wednesday eveing
Wilson, Trumbull withdrew the amendmi nt last and caused a great disturbance. The
in order to embarrass the original bill. Mr. i Judge issued a summons for their appcar
Ferry, of Connecticut rerewed if, and the arce to-morrow, to answer the charge.
bill was referred to the Committee en Ft-
nance.
The Senate then resumed the consideration
ol Mr. Anthony's lesoluticn to create a
Committee on Retrenchment with Trum
bull's amendment, and authorizing it to sit
during recess, and to rend for iersons and
papers.
Mr. Wilson warned his Republican friends
mat tney were placing their tarty in a
Kail-
Itrnisuetl-Mniall Paz Terrible
road AerMesit.
New Youk, Dec. 15. It is stated that
Bank Examiner CoIIander has resigned.
Eight children were taken from the Or
phan Asylum, in Brooklyn, to-day to the
small pox hospital.
Chas. O'Connor declines verifying cr de
nying the statement that Garvey volunteers
latse position before the country, and that al- j to turn State s evidence against the ring.
ready there were millions in the coun'ry I There is considerable excitement in ring cir-
no thought that tbe attempt had been made cles on this subject.
in the U.S. Senate, to shield the Adminis
tration. He hoped there would be a unani
mous vote for Mr. Trumbull's resolution, so
aa to let tbe people see that the Republi
cans are determined to keep the Administra
tioa pure in all its departments. He had no
sympathy with tbe plan of covering our own
asVnrtroininga by talking of gigantic swindles
iw New York. There were Republican
thieves aa well as Democratic thieves, and
An accident occurred this morning on the
Eoonton branch of the Delaware, Lackawan
na fttem Railway. The Oswego ex
press train, which left Hoboken at 8:15 this
morning, when between Passtac and West
Patterson, ran into a coal train, smashing
boto the engines and breaking, several cars.
It was at first reported that four nassenaers.
trrn firemen end a brakeman wrrekillerl. and I
a large number wounded, but it prove-! that I prevailed in all quarts:
I.oMiON, Iic. It. A sjeeial from St,
Petersburg states that yesterday the Czar
Cwitth, and Alex Det, hiofher of Alexis,
in a quarrel assaulted the Prince litmus
and tlie German Minister. The friends of
the parties interfered and the liurtfcs were
reiaraUil. 'Ihe incident ha caused great
excitement, although theie is n reason to
apprel end an intenii lion of the l,mI re
lations lietween Russia and Germanv. '1 1 e
quarrel is thought to be wholly personal.
London, Djc 13. 3 p. m. 'Ihe Time.
extra contaii s the following:
"KlM.'s I.VNN, Wl-sT SaMiIM.HAM.
In the case of the Prince, there has lieen m
restoration from the first convalescence, a.
we had exjitcted.
11 p. in. The bulletin iiied from San
diiuham, at 10 p in., by the physicians in
attendance ujion the Prince, states that the
Prince has pasrtd a less unquiet evening.
The unofficial dispatches from Sandinghaui,
however, are unfavorable. The lung symp
toms are rejiorted to lie the most distressing.
A telegram to the Echo rays his delirium
is coMtant but not violent. He does, not
rave, "but mutters incohorently hour after
hour, without cessation.
The latest bulletins this afternoon ray the
Prince has Ixei. very unquiet all afternoon,
and tlie gravity of hit symptom are unaba
ted. There is a feeling in some circles that tlit?
official bulletins have represented the condi
tion of the Prince to be worre than it really
is, in order to arouse symjuthy for the
Prince and make him popular.
The British Foreign Office has sent in
rtnictions to all of its agents abroad t in
vestigate the International Societies in va
rious countries, to which they are respective
ly accredited, and rejiort theieon to the
Government.
'Ihe strike of the telegraph operators; L
dying out, and the men in the large cities
are returning to work without accomplish
ing their object, and the movement ha
proved a failure.
A party of observers of the total eelip-e of
the run in the.Soiithern Hemisphere rer-ort
that the photographs ot the corena obtained
are perfect. The conclusion of several points
arrived at is that it should be thoroughly
demonstrated bv modern astronomer".
SvNimixcitAM, Dec 1 1. The Prince
slept during the night, anil there was Mime
abatement of the grave rymr tom.
Noon The Prince has !en tranquil all
the forenoon.
3 r. M. A further change in the condi
tion f the Prince is reportid, ami hopes of
his recovery are freely expressed. The pub
lic feeling is more conbdent.
London, Dc. 1 The following bullet
ins are issued this morning:
"Sandringham, Dec 15. 5 a. m. The
Prince had a quiet night. There nre rtill
symptoms r.f debility, but his ronlition may
be said to be more favorable.
12 m. The Prince continues In a tran
quil state, and is slowly but steadily improv
ing. 3 p.m. The danger in the case of the
Prince is so far lessened that a telegram ti
the Princess Victoria has been sent, counter
mandirg the r ummons sent to her to come
to Sandringham.
5.30 p. m. The Prince his been tranq'iil
all theafternoon. The coarse of the fever con
tinues favorable. Tlie Queeli will return tn
Windson to-morrow. This bulletin was re-rr-hed
with great cheering wherever it was
posted np. -A feeling of profound relief
Examination of Mrt. Ruth Contiuned.
Eer Complicity with Dr. Medlicott.
LAWKtNCE, Dec. 13.
speiial Despatch to the Times.
The preliminary elimination of Mrs.
Ruth was cor.tir.ueil to-day, Mrs. Eninin
Lively again on the stand. She was severely
cross-examined in relation to the hardwriting
of Mrs. R f ln the anonymous letters received
bv the Prosecuting Attorney, and stood ihe
tat well. The Justice ruled that the hand
writing was sufficiently established for their
admission. These letter contained various
assertions of the guilt of Medlicott, and Mr-.
Ruth's (simplicity, ard advised the Prose
cuting Attorney to put Mm. Ruth on the
stand, by all means; that she would sweir to
enough to convict him.
The evidence grows more convincing of
Mrs. Ruth's guilt, as the examination pro
gresses T.
Eiiili-nrr or Yfnmha Fry In tbe-Wharton
Trial.
ANSvroLLs. Dec 13. In the Wharton
trial to-day, Deputy Marshal Fry testified
that the prisoner told him July in, of the
circumstances of Ketcbum's iflres; that she
purchased tartar emetic during that time and
that she intended to go to Euro, but would
not until the matter was cleared up; she of
fered him a roll of money as a pre-ent which
he- declined. In a subsequent conversation
with Mr. Wharton, witness questioned her
cio-e'y about the purchase of tartar emetic,
and whether it was kept where the servants
hid access to it. She'stated that it was pur
chased by herself and kept in her pocket,
and the servants could not get it During
i hers? conventions which occurred four or
five times, Mix. Wharton said that the old
gentleman, Ketchum, was in the habit of
drugging himself, and he might have taken
tartar emetic by mis'.ake. In conversation
lietween Friday night and Sunday, she again
insisted on giving him money. At this time
the note was spread out, it was a twenty dol
lar bill which she offered him to buy himself
a present.
An Attempt lo Eaeapss-.siarrow Erxane
lor I'lMherlvn Another Slobber
ansrbt.
MEMrilts, Dec. 10. This morning while
Wiu. Pinkerton, in company with detective
Connell, was bringing Hilliard and Farring-
ton alias Clark and Burton, the two express
robliers arrested neir Verona, Mo., as tele
graphed la-t night, from Cairo to Columbus
on a steamer. Clark asked Pinkerton to go
out i n the guard as he had something to tell
him. No sooner had they reached the guanl
than Clark, though heavily ironed, snitched
I'inLertcn's revolver from his belt, cocked it
and presented it at Pinkerton' head saying:
"I have you now." Pinkerton called to
Council who, springing to his ride, knocked
up the pi-tol as it was discharged, the bill
grazing Pinkerton's temple. A desperate
strtigglejensiied.duting which Clark fell.over
board, passing under the wheel andssink. It
is supposed the wheel struck him, at all events
he never rose again. Burton had made a
full confession, and Clirk, knowing this, at
ti mpted to kill Pinkerton for revenge. Bur
ton was formerly a brakeman on the Nash
vil!e."i Northirn Railroad. 1 le was brought
to Union ity, near where the robbery was
coniiuittt-d, and Icsjgcd in fail. A dupilch
Ih s evening from Roleit Pinkerton ray-:
Lewis Farrington, brjither ol Hilliard, was
captured at Farrington, III., after a terrible
struggle, aud will be brought to tennessce for
trial. '1 lie-e brothers are notorious horse
thieves ard murderers, and the Southern
Express Company has for over two months
hid from twenty to forty detective osi
the track of these men.
I'ost-OsHee Uurglarlznl.
Whmxino, Dec. 13. The post-office at
Bellaire, Ohio, wis entered last night between
10 and 11 o'clock, by burglars, who gained
an entrance through a luck window, and all
the letters in the delivery boxes were torn
ojxtn and scattered on the floor, with no loss,
as far is known.
FRANCE-"'
P.vuis, Dee. i::. An accident oceurrnl
mi the Bolougne Tidal train on the North
ern railroad to-day, caused by -t collirsion.
Seven jsersons were injured and Ihe Incom'i
live was destroyed.
Pai:i, Dec 1 1. It is rcporti-d that the
Orleans Princes have determined to take
their sea"3 in the Assembly at au early diy,
where they will act with the party of the
Right Centre.
In the Nation Assembly to-day, Gen.
Assy, Minister ol War, made a "tateinint in
explanation of the delays of the commission
which was sometime sine; apjwiinted lo en
quire into the capitulation of the French for
tifications and armies during the late war.
The Minisler raid the Commission had ex
amined into the facts connected with the sur
render of riv. fortresses of a secondary char
acter, the commandants ot which hid been
sentenced to undergo punishment according
lo army re. illations. (Jn S iturday the I'oni-mL-sioii
will commence an inveatiition intir
the cnpitul ttion of the army at Sedan, ard
sulireqtuiitlv will turn their attention to that
of.Mttz.
GREAT BRITAIN-
fl
r
'A
Ui
B.Tifftrsar--rcrefi?wf
JL-.
rmnniTT-msimst
wwrrwFjBBgasBTr, en mnm
SsSsssssWSBsWSWSsWSSSSBWSlsssWsss