C )LUMBIA, S. C.
Wednesday morning, November 1 1871.
That tnmtr."
The Union, iu notioing our article of
xue 28th, studiously avoids tba main is?
sue made therein, and, with most pitia?
ble weakness, brings the New York 7Vi
buKti to tho roaotie. Admitting that mar
tial iaw has not beeu formally proclaimed
?n South Carolina, will the Union deny
that nine Counties of thu Stato arc snb
jected to military domination? Aro any
arrests being madu without tho aid of
the Federal military? Ia there not a
reign of terror just as complete, and is
not the military just as supreme, ao far
as the arrest and imprisonment of citi?
zens, and the denial of tho right of ba?
jeas corpus, is concerned, us if martial
law had been declared a dozen times
iver? These aro our inquiries, und wc
lo not iutend to ullow thc Union to
dodge them.
It will not avail the Union tu say Lout
tho "strong arm" of South Carolina has
been palsied by the Ku Klux, or the Iu
rieiblo Empire, or uuy otkur Radical
hobgoblins, with the Radical party in
possession of the Stato Government,
backed by 30,000 majority. The Union
ian never make tho world believe that.
Its co-conspirators against American li?
berty may affect to believe it; but there
is another cause for tho imbecility of
tho State Government, which the Union
Jtnderstuuds as well as we do but; it has
not, like its Cassius, tho New York Tri?
bune, the indepeudeuce uud thu manli?
ness to admit it. The Union, bo it re?
membered, belongs to tho parti/, and,
;Tor all we know, may be dependent fur
.ts pap upon the supremacy of its party,
vhether attained aud maintained ho?
nestly or dishonestly. Its mouth is
closed to any corruptions or shoit-coni
:.ugs or villainies of its party here in
South Carolina, but it finds great une
.k.iou in firing ita terrible arrows at Tam?
many. That diversion is rather trans?
parent, and very unnecessary, inasmuch
as the Democrats themselves, headed by
that pure and distinguished luwycr uud
statesman, Mr. Chas. O'Conor, aro purg?
ing the Democratic party of New York
of its corruptions. The Union will fiud
ample material in its own party nearer
aome.
Wo call upou thc Union to answer like
man who is not dependent upou thu
patronage of the State Government for
.ts existence, ii it over heard, or does it
.y.uow, of any corruptions or crimes, or
frauds or official dishonesty, on tho part
the Government of this State, either
In whole or in part? Has it ever hoard,
>r<2ocs it know, of the existeueo of any
"Union Leagues," or other secret organi?
sations besides tho "Ku Klux," "Invisi?
ble Empires," ?fcc? Hus it ever heard
>f any incendiary fires having beeu com?
mitted by members of tho Uniou
Xjcagues? And hus it ever, and if so,
.vhen aud where, bas it raised its voice
..gainst these corruptions, frauds, crimes,
Union Leagues and other secret Radical
jrgunizutious? Answer directly, and do
jot beat about tho bush, by venting
your virtnous indignation against thc
Ku Klux. Do not hope to escapo by
charging ni with upholding Ku Kluxism,
"because that is UOL lt oe, uud, besides, in
cot tho point. Answer our questions;
ind after that, we will discuss whether
.we have upheld the Ku Klux or any
other secret organization, und whether
'jr not we have raised our voico and in
Succcc against them all. Will tho Uniou
have the manhood, und thc courage, and
tho indopenduueo, and patriotism to uid
as in ferreting out and bringing to shanie
and punishment those State officials who
liave committed crimes enough against
tho peoplo of this State to merit otit
Jawry? Io this regard we commend to it
thecoursoof tho New York Tribune, and
refer it to some of the earlier uumbeis
o? that paper, whero tho philosopher
poors hotshot iuto tho "thievingcarpet
"baggers of the South." These numbers,
however, may have escaped thu attention
ot the Union, and if BO, WO will seo that
it is provided with them as sample
copies, and request that it make copious
extracts from sumo of thu philosopher's
reflections upon this interesting subject
of "thieving carpet-baggers" for tho
benefit of its nu morons readers.
Lot us hero say, for the information of
Lite Union and oo-conaphalors, that social
evils cuuiiot bo corrected iu u republican
govornmuut by the bayonet. Public opi?
nion is tho grout arbiter of such tines
tiouo, aud whenever social disorders ex?
ist thurc ia u cause, and the evil will not
?o cured until tho cause is removed.
Whatever of disorder or violence, or Ku
Kluxism, or whatever 3011 may choose to
call it, Unit has prevailed in uny purl of
South Carolina, hus bad u cause for it
aud that cause is thu inadequacy of I he
?aws, tho imbecility in their execution,
and tho consequent insecurity which we
??ave all felt iu consequence. Violence
muy bu suppressed by tho bayonet for n
timo, but just HO curtain UH effi*ct.follows
a ouuBO, so sure will it breakout again, to
punish those who do violence to the
bouor, tho peace, happiness aud prospe?
rity of tho Stuto. Let the Union mnrk
these words, and ranko all it oun out of
thom.
A -Sluirpe" Point tVrll Taken.
Ono Gen. Sharpo, of New York city,
said, recently, in reforence to Tweed's
arrest, "this is but u prelimiuury step
towurd a still greater movement of tho
entire State, which will determine that
the scoundrel shall meet with justice uud
go to tho penitentiary; for wu uro re?
solved that tho robbers shall no longer
walk the earth uuitnprisuncd or un?
hanged." What would Gen. Sharpe say
for South Carolina?
A Point To Itt mc m brr.
We observe that the grunt lawyer,
Chnrles O'Conor, of New York, in some
remarks in rofereuce lo the snit vs
Tweed, uuuuuuuri] the following leg?!
prinoiplo. Referring to Tweed, he suid:
"There can be no doubt that the State
can make bim responsible;us it is a well
known fact that the head of a systematic
organization for fraudulent purposes can
be made liable for the whole amount." Wo
hopo to seo this point made to tell in this
Slate.

Chicago is all right; thu papers lhere
have resumed their old rontiuo of call?
ing each other hard names. Tho Times
says:
"It is no time tor the Chiungo Tribune
to lend itself or sell itself (it appears to
bo doing oue or tho other) to u specu?
lating scheme in Hyde Park lands, etc."
Wo shall hear of divorces nest.
The annexed oirculur hus been receiv?
ed ut this ofliue, und we lay it boforo our
readers. Au iuvitatiou bas been extend?
ed to tho excursionists to diverge from
their intend? d route ut Columbia, and
visit tho Counties of Jackson und Macon,
N. C., passing by Andersou, Walhalla
and Clayton, and goicgover the route of
the Blue Ridge Railroad, lu case this
invitation is accepted, wo think it thc
duty of our people to welcome these ex?
cursionists, aud ?eck to afford them
evory facility for the examination of tho
c nintry this side of the mountuins. It
is the purpose of the colonists to engage
in agriculture, stock raising and manu?
facturing. Wo uppeud tho circular
An excursion train will leave Indiana
poliB, ludiaua, October 25, 1871, ut noon,
tor Greensboro, North Carolina, uno will
pass through Louisville, Ky., Nashville
and Chattanooga, Tenn., Atlanta, Ci t.,
Columbia, S. C., and theuce lo Greens?
boro, N. C. Fare from Indianapolis,
Iud., to Greensboro, N. C., uud return,
only Sol, uud about in same proportion
from tither intermediate points. Return
tickets good ou any regular train by same
route to December 'til. ll is expected
that HUD persons or moro will join thu
excursion party. A large number of tho
party will gu Westward Irotn Greensboro
to look ut tho country iu Buucombo,
Haywood, Jackson and Macon Cou ut les,
N. 0 with tho intention to form a colo?
ny, to be co-operative us far as neccseaiy
for the general wei turo; and that euch
person shuli be protected aud cared for
in their individual interests. It is the
iuteution to select und purchase ?U.?0U
acres of land, more or less, in tho very
best locution that can be found, consider?
ing the healthfulness of tho locution,
the fertility of thu soil, ita adaptation to
tho production of corn, wheat und other
grams, tobacco, hops, vegetables, fruits,
grapes and berries ot nearly all kinds;
to the abundance of dollgh Uni, pure
spring water, and water power; to tl e
adaptation of tim climate und other in
cessaries, to make it one of the bus)
places on thiii continent for raising
liorses, mules, cattle, sheep, hogs ami
fowls in un menso quant ii les, ut very
small expense in feeding; with aclimate
exhilarating, delightful anti unquestion?
ably heavy; limber plenty, of good qua?
lity and large; minerals abundant and of
immense value; lands nt low price, lind
convenient us possible to one or more
lines of railroad in course of construc?
tion sud certain to bu completed All
such things will bu sought tor and duly
Considered in selecting a location lor the
colouy, and wo want no poison m the
culnny who does nut come well recom?
mended for honesty, industry, persever?
ance, temperance uud uprightness of
character.
For further information, tho public
may inquire of the followiug named per?
sons, viz: Thus. C. Mercer, M. D Utica,
Iud J nd go R H. Gresham, Louisville,
Ky.; J. M. Holmes, Biriuinghatn, Eng?
land; Chas. Gresham, E-q Salem,
III.; H. M. Kent, E-q., St. Anthony's
Fulls, Minn.
SOUTH CAUOLINA SECUKITIEH IN* NEW
Yo UK -The New York //mifc/'jtiliiuucjul
review, of Saturday hist, says:
Thu new Soul h Cand?nas again wont
off quite suddenly, but thu decline
brought buyers and il re action. Thu
market for the Soul h Carolinas seems in
process of manipulation to allow the
"shorts" li> cover, and heie-e, doubtless,
tho origin of a rum r curri ut today
thal a new 7 per cent, loan had m ide ns
appearance. Tho Slate obligations nie
?I per cents, fi pi r cuts and per cent-,
A 7 percent, bond, even it covertly is
Htlod, would bo valueless in this iniiikut,
as ll Would not he "a good di li very," nc
I'ordiug tu the rules of lite S'ock Kv
change, and no banker or broker in tho
country would i deal in it security thus
debarred from negotiation.
How WARKANTS MAT BE BEI.YEO IN
TUL: KLAN lt KU ION.-Ali bough not in?
cluded among the Counties of Sontb
Carolina in which President Grant has
seen ?t to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, Wi?liamsburg bas nevertheless
beeu regarded us a place where the Radi?
cals might obtain materials for a sensa?
tion. The temper of the people, and
their cheerful compliance with all legal
authority, bus been strikingly exhibited
in a late case at Leesville. The cironm- j
Stances are these:
On Monday, tho 23d nit., tho TJuitcd
States Commissioner, John Porteus,
E-nj went to Ktugstree, uud from that
place issued wurrautH lor the arrest of
nine respectable residents of the town ol
Leesville, against whom ufliduvita tool?
ing to show their Ku Kluxiuu tendencies
had been lodged. Leesville ia fully
eighteen miles distant from Kingslreu,
but tho Deputy United States Marshal,
trusting muru to his own powers of
observation than wild rumors afloat,
started alone for the former place with
tho wurrauts in bia pocket, being nuuc
oompanied even by a corporal's guard.
This single officer liuving found the par?
ties, arrested the whole niue iu succes?
sion by showing his warrants, am) then
proceeded lo arrest ibu necessary wi"
uesseu. Tho latter were twenty-two ii,
number, mid the mundial, with Ins thir?
ty-one prisoners, took up the march lor
Kingstree, where ho arri voil safe with
his numerous charge. The whole week
was spent by tho commissioner in exa?
mining into the ease; the principal
charge against, tb" prisoners being the
overt act of Ku Klux in the murder of
Suigletary, tim post ma..ter at Leesville,
in July last. Two of thu niue, against
whom there was n faint shadow td evi?
dence, were bound over trial. Against
thu rest, no evidence could be found,
uud they were discharged.
The instance is worthy of note. In
Kingstree, "the Iliad; Hiders" hold
absolute sway, according to the Radical
allega'ions, and yet a single lillicur of
the law arrests thirty-one persons and
brings them over fifteen miles without
any guard or other assistance, ll* this
be Ku Kluxism, verily the disease takes
a mihi form in Williamsburg.
L 'liarlesion yews.
NATIONAL THANK.SI.IVINO DAY.-Amid
the manifold duties of waging war on
?South Carolina mid receiving presents,
Grunt has found time to issue the fol?
lowing proclamation
'I he process ol the seusous bas again
enabled the husbandman to garner the
fruits of successful toil. Iudustry bus
been geuerdly well rewarded; weare at
peuce wilb ail nations, mid tranquillity,
with few exceptions, prevails ut home.
Within tho past yeur we have in tho
main been free from ills which else where
have uillictcd our kind. If some of UH
have, bad calamities, these should be an
occasion for sympathy with th? sulfurera,
of resignation on their part to the will
of tho Most High, and of rejoicing to
the many who have been more favored.
I, therefore, recommend that on Thurs?
day, tho ?JO'h day of November next, the
peuple meet in their respective places of
worship, and there make the usual an?
nual acknowledgments lo Almighty God
for tho blessings Un bas conferred upon
them, for their merciful exemption froui
evils, and invoke His protection m.il
kindness for their le?s foi tu na te bret bi en
whom, in His wisdom, He lias deemed it
best to chastise. lu failli whereof, 1
have hereunto .-et my baud mid caused
tho .seal of the United States to be nf
Hxed. Donen? Hie city of Washington,
this tweuty-eiglitli day of October, ni
the year td our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and seveuty oue, and of the in?
dependence of the United States the
ninety-sixth. U. S. GRANT.

YELLOW FKVEII IN SAVANNAH.-A pas?
senger, who arrived in t be elly yesterday,
(nun Savannah, reported the yellow
fever as rapidly increasing, and causing
great alarm-so much so, that a bilge
number ol the inhabitants are leaving
The passenger refeired to saul he would
lather run tho risk of taking the disease
hero, where it is mild, ami yields lo
treatment, than remain in Savannah,
where it is singularly fatal.
{Charleston C
Notice.
AM li KIT NO of the I'.uildiiig Committee nf
lin? Washington .street Method isl
Cottrell'.will lui bu d at Dr. Shot's Sion-, on
I'O-MOItllOW, 2d II.staut, at ll o'clock A M
A full alto alance lr der ired Hy order of the
Chairman. lt. D. HENN, Secretary
Nov I 1
Valuable Land Sale.
TH E s T. i TE i y so t TH <11 ito 1.1 y A
L'OUS'I Y OF OVO A EE- IX THE VOM
Moy /*/./.;.IN
Florina i allimin and Thomas Ct. Clemson,
administrator*, rs. J.ihn C. Calhoun, muni
nirj'ratoi M M Calhoun, vt ti! Ititi ti,
Foreclose Mortynje i>f Limit, ?te.
HY virtue ot a decretal order III the above
stated case, 1 will s. ll, to the higbent
Unidor, at Walhalla, on the lirst MONDAY jii
January, A. D. 1872,that vaiuabhi Plantai iou, I
known as
KOUT HILL,
And for many years the residence of the late
HON. JOHN C. CALHOUN,
Sit?ale on Seneca Uiver, adjoining lands ol
A F. I.-wis, J VV. Crawlord and others, about
four indes trom Pendle on village, and ni one
of the most desbabo.' neighbor!!.ls in the
Siate I'liu dwelling is commodious ami
handsome, and is located on HU eminence,
with gentle slopes, winch commanda a pleas?
ing view ol the a j icent conni rv. un h the
mountains in the back ground. I he tract in
ri-pre-i-iiii d by a r??iuirvey tundo m is.vt, us
com tuning eleven hundred HIIII ten acte-, i.i
wnieh ?I. nil one hundred and lift', acres are
saul lo he good river hutmill; much ol the up?
lands lie weil and pro.lu e colton tile lv. The
.nt buildings are siiiiabl in Milliner and
si/. Htid are convenient lor this line farm. 1
ii a M s -One half ensh; hitlanci ou a credit
of i. year, with interest the purchaser lol
give'.omi (withom surely i uud a neiriusge
ol Hie premises seem.- the purchase
IIIOIM ami to pay vtra t r stumps und m
ce-i tin j'.! ?I-.
.1 Vi,' .?inti SI V Hp Cl.ll Kef. t e. i
W t ll v .S. I N. Vt lilt'l'l I 1-71
Nov t W
evil Oats.
I'd ^li Pi ime lt F.I I l\DO\TS,
Oct ?ll C. pKlX HM O A SON.
A letter from Adjutant-General Gor?
men, of the Nortli Carolina militia, given
a history of thu unsuccessful campaign
against tho negro banditti in Robeson
County, who have so long defied both
the State aud national authorities. lie
also gives u description of the country
in which tho outlaws live, their personnel
aud modo of life. The whole race is of
mixed origin, and is moro or less con
nected hy blood, and some fivo or six
family names constitute tho majority of
the iuhubituuts, tho Lowreys, tho Oxcu
dioes and Chaviscs being tho largest
in number. It is asserted that nearly
thu whole community is in active sym?
pathy with tho outlaws, many through I
fear, others through prejudice, aud the
remainder from ties of relationship
Their predatory and lawless operations
aro well systematized, und in their fotsys
they are assisted by the desolate and
utmost impassable condition of the
swamp uud forest land. Finding thal
ho could not make headway against
them, and not ticing ubi? to arouse the I
white citizuus from their despondent
apathy and secure their co-operation,
(forman finally arranged an interview 1
with the Lowreys, and met them, by j
agreement, lu a swamp. They said that I
they were tired of their present, niatmer
1 ol life, uud promised to leave tho Uuitud j
Slates if a free pardon was giveu them, i
Gorman assured them that they would j
have u fuir trial aud good counsel at
court, bul they would not surrender, j
I They say that they will defend them-|
j selves to the bitter end. The Adj il taut- j
General adds that he hopes before long
I to have thc satisfaction of announcing
thu capture of the gang.
The Charlotte Ohsercer says: The
Fair of i he Carolinas closed yesterday,
and, upon thu whole, everything const
dered. it has been u decided success, but
had it not been tor the political dilticul
ties in the neighboring Cou ii ties nf our
Sister State, South Carolina, and thc j
immense amount of rain thal fell during
I the first three days, it would have went
beyond the expectations of the most;
I HU ugo tue. Notwithstanding thu mud to j
bo encountered, the grounds were visit
ed each day by ii larg?! number of people,
and all seemed lo be well pleased with
j tho exhibition of stock, agricultural im- j
1 plemeuts aud tho works of art, thc en-
tries of which were full.
Con?aree Rifle Club,
rilli I", regular unuithlv mooting of tour Club
1 will ho buhl t 71 o'clock, rills LVKN
lNii, at Temperance ilall. Itv order: 1
Al.JlX. Y. LKK,
ov 1 1 Wanlen.
Richland Lodge No. 39, A.F. M.
J\ THK lt KC. ULA lt COMMUNICATION
-*fy^f><( lui? Lodge will he hdil ia tho Ma
/Wrtofiiu Malt, I'll IM Wodtic. ?la v I KVKN
l.Nu, al 7 o'clock. JJv order o? the \V. M.
O. T. UK HO,
Nov 1 1 Secretary ion.
Citizens' savings Bank ol" S. C.
AI.li SA VI SUS Ol. fi isl rs made in thin I
Hunk on or hufore thu "iili day ol cadi 1
[enbtidar month will lo ar hueront tur thill
month KS i: deporitetl ou tin- l->s instant.
.1 C lt. SM I i ll.
i Nov 1 Assist uni Cashier.
Notice.
I'.Ml? OKI i Ul s NoVKMiiKit 1, 1871.
.'IUI K iii tent iou ol the che/ us ot Columbia
i and vieil itt in respt etl'iillt called io the:
tiru! paragraph, loti h a lui eui uni n of page
ri-ven ul iii.- 1'rcmilllll List of Hie a pppmob
ills; Fair.
Its r?quiremi.iitn will he st riot lt complied
with, iii.teiuiich as the Secret a r>'n orb,:,- at the
Kair Oroiiuds will ni) open t'ruin'.'A M. lill
1 "i I*. M., "ii '?a tu rd at, the li li iliat io receive
ont rion i .an I brin, i Ililli;, h i h. ir Hr' iel..-, muy
be delivered the billowing Momiav
1) WV V IT "A IK KN,
Nov I ._' Secretary S. C. an I M Society.
New Publications
Mi SS COI.UM HlAVi 1 m li.- School, or Will
n blow Over, willi 72 illustration*. U>
.N...-1 .Vi i-? nm.
j Aunt .Lino's Hero Itt'alltlllll of Stepp::;;
Heavenwards, ll ill.
Siorier from (?lil l-.nglinh Poetry. 11,50.
Tin- Land ol Lorne. Itt Kotiert buchanan.
12 Ul?.
The Witness nf History to Chrint; the Hui-!
ueiiii Lecturer. t->r l~To Itv hi v. 1*. W. Far
I rar. F lt. S fl 50
Fi otide'n Second S> ries of Sl.-ort St mile* on j
I liront sui _i. ctn. i'j .".-i
I Tin- I'lii.osophy off iiiaeitiu-.ne.4M. by Mau
sri. f 1 7
I Kiiieigeiit-ii s. alni llowii. 'lrr.it Tin tn; !or
j M O n. j:i OU
I Aiiiericaii Wi n-li-iiatid. Itv Hache, fl 50.
l in- Mrmlitr for Paris, liv IToia-Kluilt s.
j 7."i ei-llln.
i 'fTaliaToimatioh.-i OT MctntuorphoscM) of
liinuiite, willi .lt H i plat vn. Itv P. M bunt-III,
1 lt. s.
Travels in the Air. Lb gallfly illustrated, j
j By J a mun lilaishcr, F lt S.
ALSO,
Soma new Sunday-ai h...>l Library bookit,
new Juvenile books from Kngluiid, new No?
vels, Ac. For .-alu at
lllt? tN .ts Mi iJAlt I KU'S ltookstoic.
I Nov 1
Corns, In-growing Wans, &c.
OUItKIl HY
MONS. It Kit O Kit,
WITHOUT ti ?Vi SU AX Y J'Ai.V.
TO TH?~LADIES.
AIHK-? not h'hii to lira vi? their own Corns
I Jj rt 11 -111 i to by a si rat.ifer, can do it
llo-iiiHftvt-n bv n-diiK Moiiri I'.iirner'rt CORN
Soi.v KM which nets only mi Coros mu? lian
no i ll' ci whatever on thc th'tdi. This prepa?
ra i ion coniaiiiH neilinr mknli, poinon nor
m ill. I lie cure is certain. Applv at Hendrix
IIOIIMC Oct :u
Cigars Cigars Cigars I
WI! hate now on limul u large stock of tho
following cl?nica brunis of ClOAItS,
which tte ure lien ni; at low ligun-s. niul lo
which wv invito those fond ot a choice Cigar
to give a i run
CO LU M MUS,
Longfellow,
Flor il.- M ila" t.
TWO Nlrllers,
Iii galla bril tuna.
i.a Flor .I.- ItaCiinore,
Lord Itvron.
Hold il, lc
I'ogeilu r willi H larine aiport nico I ni low
pi .1 I '.:,-:ll I III rootH AC.
ur 'ju ,li ill V ION KW fi SON.
Dissolution ol' Co-p trtnership.
'IHll. Ci pallin ivhto iit-n-totore exist in
1 b.-tWi-i-H lito u iderroglicil, lllidel Ii i
Ibm name ol MAVllVN I' A il-iWF.LI., is tins
d.O illsnolved le. leura ll CollM-lll. I hn bllnl
liriM ol in I-Oiicei ll Ititi bi: Well lld lip ht KO.
ItKl'.T K ill iVI'.Ll., wltn is alone authoii/ed
t arr.iugi tin debts n tit I r ce t iiuoiiiits
lu lo lld nt. .1. S i. MA i IC A NT,
i). w!l ll. I'. llo.S i LL.
HOTEL AMUVALS, October 31.
Columbia Hold-P. Duffie. W. M. Bird,
Charleston; il. S. Johnson. T. D. Gilles
pie, S. C. F. W. JoBt, A. Bessig, N. Y.
T. S Farrar, W. 1>. Kennedy, Ga. C.
Braden, U. A A. H. Waring. Flo?
rence; B D. Fraiel, W. H. Beck, Wash?
ington; W. A. Lay, Oconee; A. H. Van
Bukelyu, S lt. Chi mun, Wilmington; J.
P. Pool, Newberry; Mrs. O. King and
family, Hncioty Hill.
fificfittrstm House-Mrs. C. Q. Fernan?
dez, Oxford; H. V. Bed Held, Oiucinuati;
W. Johnston, J. J. Qormly, Charlotte;
N. C. Fifo, N. Y. J. M. Brown, Barn?
well; J. B. Pyatt, wife, three children
and nu ree, two Misaes Pyatt, George?
town; F. D. BUHU, Greenville; C. ll.
Breuneeko, Charleston.
WATCHES,
CLOCKS AND JEWELRY.
I HAVE on band a select
stock nf WATCHES.JEWEL
_,UY, CLOCKS, tSlLVKU and 1'LALfc.D
.uve,, which i will diatriso of at munt rua
sonable prices. A?BO, SPECTACLES to suit
all
ItEl'AlltlNC in my line done promptly and
on good term*.
All ari ?clea and work warranted io bc: 2,3
represented. CEO. SHUNS,
.2d door below TIM.Nix office, Malo street.
oct au
On Consignment,
pr/\i\ HUSIIELS OATS,
*J\ '2 Crate? Cabbage.-,
lo Kit? nico limier.
10 Darrels Apples,
lu Uarruls Northern Potatoes,
liai reis Chestnuts,
Low r-n cash, bv
Od?; I.OHICK A- LOWRANCE.
Just Received,
.i v H A HULLS Choice New Hulled bULK
IV WHEAT. For salo low bv
Ucl J? JO'lN AGNEW A SON.
Private Boarding House,
UV M HS. SAMUEL TOWN?
SEND, Senate, street. South?
east nf Hie Capitol, one sn mire
li01:1 Maiu street, Coln mina,
Od '?V, inn.
Hurleyville for Sale or Rent.
I'EltSONS nUhmg tn purchase or
.nt any ..f tlie HUltLEYVlLLE COT
CAGES munt come with letters of in
tritduction from persona of known respecta-1
bilby to ibu agent.-; and persons occupying
(hope cottages need bc under no apprehen?
sions of having ilisreputatde neighbors, as
none hut persons of umloubtod respectability
will bu teuaut Hy tinier ol thc owner.
E. W. SEIIJELS A CO Agents.
Oct 'I* M
For Sale.
Qi*\l (bin FEET OF LUMUKU,
OW* H/V/ HO.OUU let of well BCa
soiteil Flouring on hand
>rders tor Lath, and all kind* Lumber lilied
at sin.rt not ci'. Apply at our Lumber Yard,
mi La Iv street and Greenville I'.ailroad, or
address' W LO Wu Y tc CO.,
Ot'21 Hmo Hex LIU Columbia. H C.
For Sale.
1 nnn w ?n FEET LUMUKU, par
1 t\ fy f ^UUV t:cs can he supplied at
reasonable 1 ales bv applying tu
_S. ;.t 2 JOHN K.'tlYLKS, al Hone's store.
Look Out for Cold Weather.
LADIES' CLOTH CLOAKS.
Jt'ST received a LAU?iE STOCK, which
will h.- 1 at very Low PHICKS.
Don't mis?! your chance fur a HAP.OAIN IN
Cl OAKS. C. V. JACKSON
'ct i'.:!
Hardware, etc.
"I f-\( ixi/EN AXl>.
HM 4'i bales Hugging.
lion Untidies Arrow Ties,
.ju do/.-II buitread Shovels.
'J'Mi nairs Trace Chams.
if tint received and for sa'e at lowest marke
prices. I.OHICK v f. OWH Nfl*..
URSULINE CONVENT.
VA LJ.K Vii I'CIS, X EA ll 1:0 Ll'M lt I A, S. c.
THIS excellent School opened
September 1, and offers Hoard and
Education nt the moderate term*
of i\M per session. Music, Lan
t:u!ig<-r. and Painting form extra
chaigcn. i'o circulars, apply tn
Till. MO I II EH SUPEUIOP..
N. H. Hi fug.-es, or parents visiting (.'oinin?
itia for bea tb. Ula)' enter their daughters bj
the month i ?et 18 t i*
GEO. HUGGINS'
FlBE IXSllllXCE AGEXCY.
K*taW...I ii, ctInt,,.,/.?, s. c., isio.

Aetna Fire Insurance Co., $H.OOO,OOO.
Imperial Fire Ins. Co., $8.000.000.
Phomx Fire Ins. Co., $2,000 OOO.
Manhattan Fire Ins. Co., $1.500,000.
Union Fire Ins. Co., $1 200,000.
Putnam Fire Ins. Co.. $800,000.
Ofhco in rear of Mr. W. J. Dc ir le's Book?
store, opposite the Columbia Hotel.
OfcO. H DOO INS, Agent,
Oe? c. bim? Columbi i. s. c.
I HE P KOBLf M SOLVED!
'4'IIIXl!t\>^?l\(rSEXSlTl()X"
ll ri LL arrive in Hus city in four days, and
Vf "A New Departure" Imni tho old
mei hud of promising much and libing little,
as the Pities ut our immense and li ands)* me
stock ut tine Diamonds, ilohl and Hilve!
Watches, :.ii thc most celebrated makers in
the world. Chains, Pins, Kings, Si mis, Kine
Pla I eil Wine, Cutlery, Opera and Field I
(Lapses, Ac ,.\c will prov?.
M.sn,
A :i immense coli? el iou ul tine Oil Paint i og-,
by ennui ut American and Loreign masters,
Idell w ill he un exhibition.
I'lie sales uf t ne aliovc ma iiificent line of
goods will begin Wedtiosday morning. No-j
veinte r 1 and Coullllltu through the ivctdi.
P. s MI .ods IIIUPI bu as represented, t>r i
t inultev Will I" refunded
1? C. PEIX UTO .1 SON,
iel 7 \neHoneora.
lim ralln for Temperance Duh, Ac. will
positively take place tm the loth November.
Von mts secure a valuable prize b> pur
eha-dog n ticket in the Columbia Co-optra*
live Unilding Aesuciatfcn. I
Eiooal Items.
PUONIXIANA.-The prico of single
copies of the PHOXIX is Ove cents.
The PIIO?NIX office in supplied with all
ooceSHurv mut erial for as handsome cards,
bill beads, posters, pamphlets, baud-bills,
circulars, and other printing that maybe
desired, ns un j office in the South. Give
us a call und tost our work.
"Home Rule"-Petticoat government*
The thermometer ranged as follows at
tho Pollock House, yesterday: 7 A. M.,
58; 12 M., G7; 2 P. M., 70; 7-P. M., 70.
Mr. Bateman is again in the oyster
line. We have to thank him for a mess,
last night, of twenty delicious Norfolks.
A capital breakfast or dinner can be hur?
riedly gottou up, by ordering a quart or
half gallon from Mr. B.
PaBsed to a third reading-Love letters.
Cap. Curroll and Alonzo Reese, two
well known tonsorial artists, have formed
a partnership, and taken possession of a
uewly-furnished shop, on Main street, a
few doors below Washington.
Young yuutiemen who would ptosper
iu love should woo gently. It is not
foehionablcf?) for young ladies to take
ardent spirits.
THE FAIR-SECRETARY'S NOTICE.-We
call local attentiou to Secretary Aiken's
Card. The notice referred to is aa fol?
lows: "No entries received from citizens
of Columbia and its vicinity after 10
o'clock this day-MONDAY, November
C." Tho object of this regulation is tc
prevent tho crowdiug experienced to?
ward thc closing hours of eutries. The
Secretary wunts to get local contribu?
tions disposed of, so that contributors
from it distaucc niay bc duly attended to.
MAI h ARRANGEMENTS.-The Northern
mail opens ut 3.00 P. M.; closes 7.15
A. M. Cbarlchtou day mail opens 4.0C
P. M.; closes GOO A. M. Charleston
night mail opens 6.30 A. M.; closes G.0C
P. M. Greenville mail opens G.45 P.
M.; doses G.00 A. M. Western mail
opens 0.00 A. M.; closes 1.30 P. M. On
Sunday office open from 3 to 4 P. M.
FHOM JAPAN.-Col. I. W. Hay ne, o?
Charleston, at present sojourning in Co?
lumbia, has a son living in Japau. Col.
Elayne recently received two newspapers
from Yokohama: Tho Japan Matt and
7V/e /''?i?* E'isl, together with specimens
of Japau paintings, which, throngh tho
courtesy of Mr. R. L. Bryan, we have
had tho opportunity of examining.
These productions of a distant country
arc matters of curiosity and interest.
We notice one article iu which the editor
of the Japan .Vii/udvouatescommunica?
tion with America, because of its com?
mercial advantages. Another article
discusses the advantages and disadvan?
tages of thc recent spirit exhibited by
the Japanese to visit this country for
educational purposes.
A WORD TO OUR FRIENDS IN TUT-:
COMMUNITY.-The fair is approaching.
Let Columbia do ber whole part. We
have sometimes thought that our lora!
contributions might be more numerous.
L -t every one help who cac. If some
were disappointed at the lust fair by ne?
glect of committees to notice urticlcs
that really deserved premiums, let them
try again-let not the sun go down upon
their wrath. We know that mistakes
have occurred, and that oases of unin?
tentional injustice have developed them?
selves. But wc believe that tho effort is
tu be fair and impartial. We know thai
the Executive Committee and the active
and devoted Secretary und Treasurer
Col. Aiken-will do all in their power tc
carry out fairly und thoroughly the
arrangements fer the fuir-tvithont pre?
judice und without partiality. This
year, tho lair will be of a week's dura?
tion. There will bo moro time, and we
believe that the business of thu fair will
bu conducted with more than customary
thoroughness. Let all our citizens whe
have anything to exhibit bring then
forward; uud we trust that the County
of Richland, the County of Lexington
and the city of Columbia, being closo al
hand, will vie with more distant localitiei
in tho number and value of their offer
inga. Fur Columbia especially, tho Stab
Fair is a great and valued institution
It leads to the disbursement here, annu
ally, of itt least $75,000, and tho lurge
tho crowd, the larger tho sum to be dib
burned. Whenever tho State Fair qnes
tum comes up, all Columbia should ste]
to the front.
LIST OK NEW ?VDVKRTIHKMENTS.
li p Semi-('burch Notice.
J.arob Levin-Auction Sale.
Meeting Cougareo lidio Club.
J). Wyatt Aiken-Notice.
J C. B Stun li-Notice to Depositor!
J \V. Slribling -Valuable Land Sale.
Meeting liiclilaiid Lodge.
Brynn A- McCartcr- New Publication!
1) C. LVixotto A Sou-Auction Sale.
On un M HAITI I. S CM II MIS Clim icsiou Char
tillili: A-soeiatioii, for lum lit Frei School rum
l:\iri.K I'l.ASS Nil, ISSI Mlll'tllMI- 1/l'tl'lnT'?I
2-1 iii cn :n? ai-fti-oo-ttii 22 1
Wit uens in\ illino al Columbia. Hus Mat da
nf October, ?S71. I'hCK,
>H?V l Sworn Commissioner.