.S'"'-"v-,,
The Sun and the Rose.
Th Sun, who smiles wherever be goes.
Till the flowers U smile again.
Fell in love one day with a bashful Boss
That had been a bad till then.
So be pushed back the folds of the soft green
hood
That covered her modest grace,
And kissed her as only a lover could,
Till the crimson burned in her face.
But wo for the day when his golden hair
Tangled her heart in a net.
And wo for the night of dark despair.
When her check with tears was wet
For she loved him as only a maiden could,
And he left her crushed and weak.
Striving in vain with her faded hood
To cover her guilty cheek.
Farm, Uardeu and Household.
Fattening Sheep in Winter. The
indications are favorable for this busi
ness. Select the best three or four-year-old
Merino wethers that can be
found, give them good grass and, if need
be, a little grain this month, preparatory
to shutting then up to fatten. They
should train more this month than dur
ing the two next. The profit comes,
not from the increase in weight, but
from the extra quality and the increased
price of the mutton next spring. Much
money has been made in this business,
but a person who has had no experience
should not lusn into it on a large scale.
To Detect SuiiPHUB in Coal Gas.
Ulex has published a simple process of
detecting the presence of sulphur in
ordinary illuminating gas. The flame
from the gas is used in a Bunsen burner
to heat a clean platinum dish containing
water. After evaporating about a pint
of water, the outside ox the vessel will
be found to be partly coated with an oily
fluid, which can be distinctly shown, by
ordinary qualitative tests, to be sulphuric
acid. The same author states that the
white incrustation which sometimes
makes its appearance on the inside of
lamp chimneys, consists of sulphate of
ammonia.
Corn-Stalks. Hay will be scarce and
high the coming winter, and we ought
to take extra care in curing and preserv,
ing corn-stalks. Half the corn-stalks
even in sections where farmers profess
to think a good deal of them, are ren
dered comparatively worthless for want
of proper care and attention in curing
and stacking. Farmers know how this
fcliould be done, but do not sufficiently
realize its importance. In this case, as
in so many others, they need exhorta
tion rather than precept The point is
to cure stalks as rapidly as possible, and
to draw them in as soon as the sap is so
much reduced that they will not ferment
injuriously in the stack or Darn, in this
case, as with hay the water or sap that
is in the BtalkB is not half so likely to
cause mold as a little water on the out
Bide of the stalks from dew or rain.
Infection. It is not so generally
known as in ought to be that a human
being is liable to infection from a glan-
dered horse. Numerous such cases have
been recorded in medical works; and
only a few weeks ago a man named
Martin, who lived in Washington coun
ty, Md., suffered a horrible death from
this cause. While attending to a horse
which had the glanders, some of the
virus from the diseased animal's nose or
mouth found its way into a cut on one
of his thumbs, and shortly afterwards
he was taken with spasms, which were
succeeded by severe nausea and uttei
prostration. Although medical as
sistance was immediately procured, and
the man had every reasonable attention,
he live only a 'ew days after the infec
tion manifested itself. Before dying his
body became a mass of ulcers, and at
the end the flesh fell in pieces from
his bones. When a horse is found to
beglandered, it should be killed at once,
and proper measures taken to disinfect
every object that has been in contact
with the animaL
Breaking Oxen. The education
should commence at one year old. A
suitable yoke and bows are provided;
the tails are tied together by the tufts, that
they may not turn round and reverse the
yoke. A rope is fastened to the near
horn of each steer these ropes unite
in one a short distance from their heads.
They are allowed to stand in the yoke
often when not in exercise, and are ex
ercised daily until they are familiar with
the different motions and words and
signs used to control them. They are
then yoked'to a pair of wheels only, and
exercised with them. To teach them to
back, strike them quick blows on the
nose with the palm of your hand, using
at the same time the proper word. Quiet
ness and gentleness should be used
during the lessons, and a little salt will
pacify them should they be inclined to
become unruly. Never unyoke them
when they are excited let them cool
down first. It should be borne in mind
that whatever it. learned now will be re
membered, and the lessons should be
given with the greatest care.
Materials for Manure. The manure
pile may be augmented from many
sources outside of the stables or 'barn
yards. Much waste matter is lying
around in every village or hamlet in the
country that might be gathered up at
very little expense. We do not know
a country town of a hundred or two
inhabitants in which some one would
not be glad of a job to gather up ashes,
leather scraps, tanner's offal, tan-bark,
sawdust, chip-dirt, strnw, and refuse
generally all of which would make
valuable additions to the compost-heap.
Old boots and shoes should be reduced
to charcoal by covering them with a pile
of cnips and burning them slowly, keep
ing the ashes heaped over them. They
are men easily reduced to powder. Old
woolen rags and waste from a shoddy
factory is very valuable as manure.
Bones, above all things, should not be
overlooked; nor oyster-shells, which,
when burnt, make a valuable lime.
Thousands of tons of such matter go to
waste every year, not because it is not
worth the cost of gathering, but because
farmers do not appreciate how valuable
una waste matter is.
Rules for the Care of Sheep. Keep
sheep dry under foot with litter. This
is more necessary than roofing them.
Never let them stand or lie in mud or
enow.
Drop or take out the lowest bars as
the sheep enter or leave a yard, thus
saving broken limbs.
Begin graining with the greatest care,
and us 3 the sma 1 st quantity at first.
If a ewe loses her lamb, milk her daily
for a few days, and mix a little alum
with her salt.
Give the lambs a little mill feed in
time of weaning.
Never frighten sheep if possible to
avoid it.
Sow rye for weak ones in cold weather,
if you can.
Separate all weak. thin, or sick, from
thoe strong in the fall, and give them
special care.
If any sheep is hurt, catch it at once
and wash the wound with something
healing. If a limb is broken, bind it
with splinters tightly, loosening as the
iimo swells.
Keep a number of good bells on the
sheep.
If one is lame, examine the hoof, clean
out between the noois, pare the hoof
unsound, and apply tobacco with blue
Yitrol boiled in a little wit ?r.
Shear, at once any sheep commencing
to shed its wool, unless the weather is
.too severe.
The new shapes in bonnets are still
made very high, but are somewhat larger
than they have been for some time.
new style is made of seal skin, trimmed
witii feathers the same color.
The Chicago Fire
Our readers are already familiar with
many of the details of the great fire
which has nearly destroyed, the city of
Chicago. We give below sad but inter
esting incident of the fire, which may
well tm termed a national calamity
Sad, indeed, are the incidents told of
the fire. Women in the pains of child
birth, and patients who had been moved
from beds of sickness to eave their lives
which at the best were nearly spent,
were all exposed to the rain and the cold
raw wiuds. Several deaths occurred at
Lincoln Park, and three women brought
children into the world only to die.
Trains were loaded to their fullest ca
pacity, taking people away who, iu many
instances, have no place to go, yet they
cannot stay here and every train is
obliged to ieave five times as many pas
sengers as tehy carried away. Every pre
caution was taken by the authorities to
guard the peorjle. t 5 ."i
A journal desoribi'ngthe scene during
t'ae conflagration', says The sky: was
lighted up for miles around, and the
river looked like a stream of blood.
Hardly hod the families which occupied
the district time to escape with their
livesf and as to saying their household
furniture, which to most of them was
their all, it was not to be thought of.
Women, half-clad, ran screaming In
the streets, a baby in one arm. while
little children clung to .tham. with terror
At every attempt to stay the names the
firemen were driven back battled and dis
heartened, yet they worked manfully
and disputed the ground inch by inch
Over the furniture which strewed the
streets all went running in the wildest
confusion, each person bent only on
saving himself and family and caring
nothing for his neighbor. Many in their
wild endeavors to escape were knocked
down and trampled upon, and some even
killed. Many cartmen and draymen
natnraiiy strove to.tneir utmost to save
their horses. But in cases of fire horses
seem to lose all the instinct which under
ordinary circumstances would save them
from danger, and stand stock still in
their stables, their flanks and sides shak
ing in the agony of terror, and utterly
refuse to be driven from their stables
which, poor beasts, .they have always
considered their place of safety where
no harm can reach them. On this aw
ful night, above even the roar of the
flames and the crash of falling timbers.
could be heard the shrieks of the horses
ringing out in the night air. They
would not be driven away, but, stupefied
with fear, fell down in their stables and
were roasted alive,andthe sickening odor
of burning flesh was added to the inde
scribable and nausea tin sr odor whioh ac
companies burning buildings when water
has been showered upon them.
A spectator, a citizen of Chicago, in
describing the scene, says We ceuld
think of nothing else but hell. The
flames in some places like huge waves,
dabbing to and fro, leaping up and down,
turning and twisting, and pouring now
and then a great column of smoke and
hundreds of feet in the air, like a solid
perpendicular shaft of molten metal.
In other places it would dart out in long
streaks like mammoth anacondas, with
hissing, fiery tongues. Then the ser
pentine shapes would stoop down over
the blazing path into the yet unburnt
buildings, which seemed pierced and
Kindled instantaneously. There were
also billows of flame that rolled along
like water, submerging everything in its
course. Now and then as some explo
sive material was consumed, the place
would seem like the crater of a vast vol
cano, puns of smoke and flashes of
light and millions of sparks and cinders
scattered in every direction. Sometimes
the air would be full of them, and gusts
of wind would float them hither and
thither like flocks of fire-birds. Occa
sionally there were cinders of more
than two feet in length. Showers of
these were falling actually raining
down everywhere. Our faces were stung,
and our clothing now and then set on
nre, until we got wet umbrellas and held
them as shields over us. There was
terrible fascination in gazing upon the
scene. It was unearthly, hideous, ter
rific. Our eyes teemed riveted so that
we could not withdraw them. There
were miles of fire, mountains of flame,
waves of light, flashes, clouds, brilliant
scintillations. With the aid of glasses
we could see the streets thronged with
people flying for their lives. Children
were carried, screaming with terror,
women were shrieking, men shouting,
and all running. We saw some old
and 6ick and helpless carried on stretch
ers some apparently demented or stu
pefied were dragged along,. Close to
tbeir heels, in hot pursuit, came the
belching, roaring crackling flames. In
some places they actually advanced as
fast as a man ran. The most awful of
all was the thunderous roar that seemed
to roll upward and outward from the
centre of the huge holocaust now there
would be a report like the boom of dis
tant'guns, again came a snapping like
the rattling of musketry. Horses rushed
like maniacs through the streets. One
splendid team, attached to a coach, ran
over the Van Bur en street bridge, which
had been charred and weakened just as
the mad horses had passed the centre it
gave way, and they plunged down through
the lurid glare into the scarlet river be
low.
The following reliable and graphic de
scription of the fire has been furnished
by a gentleman who participated in the
work of subduing the flames during their
continuance
in one nut an eye-witness can form an
idea of the fury and power of the fire
fiend as he revelled among the palatial
buildings and warehouses on the south
side, with the wind blowing a hurricane,
At times it seemed but the work of
moment for the fire to enter the south
ends of buildings fronting on Randolph
Lake, and Water streets, and reappear
at the north doors and windows, belch
ing forth in fierce flames which often
licked the opposite buildings, and then
the names issuing forth from the build
ings on both sides of the street would
unite and present a solid mass of fire
completely filling the -street from side to
side, and shooting upward a hundred
feet into the air above the housetops in
their mad career. Thus was street after
street filled with flame, and the exulta
tion of the nre-hend was given over to
in a roar which can only be equalled by
combining the noise of the ocean when
its waters are driven during a tempest
upon the rocky beach with the howl of
the blast. Hugh walls would topple and
fall into the sea of fire without apparent
ly giving a sound, as the roar of the
uerce element was so great mac au minor
sounds were swallowed up, and the fall
of the walls was only perceptible to the
eyes. If the reader will recall to his
mind the fiercest snow-storm in his expe
rience and imagine the snow to be tire
as it surged hither and thither before
the fury of the wind, they will be able to
form a faint conception of the flames as
they raged through the streets of our
doomed city. Many of the buildings
situated along South Water street buried
their red-hot rear walls in the water of
the river, into which they plunged -with
a hiss. The heat was so intense at times
from some of the burning buildings that
they could not be approached within one
hundred and fifty feet, which accounts
for the manner in which the fare worked
back, and often against the wind. The
fire, after reaching the business portion
of Randolph and South Water streets,
leaped the river to the north side in an
incredible short space of time, and thence
among the wooden buildings on that
side reached the lake shore, after toucL
ing block after block of dwelling houses
with its fierce blast. A scene of such
utter powerlessness in the face of an
enemy was never presented than that of
this people trying to combat the flre-
fle&d, for the combat was not of long
duration the people bowed their "heads
in anguish, and suffered the fiend to
have un trammeled sway.
i. .,v a
On Chicago avenue, a father rushed
upstairs, to carry three children away,
When he was overtaken by the flames
and perished with them, .--The mother
was afterwards seen on the street on the
Northwest Side raving maniac. In
the same neighborhood a family of five
persons perished.
In Wabash and -Michigan avenues,
and in all the places where the richer
lass of citizens live, "when the. nre came
the distress was awful. Women;" who
had never known what a carewavand
consequently were, as one would sup
pose, utterly incapable of bearing, "with
equanimity such a calamity as the de
struction of their homes, yet here there
were ninny instances of heroism and love
worthy to be sung in stroy. Mrs.
it, of Wabash avenue, had been
deserted by her servants as soon as it
became certain that the house was
doomed they had gone off, taking with
them whatever they could lay their
hands on. She, her. daughter, and her
invalid husband were alone in the house,'
and the dames were rapidly approach
ing. There was no help to be expected,
for everybody was bent only on- saving
what he could of his own property.
There was not a moment to spare, and
ilia two women actually --carried Mr.
L d away in their arms and brought
him in safety beyond the reach of 'the
nre. ouch instanoes were numerous
alike among rich and poor.
As the tire approached the river it ber
uame evident that it' would cross it, and
soon that faar ;was realized for the
wind carried brands across, the narrow
stream to the northeast side, and there,
falling on the wooden buildings adjoin
ing the gas-works, set it on nre, and
then the flames, having secured a foot
hold, rushed on to their work bf further
destruction. The gas-house was -de
stroyed,-andlhe-tjity was lighted only
by tie fires whioh were consuming itself.
Then came a panic such as a city-has
rarely seen. Vague rumors' of pillage
ruled, the air, and deeds of violence and
horror were more than dreaded. The
people rushed pell mell from their houses
rather than remain within them in dark
ness the most hated and detested thing
in times of disaster and catastrophe.
They ran in crowds about the" streets.
meeting crowds rushing from opposite
directions, and, in their fright trying to
push7 their, way through the dense masses
which encountered them, were trampled
down and many of tbem crushed to death
in the desperation of the moment.
The vessels in the river then took fire.
and as the flames ran up their masts,
seized the rigging, and danced like
tienis upon the spars, leaping about
from one yard to another, the scene was
beautiful and terrible beyond descrip
tion. But there was little though of the
picturesque among those who witness
ed it all was horror and dismay.
Men who were millionaires yesterday-
morning, are penniless to-day but
more terrible than all is the aw ful cer
taintv that manv human bainca have
perished in the flames how many, no
one can tell. Jrerhaps no one will ever
bo able to tell but it is- known that
some have perished, and there is only a
heart-sickening fear that the victims of
the fiery monster may be counted by
scores.
Hundreds of horses and cows have
been burned in stables, and on the north
side numbers of animals though re
leased from confinement, were so be
wildered and confused by the sea of
fire which surrounded them that they
rushed wildly to and fro, uttering cries
of fright and pain until scorched and
killed.
Any attempt at description of the ap
palling scenes of this direful calamity
would be idle. The simple fact that the
once great city of Chicago is nearly de
stroyed, that hundreds of millions of
active capital have vanished, and that
an immense number of Chicago's in
habitants are houseless, is enough. Any
attempt to embellish would be a mock
ery.
It is gratifying to notice that every
city of the Union, as soon as it was
known to what fearful extent the people
of Chicago suffered, at once took measures
for their relief. Hundreds of thousands
of dollars, provisions of all kinds, cloth
ing and necessaries were at once dis
patched to them, and it was all needed.
We may imagine, but one cannot attempt
to describe the situation of a great city
like Chicago in ashes, its thousands of
people in the streets, homeless and
houseless the city-withont gas and with
out water, and these people huddling
together in .the dark, dismal night. It
is a frightful picture.
There was of course, a heavy insurance
on the property burned. Chicago has
been built up so rapidly that most of its
business blocks were mortgaged and of
course insured, but how much will be
realized from this source it is difficult to
tell. The risks were in Eastern compa
nies and they will suffer so severely that
many of them Must break down. There
were probably 85,000,000 worth of grain
and provisions stored in the city at the
time of the fire, nearly all of which was
destroyed.
Different reports have been given of
the origin of the terrible calamity, but
the following is believed to be correct
Late on Sunday evening a boy went into
a stable on Dekoven street, near the
river, on the West Side, to. milk a cow,
carrying with him a kerosene lamp.
This was kicked over by the cow, and
the burning fluid scattered among the
straw. This was the beginning of the
great fire.
Several men, caught in the aot of firing
houses on the West Side, were arrested
and immediately hung to lamp-posts
m if Li. x i
one ou a wen ui st., near me river, ana
another three miles awav on Clav-
borne ave., North Side. This summary
action cnecKed tne thieves and murder
ers. A careful survey of the insurances,
shows that there were policies on the
property aestroyea amounting to over
$200,000,000 add another 8100,000,000
to this sum and a fair estimate can be
reached of the loss.
It is fearful to think of the loss of life,
It is conjectured, and with good cause.
that nearly 500 persons have been burned
to death. Four men were seen to enter
a burning building, and in a moment
they were overwhelmed by a falling wall
There was a crowd of men around the
corner of a building trying to save prop
erty, when the wall fell, burying some
of them beneath it. About twelve or
fifteen men, women, and children, rushed
into the building of the Historial Society
a nre-proof building) for safety. In
few minutes the flamed burst out, and
they were, burned to death.
The Sugar Crop. The Louisiana
Sugar Bowl says New Orleans mer
chants and editors are making wild and
injurious estimates of the probable yield
of the present sugar crop. As we have
constantly been traveling among sugar
planters the entire year, and riding over
the cane fields in various parishes, we
It 'I. 11. X A 1 1 A t i 1
mum tiiut tu ozuciuute tue yieiu at lOU,
000 hogsheads of sugar would be a rea
sonable estimate but from all we have
seen and learned from reliable sources.
we fear that it will fall short of that of
last season, which was about 145,000
hogsheads. The crop is much worse
than that of last year, and the almost
general failure of stubbie cane will make
it necessary to reserve for seed a much
larger amount of cane than usual, which
will fully counterbalance the increased
acreage on which our New Orleans friends
are maKing calculations.
Jiy a recent order, au foreigners in
Mexico are obliged to register their
names within three months.
Among the great conflagrations of thn
past that of London in September, 166$,
will Always stand pre-eminent for i
terrible destructiveness. It followed
upon the great plague, which had carried
on one-tniza.ai uie. -population in tne
previous year, and swept over nearly
flve-sixths of the space included within
the city walls at that date. It lasted
four days, and the ruins' covered 436
acres.. It destroyed eighty-ttioe churches
(including St. Paul's), the Royal Ex,
change, the Custom-house, Guildhall,
Zion College, aud .many, other public
buildings besides J3,2t)0 private houses.
Four hundred streets were entirely laid
waste, and about 200,000 of' the inhabi
tants of the city were obliged to encamp
for some time in the open fields of
Islington and Higbgate. The most -disastrous
fir iri ;Lomdon since that dnte
occurred on the 25th of March, 17-43,1
when 200 houses in the Cornhill Ward
were destroyed. .Manx destructive fires I
v. i i. tj.:4.;i.
at later dates, tie most recent worthy
of spefcini note bsingvthe burning of the
dotton aid other wharves of Tooley
street" in June and July, 1861. The
fire continued raging with great or less.
fury for nearly a month., fcjeverai per
sons were killed and property was des
troyed to the value .of 2,000,000.
..jQHi. the 5th. of MayJAtaj -broke
out in the City o Hamburg, Germany,
which i raged -with great fury for four
day 8, destroying, about one third of the
city.. Sxlyone fiteete, containing 1,
747 housae, (ji'9iil tfccljl liit) yaste and
thousands of people werfi rendered home
less.; -There .were Jew public buildings
of value destroyed, and that portion of
the city was quickly rebuilt in a much
more substantial manner, than before.
In this country great fires, especially
before the jjay -iiuproved fire-engines,
bavebeeioinTm'atrfely frequent, and
Nework lias ha&Tn& lull share. In
September. 1776.' soon after the city
-came into the. hanlrof the British, 500
bouses Were destroyed, forming at that
time a large part of the town. The
buildings were rather huddled together
at the lower end?f the island, and were
mostly of wood, and the district west of
Broadway and below Cortland street;
was swept bare. New York was visited-
by another great) conflagration, the
greatest in its history, on the 16th of
December, 1835. Six. hundred ware
houses,' and property to the extent of
over .$20,000,000. were consumed. Our
oldest inhabitants still remember the
horrors of that terrible disaster. On
the 6th of September, 1839, the city had
another severe visitation, when forty-six
buildings and property valued at $10,-
000,000 were destroyed." The next con
flagration of largo extent in. this city
took place on the- 19th of July, 1845,
when 302 stores and .dwellings in the
lower part of "the city were destroyed
These, however, were- of comparatively
inferior value, the whole loss amountin
to $6,000,U00, i ousjives were lost on
this occasion. Since that time, owing
to the increased efficiency of the means
employed to prevent and extinguish
fires, they have generally been confined
to a single building or a small group,
In the same year of the last great hre
in New York,- 1845 Quebec suffered
terribly1 from the same destroying ele
ment. On the 28th of May a tire broke
out in the Faubourg St. Koch which
destroyed 1,500 buildings before.it could
be quelled. Several lives were also lost
Exactly one month latter 1,300 buildings
were burned, and by these two connagra
tions nearly two-thirds of the city was
laid in ruins. The pecuniary loss has
been stated at $8,000,000. In the same
year, on the 12th of June, nearly the
whole town of St. Johns, Newfoundland,
was destroyed, and 6,000 people were
rendered homeless.
Albany Buffered from a great con
flagration on the9th of September, 1848.
Six hundred buildings, besides steam
boats, piers, and other property, valued
altogether at 3,000,000, were burned
Twenty-four acres of land within the
city limits were covered with ruine.
St. Louis had a great fire in May,
1849, when fifteen blocks of houses and
twenty-three steamboats were consumed,
causing a loss of over $3,000,000.
.Philadelphia has been fortunate in
having few great fires, but one occurred
in that city on the 9th of July, 1850,
wnicn destroyed ouu umiuiug. xnese
were of inferior value, and the whole
l- t j j a i mi
loss was but $1,500,000, though twenty-
nve persons were killed, nine drowned,
and 120 injured.
A large portion of San Francisco was
destroyed in 1851. On the 3d-of-May a
fire broke out whioh consumed nearly
2,500 buildings, .causing, a loss of $3,
000,000 and several lives.i i "A little over
a month later, on the 22d of June, 500
more buildings were burned, valued at
SS3,000,000 or more.
Twelve acres of land in Syracuse were
burned over on the 8th of November,
1856. About 100 buildings were destroy
ed, and the loss of property amounted
to i,uuu,UOO.
I he scene most naturally recalled by
this fearful disaster in Chicago is the
terrible celebration of. the Fourth of
July in Portland. Me.', in 1866. The
leading facts of that great event are still
fresh in the public mind. The hre, be
ginning in a boot store, on High street,
swept north, and destroyed in its course
nearly one-half of the city. The pecu
niary loss was about $15,000,000, and
one-fourth of the population were ren
dered homeless.
It seems probable from the reports
thus far received that the terrible fire in
Chicago has no parallel w modern
history,' unless in the-- conflagrations
kindled by war. Even the great fire of
ljondon, though relatively more de
structive, did 'not equal it 'in absolute
extent. The London of that day Was
little more than two-thirds the size of
the Chicago of to-day, having less than
!so0,0UU inhabitants two-thirds of Chi
cago is in ruins, the desolated territory
is far greater than the five-sixths of
London said to have been laid waste in
1666.
Germans in the United States. The
total number of Germans residing in the
United States is 1,690,533, destnbuted as
follows
Alabama, 2,482 Arkansas, 1,563 Cali
fornia, 29,701 Connecticut, 12,443
Delaware, 1,142 Florida, 597 Georgia
2,761 Illinois, 203,758 Indiana. 78.000
Iowa, 66,162 Kansas, 12,774; Kentucky.
30,318 Louisiana, 18,933 Maine. 508
Maryland, 47,045 Massachusetts,12,()72
Michigan, bi,iid; Minnesota, 41,364
Mississippi, 2,960 Missouri, 113,618
Nebraska, 10,954 Nevada, 2,181 j New
Hampshire, 4db JNew Jersey, 54,000
New York. 316,952 North Carolina.
904 Ohio, 182,897 Oregon, I; 875
Pennsylvania, 160,146 Rhode Island,
1,201 South Carolina, 2, 751; Tennessee,
4,539 Texas, 23,985 Vermont, 370
Virginia, 6,232; Wisconsin, 162,314;
Arizona, 379 Colorado, 1,456 Dakota,
563 District of Columbia; 4,92) Idahd,
388 Montana, 1,233 i New Mexico, 582;
Utah, 458; Washington, 745, and Wyom
ing Territory, 652.
A Severs Dbotjth.- About a year ago
New England was suffering from a
drouth. This year Illinois is similarly
afflicted, and to such an extent that
plowing is impossible. These dry sea
sons are, for the most part, attributable
to the destruction of timber, and close
observers in Illinois say that the disap
pearance of even the meager amounts of
forest growths which some localities
L.ito known has had a perceptible effect
on the annual rain-fall.
Texas papers estimate that ten 6r fif
teen thousand Germans alone will arrive
in that State the coming autumn.
Oom tttet me hold thy hw&', V
TT .1 T! A an li r, 1 ..1, A .J....
Hv ii T U'UUUCU bV uuuo
l Boe along the Bmflhiij strand,
&j t niuiB me raaay waters shine.
O'er the beaches stepping slow,
Stately In thy f-racefuluesa,
Still f see thee "gently ko,
Fluwiug with thy dark sea-treus.
si
Cora 1 let me hold thy hand.
I GcBeroua hand etill prest to riitne
onrY!v uu.wiB Hunay su'aua i
i With taaft faithful heart of thhie. 4 5
,8he's our,;dear Cora! yonder boat.
Maris her elar-TM-H that leaniun stand.
j,Her. tapor waist that lightly (stirs.
Ana tne aart -ropes, a printout band.
She's ours lot's off aud ?oll away
lioyopd the hue. that walls our Tinw.
Without the fetters 'of delay,
Dear Cora I joys are all our crow.
Cohie I let un fly the long low beach,
rru- .1 i. i i i i
I
And from our lark liolil 1hauiih tiuir.h.
r Dear Chf a o the dark sea-brine.
o ttt.f.iT ITTT r -r"
LADY THORNHURST'S DAUGHTER.
CHAPTER I.
THE FATHER'S BETUBH.-
''the farm known as Redruth Moor is one of
the most fertile in Iinoolnshire, perhaps hi all
England.
The house is a picturesque old stone dwell
ing, which has stood a couple of ceuturies.
it a little distance iu the rear of tho house
are .utbuildiugH, all indicative of the ex
treme tlirilt aud prosperity of the owner of
iteiirum Moor.
That owner, twenty years ago, as to-day,
as Ansa Jacobea lieorutn. Ue was and is
posbo88( d of first-class business abilities, ac
tive in her habits, keeu, sharp-witted, and her
own rami manager.
sue was not a womau or Bocial habits, nor
particularly given to hospitality. There was a
vein of parsimony in her nature, that made
social gatherings at her expense a positive
pain, but she had come of a fine old county
family, and her ancient name and excellent
lineage procured her friendly recognition and
lormal visits irom tne various county mag'
nates. These visits were as formally returned
at stated periods, and but for 'her Binall
break in the even course- of their existence,
Hits Redruth would have led the; life of a re
cluse.
Late one afternoon in May, nearly twenty
J ears ago, Jmss ltedrutp. was Boated In her
rawing-room, after her usual afternoon cus-
toca... Her chair was. drawn up before an open
bow-window, and she was looking out into the
deptns or an apple orcnara, wnicn was covered
with- bloom, with a strangely intent gaze.
One might have supposed her engaged in ab
struBS calculations as to the probable yield of
the fruit-trees, but a second glance at her
deeply-contracted brows and- troubled face
would have testified that nor thoughts had a
deeper and more unquiet source
She waB a gaunt, grim woman or middle age
and of masculine appearance. She had a hard
face and a- hard nature. She had no tender,
womanly ways, no gentle womanly sympathies,
no sentimentality, as sue loved to say no
iondness lor womanly employments.
Keorutn moor was not au entauea estate.
and Miss Redruth had inherited it from her
father.. The present representative of the
Sroud old family was Colonel Redruth, her
rother; an army officer, who had spent most
of his hl'e in India, and whose arrival she was
now momentarily expecting at ner nome, alter
an absence from his nativo land for mauy
years, mere waB more or dread man or joy
ous anticipation in the manner of Miss Red
ruth, as the moment of the Colonel's appear
ance drew near.
What can I say to him she muttered un
easily. "What will he say to me when he
knows all? I wish the meeting wore over. Ah,
tnere tie comes."
The carriage she had sent to Sleaford to
meet her brother was in fact at that moment
seen returning at a swift pace along the dusty
road. It turned in at the wide farm gates,
and came up the carriage-sweep toward the
porch. Miss Redruth arose after a mechani
cal fashion from her chair, and went slowly
out into the wide hall, advancing to the
threshold to moot her relative.
The ooon carriasre came nearer. TJpou the
back seat cat a gentleman, whose face flushed
at sisht of her. aud who took off his hat as a
sudden rush of emotion svent over his soul
The- carriage drow up at the porch, and tho
prcnt'.eman sprang hghtly out and ran hp the
steps.
Jacob I My near sis err' ne cnea, ui aoep,
agitated tones, embracing her. You have
not chanced- at least, in the nine years since
we parted 1
Miss Kcdruth submitted to the embrace, and
presented her right cheek to her brother's
caress, but she did not otfor to kiss him. She
was superior -to such small weaknesses.
"I am triad to see you back iu England,
George," she- exclaimed quietly. "You have
enaiigoti. 1 tiimK but, tuou, your uie nas noi
bceu so quiet as mine."
She withdrew herself from nis arm and led
him iato'the low, quaint, pleasant drawing-
room.
Thtt Pnlnnftl h.iltftd iiiHt within tho threshold
and looked about the room with an eager.
expectant gaze. -Ho
was a handsome, distinguishd-looltin
man, of somo fifty years, with a complexion
deeply bronzed by Indian buiis, witn ueo
dark eves, a grand head, and black hair al
ready streaked with gra v." He wore iron-gray
military .wjiiakara, aud .his massive eye-brow
we'ro of iron-gray also," giving to his noble
countenanoo a look of sternness aud coiu
mand that well became him.
Where is Igiiatin V" he asked, his face sud
denly clouding witn disappointment. liv
is not my chi:d here to welcome her father
Sho she is not ill?"
"No, Georgo," answered Miss Redruth, with
embarrassment. She does not know that you
are exuocted to-dav. I thought it best not to
tell her. and and I scut her out in her little
pony chaise for a drive."
"Intending to lot her find me hereon her
return?" said tho Colonel, his brow clearing.
"You maut to surprise her? Will she be
back soon
Sit down. George." said Miss Redruth, with
perceptible uneasiness. I have something to
tell vou before Isruati.i comes. Did did you
hear anything over at SI' aford Did you moot
anv one vou used to Know t
I did not," said the Colonel wonderingly,
seating hunsolf at a window commanding a
view of the road. "Was there anything for
me to hear?" he added, with a suddqn change
of oouutenance. "The child has not grown
deformed, nor had the einau-pox, nor
How old do you think the child' is de
manded Miss Redruth grimly. You loft her
a little girl, and she seems but a little girl to
yon still. But she is twenty years old, a
woman crown
Ah, yes," sighed the' Colonel. She has
left behind her her childhood, but she will be
something dearer and nearer to me tnan sun-
nlv a child. She will be- my companion, my
friend. She will console me in part for the
loss of her mother. Does she fulfill her childish
promise of beauty and grace
She does," said Miss Redruth, setting her
lipB firmly together.
I know that she is good," Said the Indian
soldier, .with tender emphasis. I remember
well her loving, sensitive naturo, her winning
wavs. her brisrbi. impetuous spirit. She had a
noble intellect -vou do not moan, Jacob, that
she is not so clear-headed as she was r ho
added, in sudden alarm.
No, she knows enough, was the reluctant
reply.
"Ah!" said the Colonel, trying to smile.
She has a lover, theu That is to be expect
ed at ner age."
"Yon should nave come home sooner.
George," said Miss Redruth. "People who
have children should stay with them and take
caieoltuem."
"I could not well come home earlier, Ja
cob," said the Colonol. '"My daughter is au
heiress, and as such must take her place in
society. If she has an unworthy lover I will
undertako to wean her heart from him.
Surely she cannot resist her father's loving
counsels."
It is too late for counsels," said Miss Red
ruth, with a sort of grim desperation. lg-
natia Kcdrutu is bovond tne reach or advice.
You need not blame me, George. Ignatia her
self will cloar my skirts of blame. It is not
my fault if she has wrecked your hopos, and
made nerseir a bed or living ooals to no on."
The Colonel's face grew Buddonlv pale. The
grizzled moustache on his upper lip trembled
convulsively.
What has she done?" he asked, iu a hoarse
whisper.
Married a dissolute fellow
Married Good Heavens 1"
It is so, George," said Miss Redruth. She
has been married nearly four years.
Four years And you never told me 1
She never wrote that she was married. Four
vears I
Yes. Let me tell you how it happened.
About four years aro a regiment was stationed
within twenty miles of as, and its officers were
to be mot at all the best houses iu this part of
the country, ignatia was but a scnooi-girl,
under a governess, to wnom l lert tno direc
tion of her pursuits and movements. Ignatia
had a number of girl-friends whom the was
often allowed to visit. At the house of one of
these friends she met Captain Diebv Holm.
"wan hRndsome, after the style girls like, I
Buppose, and became the rage, as tne phrase te.
He comes of a good family, but is dissolute.
His own father has disowned him. He is thor
oughly bad, but has a specious appearance. He
tell in love with Ignatia and she with him, and
one day the precious pair cam into this very
room and asked my consent to their mar
riage."
Well said the Colonel, his faoe ghastly
white, his voice trembling.
Or course 'I rofused my consent," said Miss
itedrutn. l sent ignatia to ner school
room, and after lecturing Captain Holm, dis
missed him from the house. I thoueht that
4T&s the end of the matter, but it seemed n
was not. The upshot of .the matter was; tkat
Captain Holm and my neic were married
qmeuy wiinoui my Knowledge, uy special
license, at 81eaford, to which plaoe Ignatia and
her cavernosa had arone in the ponv chaiae. on
preteuos of wishing to match Berlin wool, but
really to meet the fellow."
'Jiut now could be procure a lioouse to
marry a child of sixteen, without the consent
of her relatives
Captain Holm 1b not punctilious about
speakiug the truth," said Miss Redruth bitterly.
('Ha vnft.1T HftVA rlulnvnl Tcrnalin i nf ana
At any rate, he returned iu the chaise with the
girl aud her governess, aud announced liLaself
to me as Ignatia's husband. I did not know
what to do. I dared not write to you.".
"And this procioilu-uou-in-Jaw of mine is he
In ilia house?" demanded the Colonel utorrily
with lowering brows.
No he hved here with Ignatia fot a year or
more, for I would not let my niece go from undei
my roof. He sold out his commission, and th
child has not seen him in three yeaxs. I be
lieve he is roving about the Continent. When
he knew her, mv niece was but a sallow, un
formed child. Sbais now very beautiful, but
tuat, or course, ne does not know, js either
does he know that he is now an heiress."
The Colonel arose and paced the floor with
quick and agitated steps.
vou t reproacn me, George, said Hiss
Rodruth. Have I not suffered How could I
have done differently f"
Tiod to such a scoundrel, who had not even
the virtue of faithfulness" 1
Sho need not be tied to him. George." inter
posed Miss Redruth, eagerly. I consulted Mr.
Auisley, my lawyer, yon know. He says that
it win ut easy u) procure a uivorce ior ignaua.
wny enouia not tne marriage ne set aside
as illegal demanded the Colonel.
miss itedrutn colored.
Becanse--because she stammered'. "You
see, George, the Holms are rich. Only two
uvea Btanu Detween uaptain noim and a great
estate
And you want me a Redruth and a rich
man to claim ahmony for my daughter, cried
the Colonel, in a stern, ringing voice. "For
shame. Jacobea. You would have me trade on
her wrougs I on would have her accept money
irom uus scounarei r
"No. no. Hear me." exclaimed Miss Red
ruth. I would not have the marriage declared
illegal, simply because there is another person
ui do euuBiuerou wuo nas not yet been men
tioned."
And who may this person be
"fynatia's child 1"
"Her child 1 Ienatia's child Great Heaven 1
Am I dreaming
jno, l wisn you were," said Miss Rodruth.
Uer sake, as you see yourself, the fegahty of the
marriage must dob do questioned.
The Colonel did not answer. He strode back
and forth with bowed hoad aud gathered brows;
and Miss Redruth dared not question him, nor
even attempt to soothe him.
"I don't think Ignatia bo entirely to blame,"
sua vouimeu to suy, alter a utile.
The Colonel gave no sign that he heard the
observation.
This is a turning-point in her hfo," said
Miss Redruth, after another uneaBy "silence.
1 hope you don t intend to cast ner on,
George."
Still no answer from the Colonol.
Miss Redruth turned from the contemplation
of his face to the open window, her firm, hard
mouth growing firmer and harder as she oom-
Eressed it closely. Neither spoke again until
ttle basket chaise, drawn by a stout shagg;
nonv. came leisurely alone the hishway an
turned into the open farm gates, and Mies Red
ruth then exclaimed
'Iarnatia is come. How will you receive
her?,r
The Colonel answered in a hoarse voioe, with'
nnt Innkiiiff nn
Send her to me. Stay you need not tell
her I am here. Let her come in here. And let
n maar. blnnfl. Jacob."
Miss Redruth arose and withdrew, the look of
apprehension deepening in her face.
CHAPTER II.
The little basket-chaise drew up before the
porch of the stone house, aud tho young lady
who held the reius tossed them to a stable lad
who was at hand; and aughted, helping out a
little child. Tho two ran fichtlv up the step.
The hall was deserted when the pan? entered
it.
"Where b Aunty Jaoob T cried tne young
mother, in a gay, sweet voice. Her chair is
emntv. Shall we tiud her?"
She moved lierhtlv across the floor, and then
her eves suddenly resting upon the grand figure
and stern lacooi uie returned soituer, sne cauie
tu nn abrupt halt. A cry of terror and norror.
strangely mingled, came from her white lips.
tier lace biancnea: ner umos troiiimeu.; sue
The lather and daughter stood face to lace
after a separation of nine long years 1
The colonel scarcely recognized the sallow,
romping little creature he had left in this niag-
ninceut -woman, ner tan ana Bienuer ugure
was instinct wiJi a stately grace. Her every
movement indicated refinement and thorough
breeding.
The Colonel did not move toward her, nor
did the sternness of his countenance relax.
His daughter took a step toward him, a cruel
acritation convulsing her frame. Her arms
rlronoed. and her hands were clasped together,
It seemed as if she would have knelt before
him.
"Father I O father 1" She cried, in "an an
guished appeal. Father, speak to me I"
mat meaaini? crv wwt tu wo buui,
He forgot his daughter's error, remembering
Hint she was hia child his only child. His
heart melted within him. He silently opened
nis arms, and -with, a gasping, ery ignatia
sprang forward and was folded to bis breast.
For a little while there was silence between
thm. broken only by the iriii's sobs and the
Hnft caresaos the Colouel showered upon her
head aud face. Theu he drew her to a a Ufa,
still enfolding her m hia arms.
"Father," whispered Ignatia. brokenly, "do
you know Has Aunt Jacob told yon
,ir 1 AT.
"l kuow au, my aauguter, nuawureu sue
Colonel eently.
And you forgive mo You will not cease to
love me
The father answered only by a sort caress,
Her terror and angnish aroused his tenderness
and pity, and he had never in all her life loved
her with such a yearning love as he felt for her
at thia moment when she lay trembling against
his breast.
"Aunt Jacob has told me of your marriage,
Ignatia," he said. I will not upbraid you for
keeping the matter a secret from me all these
years. How long is it since you saw Captain
Holm?"
It is nearly three years, father, was the
low reply. 1 have not seen him since the
child was three mouths old."
Do you love him still asked the Colonel.
"Oh, no, no!" she murmured. "I would
rather die than live with him as his wife!"
And this ohild is yours and his
"Yes. father: but she is not like him in
character."
The Colonel looked at the little creature
She was ecaroely three years old, and it was
easy to see that she had inherited no taint of
her profligate father's nature.
What is your name, little one asked the
ColonaL
Georna Redruth, was the prompt answer,
The Colonel held out one hand with a smile
to the child. When he had throned his tiny
namesake upon hia knee his daughter knew
that Bhe was roreiven.
She presently raised her head from its rest
ing-place, and told mm ner story, it oinereu
Utile from the narrative Miss Redruth had al
ready given her brother. It seemed, indeed
to the father, as he heard her, that the girl
had beeu "more Binned against than Binning.
Do you suppose," he asked, "that Captain
Holm knows now that you are an heiress r"
I am sure he does not," mewered the de
tterted voung wife. H he had kno n it he
woid have returned to me. He never dreumed
that you were tho next heir to poor Uncle.
Ralph."
"You parted in a quarrel r
"Yes, father but it was not a suddt.ni out
break. He came home one day from the town
whore his regiment was stationed in a terrible
humor. We found afterward that every ofhcei
iu his regiment had cut hun, 'for conduct an
becoming au officer aud a gentleman.' He was
obliged to sell out his commission as soon as
possible after that.
He was full of rage, which he vented upon
me. He cursed himself for railing in love witn
me. when he niieht have won an heiress.
At last he took his effects and moun' his
horse, and rode toward Hlealord at .unous
pace. I have never seen him Binot. I do not
know whether he is livinsr or doua.
Your young life shall not be blighted by this
scoundrel!" cried the Colouel. The law shall
free you from any claims he may choose to
make upon you wheu he discovers that his de
serted wife is really au heiress. My first move
ment Bhall be to procure you a release from the
villain.
And until you have obtained a divorce from
nun, we win not go to itedrutn.
Will they let me keep my child I asked ig
natia.
Of course, dear.
Dear father." she said, softly. my whole
life Bhall try to show my love and gratitude to
you."
Before the Colonel could reply. Miss Red
ruth e talked into the room, unmistakably anx
ious.
A single glanoe set her mind at rest.' The
Colonel held his grandchild on hie knee, and
Ignatia was looking up at him with grateful
eves.
"an IB iorgiven ana lorgotten, saia tne
Colonel cheerfully. "Ignatia and the child
will start for London with me by the morning
train.
I will not take her to Redruth while that
scoundrel has the Bhadow of a claim upon her,
The evening was passed pleasantly and with'
out restraint. No further allusion was made
to Captain Holm, and Colonel Redruth told
stories of hiB Indian hfe. oharmincr hia hearers
into forgetfulneBB of Ignatia's profligate hus
band.
At about 2 o'clock, the next day Colonel Red
ruth, Ignatia, aad the httie Georgia took their
leave of Miss Redruth, and drove away from
the Moor.
They were obliged to wait nearly an hour
for the mail down train.
The gray dust was- tailing mu moy
stesmed into the station at Huntingdon. A
porter entered and, lighted the. ceiling lamp
and went out again.
Suddenly two young men om sauntering
along the platform. 1 v.
Uuo approached tne qoor ui mw bu
pied by Colonel Redruth's family atia loonea
1 J .1 ,1 1 ruu Ail t. n A
in. auim gaiuo iuwiu.u
ytiui!;,' men, and ushered them into the very
carriage occupied by the returned soldier.
Ignatia nurnediy ursw cr ti
face, and sank back upon her seat trembling
and panic-stricken. Colonel Redruth noticed
that she seemed to cower in uio nuauuwa w
Jaer corner. i
Tho next instant tne train was once more ou
its switt way to the southward.
Colouel Redruth looked at tne intruder
closely. One of them was an ordinary looking
young man in military unnorm, witu m iuuu
laugh and pompous manner. The Colonel
did not beBtow upon him a second glance.
His oompanion was Blonder, tall and grace
fill, and with a dashing, spirited air. His
manner was "a 'strange compound of grace, in
solence ana gentiemanirness. lie was or uona
complexion, his lereneea nign, tus eyes or a
bluish-gray, and possessed of a-strange power
of attraction aud fascination. Uib eyes re
minded the Colonel, oddly enough, of the eyes
of an Indian eerpent.
That man looks line an angeir tneugnt
the Colonel. "And I believe bo is at heart a
He withdrew tus gaze siowiy. At tne same
inatant Iguatia breathed into hia ear:
That is ne my nuspanu i
For tne continuation of this story tho his
tory of the divorce Buit. its strange develop
ments ana rcsuitvsee tne new xora jueager
dated October 11th, which is now ready and
for Bale at all the news depots. If you are net
convenient to a news office, send three dollar
to Robert -Bonner, publisher,-New Yerk city,
and the Ledger will oe sent to you by mail for
one year.
Symptoms of Liver Complaint, aud of
some ef the Diseases produced bj it.
A sallow or vol low color of-skin, or
yellowish brown spots on face and other
parra of body uuilnees and drowsiness
with frequent headache,;; dizziness, bitter
or bad taste in mouth, dryness of throat
and internal heat palpitation, in many
cases a arv leasing cougn, -witn sore
throat, unsteady appetite, raising of
fopd, choking sensation in throat dis
tress, lieaviness, or bloated ox full feel
ing about, stomach and sides, pain in
sides, tacfc or breast, and about shoul
ders colic pain and soreness through
bowels, with, heat; constipation,.. alter
nating with frequent attacks of diarrhoea
piles, flatulence, nervousness, coldness
of extremities .msh of blood to head,
wimjsvnjntoina oi apopiexy, numoness
of limbs, especially at night cold chills
alternating with hot flashes, kidney and
urinary difficulties female weakness,
dullness, low spirits, unsociability and
gloomy forebodings. Onlv few of above
symptoms liKeiy to De present in any
case at one time. All who use Doctor
Pierce's Alt. Ext. or Golden Medical
Discovery for Liver Complaint and its
uompncations, are ioua in its praise.
Sold by all first-class druggists. 567
Llwyngwril, Yugs-Las, Caersws-Chev-
llof and Wuddgwrestll are some of the
railway stations in Wales which trouble
travellers to pronounoe.
Perfection has been obtained in the
manufacture of J. Monroe Taylor's Cream
Yeast Baking Powder.- All ladies who
have used it universally exclaim, there
is nothing like it."
a- r k V
For Dyspepsia,
Indigestion, depression of spirits, and
general debility in their various forms
also, as a preventive against fever and
ague, and other intermittent levers, tne
1 erro-Phoephorated Elixir of tJali-
saya;" made by Caswell, Hazard Co.,
New; York, and sold by all druggists, is
the best tonic, and as a tonic for patients
recovering from -fever or other sickness,
it has no equal.
".What I Know, I Know," said the
great surgeon, Magendie. "Give me
stubborn f nets I care not for theories.
This is sound doctrine. Possibly a med
ical martinet might be able, in a plausi
ble way, to show why Db,. Walker's
Vinegar Bitters oiujht not to cure indi
gestion, Headache, Nervousness, Livor
Complaint,-Muscular Diseases and Mias
matic Fevers but ns they do in every
instance effect that object, his fine theory
would be a waste of words. As Magen
die said, the world demands facts, not
speculative opinions.
A Missionary Just returned, ays he
regards Johnson's Anodne Liniment"
as beyond all price, and efficacious be
yond any other medicine. It is adapted
to a great variety of special cases, and is
the best pain killer iu the worl4.
Fevers seldom make an attack without
warning and may often De turown on
by soaking the feet in warm water,
wrapping up warm in bed, and taking
two or three of Parson's Purgative
Pills." s
You should write to Jlftv Charles W.
Hassltr, No. 7 Wall Street, New York, if
you wish to buy or sell any Railroad
iionds.
FlNAJfCUL.
Investment Securities,
Jay Cooke k Co., ore now selling, and reoommend a
a profitable and safe Investment ior all classes, th First
Mortgage 7SO Gold Bonds of the Northern Psoiflo
Railroad Company, bearing Seven and Three-Tenths
per cent, gold interest (more than 8 per cent, currency),
and secured by first and only mortgage on the entire
Road and equipments, and on more than SO,000 Acres
of Land to every mile of track, or 600 Acres of Land so
each $1,000 Bond. The highest current prioe will be
paid for U. 8. Five-Twenties, and all other marketable
Securities received in exchange. Pamphlets, maps and
full information, as well oh the bonds themselves, will be
furnished on application by Jay Cooke ft Co., Phila
delphia, New York and Washington, and by most Bonks
and Bankers throughput the coun r
An Anchor to Windward.
It is good seamanship, when there is reason to expect
heavy weather, to drop an anchor to windward.
We are in the midst of the season o chills and fever
The sui-e preventive of this distressing malady Is Hostet-
ter's Stomach Bitters. A course of that wholesome ve
table tonic will render an attack impossible. Take the
hint and drop (is anchor to vintitmrd.
Weak stomachs ore most. liable to be disordered late
in the autumn, when the changes of temperature are
marked and frequent. Hostettar's Bitters fortifies the
stomach against the effects of these variations. Let
dyspeptics make a note ol the fact, and drop am anchor to
Mitncftrard.
The liver i more sensitive when the weather is oontin
uslly alternating between the warmth of summer and
the cold of winter than at any other period of the year.
This is peculiarly the season of such alterations. Let
the bilious remember that Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
is essentially an anti-bilious medioine, and drop an i
ehor Jo windward.
The wisest pj&n is; to forestall evil. The next best
thing is to arrest it. For disorders of the stomach, ir
regularities of the bowels, and all periodical fevers, take,
as soon as the complaint develope Itself, Hostetter's
Stomach Bitter.
FOR
THE BEST PERMANENT
Agency, addrews Box 11, Warsaw, Ohio.
2 s7n sTs, rs for ti rat-class Pianos. Sent on trial.
No
Asents.
Address U. S.
PIANO Co., U
Broadway. N. Y.
BOOK AGENTS WANTED,
TOR TWO NKW AND IKIPI'LAB WORKS.
KNOTS UNTIED
Or. Thk Hidden Life of Amkkicas Detectives. It
discloses the whole Detective system. Twenty thousand
copies sold in thirty d.iys.
A WOMAN'S PILGRIM AGK
To the Holt Lavd, by Mrs. 8. M. Griswold. This work
Bives her experiences during a tour through Europe and
the East, in company with "Mark Twnin" and the
"Quaker City" party. We offer extra term and prenii
nms to Accrf. Semi for oireulars. dr. B. BIT Rl,
j V D K A S'O.. Chicago. IU and Hartford. Oonp.
BURDSALL'S
ARNICA LINIMENT.
An Invaluable Cure for
Bums, SosAcls, Sprains,
RHEUMATISM, INFLAMMATION, stre.
A single application allays the pain from a burn the
instant it is applied.
NO FAMILY SHOULD BE WITHOUT IT.
J W.i Proprietor. R. H. McDoil- C., DmntUu I
G-t Awnto, Sua FnuxfeM. Cll.. u4 M 0t tUmU N. I.
MILLIONS Bear TeMlaaaar te their
Wonderful Catatlve Effects."
They an not a vile Fancy Drink, Made of Poor
Ram, Mtilnkey, Proof Spirits and Refuse
Llqnara deotored, ipioed and sweetened to pfcaat the
taata. called "Tonlce," "Appetltere," "ReirtOrmV'&o.,
that lead the tippler on to drunkenneei andruin.but are
a true Medicine, made from the Native Rnote and Harbe
of California, free front all Alcoholic Kllmu-
laata. They are the GREAT BLOOD JPCHI.
FIERand A LIFE GIVING PRINCIPLE.
a perfect Renovator and Invinomtor of the System,
oarrylng off all polaonout matter and restoring theblood
to a healthy condition No person can take these Bit
ters according to dlrtwtlons and remain long unwell,
provided their bones are not destroyed by mineral
poison or other mesne; and the- Vital organs wsjted
beyond the point of repair. m t
They are a Gontle Pursrallvo aa wotl an
Tonic, possessing, alno. the peculiar merit ef set Ing
as a powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inflam
mation of the Liver, and all the Visceral Organs.
rOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS, liiyoungea
old, married or single, at the devrn or womanhood or el
the turn at life, those Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For Inflammatory and Chronic Itlteumav
tlsm and Gout, Dyspepsia or Indigestion,
Billons, Remittent and Iuteruiiucut Ke.
ore, Dlseaeee of the Blood, Liver, Kid.
neys and Bladder, those Bitter have been most
successful. Bach Diseases sr canoed by Vltialvd
Blood, which is generally produced by derangement
of the Digestive Organs.
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTIO Bead
ache. Pain in the Shoulders, Cousin, Tigbtne. .he
Chest. Dtsslbeas, Sour Eructations of the Stntuaah,
Bad Taste in the Mouth. Bilious Attacks, Palpitation of
the Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs Pain in the re
gions ef the Kidneys, and a hundred other painful symp
toms, are the offsprings of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach and stimulate torpid
Liver and Bowels, which render them of uioo,ualted
efficacy in cleansing the Clood of all impurities, and im
parting new life and Vigor to the whole system.
FOR SKIN DISEASES, Eruptions, Tetjer, Halt
Rheum, Blotches, Spots, Pimples, Pustules, Hulls, Car
bunales, Ring-Worms. Scald Head. Sore Byes, Hryid pe
ls. ItchSourfs, DiscolomtlonH of the Skin, fiusaorssud
Diseases of the Skiu. of wliatever name or nature, are
lltsralv dug up and carried out of the system in a short
time by the use ot these Bitters. One bottle In such
eases wili eonvlnce the meet incredulous of their cure
tive effects.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you Bad its Im
purities bursting through the akin in Pimples, Erup
tions or Bore cleanse it when yon find it obstructed
and sluggish In the veins! cloans It when it is foul,
and your feelings will tell you when. Keep the hlooU
pare, and the health of the system will follow.
Pin, Tape, and other Worm, lurking in the
system of so many thousands, or effectually destroyed
and removed. Says distinguished physiologist,
there is scarcely on individual upon the face of the
earth whose body Is exempt from the presence of
worms. It is not upon the healthy elements of the
body thst wormn exist, but upon the diseased hnmors
and slimy deposits that breed these living monsters of
disease. No System ef Medioine. no vormifus-es, no
anthelmintic will free the aystem from worms like
these Bitters.
f. WALKXR, Proprietor. R. B. MCDONALD CO,
Druggists and Gen. Agents, Ban Pranclsco, Oallfornla,
and 31 and S Oommeroe Street, New York.
arBOLU BY ALL DRUB8I8TB AND DBALKR&
Relieved and cured by Dr. Sherman's Patent Appliance
and Oomponnd. Office 607 Broadway, N. Y. Bend 10c.
for book with photographic likenesses of oases before sod
after cure, with Henry Ward Beeeher'e oaee, letters and
portrait. eware of traveling imposters, who pretend to
have been assistants of Dr. Shkkman.
8 O'CLOCK.
8 m HIXTuS representing S1AS, sent ss a airintinr for
foraoc J R. 8KAOORD, Garret Wills. O.
OPIUM EATERS tdt hA mirMi of th
habit, ddroa T. K. CLARKE, M. D Mfc Vernon, O
w
AJITEI. Parties who hT a rery smaJl oapital,
or ovn ttivm seoaritv. and vrA deairoufl of niAkinr
uiuurjj its at UK u v, uvnuiauin, uicnnniiu uiiniurtw r v uuiii.
or to travel. Address M M. TILTON, Pituburnh. Pa.
FOB Al.E. Farm or 1TO Aerea, fiood
for Dairy, Grain or Cranberries. Fronts on navi-
Sable river, at terminus of new Railroad. Has a Home
larket at Oonnty Beat. Honse of six rooms. Good
?srn. Price $3,600 half cash. Write to Mrs. MARY
AYXOR. Mays Landing, AtlsntioOo., New Jewoy
I Read This
w
WILL PAT ABF.SITS A SALARY
IT ot SSOner week, and expenses, or allow a
large commission, to sell our new wonderful inventions.
Anaress. m. iyauhhihuo,, MarBh.au, Mioh.
MTJNN CO., Publishers
American, ST Pork Row, N. Y., obtain
Patents everywhere. -Twenty-five
Tears' exnerienos. Evervtniria- oonti-
owntisL Bsnd for tateiit Laws and Giiirin to Tiiy.'-,-.,.
WAMTKI.-AresU IerywksreT Male
and female. $60 per week permanently. Ad
dross J. HENRY 8YMOND8, No. 4 Liberty Sq.. Boston.
PnPC Try s sanies of our great g-psge, 1 .OO
PnPP illurtrated weekly SO years established.
A genu moks SS a day. Band for Ssttmrday a-
OKieiNAL, INBIAlf PHOTOORAPHI
of some of the Noted Indian Chiefs of the Plains.
Sent to any address on receipt of Met, by
H. G. WARREN. Mttsootoh, Eansss.
APT JPf t One Package ot Prof. Leos' Mario
H J MM, MutiJ Compound, will instnntly curl the
straightest hair of either sex, (without injury.) into wavy
ringlets, or heavy masaive Ourls, in every osse, or money
refunded. Price, 36 ots per package, post-paid, or three
forSOoents. Address
E. BOLBROOK, TJxbridge, Mass.
THE A-NECTAR
IS A PURE
BLACK TEA J
with the Orem Tea Fktror. Th
best Tea Imported, for ml smtv
?r. And for sale wholexsle only
br the Urent Atlsmtlc svnd
Pnelfle Ten On., 8 Church St.
New York. P. O. Box, SSOO.
Simd tor Thta-ltrctar Krrn'ar.
FARMERS' FAINT
We are msnafsotaiin very superior Paint at half
the prioe of ordinary into. It is Brown, but by the
addition of dry paint can be made lighter or darker. It
is mixed nady tor we, and is sold by the gallon. It is
suitable for houses, barns, fences, freight ors, depots,
boilers, smoke stacks, metal roofs, Ao We Uo manu
facture our celebrated BEAKY ROOFINU for
covering all description of roofs. For prioe lute, sam
ples, stc.. address the Reajdy RoonNO Co., No. 64
Oonrtlandt Street, New York.
CUHDURAMO
THE WONDERFUL RIMEDT FOR
CANCER, SYPHILIS. WCRpFTJLA,;' Vlc
CsiKa, SALT KHEUM AND ALL
OTHER CHRONIC 3LUUB
DISEASES.
Dr. P. T. KEENE having Jast returned from Ecuador
and brought with him a quaatiiy of the osiiieiss Cnndn
rnngro Bark, secured through th. official TWSomnien
dation and assistance of His Excellency, the President of
Ecuador and the Government of that Republic we are
lirenared to fill orders for it, to a limited extent, and at a
prioe about c-- u-rter of that whioh the cost ot the
first very small supply compelled ns to chart.
A spnrlnns article is now advertised and said as
Cunduranio. Ws have, at a considerable expense, and
with the ea-operation of the authorities of Lola, the
province where the plant grows, so directed the channel
of our supply as to ensure that none but the genuine
nrtlcle shall be sold by us. and we particularly oll the
attention of the publio, for their protection, to this fact.
BLISS, KEENE CO.,
O Cedar 1st., New York.
D. W. BLISS. M. D., Washington. D. C: Z. E. BLISS,
M. P., New York P. T. KERSK. M. P.. New York.
siMts ewe OrnedV IMsTess but there or no dissen
ters from the general principle, that a great medicine is
crest blessing. We have many of then blessings, but
among them all, in the province to whioh it belongs, no
greater than
Tarrant's Effervescent Beltier Aperient.
A column would sot suffiee to enumerate the ailments
for which it is preboribed by physicians of the highest
standing. It does not belong to the olasa de -isively
termed patent medicines, but it is an article based m soi
entifto analysis, and will stand the test of the abarpes t
and most rigid uiedioal eritioism as oathorMo, a stom
achic, sn onti-febrile preparation, and an admirable
remedy for all bilious complaints. Leg there ne nn
mlstnfrn. Secsrs tnesrenalne nrtleln ov.1t.
BOLD BY ALL DRUUiilSTU..
REDUCTION OF PRICES.
TO CONFORM TO
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
Great Saving To Consumers
BY SETTING TP CLVRS.
ay. g,,,,! for nr New Price List end Olnb form will
accompany it, containing full directions making a larg
saving to oonsumers nd remunerative to olub organiser
THE GREA.T AMERICAN TEH CO.
II ASS YESET STREET,
P. O. Box SMS. NEW YORK.
u. t. lev. Osu
Noi