VOLLME XI.-NUMBER 1774.
CHARLESTON, FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER I, 1871.
A DISMAL PICTURE.
A. VISIT TO THE VICTIMS OF PRESI?
DENT GRANT'S PROCLAMATION.
How the Alleged Ka Klux are Treated
before Conviction-Their Quarters and
their Fare-What they Say, dec.
(FROX OUR OWN COK RESPONDENT.
COLUMBIA, S. C., October 28.
With the permiS8lou of Marshal Johnson
visited the jail yesterday, where a number of
United Stales prisoners, charged with being
members of the Ku-Klux Klan, are confined.
When I presented my credentials to the Sheriff,
Mr. F razee, for admission, the following conver?
sation took place between that gentleman and
and your correspondent:
Correspondent. I came here, Mr. Sheriff,
to see the United States prisoners charged
with being members of the Ku Klux organiza?
tion.
Sheriff, (hesitating.) Well, I don't know
about that. I permitted a newspaper man to
visit tfrem a day or two ago, and he went aw? j
and wrote some things for bia paper in refer?
ence to the prisoners and the condition of the
cells in which thej were confined that were
not true.
Correspondent. I assure you, Mr. Sheriff,
that will not be my case, as I Intend to write
the truth, the whole truth, and nothicg but
the truth.
Sheriff. There, that will do. Your own face
md the character of the paper YOU represent
Vre sufficient to satisfy me. It you go up those
yonder, you will meet Mr. Williams, the
^sheriff of Beaufort County, who will show
ie way. Uncle Sam, through the intiu
rx*> of Marshal Johnson and Judge Bond, sent
lim up here to assist me in my arduous dulles.
I thanked the sheriff and weet lo the direc?
tion he indicated, when I met Mr. Williams,
who at once brought me to the end of a large
hallway lo the right wing of the building. He
then unlocked and swung open a heavy door
leading to a corridor about six feet wide,
along which were located the cells ol the
prisoners from Spartanburg County.
THE GLOOMY ABODE
o? those unfortunate men was anything but
pviting, and for that reason I entered lt with
some reluctance. But once inside, I deter- J
mined to go through wits, my visit. So when
the great door closed alter?me I pushed
on through the crowd to examine the
cells, as I was anxious to get out as
soon as possible. It was not, I assure you, a
pleasing sight, and I have no desire whatever
to visit that wretched place again. There are i
six cells on this wing, where the prisoners
are incarcerated, which are said to measure
eight by twelve feet each. There are forty- ?j
two men Di these cells, not all United States t
prisoners, so that at night there are seven per- J
sons In each cell, who have neither beds,
ma1 tresses nor benches, nothing, in fact, but t
the bar*) floor to He upon, with little covering;
Indeeff, one of the prisoners told me that the c
few blankets they had amongst them were
their own, which they carried with them from 1
home, and that they suffered at night from t
the effects ol cold.
THE FOOD,
I was informed, was bad and insufficient, J
and the statement thus made by one ot the
prisoners was confirmed by a distinguished
physician o? this city, who stated to me to-day
that in the market, yesterday, a batcher told
him that nothing but meat of the poorest kind
was sent to the jail; and I ara told that the
bread ls, also, of a very inferior quality. Each
prisoner gets three small loaves and three?
-quarters of a pound of this offal meat dally,
and nothing else except water. One of the
.county prisoners, a United States soldier, who
ia^erviog out three months' imprisonment for
dib mitt lng an acsault upon a citizen ot Colum-
bia, Informed me that lt was Impossible to eat
the meat with which the prisoners were fur- i
?nished, the quality was so bad. j
THE CELLS
are on the first story. They are rather dark,
and have a disagreeable smell. There are so i
many men crowded together In BO small a i
space without regard io sanitary require*
mente, that it cannot be otherwise. But, In-
aemuch as we live In a civilized community, it I
ls to be hoped that better fare and more roomy I
?quarters will be provided lor those suspected i
people. As I passed through the cells, I con- I
versed freely with
THE PRISONERS,
many of whom seemed very anxious to rssure
me that they were members ol' the Ku-Klux
Organization, and were willing to tell all they
knew about it. They believe als course to be
the safest, in order to get or e ot the hands of
the law; they believe that by so doing the Uni-
ted States Government will permit them to re-1,
turn to their homes at an early day, at least
whetr their trial comes off this month before i j
Judge Bond. One man in particular, named I,
James Davis, told me that he was a member of
the Union League, a Republican, secret, oath
bound society, out was compelled t join the
Ku-Klux, as somebody told him that li j
he did not he would get whipped. 11
There were about fifteen prisoners I
more, who told me that they joined -.he Ku
Klux through lear; that they were pr?t ent and
helped to whip negroes, but none c f them
could give any information about the r lead?
ers, as they did not know their namer; and if I
they did, declared that they would glv i full in
formation to the United States au'noritles.
Amongst them is a man named Zebeiee Cant?
well, sixty-six years of age. He also onfessed
to be a member of the Klan, althour. h I could
not very well understand- from bim what use
the Klan could possibly make of him as he al?
leged be never attended a meeting .nd knew
nothing whatever of the leaders. I heard
all of
THEIR STORIES
with patience, but they were so conf tised and I i
terribly mixed that I placed very little reil-1
ance on them, and would be very slow with?
out strong corroborating testimony to believe
any of the self-confessed criminals under oath.
Their tales of Ku-Klux tyranny are evidently
as untrustworthy as their own personal ap?
pearance indicate, and the public should be
slow to take any notice of their wild and Inco
bdfent statements, most of which I have good
reason to believe are mere fabrications, wholly 11
unworthy of consideration or belief. 1
KU-KLU:: CRUMBS.
[From the Columbia Union
-A traveller passing through the tty from
Chester on Sunday, reports that on Saturday.
two disturbances took place in Chester village, 1
one pf which for a time threatened very
Seriems results. From tbe information given j
by the source we have mentioned, it appears
the first trouble was caused by an attempt made
to arrest a man by the jailor. The second, lt
seems, was caused by an attempt of the
deputy town marshal to arrest a colored man, 1
the arrest being resisted by the man's friends, 1
when it is said the marshal fired into the party
wounding one man severely. The marshal af-
terwards taking refuge In a store, the mob
tore down the rear ot the building to reach
him, when the military appeared on tbe scene,
took the marshal under protection, and dis
Sirsed the gathering. This is the way it is
ld us. Probably further particulars will be
known to-day.
-We have received information from the c
most r. liable authority, to the effect that on
Thursday of last week an armed band made
their appearance In the village of New Pick
ens. The persons were all mounted and wore
their arms unconcealed, were provided with
r?lions, ic. They lnquried for United States
maps, and stated tbey were leaving South
Carolina lor food and were on their way to
Georgia. Noue ol the citizens of the village 2
could recognize any of the party. j??
-Saturday, as the train was on its way w
through, on the Charlotte. Columbia and Au- tl
gusta road, a brakeman against whom a United
tates warrant had been issued, was taken off si
by a deputy marshal, and confined in the Jail S
of this city. The manner of this was so sud- a
den that several persons were somewhat sur- p
prised. We learn the charges are ot a Ku- c
Klux nature. _
KU-KLUX LAWS IN KENTUCKY.
LEXINGTON, KT., October 30.
The Mayor and many officials of this city have
been arrested on an indictment from the Fed
erai Court, charging them with felony, grow- v
lng 014t of disturbances at the August elec- j 0
Uons.
AFFAIRS IS GREENVILLE.
[FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.]
GREENVILLE, 8. C., October 26.
The weather here Is unaccountable. It is
the 26ih of October, and the lightest, daintiest
frosts tbat could possibly be visited us a
month since, and for some time past the
weather has been summer-like, with the ther?
mometer from sixty-five to seventy-five de?
grees. It has been cloudy, misty, showery,
and seldom has much rain fallen. The lilac
and golden bell are In bloom, the potato
vines all flourishing, and gardens luxuriant.
The cotton ls In full bloom, and everything
feeling like early September. As I write the
thermometer ls seventy-five decrees.
The crops of cotton and corn are somewhat
more than one-half. Both old and new corn
are plentiful and cheap. Next month the
taxes come, and there will be great demand
for money to pay them, and the farmers will
be compelled to make great sacrifices ot cotton
and corn to be ready to pay them. It will be
very hard and oppressive to tl em, and the tax
collector informs us that If not paid up by 15th
January. 1872, twenty per cent, will certainly
be added. So what ls to become of the Gov?
ernor's promise to the Taxpayers'Convention
Judge Bryan and family are here awaiting a
frost Tn your city. Ex-Governor Perry is in
fine heulth, and rides out of an afternoon su
aol)!? steed like a young man. No politics
here._SOMERS.
CHANGES IN THE COTTON TRADE.
[From the New Yoik Post.]
Contracts for the future delivery of staple
productions were first made soon after the
wars of Napoleon, at Stettin, on the Baltic.
The articles dealt in were graiu and rapeseed
jil. This method of doing business was sug?
gested by the military contracts of the French
jccupatlon, and by the stock transactions ol
Loudon and Paris.' The merchants ol Bremen
md Hamburg adopted the contract system as
soon as telegraphic communication was opened
3n the continent, and when England joined
.be continental system by submarine cable,
he German merchants at Liverpool adopted
he firm offer method in their hourly trans?
itions with the continent. Agents were placed
n the principal cotton-spinning districts, and
JO them these "firm offers" were made.
The changes in the price of cotton during
)ur late war lent additional zest and impetus
io this mode o? transacting business, and,
nercurial as the cotton market ever had been,
t was rendered more so by this innovation.
The effect of any changes tn political or mer?
cantile affairs was felt at once, and the good
>ld times of a leisurely commission business
>y correspondence passed away. Purchases
md sales "to arrive," by telegraph, were at
?nee added to the "firm offers," and the
vhole machinery thus created now rules the
lotton, the grain, provisions and petroleum
?changes of Europe and America. Firms
in willi Dg to conform to the new system began
o lose their most valuable commercial
ionnectioos, and at last reluctantly yielded.
Phe present aud Immediate future being cou
Inually anticipated, or, in technical phrase,
'discounted," the future contract business in
ireased dally, and now greatly exceeds the so
sailed "spot" or Immediate delivery business,
n correspondence, the daily quotations ceased
o be Interesting except so lax as they related
o actual private transactions, and unless one
tad sufficient strength ot mlud and boldness
o canvass the future ol politics, finances and
crops, his letters were laid aside with provok
Dg indifference.
One-half ot the business of the telegraph, on
and and In the sea, now turns upon transact?
ions anticipating the future, and more than
mu the time of our active merchants ls spent
n the open thoroughfares and on exchange,
n shaping their course according to the vary
ng values ol the staple In which they deal,
solid grocery articles alone are free from this
change, but the indications are that they will
ioon yield to the new order of tuinas.
The "future" cotton business, so-called, in
.his city, already exceeds that of Liverpool,
k spinner may Bell a quantity of goods to de?
lver at any future time, and can Immediately
cover his contract by buying a proportionate
lumber of bales of cotton. A planter may
consider a certain price to be remunerative,
ind can Instantly dispose of his entire crop
nany days before lt is picked or ginned. The
cotton bualneje, so far as the handling of the
Article itself ls concerned, ls evidently about
:o leave this city to some extent and return to
to the cotton ports, where the European spin?
ier prefers to bny. But these "future" con?
tracts are an important substitute, and by
means of them the cotton business of New
fork will be fully maintained.
THE WEATHER THIS DAT.
WASHINGTON, October JO.
The barometer will probably fall In New Tork
ind New England, with southwesterly winds
JU the lower lakes, steering northwest, on
Tuesday. The pressure will Increase wittr|
ight northerly winds on the upper lakes. A
storm of some severity will be developed in
the lower Mississippi valley and move north?
eastward to the Ohio valley. Brisk easterly
winds, with cloudy and threatening weather,
?viii prevail od the sooth Atlantic coast. Cau
ilonary signals are ordered for this evening at
Sew Orleans, Buffalo and Oawego.
ITsaUrdajr's Weather Keporu or th?
Sigual Service. V. S. A.-4.4T P. AI.
Local Time.
Place of
Observation.
Augusta..30.30
Baltimore.80.89
BoBtOB.30.31
Buiralo, N. V.... 29.98
3hanestou.30.26
Cheyenne, W. T.. 28.62
Jhicagu.30.2"
wucinnatl.30.31
Jieveland.30.09
Jorlnne, Utah... 30.13
Detroit.30.09
Duluth. Minn... 30.83
Indianapolis_30.12
Key West, Fla.. 29.94
Knoxville, Tenn. 30.21
Lake City. Fla.. 30.0s
Memphis, Tenn.. 30.01
Milwaukee, Wis, 30.22
Mobile.30.04
sash ville.30.19
Sew London, ct. 30.3c
Sew Orleans_29.90
sew York.30.39
)maha, Neb.30.24
)swego, N. Y.... 30.05
Philadelphia.30.37
?ittsburg, Pa.... 30.22
'ortland. Me.... 30.31
iochester, N. Y. 30.00
ian Francisco.. 30.12
Savannah.30.24
>L Louis. 30.18
it. Paul, Minn.. 30.29
i'oledo, 0.30.09
v'a;hlugton,DC. 30.36
nm mg ton, N C. 30 35
iorrolk.30.38
lynchburg.30.37
leavenworth.... 30.34
.'ape May.130.40
lt. Washington. 130.2d
SS
c
Si
NE
'S
SE
61 W
68 NE
40 N
45 NE
67 Calm
62 NW
47 NW
62 W
34?NW
67; calm.
83 B
67|W
77iE
70 SE
46?NW
78 NE
71 S
45 SW
72 E
50SE
3? NE
55 S
Fres
Ugh..
Gentle.
Brisk.
Fresh.
Brisk.
Gentle.
Gentle,
?entle.
Fresh.
Light.
65 SW
70SW
42 3
62 S
66 Calm,
69 NE
52 N
87 N
67 SW
57 SE
65 E
59* SE
57IS
36 NE
52S
23NW
Brisk.
Gentle.
Fresh.
Fresh.
Gentle.
Fresh.
Light.
Gentle.
Fresh.
Fresh.
Fresh.
Fresh.
Light.
Gentle.
Gentle.
Fresh.
Brisk.
Brisk.
Gentle.
Kresh.
Light.
Gentle.
'Jentie.
Gentle.
Fresh.
Fresh.
Gentle.
Cloudy.
Fair.
Fair.
Thr'ng.
Fair.
Cloudy.
Cloudy.
Cloudy.
Smoky.
Clear.
Cloudy.
Cloudy.
Cloudy.
Clear.
Cloudy.
Fair.
Cloudy.
Cloudy.
Cloudy.
Cloudy.
Clear.
Lr. Rain
Clear,
cloudy.
Cloudy.
Fair.
Fair.
Cloudy.
Cloudy.
Fair.
Misty.
Cloudy.
Fair.
Cloudy.
Fair.
Clear.
Hazy.
Cloudy.
?Lt. Rain
Clear.
?Cloudy.
NOTE.-The weather resort dated 7.47o'ciock,
his morning, will be posted in the rooms of the
hiamberof Commerce at 10 o'clock A. M.. and,
ogether with the weather chart, may (by the
ourtesy of the Chamber) be examined by ship
uasters at any time dunns: the day.
?ESIGNA TION AND FLIGHT OF A CAR?
PET-BAG GOVERNOR.
ATLANTA, October 30.
Governor Bullock resigned his office on the
3d. to take effect to-day, and at 3 o'clock P.
L Benjamin Conley, president of the Senate,
raj insulted as Governor. Bullock's r?signa
on was written before his flight to New
ork. Great excitement prevails. The
latement, a few days back, that Charles L.
chlatter, superintendent of the Brunswick
nd Albany Railroad, had left with railroad
roperty ls Incorrect. There ls nothing wrong
barged against Schlatter.
SPARKS FROM THE WIRES.
-The Apaches are again raiding among the
rhite settlements in Arizona.
-Evans, the agent for the State of Pennsyl
anla, ls discharged from arrest on the charge
I embezzlement but is held to bail in $100,000
o appear on a capias.
THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
CLOSING PROCEEDINGS OF THE TRI?
ENNIAL GENERAL CONVENTION.
The nt nat of the Ritual Canon-Action
of the Bishops on the Administration
of the Sacrament-Tne Pastoral of the
Presiding Bishop-Comments of the
Press on the Action of the Co nv tnt ion.
The readers of THE NEWS have already been
briefly informed that the Episcopal Triennial
Convention in Ballimore, previous to its final
adjournment on Thursday last, voted on the
canon on the ritual as reported by the special
committee and passed by the House of Bish?
ops, which was lost for want of a constitution?
al majority, the vote being taken by dioceses
and orders. The result was as follows Cler. -j
leal, for, 20; against, 13; divided, 7; lay, for,
18; against, 14; divided, 2. The following ex?
tracts from the detailed report will be found
Interesting
ADORATION OF COMMUNION ELEMENTS.
A message was received from the House of
BUhops. with a .resolution for concurrence in
the adoption of the following canon, to be en
titled Canon-:
'.The elevation of the elements in the Holy
Communion in such a manner as to expose
them to the view of the people, as objects to?
wards which adoration is to be made in or
after the prayer of consecration, or in the act
ot administering them, or in carrying them to
or from the communicants, and any gesture,
posture or act Implying such adoration, and
any ceremony not prescribed as part of the
order of t ue administration of the Lord's Sup?
per or Holy Communion, in the Book of Com?
mon Prayei, and the celebration or reception
ot the Holy Communion by any bishop or
priest, when no person receives with him;
likewise the use at auy administration of the
Holy Communion of any hymns, prayers, col?
lects, epistles or gospels, other than those ap?
pointed^ the authorized formularies of the
church, or under section 14 of canon 13, title 1
of the Digest, are hereby forbidden.
The House, on motion, proceeded to the im?
mediate consideration of the message.
Rev. Dr. DeKoven, of Wisconsin, said this
was a most momentous question, touching the
whole doctrine of the Holy Kucharlet. The ob?
jection to this canon is that it bears upon doc?
trine. It proposes to prohibit things as teach?
ing false doctrine, which may not teach false
doctrine. He believed lu the real actual pres?
ence of our Lord tn the form of bread and wine,
and he adored them as such, and would teach
his people to do the same. He denied that
the bowings, genuflections, Ac, which have
been spoken of symbolized the doctrine of
transubstantiation, tor lt was historically true
that they were practiced long before the doc?
trine of transubstantiation was thought of.
A desultory discussion ensued, and it was
urged that it would be unfair to vote on this
subject now, as many of the deputies had gone
home, not believing lhat lt could come up any
more.
Ur. Matthews, of Massachusetts, expressed
the opinion that the extreme views set forth
by Dr. Vin ton, of that State, had had the effect
to defeat the canon ritual. He (Mr. Matthews)
believed that the decay of the church lu* Mas?
sachusetts, and it was decaying, was owing to
too little ritual. Mark the contrast between
our churches in Boston and Baltimore. In
Boston you see empty pews; In this city you
see overflowing congregations, and the reason
ls there is a little more ritualism here.
Mr. Withers, of Virginia said, speaking in
the name of nine-tenths of the laymen of that
State, have all the ritual you want, but put
down, put out of sight, the adoration of the
elements.
Mr. Brune, of Maryland, thought that this
Siesilon had not been considered in the way
at he desired to present lt. What does this
measure that has been sent in here propose to
do This canon now proposed by the bishops
was not of ritual, but there were well-grounded
reasons for viewing it as doctrine, and, lt lt
was doctrine, that was already provided for in
the articles. It ls canon blank-our reverend
lathers dare not call it a canon on ritual.
The discussion continued until 4 o'clock,
when the vote on concurrence was taken by
dioceses and order?, resulting as follows:
For. Against. Divided.
Clerical.17 18 4
Lay.18 12 3
So the message of the House of Bishops was
non-concurred In.
CEREMONIES, OBSERVANCES AND PRACTICES.
Rev. Dr. Lyman, of California, then offered
the following, which was adopted almost
unanimously, and immediately sent to the
House of Bishops for its action
Resolved, (the House of Bishops concurring,)
That this convention hereby express Its de?
cided condemnation of all ceremonies, ob?
servances and practices which are fitted to ex?
press a doctrine foreign to that set forth In the
authorized standards of thia church.
Resolved, That In the Judgment of this
House the paternal counsel and advice of our
right reverend fatherB, the bishops of the
church, is deemed sufficient at this time to
secure the suppression of all that le irregular
and unseemly,' and to promote greater uni?
formity In conducting the public worship of
the church and in the administration ot the
holy sacrament.
CLOSING CEREMONIES.
At 9.30 P. M. the bishops entered from the
robing room in the rear ot the chancel, attired
in their episcopal robes. The whole house
and the numerous spectators In the galleries
rose until the bishops had taken their posi?
tion.
The order of evening prayer was then read
by Rev. Mr. Randolph, rector of Emmanuel
Church, and Rev. Dr. Potter, secretary of the
House of Clerical and Lay Deputies, and Rev.
Dr. Leads, rector of Grace Church. The occa?
sion was most solemn and impressive, the
whole vast assembly responding with the
utmost fervor and reverence.
The venerable presiding bishop, the Right
Rev. B. B. Smith, of Kentucky, then advanced
and read the pastoral letter. The pastoral
was very lengthy, occupying an hour in the
reading. After words of godly cheer and
counsel to the flock, and congratulations on
the prosperity ot the church, lt proceeded to
allude to the ritual of the church, uot con?
demning any ceremonial but that which typi?
fies doctrines not recognized by the church,
viz the bodily presence. Saint worship ls
also discountenanced, and all that tends to i
magnify the creature at the expense of the
Creator, any obeisance to the Virgin Mary,
any prostration to mere elements, as all tend- j
ing to idolatry, also auricular confession. On
the other hand, any irreverence in the admin?
istration or reception of the sacrament ls
equally condemned, and the tendency to ir?
reverence of any sort during the worship of
Ooo, The evil of Intemperance ls strongly
touched upon, and both pastors and people
are earnestly urged to discountenance it by
voice and act.
At 11.45 P. M., Rev. Dr. Perry returned and
stated that the House of Bishops had no
further business to communicate to HUB
house.
The house then, at midnight, adjourned sine
die, alter singing the Gloria in Excelsis.
The press generally comments in approving
terms on the action and spirit of the conven?
tion. The Ballimore Gazelte says
The Triennial General Episcopal Convention,
which has been in session for three weeks,
closed last night, after having fixed upon New
York as its next place of assemblage. The
body was undoubtedly one of the most distin?
guished which ever met in this country. Its
proceedings were characterized throughout
by ability as well as great conservatism, both
on the part of the clergy and laity. Indeed,
lt was a noticeable fact that the canon upon
ritual, which, if passed, might have led to
some disturbance, was defeated by the votes
ot the laity. The resolution passed yesterday
by the lower house, referring the whole mat
:er to the bishops, and acknowledging their
authority, was eminently proper, and, Indeed
ill that could be desired.
The New York Herald remarks:
The Episcopal Convention at Baltimore has
inally decided to leave the whole subject of the
iiual canon just as they found it. The matter
was most thoroughly discussed and a very
-eneral interchanging of views was taken,
ill the members, it seems, condemned ex
reme ritualism; but some of the proposed
nodiflcat ions were obnoxious enough to defeat
;he whole reform.
The Philadelphia North American says:
A very critical position and many trying
I questions have been met, discussed in a con?
ciliatory spirit, and so disposed of as to leave a
I minimum of regret with much though hardly
with complete satisfaction to all.
CONFUSION ix NEW YORK LOCAL
POLITICS.
The Reformer? Divided-Another Tam?
many Victory Impend I rig -How
Tweed and Connolly Became million?
aires- The Musical Season-Enormous
j Sams Paid to Hear Wachtel and
Parr pa .Roja- The Ticket Speculators
Flourishing.
[FROH O?B OWN CORRESPONDENT.]
NEW YORK, October Vi
Even to an experienced New Yorker, local
politics now are almost hopelessly muddled.
Amid the multiplicity pf tickets put in the field
by the different reform and citizens' organiza?
tions, the Republicans and the Germans, the
voter who does not go with Tammany will be?
at a loss to decide how to cast his ballot so
that it will be effective. While the factions
sailing under tue colors of "Reform" are thus
demoralized by rivalry, Tammany presenta a
solid, compact Iront, and it ls growing evident
that, owing Lo her superior organization, she
will sweep the city as usual Tn the coming
election.
The Reformers might have had a chance of
success it they had united. But bow is success
possible when they oppose seven candidates
for a certain office against one nominated by
Tammany. For instance, In one of the assem?
bly districts where the Tammany candidate
lait year beat his Republican opponent by 2600
votes, there are now nominated against the
Tammany candidate, a Democratic Reformer,
and Independent Relormer, a Democratic
Unloniet, a German Democrat, a Young De?
mocracy Democrat, a Customhouse Repub?
lican and a Greeley Republican. Mr. Tweed
has a sn re thing there.
The New York Slate and county elections
take place on Tuesday, November 7. The offi?
ces to be filled are In the State, secretary of
State, comptroller, treasurer, attorney-gener?
al, State engineer, canal commissioner and
inspector of the prisons; in this Judicial dis?
trict, a ludge of toe Supreme Court in place of
Judge 'sutherland, and in this county five
State senators, twenty-one members of the
State Assembly, a county registrar, two jus?
tices of the Superior Court, a Judge ot of the
Marine Court and a judge o? the Court o? Com?
mon Pleas. For all or the Judicial and coun?
ty offices, Tammany has made what are claim?
ed to be "regular nominations." For Supreme
Court Judge, old Sutherland, who has been on
the bench fourteen years, has been thrown
ovei board. Tammany has performed a coup
d'etat by nominating in his place ("buying
up," is the proper term,) her bitterest oppo?
nent. Led wi di. who is now a petty police court
Justice. Led with carries back v*Kh him from
the "Reform" ranks to Tammany Hall a host
of personal adherents of the lower classes.
Politicians are slippery fellows. It looks as
if the taxpayers will have to depend entirely
upon the courts or the country members o?
the Legislature for their relief. With all their
money, they will be unable to reinstate honesty
n office by means of the ballot-box. They
are children when they come to measure wits
with the shrewd, long-headed politicians of
the Tweed regime.
One of the newspapers has had a swarm of
reporters employed recently searching the re?
cords of the registrar's office for evidences of
the rapidly acquired wealth of the "ring"
leaders. Mr. Tweed was a bankrupt In 1861.
Since 1868 he bas purchased real estate and
stock to the amount of $6,994,954. His earn?
ings between 1861 and 1868 ore not stated.
He bas au annual salary of about $15,000.
Comptroller Connolly was sued for debt I
In 1666, and swore m court that he owned
no property whatever. He has purchased
since 1868 property to the value of $2,300,691.
Mr. Sweeny's real estate operations are not so
conclusive of guilt, for he was a rich man be?
fore he went into politics. Since 1868 he has
bought houses and lots to the value of $1,479,
736. Nothing appears on the county records
in reference to Mayor Hall, but bis estate at
Wilburn, New Jersey, bought a few years ago,
ls valued at $150,000. There is no evidence
that he could not have paid for this out o? his
income as a member of the legal firm of
Brown, Hall and Vanderpoel, one of the most
successful in the city. This testimony serves
rather to confirm the opinion recently ex?
pressed lu the columns of the Tribune by the
Hon. Horace Greeley,which was, in the cases of j
Sweeny and Hall-guilt not proveo; In the
cases of Tweed and Connolly-guilty.
The musical season is proving very remune?
rative to the managers. The Italian Opera,
with Nilsson as the leading attraction, is a
great success. All the boxes lu the Academy
are engaged for the entire season of twenty
nights, and exorbitant rates are now being
paid lu the shape of bonuses to speculators
who are holding many of them. The combi?
nation of Wachtel with Parepa-Rosa at the
Academy ol Music on last Saturday night
drew an Immense audience, and proved a
mine of wealth to the ticket speculators. A
friend who was returning from a party In
Lexington avenue, about 2 o'clock, on Wed?
nesday morning, relates that in passing the
Academy of Music he noticed a large crowd on
the sidewalk. Surprised at such a spectacle
at euch an hour, he questioned one of the loit?
erers. "Oh," said the man "we are walling for
the box office to open." '.'When will lt
open "Eight o'clock In the morning," was
the reply. The fellow was a ticket speculator,
and had been on the ground since midnight.
To prevent the accumulation of tickets in the
bands ot speculators the office sold but tea to
any one application. Each speculator, there?
fore, bad from two to a dozen boys to help
bim. Nearly the whole house was thus bought
up, and when the general public came along
in the morning the box office had nothing to
sell and purchasers were obliged to go to the
sidewalk gentry and pay as high as $10 a piece
for tickets. The receipts at the box office
were over $6000, and lt ls estimated that the
public paid out fully $20,000 to the money
takers or the speculators for the purpose of I
hearing Wachtel and Parepa-Rosa for that
evening.
The efforts ot the managers to break up the
business of the ticket speculators are a failure.
Every conceivable device has been resorted to,
but without effect. It is impossible to prevent
tickets getting into the hands of these men,
and there is no law against their reselling
them lt they can find purchasers. The police
may drive them from the sidewalks, but they
will congregate on the street corners and way?
lay people going to the theatre. Experience
has taught most theatre patrons that If they
fall to engage tickets for themselves before?
hand, their only chance for good seats, after
the doors open, is in purchasing from the ex?
tortionists. On nights of unusual attractions
the profits of the speculators are very heavy.
One of the most successful of them iu past j
years was Fred Rullman. He made himself so
rich that he blossomed into a manager too,
and this season imported a concert troupe
from Europe. NYM.
NEWS FROM WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, October 30.
All ol the members of the Cabinet are here.
The session to-morrow will be a full one.
In the Supreme Court, to-day, was decided
the case of Cox et al vs. Lott, in error to the
Supreme Court of Alabama, the case, being a
levy by Lott, a local collector, on the boats of
plaintiff lu error, under an act of the State
Legislature providing a tax, on every craft in
the navigable waters of the State, of one dol?
lar per ton, or the registered tonnage thereof.
The decisi?n was that the State might levy a I
tax ia another form upon the value ot the
vessel, but it cannot upon the tonnage. Judg?
ment of the court below reversed and case re- j1
randed.
THE YELLOW FEVER WANING.
VICKSBURG, October 30. J
Three new cases, but no deaths. Thirty
cases pending.
NATCHEZ, October 30.
The fever ls abating. One hundred and
fifty cases pending. Sixty deaths since 8ep
tember 18. _
THE RIOT AT LOS ANGELOS.
SAN FRANCISCO, October 30.
The coroner's Jury at Los Angelos returned
a verdict of riot and murder against a number
of persons of all nationalities, for the slaughter
of the Chinese at that place.
THE OLD WORLD'S NEWS.
PARIS, October 30.
It is thought that the Assembly wili remove
ita sessions from Versailles to this city during
the winter, on account of the cold weather;
the means of protection against wjifch, In the
rooms at Versailles, are not deemed adequate.
It Is probable that Senor Buoncampagnle will
be appointed Italian minister to France.
DUBLIN, October 30.
The trial of Kelley for the murder of head
constable Talbot commenced to-day. The pris?
oner waa escorted to the court room by a body
of soldiera.
THE XOR MO y SENSATIOBT.
The Preachers and the Prison?ra.
SALT LAKE. October 30.
The prisoners are quartered comfortably.
Elder George L. Cannon arrived this morning
from San Francisco, and preached this after?
noon In the large tabernacle to an audience
numbering at least ten thousand. He coun?
selled his hearers to abstain from any act of
violence, and to submit to the law. God
would protect them and deliver them from
their persecutors. The crusade against them,
he said, would only strengthen and glorify
them in the end. Their church could not be
overturned. Their raith was the Inspiration of
the Divine Spirit, and would endure forever.
Elder Pratt was not so conservative. He
did not want any whining judge to
say to him. as he did to Hawkins,
I am sorry for you. He wanted
no sympathy from any Federal offi?
cial. He was ready to go to Jail for twenty
years, but did not want any pity from such a
source. He predicted that God would totally
overthrow and annihilate the present persecu?
tors of the Mormon people. Nothing further
has been heard from Orson Hyde, the apostle.
Ai MURDER AND* A KU-KLUX. HAUL..
NEW ORLEANS, October 30.
Solomon Elllnsteln was shot and instantly
killed by a desperado named Voorheea at Tf
greville. in Terrebonne Parish.
Six men have been imprisoned under tbe
Ku-Klux act In Grant Parish, charged with the
murder of Deios Wv White, recorder of Grant
Parish.
_ .fanerai Iff oncea.
?Sr THE RELATIVES, FRIENDS AND
acquaintances or 1fr. LUEDER ROHDE, Ur. and
Urs, C. Amme, and H. B. and D. Rohde, are re?
spectfully invited to attend the Funeral or the
former, from bis late residence, No. 4*0 King
street. THIS MORMMQ, at 9 o'clock._oci31
p*~ THE RELATIVES, FRIENDS AND
acquaintances of Mr. and Urs. HENRY B?LOKEN
and family, are respectfully Invited to attend the
Funeral of the former, from his Ute residence,
No. 6 Norman street, Tais MORN INO, at 10 o'clock,
without further Invitation._oct3l?
McLAIN.-Died, Monday, October 30, 1871,
JAMBS LBB, only son of George and Margaret
McLaln, aged two years and twenty-six days.
p** THE RELATIVES AND FRIENDS
or the family are invited to attend his Funeral
Services, at No. 1 Uagazine street, Tins (Toes
day) AFTERNOON, at balf-past 3 o'clock. OCt3l-?
_Special ffoticee.
?WJ. E. SOLOMONS, M. D
DENTIST,
Has returned to the city._cctjO
p&- NOTICE.-THE UNDERSIGNED
do hereby give notice that neither they nor any
member of their arm have any business connec?
tion or association of any kind with Ur. E. E.
BEDFORD, No. 276 King street, Charleston, 8.0.,
Grocer, and-that the ose of their name by E. E.
REDFORD lu any way ls entirely without authori?
ty. W. S. CORWIN A CO.
QC 124_
pgr- NOTICE.-A LATE CARD OF W.
S. CORWIN A CO. having not iced the public that
they wore In no way connected with the under?
signed in business, sud not responsible for anj
use of their name, In order the more effectually
to advertise tte same, the undersigned hereby
announces that he has had no business relations
with the said firm since April, 1870, except of
being their debtor for the stock then purchased,
and since paid for.
EVERT E. BEDFORD,
oct26_Successor to W. 8. Corwin A- Co.
pbT* COLLEGE OF CHARLESTON,
OCTOBER 2511871.-The WINTER TE RU or this
College will commence on WEDNESDAY next,
November 1. candidates for admission in the
Freshman or the Sophomore Class will present
themselves at the Pres dent's room at 10 o'clock
A M. F. A. PORCHER,
OCJ2S-12_secretary Faculty.
pm- NOTICE .-NATIONAL FREED
M ANS' SAVING ANO TRUST COUP ANY,
CHARLESTON BRANCH, No. 74 BROAD STREET.
Deposits made on or before the first of November
will draw interest from the first November.
NATHAN BITTER,
0C128-4_Cashier.
pm- UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT.-By an Order or the Hon. GEO. S.
BRYAN, United States District Judge, the hearing
orall petitions and motions in Bankruptcy, or or
the general business or the District Court ls post?
poned until the first Uonday or November next.
sep30 HANL. HORLBECK, Clerk.
SHAVING SALOON.-MR. J. H.
WEICHUAN will superintend the business lately
conducted by Ur. LOMBARDO, and will be
pleased to see bis friends and the patrons of the
establishment, at the Old stand, tn Market street,
where BO pains will be spared to please.
octu_
ESPECIAL NOTICE. -SOUTH CARO?
LINA RAILROAD COMPANY, CHARLESTON, S.
C., OCTOBER ll, 1871.-The following Fairs wll
commence on the dates mentioned below:
Atlanta.october 16
Uacon.October 23
Orangeburg.?.October 24
Augusta.October 31
Columbia.November 8
All Freu ht shipped over tilts Road for the above
Fairs will be returned FREE, upon the Certificates
of the Secretaries that they were on exhibition.
Return Tickets for ONE FABE will be sold to
visitors, commencing sale three days before the
date of each Fair, and good for fifteen days.
J. U. SELKIRK,
Superintendent G. S. F. Line.
S. B. PICKENS, General Ticket Agent.
octi2_
pw DISINFECTANTS.-THOSE IN
want or DISINFECTANTS will find a full assort?
ment at the Drug Store of DR. H. BA ER, in Meet
log street._aepl
J?r A SAFE, SURE AND SPEEDY
remedy for Diarrhoea Dysentery, Cholera, Sum?
ner complaint and all Bowel Affections may be
lad n JAYNE'S CARMINATIVE BALSAM. Com?
pounded with care from the best understood In?
gredients known to the Medical Faculty, ita ac?
hoo is prompt and always to be depended upon
ffhlle the reputation lt has attained as a Standard
Household Remedy should i?duce all, at this sea
ion of the year, ta keep a bottle or so userai a
medicine by them. Sold by all Druggists. GOOD?
RICH, WIN EMANA CO., Wholesale Agents.
oct29-stnth3_
p&~ O N MARRIAGE.-^
Happy relier for Young Men from the effects
jr Errors and Abuses In early lire. Manhood re?
cored. Nervous debility cure J. Impediments
to Marriage removed. New method ot treat?
ment. New and remarkable remedies. Books
ind Circulars sent free, in sealed envelopes. Ad?
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION. No. 2 South
Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. octl2
Spinal JSotites.
?B* CONSIGNEES PER STEAMSHIP
MANHATTAN, from Nev TOTE, are notified teat
she is discharging carga at Adger's Wharf,
Gooda uncalled for at sunset will remain on the
wharf at owners' risk-.
OCt31-l JAMES ADOBE A GO., Agents.
?W CONSIGNEES PER STEAMSHIP
FALCON, from Baltimore, are hereby notified
that she ls Trna DAT discharging cargo at
Pier No. l, Colon Wharves. All gsods not taken
away at sunset win remain on the wharf at con
sign?es1 risk. MORDECAI A GO.,
oct3M_Agents.
pt* CONSIGNEES PER BR? E. H.
KENNEDY, from Boston, are notified that she is
discharging cargo at Fraser's Wharf. AM goods
not removed by sunset will be stored ap expense
and risk ot consignees. All claims ra us r he made
before goods-move from the wharf.
MOSES GOLDSMITH A SOBS,
octai-i_Agents.
pf SEALED PROPOSALS WILL BE
received until the 16th or November next,.by the
Vestry of Lower St. John's Berkeley, for the-lease
of the GLEBE-PLANTATION. Address
W. BALL,
oct31-tuI4_Secretary and Treasurer.
p?f OFFICE HOWARD ASSOCIATION,
CHARLESTON, OCTOBER 27, 1871_At a regular
weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of
this Association,'held this day, the following reso?
lution was unanimously adopted:
Resolved. That the continued demands npon the
Howard Association make lt necessary for us lo
appeal directly to the public for funds. Our im?
mediate necessltlea-are pressing, and we feel as?
sured that lt ls only necessary to make our wants
known to receive prompt relier.
From the minutes.
GEO. S. PBLZER, M. D., Secretary.
JAMES H. TAYLOR, President._Ogg?
?el-THE CHARLESTON CHARITA?
BLE ASSOCIATION, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
FREE SCHOOL FUND.-OFFI?AL RAFFLED
NUMBERS.
GLASS NO. I'9-MORNINO.
77-17-57-2-62,-89-19-4-47 -73-46-?
As witness our hand at Columbia this 30th day- of
October, 1871. FENN PECK,
JAMES GILLILAND,
oct3_Sworn Commissioners.
RESTATE NOTICE.-ALL PERSONS
having claims against the Estate of MORITZ
ZEIGLER, Cabinetmaker, deceased, will present
them, properly attested, and those Indebted will
please make payment to the undersigned.
S. S. BUIST,
Qualified Administrator,
QCi24 tu3*_Office, Fireproof Building.
?fesT* NOTICE TO PLANTERS.-IN
order to accommodate my planting friends who
may wish to use the COMPOUND ACID PHOS?
PHATE for composting wita Cottou Seed, pre?
pared at Rlkersvllle by the Pacific Guano Com?
pany, under the personal supervision or Dr. ST.
JULIEN RAVEN EL, and which has given such
general satisfaction, I am willing to deliver MOW,
charging no interest until the 1st or March next
at that time io be paid lu cash, or on time, at the
price and terms I am then selling at.
J. N. ROBSON,
No. 68 East Bay and Nos. 1 and -i Atlantic Wharf
oct6-thatulmoDAC
T
MiauUanton*.
HE GREAT
ENGLISH AND SCOTCH QUARTERLIES,
AND
BL ACE WOOD'S MAGAZINE.
REPRINTED IN NEW TOBE BT
THE LEONARD SCOTT PUBLISHING CO
QUARTERLY.
The Edinburgh Review, London Quarterly Review
North British Review, Westminster Review.
MONTHLY.
Blackwoods Edinburgh Magazine.
These perod teals are the medium through which
the greatest minds, not only of Great Britain and
Ireland, but also of Continental Europe, are con?
stantly brought into more or leas intimate com?
munication with the world of readers. History
Biography, Science, Philosophy, Art, Religion,
great political questions of the past and of to-day
are treated In their pages as the learned alone
can treat them. No one who would keep pace
with the times eau afford to do without these pe?
riodicals.
or all the monthlies, Blackwood holds the fore
most place.
TERMS.
For any one of the Reviews.$4 oo per annum
For any two of the Reviews. 7 oo
For any three of the Reviews.io oo
For all fonr of the Reviews.12 00
For Black wood's Magazine.. 4 00
For Blackwood and one Review.. 7 00
For Blackwood and any two of
the Reviews.10 00
For Blackwood and three of the
Reviews..13 00
For Blackwood and the .'our Re?
views.16 00
Single numbers or a Review, $1 single num?
bers or Blackwood, thirty-five cents a number.
Postage two cents a number.
Circulars with further particulars may be bad
on application.
THE LEONARD SCOTT PUBLISHING CO.!
No. 140 Fulton Street, New York.
Postmasters and others disposed to canvass
liberally dealt with.
THE LEONARD SCOTT PUBLISHING CO.
ALSO PUBLISH
THE FARMER'S GUIDE
To Scientific and Practical Agriculture
By HBNRT STBPnBK8, F. R. s., Kdiuburgh, and
the late J. P. NORTON, Professsor or scientific Ag?
riculture in Yale College, New Haven.
gTANDAED TEXT BOOKS.
By Proressor ASA GRAY,
Of Harvard University,
Author or "How Plants Grow," "School and Field
Book or Botany," "Manual or Botany," "Struc?
tural and systematic Botany," Ac, Ac.
"Botany should be taught lu every school, and
these Volumes should be the Text-Books."-Proj.
J. S. Dams, University of Virginia.
The publishers beg to call the attention or those
about form inc classes In Botany to the well-known
works by Professor Gray. Having been carefully
revised, they present the latest and most accurate
principles and developments of the science, and
it ls sutHctent indorsement of them to state that
they are used in almost every noted College, High
School and Seminary In the country, and are rec?
ommended over other series by nine-tenths of the
leading Professors and Botanical Teachers in the
United States.
No author has yet approached Professor Gray In
the rare art or making purely scientific theories
ind dry details popular and interesting. From
lils charming elementary work "How Plants
Brow," to his more elaborate '-Manual," there ls
jne simple, concise and yet exhaustive method o?
teaching the varions grades or the study.
Descriptive Circulars, giving rull titles aud pri?
ces, will be forwarded by mall, to any address, on
ippUcatlon.
1VISCN, BLAKEMAN, TAYLOR A CO.,
Publishers,
Nos. 133 and 140 Grand street, New Yorx.
lehio_
JIB?SSES, SUPPORTERS, Ac.
mst received, a large asssortment and for salea
UR. a* bAtri j
Drug store.
Q?PERIOR COLOGNE WAT EB.
Hatinficrored and for sale ny
Dr. H. 8AER.
nw* "i %?*>r.inff strom
gPONGES! SPONGES t
Just received a fine assortmenc
BATHING SPONOE
Carriage .sponge
Toilet Sponge
surgeon's sponge, Ac., Ac.
For sale by Da. tl. UAER,
may la No. 131 Meeting street
T
.Newspapers.
HE GE E_AT
FAMILY PAPER
FAMILY PAPER I
F AMIL 7 PAPER
FAMILY PAPER I
FAMILY FAPER I
FAMILY PAPER V
1HE 83FXPEST, THE LIVELIEST, AND TH!
BEST I
THE CSEAP EST, THE LIVELIEST AND TBS
BEST I
THE OTOAPE?T, THE LIVELIEST AND THE
BEST!
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND THE
BEST I
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND THE
BEST I
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST AND THE
BEST I
THE CHARLESTON WEEKLY NEWS I
THE CHARLESTON WEEKLY NEWS'1
THE CHARLESTON WEEKLY NEWS I
THE CHARLESTON WEEKLY BJSVYtS I
THE) CHARLESTON WEEKLY HvTSt
THE CHARLESTON WEEKLY A. NEWS I
Contains all the News, Editorial and
ons Reading Matter published in
THE DAILY MEWS AND THE TRI-WEEKLY
NEWS,
INCLUDING
Latest Telegraph News,
Political Intelligence,
Commercial and Stock Reporta,
Literary Topics and Renews
Selected Social Essays,
Personal Gossip, and
Information lor Planters.
TOGETHER WITH THC CHOICEST
STORIES,
LIGHT READING, and
POETRY,
From the current Foreign and Domestic
Periodicals.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SUBSCRIPTION ?TWO DOLLARS A YE A.
ALWAYS IN ADVANCE. CLUBS
OF TEN SUPPLIED AT
tl 50 EACH.
MAKE UP YOUS CLUBS!
MW Address, (enclosing money in Registered
Letter,)
RIORDAN, DAWSON CO.,
CHARLESTON, a a
Patent Jtteoicines.
gIR JAMES CLARKE'S FEMALE PILLS.
These PILLS have long been used both in Oran
Britain and this country, and are the best or their
Kind in the market.
For sale by DB. H. BABB,
apraa_No. 181 Meeting street
TUST BECKI VED,
CARBONATE OF AMMONIA
Bicarbonate of Soda
Cream of Tartar
Fresh Hops.
For sale, wholesale and retail, by
Dr? fi? HA-ER-,
orre Vo.181 Meeting street.
T
HE CELEBRATED
GERMAN SOOTHING CORDIAL,
FOB INFANTS.
A reliable and invaluable remedy in OOLIO.
CHOLERA INFANTUM, Dysentery,Diarrhoea, and
such other diseases as children are subject to
daring the period of Teething.
This Cordial ls manufactured from tue best
Drugs, all carefully selected, and contains no in?
jurious ingredient. No family should be without
lt The best Physicians have recommended it,
and Mothers may administer lt wita perfect con?
fidence.
It contains no Opium or other Anodyne.
Manufactured by Da. H. BAER,
Wholesale and Retail Druggist,
No. 131 Meeting street, Charleston.
Price 25 cents a bottle. The usual discount to
the tradf.._
JUST BE CEI YE De
Pendleton's Panacea, or Vegetable Pain Ex?
tractor.
Also, a fresh supply of SEAL OLEUM, the great
remedy for Rheumatism.
For sale, wholesale and retail, by
Dr. H. BAER,
myao_Wa. ttl Meeting ?treat.
JUST RECEIVED,
CATAWBA GRAPE PILLS,
(Helmbold's.)
By DR. H. BAER,
uiaylS_No. 131 Meeting street.
ABNER'S IODO F O BM
AND IRON PILLS.
For sale by DR. H. BAER,
laois_Ka 181 Meeting street
PROFESSOR BERGER'S BED-BUG
DESTROYER.
Costar* INSECT POWDER
Oostar's Rat Poison
Isaacaen'BSure Pop-Death to Mosquitos?,
For sale nv DR. H. BAER,
mw* So. 131 Mwtlny""?
JJOMOOPATHIC BJSMEDIE8.
A FULL ASSORTMENT just received by
DE. H. BAER,
jojyt No 131 Meeting street.
W