The Painesvills Journal.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1371.
Editorial Parajjraafce.
Tan New York World denounces
Tweed ag 'the worst political scab' on the
face of the t-arth. El M i?ruf.
land S; Haymaker S; Mutual S. OlympioS. ThM
figure, snow a total of imp hundred and twelTe
rair.es for the professional eahmpinnship during
the year. The first'was played May 5th the last
j October SOth, the question being settled by the
latter m&tch.
Thu9 close the base ball season of 1871
in the gucceiw of the Athletic Club of
Philadelphia, which, after years of pa
tient perseverance, has at last succeeded
Early in September the attention of! district of commbw.
the various railroad companies, bavins J jjt "KSGIVIM;
lines of travel la this State, was called BT ntm OF THE
by Commissioner Wright to the act of J
the last legislature requiring that all pas- j iwi iw irmv
senger cars be supplied with such plat- i .rutiiAMAiii'A.
lornt attachments as will secure tno sale- The riroeMs of the. seasons has
I joints, with nothing; under it but a thin pertains to tie office of the Lieutenant
inch tlooiii;;;. The coroner will hold n j Geuei al in the army of the United States.
I inquest to-morrow, and investigate the j nor will it be easy to find defenders for
i wh. lie matter. i the opinion. A special from Springfield
i TKNXESKK. j says Governor l'almer is preparing a
I The Tennessee Grand Council of Free j message to be real before the LejrWlature,
wiiicu meets on tue totn, in which me
tv of cassencers from accident. The
law, which took effect on the first of Sep-
fruiu cf successful toil. Industry li
tember, required tue Kailroaa wmnii-i en general! v well rewarded. We are
Ke at peace with all nations.
Jim. Fink has appeared in the role of
th "incorrigible joker." He recently
declined to go bail for "Boss" Tweed,
on the ground of "public morality."
The London, England, Timet, is out
commending Grant's action in regard to
Utah and earnestly recomending him for
renomination. The source is such as to
commend the advice to all good Republicans.
sioner to attend to its enforcement
ill winning a legitimate championship. ponses hare been received from the man- j w.;rh few exception
agers oi nearly an me icauiug aura ui
road to the effect that arrangements are
in progress by which the law will be
complied with. Time U required to se
cure the nianulacture ot wnatever ap-
It is the intention of the officers of the
organization to bring forward a nine
next season which, as they suppose,
shall be in every way capable of fairly
maintaining the title, and from the names
which are mentioned in connection with
the new nine it will certainly take a nine
lirst-class in every respect and strong at
each point to wrest it from them. In any
event the Athletics will be champions
until the end of October, 1872.
again and Accepted Masons is in session at
enabled the husbandman to garner the i Xas'nville. After the usual p-eliminaries
the committee on 1-oreigu Correspoii
I deuce submitted a i-Krt wi h resolutions
iwhii h were adopte.', approving the pro
I position of the Graul council of Maine
j for calling a convention of representa-
i lives troni ail the grand councils of roval
and tranquility.
prevails at home.
I Within the past rear we have in the
main been free from ills w hich elsewhere
have afflicted our kind. If seme of us j end select master
have had calamities, these should be au in June. 1S72. for
nwairm fiircvmnalnv tt-lthl ipstmprprs. n.'.r i:ni!nriii:tr in rViA riru:il fit crrnt
paratus is adopted in such case, and m of resignation on their Dart to the w illof riie, welcoming the grand council of
some instances the officers of the roads j tae jiG;rt High, and of rejoicing to the t Minnesota to the sistoi liood of American
have appealed to the Commissioner for many who have been more favored. grand councils, expressing unfeigned
delay, fur the reason that they had been j therefore recommend that, on Thurs- j pleasure in the interest displayed for
ignorant ot the existance ot trie statute fay, lhe thirt:eth day of November next. Cryptic Masonry in Canada, extending
referred to. In all cases where there is the neonlemeet in their resoective nlaces i the h ind of feliowshin and recognition
of worship, and there make the usual and correspondence to the Grand C'oun-
annual acknowledgments to Almighty j cil of Ontario, and appointing ltobert
God for the blessines He has couierren
controversy between himself and the
United States authorities, together with
all the correspondence between him and
Mayor Mason and others relative to mil
itary occupancy of .the city during the
lire, will occupy a conspicuous place.
Saturday afternoon, near Plymouth,
At last even Parisian modesty has been 1
hocked. Dumas fill has written a play
which ha aroused the virtuous horror
of French critics to such a degree that
they declare its representation an 'out
rage upon public decency. VThat.can It
be? and what a run it willlhave when
brought out in this country.
Akotueb is added to the already fright
ful list of calamities that will long make
1371 a year to be remembered and mark
ed with black. By the telegrams, news
has been received of the loss of thirty
three whaling vessels, in the Arctic Ocean
Although no loss ot life is reported, yet
the damage to commercial interests will
he immense and the sufferings and pri
vations endured by those who were cast
out upon the cruel mercies of ice and
snow were of the roost intense degree.
The mills of the Gods are slow but
ure. Governor Seymour, in 1868, was
largely indebted to the efforts of Thomas
C. Fields and his association of thieves,
for his nomination as Democratic candi-
date for the Presidency. Last Tuesday
Governor Seymour was defeated for the
New York Assembly, in the eleventh
district by this Viame Thomas C. Fields,
who. at the time of the election was a
fugitive from Justice, fleeing from offi
cers armed with a warrant for his ar
rest on the charge of fraud, theft and
corruption.
A a proclamnttonist, Governor Hoff
man of New York doc not seem to be a
complete success. Having inquired of
Secretary Fish as to the day that would
lie chosen by the President for a national
Thanksgiving and having been informed
that a proclamation would soon be Issued
appointing November 3otb, he imme
diately came out and declared that all
truly loyal New Yorkers would eat their
Turkey on November 23d thus endeav
oring to throw a direct slight and insult
upon tho President. Subsequently, how
ever, when he found that his course did
not excite the approbation he expected,
the astute Governor, did as be did at the
time of the orange difficulties and "craw
tinned" out of his dilemma by issuing an
other official document in which he
changes the date from November 23d to
November 30th. In this instance pluck
and judgement were both wanting.
Cndoi-btf.dlt, the principal reason
why Monnoniani lias for so lpng a time
been able to exist in open defiance to the
laws of the United States, has been the
Inaccessibility of the site chosen for
founding the city of "the Prophet." But
when the Pacific Railroad was built and
free access opened to the stronghold of
this community, it became very apparent
to the understanding of almost every one
that the distinguishing characteristic of
Aformonism must soon be numbered
among the things that were. There
were few who believed that the gross sen
sualism of their doctrines could hold out
against the advancing civilization of the
nineteenth century. And the events of
the past few weeks have fully justified
tills judgement. Within that time, by
the simple trial and conviction of one
man the entire power of polygamy has
been broken and its head defender forced
to flee from the punishment which would
surely have been meeted out to him had
h have remained to face the law he had
so long outraged. Brigham Young has
left Salt Ike City and whatever may
have been his purposes in so doing
whether to seek a new spot in which to
gather together the few devoted follow
ers who might be willing to abandon
their homes and their property to join
their fortunes with him or whether to
quietly enjoy, in some other country, the
wealth he has secured and laid away for
this rainy day the fact of his departure
shows most conclusively the terrible
blow that has been dealt to the doctrines
of which he has for so many years been
the leader and defender. But while all
this is being accomplished in far-off Utah,
Why has nothing been done to break up
the free-love establishment at Oneida,
Kew York? The conduct of this com'
munlty is, if possible, even more scan'
delous than that of the saints at Salt
Lake City, and is. besides, openly car
ried on within a half-day's journey of
our greatest metropolis. The law is no
less openly defied and violated here than
mere and it is hardly fair that one should
be punished and the other left to go scot
free.
Kevemfeer Becarda.
At last the elections are over and as
the smoke of battle begins to clear away
and allows the results to be seen, the Re
publicans may well feel jubilant over the
prospect. From nearly every State come
reports of decisive victories or significant
gains. The demoralization of the Dem
ocracy is complete, and even the moi
sanguine organs of that party admit the
disastrous defeat that has met them. At
the present writing, however ,the returns
from most of the Vates are so meagre
that but little more than "general results
can be reached.
New Jersey stands as It did before,
baring elected a Democratic Governor
and a'Republican Legislature. Wiscon
sin has gone Republican by probaulyjn
creased majorities. Massachusetts has
elected Washburn over all rival candi
dates and the Republicans hold the Leg
islature. For the first time in twelve
years Detroit has gone Republican, hav
ing elected a Republican Mayor and
made such changes in the Common
Council as to give a Republican majori
ty. In Chicago a similar overthrow has
been meted out to the "bummer" ticket
by the election of Medill as Mayor,
while from Minnesota, Arkansas, New
York and all the other states, news
i equally favorablejto the Republican par
I ty is heard.
i Naturally however, the greatest inter
est centered aroundthe result In'the last
named State. Here hadjbeen'the seat of
the grand Sachems and the rallying
ground of the Democratic Jcgions here
had been the stronghold of the recogni
sed leaderr, and here lal been the late
astounding revelationsif fraud and cor
ruption. The victory won, although not
complete, is still most important, and its
moral.influence cannot be too highly es
timated. Throughout this state the Re
publicans and honest Democrats wore
full of pluck and determination it is
true, but the odds against which they
were fighting were so great that when it
was found that the power of the Ring
was really broken, every true American
citizen felt that a darkcloud had been
lifted from the country, that Republican
institutions could no longer be called a
failure, that a great and noble city, one
of the glories of civilization, and among
the wonders of the world, had rescued
j herself from the control of a gang of in
satiate robbers. The State generally has
gone heavily Republican, and both
branches of the Legislature archeld by
the same party.
When viewed from every quarter the
November election seems indeed to war
rant, on the part of the Democratic party,
the Star's suggestive admission "we
have met the enemy and most emphatl
cally we are theirs."
a disposition manifested to comply with
the law as early as practible legal pro
ceedings have been dispensed with. It
is anticipated that all the roaas aoing
business in this State will be able to show
a substantial compliance with the law at
an early day.
Leadinir Republicans have shown un
usual interest, during the past few days,
in the recent developments of the plans
of the Democratic managers to get cou-
trol of the organization ot the newiy
elected legislature, by the use of means
heretofore better understood in Aiuany
and Harrisburg than here. From evi
dences based on letters written by cer
tain Republicans who are relied upon to
assist in carrying out this new departure
programme oi tue iwmuvrau, au nuui
the statements of members, who, though
elected upon regular Republican nomi
nations, nave been approacneu witn over
tures to aid in the scheme, and from oth
er sources, the plan is now pretty well
understood to be an imitation, on a
larger scale and with additional applian
ces, of the course by which the last Gen
eral Assembly, though having a nominal
Republican majority in both branches,
was taken out of the control of the Re
publicans as to the appointment of com
mittees and the determinination of im
portant questions. The objective point
of the Democrats, and those acting with
them in this case, is the United States
Senatorship. It has already been pubi ic
ly stated that for the purpose of keeping
such Rupublicans as they expect to con
trol out of the nominating caususes,they
will agree to support Ex-Governor Cox
for Senator, but privately their proposi
tion is more comprehensive, and involves
the entire organization of the two houses,
coupled with a proposition of the Dem
ocrats to abandon their candidate anil so
with any KepnDlicaii who will combine
with them, allowing the latter to name
their man for Senator, for that office, and
also the nominees for the legislature.
Members who are ambitious of position
are sought out, and tho efforts made to
get pledges from them not to go into the
Republican caucus, ana the inducement
is offered to one that he shall be elected
Speaker of the House by a coalition sim
ilar to that which elected Cunningham
to that office two years since,and thus,by
tne re-eiection oi dayman, uemocrat, as
Clerk, and a nominal division of subor
dinate offices, the game of 1870 would
be successfully repeated. It is freely
charged that the Democrats are assisted
in this programme by Republicans in
upon them, for their merciful exemption
from evils, and invoke His protection
and kindness for their less fortunate
brethren, whom, in His w isdom, He has
deemed it best to chastise.
In faith whereof, I have hereunto set
my hand, and caused the seal of the
United States to be affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this
twenty-eighth day of October, in
the year of our Lord one thous-
seal and eight hundred and seventy
one, and of the independence of
the United States the ninety-sixth
By the President: U. S. Grant.
Hamilton Fish, Secretary ot State.
In reply to a telegram trom St. Peters
burg relative to the Cataeazy difficulty,
the Secretary of State authorizes the
'statement that Mr. Cataeazy has been
told that after the visit or the Grand
Duke he will not be received as the Min
ister of Russia here, and that Mr. Curtin
has given that government to understand
that unless Mr. Cataeazy shall then have
been recalled, or shall voluntarily retire,
his passports will be sent to him.
Indian Superintendent Hoag informs
the Indian Bureau that over three hund
red of the Staked Plains Indians came in
a few days ago and expressed a desire
for peace. More are coming. He also
reports that Big Mouth, the famous Ar
rapahoe chief, says h is convinced of the
advantages his people have derived from
the whites. He sees that the whites will
soon cover the whole land, and if the In
dians do not go in the white, man's path
they will be swept away, lie is there
fore determined to learn to cultivate the
soil.
to meet in New York Indiana, David Tellers, a well known
the purpose of seem- farmer, discovered two scrange men
asleep in his hay stacK and two
strange horses near "by. Supposing them
to be horse thieves lie procured the as
sistance of" some neigliiiors and attempt
ed to an est them. The men attempted
to escape, and in so doing one of them,
named Henry Cook, was shot dead. His
comrade ran away wounded, but effected
his escaie. Co k has had the reputation
of a thief for ssveral years.
A Woman's Industrial Society has been
inaugurated in Chicago, which has for
its object to give relief, by light and
agreeable employment, to women and
children who have become reduced in
circumstances thi ough the agency of the
great nre, and who would preter to earn
their livelihood rather than depend on
the benvolence of others. The ladles
aud gentlemen eugaged in this new or
ganization are among the most respecta
ble in the city.
The election passed off quietly, though
there was great interest in the result.
Business was largely suspended, it is
Ramsay Grand Representative to convey
greetings to the new txrauu Council.
MINNESOTA.
The returns are in from most places
reached by telegraph and indicate the
election of the Republican State ticket
from eight to ten hundred. Governor
Austin runs some behind the ticket, as
does also Jennison for Secretary of State,
owing to a division of the Scandinavian
vote for Falk. St. Paul and Ramsey
counties gives Young the Democratic
candidate for Governor, but thirty-one
majority, while Buel, Democrat for Lieu
tenant Governor, has a majority over
Yale of five hundred and twelve, ind
Falk, Democrat tor Secretary of State
has a majority ef five thousand nine
hundred aud two over Jennison. The
Republicans elect Heard for Senator in
the twenty-third District by almost two
hundred and fifty-five majority, and
Nochols for Senator in the twenty-fourth
District, aud Sanborn, Firkey and Smith
for Representatives by a majority of
from one to four hundred. The Demo
crats elect Rice and Burbauk for Repre
sentatives by a majority ot lorty-hve aud
ninety-uine. The latter wa3 uiso run
ning on the Republican ticket.
GEORGIA.
Both brandies of the legislature have
adopted the following resolution:
Henolred, That Rufus B. Bullock, late
Governor of this State, who has resigned
his office and left the State under circum
stances creating grave suspicious that he
is guilty of high crimes and misdemean
ors, has, in charging, in a letter bearing
date of the 23d of October, 1871, addressed
to his political friends and the people of
evident that the citizens' lire-proof ticket
with Hon. Joseph Medill for Mayor, has
been elected by a large majority over the
sorehead ticket.
The number of destitute victims of the
great fire now receiving aid from the Re
lief Society has considerably decreased,
owing to the fact that many are securing
employment at good wages. 1 he num
ber of families now daily receiving more
or less aid from the Society is about four-
tsen thousand, or sixty-three thousand
persons, including men, women and
childreu.
ted at once. The German element
worked hard in the interest of Sigel.who
leads largely in German districts. The
tricks of Tamauy in sacrificing Led with
caused much comment, but was not un
expected. The Tribune thinks that the
result is a rebuke to the robbers of the
city. If the victory is not complete, ow
ing to the weakness of the Republican
candidates, the verdict means that pecu
lators aud plunderes, whether c" ".g or
low degree, whether of this party or
that, shall be exposed, prosecuted and
subjected to condign punishment. The
total vote this year is the largest ever
cast, by about 136,000, except at the
Presidential election of 18CS. The State
is unquestionably Republican by 35,000
to 40,000 majority. The Senate stands
twenty-six Republieaus and Reform
Democrats,and six Tammany Democrats.
The Assembly is two-thirds Republican
and Reform. In all but, four Assembly
districts of the city, either Republicans
or Reform candidates were elected.
Sigel's majority for Register is twenty-
hve thousand. Barrett lor supreme
Court beat Redwith.theTammany nomi
nee, by a heavy malority. Tweed is the
only candidate for Senator elected.
Jughteen Kepulican candidates from the
city are elected against three Tammany
candidates. The entire county ticket of
tke Committee of Seventy is elected and
all the Reform candidates for Aldermen.
The vote fell behind the registry in many
districts. In the State probably tweutx
two Republican Senators against the
Democrats are elected. The Assembly
will be largely Republican. The Times
says The people have nobly responded
to the appeals made to them. We have
gained a greater victory than we dared
to hope for. One more cj n we I e
proud or our city and Mate, and rest in
pertect security that tne long reign ot
rascals and outlaws is over, the world
savs: The returns from the State indi
cate the election of the Republican tick
et by at least twenty thousand majority,
and as it never rains but it pours, the
majority may be even more than this
we have lost the State Legislature, ann
TltP, PA T'X'KSVTLir,'F!ia,u,lat a,most unparalcUed, the following-
will pre.ent a copy of one of I lie
U m. i I'liiiim wmcn sell
I at t SO apiece. So that in presenting this
Reasons "whv the Journal premium'ouroffor staniUBSfullows :tonyper-
s 1 son Di-ocurinir us the names (ahA mnmvt r.,
Hundred ana twenty-tlve yearly subscribers to
the Journal, we will present a Seventy Dollar
tuas uowe bewing Machine, anil at the same
time will give to each of the persons beloneinir
to the club, a beautiful engraving-, the price of
men wouiu oe J L a 1 THE SAM E as the origi
nal subscription price to the paper, namely Two
xsuuars.
Has Met with Such
Success.
NEWS OF THE WEEK
Wmi the month of October closed the
regular base ball season of 1871. The
rules governing the subject of champion
ship provided that all clubs desirous of
entering for the title, should forward no
tification and entrance fee ($10,) to the
chairman of the championship commit
tee before the 1st of May, the day on
which the regular season began. With
these requirements nine professional
clubs complied, viz: the Athletic of
Philadelphia, the Boston, the Chicago,
the Mutual of New York, the Haymaker
of Troy, the Forest City of Cleveland,
Ohio, the Forest City of Rockford, the
Olympic of AVashington, and the Kekion
ga of Fort Wayne.
In August the last mentioned nine, the
Kekionga, was broken up, their retire
ment not materially affecting the posi
tion of cither of the leading contestants.
The remaining eight have struggled
hard and earnestly for a victory which
only playing skill could confer, and after
a season of varying fortune the Athletics
cf Philadelphia have proved superior.
The rules governing the question declar
ed the championship to be dependent on
the greatest number of games won, losses
to count only in case of a tie. By this
supplementary provision the question
has been decided, the Athletics and Bos
tons having come out even on games
won, the former gaming the first posi
tion through their smaller number of
looses. The following is the record of
the regular match games lost by each of
the eight clubs up to Oct. 31
Athletics nine lost, viz: to Boston S; Chicago
Mutual 1 Hockford S. Boston ten lost, viz: to
Athletic 1 Chicago 3; Cleveland 1 Haymaker 3;
Vutnal 3, Olympic 1. Chicago ten lost, viz: to
Athlectic 3; Boston I Cleveland 1 Haymaker 1
Mutual 1; Olympic, Hockford 1. Mutual eev
nteon lest, viz: to Athletics 3; Boston 3 (one by
forfeit); UiiuBgo 3; Cleveland 3; Haymaker S;
Olympic J, Rockford I. Olympic fourteen lose
rte; to Athletic 3; Boston 3; Chicato 8; Haymsx
Eer a, Mutual 3. Haymaker fourteen lost, vizt
to Athtotics 3; to Boston 3; Chicago 1 Cleveland
:-Mutunl 1 Olympic 3, Bockford 1. Cleveland
eighteen lost, via: to Athletic 8; Batten 3; Chi
eago3(oaeby forfist); Haymaker I; Mutual 1;
Olympic 0, Bockford a. Bockford twenty lost.
viz; iiinMUc a; jbosios p: vucago t: ueve-
At Home.
OHIO.
The following table presents what is
believed to be a correct list of the mem
bers of the next Legislature of this State
The names of Republicans are printed in
small capitals and tiiose ofJ.be Democrats
in roman letters.
SENATORS
Districts.
I. Hamilton. TBOS. L Vocno. Jos. 1 W rlxht.
jonn bcmix.
II. Butler, w arren. Peter Murphy.
HI. Montgomery, Preble. John D. Kemp
(contested).
1 V. Clermont. Brown. Learned B. Leeds.
V. Green. Clinton. Fayette. John Quincy
SM1TB.
VI. Ross. Highland. John H. Putnam,
VII. Adams, Pike, Scioto, Jackson, James W.
Newman.
VIII. Lawrence, Gallia, Meigs, Vinton. Wil
liam Nash.
IX. Athens, Hocking. Fairfield. Michael A.
Daugherty.
X. Franklin. Pickaway. John G. Thompson,
XI. Clarke, Chamuuign. Madison. William
M. Beach.
XII. Miami. Darke. Shelby. John W. Morris.
XIII. Logan, Union, Marion, Hardin. Isaac
H. UABDNCn.
XIV. Washington, Morgan, Noble (part)
XV. Muskingum, Perry. William Holden.
XVI. Delaware, Licking. John B. Jones.
XVII. and XV III. Knox, Morrow, Wayne,
Holmes. Henrv D. McDowell.
XV III. Coshocton, Tuscaraws. A. W. Pat
rick.
XIX. Guernsey, Monroe, Noble (part). James
O. Amos.
XX. Belmont, Harrison. Samuel Knox.
XXI. Carroll, Stark. ArvineC Wales.
XXII. Jefferson, Columbiana. J. L. I'rDE-
GRAFF.
XXIII. Trumbull. Mahoning.. Luctis C.
JONES.
XXIV. Ashtabula. Lake. Geauaa. John
Casement.
XXV. Cuyahoga. A. T. Brinsmade, Benj. B.
Biivis.
XXVI. Portage, Summit, Alfbonso Hart.
XXVII. and XXIX. Medina, Lorain, Ashland,
Richland. James A. Bell.
XXX. Huron, Erie, Sandusky, Ottawa.
Welcome O. Parker.
XXXI. Seneca, Crawford, Wyandot. A. E.
Jenner.
XXXII. Mercer. Auglaize. Allen. Van Wert.
Paulding. Defiance, W illiams. Charles Boesel,
P. W. Hardesty.
XXXIII. Hauceck. Wood, Lucas. Fulton, Hen-
TV W tl 1 1.. It I
ltepiiblicans 18 Democrats 18.
REPRESENTATIVES.
Counties. Counties.
Adams. Jesse Ellis. Jackson. Bernhard
Allen, Josiah Phillars. Kahn.
Ashland, Jas. E. Chase. Jefferson,- S. H. FORD.
Asntauuia, w.r.now. Knox, w. ioopch.
land. Lake, G. W. Steele.
Athens, N. H. Van- Lawrence, Henrt
VORHES. BERKSTRESSER,
Auglaize, Samuel K. Licking, Win. J. Bell,
Mutt. Jr. Jr.
Belmont. T. H. Arm- Logan, Thomas Mil-
8TB0N0. TENBERGER.
Brown, John C. Wal- Lornin, Herman Ely.
dron. Lucas, Gcido Marx.
Butler, S. J. Berry. K. C. Thompson.
Carroll, Wji. Adair. Madison, Geo. W. Wil
Champaign, K. C Fi l- son.
ton. Mahoning, C. F. KlRT-
Clark, Benj. Neff, land.
Clermont, Ira Ferguson. Marion, Robert Hill.
unnton,j esse j. ukb.n. aieiuna, albert airN-
i4!umoiiina, o os i a ti son,
'lHOMPSON,
The Comptroller of the currency re- i Georgia, that a majority of the House of
ports that the resources of all the na
tional banks In Chicago and one bank in
Indiana, trom wnicn reports nave oeeu
received, amount to $1,724,046,722. The
number of banks is 1,663.
The instructions of the President to
the authorities of Utah are to the effect
that there should be firm yet judicious
enforcement of the law, and no compro
mise wilh criminals. Latest reports
from officials there represent that all
danger of collision has passed.
it is said in otnciai circles tnat tne
President has no present intention to
suspend the habeas corpus in any other
Southern State than South Carolina, un
less a condition of things shall occur sim
I he receipts from internal revenue
sources, from July 1 to November 4, in
clusive, were $48,900,731. The expenses
of revenue officers for the past quarter
have been reduced fully thirty per cent.
from the corresponding period last year.
it is understood tnat tne plan ot consol
idation of internal revenue districts lias
been abandoned.
Secretary Boutwell proposes tr recom
mend a reduction of thirty millions in
the tariff and internal revenue receipts.
uiujiiuuiuTO uv xtcyuuirauus xit i
Cleveland who onnosed the election of "ar.1" pruciauueu cuimuesiu
tlie regular ticket in that co.mtv. and render such a course necessary
who are able and willing to spend money
freely to purchase such purchasable
members, if any can be found, as will
serve to neutralize the Republican ma
jority in the House lot Representatives.
i ne men wno figured in tne pretended
reform movement in Hamilton countv,
two years ago, are active in efforts to get
Kepublicans to agree to the proposed coa
lition. Although those engaged m this
purpose of forming a ring to possess
themselves of the results of the victory
at the October election boast freely of
their ability to'control the seven Repub
lican votes necessary tor their purpose,
but one or two cases have been ascer
tained where their advances are known
to have met with favor from Republi
cans, and confidence is expressed that
there is not money enough in the con
trol of this newly found ring to buy the
requisite numocr ot votes to give tnem
the majority. It cannot, however, be
denied that the participation ot some
who have hitherto acted with the Repub
licans, and the fact that the use of Gen
eral Cox's name is permitted, has caused
considerable uneasiness among those
who see that the success of the plot might
result in a possime itepumican defeat in
unio next year,
A special to the Gazette says the mail
express on the Cincinnati and Indiana
polis Junction Railroad was thrown from
the track bv a cow, cast of Liberty, In
diana, wrecking the engine, tender, bag
gage car, passenger car and Pullman's
sleeping coach. Charles Pender, con
ductor of the train, and O. Rose, conduct
or of the Pullman coach, were slielulv
injured. Five passengers in the sTeep-
ing coach were injured, part it is feared
latally. The whole number hurt so far
as known, is fifteen, ten of them serious
ly. The train was terriblv wrecked and
it is surprising that no one was killed
No blame is said to be attached to those
in charge.
recommend the reduction of at. least fifry i
millions. Itis understood that the finan
cial committee are favorable to a larsrer
reduction than that proposed by Secre
tary Boutwell. They favor the "repeal of
the income tax, and Boutwell desires the
retention of some additional.
Senator Scott, has received a leter from
Yorkville, South Carolina, dated. Octo
ber 29, in which it was stated that Avery,
Tomlinsou and Bratton, together with
twenty or thirty others of the Kn Klux,
precipitately fled, and about one hundred
and sixty delivered themselves up. The
evidence is very strong against them.
There is confirmation of a large number
of whippings, and of the hanging of
Tom li n son, of which Bratton was leader
and Avery an accessory also of the mur
der of Brown, Leet ann Romidtree, and
five other murders not heretofore sus
pected. Thirty men concerned in the
murders arc in jail, most of them having
fully confessed, and showed that all the
murders were committed by order of
Grand Chief Avery. There is rejoicing
among the people at the relief which has
been aflorded them, and the President's
action is thought to be vindicated by
facts.
The President is jubilant over the elec
tions. He is particularly delighted at
the result in New York City and State.
The Republican newspapers state that
a movement is on foot, started by a few
discontented Republicans, to brins Col-
The usual Sabbath oulct of Cleveland fax forward as a candidate for President
was disturbed at an early hour last Sun- in opposition to Grant. The Vice Pres
day evening by the report of a shocking ident denies that there is anything in the
murder which had been committed in a movement. He has no doubt of Grant's
saloon in the New Enzland Block on
Broadway. The facts as gathered from
eye witnesses to circumstauces which
led to the affray are as follows On Sun
day afternoon John Schmidt, a German
butcher, and a resident of the city for
the last thirteen years, met Henry Noll
and after driving about for some time
returned to the saloon of Noll where, in
company witn one Helper, they remain
ed for some time enza&red in conversa
tion. About eight o'clock three or- four
negroes entered and one of them de
manded liquor which was refused.
bcnmiut interposed and attempted to
quiet the negro who seemed determined
to make a disturbance. A struggle en- i
sued, in which the negro drew a knife or
razor and struck Schimdt a wicked blow
on his right arm, dividing the muscle
above the elbow and severing the artery
oi tne arm.
Schmidt at once turned awav and
threw up his hands, crying 'help.' He
staggered across the room, scattering the
blood, which flowed piofusely from his
wouna, aoout tne noor, and turning he
fell backward in front of the bar near
the place where he had received the fa-
Coshouion, R. C. Black
burn. Crawford, T b o s J
White.
Cuyahoga
GEORQE NOAKES,
H. W. Curtis,
C. li. Dabcock,
H. M. Chapman.
Darke. T. I. Stiles.
Dellance and Paulding:,
Meigs, Sam'l 5T. Titvs.
Mercer, Dun'l J. Callen,
Miami. Geo. C. Clyde.
Monroe, W in. Milligan.
.Montgomery
Henry Hchoenfeldt,
J. M. Smith.
Morgan, Richard
ST ANTON.
Morrow, Albert II.
Brown.
Muskingum
Elias Ellis.
Win. 11 Ball
Delaware, Eugene Noble, D. I". Spriggs.
I'OWELL. Ottawa, a. c. Lelana.
Erie, D. C RICHMOND. Perry, Lewis Green.
Fairfield, Jesse Lcoh- Pickaway, A. It. Van
ner. Cleaf.
Fayette, M. J. Wil- Pike, Isaac Anstill.
i.iams. Portage, Josepu R.
Franklin, Clark White, Conrad.
Win. L. Rot!, Preble, Jos. miller.
Fulton, Ezra Mann. Putnam, J. J. Moore,
Gallia, Joseph Brad- Richland, A. C. Kile.
bury. Ross, Milton McCoy.
Geauga, Geo. H. Ford. Sandusky
Greene, John Little. Andrew Smith.
Guernsey, A bh au Arm- Scioto, John C. Ma-
strong, lone.
Hamilton Scneca,iJolin Scitz.
Robert Cremhton, Shelby, John Counts.
Chas. P. Taft.
John T. Fallis.
John M. Cochran,
John M. Wilson,
J. M. Brunswick,
T. J. Haldctnan,
T. A. Corcoran,
Robert O. Strong,
John A. Shank.
Hancock,CHAS. Oster-
LETN.
Hardin, Benj. Wad
dle. Harrison, B. Cunningham.
Stark
Sam'l C. Bowman,
Ellis N. Johnson.
Snmimtt, Sanford M
Bl'RNHAM.
Trumbull. J. K. Winq.
Tuscarawas, Garrett B.
fin i in.
Union, A. J. Stxrlino,
Van Wett, H. Woible.
Vinton, T. M. Bay.
Warren. Jas. Scott.
Washington, W. G.
w ay.
Wayne, T. W. Peckin-
Henrv, J. M. Hagg. paiigh.
Highland, P. M. WICK- Williams, S.E. BLAZES
ItBH AM. LEE.
Hocking, Oaklcv Case. Wood, John Morris.
Holmes, Wellington Wyandot, John Klior.
Sfjllwell
Huron, H, C, Brbckix-
bidok.
Near Bucyrus, Friday, William Barth,
wnue out hunting, fell from a wagon,
his gun bcinir discharged therebv. and
the load entered his head, from the etfects
oi wDica ne tueti soon atter.
renomination and election.
ARKANSAS.
There are no official returns, but the
Brooks tickets so called in opposition
to Clayton is elected by from 500 to 600
majority.
WISCONSIN
The weather being fine, a very large
vote has been polled in the State. Par
tial returns from various sections indi
cate the election of Washburn for Gov
ernor, and a Republican .majority in the
Legislature.
NEW JERSEY.
Dispatches from Newark, New Jersey,
announce Democratic gains everywhere
throughout the State. The change in
the city of Newark would elect Parker
even if the Democrats gained in no other
district. Sussex county probably gives
him 1,500 majority. Both branches of
the Legislature will be Republican.
MICHIGAN.
For the first time in twelve years the
Republicans have carried Detroit. Hugh
Motfat is elected Mayor by about 900
mnioritv. Five Renublicins :mfl fiv-p
tai blow. He died almost instantly af- Democratic Aldermen are elected leav
er his fall, the men upon going to him ing the Common Council thirteen Re-
louno tnat me was extinct. 1 he saloon- publicans to seven Democrats. -The
keeper says that Schmidt endeavored to balance of the Republican ticket is elect
persuade the negro, without using any ed except perhaps a Justice of the Pence,
harsh language, to emit the room and ..tc,,..
that the astault was wholly un warrant-1
from Kansas City, was broken up last
ed and villainous.
The negro was arrested by the detec
tives on Seneca street, opposite Sturte
vant's planing mill. The deceased was
about thirty-five years of age, and leaves
a wife and four children under twelve
years old. He had been engaged in the
business of a butcher for some yeais, and
has always been prosperous, leaving
a valuable property on Wilson avenue,
the place of his residence. He was con
sidered among the German population as
a very respectable citizen.
At Akron, on Wednesday, Nov. flth, a
most horrid murder was committed at
the County Infirmary. From reliable
sources we learn that among the insaue
confined at the infirmary was a woman
named Laura Lyon. She had been in
sane for eight years, had been pronoun
ced incurable, and had become idiotic.
She was perfectly harmless, and .although
living in a cell, her door was never
locked, and she had sat upon the floor
for years not offe.-ing to move. In a cell
not far from her was Ellen Boyd, an
Irish woman, a sister to the well known
character, Jimmie, of Akron. She, too,
had been confined for years, and attimcs
her ravings have been'most horrid. At
intervals,
mild, an
has allowed her to come out and do her
washing. Tuesday, October thirtieth,
her cell door was opened and she pro
ceeded to do her washing. She was seen
soon after laughing heartily as she
washed at her tub, and Mr. Glines, the
Superintendent, entering the apartment
saw upon the floor poor Laura Lvons
Is, however, she has become quiet iL,0t.h1e th
id once in two weeks her keeper tV I M?,' A
.a-MHiP.rtnmmsi.i.t.nH rl I'P8 1949 Mattering 12.
Saturday, and J. O. Rilley and Tom Ilal
lard arrested. Henry Cole and Josi.ili
Myer, the latter the leader of the gang,
were also captured, but escaped while
the officers were examing the house.
The articles captured are. one $1,000 Na
tional Bank note plate, one 2 National
Bank note plate, two jlO National Bank
plates, four sets of fifty cent plates, two
sets of engravers tools", ten transfer roils
and bed-pieces, two transfers and live
printing presses, $8,500 in counterfeit
bills, and a quantity of fibre paper, the
same as used by the government.
MASSACH USETTS
Returns give Washburn in round num
bers 51,000 votes, Adams 35,000, and
Chamberlin and Pitman about 5000 each.
Wasbburn's plurity will exceed Ciuflin's
of last year, which was less than 0,0H0.
The legislature will be largely Ri publi
can.. Charles Hale, late Consul General
in Egypt, is elected Senator over Wil
liam D. Park, Democrat. The a nti-an-nexationists
have carried Charleston.
Boston, with the exception of the Fifth
Ward, gives Washburn 8,140, Adams 7,
112, Chamberlin 249, Pitman 287. Last
year, including the Fifth ward, the vote
ams 5,973o, Phil-
H2 12. 'I lie returns
from several of the principal towns indi
cate the general result in the Slate. The
vote is unusually small.
KENTUCKY.
At nine and a half o'clock snnday
night the giving away of a column in
tne lower room ol the African Baptist
weltering in her gore, while her murder- Church corner of Fifth and York streets,
ess, Lllen Boyd, stood at her wash tub somewhat created a panic among the
laughingjin her frenzy and washing the congregation in the upper room, and the
blood from the ax with which (she had whole body rushed, jammed and crushed
chopped her inoffensive victim to pieces, down two narrow stairways on each Mdc
Ellen had while washing taken the ax, of the doors, men trampling upon
gone to Mrs. Lyon's cell, and seeing her women and children in their fright,
had first struck her poor victim on the Eleven were killed outright, two of them
top of her head and then with tho sharp children, and a number more or less
edge bad burton it m the side of her wounded
neati, just aoove tne ear. Ellen was at Rilled are
Representatives had pledged themselves
to vote for articles of impeachment j
againsthim without investigation, and
that the Senate had determined to unseat
a sufficient number of Republican mem
bers to secure his conviction without re
gard to the truth and validity of the
charges, defamed this general assembly
by said charges which are untrue; aud
that the statement of the same letter, to
the effect that the people of Georgia have
recently denounced or ignored the Con
stitution of the United Stutes, is false
aud defamatory to the people of this
State. On the contrary, we assert that
the people of this State do now as they
did six months ago, when, according to
the letter of said Rufus B. Bullock, they
were peaceably disposed, acquiesce in
the result of the war, neither entertain
any hostility toward the United States,
nor deny to any person within the liinit
of the f-jtate the equal protection of its
laws.
CTAH.
There is considerable excitement in re
gard to discoveries of rich gold quart, in
Bingham cann.tu. The assays have
reached as higli a.- two thousand dollars
per ton.
i Great indignation exists among min
ers and mine owners in regard to the
high frieght tariffs on the Union Pacific
Railroad. Hundreds of freight cars run
oast empty every day rather than carry
the ores of Utah ar.-iny profit to shippers.
A well known Mormon, writing from
Beaver, under date of Oct. 31, says:
"Brother Brigham arrived here tiiis
morning, aud, after resting about, five
hours, left for Saint George, on the
southern border of the territory. He
was escorted by twelve mounted men of
the Nauvoo Legion. I am told," says
the writer, "that he has bade a final
adieu to Salt Lake City. This movement
of Brother Brigham is greatly agitating
the minds of the people hereabouts."
The Mormon press has made no re
sponse to the published fact that polyga
my in Utah was utterly disavowed aiid
condemned by the Mormon authorities
until six mouths after the passage of the
Territorial Act against adultery and las
civious cohabitation. The act was ap
proved March 6, 1852. The revelation
of Polygamy is said to have been made
Aug. 2'J, 1S52. This overthrows coui-
pletelv ihecltarse that the United States
Court here was wrong in allowing a ver
dict under that "net against a polygainist
on the erratum that tue aet was passed by
a polygamous legislature, aud hence the
intent was not to punish polygamists,
Gov. Woods issued a proclamation for
the observance of the 30th of November
for public thanksgiving and praise to
Almighty God. The Governor says:
We have been the favored children of
the Republic. No great calamity has
visited us, peace and prosperity prevails.
our eranenes are lull, our mines are
rich and inexhanstable, our future is
full of promise. Let all the people re
joice and the praise of God be lisped by
every tongue,
Phillip Daniel Jones, and a man nam
ed Wright, were arrested in this place bv
United States Marshall Patrick for the
murder of Bennett, whose bodv was
found near the city about a week ago,
and who was reported to have been kill
ed while in the act ot .stealing horses
It is said now and generally believed
that Bennett was shot in cold blood on
account of a woman.
The weather is reported extraordinari
ly severe in some of the mining districts.
Iu Big Cottonwood, snow was four feet
deep on a level, with fearful drifts. As
high as thirty dollars Were offered to
carry sixty pounds of provisions up the
canon but no teamsters could be found
to attempt the passage. It is feared that
the miners will suffer for want of food.
ILLINOIS.
Astounding revelations have been
made of operations of Alderman C. C. P.
Holden, in the use of the Relief funds.
Immediately after the fire a relief society
was formed, of which Holden was made
Treasurer. The composition of the so
ciety not being satisfactory to the com
mittees from Cincinnati, Louisville, In
dianapolis, St. Louis, aud other cities
than here. Mayor Mason dissolved it,aud
directed that everything should be turn
ed over to the old relief society, an insti
tution under the control of citizens of in
tegrity aud regularly incorpo. ated. This
was satisfactory to the committees of the
oilier cities, but was not to some of the
aldermen, and tin v refused to recognize
the new arrangem -nts. This unpleas
antness was uieutioiic 1 in the dispatches
at t:.n time. It now transpires that
Holden, while actinir as treasurer, se
cured at least fifteen thousand dollars of
the relief funds and considerable sup
plies which he refused to give up, when
a requisition was ma le on him by the
proper authorities. Is is now alleged
that this money was used hy lloldeu to
secure his election as mayor, and very
damaging evidence is produced iu sub
stantiation of this charge.
The publication of a lettfr of Governor
Palmer ro Attorney General Bushnell,
requesting him to present the facts in
the killing of General Thomas W. Gros
venor to the grand jury of Cook county,
has created a sensation. Very good au
thority denies the right of the Governor
to inflate such proceedings unless the
State's Attorney should first refuse to
present the matter to the Grand Jury,
but on the other hand, Governor Palmer
is recognized as a lawer of ability, and
not likely to make such a mistake. It is
charged by the friends of General Sheri
dan, that Palmer is unfriendly to him,
aud has taken this opportunity to do him
an injur-. At any rate, Sheridan seems
the least disturbed about it of any body.
Governor Palmer, in his letter reviews
the evidence before the Coroner's Jury,
wherein it was shown that Mayor Mason
requested Lieutenant General Sheridan
to preserve order in the city, that the lat
ter authorized Colonel F. T. Sherman to
raise a regiment of militia; that several
companies were to organized and acted
under orders issued bv Colonel Sherman
First. Becanse it is the largest paper ever
)ublished in this county, and because it fur
nishes each week nearly three columns
more reading- than all tae other pa
pers combined.
Second. Because it has a larger list off
contributors than any other paper in
Northern Ohio.
Third. Becanse it is in every sense of the
word, "a live paper," "for live people."
Fourth. Because it is, in the broadest sense,
fair and independent upon all subjects, wheth
er Social, Beligious or Political.
Fifth. Because iu articles are all to the point.
and its columns are not ailed with long and
prosy essays devoid of all interest.
Sixth. Secause it gathers the news from all
quarters of the world, by telegraph and
through Its own special correspondents and re
porters, and condenses it into such brief shape
earefnllv R,-lf(-f,l f mm fhp .hlMliuim. Bntl fiw-
tue itepumieans win noi ian iar snori, oi eign publications. The serials are exciting.
and free from any of the objectionable features
once confined in her cell. Mrs. Lvon
was examined and life was found to be
still in her body ehe lingered insensible J
and that through this man Treat was tin-
One had a leir broken. The i der such orders when he shot General
all women. The scene M as Grosvenor, and is guiltless of any legal
terrible, and heartrending. Mothers offense. The Governor says that in con
screaming over their dead children, bus-- elusion that no one will pretend that the
nanus in agony over wives. The column power to raise organize and employ
until Tuesday, the seventh, when she 1 or pillar which gave wav Droved to have troons. or to call the organization of the
been set on the lower floor between the 1 militia of the United States into service
died,
CALIFORNIA.
From California we have the melan
choly iuttlligenee that aterrible calan.ity
has occuired in the Arctic ocean. The
steamship Moses Taylor, from Honolulu
aud Australia, reports having boarded
the waterlogged brigg Shelchnff, from
San Francisco to Callao, and found all
dead exceot the captain. She also reports
a terrible disaster to the Arctic whaling
neet, wnicn was caugnt in tne ice. 1 nir-
ty-three vessels were crushed or aban
doned. The captains of the whalers
Arctic, Gayhead, Minerva, Eliza Swift
Reindeer, Eugenia and Pacia had ar
rived at Honolulu and furnished the fol
lowing details: The vessels commenced
arriving, says Capt. Thaueu-, on the first
ot Mav. On the nrst oi June tne ice
opened and let tiie fleet up within sight
of Cape Navariuo. The fleet working
northwards found some whales crossing
the Sea of Anadyr, and in the Behring
Sea more and plenty, but experienced
much trouble from ice, aud when the
fleet arrived at Cape Behring aud Flow
er Buy the whales had passed through
into the Arctic Ot.ean, whither the fleet
followed, meeting with fair success until
about the 1st of September, when ice
floes and bergs to a great extent com
menced drifting down, and by the 10th
a number of vessels had been sunk and
the bulk of the remainder were ashore.
On September 2d the brig Comet sank,
and on the 7lh the Roman was drifted
bodily out to sea by two floes and crushed
like an eggshell, lhe crew narrowly
escaped. The Florida and Victoria of
ban t rancisco were also crushed, bep-
tember 13th the captains of the fleet
hemmed in between Point Belcher and
Wuiuwright Inlet held a meeting and
resolved to abandon the vessels iu order
to save the lives ot the crews, which was
done, aud 1,200 sailors took refuge on
hoard the remainder ot the fleet which
had been fortunate enough to escape out
side before the ice had closed in the ves
sels. The vessel? abandoned are the
Concordia, Gayhead.George, John Wells,
Massachusetts, Henrv Tabar, E. Swift.O.
C'oocker, Navy, Reindeer, Fanny .George
.evl;mii, 1 aeia, Eugenia, llahoola and
T. Dickinson. Itis supposed that the
whole number lost will reacn thirty
three. The vessels known to be safe,
with the oil secured, are as follows Arc
tic, with 480 barrels; Progress, 250;
Chance, 220 sperm and 280 whale; Dan
iel Webster, 250; Lagoda, 725; Europa,
330; Meuos, 4o0 whale and 140 sperm
All tha abandoned vessels, it is believed,
will be a total loss, there being little
chance of recovering even the cargoes in
the Spring. The captain of the Florida
arrived here by the Moses Tavlor. The
news created the greatest excitement at
Honolulu and ban Francisco.
The following details of the massacre
of the Chinese at Los Angelos is by a
correspondent ot the ban r rancisco Bul
letin The tragedy rose from au ill-feel
ing ot long standing between two rival
Chinese companies. These parties had
a difficulty with one another on the pre
vious day, and a preliminary examina
tion was neui at one ot the justice's
courts. On returning to their quarters,
aud just as night set in, they resumed
their quarrel, and pistols were freely
used; oliicers and citizens immediately
rushed to the scene to separate and ar
rest the combatents. Some of the Chi
nese, however, turned upon their pur
suers and fired their pistols at them.
wounding one officer in the right shoul
der, snooting a ooy in tne leg aud a citi
zens named Robert Thompson through
the breast, from the effects of which he
died within an hour and a half. They
then sought refuge in their quarter. The
bh ck in which these Chinese secreted
themselves was surrounded by a mob,
and none were permitted to leave. Short
ly after the blockade commenced one
Chinaman attempted to escape, and with
a hi'tchet iu hand, determined to cut his
way through the human band encircling
the Chinese stronghold. He was quick
ly captured, and the constables eudeav
ored to carry him off to jail, but the
crowd closed upon the officers, and,over-
powenng them, seized the Chinaman and
inarched him up Temple street to the
corner of New High street. Here the
cioss oeam oi the sliding door or a cor
ral offered a convenient gibbet. A rope
was immediately procured, attached to
ihe victim's neck, thrown over the cross
beam, and amid the shouts of the mob
ha was hoi.-ted up. This mob, consisting
mainly ot native Calif ornians, the dregs
of society, returned at once to the scene,
drunk with their fiendish work. It was
not until 10 o'clock that any real attempt
was made to storm the Chinese strong
holds, who had barricaded their doors,
ihere being no windows to these adobe
houses. In the mean time saveral futile
anenips to lire the block were made. At
10 o'clock un eutry was made into one of
the houses, aud the inmates, more deid
than alive, were dragged out and hur
ried to the first hanging place at hand.
Four were suspended from the sides of
a wagon. Six were hanging from the
awning of some dwellings on Los Anle
los ttr-'et, three in a bunch one, a mere
boy of eight or nine years old. All of
these were fearfully mangled before
reaching the place of execution. Ropes
were placed around their necks immedi
hiteiy upon being captured, and sonic of
them were strangle! I before being
hanged. Sixteen Chinamen thus suffer
ed. Two bodies, one a woman's, were
found shot dead. Chinese companies
have made arrangements for commen
cing suits for damages against the city of
Los Angelos for the murder of their
country-men and the robbery of their
families by rioters.
NEW YORK.
Probably no election heretofore occur
ring has excited as much in erest as that,
of New York on Thursday. Everywhere
it was apparent that important issues
were at state. Men who had not been
at the polls for many years were active
throughout the day in the work of can
vassing. In New York order generally
prevailed, the disturbances occurring be
ing confined to the lower portion of the
city. In Tweed's district the rowdies;
were very violent ami committed out- I
rages on peaceable citizens with impuni
ty. Rossa, Tweed's opponent, was at
tacked iu one of the districts by a set of
rullians, who previously had smashed
the box eontuin'ng votes generally. In
this district reporters ami thieves were
in the ascendency, aud by intimidation
deterred many respectable men from
voting the Reform ticket. On the whole,
however, there is great rejoicing at the
success which has oeeu achieved in the
interCst of the honest government.
Immense crowds were assembled until
long after midnight in tho various plaies
of the city, awaiting the coining in of
returns. At the bar rooms rows were
very numerous, and the number of ar
rests usual iu election time is reported
large. A number of Tammany repea
ters are. in Custody, and will be prosecu-
a two-thirds vote in either House. The
Star, Tweed's paper, says We have met
the enemy and candor compels us to an
nounce tnat we are decidedly "theirs.
There is no good in blinding the facts,
Tammany tickets are overwhelmingly
defeated.
Peter B. Sweenv has tendered his res
ignation of the office of Commissioner of
Public Parks. His litter is dated Nov. 1
but was not given for publication until
atter the election. In ins letter to May
or Hall he states his resignation is in ac
cordance with an intention expressed
several weeks ago to retire from public
life at the termination of this election.
He did not feel at liberty to resign earli
er. His duty to the party impelled him
to continue to labor for its success. "I
have explained to you personally," he
savs. "the reasons which have prompted
this action, xnese reasons are oi an
overruling character, but -I don't pro
pose at this time to give them up. The
public position I have held in the Depart
ment ot rarks, although responsible in
character and attended with no pecunia
ry compensation, nas nevertheless been
exceedingly agreeable to me in the op
portunity it has anorcled to advance im
portant public improvements, and in the
pleasant official relation wnicn l nave
enioved. I sever my conuection with
the Department with regret. I have felt
great interest in the improvement of the
City Parks, and desired to continue my
operation iu their development under
the new plans until tneir completion.
They are now practically finished." A
woman named Margaret Muller present
ed herself at the polling booth in Green
wich street. The inspectors took her
vote and she went on her way rejoicing,
amid the cheers of the crowd. Victoria
AVoodhul and Tennie Claflin offered to
vote, but were refused. Woodhul pro
tests in a lengthy card.
About three thousand Mormons ar
rived on Wednesday by the steamer Ne
vada, and will leave this evening under
charge ot one ot the Mormon folders,
Judge Ingraham has granted awrit of
error in the caseot Rozeuvweig,abortion-
lst, returnable at the next general term
of the Supreme Conrt, which takes place
in January.
Judge Barnard stated in court that
h5 was determined to stop imprisonment
for debt or as witnesses, and he iiad no
doubt the murderers of Nathan and Rog
ers would have been discovered but for
the fear on the part of some who had
seen them of indefinite imprisment.
The Times is authorized to state that
Governor Hoffman will recommend to
the next Legislature to so amend the laws
as to prevent imprisonment for debt, and
will also recommend special legis'ation
regarding undue detention of witnesses.
Ingersoll returned to New York Mon
day night. He had been in Constant
communication with his friends and as
certained that the limitation of the order
of arrest which had been granted against
him expired Saturday. Tuesday he ap
peared at tne pons in tne xmii ward
voted a Tammany ticket and retired
Wednesday he sent a messenger to the
Sheriffs office with the information that
be awaited his arrest with considerable
impatience and had gentlemen In readi
ness te sign the bond of release. His ar
rest cannot be effected until a new order
can be granted and this probably will be
done to-day (rriaayi. as to where liar
vey is Sheriff Brenan has no accurate
information, but he has reason to believe
that he Is somewhere in Canada and will
eventually return. Afttr leaving the
city Garvey sent instructions to his broth
er to pay "all small claims" against bim,
and several of these have since been
paid
The World says that the most extraor
dinary rumors are in circulation concern
ing the issue of bonds of the State of
South Carolina. Suspicions are enter
tained that there have been such over is
sues as absolutely to endanger the sol
vency oi tue state,
Charles O'Conor states that he is cer
tain that three to six millions will be re
covered from Tweed. The aiders and
abettors of Tweed are to be proceeded
against aiso,
Sewing Machine
ALSO
GIVEN A TV A Y.
Another splendid chance to anyone desirino-
to obtain a genuiue
Elias Howe Sewinc IyTo-
chine! ForNotliing!
To any person eettinjc nr. a clubofon.
dred yearly subscribers, and forwrrfi.
the price of subscription,- 200, we will present
as to present a reliable mirror of all that is go- one or tlle Justly celebrated Elias Howe Sewing?
MBI-ninM Whl.h Ball II S r
oo.w, ana to each or
the persons composing-the club we will
present a splendid steel.plate engrav.
in which retail. t te.OO. The only
difference between this club and the preceedin'r
one Is in the value of the mrt,n .-.I
quently in the number of subscribers required"
wv7 w tne ,ame a that for
ST0.00 except that one is provided with
and the other is not. In every other particular
the two are identical.
Other Splendid Premiums.
WATCHES of the World-
nenovned American
"Watch Company's
Slake Given
For
NEW SUBSCRIBERS
TO THE
Gainesville Journal.
As Follows:
To any person procuring titt-
ly subscriber, to the Journal, will be pre
sented one of the American Company'.
Sterling Silver, HnntinrC.se, Cen-
r These watches are
furnished with solid silver caps, and will be
enn'n American works, and sol
id Sterling SilverCases. The regular price
for the watches is 40.00. As in all other
clubs, so in this we will-in order to enable those
getting up the lists to offer every inducement-
H eacn one of tne flft7 Persons compos
ing the club, one of the large Steel Plate En
gravings, SSxS4, which retail at 2.0O, just the
subscription nrit-o nr v.
pokier lueu.
To any person nr.u nrino r
ly subscribers to the Journal, we will pre
sent a watch precisely similar to the above in ey
ery respect, except the weight of the cases, and
at 30.00, and as before an en-
rraring to each of the forty subscribers.
ing on in this and other countries.
Seventh. Because Its Market Report of
Stock, grain, groceries and agricultural pro
ducts, of home and foreign markets are always
reliable.
Eighth. Because it Is a paper for the Home
Circle always hav ing something for the young
folks, as well as for the old folks; something
for the humorous as well as for the thoughtful;
something for the gentlemen as well as for the
ladies; in fact, something for all tastes.
The Journal presents the greatest number of
regular and carefully edited departments of any
paper published in this section.
The Literary Department
Will always be found filled with choice and
varied reading, either written expressly for the
Journal by the best author of the land, or
of ordinary sensational Romances. the essays
upon Religious,Social or Political topics are able,
fair and liberal its numerous column quaint,
fanciful and witty its general articles spicy and
interesting, and its Poetry, original and selected,
pure, chaste and of the highest order.
The Children. Column.
Has already ocqnired a reputation which was
well expressed by one of the lady subscribers
who said "That one column alone was well
worth the whole price of subscription. Its
stories are pretty and inculcate he highest
morality."
The Religion. News
is culled from the religious publications of the
whole world, and presents a brief but com pre
bensire view of all that occurs of interest during
each week, together with such other items of
general religious information as are of interest
to all.
The Agricultural Column
Is carfnlly edited with a desire to always pres
ent reasonable suggestions and hints that will
benefit the Farmers generally, and advance all
aggricultural interests.
The Column of Practical Hint.
Is prepared with the greatest care, and will be
found to contain much information that will
be of nse in the family and in the workshop.
No receipts are presented without first having
been practically tested, and hence may be re
lied upon.
The Editorial.
Will always be fair and impartial, and as able as
the abilities of the editor will enable them to be.
The News of the Week
Is a department which is alone worth'the full
price of subscription. In it will be found the
latest and most reliable news of the whole week,
collected from every part of the world. It is
carefully prepared and arranged in States and
Countries. The entire civilized world is repres
ented in the column devoted to this department,
and no other paper here presents in its entire
contents so great an amount of reliable informa
tion in regard to the doings everywhere as is
found in this one department alone.
The markets
In all the principal cities from which produce is
received or to which itis sent, are given op to the
latest hour of going to press and are always re
liable and correct.
The Local New.
From all parts of the County is full and com
plete. The reporters and correspondents of the
Journal are able, and spare no lsbor in col
lecting items so as to make their several depart
ments to contain everything that may transpire.
The Columns of the Journal
are ever open to the discussion upon any topic
of public interest wnlch contains no element of
personalities, and, although the editor will not
hold himself responsible for the views and opin
ions that may be advanced, yet the contributors
are at liberty to advocate such as may seem
proper to them in support of their positions.
The Journal
In short is a paper wherein Freedom of Speech,
Energy In Collecting News, firmness in Discus
sion and the broadest Liberality in all things will
always be found.
0-
OTHER PREMIUMS
EOR
Smaller Clubs.
A Rare Chance to Procure
Standard Works
BY THE
BEST AUTHORS.
For Thirty new subscribers will be iriven a
splendid copy of Webster's TTnabridg-ed
uicllonary, which sells at klS.SO, and to
each of tho thirty members of the club
one of the tS.OO Engravings.
Or for thirty new Subscribers win be
given a full bound set of Dicken's Works,
which retail at 19.00, and a years subscription
to the Optic's Boys and Girls Magazine, the sub
scription price of which is 3.0O, while an engraving-valued
at 42.00 will be given to each
of the club.
For twenty subscribers will be given
a years subscription to any two of the following
named magazines or papers Cassell's Magazine
(monthly parts, reprint), price 3.50 per annum
Hearth and Home, weekly, price 2.00 per an
num; Home Journal, weekly, 3.00 pea annnm;
New York Ledger, weekly, price 8.09 peran
The Rural New Yorker, weekly, 8.00 per an
num; Godev's Lady's Book, monthly, price 8.00
per annum, and each of tho twenty in the
club will also be presented with a magnifi
cent steel plate engraving valued at
SS.OO
For ten subscribers, a years subscription
to any one of the magazines or papers named
above, will be given to the getter np of the club
and an Engraving to each member of the club.
For Five subscribers, an engraving
as above and the Journal for one year
will be sent to the getter up of the club, and an
engraving to each one of the other five
composing the club.
FORI NOTHING.
Notwithstanding the large numbers of subscri
bers who are already enrolled upon tne Sub
scription Book of the Journal, it is hoped that
the next thirty days will see the list grown to
twice its present size. Twenty-five hundred
subscriber by the first of January are the least
that are expected, and in order to secure them.
one of the largest and most liberal Premium
Lists ever offered by any paper, is now offered
for all to avail themselves of.
To every new yearly subscriber, on and
after this date, will be presented a beautiful
Steel Plate Engraving,
SIZE 18X24.
The retail price of which is everywhere not
less than t200. -J&J
Remember, This is not a premium offered,
in case yon secure one or more new subscribers
aside from your own, but is a magnificent pres
ent made to each and every person who shall
subscribe to the Jocrkal for one year. The
General James McLeary, formerly of I picture itself cannot be bought for less money
the Forty-first Ohio, and on General
Hazen's staff, present Republican Con
gressman irom the St. Mary's parish,
Louisiana, died of consumption, in New
York. His remains will be brought to
Ohio.
Miss Alice Mapes was taken from a
Filth avenue stage In a dying condition,
on Saturday. Shedied shortly afterwards
at St. Luke's hospital. A post mortem
examination showed poison, aud it is be
lieved she was drugged by villiaus who
answered her advertisement as govern
ess. A meeting was held of the stockhold
ers of the Atlantic Great Western
Kailroad of New York, at their office in
Nassau street, to take into consideration
an agreement make by the Directors of
the Company, for the consilidation of
the interests of the Company with those
of the Atlantic and Great Vestern rail
road of Pennsylvania. There whs a full
attendance of the stockholders, over
ninety-nine per cent, of the stock being
represented, and the vote for consolida
tion was unanimous.
Austria
Count Boust, Chancellor of the Em
pire, has tendered his resignation on the
ground of ill health. A Vienna press
organ of the opposition hints that the re
tirement of the Premier was involuntary,
and that lie had received from the Em
peror an intimation to the effect that Lis
resignation would be acceptable. Count
Andrassy takes the portfolio of foreign
affairs.
Iu the Bohemian Diet a rescript was
read emphasising the supremacy of tiie
empire. The emperor declares that gen
eral laws can only be altered in tiie man
ner prescribed iu the general constitu
tion, warns the Diet against any attempt
to nullify or disregard them, and exhorts
Bohemia to send her usual representa
tions tothe Reichsrath, declaring at the
same time Unit failure or refusal to do
this will involve the gravest political
consequences.
Germany.
The German Government lias assured
Switzerland of the remote possibility of
the passage of the St. Gothard Railway
at tho present session of the Reiclistry";
but statins that owinir to the nressureof
import ant financial measures, action will
be postponed until March, when the
Parliament reassembles.
The Swiss Embassador here is empow
ered by his Government to sign the
treaty immediately upon its passage.
Chancellor Von Bismarck, in order to
prevent further conflicts between the
German troops and the inhabitants of
tho cities In the departments of France
occupied by tho former, has, at the solic
itation of the French Government, di
rected that the troops shall be kept lodged
iu isolated barracks.
than both picture and paper are furnished for iu
this way. There are now fifty different varie
ties of these steel-plate engravings, but our
want of space prevents any enumeration of their
names. When a subscription is made the sub
scribers can takejtheir choice.
0
SEWING MACHINE
Great Inducements.
MAGNIFICENT OFFER
TO
Every Subscriber of Tho
Painesville Journal
Wanting a Per
fect Sewing
Machine.
The celebrated Elias Howe Sewing Machine is
known the world over as standing among tho
few leading machines that may bo called per
fect. There aro so many good Sewing Machines
made now-a- lays, that is bus been a difficult
matter to say which is the nest. But we have
selected the celebrated Howe Sewing Machine
to offer as a premium, because we consider it,
berond a doubt, equal to the vxrt bust. If not
superior to any Sewing Machine Made. The
reputation of this machine for simplicity, dura
bility, rapidity of aetion, and having the best or
stitches, ranks with the verv best. This ma
chine, with walnut table, rover, and the modern
improvements sells at Skvixty Dollars.
We willlprcsent suchajmachine to any person
whowiil send us the names of One Hundred
and Twenty. five new subscribers, which,
at our usual rates, $4.00 each, is 50.
We simply want the names, with the money
of otu AMfr,tiii (iconry-.a'm jut-mm who do
not take our paper, and who roally subscribe for
It; they may be sent one at a time, or all togeth
er, they may he at one post-oilico, or more than
one we are only particular that they shall be
tona-fire mw uticrilfr4. On this liberal offer
we shall expect to send ono of those tudespensa
ble household articles into almost every town
ship in this county.
rersous intending to take advantage of this of
fer, and sending the subscribers names as thev
obtaln them, will please state in each instance
that they are sent on this account.
All subscriptions sent under this offer must
begin with the number of tha paper xtxt arna
TDE RKCE1PT Or THI MONKV.
Remittances must bo maid by pott-offlce
money-order, bank check, or express (paid.)
in order to prec-snt every possible in
ducement to those desiring to work for this
prvmjum, wa wlU add pi tU above offer, which,
READ THIS.
As great many persons desire to secure
one or more magazines and papers at the same
time, arrangements have been made, by which
the Journal can be furnished in connection with
the other publications of the day, on terms so
i favorable, as to afford an opportunity, but sel
dom met with, to secure them.
MONTHLIES.
Tne Atlantic Monthly.
The standard literary magazine of the country.
Harper's Monthly,
Always rich, racy and readable.
The Galaxy.
Bold, talented and liberal.
The Overland Monthly.
Fresh, piquant and interesting.
Scribner's Monthly,
Earnest, capable and unbiased.
Itippincott's Magazine,
Ever filled with varied and rare gems. Price
of the above magazines, Fenr Dollars earn.
Any one of the above magazines will be sent for
ne year together with the Journal, price
Two Dollars, and an enfravlag also
worth Two Dollars, to any person who will
forward Five Dollars; or we will send any
one of the magazines for one year and the
ensfravinsr to hut one who will send us
twelve new subsrribers to the Jour
nal, together with the money.
We will lasosend the Journal subscription
price Two Dollars one splendid SI eel
Plaie Engraving worth Two Dollars
together with:
Blackwood's (Reprint), price 4.00 for 6.55.
Frank Leslie's T.adie's Maga
zine, price 3.50 for 8.9S.
American L:iw Begister, price 6.00 for 0..V.
Lady's Repository, price S.riO for 5.00.
Our Young Folk's; price S.00 for 3.7V
Petersou's Magazine, price t.00 for S.50.
WEEKLIES.
We will send the Journal subscription
price Two Dollaa--an lCngraviuc
worth Two Dollarstogether wilh:
The American Citizen, price f.S.00, for S..
Appleton's Journal, price 4 O. for ft.ro
The Clipper, (sporting) price 5.00 for 5.50,
Frank l.cslir's Illustrated
Newsier. price 4.00 for 5.J0.
Frank Txlie's t himnev
Corner, price 4.00 for 5.50.
Frank Le.He's Boy's and Girl's
Weekly, price .50 for a TS.
Harper's Bazaar, price 4.00 for 5 7V
Harper's Weekly, price 4 tM for ft 73.
New York Ledger, price S 0(1 for 4 95.
Protestant t'limvhman, price 4.W lor 4 7J.
Scientific American, price S.00 for 4.75.
New York Weekly Times price .00 for S.UU
New York W'klvTribune,price9.00 for S.SS.
Sew York Weekly, price 8.00 for 4.5.
Every Saturday, price 5.00 for 5.M1.
Toledo Blade, price (.00 for 3.S5,
QUARTERLIES.
We will seud the Journal subscription
price Two Dollars an Uugrariug, Ac.
together with:
Edinburgh Iteview. (Reprint) price 4.00 for 5 00.
London i)uartvrly Review, price 4.00 for ft 00.
North British Review, prico 4.00 for 5.00
Westminster Roview, price 4.00 for 5.00.
FOREIGN WEEKLIES.
We send tho Journal subscription
price Two Dollars au Esfraviuf worth
Two Dollars together with:
Athennmu, price 0.00 for 10 00,
Bells Life, prica 10.00 for JO Oo!
Spectator, price u.00 for 14.00!
Art Journal (monthly) price 15.00 for 14.00!
Any other publication In Europe or America
as as fumubtd at like raaMBafll rates.