MORAL AND RELIGIOUS.
SOMEWHERE.
1Y AUGUSTA COOPER BRISTOL.
Soiiewhere, await the treasures we have strewn,
Waich idle hands and feet have rudely shatter

And tenderest love shall gather as its own
The pearls thus scattered.
Somewhere, the tears of broken-hearted trust,
Or patient sacrifice, and self-submission,
Shall form the rainbow promise of a just
And full fruition.
Somewhere, the narrow stepping-stones we tread—
Tre steep and terrible ascent of duty—
Shall change to velvet terraces, o’erspre:ad
Wits emerald beauty.
Somewhere, the doubtful seed that wehave sown
Scall well disprove a eold, uncertain rootage,
Arnd yindicate the hope we now disown
By iairest fruitage.
Somewhere, our human effort of te-day,
Tke faltering outcome of a pure intention,
Eternity shall hold as brave assay
An< true ascension.
O Uriversal Soul! The finiterange
Of earth and time mayv dwarf our high endeavor,
Yet life is victory, through the evolving change
O tny Forever.
—The Radical.
—The Presbyterians are organizing a
church at Salt Lake City.
—Cardinal Capalti is announced as the
candidate of the Jesuits for tne succes
sion to Pius IX.,
—onvertsfrom Mormonism have con
tribated $46,000 for the spread of the
gospel among the Mormons.
—A Methodist congiegation of eleven
Mexicans has been organized near La
Junta, the first of the kind in Mexico.
-—Japan and Persia are the only two
organized nations on the continent of
Asia where religious liberty is not guar
antied by treaty.
—The Lafayette, Ind., Presbytery gave
an emphatic ‘““No” to the question
wheather a Presbyterian minister may
baptize by immersion.
—The Seventh-Day Baptists have a
membership of about seven thousand.
They have two colleges: one at Milton,
Wisconsin, the other at Alfred, N. Y.
—Mis Ruth Painter, a Welsh lady, re
cently arrived from Europe, is preach
ing in Minnesota. She is licensed under
the auspices of the Welsh Congregation
al Chuarch.
—A revival is progressing among the
adherents of the Evangelical churches in
Huntington, L. I. The Methodists, Pres
byterians, and Baptists hold meetings
together every evening.
—A recent writer says Dollinger is
the head of the Catholic reform; Hya
cinthe is the heart. The greatness of
Dollinger consists in his learning, logic,
and honesty. The greatness of Hya
cinthe in hischarity, love and conscience.
—The American Congregational Union
reports that while new Congregational
charches are being formed at the rate of
a handred a year, the number of house
less churches has increased at the rate of
thiriy-five a year. Most of these are in
the West, and a little pecuniary assist
ance toward building would go great
way.
Luxury 1s NoT CHARITY. Paying our
pew-rents is not in any sense a matter of
Christian benevolence. Our pews are
contrivances for our personal comfort,
and our pastors are selected for our spec
ial edification. If we must have beauti
ful architecture, luxurious cushions, fres
coed walls, costly organs, and scientific
musicians, we must pay for them as for
other luxuries; and we should try to do
it ungrudgingly, and yvet at the same
time without supposing that a high pew
rent may be subtractea from our allow
ance for charities. The salaries of pas
tor and sexton, and the cost of Sunday
schools, music, gas, fuel, etc., are our
own privale expenses; as much as stop
ping leaks in our roofs at home, repair
ing our broken windows, or paying our
owx house-rent. I cannot point you to
an; blessings specifically promised for
doizg these particular things. In the
days of Peter and Paul, church mort
gage, as well as gas, organs, and Sunday
school libraries were unknown, and an
thracite furnaces were not required in
Palectine; but nevertheless I am sure,
from general gospel principles, that bless
ings always follow duties performed,
and I can easily find a denunciation if
we neglect them. ‘“lf any provide not
tor his own, and specially for those of
his own household, he hath denied the
faith, and is an infidel.”” 1 take it to be
strictly true that paying our due share
of the necessary expenses of our place of
worship is a most important way of pro
viding for our own, and for those of our
own house.— Protestant Churchman.
Tz To-Morrow or Deatn. Under
this title, M. Figuier, a French scholar
of some note, has just published a curi
ous bHook, which is being translated and
will soon be issued in this country. Pre
mising three elements in man—the ma
terial body, the vital force, and the soul
—he tirst tries to impress the reader with
the Insignificance and incompleteness of
this life. IHe holds that it can only be
anaccident, a fleeting phenomenon, hard
ly worth mentioning in the history of
nature: only an intermediate period
which Providence has condemned us to
traverse with rapid steps to reach a bet
ter state. He marks the physical and
moval conditions of the human life, ar
guing that those of the former are truly
detestable, and those of the latter quite
as bad. Man, he says—exposed to every
kind of suffering, owing as much to the
defective organization of his body as to
the external causes which incessantly
threaten it: dreading extreme cold and
heat; feeble and wretched coming into
the world naked and without any natur
al defence against the severest climate—
is a martyr. And thenit is a proved
fact that happiness is impossible here be
low. Man suffers in his affections, in
his unsatisfied desires, in the aspirations
and soarings of his soul, continually
driven back, broken by innumerable re
sisting obstacles. The few agreeable
sensations that we transiently feel are
paid. for by the most cruel griefs. He
then goes on to say: We believe that,
after death, the human soul passes into
a new body, to be incarnated in another
organism and constitute a being greatly
superior to man in moral power, and
ranking next above the human s%ecies
in the %xiemrchy of nature. This being
above man, in the scale of living crea
tures who people the universe,?ms no
name in any language. Only the angel
that the Christian religion honors and
worships, can convey to us an idea of
this being. Let us, however, waive this
word, and give the name of superhuman
being to this improved creature. After
the dissolution of the body, after life is
extinet, the soul, then, freed from the
material bonds which attached it to the
earth, goes to feel, to love, to conceive,
to enjoy freedom in a new body endow
ed with faculties more powerful than
those which belong to humanity. It
goes to constitute what we call the su
perhuman being.”
A COLUMN FOR GIRLS.
MACHINE POETRY.
The local poet of the Chicago Post broke his ma
chine by straining it too hard in grinding out the
following
The melancholy days have come,
The saddest of the year:
Gone are the pumpkin and the plum;
The falling leaves are sear;
The partridge now forgets to drum.
The squirrel to uprear
His merry tuil; the brooks are glum;
The anglers disappear;
The crow pursues the vagrant crumb,
Too grateful forthe cheer;
The top has ceased its summer hum,
The kites are out of gear;
O’er Mother Earth a fierce aufwmn
Inverts his icy spear;
Each morning some imbibe their rum,
And some absorb their beer;
Young soldiers mumble fi-fe-fum
To drive away their fear.
Blithe, happy, joyous school-girls thrum
Pianos far and near, j
Or cut the cake of Sally Lum
Or Clara Vere de Vere,
While others go to chawing gum
To check the truant tear;
A blind young man did once calum-
Niate his precious dear,
And railed, instead of being mum,
Because he did not see her.
Another man got deaf and dumb,
Because he could not hear,
But when with cold his feet grew numb,
He turned in his career,
And danced a polka on his thumb,
And walked off on his ear.
S Something broken 2 eeveessplumb,
in the sessee. quUeET,
machine! seees o tumeti-tun,
K-ch-X-r-r-r-r-r-r-e-r!

For the Independent Statesinan,
The Story of a Handkerchief.
“Tell us the story,” Aunt Nancy, tell
us the story!” we all cried, as wei
crowded around her chair in the chimney
corner where she sat knitting.
Aunt Nancy was great aunt to a large
flock of grand-nephews and nieces,
whom she was constantly eutertainingl
with stories of her younger days, of
which she had a never failing stock.
Almost every occurrence of our daily
living awoke some reminiscence of her
youth, to which she treated her eager
listeners forthwith. On the present oc
‘casion, sister Mary stood ironing at the
table, and Aunt Nancy had just remark
ed that she once knew a love-affair to
terminate successfully through the iron
ing of a handkerchief. Here was the
promise of something romantic, and we
wanted to know the rest right away.
Aunt Nancy smoothed her apron,
counted the stitches on the heel she was
setting, and began
When I was young, Minnie Bunker
was called the prettiest girl at ¢“The
Mills,” where we lived. A good deal
more business was done there in those
days than now, and Minnie’s mother
boarded some of the hands” whowork
ed in the mill. Among them were sev
eral young men_ who straightway fell in
love with Minnie. But Minnie in home
spun was as big a flirt as any that the
‘dress-makers manufacture now-a-days,
and although she flirted with all of them,
she would have none of them for a hus
band. Indeed,something of a strategist
was he who got so much as the oppor
tanity to offer her his heart and hand;
for Minnie smelt a proposal quicker than
the Pope ever smelt heresy, and, having
no fondness for what she called a
scene,” she devised a mnultitude of ways
for avoiding them; for, as one of her
adorers said: *lf you thought you’d
got her fairly cornered, if all other re
sources failed, her brother Harry would
make his appearance on the carpet, ex
actly as if he were kept for the occasion,
and upset the whole thing for that time.”
After a while, a fellow named John
Weston came from northern Vermont to
work in one of the mills, and boarded
at Mrs. Bunker’s. He was a great, hulk
ing, broad-shouldered six-footer, with
handsome brown eyes and hair. IHe had
dreadfully awkward manners, was bash
ful, and ecasily embarrassed. DBnt, like
the rest, he was soon carried away with
Minnie’s charms. She was very fond of
showing off’ the weak points of her ad
rmirers in a ridiculous manner, and all
the fellows supposed this new subject
would afford her abundant amusement.
Contrary to their expectations, she said
‘nothing about him, and very little to him.
~_ But the mystery was solved when one
‘day at the dinner-table, one of the board
‘ers said to Weston: I met a fellow
from your town to-day, who asked if
your wife was here.”
Just at this instant Minnie’s fork fell
to the floor. She was a long time in pick
ing itup, and it was a very white, though
perfectly steady, face that appeared
above the edge of the table at last.
Every one guessed her secret but John.
He was so surprised at the remark which
‘occasioned the trouble, that he had seen
nothing.
“You never told us you were married,
Mr. Weston,” said Mrs. Bunker.
“1 never was married,” was the
straightforward reply. ‘There was an
other John Weston in my native town,
to whom the gentleman doubtless re
ferred.”
His fellow-boarders were not a little
disconcerted thatthe awkward Vermont
er should “cut them all out.” They
took pains to inform him, very casually
of course, what a flirt she was, how
many offers she had refused, and in what
a perfectly barbarous manner she treated
l her lovers.
The winter had nearly passed away,
and John had not proposed. The de
sired opportunity had not yet presented
itself. He did not attend the singing
'school nor any of the young people’s
merry-makings. The last party of the
season” was to be given at Squire
Woodman’s, and John, after much urg
ing, had consented to go. On the after
noon previous to the grand affair, he
passed through the kitchen, where Min
nie was ironing. Somehow, her blue
eyes and rosy cheeks had never looked
so enchanting to him as now, and he re
solved that she should in some way lis
ten to his declaration before the evening
closed. Minnie gave a nervous little
start when she saw him coming, tipped
her flat-iron, and left a crease in the
handkerchief underit. She went on fold
ing the handkerchief with an air of great
unconcern, utterly unconscious of the
crease. John, however, saw it as he
hastened past her up stairs. It was about
the only thing he did see, though; for
Minnie’s coolness nearly scared him out
of his senses, despite his brave resolu
tions.
That evening at the party, after the
usual games had been exhausted, some
one pr%)osed a new method of amuse
ment. The young gentlemen were all to
leave the room; then each young lady
was to place something upon the table,
taking care that it should be nothing by
which she could be recognized then the
young ladies were to leave the room, the
gentlemen to return, and each select an
article and place a note beside it; and
when the girls came back, each was to
read her note aloud.
This plan, which promised considera
ble fun, was received with great accla
mation and was quickly carried out.
When they came to the selection of the
INDEPENDENT STATESMAN.
articles, John’s eye fell on a handker
chief with a crease in it. His resolution
was soon taken, and his note soon writ
ten. Ican’t tell you what he said, ex
cept that if she accepted his escort home
that night, she also accepted his special
care and protection as long as she lived.
By some mistake, Minnie’s note was
omitted in the reading; but her brother
Henry, who had waited upon her there,
walked home alone, and got there a long
time first.
The last time I saw Minnie, the note
and the handkerchief, with the veritable
crease still in it, were amongst her cher
ished treasures, although she has been
married many years now, and is quite
an old woman. A,
LANGUAGE oF Brutes. It may Le hard
to prove just how it is that the parrot
sometimes uses so appropriately the
words it has learned. Ina book pub
lished not long ago containing many an
ecdotes of animal sagacity, we find one
of a parrot which expressed itself with
considerable pertinence in one instance,
though we are not informed whether it
ever talked so much to the point on any
other occasion. ‘‘A parrot belonging to
some friends of mine,” says the writer,
and he vouches for the accuracy of the
story, was generally taken out of the
voom when the family assembled for
prayers, lest he might take it into his
head to join irreverently in the respon
ses. One evening, however, his presence
happened to be unnoticed, and he was
forgotten. For some time he maintained
a decorous silence butat length, instead
of ‘Amen,’ out he came with ‘Cheer
boys! cheer!” On this, the butler was
directed to remove him, and had got as
far as the door with him, when the bird,
perhaps thinking he had.committed him
self, and had betterapologize, called out,
Sorry I spoke.’ ”—old and New.
SEVERE, BUT JusT. A fire in Sarato
ga, N. Y., the other day, destroyed prop
erty on which there was an insurance of
$2,500. The owner tripped lightly into
the office where his policy was drawn,
and producing the document, said™ he
guessed he would take that money. The
agent looked at it, expectorated a quan
tity of tobacco juice on the caller’s boot,
and then exclaimed: Why in thunder
don’t you read the papers? 1 gave no
tice a fortnight since in the public press
that the company went down—flat bust
ed—when Chicago went up. Had you
read newspapers, vou could have renewed
your policy in a company that had n’t ex
ploded, and been-so mueh in. As it is,
you are so much out.”
SUNDAY AMUSEMENT. The Gilroy, Cal.,
Telegram thus describes a recent Sun
day entertainment in San Juan: The
bear was confined in a large cage, and
after considerable work the Mexicans
managed to fasten one of bis fore paws
and one hind one with chains, and then
Bruin was taken out of the cage, and the
bull brought into the corral where the
sports were held. The first round’ con
sisted of the bull making a rush at the
bear and kuocking him over; bear gets
up, seizes bull by the fore leg and chews
the flesh off it, making Taurus howlwith
pain; the bear was pulled off by the Mex
icans by means of a lariat. The second
and third rounds were both in favor of
the bear, who took the bull literally by
the horns and endeavored to eat him up,
commencing at the head. The fourth
and last round, the bear seized the bull
by the tail and pulled him down, the
bear under, who tried to complete his
victory by eating from the other end,
when they were again separated. Both
the combatants seemed to have had
enough, as no amount of red flannel
could aggravate the bull, and poking
with sharp sticks failed to excite the
bear, so the fight ended, the bull being
led out of the arena literary streaming
with blood.”
Livine By RuLe. Living by rule, as
a Medo-Persian law inflexible, is very
unwise, especially if a person is in rea
sonable health. Man is not a machine
that must be turned in a certain direc
tion, or it will be destroyed; nor like a
locomotive, which must run on one fixed
track, or not run at all. The Architect
of all work made us for acting under a
great variety of circumstances, and in
infinite wisdom and benevolence has
given to man a mechanism of wonderfal
adaptability, by which he canlive health
fully on land or sea; in the valley or on
the mountain; in the tropics or at the
poles; on the barren rocks or in the rich
savannas. Our modes of life must be
adapted to our ages, our occupations,
and the peculiarities of our'constitutions.
There are certain general principles
which are applicable to all. Every man
should be regular in his habits of eating
should have all the sound sleep which
nature will take; should be in the open
air an hour or two every day when prac
ticable,and shouldhave a pleasurable and
encouraging, remunerative occupation;
and they are the happiest who are in the
last category. At the same time, if a
man accustoms himself to go to bed at
nine o'clock, he need not break his neck,
or get into a stew, if circumstances oc
cur to keep him up an hour or two later
now and then; and so with eating, exer
cise, and many other things. No one
ought to make himself a galley-slave to
any observance; occasional deviations
from all habits are actually beneficial.
AEROLITES. A new theory of the ovi
gin of aerolites has been broached by M.
Meunier, a Parisian savant, who occu
pied his time during the siege in elabor
ating an ingenious hypothesis. Meteor
ites, he reasons, are minerals of definite
chemical composition. The only solid
planets we know of are within the cir
cle of the asteroids, including the little
planets themselves for Jupiter and Sat
urn are probably in a nearly liquid con
dition, while Uranus and Neptune have
only a gaseous consistency. Therefore,
aerolites must be found within this cir
cle. Moreover, their chemical composi
tion gives proof that they are fragments
of a planet which has ceased to exist.
M. Meunier, therefore, creates a hypo
thetic satellite, and christens it Geologia.
Thousands and thousands of ages ago, he
thinks, a second moon revolved about
the earth, lending an additional beauty
to terrestrial nights. But its day of
doom came long before our time, and
some great concussion dashed it into
myriad fragments. Ever since, these
fragments have whirled about us in
ceaseless revolution without our being
conscious of their existence. Oeccasion
ally a big rock gets loose and falls to the
earth, and we collect the strange speci
mens as curiosities, and deposit them in
our museums. This theory is as good
as any of its predecessors in explaining
the origin of meteorites, besides being
more poetical, for imagination cannot
fail to draw a pleasing picture of the
primeval earth when two moons were
serencly shining amid the starry glow of
its evening sky.
A Cough, Cold or Sore Throat
s i LA
ONGH'CAQL
G
Requires immediate attention, as
neglect often results in an incurable
’Lung Disease,
ißrown’s Bronchial Troches
will almost invariably give mstant
ERi DAI R gl
relief. For BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, CATARRH,CON
SUMPTIVE and THROAT DISEASES, they Lave a
soothing eflect.
SINGERS and PUBLIC SPEAKERS use them
to clear and strengthen the voice.
Owing to the good reputation and popularity o
the Troches, many worthless and cheap imitations
areofered, which are good for nothing. Be sureto
OBTAIN the true
BROWN'S BRONCHIAL TROCHES,
SOLD EVERYWHERE.
Twenty-Eight Years of Practice
in the treatment of Diseases incident to Females,
has placed Dr. Dow at the head of all physicians
making such practice a speciality, and enables him
to guarantee a speedy and permanent cure in the
worst cases of Suppression and all other Menstrual
Derangements from whatever cause. All letters
for advice must contain sl. Office, N 0.9 Expicort
ST., BOSTON.
N. B. Board furnished to those desiringto remain
under treatment.
Boston, July, 1871. wiy
Four Evils. Whoeverhabitually uses anyalcoho-
lic preparation as an appetizer” will he likely
to suffer from four evils, viz: an o\'er‘illns of food
in the stomach, impaired ability to digest it, the
pangs of dyspepsia. and a doctor’s bill. DR. WALK
ER'S VEGETABLE VINEGAR BITTERS, the great
Teetotal Restorative of the age, without over stim
ulating the palate or irritating the stomach, imparts
a healthful appetite, promotes :li;i'estiou, regulates
the liver and bowels, purities the blood, and thus,
instead of entailing four evils, confers four inesti
mable benetits. 4ws
Rl RISI il iy
The Revised and Enlarged Edition
OF THE
MEDICAL ADVISER Axp GUIDE TO HEALTH.
573 pages, 12mo, price $2.
Isnow ready for delivery. Subscribers will receive
their copies by express. For sale at the MORRILL
MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 3 Bulfinch st., Boston, Mass.
It will besentto any addresson receipt of price. 17t
BATCHELOR'S HAXR DYE.
This superb Hair Dyeis the best in the world—per
fectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous; no dis
appointment; no ridiculous tints or disagreeable
odor. The genuine Win. A. Batchelor’s Hair Dye
produces INMEDIATELY a splendid Black or Natural
Brown, leaves the hair colean, sort, beautirul does
not contain a garticle of lead or any injurious eom
pound. Sold by all Druggists. Faetory, 16 BOND
STREET, New-York. wly.
Es you Have the Byspepsia,
HEADACHE, Dizziness, Costiveness, Piles, Oppres
sion after eating, Sour Rising, or any Indegestion
or Biliousness, if you do not thank us after useing
DR. HARRISON’S PERISTALTIC LOZENGES,
we will forfeit the price of the box. Also, war
ranted to cure every kind of PILES. For sale at
No.l Tremont Temple, Boston, by E. A. HARRI
SON Co., Proprietors, and by all Druggists. Mail
ed for 60 cents,
AV
Heto Adbertrsements,
THE BAXTER STEAM ENGINE,
MANUFACTURED BY
COLT’S FIRE-ARMS
Manufacturing Company,
HARTFORD, CONN.
RN ::z
e
=S
Y
oo\ eO i B 2
o Y il
Zhie L AR
DA _\r I’9 e
i P

i SRR e e |1
A w!.«;WHUW}M hhl "'li-ﬁi' mﬂ i
et R
i R IR F
Ln it Wl\ I]i!':&[’!lg.tzﬂyl‘ﬁ "’F, il
G e
T
i oy
R
A {‘i‘,f?‘ll‘ l‘ M.}dlth it é!lliu;l,ﬂl,.f.;
AN e A
S i lli‘;iﬂi’slll""
-M,‘x‘\ M
=JI ilw T o l-doga
ol
=S T L 8
Sl e g T

For Shoe Factories, Printing Establish
ments, Machine Shops,
Or the thousand and one places requiring a com
})lete, compact, simple, safe and economical power,
t has no equal in the world. No extra insurance
to pay. No danger from explosion. No experiment,
but a self-contained STEAM ENGINE in all its
parts, well tried and proved. Over one hundred of
them in use.
Sizes, 2,3, 5, 8 and 10 Horse Power. Fully Guaranteed.
For circular and price-list, address
THE BAXTER STEAM ENGINE COMPANY,
18 PARK PLACE, NEW YORK, OR
TRIPP, EDDY CO., AGENTS,
92 AND 4 MILK STREET, BOSTON, MASS,
We have one of the above named Engines
running our Presses, and Heating our Building
with Steam. Come and see it.—PUB. STATESMAN
AND MONITOR.
Nov. 13, 1871. dawsm
PERKINS HOUSE'S
Non-Explosive
Yy N
KEROSENE LAMP.
Charles T. Jackson, M. I, of Boston, Massachu
setts, State Assayer, who, in some of his experi
ments with the Lamp, had the oil boiling hot, says
of this lamp: ‘I find it to be free from all danger
of explosion, when exposed to the severest proofs.
Ican not fail to recommend it as the safest kerosene
lamP I'have ever met with. Its general introduction,
in place of the unsafe glass lamps now in use, will
not only save much property from fires but also
greatly diminish, if not wholly prevent, those fear
ful accidents from explosions which have so eften
proved fatal to life.”
Rev. H. M. Stone, Pastor of Congregational
Church, Rochester, N. H., says: Having used
Perkins House’s Metallic Non-Explosive Lamp
nearly a year, I so much admire its clear, steady
hight, freedom from all offensive odor, entire safety
from explosions and dreadful burns, and its real
economy, withal, that I have just bought two more
of the same. I hereby commend its use to all who
seek light, safety and economy.”
The public areinvited to examine this Lamp. Do
not use an unsafe Glass Lamp in gmr house, when
you can get an absolute Safety amdp. that will
not explode, that will not give off bad odor, that
will not break, that will give a light equal to
two other lamps.
Lamps for the Kitchen, Parlor, Study, for
Churches, Public Halls, Factories, &c., &c., for
sale by ALLEN FOLGER,
Agent for the Manufacturers.
Durgin’s Block, next door west of Post-Oflice,
CONCORID, N. H.
Canvassers wanted in every town in United States.
Concord, Oct. 6,1871. w3mil#*
FOR SALE.
For sale one mile from State House, in Concord,
a Two-story house with ell, stable, carriage house,
and four acres of land under good state of cultiva.
tion. There is on the premises 250 fruit trees, con
sisting of apple, (fear, yieach, plum, and cherry, 40
grape vines, %oo supply of currents, goosberries,
raspberries, blackberries, and strawimn‘les, with
gowers, shrubbery and ornamental trees. Price
3500,
Houses for sale in (})%erent parts of the city, vas
rying in Price from SIOOO to $12,000,
Desirable House Lots for sale.
Several farms for sale within limits of the city}
and in different parts of the State; wood and tim
ber lots, Intervale land, Plain land, Village Proper
ty, Mills, Hotels, and Westem lands for sale and
exchnnge. Houses and Farms to rent. Loans ne
otiated on Real Estate Security by J.B, RAND
f{enl Estate Broker, Exchange Building,
Concord, Jan, 7, 1871, d&wtf
FISK HATCH,
BANKERS,
And Dealers in Government Securities,
NO. 5. NASSAU STREET,
NEW YORK, November 20, 11871.
The successful and rapid negetiation of nearly
three-fourths of the FIFTEEN MILLION LOAN
OF THE CHESAPEAKE ANDOHIO RAILROAD
COMPANY, and the energetic prosecution of the
work of extension and preparation of the Read for
an extensive mineral, agricultural, and through
traflic, have placed the financial affairs and re
sourees of the Company upon such a basis that we
are directed to advance the price for future sales of
the Bonds, as explained in the following letter of
Mr. HUNTINGTON, President of the Company
OFFICE CHESAPEAKE OHIO RAILROAD CoO.,
54 William street, New York,
November 18, 1871,
Messrs, FISK HATCH,
Bankers and Financial Agents C. O. R. R. Ceo.:
Gentlemen
The Western Division of the Chesapeake and
Ohio Railroad, compriuin;irthc 95 miles between
Huntington, on the Ohio River, and the mouth ot
New River (above the Falls ot Kanawha), is now
substantially completed, and will, in a few days,
be ready to do the immense coal and other business
that is awaiting its completion. The Eastern Di
vision, comprising 227 miles between White Sulphur
Springs and Richmond, is now in complete order
and successtul oneration. The grading and mason
ﬁv on eleven of the 102 miles, between the mouth of
ew River and White Sulphur Springs, is com
plete, and the work on the remaining E)lgmiles is so
far advanced that track-laying will be commenced
on this portion of the road in May next, and con
tinue without interruption until the whole line is
completed.
In view of these facts, you are hereby directed to
make no further sales of the Bonds of said Com
pany at a less price than 94 and acerued interest, at
which price you will continue to sell until further
orders. Very respectfully yours,
C. P. HUNTINGTON, President.
In compliance with the foregoing instructions,
the price of the Bonds, from this date, until further
orders, will be ®4 and accrued interest.
The scarcity of, and demand for, really esir
able Six Per Cent. Gold Bondas, for solid
and permanent investments, is evinced by the facts
that
Five-Twenty Bouds ol 1367 are selling at........ 115
Central Pacific Bonds are selling at.............. 103
Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds are selling at...... 94
These Bonds all pay both principal and interest
in New York city, inU. 8. gold coin,and areequally
safe for investment.
The reason why FIVE-TWENTY BONDS are so
high is because no more can be issued, and the
outstanding amount is being rapidly decreased by
purchases by the Government from their surplus
revenues.
The reason why we think CENTRAL PACIFIC
Boxps will in time advance to the price of Five-
Twenties, is because no more can be issued; while
the operation of their Sinking Fund will soon com
mence to decrease,the amount.
The reason why CHESAPEAKE AND Ouro BoNDS
l are selling so_low, comparatively, while equally
safe, is because the Company are selling Bonds to
complete the road. They will all be sold;in a short
time, and in a few months the road will be finished,
when we have no doubt the same resnlt will follow
as with Flve-TWENTY ‘and CENTRAL PAcCIFIC
BoNps. The Binking Fund of the Chesapeake and
Ohio maust go into eflect within one year after the
completion of the road.
The Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds are is
sued either eoupon or registered. The denomina
tions are as follows:
SIOO, which costtoday....cooivvvai e HOR. 13
SSOO, which cost to-Aay......ccoiiene... 21L36G
SI,OOO, which costto-day...............043.12
Orders for Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds may be
sent through any National Bank or Banker; or, ac
companied with Drafts or Checks, may be forward
ed to us by mail. Bonds or money may be forward
ed by any responsible Express Company at our
expense, and the Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds, in
exchange, will be sent by return Express, charges
paid.
We buy and sell Government and CENTRAL PA
CI¥IC BoNDs, and receive them in exchange for
CHESAPEAKE AND OHTIO BONDS.
Accounts of banks, bankers, and others, received,
on which we allow interest at the rate of four per cent
per annum. A
FISK HATCH, Financial Agents.
HARVEY FISK. A.S. HATCH.
Nov. 9,1871. h 2meod&Sßtw
BUY TEHE BEST.
If you wish to obtain the LATEST IMPROVEMENT
in clothes-wringers, get the

Improved Universal Wringer
f Bl
e, ey
i J
LBROWELS PAT: DOODLE ERR i
o:me3OveOTNIVERSAT whinc s R
"?'a S S g
e uh A
S O 5Ly
go.\’\- oopD, cE"'Ac |y
7T WATER ST. BosToN o/

g ISR Sy
With Rubber between the Springs.
It runs easier and wrings drier than any wringer
ever made.
‘“The Universalis the Best.”—dm. Agriculiurist.
Sold by the trade generally, and by
GEO. H. HOO®D, General Agent,
97 Water street, Boston.
Wringers of all kinds Repaired.
Oct, 13, 1871. wiw2
A



33k JAPANESE TROCHES.
ACURE FOR WORMS.
DOSE :—A Troche morning and night.
TIIEY are “A Highly Potentized Medicine,” and
must be used only as directed.
PIN-WORM—ROUND-WORM—LONG THREAD-WOR2I,
There is more orless fever,fretfulness,restlessness,
or starting and screaming out in sleep, as if from
fright; swelling and hardness of the abdomen;
voracious and variable appetite, fur’l tonzue, dis
agreeable taste, fetid breath; flow of saliva; vom
iting, choking; grinding of the teeth, and disturbed
sleep; swelling of the upper lip circle above, and
twichings of the eyelids; itching at anus and nos
trils; bleeding at the nose; vertigo and headache;
perverted vision, and partial deafness.
Pro¥. B. L. HiLL, of W. H. College, Cincinnati,
says of this medicine to destroy worms: ‘“1 have
treated many hundreds of cases, with such invari
able success, that I feel disinclined to use or rec
ommend any other other. It brings away the worms
entire, and relieves the patient of all morbid
symptoms immediately, or in much less time than
any other remedy of which I have any knowledge.”
GEo. B. WOOD, M. D., PROF. of Medicine, ene of
the authors of the U. S. DISPENSATORY, ETC.,
writes, in regard to this medicine, that it is insolu
ble in the stomach, but becomes lmrtially changed
when it reaches the bile in the duodenum, passes
into the small intestines and poisons the worms.
In regard to its effects upon the system he says it
‘“is innocent in any quantity in which it is likely to
be administered.”
E. W, ABBOTT, M. D.,
SOLE PROPRIETOR OF
JAPANESE REMEDIES,
MAXILED, FOR FIFTY CENTS,
Concord, Nov, 4, 1871, dawtf
NicE DWELLING HOUSE
~AND—
JLAND FOR SALE!
TIIE SUBSCRIBER offers for sale his Dwelling
House on State street, now occupied by himself.
It is anice Brick House with Ell, and connected
with it is an excellent Barn and Stable. The Lot
contains about 52 square rods of land. It is one of
the most eligible situations in the city of Concord,
and is only two or three minutes’ walk frem the
Post Office. Terms easy, and possession given im
mediately.
Also, one of the most desirable BUILDING LOTS
in the city, containing over three acres of land. On
the premises are a Slnu‘;hter House and other build
ings, which will be sold with the lot.
R. G, WYMAN.
Concord, Sept, 1,1871. daw2ltf
MATTRESSES,
PILLOWS,
PEW-CUSHIONS,
Car and Carriage Cushions.
Sponge by the Bale or Pound.
We invite the public to call and examine our
Elastic Sponge” Goods, which we are now selling
in large quantities, and which are giving great sat
isfaction.
Spenge makes a softer Mattress than Hair, and
will hold its elasticity much longer. For Cushion
ing Churches, Halls, Theat:es, Steam and Horse
Cars, it will be found the best article in use, and is
warranted proof against moths. 5
We sheuld be pleased to send Circular of refer
ence to any who desire,
HALEY, MORSE CO.°
SOLE AGENTS FOR N. E. STATES,
411 Washington Stireet, Boston, Mass.
Nov. 3, 1871. dawtws
PESEEEL S secdl SRI TSI A ee et
CHEAP FARMS! FREE HOMES!
ON THE LINE OF THE
Union Pacific Railroad.
A LAND GRANT OF
12,000,000 ACRES
OF THE BEST
Farming and Mineral Lands in America.
3,000,000 Acres of Choice Farming and Grazing
Lands on the line of the road, in the
State of NWebraslza,
In the Great Platte Valley, now for sale, for cash
or leng credit. These lands are in a mild snd
healthy climate, and for grain-growing and stock
raising, unsurpassed by any in the United States.
Prices range from $2 to $lO per Acre.
HOMESTEADS FOR A CTUAL SETTLERS.—2,SOO,OOO
Acres of Government Land between Omaha and
North Platte, open for entry as Homesteads only.
SOLDIERS IN THE LATE WAR
Are entitled to a Free Homestead of 160 Acres,
within Railroad limits, equal to a
DIRECY BOUNTY OF S4OO.
Send for the new edition of deseriptive pamphlet,
with new maps, mailed free e\'crywhere.
Address, O. DAVIS, Land Commissioner
U.P. R, R, Co., Omaha, Neb.
Sept. 4, 1871. dlawaw3m
e e e e s e
9, 1
Holloway's Pills and Holloway's Ointment,
Gives Buoyancy to the Bod{. Clearness to the
Brain, and a Brilliant Complexion.
HOLLOWAY'S PILLS consist of a careful and pecu
liar admixture of the tinest Vegetlble Extracts,
Herbs, and Medicinal Gums. ossessing not
grain of mineral in their combination, they mever
expose those who use them to anly danger,” at any
time or season. No mother need hesitate to pre
scribe them to her childven, and the most delicate
_constitutions can use them with as great a benefit
as the most vigorous and powerful frame.
HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT!
Is the concentrated extract of healing Balsams and
rare European Gums. It is penetrating, soothing,
and healing in its nature; and the pores of the
skin absorb it (when weli rnbbed in) az greedily as
water is taken us) by a sponge. It is a wonderful
cosmetique for the skin, and the use of a small
quantity applied to the face at night will impart a
clear and
PEARL-LIKE COMPLEXION'
equalled only by that of the infant.
Holloway’s Pills and Ointment
Cure the following diseases: Dyspepsia, Lassi
tude, Fever and Ague, Skin Diseases, Pimples,
Ring Worms, Piles and Fistula, Billious Fever,
Swellings, Sore Throat, Quinsey, Worms, Swelling
of the Joints, Scrotula, Liver Complaints, Wounds,
Sores, Burns an4d Scalds, Salt Rheum, Gravel, and
all disorders ot the Liver, Stomach, and Kidueys.
NEW YORK CHEMICAL COMPANY,
Maiden Lane, New York,
Holloway’s Pills and Ointment are sold at 25
cents, 62} cents, and $1 a box or pot. A great sav
ing is made by buying the lar%e size.
For sale b% druggists fenera ly. DANFORTH
INGALLS, Concord, Sole Agents for N. H.
Dec. 4, 1871. wly-19
DR. TOPLIFFS
r o 8
Syrup of Tar!
THIS FAVORITE
New-England Cough Remedy
CURES COUGHS, COLBDS, CROUP,
BRONCHITIS, ASTHNMNA. SPETTING
OF BLOOD, AND CONSUMPTION.
Nevre known to fail when taken according to Direc
tions.
Pleasant and agreeable to take. The safest snd
be]sL remedy extaunt for Croup, giving almostinstant
relief.
RECOMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS.
Read the following extract from the Boston Daily
Journal of Sept. 12: Family Physicians prescribe
Dr. T plift’s Syrup of Tar in preference to other
remedies for throat, lung, and bronchial affections,
incipient consumption, diphtheria, influenza, crouy:,
hoarseness, and irritation. For removing these
diseases, its equal cannot be met with in the science
of medicine.”
AMESBURY, MASS,
1 have used Dr. Toplifi’s Sprup of Tar in my prae
tice for the last three years, and consider it a medi
cine of great value in all throst and lung diseases.
H. G. LESLIE, M. D.
DR. TOPLIFF’S SYRUP OF TAR is sold by all
Druggists, or sent to any part of the country, secure
]ﬂpavked, on receipt of the price, One Bollar a
ottle, by the proprietor.
WHOLESALE AGENTS.
George C. Goodwin Co., Burr Co., Rust Bros.
Bird, Weeks Potter, Boston, Mass. W. F.
Philips Co. Portland, Maine. Henry Co., Bur
lington, Vemmont.
Circulars eontaining Testimonials sent free to aM
on application to the porprietor.
Dr, C. C. Toplift,
FISHERVILLE, N. M.
Oct. 12, 1871. watf
NOW IS YOUR TIME!
Tj] REE GOOD FARMS worth from $5600 to $lO,-
000, The LaPierre Hotel Denton, furnished
throughout with all modern conveniences, worth
$25,000. Cash gifts from 230 to $3,000, Houses, 200
Sewing Machines, Orgauns, Melodeons, Pianos,
Watches, Washing Machines, Wringers, Standard
Books, Works of Art, 50,000 gifts in all worth SIOO,-
00. Given away by a drawing, under the control
of the oflicers of Caroline county, Md., to all pur
chasers of either of these new Steel KEngravings,
(each of them a gem of art, worth $5.00 each)
LURLEY, THE DISENHERITED, THE CHILD
CHRIST, GEN. STONEWALIL JACKSON, by the
‘Caroline County Land Association of Denton, Md.
Either of the Engravings sold for $2 and a ticket
for the above drawing given free. The Association
refers to Speaker of the Delaware Senate, the
Clerks of both Houses of the Delaware Legislature,
the leading men, the Banks and the Newspapers in
the Delaware Peninsula.
For Agencies, Engravings, Tickets &e., apply to
the General Agent, C. M. JONES, Wilmington, Del,
Feb. 16, 1871, iv
,»f‘ﬂ“'ﬁ) Prairie Weed
K A\
\\(f.'\i‘ BALM,
Ve For Inhalation.
The method of treating Diseases of the Lungs,
Asthma, Catarrh and all tubercular affections, liy
Inhalation, is an acknowledged success. By inhaling
the vapor from the Balm, every cell oralveole of the
ulngs, and every bronchial tubeisreached; the lungs
are expanded, and the healing qualities of the weed
are brought into direct action upon the diseased
organs,
'fhe weed from which this Balm is made was die
covered by a well known professional gentleman of
'Boston, upon the prairies in the great valley of the
Mississippi, through the instinet of horses afflicted
with the heaves, and is therefore strictly a great
Natural Remedy. He cured himselfof consumption
when pronounced incurable by the best physicians in
Boston, and new, after fifteen years of nearly unin
etrrupted health, confidently recommendsit’ to the
‘mblio. ‘When used in connection with the Prairie
Voed Balsam it has proved itselfan unfailing remedy
for allconsumptive dli)mcultien. Send for circular.
Price; $1.50, including Inhaler.
WEEKS POTTER, General Agenta.
170 WABHINGTON STREET,
Mirrox AvusTiy, Prop’ l4eop Boron, Maes.
“rucn FREE to Agents to introduce articles
that sell in every house. LATTA CO,, Pitta
burgh, Penn. 4ws
79