jfj.j: vw
T ffti.r"!'. T nt-"
tfESSES
s-r-r-:-&i
T-
-t-?
rs
Tfjyr TKA vmNWORTii HflWLLI iiiP':uiBBiiaituvJKiai pjlpm. f
j
Ess.
fC
ft.-
S
E&
SS-
S&


i ft
f
J
SVX
V
1
L i
t&r
r

hf
t
JO

S&.
'Jiff
rJ

ii5-
Zi2 f
jy
x&
i- i r.

i
J i-s
V
KS-
i?
S--T
X5-

tp
B-
Pii 3"-
&JH.V
fytf
PSL
IW'v

r-S,-
-iL1
tS"
lr-fr
Sj
Siss-, p
m
Eli!
iMft"
i?-
f.'
r5gV-

Jl-f. i
Jf&r
oiccME iww
ThTJBSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1871.
MG2C IT. II. C.
Here' a chance for Horace Greeley-to go
OB Tweed' bail bond He went; after J. P.
because J. D. r a miserable sinner; but
Tweed m a mnch wickeder man. He can
jrive J. D. fifty, and best him every lin.r.
Therefore, let him be remembered.
BT. Ml'lM AXB THE KANT.
Toe financial editor of the St. Louis Dem
ocrat of the 27th intU, says: "We have rea
son lo believe that very soon a movement
will be made in this city for the inauguration
of a line of railway to all important eastward
point, wnicb abaU insure to St. Louis an
adequate nervice by rail at a minimum rate
of freight."
THE EVwEsC'eT
The Toronto Blade say, on the occasion
of a recent shower there, that a peculiar nil
Hngnsss to lie drenched seemed to characterize
sBany of the pedestrian., so earnest was the
universal desire lor rain. A clergyman
among the crowd, muddy and wet, fairly
smiled aloud, as though he were glad to
carry the evidences of the answering of his
prayer. Li
THE UK ATI! EX CHISEK.
The log Angeloa fOaU rioters who so
ruthlessly slaughtered a Chine- colony in
that town are receiving mic.Ii punishment for
their crime as the better claw of the com
munity are able to iullict. Eight of them
have leeii arrot'ed, but they will not prob
ably mffer anything won tliaii arrest until
John Chinaman hold a ballot in his hand
and is entitled to testify against a white man
in the Courts.
TUi: OLD I.MiABITASTN.
The settlers in Arizona liave jietitioned
the President to leave Gen. Cook untram
melled in bis plan of maintaining jieace and
order out there by any interference of i-tig-getttons
of the l'eace Commissions. These
old settler? are deejay interested in this m.it
tr, and, having ecn toft wordj and kird
treatment tried to frequently and unsucceM!
fally, they want a fair and unbiased Itijl
given over to more mmmary measures.
A E MOVCHEXT.
The question of a uniform divorce law
throughout the United States ii to be agitated
by the anli-euflrage women in Washington.
They think there is room for a sixteenth
smenilment in the regulation of the divbrte
Uws of the various States to one standard,
under which it will not be jtossible for a
2few Yorker to smuggle himself out of mar
ried life into single-blessednctts through the
lax regulations of Indiana.
THE TUKEATEXEB 1IEOIBA.
The Mormons threaten to make anothtr
Kodus in case the prortecutions against them
for polygamy are prewed by the Gentile
Courts. Thevuestion arises, where would
the next Mormon rest be? Utah is as isolated
as any spot between the Atlantic and Pacific,
aad the Saints would be comjiclled to flee to
the islands of the Pacific. That would be the
best possible move they could make, and it U
hoped they will put a big sheet of water be
tween themselves andlheGentilts, unlex.- the
Mormon enigma can be solved in some other
way.
A!t CBPBUVBICEU MTATEHEST.
The Ku-Klux suppression movement, says
a cotempory, in South Carolina, according
to the local pajiers of that State, differs very
materially from the reports of it published
under glaring headlines in the Democratic
papers of the country. The widespread com
motion that lias been occasioned, is almost
entirely anions the lawless fraternity, and
the hundreds that have fled the State or are
hiding in its inonrtain-, are thoe who either
were engaged in Ku-Klux raid, or were
privy to them. The government lias dctcr
aained to put an end to the disorders, and to
araah out the insurrectionary klan, utterly
and finally. To this end it will use, if ncc-
eamry, extreme measures. If some wrong
and injustice shall grow out of thegoern-
menl'e proceeding, as is almost inevitable,
the people will have the klans alone to blame
for it. The foolish attempts at secrecy have
unfortunately and- perplexingly involved
alike the innocent and guilty.
THE V1VIE MEBVICE BEFOBB.
The civil service commissioner) hope to be
able to Isy before the President during the
present week an outline of the rules and rcg'
illations by which they projiose to reform
the civil service of the government. The
four leading principle of their scheme may
be briefly stated to be, first, admission to the
civil service at the lowest lioint, with com
petitive examination at every grade; second,
probation; third, promotion; fourth, no fixed
tenure, the power of removal being left prac
tically undisturbed, and the advantages of
flexibility and direct responsibility which are
dauaed for the present system retained,
Very much still remains .'or the commission
to do in the perfection of details and organi
zation of the new moJs of appointment and
twice which they hope to introduce, but
they have substantially agreed on the above
fundamental doctrines, which, firmly estab
lished, will go far to mark out the work of
the future. It is not intended to include all
of the government offices without dis
criniination in this revised system, but the
great macs of the patronage and office, which
bow forms so prolific a source of evil and
corruption will be entirely within the field Of
its operation.
WHAT THET THMK BF US.
In hk able speech at the recent Kepublican
liflnT in Kew York, the Hon. William
Erarta, referring to the corruption of the city
r.TRtimrnL sooke as follows: "I know what
I apeak. I know that all through Europe
there k iatenser solicitude on the part of the
rnsnmnn people of that whole continent that
this defilement, this pollution, this infamy
shall be shown to have been from the negli
geaee of the American people, and that
discovered it can no longer tie main-
If you could only know with what
friends, perhaps honest friends, at any
rata the interested friends of despotic govern
ameat, look at the same problem which is
mew proceeding before their eyes, claiming
aad bopisc that their theory of government,
that the Strang arm is necessary, and that
illusion, will find in the result of
you would see then bow both
of the continent of Europe in opinion
.an dwelling upon this election to determine
or no your country my country
v4 b feVe hope of freedom, or is the danger to
jjye -liberty that they ninst avoid."
THE BWBCBPAt CBSVESTIBSf.
As we predicted last week, says the New
York Herald in an unfriendly article which
w herewith publish as follows for the con
aiaeration of oar readers: the Triennial Con
tention has taken what is practically a mid
dU eawrse on the crocial question of Eitual-
J1' iaa. The pastoral letter of the Bishop's,
'Cf- -iBBiniopen session on inureuay aignr,
:?Jt .ssidy states th iolicy. While at the out-
vs)ctatB)akesafemt of valianUy grappling
fBBBritBilistki liiaVl i andthe doctrines
'tBVasWBHBsaaaaWHpreas,
V 5i rt-jCW CiBBBBHar VT.'
v
it soon wanders
andcoacil-
iasBg-it attacks wkh vigor
tsBBBBBBBBBBV'BBawOBlise
NbSbbbbbbbbH
'JltHggBBBWni'Mav necaasetliBteroM-
5.. jaaYfjii TtigBi i j
X -'.awssssBtfBHW followers of
iv -?ZBBsBBsBBsBBMatk)si,'of aach a
SET"--SiaBBBBaBawF "i"
i i:-.i. i :u kii r,f Kro fi nnnn an axoucu. iw i. tig- i
deals with "high iews" aboat ,ra""'b8'n-
nation i far more uncertain in tone.
For
instance, what can Le more conciliatory than
this passage:
nv, mnm thl the sniritual nrecnce of our
dear Lord in the holy communion lor the
nurture of the faithful is such a presence as
allows worship to him thus and there pres
ent is, to sav the very least, to be wise above
that which 'is written in God's Holy word.
For the objects of thiaholy sacrament, as
therein revealed, are first, the memorial b
foreGodoftheoneMcrifiTe of sins lorever;
and secondly, the strengthening and refresh
ing of the souls of the faithful. Moreover,
no one can fail to see that it is impossible for
I he common mind to draw the line between
the worship of such an undefined and mys
terious presence, ana tneawiui error ui .n-
ingine eieuieum
i i i I
This policy, however, though clearly oj.cn
to charges of cowawdice and trimming, has
at least the advantage of keeping the Church
united
A 1 KKRIBLE SCESE.
A BfMlsM Hankasd MmIi IlliuM-ir
at the Beat Bed srHln ire.
From the 'JUuajUlf Couriir.J
The citizens of this community were great
ly snoikfd at an early hour yesterday eien
ing by the intelligence of the death of Ch i.
II. Durban and wire, which had jusl laken
place at the residence of Judge Evans, in
the Sixth Ward, under the most painful cir
cumstances the one dying from the tfiVcts
of a pistol ball in his bead, fired by his own
hand, while tne wife lay dying in the same
room, of consumption, and expiring ten
minutes after her husband had gone into
eternity. That our citizens were startled by
the announcement of so tragic an occurrence
would but faintly express Hie feeling ol
saJne-u and horror at the event, anil of
the sympathy for the jiarents, relatives, and
friend of the deceased. The circumstances
of this painful occurrence, as near as we tin
gather them areas follows:
Mr. Charles II. Durban, son of our well
known citier, Thomas Durliau, Esq a
young man about 'i years of age, a jirjclic
ing attorney, office in the Athenaeum build
ing, was mairied last spring to Miss Lucy
Seaman. After marriage, owing to the foil
ing health of Mrs. Durban, they resided at
Judge Evans'. The disease with which she
was afflicted was that of consumption of the
luns. Mr. Durban, from the testimony of
all, was1 the most devoted ol Iitubinus, kind
generous, and noble-hearted. Dr. Hall was-the-
attending uhycician of Mrs. Durlun
during her illness. She continued to grow
worse, and as the jirospect of her noivtry
faded away Mr. Durban grew sad and
gloomy. Dr. Ball visited Mrs. Durban yes
terday morning, and found that she could
not longurvive,a few days at the most. In
the evening he was sent for again, ami ar
rived at the bnWide of the suflerer at ten
minutes before G o'clock. Mrs. Durlun
wished to take some medicine, morphine and
chloroform, jirescribed by the doctor when
she wa restless and could not steeji. Her
husband asked the docter almut giving it,
and exressed himself as if fearing the
desire for the dative might increase. The
doctor rtquested him to give her the medi
cine, which he did, at the same time seeming
very nervous and excited. He walked nr
lially around the room with his hands in t'n
pockets and finally stopped at the foot of the
bed. The remedy did not seem to produce
relief, bhe was then breathing very bird
The doctor then gave her some valerianate
of ammonia. Mr Durban, still standing at
the foot of the bed, seemed to be suffering
intensely. He said to the physician, "Doc
tor, for God's sake, can't you give Lucy (his
wife) something to relieve her?" The doctor
told him to wait, tint the remeJy had not
had time to act. As the difficulty of breath
ing seemed to increase, the doctor told Mr.
Durban to bring somef unslaked lime, that
she might inhale it while being slaked. He
did so, and attempted to hold it to her face,
but seemed unable, from nervonsness. She
then took a severe fit of coughing, when the
doctor took his place, and Mr. Durban jum
cd to the foot of the bed, saying as he did o,
"Doctor, can't you do anything more for her:
she is dying The doctor found that she
would suffocate if her position in the bed was
not changed, and with the help of her mother
and Mrs. Evans was trying to change her K
sition, when a report rang out which filled
the room with the sound. The doctor, glanc
ing up, noticed Mr. Durban staggering, and
supposing that he might have accidently shot
himself, rushed to him and laid him on the
floor. He did not breathe, seemingly, after
the shot. His wife seemed fully conscious of
what had laken place; said she was sorry,
but couldn't cry. She tried to speak again,
but the words were not understood, when she
breathed her last, there being from five to
ten minutes in the time between their death'.
The ball took effect in the right temple, a
little above and back of the eye. In li'n
pocket was found a letter addressed to his
wife, saying that he could not live without
her, and if he died first that.be would meet
her in Paradise. There were letters also to
his parents, and a note requesting that no
coroner's inquest beheld upon his body; that
it was a matter between himself and bis God.
A Beaaaa-asae'a Appeal.
We wish we could more charitably charac
terise the address of Gen. Blair at Montgom
ery, which we publish this morning. He
depicts the Chicago disaster, the hundreds
of plunderers that flocked thither, and ihe
nation's benificence to the sufferers. Then
lie sketches the miseries of the South during
and in consequence of the war, and tells his
auditors that no such benificence was enlisted
by her unhappincus, while theroguesswarm
ed to rob her of the little left to her. This
stroke accomplished the speaker's object, by
capturing his hearers, to whom such a paral
lei implied everything they could wish in a
(olitical champion, and all the more so be
cause it ignored that the South herself caused
the war, that it cursed the whole land, that
the nation furnished the victims, that North
ern homes were desolated and Northern for
tunes wrecked in the struggle, and that the
nation's benificence was exerted both during
and after the war to assuage its horrors even
in the South. General Blair slanders his
countrymen and falsifies history to
win Southern approval. He then opposes,
as a politician who is a Southern favorite
should, the advice of Wade Hampton and
others, that the Southern Democrats ought
not to go into the National Democratic Con
vention, and his arguments herein are sound.
The South ought to go in. He again rrifcts
for himself the new departure, but is willing
to take all the votes it can bring. He prelen a
Kepublican nominee he says for his party,
but is against "the jassive policy." His
view is that the Democratic convention
should name the "Republican" and in this
does our Bliir show his usual cunning; for
onlv thus could such a candidate hope for
anything like an effective Democratic sujiport.
Next does the General wax magnanimous to
the citizens of foreign birth, predicting that
ther will cast some half a million of votes
for his nominee. Schurz commands the pro-
foucdest homage of Blair, and is pictured as
holding the German vote in the hollow of his
hand, to be given to tne vemocrauc candi
date. That immaculate personage proclaims
himself an incorruptible Kepublican, and
Blair embraces him an nuimpeachable
Democrat. louii Democrat.
m
psjcwoaaesut ar the Horthera Fire.
From Uie bmn Bay AdTocaU.
There are some phases of the great calamity
which fell upon this region last week worthy
of scientific investigation. The testimony of
the cooler headed survivors of the fires at
Pishthro. the Sugar Bush, and WiUiamson-
ville is united as lo one phenomena: They
say that the fire did not come upon them
mduallv from burning trees and other ob
jects to the windward, but list first notice
they had ol u was a wniriwwa oi name, in
great clouds, from aoove in tops oi we irem,
which fell uuon and enveloped everything.
The atmosphere seemed one of fire. The
poor people inhaled it, or the intensely hot
air, and fell down dead. This is verified by
the appearance ol many oi ine corpses, a ney
m found dead in the roads and open spaces,
where there were no visible marks of fire
nearby, with not a trace of burning upon
their bodies or clothing. At the Sugar Bush,
which ia an extended clearing, in some places
four miles in width, corpses were in the open
road, between fences which were only slightly
burned. No mark of fire was upon them,
but they laid there as if asleep. This phe
nomena seems to explain the fact that so
many were killed in compact masses. They
seemed to have huddled together in what
were evident I v regarded at the moment as 'lie
nfcst places, away front buildings, trees, or
LlkTiH""1"" BBhwjal, aad there to
have died together- Fences around cleared
fields ware burned ia ipots of only a lew rods
in length, aad Usswlww not touched, fista
filled in the stisams asatPeshuwo.
We hear thauaireaBl tsstkaaay that the
Btrrspj-t aiaa among Ike BcroMtnckea
natipls rflhll ihaBe ass that the last day
haaTassaa. IbWMMSI Man
a mw.se
1QCH. n w.
m x.. k At m ..rier
isBsfjaaasa. What other
ttMJkj.aadwrhT UbbilIi il ant. gnat sbmss
jffji l,..t,J nntliTnvhnl the sounding
of thbtft truaip-and indeed the approach
of the awful roaring, and the premonitions
from the distance, supplied even that to te
appalled imagining of the people.
Th Ev theory, we think it is, that con-
.:..i .A surpad fires will bring ou
UUUW a..i. --w i .1."
rain, seems to be entirely expioaea in u
natance. Thee fires had lasted nearly or
quite four weeks, ravaging forests over a
great area, and still not a drop of rain. The
.1 -l f mwlwA to tll
rain only came wun a cuaugc ui
northward, and wveral days after the worn
burnings were over.
m
I Ikere Fire i Ifce irt-A BeaMrfca-
ble Thrry.
A writer in the Xew York Evening iW
.a rTnnrLalite unrv in regaid to great
fires. He says: On the night of the 2Cth of
TWomber. 1SJ5. I wassitUng witu a nteian
I j- t tn aIaaI !n Ana nf fliO Iir
menu, aixmi muc u iiA.f vi. i
of 1IambUns magnificent Bowery
itimipr. Suddenly the big bell o. the t-iiy
Hall boomed loud and long over the metrop
olis, and "Fire! Fire!" echoed arounu ano
Ttl.in tlietheatre. We were off in an in
stant, rushing out of the slamming doors,
and onward toward the scene of the confla
gration, which was "glaring on Night's star
tled eye away uown town.
When we reached Wall street,- near Wa
ter, the Tontine Coffee House had caught,
and dark smoke in huge masses, tinged with
dickering flashes ol bright flame, was burs-ting
from all the upper windows. The night,
as all who were out in it will remember, wo3
intensely cold. There was but little wind,
still as the fire advanced there was plainly
nsroni;iilH i lie "food of fire" in the air. as I
firmly lielieve there always ia in all great
conflagrations; something mysterious as yet,
and iinexjlainjble. it was so in our greai
lire, for 1 saw its evidences myseii, anu i sec
that reports of the same evidences are men
tioned as features of the still more terrible
and vastly greater conlugration in Chicago,
which has "roused liie world." rcienee,
there is but little doubt, will find out by-and-by,
what this mysterious iower is, and tell
us how it works, and how it may be guarded
againt, if not conquered. Whether it is at
moibcric or electric, or whatever ebe it
may be, is yet to be determined. A word or
two more concerning this subject a little fur
ther on.
Our great fire traveled south and west
faster than a man could walk. Water froze
in all the gutters; thick ice coated all the hy
drants, ciuncheil in the hose pijKSlhat en
ninilif rti! the streets, and lav in "floes"
where there was :i -ludow from the heat and
the flame. But in a little while no water
was wanted. Engines were soon useless;
and no energetic "Sykesy" was required to
"take the butt." Clouds of smoke, like
dark mountains suddenly rising into the air,
were succeeded liy long banners ot name,
rushing to the zenith, and roaring for the r
prey. Street after street caught the terrible
torrent, until over acre after acre there war
rolling and booming an ocean offiame! "All
of this I saw, and jurt of it I was. The
printing office of the KnicLtrbucLrr, at fn-t in
South William street, was moved threetiuies
far beyond the ireailing fire, but was yrad
uilly followed by the raging enemy, and
finally deoured.
As we were stsnding upon the roof oftl
Exchange, looking down ujion the sa ue
when in uiid-jirogress, buildirgs far bejond
the line of file, and in no contact with it,
hurst in'o dimes from the interior. The
same thing, I oLserve. hajeued in Chicago,
and wrs attributed to incendiaries; but there
were no incendiaries susjiecled in our great
fire. What latent jmwer enkindled the in
side of ihee advanced buildings, while ex
ternally they were untouched? A scientific
writer 'at one lime contended, I think in the
old Daily Adiertier, tliat at a certain period
there is what he called an "intlamable vacu
um" in the air, which iseif-ignitiug ami ir
resistible Perhajis a hundred years or so
from now some saff cuird against this myste
rious element, r.ow lying latent and slecjiing
in nature, mav 1 discovered. It is not so
verv loiiir since the old tea-kettle first lilted
its lid to the science of steam, and talking
around the world under water is a inuth
younger wonder.
Itnllle Intbe Air.
Two cinenters engaged in the construc
tion of a building at Ninth and Market
street", in which the floors have not el
been laid, got to fighting yesterday while
standing on the joists, nearly fifty feet above
the ground. JlcMains, oue ol tlieiu,Knockeu
down G. A. Carter, the other, with a club.
He fell across the joists and was held there
by McMains, who beat him terribly with a
ji'iece of wood. He came very near falling
to the ground, which would probably have
resulted in his death.
Aft-r the fight had progressed for some
miniiti-, ijarter was asked it he was sati-ueu,
which he replied that he was not. The an
tagonists, then, by mutual consent, adjourned
the battle for a few moments that tbey might
descend to terra firau and fight it out, while
iheir comrades immediately gathered round
and lireed them to make peace. Both of
them had fought stubbornly, though Cirter
was consideratly the worse off. Arguments
and Herniation failed to reconcile the infuri
ated men, and they went down into the street
and commenced a pitched battle with
rocks. They had hurled but one or two
missiles at each other, when they were
promptly arrested and placed in Twelftl
street station house by officer Westby. They
were released soon afterward on bail, and
Carter went to a physician and had hi:
wounds dressed. He was awfully bruised.
The difficulty is said to have originated in
adisnnle about the width of a plank. A
more dangerous jdace for a fight could not
have been selected, as a misstep might have
nrerJnitated both o. them to the ground, fifty
feet below, and in the fall they would have
ttruck against obstacles which would have
injured them seriously u not luiauy. 7.0111
rit7 Courier
Batn arc Benefactor.
Among the prejudices cherished by the
masses against harmless animals, few are
stronger than that felt almost universally
against bats, arising probably from the sim
ple fact tl at they arc children of the night,
and forced to carry on their search after food
in the darkness. It may be, however, that
their lieculiar hideoiisness has given ad
ditional strength to this feeling, for the
Jewish legislation already declared them
unclean and accursed, and the Greeks bur
rowed their wings for the harpies, as Christ
ians have done 'or the devil. A poor, lost
bat need but fly into a room filled with cum
pany, and everybody is frightened. Sa
pintitous eople tremble at their meia lic
ence as an evil omen, and the strong-minded
among the fair excu-c their terror by a irt-
tended lear lor tneir uair an apprenenriou
which could be well founded only if the ac
counts of iasects being harbored in their
chignons should be verified. It istnie thee
children of d irkness are neither fiir in form,
nor amiable in temper, the naked, black
skin of their wings, stretched put between
enormously lengthened fingers, like the silk
of an umbrella between the whalebone of the
frame; the ugly claws of their hind feet; the
bare apjendages wnicn irequrnuy auorn
their noses in a most eccentric manner; and
their perfectly noisele", almost mysterious
flight by touch, and not by sight all these
peculiarities combine to make them un
welcome guests among men.
And yet they are real public benefactors
When the first warm sun of spring arouses
them from their long winter sleep, which
they enjoy, hanging by their long hind feet,
bead down, and the whole body carefully
wrapped up in the wide cloak of their wings,
they begin their night hunts. A dozen fat
beetles hardly suffice for the supper of a
hungry member of one variety, and sixty to
seventy house-flies of another kind. All
nieht long lliey pursue with indefatigable
enerev every variety of beetle and moth, of
fly and buff, and enjoy most of all those
which do the greatest injury to our fruit-trees
and cereals. Prof. De cre ia Appfeton't
Journal.
A.T. Stewaet is one of the most liberal
and systematic advertisers in the world. He
thoroughly believes in it. During the last
rear his expenditures in this respect, which
he maintains bring him the best return of
anv, have been largely increased. When he
has anything to sell, he advertises it in a
manner which may be described as sharp,
quick and decisive He has no long story
to tell, but it is truthful every word. It may
be for a day, or a week. But he follows it
with another. His bulletins are Ieoked for
with interest. He keeps the country contin
ually advistd, and thus establishes between
1 imself an I purchasers a jierfect under
standing. And this is nothing that any
JMk mav not do. Advertising is a bun-
Bess, and almost an art quite as much so
as the selection of a location or the buying
of goods. J'- oiewan uccuvcb mat u is in
a bus degree the secret of hat wonderful
success. He advertises in newspapers of
staneliag aad character people aerex expect
to read tis announcements in quack denoea
or any sort of clap-trap publicatioaa appeal
lag with large promises. The paper that ia
laJalmhrraSabasisKB circles, thacoaat-
tha saaulr.M lae omry onw
haujaaaforhua. The mar-
arftlwaansVaad skatem ia BBBsnw
ras-BMBMi
"7 T7l viaia Talk. a dreadful Mracrit ha md In If, ftai fcU I Wre but ot roBGOrnor.' in fix a point where a competitive exaauM- that Hoa. Thmn it kl .-iIjbJ
rial. Talk
fFicH the Tewks Becnrd.l
The Fort Scott Monitor, in commenting on
Capt. King's excellent address delivered be-
lore me otaie caiiorui .aswAMuuu, iym
approvingly of that portion of the address
devoted to "Personalities," and endorses the
position taken therein. This poition as we
understand it. is. that a paper to be worth
anything must be outspoken about individ
uals as well as parties, about men as wen a
measures. It must be capable of saying
"Thou art the man," whenever the public
good requires such an expression. Villains
must be pointed out by their given and sur
names, and fools, who are nearly as danger
ous to the public peace, must be talked to in
a manner that even a fool can understand.
Tn lmkinir over our exchange list we are
reminded every day that Capt. King's doc
trine is that ofnearlv every leading and in
fluential paper in the country. Pickin? up,
for instance, a recent copy ot the New York
TrUncue, we find in the same column one
short paragraph commencing in this manner:
That the attempt of Magnus Gross to sell
out the German Democrats, who are resolved
on reform, has not been so far successful, is
not so much due to the backwardness of Mr.
Gross, etc
And another which begins by sa ing that
"fmm Washington we have an unavory
story about the sales of seized reliel cotmn by
the Government at the close of the war."
Here are two samples, selected at random.
A weak, old grannyish paiwr would have
commenced by intimating, in a circuitous
imnner. that "the attempt of a certain toli-
tician, who shall be nameless, to sell out the
German Democrats," and so on, through a
column and a half, and as to the cotton
frauds no mention would be made of them
lest somebody at Washington should be
offended.
The New York Times Is another favorable
sjecimen of a modem newsjiajier. In its
fir.1.1 n tlip Tniom inv rim; it has been un-
Iaringly "peroual," and lias filled wnole
columns" with the names of thieves.
This is a good sign not only for the public,
but for the indejiendence and prosjierity of
the jiress itself. The leading iapers of the
country do much lo fix the "style" of all the
pajiers'of the country, and will, aftera while,
make independence the lahion everywhere.
The people like the new order of things, and
they grow impatient of granny ism and toady
ism in newspajiers. Cowardice makes a
newsnaner as odioue as it does an individual.
"Ifjouare afraid, go to the rear," is the
admonition of the public
We hone Capt. King's address willlhave a
good effect in Kanis, and that Kansas edi
tors will all realize that indejwndent and
courageous journalism does not consist en
tirely in calling the editor 01 me opposition
pajrhard names, out, as aneminemcoieiu
poraryof ours would observe, "holding the
mirror up to niture" in all cases, eten
though the mirror might leflect the counte
nance of a United Slates Senator, or some
other great man.
As a taper should be oiit-poktn in regard
to the enemies of the public, so it should
always be ready to say a good word for the
really meritorious. 11 11 wisnes to sujijion
a man for office it should say so at once, and
not ro t'ifflini? and blushing about it. It
should express its preferanoe in plain words,
and not haslilullv indicate its cnoice uj
publishing a long address on the subject of
cheese and turnijn by its fionte asjnrant
for political honors.
It i' too much to exject at this time th.-t
newsnjiers will be emancijiated entirely from
party im. There w ill always lie some iajvrs
who will sujijiort anybody who has a "regu
lar nomination." TLe number of suth
pajiennrows less, however, w ith each succes
sive year.
tnrrn letorin s a Spiritualist
From the tioljen .ge.l
A treat deal has leen said about Queen
Victoria's indisjiosition, which now a-eumt
one form and now another, ringing an 1 lie
way from sore throat to insanity. IJiu tl
truth is tint, aside fiom the ordinary ills
thai oiinuioii llet-h is heir to. and of which
she has her shire, she is a spiriiualist; anLT
the eminently re-qjecuble and thoroughly
stujiM English public regard such a belief
with repugnance bordering on dismay. The
tiling seems to those materialistic, matter of
fact oeonleso utterly incredible that the only
way I hey can account for it is by supjosing
that her mind is laboring under a hallucina
tion, if, indeed, it is not jermaiienlly disor
dered. She has a firm conviction that
Prince Albert is always preent with her,
and that she can hold communion with him.
Her private rooms are arranged as they
were when he was alive. His chair is placed
ojijiosite to her own in the library, and the
books which he delighted to lead to her are
arranged lovingly in order, ujion the tabic
In some of her moods she will converse with
him for an hour together, conducting her
own share of the conversation aloud, and
with the visor and interest of old times. He
has ta'ight her by his example, the success of
his business enterprises esjiecmiy uy ins
management ol the Duchy of Cornwall to
sujerintend, as much as ossible, all her
private affaire herself; to reduce all un- eces
ceasary exjiendilures, and to forbid extrava
gan.e. Hence, the greatest simplicity is
obfened at the Queen's table, and she imag
ines that her husband looks on, well pleased.
At times, when she is more than ordinarily
imjiressed with the stn-eof his jireencc, it
is said she will order a knife and fork to be
placed on the dinner table for him, and
CJii-e the attendants to jilace every course
hofnn the ernntv chair as if the master still
mniied it. Every morning a iair of boots
are cleaned and set down against the door of
the clumber which he once occupied; and at
breakfast, when ill Scotland, she will often
it a Ions? time in silence, waiting for the
Prince.
OjNter Fnrmlun-at warebnm.
The cultivation cf oysters on the flaU at
Cohasset Narrows and Agawam, in Ware
luui, has already become more profitable
than the tillage of an equal area ol ujiland,
nnd the nronrietors of grants favorable for
growing nival ve plants have abandoned farm
ing, and are devoting uieinseives exciu
ipy tu the rai-incofovster. It is only s
few years since the adaptibilitv of the flats
along the shores of Buzzard's Ba.v and the
inlets on the opjxjsite side ol the Narrows to
to the rearing of this delicious moliusx, anu
yet they have obtained a wide reputation.
cniumandinc a high price, borne thirty bar
rels are sent daily to the Boston market, and
so rapid is the increase, that in five years, il
is estimated the shipments will amount to
1.000 bushels a day. There are some fifty
owners of grants in Wareham. citizens of
which town alone have a privilege to occupy
tlie flats, which are obtained for a jieriod of
twenty years by the payment of a recoiding
feeorSoO. These grants nave an neen
taken ii. and are now held at immense bo
nuses, some as high as $10,000. These,
howevei. are exceptioa. the yield of the
beds aggregating in some instances, two
thousand bushels a ye it. The grants ex
tend frcm tae shore "11 low water mark, and
embrace from five lo seventy-five acres of
flats. The granti have been taken upon the
Buzzard Bay side of the Narrows as far out
as Ho? Island. Beds of young oysters,
hatched w jere the spat hai lalbn, have re
cently been discovered, ti e extent of which
is estimated at twenty-fi-e thousand bushels.
They are now quite small, the size of a cent,
jet every bvshel the young mollusks wi'.l
in three years make from four to five
thou.and buhfLs of merchantable (yefrs.
These natives are now being sold to ihe
owners at fifty cents per bushel. The men
who struck the beds are earning several hun
dred of dollars a mont'i in raking and de
livering their harvest There has been ex
ceedin zlr fine sport of late at Cohasset Nar
rows, in catching "Squilleage," or "week
fuh a denizen of these swift pinning wat-
ors, which closely resembles the speckled
lake trout, while it is full as gamy a fish to
take, and superior to the salmon in flavor.
It is called by some "sea trout," an 1 weighs
from three to nine pounds. Sportsmen are
for it with the rod line. Boston Journal.

A Ia4.B Fireasaa'a Beath.
A correspondent of the London Times
sends the following narrative to that paper:
As an eye-witness to the fire in Gray's inn
road on Sunday morning, I trust you will
allow me space for a few lines to testify to
the brave and gallant conduct of the fireman
Ford, who lost his life after saving six
others. My chambers directly overlooked
the scene of the fire, anil it is difficult either
to describe or forget tbescene that 1 witnessed
fnr a few moments. The inmates were at
the ton story of the house, and as the fire
quickly progressed upward their death
miomI imminent, and their cries for help
hMsame heartrendijig. There appeared to
me to be considerable delay in the arrival of
aa escape, but just at the critical moment one
appeared, and Ford ascended at once, and
brought four or five persons in safety, who
must undoubtedly, hive perished in another
twomiautca. Suddenly a cry for help from
a woman who had been left behind was beard,
aad without a moment's hesitation, and amid
the hoarse cheers of the crowd, as
ik. flames were then bunting from
the first floor windows. Ford again ascended f
the escape He succeeded w getting hold of
the when all at once tne names
the
ras of the escape, aad he was
rM to let go Us hold. ShefelLbGt
asdyssBsMaaiaarwhniisai. Ford, bower-
sr sairyiBsr h re-
a dreadful straggle ha -wed himssU; aad fdl
heavily to the nuuud. hi clothes being ia a
blaze, and his injuries so great that he has
since died, leaving, I hear, a widow aad two
children, with an immediate prospect of an
other. No man could have gone more cheer
lully into the verv jaws of death, aad with
such fearful odds against him, to save the
life of another than did this poor fellow and
it is due entirely to his gallantry that the
whole six people were saved.
THE BHBBE sSLAKB FBt SICES.
Ills. Prist W.rka
r Caltetf Stats, seaataw BptasrsM
Btwtker.
From the Kew York World.
Ex-Governor Sprague, of Rhode Island,
and CoL Amasa Snrague constitute the firm
-r i a. w if PpnviitMu. th.
UI n.. 1 If. OUMKUCt .v.mmv, .m
origin of which dates back to theearly settle
ment of the state. Wm. sprague, great
grandfather of the present prince, was one of
the original settlers of Rhode Island, and
built the first cotton mill ever erected in
Providence. It was his ambition to run 100
looms, at the end of his death sixty were in
operation in his mill and about 900 yards of
cloth were manufactured per week. The
present Arm runs 6,000 looms, manufactures
5,000 pieces of cloth her day and print 2,500.
The largest mill in the United States belongs
to them and is located at Baltic, is 964 feet
long, five stories high, contains 2,000 looms
and runs 76,000 spindles. They own two
mills at Quidneck, R. I., of 25,000 spindles;
at Natick, four mills of 43,000 spindles; at
Central Falls four milk of 33,000, constitu
ting the United States Flax Mill, and at
Maine two mills of 35,000 spindles. These
different mills are surrounded by villages
formed of houses occupied by the operatives.
churches for their attendance and a large
store to supply their necessities, all erected
at the same time as the mills.
In Baltic the firm own every lot of land
Iwrdering lioth banks of the Shetucket
Kiver for ten miles, extending through
Windham, Sprague, and South Windham
counties to Willimantic In Maine tbey
hive purchased the entire northern end of the
city of Augusta, and on the Kennebec River
they have erected a dam 1,000 feet long, 17
feet high, with an average flow of two fee
in dejith, which backs the water twelve miles
with force sufficient to run all the mills in
the State of Rhode Island.
The firm also own the whole of the Cnn-
lraree Kiver in Columbia. S. C. In Con
necticut the Oneco Lodge Quarry, through
which thev have constructed a railroad hv
Government grant, and here is quarried the
stone used in the erection or their immense
mills and print works, and a large quantity
for sale. The home estate of the family at
Cranston comjirises two hundred and seventy
one acres, and in other parts of Rhode
Island they own twenty-nine farms, seventeen
of which are farming and woodland. The
extent of their property in Providence is not
definitely known to either of the firm, but is
being rapidly surveyed by Mr. tieorge iv.
Tinelev. a "pupil of Cashing DeWit. and
elegantly and artistically mapped out by M".
George Harris, who is a practical engineer,
and with his fither. Mr. James T. Harris,
hxs the entirechirgeof ail the uiunufacturing
and 111 iniif.tctoru-s lIongtng to the firm
Tae Hew Gasujrv.
A tiirrow-gange lailroad from tide water
to littsburgli is said to lie one of the hilly
formed projects sixin to be deeloied practi
cally. Concerning who are the ori 'inators
and mm.iKcrs nothing precise can be stated
at present. It may be said, however, that
theothcu is 111 Ihiladeljiliia. Is it un out
come ol the I'enusylvama tympany, or a
comitetitor of the great monopoly? This is
a question which will receive an answer in
due time.
MII.M4 TAPKKTKY.
A Nl ranee Cooe.
JF'ruiu !!jri-r' Weeklr.
The following adventure hapiened
Bath, England, many years ago, and the
lady who narrated it to the writer, was (in
those days) a otiiigcirl staving ::t the house.
It was in the jialmy days of Bath, when tint
nuvr fallen city rivalled London in brilliancy
and di-siicitiun, and when all the rich anil
gay, and the high born of England congre
gated 111 Ihe season, and graced the balls and
assemblies. Mrs. it once the belle of
the court of George HI, but at this period
gradually retiring from general society, pos
sessed one of the largest old houses, and gave
in it entertainments which were the most
popular of the day. She was celebrated for
llnMhree things (once for four,) but the fourth
ntr beauty was of those days gone by
these were, her fascination, her benevolence,
and a set of the most matchless and perfect
amethysts. Her bouse contained tapestried
chambers. The walls of the one in which
she slept were hung around with designs
from heathen mythology, and the finest in
the room was that which hung over her
dressing table. It represented Phut-bus driv
ing the chariot of the sun. ihe figures and
horses being life size, it filled up the space
between the two windows, and the horses
were concealed behind the old fashioned e
netian looking-glass, while Phsbus himself,
six feet high, looked down by day and by
night on his mistress at her toilet.
One evening Mrs. R had an unusually
large party at home. She wore all ber ame
thysts. On retiring to her room at four
o'clock in the morning, she took off her jew
els, laid them on the table, and dismissed her
weary maid, intending to put them away
herself: but before doing so she knelt down,
as usual, to say her prayers. Vhile engaged
in her devotions, it was a habit with her to
look upward, and the face of Phoebus was
generally her point of sight, as it were, and
the object upon which her eyes most easily
rested. On this tiarticular night, as usual.
she raised her eves to Phtebus. What does
she see? Has Pygmalion been at work?
Has be filled those dull silk eyes with vital
fire? Or iff she dreaming? Ivo. Possessed
naturally of wonderful courage and calmness.
she continued to move her lips as if in rilent
prayer, and never once withdrew her gaze;
and sun the eyes looked down upon hers.
The light of her candles shone distinctly on
living orbs, and her good keen sight enabled
her, alter a cleverly inaugurated scrutiny, to
see that the tapestry eyes of Phu-bus
had been cut out, and that, with her door
locked and every servant in bed in
their distinct ajartmenis, and all her jewels
apread out before her, she was not alone.
She concluded her prayer with her face
sunk in her hands. We can well imagine
what thoe prayers must have been. Mie
knew there was some one liehind the tapes
try: she knew that bells and screims were
equally Useless; and she lay down in her bed
is usual ami waited the issue, tne oniy onus-
ior. being that she did not put away her jew
el. "They may save my life," she said to
herself, and she closed ber eyes, the clock
struck five 1-efore a sound was heard, and
then the moment arrived. She heard a
rustle, a decent from behind the tapestry,
and a man stood at her dressing-table. He
took off his coal, and one by one he secured
the jewels about his waistcoat. What would
lie his next move? Would it be to the bed
side or to the window? Ue turned and ap
Kroached her bedside; but by that time she
ad seen enough, and again dose 1 her eyes
and resigaeuVberself .0 the Providence whose
proection she had been craving.
The man was her own coachman. Ap
parently satisfied by a brief glance under his
dark lantern that he had not disturbed her,
he quietly uulocked the door and left her.
For two hours they must have seemed two
days she allowed the house to remain un-
atanned, her only movement naving oeen 10
relock the door, which her living Phojbus
had left ajar. At seven in the morning she
rang the bell, and ordered the carriage
around just after breakfast. All was accord
ing to ber usual habits, un me oox was tne
man who had cost her a night's rest and
most probably all her jewels. However, she
went off; she went straight to the house of a
magistrate.
"Seize my coachman said she; "secure
him and search him. I have been robbed
and I hardly think he has had time to disen
cumber himself of the jewels he has taken
from me."
Sh. wm nheved. and she was right. The
amethysts were still about him, and he gave
himselfup without a struggle.
eaiE BCT XBT rBBsjBrra."
Aw AsaMtlvws Yaatb ia Newspaper
The editor of the Colorado Herald had oc
casion to leave town for three or four days,
and he committed his paper during hk ab
sence to the chaige of a young man, a novice
in journalism, whome he had just eagaged as
an assistant. Before leaving he instructed
the ambitious young editor not to permit any
chance to go unimproved, and to force the
paper and its very small subscription price
upon the attention of the public
"Always keen before your mind the fact
that the object of this paper is lo extend its
circulation," fie seta --ana wnenever you see
achance toinsertapuffofthe .Bau&t in any
noticejrou can make, pile iaas thick as you
an. Keeo the pwle stirred up all the time,
you unuersmaa, so taw ucy wm oeuereour
paper is the gnateat sneet in tne United
Ktetca."
The partiag tear was shed, aad the editor
left. ThefoUwiaB4it,whesiha was far
avaytromhoaae, is was dM
Upon the
MMMptVOTHVvS IM .plHMMI i I ICatai
TWW .W B JBBBmaBBBBBBBBBB -BaWBa. BH BBBBBBB U V" WBBV- BBBBBBT BSBBBBBBBBB
per
form a duty which is peculiarly painful to
the able assistant editor, who has been en
gaged on this paper at an enormous expense,
in accordance with ou- determination to
make the ITsraui a first-class journal. Last
night death suddenly and unexpectedly
snatched away from her domestic hearth (the
beat are advertised under the head of Stoves
and Furnaces upon our first page) Agatha
Bums, wife of Rufus P. Bums, the gen
tlemanly editor of the Herald. Terms, three
dollars per year, invariably in advance.
A kind mother and exemplary wife. Office
over Coleman's grocery, up two flights of
stairs. Knock hard. "We shall miss tl ee,
mother, we shall miss thee." Job printing
solicited. Funeral at half past-four, from
the house just across the street from the Her
aid office. Gone to beau angel now. Ad
vertisements inserted for ten cents a square."
Well, the editor arrived at home that day
at noon. Slowly and sadly he was observed
to arm himself with a double-barreled fow
ling piece, into which he inserted two pounds
and a half of bullets. He marched over to
the office, followed by an immense crowd.
The assistant editor was busy at the time
Cling a big placard to be tacked ou the
le. It Bore the legend: "Buy vour
coffins at Simms', over the Herald "office."
The assistant editorcast his eye around and
perceived his chief. Care was set 11 jion that
wan cheek, and thunder clothed his brow.
He leveled his gun. The assi'tant did not
wait. With one wild and auful yell he
jumped from the second-story window, and
struck out for the golden shores of the Pacific
But their is only one editor now, and the
clerk in the office has standing orders to
blowout the brains of any man who brings
an obituary notice to that paper.
The Test far Buralua; Oil.
From the Nalinual Oil Journal.
In our last issue we explaimed the method
in common use for determining the fire test
of petroleum oils. We refer to the matter
again for the purose of urging every per
son to use kerosene to ascertain the fire test
before trusting it. If a thermometer is not
available, or if for any rexon the test cannot
be made in the usual way, then try a vet sim
pler method which has been occe before
mentioned in our columns. Pour a small
quantity into a saucer or other shallow dish,
and pass a lighted match near the surface of
the oil. If you detect any small bluish
flashes or un, or if the vapor takes tire,
then, in either case, the oil is dangerous and
unht for use. K sure and always have both
the dish and the oil at as warm a temjiera
Hire as they would be in the shade on a hot
summer's day. Recently, in a single month,
three women were burntd tn death in the ci y
of Pittsburg by keroseene explosions. We
have before us a sample of the oil used in one
of these cases, nnd any person familiar with
kerosene can tell instantly that it lias lieen
adulterated by the addition of benzine. On
the application ol a match as above described,
it takes fire as instantaneously as jiowder.
The oil was purchased as a good article, hut
if this test had been applied, its true charac
ter would have been discovered, and the life
of the wife and mother might have been
saved.

ITE3IM.
The comment of a colored preicher 011
the text I is more blessed to gio than to
receive," is inimitable for its oint as well as
eloquence: "I've known many a chinch lo
die cause it didn't give enough, hut I never
knowed a church to die 'cause it gave too
much. Dey don't die dat wav. Bredren,
has any of you ever knowed a church tu die
'cause it gave too much? If you do, just let
me know, and I'll make a pilgrimage to that
church, and I'll climb by the soft lijht of
de moon, up the moss covered roof, and I'll
stand dar. and lift up mv hands to heaven.
and say, "Blessed are de dead dat die in de
Lord."
Seator Sumner's letter to the colored
jieojile, rejd at the Columbia, (S. C.) Con
vention, contains the following iutt resting
iiassagi: "A hotel is a lejrd institution, and
so is .1 common "chool. As t-uiii, each iim-t
be for the equal benefit of all. Hon can
there be any exclusion from either on account
ol color; is it not enough to jirovi.n
seturale accommodations for colored ciliztn
even if in all resiiects as good as those of
other persons equality is not found as an
equivalent, but only in equality. The right
to vote will have new security whin your
euual right in public conveyance, hotels and
common schools is at last established. The
civil rights law needs a siipi!ement to cover
such rases.
Justin McCarthy writes from London:
"the British rough has got il thoroughly
into his head that his wife is his projierty to
beat and kick as he please, and unless he
actually and deliberately kiljs the woman,
having' formally announced his intention U
forehand, lie never sufferers more than a
few weeks' imprisonment. The beast would
be more severely punished if he were to break
a janeof glass in a shop window. The ju-
pers positively overflow with thee crimes
just now. Il is almost sujiertluous to single
out any particular ca-e as an illustration, lor
thev are all the same. In no country save
England alone, do such things occur to
the same extent, and the fact .is a hideous
disgrace to our laws and our society."
AtTitusville a new oil well has been
discovered. A corrcsjiouilcnt from that
vicinity says that tor nine hours jt "flowed a
beautiful amberand rose tinted oil, of sixteen
degrees gravity, as large as a sto.epipe, at
the rate of four hundred and thirty-wen
barrels per hour. The nil is so heavy tint
it foamed a jierjiendicular column of six
inches in diameter that would push its way
up several hundred feet into the air, when,
becoming pirtially melted by the sun's rays,
and overcome by its own weight, it would
break off near the ground, and tall over like
an immense tallow candle struck with a
club." This is an imjiortant and doubtless
profitable discovery.
Portland, Me., during the list two years
has lost a large and inqiortai t industry,
That city for a long time was .1 depot fur
sugar and molasses from Cuba, but the i:.i-
portation of these articles has now nearly
ceased. Eviry year a hundred and fifty
cargoes ol molsssts were brought to 1 ort
land, to be used in refining sugar; but the
manufacture of sugar in that city has lievn
abandoned. The refining of sugar is chietly
carricdon in Philadelphia, New York, Bal
timore, ard Boston, there being eniaged in
the business fifty firms, employing an aggre
gate capital of twenty-five million dollars
WASHINGTON-
Rrdactloa or (tie l'abllc Debt.
Washington. Nov. 1. The public debt
has been reduced $3,950,490 during October.
Taeepea Polar Nea Military ('.laniif,
Washington, Nov. 1. The information
received by the Navy Department from Dr.
L. T. Terman, of Gotha, concerning the
German discovery of an ojien Polar sea,
states that the ntrthemmost point reached is
77 north. On meridian 4s east found the
most favorable state of the ice toward the
North Pole, with probable connection with
open sea north of Siberia, toward the east.
the expedition was made in a small sailing
vessel, at the expense of the Affairs-Military
Changes have been made by the President
in transferring the State of North Carolina
from the Department of the East to the De
partment of the South; the Indian Territory
north of Texas and south of Kansas adihd to
the Department of Texas, to blunder the
command of Gen. Augur, and the Department
of Texas lo be added to the Division of Mis
souri. Tbe Deparnment of the Platte, for
the present, is di-continuetl. The States of
Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, and the
Gulf ports will constitute the new Department
of the Gulf, to be commanded by Col. Morey.
Ihe tvummissioner 01 l'enaions is now in
Philadelphia to effect a settlement with
Forbes, pension agent of that city, who is in
arrears $200,000.
Fiaaaelal-IasllaB AsTalrs Kb Itlnx-
wntm civil semef.
Washington, Ney. 1. The Secretary of
the Treasury has called in another million
and a half three per cents, of the denomina
tion ot $0,000 from No. 2533 to 2723: also
of the denomination of $10,000 from 25C7 to
to 2833; interest ceases on tne 31st of De
cember.
Gen. George B. Williams, of Indiana, to
day formally concluded an arrangement with
the Japanese Minister, by which he will go
to that country and organize an internal
revenue system similar to our own. He is
encaged for three years at a large salary.
Indian Agent vt alKer has lelt for Cheyenne
to hear complaints of the Sioux.
It has been ascertained that the leaders of
the Kuklux now in jail in South Carolina,
will not be released on hsjL
Mai. Thomas Douohue died to-day, aged
75 years. He was long connected with the
Intelligencer.
George Curtis presented the President with
the rules adopted by the Civil Service Com
mission. The Star says tbe President hat addressed
a leHet tor (he Prtsidsnt of the Seneca Stone
Company, reoueatiag him'to
(ttePressdeat's) stock ia the
him'to dispose of hie
l?!
y lawsaHsW
lion rhall commence, as of 30,000 postnias- j
ters, 2wu receive salaries less than Si.UUU
per year. It is thought this class should not
submit to examinations, as a greater part of
the offices are held merely for neighborhood
accommodation, and not profit.
he Grand Doke o Cosasneaee Baal
new. Washington-, Nov. 2. The telegram
from Russia denying that Minister Cataeazy
would not berfecalled after the visit of the
Grand Duke, has attracted attention in official
circles. There is authority for the statement
that Cataeazy has been told that after the
visit of the Grand Duke, he will not be
received as Minister here, and that it he
does not leave, his jiassport will be sent him.
The Pre-ident of the Seneca Sand-tone
Company denies that President Grant re
quests him to sell his stock in that company;
says that in 1807 the President invested
$10,000 for the benefit of his family.
He Comptroller of the Currency author
izes the Merchants National Bank of Toledo
to commence business with a capital of
$300,000.
The War Department again declines to
grant ail escort to Indian Superintendent
Viall, on the ground of an insufficiency of
troops :i Montana, and that the season is too
far advanced.
Presideat'it Proclnniiliau t'oafension
or Members ol I lie Ku-Klm.
Washington, Nov. The President's
pro. iiation to-day revokes the order, and
his lu tier proclamation suspending the writ
of habeas corpus in South Carolina, it having
been iscertained that unlawful organizations
do 1 t exist to the extent described in the
pro nation suspending said writ, and de
claring as it hxs been ascertained that un
lawful consjiiracics do exi-t in Union county
and wi.h the uual notice given to such com
binations to disperse within tie days.
Delegate Hoojier from Utah is here, and
denies that his bn-iness with the President is
concerning the Utah matters.
Information has been leceived from South
Carolina that 200 members of the Ku-Klux
have made voluntary confession and surren-
derendered to the authorities. They were
disgu ted with the Klan. On Mondiy thirty-seven
of them confessed in writing. It is
estimated tint 300 of them have tied, and
100 to 200 are confined in jail. The York
ville prisoners speak well of Iheir treatment.
A number were released on parol until their
confessions could be heard. Examinations
before the Commiioner will soon le com
menced. Txiui (Irtlerru l fori Leutiioiurm
a lie j imirni-.
Washington. Nov. B. One hundred
troojis have been been ordere-d fo Foit taav-
enwortli lor consignment 10 ine r.ioui
cavalry.
TheCivil Service Commission Ills rts eived
an interesting communication from the
British Civil Service Commission
"Judge Richardsc.11 writes from Windoii,
Oct. 21st that the w!ui!e syndicate business
will be a comiletesuci-t-. The members of
the syndicate are doing everything i" acccrd
ancewith the agreement. The binds are
delivered as fast as pnctit-.ih!e. He thinks
the transaction will be ckil by the 1-t of
December.
Victor G. Powell, lite clerk ih the Second
Auditor's office, .barged with coir-piracy.
with W. B. Stokes nnd other", to di fraud the
State, has been relra-ed on jlo.OOO hail.
I rex.isrH 411 uHsi' LauilH.
Washington. Nov. The agent at
Gibson rejire-ents that there are oer iOO
white tre-qiosscrs from Kansas on the new
Osaire Reservation. Theureors recently
sent to the Osage country have fixed the line
at 9G. and made ll-e line four miles -t of
theprevioiisolIici.il simev, hv whim the
choicest lands in the valln 01 tl e Cine Kiv
er will lie taken Iran the 0-nj.es thus misIi
ing them into :i mountainous country The
administration his do iiltd lint tie pr"-tnl
Indians shall not I di-turlied. ..ml lh.it they
shall Is? rotcctol.
Col. Tapjtaii, Col. II. A. C 11111, -u.d F. A
Walker, arc mentionesl in coniiectio.i uitli
the Commi-iioner-hiji of Indian Affairs.
1 he investigation of the cnarge-s ag-.unsl
Judge J. W. Wright, of lias it y, ami for
merlyiif Indiai.3, in rchtion to ihe collec
tion of bounties, and -n-ions due Indian 1
soldier, and ol the Creek, Cherokee am:
Seminole Indians, who Mrved on the lron-
tier during the reliellion, is 111 progress. Ine
allured frauds are faid to amount to $4,000,-
000. ami that some ilnek in i-awnent of
liounties were cashed by the Assistant Treas
urer in New York upon 111 tiidor-ciiients of
dead soldicis' names-, and Wright and his
jgtnts.
NEW YORK.
Warrant I'liiilb) Hie- HroMtlwii) llnnk
New Yokk, Nov. 1. The si itement is
lade founded on warrants udd by the
ii'roailnjv Bank that InLermli an.l tiaivey,
iiiilejiosiling, invariably gave forty-two jier
rent, to Woodward, iwentj -four pr eei t to
Tutetl.ar.il kept twenu-.vei r 11 nt. for
tliniHelves.
lioi. ISilllorlv Urwrci.i.
New Yokk. Nov. 1. Gov. il.illock, of
Georgia, now in this eity, states that his
re-iunntion as inttnotil lo thwart thj
schemes of hi lulilical er.tinie-. He asserts
that there i no truth 111 the eliarget :igain-t
him, an i on rtturnin lo Geori 1 he will de
mand an investigation ot tin.-.' t barge-".
.linrliul i.nu in
ltarS. on
I lie Stoulli SilieilI-l
h Setionl Jllslrr.
Ni.w Yoitic, Nov. 1. A siiecial ili-jutch
fr 111 Washington this evening "tales that il
is asserted on the authority u Senator I'oole
thai President Grant has exjirt-wil his deter
mination to declare martial lav throughout
the entire South, in con-tiniei.co of ihe con
tinuedoiitraio.
The ljng I-laml Siyar Refining Com
pany are reported as about to su-i-end. The
embarrassments of thecompinv, which are
rearlv three quarters of i million, are sai-l
to be "due to excessive imjiortaliotis of molas
ses, since which the market ha- tltt lined.
There was some excitement among the
jioliticiansof Brooklv n to-d ty in con-eiiuence
of an attack on school mi-tre-ves, ajipearing
in the Journal, edited by Dilniar, lormerjy
Director of the Bureau of "stati-ties in
Washington. The charge wa- that the lady
teachers were paid o Milt the puristses of
vile men in iiower. A suls-commilteeof the
Democratic General Committee waited on
the Mavor, saying tint the article had been
dictated by him. This the Mayor denied.
Registrar McLausnlin. sikenmi of
the jiarty then challenged the Mayor to
come into the treet-, thtliring if he did he
would knock the Mayor's bead otl. There
arc sitsiiision that the Mayor had some
thing to do with the jiublicatioii of the libel,
and MeL-iughlin thrtattns to u-e the t-ow-hide
if he dL-cover- the author.
Tbe "Jacks" To Adjourn -SlisprmlrU
Itrslcnert.
New York, Nov. 2. An organization
called the Jackson Democratic State Associ
ation was formed je-terdiy. Its jilatlt rm
enunciates the Re'orm jirincijiles.
The Stock Exchange this morning, by a
large majority, dtcided to adjourn on Tues
day next, election day.
Charles O'Connor states that no suits will
be couimenced ajpinst Major Hall liefore
the election.
The Mercantile Insurance Company, of
this city, lias suspended in consequence of
the Chicago fire los-cs.
Ihe rhiladeljihia i-ity treasurer, .viarcer,
lias resigned. The charges brought against
him were heard in the Ouarter ;essions to
day, and bail given in $100,000 to ajje-ar
for trial. JJavid Jones, his chiel cierit,
transferred his projierty, amounting to $20,
000, to the surities of the Trearury.
eaealas: ol the Kooevelt llooplml
SjOaaT saillDU n.r WLmmrrj
New York. Nov. 2. The Roo-evelt
Hospital, on Fifty-eighth sfreet, vm opened
to-day. It is a gift from .Mr. James II.
Roosevelt and has already co-t more man a
million dollar9.
The Republicans are strongly urging the
election of ex-Uovernor Seymour lor tne
Assembly from the Nineteenth District.
The trouble 01 the ing iianu sugar
Refinery Company was occasioned by the
secretary making false statements in his ac
count. Ihe secretary nas uisappeareu ana
there is no clue to his whereabouts. In a
dav or two the stockholders will determine
whether the company will be forced to
suspend.
There will be a large number of the busi
ness men of tbe aty at the poll all day on
election day. The Anti-Tammany parties
are preparing to defeat the schemes of re
peaters.
lasbraaee RatlSeatlaa JfeeUas;.
New York, Not. 2. The Superinten
dent of the State Insurance Department is
now making a careful official examination
of the New York City companies. He cer
tifies that the International company's assets
of $1,500,000 are surely invested, and its
capital of $500,000, after providing for all
liabilities, including tbe Chicago fire and re
iastuaBces,is wholly unimpaired.
Cooper Institute was filled to-night with
BML at tae call 01 wc wiiimiiiu ew bcv-
rto ratify the reform ticket. Henry G.
preaded, ana aaev aaaaaag ine
or wmtcm-.imm xmmmmmr
tbecirtf $,M,Mft,ke ia-
from contest in the Fifth Senatorial Dvtrict ia
favor of Erastus C Benedict, and Wm.Hall
resigned in favor of Dwid Tildes. Hon.
Sain'I J. Tilden and Wm. M. EvarU deliv
ered eloquent addresses, denouncing the
frauds, and calling on tbe citizens to unite on
election aay in riauing the city ot the gang
of robbers who prey upon it.
On motion, the Keforni ticket was adopted
by acclamation.
"Telegrams were received from Horatio
Seymour and Hon. Francis Keroan express
ing regret at not being able to attend.
The Kings County Democracy held a
grand mass meeting to-night at the Brooklyn
Academy of Mnsie. The building was
crowded. The chair was occupied by Hon.
Dumas Barnes. The State, county, and city
nominees are enthiwiastically endorsed.
The BraaalvM Sekwal Traaale ste
Mltesl Attest tke rails.
New York. Nov. 2. Mayor Kalbfleisch
sent a letter to the Brooklyn Board of Edu
cation to-day. denying all knowledge of the
article reflecting upon female teachers. There
is a general opinion of the Board in favor of
letting the mothers and the oroeners 01 ine
oung ladies take suitable action in regard to
the punishment of tbe author of the slander.
The Union League Club this evening unan
imoii.lv re-olved to attend the polls at the
election to-day, to preserve order.
Bribes esttrva Tllaea.
New York, Nov. 3. In a speech last
night Tilden said he had been approached by
Tammany officials, and bribes of office end
other considerations offered him to recede
from the reform party.
Judge Barnard this morning modified his
injunction order so as to prevent the issue of
fifteen million of bonds negotiated by August
Belmont without mandamus, compelling the
bureau of elections to provide for the election
of a-si-siant aldermen.
lusnrsare Liberal BaaaUaa Writ ar
Errar tlraateaU
New York, Nov. 3. The losses of the
Mercantile Insurance Company are not so
great as at first supposed. The capital stock
is no impaired more tbrn 30 per cent. This
is more than made up by stockholders. The
injuuciion heretofore granted is dissolved,
and the company are now issuing policies as
usual.
The managers of the American Bible So
ciety donate $5,000 to the Chicago Bible So
ciety. Judge Ingraham has granted a writ of
error in the case of Kozensweig, the abor
tionist, returnable at the next gereral term
of the Supreme Court, which lakes j.lai-e in
Jauairv.
The Police Commissioners allow e-ach re
form candidate to send a man to the iwlU of
eaihelntion precinct, and defend him while
then.
latntlzalloB Bresarali.in rur
Eleetlaa.
New York, Nov. 3. TheSujierinteiidciit
of the Insurance Dejiartraent has at the re
eiuest of the Continental Insunnce Comjany,
investigated its arlairs and finds il capital
uniuiiaired, and that it holds a large sur
plus above all claims for losses by Chicago,
and otherwise including an ani'e reinsurance
fund. The Superintendent also certifies that
the voluntary additional half million capital
of the company is more than doubly sub
crilied. He 1 now examining other in-u-rince
coinjianies.
The s,iijH-riiitendent of Pnlie-e ordered the
whole Polii-e force on duly on election day,
t maintain order under the regulations.
Each cmdidate is allowed to have a friend
jiresent to see fair play in the count. The
Committee of Seventy arranged to have
Judge I-earned of the Supreme Court sit the
whole diy inilejiendent of usual occujiaiiLs of
the ls.rn.li, to jiroteet the h intM voters 111
Iheir rights.
Mayor Hall's Chief Clerk in a b tier to the
Weiss, promises 011 the liart of llie Maor,
prompt investigation of all comjilaints made
b the citizens against iusiieetor-. or other
jh)U officers.
Judge Barnard issued an order coiiipvllin;
the plating of boxes at the jmiU for the re
tuition of voles, for a-si-iant aldermen.
An order also was granud for the Maor
lo i-bow cau e .Monday why he did not re
move the jiresent iiLsjiectois of election and
nusiint others in conformity with iheliw.
About iOOO voting men have bt-rii enroll
ed as Viatcheis" of the polls on the part of
the Lomiuittieol seventy and the v,oiiiun 01
the mtimeijul reform.
Jml 'C Uirnanl to-elay stated in court tint
hi; was determined to stoji iuniri-tmnient for
dbt or as witnesses, ami that he liad no
doubt tint the murderers of Nathan and
Rogers would have been di-covered but for
fear on the art of some who hid s"en them,
of indefinite imjirisouiuent.
Wairants have been i-sried for several
le.iorters who have beiu oiTratuig 011 the
regl-try lists.
K-i-Sheriir o'Brieu'a Speeeli.
Nmv Youk, Nov. 3. Kx-Sherill O'Brien,
the Reform candidate for the Seventh Dis
trict, in hisspeech last night said: There are
50,000 men in New York wh- will not stand
the illegal interferene of these hirelings, and
who should, on Tuesday next, attempt
honest men from voting or shield rogues in
rejieating, will hang the vi 1 1 iaas to the
nearest lamp posts. This announcement was
greeted with uproarious cheers and shouts of
"we will that.
Meet las; at C'aaaer laaiitalr.
New York, Nov. 3. The meeting at
Cooper Institute la-t night was tlie most
enthusiastic and res actable that has been
witne-sed in this city for many years. Hun
dreds of eminent citizens occupied the plat
form. Every irofe-vsion and rank in life was
represented. Clergymen and jioliticians sat
side by side. Thousands were compelled to
go away for want of standing room in the
hall. During the delivery ol the speeches,
attacks ujion the ring evokil the most tumul
tuous cheering. Ihe platform was bung
with ensigns of the nation, and in tbe centre,
over the sjieaker's chair was the inscription,
"What we are going to do about it."
When the first sjs?aker, James H. Curate,
was introduced, lie commenced as follows:
"Fm.lovv CtTlEs: Before iroceeding
with my own dicourse, I have lieen request
ed to read the following: 'Will you be so
kind as to read the following notice of a great
meeting to lie held at Coojwr's Institute
to-night? The citizens of New York are
re-iectfully invited to attend the tiolitical
funeral of Wm. M. Tweed, Tuesday, 7th of
November.' Laughter. At New County
Court Houe. The exert i-es an '.he con
ducted by Archbishop October Immense
apjilause and laughterj with seventy able as
sistants. Services will commence by sing
ing that grand hymn of Dr. Watts': "Be
lieving, we rejoice to sec the curse re
moved." Cheers anil liughter. At the
conclusion of the ringing an t Iwjiiei.t dis
course is to be jironoiincetl by Presideut
Edward-. Applinse from that most
appropriate text "Lord, by this time he
siinketh." Cheers and laughter. This
congregation is re"pectfully invited to attend.
Mr. Choate, (hiring his sjieech, referring to
the contest Iwtween Bradley and O'Brien said
he thought the lullman candidate of Greeley
liejiuhlicans had no more chance of going to
the Stale Senate than haul Wm. M. Tweed to
effter the kingdom of heaven,
CHICAGO.
A Dealal af Kumars.
ClItCAt.o, Nov. 2. In explanation of the
statement contained in disjotches in the
morning papers, from bjinngfield, that the
War Department had ordered four comjianies
of U. S. Regulars to this city, it is proper to
State that the companies are ordered to the
barracks here to spend the winter, as tbe
headuuarters of the army of the Missouri.
the nine as comjianies stationed at other bar
racks throughout the country, and has no
reference whatever to any local use for these
soldier--. In reference to tne further rumor
in the same distatches, that Gov. Palmer
hid authorized or ordered Attorney Gen
eral Bushnell to procure the indictment ot
Gen. Sheridan, Col. Sherman and others, for
the murder of Col. Grosvenor, it is only
necessary to state that neither the Attorney
General or Governor has any legal authority
of the kind.
'caasBlalats .tgalast I be rasferwritesw
TtB-Bsrraar Ticket,
Chicago, Nov. 3. There is general com
plaints against the action of the Under
writers in increasing the rates of insurance
on grain in store here. The rates have been
considerably more than doubled and the
Tribune says that if the rates continued they
would ruin" the business.
It is announced by reliable authority that
the remaining feO per cent, of stock of the
Republic Insurance Company will be called
in at once, and that the Company will pay
their losses in full in installments and go on
with their business
The temparance men of Chicago held a
meeting yesterday and pui in a nomination
ticket for the city and county.
S amber af eatltatc
Chicago, Nov. 3. The number of desti
tute victims of the great fire now lamviag
aid from the Relief Society h nniiiliMy
decreased, owiag to tbe fact that away
secured Haj V lfc
of enitaasaly
awe aid, is aboa
m,
as.'' ""t
ST. LOUIS.
tsaable Btaraer MlcMe.
St. Locis, Nov. 1. A double and cold
blooded murder was committed four mQat
from Marshfield, in Webster county, last
Saturday, under the following circumstances:
Geo. Chamberlain, a t.amter, residing ia
Taney county, while on his way to Marsh
field for a load of merchandise, overtook
another teamster by tbe name of DuaayV
with a load of lumber that he was hauling
to W. I. Davenport, a lumber dealer of
Mashfield. Dunney's wagon broke, and he
requested Chamberlain to haul the lumber
into town, who loaded it on his wsgon, but
had not proceeded fox when his wagon broke
down also. He then went tn Marshfield and
procured the assistance of his son-in-law.
George Francis, and returned to his broken
wagon, re-loaded the lumbar, and again
started for town. At this juncture
they were met by W. C. Davenport, and
Mathew and Jacob Hoffman. One of tbe
Hoffman's struck Chamberlain on the bead
with a revolver, knocking him down, and
Davenjiort shct him with a shot gun, killing,
him. Davenport then shot Francis, killing
him instantly. Davenport and Mathew
Hoffman were arrested on .Monday. Daven
port is ex-Sherifl of Webster county aad a
man of considerable property.
Mrs. James Moms, wife of a prominent
citizen of Marshfield, committed suicide last
Saturday, by hanging herself. Cause, tempo
rary iruanit.", caused by ill health.
rire.
St. Locis, Nov. 2. A fire broke out at
11 o'clock to-night in the auction house of
D. N. Bitrgoyne, 121, North Main street,
and extended to the fancy goods and notion
store of A. J. Adeta Co. Th upper story
and roof of both stores are badly burned aad
the stocks in the lower stories are pretty
well drenched with water. The loss cannot
be ascertained to-night.
SAXTLcVKE
BrlgaaBt Vaaaa Mavlag.
Salt Lake, November 1. -To-day every
thing is quiet and there is not the least
probability of an outbreak in tbe city. The
Mormons all liiftm tbe most remote in
tention of resistdjPhe law or of opposing
the U. S. officers in the irformance of their
duty.
Judge McKeen's course in admitting
Mayor Wells to bail, is admitted iu all quar
ters to be proper. No fiult Is found for re
fusing bail for S-tout and Kimball, aitnougn
it is not deemed that the probability of their
guilt is greater than that of Mayor Wells.
It is understood that Marshal Patrick is
preparing an expedition to follow and arrest
Brigham Young.
Reliable rejHirts are to the effect that
Young is still moving southward, naving
with him eleven wagons and 100 armed men
well mounted.
Besreat aa Nalaaas MIbIbs; Sews.
Salt Lake, Nov. 3. The police, to-day.
made a desreni on several drinking saloons
for selling liquor without having paid the
municijial license ol 5200 jer month. The
places were closed and the proprietors sum
moned to ajqiear to-morrow before the
Police Judge.
There is great indignation among the
miners and mine owne-rs in regard to the
high freight tariffs on the Union Pacific R.
R. Hundreds f freight ears are 1 mi east
every day rather than carry the ore of Utah
at any profit to -hipjiers.
There are nt more arrests and not the
slightest ajijirehensions of trouble.
Nothing has lieen heard, to-day, from
Brigham, or the Apostle Hyde.
ArcltlfBlal NbavllBK A Xab.
Louisville, Nov. 3,-On Tuesday evening,
near New Amsterdam, Harrison County,
Tho. D-av, in comjiaiiy with John Day and
h. IS. Barker, all ol Gallajiolis, attempted to
draw a gun from under the seat of a skiff,
when the gun went otl, shooting Thos. Day
through the brea-t. He died soon after.
Last i.ight a mob collected about the jail at
Jeflcrsonville, Indiana, with the intention of
lynching a negro named John Washington,
who had attemjitetl lo raj a little girl, who
died from the excitement produced by the
outrage. The jirisoner was slipped out of
the back way and conveyed to the States
Prison. Learning this the mob dispersed.
Oatrago bjr Mea;rae.
Little Rock, Nov. 1. As same movers
were passing through the city yesterday en
route frem Georgia, with several negro men
and women vv ho were raised with the fami
lies and as a matter of choice were going to
Texas with them, a crowd of about 200
negroes surrounded tbe wagons and took the
negroes from them by force against their
jirotestations. Great indignation Ls felt here
among the white eoiIe at the outrage.
a
asfietsaeat AKalast Iher Cltjr Treaa
arer.
PuiLAELi'HiA, Nov. 1. The Citizens'
Municijial Reform Association has succeed
ed in securing an indictment against the City
Treasurer and his broker. Warrants for the
arrest of the accused have been issued. Start
ling tlevelojiments regarding the manage
ments of the city atiair are exjiected.
m
4 oailurforV Jleetiax.
Cleveland, Nov. 3. The Grand Divis
ion of the Brotherhood of Railroad Conduc
tors held their annual meeting in this city
this week. A large number of delegates were
present from the West and South. A Mutu
al Life Insurance Association was organised
for the benefit of the Brotherhood.
Karttaaeel.
Bosro.v, Nov. 3. Charles Howard, of
the late banking firm of Mollen Ward A Co.,
who was sentenced to three years imprison
ment in June, 1370, for smuggling Govern
ment funds, was to-slay jiardoned by Presi
dent Grant.
1'allesl to Agree.
Ntw York, Nov. 2. The jury in the
case of Lazarus failed to agree and were dis
charged. They sbxsl eleven for conviction
and one for acquittal. Iazarus will have a
new trill on Monilay.
Ualasaallb Stale!
Philadelphia, Nov. 2. Goldsmith
Maitl beat Lucy in two etraight heats, time
2:22J, 2:183, 2:18j.
A 1'rarlal Lraa.
Lewisto.v, Me., Nov. Ik Two girls leaned
to diy into trie deejiest channel of the falls,
with iheir arms interlocked. They left their
clothing on a rock.
GREAT BRITAIN.
LoMrfMa, Nov. 2. A compromise has
been arrived at between the English and
French govern menu in regard to the com
mercial treaty. The notice of abrogation
given by France has been withdrawn, and
the treaty will lie continued in force, but
with m atrial modifidalion in details, which
have already len agreed ujmn.
GERMANr.
Berli.v. Nov. 2. The Workingmen's
Committee of this city summoned a congress
of workingmen, to meet here on tbe 19th
inst. The object of the meeting isj to organixe
a general strike for the reduction of a dayja
labor to nine hours, and a general increase in
wages.
The subscription to the Chicrgo relief fund
at Bource, up to date, amount to 20,500
thaler. o
FRANCE-
Paris, Nov. 3. Advices from Toulouse
state that the disarmament of the National
Guard has been satisfactorily begun
Intelligence has been received of the
entire sum ression of the insurrection in
Algeria.. The natives gentrally are 1
ing their labors.
.'AiKBAHXS'
si tNr dari
OK JII.&
FA1Ki.aMl-, li.-hLNLEAJ'aOO.,
Sa.: 4c M4 Wuhlngten Avenue,
rut Hi. Louis, Mb.
Ali
FORSYTH
KTAlV.wAKl
SCALES.
FORSYTH, SCALE WORKS, 2U6nJ 3
kct street. St. LouU, Mo.. AgenU for Tnesw's-
(Witt a k slravwTatr-
Altn. A1U UK. aZ.proM lata- """iJl-sm
Iaas B-A-sssasma-aw
FATE3T Lf8 AKMH.
DR. Bi.Y'
Patent Legs and Arms
THE ANATOMICAL LEO to UlTAii-iV-rCED
sir St ran. Thaw
l swaat ihout ile otinn an tor comlort aal
II durabilll;
Hnrablllir nairauca. itic--j
is Haffofaetka nsfSBteed. enacr tune
mmmM .Immm mm mmmAm mm aammT.
v.a.
jti aure, "vmKwz
XSTisd al in'
LKWI8
UJCKW0Ot
F
j'...iasss-a-s-
IW
jr&a
-j
vA
A
H
watre
Jas-.H.
U WW,
-.TV
&n
I
i-.
E-BJO-'.r

lshyawiiiii 1 il
at taessas-v-dar
."J! ;a.i 'r' stsL. wa If
SM&fylh3KiM
;s&r-i
'svre