VOLLME XI.-NUMBER 1774.
CHARLESTON, FRIDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER I, 1871.
TME KU-KLUX TRIALS.
A CLOUD OF WITNESSES FOR THE DE
ff FENCE.
The Helga of Terror in the Cp-Coun
try-Bloody Threats of the Negro Mill
tia-The Organization Fairly Deft n
sive.
[SPECIAL TELEGRAM TO THE SEWS.J
COLUMBIA, S. C., December 15.
Ia the Ku-Klux trio's to-day the defence
produced overwhelming proofs, by many wit?
nesses, as to the terror among the whites of
the up-country at the time that the so-called
Ku-Klux organization existed. They showed
that Jem Williams, the negro captain of mili?
tia, had threatened to slay the whites "from
the cradle up," and to apply the torch. William
Bratten, a colored man, testified that he was a
lieutenant in Wllliams's company, and was re?
duced to the ranks because he could not agree
to the me rsures of aggression which Williams
proposed. He lrequently heard WilllamB
threaten to burn ont and kill the whites. The
defence asked lor further time in order to pro?
duce witnesses now on their wa*^ from York,
who wJU provj that the so-called Ku-Klux
was organized only for self-protection, and
had ceased to exist of ?self.
The testimony being closed; the pros3cu
tion brought forward rebutting evidence, and
ask :V.r time until to-morrow to prepare the
argument in the case. PICKET.
NOTES AND DETAILS RY MAIL.
T Evidence for the Defence-Caption*
Objection* of the Prosecuting Counsel
-The Incendiary Speeches of a Cap- J
tain of Negro "Mellsh."
[FROM OCR SPECIAL REPORTER.]
COLUMBIA, S. C., December 14.
The interest in the trial of Robert Hayes
Mitchell, of York County, now in progress In
the United States Circuit Court, on charges of
conspiracy, continues unabated, and lt any
thing increases a? the defence piles up the
testimony in refutation of the charges brought
against the prisoner.
The coun-room to-day was more densely
packed than on any preceding day, but strict
decorum was observed,, and as some point
thought by the prosecution to be well estab?
lished and of Importance was eliminated',
while looks of satisfaction could be seen in the
faces of a majority of the spectators, no dem
operations of applause were attempted as bad
been the case on previous days.
The defence put upon the stand a number
of witnesses who corroborated the teslimony
of Mrs. Juli* Rainey, given last evening, as to
the state of feeling among the people, and the
many^acts of incendiarism that marked the
pencil during which the prosecution claim
that a conspiracy existed among the white
Seople. It has been shown most conclusively
y both the white and colored witnesses, and
by ci>Izens of unimpeachable standing and
charact-r, not only in York County, but
throughout tbe State, that the people of that
county lived In a terrible state of fear and
trepidation, hardly knowing what a day might
bring forth; that many gin-nouses were burn?
ed, and that threats to burn clean and to kill
were made by prominent and leading colored
men. It appeared in the evidence given by
more than one colored man, that Jim Wil?
liams, thet captain of one of the militia compa?
nies, had threatened to kill "from the cradle
to the grave."
It was with much difficulty that the counsel
foj^he defence could proceed with their wit
ftflfel in several instances, on account of thc
frequent and flimby obje ions raised by the
prtSr'cuUoo as to relevi .vy or admissibility
of the damning evidence against their cause.
Thu-, much valuable time was wasted, and
Messrs. Stanberry and Johnson put lo unne?
cessary trouble to argue and answer the objec?
tions. But the truth will prevail, and piece by
piece, and link oy link, is being added to the
long. Increasing and unbroken chain of t> ali?
mony which ls to overthrow these stupendous
pr- Jects, undoubtedly concocted for political
effect.
In the examination to-day, the cross-exami?
nations of the colored witnesses for the de?
fence were conducted as if the guiding feeling
in the matter were one of chagrin at their
bein? democrats, and a determination was
evinced to break them down, If possible. In
the sight and estima'lon' of others of their
race, who may be of different political stripe.
This, however, was of no avail, and only
served to strengthen the testimony with all
who listened to ic
Among i he many witnesses examined for
the awfence was ex Judge R. B. Carpenter,
who testified as to the state of feeling in York
County during the last political campaign, he
having visited that place intercourse of bis
canvass of the State. His testimony went to
show most conclusively t har the people were
living in a continued feeling or insecurity,
and that this feeling was general and ex?
pressed. In answer to a question relative to
the objects of the Reform party, of which
party he was then the gubernatorial candi?
date. Judge Carpenter stated that lt had no
na'ional politcal significance, but was com?
posed of men ot different political proclivities,
whose only object was te secure a reform in
the State government; and further In reply to
a ouest'on to i hal eflVct, the Judge stated that
Its object was not to reform the Radloal party,
as that was conceded to be beyond reform.
Mr. John T. Bretton tes inert that Jim Wil?
liams said on the Friday before March that be
wa?going to kilt '-from the cradle up;" that
he gave no reason therefor, and at that lime
colored people were lying out armed about
the church at Yorkvllle.
Bill Lindsey, another colorer] man, gave
testimony equally as unimpeachable; al<*o
Daniel McLaw, colored, whose evidence was
ot like character.
Messrs. David Thomas, John R. Liwery and
others, gentlemen of Yotk County, gave their
testimony in unmistakable manner and
tMBis. Mr. Fudge testified that Jim Williams
h^kld him that If they (the colored people)
dlLHot carry ins election-referring tothe
October election-'hey would lay waste from
the cradle to the grave, and apply the torch In
every direction.
The delinee have not yet finished with
their testimony, and the probabilities are
that several more days may be occupied In
this Important ti lal. One thing ls certain, the
defence intend to get ut the truth-the bot
tom of the ma* ter.
The grand jury preFented true bills to-dav
again-# John A. Mitchell and others, John
Lyttle and others, and John- L. Parker and
others, all of York C< uniy. Tney found no
Bill against Bishop Sandlier and William
Thcmasson.
The petit Jury, in the case now on trial, ls
taken in charge by a deputy marshal and
kept together. _?
THE GENERAL ASSEMRLY.
Miscellaneous Work of Yesterday-Th?
Consideration of the Bowm Proann
ciamrnto Postponed to Monday-Pas?
sage of a Batch or Safety Bills.
[SPECIAL TELEGRAM TO THE J?EW8.]
COLUMBIA, S. C., December 15.
In the Senate Dixon introduced a new game
law, and Wbittemore introduced a resolution
to burn ail the Sute bonds on hand in the
treasury. Resolutions were adopted by both
houses Inquiring of th?> Governor what dispo?
sition had been made ol the agricultural land
scrip given by Congress to ihls State: also,
requiring the (-inking fund commissioners
to slate what public property and assets have
been Bold, and what amounts of money were
realized therefrom. The Senate passed the
bul to amend the charter of the Town of
freetown the bill to amend the act to regu
the manner of keeping and disbursing all
lands; the resolution to require the State
treasurer to make an exhibit of all bonds and
stocks Issued since September. I86S, under
pain of removal; the bill to amend section 279
ol the Code.
In the House notice was elven of a bill to
create the County of St. George from a por?
tion of Charleston County. The bill to appro?
priate $150,000 for per diem and mileage of
members and other expanses was passed; also
the bill to provide for the punishment of em?
bezzlement of public money, and the bill con?
cerning State and county treasurers. The
consideration of the report of Bowen's finan?
cial committee was postponed to Monday.
PICKET.
BOWEN'S FINANCIAL THUNDERBOLT.
An Unpleasant Surprise-The Report of
Bowen's Committee, and their Charges
against the State OBlcials Warm
Work Expected-A Characteristic Dis?
cussion-The Case of Jurist: Thomas,
COLUMBIA, S. C., December 14.
In the lower branch-of the General Assem?
bly this morning there came a thunderbolt
out of a clear sky In the shape of Bowen's
report declaring an over-issue of six million
dollars of bonds, denouncing the perpetra?
tors of the fraud as thieves and law-breakers,
and intimating that the debt of the State
footed up to the enormous;flgure ol twenty-two
million d' lars. The tone ofthe report caused
no little sensation, since lt had been'very
generally understood that the ten thousand
doliars said to have been employed by Treasu?
rer Parker early last Saturday morning lo
draw the fangs of the pugnacious Bowen had
effectually accomplished that purpose, and the
fact that Bowen has been eversince "roaring
as gently as a sucking dove" had been gene
rally accepted as confirmation o? that asser?
tion. The report came up at an early hour of
the day, upon tho call of epecial committees,
and is as follows:
The Committee's Report.
The committee appointed under the resolu?
tion authorizing an investigation Into the al?
leged over-is-ue or sute bonds hare bad the
same under consideration, and beg leave to
submit the following report:
The whole amount ofthe bonded debt ofthe
State, as shown by the report of the comp?
troller-general on the 31st October, 1868. was
$5,407,306 27, exclusive of what ls known ns
the war debt. To this amount add the bonds
issued to redeem the bills of the Bank or the
State $1.258,500, making Ihe old debt $6,665,
856 27. To this amount theres was during the
years 1869 and 1870 added $500,000 In bonds to
redeem bille receivable and $500,000 In bonds
which bad been issued to pay interest on pub?
lic debt and had been sold by the financial
agent, making the bonded debt of the State
on the 31st October, 1870, $7,665.856 27. Thero
was also at the same time in the hands ofthe
financial agent $1,000,000 of bonds for the re?
lief of the treasury, $500,000 to pay Interest
on public debt, and $700,000 land commission
bonds, making a crand total ol $9.665,856 27,
and showing tim only $3,200,009 new bonds
have been Issued up to 31st of October, 1870,
to wit:
Bonds to redeem bills receivable. $500.ooo
Bonds to pay interest on public deit.... 1.000,000
Bonds for relief or the treasury. l,oco,oou
Land commission bouda. 700,000
Total.... $3.200,000
According to the Bworn statement ot the
State treasurer, there are now signed and out?
standing $9.514.000 of new State bonds. De?
duct front ibis amount the $3,200,000 that were
out on the 31st October. 1870, and we find
that $6,314.000 have been signed and put upon
the market, which, in the opinion of your com?
mittee, ls an over-Issue.
Thia concludion is arrived at after a careful
investigation and clo-e scrutiny ot thc ads
under which it ls claimed the authority was
derived for issuing said bonds.
'First. Under an act to authorize a ban lo
redeen: the obligation known as. thc bil's re?
ceivable ot the State ol South Carolina, ap?
proved August 26th. 1868, ihe Governor of tho
Sta e was authorized te borrow, within twelve
months from the passage of the act, a sum not
exceeding $500,000, or as much thereof as he
might deem necessary to redeem said bills.
?eco nd. u mi er un act to authorize a State
loan to pay interest' on the public debt, ap?
proved August 2Gth, 1868, the Governor was
authorized io borrow within twelve months
from the passage of the act a sum not exceed?
ing $1.000,000," or as much thereof as he might
deem necessary lo pay the interest on the pub?
lic debt.
These two acts were amended by an act ap?
proved March 26th, 1869, extending the time
therein limited during which said loans might
be negotiated "to twenty-four months, from the
passage of the said acts," to wit: the 26th
August. 1868.
Tnird. Under an aa to authorize a loan for
the relief of the treasury, approved 17th Feb?
ruary, 1869, authority was given to borrow
within twelve months one million of dollars, or
as much thereof as might be deemed necessary
for t he relief of t he treasury of the Stale.
The act authorizing a loan for tho relief of
the treasury expired on the 17th of February,
1870. and the acts to auihcrlze a loan to re?
deem the bills receivable and to pay the in?
terest on ihe public debt expired on the 26th
day of August, or ihe same year, aud on the
31st October, 1870, the State treasurer's report
to the comptroller central shows that only
$3,200,000 new bonds were outstanding, l?ad-
lng your committed to the conclusion that the
amount deemed necessary according to the lan?
guage of the above acts had been obtained by
the issuing of lhat amount la bonds, and, if
said amounis had not been negotiated up to
that lime, then no authority existed under the
law for the funher isme ot State bouds. This
position your committee thinks is proven by _
the passage of the act amending the two act?
approved 26th August. 1868, for in those acts
Hie lime originally allowed In which to nego?
tiate ihe amount required was twelve months.
A su?eient amount not having been obtained,
it was deemed necessary to apply to the Gen-
erai Assembly for an act extending the lime
twelve months longer.
Your commMee thinks that Ihe act opprov-
ed March 23, 1869, providing for the con ver-
sion of Sui'e securities, rous not intended lo
be used for the purpose of increasing the
S;ate debt, but solely lor tho object named in i
Hie act, '-The con ve i sion of some outstanding
?warily." wh'ch, when converted, should be
retained In the treasury as a voucher for the j
conven-lon bonds issued; but.if this act could
pt ssibly be construed iuto the issuing of bonds
to negotiate loans authorized uuder ihe acts
above referred to. the expiration of the lirai-
tations contained therein would certainly pre-
c ude such a con-ttuciion.
The above are all the acts authorizing the
issue of bonds for any purpose save those for
redeeming the bills of the Bank ot the State j
and creating a sterling loan. The bonds ls-
sued under the first ot thc last named*acts
have been charged to the old debt, and the
others are said to bc in the bunds ol the
American Bank-Note Company in the City of
New Yotk.
The law requires the 8tate treasurer to re-
port toihe compirol.er-genera1, at the end of
every mnnih. the financial condition of'the
State, and il was in pursuance ot i his law, your i
committee presumes, ihat he made the report
on the 3181. October. 1871, flxlnir the amount
of new b m ls then out at $3.200.000. The tes- i
tlmonyorihe comptrol.er-geiieral. taken by
the committee, shows that, ali hough the
treasurer has made a report to him at the end
of every mont h, sine* the ubove dat up to
September, 1871, yet he has tailed in those re- 1
Eorts to give any account ora further Issue of i
onds, and there Is no information In the
comptroller-general's office, according to his
sworn testimony, that ihe State debt has been
increased.
Ii other evidence was required of thia over?
issue, lt ls contained 11 the testimony of his
Excellency the Governor, who states that
he has signed and delivered to the State
treasurer bonds f r the conversion ofthe
$700,000 Issued by the lind commission;
also thc $1,000,000 for the relief of the treasu?
ry, and a large portion of these to pay the in?
terest on ihe public debt. Yet all or nearly
all ot said bonos are out as a portion ol the
Indebtedness of the Slate. Your committee
have reported the facts, and the laws under
which the bonds have been issued, and leel
Ing satisfied that the Stale baa been defrauded
by an over-ictsue of $6,314,000, would there?
fore respectfully recommend that this House'
take the necessary steps to hold accountable
those persons who have violated, tne law and
ruined the credit of the State.
(Signed) C. C. BOWE*.
Bm J. BY A ff,
G. H. FROST,
P. J. O'CONNELL,
W. H. JONES, Jr.
As soon as the report was read a motion
was made to postpone its consideration until
one P. M. to-morrow, to which motion an
amendment was offered requiring the com?
mittee to furnish also the teslimbny taken by
them in (heir investigations. The amend?
ment, however, was quietly beaded off by the
speaker, who should really be called the com?
manding officer of the House Instead ot its
presiding officer, and the original motion was
carried without much opposition. An excited
debate may, therefore, be expected to-morrow
afternoon, and, from some of the remarks
dropped by the members to-day, it may be in?
ferred that Mrssrs. Scott and Parker are to be
bandied without gloves.
A considerable amount of other business
was transacted by the House, of which the
most important ls as follows:
The engrossing committee reported back the
bill empowering probate judges to issue exe?
cutions, and it was passed by the House and
sent to thc Senate for concurrence. The bill,
as passed, declares that from and after the
passage of this act, the Judges of the probate
court, rn the several counties in this State,
may, and are fully authorized and empower?
ed to, issue execuiioo, when that is the nee?s.
sary and proper process to carry into effect
anv order, sentence or decree of such conn.
The Joint resolution rel-ding to bonds and
Blocks now in the hands of the State treasurer
was received from tho Ser?ale and passed by
the HOUSP. This resolution Is as follows:
SECTION 1. Tnat the committee on finance
of I.b.? Senate,'and the committee on ways and
means of the Hons-: be, and they are hereby,
authorized ard directed to call on the State
treasurer and ascertain, by actual count, the
number and elis* of bonds now ia his pos?
session, s'gned und uns'gned, and to take pos?
session of the same, and deposit them In
some bank io be chosen by them, aDd lo take
receipts therefor, which receipts shall specify
the number and class of bonds so deposited,
and report the same to ihe rejective boutes;
and that the Stale treasurer be, and ls hereby,
directed to deliver said bonds on the applica?
tion of said committee.
8EC. 2. That the 6ald committee bp. and
they are hereby, auihorized and Instructed lo
take the necessary steps to obttln from the
American Bank-Note Company, In the City of
New York, the six million (6,000,000) ol' ster?
ling loan bonds now in the r possession, and
to deposit the '.-ame as above indicated.
Tne last section of this resolution, as will be
noticed, is to some extent rendered superflu?
ous by the fact already reported by tele?
graph, that the sterling loan bonds have lo?
uey been received in Columbia upon th? Joint
requisition ol Scott and Parker; but the sec
tlou will. I suppose, he operative as to the
disposal, to be made of the bonds.
Next came one of the charact-rls.lc discus?
sions of this body upon ihe Senate concurrent
resolution to adjourn from December 22 to
January 5. Tarions amendments were off-r?
ed, all of them looking to the extension of the
holiday, and various and malignant were the
personalities Indulged in thereupon. A fair
sample was when one honorable gentleman,
who was In favor of prolonging the recess,
declared, as one of his reason?, that lt took
him a long time togetlrom Columbia io his
home; and another honorable gentleman re?
torted that If the "honabb e gemman's land?
lady was arter him wid a board bill, he'd dine
git*liome In fu' hours." The speaker ruled
that lt was unparliamentary to lutlmate that
the gentleman had not paid his boord bill, and
the resolution Anally pussed in the same shape
that it came from Hie Senate.
A bill of some impoitance was Introduced
by Hurley, and ls understood lo be very likely
lo pass. It ls entitled "A bl.I to require all
bonds and stocks of thc Stat? of South Caroli?
na to be registered at the office ot the Stat*
treasurer, and.it requires the holdeis cf ?ll
bonds, stocks and securliics of the mat? to
cause ihe same to be registered In books, to
be provided for lhat purpose, in th? office of
the State treasurer, within ninety days after
the passage of the act, and Hie Slate treasurer
and State financial agent ure prohibited lrom
lining the coupons or paying ihe Interest of
any bonds not registered In accordance with
thu act, after the t-xpiration of the said ninety
days."
Aller some unimportant business thc
House took up the special order lor two
o'clock, which was thc consideration of the
address and resolution relative to Hie request
to his Excellency the Governor to remove
Judge Thomas, of the Si xi h Circuit. Judge
Thomas made lils appearance at the bar ol
the House, and declared bis readiness to meet
the charges that had been brought against
him. The charlies and testimony were thru
read by the clerk amid sundry Interruptions
lrom Jamison ana a few others, who evident?
ly did not appreciate this formality since !t In?
termitted tor the time their perpetual and
pestilential talking. The speuker Insisted,
however, that the proceedings would be In?
formal and without legal effect if the charge
and lormer action were not read, and the
talkers were silenced. The charge ls simply
that Judge Thomas did not reside in thc
circuit to which he belongs, and the testimony
ls lhat taken before the Joint committee at the
lost session in support of that charge. The
members did not, however, appear to take
much interest In the proceeding?, and after a
little pettifogging Tim Hurley made a coup
?tat by moving the Indefinite postponement
Df the whole matter, which motion was
?greed to, and thus ihe etulre movement
against Judge Themas was effectually dlspt sed
of, ami his seat secured lo him at least until
the first of next July.
The Senate also accomplished a considera?
ble amount ol work, n'though it was only In
session about one hour. Dr. Hayes intro?
duced a bili that would seem to have been in?
spired by thu Irrepressible humorist, T. J.
Mackey. Tom declured the ol her day that the
ouly" measure to come before the Assembly
lins wini, r, in which he wa* at all interested,
was a bill which would shortly be Introduced
lo rrovlde that the members' prorc?-sory
notes at ninety-nine years time, wah ihrec
per cent, interest, should be mude leg,il lend?
ers to -the extent of three thousand dollars
puch in payment of taxes, and he defended
the proposition on thu ground thatmoH ol
Ihe Radicals, outside ol a eenuin select circle,
were, like himself, very poor but eminently
honest, and that thia mensure would rob j
nobody but the thieves, ano would make the
honest and industrious legislators very happy.
Acting as lt would seem upon this hint, nr.
Hayes introduced to-day a bill to uuthor.ze
ihe county treasurers to receive lhe pay cer?
tificates ol' raembeis ol' the General A?serobly
it par in the payment of all tuxes due or to
uecome due the State, and I am told that this
hid will certainly get votes enough to curry it
triumphanily over ihe Governor's veto, w?ich
is of com se expected.
Other bills were Introduced ns follows: To
Incorporate the Carolina Oil Company, of Co?
urabi?, willi a capltil of *50,000 lu nne-huu
ired del ar shares, and willi Wm. Maultinis,
E. Hope, R. G. Shiver, S. M. Leaphait and
lohn Agnew os corporators, inc business of ihe
jompauy being the manufacture ol cotton seed '1
oil.
To erect a new courthouse for Richland
County, levying for that purpose a Bpecial tax
Df one and a half mills on ihe dollar, and to
?ell at public auction the present courthouse
lot in Columbia.
To repeal the sterling loan act.
To require the principal and Interest ot' State* j
bonds, &c. to be paid at the couuter of ihe
treasurer's office; and
To repeal an act authorizing the financial
agent to pledge the bonds, &c, of the State as
collateral security for loans.
Mr. WhitiemoreaiBO introduced a Joint reso?
lution requiring ihe clerks of ihe Senate and
House lo sell the statutes, Ac, which they
have been authorized to publish, (instead of
the cler-sof courts, as heretofore.)
The bill to create a S>ate board of health
was leferred to a commission composed of Dr.
E. S. J. Hayes, of the S?nateurs. O. M. Doyle
and B. A. Bnsemon, of the House, and Dre.
John T. Darby, A. N. Tally, G. 8. Trezevant
and R. W. Gibbes, to examine and report at
an early day as to its practicability.
_ PICKET.
ARRIVAL OF COTTON SHIPS.
_ LIVBRPOOL, December 15.
The following cotton ships have arrived
Newcastle, Indian Chief, Enoch Talbot, and
Ella 1 bayer.
The Corl?eos, from Savannah, brings 3690
bales.
REVIVING ROYALTY.
THE PRINCE OF WALES SLOWLY RUT
SURELT IMPROVING.
A Decided Chance for the Belter-Hear,
ty Cheering of the London Crowd
The Fever Spent its Strength.
LONDON. December 15-5 A. M.
The Prince of Wales ls decidedly better. He
takes food, and his [strength is increasing.
There are hopes of his continued progress to?
wards recovery. Crowds gather at the news
centres and cheer the favorable bulletins
heartily.
LONDON,'December 16-2 P. If.
The prospects of Wales'e recovery are hourly
trowing better. There Is Increased weakness
ut it ls believed the fever has spent its force
With increased quiet the patient ls gaining
strength.
SANDRINGHAM, December 15-8 A. M
Wales has liad a quiet night. There
symptoms of debility, but his condition may
be considered more favorable.
SANDRINGAAST, December 15-Noon
Wales continues tranquil, and slowly but
gradually improve?.
SANDRINGHAM, December 15-Half-past 5
Wnles was tranquil all the afternoon, and
the course pf the lever continues favorable
The Queen returns to Windsor to-morrow.
LONDON, December 15-3 o'clock
The summons of the Princess Victoria from
Berlin to Sandringham has been countermand
.ed. The extrem? ritualists refused to pray
Wsles's recovery without an order from their
bishop. This has caused a sensation.
NEW YORK NEWS AND GOSSIP.
NEW YORK. December 16
The committee ofthe Clearing House report
the National Bank ofthe Commonwealth to
solvent.
The police commissioners have rescinded
the order forbidding the International proc?s
sion on Sunday. A meeting of the Interna
tlonalists, held last night, adopted an addre
which says the cause of the working classes
who always iought for the liberties of the
downtrodden, was the cause of International
Ism. The resolutions declare sympathy with
the Cubans, and denounce the administra?
tion's attitude upon the Cuban question.
A meeting of doctors wa? held yesterday
take steps to secure legislative enactments
against quackery and abortion.
The sheriff has seized the New York Print
lng Company's establ'shment. and the New
York Manufacturing Stationer's office for one
hundred thousand dollars protested notes
the Ocean Bank.
CONGRESSIONAL DOINGS
WASHINGTON. December 15.
A caucus of Republican senators this morn
lng agreed to order the thorough examination
of all departments and branches ofthe service
Thc committee consists of Buckingham, Howe
H vat, Corlin, Stewart, Poole and Bayard.
In the House, the Boston and New York
merchants' petition for a reduction of the tariff
on rice was presented. A bill appropriating
four millions tor city and public buildings In
Chicago passed. Adjourned to Monday.
THE OLD WORLD'S NEWS.
LONDON, December 15.
The Times contradicts the report c
8chenck'8 recall.
Nearly all the striking telegraphers have re
sumed work.
The government has sent troops to Lon
donderry to suppress all outdoor demonstra?
tions.
THE HAVANA MASSACRE.
NEW YORK. December 15.
A private letter from Havana B iys It ls be
lloved there that the late Gpveinor Roberts
bfotherTjf the Spanish mThlsfcr at Washing
ton, caused the arrest of the students for the
purpose of extolling money from their
parents, andunexpeciedlv found himself un
ul>ie to control the Spanish mob.
TUE KU-KLUX ARRESTS.
[From the Yorkville Euqulrer.)
Since our report ol last Wednesday, only
one arrest has been made In this county by
Ihe military authorities-that of B. R.' T.
Bowen.
The following persons have been ordered to
Columbia during the past week, and recog
nized in bonds lortbelr appearance before the
court: 8. G. Brown, J. P. Herndon, A. A
Barron, 8. C. Sadler, W. H. Snider, W. D
Barnes.
There are now remaining In the Jail twenty
seven men.
[From the Chester Reporter.]
Since our?issue of the 30th ultimo all the
persons who were then In confinement In the
[all at this place on various charges of viola?
ting the enforcement act, have been released
on ball. On last Tiiursday Mr. John A. Brad?
ley, Jr., was rearrested on Ihe charge ol In
timidating the witnesses against him in refer
fnee to to the matter for which he had been
tlrst arrested.
On Monday last Mr. Thomas A'.verson was
arrested and committed to Jail, charged with
being one ot the murderers ot Bird McLure
Excepting these no new arrests have been
made.
THE STATE SUPREME COURT.
Thursday, December 14.
Present-Chief Justice Moses and Associate
lusllces Willard and Wright.
Charles M. Furman. trustee, vs. the Green
rille and Columbia Railroad Company. To. be
submitted on printed argument
Lawrence r. Campbell, receiver, vs. the
Bank of Charleston. Mr. Wnaley for appel
aoi; Mr. Seabrook for respondent; Mr. Con?
ner in replv.
Thomas S. Dupont et al vs. If. H. Collins.
Mr. Phillips was heard for appellant; Mr. Young
for respondent.
Mrs. E. L. Smith et al VP. Mrs. M. M. Gate
wood et al. Mr. Memminger was heurd for
ippellants; Mr. Stone for re-pondents.
Al three P. M. the court adjourned until
rjhurflday, December 21st, when the Third Cir?
cuit will be called.
THE WEATHER THIS DAY.
WASHINGTON, December 15.
The cloudiness will probably clear away for
i short, time on the south and middle Atlantic
:oast, followed on S iturday again by a falling
barometer, southwest winds and cloudy wea?
ber. The storm centre in Minnesota will
move eastward and souiheasiward, witli brisk
southwest winds on the lakes, and its influence
will extend to the Middle and Eastern States
by Saturday night. Southerly winds with ris?
ing temperature and cloudy weather will prob?
ably extend ever the Gull Siutes.
Yesterday's Weather Reports of the
Signal Service, C. S. A.-4.47 P. M.,
Local Time.
Place of
Observation.
Bfl
Augusta, Ga...
Baltimore.
Boston.
Charleston.
Uncagu.
Uiuelnnari.
Galveston.
Key West, Fla.
Knoxville, Tenn
Memphis, Tenn..
Mt. Washington.
New orleans....
New York.
Norfolk.
Philadelphia.
Portland. Me....
Savannah
St, Louts.
Was-hlogton,DG,
Wilmington,!? 0.
30. (.9
30.30
30. CO
10.01
19.6-2
30.10
80.21
20.97
30.02
30.1'
9.76
80.13
30.06
29
30.06
31.10
30.01
29.8*
30.04
30.02
THE PHENIX INSURANCE COMPANY'
Extracts from Chicago Papers.
[From tbe Chicago Republican, November 20
AK HONORABLE INSURANCE COMPANY.
To the general rnle of bad faith which has
characterized the Insurance companies, home
and foreign, In the settlement ol the claims
growing out ofthe recent fire, it is pleasant
to be able to point out an honorable exception.
Indeed the facts are so creditable to the com?
pany, that even in the case of an ordinary
fire, involving but moderate IOPH, they would
stand out In the bold relief as something new
in the history of insurance. We received a
note a few days ago from R. S. Crltchell, the
agent of the Pbenlx Insurance Company, of
Brooklyn, requesting a proof of loss, Ac, for
the settlement pf a policy. Our first Im?
pression was that this was a mistake-that
we had no policy in that company. On in?
quiry, however, we ascertained from the
gentleman through whom we had done all
our insurance for 1871-2, that there was an
old policy in our favor In the Phenlx, which
expired on the 12th of October, and which had
not been renewed orr the Gt h. when we rein?
sured our office in a dozen different com?
panies for an aggregate of $45.000. To all in-'
teats and purposes, and according to the gen?
eral usage of Insurance the Phenlx policy was
cancelled by the omission of the company
from the rest In the general renewal. The
facts were known to the agent; yet he declin?
ed lo take advantage of them. Not only so,
but while other companies, whose liability to
us is unquesiionable, are resorting to every
expedient lor delay and evasion, tile agent of
the Phenlx informs us that although our claim
has not yet been adjusted, we are at liberty to
"draw" upon him against the policy at any
time. Hereafter, when we have insurance to
do, we shall remember thc Phenlx, and we
hope the next great fire in Chicago will find
U3 with a claim of $50,000 against lt.
[From the Chicago Journal of Commerce, Nov. le.]
Thc Phenix Insurance Company, of Brook?
lyn, N. T., was the first to pay a loss occasioned
by the fire in tills city. Mcs-rs. William B.
?sten Co., New York, who have also a house
In Chicago under the firm name of Hart, As?
ten k Co.. were insured In the Phenlx, and
were the first to receive their insurance-re?
ceiving a draft of four thousand dollars for
the Chicano agency to reimburse them for the
loss they had sustained, finch prompt pay?
ment on the part of the Phenix can bnt raise
them In public estimation. All other losses
Incurred by this company will be paid, dollar
for dollar, as soon as adjusted, and they will
still have a large reserve. The Pbenlx has
now proven Its stability, and the fact will un?
doubtedly be remembered. Messrs. William
B. Asten Sc Co. had their entire property in
Chicago destroyed, but they were fortunate In
having several Invoices of goods on the way,
and with these they were able to begin busi?
ness again almost Immediately. The payment
of their Insurance helped them greatly.
[From the Chicago Trlnune, November IS.]
A WORTHY EXAMPLE.
The Phenlx Insurance Company, of Brook?
lyn, as ls shown in another column, did a very
sensible thing about Its losses, namely, sent
currency here to Its agent to pay Its small
policy-holders before the banks were open.
This action, no doubt, prevented considerable
distress, and is worthy of all commendation.
SPARKS FROM THE WIRES.
-The Wabash has arrived safely at Cadiz,
with all well on board.
-John Ware was hung yesterday, at Cam?
den, New Jersey, for the murder of his lather.
-The snow was ten inches deep in Rich?
mond, Va., yesterday.
-Snelling, who was shot by Montelro, in
Richmond, va., may recover.
-The small-pox tn New York is decreasing.
Eight have been taken from the Brooklyn Or?
phan Asylum to the small-pox hospital.
-The bonds of the Mississippi Central Rail?
road, due August 1, (endorsed by the South?
ern Railroad Association,) were protested In
Augusta, Ga., yesterday.
-The Jersey City postofflce was robbed of
two thousand dollars In money and three buu?
el red dollars in postage stamps, on Thursday
night.
-Charles Miller, of the firm of Miller. Ward
A Co who was sentenced In 1869, in Boston,
to five reara' imprisonment and to pay a fine
of $100,000 for defrauding the government,
has been pardoned and the fine remitted.
iF?rtili??rs.
g O L U B L E
PACIFIC GUANO.
PRICE, $45 CASH, WITH USUAL ADVANCE
FOR TIME.
Experience tn the use or this GUANO for the
past six years In this State, tor Cotton and Corn,
hai.Ro far established its character for excellence
as to render comment unnecessary.
In accordance with the established policy of the
Company to furnlsn the best Concentrated Ferti?
lizer at the lowest cost to consumers, this Guano
ls put Into market this season at the above re?
duced price, which the Company ls enabled to do
by reason o' Its large facilities an t the reduced
cost of manurscture.
The supplies put Into market this season are. as
heretofore, prepared under the personal superin?
tendence of Dr. St. Julian Ravene), Chemi'.t of
the Companv, at Charleston. S. C., hence planters
may rest assured t: at its quality and c imposition
ls precisely the same ns that heretofore sold.
At the present low price, every acre planted
can t e fertilized with 200 pounds Guano ata cost
not exceeding the prese t value of 80 pounds of
cotton, while experience has shown thar, under
favorable condition of season and cultivation, the
crop la increased by the ap llcatlon from two to
three fold the natural capacity of the soil, hence
under no condition could its application fall to
compensate for the outlay.
Apply to J. N. ROBSON,
Agent Pacific Guan*) Company.
Nos. GS East Ray aud 1 and 2 Atlantic Wnarf,
Charleston, a. C.
J.'lflN s. REESE J[ CO., General Agents.
nov27-3mosPAc
pACIFIC GUANO COMPANY'S
COMPOUND
ACID PHOSPHATE OF LIME,
FOR COMPOSTING WITH COTTON SEED.
PRICE-$25 CASH, WITU USUAL ADVANCE FOR
TIME.
This article ls prepared under the superintend?
ence of Dr. ST. JULIAN RAVENEL, expressly for
Composting with Cotton seed.
It was introduced hy this Company two years
ago, and Its use has fully attested its value. 200
to 260 pounds of this article per acie, operty
composted with the same weight- of cottun seed,
furnishes the planter wltn a Fertilizer or the high?
est excellence at the smallobt cos?. A Compost
prepared with thH article, aa by printed direc?
tions furnished, contains ail the elements of fer?
tility that can enter Into a First C a-s Fertilizer,
while its economy must commend Its ll- eral use
to planters For supplies and printed directions,
for Composting, applv to J. N. HOBSON,
Agent Pacido Guano Company,
Nos. 03 East Bay and l and 2 >t>antlc Wharf.
Chai lesion, S. C.
JNO. 8. REESE A CO., General Agents.
UOV27-3moSDAC _
O PLANTERS.
OYSTER SHELL LIME, THE MOST VALUABLE
RENOVATOR OF LAND KNOWN.
300,000 bushels of SHELL LIME for sale, deliv?
ered on any of the navigable rivers of South
Carolina or Georgia, at thirteen cents per bushel,
or five dollars per ton, bags extra.
BOWEN A MERCER,
Lime Burners, No. 61 South Gay street,
nov26-swlmo Baltimore.
pURE GYPSUM
Containing NINETY-NINE AND TWO-THIRDS
(9113,) PUR CENT. Soluble Matter. Warranted rm
from all impurities. Prepared In 1 lils -jr. and
for sale at the low price of KIF/VI... DOLLARS
per tun, CAML JOHN ll. HOLMES,
Commission Mere nant,
noviT-: Charleston, s. C.
OFFICIAL.
LIST OF LETTERS remaining in the Postofflce
at Charleston, for the week ending December 16,
1871, and printed officially in THB DAILY News,
aa the newspaper having the largest circulation
in the City or Charleston.
MW Persons calling for Letters Advertised
should state that they are "Advertised."
_STANLEY 0. TROTT. Postmaster.
WOMEN'S LIST.
Ahrens, MrB An Graham, Emlley McPherson, Mrs
na Graham, Mrs BM
Aiken, Sarah A Wm McLellan. Mollie
Albers, MrsT 0 Hall, Ann Neal, Mrs W
Amalr, Amanda Havne. Mrs WJ A
Anderson, Mary Haselden, Mrs Nelson, Mrs
Ames, Mrs M J EA Mary
Aytes, Urs Jas Haselton, Pan- Nixson. Emma
E Hoe North, Sallie A
Bainbridge, Hanahan, Urs R Norman, Miss
Carrie B Maggie
Barton, Laura Hay wood,Ml ss D Oetjen, Mrs J
Bar, Mary A Hail, Eliza Ohland. Mrs A
Beard, Car lina Hays, Sarah S Oaelll, Ellen
Beaty, Mahaiej Hamilton, Oath Parsons, Mary
Bennett, Mrs erlne Patterson, Jolla
Catherine Hencken, Matu Pa un too, .Annie
Bennett, Mrs A da E
J Hearlot, Mrs E Parr, Miss Mary
Bergen, Mrs Ell? A Pelplfr. Cattle
za Hendrix, Miss Perry, Jane W
Becalie, Emelie Sarah P. rrv, Oliver
M Heaer, Emiline Perthln, Dian
Bliss, Alice Uernandez.Laa- nah
Bloom, Mrs ra E Randell, Miss
Brain, Henry E Hicks, Lizzie Julia
Broughton, Hlgslus, Eliza- Rain, Ame la
Mary Francis beth Ray, Catherine
Bra-ley, Magpie Holmes, Maggie R
Brenby, Francis Hoydt, Ju la D Riley, James
Brener, Celia neighes, Miss s Rlchburg, Mrs M
Ann R S
Brown, Henrlet- Hntcheron, Ra Rolilson, Sarah
ia chel B berton, Mary
Brown, Margret Jackson, Betsy Robinson, Miss
Brlssoa, Lucre Jenken, Maria Minnie J
tia Rena Jervey, Carrie Robinson, Celia
Bull, Leadge Jlmlson, Mrs M Rodgers, Mrs M
Butler, Leah Jlnklns, Sarah 0
Hurte, Miss A M Johns, Cathe- Rim, Mrs 0
Burns. Miss T rlne Ryan, Mrs Mary
Boms. Mrs M L Jones, Rosa Bell Sevra o ur, Mrs
Rucannon, Julia Johnson, Mar- WW
Calloway,Sarah tha Sehesan, Marla
A Johnson, Pan- Shakes, Marie
Camlnade, Miss, line Sheppard, An
M J Johnson, Jolla nie
Calhoun. Miss Johnstone. Jen- shannahan, Sn
Lcnty nette san
Cameran. Susan King, Marla J Singleton, Mrs
Calent?n. Eliz i Ku ox. Ellen RA
Came l, Mrs R S Knight, Mary Sklnnls, Mrs S
Chaplin, Jose- Ann M
phlne Kruse, Miss L 0 smlthler, Char
Chase, Miss M J Lanier, Cathe- lotte
Ublsolm. Mrs E rlne Sims, Mrs F M
Cohen, Del a Larcomb, Susan slattery, Miss
Coker, Emma J Ladson, Mrs Annie
Coates, Sarah J Marx Smith, Eliza J
cornelina, Eliza LR-CD, Mrs Wm Smith, Char.
beth LePrince, Mad- lotte
Cochrame, An amolseile Smith, Annie
ne E Lombardo, Mar- Smith, Mrs 0 J
Conner, Mrs J S gret Salth,Mrs Isaac
Cross, Mary Lui ge. Ester ll
Decosta, Eliza Lyle, KateB Snip -a, Miss Al
Dalglish. Miss M Matheson, Ell berteen
A zabeth Spencer, firs N
Dcveanx, Rosi Magrath. Mary T
Dennis, Sarah Mazyck, Char St Clair, Moller
Dennis, Annett lotte Thompson, Mrs
DeLangsare, Martin, Miss TA P
Mary Maranda, Mrs Thompson, Mrs
Dickerson, Mrs Mane Alfred
Annie Maynardle, Mrs Townsend, Bo
Dm. Mrs o j ii W phlanna
Dodd3, Elisa- Manson, Han- Virgin, Erne?
uern nah line
Doe, Miss Mamie Mayrant. Kate Ward, Miss E
Durant, Louisa Mearie. Hager H
A Meso, Cornelia Werthpal, Sarah
Raton. Miss L li Makell, Marla J
Eir, Catherine Miller, Harriett Welch, Sarah E
Evans, Minnie S Welch, Elisa W
Pl nicy. Mrs Miller, Rebecca Webb, Mrs M M
Fanni'; Mitchell, Miss J Wellington, Miss
Flrz-dmons, Mrs P MS
Q P Minott, Miss Jo West, Emma
Flemnl, Mary sepblne Whaley, Mary
Franst, S Misson, Mrs A Wleters, Alice
Fuller, Eliza- Middleton, Mrs williams, Emma
beth D A Williams, Eller
Oates, Mary Morse, Alice J
Gardner, Har-Molony, Mary wisson, Marv
rlett Moroso, Harriet Wingate, Har
Oeflty, Kate Morant, Celia J riet
Gibb-, Koxlna Mo tv rey, Mar- Winslow, Jarla
Globs, Emma gret A
Gibbs, Sarah Morehead, Ade- W?lling, Mrs F
Gibbs, anna Eil- line C
za McGrath, Mrs A Woodward, Mrs
Grllllih, Mary M A E
Jane Mciver, Fannie Young, Mrs
Grant Elizabeth McFerson, Em- Yoong, Etta
Grant. M r li a J ma
MEN'S LIST.
Abner, April
Artope, Charles
A ul Ht on. Jno
Barnwell, W M
Bell, James H
Bell, John
Bishop, Stephen
0
Binns, John
Black, J L
Blake. Abraham
Bond, B A
Boukolght, J H
Bradley, Aaron
Brown, George
Brown, Einer
Brown, J H
Brown, J T
B unges, Wm
Brevard, H T
Brian, Friday
Butler, E J
Burke, James
Burns, Capt J
D
Burns, George
Burns, Samuel
campbell, Wm
Canes, Ben
(coi'd)
Carney, John
Cammaun,
Claus
Capers. H B
Cox, John D
Cole, ThOS 0
Cochran, Robt
Cochran, Ste?
phen
Corcoran, J L
Collins, G u
cn bett, James
corbett, Patrick
Granton, H
Darcy, Mr
Dal3C, Mingo
Dapay, W a
Devine, Ste?
phen
Dinon, Wm Mc
Leati
Draper, Rich?
ard
Drucie, Leon
Du vu, W H
Duncan, A A
Son
Duffle, P
Edwards, Wm
Edwards, John
Erwin, J F
Ferguson,
Cadet J F
Ferguson, Wm
Fisher, Henry
Friend, John
Franh, T
F ram oes. II C
Fripp. James
O.ilnott, Jos H
Glover. L F
G ins,(care or
P s Brown)
Goudkopp, I
?loetiing, O
Greene, J F
Greene, J S
Greene, James
Grant, Rev J
S
Hawkins, Capt
T
Hartman,
John
Hackermann,
Mr
Haden, James
M
Hauser, Jno A
tl arg aves,
Klchard
Hall. Jno
Haine, J B
Hasenmlver
Phillip
Haven, Katha
niel A
Holmes, W B
Howell, L H
Johnson, Jno S
Ja?er, J H
Jones. Alfred
Henry
Jones. 'Abraham
Kelly G i>
enney, J J
Kimball, B
Kimball. F J
Klur, Jehl?l
K?ster. Phillip
Knhnahrene,
Peter
Kruger, Frede
rich
Krauss. B
Kroesen, Isaiah
Lawton, W 0
Langley, Dr
Samuel
Lawrence,
George
Llarena, Man?
uel
Lasker, Meyer
Laron-seltere
WL
Lee, Klcnard
(cord)
Lewis, Charles
A
Lovett, Wm G
Low rey, Wm
McD
L udett, Fred
J
nanning,
James
Mathews, wil?
liam
Madden, Chris
t"Dher
Marshall, W
Mates, Dan
Ma-on, Patriot
Maloney, Thom
Mann, Mr
(Jeweller)
Meynardle. B P
Mel.ara, J P
Meyers, st?bert
never. L A
Miles, John
Mitchell, Capt
J M
Mitchell, ?mart
Mlsshow, Mor?
ris
Molloy, John
McCan'B, T M
Mc lacMln,
Abram
McKrlerl?r,
George
McClain. Dan?
iel
McNally, Pat?
rick
V'sii, Fed
(cord)
Nlsblt, Apsy
Mne:eenth Cen?
tury, T B T
O'Brien, Corne?
lius
O'conner, Mr
Phi lips, lianes
Powell, J W
Posner, F 0
Porcher, Dr J
Quinn, N A
Heede, A J
Rel 8 B
Reeves, WO
it ich Td?, H
Rivers, Q W
Robertson, Ed
ward
Robertson, M..
(ou the
police)
Robinson, Na?
than
Rutledge, Par?
ker
Ruff. Aaron
(cul'd)
Scott, Berg?
man
Seebergrr, H
Marmons, Jack
Sulkier. C St G
?kinner, A J
Slat ery, PM
Smith, Mathias
..-tilth, J
Sprain, Wm
(coi'd)
stewart, James
L
Strauss, Emil
Stuck.ev, Juc -b
sutiln, Henry
Taylor. H L
Trescott, Paul
UJerhuslot
Viermann, Ida
Ver-en. P L S
Walker. Mr
(Water st)
Walker, James
Waldo, BFA
Wienholtz. Fred
wigciDs, Cyrus
WHeon. Primus
(coi'd)
witherspoon,
Isaac
Witkouskl, S
Wurley, J C
AW Persons depositing letters in the Postofflce
will please place the stamp near the upper right
hand corner or the envelope, and they will al8'>
please to remember that without the stamp a le'
ter cannot be mailed, but will be sent to the Dead
Letter Office.
Notices in ?ankrnptcrj.
IN THB DISTRICT COURT OF THE
UNITED STATES, FOR THB I'ISTRICT OF
?u ur ii CAROLIN**.-lu the matter or JAMES
ERWIN KI>G, Bankrupt, by whom a petition lor
adjudication or Bankruptcy was flied on the
FOUKTH OAT OF SBPTEXBBR, A. D. 1871, in said
Court-In Bankruptcy.-Tula ls to pl e notice that
ontiie 7ui day ol Decemuer. A. D. "571, a war?
rant In Bankruptcy was lssned again:.-, the estate
el J AM ks Ei.WIN KING, or-. In the County
or Ken-haw, aud State or South Carolina,
who hos been adjudged a Bankrupt ou nts
own petltlun; that the payment or any debts and
delivery or any property beloncln/ to said Bank?
rupt, to him or for bis use. and the ti anster or
any property by hin, are forbidden by law; that a
meeting of the Creditors or the said lankropt,
to prove their debts, and to choose one or more
Assignees ot hu s?tate, will be held at a Court
of Bankruptcy, to be holden at No. 72 Broad
street, ChaneBton, Som h Carolina, ticr->re J
0. CARPENTER, Registrar, on the twentieth
day ol December, A. D. 1871, at 12 o'clr ok M.
L. E. JOHNSON,
United States Marshal, as riessenger.
dec9-s2
f?dmbolb's Snrrjn,
M A. TV H O OD
IN THE
M?l&B?MGElR?TION
The vegeta t i ve cowers of life are atroaf, bat lo
a few years how often tbe pallid'hoe, the lack-las'
t re eye, and emaciated foros, show their baneful
Influence.- It soon becomes ?vident to the observ?
er tbat some depressing influence ls checking tb?
development of the body. Consumption ls talced
or, and perhaps the youth is removed from school
and sent into the country. This is one of the
worst movements. Removed from ordinary di?
versions of the ever-changing scenes of the city,
the powers of the body, too mach enfeebled
give zest to health rai and rural exercise, thoughts
are turned inwardly npon themselves.
If the patient bea female the approach of the
menses ls looked for with anxiety as the first
symptom in which naturels to show her saving
power in diffusing the circulation and visiting the
cheek with the bloom of health. Alas I increase
of appetite has grown by what lt fed on. The
energies of the system are prostrated, and the
whole economy ls deranged. The beautiful and
wonderful period In which body and mind under?
go so fascinating a change from child to woman
ls looked for in vain. The parent's heart bleeds
in anxiety, and rannes the grave bat waiting for
Its victim.
HELMBOLD'8
EXTRACT BUCHXJ,
FOB WEAKNESS ARISING FROM EXCESSES
OR FARLY INDISCRETION,
attended with tba following symptoms: INDIS?
POSITION TO EXEBTION, LOSS OF POWER,
LOSS OF MEMORY, DIFFICULTY OF BREATH?
ING, General Weakness, Horror of Disease, Weak
Nerves, Trembling, Dreadful Horror of Death,
Night Sweats, Cold Feet, Wakefulness, Dimness of
Vision, Langor, Cn l versal Lassitude of the Muscu?
lar syetem, often Enormous -Appetite with Dys?
peptic Symptoms, Hot Hands, Flushing of the.
Body, Dryness of the Skin, Pallid countenances
and Emptions, on the Face, Pain In the Back,
Heaviness of the Eyelids, FreqnenUy Black Spots
flying before the Byes, with temporary Suffusion
and Loss of Sight, Want of Attention, Great Mo?
bility, Restlessness, with Horror of society.
Nothing is more desirable to suoh patients than
Solitude, and nothing they more dread, for fear
of themselves; no repose of manner, no earnest*
ness, no s pee a lat lon; bat a hurried transition
from one question to another.
THESE SYMPTOMS, DP ALLOWED TO GOOK
-WHICH THIS MEDICINE INVARIABLY RE?
MOVES-SOON FOLLOW LOBS OF POWER,
FATUITY AND EPILEPTIC FITS, ?N OSE OF
WHICH THE PATIENT MAY EXPIRE.
Daring the Superintendence of Dr. WILSON at
the RLOOMINGDALE ASYLUM, tiffs sad result
occurred to two patients. Benson bad for a time
left them, and both died of epilepsy. They were
of both sexes, and about twenty years of age.
Who can say that their excesses are not fre?
quently followed by those direful diseases, IN
SANITY and CONSUMPTION The records of the
INSANE ASYLUMS, and the melancholy deaths by
Consumption, bear ample witness to the troth of
these assertions. In Lunatic Asyl ams the most
melancholy exhibition appears. The countenance
la actually sodden and quite destitute; neither
mirth nor grief ever visita it. Should a sound of
the voice occur lt ls rarely articulate.
With wofal measures wan despair
Low sullen sounds their grief beguiled."
While we regret the existence of the above dis?
eases and symptoms, we ore prepared to offer aa
invaluable gift of chemistry for the removal of
the consequences.
HELMBOLD'8
EXTRACT BUCHU
AND
IMPROV ED ROSE WISH
Cares secret and delicate disorders In all their
stages, at little expense, little or no change in
diet, BO Inconvenience, and no exposure. It la
pleasant in taste and odor, immediate in Its ac?
tion, tree from all injurious properties, superse?
ding Copaiba and all other nause?os Compounds.
H ELM BOLO'S
FLUID EXTRACT OF BUCHU.
There ls no tonk like lt. It ls an anchor or hope
to the physician and patient. This ls the testi?
mony of all who bare used or prescribed it.
Beware of conuterfelts and tho?e cheap decoc?
tions called Pachn, most of which are prepared
by self-styled doctors, from deleterious ingre?
diente, and offered for sale at "less price" and
Urger bottles," Ac. They are unreliable and
frequently injurious.
Ask for Helmbold's. Take no
Other.
PRICE SI 23 PER BOTTLE. OR SIX
BOTTLES FOR S6 30.
Delivered to any address. Describe symptoms tn
all communications.
HELMBOLD'S
GENUINE PREPARATIONS,
Established upward of twenty years, prepared by
H. T. HELMBOLD,
PRACTICAL AND ANALYTICAL CHEMIST,
No. 594 Broadway, Ne-- Torfe,
AND
Bo. 101 South Tenth Street, Philadelphia, Ps.
?-Sold br DrugSfUts Ever y where.-"fia
novS-waSmoa