THE CHAM) HIKE .tLE\|s.
The young son of the Ciesars has touched
our republican shores! In the person of
the third son of its Emperor the people of
the "coming race" on one side of the globe
send friendly greeting to the "coming race"
whoso influence extends over the other
side. The descendant of Peter the Great
who becomes tho guest of the great Repub
lic, is a young Prince of the sovereign race
whose claim to direct descent from the con
quering Ciusara of Ttaly and the East has
been affirmed by historians and poets of the
great Sclavonian land, whose iron sway
over 8,000,000 square miles of the earth's
surface and 80,000,000 of human beings
has been uninterrupted during the changes
of ten hundred years. The Romanoff's
family history, dark and sanguinary in past
volumes, brightens into the milder records
of culture and peace before it reaches the
dates of the lives of Alexander and his
handsome sons. Feuds in the royal house
holds, where silent death by swift and sure
cruelty enforced the demands of the strong
er, and internecine strife between parties
and grades wrought great evils, told in his
tory and legend before the milder policies
of firmer civilization gave full freedom of
thought and action even to the nobles.
Grand-nephew of old Kaiser William, the
new Emperor of Germany, who is as sound
ly Panteuton as was the great Nicholas
Panslavic in his polity, is our princely visi
tor, and of his liberal minded father, Em
peror Alexander, the whole world acknowl
edges its honoring admiration for his hu
mane opinions, discursive intelligence, no
bility ol bearing, and progressive rule. Like
light-helmed Tcucor beside the mighty Ajax,
he looked in contrast with his sterner,'
fiercer father, the Emperor Nicholas, whom
the Grand Duke Constantino so much re
sembles. Maximilliana, the beautiful
mother of Prince Alexis, whose grace, ami
ability and accomplishments still adorn the
throne of all the Russias, its true pUxccns i
xtxor, was a daughter of the Grand Duke!
of Hesse. In the world's profound es
teem her triple excellence as Empress, wife
and mother receives but its just reward.—
Delicate health and great grief for the loss
of her eldest son, the Czarowitch, who died
at nice in 1880, have left a melancholy
stamped upon her beautiful features.
The Czarowitch, who bore the name of
his grandfather, Nicholas, was a youth of
royal promise, and the scene of li'is imma
ture death, surrounded by his family and
his betrothed, the {Princess Dagmar, of
Denmark, sister of the PlfaoMH of Wales,
(who afterward became the bride of his
brother, the present Czarowitch,) has a
place in the sympathetic memories of all
Europe. Prince Alexis has unremittingly
improved his time, since a childhood of de
bility, in all exercises anil studies, under
the most capable masters, wliich tend to
the perfect development and cultivation of
body and mind. His imperial father's fa-
vorite son, he has shared his travels and re- j
ceived important trusts from him.
As an instance of the ready skill, the
unselfish heroism of the young Prince, it
is narrated that on ono occasion, when sail
ing on Lake Onega, in the royal barge, a
small boat passing near was upset, and the
young lady and gentleman, a young Rus
sian nobleman and sister, its only occu
pants, were immersed in the lake.' With
out a moment's hesitation the Prince leaped
into the water, and with difficulty and at
great personal peril he saved the young
lady. For this unselfish act the Emperor
gave his son the gold medal, which he al
ways wears, most valued among many dec
orations.
Prince Alexis, also called the Grand
Duke Alexis, has been thoroughly in
structed in the language of Europe, and
speaks English, Russian, German and
I rench with ease and accuracy.
The Prince will immediately visit Wash
ington, but only for the purpose of presen
tation to the President. He will then re
turn to New York, where a grand ovation
awaits him. He will visit this city again,
however, and will be the recipient of many
honors. Washing/on 'hronictc.
The Chicago Fire.—Grfat Loss of
Records and Private Papers—A
Lesson to Business Men.—A very con
siderable portion of the loss by the great
fire in Chicago resulted from the destruc
tion of public records and private papers.
All the public records relative to real estate
titles were insecurely protected, antl, as a
consequence, were destroyed, while the
records in private hands, to a very great
extent, shared the same fate. Fortunately,
some real estate lawyers had made a busi-
ness of making transcripts of public records.
and providentially preserved their memo
randa. By this means titles to real esiate I
may be fixed, but it will be at a great ex- I
pensc to the property holders. This fact
should not be lost on New York, for it
is a well-known fact that our public record
building is not only insecure in its construc
tion, but has actually been on fire several
times. The importance to business men
of providing themselves with the means of
properly protecting their valuable papers
does not seem to be appreciated. Many a
business man in Chicago would to-day be
comparatively well oil', notwithstanding
the destruction of his buildings, had he but
preserved the records of his business. Hut
trusting to so-called fireproof buildings,
papers representing millions of dollars were
carelessly left loose in desks, or confided to
cheap and insecure safes. Could these pa
pers to-day be resurrected from their ashes,
Chicago would have no occasion to call up- j
on the whole world for aid, but could man
fully face its other losses. The (protest
security vvhich Chicago hail for ils valuable
papers, is shown by all reports to have
been in Herring's safes. Of course some
safes were entirely destroyed by the intense
fury of the flames—for there is a degree of
heat at which iron will melt and run away
but hundreds of merchants have testified
that ikll the property saved to them from
destruction was that which was preserved
by Herring's safes. As a rule, those who
had exercised the ordinary business pre
caution of putting their valuable papers
into their sates at the close of business on
Saturday, found them in good condition on
Wednesday or Thursday, after the confla
gration had swept away the buildings in
which the safes were located. So Salaman
derlike were they found, that in one instance
a person, in putting away his papers hur
riedly, hsd accidentally" locked up among
them a box of parlor matches. The flames
destroyed tho building, the walls fell in up
on the safe, confining it, as it were, iv an
oven; fire burned and smoldered upon it
for days, yet when it was properly cooled
off and opened, not only were all the papers
confided to it found iv perfect condition.
bxiteven the box of matches teas preserved
intact, and served its owner to light his
pipe with. No business man can afford
hereafter to trust his private papers to mar
ble or stone walls, or to the custody of i
others. He must look out for them him
j self, and in doing so must himself provide
the means for their safe custody. This
lesson of Chicago should be of immediate
service, not only to public oiKanizations,
but to every business man. Public and
I private records form a large portion of the
J i wealth of every community, ami should
not be recklessly jeopardized.
I Ewtliah Feeling with Regard to Chicago.
f Extract from a private letter, dated Devonpori,
Eng., Oct. I", to a gentleman iv Chicago.
The heart of England has been profound
ly moved by your terrible conflagration.
All our largo cities have ot once begun to
i raise funds in aid of the suffering people of
1 Chicago. Tens of thousands ot pounds
have been collected within the last three
daj's. We mean to make Brother Jonathan
feel that we love him and sympathize with
him in this great trial. London, Liverpool,
j Birmingham, Manchester, Bradford, Leeds,
—are all moving with swift-frated sympa
thy. Thus John Bull will say to his big
son on the other side of the Atlantic: "My
wonderful boy you are my own flesh and
blood, and 1 love you with all my heart.
We have Irad a squabble or two since we
partetl, and you started in business
on your own account. That Alabama
affair was not at all to my credit; for some
of my bo 3's at home, living in a town
c- .lied Liverpool, behaved very shabbily to
you in letting that pirate-craft escape to sea.
But we have agreed to settle all thai,
and I suppose I shall have to 'shell out
pretty considerably' before 1 have done
with that Semmes and his lot. However,
I have consented to sit upon the stool of
repentence over that business, and to a per
son of my years and self-importance, I can
assure you such a position is by no means
a comfortable one. But I will 'sit it out,'
and be thankful that we are friends again.
And now, my boy, that your fair city in
the West is in ruins, you shall see that
'blood is thicker than water,' and that .John
Bull has, after all, a tender heart for all
his children in both hemispheres."
Thus speaketh my country to your coun-!
J try at this moment. Ne.xn York Tribune.
Dit. HOYT, of Wisconsin, commissioner
from that State to the Paris Exposition of
1807, makes the following comparison be
tween the methods of primary instruction
in Prussia and in this country
"A Prussian child is not permitted to
use the language of an idea he does not
make his own. Spelling long columns of
words and reading pages of words such as
could not be intelligently made available in
conversations with teacher and school-fel
low are not allowed, and the same principle
is carried through the instructions of the
first to the last day of its eight years'
drill. And yet by that intimate and con
stant habit of conversation between pupil
and teacher upon the many topics of school
study, and the endless correlation of kindred
and suggested subjects which it is a part of
the teacher's preparation for his work to
know how to bring in, the children of these
schools at a very early age come to have a
use of language far beyond the range of
their studies.
"The packing process of our aim, to get
the largest possible amount of information
iv the smallest possible time, defeats itself,
in that it gives so little opportunity to as
similate and apply, without which the mass
of mere information slips from the memory
or remains a clog to the natural action of
any special faculty.
"The mere universal use of instructional
appliances in these schools is greatly in
contrast with otu use of text-books. Con
trast the hours of study which our children
devote to pages on pages of unillustrated
theories—to days and weeks of recitations
unillumined by conversations—to treasures
of acquisition unapplied to life, with those
theories that are illustrated by every device
of mechanical genius—those recitations
that are made brilliant by the reproduction
of times and actors —those acquisitions that
are applied to every interest and use of life,
antl you have before you a sample of the
district school of America and the parish
school of Prussia."
a»
—A trail has been laid to the summit of
Pike's Peak, and Miss Amanda Hannah, of
Greeley, that village of embryonic great
ness, is the first aud only woman who ever
made the ascent.
—The Emperor William, of Germany, is
inconsolable because his theatrical manager
is unable to bring first-class French actors
to Berlin. Bis Majesty's favorite amuse
ment is the French theatre.
Tho Golden Age gays: Julia Ward
Howe presiding at the organ iv a Baptist
church, with Mrs. Hanaford occupying the
pulpit, is a spectacle worth a day's travel
to see. Such combinations organize the
millennium.
—A recent writer says Dollinger is the
head of the Catholic reform; Hyacinthe is
the heart. The greatness of Dollinger con
sists iv his learning, logic, and honesty.
The greatness of Hyacinthe in his charity,
love, and conscience.
—A Boston lady expresses the opinion
that one woman should be officially con
nected with all scientific organizations that
have buildings, so that the windows might
be properly cleaned, the steps washed off,
and if there is a grass-plot, that it be kept
in order.
—M. Thiers, President of the French
Republic, is said to be rapidly failing.—
While he is apparently as well as |ever,
persons who see him often are struck by
the ravages cares and toil have wrought;
besides when a man has passed his seventy
third birthday the slightest accident may
prove fatal.
SHIPPING
F°» KW york. r|~
THE OLD DOMINION STEAMSHIP COM
PANY'S elegant side-wheel steamship ALBE
MARLE, Copt. Smith, will sail on FRIDAY,
November 24, nt 2 o'clock P. M.
Freight received until 1 P. M.
Through hills of lading signed, aud goods for
warded vvilh dispatch to all points—north, south, I
east and west. Cloae connections made with Ca
nard line for foreign ports.
Passenger accommodations unsurpassed
Fare j l2o o
Steerage 8 oo
Round Trip Tickets go on
For freight or passage, apply to
JOHN W. WYATT, Agent,
no 21—St No. 3 Governor atrant.
I,IOII."iVLW YORK. ~SS."
The VIRGINIA STEAMSHIP and PACKET
COMPANY'S elegant steamship GEORGE B.
UPTON, Captain Robkjts. will leave her wharf
at, Hocketis on TUESDAY, November 21, at 4
P. M.
Connecting with steamers for Hartford, Nor
wich, Stouington, Fall River and Buston from
same pier.
Freight received up to the hour of sailing.
Close connections ami through hills of lading
given to nil southern, eastern, and western
places also, to Europe and Australia.
Fare, to; meals and slate-rooms, extra.
D. .1. HURR, President,
1214 Main slreet.
WAanixuTux k Co., agents, Pier 12, North river,
New York. no IS —3t
WANTED— A liOOl) ACTIVE WHITE
BOY, 14 or IU years old, and willing to
I work. Apply at ollice of the State .Toubxai
I no 10
Join w. It OI.TZ. Newi and City Editor.
8 LOCAL MATTERS.
c i
1 School Trustees Appointed.—
p. The State Hoard of Education has appointed
1 tlie following school trustees:
Alleghany county—Covington District:
■las. 11. Hoswcll, vice John W. Wyatt.
All the other one year trustees have been
i reappointed.
Amherst—Temperance District: 15. B.
Campbell, vice Thomas If. Campbell. The
other one year trustees reappointed.
Appomattox—All the one year trustees
f reappointed.
i Brunswick —All the one year trustees re
appointed.
i Buckingham—Maysville District: VV, S.
i Wise, vice S. M. B. Duncan. Cardsville
i District: no appointment yet made. In
i other districts the one year trustees hiivo
been reappointed.
Clarke Battletown District: l\ It.
Powers, vice Enos Richmond. All the
I other one year trustees reappointed.
Craig—Newcastle District: Fleming B.
Carper for three years. The other one
year trustees reappointeu.
Elizabeth City—Chesapeake District: 11.
C. Whiting, vice .las. K. Hawkins. South
field District: AY. W. Dardell, vice 11. C.
Whiting. Wythe District: J. M. Sher
man, reappointed.
J'lankhii—Rocky Mount District li. If.
T. (ireen vice Ed. Turner. Slow Creek
District Dr. B. T. Tatiun vice Thomas N.
Bondurant. Gill's Creek District W. P.
Holland vice Benjamin It. Hutchcrson.
Henchwater District Henry Jamieson,
reappointed. I/>ng Branch District: Kd.
J. Wood vice Stephen Thomas. Brown i
Hill District: George C. Turner vice Thus, i
11. l'rillman. In Union Hall District: The I
one year trustees have been reappointed. I
Gloucester—Petdworth District: War- 1
ncr V. Roane, vice W. F. Fary. The other i
one year trustees reappointed. i
Goochland—Licking Hole, Robert F. i
J Vaughn, vice W. D. I,eake. The other i
I one year trustees reappointed.
Greenville—All the one year trustees
reappointed. c
Isle of Wight—John X. Ward, Hardy
District, vice A. 11. White. The other one 1
year trustees reappointed. 1
James City —Jamestown District: W. t
B. Wynne, vice Thomas S. Wynne. The s
other one year trustees reappointed. t
King George—Chotank District: Dr. W. i
B. K. Price, vice J. A. Billingsley. The c
other one year trustees reappointed.
King and Queen —All reappointed. t
King William—All reappointed. c
Nelson—All reappointed. c
Nottoway—All reappointed. g
Powhatan—Spencer District; Tl'har
nor Michaux, vice N. 11. Lewis. All
other one year trustees reappointed.
Prince George —All reappointed. j
Richmond county—All reappointed. t
Roanoke—Big Lick Win. L. William- c
son, vice James AY. Neale. Cave Spring c
District: Dr. James A. Palo, vice '1. M. S
Starkey. The other one year trustees re- I
appointed. c
Rockbridge—All reappointed. 1
Russell—-Elk Garden District: Joseph
Webb, vice IS. J. Fuller. Castle Wootls j
District: Henry Dickerson, vice Henry J. c
Dickerson. Moccasin District: Robert I
Johnston, vice Jos. Hanson. The other
one year trustees reappointed.
Scott—Eulkerson District: Edward My-
rick, vice Edward Parker. Kloyd District:
George W. Stattard, vice Isaac Osborn. v
Other one year trustees reappointed. 1
Spotsylvania—Berkeley District: F. W. c
Tompkins, vice Dr. Fleming S. Hancock.
The other one year trustees reappointed. t
Stafford—All reappointed. a
Surry—All reappointed.
Tazewell—All reappointed. s
Warwick —All reappointed.
Washington—Abingdon District i Dr. N. i
F. Barr, vice Daniel Banks. The other one 1
year trustees reappointed. 1
Westmoreland—All reappointed. c
York.—Pocasin District: Ed. Hopkins, t
Win. Page, and W. S. Owen appointed.
The other one year trustees reappointed. t
Campbell—Falling River District: Col. B
P. C. Howard, vice Bowler Cock. Brooke- t
ville District: Dr. J. A. Terrill, vice Major
L. M. Moorman. The othor one year trus
tees reappointed.
Police Court— Justice J. J. White
presiding, —The following cases were dis-
posed of to-day
Mary J. Welsh, charged with receiving
stolen goods, she knowing the same to have
been stolen. Discharged; evidenceinsuffl-
cient to convict.
Florence Rivers, charged with assaulting
and striking Wm. Walls. Settled by par
ties costs paid. I
Wm. Walls, charged with threatening to
kill Florence River.-'. Settled by parties
costs paid.
Thomas Anderson and Georgu Glenn,
charged with being vagrants. Glenn dis-
charged. Anderson bound over for three
months in
I'hilipa Barbour alius Graves, charged j
with stealing two pieces of carpet and sun
dry other articles. Found guilty and sent
to jail fur live day*.
Stephen Fletcher and 11. C. Gerrick,
charged with unlawfully breaking a panel
out of a door of the house of Minnie Mor-
lis and with abusing the inmates of the
house. Fletcher fined 62.0f), and Gerrick
$H for disorderly conduct.
John McCarthy and Timothy Gough,
chai-ged with being common thieves and
vagrants. Met', discharged. Gough bound
over (or three months in $*>0.
Elisha Bethel), charged with assaulting,
striking and threatening to kill E. W. Ro
binson.. Fined $2, and bound over for
three months in the sum of 890,
Martha Jane Bell, charged with assault
ing and abusing John Clark. Discharged;
no prosecutor.
James Cary, charged with retaining pos
j session of $1.50, the property of E. Jones.
Dismissed, as a matter for civil action.
Remember the Orphans.—To-mor
row night, uuder the auspices of the Catho
lic Beneficial Society, a grand ball will be
given at Assembly Hall, the proceeds of i
which are to be devoted to the orphans of
St. Joseph's Asylum.
From the liberal preparations already
made, this affair promises unusual attrac
tions to those who may attend, and we feel
confident that when the objects are remem
bered for which it is given, it will be libe
rally patronized.
Like Leaves in Wintry Wkatheu.
—The leaves have fallen ffom the trees in.
the Capital Square, and now lie silent and
scattered on the pale and sickly grass, an
evidence of the nogject of those who receive
pay for keeping this place in order.
The Banquet Hall Deserted.
The Capital now looks dull and deserted.
But a few days more and its now silent
walls will resound with the eloquence of
Virginia's able sons.
LOCAL NOTES.
—Bishop McOill, who has been quite
sick, is now convalescent.
—The Hustings court adjourned vester
day until the 'Ith day of December."
d —The State Board of Election Canvas
sers will meet next .Monday the 27th.
—Colonel Marmaduke Johnson died yes
tirday afternoon at i> o'clock. lie was 48
11 years of age.
—We hear of a young friend of ours
fulling from his horse'on yesterday. Cause:
b the saddle turned.
—The Hon. Charles 11. Porter, repre
scntntive in Congress from this district, has
bought a house on Capitol Hill, Wash
ington.
—The old-fashioned pioneer hame-bells
on a country team tintinnabulated through
i the streets of this city yesterday. They
i scared up many a ghost of the past.
x —A large wheel broke in the Marshall
mill, iv Manchester, yesterday, scattering
its fragments all around, occasioning great
alarm among the operatives. No one was
injured, however.
'—Mr. William H. Walker, who for the
past sixteeen years has filled the position of
Librarian of the Young Men's Christian
Association, died last night about 7 J
o'clock, in the olith year of his age. Due
notice of his funeral will be given.
—Mr. John W. Talley, collector of
Tuckahoe township, was, on Saturday, as-
saulted and resisted while in the discharge
of his duties, by a mob of iiuarrvmen, on
the James River and Kanawha canal, about
a mile below the Westham Furnace.
j I, A Df.spf.kado Caiuiit."—Under j
the above caption, we. yesterday, gave an j
account of the arrest, by detectives Rogers
anil Wren, of J. Quinton Bryant of North I
Carolina, who was delivered over to I.
S. Deputy .Marshal Miller, of North Caro- j
lina. Mr. Miller called upon us this morn
ing and desired us to correct the impres- i
sion made by our article of yesterday, with
reference to the character of Mr. B'rvant
whioh we do most cheerfully.
Mr. Bryant is wanted by the authorities
of North Carolina, to answer the charge
of assault and battery, this being the only
charge against him in that State, Tho
Deputy Marshal further informs ns that
ho is well acquainted with Bryant, and
that he is a man of good character and
standing, beyond an unruly temper and
a disposition to engage in lights. We have
read the account ot'tiie difficulty which oc
curred at Seottsville, during which Bryant
was shot, and find in that account no blame
attaches to him, except that he was en
deavoring to get out of the way of some
one who was attempting his arrest. We
give this corrected version of tlie affair as
an act of justice to a stranger.
The Case of Dr. Strf.cker Dis
miss kd. —Business growing dull during
the hot months of last summer, a certain
detective of this city imagined he had dis
covered a victim in the person of Dr. (1. A.
Strecker, and to "shake" him a little would
result in a profit of a thousand or more
dollars. To carry out his purposes, he en
listed with him an abandoned woman, who
was persuaded to appear before the grand
jury and testify in such a manner as result
ed m the lindingofa "true bill" against
Dr. S. for having, some time previous, pro
cured an abortion upon the witness.
A short time after the indictment the
witness in this case fieri the city in company
with the detective, and on yesterday, no
witnesses appcaring,tlie case was dismissed
by an order of the Hustings Court of this
city.
We have mentioned this case several
times before, and only refer to it again to
announce its conclusion, and to express our
gratification at the dismissal of a case purely
speculative and of the most cruel character.
Dr. Strecker is one of oldest citizens, and
is now nearly four score years of age.
Those who know him best could never be-
lieve him guilty of the serious charge, so
cruelly made against him, while strangers
alone could give credence to it. We con
gratulate him and his highly esteemed
family upon this escape from heartless per
secution, and hope we may not be again
called upon to record so great an outrage.
The Tunnel.—Our friends in the I
lower part of the city are building great
hopes upon the prospective tunnel through
Church Hill. What is a great "bore" to
other people, is hailed by them as an open
ing to wealth and fortune. So mote it be.
We shall truly rejoice with them if half
their dreams are realized and promise our
cooperation in promoting not only the wel
fare of the down-towners, but the up-town
ers, and all other sections of our city.
The building of the tunnel will give em-
ployinent to large number* of men, and j
cause the disbursement of many stamps.
We have heard of several real estate trans
actions inspired by the prospects of the
tunnel, and the location of the shops and
other establishments connected with the
Chesapeake and Ohio railroul, but we be-i
lieve they have not yet assumed a definite j
shape. When they do, we shall endeavor
to lay the details before our readers.
COMPANY I'iiaetekf.d.—Judge Bever-
ley li. Wellfurd, of the Kichniond Circuit
court, to-day granted a charter, under the
name of "The Woodwartl l.ias Carbonizing
Company of Kichniond, Virginia," to li.
H. Maury, A. V. Stokes, and 0. T. Wor
thani, of Kichniond, and E. I). McConky
and John Wilkins, of Baltimore, to form a
joint stock company to manufacture in Vir
ainia and West Virginia, Woodward's lias
Carbonizcrs, and also Benzole, and to trans
port and sell the same.
Principal office, Kichniond capital stock,
$00,000; number of shares, (1,000, al *10
each. The company will hold no real
estate. Officers: President, It. 11. Maury; j
secretary antl treasurer, Joseph W. John- j
ston. Directors: Stokes, Wortham, and j
C. Q. Tompkins, Kichniond, and McConky
and Wlikins, Baltimore. The company
will hold a business meeting at ."i o'clock
this evening.
-4a*.
The State Agric cltural Society.
The officers of the society are engaged in
I adjusting the accounts of the late annual
exhibition, and are paying up the premiums
and other billsjon application. Some of the
j parties to whom premiums were awarded
are rather tardy iv calling for them.
Upon the whole, the late exhibition is
regarded as a success. It has enabled the
society to liquidate from three to four thou
sand dollars of its debts, thus reducing the
i outstanding obligations to about two thou
sand dollars, which will iv all probability
be wiped out entirely next year, and a
handsome surplus fund accumulated.
This year the Society added largoly to
its permanent improvements on the grounds.
Owing to tho unprecented largo entries of
live stock, the expenses for stalls and other
accommodations was much larger than an
ticipated but as these improvemei.ts will
I meet the requirement.-' of future fairs, they
are among the most valuable assets of the
j Association.
United States Cibcuit Cocrt—
j Hugh 1.. Howl, Judge. —The November
c i term of this court opened this morning, and
the following cases were disposed of:
I. S. vs. Hisey. Verdict and judgment
set aside, and new trial granted.
I Van Schaici;, Kdwards A Co. vs. VV. T.
Stlthcrlin, and Vi. T. Sutherlin vs. Van
Schaick, Edwards A; Co. Hcmoved to
1 West District at Danville.
United States vs. Neff. Verdict nnd
J judgment set aside and new trial granted.
A fter hearing the evidence ami argument,
the jury rendered a verdict for the plaintiff,
and assessed dumagtsatslG7.7G,withinter
jest thereon from June SO, 1861, until paid.
.ludgment according and judgment stayed
I for 90 days.
United Stales vs. James McClearnan.
j Recognizance of prisoner forfeited.
United States vs. Robert Mitchell, in
dictment for violation of internal revenue
law. Plea guilty. Jury rendered a ver-
I diet of guilty. Judgment suspended and
party recognized in the sum of $500 for his
appearance first Monday of April 1872.
Motions for new trials in the following
I cases were overruled: United States vs.
i John W. Carroll d 01. David Firebaugh,
two cases James 1,. I.eech, John E. Riley,
R. D. Kirkpatrick, Daniel Teaford, James
G. Leech, E. 11. White, Jesse J. Simp
kins, i
Myer Angle vs. Commonwealth, re
nianded to the County Court of
ee>
I United States District Court—
John C. Underwood. Judge. —A few revenue
cases were disposed of after the assembling
of the court this morning.
In the matter of John 11. Barton, Lank
j nipt, it was ordered that the case be rein
stated on the payment of 83, clerk's costs
and the register's fee.
In the matter of Benjamin F. I'ember
i ton, bankrupt, order to show cause issued.
In the matter of Philip Ivesner, bank
rupt, order to show cause issued.
Black Consf.rvatism at Discount.
I'or sometime Solon Johnson, head and
front of the "committee of six" colored
Conservatives Of this fttkf, has been keep-
ing a small snack-house "at or near the York
River Depot. At the same time he occa-
sionally darted out and spurted Democ
racy, with a gibberish nobody but himself
understood. The owners of the property j
used by Solon, for reasons satisfactory to
themselves, yesterday informed Mr. John-
son that he must pack up his traps and
leave, at the same time advising him to
"writ politics and go to work." There is
nothing remarkable in this, except his land-
lords are Democrats, and should not have
treated poor Solon so. Our Conservative
darkeys are learning rapidly that "black i
Democracy" ain't "wiitf a cuss," and
"ain't wuffdat good."
Tin-Ip.on Ship.—Wo called upon Cap-
tain Alexander, at the ollice of the Virginia
Steamship company, this morning, and
learned from nim that the new ship in j
course of construction by the company is
progressing salisfactorily, and that it will
not be long before she assumes shape and
form to enable her to walk the waters like
a thing of life. The prospects of the com-
pany were never brighter, and when the
new vessel is added to the line already in J
operation, the shipping interests of our cily
and State will be better subserved ;than
ever before.
Personal.—Mr. J. A. 11. St. Andrew,
special correspondent of the Albany Eve
ning Journal, is in the city.
"■BWaaaaaMßEeaEEeaaaaajaaaj
Bvjf-.'U" Select Whisker.
JMTi ignrs ami Tobacco.—lf you warn to buy
good Cigars and Tobacco, you ran dot-oat T
ll,ii.UKn St Co.'a, 614 Main street.
1 »®""B" Select Whisker.
i lfc@~Oroceries. —Families in want ol' Oroce-
I lies are referred lo the advertisement of T. Bai.-
MF.a St Co., Sl4 Main street, in another column.
lKg-"B Select Whiskey, $»M per gallon.
1,.. liiiilivli Breakfast Tens mi\ed for and
imported by T. Bai.mek Co., 814 Main all ait
XUg~"W Selert Whiskey.
tt-g" Blue Itiblioiis anil Swindles.—A stranger
paealng along Main street, will notice a Sewing-
Machine, in front of a small store, tied with a
blue ribbon— supposed to he tho figu of said
machine having received a premium at our late I
fair; and he would be surprised to notice, upon 1
close inspection, that it is the same machine from 1
which a Hi.iE aiuuo.v has I'L-bi.ici.y tors during
the fair, having been tied on without the sanc
tion of the committee—no award having been
made for sewing-machines. A Sprctatoe.
KSr-B" Select Whiskey.
I'uiiucil Fruits uml Vegetables in the full
est assortment, can be had at T. Bai.hkh &Ce.'s,
Sl4 Main street.
aV@""B" Select Whiskey.

atiTWhlskey. —T, Balmer ie Co., Sl4 Main
streel, have still some of their choice *3 Whiskey
lon hand.
MARRIED.
On the 14th instant, in Charles City county
by the liev. Joseph Lear, Mr. PETER M< CUR
DY and Miss JENNIE W. McCCRDY
On the 16th inslant, by tho Rev. J. Peterkin
A. P. MONTGOMERY to R. J. TAYLOR both
of this city.
DIED.
On the nth instant, in Maihews county,
WYTHE TABB, in the twentieth year of his
ac,e.
In this city, after ti short and painful illness,
NELLIE M., infant daughter of Charles H. and
Emma R. Pollard, aged fifteen months.
On the 20th instant, WILIAM 11. WALKER,
(for sixteen years librarian of the Young Men's
Ohrislian Association,) in the fifty-sixth year of
his age.
In the city of Baltimore, on the 14th instant,
GARDINER E., son of James E. and S. T Bur-
I ress, aged two years and two month*
'lillli SOUTHERN ASSOCIATION.—RaF.
1. FLE for the Benefit of the Widows and Or
phatiß of the Southern States.
Dis'i-riuution No 662". Evkninm. Nov. -'0.
il 67 (T~2l 2U I 44 12 111 la 77"i5
UiaTßieuTioa No. 8fl». Morkixu, Nuv~2l
48 41 14 tin 48 7U~fl7~2ft 16 tll~wT«ti
Witness my hand, at Richmond, VaTTthuTaTat
day of November, 1871.
SIMMONS k CO., C. Q. TOMPKINS,
Managers. Commissioner.
CERTIFICATES OF RAFFLE can be pur
chased from Captain W. 1. DABNEY, nt the
Branch office. No. D Twelfth street, thrie doors
from Main.
UNITED STATES PATENT OFFICE,
Waskisuto.n, D. C, Nov. 2d, 1871.5
OS THE PETITION OE OKOROE WAIT.
of Richmond, Virginia, praying lor the EX
TENSION OKA PATENT granted to him on
the 9th day of February, 186s, ou which addi
tional improvements were granted on lhe U day
ot August, ls.ii). and redeemed on the 4th day of
August, IMS, KOR AN IMPROVEMENT IN
PLOWS—
It is ordered that the testimony in the case be
closed on the Oth DAY OF JANUARY NEXT,
that the lime for filing arguments aud the Ex
aminer's report be limited to the IiithDAYOF
JANUARY NEXT, and that said petition be
heard on the 24 in DAY OF JANUARY NEXT.
Any person may oppose this extension.
M. I). LEGQETT,
no B—law3w Commissioner.
LATEST NEWS.
I: i
MINI IHpet york.
Sue )W,, November 20. Comptroller
Connolly has resigned anil .Mayor Hall has
i appointed Andrew 11. Green in his sleatl.
The returns from several election districts
have been found defective.
Three election inspectors have been ar
rested antl held to bail in 130,000 each.
The Bowling Green Savings Hank is clos
ed, but tho National Savings Hank still
pays all demands.
Emanuel B. Hart, a leading Tammany
sachem, says that Tweed must resign Ins j
membership of the Tammany Society, and
of the Democratic General Committee, and
if he does not, measures will be taken to
force him out.
Twenty-three additional caves of small
pox have been reported since Saturday
noon.
The Executive Committee ot the Com-
mitte of Fifty, appointed to investigate the
charges of fraud in the Brooklyn city gov
ernment, have requested the Common" Conn-
til lo furnish such facilities as will enable
the Committee to accomplish its purposes.
Proceedings in bankruptcy have been
commenced against the Guardian Savings
•Hank.
The Tribune of to-morrow will have the i
statement that Charles O'Connor is of the
opinion that through a flaw in the indict
ment against Tweed, he will escape punish- J
merit, c

FROM WASHINGTON.
Washington, November 2(l.—After the a
first of January pieces of notes less than
one-half will have no value without cvi- j,
deuce of the larger portion being destroyed.
Pieces between one-half and 'five-eighths ,i
will be worth one-half the original. When l
the pieces are over five-eighths they will be
worth the whole lace of the note, i
Collector Murphy, of New York, has
resigned, and Chester A. Arthur has been
appointed by the President to succeed him. i
'lhe President and Collector Murphy ex- t j
changed letters, expressing mutual confi
dence in each other.
Hon. Joseph Segar and C. Willard, "j
former proprietors of thcTlygeia hotel, at
Fortress Monroe, which was pulled down
hy.military order during the late war, have i
been granted permission by the Secretary
of War to rebuild it, and the work of re
construction will soon commence.
The register of the treasury is preparing /i
for the payment of the semi-annual interest
on some half dozen loans. The books will
be closed on the first of next month. A r
large amount of money will be paid out at
this time, included among which is $100,-
000,01)0 for the redemption of five-twenties.
series of IH(i2. ,B
The payment of the cotton-tare claims
has been suspended by order of the secre-
tary of the treasury. "Developments recent- 'm
ly discovered show that a majority of such g
suits against the government were fraudu
lent in every particular.
Prominent lowans, just arrived from y
that Slate, report that Allison's chances h
for the United States .Scnu.lor.ship are grow-
ing brighter. The Harlan men feel in no
way despondent, however, as to the success
of their candidate, and the general feeling
among all Republicans in the State is that
Harlan, Allison, antl Wilson are all good
men, and either of them would well re
present the State.
United States District Attorney Wells,
of Mississippi, writing lo a friend in this
city, under date ol the 18th instant, says
"The Kti-Klux or hell-hounds two nights
ago killed one of the United States Deputy oc
Marshals, named 0» H. Wisler, an impor- a
taut witness against the Ku-Klux, and for- ai
merly a soldier of the Union army. He ti
was assassinated in cold blood in his own
house, and in the presence of his wife and
two children. The assassins have not been
apprehended."
Witnesses examined before United States
Commissioner lloweston, at Thomasville,
North Carolina, on the 18th instant, testify
that Hon. -lames Madison Leach, member
of Congress from the Fifth Congressional
District, is a prominent- member of the
Ku-Klux order, having been initiated in
May or June last. A warrant, it is stated, £j
has been issued for Mr. Leach's arrest. ci
A number of leading Democrats in North
Carolina have made confessions as mera- JJ
bers of the Klan, and three or four mem- ut
hers of the Slate Legislature have been ar
rested on chai-ges preferred against them.

Woiuuii Kiillrime in Cheyenne.
Cheyenne, W. T., Nov. 17.—A final
vote was reached in the House to-day on
bill No. 4, entitled An act to repeal the
woman suffrage law." Tlie bill was intro
duced by Hon. C. K. Castle, of Anilacoun- 1
ty. The vote stood: Yeas—Messrs.
IMair, Castle, Dayton, Friend, Kay, Ken-
dall, Specks, Pease antl Wilson—all l)em- I
ocrats; Nays—Messrs. Brown, Haley, and I j"
Nickerson—Republicans. p
—_ t l
(.enerul Sheridan Indorsed. al
Chicago, Nov. 20. —The grand jury s
closed its labors to-day. They indorse
and commend the action of Mayor Mason
in calling to his aid the services of Genera]
Sheridan, and consider that the thanks of
the community are due to General Sheridan
for the efficient aid rendered b}' him to the j
regular police in the emergency caused by
the lata tire. I _
ii
FOKEirc* NEMs.
Suain.
Madrid, Nov. 20.—A movement of the
Radical members of the ('ortes resulted in
the defeat of the Ministry upon talent vote,
the question being upon the permanent
session of the Cortes, which was opposed
by the Ministry.
The debates in the Cortes during the past
week, their unexpected result, and the re
signation of the newly formed Ministry,
causes great agitation in the city anil in the
provinces.
The Republican deputies to the Cortes s
have issued a circular to their supporters
throughout the country advising them to
keep quiet, and advocating the maintenance
of public order. In the meantime the i t
labor troubles continue. The bakers and I i
dyers iv Valencia obstinately maintain the
strike and make such threatening demon
strations that reinforcements have been sent
to the garrison there. t
A steam transport will sail from Uadi/.
on the 30th inst. with fresh troops and sup
plies for Cuba. s
ICualund.
London, Nov. 20.—The Count tie Cham-
iiord contradicts the report that he intends
to surrender his rights to the throne of
Franca,
The Standard's report of the suspension
of negotiations between England and Fi a cc
for a modification of the commercial treaty
is fully continued.
John Cribble, secretary of th Total aU»- c
stinence Society of Brixham, publicly ac- i
cuses the Queen of intoxication. The
j charge causes great uproar, and the local
authorities have already commenced legal
proceedings against the man who made it.
There was a large Radical meeting at
Bristol last evening. Sir Charles W. Dick
addressed the assemblage. There was
great disorder, anil the band was not al
lowed to play God save tho Queen."
Liverpool, Nov. 20.—Two ships, names
unknown, collided in the Mersey, and both
sunk instantly. All hands were lost.
Tartar.
'onstiiiiliiioiib-, Nov. 20.—There is great
complaint of disorganization in the public
departments and the Sultan's orders requir
ing economy in the administration of public
affairs are misinterpreted and not satisfac
torily carried out. Harmony does not pre
vail in the cabinet, and a crisis is looked
for.
Germany.
Berlin, Nov. 20.—The Reichstag has
sanctioned the bill making military service
compulsory on all to Bavaria.
The origin of the recent conflagration in
Geneva is to be made the subject of a strict
investigation. Suspicion is directed against
an agent of the Internatonal Society.
France.
Peril, Nov. 20.—1t is expected that be
fore the end of next January France will
have ten army corps completely organized
and fully equipped with improved aims,
posted at the great military centra of the
country.

TELEGRAPHIC MM 11 IKY.
—Cold closet! in New York yesterday
atllOj.
—Tlie Secretary of War has left Wash
ington to be absent ten days.
—Daniel (ileason killed his wife with a
dirk at North Adams, Illinois. Cause
jealousy.
—The Union Pacific trains are snow
bound at different points between Cheyenne
and Omaha.
—Tlie schooner Twilight foundered iv
Lsmke Michigan on the loth hist. Six of
the crew were lost.
—The Bouiwell-Pleasonton case is loom
ing up again, and will come before Congress
at its approaching sesssion.
—A man named Beiming drank a large
quantity of whiskey in Portland, Me.,
Saturday night, fell from his chair ami
died.
—The friends of McDevitt, whose re
mains were supposed to have been found in
the ruins of tlie 'tribune building, are
satisfied that the remains are not his.
—Honest Ben Wade is in Washington
city, and rumor connects his name with an
important position (Secret try of ttie Inte
rior) in the Cabinet upon its reorganization
in '72.
—Mrs. Stanton, widow of the late Sec
retary of War, now resides in a fine man
sion at I Jermantown, near Philadelphia.
Her income from the Stanton I unci is about
$7,000 a year.
—The Grind Duke Alexis accepts and
will be tendered a grand reception in New
York to-day. Alexis is dressed in the
simple uniform ol a lieutenant. He is tall
and strongly built, and has the air of a
gentleman. He has a clear complexion,
light hair and whiskers, and blue eyes.
He speaks English quite lluently, but ap
pears to prefer speaking French.
FINANCIAL AND C 'OM.llKKri.il..
Daily Statf. Jocricai. Office,
Richhoxd, Nov. 21,1871.
We quote first-class paper at 8 to 10 per
cent, per annum. Richmond city bonds are held
at SO cent*. Virginia State stocks dull. There is
an at til c demand for first-class railroad securi
ties.
Ilk liiiiond Grain Market.
Coax and Flocr Exchange, i
Richmond. Nov. 21, 1871.
offerings.
Wheat—White, OU4 bushels. Red, 520 do.
Corn—White, 842 bushels. Mixed, 376 do.
Oats—3B4 bushels.
Rvn—3o bushels.
Mk.ii.—l4 bushels.
Sales.
Willi—White, 464 bushels at *1.75 for feed;
9XMatst9l.cn tor prime; $1.02 for very good el.Oo
fornood; tl.AOforfair. Red, 37(i bushels at $1.(12
tor very good; ei.67s£sLoU for good; $1.40 for
common.
Coax—White, 422 bushels at 70c for prime new;
OScfeOMc for very good new; •j'Jcfti.it.'ic for common
new. Mixed, 37G bushels at tißc(£f 70c prime new
UDc for fair new Mo for common.
Oati—2l4 bushels at ,'i7c for very good.
Htß—M bushels at Me.
Mail—l 4 bushels yellow at 73e.
Reexhibite.,l.
Wheat—Red, no bushels
Coax—White, i"i 74 bushels. Mixed, let do.
TAX NOTICE.
IMPORTANT TO TAXPAYERS—In a few
ii:iys I :un compelled by law u> pay over to
the Treasurer all of the taxes tor 1871, All par
ties who have failed to pay are requested to call
during tlie PRESKNT WKKK and settle. There
U not sufliciiMit time lor my deputies to call on
all of you a (rain If they do, it will be for the
purpose of levying. Ktther you or I have to pay
thee* taxes, I am not able to do so, and lam
sure you would not expect me to do so if I were.
So call immediately and mm lie.
JOHK VT. WRIGHT, Sheriff,
no 21)—3t No. JIM Main street.
FURNITURE.
VTOW MANUFACTURING a
AND RECEIVING
HY STEAMERS, 'fl
Beautiful sett of Walnut Parlor, Chamber and
Inning-Room FURNITVRE. I also keepou band
an assortment of the cheapest
Chairs, Tabi.ks, Hkhktkadi*,
ataanAPt, Wahhbtandu,
laOOKINU-GI.ABHBtt, MaT TR A** 1»,
and Pillows,
I.HUSiiKH, Sopab, Cams,
CRADI-FH, Tm'.MH.I. lIKI'nTK-ili-i.
All lower than con <V bought elsewhere.
Goods carefully packed for shipping.
ARTHUR RODNEY.
Warkroomh— Governor and Frauklin street*,
oc it>—lm
"nUIRNITURE.
l M KM it XX. Mk
We have now on band a large and superior
stock of
OHAMHER. PARLOR AND DINING ROOM
FURNITURE,
made by the most experienced workmenjof sea
soned materials.
We Invite all in need of first-clans
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES
to examine our stock before buying. We cannot
be undersold iv the Slate.
HARWOOD k RITTER,
se B—Sm Governor street, Richmond, Va.
RESTAURANTS.
Vil !SiciH'r~Hbi.'sK
SOAMMEL.E,
NO. 218, NINTH STREET, NEAR HRoAli.
U proprietor of the
ONLY ALL NIOHT HOUSE IN RICHMOND.
Gentlemen can be supplied with OYSTERS In
eiery atyle, and with choue WINES, LIC|UORS,
ie. Remember,
I ocll-Dm JlB NINTH STREET