toning £tatr journal
DAILY—*B per year: *i_ months, three
month*, $1 no; T month, 80 cont*.
SEMI WEEKLY—♦ 280 per year; el- months,
$1 23; three month*, 78 cents.
WEEKLY—#I.6O per year; six month*, 76 cents
toning 9 tate journal
2d. Edition
f--ia O'CLOCK I*. ML".
THE CHICAGO FIRE.
We lay before our readers still further
news from Chicago. Tho city seems
doomed to total annihilation. Tho tale of
loss and devastation and sorrow grows
darker and sadder.
We can do no more than refer the read
er to the dispatches which we furnish for
the details of the most startling disaster
which has ever occurred upon this conti

ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
The great lire in Chicago is said to liave
originated from a kerosene lamp, ta
ken into a stable by n woman to afford
light while milking her cow.
THE I-1 HE SUBDUED.
As we write, the news comes that the
devouring flames have been checked.
TIIE EFFECT.
The great calamity which has befallen
Chicago seriously affects the business inter
ests of the entire world. Institutions in
tho larger cities of the United States tum
ble into business ruin but little les>s chaotic
than that into which the wealthy firms in
Chicago have been so suddenly plunged by
their total destruction by (ire.
In London the news excites general sym
pathy, and has depressed American securi
ties. The commercial relations of the en
tire world have been more or less disrupted
and thrown into confusion. I'niii.- ban
seized Operator, everywhere.
The miud shrinks from the contoinpla
tion of the siluation in the desolated city
of Chicago. The people are reduced to
utter destitution.
AN HONEST CONFESSION IS GOOD FOR
THE SOUL.
There are a number of honest men, lioth
North and South, who honestly bettered that
the existence of the Ku-Klux in several of
the Southera States was a mere myth, and
the numerous reports in relation to them,
were circulated by Republicans merely for
the purpose of making political capital for
tiie party. A large number of such per
sons live in this city, and in order that they
may be satisfied and convinced that this in
famous' organization is a living, moving and
formidable organization, having for its ob
ject the murder and destruction of Republi
cans of every color, we will, to-morrow,
publish a letter signed by a number of
prominent Democrats of North Carolina,
and addressed, to Judge Bond, iv wliich
they confess the vitality of the organization
and pledge themselves to its suppression.
While we give these gentlemen credit for
their pledges, we fear they were induced
more by the determination of Judge Bond
to crush the monster, than from their love
of law and order, else they would have
long since taken the step they now have.
We hope this letter will be carefully read
by the honest men of both parties, as we
ns the reply of Judge Bond to it, in which
is prominent the determination not only to
cut off, but to seal the hydra-heads of the
British Agricultural Returns.
A correspondent of the London Times, in
the issue ol the 19th of September, notes the
slight difference which the agricultural re
turns of Great Britain show between the
cereal area of this year and that of 1870.
This year there is an increase of 75,453
acres of wheat, 1 5,.150 of barley, and a de
crease of 43,902 of oats.
Taking the average yield of wheat this
year to be 22 bushels per acre, the excess
from the increase of acreage will be only
207,405 quarters, and tiie estimated aggre
gate yield of wheat in Great Britain is
!>,500,000 quarters.
The returns of the number of live stock
are by no means cheering. Of cattle there
are G.'1,985 fewer than last year of sheep
a decrease of 1,2G4,(i1)l and an increase of
328,751 pigs.
Such a decrease in the number of cattle
and sheep augurs a continuance for some
time of high prices for mutton and beef,
and, what may seem paradoxical, will ad
versely influence the farmors' profits. Last
year, from the failure of seeds, an indiffer
ent root crop, and a singularly light yield of
hay and straw, farmers were forced to sell
to the butcher stock which, under ordinary
circumstances, would have been kept for
breeding purposes.
This year is widely different. The root
crop has rarely been equalled, hay is a fair
crop, straw is abundant, and seeds are un
usually luxuriant; but, on account of the
great deficiency in the number of stock,
the abundant stock food will not realize
corresponding returns. Last year the
farmer had stock without food, this year
he has food without stock.
Virginia Postmasters.—The Wash
ington Chronicle of Saturday announces
the appointment of the following postmas
ters in this Stale: Mrs. Leah A. Hancock,
at Beaver Dam.Depot, Hanover county,vice
Z. C Hull, removed Peter Woodson, at
Pierces, Goocltland county, vice 11. 1).
Clinton, deceased; Hugh Rily, at Peraber
ton, Goocliland county, vice T. S. Hopkins,
declined. The office at Templeton's Cross
roads, Westmoreland county, has been dis
continued —the papers to go to Montrose.
The Albany Argus wants the Tammany
men kept out of the Democratic State Con
vention.
i ,1- i ■«s»a»sas»a*aesiae»aslsaassa_»a«a»»«Ma»s»aas». _
Stye H«l| BMt mmmal_
ligiRssi Tuesday evening, October 10, i87i. vol.iilno.279.
JOHN W. WO-TZ, Hewi and City Editor.
i-Ji' 1 1
LOCAL MATTEHS.
REPUBLICAN nominees.
F*r the Senate.
Hen .1. R. POPHAM, WILLIAM TROY,
JOHN WOOUWOUTH.
For the House.
D. W. BOHAiVNON, O. ft MILLS,
HORACE L. KENT, H K.NKY MILLER,
JOHN RANKIN.
B_ special NOTlCE.—Aitverti»ements of
l.«-i. Want*, Found, For Rent, not exceeding
f»ur lines, for one Insertion »>cents* two In
sertions 40 rents; three insertions .10 cents.
Cash in Advance.
a_r ity SiilMirrl-cr-.-Per-.nl- wisllinu the
Stats Journal left early nnd regularly nL their
places of business, or residences, by responsible
carriers, will please leave their orders with John
stoh _ Ski.bbn, Newsdealers, 818 Main Sireel,
and at the News Depot of W. A. EnWAEns.mil
East Broad Street.
THE CITY COUNCIL.
The regular monthly meeting of the City
Council (under the new ordinance) was held
yesterday afternoon, and for the first time
we visited the new Chamber, which is lo
cated above the engine-house, on I'road
street, between Ninth and Tenth streets.
We found the room handsomely, but eco
nomically, furnished, tho handsome carpet
giving a lively appearance to the room, and
in fact everything in keeping with the digni
ty and importance of the body which occu
pies it.
While tho members were arriving, the
clefk read the proceedings of the last meet
ing, in which we found nothing of especial
interest,except that the Council at its last sit
ting had allowed "one Dr. Burdell the sum
often dollars for poisoning a Mrs. Vaiden."
We acknowledge this to be a new move of
{iroceeding in a body whose duty it should
>c to protect the innocent and Unprotected
against murderous assaults of every cliar
■r. Jf. may be possible this item was a
ake of friend Howard, and that the
ncil is iv no wise responsible for sui'U
an inhuman attempt to take life.
The report of the Street Committee recom
mending various streets and sidewalk im
provements was taken up, discussed and
adopted.
Air. Isaacs, from the Finance (Vimmitloo,
mtid he had no regular report to make, bat
nubinitted the monthly report of the Audi
tor and Treasurer. He said he finds con
siderable discrepancy between the Audi
tor's and Treasurer's reports, and suggested
that the Council be careful as to their
reception in the future.
The report of the committee on the po-
I lice developed the fact that the Chief of po
lice receives $2,000 per annum; captains,
i> 1,000 "sergeants and privates, 82 50 per
day. There is .one chief, three captains,
ten sergeants, sixjy privates seven detec
tives, pay $2 50 per day, no perquisites al-
R,, though we do hear Uiey receive them
theless one co.'ored janitor at the
station, pay $20 per month, and a col
ored janitor at each of the other two sta
tions, pay 85 per month. Tiie Chi"f of po
lice has a horse, saddle and bridle at a
cost to the city of 988, which seems to b?
I a pretty high price for fodder.
.Mr. Whitlock, chairman of the Commit-
I tee on Claims and Salaries, reported in f'a
i vor of paying justices' of tthe city $800 per
I niiiiiun. This report being opposed by Mr.
I Wynne, it was, by an almost unanimous
vote, recommitted for further considera
tion. Mr. Whitlock and his committee's
favored scheme, to cfefrte paying offices for
the Democratic politicians at the expense of
the city, was luckily nipped io the bud by
one of his own party who aspires to higher
honors. Dr. Trent's bill was allowed.
Dr. Riddell's bill for $10 forjattending Mrs.
Yaiden was not allowed.
The existing ordinance in relation to
huckstering was so amended as to allow
hucksters to purchase vegetables, &C, to
sell again in the city, without any restric
tions whatever. Thus the principles of the
State funding bill have been applied to our
markets. When the "bears" and "bulls"
have manipulated family supplies, and the
marginal profits have been divided and sub
divided among the speculators, the poor
people of our city will have the alternative
of bankruptcy or starvation staring them
in theface.'
The report of the special committee, 1
regard to the Broad street matter, was Ittit
on the table, and a committee appointed to
ascertain tho value of flic railruad property
which it is proposed to purchase.
The ordinances in regard to the fire de
partment were amended, increasing the
number of commanders to six, and <i. V\
Taylor was elected as commander of the
Church Hill company.
I A resolution was adopted by a unani
mous vote appropriating $10,000 for tiie
Istruction of sewers,
he meeting last evening was the second
iiiu two weeks. H lasted four hours
a half. Should the Council finally' con
le to meet but once a month as pro
cd, it will raise a difficult problem as to
the probable duration of its sessions, wliich
none but the mightiest mathematical mind
can solve, and we therefore refer it, in ad
vance to the Culpeper Observer, and hop'
he will send on the answer at his earliest
If our city fathers would meet an hour
once a week for business, they would come j
nearer subserving the interests pf the city, j
The Hustings Court.—Owing to the
absence from the eityof Judge Cuigon, the
Hustings Court was not in session to-day. 1
The Police Court— T/ie New Couri
llooHi—lts Comfortable Appearance 'Flee I
"J-stix" as Proud as a Setting Pullet.
Several months ago we, in the course of
our reportorial attended the court
presided over by Justice J. J. White, then
field m the hall over the First Market.
The first time we visited the place we found
it totally unlit for occupation as a court of
justice, aud certainly inappropriate as the
scat of the just and good man who pre
sides over this court. We believe we in
augurated the move asking the Council to
change the location and improve the one 6
be occupied. Our associates of the press
united with us, which resulted in the Coun
cil consenting to a change. This morning,
for the first time, this court was held in tin
new quarters, provided in the Odd-Fellows'
Hall, on Franklin street, below the Xx-
The arrangements are indebted to the good
taste and judgment of Justice White for
their comfort and superior excellence.
In fact, the place is now comfortable,
free from lice and other vermin, and from
the noise and confusion which always sur
rounded the old premises. The Justice
presided this morning with dignity, but
looked as proud as a young pullet setting on
for, and when they pfUMVilOt toragl Com
fortable, the public may fake our word far
n, very body el-e may be if they choose
never smole before, not from the vision of
lines, but because, of comfort which sur
rounded him and his boss.
The following cases were dispos-ctl of in
this court this morning
.lames Cousins, charged with assaulting,
threatening, and abusing Christopher Tomp-
Henry Keizer, charged with trespassing
on the premises of antl threatening the life
of Volaski, was bailed and continued
Z. Volaski, charged with stealing a dog
from Henry Keizer, was bailed and con-
Mrs. Volaski, charged with assaulting
ilie child of Henry Keiy.cr, was also bailed
and continued until the 11th.
Jane McLane, charged with drunkenness
and exposing her person on the public
square, was required to give bail for her
future-good behavior for three months.
Fanny Winston and Del Robertson,
charged with conspiracy to take the life of j
One Henry Hall had, upon his oath, a
number of respectable colored persons ar
rested, charging them with creating a dis
turbance at Ham's Hall, on Ninth street,!
where political and other public meetings
are held. There being no evidence to sus-
tain the charge, the parties were all j
promptly discharged by Justice White, j
just as we were prepared to expect he
would do. Mr. Hall and all such persons j
as himself must learn that the colored
people hay» rights as well as the white ones,
and that they have the right to hold their
meetings undisturbed by any one. A_
well had some one living in the neighbor
of singing by the congregation.
We know of pcrsonN who no more like
good singing (vide Sergeant Oilman) than
docs Mr. Ball that done by the colored peo- j
pie on Ninth street. Roil on your ball,
Mr. Ball; but long as we have a While
to hold their meetings undisturbed.
Seventy-four colored persons were aires-
ted under the warrant sworn out by this
Mr. 15a_- and when taken before Justice

Politeness Very Cheap.—For th.
first time since a certain sergeant of I 'lay
ward told us that "Toniniy" had better de-
part, we, last night, in company with
several of our Republican friends, made a
visit to this ward, near tho scene of our I
first adventure; aud although the party,
was in a good humor, we failed to meet the
huge form of the sergeant who advised us
to "shut up." Iv his stead, we found a
polite, clever, and agreeable policeman, j
whose name —no matter! it commences
with a"W aud ends with an X—.trt'hat an i
en-dJ) —and whose behavior was such that
a gentleman, if arrested by him, wouiil 1••
as ;f ho had fallen into good hands. Coin-
Parisians being odious, we make none, but
cannot help expressing admiration for tiie
man who _-™_ noliteness and gallantry two j
of the cheap isf commodities of life, while
to be gruff, sour, rough, rude, and uncouth, j
i.s to arm oneself witiV a coat ol mail pene
trable only by the vicious and ill-natured.
Old John Robinson's Cxiiii—Tht
Robinson would respectfully announce to
j the people of the State of N. irginin, to*t in
j i'nuscquencc of tho partial failure ot the
crops; in some localities, and the geneva'
depression in money matters, that in view
of tiie immense patronage lie has already
received, and hoping for a continuance of
the same, he has concluded to reduce the 1
I price of admission to his great Three Tent
Show, Museum, Caravan, Menagerie and
I Circus, i. c., 76 cents for adults, and SO j
cents for children under ten years of age. j
I through the State of Tennessee, on account j
I of the cxhorbitant high rates of lieen-cs
J lhe prices are: Adults, 75 cents; chil- i
dren under ten years of age, 80 cents.
«_■
Petway Muß-BR, —Mrs. Sarah C. lVt-
way, the widow of 11. A. Petway, deceased, j
who on Sunday last was idiot and instantly
killed by -Martin Alley, has sued out aud j
obtained a warrant against ilabrilla Stone, j
whom she charges With aiding, abetting and
procuring tiie murder of her husband, j
This woman is in someway connected with
Mr. Alley, and is supposed to be the one j
coi_-*ri_ng whom the whole difficulty arose.
(iabrilla Stone was arrested this morning
1 a_d brought before Justice White. The
j evidence being bean! Calirilla Sunn: was i
Ci-IAH-E-n WITH UICIAMY. John j
I "Francis was tried this morning in the Po- j
I lice court, charged with bigamy, upon a
j Warrant sued out by Caroline Smith, who
claims that she was lawfully married.to 1
I .-.aid John Francis. The evidence being
I heard, Francis was discharged, mid Care- j
1 line retired minus a husband.', Caroline
I thought she could get married, but declared i
her experience was sufficient to satisfy the I
j most intense admirer of the ceremony.
Drew a Large House.—Our much j
1 valued eotemporary, the Kiir/uirer, say-.
"Mr. Morris, the Dutch commedian, drew
a large house last nighl." Wo acknow-
I ledge the truth of its remarks so far as the
sLe of the house is concerned, but "can't
3 sco it," if our neighbor desired to make the
I impression that there was a large crowd
I present. The people were few and far be-
Thb Routeof Old John Rohin.sonV.
Mam mot ii Tiiit _i: Tent Show
I THROUGH THE STATES 01*' YIIMUMA
and Nokth Carolina, viz r—Burke**
ville, SxLurday, (let. 7th; Danville, Mon
day, Oth: plover, Tuesday, 10th; Rich
mond, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday,
October llift. 12th and 18th' Petersbui-g
I 10th; Tarboro', Tuesday, 17th Rocky
Mount, Wednesday, 18th; Wilson, Thurs
day, 10th; Ooldsboro' Friday, 20th; Ral
eigh, Saturday, -Ist; ilillsboro', Monday,
L'.'tnl; Greensboro', Tuesday, 2Uh; Salis
bury, Wednesday, 85th Charlotte, Thtirs-
HJOCfI—M v.—The State Committee of the
IVmocrntic party announces this morning a
brilliant array of talent to go out among the
i people, and deceive and cheat them as to
the policy of Democracy.
hile we may not, be able to put again-,
these gentlemen, men of such distinguish! i
abilities, we are thrice armed with a cause
that is just; and however unable to compete
in the use and flow of words our speak ci
may be, the truths they are enabled to cnu
nieiate will overwhelm and destroy the On
thaori—i of our adversaries.
Our friends may rest assured tint Di
mocracy, feeling the desperation of it
cause, has selected iti best nnd ablest no
to tight the last struggle ever to be made i
Virginia. Wilh tins struggle, the nionst'
j will gasp its last breath and go down undo
the waters of oblivion amid the rejoicing
of a free and disenthralled people. 3
I mote it be! So mote it be
Tickets fob Sale to the Mam
I moth Cahavan Menagerie andCik
cus Comino to Richmond fob tiihki
Days, the 11th, 12th and 13th.—
Old John Robinson would respectfully say
to his many friends and patrons in the cit.
of Richmond and vicinity, who are desirous
of witnessing his mammoth threc-tei t
show, with their families, and do not wis i
to be delayed by the annoyance of crowi
ing through the masses wliich always bt
siege the ticket wagon, that he has place
tickets for sale at tiie following places
viz.
West _ Johnston's, booksellers and sta
tioners, No. 1(100 Main street; Hodcker
Dade, druggists, No. 14*11 Main street;
jK. A. Ambold's music store, No. 920
Main street, and at James C. Roy's, book
seller and stationer, corner of Ninth and
The price of admission will be 75 cents
for adults, and 50 cents for children under
Election oi*' Sipkkintkndknt op
John Ambler Smith was elected last night
by the City Central Committee, (Superin
tendent of Registration and Flections for
the city of Richmond. We trust Mr.
Smith will now go to work, and make ju
dicious selections among Republicans whom
he can svDettr by, lo assist him during flu
coming campaign., and that he will become
an anxious inquirer alter the gentlemen
who are known as having heretofore sold
tn the Democratic party as many Republi
can votes as it required to carry former
elections. AYe have one or two of these
gentlemen on our books, and their names
are at the service of Superintendent Smith.
Come and see us, Supjt!
Old John's Time Coming.—To-mor
row, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday,
are the days set apart for old John Robinson
to visit Richmond with his monster combina
tion show. The grand street parade will take
place iv the morning, and the first perform
ance, of which there will be two each day,
will take place to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock J', M. The doors will be open at
BmmUiS, October 9th, S P, M.—Olil John Ro
binson with his big show ha- I'lirrii'il the city by
storm. Thousands of people- were nnabln lo gain
admission, owing to the crowded state of ihe \r.i
vilions. Old John, with his accustomed liberali
ty, gore I hem an extra pcrfbrniuiice, Everybody
was eniiiiisiitsiic in declaring it tiie beet mow
thill evcrc.'ime South, and all will go every day
tlii- week, for old John comes mil once a ye*ir.
BPRIAL Ckremoniiss.—This afternoon
at 4 o'clock, Jefferson Lodge, Knights of
Pythias, and Uimmon Lodge, I. O. 11.
will turn out to bury Hie remains of their
parted this life on Monday evening at 10
first alliiction of its character met with by
the former Lodge. The procession promi
ses to be all that could be desired on such
I mournful occasions.
LOSKO-- l"OK THE Siiow.—Although
the advertised hour for the commencement
of the performance of Robinson's great
combination exhibition has been fixed at S
be thrown open nt hall-past twelve o'clock.
Thi-: .arrangement is to give time to sec the
rare am.' magnificent animals before the cii
cus performance commences.
Tiie grand street parade will take place
between the hoflrs of and 10 o'clock
'riie reputation of Mr. Robinson, who is
predict. Mr. Robiih-on will reap a rich har
vest by paying us a visit,
CIIAKfIED WfTII r.Vt'ENDIAUISM.—
Henry- Bookman, :i resident of this city,
living corner of Third and Ma- 1 streets,
having been charged by John M. Smith
with having offered him seventy-five doli_ rs
to set fire to and burn down his (Bed--1
man's) house, which is insured for 81,2011,
was called this morning for a hearing in the
Police Court. The case not being ready
for trial, Mr. Ueckman was bailed until
Thursday next, in the sum oi $1,000.
j clerk of the Hustings court, authorizes urn
to state that notices for the new registration
I of voters have been printed, aud are ready
for delivery to registrars. The law requires
1 that these notices must be posted on or be
j fore the 13th instant, ten days before the
opening of the books. The notices will be
delivered to registrars on application to Mr.
I Jenkins, at his olfice, City Hall.
was elected elmirinau of the Republican
I City Central Committee last night, vice I.
*£r"iViiirkptin_ Mail* Easy —Messrs. Sinn*,.
nutty k Amman™ Have, opened ii provisio i store
i the corner of Main and Third streets, under
St. Albans Hull, where families can obtain their
entire market supplies of Frksh tun, Y-het.
--ih.es, Uutteb, Eon*, boith, _c, nt any time
from -I A. M. Io 10 P. M. All articles guaranteed
to bo lhe best the market nll'ords, and sold at the
lowest cash prices. This establishment is a great
i-.jti\enieuo* to ilie people, and should be liberally
natron i/.ed.
g_T"Oiie oi' those handsome store-rooms lv
SI. Alban's hall, comer of Main and Thin Ist reels,
has just been opined by our young friend, fi. (I.
Thompson, who has it complete .lock of Groce
hies, Wises, Lioiors, lo -which the atten
tion of tho public i-. invited.
-B*
igj?'A Habit Is a Habit.—<Urcat social evils
aud abuses, which iii'.erf**re with marriage, h
Pirospects and hapjinoss of thousands
g. Sure means of relief for the err
'oiinnaie, diseased a_d thiMlitatad,
ned by calling ut Da. Woi.i-ott's I'-ix
OE, No. 207 Fifth ItrWl, I"
Iroud.
advice i-i given ln_, none need _ai
.11 communications unwn_ prompt-
■1 j
News to 10 O'Clock this A. M
APPALLING DETAILS
T at
OFFERS OF ASSISTANCE
last under control, Three-quarters of the
city lying north of the river is in ruins.
Chicago, October 9—*> P. M.—Thecnlir
business part of thu oily north of Twelff i
street, on all sides of the river and branches
is destroyed. Ilvcry printing office, hotel,
antl railroad depot is burned. The whole
north side i.s reported destroyed. A large
district is still burning on the west side,
north of Twelfth street.
The fire has been stayed at Harrison
street. From thence to Division street,
nnd from the river to the lake —-an area o
four miles long and one wide—is all swept
The wind is blowing a gale from the
southwest. A change to the north is al
most sure to sweep the entire residence dis
trict south of Twelfth st-eet.
It is asserted that the water-works arc
still all riglif, but that the water has been
shut off from the south side to supply the
demand on the north side.
Thousands are leaving the city by every
available means. Great hunger and suffer
ing is inevitable.
Kverv city and town offers assistance, i
Buffalo" subscribes $100,000; Cincinnati, j
these subscriptions, the mayor asks cooked j
food for the suffering.
Firemen from other cities are en route for
Chicago. Great credit is given the tele- j
graph superintendents for what they have I
done in getting communication from the
awful work of destruction still goes on with
relentless fury from Harrison street iv the I
south to Division street in the north, and
from the river to the lake, an area of four
miles in length by one in width.
The flames have swept everything before
them. It is estimated that at least 100,000 I
neoph) are homeless and in a suffering con-
ditibn. The streets in the districts still tin
burned are lined for miles with such house
hold goods as have been saved from de
|;oncrous offerings of assistance, in
bod, or anything else wanted, arc
i from almost every city and town
ater-works are entirely destroyed.
are being blown up in the lint? of
o arrest its progress. It is now
that the spread of the lire south- j
i been stayed at Harrison street,
he north side there is no diminu
s fury, and that entire division of
is evidently doomed to utter de
are grave fears that the flames may
3 the west side of the north branch
iver, and the inhabitants of the
—treat the river ate already moving
of supposed greater safety,
t'estern Union Telegraph company
v six wires working, east and south,
into temporary offices at the cor
tate and Sixteenth streets.
Northwestern Railroad company is
trains on both its branches, wliich
,-dcd with fleeing citizens.
;iablo gentleman has just arrived
i north division, who brings the
itelligence that the water-works are
God giant that it may prove
-possible no* tl fef* a approxi
•orrect statemen- ol l i e 1 s es ut
lea may l_? formed ;,-henit lsstatcil
ry bank in the city, except snX
itutions on Twenty -second .s. reetj
)uth division, and one on lUndolp'. 1
a the west division, are destroy-.!; j
lesale stores, all retail establish- j
he po.sto_i.ee, court-house, Chamber j
o Commerce, every hotel in the south eli
sion, except the Michigan Avenue hotel,
hich, standing in the, extreme southern
vision, escaped, though badly scorched,
id every newspaper office were destroyed. I
The Tribune building, which was sup
ised to be lire-proof, finally succumbed,
•Ivery theatre, six of Hie largest elevators,
ie immense depots of the Michigan, South
m, and Illinois Central railroads, a score
f churches, and much of the shipping in
te river, are all destroyed. Men who
'ere millionaires yesterday morning, are
early penniless to-day but more terrible j
llian all is the fact that certainly many have
icrished in the Haines. How many no one I
ran tell. Perhaps no one will ever be able
to tell; but it is known that many have
icrished, and there IS only the heiirt-sick
■ning fear that the victims wiW be counted j
iy scores. I
Hundreds of horses and cow_ have been
inrned in the slabios, anil on the north
ido numbers of animals which were re
cused from confinement were SO bewildered
and confused by the sea of fire that sur
•ounded them that they rushed wildly to
and fro, uttering cries of fright and pain,
until scorched and killed.
Any attempt at description of the scenes
of this appalling calamity would be idle.
I'hey are summed up in the facts that the
Knee great city of Chicago is destroyed,
nd that hundreds of millions of active
■1 here have vanished, and nearly one
jf Chicafeo'. inliabitants are houseless
lependent. To embellish would bo
triit with evident dread that a sudden
change of wind may turn the flames on that
portion of the city yet undestroyod.
There seems to be, however, no serious
cause of apprehension that the fire will ex
tend further in that direction.
Firemen from other cities are constantly

i'*il. Wilson, superintendent of the tele
graph, is in receipt of dispatches from the
leading cities announcing that aid _ being
prepared for the sufferers.
t olonel Crowrv, of St. Louis telegraphs
that **70,000 have been subscribed by the
merchants of that city,
Cincinnati promises $200,000, and Cleve
land is proportionately generous, although
a great deal more will be required to re
lieve the immediate wants of the sufferers.
Everything is being done by General Stec
gcr and his assistants to keep up communi
cation for the citizens and press with the
world outside.
About three-forths of the United States
mail was saved nnd taken possession of by
Col. Wood, of the Postal Service.
Washington, Oct. 0, MidniglU. lhc
latest disp'atchos from Chicago convey the
additional appalling intelligence that the
winil has veered round to the north, and
the fire is now raging in the southern part
of the city, and has again driven out the
operators of the Western Union Telegraph 1
company from their office, which had been J
opened at nightfall at the corner of State 1
and Sixteenth streets, a quarter of a mile
i from any signs of the effects of tbe fire.—
The office will be reopened two miles fur-1
flier south. It is now reported that all
hopes of saving the city have been given
up, and tliat is doomed to destruction.
The fire is still progressing to the north
ward, and has passed Lincoln Park.
New York, Oct, o.—l A. M.—Bad news i
continues to come from Chicago. Tiie
wind to-night has veered round to the north
and is driving the Hames back upon the j
southern portion of the city, which has
hitherto escaped and was deemed safe. It
is now reported that there is little hope of
saving the southern district if the wind con
tinues high.
The improvised telegraph office has been
abandoned on account of the lire reaching
it, and communication wilh the city is
again suspended. Tt is expected that an
other will be established durihg the night
two miles further south. The operators, I
before leaving tlieir instruments, reported
that the wind had veered to the north, and
was driving the flames back and southward, j
They are compelled to flee. Their last
words were, "There now appears no hope
BUSINESS PANIC IN NEW YORK!
THE END AT LAST.
Tl___F_l_l_»TJ_-->TT___>: j
The Great lire—lnsurance Companies Sue- I
pendiug—Great Excitement In New York-- I
Business Suspended--The Fire -nabated al
2:90 A. M-Fcarful Loss or Lire hy Fallina
Walls, fee, -c, Sec.. _c.
New York, (ictober 10.—Many insur
ance companies have temporarily suspended
to see how they stand in regard to the
losses by the Chicago fire. All will pay
up as rapidly as possible, and have begun
arrangements to that effect.
Life Insurance companies have many
illious loaned npon real estate security
Chicago but as their rule i.s to require
and security alone, they will be more than
cured. They apprehend no loss.
The excitement here is in no wise abated,
'here is an immense sale for all the city
itipers. Business is generally suspended.
A Special to the I'imes, dated Chicago,
20 A. M., says that Chicago is in ruins,
and the fire still burning in the western I
i vision of tho city. Taylor and llalstead
s reefs ate swept, and the water-works
•cut early.
A fearful loss of life has been occasioned
Ten thousand business men will be com
piled to make assignments. An insurance
rash is inevitable.
The river is impassable, except at bridge
No. The other bridges are burned.
his fcaii'l th- bri,, _ c ri wiU
crushed by tho -ferwhelming travel.
The railroads llltvc ceased to run, and
consequently tlwre tli* no mails.
Tiie present loss id estimated at sjs.oo,
--100,000. Fire-proof buildings burned like
littler.
Few business houses saved even their
tapers.
No papers can be published until type
comes from elsewhere.
Some vessels escaped by being sent adrift
The origin of the fire was in a stable,
where a woman went to milk with a kero-
A large number of firemen have been
fctThe Convent of Mercy was burned. The
pavements were also burned.
One hundred scMs_ivs in the South Bivi-
Thereare 100,000 employ es out ofen.-
The county records were saved, and the
New York, Oct. 10—11 A.M.—At Mid
night last night, the Western Onjnii Tele
j graph Office, which had been located Oil the
dvrntno, 9 tate journal
Ornrial Payer lor Hie toTcrnairnl.
RATES OF ADVERTISING.
OWE DOLLAR per square of eight lines, soLd
-oopaiiet.
SPECIAL RATES maife nt counter, »r ly
contract, with regular patrons.
In consequence of approach of the tire,
at 3 o'clock this morning, notice wasgivtn
that the fire was again upon them and they
mast make further retreat. Since that
J time there has been no communication
with the city.
Washington, Ootober 10 —1 P. M.—
Steam engines and provisions are going to
Chicago from all points. Nearly cvei j
theatre is playing for the relief of the sul-
The very latest accounts state that all is
burned north of Harrison street, between
the river and the Lake, northward lo the
extreme north limit of the city. Xot n
building is left, and even the trees of bin
coin Park are destroyed.
The government is bringing all its resour
ces for the relief of the sufferers, and all tin*
railroads are earning .applies free, by fust
[Fourth Dispatch,]
THE FIRK SUBDUED.
Washington, Oct. 10, 1:30 P. M.—A
heavy rain at Chicago has checked the fire.
This statement is confirmed through regu
lar and official channels.
I ACTION OF THE NEW YORK STOCK
j BOARD—HEAVY FAILURES HEI'ORT
j ED —STOCKS DEPRESSED, AC, At.
Neie York, October 10. —In the Stock
Board to-day, a motion to donate 138,000
to the Chicago sufferers, was referred lo
the governing committee, with power to in
crease as much as the treasury would
I allow, under $50,000.
1 It is reported that three heavy houses'
I have failed.
Stocks are greatly depressed, with a de
cline in the whole list. The Western stocks
are not called in the Hoard to-day.
CONFUSION IN NEW YORK.
New York, Oct. 10.—Many failures are
pending here, and all i.s confusion.
THE EFFECT IN PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia, Oct. 10.— Two proinita-n.
brokers suspended this morning, in con-
quence of the Chicago calamity.
THE EFFECT OF TIIE NEWS IN
London, October 10.—The news of the
Chicago conflagration excites general sym
pathy here, and has depressed American
securities.
NOVEL, BUT SUBSTANTIAL SYMPATHY.
Cincinnati, Oct. 10. —Several Jewish St>
ieties hatl balls here last night, with
umptuous supper. They enjoyed the
ancing, but sent the suppers to Chicago.
___—, m
From Vtur.
HRIC+HAM ADMITTED TO UAH..
SaULalce Ci'g, Oct. o.—Brigham Yoi.tig
was arraigned to-day, n-id admitted to I ail
n the sum of $5,000.
Wife Murder--Dentil from Hydrophobia.
Baltimore., Md., October 10.—Itilius
lirtin, colored, beat his wife to death \isl
nuht.
Charles Ford, a private watchman, \t ho
ha 1 been previously bitten by a rabid cog
died th's morning from hydrophobia.
The Texas Elertioi s.
New Cileaiit, October 10.—The Texas
election, as far as littml from, gives the fall
owing Democratic majorities In the First
district, five counties, 515; Second district,
seven counties, 0,361 Third district, thir
teen counties, 568, and the Fourth district,
twenty-five counties, n,735.
MARRIED.
Al Oakwell, Nottowav county, Va ,on Wed
nesday, October 4ih, Capt. W. P. ROBINSON
ot Daiiville, to Mis- BLANCHE 1!. STH_OBj
daughter ot Rev. T. W. Svdno..
DIED.
In nooehland county, on the S'Jih September,
at the residence of her father, KARELIA A.,
wife of M. R. Woodson, of Hanover conuly, In
In Birmingham, Pa., on the atli in HENRY
LIF.SFIELDT, aged GO years.
On the 9th instant, in thi- city, HENRY HAli-
ItlS, son of Michael Harris, ug.-.l ::l Uli.
(in ihe Ist inst, RICHARD OIIAFHIN, Infant
son ofH. B. and Sarah 11. t.'htililn, «t»d 1.1 month
~_J_USElttEN_s7
I ItTlM«>!_J iii-A'fHE.
PROPRIETRESS Mas. W. T. POWELL.
Ltmited engagement of the celebrated comedian.
MR. D. L. MORELS,
who will appear THIS EVENING, and pjrerj
night nun) further notice, in the new and amu-
IlehiTelch Stralenheim.' Mr. I>. L. MORRIS.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, MATINEE OF
DOLLARS.
Prices of admission to the imiiinei', iV) and _
oc li—3t
FOE RENT
IpOR RENT—Two targe inVELLIIN-S.,
1 with modern conveniences—-one villi lar-J
rla£e_oi_~ and stable attached, near the coru.-i
of Leigh and Adams streets. Apply to
so 30--lmeod« GRUBBS WILLIAMS.
WANTS.
WANTED--* »I!T NURsK, V.itlioul ii*
cumbrance and well recommended. Apply
at Room No. 11, Exchange Hotel. m- 7 r.i
M-Dlao" W-ttn,
October lid, IS7I.
k T A REtiULAR MEETINO OF Till
__. Republicans of this Ward, the follow,.
Resolution was adopted unanimously
Resolved, That when this meeting adjourns il
•.-ill mlioiirji to meet at "Union Hoiel," on
-.eventl* street, on TUESDAY NUT HT, Or torn i
I inth, at 8 o'clock, and that lion. Charles }l Roi
ter Col. John R. Popham, Dr. Charles 11 Milh
Rev Wm. Troy, H. L. Kent, Henry Miller, .loin.
Rankin and George Arnold be invited to adiln
ihe meeting.
In compliance wilh tho above nsoluuon Hi.
i above named gentlemen who have heini invited
are expected to be present. All Republicans are
I Invited to attend.
By onler of President Joseph Cox.
oc9-St Tints; s ITKiK'S -J** -v
I ritAX HAVERS Of MA.'*-**---" '-iv ut.
JL SHIP.—I hereby give noii.-e io tin- nix
of Manchester Township, Clw-terflrtd
tlutt 11 their State, County, Township aud School
taxes for the year 1871 are not immediately paid
to me I shall make them by levy and g-t-i— lee,
with costs added. If I have to call upon pan!
they must be ready to pay at first call, the law
gives me no time to wait upon them
Collector Manchester 'Powmn_|i.
I Manchester, Va., Oot*ber 7, 1871.
«c 7—S_Tu-t*
i "VITA-TED— TOP-BUGGY, or n fd_r.sehi
I YY CARRIAGE, In exchange for a city loi
J£ -0 pw T.venlielh slrei-l
T?OR SALE—A LOT OE !.._%_ anioiui...
Jf Baltimore Steamboat she I. Bn. _. or mr
rtage taken in exelumge.