mm' I
SALISBURY, CONN.
Friday Morning, Dec. 8th, 1871."
STATE NEWS.
A $14,000 brick Episcopal church has
been began at Suffield.
Mr. Ira Sherman, formerly oi Danbury,
dropped dead at Newtown Thursday. v
The Dictator and other large government
iron-clads are expected to be laid up at
New London.
A Guilford woman, 93 years old, has
prepared sixty-three Thanksgiving dinners
under the same roof.
Isaac Holmes, aged 90, a aoldier'of 1812
and a pensioner of the government, was
found dead in his bed at New London
Monday morning.
I. W. Miner, formerly of Mystic Bridge,
has been appointed deputy marshal of
Omaha, Nebraska, which office be holds in
connection with bis position as city editor
on the Omaha Tribune and Republican.
The female suffragists prevented a popu
lar actress, "Little Nell," from visiting
Danbury, they haying engaged the Opera
House on the night Bhe wished to play
there.
Charles Deminer, while crossing on the
ice, at New Britain, Thursday, broke
through, went under the ice, uud was
drowned. HU body was recovered the
next morning.
Dr. Burritt, of Bridgeport, recently ex.
tracted from the back of Leonard Clark,
of a Massachusetts regiment, a ininnie ball
which he received eight years ago at the
battle of the Wilderness.
The sulphuric acid works at East Haven
belonging to the New Haven Chemical
Company were destroyed by fire Sunday
morning. The origin of the fire is unknown.
The loss is estimated at $50,000. The
insurance was small.
General Clark Worcester, of Seymour,
died a few days ago, aged 74. He had
been for halt a century engaged in the
metcantile business in theNaugatuck valley.
He was widely esteemed for his kindness
of heart and generous hospitalities.
The Connecticut river Is frozen over
peacemeal from Hartford to Saybrook.
The steamers have stopped running and
adventurous skaters are gliding over the
surface. The little pond at the Park is
crowded with skaters and winter is fairly
set in.
A workman with a long beard at Colt's
armory got it caught in a lathe the other
day. By a mighty effort he pulled it away,
tearing out a bunch of whiskers as large
round as his wrist and a foot long, not,
however, till his nose had been somewhat
mutilated..
Daniel Brennan, at work on the founda
tions of the new sewing machine factory
at Danbury, attempted Saturday to arise a
stone imbedded in the ground, and sprained
his back so seriously as to temporal ily
'paralyze bis lower limbs.
At the late female suffrage meeting at
Trumbull, seventy-five persons were pres
ent. Mr. Gallagher of New Haven. Miss
Brown of Bridgeport, and Miss Burr of Hart
ford, were the speakers. All ladies in the
audience in favor of the movement were
requested to rise, and only one responded.
The new National Insurance Company
at Hartford was organized on Monday,
with Mark Howard President, and James
Nichols secretary. The stock for a new
insurance company, to be called the "Ori
ent," and to be managed by the machinery
of the "City," Insurance Company is nearly
all taken.
Rev. William Taylor, of Liverpool has
received a call from Rev. Dr. Thompson's
church in New York to become its pastor.
A salary of $9,000 a year and the expense
of the voyage over are offered Mr. Taylor.
Mr. Taylor preached last spring at New
Haven and is an able and earnest divine.
The jury in the case of Mr. A, M. Ives,
killed on Friday, at Wnitneyville, rendered
a verdict that he came to his death in con
sepuence of a collision between his wagon
and a horse and buggy driven by Charles
J. Pickett, of New Haven, said horse and
buggy being driven in a careless and reck
less manner by said Pickett, he being in a
state of intoxication at the time.
The Washington Republican says: "A
young woman was sent to a New Jersey
jail a day or two ago, for drunkenness.
Once she was the belle of New Haven,
where she married a rich man, and had one
child. Unfortunately, she learned to drink,
and her child dying, became intemperate,
her husband at last killing himself in des
pair. United States Commissioner Morris H.
Seymour is presiding at the trial of the
Bridgeport post office thieves. Samuel B.
Sumner and Judge Bullock are defendants
and L. N. Middlebrook, Esq., for the
government. The prisoners are both quite
genteel looking, and appear to take their
arrestvery coolly.
The body of Mr. William T. Norton, of
Norwich.a passenger on the ill-fated steamer
City of New London, has not been recov
ered, and a reward of $1,000 has been
offered to the finder. A fireman claims to
have seen some one standing on the deck
just before the side of the boat fell over,
and it is supposed to have been Mr. Nor
ton, and that he perished in the flames.
The New London Northern railroad has
been leased by the Vermont Central for
twenty years, tne latter paying ten per
cent, per annum on the capital stock in
cluding the bonds of the former. This
puts seven hundred miles of. road under
the control of the Vermont Central and
makes direct connection between Duluth
and New London.
The report of the free public bath house
in New Haven shows that it was opened
June 17th and closed September 30th. The
whole number of baths taken during the
summer was. Males, 15,610; females,
2,873 total, 18,610. The highest number
of baths taken in any one day was 888, on
July 6th, and the lowest number was 1, on
September 28tb.
Mr. Eli Hempsted formerly of New
Haven died recently in that city from
bleeding of the lungs. He had been an
inmate of the Hartford insane asylum
several years ago, and bad pushed a watch
key up his nose so far that it was impos
sible to remove it. He was removed from
the asylum and experienced little trouble
from the key until recently. His case was
so singular that the physicians made
vott mortem examination, when they found
the key imbedded in the lower part of the
lung and surrounded by a lump in a state
of mortification. The key had dropped
out of the nose through the windpipe into
the long tnd had remained there OYer two
yew-
Robbery of Postage Stamps.
The Bridgeport Post Office was robbed
between twelve and one o'clock last Friday
afternoon of over $3,000 worth of stamps.
At. the time only Mr. Tracey, the Postmas
ter, and one clerk were in the office, it
being an hour when but little is doing.
Two men came in and while one of them
was talking with Mr. Tracey at the delivery
the other engaged the attention of the
clerk. The man who conversed with Mr.
Tracey pretended to have some important
matter to talk over and wanted his "undi
vided attention.'' After talking awhile Mr.
Tracey heard the door opening into the gen
eral business office close, and looked around,
whereupon the two men immediately left.
The theft was discovered at once. The
thief probably entered the office, while the
Postmaster and his clerk were busy talking
with bis two pals, and climbing over the
desk abstracted the stamps from the safe.
One of the two men was arrested by Officer
Arnold at the depot before one o'clock and
locked up. He pretends to know nothing
of the affair and says he hails from New
Jersey. Capt. Rylands and the Post Office
clerk got on board the 12:40 train to go to
Norwalk and watch the trains, and found
the second man on the train. He was ar
rested and brought back by the 2:09 train.
The real thief is yet at large. He was not
seen sufficiently to be described accurately,
The police are on the alert and it is hoped
he will soon be caught.
One of the men arrested is recognized as
having been in the Banking Office of Hatch
Watson, previous to the robbery of the
Post Office, and conversed with the clsrk
concerning reveuue stamps, &c. He acted
suspiciously and was closely watched.
The "City of New London."
Tbe official investigation of the cause
leadiDg to the burning of the City of New
London was began at the Custom House in
New London Wednesday of last week be
fore Philo B. Hovey of New London, and
Mr. Book of New York. Government in
spectors. The Second Engineer, Captain,
Clerk, Second Pilot and J. C. Palmer, one
of the passengers were examined. They
all testified to tbe ample fire extinguishing
apparatus and lift-saving appurtenances of
tbe boat The fire broke out the second
lime about fifteen feet abaft the shaft in
the port gangway and five minutes elapsed
from the time the fire -was discovered be
fore tbe whole boat was enveloped in
flames. The second engineer testified that
he thought the fire was smouldering in the
freight from the time the first fire was dis
covered. No idea how the first file origi
nated can be found.
Mr. Ely, second mate, was to be married to
a Norwich lady, Thanksgiving. There was
Drobablv no person on the boat whose
chances of reaching the shore were better,
or equal to this man's He threw off his
heavy clothes, and was encumbered only
with light undergarments. He was an
excellent swimmer, too, and it was a matter
of great surprise that he was lost. When
found he was within a few feet of tbe
shore. Benjamin Purdy, the cook, weighs
nearly 300 pounds. He had to be towed
ashore.
Tney Read But Don't Pay.
"It not unfrequently occurs, when per
sons are asked it tney will suDscriDe lor a
local newspaper, or if they already take it,
that they reply 'No, but neighbor B, takes
it, and I have the reading of it every week.'
They are benefitted every week by the toils,
perplexities, and expenditures of those who
receive nothing from them in return."
The above truth, clipped from an ex
change, should be copied and re .copied in
every country paper, until the trouble is
abated. The publisher ot a newspaper,
depending, as he does in a measure, upon
his subscription list for support, naturally
expects each family who desire to read his
paper to subscribe for it, if they can afford
it. Subscribers themselves, as well as
publishers, find the newspaper borrower a
first-class nuisance, for he often borrows
it as the owner is about to read it, retains
it at certain times when he misses it, and
too often, if he returns it at all, the paper
is in such a condition that no one of nice
sensibilities would care to read it.
Snow at the West.
Omaha, Deo. 6. The snow on the Paci
fic railroad is still drifting. A freight train
going west struck a drift to-day west of
Sherman, piling twenty cars in ruins. Sev
eral other trains are disabled west of Chey
enne. Same passengers at Laramie com
plain of bad treatment by the division
superintendent and hotel keeper at Lara
mie. The train which left here Saturday
last was blocked at Pine Bluff and returned
to Sidney this afternoon to await the clear
ing of the track. The train dne here from
the west Sunday was fastened in the snow
at Elm Creek Sunday and Monday but is
expected here this morning. A number of
engines are off the track this side of
Cayenne. The western end of the road is
in a still worsq condition and is practically
blocked.
Several cast iron cylinders sustaining the
new high bridge across the Missouri river
are badly cracked by the frost. The coal
supply in this vicinity is nearly exhausted.
Many are using corn for fuel,
COLD WEATHEK IN OHIOA0O.
Chicago, Dec. 5. It is intensely cold.
The themometer is from seven to twelve
degrees below zero. There is an almost
entire suspension of work in the burnt
districts.
Cong-res.
Both houses of congress convened last
Monday at tbe usual hour, and, save the
reading of the President's message and the
announcement of tbe standing committees
by the speaker, no business was transacted.
Owing to the inclemency of the weather,
the galleries were less crowded than usual.
While the President's message was being
read, both senators and representatives paid
respectful attention. This message is re
ceived by us too late for publication this
week, but next week we expect to publish
it entire.
A Complicated Atfaib. A sufferer by
alliances between connections by marriage
thus explains his position "I married a
widow who had a grown up daughter. My
father visited our house very often and fell
in love with my step-daughter and married
her. So my father became my son-in law,
and my step daughter my mother, because
she was my father's wife. Some time
afterward my wife had a son he was my
father's brother-in-law and my uncle, for
he was the brother of my step daughter.
My fathers wife, i. e. my stepdaughter, had
also a son he was of course my brother,
and in the meantime my grandchild, for
he was the son of my daughter. My wife
was my grandmother, because she was my
mother's mother. I was my wife's husband
and grandchild at the same time. And as
the husband of a person's grandmother is
bis grandfather, I was my own grandfather.
THE THIRD PARTY.
Editor News. We all understand that
our local paper is neutral in politics, and I
do not wish to interfere with that neutrality
in the least, unless to speak of the proposed
third party wbich is advocated by some
friends of temperance in this state, be po
litical. I presume it is understood that the
movement is intended to be in. the interest
of temperance. There may be political
sore-heads in the enterprise, but the pro
fessed cause is the belter promotion of tem
perance. Tbe present assigned reason for
such action is, that the last legislature failed
to establish a State Constabulary, or to
pass tbe Truman Smith bill. The fact is,
that the erection of a third party, to be
known as a temperance party has been
agitated for two or three years past. I can
see no good to arise from the proposed
movement. As an earnest temperance
man, as an earnest willing worker for tem
perance, I forsee much harm.
In the call for tbe proposed convention
at New Haven, these is as it seems to me,
a captious spirit manifested. By the word
ing of the invitation, I am kept from that
convention, and so is every temperance
worker in the state, who feels as I do. It
was evidently pre-determined that the con
vention should be in no sense a conference
of the friends of temperance, but that cer
tain work should be done. I desire to
interfere with tbe personal liberty, or the
conscience of jio one, and 1 acknowledge
the legal right of a few men to meet and
do what they think best, but desire tlnni to
remember that there is such ti thins' as
moral accountability. Individu.il judge
ment is a good thing, but no mtiii has a
right to set up his individual opiniob, and
say that tbe community in wbich he lives
shall be governed by it. So in the com
munity at large, in -the state a few men
have no moral right to say that their judge,
ment shall be followed, or tbey will take n
course which shall hazard the causa all are
trvine to serve. If the movers in this
matter propose to say that none are tem
perance men, but those who favor a dis
tinct political organization in the state,
then I think time will prove the number to
be indeed small.
What we need in Connecticut, is the
establishment of a temperance sentiment,
wbich shall reach and pervade all classes.
We need temperance work in every town,
village and hamlet. We need an active
church an active Christianity in this mat
ter.- We need to invite and convince men
We cannot drive them. The stream can
not rise higher than its fountain. It is
worse than useless to enact laws which the
people will not enforce. The whole people,
or rather, the people as a whole, are in
favor of the enforcement ot every law
wbich is carried out. And all laws made
which remain dead, are worse than useless.
It is said by some persons, that a state
constable, a stranger in any given com
munity,vould carry out tbe law. Granted
but if by some special combination a con
stabulary law should be enacted, it could
not be retained upon our statute books
unless a majority ot the voters of the state
were in favor, heartily in favor of it. Its
enactment and its repeal would be an in
jury. We have in the state now, a good tem
perance law, and it arrests and entirely
prevents rumselling in every town, when
the sentiment of the people is so strongly
in its favor that it can be carried out. There
is at the present time a temperance revival
going on in many parts of the state. In
this town, during the past 18 months, 660
have signed the pledge. Now, Mr. Editor,
take the strong partizan and tell him that
fealty to bis new obligation demands con
trol of bis party action at once, and he will
bolt. The temperance cause loses time
and thereby suffers, and the man himself
suffers, for he will in many cases, prove
being too weak to withstand the demand
of appetite, and the seduction of old party
influences. In short, when the time comes
for political action in favor of temperance,
independently of every other consideration,
there is no doubt but the great body of
earnest temperance men will be ready to
join in tbe movement. That time has not
arrived, and I desire to protest against such
action as, taken by a limited minority, shall
embarrass and roll backward the grand
movement. X.X.X.
Tbe Silver Bullet.
Mr. Editor. Noticing in the NEwsyour
remarks concerning old newspapers, re
minded me of a few I have for many years
carefully preserved. In one of them
find an article corroborating tbe once much
doubted report of a spy in the Revolution
ary war swallowing a silver bullet as soon
as he was arrested, which contained a letter
from one British general to another. If
you will grant me a little space in the
News, I will give you what the Connecti
cut Vourant of Oct. 21st, 1777, says of it.
mat paper contains a letter from Gen.
Geo. Clinton (Governor of the state of New
York,) to Gen. Putnam, dated, New Widsor,
uci. II, j 777, wnicn is cioseci as loiiows.
"In consequence of a severe tartar
emetic, which I ordered to be given to the
spy, I have in my possession a silver bullet
from which 1 nave taken a letter from
Clinton, (H. C. Clinton tbe British Gen
eral,) to Burgoyne, which the enclosed is
an exact copy. With esteem, I am, Dear
General, your obedient servant."
Geo. Clinton.
Copy of the letter found in the silver
bullet.
Fort Montgomery, Oct. 8th, 1777,
"Nous'y void, and nothing now between
us but Gates. I sincerely hope this little
success of ours mar facilitate vour ODDer-
ations. In regard to your letter of the 21st
Sept. by C. O, I shall only say, I cannot
presume to order or even advise, tor rea
sons obvious, l neartly wish you success,
Faithfully yours. H. Clinton.
To Gen. Burgotne.
The "little success" SDoken of in the
above silver bullet letter, probably alludes
to the taking of Fort Montgomery a short
time previous by the British, but the hope
that it might facilitate Burgoyn's oppera-
tions was soon turned to grief, for the same
number of the Courant announces the sur
render of Burgoyne and bis whole army
to Gen. Gates on the 17th of Oct. 1777.
wrjur. .Leonard C. Kiggs, late junior
member of tbe firm of H. McConnell
Co. of Cincinnati, (the to-be Business
Manager and junior Publisher of the Re
corder, under the new firm name of "L.
G. L. C. Riggs Co."), left Concinnati,
with his family, for the East, this morning,
(4th), and will arrive in Merriden to-mor
row night, Merriden Recorder.
We congratulate the Recorder on the
addition of another Riggs to that establish
ment. We had thought that journal with
Brother Luther G. at the helm, good
enough but with another "of the same
sort" added, we scarcely know what to
expect.
Richard Dugan, charged with the murder
of Michael Kierce, Nor. 24th, has been
held for trial at the next term of the supe
rior court, which, meets Dec, 12th.
We shall feel crreatlv oblieed to anv of our
friends in tha conntv. or elsewhere, who will lend
us particular of any occurrences of interest which
may come mnaer meir nonce.
Connecticut Western News.
Extra Copies of the News can he obtained at
Post Office In this Village.
Grant Sweet's Lakeville.
C. French's Lime Rock.
Post Office Cornwall Bridge.
Humphrey's Drug Store Canaan
Poet Office Norfolk.
Subscribe NO Wf We will give tbe News
from now to January 1st, 1872, for $2.00,
to all who subscribe and pay in advance.
Remember: Thirteen months for $2.00.
Robbed. There is a report that a man
wos robbed in our Main street last Friday
night, but from all we can leornjeoncerning
tbe matter, have grave doubts of its being
a very serious affair.
Thanksgiving Last Thursday was tbe
coldest Thanksgiving we have bad in ten
years. Services were neia in ooiu cuurcues
iu this village, which were rather shmly at
tended. The sermons were most excellent,
and if seems too bad there were so few to
hear them. Why can't these sermons be
repeated Who will ask that they may be
Venture." Somebody from Sharon
wrote to us over this nom deplume. Tbe
correspondence is good but we want to
known the true name. We think very
likely we shall soon get through pumping
correspondents for 'their name, and chuck
their communications iuto the waste bas
ket. Tell us who you are and we'll pub
lish what you sent.
Street Lamp. "Chawles," the lamp
lighter says our street lamps are frozen,
and will not burn. He labors under a
mistaken idea in regard to the one in front
of Mr. M. Harris' residence. That burned
all Tuesday night and all day Wednesday,
and is blazing vigorously now. (Wednes
day evening.) That lamp dont freeze.
'Pigeon Shoot." On Thanksgiving morn
ing, a pigeon shoot took place, at Lime
Rock, according to the rules of the New
York Club. The day was inteusly cold and
windy, and the birds were all "divers.''
We append the score.
A. Duane, 1-1-1-1-16
C. W. Barnum, 0-l-l-l-l 4
W. Barnum, 0-1-0-1-0 2
Dead out of bounds.
Misnomer. The Danbury News, in
speaking of the music at the opera bouse,
incorrectly named the band which dis
coursed it, and called it tbe "Ives cornet
band." For this blunder it was "brought
up standing," by an official correction, and
was informed that t7uit band was. the Ama-teurquartettecornetserenadingbondofdanbu-ryfaiifieldcountyconnecticutunitedstatesno-rthamericawesternhemispherebygum.
Fire in CottinsviUe.The barn ot Brad
ford Marcy, of Collinsville, was burned
Saturday night with its contents. Three
valuable horses were with difficulty re
moved. The public academy was slightly
damaged, and the lumber yard of Alder
man Son, adjoining, caught fire, but the
greater portion of the lumber was saved.
Loss about $5,000, partially covered by
insurance. It is supposed to be the work
of an incendiary.
Frozen Out. Messrs Levi Bundy, with
their dozen men, were obliged to quit work
on the Salisbury depots -during the intense
cold weather of last week. Last Tuesday,
their ever busy hammers were agayi rattling
around them, though so cold was the weath
er that they were obliged to make them
fly lively to keep the frost out. With good
weather these depots will soon be ready
for the masons.
Coal. Notwithstanding the extreme cold
weather for the season of the year, coal,
at the action sale in New York last week,
fell 50c. per ton. Our Norfolk correspon
dent this week speaks of the price of coal
in Norfolk as $8,50 per ton. This Norfolk
coal goes through our village on the Conn.
Western, and after climbing 14 or 15 miles
of mouutains, is retailed for $8,50. Coal
retails in Salisbury for $9,00 per ton. Com
ment is unnecessary.
"Ona Tear."-The Wachocastinook brook,
alias Mt. Riga stream, which seems to
possess such an attachment for the town
of Salisbury, as to travel over nearly every
part of it before it finally discharges into
another stream, last week became so filled
with "anchor ice," as to dam it up in
numerous places along it's course, and as a
consequence overnowea its banks and
wandered over the meadows in a manner
seldom witnessed in the lifetime of the
"oldest inhabitant," from tbe same cause.
Fire. Last Thursday afternoon, at about
3 o'clock, the house owned by Mr. P. L.
Barton, and which was only a short dis
tance south of bis residence, and occupied
by widow Morey, was discovered on fire.
Mrs. Morey was at her daughter's in this vil
lage, eatingThanksgiving supper, and knew-
notbing of the destruction of her home till
on her way there. When first -descovered,
the fire had made such progress, that to
save the building or any of its contents
was impossible. In this fire Mrs. Morey
loses all she possessed in the world, save
the clothes she wore.
Ihose Regular Trains. There is a report
which is said to have come direct from
head quarters, that two passenger trains,
with the necessary freight trains, will com
mence running regularly on the Conn.
Western road, between Millerton and New
Hartford, on Monday next. This report
is in a measure corroborated by the fact of
one of our citizens, who is understood to
be engaged as a conductor on the road, being
ordered last Wednesday to report forth
with at Winsted. These "reports", with
which the atmosphere is filled, are valuable,
but on account of our constantly increasing
stock of them, will sell this, the very latest,
remarkably cheap.
Burglary at Fast Canaan. A burglari
ous entrance was effected into the store of
Mr, Lyman Dunning of East Canaan on
jrnaay mgnt or last weeK, and quite a
large amount of goods taken therefrom.
A large portion of them were found on
Sunday, secreted.in woods back of Barnum
Richardson Co's furnace. Circumstantial
evidence of a strong nature led tothe ar
rest of a frenchman by tbe name of Bion,
who for several years past has been in tbe
employ of the above mentioned iron com
pany, and has by economical and industri
ous habits, acquired a good reputation as
well as a nice little fortune. He was- ar
raigned before Justice Trescott on Tues
day, but owing to a want of preparation
on part of counsel, the matter was ad
journed some days. In the meantime,
Mr. Frenchman was required to give bail
to the amount of $1,000, or remain in the
custody of the officer. He will undoubt
edly succeed in raising the required amount
of bail, by turning out money deposited in
a Sayings bank, as collateral security.
Conn. Western. Mr. Editor In answer
to the many enquiries why the R. R. Com
pany do not attach a passenger car to their
freight train which passes and repasses
daily between North Canaan and Millerton,
I would say that the company would be
liable to a heavy fine in so doing. No rail
road in this state is allowed to carry pas
sengers till they have first obtained a cer
tificate of acceptance of tbe road from the'
state commissioners which it is said will
be effected in a few weeks. And in tbe
mean time I would further say that tbe
company is not responsible for any acci
dent that might occur to those persons who
are constantly catching rides on the freight
trains, even with the consent of the con
ductors, and even if those who have charge
of tbe trains were in fault. A time table
is now being made, and if every body will
subscribe for the Conn. Western News,
then all will have a good time table, and
one other good thing in addition, to wit, a
good, reliable, truth telling newspaper W.
From Bad to Worse. Somebody asks
us to give those who arc so tardy at church
Sunday mornings, a "blowing up This we
hardly think we will do just now, but
perhaps if we should ask them to try to get
there a little earlier and thus not annoy
tho6u who live so handy by the church,
and. are always on hand sometime before
tbe service commences, us for instance Mr.
Win. Parks Mr. Jewell and others from
Chapinvillc and perhaps some from on
Town hill, and others from Ore Hill Lime
Rock, &c, tbey will undoubtedly see the
reasonableness of the requust and endeavor
to be more punctual. None will duuy the
fact that these, whom we mentioned above,
arc almost invariably among the first there,
and because they live so near to the church,
and it requires so little effort on their part,
in comparison with the task ot us who
live so far away, is no argument for us to
get there after the sermon is commenced.
We were bud enough in this respect,
months ago, but seem now to be growing
rapidly worse. Let us be ashamed of our
selves, and be ou hand earlier, hereafter.
Farmers' Festival. In accordance with
the following programme, a general invita-tiou-is
issued to the farmers of Litchfield
county, to gather at Litchfield to exchange
greetings, to renew old acquaintances and
form new ones. The wives and daughters
should not be left at home. We hope to
see them out in strong force, to make.this
enterprise a success.
FARMERS REUNION.
For Litchfield county,
To be held at the Mansion House,
Litchfield, Dec. 24th, 1871.
DISCUSSION AT 12 M.
Question. In what manner can our
agricultural societies be rendered more use
ful! dinner at 3 P. M.
All those interested in agriculture, and
in making rural life happier and more use
ful, are invited to be present.
Nathan Hart, f
President,
S. D. Northwat. I
T. S. Gold. J Commmittee of
S. W. Ensign. Arrangements,
T. L. Hart,
Abija Catlin,
Li. J) DOOTT. I
The Third Party. The first communi
cation we have received since we com
menced the publication of the News, which
is of a political character, is this week
published, entitled "The Third Party." Iu
our salutatory, we announced ourself in
readiness to receive political communica
tions from any party, who could ticat the
question of the day in their own chosen
way, so long as tbey were respectful in
their language. It is our wish to receive
no political communications from any
source whatever, but in this desire we can
not expect to be gratified, as another Presi
dential campaign is so soon to commence.
With the space for political discussion
limited to one column per week to any one
party, we shall receive the communications,
and publish them as received, verbatim,
giving to each and to every one an equal
opportunity. As stated in our first paper,
we shall stand entirely aloof from any
participation whatever in the politics of the
country, and the News shall in no wise be
identified with them, safe in the limited
space surrendered to the discussions of the
respective parties by the members thereof.
Side Walks. Mr. George Coffing has
graveled the walk in this village, from some
distance south of his residence to Mr,
Glens' house, and Mr. Glens has now taken
hold of the job and is carrying it through
to the Episcopal church. We understand
others are to commence where he stops, and
it will be graveled to the railroad crossing
north of Mr. Albert Moore's, and perhaps as
far as Mr. Silas B. Moore's residence. This
appears to be purely an individual enter
prise, and our citizens are to be congratu
lated on tbe walks though our village.
There are few villages in this region that
can go ahead of us in this repeat. One
thing we lack amidst so much that is to
our credit. A good walk across tbe street
in front of the post office we have, another
a little further north of that, to connect with
the walk going up past the grove, we also
have, and perhaps others, but the one re
mainine crosswalk needed to make the
"intricate network" of walks and cross
walks complete, is a good one across the
street in front of the office of the Conn.
Western News. Pease, the publisher of
that journal, ought to give liberally toward
tbe construction of such a walk, for the
immense numbers of people who daily
crowd his office, for tbe purpose of adding
their names to his subscription list, ought
to be better accommodated
Wachocastinook." Tbe literary associa
tion of this town who have shouldered
the Indian appellation of Wochocastinook,
held a meeting in the hall in Lakeville last
Monday evening, and considering the in
clement weather was well attended. Mr.
Hurlburt gave his poetical reading as per
announcement, which was well received,
and corroborated the already well estab
lished fact that he is a good reader of such
compositions. Tbe music by the Glee
club was as usual, good. The next meet
ing of this association will be held in the
Academy hall in this village, next Monday
evening at 7 o'clock. There will be a de
bate and singing by the Glee club. There
seems to be something of a misunderstand
ing in regard to conducting these lyceums.
Some entertain the idea that they arc
merely sociables, or gatherings for an even
ing's entertainment, and have said so in
these words. Others understand it difer
entry, or at least that a part of them should
not be regarded in that light, but as meet
ings for social improvement in public
speaking, and that everything concerning
the management of these few special gath
erings, should be conducted in such a man
ner as would best insure tbe accomplish
ment of the purpose designed. Isn't it
best to "ventilate" that question at some
future meeting, and definitely settle the
matter
Episcopal. The Rev. Win. Johnson,
who has recently removed to this village
from Hyde Park on the Hudson, and who
is now officiating at the Episcopal church
in this village, is giving universal satisfac
tion. Not only his parishioners, but those
who occasionally drop in to hear him,
speak of him in tbe highest terms. His
sermons last Sabbath were indeed able
productions, and instead of making an
extraordinary effort to produce an intro
ductory sermon, and afterward gradually
giving those less worthy of note, he seems
to be growing better all the time, notwith
standing his first was thought to be good
enough. We understand the society will
retain his services till Easter next, and it
is believed to be for the interest of the
church, to make bim its settled pastor.
Mrs. T. P. Rome. Many of our readers
remember Mrs. T. P. Rowe, who, with
Mdme Biiukerhoff created such a sensation
by her' singing in Sharon and Amenia last
summer. The New York Citizen of Nov.
25th say 8 of her. "Mrs. T. P. Rowc, a
lady of this city, who both under her pres
ent name and as Miss Kate A. Livingston
has been widely known in fashionable cir
cles, proposes soon to make her debut in
this city, as a concert singer. Mrs. Rowe
is a pupil of Mdme. Brinkerhoff, and with
her fine voice and careful culture will be
sure to make a brilliant success." She
made her debut concert above alluded to,
last evening in Weber's hall, 108 Fifth
Avenue, of which we hope to receive a
report, knowing as we do that many of
our readers will be glad to hear of her suc
cess, feeling, as they undoubtedly do, that
she will both merit and win it. She has
our thanks for a complimentary ticket.
From our Lakeville Ink Sliuglst.
Wanted. A few brakemen who can
stop a car ou a heavy down grade by the
simple force of moral suasion. Apply to
II. Williams or J. S. Perkins.
Keep Your Place. As a consluut pedes
Irian we beg leave to protest against tbe
occupation by teams of our sidewalks,
Slick to the road, gentlemen "make or
break." We will agree not to walk in
your way it vou will ugrec not to nue iu
ours.
Ore By Railroad. P. W. Lippilt, lessee
of the Hartford Salisbury Ore Co., has
been sending off a considerable quantity of
ore on the Conn. Western. This rush has
kept the gentlemanly agent of the concern'
quite too closely confined at his office,
His friends are fearfulthat an attack of
industry at bis advanced age may prove
fatal.
Skatiag. Tbe recent cold snap has given
the boys-ti fine opportunity to exercise their
skill in skating. Holley's Railroad Rink
and other places of resort, have been well
patronized. We made an essay open skates
the other day, but took occasion to be seat
ed very speedily in fact, as a silting down
skatest. we are a couiDlete success.
"Depot of Divorcemen t." It is our opin
ion as an uncivil engineer, that the public
would have been better accommodated if
provision bad been made for communica
tion between the two waiting rooms ot our
passenger house, other than that afforded
by all out doors. One of our boys appro
priately terms it "The depot of de voice
ment."
Messrs. Bird Miller. We understand
that Messrs. Bird Miller have planned to
so enlarge the house now occupied by the
former, that it will give accommodations
for nearly 100 guests it being their inten
tion to open a first class summer boarding
house next season. Their new building
now iu process of erection, is being pushed
forward as rapidly as the season wjll per
mit.
Wachocastinook. A small but appreci
alive audience were highly entertained on
Monday evening by the reading of the
first canto of the "Lady of the Lake"
by Mr. Hurlburt. This gratification was
afforded us at a cost to that gentleman of a
very tedious ride through the darkness and
mud. Tbe Lyceum Glee clutf made their
debut with several songs which were well
receiyed. The meeting was ostensibly
under tbe auspices of the Wachocastinook
Literary association, but we noticed only
four members of that organization present.
Norfolk.
Never within the memory of the oldest
inhabitant, has our good town experienced
such a cold Thanksgiving. Thermometer
at 7 o'clock Thursday morning stood at 0,
tbe wind blowing the entire day a perfect
gale. Yet notwithstanding the extreme
cold, a fair audience was present at the
church, and listened to an unusually inter
esting discourse from Dr. Eldridge, and as
far as I can learn, a large amount of turkey
and chicken fixings were disposed of in the
usual way. You know bow lis yourself
Mr. Editor Work on tbe Conn. Wes
tern during lost week was almost suspended,
it actually being too cold for men to en
dure this week thus far promises to make
amends, as ten trains (or rather the same
train ten times,) have passed through our
town to day (Monday,) loaded with gravel.
I am informed that the R. R. commission
ers will examine tbe road this week, and
if they accept it, of which there is no
doubt, we are promised regular trains, to
commence running as soon as the 15th
inst. Slate for the roofing of the depots
has arrived, and is being put rapidly in
position. As soon as that part is comple
ted, a very few days work will put both
buildings in condition to be ready for
business. Mr. E. Y. Morehouse of the
Norfolk House, has received three car
loads of coal via C. W. R. R. which he has
disposed of at $8.50 per ton, and expects
more, daily. Any one with half an eye
can see in the not very distant future, a
time when but very little wood will be
burned in Norfolk. M. N. Demars of the
Park House has also received a large con
signment of coal for sale, so whatever else
happens, we are I think in no particular
danger of freezing up this winter. These
are some of tbe blessings conferred on us
of tbe bill country, by the advent of the
C. W. R. R., and we hope with a reason
able hope, for more in tbe future.
Seet-se-bea.
The Norwich Bulletin, in commenting on
special incidents in the burning of the"City
of New London," says "Nobler heroism
than that of Matthias Baker, the first en
gineer never blazoned the pages of fame.
Standing at his post till driven from it by
the flames, then coolly working to subdue
tbe fire, and then to save the passengers
wh,en all hope was lost, be secured a life
preserver and buckled it around bim with
it his safety was certain but on the for
ward deck he found a lady passcngar with
out means of support. He tore off the
preserver, forced it upon her, and then
sprang into the river only to struggle una
vailingly and perish. He was a young
man, only thirty-two, but had seen consid
erable service, having been employed on
the Stonington line, the Pacific Mail stea
mers, and also in the United States service.
He leaves an orphan child.
91 1, Rigrn..
Mr. Editor. There was no uuusuul ex
citement here Thanksgiving day, aitho' a
goodly number of our free and independent
voters became pretty well spiritualized be
fore night. There is a singular Thanks
giving custom prevailing here among tbe
mountaineers, that I must chronicle for the
benefit of your readers; that of burning the
feathers of thosu fowls that ure luckless
enough to be chosen, wherewith to cele
brate this yearly festival. The custom
was adhered to this year, and during Wed
nesday and Thursday of last week, the place
looked like a second Pittsburgh, or the
crater of some active volcano; duuse smoke
gracefully curled" from every chimney,
but the stench thereof was terrible, and
being wafted down into tbe valleys, filled
with terror the hearts of the inmates of
the Turk-ish harems and hen-roosts. One
of the "oldest inhabitants" informed me,
that the custom was derived from their
forefathers, who were wont to be greatly
annoyed at this season of the year, by tbe
frequent calls for feathers from inquisitive
Constables.... ...The "body politic" are just
now considerably excited on the subject of
lotteries. The coming of the Grand Duke
Alexis even, hasn't agitated us as much.
The unvarying favor with which that fickle
goddess, Fortune, smiled upon several of
our citizens in the late prize drawings in
your burgh, spuir-ed and incited one Geo.
Spurr of this place to establish a lottery
here. The all attracting prize, wus d copy
of that wonderful invention of man, a
velocipede, with all modern improvements.
Mr. Dan'l Taylor, a resident here, was tbe
fortunate bolder of the ticket that drew
this splendid machine, and I congratulate
him upon bis good luck. He will no doubt
find the "critter"' emineutly useful in carry
ing on tbe charcoal business, insuring Lis
rapid transit from one coal pit to another,
and to any point wherever his services
might be needed The large aud airy
residence at the southern extremity of
middle street, lately occupied by Mr. Geo.
Spurr, has been taken down, rumor says
to bo replaced by o large brown stone
edifice, to be occupied as a branch office of
the famous Havana Lottery Association.
..."...Please request your wholesale oyster
dealers to be a little more particular as to
the parties they employ to procure their
stock in trade. I have heard many
grievous complaints from our land
lords and restaurant keepers, of the last
carloads of oysters from your place. Mine
Host of tbe "Wachocastinook House" asked
his guests this morning, if tbey discovered
anything peculiar in the flavor of their
"oysters fried." My neighbor at the table
grinned -slightly, and said, he should know
that he was partaking of a salt water vege
table. An after inspection of the hogs
head in which t,he vegetables came, revealed
the presence of about fifty pounds of
famous "Gold Medal Saleratus," evidently
put thero as an advertisement. The empty
ing of the contents of the hogshead into the
lake, will account for tbe late rise of the
Wachocastinook creek. "Didimub."
OUR EUROPEAN
COURE8PONDKNCE.
Liverpool, England. Nov ISth, 1S71
Friend Pease.
The perils of the-ocean, if
there are any, have been encountered its
discomforts have been experienced, and its
enjoyments, of which it is not entirely des
titute, have also been participated in by
at least a portion of our party, but the
word enjoyment as applied to the. ocean
would not escape the lips of others. To
two of them it has been a scene of sore
trial. But the sea has been crossed, and
tbe good ship "Wisconsin," wit'j her hun
dred steerage, and thirty eight cabin pas
sengers her 50,000 bushels of wheat her
4000 bales of coif on her hundreds of
barrels of flour and her tons of miscellane
ous merchandize was docked yesterday
noon, and in less than an hour, eighteen of
our pleasantest ship mates were rejoicing
in the comforts of a hotel on land. Tbe
voyage from Queenstown (formerly Cork
harbor) to Liverpool, 200 miles, was full
of interest, and was made on the loveliest
day that we have experienced since leaving
America. No lovelier day ever shone on
this island, I will venture to say, in Novem
ber. The Irish coast was beautifully green.
t Its forts, light houses, palaces, islands, and
the ships and steamers in the river and
harbor, (or more properly, St George's
channel,) were doubtless presented in their
most inviting aspects. The magnificent
stone docks of Liverpool at once attracted
our attention, of which there are some 18
miles in length, enclosing in the course of
six miles along the river front, some 254
acres. As the tide rises and falls some 2G
feet here, much of the shipping is docked
here to load and unload upon a uniform
level. The city, like everything else in
England, is solidly built, and has a world
wide commerce.
Chester; Nov. 15th Evening. We came
to this ancient and remarkable city yester
day noon, and have spent the day and a
half as I never expect to spend another.
We have wandered for hours through its
immense cathedral, now more than a thous
and years old, and built up on and over the
foundations of a church erected in the year
'Gl of the Christian era. Tbe cathedral
walls, erected before the time of i William
the Couquerer, are eaten by the tooth of
time into deep fissures and its images look
like skeletons. We have walked tbe entire
circuit of tbe old Roman wall, some two
miles in length, which surrounds the an
cient portion of the city and is complete in
its entire length, having of course had re
pairs made on it from time to time as the
wars of past centuries have caused breeches
in it, but the large majority of it standing
as when it was erected by tbe daughter of
King Alfred I think about the year 700.
On one of its loftiest towers, Charles the
1st stood in 1645, and witnessed the defeat
of his army by that of Cromwall. We
visited old Roman baths'; walked through
its quaint old streets, where side walks are
constructed over one class of shops by tbe
side-of another class, some of them quite
elegant, and still over these and the walks
the buildings extend to the street, making
long covered ways, sheltering from the
storms. Time would fail to even refer to
its many ancient land marks and curiosities.
Tbe city has become a large manufactur
ing district and an important railway cen
ter. The surrounding country is beautiful
and like almost all of England, beautifully
cultivated. An hour's ride at evening
brought us back to Liverpool, from whence
we came yesterday, after 11 o'clock to the
city of London, from whence I now write.
We had another charming day yesterday,
and nothing can exceed the beauty of the
cultivation of the two hundred miles over
which we were whirled along in au express
train, over roads as smooth and solid as
the Hartford and New Haven, which I
consider one of the best in America. We
passed on. our way hither, many large and
flourishing villages to which in their manu-.1
factures, America has too long paid tribute
for iron, steel, glass, crockery, &c. Tbe
many smokingchimneys of Stuff ord; Litch
field; St. Catherins; Rugby &c. indicate
some of the seats of these works.
Soon after sunset wc entered this famous
Londou, the greatest commercial and finan
cial center of the world, with its nearly
!1,KH),000 of inhabitants; its 2037 miles of
streets; its museums; parks; churches;
railways above ground and under ground
Us bridges &c., &c, that it would require
a whole year to "do," as tbe phrase is,
instead of a week or two. These weeks
we propose to give to it next summer,
instead of this month of November, and
push on to France, now, before another
volcano buists foith in Paris, as seems not
improbable to the minds of many intelli
gent men of ull Nations. All our party
have recovered from sea sickness, and we
have occasion to be grateful for strength
and spirits to enjoy what may be before us.
We find acquaintances thus far wherever
we go, and doubt not ibis will be the case
for months to come. Europe is full of
Americans, and America is honored by the
nations of Europe, notwithstanding the
mortifying exhibitions made by some of our
countrymen abroad, who have more money
than brains. II-
Didn't Relish it. This is what they call
a joke in New Orleaus. A country look
ing cbap gets off a train. A stranger steps
up to him and says. "Ah! five feet uiue
high; two feet eleven across the breast,
eighteen through." "What do you mean,
sir!" eagerly asks the countryman. "It's
all right," says the other. "You measure
five feet nine by two feet eleven by eigh
teen. I'll be ready for you by nine o'clock
to morrow morning,' and he puts up the
tape line with which he has been making
the measurements. "What are you driv
ing at, sir?" asked the countryman ungrily.
"Why you see.'s iys the other, "the yel
low fever is killing off strangers so fust
that I have to take their measurement as
they come in, or else the dead bodies aceii'
mulute on my hands." A pallor comes over
the countryman's face, a frantic call to the
baggage-master to re-check bis trunk, aud
he leaves for home.
"KILLING TIME."
A number of workingmen In Bostou
were lately seen engaged in setting up some
machinery. There were five of them, or
rather four men and a boy, and when they
came, under notice, 5:30 P. M., one was
engaged slowly turning over the contents
of a box, in search of a screw two were
looking with much interest for the' result
of tbe -labors of No. 1 the fourth was
slowly scratching a piece of iron with a
file, and the boy was scratching bis head.
No. 1 finally found a screw to suit him,
but during the search his pipe had gone
out. Laying down tbe screw, he began to
investigate bis pocket for a match. Nos.
2 and 3 searched theirs in sympathy, while
the filer paused to see tbe result. Finally,
No. 2 found a match, ignited it, and han
ded it to No. 1, who having accomplished
a light, smoked for a few minutes to assure
himself of the fact, while tho boy went to
the other end of the room to look at the
clock. No. I then looked at bis watch,
and compared time with No. 8, Time, 5:40,
No. 1 then leisurely put the screw in posi
tion to fasten a bar. No. 2 held tbe bar
No. 3 squinted at it from tho other side of
tbe machine No. 4 inspected the whole
oppcralion reflectively, as he flowly re
sumed the filing, and the boy wiped tbe oil
from his fingers. Time, 5:45. The entire
labor was now suspended, while tbe boy
was sent across the room for a necessary
tool. Just then it occurred to No. 2 that
a chew of tobacco was necessary to bis
comfort, and, as his supply was out, he
applied to No. 3 for the veed, and to No.
2 for a knife to cut it with. No. 1 consul
ted his watch again. Time, 5:50. And
labor was resumed the screw was turned
home No. 1 tried the bar Nos. 2 and S
engaged in a playful scuffle, and the boy
looked on with a grin of admiration. The
filer laid down his work and looked at his
watch, and aunounced it six o'clock. Tools
were instantly dropped, and tbe five, hav
ing accomplished the work of two ordinary
men. went cheerfully home
IIIIUERTON MARKETS,
Reported weekly by J. N. Van Deuseu,
Produce and Commission merchant. Har
lem R. R. depot, Millerton, N. Y.
Sheep, per lb 0305
Lambs 0405
Veal Calves 0608 1-2
Hides, 67
Spring Chickens, (dressed) 1214
Old Fowls, (dressed) 10 12
Butter,., i 8038
Eggs, per doz 85
Pears, bbl $3.00 10.00
Apples pr bbl $4.005.00
Pork (light.) I 1
Pork (heavy.) C
Tallow, 7 1-2
Rough Tallow, 5 1-2
Turkeys (dressed 1 2 1 4
Lard 12c
Beans pr bush 2.60(33.25
BORN.
In this town, Nov. 24th, a daughter to James
Loomig.
At Amesville, (Falls Village,) Nov. 93d, a con to
Warren C. Valley.
"Thou art fair; and at thy birth, dear boj I
Nature aud fortune joined to make thee groat."!
MARRIED.
In Litchfield, Nov. 29, by Rev. II. P. Elliott, Wm.
T. Marsh and Nettie E. Cook.
In Norfolk, Nov. 28, by Rev. Joseph Eldrlge D.
P., Silas Palmer and Miss Nellie Hubbard.
DIED.
In this village, Dec. let, Nervton Henry, infant -son
of E. H. Clum, aged 9 months.
At Litchfield, Nov. 22. of consumption, Lncrctia
J., daughter of Asahcl R. and Luclnda R. Horse
aged 21 years.
At Terryville, Nov. 15, Mary 8. wife of Swift
McO. Hunter, aged 20 years.
At Winsted, Nov. 22, Stephen Burhank, Aged 69
years and 5 months.
AlMt. Vernon, Ohio, Nov. 17. Mrs. EliEaBis
sell, aged 63 years, wife of Dr. J. W. Bissell, and
daughter of the late William Beebe, of Litchfield.
Union Steam and Water
Heating Cos
APPARATUS,
GOLD'S PATENT.
The Simplest and Most Econom
ical Heater Extant
FOB HEATING
SCHOOLS, C1IUKCIIES,
DWELLING HOUSES,
Public and Private Buildings,
By low prcnturo, direct or indirect radiation.
Automatic in Operation, Sole, Effi
cient nnd Durable.
For Circulars, estimates and information con
cerning it, address
The A. Burritt Hardware Co.,
Sole Agents for Litchtiild County and 'Nauoa
tuox Yallxt,
8m2I Watertomy, Conn.