SJHE^ASHIHGTON^TANDARD
Mtrra nm THK BTABDARD.
L. P. FI»H«B, JO »ad 21 New Me< haaics' Ft
chanfF, i» anr aathoriiej Ageat in Bnn
Francisco. For Ka«tcrn advertising, Mr.
Fisher is refreseated hy S. F. I'ettinjill X
Co., af Jiew VoHt «n<l Norton.
BBA* k Co., 410 Montgomery Street, arc also
onr aotboriieJ Agents in San Fiancisco.
Afniti In Ikf Atlantic M«IM.
ITrnsn* k MBSKT, nre the only Eastern Adver
tising Agents, with whom we do business
direct in the Atlantic States. Office, 4,
Park Row, 7Ym»« Ruilding, New York Oily.
Tht following named gentlemen nre antlior
ted to receive and receipt for money due on
•abscrlptions to the STAN-DARO
M. W. WI ATT, Victoria, V. I.
X. P. IIABFBB. Rockland. Klikitat Co.
J.C. CABV; Yakima county
L. L. Dear AC, CowliU:
WASIKX GOV*, Xisqually.
R. A. WiLI.SON, Arrada
pTUPiia* Jidso* Steilacoom;
K. A. Linnv. 44
HITMAN OonnTiK,
FBKD. MTKBS, Fort Montgomery
8. F. COOMBS. Seattle
O. J. MCCAVSLASD, Port Rlakely:
Maj. G. 0. IIALLKH, W hid by Island j
JAMIS Mi-arnv, THsalady;
lloiDtT A JcnsoK, Whitcom;
Jon* P. Jroso*. I'ortTownscnd;
Jon* Co*no». Port Gamble
Oaat* A. HAM., Port Ludlow
D. K. SIMMONS, Grand Prairie
G. W. CA**O», Portland, Oregon.
UlT* Money can be sent through the mails
at Mr risk.
•Lliru, SATTUAT IOW NOV. 4,1871.
The Happy Family
The present condition of the Republican
party is deplorable. It is literally without
a leader. Garfielde appears to have entirely
lost the confidence of his party, if the tone
of the Republican press is an indication of
the sentiments of the masses. The Trans
eript, of course, has not been considered in
the party since the handfull of aspirants it
represents were so ingloriously snubbed in
convention. The party has treated them
with a supreme indifference, amounting
almost to contempt, and this has in no wiso
allayed the bitter hatred they entertain for
both Garfielde and those instrumental in
securing his nomination. They have been,
and will continue to be without hope of
recognition as long as the chief ean main
tain his ascendency. The situation is
fraught with the utmost importance to
them. In confusion they perceive their
ooly hope. They are compelled to avail
an opportunity without the power to shape
the circumstances upon which to hang
their own salvation. Humiliating as is
this position, they seite upon the present
opportunity to sanction the course of their
cotemporaries, although it is in some in
stances as roprehensible as the conduct of
Judas when he betrayed his Master. The
Trilune for instance, now denounces Gar
fielde, although its price was paid in money,
Federal patronage and a place for "my son
Tom" in the Custom-house. The Regis
ter, too, is apparently disloyal, while its
editor was rewarded with an appointment
he was notoriously incompetent to fill.
If there is any truth in the adage about
"honor among theives," they, at least,
ahottld have remained true to the man who
paid so liberally for the questionable in
fluence their journals were supposed to
exert for his election. The Tribune is un
qualified in its denunciations of Garfielde,
and endorses unequivocally the language
of the Transcript which charges that Gar
fielde "has attempted, without reason or ex
ease, to dishonor and remove officials in
position, to satisfy his vaulting ambition, as
well as to serve a set of political knaves
vbo advise the oourae." The Tribune as
serts that—
"No Republican of truth and character will at
tempt to gainsay this. He bas given the lie
to nearly all the pledgee made to those who
elected him; has kept faith with few or none,
a*4 hat perfidiously betrayed many who
touted him most, and who contributed most
largely to his flection. Such conduct could
hare no other effect than that of creating dis
cord. Be baa waged war against some of the
■wl sterling Republicans of the Territory
W<*ho«t eaus«, being mitigated thereto by
who had not the interests of the party at
heart, and who sought only their own advance
ment at the expense of the party. The result
•f this course ha* been to create a wide-spread
disaa«ief«stloa, wtieh threaten* to culminate
to the defeat of the Republican party at the
ensuing election. We have DO longer a hope
that, with Garfletde Cor a leader, harmony can
be restored I* our rank*. From this on, we
take oar Kew Departure." We are for prin
ciple*, net men end bettering Oraftelde'a re
neminaiien i* sore defeat, we are opposed to
such re-nominatioa. We prefer the sueceaa of
the party to the i&otteisig of faithless sab-
Re servant.
The Register, although it mike* no
direct charges, "is glad thai the distin
guished gentleman haa returned to the
Territory, as it don't believe in condemn
ing any nan without a hearing/' Its
editor ia aware of the charges preferred
and their elect upon the party, yet he
evidently fear* to express his honest eon- I
mictions knowing fall well the extraordin
ary meaos and appliances used by Oar
ftaida and his tools aad the strong proba
bility that he may triumph despite the ex
ertioos of his fbea. The Walla Walla
!7«to« is jest as guarded is the expres
sion of ita views. It believes that Walla
Walla Republicans are jostns much bone
fit to their party as those of any other sec
tion of the Territory," and hints that the
river men may find a little assistance
from the Walk Walk delegation greatly
to enhance the chances" of their local can
didst# for the nomination, upon tee well
1 known prtnripte inviltrd ifi tY.t f:«f of
"v>'M tickle me anJ I'll t.c*lc you."
Sot n wnt-l i» uttered i* to ilk fleet ti
thia programme, if carried out, api>o -'Our
iVlfjriH" and hi* friends. The Cpc!o/>.
which takes tin place of the Mtvagr, (the
soundest, mad prutial.ly the tuo-t influential
advocate af Garfielde in the la* canvas*)
acknowledges that things are sadly at
'•odd." and ends," and that the arc
wufully out of joint. Its lugubrious strain
wails up like a cry from the spirits' of the
damned, as it catches the refrain. Lis
ten
Can the Rrj/'rtcr tell ns who constitutes the
RepnMicai party of this Teiritory to-day?
To say than there is to-day want of harmony
and pro i feeling among the members is
to menn that they mistrust, nay, nre falscjto
one another. Van Rokkelen may not he nn
exception; hut long «a he looks after the
interests of his constituents, no one will hlamc
him for betraying his political friends. For
wh»t politician dues not tr;~ that on whenever
he has nn opportunity? It is weakness
with all of tbem. From the chief down they
all possess more or less of this faulty quality.
Let us not deceive ourselves, friend Ktgittir,
by supposing that n politician would for one
moment consider himself amply remunerated
for past services to his party. It would be a
mist ike in Clarke county as well as, in Jeffer
son."
This unaniminity of feeling is certainly
enough to appal the stoutest heart, and it
would impel many men to withdraw all
hopes of a re-nomination, bat not so with
Gatiielde. He has managed the wires too
successfully horetoforo to offer himself a
voluntary sacrifice on the altar of party.
Hence the necessity of another party organ
to herald the virtues of the chief, is an
absolute necessity, and the faithful have,
the past few days, been devising ways and
means to secure an ally. Harry Sutton,
who published the Message during the
last campaign, and contributed so largely
to tiarfielde's success, has all the necessary
material to print tho organ, but he declines
to do anything further for the chief with
-1 out pay. His press and printing material
was purchased with special reference to
the publication of a party journal in con
nection with the Public Printing, but
Secretary Clemens having disposed of that
fat tit-bit to Proseh and McKlroy, and
Garfielde having been besought in vain to
decapitate the Secretary, the press refuses
revolve and the types to array themselves
in proper OTder to sonnd "Hail to the
Chief," without a plentiful supply of shin
plasters are immediately forthcoming. It
appears that when Cherokee Smith, Ferry
and others telegraphed Garfielde to set the
guillotine in motion, that Qrant was at
Long Branch totally obvivtous alike of
affairs of State and of party necessity, and
Garfielde patiently waited his return to the
Capitol to lay the case before him. In the
meantime, Schenk, Secretary Clemens
friend at oourt returned from Europe, and
when our valliant Don Quixote preferred
his request, it was firmly opposed by that
gentleman, and of course our knight was
vanquished and speedily disarmed. He
thereupon wrote to his Sanelio here that
"everything had been amicably arrraged,"
relying upon his smooth tongue to "fix up
matters" apon his arrival here. In ef
fecting this, we regret to say, he has not
as yet been successful. The faithful have
gone down to their bottom dollar, but as
yet have not reached more than one-fifth
the sum required to pay for the neir press.
We acknowledge we tremble for the result.
Alas! that avarice should stand in the
way of ambition! Alas I that the high
hopes of friends should fall like Autumn
leaves, before the merciless oxtortion of
one who has delighted to sing hozannahsin
the temple I Alas! for tho evanescence of
earthly greatness We shed a tear to the
memory of the fallen chief, whose mete
oric career has brightened the firmament
for a brief period, to leave it darker than
before. We hope against hope. Arise ye
valliant I 'To the rescue, ye brave 1 Gird
on your armor, a kingdom to save I
SAD ACCIDENT. —We find in the Moun
taineer the details of a shocking
that recently occurred in Baker county
Oregon. It appears that Chas. Kandle, a
yonng man having a large circle of rela
tives in this vieinity, wss shot by a spring
gun set ia window in a neighbor's eabin
so that it would go off in case any one tried
to enter. Kandle was a familiar friend of
the owner of the cabiji, and in passing one
day during the letter's absence, attempted
to enter by the window for some purpose,
with the above result. The deceased leaves
a wife io mourn his lose.
JMTrlf the gentle being who sent as a
eommnnieatioa from Victoria had signed
her osme to the letter eecompenylng it,
we should hsve been pleased to Isy it be
fore our readers. So Madam Tilld" must
go to the waate basket
SUFFRAGE CONVENTION. —Our lady
friends who arenot.williog to acknowledge
they "have all the rights they want,"
will remember the Suffrage Convention at
Olympie Hall, next Wednesday.
Religious Services will be held in
Olympio Hall to-morrow forenoon, at the
usual hour. Rev. Mr. Kimball will preach
on "The Christain Religious Motive."
BP" The mail service between this plsee
and Portland has been .increased to seven
trips a week, instead of six, as hereto
fore.
iy Michael Phelan, the I'riuce. of
Billiard Players, is dead.
What Has Become of the Money?
The report of the W»y» Mean*
'Committees of both branches of the As
sembly opon ike leeal uisasgement of the
Territory, shows the most culpable extrav
agance on tlie part of the Auditor and
Treasurer, and the grnracst malfeamncc,
espec ially in the acta of th« latter officer.
The investigations indicate the most reck
less expenditure of the people's money,
and its appropriation to objacta unauthor
ized by law and unwarranted by public ne
cessity. Warrants havo been drawn and
redeemed, in violation of the express pro
visions of law, and funds hare been appro
priated by the Treasurer without warrant,
and fbr purposes totally foreign to the
uses to which they may be legally applied.
Warrants have been paid out of the order
and date of issue. The most exorbitant
bills have been audited and allowed; the
item of rent, for instance, being more than
double the charge made by their prede
cessors, And other incidental expenses
largely in excess of all former charges.
The Committee close tlieir preliminary re
port by stating that they had examined
a portion of the books in the Auditor's
office, and called upon the treasurer, who
informed them that there was no money in
the Treasury, and that the balance report
ed on hand teat fictitious." Upon the re
assembling of the Legislature, the Com
mittee will continue their investigation*.
Their final exhibit will be awaited with in.
terest. If we may form any opinion from
the present showing, their labors will re
sult in exposing a condition of affairs that
will loudly demand legal redress and a
restitution of the amounts wrongfully ap
propriated from the Treasury.
The following cost bill is a sample of the
charges made and allowed against the Ter
ritory
Wathington Territory to Itaac Carton, Dr.
For transferring Territorial prisoner, Prisk St.
Mnrtin from Steilacoom, l'iercc county, to
Vancouver, Clarke county
Two guards eigbt days at (7 per day and
night sll2
Stage fnro to Olympia from Steilncoom... 25
Hotel bill at Olympia 25
Halfway House 10
Erkhart's 10
Jack-oil's b
Montirello If.
Stage fare to Monticello from Olympia...„ 5p
Expenses on steamer Jteteue to Portland... Its'
Hotel bill at Portland 40
Expenses on steamer Catcadtt to Vaucou-
v er 20
notel bill at Vancouver, two weeks at S6O
per week 100
Two pairs blankets, at sls each 30
$537
For transporting 1 Territorial prisoners, James
Wilson and Prisk St. Martin from Vancou
ver to Steilncoom v
Fare from Vancouver to Monticello s4o^
Hotel bill at Monticello., 35
Krkhftrt's 20
Linkliter's 35
Wagner's 20
Stage far* from Monticello to Olympia.... 85
Olympia to Steilacoom *4O
Three guards, nine days, at $7 per day
and night 189
On* pair of shackles for Wilson 10
$474
Total slO3l
It may surprise the public that this bill
comes attested by Judge Jacobs, as legal,
correct and just," but we can say,, after
four years' experience as Territorial Aud
itor, that it is not uncommon for the Judges
to approve bills just as unreasonable and
exorbitant as this. The allowance for
hotel charges at Linkliter's and Wagner's
OD the usually traveled route" from this
place to Steilacoom, we believe-would have
caught his Honor's eye, if he had exam
ined the bill, even if the figures for steam
boat fare and hotel accommodations had
escaped his attention. The precedent was
established, during that experience, of re
jecting thieving bills, even when they did
oome certified to be legal, just and cor
rect," by some Judge who signed such pa
pers as a mere matter of form.
We are glad that the Committee have
manifested a disposition to investigate this
matter so thoroughly. We congratulate
the people upon the probable effect it may
have on financial interests of the future.
BROUGHT DP WITH A ROUND TUB*.—
After the adjournment of the joint Con
venton last Wednesday, the Republicans
passed a resolution in cauons to depose
Maj. Van Bokkelen as Speaker of the
House for refusing to vote for the efemcus
nominee for Territorial offices. Before they
attempted this little retaliatory fjpqifle
however, a majority of the Council sug
gested that they too would take a band at
the game if it was carried out in the
House, and the Republican Presidsnt of
that body would be compelled vacate the
chair soon ss Van was deposed. This was
a poser. At last aeeounts the Republicans
of ths House hsd concluded not to carry
out the programme suggested by Selncins
and Ferry.
LOSBOF a Vessel.—We learn from
the Daily Tribune that the British brig
Byzantium of Victoria, but ownOd by
Capt. Rufus Calhoun, of Port Townsend,
was recently lost while engaged up north
ia whaling. She was insured for $5,000,
but that will not by a considerable amount
cover her loss.
The Tribune ssys that grave
oharges have been preferred against the
Superintendent of Indian Affairs of this
Territory, and that an Agent of the
Treasury Department has reeeived in
structions to institute an investigation.
tSf Ben. Bolladay has bought out
the Hack and Dray Company of Portland.
Compensation, >45,000,
Election of Territorial Officers.
Our report* gire the result of the elec
tioo of Territorial officer*, in Joist Com
ventioa, by the Assembly, on Moaday bat.
The men selected aft all ftarffaflde Rcpuk
lieain, Mr. lirntce tf Skamaaia. having
voted with that parly for the aauoi note
inees, thus securiug their election by <utt
vote. That geutlcmsn has hitherto claimed
to be a Democrat. llow he reconciles this
action with established party usage, is not
for us to determine. Certain it is that his
Democratic colleagues decided in caucus to
oppose by all honorable means the election,
of the Garficlde caucus nominees, and
without Mr. Brazee's vote it could not
have been accomplished. But aside frotai
the bad faith to his party, and it is by no
means the first instance in which that gen
tleman haa refused support of purely party
measures at previous sessioos of the Legis
lature, he in this instance supported for
Treasurer a man against whom the Postal
Department has directed proceedings to
be instituted in the District Court for a
deficit in his accounts as Postmaster,
amounting to over 81,800. This fact bears
a peculiar aignificance considered in con
nection with tha report upon the Univer
sity swindle," a few years ago, which
white-washed statement caused no little
surprise on the part of other members of
the committee, and such of the pnblie as
were cognisant of the ftdts submitted for
their consideration. We do not assert that
Mr. Brasee has been influenced by impro
per motives in the present or the previous
transaction, but simply state facts, and
leave the gentleman to explain bis action
as best he may. We do hold, howover,
that ho has not yielded his party that con
sideration or support it had a right ta ex
pect of him. If he chooses to recognise a
Good Templar party, whose dictum must
be obeyed though his own party suffer de
feat thereby, he owos it to his former par
ty associates to advise them of the change
of heart, or ho mast not complain if he is
accused of sailing under false colore.
Practically his action has been all that the
Republican party could hope for from the
most devoted of its advocates.
We trust Mr. Brazee will rise to ex
plain," and we cheerfully tender him the
use of our columns to set himself right
with the party and tho publio at large, if
we have done him the slightest injustice in
these remarks. Our regard for the gen
man, personally, has impelled us to present
the subject in the mildest possible form,
in the sincere hope that be may make some
explanation that' will, in a degree at least,
palliate or excuse his recent action.
Recent Transfers of Real Estate.
The following transactions in real estate
were recorded in this city during the past
week:
James Oanby to O. T.
township 1? N. K. 2 W., SB4O.
James H. Pain to A. C. Fairchild. 9 acre*,
township 10 1 W„ S3O.
James H. Pain to A. C. Fairchild, 10 acre*,
township 19 N. 1 E., SIOO.
James H. Pain to A. C. Fairchild, 20 acres,
township 18 N. 1 W., S2OO.
C. H. Whitney to Joseph Brant, SOxIOO
feet, Capitol Addition, SIOO.
B. F. Dennison to Wtn. R. S.uart, 40 acres,
township 18 N. 2 W., SSOO.
J. B. Huntington to W. O. Lyford and H. L.
Farnham, north half pt lota 7 and 8, Block
49, Olympia, $275.
11. U. Thallhir to S me.II. French, of 7
acres, township 17 Jf. 3 W., $750.
8. H. French to C. Crosby, Sr., 201}( acres,
township 17 N. 2. W„ SIOOO.
Dr. Thomson to T. I. Mchenny, quitj claim
for 31H acres, 19 north 1 west, consideration
nominal.
H. H. Pitts to J. B. Huntington, lots and 2,
block 95, Olympia, for S4OO.
A. U. Cook to liobert Pittock, one acre for
$25.
C. H. Whitney to Robert Pittock, 3}{ acres
for $82.50.
Bettman to Dudley Evan*, 45k£ acres for
SBSO.
Francis Henry to William Billings, lot 4 in
block 19, Olympia, for S3OO.
Courtland Ethcridge to J. J. West brook, lots
2, 8, 4, 5 and 6, in block 22, North Olympla,
for $l5O.
J. Q. Sparks to W. H. Avery, 297 acres for
$7,200
T. P. McElroy and W. J. Waite to W. H,
Avery, 146 aeres for $1,460.50.
A. J. Miller to W. H. Avery, 4 lots in North
O lympi* for SIOO.
t#" Notice has been received at the
Land Office in this place, from the General
Land Office at Washington City, that fif
teen warrants (160 aeres each) of Tennes
see •cript, located December, 1859,- by the
Pnget Mill Company, art discovered to be
counterfeit. We believe that only about
fifty script warrants have been examined,
whjle the Whole number' located amounts
to over three hundred, sad consequently
there is no knowing how much more en
tered is counterfeit. Parties are allowed
ninety days to make their entries good ei
ther with other script or cash.
0T It is reported that the headquarters
of the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
are to be removed from Portland to thia
place. Gen. Sprague and other prominent
men in the Company, are now in town.
Mr. A. J. Baboock exhibited to us
yesterday a strawberry plucked in the vi
ciuity of Mr. Swan's residence, within the
town limits. This demonstrates the mild
ness of oar olimate.
WBT The Puget Sound Farmers' Club
will hold a meeting, today, at one o'oloek,
ia Taooma Library Room, The Club have
a variety of seeds for distribution. Ladies
invited.
BT It is reported that several eases of
scarlet fever have appeared among the pu
pils of St. Helen's Hall, Portland.
Gatherings by the Wayside.
rAcirir coast Bar.viTiEH.
Booth's majority in California is 6,06*.
Tha Salem Walar works are la opera
tit*.
Laraa tia Jbcofaries Jkave fcden .mad*
in XT ta It
The* are atari/ B,i,o|D sch*l child ran
in Oregon.
There have been some forty conversions
to Methodism, at Portland during the last
two weeks.
Three Belgian noblemen are making a
tour of Oregon.""*
The Salem Orphan's Home has six
orphan inmates.
The Seattle post, office has been made a
money order office.
The Presbyterian church at Corvallis
has boon repainted.
Hev. H. 11. Spauling is lecturing on the
early days of Oregon.
Over 1,500 people attended the Chicago
aid concert in Portland.
The track on the West Side road is laid
five miles from Portland.
An anti-gambling society has been
formed in Port Townsond.
The telegraph between Eugene and Cor
vallis is to be torn down.
Mr. and Mrs. Bates will soon opon a
first class theater in Portland.
The AVest side railroad is graded to
within four miles of Uillsboro.
Only 40 cents a bushel is offered for
wheat in (irande Ronde valley.
A Chinese lunatic, from Jacksonville
has been placed in the Asylum.
The San Francisco Bulletin nominates
Henry Ward Beecber for President.
The Corvallis papers speak of many
improvements going on in that town.
Dalles city and vicinity have bocn
favored with refreshing showers lately.
Vancouver has given upwards of S7OO
to aid Chicago, and is still raising more.
The O. S. N. Co. arc building a new
and commodious wharf-boat at the Dalles.
Water mains aro to be laid down through
the principal streets of Vancouver this
fall.
The average of the wheat crop in Boise
Valley thiß year is about 20 bushels per
acre.
Tho construction of the Salem Agricul
tural Works is being rapidly carried for
ward.
Twenty-five families of emigrants ar
rived at Portland by the steamer Ajax last
week.
The Farmer advertises for twenty
thousand good guide boards for Oregou
roads.
J. C. Ilileman has succeeded Major Ad
ams as Register in the Land Office at Yam
couver.
The town of Walla Walla is almost de
serted in cotisoquenca of the small pox
scourge.
An opposition line of sailing vessels is
being put on between Portland and San
Francisco.
Col. Cobb, of Missouri, a noted rebel
during the war, has lately moved to Roxue
River Valley.
Each member of a coyoto club" ia
Benton county gots 85 for every coyote
which he slays.
Gen. Cartee, formerly of Oregon, suc
cessfully raises sweet potatoes in his gar
den in Boise City.
Geo. A. Eadcs has been appointed Col
lector of Customs for the district of Alaska,
rice Wm. Kapus, resigned.
The California Legislature stands 73
Republicans to 4G Democrats. The Dem
ocrats have 3 majority in the Seuate.
A faro bank, with a cash oapital of
$40,000, was numbered among the ''attrac
tions" at Salem during the Fair week.
Workmen digging a cellar in Kast Port,
land, last Tuesday, discovered a wooden
box containing a skeleton of an infant.
Messrs. Merohant Steads, soap manu
facturers of Salqm, exhibited at tho
State Fair, a cake of soap weighing one
too.
The fishermen of Port Townsend have
commenced shipping dried herring to Sao
Francisco. A very excellent quality of
these fish are pnt up on the Sound.
Portland raised about 910,000 for the
Chieago sufferers, in one day, and promi
ses much more. The different societies
donated liberally io addition to the above
amount.
The corner stone of the new M. C.
Church, at Salem, was laid on the 10th
inst. It is claimed that, when finished, it
will be the finest ohurch edifice West of the
Mississippi.
The Walla Walla Slatctman Speaks in
the highest terms of praise of the Sisters
of Charity, for their unselfish and noble
eonduet in oaring fbr those afflicted with
small-pox In that city.
Four persona are availing trial at Van
couver on charge* as follows: One for
murder, One for perjury, one for obtaining
money under false pretenses, and one for
assault with intent to kill.
The Vancouver Register learns that
Hon. Selucious Garfielde, through a bron
chial affection from which he has long
suffered, has lost th« command of his voice,
and cannot speak much above a whisper.
Very many emigrants are going into
Stevens county, W. T., and settling is the
county about Colville. A report to a
Walla Walla paper says there is "an
army of emigrants looking for locations."
A party of explorers announce that
they have discovered two falls in the region
of the headwaters of the| Yellowstone.
The water of one falls from aperpendicu
lar cliff 400 feet in height—the other
180.
A. 8. Abernethy, C. Lancaster and W.
B. Daniels have been appointed commis
sioners to appraise damages suffered by
persons whose lands have Men appropria
ted by the railroad company, Where no set
tlement can be effected by the parties.
They are to meet in Monticello on the
12th of December.
alteb Hwii the An.Ajrrir ktaied,
TELEGRAPHIC,
ac#HAi.ViiKMir.
New letter frfnf
Buodol AfreMya tfbre m Kri ghtful pre<
rllen# in thaPvoun% of stellpox. Duf:
ring tkc lot s«nimeftG,ooo deaths from
yellow f®J*r Duenos Ayi
res, and 30,000 deaths in the Province of
Corrientes.
The nail manufacturers of the Atlantic
States held a convention in this city on
Saturday, and decided to day to adraCce
wholesale prices fifteen cents per keg, in
consequence of the heavy loss by Chicago
fire.
Philadelphia, Oct. 30.—The steamer 1
Hastier nils to morrow for Boston, where
Prof. Agassiz', party will be taken on board
and start on an exploring expedition around
Cape Horn and up the Pacific.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.—1i0n. Joseph Mfc
dell, of tbe Trifmne, has been nominated
for Mayor by the Republican Central Com
mittee, the Democratic Committee accept
ing him Se part of the proposed plan for
the union of the two parties, who agreed
on a satisfactory division of offices. They
make the rest of their nominations to-da£.
This will take all excitement out of the
election and secure good men for office.
The people have no timo or disposition to'
enter into political rings, and their aotion
gives great satisfaction. The final basis of
agreement between the Committees gives
the Democrats six County Commissioners,,
City Treasurer, City Attorney, Judge of
the Circuit Court, one Police Magistrate,
eight Aldermen, seven Constables, one
Town Supervisor, one Town Clerk Md one
Collector.
A gentle rain is Tailing this morning.
It was greatly noedod, and will remove
much fear of farther conflagrations. The
weather continnes uiild and buiding is pro
gressing rapidly.
WASHINGTON Oct. 28.—Tho Preskfenl
appoints the 30th day of November as at
day of Thanksgiving.
NKW YORK, Oct. 27. —Tweed A
and held to bail in the sum of 81,000,000
J. Gould and Commodore Garrison are his
bondsmen. The Timet states that Tweed
has been busy tho last few days in hid
ing away personal and real estate, and the
stock which he had has nearly all been
sold or transferred. Over four million*''
worth of FMI estate has been transferred
within the past few days. Yesterday ho
made over to JbLiehard M. Tweed, hid soil r
real estate to the value of one million, in
eluding bis Filth Avenue residence.
Private dispatches announce the death
of Gen. ltobert Anderson, who diod at
Nice, France. Ho had gono there threo
weeks ago, hoping to receive benefit from
tho change. It is known that the reports
of his poverty are without foundation. lie
received full pay us a Hrig. General, and
had a handsome income besides.
SAI,T LAKH, Got. 31. —The U. S. Dis
tricT Court has adjourned uutil the lid of
November, the same day ou which tho
Grand Jury will assemble.
Two hundrod dollars alimony was grant
ed tho polygamous wife of William Clay
ton, who is suing for divorce.
The application of Stout, one oftho par
ties charged with Yates' murder, for re
lease on bail, was granted.
Warrants are issued for the arrest of ter•
eral other prominent Mormons under in
dictment of the Grand Jury.
Jo*. A Young still at large,
liringhatu is making his way south will*
an armed escort.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31. —The President
to day appointed Goo. C. Bates U. S. At
torney for Utah.
The Indian Commissioners, who recently
returned from the Indian country, have a
private meeting at the Fifth Avenue Ho
tel to night to perfect their reports for pub
lication. lirunot, chairiuau, reports on
the tribes of Oregon and Washington Ter
ritory Farwell on the tribes of Califor
nia and Nevada, and Collycr on tho Ap
aches of Arizona, and Stewart on tho pur
chase of Indian goods.
NEW YORK, Novl3t.—A dispatch fron»
Washington says that President Grant has
exprosscd a determination to declare mar
tial law throughout tho entire Southern
States in consequence of the continued out
rages.
Euglish paper* contain demands from
conservative lords and statesman of any
knowledge of a new alliance between peers
and tbe people concerning the social move
ment. It is qtated in a letter to the Lon
don Telegraph that the signatures of lords
are in possession of Mr. Russell.
Qen. Goo. 1). Williams, second Deputy
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, to-day
ooneluded an engagement with the Japan
ese Minister to go to Japan to organise sn
internal revenue syitem similar to that of
the Uoited States. The engagement is
for three years at a large aajary, and Gen.
Williams will sail from San Francises on
N*W YOIK, October 80.—-This IVM
ing it is fptnored that Tweed has resigned
as candidate for State Senate; also resigned
the office of Superintendent of Public
Works. f
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.--Colonel Wyck
ler has declined the appointment of U. S.
Attorney for Utah because the Postmaster
General refnged to allow him the office of
Postal Agent at tho same time. Chief
Justice McKean has recommcudod Robert
N. Baskin to the appointment.
BALTIMOBE, (Md.) Oot. 30.—1n the
race to-day, the four-mile heats betwocu
Barry Bsssett, and II em bold Baasett
were won easily in two straight heats timo
7:54|, 8:03*.
SALT LAKE, Oot. 30.—-The U. S. Dis
trict Court oooupied all the forenoon hear
ing the argument of motion to admit P.
H. Wells, aud parties attested, Saturday,
•n a charge of murder, to bail. In con
sideration of the faet that Wells is May
or: of thaeity and responsible for the quiet
and good «f the same, Chief Justioe Mc-
Kean decided to admit him to bail in the
sum of 150,000, with two sufficient' secu
rities.
J SAW FRANCISCO, Oet 30.—Arrived,
steamer Montana, from Portland] brig
Decaon, from Tacaftrit.
Tho steamer OriJta,mmc sailed yesterday
from San Francisco for Portland.