Til 111 JittL
JAMES E. CHAMBERS, Editor
1 1 1 1 Ml I KVEOV SATCBDAI
AT PAINESVILLE, LAKE COUNTY,
OHIO.
t3f 'Counting Jtuomand Publication OJUee
Stockuell House Block, So. 114 Main St.
Yearly, bv m'aifor?iSr.............42.W
Six Months, by mail or Carrier....... 1.2j)
Three Mouths," by mail or Carrier..... 75
lv. In all C4ia-B aniHT x-rw-
required.
JOB DEPARTMENT.
Book and Blank Work. Circulars LUer
HeU, BUI Head, lards "Ji6 Vln'lnS
of Job Work, executed with dispatch aa in the
neatest style of the art. ,.r.--. it
Having an entire new ontflt of Types Pw,
and Machinery, together with a force oT compe
tent and skilfull workmen, we feel that oor fa
cilities are second to those of no other establish
ment in the place.
CHICAO.
(0CTOBSB 10, 1871.)
ar bbst hat.
Blackened and bleedins, Wpleu, panting,
On Vh.aecharrod fraf menu of her .nattered
LU42ewho yeeterday stood alone.
Queen of the West! by tome enchanter taught
To lilt the glorr of Aladdin's court,
Then lose the s'peU that all that wonder wrought.
like her own pralrtei by aorna cbanc aeed
Llkener"owo prairies in one brief day grown.
Like her own prairie in one fierce night mown.
Bhe lifts ber voice, and In ber pleading call
We hear the cry of Macedou to Faul
The cry for help that ioas.es her km to all.
But haply with wan linger may she feel
The silver cup hid in the proffered meal
The gift of kinship and our loves reveal.
WITHIN A SEAM.
lip that are met in love's
Devotion sweet
While parting lover passionately reet,
And earth through heaven's are more wiruy
moves
Oh, will they be less dear
Within a year
Eyes in whose shadow spell
Far off I read
That which lovers taking loving need
Dear womau's full soon and plainly tell
or will you give such cheer
This time a year?
Behold! theullen year
Will naught reveal
Of Ita'set purpose, if for woe or weal.
Though flowing swift as waters o'er the weir
Mayhap the end draw near
Within a year.
Tea darling, once more touch
Those lips of mine,
Bet on my life that talisman divine:
Absence, new friends, 1 fear not overmuch
even Death, should be appear
Within the year.
xeAkts.
T MM. D. If. JOtDAH.
Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean.
Tears from the depth of some divine despair
Ris to my heart and overflow my eyes
In looking on the happy autumn fields.
And thiaaing of the day that are no more.
Ttnnyeon.
Ay I tears, that well up from my throbbing
heart.
The while my feet press through the autumn
Of harvest fields, shorn of the golden grain.
Conscious that I am bearing In no sheaves.
Oh, summer davs, royal with bud and blossom;
June roses, fleu with all your sweet perfume;
And summer skies, ..with cloud upon joul
your
bosom.
Whose splendor naught
for me eaa
e'er
relume.
Oh! day of bliss and hours of idle dreaming,
No wander that mine eyes are dim with tears;
So wouder that a mist obscures my vision
The while i think of all the by-gone year.
With empty hands I come, too late for gleaning.
The harvest gathered and the viutage pressed;
I lingered where the waysioe flowers were
blooming-,
And idly sought green lanes of pleasant rest.
And now, through flelds of sharp and bristling
stuDuie,
M y weary feet have lost their wonted power.
Take Xbou my empty hands, O pitying Saviour,
Kveu though I couie beyond the eleventh hour.
PHO nOBTUls.
What should a man desire to leaver
A flawless work; a noble life;
Some lnuiic harmonized from strife.
Borne uuiau'd thing, ere the slack hand at eve
Drop, should be his to leave.
One gem of song, defy ing a?e
A hard-won nght: a well-work'd farm;
A law. no sruile can twist to harm:
Some tale as our lost 1 backerey 's bright, or sage
As tne just uauam s page.
Or, in life's homeliest, meanest spot.
With teui jerate step from year to year
To move within his little sphere,
Xeaving a pure name to be known or not
This is a true man's lot.
He dies; he leaves the deed or name,
A gilt forever to his laud,
In trust to Friendship's orudent hand.
Bound 'gainst all advene shocks to guard hi
fame.
Or to the world proclaim.
Bntthe imperfect thing, or thought
The crudities and yeast of youth,
The dubious doubt, the twilight truth.
The work that for the passing day was wrought
The schemes that came to nought
The sketch half way 'twixt verse and pros
That mocks the huislied picture true.
The quarry wheuce the statue grew.
The scauolding 'neath which the palace rose.
The vague abortive throes
Are fever-flts of joy or gloom;
To kind oblivion let them be!
Nor is the dead, worse foe than he
W ho rakes these sweepings of the artist's room,
And piles them on his tomb.
An, 'tis but little that the best.
Frail children of a fleeting hour,
Can leave of perfect fruit or flower!
Ah. let all else be graciously snpprest
When man lies down to rest.
DISCONTENT.
BY J. 8OVLC SMITH.
Is the world all a beautiful lie?
A bubble afloat in the blue,
Whereon every beautiful hue
Is cast but to vanish aud die?
Where hearts keep their passionate cry
A smother, that faces may smile;
Aad lips, that kiss seemingly true.
Are stinging, and burning, the while?
Oh clouils that float solemnly by!
Oh forest so dreamy and still I
Oh breeze, whose breath is so chill
As ye bear the dead leaves, with a lgh,
To their graves by the slumbering rill I
Oh mountains so ghostly and grand!
Oh waves that cotue foaming to land!
Are ye all but a beautiful lie?
Man born of a woman is weak.
But his task is a task for the strong,
And the right that he clutches is wrong,"
And the truth that he struggle to speak
Is turned on his lips, to a song
Full of bitterness, cursing and lies,
And Joy, with a rose in his beak.
Drops a thorn in the heart as he flies.
The smile of a child can be bought.
And the words of a woman are vain.
And her love, like ber bosom, is twain;
One love for the lover who sought,
And one for the lover she seeks;
for the heart of a woman is Are,
And burns at her lips till she speaks.
And she dieth, or hath ber desire.
An, bosoms are whiter than snow;
w e see not the track of the sin
Which is writhing and hissing within;
We hear not the heart beating slow.
For the beautiful cheek is aglow.
And the eyes are the eyes of a dove;
And drunk with the red wine of love
We stake all, and weep as we win.
Oh sea with thy heartbroken sigh
Oh beach all becloctcd with foam!
-Oh lights that eternally roam.
O'er the desolate swamp of the skv!
Oh yearnings for love, and for home!
Oh hopes for that rest underground.
With the silence within, and around!
Are ye all but a mock and alie?
CELIE.
BY GEOKGE SAND.
FIRST PART.
CONTISCEl.
J V AID I "The Parisian," will
port nothing, ile does not con
cern inmseit auout your anairs.
and has no influent' over your
godmother. Besides, if yon have done
nothing bad vou have nothing to fear
from anv one."
"No. I fear nothing." answered Bar.
cot: "nothinir at all. Let him tell what
he pleases the Englishman!" And
letting fly this last arrow he took his
way across the rocks, gliding along the
water like a sea-gull, aud leaving on the
sand the prints of his nuked feet, which
were small and haudfoinn like all the
rest of his person.
Celio Williamson rose nuicklv and de
clared that the boy ought to be correct- out if Celio had not leaped into some pass
ed, but Stephen, who was almost as iug boat to return to port.
trong as he was, hel l him back and
forced him to sit down again, saying in
a fatherly tone that children must be
forgiven more than once.
'Young William could only quiet his
Internal displeasure by sharing it with
lis, and, "1 want you to Know what
did he said, "and you shall judge if it
was well, md if our people ought to let
it happen again. Last Thursday two
strangers, dressed almost exactly like all
the people of the coast, came here, to
whom no one paid very much attention.
We were astonished to see them talking
with this good-for-nothing Celio Barcot,
who was no more acquainted with them
than we were, and whom they invited
to breakfast with them at Michael's tav
rn. The boy. who likes to show off as
A learned fellow and a fine talker, as you
have seen, let them question him about
the late monsieur, the admiral, about the
Jady, about tha child that aha saved, aud
A
YOliTJIME I.
I don't know what else. Theselpeople,
-k .j.i k frnm St. Pierre, ten
leagues from us were curious about
.i,i5 v.im. sir n.,o-ht .tn have known
and which noone here had any occasion to
tell them, for we don't like curious per-
sous, we aon t; ana 11 w
frfwlv with vou. it i9 because we knew
you for honest people. Celio Barcot is
not bad, out ne is a oaouier, uu w
tipple. And theu he is young; and he
let them make him tipsy. All day long
he babbled with the fellows; and when
it was evening, he took them, where do
vou think to the old chateau, where
the lady uas ine goouues w assist ja..
Bel lac in giving us instructions, mey
all there put themselves in a corner,
where Barcot slept without beir g notic
ed by his godmother, bhe paid 110 more
attention to the two strangers, and I
cau't say that they behaved badly during
the lecture; they didn't budge, they
were not drunk; but they gazed at the
lady rather impudently and seemed to
have come not to profit by the lecture at
all, but to satisfy their desire of seeing
her. Whin we went out, about nine
o'clock in the evening, they went out
with the others, and we saw them go by
the Dath that leads to the town, which is
opposite to that of St. Pierre. This made
us suspicious; jeno Barcot coma not oe
questioned, he was fast asleep standing
up, and seemed to nave no recollection
of anything; but the next day we saw
mm have a handsome saver watcn ana
chain; and when we asked where he had
ashed it from, be was uuaDie to tell, it
mu4 have been, though, that he bad got
it as a present from the strangers for tak
ing them to the lecture. On the other
nana, jmcnaei, tne inn-aeeper, toiu us
that they talked in a very queer way,
one especially who had the accent of a
forelguer ana tne wnite nanas or a ao
nothina. He rattled the gold that he had
about him like a fool or a shoddy. For
my part, for I looked closely at them
during the lecture, I can say that their
faces were not pleasing to me. One had
a brutal, and the other an insolent look,
and I don't think they came here for any
good. Then the boy is to blame. I
don't want to think him untrustworthy
buttodrtuK wttu men tnat ue didn't
Know. anu to receive presents 01 value 1
from them, is not the right thing; so his
father was angry with him and has ta
ken the watch away to return it, if he
can."
I asked the narrator if Mile. Merauem
bad been informed of the occurrence.
--o,
to trouble her and to make her distrust-
No," he answered; "we did not wish
ful. Up to the present time no curious
people nave stopped among us, and
DlacK coats couiuu t spend an nour nert
with bad intentions. These two stir-
prised us by a disguise, aud they musn't
come back! We shall have our eye on
them, and there is no use in making his
godmother vexed against Celio Barcot.
lis parents, and I, and all his comrades
have blamed him enough for the first
time but let him beware 01 the second
I asked Celio again if M. Bellac's lec
tures were public. They were. Some
of the inhabitants of the neighboring
places were sometimes present, mey
were well behaved, and regretted not
having time to attend regularly. They
were all more or less well kuown, and
no one had reason- to suspect them of ill
will or rudeuess. "No matter," added
Celio. "at present we shall pay attention
to all we see entering the park, and have
told the keeper to be a little on his
e:uard."
This story explained to me the surpris
ed and reartul 100 K tnat tjeuo Barcot Had
fixed upon me, when 1 met him the evi
nine belore in the park. JJouutless, see
ing my face then for the first time, he
had asked himself if I was uot one of
those who had given hiin the watch, and
whose features had been confused in his
memory by the fumes of the wine. 1
then asked myself if, while still keeping
the secret from her, I ought not to ad
vise Mile. Morquem 01 the misplaced
curiosity of which' she was the object;
but I felt that I had no right to do so,
I stretched myself out on the sand as if
to sleep, but in reality to think over ray
love affairs. I blushed at having begun
so badly, and the two strangers appeared
so despicable to me that it made me des
pise my own. 1 leit also, tnat tnougti
the underhand investigations to which 1
had intended to commit myself had led to
some discovery in connection with Ce-
lle's pretended lault, that discovery
would not have cured me of the passion
which urged me to be the master of her
destiny. It was easy for me, now that 1
kuew ber to tie pure ana wortny or ail
respect, to make a vow of adoration
worthy of her. Ought I then to feel so
severe against those who, without es
teeming her more than I had done, had
formed tne nesizn 01 seeing ner. ana
perhaps of becoming acquainted with her
life in spite of her? And yet I was so
indignant against them that I would
have liked, neither more or less than if I
had been one 01 the nappy godsons of the
great godmother, to see them return for
the sake of reviling them and driving
them away.
In the midst of these reveries sleep
overtook me. 1 had risen very early in
the morning, and the wind whispering
between, the rocks, with the motion of
the waves, made so monotonous and
drowsy a duet that I lost consciousness
tor about two nours. nen 1 awoke,
ashamed of my laziness, I saw Stephen
absorbed in his work, and Celio Wil
liam sou reading a paper which I had
brought, which seemed, however, not to
be intensely interesting to him, for he
was-yawnlng ready to dislocate his jaws.
A long stay upou the rocks was not very
amusing, except tne little corner where
we bad tound sneiter, the wbole rock.
about half an acre in surface, was swept
over by a wind keen enough to almost
cut one In two. Not a blade of grass
grew on it. and the marine plants, beat
en against its sides by an always heavy
surge, were ragged ana lrrecognizaoie,
All hope of shooting was a mere mystifi
cation. Other groups of rocks ncealed
the view of the coast and even the height
01 tne can. ine picture was dismal and
depressing. At last Stephen consented
to pack up his baggage, and Williamson
naiieu ieuo isarcot. whom he supposed
to be sulking or sleeping at a little dis
tance but the young man gave no ans
wer, aua we made the circuit of the reef
in vain, nrst over the rocks themselves,
and then around the edge in the boat;
the minutest search failed to discover
any trace of his presence, and a consid
erable uneasiness took possession of us.
It was impossible tor the young- man to
have gained tne land Dy swimming; the
distance was too great, the sea too rough,
and, according to Celio Williamson, he
was neither a good swimmer nor verv
brave in the water. At best he could
only have gone over from our little isi
antfto another. We were obliged to
make an exploration of the whole of a
little archipelago with a considerable
trouble and soma danger, for the tide
was rising, and the swell was increas
ing. At last, after searching vainly for
tvvo hours, we resolved to go and find
Celio Williamson shook his head
gloomily. The dangerous place that wc
had left, he said, was no place for the
passage of any sailing or fishing boat.
aud beside, he was sure that he had not
been asseep, and If any boat whatever
he tiad only approacned them. It would not
have escaped his notice. I was not of
his opinion. In this labvrinth of reefs a
boat might have touched at the opposite
shore to that on which we remained for
long time, and Celio Williamson might
have fallen asleep without being con
scious of it while reading parliamentary
reports or theatrical criticisms, two
things whose sense was not likely to be
T ry clear to his mind. Besides, even if
le bad been awake,- the noise of the
waves and the whistling of the breeze
from the sea might have been sufficient
to cover that of the young man in get
ting on board a passing skiff,
W pliU oars &nd sail togalatbtiaayl.
FAMILY PAPER, DEVOTED TO LITERATURE, SCIENCE,
PAIXESYmLE, LAKE COUNTY, OHIO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER
Celio Williamson's uneasiness changed
to wrath, and the wrath ot people ot cold
temperament 13 pale and menacing. He
believed that young Celio had "played
biro trick" to frighten hira in revenge
for his threats. "He wanted to puss
over to another rock," he said, "and
perhaps has got lost in some hole In the
sea, the fool I'll bet 1 have to go back!
Woe to him, if he has done it for a trick!"
So divided between the desire 01 saving
and that of beating him, he made us lam;
and hastened off to look for his compan
ion, while we made enquiries on our
own account. No one hud seen him re
turn. In an instant the village was in a tu
mult, and ten boats were run into the
water. On a tall mast that served tor
that purpose w as hoisted a green rlag,
which, a moment afterward culled forth
a similar flag from the donjon this was
the arranged signal for g'vlug notice to
the lady. No accident ever happened
in the village without her being called to
the rescue. Old Barcot, pale as death,
setoff first with his other so-is, and I pro
posed to accompany them but they
tiianked me in a way that gave me to un
derstand that I would only be a trouble
to them, without aflbrding them any as
sistance. They accepted Stephen, whose
face, dress, and costume gave them a bet
ter opinion of his seamanship.
But was there any ground for all this
anxiety Celio Barcot might have land
ed at some distance from the village on
the lonely shore. I ran to explore the
Deacn on my right, and, seeing nothing
in a long distance, returned to explore
it on the left. 1 was running along the
path, which led to the donjon when 1
found myseir unexpectedly lace to lace
with Mile. Merquein, who was rapidly
descending the steep curve ot the path.
w nat is me matter mere r' she said.
"and whv is the signal of distress hoist
ed?" I explained to her in two words the
incomprehensible disappearance of one
of ber godsons. She made no comment
wnatever, and ran toward her boat say
ing to me, "Come
Selfishness of love! I forgot the dan
ger that the handsome Celio, might be
in, 10 mum oniy 01 we nappiuess 01 oe-
lusr called bv ;elie. "Are we irnino- tn
be alone then?" she said to me, as she
saw all the boats on the sea. "Can thev
have iuteuded to go without me
"Xo,' no! my lad v." said Celio Wil
liamson, springing up on the Chatelaine's
"nag-ship, to which the elder William
and the other rowers came running,
w w ...iti tw vn M,i
vour
crew is complete, except that bedeviled
boy, who would be better off at his
post!"
1 hey pushed off the boat. I hardly
know whether Mile. Merquem made me
any sign to enter, but I was in it, and no
human force could have made me leave
it. She was hardly aboard, when she
disappeared in a sort of little practical
cabin m the stern, and in less than three
minutes came forth dressed in her rustic
and stout sailor's dress, brown woolen
leggins, seaman's frock ot ttie same, cov
ered by a linen shirt of faded tan color
that undecided shade between tawny red
and rose which gives to the sails ot boat?
so agreeable a color 111 the distance.
The brown felt hat, made water proof by
a wasn 01 tar, set oil her delicate lace as
a border ot un wrought wood might
frame a bright pastel, and a large leath
er Deit, ntteu with lite-preserving rings,
encircled her slender waist. Nothing in
this conscientious disguise suggested the
woman but such was the force or liei
natural elegance and distinction tha;
Cehe had even then the appearance of a
queen. It 1 ceded btephen s peculiar
way of looking at human beings to look
upon her as merely a pretty boy, or to
mistake her for one. Far from that; so
disguised, she was more than ever Mile.
Merquem, 111 her angelic sweetness aim
her cheerful dignity. She looked at
each one of us with that expression of
a"ectionate confidence which gives rise
to confidence in the hearts cf others.
then she rapidly exchanged some words
with her sailors which surprised me
for, without being laminar with sea
terms, 1 understood enough of them to
recognize that these belonged to the vo
cabulary of some other calliui". Thev
had some resemblance to a masonic lan
guage, but had no further connection
with tnat witn winch 1 was acquainted.
1 did not allow myselt to ask any
questions. I took Celio Barcot's place.
and rowed skilllully enough and in good
time. She smiled on me, and, taking
the tiller, steered as far as. the approach
to the reels.: I hen- she mane tne a sign
to come to her, and said, "You are our
guide. Point out the place where yon
landed this morning." I indicated it
clearly enough, though the figure of the
islet was entirely changed the tide had
overflowed its edges, aud a landing
seemed to have become impossible
Whether it was or not, we did not at
tempt it. By a rapid signal, William
who received his orders irom Cehe, gave
notice to the boats that had preceded
ours, and which were crowding around
us tn some disorder. Tins sigual was
understood on the instant, and, passing
on, we all directed our course to a more
distant reef which Celio Williamson had
thought it useless to explore the first
time. The swell, which increased in
proportion as we gained the opened sea
bellowed out under us st.ch abysmal
depths that when we went down in theui
it seemed as if we were buried between
their crystal walls. When we rose again
to the white crest of the wave, Cehe
stood up and rapidly scrutinized the sea
with ner glass, she beckoned to me
pointing with it, and in mv turn I saw
as we were uplifted again to the top of
the wave, three black spots on the lonely-
reef. We rowed forward as quickly as
possible, rue other boats which tollow
ed our lead remained in the rear in spil
ot their ellorts, and we arrived nrst at
the goal. I here we recognized Celio
Barcot on a rock, against which the sea
was beating furiously, and daslnn
against its steep sides the lemai us of
little boat completely shattered.
From his place of refuge 011 this reef,
which the waves covered at high tide, the
poor child stretched out his amis toward
us in his distress, while a man, dressed,
like him, in the garb of a sailor, but wlio
appeared more robust and cooler, was
sustaining in his arms a prostrate com
panion who had almost fainted.
A few minutes more and -the position
of these castaways would have been des
perate. Seeing us approach as near as
possible, they committed themselves to
the sea without hesitation, Cilio Barcot
first, the other with great energy push
ing and upholding his comrade, who
was half dead with fear or fatigue; bin
as this one was utterly unal 1 to help
himself, both would have perished ex
cept for the expedient that tlnise on
board our boat had recourse to. They
fished out the little mast of the sh ittered
boat, and, bracing it against the rock.
made abridge of it on which the strong
man put his sick friend astride, pu.-h.n'g
him from behind, and lilting the m:it to
make the pale rider of this" instrument
of safety slide down toward us. The
thing seemed ingenious to me and eay
at nrst: out the waves which le;it
against the courageous stranger fought
roughly with him for the. end of the
mast, anu ne was obliged to let go
01 11 10 save inmseit iroin being crushed
like straw.
On our side we were dincing tunitil
tuously up and dow n on the waves, uud
great care was necessary to prevent be
ing dashed against the rocks. I un.lei
stood that the danger was serious hy see
ing old William seize hold of the rings
011 Celie's belt. I darted toward her,
but she pointed to the castaways, as if to
say, "We must perish, thonj or save
them."-
What could I do? An inspiration
came to me. In one of those moments of
a final struggle in which everything
seems lost, I torgot all caution, and wit I -out
asking if my weight would not inev
itably brine- about ft runt 11 rn of the fi-:iir-
t! UWt, I faapf 4 upright 9a i lik au
acrobat on uis rope, seized the helpless
stranger by bis c. Uar aud drew him on
board in ttie twinkling of an eye. No
one bud had time to stop me. I was not
very strong, nor much ued to such vio
lent feats ox' strength. I had dealt with
the sea as with' love, giving myself up
to my enthusiasm. My success justified
everything. 1 heard a cheer of triumph
id admiration succeed to the oaths 01
censure aud ot l.:ur that ht-d vaguely
ruck mv ears: I caught a glimpse,
through the torrent of salt rain that the
ea and the rock spit over us, ot Celie s
dorable lace, which was bending over
is 11 to embrace me as she saw the
paleness of deatli uio!i my features. I
h id swallowed, I believe, an entire wave.
was sufi'ueated, aud lell at her leet,
where 1 remained without conscious
ness.
When I came to myselt we were out of
the great swell, and were rolling easily
lioug; the sail was filled, and we were
earing the coast with wonderful speed.
was lvmg near the shipwrecked man
whom I had saved, who seemed to be
dead, and my head was reposing 011 the
nees of Cehe. while Celio W lliiamsou
was trvmg vainly to tiring the other
back to life hv pouring brandy into him
hiough a funnel. Had I saved a corpse?
hat was to be unlucky after so beauti-
iil a beginning.
1 looked about me with the astonished
gaze of a man who has just been awak-
ued. Tnev informed me that the ship
wrecked man who had been saved by me
was still alive, in spite of his torpor, and
that the other had been drawn out safe
and sound, and put on board another
boat, while Celio Barcot had been taken
are of by his father a-id Stephen.
All was for the best. I felt only a lit
tle touch of lassitude and famtuess. I
was returning triumphant 111 Celie s
flag-ship." 1 had done what no one
lse had dared to attempt, I had risked
the life of the shipwrecked man and my
own a piece 01 real iony wnicn 1 nau
been unconscious of, but which had
proved fortunate for me. Perhaps also
had saved bv mv prompt resolution
he life of Celie and her whole crew, for
t that moment we were all 111 great
'anger, by reason of our determination
to save the two strangers. She, howev-
liad said nothing to me. 1 had me-
hanically seized her hand on recovering
irom my swoon, and sue nad leit .tin
mine. At a moment wuen 110 one was
noticing us, I covered with kisses that
herished hand, which had then been
withdrawn irom mc, out without anger
1 ii t without distrust. When my niii.d
was entirely clear, I approached Celio
Williamson, who thanks to the sail, was
no longer rowing, and was aide to talk
lo him in a low voice. He told me that
he two shipwrecked men whom we haii
saved were no other than the two strang
les who had seduced Celio Barcot, and
who had apparently come for him on our
rock, to go, no one knew why, to the oth
er islet, and be dashed against it with
urn. The apparently dying man whom
we were taking back with us now 'leguti
n his turn to open his eyes. Chilled
hrough hv the cold, and broken down
by the fright- which he had, he was try-
ig to thank olil t imam, who was i:ik
ig care of him, by a smile of idiotic hap
piness, r or tne rest ne nau an insigni-
licant and vulgar lace wnicn ioroaue to
attribute to hiin any part 111 proposing
he adventure of M. Bellac's lecture. 1
0111 luded that he had only played the
iart of confidant in it, and determined to
examine carefully thcintrepid man who
was following us at a distance 111 anoth-
r boat, and who must have been the he-
i-o of that mysterious entei prise.
Thev must have been high-spirited
tools, though," said Celio to me, "to
have ventured alone on the sea in that
rg-shcll. Celio Barcot undertook to
-erve as pilot to taKe them dick to the
coast. He let himself get caught 111 the
eddies, which dashed them against the
rock, where the ship oi these gentlemen
was broken like a toy. A line boat that!
f which the urchin will have no reason
to be proud."
"We will scold Iiim to-morrow," said
Mile. Merquem, who had. risen to conn
near us. "10 day the sea has said
enough to him on its own account. But
wily do you call these shipwrecked men
jciiejir"
"liecaiiss they are townspeople who
wanted to play at sailors," answered
Celio.
"Don't speak ill of townspeople," ans
wered Uelie, looking at me: "there are
some ot them who have so much courage
that they can dispense with orders."
Ah, the deuce:-' said old William,
who was making ready to run along
shore, and who begged me to make way
lorinm; "the lauy has pardoned you.
and yet yon have none the less set a bad
example to her crew by acting without
ner command, ho we are forced to par-
dcu vou also and admit that you are a
fine fellow."
I shook the hand of the old pilot, but
did not dare to offer mine to Ceiie to as
sist her to land. That seemed to be the
privilege of the oldest of her godsons.
Celio the JMigJisliman it was my duty
to respect the orders 01 tne uav.
The discmharkment was a touching
scene. All the women and old men ot
the place, with all their children, were
on the beach. Celie was greeted with
caresses and enthusiastic benedictions
No one was indifferent to her happy
prowess, me nrst to dart toward her
was a boy of ten years, with a sweet and
intelligent face, who threw himself 01
her neck and kissed her with transport
Celie, who walked quickly to warm her
self, for we were all completely drench
ed, pushed hiin toward me, saying to
him, "r,murace this gentleman, ahead
ded, looking at ine attentively and point
ing to tne child, mis is ne:"
It was John Wright, of the Isle of Jer
sey, surnamed Muses since his shipwreck.
my luture child ot adoption. I musi
have been very hard to please if his love-
ly face had not taken my heart at first
sight. With an air of wonder, and yet
full of confidence, he threw himself into
my arms. I gave him two hearty kisses
and looked at Celie. We und'ersiood
each other we two had a secret between
us. How happy and proud 1 was!
I helped to carry and place the un
known in a weli-warined bed, which
was kept ready for any event iu the
house ot old William, lhe same care
awaited Celio Barcot in his own house
hold. The third victim of the shipwreck
was, at his request, conducted to the
house of Michael the inn-keeper. I was
so curious to have a near view of him
that 1 was going to follow him, when
Mile. Merquem, enveloped in a great
peli-s; of i.ltie ca.-hmeic that her ser
vants had brought from the chateau,
stopped me to say to me in a tone of
authority: "Yon must change your dress
immediately; there are some clothes
here always ready. You shall be dis
guised in your turn as a fisher; that will
1. ol frighten vou, however vou who re
coil from no part iu a charade. Go,
quick, your friend the painter is looking
loryou."
"Arc yi.n going to leave us?" s:iid I,
iti dismay: "then don't ask ine to lose a
moment
"l.'o v. hat yon are bid," she answered.
"Ah! wh it 1111 in.-iilioniinate man you
are! You will find me there in "the
tire corner of the kitchen. Mike haste!"
Father William's house was spacious,
and composed of two stories, vv i 1 1 1 a bal
cony under the rustic penthouse from
which access could lie had to several
chambers. I entered that of Stephen,
who called to mc as lie was changing his
clothes, tin- he was as wet as myself.
"Hold," he said;" here is a costume
for you entirely new, which I have re
served for you, knowing that you are
something of :i swell. Beside, it is your
due; you're more genteel than 1 am and
have had better luck I saw yon doiuga
very pretty feat of gymnastics on a sort
ot perch true, it was a success, lint I am
afraid you have risked your life to save a
"couudrel. Jiut hush there he is on the
balcony he's looking for his conn ade.
TO U CtXTiXCU.j
AJKCIMXS OF PIBLIC iTlfcN.
ax cor., j. w. forxkt.
NO. SXIII.
Slavery and Us mysterious inner life
has never vet been described. When it
is. Reality will surpass Fiction. Uncle
Tom's Cabin will be rebuilt aud newly
garuitured. A book detailing the opera
tions of the underground railroad is soon
K be published iu Philadelphia by Wil-
..in I- S..Alll.VLi nAliiMul I
nam sun, uw.Miei
gentleman, which, composed entirely of
lacts, will supply material lor indefinite
dramas aud romances. It will disclose a
record of unparalleled courage and suf-
fet ing for the right. The uarrative ol
Professor Johu 11. Langston, of Uowaid
L niversity, at v asiiiugiou, laiuuus as
orator and scholar; bis birth as a slave,
tiie education of himself and brother by
his white father; his return, after many
years, to his native town iu Virginia, as I
me cuainpioii 01 ma
race and of their
newiy-acqui eu ..eeuuu,
stery ot r rederick Douglas, told by him-
newlv-acquired freedom; the thrilling
self: the eventful career of Stephen
Smith, the rich colored man oi jrunauei
pliia, who voted for Jackson in 1S32, was
afterwards disfranchised by the insertion
of the word 'white' in the constitution of
Pennsylvania iu 1S38, aud again voted
uuder the immortal act oi emancipation
lie experience ot ibenezer U. Bassett,
our resident minister at Hayti; the strug
gle for self-improvement of Octavius V.
Catto, and the tragedy of hi3 assasiuation
tiie early enorts ot Jonu crown, long be
fore he was known to the world as the
willing martyr of his ideas; the sketch
of the inner life of W illiam J. W llson,
ice president of the Freednien's Saving
Institution at Washington, including Ins
story of the industry, patience and econ
omy of his race tiie loiig conflict with
slavery of Senator Bevels, of Mississippi
the stormy Hie. oi .Ldeiueuaui vxoveruor
Dunn, of Louisiana, and last, not least,
the memoir of Robert Purvis, the accom
plished gentleman and scholar, residing
at By berry, in Philadelphia a memoir
which, w ritten by himself, would sur
pass iu the intensity of its interest many
of the famous autobiographies of the day
these and their companion pictures
might be called the genuine 'Romance oi
Kealitv.' The time is coming when they
cau be published without fear and read
wiinout prejuuivjc ah iuc n. vi civ
ilization which liberated millions, as well
the slaves of others as the slaves of aere
bigotry, men will ponder these volumes
with an iudiguatiou and surprise not
less sincere because felt for the first time.
In the sanctity which 6urrouuded the
institution of slavery, a sanctity result
ing from the arguments ol the clergy,
the politicians, aud capitalists, the habfts
and luxuries of the society created by the
submission ol its fettered millions, and
its influence upon commerce in Europe
aud America, the still small voice of con
science was hushed. Aud II the men
who had grown rich and great had not
nuaiiv ueeu mauueueu oy ine iuea inai i
i i i .i i
they were irresistable and inviolable,
slavery would have finally accomplished
lhe overthrow of the Government. The
idea carried into war saved the nation
aud destroyed its enemies.
Among the thousand novel incidents
of emancipation, one of curious interest,
..amiliar to myselt and many others, may
be related
John Queen is a light mulatto, five
feet ten inches high, about thirty-Uve
years of age. He had lived a slave in
Anne j rundel county, in the State oi
Maryland, and severalyears before eman-
i nation he obtained his tree papers, lie
is harmless, quiet and inoffensive; but
when he was jokingly tola that the tra
ders were coming to take him back to
slavery his eyes would flush, and his
whole demeanor would change. lie
would exclaim: "Dey neber tike me
back to slaberv. I die in tie blood first,
I die in de blood! cut out dere heart, eat
Jer liber. Is'e free born, I tell you, Is'e
iree born and when asked to show his
papers, he would repeat something like
these words "Do you know de II d's
"Yes, I know them." "Do yon know
Squire C referring to certain old
Maryland families. "Do you mind tie
m iruin old squire u sain, xo, donu
'o down to de stable, hitch up old Baldy
and de silber gray, put em in de coach,
go to 'Aapolis to make out ue tree
papers uen oiu squire a came
down, all dressed up, dressed in black
silk breeches, silbei buckle on de knee,
silber buckle in de shoes, hair powdered,
hanging down the back; John Queen
inmn on de step behind de coach, and
den we all go to apons. wen we got
dere we all go to de court, and dere, in
ile face ob de whole court, Squire H
he kiss dd book and do declare dat John
Queen is a free-born." Upon being ask
ed to snow ins papers, wnicn ne would
never consent to do, the poor, half-wit
ted fellow, who had long years before
committed them and locked them in his
memory, while he himself did keep the
key, in a monotonous, recitative repeated
something like the lollowmg, never va
rying in the slightest degree, and always
reiterating "dat I'se free-born "In de
State of Maryland, de Anne Arundel
county, and de Anno Domini, in de year
of our Lord, de one tousand and de eight
hundred and de forty seven. In de face
of de whole court, I do now declare dat
John Queen, who is five feet ten inches
in de height, wicl de long, straight, black
hair, valler in complexion, wid a mole
on de right upper lip, which is de free
born, in de testimony whereof I do here
by, in de State of Maryland, in de county
of Anne Arundel, in de year ot our .Lord
de anno Domini one tousand eight hun
dred and forty-seven, set my hand and
de great seal ob de court, and do hereby
now declare dat dc aforesaid John Queen
is tree-born.
John never paused until he finished
this indubitable proof of his freedom,
and always seemed to glean satisfaction
from having the original in his posses
sion, which he said he never would part
Irom save with Ins heart s blood. Otilv
a few evenings ago I heard this incident
described iii the presence of some of the
connections of the Maryland families re
ferred to. and they instantly recognized
lhe picture and the persons preserved in
the memory of this simple freedman. If
I suppress the names it is only because it
is unnecessary to revive individual re
lations to a system which does no credit
to those who subsisted upon it. however
uuconsciously or innocently.
THE lA.TlTOAIVY BISG.
BY CBAS. F. WI.NGATE.
Th tloarest ring in Venice will I give yon.
And find it out by proclamation."
Merchant of Venice
The history of the Tammany Ring is
the history of a small faction which lists
risen through opportune circumstances
and anility ot a certain order to the con
trol of the first city iu the Union. A brief
sketch of its origin, members, and the
means by which it has accomplished its
ends may be useful iu the present crisis
in .cw lorn
The Ring takes its name from the Tain-
many Society a political club, which
when founded, in 178U, was of a highly
respectable character, but has since de
generated from a center of national pol
itics to an instrument of personal am
bition and local intrigue. During the
days of Fernando Wood the Tammany
Society became the controlling power iu
municipal atfairs, and it was through it
that the leaders of the ling acquired
mucii oi tneir power,
The actual members of the Tammany
Ring are Sweeny, Tweed. Hall, and Con
nolly though others have aided them iu
getting and sharing the spoils, Tiie rec
ord of these four men Is black, indeed,
ami it supplies a curious chapter of biog.
rapny.
Peter B. Sweeny Is of the humblest-
origin. Of Irish parentage, he Is remem
bered bv some as a ragged bov, playing
about the streets of New York near the
Btables kept by his uncle.Thomas J. Barr,
the present Sheriff In the famous Sixth
Ward. After having only an ordinary
Piiuiic fcuooi uucauon, ua entered ui
AGRICULTURE, AND GENERAL NEWS.
law office of the famous advocate, James
T. Brady, where he acquired the rudi
ments of the legal profession. Politics,
however, proved more attractive than
law; and a naturally secretive and retir
ing disposition disinclined him for prac
tice in the courts, while it fitted hiin es
pecially for political wirepulling and
scheming. Sweeny soon became inter
ested in ward elections aud like matters,
and wa3 made the general factotum and
assistant of his uncle, who was successive-
r.
iy elected assistant aiuermau anu state
Senator. In Albany he found himself
iu his true element.aud soon took alead-
ing position as a lobbyist. lie carried a
number of corrupt schemes through the
legislature, including gas monopolies,
railroad charters, omnibus lines, and
iite matters, which brought him in much
wealth and be became known as one of
the most expert of all the members of
the third house at the State Capital.
In 1859 Mr. Sweeny was appointed dis
trict attorney of the City of New York;
b t as is aUege1 hls disUkeof appearing
Europ, a8 aS
excuse tor not pertorming the duties ot
the office. The latter he afterward re-
signed, and returned to the more congen
ial occupation of political manager. He
was iuvolved in all the elections from
his district,and had contests with Justice
Ledwith, Congressman James Brooks.
Chas. G. Halpiue well known as "Miles
O'Reilly" and Thomas Murphy, the
present collector of New York, for the
control of certain offices, in which he
sometimes failed, though his political
power constantly increased. In 1S67
Sweeny was made city chamberlain by
Mayor Hoffman,. w ith a salary of $10,000,
while as city treasurer he received a like
amount for doing precisely the same du
ties, owing to the peculiar character of
the law which prescribes the nature of
the two offices. uut, not content with
this emolument, the tax levy of 1868 was
altered so as to give him a percentage on
all the money passing through his hands,
amounting to the modest sutnof $11,522
per annum, or a total income of sixty
odd thousand dollars. Is it strange that,
with such pay as this, with other money
from law receiverships, pavement jobs,
and swindles, that Mr. Sweeny is a rich
man aud can live in opulence?
Space will not permit of further details
of is weeny 's other operations In Albany
and the City, nor ins connection with
t isk, which Jed to his appointment as a
director of the Erie Railroad. It is
enough to say that he now fills the posi
tion ot political dictator in the metropo
lis, wielding an absolute authority over
the Democratic party, pocketing the lion's
share of all city jobs, and planning new
schemes for plundering the city and State
treasury.
Personally Mr. Sweeny is a man of
considerable culture, with a taste for
general literature. He is a fair lawyer,
aud knows the statutes of the State and
County of New York thoroughly, hay
iiicr mil limn oiren mnsr. m rnnsp vrntii
of those which
e-
haye been passed iu late years. He is
short aud thick-set, with dark complex
ion, coarse features, a low forehead,
black mustache, and a morose expression.
He is reticent and unsocial, except among
i u a in ate friends. Few admire him per
sonally, while lie lias ma-iv enemies and
is a mail of vindictive and unforgiving
disposition. His power is due wholly to
his ability, and will ast just as long as
ue is successful, l need only acid that,
like most New York politicians, he is a
devoted Catholic.
William M. Tweed, generally known
as "Boss Tweed," is a native of New York
aud of Scotch descent. His father was a
chairmaker by trade, and Tweed succeed
ed tc the business; but, losing his capi
tal by some catastrophe, he adopted poli
tics as a profession. To do this he joined
the voluntary Fire Department, and by
his energy and torceot character became
foreman of engine company Mo. 6, from
whence comes his title ot "Big six
This was the first step in those times on
tiie ladder of political advancement.
Tweed next became a ward politician.
and filled various offices, with constant
increase ot power aud pelf, as well as of
that intimate acquaintance witn men and
affairs necessary to a demagogue. Tweed
is a man ot vast executive talent and dis
patch, as is shown by the innumerable
offices which he fills, not only-in the city
government, but also in private corpora
tions, -lie is interested in almost every
large public or private enterprise in the
city as the East River Bridge, the Via
duct itaiiway, Broadway improvement.
aud like jobs while being also referee
in numerous law cases, and sharer in fat
contracts ot all kinds
His personal looks are known to every
one, through Nast's portraiture. He is
tall and fat, with a frame indicative of
vast force and endurance. He dresses
plainly, is affable in his manners, and cau
be very pleasant when he chooses. Nat
urally, however, he is a man of no re
finement, but of a strong animal nature-
He makes no concealment of his acts;
but calls a spade a spade, and openly ad
mits that his only aim is personal gain
and advancement,
lie lives in a magnificent house on
iith Avenue, whose moles aloue are
furnished iu a manner to excite wonder.
Besides this, he has a summer residence
at Green wich.Connecticut, fitted up with
equal splendor, with a tine law library,
and a number ot paintings by American
artists; for this patriotic millionaire
scorns to patronize other than native tal
cut. He is-generous to his friends, but
implacable to his enemies, A good hits
baud and father, he is yet celebrated for
his licentiousness; aud. while robbing
the public treasury of millionshe is lav
ish iu his charities, distributing $50,000
at one time to the poor of the city, when
an election was pending. His whole na
ture is gross of the earth earthy and
he shows no signs of the higher qualities
oi tne minu or neart.
Richard Connolly, familiarly known as
Slippery Dick," is notable for no special
talent or individuality; but has simply
been a ready tool in the hands ot his
more astute associates. He is a man of
low origin, and essentially a parvenu. As
Controller he has grown wealthy, as the
real estates records ot the city show-
Without any personal pluck, and trem
bling at the attacks of the press, he is in
capable of Independent action, and relies
now on the Committee ol seventy, as ne
did before on the other members of the
Ring. Since being deserted by his con
federates he has turned state's evidence,
and may thus balance his evil deeds bv
exposing their trickery; in which case
the public will allow his name to sink
into merited oblivion.
A. Oakev Hall, Mayor of New York
and ex-district attorney, presents
strange combination in his character. A
politician, journalist, dramatist, lawyer
punster, and general isoiieinian, no com
bines tne shrewdness ot a knave with the
nimbleness of a moutehank. Whethe
he is altogether a sham, or whether his
charlatanry is used merely for effect.it is
hardly possible to say: but the world has
seldom produced so adroit a buffoon and
so silly a scoundrel, lie may be rauke
witii Ctco. Crancis Train, the Count
Joannes, Daniel Pratt, and James Fisk
Jr. all of whose love of notoriety ha
addled their brains, and often leads them
to the most grotesque and serio-comic
actions.
A native of New York, TJall is of good
laniuy. and claims descent irom one
Cromwell's colonels. He graduated from
iSew ork l;niversitv,wherc he display.
ed proficiency iu the classics, and spent
part of the course at Harvard Law
School. He then went to New Orleans,
and became a newspaper reporter, bu
soon left that position, to enter the law
office of the once famous Slldcll, where
he spent some time, but eventually came
nacK to JNew lork. And, alter trvin
his hand at authorship, he founded th
law firm of Brown, Hall Vanderpool
oi wnicn nc is still a member, lie til
not practice law, however; but left that
to his partners, while be joined Swcenv
as an Albany lobbyist. Through his ex-
ertions in creating the various commls-
eions to wnoia most or our local govern-
18, 1871.
ment is delegated. Hall secured a large
amount of law business for his partners,
and has thus become prosperous; though
nothing like the riches which Tweet1,
Sweeny, and Connolly have got has fal
len to his share. Originally he was a
Republican and a violent Know-Nothing;
but the prospect of advancement led him
to betray his party, and he went over to
Tammany, who rewarded his perfidy by
making him district attorney. While iii
this position he earned an unenviable
notority by forcing persons charged with
crimes to perform political service to
Tammany. Thousands of sentences
were suspended, and the persons subie t
to them allowed to go free, on this con
dition and as a result the Ring have
been able to compel unwilling persons
to do their will. At this time Hall lent
imself so completely to the dirty work
of his party as to earn the title from the
II orld, in one of its moments of honest
statement, of a "shamsless corruptionist
of the Ring," which sums up his charac
ter in a sentence.
He has personally the manners of a
gentleman and, excepting on St. Pat
ricks day, when ne wears a green suit,
his appearance is respectable. He is a
good ex tempore speaker, and writes
clearly and forcibly; though usually
his literary talents are turned to base
uses, and to making the worse appear
the better reason. His reputation as a
lawyer is good. He is president of the
j.otus Club, and likes to associate with
the jonrnalists and actors among its
members. His ambition is for social
standing, and to be at the head of a great
newspaper; and his powers have been
turned to accomplish this end, rather
than to obtain wealth. There is nothing
great or admirable about him, and he is
simply a successful trickster.
Tiie means by which the Ring has ac
complished its ends have been patronage,
combination, and political ability. Their
control of the city government has given
them all the municipal appointmeuts.aud
thus added an army ot officeholders to
their adherents. Then by combination
they have been able to resist and over
come oprosition, whether from rivals, the
press,or the public generally, intrenched
in the City Hall and other public offices.
backed by their underlings at the polls
and protected by corrupt judges from
any risk of punishment, they have car
ried on their frauds witn au amazing ef
frontery and recklessness. They must
be given the merit of having undoubted
ability as plotters, wirepullers, and
thieves. Add to tnis tne apatny anu neg
lect of community at large, aud it is easy
to account for the success of the Ring.
Whether their reign is over, and the daT
of atonement reached, will soon be shown,
but, if the reform party in New York
succeed in overthrowing the four men
we have sketched, and making them dis
gorge their ill-gotten gains, they effect a
result which win ne memorable ior an
tiu.e to come.
THE PAPER TRADE.
Within the last ten years great chang
have taken place iu the manufacture
of paper. Previous to that time cotton
or wooleu rags were the material used.
but the supply of cotton having been
ut on by the war, rags became scarce
and expensive, and paper manufacturers
looked anxiously about for a substitute.
n the year 18o7 a patent was taken out
for the manufacture of paper out of
straw, but rags were at that time cheap,
and notwithstanding the fact that the
value of the discovery was demonstrated,
manufacturers refused to recognize its
advantages. A few years later, how
ever, when rags became scarce, straw
came into general use. Since then straw
paper has become very popular, and
now most all the paper made, except
the very nnest qualities, are more or
less formed of it. Its chief excellence
its cheapness, although the manufac
ture of straw paper is a more expen
sive operation then the manufacture of
paper from rags. The paper pulp must
be pure nbriue matter, and rags an
swer its requisite exactly, with the ex
ception of such matter as collects upon
them while used as wearing apparel.
This, however, is readily removed bv
bleaching. Straw, however, is encased
in a hard coating of silicate, which must
be removed by the action of strong
alkalies before its reduction to pulp.
v arious kinds ot woods have recently
been found of value in the manufacture
of pulp. Poplar is by far the best, but
the fibre oi an wood puip is so snort tnat
it possesses but very little cohesive pow
er, and can only oe used prontaoiy wnen
mixed with rags. Waste paper is now
used in the manufacture of paper, much
more tnau formerly,, ana, combined
with wood, straw, or rags, is both eco
nomical a-d useful. Immense quan
tities of waste paper are daily collected
n the streets, and in JNew York alone
there are four hundred shops where it
is bought, thus giving employment to
hundreds ot persous. ine Quest quality
of paper manufactured is what is known
as bank note paper. Only a small quant
ity of this is made ior ordinary corainer-
icai purposes, and tnat intended tor
the use of the Government is manufac
tured under its owu supervision.
The different names given to the va
rious sizes of paper originated chiefly
from emblems which, in the early days
ot paper manutacture were nxea in tne
water-mark, thus. "looiscap" derives its
name from a fool's cap ana bells which
were represented on the first issue of
paper ot that size; "post, irom post-
mans born, and "pot," trom the ap
pearance ot a pewter pot.
During the war the price of paper
advanced rapidly, and the commoner
grades could be Imported much cheaper
than tney could oe manuiacturea here.
Since then, however, the market has
declined to the old rate, and now the
only foreign paper brought here is an
inferior quality of printing paper from
Belgium, and fancy writing papers trom
France and England. There are at pres
ent 1 ,200 paper mills in the United States,
which produce annually about 500,000
pounds of paper, but the supply is never
equal to toe demand.
SEBICTlOJi A.XD ARSON.
Two
You n K Ciirls Set Fire to
Hairii of Their Betrayer.
tbe
The Newark, O., Adrocafe has an ac
count of a remarkable case of seduction,
abortion and arson recently occurring in
.Lacking county. A young woman was
arrested for burning a barn in Perry
Township about a vear ago. She had
previous to ner arrest, commenced a suit
against the owner of the barn for breach
ot promise, but, before trial, comprom
ised u on payment ol f Juu, binco her ar
rest for arson the woman admits tin
crime, but in addition to the breach of
promise, alleges that her seducer caused
an abortion to be effected on herself, md
also, at a subsequent period, on the other
young girl who accompanied her to the
barn on the night it was set on fire
both of the m, as is all eged
having been seduced under the
expectation of becoming the wife of the
same man. The two abortions were
produced by a transient physician who
kept an office in Newark for more than a
year on the principal street ol the city
and within a stone's throw of the court
house, On the supposition that the
charges as made by these t wo women are
true, it is almost incredible that- the se
ducer should have ventured to have been
personally instrumental in requiring
their arrest. As a matter of course, the
women, alter tnelr imprisonment, made
oath against him, causing him to be ap-
proheuded aud bound over to answer the
charge preferred against him. His bond
has been forfeited, and the trial of the
girls for arson has not yet taken place.
The whole facts of this case, carrying
pain and sorrow in large numbers of
friends, as well as to themselves, should
serve as a warning to men and women
iu all condltioii?, both young and old
to beware how they allow themselves to
do auured Horn the line or rectitude.
NUMBER 19.
CRiatES AXO CASUALTIES.
Lawrence Taft. a hostler was killed In
Virginia Citron Thursday by the kick
of a horse.
Jas. Smith, brakeman.fell from a train
of cars at Guthiie, Ky., aud was mu
over and horribly mangled.
Stephen Waterman, member of the
Rhode Island State Legislature, shot him
self iu the luad at Providence.
The trial of Michael Howard at Ports
mouth, Massachusetts, for the murder oi
Daniel Cronau, resulted iu a verdict of
not guilty.'
Frank Jones, while walking alontr the
Horn Lake road two miles south of Mem
phis was shot by some unknown person
and fatally wouuded.
Mrs. Julia Savier. who shot Mrs. Lano.
her husband's paramour, dead, was ac
quitted on trial for murder at Stockton,
Dan Smith, a negro convicted at Mem
phis of killing young Merriweather. was
sentenced on Saturday, by the Criminal
Court, to be hung on the 29th of Decem
ber.
George Beares. a brakeman on trie Pan
Handle Railroad was run over at Green
ville, Ohio, on Wednesday afternoon.
and had a leg crushed, from the effects of
wnicn ne win probably die.
Frank Sharp of Providence, R. I., was
sentenced, on Thursday, to five resrsin
the State Prison for burglary, and Alva
ro Elliot to three years for horse stealing.
Both are uuder nineteen years of age.
B. F. Randolph, of Cincinnati, clmrs-ed
with murdering bis wife, attempted to
commit suicide in the Delaware County
Jail on Thursday night, and then confess
ed tnat be murdered his wife by straugu-
latiun.
Weisler, who killed Shipley, of Louis
ville, a few months siuce, at Corinth,
leuii., by upsetting a lamp unon him lo
cover a robbery, was shot last Wednes
day night by au uuknown party and
Kiiieu.
Charles H. Ward'of the late banking
firm of Melleu, Ward Co., Boston, sen
tenced to three years' imprisonment, in
June, 1870, for embezzling government
muds, nas oeeu released on pardon from
President Grant.
Ignatius Bracelin. who was arrested at
Philadelphia on Thursday on suspicion
that he was Frank Kelly, the murderei-
of Catto, has hceu liberated, the investi
gation proviug the arrest to be a ce ol
mistaken identity.
At Cincinnati, on Saturday, a carpen
ter in attempting to cross oil a board
from one house to another, fell three
stories, breaking his legs aud skull, be
sides shockingly mutilating himself with
a broad axe he had in bis hand.
A negro woman of highly respectable
character has been arrested at Jaeniel.
Hayti, upon the charge of Cannibalism.
The accusation alleges that she lias kilieu
and eiten twenty-six children whom she
had inveigled luto ber premises for the
purpose.
A boiler in the black-smith shon of the
Pittsburg, Fort Wayne Chicago Kail
Koad Company exploded Tuesday. Six
men were injured, some of them Quite
seriously, though not fatally. The brick
walls were shattered and the machinery
much damaged.
Charles Frank, a German boy, four
teen years old, was arrested at Union Hill
on Thursday, charged with having set
flrA tn Rannnu-Et-iu'a 1 1.
u. w j.v a ..jjji. aiiv, nun
was burned a week ago at West Hoboken.
The prisoner admitted ins guilt aud was
held to answer.
James Dufileld was murdered in West
1'ittabtirg, on Saturday night, by two
men named Lorriuger and Finn, who
beat his brains out with clinkers from a
furnace. The murderers were arres.ed
and are in jail. Dufileld was about fiftv
years old aud leaves a family.
Frank Siefert. a young man in the em
ploy of Siefert McN'arma, boiler ma
kers at aiansneld, was killed near the
depot, ou Thursday, by falling under a
ireignt train. lie was badly mangled.
It is supposed he was riding betweeu two
freight cars, and fell or was thrown off.
Ada Brown, of Buckfield. aud Anna
Wood, of Hartford, were seen to leap iu
the deepest channel of the falls, at Lewis-
ton, Me., with their arms interlocked.
Iheir bodies have not been found. Thev
removed their outer clothing before tak
ing the fatal leap, and left them on the
rock.
R. L. Faller. a German ieweller of
Nashville, went out hunting and not re
turning at night search was made for
him.- He was tound four miles from the
city, dead, with his nan la mangled and
the upper part of his head blown oft", evi
dently from an accidental discharge of
tne gun.
A negro went to the house of a Mrs
Bass, living near Windsor, Henry coun
ty, Mo., and demanded her money. She
ret used to give it to him, thereupon he
choked her till she was nearly insensible,
aud attempted to outrage her person.
ine negro was arrested uearChutoii and
taken to Windsor and hung by a mob.
At Muscatine, Iowa, on Friday. John
uau, a pnotograpuer, wa tound dead on
a lounge in his gallery. A note iu a
drawer explained that he had been gam
uiing, was heavily in debt, and in despair
was about to commit suicide, which avow
ed intention hebuttoo faithfully carried
out. ne was tweuty-tnree years of age,
A young man named Strieker a 'bus'
agent on the Kansas Pacific Railroad
between Leavenworth and Lawrence,
committed suicide on Monday night.
His father was kindly remonstrating
against his dissipation, and remarked
that he had rather follow his son to the
grave than to see him a drunkard. The
young man replied, "Here goes, father,"
aud instantly put a pistol to his head aud
nisi barged it.
A man named Nicholas Wagner, a Ger
man, was found dead iu the woods east
of Council Bluffs, Iowa. A shot gun
tied to a tree, with a string tied to the
trigger, was found with the remains. A
huiidrt d dollars in money, with notes,
were tound on ins person, i he coroner
iitry returned a verdict of suicide. The
deceased has relations living at Jolict,
Illinois. Wagner has been missing
since the 17th of September,
A counterfeiters don, a few miles from
Kansas City, was broken up and J. F.
Itilev and Tom Ballard were arrested
Harry Cole and Josiah D. Mycr, the lat
ter the leader of the gang," were also
captured, bu escaped while the officers
were examining Myer's house. The ar
ticles captured are one one-thousand
dollar National Bank note plate, one two
dollar Aiuiomil Bank note plate, two ten
dollar national liank note plates, lour
fiftv cent plates, two sets of engraver's
tools, teu traiuter rolls and bed pieces,
two transfer and five printing presses.
eight thousand five hundred dollars
counterfeit bills, and a quantity of liber
paper, the same as used by the Govern
ment, A terrible explosion took place at the
railroad depot in Portsmouth, Ohio. The
mail train, to leave for llamden stood at
the depot, and while the firemen were
taking on coal the locomotive boiler ex
ploded. Geo. Vol k ner, engaged iushov
eling coal from a car into the tender.
was blown into the air fifty feet, and fell
in the Scioto bottom, two hundred yards
distant, a mangled corpse, having no
clothing on but one boot, Adam Schil
ling, a fireman, breaklug coal in the ten
der, was instantly killed, and fell be
tweeu the tender and a coal car. The
top of his head was blown oft'. Adam
Wamsler, a laborer, was injured, but tbe
extent of his injuries Is unknown. Henry
TSMlsUW'
ADVEHTISINO RA.TEH.
srE. 1 1 w. w. 8 w. 3 m. 6 m. 19 m
l iuch. ti.iio ta.oo i 3.jQ tj.as i ts-Qi) t tia.oo
g 1.75 3.U0 6.851 7.00 1 12.U0 1 ItO
3 3..V) 4.00 1 6.U0 S.S0I 15.00 1 2S.UU
4 I 3.25 5.00 7.IIU 10.00 17.00 I ilS.00
5 3.75 5.M 8.75 11.00 IS. 50 32.00
St col. 4.50 1 7 03 10.001 14 00' 2i.Q3 37.50
X 5.45 I 8.00 i 18.00 16.50 85.00 4'.06
l, 8.00 18.50 TTS.50 I 81-00 I 3"'- I S''-0
10.50 tS.00 8100 1 3S.03 I 5no
1 13.00 I 80.00 I TO.) 47. V 7 in I II 0
Business notict in li:al .-xlumilt will be h.ir-
cd tor at the rati of 15 cents tier Hue for first
insertion and eight rnts per line for each sub
sequent insertion
Business car Is f 1.25 per line per annum.
Yearlv advertisers iliscontinuinir their adver
tisements before the expiration of theircontract
will be i-li urged according to tne aoove rati",.
Transient advertisements must invariably b)
paid for in advance. Rezular advertisements
to be paid it the e !-if-
MELANGE,
Ocular punishment Eye lashes.
A leading artlcle A looomotive.
A pair of tights Twa drunkard.
The tune of the smoker Spit-tune
A little short General Tom Thumb.
Capital furniture The Weather Bu
reau.
Tennyson is again Id(y)linT away his
time.
Cash advances Attentions t3 a rich
widow.
Song of the fawns? Call me early,
mother deer.
A bad sign to sign another man'
name to a note.
What does a man see in the wild, wild
waves? Sea foams.
When your "brain is on fire" you may
as well blow it out.
The "Heathen Chinee" baa been set
to music for the gong.
The very best kind of agricultural
fairs farmers' daughters.
When is a young lady "very like a
whale?" When she's pouting.
To campaigners If your tent is not
waterproof you should pitch it.
"Saffron-hued angel of death" is the
Mississippi name for yellow iever.
Ever-greens merchants who exnec
to make moneywithout advertising.
A Western editor reports money 'close.
but not close enough to be reached.'
Resting on His Owers. The man
who lives on the interest of his money.
Ben Conley was formerly a shoemaker.
His last is the Governorship. That's
awl.
A Dutchman says, "I doesn't like de
milk I geis in Milwaukee. I likes de ud
der kind.
A Missouri paper publishes the names
of the physicians who have had bad luck
with their patients.
Don't expect too much morality from
your editor, for evil communications cor
rupt good manners.
Josh Billings savs "knowing how to
sit square on a bile, without hurting, is
one of the lost arts."
As daylight can be seen through very
small holes, so little things will illustrate
a person's character.
There is a city in Silesia bearing the
unctions name of Phatt. It is probably
a kind of an obe-ciiy.
To the Epiliptic Always buy your
clothe? at a cheap slop-shop and you'll
never have another fit.
The unattractive but possibly not
wholly inappropriate name of a Kansas
City tailor, is Swindler.
Why is it vulgar to use a wooden plat
ter for fhe loaf? Why, of course, be
cause it is so under bred.
The citizens of Griffin, G i., are in a
peck of trouble because they only get a
lozen potatoes in a bushel.
A thirsty old toper paid his last ten
enrs for a drink, the other day ,and sang,
"I'm sad, and yet I smile."
The Brooklyn whisky distillers now
sing; "All the Rads now smile on us,
when going through our rye."
Annapolis Benedicts excuse the
scratches on their faces by saying they
have been tooling witn tne cat.
The Advance says "A great deal of
our religion is simple starch, and we dig
nity it with the naineot sanctity."
A cornucopia is a h.-rn of plenty. It
takes its name from those who indulge
in "horns" and get copiously corned.
New Hampshire, it is said, possesses a
real curiosity iu the shape of a Congress
man who refuses to frank his wife g let
ters. Now that the embroidered sack has be
come the rage, the young ladies devout
ly pray, "Give us this uay our daily
braid'
"Who is that foreign lady with the
low-cut dress?" asked a bystander at a
party. "That is Mrs. ChemisofT, a Rus
sian lady?"
Out West, candidates have at way of
declaring that they will play seven-up
on one another a coffin betore tne cam
paign is over.
Why is the difference betwen the en-
trance to a barn and a loafer in a printing
office? One is a barn door and the other
is a darn bore.
In a rural Connecticut town the doc
tor occupies the pulpit on Sundays, see
ing no reason why he should not unite
doctrine with doct'rin.
Cleveland Conncilmen have an inter
esting way of commencing their five
hour harangues with "I don't wish to
take up the time of this Council, but"
R. A. Shepard, agent of a transfer
company at Memphis, cured himself of
intemperance, on Monday, by commit
ting suicide. He was originally from
Louisville.
A sharp Toledo girl said of a gentle
man to whom she had just been intro
duced, that he would be very presenta
ble if the Lord hadn't turned up so much
of his legs to make feet of.
Two ladies were traveling together on
the cars when a stranger asked the elder
what relationship she bore the younger.
The answer was quick and pertinent:
"She is my sister's daughtar. and my
daughter's sister?,' How?
Iiniieciinlous Chicagoansseek financial
replenishment by the sale of rings made
from the bones of the cruel cow with the
crumpled horn that kicked the lamp that
started the fire that burned the barn that
fiamed up the whole town of Chicago.
A lady teacher iu an Iowa school made
a boy stand up and show bow he kissed
the big girls in the woodshed, in hopes
that he would shed tears and promise to
do so no more. All the boys are leaving
the other schools now and going to this
lady teacher.
"I eav, milkman, you give your cows
too much salt?" "Why?, h'owM.. yon
know how much salt I give them?" "I
judge from the appearance of the milk
you have brought lis lately. Salt makes
the cows dry, and then they drink too
much water that makes their milk thin,
yon know."
A young lady with a vcrvjprctty foot,
but with a rather lu ge ankle, went into
a San Francisco shoe store to be meas
ured. The admiring clerk, who is of
Gallic extractiou, complimented her in
the following queer way: "Mad-am,
you one beautiful foot, but le leg com
mence too immediately."
It is stated that the woman's right
movement has extended to Turkey, and
women are now accorded privilege's here
tofore unknown. For example, a wife
whose charms are waning is given her
choice betweeu bow-stringing and
drowning in a sack. This radical con
cession W regarded with grave apprehen
sion by the conservative element.
"An Old Maid" says in a letter to tho
Jterolution that she feels aggravated
when she reflects thi.t if every woman
and female child upon the glolie should
be suddenly stricken front existence, the
business of the world would go on, to all
appearance, pretty much tbe same as be
fore. "There would," she adds, "bo
music and oetry, lecturer, sermons and
theatricals, as now. Shirts and coau
would be just as well made, washed anil
ironed; tables as elegantly laid, steak
and coffee as nicely cooked and served."
The old maid then gives expression to
this startling idea. "The disagreeable
consideration la that after a few scores of
yeara the race would run out. But I can
didly assure you that 1 have dobU even
of this! Such vast strides In dlacovtry
aro being made by scientists of tbe pres
ent day, that, goaded as they would be
by so powerful au incentive its the fear
of extinction, 1 am hxlf prepared to be
lieve that some means would be devised
by which tho race might be perpetua
ted." Who will be the flrat to discover
a substitute for the old proem?