IS&V-s;'r-J-
T'lrSrSFSfKS

MJJ m pi J I.HUt 1 f M I. r n"
-c 3&&$g8$$$e&j
h
hr
r-
I:
K
l
u

r
w
!T?

i
-K
r?'
hZ--
iJU
fvn.--iJ
a
tf
"THE LEAVENWORTH
2!feV4WSK'-JiSjSEi:
v m a- j f7T- k
-p f 7
r
t
K
M-
R
SSrN
r-5-
V
i?
LR-rf
?.x S
!J K
i3Ss?
-sir
ST
'ks:
Qifi
inws
TaDBSDAY. NOVEMBER 1C. 1871.
Host. S. A. Cobb is elected to tLe legisla
ture from the Twenty seventh District, Wy
andotte count, and Frank II. Eetton from
the Twenty-sixth District, same county.
A XOVI.I. IDE I.
Somebody suggests that Chichago he heated
by'steam. Tiie plan is to run pipes unier
ground from a central resirvoir to each
luiuc It is pronounced feasible ly the
New York Timet, though it doubts whcthe
the time has arriveil for so extensive an improvement.
FOR 8PE1KI.R.
We hear many name mentioned for
Speaker or the next House. Among them
none more prominently tlian tlwl of Gen.
ii. it. Strickler, of Junction City. It would
give the people great pleasure to see so able
a man and true a Republican occupy that
iKfeition.
A tii.OttlOt,! RESULT.
Throughout the entire country there will
be one voice of congratulation at the glori
ous result achieved in the defeat of Tatnmc
ny in New York City.
We may hop; that a better day is dawn
ing in the Kjlitical history of the land, and
that corrupliomsts will he driven from the
place of honor which they have so long
olluted.
OWN CePSTT ELECTKUI.
Brown, Ik-publican, is elected Representa
tive, over Parsons, Democrat, by a vote of
745 to 315.
1. N.Morrill, one of the best men in the
county U elected County Clerk, over Bieser
Democrat, by a vote of 7GC to 276. Tne en
tire B-publican ticket is elected by a large
majority. The bond were derated by a
vote of 030 against and 489 for the bonds.
MAMiACHCMETTM.
At one time during the progress of the
Butler fight, says the Cleveland Leader,
Democrats thought they would elect John
Quincy Adams, Governor, slipping him in
between the two rival Republican candidates.
Instead of that, the young man not ouly runs
behind last 3 ear, but is even defeated for
Representative in the Legislature from the
town of Quincy. Poor Jack! his ancestral
pretensions are no offset to his political asso
ciations, lie had better climb the family
tree, and be still; or, if he must hoot, do it
in the dark.
Boston has some claim to fellowship with
New lork and Chicago on the score of po
litical reform, hut year Governor Ctaflin
lacked nearly 800 of a plnrality in that city;
yesterday the plurality there for the Repub
lican nominee for Governor was about 10,000.
TH-.: TE AT 1MB FT.
There is an evident discrepancy in the
vote at the Fort, which is one bund ml and
eighty-four, and the whole voting population
which is only one hundred, and which
gave so large a majority against Mr. Bond.
Other rumors are afloat, which we will not
publish; but it is strange that if a compara
tively nomadic portion of our population,
living uion a military reservation, should
dec de the result of the election of the Sher
iff of Leavenworth Cftunty, and the whole
matter passed over without inquiiy. It
would be well to investigate the matter
closely, and if wrong has been done, that it
be righted, and justice done to Mr. Bond and
the Republican arty of the county.
UL'IMNE.
It is stat d that the amount of quinine sent
from Philadelphia to the Wet this year i
immense, and greater than ever liefore. In
California, during the emigration, ruin
would squander a v.i-t ul of money in qui
nine, which was not tj be had for a son,;,
prescribing for themelve, and turning med
icine taking into a kind ot self
indulgence. Undoubtedly, quinine, if it
dues no more, alleviates fever and ague; but
a man who goes ou taking it all his life and
neglecting natural and ordinary precautions,
will ruin his phtsical constitution and mis
spend his money.
UH1ST A II fA." JOW I.IOO.
It is reported on what is supjioHcd to In
good authority that Gen. Grant haery re
cently declared that he will not countenance
any attempt to revive the San Domingo an
Delation scheme, being utitied that the
Republican party of the country are o-
poeu to it. tien. Orant will have an 0t-
part unity to rpeak for himself in his mes
sage, which is doubtless engaging his present
attention, and it cannot be doubled that any
reference he may make to the quertiou will
be consistent with his message to the Senate
wherein he abandoned the project.
mi: hI'm or fukeiux amsmtaxce.
The amount of aid to Chicago from foreign
countries Ls much, greater than could have
been anticipated. Indeed almost tvery part
of the civilized world seems to be anxious to
do its share for the releif of the devastated
city. Montreal has sent $100,000 in gold,
and the test of Canada probably as much
more, from Havana comes a contribution
of over $10,000 in gold. The contributions
in Great Britain must exceed one hundred
thousand jioiinds sterling, or a half million
dollars in gold. Germany, Belgium, Switz
erland, France and other countries have all
contributed according to their means, and it
may be fairly estimated that the whole
amount given by foreigners will reach a mil
lions of dollars. This is a handsome return
for all that America has done for foreign
countries that have suffered from fire, war,
pestilence and famine.
WHAT V. H. UBAT.1 II S StmCU
First of all the rebellion.
Second the fate of the Democratic party
for some years to come.
Third the Alabama claims.
Fourth General Butler's fishery war.
Fifth that we can pay the national debt.
Sixth that we can ard mutt have an
honest government.
Seventh that Ku-KIuxim mut be put
down.
Eighth that twlygamy must disappear.
Ninth that law aud order must be main
tained. Tenth the Indian question.
Eleventh the reform of the civil service.
Twelfth that the Republican party can
not be broken up by Mr. Scburz or any
other sorehead.
Thirteenth the next Presidency.
THE KAIEUWllt C.l.MII)ATC
The Cincinnati Ewjuirrr is null at it.
Tom Scott editorials sprinkled its issue of
Friday morning like raL-ins in a Christmas
pudding. Tne uprising in favor of Scott has
been so general and enthusiastic as to be em
birrassing, the Enquirer office having been
inconveniently thronged with Democratic
patriots hurrahing for Scott add the Eiupii
rer. Those who refuse to step aboard the
Scott train are alternately pitied and sneced
at. Aa the response of Democratic newspa
per outside of Cincinnati has been more
emphatic than complimentary, there is a
chance for a lively time ahead. It is a very
pretty quarrel as it stand', and we hope
neither aide will back down. "More power
to their elbows."
SECKETAKT 4F HTATE.
According to this morning's news, the
President has concluded to nominate George
William Curtis to the Stale Department vice
Fish, about to retire.
No man in the nation more deserves the
office, by which we mean no man is fitter
for personal fitness is all there is in any
mata'a "deserving." Mr. Curtis is a scholar
of extraordinary attainments in the realm of
travel and of books, of history and of
belle lettres, and he is a diplomatist and a
philosopher who is especially qualified for
the management of the State portfolio. If
Mr. Fish has finally concluded to seek rest
in his old home, we congratulate the country
on the succession of Mr. Curtis.
KEFIjBLICAXN
Are dissatisfied about the result inthe First
Ward, and many are hunting about for a
capeiroit some one on whom their bottled
wrath maybe uncorked. The editor of the
Times comc3 in for his share of the blame,
and many hold him in a measure responsi
ble for the defeat of the ticket there that i-.,
the defeat of Bond and Stein, claiming that
a ward that will elect Darling over Kitchen
with the Fort thrown in could not, and
should not have beaten Bond, except the
leading Republicans of that ward proved re
creant to their pronounced .republicanism.
The fad is a damaging one, that a large
Republican majority, as shown by the fote,
the Republican candidate for Sherifl is beat
en. And yet we are free to confess, so far as
our judgment is concerned, that in the at
tempt to saddle the blame on Col. Anthony,
the parties so doing are wrong. We think
r-o honestly, and until more proof to the con
trary than mere vaporings, is adduced, our
belief mut remain unshaken. Vail.
What our evening cotemporary says above
i- true, and we are obliged to htm for doing
a simple act of justice towards u. Time
will set many things Ftraight which now
seem to be awry and out of joint. We are
content to await in silence thaissueofevents,
believing that we have done our duty to the
community at large, to the people of the
State of Kansas, to the whole Republican
ticket, and stood squarely by our friends in
the contest, nor will we desert them now.
Let us do all we can to keep the Republicans
together and take care of our friends, who
are unfortunately out of office after a gallant
conflict for the position.
UlilLBOr BKICK ORSTOXE.
Mayor Brown, of St. Louis, has declined
to issue any more permits for frame build
ings in that city. We mut soon come to thii
in Chicago. Brick buildings cost only some
fifteen percent, more than wooden, and the
life of this city demands that the substitu
tion be promptly made. Qiicaga Post.
We have always advocated the building in
cities of brick and stone, not only on account
of the greater safety from fire, but because
we save money by it.
If we build of wood one half of the cost
sots to the lumber markets of the East and
the pineries of Wisconsin and Michigan.
If we build of brick and stone all the
money expended in building is paid out for
labor in our midt. Is another argument
seeded? Always stand by and sustain home
industry.
WHITHM.
The rumors of Brigham Young's flight
from Utah increase as he presses toward the
extreme southern boundary of the Territory
in his semi-regal progress. He has often
made these journeys to extreme portions of
his domains; but he has so recently visited
the southern part of Utah that there is some
groand for the belief that he is about to leave
the Territory, unlikely as such a proceeding
M fcis part might otherwise appear. The
report that the Mormons intend to go to
Mexico, where they have been offered shelter
from persecuting monogamists, gives color
to the later rumor that Brigham goes now as
the new Mores leading his people into a
promise land beyond the confines of this Republic
Jliw
'1S3&
'JL-
.5S&:.
P&gy
"fVT-IiTA.
MCTU CAKOLIXA.
Our special dispatches from South Carolina,
says the New York Tiibune, indicate the end
of the Ku Klux organization in that State.
While their friends in the North are calling
down the wrath of Heaven npon this "wicked
war," the ruffians ignorant ranks and in
telligent leaders alikeare coming to die light
of day, shorn of these conspiracies which are
aAcieatly explicit to satisfy the most skepti
cal. One declaration of principles makes
the frst duly of the gang to be Humanity,
Justice and Honor, and having thus trifled
villi sacred things, it is declared that the
last obligation of the Brotherhood is to "put
down Radicalism.n Of course, the destruc
tioa of the Radicals, by fair means or foul,
was the first thins; to be accomplished.
mCBMIS 1H EXULAHB,
TBtt a political crisis in ringuuid is ap
proaching is eridcut to the observer of Eng
lish politics. It may he hastened by the
malady with which the Queen is afflicted,
Not long since, Mr. Disraeli declared that
saewas morally and physically incapacitated
for the discharge of official duties. Mr.
Btadkogh made the same statement in i
Whlic address. It would seem that there is
sssatgroaad, at least, for these assertions,
the tact that a regency is proposed and
us political circles.
The Prince of Wales is the heir apparent
Is the British crown; but he is immensely
Bmomdar; the populace hoot him as he
mMS taowgh wroaaslea by the hrnis of
ajakj. Sympathy and respect for the
Qaeeajdoaot shield aim from the insipii
tim vase at daily heaped upon him by the
Ma desire for a
a taeuaeea'a
asjsjsmma law ma
THE EftTHUNIANM I'OR IXUIUI.AHN.
The naming of Frederick Douglass for the
Assembly last Saturday evening took the
Convention by storm. His nomination was
ratified in a perfect tempest of applause. The
Convention would not listen to any further
proposition from anybody. Delegates con
gratulated each other upon the honor that
had thus been done Rochester, even though
Mr. Douglass should fail of an election,
which is hardly possible. We do not be
lieve there is a living man who on such'
short notice could command the strength at
the polls that our dis'inguished nominee for
the Assembly will to-morrow, lhe enthu
siasm seems to permeate all classes. The
best citizens of Rochester, some of whom
were about discouraged as to the naming of a
man who would be successful against the
money of the Lords, are aroused to the
grandest enthusiasm in favor of Mr.
Douglass election. 7Zre neiw teas a nom
ination made in better faith than this, and
should Mr. Douglass be elected, as he may
and we believe will be, h: will be in talent,
integrity and influence without a peer in the
New York legislature. No man's Repub
licanism is worth a farthing that says a word
against Frederick Douglass. Rochester,
X. 11, Express.
Fourteen years ago the editor of this a
ea was struck down and shot at by Bob
Miller and a mob of old BorderRuffians,
because he said that Frederick Douglass had
been entertained at the home of his honored
father, and that he fell honored in sitting by
the side o! Douglass at the home table.
Times have changed. In the last campaign
in Rochester, New Ycrk, Frederick Doug
lass was a candidate for the Legislature. The
Rochester Union, the oldest and ablest Dem
ocratic journal in western New4 York, says:
"Frederick Douglass, the distinguished col
ored man, was a candidate for nomination
before the lite Republican Convention in
this city. Mr. Douglass, as everybody
knows, is by far the ablest man of the Dis
trict, but it is his misfortune to have been
born with a slight! r colored skin." Pro
gress is the order of the day. Even Bob
Miller and his ruffian allies, we hope, have
changed for the better.
A PART) or IKTIaTISHEKAIL
KOAB Mt..
We have published the fact of the change
in the Directors of the Hannibal St.
Joseph Railroad Company. The new Di
rectors and others interested in the road and
its connecting lines, arrived at the Planters
House last night. They leave this morning
at 7 o'clock for the North. Among the
party we notice the names of Hon. A.
Boody, President of the Toledo, Wabash
Western Railway Hon. Wm. Kidd, Geo.
Cecil, A. M. White, and A. F. White, of
New York A. Stone, of Cleveland J. N.
Drummond,of Toledo; Gen. Anderson, Vice
President of the T. W. A W. R. R.
Mr. Boody is one of the mo-t jierev ering,
successful railway operators in the country.
He wa the pnjedor of the T. W. A.W.
railway enterprize, and to him that Com
pany is indebted for nine hundred luile of
what is now, and what is destined to be, the
most iinortant railroad enterprise in the
West.
Mr. Kidd has been largely inlirested in
railroad enterprises. Mr. Stone was cue of
he original builders of the Cleveland A.
Columbus Railroad.
The party Wtcd the residence of L. T.
Smith, E-q last evening.
We think the party can justly blame Mr.
Boody for not giving them more time in
Leavenworth. However, another vi-il U
promised us in the spring. It is hoped that
Leavenworth will reap some advantage from
the c'lange in the ownership of the Hannibal
St. Joseph Railroad; and vie think there
is no doubt but that new connecting lines
will lie built and running arrangements will
be made more satisfactory.
Messrs. Boody and Kidd were formerly
citizens of Rochester, N. Y., our former
home. To Mr. Boody, (who was at the time
President of the Lockport Branch of the N.
Y. Central, a road built by him,) we were
indebted for a railroad pass, in July, ISol,
when we first came to Kansas. At that time
there was ouly one log cabin in Lawrence, and
not a building where now stands this city of
25,000 inhabitants.
We think the entire party will regret that
they did not not take more time to see our
beautiful city and the Fort, and hoje they
will come again, as promised.
FKOMCALDWILL.
Brlvtwa-
Osaare C'lalaafa- Crp Tlaa-
wawr-swirisi aasereaia.
Eaeatlaa Trade Cattle
Osa
aer
Caldwell, Sumner Co., Nov. 5.
This place is located on the Texas cat
tle trail, and directly on the north boundary
line of the Indian Territory. It is pleasantly
situated on a fine stream of water which
abounds with fish of various kinds. Cald
well is the first town on the trail north o
Red River station in Texas, and on this ac
count derives the full benefit of the large and
profitable trade with the cattle drovers. Du
ring the drivingseason, now about at a close,
lour hundred and seventy-five thousand head
of Texas cattle have passed over the trail on
their way to the eastern markets. Every
day during the entire summer the great
droves passed through the town, giving it
i-uch an 'animated and busy appearance as
is seldom found in frontier towns. The
amount of goods disposed of in this trade
alone every season is very great. Coming
from a Stale whose money is comparatively
very plenty, the drover cares very little as
to the price he pays for his provisions, gro
ceries and other necessaries. Besides this
trade she Is supported by a fine agricultural
country on the north, and the trade from
several tribes of Indians in the Territory.
Not many months ago the number of settlers
in this county was very limited. To-day
nearly every quarter-section has a settler on
it, and is being improved and cultivated.
Such is the law governing the disposal of
these the 0ige Indian Reservation
lands, tlfat it is impossible for parties to
lay hold of large tracts for speculative pur
poses, f No person can obtain more than
1G0 acres from the Government. Any one
may lay claim to any quarter section belong
ing to the Government, and after making
certain improvements become its possessor
iion laying to the Government $1.25 per
acre. '1 his favorible provision has had a
very good effect, and has done more to settle
up this country than anything else. On this
account we find this country more settled and
improv ed than most of the State an hundred
miles nearer civilization, lhe soil through
out this county is a rich dark loam and is
very productive. This year the weather has
been very seasonable and the crops have been
very favorable. The yield of wheat and
other small grain has been good while the
yield of corn has been very large. Sod corn
yields thirt v and forty bushels to the acre and
many fields of cultivated corn will yield
eighty and ninety bushels to the acre. To
bacco and cotton may also be successfully
planted, while the vegetable yield is very
large. Timber is plentiful enough for pres
ent u-e. Many have come to the conclu-ion
that it is not necessary to have a large tract
of limber in the immediate vicinity of every
farm. Wire will no doubt be principally
used for fence, and coal of good quality may
be found near the surface on nearly every
qusrter section. A fine quality of water is
abundant and is obtained by sinking a shaft
four or live incites in diameter to the depth
ot ten or fifteen feet. Tubing is then insetted
and the co-t of the entire well is from ten to
twenty dollars.
Caldwell is continually improving and
enlarging. Although l.ut a few months
old, it hxs a good and profitable trade, exten
sive business houses and many neat and tasty
residences. It is the largest and most pros
ierous town in Sumner county and Ls destin
ed to become a pi ice of considerable impor
tance. Law and order are strictly enforced,
and very few scenes of violence occur. Al
though situated seventy-five miles from the
railroad, her public spirited citizens are fully
alive to their railroad interests, and are Con
fident that in a few months a line will be ex
tended to this ioini. The trail is the great
commercial highway of the Southwest. Ev
ery season many hundred tons of goods are
freighted over it to the various trading injints,
government forts and Indian agencies of the
Southeast. 'I hat the county north will be
come to thickly settled that the farmers will
not allow Texas cattle to be driven through.
Then to secure ibis important trade the rail
road nui-t come to the north line of the Ter
ritory. For these, and other reasons, the
people of Caldwell consider it certain that
they will secure a railroad. I.
TBA4HWT B VaaV aUKal
MtA
ae Mast aha mast Aataer Badly
From the Kansas Citf JoarniL
We learn from a man who was recently
engaged on the Memphis railroad, that at
the camp on the Blue, about eleven miles
sooth of this city, on last Monday night, a
difficulty arose between John Berney, who
keeps a boarding house for the employees at
the camp, and a man named English, who
has some teams engaged. English first shot
Berney in the head and face with a shot gun
loaded with bird shot, inflicting a painful,
though not dangerous wound. English then
turned upon another man named Luke Gaul
and struck him over the htad with the bar
rel of the gun. A physician was called,
and the wounds dressed; hoth are now doing
well and will soon recover. In consequence
of the difficulty and the circumstances at
tending it, a number of the hands employed
at that camp have quit work.
BEATVS NC'OtTTN.
AX OLD
.CENTION
SHAPE.
Ift A MEW
A scheme for reconciling the interests of
capital and labor, says a cotemporary, was
recently adopted by an extensive manufac
turing firm in New York. The system is
called "Industrial Partnership," and the
workmen are to receive ten per cent, of the
gross profits. The plan has not as yet been
long enot'gh on trial to yield more than ex
perimental result, but the head of the firm
is said to be very sanguine that in another
year he shall have thoroughly succeeded in
demon-lrarine its entire feasibility, and
proving it to be alike to the interest of em
plover and employed. The main principle
of the system is that every person employed
shall have a pecuniary interest in the sue
cess of the business and the profits to be
made, that interest being as far as itossihle
in proportion to the services rendered. A
similar plan has been adopted with some
uccess by a number of firms in England
one of which, after paying all th wages and
salaries, and providing for in
terest on the capitalists' outlay,
depreciation, renewals, bad debts, and all
other expenses incidental to the business, at
the end of the first year in which it was tried
shared a dividend of twelve per cent, among
the workmen, who had also received the
current wages of ibe district throughout
the year. John Stuirt Mill, we observe, in
a recent letter of advice to a Dublin me
chanic, gives the scheme his hearty approval.
The workmen in the New York firm under
the 'new arrange nent are said to be even
stricter disciplin-:ians tlian the employer.
A somewhat siu.iur system has also, we be
lieve, been for same lime in operation at the
Cambria Iron Works, in Pennsylvania, and
should this impression be correct, we should
be glad to learn from Hon. D.J. Morrell the
of iu molts; siace any plan which
paves the way for a more fraternal ideality
of interests between capital aad labor, aad a
closer aad more MacMsa relation
employers aad employed, it worth trying;
aad t-warkiags of tai
,fo kaataaryagnat
THE WORK BEFORE rOftRES.S.
Congress assembles on the fir-t Monday iu
next month. It will find on the
calendars of both Houses 759 bills,
Sjvs a cotemorary, which were
introduced at the brief spring session.
Of this numlier319 belong to the Senate, and
410 to the House. The former have all
b?en referred to the standing committees,
while the latter goes on the Speaker's tabl,
awaiting reference to committees when ap
pointed. Mo-t of these bilLs failed in the
Forty-first Congress, and are simply rein
troduced, and in in my cases are duplicates
of each other.
There are seven bills for the repeal ol the
income tax? which expires by limitation in
1872, and a dozen bills removing all the po
litical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment. There are ten or twelve bills
for legislation for the revival of American
ship-building, which proposes to grant sub
sidies and to lake oil' the duty on all articles
that enter into ship-building to construct
vessels that wilt suit the nierch int service in
time of peace, and the naval service in vrar,
ec.
It is stated that the President and Secre
tary of the Treasury, in their annual mes
sages, will makean earnest appeal to Con
gress for legislation to revive our ship
building interests
There are three bills to grant aid to Sub
mirine Cable companies between America
and Asia fifteen bills to giant subsidies of
land to railroads in California, Wyoming
Dtih, and other territories.
There is also a bill pending in each hou-e
to enable soldiers and their widows and or-
phms to acquire homesteads on the public
land', and, also, bills to provide for the ap
portionnient of representation under the
Ninth Census; to amend the civil rights bill;
to form a new State out of New Mexico; to
amend the bankrupt law; to reduce the rates
of correspondence by telegraph, and to con
nect the telegraph with the postal service; a
bill to more fully enforce the Fourteenth
Amendment; a bill to incorporate the .Xrial
Telegraph Companv; a bill to release sol
diers from the disability for desertion; to re
peal the tax on matches; to create the Terri
tory of Pembina: to promote commerce
between the States, and cheaie:i mail tr ns
portation; and to repeal the duty on salt and
coal.
S7I.J
FROM MANHATTAN.
Nov. S, 1S71.
Manhattan-, Kan,
Kiihr Txmtt:
The 7th of Nobeniber has passed, and the
votes are counted.
Although Junction City, having felt the
cruelty and deadening influence of bondage,
and by one grand patriotic blow, broken her
bands, had sent out a noble band of sacrific
ing, freedom-loving missionaries, with their
lives in their hands, and their fortunes in
pockets we suppose to enlighten the west
ern part of our country, preaching deliver
ance to freemen threatened with bondage,
our people still seemed lo know their duty,
and see their chances of the hour, and there
fore voted as their interests dictated
M"bttn City has given 517 majority for
the bonds. In some precincts there will be
quite a majority against the bonis; but, on
the whole, the i ounty with Ogdcn will be
about eqoall v divided so the major;! v lor the
hoods will be from 400 to 500.
Threats by parties to go to law on the sub
ject (if the bonds should be voted) will, no
doubt, fall dead where born.
The aid of $200,000 in Riley county bonds,
lor building our raiiroaas, is inerelore as
sured, and the Kansas Central will have her
aaare. Army, a. tr.
Latek: Farther news from the election
is that while Manhattan gave but 12 against
av Ziaansif townsnipeave l against,
ami 68 for the beads; Ogdea 134 for
ii' Although not all
the majority
aataawaeMswatr wiB he Mir
Itaaaaa aBaaialUB2Jaaaaa-
bO a. m -a TZ
-u mmMmmm mttaa JUata I rml Oav
tiov. Bullock Htatement.
A New York sjieciul of the first to the St.
Louis Vemucmt says:
Several of the morning iaiers willpublish
to-morrow, a statement from Governor Bul
lock. The following is the principal por
tion:
I.xecltivb Department,
siaic oi ueorgia,
Atlanta, Ua., Oct. 31, 13
To iiiy l'olitical friends an J the 1'uMic-
1 have this day received informauon, the
truth of which cannot be doubted, that the
(olitical con-piratorswhosetk the overthrow
not onlv of the reconstructed government of
Georgia, but the United States, have secured
the pledges of a sufficient number of the in
coming memliers of the lower house of the
General Assembly to vote without previous
investigation, for articles of impeachment
against me, immediately after their assem
bling anU organization on Wednesday, Nov.,
1st, and that having adopted such articles in
the Ilouse, a sufficient number of Republi
can Senators v. ill Iw unseated by the majori
ty to secure a two-thirds vote for a convic
tion. Also, that the Judge of the Supreme
Court, who has continuously atttd with these
partis, has inlormcd his friends that he has
been selected to preside, during the trial,
over the Senate, while the Senator represent
ing the Tooml-s District isjto be elected
President of the Senate, and immediately
.iiinoumu hiiuseltas Governor, pending the
trial liefore the Senate and during the unex
pired part of my term.
Under this state of facts I have decided to
resign the office of Governor into the hands
of Hon. Benjamin Conley, now President of
the Senate, and thereby defeat this nefarious
scheme of these polittcal conspirators By
this course I shall protect my political
iriends in the Senate from the expulsion
that had been proclaimed in order to secure
my iniieachment, ami at the same time save
lhe State from the disasters that would be
sure to follow in the wake of success on the
part ol unpardoned and unrepentent rebel
leaders, who, though comparatively few in
numbers, move the masses by the irreslstiole
process of sectional hate and social prosecu
tion.
I have maintained my official position
against the assaults of these people upon the
cau-e of equal rights and a Republican gov
ernment just as long as it was possible for me
to be of service. Now, for the purposa of
again defeating this latest onslaught I have
resigned my olhce into the hands of Hon.
Benjamin Conly, who, under thu constitu
tion, by reason of being now president of the
Senate, becomes governor during the unex
pi red part ot ray term, or until a successor
isfelected by the jeople.
No charge has yet been brought against
him, liecause he has not heretofore been sup
Ph(1 to tie an obstacle. If assaults are now
made upon him, the country will understand
the purpose for which they are made.
Six months ago, in Georgia, the mass of
the people were acquiescing in the results of
the war, and willing to accept the results as
being finalities, but under the public teach
ing of certain old leaders, the whole situa
tion is changed, and leading gentlemen even
in the Democratic party who dared to speak
in favor of acquiescence and peace h&ve
been assailed and denounced, and the iieo-
pie intimidated that they dire not follow
their advice.
I am now fully satisfied that these men
propose to control the government and re
verse the political results of the few years
just, by peaceful means if they can, and by
foul means if thay dare. Failing in this,
another attempt at sewaration will be made.
If evidence of this were wanting, we need
but point to the public and private utter
ances of those who were foremost in seces
sion and rebellion, and still maintain that
they were right, and denounce and ignore
the fundrmental constitution of the United
States.
Hw the Bill susHMt-Urm. Ntoltes
C'asiretiai wltai the rratnf W hat
Say or the Halter.
The Washington correspondent of the New
York Tribune gives the following account of
Captain Beaty's Independent Scouts and the
fraud perpetrated for their relief.
On the 14lh of January, 1SC7, Mr. Stokes
introduced in the House of Representatives,
a bill "for the relief of Captain David Beaty's
companv of independent tcout which was,
in preamble terms and provisions almost
identical with the act finally approved more
than three years after, and under which the
frauds have been perpetrated. Having been
read twice the bill was referred to the Com
mittee on Military Affairs, from which Gen.
Oilman Marston, of New Hampshire, report
ed it, February 0, when it was read and
ordered engrossed. Mr. LeBIond, a Demo
cratic member from Ohio, inquired of Gen
eral Marston whether Captain Beaty's
scouts were a regular organized compiny un
der the laws of the United States, or merely
an organized guerilla party to which Mr.
Marston replied that, though not regularlv-
mustered in, Captain Beaty raised his com
pany under the authority of the military
commander in Tennessee, in January, 18G2,
and was iu continuous service until June,
1805. Mr. LeBIond again asked whether he
acted in a military organization, under
proper officers, and General Marston re
sponded, I have here letters ot Generals
Thomas and Burnside, under whom he
acted, recommending the bill.
On the 7th of February, 18G7, the bill was
referred to the Senate Committee on Mili
tary Affairs, of which Senator Wilson xrn,
and is, chairman, and on tne same day tne
case went from the committee -to the War
Department for investigation. The Secre
tary of War, Mr. Stanton, indorsed un the
article that, in the absence of any request
to raise the force, of authority.to employ il,
of any record o- return showing its services
and the fact that the papers presented show
ed that the members of the force did not
consider themselves in the military service,
a favorable recommendation on the claim
could not be made bv the War Deiiartment.
This satisfied Mr. Wilson, and a week later
he asked that his committee be discharged
Ironi further consideration of the bill, a re
quest which the Senate granted.
Captain Beaty and his indeiendent scouts
did not recover from their repulse until the
29th of April, 1870, when their bill wasagain
introduced into the House by Mr. Maynard,
of Tennessee, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. On the 5th of May .Mr.
Cobb rejiorted it with amendments, provid
ing thai there should lie filed in the War
Department a roll of said company, which
should be sworn to by Captain Beaty and
his lieutenants, and that each soldier on ap
plying for payment under the act should be
rramirf! ff tnnL ruth its tn 1ii IffHrtli nf lii
..J ...V W
service. Without inquiry or discuinn the
bill was passed, and ent the same day to the
Senate, where it was referred, as before.to the
Committee on Military Affairs. Nothing
more was heard of it until July 14, the 1-M
day but one of the session, when Senator
Fowler, of Tennessee, asked unanimous con.
sent to take up Hi use bill 1,S'J9, saying it
would only take a minute to di-qae of it.
He was as good as his won), ai.d the Senate
enacted the bill at once, without amendment,
and before niht it bore the signature of tl c
President.
Two or three days later the Beatv scouts.
General Stokes commanding, laid siege to
the War Department. The War Depart
ment was occupied from July H, loiU, to
November 12 of the same year, in collecting
the rolls and the evidence in their support,
which, meeting the requirements of the law.
were accepted by the Deiiartment and duly
transmitted by it to the Second Auditor's
ortice. On the Is th of April, JS1, com
plaints having been made to the Department
of injustice and irregularities inthe payments
of Beaty's veterans, Secretary ltelknap di
rected General Halleck, then commanding
the division of the South, to cati-c lhe com
plaints to be thoroughaly investigated. Hal
leck olnjed orders, and on the lSth of Sep
tember the Secretary placed the whole matter
before the Secretary of the Treasury, with a
view to still further proceedings by the De
partment of Jii-tice.
The liositioii of ex-Conr-man Stokes,
the most prominent, and, as he ami his
friends claim, the mast im.oeeni of all the
suspected parlies in the transaction, is truly
pitiable. An old man of almost three score,
lie is now arrested for the first time in bis
life, and "I tell you, sir," sajsl.e, with tears
coursing down bis tluiks, "it has unhorsed
me." lie tells his story to all vvhowill hear
it with the same frankness and apparent hon
esty that he told it in his own Slate, and
while he does nut denj the existence of fraud,
and admits the leceipt of $10,000 for his ser
vice and sufferings in the nutter, he asserts
his innocence of guilt and ignorance of crime
most earnestly.
During the first vWt Mr.Stokes receivtd
a sun stroke, from the efficls of which he i
in peril of death for eleven weeks. During
the second viit the rolls were passed through
the War and Treasure D.-iiartments, all ex
cept those for Captain Beaty and his toi s
being delivered to the agents who h ft for
Tennessee to pay off the men. Stokes him
self drew tl e mrney tor the Captain and his
sons, about 0,000, "and thiy voluntaril and
wi'hout previous promise, came to nis moms
and presented ciui vviih 2,500 for his Uluris
on their behalf. In March, 1871, the agents
baring just drawn their final instalment of
$00,000 from the Paj master General, pre
sented Stoke, with $5,000, and not long after
having paid the last of the claims in Ten
nessee, they gave him $2,VX) more, saving
that they were able to do :t; tint act'ng on
his advice, they had bought most of the
claims at a low ficure. and had made i good
thing of it. Stokes insists that during all of
these transactions tie supiioeed lie was re
ceiving the monev only and simply for his
labors in the Department, after the bill had
iassed, as indemnity lor lus sickness and ex
pense incurred by his trip to Washington
during the Mimmer, and in repayment of
money advanced to Beaty and his followers.
ttdiniMsls,ccthatieTttal orgaatawia-
wrubletotheordiaaryactioa of BMdtcines.
Experience shows that opium astringents,
and alchouol lie inert in the collapsed stom
ach, though these are the ordinary remedies
for pain, looseness and debility. It is also
my exwri.nce that the free use of these reni-ed-esal
this stage causes death by preventing-reaction,
or bv causing local complica
tions should reaction apiear.
"i Here is another cause of death which is
not generally understood, but which is not
in the power ol all sufiercrs or attendents on
the sick to check or prevent. I allude to the
extreme danger of assuming the erect pos
ture, or even of silting up in bed, during the
collapse, or earlier stage of the reaction. I
have seen myself, and I hive heard of many
cases where lata syncope instantly followed
sitting up in bed or rising to go to stool."
a-sssaammaaamamammaaamaaaa.-.
vjacsaaJiWAVJI. I
Help Nllll Crtreatljr Ktsslrrf.
The The Chicago Tribune of the Sd inst
ment ons a letter of a country clergyman
whose parishioners had remonstrated about
his efoits fur the re ief of Chicago on these
.rounds
That 1 he whole world ha combined to send
money to Chicago to the amount of many
mill or.s; tint some of it isspent in buildim?
housis, aUwt the ownership and rental of
whn ii noiKxIy knows except those who build
them; that v-M stores of provision and cloth
ing have znt I n tent to Chicago, but how
IhtT are i!isjKedof, or whether they rre used
to rci eve the stillcrers bv the fire, th world
dixsmt Know, ind, ther.fore, the world,
including lhe urish alore aid, had b tter
stop a ,y flintier contributions; that, finally,
shiewd Mispiiions are aroused that a Fire
liing h is Ucn established, which is doing a
large and profitable business on its own ac
count, bit with money and goods, while
the destitute, for whom all this generous aid
was gi- en. sre iefi unprovided for.
The Tribune lets .nh, in reply, the fol
1 .wiiii sadly exact state of the case:
The ictual money subscribed in all pirts
of the world amounts, so laras is known, to
almut So.OO-J.OOO. Of this um the relief
CiMiuiiie- has receive) about one-h ilf, or,
siy, S1,50(),C00. With this million and a
hilt of money thiy have carried on the work
ol housing, feeding and clothing from thirty
tin tisaiid o o.-.y thou a"nd people since the
irth o Oriubtr, -lided by the cntributioas of
provisions u ml gvns, which lre al-o been
mide.Biil for much of this work, money,
and money only, is ind spensable. Lumber,
loves, furniture, crockery, flour, beef, ork,
siigir, coffee, lea, hlmkets, mattresses, coal,
nl various other articles absolutelv
n-cessary to the comfort anil
health of this army of destitute people have
10 oe purcnaseu wun me ready cash. Take,
for example, the one article of stoves, with
out which the people would perish. Two or
three hundred were given, which would
warm and cook for less than 2,000 of the
30,000 or 40,000 in want. There was noth
ing to do but lo buy, and buy with ready
murey, and of the kinds and size of stoves
wanted there are not enough to be hid from
the seaboard to lhe Mississippi. They have
all been bought up by the Committee ard
given away at a cost to the fund of more than
5100,000. Of mattrasses, the Committee,
lorseeing the coming necessity, ordered them
from everywhere in the States and in Canada
w here they could learn that such articles
were manufactured. Orders went farward
to St. Loui, Louisville, Indianaiolis, Cin
cinnati, Detroit, Buffalo, .ind Montreal, and
they were gathered by thousands from all
these toiiits. In additio i to iIih, the- Com
mittee Ins set to work every establishment in
Cliicyo, and from 500 to 400 mattrcs-i-. are
turned out l.y tliim daily. And yet the de
inind both for stoves and mattrasses cannot
le met. But, of course, all this business has
lo tie 'lone with cash in hind. So too. of
lion. es. Uetueen 3,000 and 1,000 have been
given away given away ab-ohitely to the
reiipUnl unless he elects to piy for it -and
full 5,000 .ire pnuiied, while'barracks have
bten puUip which shelter 1,000 fimilies, or,
at least, 5,000 crons. In every hou-e and
in every fmiily loom in tl.e barraiU is nut
a stove and a mattrass, and geiurallv more
arwui or Ka-KIax Uweljr Caateat.
Wasuin-qtox, Not. 9. The Treasury
Department has commenced preparations
for the estimate for the next fiscal year.
A letter from Spartansburg, South Caro
lina, says that on last Friday night a squad
of cavalry rode in the direction of Limestone
springs ana returned with eleven Ku-Klux
prisoners, xhxa tar, all who could give
good bonds have been admitted to bail, and
iremaktog preparations for their trial.
there is a lively contest for the vacant
office in PhUidelphia, occasioned by the
death of Lnited States Marshal Gregory.
The Transfer Collector, Sickles, of the
Fourth District, uto be the Pension agent
in place of Forbes. n.l ih r
the Mayor elect, Shockley, of the Assessor-
Vr, rv"1: ono msinct, A numberof
xniiaueipiua politicians have arrive.! to
urgethe claims of their respective favorite,
but the President has taken no action in the
matter.
CHICAGO.
WlSIII
"us'riv-tnMn, mt Hiaai,.
Chicago V. o r-..i.n
Mn. ,ii "'mkuiu s majority tor
l:"-" "ii and Uevcrtdges for Con
gressman at large 2.402
of th7W.'nga3 tb lootive, Wheeler,
.iiMrj:.r:r.re ,ne aictieiian
open.
into tb- river. There wm tZL?
1...... ...s (ICIIVUS
"UliaUl Ijer. .I rlarlr In
Hale t ralattasra.
New Haven, Conn., Not. 9. The Jar
is collection of Italian paintings was Ji
by auction. It iwv.VTi.. ifv.i.
i lege for s22,000.
The Haraet Sanall-Pos.
Washington, Nov. 10. All members
of the Cabinet were present at the meetin
to-day, whichcontinued nearly four hour?
A larger portion of the meeting was occu
pied on tl.e results, so far, of the Civil Ser
vice Commission, which were explained bv
Mr. Curtis, a member of the Board.
This Government and the Spanish au
thorities have not yet arrived at an agree
ment 1-j.ecting the Hornet, now at Port
au Pruve, menaced by Spanish vessels.
A correspondence is iu progress between
the Secretary of State and Minister Roberts,
the fori'ier protesting against the design to
cwei, wnicii is under the American
appears from Georgia papers that much
alarm pr. vails under the apprehension that
the President will declare martial law in that
State. Such is not his design, there being
nothing in the present condition of Georgia
to warrant such a measure.
Prominent sentlemen here attrilmt th
spread of small-pox in Philadelphia and
oiner cities, to the sale of buffalo robes
there, taken from the Blackfeet and Piegan
camps, where the disease prevailed two years
ago. At that time they were forbidden to be
sold to sutlers, but several months ago they
disappeared from those neighborhoods and
found their way elsewhere.
NEW YORK.
ANIATI V CHOLERA.
Iron Boats far Western Klverm.
The St. Louis Democrat says:
The entire river marine of the Mississippi
basin needs reconstruction, from M. Paul,
Omaha and Pittsburg to the Gulf. Iron
steamers and barges should take the place of
the wooden ones now afloat, thus as good as
adding two feet of permanent depth to our
river, for on four feet of water one of these
iron bulls will carry tne una now requiring
six feet of water in a wooden one. We are
glad to be able to report that a movement is
now in progress for the establishment of a
great ship yard somewhere on the western
rivers, to be subsidized by the government,
for the purpose of making iron boats and
barges.
Labor and capital came into curious re
lations at a great dinner which the railway
directors of Germany recently gave them
selves at Berlin. During the feast the waiter
got prematurely uruna ana ouensivc. a
railroad magnate, accustomed to rule, vio
lently remonstrated wun one oi tne worst
oBeaders, aad the latter aaswered by aterri-
imteooxon laeuurcwr mr. msrim
was aot to be Rome; the whole company rose
likeeae ataa.crnar far Tangesacf, walk
the iililMiaa waJteat Uak their collsagas's
narLaad the
An Important ouimuniratlon from
nn Lxperlrnrttl Authority.
Dr. John Murray, the insiector general of
Indian hospitals, and au authority on the
subject of cholera, has communicated to one
of the English journals an important paper
on this disease, from which we extract the
following:
"It is our duty to assist nature and to re
lieve lain. In thestageofwiafai.se (the fir-t
symptoms) the Kion is thrown oti without
anv violent or prominent svmptons bv the
natural functions of the sjstem. Our task
here Is to support the strength, avoid indi
gestible food and depressing causes. The
only medicine that I have found Lscful in
this stage, is a little quinine every day. The
subsequent indications of the treatment are to
remove the abnormal symptoms as thev a
pear, of which the most early Is diarrh.ea.
The first indication is to check this, and re
store the case to the stage of malaise; then
remove the cause, and restore the natural
secretions. Irritating or indigo-table food is
the most frequent cause of diarrbiea; and
should this not previously have been dis
charged in the evacuations it should be re
moved, and a recurrence of the looseness
guarded against, as 1 have always found it
the most powerful exciling cause of collapse.
I have found tins be t carried out by a com
bination of opium with carminati Vines, in
the form of a cholera pill composed of one
JJrain of opium, twoi f black pepper and three
of assafa-tida. It apiears to check the loose
ness and stimulate the secretions. This pill
does no harm if needlessly administered. It
should be repeated should the looseness con
tinue. It will cure most cases, and in all
restrain the svmptoms until regular medical
aduice can be procured. '1 his is a most im
portant point in tne use ot this simple rem
edy. It mav be distributed to every hotu-
and be available in a few minutes, whereae
the delay of a few hours may allow the dis
ease to advance beyond control. 1 know no
better remedy for this s-ag. These pills
have been distributed in tens of thousands in
the towns aad villages of India with most
satisfactory results. Some surgeons preer
red to black pepper, and others add camphor
to the opium aad assafcetida, and report
favotabry of tee combination. They are dis
triaatad ia the aawwnrieiaad are placed a
the heads of lhe police ia India lathis
unailii similar anaagemeato might be
than one. ahead'tead and troiUrv These
liou-es and liarracks ar built with ready
nnne, their furnishing crisis rady
inoiuy, and with the most rigid economy
aided bv lhe tact lint the commit
tee bought up .it the price of a month ago all
thclmnlitr that they could lay their hands
on the co-t of this indi-j.eiHil.Ie shelter
cannot be provid.d foral leys tlim il.000,
000. Then comes fins!, of whir h the staple
anicies, noitvunsiaiiuiiigiiie generous dona
tions, have to be purchased, and for which
the daily outlay Is thousands of dollars. An
immtnsc number has still to be fol, though
it decreases daily, as the honest get lo wurk
for tl. em-elves and the dishonest are r tit ofl
as the sv-tem for their detection and lhe
judicious distribution of food becomes daily
mnieK.rfett and accurate. At the outset
there was inevitably some waste in the dis
tribution of both food ard cloth in" for all
applicants were reliever!, that none might go
hungry or naked, and there was neither the
time nor the force at hand to examine into
every case. But whatever waste there was,
be it observed, was on the side of money
and yet, now that the inevitable waste is
stopiied, and the abuses which nro-e. not on
the side of distribution, but on the side nf
reception of bounty which we think an
itUKrtant distinction the daily outlay of
money lor food, for some sorts of clothing,
siirh as blankets, boots and shoes, and for
handling this enormous business, is very
great. It is very safe to say, and every man
of ordinary reflection, we think, must see
that it must be so, that the Relief Committee
must be already looking with a good deal o.
anxiety at the bottom of their uil of three
million dollars, already so largely diminish
ed in thirty days, and asking themselves
"What of lhe night when we have as yet
got only to the edge of cold weather, and
tin re .ire five months ot winter yet to come,
with its jienury, its hunger, i s storms,
its (nforced idleness, and its despair.
Anil is all this answer enough to all the
cavils and questionings of doubters and.
grumblers, whether in town or out? lhe
injur are fe I and cb ihed daily nobody can
doubt it, the poor and hungry least of all.
They are being housed as rapidly as human
industry and activity can bring it about as
every body with eyes can see. These things
cannot be done without money; of money
there was only about $l,500,0C0on hand, and
that is where it has gone and is going to.
Had it not been for lhe voluntary contribu
tions of food and clothing in kind, not a dol
lar of it by this time would have been left;
and the result would have been the same
had not the work fallen into the hands of an
-organized association, accustomed, though
on a smaller scale, to work of this sort, and
managed by men who, if character and posi
tion can ever count for anything, have
at stake all that they are and all that they
posse's for a conscientious, and just, and wise
discbarge of the duties devolved upon them.
If we may ever assume anything about hu
man conduct, we may assume that these een
tlemen would not, even if they could, do
any.hing but precisely the right thing in the
enormous responsibility resting upon them;
and looking at it from merely a busintas
point of view, it is plain as it ever can be in
human affairs that they could not, even if
they would, carry on tne work in their hand
with the means at their command, except
with the most rigid economy and the exer
cise of unusual ability.
Arrest of a Deaperate Nwindler In
UrNniteljr PtMipoaed FroeerdiuK
Iu be Commence!.
Ntvv York, Nov. 0. Theodore B. Baun
son, leader of a gang of bounty and back pay
claims forgers, was arrested here last evening.
He states that he manipulated a forged
claim on the Government amounting to
$400,000. His headquarters have lately
been at Chicago.
The Sun states that the building of the
laduct Railway, one of the Tammany jobs.
is inuennueiy postponed.
Gen. Barlow, the newly elected Attorney
General of the State, says criminal proceed
ings will re immediately commenced jgainst
every one implicated in" tl'e city frauds. He
saysfurther, wecan now easily rid ourselves
of all corrupt officials. The Mayor, the
Commissioners, the dill-r.'nt Municipal
Bureaus, the Judges ol the City Interior
Ceurts and Jiulges of higher Courls will be
reached by impeachment. A new city char
ter will be framed ai.d a n-w election "will be
ordered.
Deputy Comptroller Grein states that the
result of the election has already been felt
in the improved price of city U'mls. and he
now has no trouble in raising any aiiKiunt of
money.
It isstated thatSigel will inil-e O'Umo
van Rossa Deputy Regi-ttr.
A Columbia, Soith Carolina, di-qnlih to
the Herald states tint several -irrtsis luve
been iu ideal Union Court linu-e, by tl.e U.
S Marshal, ami more are Iieing made. The
dispatch further savs the feeling is very hit
ter, and if llHxl-did tn-ues n i",,,; W
sin prising,
A meeting of the Republican Committee
and Republican candidates ol Bro klvn, wis
held this morning. Therewas a 1 "lrge at
tendince. After -everal sj.ee, he-, in which
it was asserted that there was evidence of a
conclusive nature to prove glaring frauds by
llie inspectors mil poll canva-sers, ,y v.Iiah
several candidates were counted in, a com
mittee was chosen to bring lhe matter pii
etlyjiefure the public, the court ami the
Legislature. Mayor Kalbtleish was present
and acted in sympathy with the meeting.
2eSsJ3B
pnrcipiiaicu
the locomotive.
.t i,
Sf E."? AS.en, wa. killed.
IX. engineer, was severely hurt
and Charles Pace, the firVnun Tug.'
Charge or Jndae William.
Chicaoo, .Nov. 9. The ;rn.t r.
the November term of Criminal Court wa
impanneled this morning and received the
charge of Judge Williams. In his charge the
Judge touches upon the killing of Colonel
Grosvenor, and refers to the letters published
and purpotiug to come from Gov. Palmer
in relation 'to the iudictment of Lieut. Gen.
Sheridan, Mayor Mason aud others. e
says they should find no bill against any
party except on the infoimation o! two .if
their number who have a personal knowledge
of the facts. Neither the Prosecuting At
torney nor the Court has a right to instruct
as to whom you should indict. It would lie
dangerous to private rights and an invasion
of your iireromtiv.s. xr .i,:., i j
advise you whom you should indict, and if
this ourt may not uo it, far less may anv
person who does n.
official relations. Should any 'one not of
juur uuuy seek, lo influence you by
whether written, printed or verbal' commu-
mcauous io any oi you. ou will inform
the courts such fact, that the offenders may
be arrested and dealt with for contemp:
you permit your
selves lo be anected by any communications
priuted or to be printed, or any editorials)
written or to be written, for any" paper pub
lished here or elsewhere, and more particu
larly ought I to warn you sgainst being in
fluenced by certain letters published in some,
if not all o the papers of this citv, purport
ing to have been written bv the Executive of
this State to the Attorney" Genera), and to
the District Attorney of this circuit, advis
ing the indictment of certain rons named
therein, puijHjrting to be letters of the
Governor, and having been extensively cir
culated. Your respect for our honored
Chief Magistrate (lersoually and for his
official position might lead you to attach to
them great weight, but they" I.uId not ex
ert any influence upon you whatever. The
irixecuiing Attorney of this court infornn
me that be knew nothim? of the Mi.t ui.l i..
be addressed to him until he saw it published
in the city jujiers. If it was written by the
tiovernorit was only a private letter to the
uistnci Attorney, and should have been in
his hands before it wxs given iu the papers.
It would lie inconsistent with the hiirh reim-
tation of our chief magistrate for integrity
and legal learning to suppose that hedesigneil
those letters to be published in order lo influ
ence you as a grand jurj. The lrssibilitv
that s-ich would Tie the eflert would lie siilh
ci nt to deter him from giving thtm to the
public. You ought not to assume that the
respected chief magi-irate of this State would
do aii act highly indecorous ami iuipror in
any individual, and above all, who-e duties
are not judicial.
The following correspondence Mwttn
Gov. Palmer. Mavor Mason and I.tGei..
Sheridan is published this afternoon:
FRAMCE-
1-.kis.Not. t. A terrible explosion oc
curred in a coal mine near Sc Etienne, while
the gangs were at work. None of the men
have been recovered alive, and twenty-tw.,
bodies h?ve been taksn out. aad thirty n,
fare .lamp.
In the general council of Kura yesterdar
-Minister Poneyer Quertier said that TnierV
who had been oppose.! to making military
service obligatory, was beginning to yield be
fore the necessity of audi measures to brine
thearmy up to the proper standard or mili
tary efhcienw. The general councils of de
partments are considering the subject of com
pulsory education, and several have alrea.lv
adopte.'. a system. Many hare declared iu
favor and there is good reason to believe
that all will eventually accept and carry it
into practical operation.
QERMAJCT.
Buii-ix, Nov. 10. The ceremony of ua-
S.-S. suu.e oi me poet SSchilJer, was
observe.! t.wlay in tl e presence of the Em
ror,tlietro,vnlW, Prince Frederick
than., and M'Wimezel, President of
Reichstag The crowd present at the cere
mony was large and to the hst degree en
thusiastic. The Not th German Gazette says in its
editorial columns to-day. that the Caninu
changes, just effected at Vienna, will in nc
resiwct edict the relations between tint
Court and the Court ol Berlin.
AUSTRIA.
Vii-nxv, Nov. 10. The Emperor has
addressed a highly complimentary letCer to
Count on Beust, thanking him warmly for
his services, and appointing kim a life mem
Iierot .he upper chamber of the Reichstag
AHEWIK'HI.Ve WITCH.
An
I'npnhlUhrsI fi
3f
pier la
Early
Stvtkoi. Illinois. KxECinrr oyrn n,
si.tilKfield, (Ktober 10, loTl
Cot- R. B. Ma-ox Deir Sir Col. I).
IL Dilger, Gtr.enl, Ktc., will leave here
this evening with i cornpim- of niilitii .ind
1,000 muskets. Hewill.ifso, .iltirnjuirting
to you, organize tor the pr.serv itii.u
of vour citv. tolon.l Iilger is an
old soldier his erved under myetcon the
field, and will pre-trve order at all hazards.
He has orders to infcrreliw, and he Ins
uiiisl.tts enough to do it iflutivclv.
Kesjier lively,
JiiltV.M. Pi.mi:.
iMKji.sEviE.vr (in.Ex. siiti.mt.v.
I Kler Col. DikI'c to you. If, in vour
opinii il the in. n ire not wanttd, please" or
der their return. R. 1!. M vsov.
Mavor.
Twor.l will mil Kevlgu Sen Is li, be
l.inlrslrsl.
Nf.vv Yokk, Nov. !.-Twfol has not
resigned, and will not. He was at his ollire
this afternoon, and w.ls called upon by many
friends. He will .take a eat in the Senate
on the opening d ly. O'Donovan Rossa w ill,
however, couUst the seat on the ground ol
illegal voting aud false canvass, to i rove
wnicu lie is said to nave plenty -t witnesses.
McMahon, Reformer, will contest lilair's
seat in tne Assembly, and Kilean will contest
Frear's.
Tweed, it is said to-Jay, will I ready with
a reply to Judge Barnard's warrant, when
the twenty days are up.
It is rumored this afternoon tliat Major
nail intends to resign before the organiza
tion of the new municiial boards.
I OI'V or THE Tl I H1ICA.VI.
Sl-KMM.HH.il, Oct. 11. 1J71.
TaIJe.it l.pu. 1. s.rl,iJni fliirnio
lIeae inform me of the uiiiiiUr of
trixips iinlinil into Chicago by you on ac
count nf the tire, and what are now on du
ty in tlier ily Thinks for your promtne-s.
John M. 1'vi.mlk.
Traiellaa- for IIealth-ien. fthermnn.
New York, Nov. 9. John II. Keyser
is believed to lie traveling in Florida "and
the Cirolinas for his health. His partner
savs that a little property was bought by
Keyser in South Carolina for the purpose of
erecting a hospital for the benefit of North
ern invalids.
General Sherman will be here next Sat
urday to take passage on the frigate Wa
bash. The general term of the Sunreme Court
has reversed the judgment giving Capiam
S imuels $5,000 for alleged lilsjl by the
Evening Post.
All of the firemen injured by the Tenth
avenue disaster will recover.
llK..ljCU;TM:S.MlllT.kY I)llsll IssuCKI.
Cm. No. II l71
Cur John VI. Taluier, b.nntiel.l
Scvin companies of U. S. troops are here
or coming, and a regiment is being organ-
iu oi om soiuicrs lor twenty nys' ser
vice, which I think will lie ample. I will
keep vour volunteers for a day or two.
Thanks (or them. P. I!. Sh'hhua.v.
High Katrr liuiirnnrr.
Chicago, Nov, 10. Under the inthienrv
of the high rates of insurance put ujiun the
grab warehouses of this city, the proprietors
bave determined to each purchase a steam
fire engine for its own use. The whole num
ber is to be called out should there be a ne
cessity for it. Each warehouse is also to
have a steam pump connected with the pipes
leading through the building, to lie used on
like occasions. In this way the warehouses
will be abl- to lake care of themselves more
effectually than in any other way. Under
these circumstances the proprietors will not
lie at the necessity of takinir out insurance
on their warehouses or their contents.
The Ikxiit tsrlwrrn uov. Palmer.Xajror
flflw anu nneriuan.
Wife, Mlatreaa, tasty.
Who marries for love takes a wife, who
marries for fortune takes a mistress, who
marries for position takes a lady. You are
loved by your wife, regarded by your mis
tress, tolerated by your lady. You have a
wife for yourself, a mistress for your house
and friends, a lady lor the world and society.
Your wife will agree with you, your mistress
will rule you, your lady will manage you.
Your wife will take care of your household,
your mistress of your house, your lady of ap
pearances. If v ou are sick your wife nurses
you, your mistress will visit you, your lady
will impure after your health. You take a
walk with your wife, a ride with your mis
tress, and go to a party with your lady.
Your wife will share your grief, your mis
tress your money, your lady your debts. If
you are dead your wife will weep, your mis
tress lament, your laoy wear mourning.
The Christian.
The Philadelphia TeUarank. sneakinc
of the situation in New Y'ork, says: "New
York abounds with illustrations of the prov
erb that 'though the mil! of the gods grind
slowly, they grind exceeding fine" The arm
of justice, which but a few short months ago
seemed paralyzed, has suddenly been "endued
with electric rapidity and overwhelming
force. A plundered people have recovered,
as if by magic, the power to shield them
selves from wrong. Their eyes have been
opened to the rotteaneaaof blind partisan
domination with miraculoua rapidity and
completeness, aad from what was lately the
central core of political corruption on this
continent, a wholesome and purifying inffu
ence ia now being radiated over the whole
country."
Thar
Arrest orPromlnent tllizen Proof
or Fraud -Trfspanwri.
New York, Nov. 10. A Havana letter
reports the arre-t of forty prominent citizens
hitherto supjiostd to have been loyal, for al
leged svuipathy with the insurgents, and
their transiortation to the Isle of Pines.
Some of the employes of the Fire Depart
ment were discharged for voting the Reform
ticket.
Gen. Sigel. in a card thanking his suit
porters, requests that proofs of fraudulent
voting be seut to him with a view of punish
ment lor tne guilty.
The Sheriff, James Irving, was up before
U. 8. Judge Woodroff this morning and a
postponement granted until the 13th. Before
that ime, however, living was indicted by
the Grand Jury, thus terminating the habeas
corpus proceedings. Bail in $100,000 will
probably be required. His sympathizing
roughs are indignant.
The Mnntauk Indians, have been decided
by the Supreme Court, to lie trespassers on
the lands occupied by them on Long Island
for many years. Thousands of acres have
thus come into the hands of speculating
whites.
analantt Hlatarw.
From the New York SuoJay World. f
Notwithstanding the best efforts of t!u
New England private publishing aissociations
biographical, genealogical and antiquarian
societies, to print everything they can fiud
concerning the early history of their section
of the country, very many important docu
ments elude their search. It was the good
fortune of the writer to discover in New Hf
veil, an ancient musty manuscript, giving
WU..IU annum or i lie iriai ana execution
for witchcraft ol a oiin woman named Pa
tience Delight. 'I his document is more cu
rioiLs because old women are
usiLilly summoned for that offense.
I am of the impression that this
case is the only one on record describing the
conviction of a handsome girl as the pris
oner evidently was.
The manuscript commences: "A trew ac
count of the triall of Pttience Delight, spin
ster, .1 uighter of Called-to-Grace Delight,
and Afltition his wife, May "M, 1692. Thin
Iieing the day sett apart for the triall of that
atroc.uns leaguer with Satham, I luck Broth
er Condemned Fi-h and Reverend Remember-Lot's
Wife Parkeuson to sit with m in
judgment, we Wing thereto specially com-
mi-Mned. Opened the court in the meet'n
house with prayr. The priVner was brought
hi niicKiy vane.1, to in.il aathan might not
prevail iiK)ii the court thro' her devilish
eve, and her arms straitly chained."
I he ii-u tl formalities having been gone
through with, there was read the affidavit of
a miii named Havery, who seems to hav.
Iieeri lhe principal witness agaia-l her.
w is n:, follows:
"I wok up into my broad, hollow wood lot.
lost by Goody I Might's mother of nris'iit
chopp'n wood. Just inwards the night, 1
felled a hickory, aud sate thereon resting
and meditating. Then comes a certain
riistlin' in the hushes hard by, and turning
my head, lo! 1 see, thorow the fanglemenla,
two sharp, piercing eyes, that overcome me
with strange dread. 1 thought lini il should
be a wild cattle or a ointer, the sharpnesw
thereof was so severe. But reacbi'n lor my
axe, and raisng up, I set pris'ner pluck'ii
berries. She looked at ma again and then
looks away, and thereupon was I seized with
un icxountable desire to keep looking at tier,
and could nowi-e keep uiy eyes from look
ing at her. Which the tempter seeing and
waxing bold, she saith good evenen lo me
with much sweetness of voice that ran like
tingling oil of Egypt thoiow my marrow.
She keejM pick 'n and shutin into my body
tne must dlstriut'iil contagion, insomuch that
1 was near lieside myself. Presentlie, on
pretence of pluck'n berries, she Cometh to
where I sate, still shuten at me with her
ev es, and when she comes cloast to me, re
strainin' grace was utterly banished out ot
me, and 1 was wholly pcaressed with tl.e
devil. Hearken not to my weakneaa, but lo
the iower of sin. Th. n said I, "Patience, how
old art thou?'' And then she answered
and said "Sixteen years and nine months,
worthy sir." Then Sathan makes me to lay
hold her and draw her tc sette by my side.
She struggles and makes outcries, and sates
she, "The man is bewitched." "Yes," saies
I, "and thouart the witch that hath bewitched
me, and thou shalt cure thine own poisson."
Then did I press her npon my breast-lwnes,
whereupon she uplilts violent clamour, and
I know not what else goes on, until my
brother. Condemned Fish, parsing by, come
up and ilappes me on the skouldere, sayimr,
"Hullo, brother Harvey, what's the matter?"
An at the touch of that holy man, Sathan
departeth out of me straitway.
"Sworn in open court this 21 May, 1602.
"(Signed)
"I'tlLStVl III. TO TIIE-J NP-ilAKVEY.
"Precious Smith, Heat! Deputy."
tawMsof Insurance ramawalN.
Nfcw York, Nov. 10. The publishers or
the Sptctator, an insurance journal, have
issued a table showing the aggregate losses of
companies 1 y States, the number suspended
and assessed, and the number unaffected by
the Chicago fire. The total number of com
panies in the United States is 335: aggregate
t .s fiiM.ii,..., s...
capital, i,votf,iu- loiai gross assets, !.!-420,420-,
total losses, $82,821,122- compa
nies suspended, fifty-seven; number assessed,
fwcrifaolit nit in tlto nts. a..!....
s.&..., ..w. au IJ.1J-I?CCI1.
The lollcwinz are the losses bv States: New
York, S21,Cl7,.-00; Ohio, $4,818,7; Mas
sachusetts, $4,481,5o0; Pennsylvania, $2,
082,000; Illinois, 33,878,000; Connecticut,
$9,325,000; Rhode Island, $2,0. 2,500; Cal
ifornia, $2,050,000; Missouri, $.575,000;
Maryland, $397, 1C5; Wisconsin, $29000;
Michigan, $175,000; Minnesota, $10,000;
Maine, S-JO.OOO; Kentucky, $03,000; losses
by foreign companies, $o,t'I31000.
ClltcAoo, Nov. 10. Inasmuch as the is
sue between Gov. Palmer. Mavor M.tsnn ami
Gen. Sheridan in reonnl fn i&linr tw l.rn...l I
the military occupation of this city, is excit- I Tni" estimable individual wis followed by
ine much discussion throufflmu' tUmiiniir "the yr.un- men Barnabtis Ware, Boa
the following proclamation, under w..icd
Gen. Sherid in acted, is reproduced
"The preservation of good order ard
peace in the city is hereby entrusted to Lt.
Gen. P. II. Sheridan, U.S. A. The police
will act in conjunction with him in preserv
ing peace and rpiiet In the city, and the Su
perintendent of Police will "consult him to
that end, the object thereof being Vj preserve
peace ami order without interfering with the
functions of the city government.
"Given under my hand this 11th day of
October, 1871. R. B. Ma-o.v, Mayor."
The police and fire commissioners have
determined to investigate the cause of the
fire, and ascertain the truth, if possible. Mm.
O'Leary and her famous cow will be looked
after.
A fire occurred at Mendota, III this af
ternoon, resulting in the rlestruciiou of $14,
000 worth of property It was feared that the
whole town would burn, as it contained no
engine or hook and ladder company.
ST. -LOUIS.
The Erie Ball way a Mortgag Baasa.
New York, Nov. 10. Judge James, of
Ogdensburg. setting at Lake George, decided
yesterday that the consolidated mortgage
bonds, amounting to $30,000,000 and issued
by the Erie Railroad Company in September,
1870. are valid in every respect, S23.500.-
000 of the bonds were to be placed with the
tanners' Loan x Trust C'omiiany to be ex
changed for old bopds. and the remainder
put in the market. The validity was con
tested by some preferred s ock holders, who,
according to the decision, waited to prove
the allegations impeaching the issne.
Kemoval or Itar Xallonal taplial.
St. I,ouis, Nov. 10 L. A. iieavis, who
has acquired considerable reputation as an
energetic advocate of the removal of the
r.ational Capital to the Mississippi Valley,
delivered an unusually able and eloquent
lecture at the Mercantile Library Hall to
night, on "The Nation and its Capital."
He leaves for New Yo'k, iioston anil Phila
delphia, to-morrow, where he repeats the
lecture. He proposes to visit all the State
Capitals and Legislatures that hold sessions
this winter, and deliver the lecture.
Two men were killed this afternoon, in
this city by the falling of an embankment.
Terrible Aeeident the Xarlh mi
aanrl Kallrasttt.
St. Loci, Nov. 10. Two cars of a train
containing recruits was thrown from the
track on the North Missouri Railroad, near
Wellsviile to-day. Sixteen soldiers were
killed; also Edward Colvin, a brakeman.
The recraitu were en route for Salt Lake.
Ion
an
Not. 9. A St FaaL Miaa.,
araaicfeaan: Dattai State
Speaeer aaa aMWfai the
ViMU aMUhBY.sBs Ua
aaafe. ItacMatMreior a KeaaWea. I aaa the -weririaai of thai -Hani wail a
aanlBMuaia. wahafcewa
T ,TT, iataa-.hak.tMj.nnt Ol a. fcinV like one aaaa. trriac far Tenteaace. wail the aaada or the ponce ia laom uiu rmmm tiaaataia.
-T Tr Tmm'7'Tnr -T"V?". TTr-i mXbaka iilii-taat;JhaCaa- the iililMia waihaa tear tawr eoummmf caaairr aaiar anaageaNaui mnrat ae -aauat- iae aaaaai wa am-nr i eerhaa
I z rr--S"i taataaaBaaiUBtaiBHnBi m lain naaaaaa aaa mnann j i i t i i i i i i s i aaaaanaaa- ma amaa ana aaaaaan" aaar ia i iinaa lha
s- scss.-si?i- i r -7 1 w i srr- -s .s- m i.m nasswnMni awiai januunann irw c -"TT i.'tt I r
T. s.-WS" S. T 1T- A .-..s. U E.M. T HW ..MM MAMM m li.a .na JMMMB.AAn bb.m-Ak S 1 I
f; gaitatrsTaW. s vllas V?5- su V e JV w -5s5Qa jaawiaaeaaaaawwamfa-aaafTivwa. i ani.iiii r u.n 1 1 i nal, j nil. lumnnnnviuiiii a
mmmmhmm&mmdmMmri:
Mil hi i n t i t- Tafiam. tmNummmwriTifm W .in .ii iiMHiiiaTiiyr-ri irn v-rfrr-r!"Y
Instltraatlan Jleetlaa-.
New Yokk, Nov. 10. A great indigna-
uou mreuBg to oenounce me jrooKiyn uem
ocratic ring was held to-night at the Brook
lyn Academy of Music Mayor Kalb-
neiath presided as President, aad spoke at
greatleatta proving that a fake counting
of Tote had taken place at every recent
aaaaeciareoLBat h wa a
a?ao to iae iiiajan aer a jaw to require
qaaiiaranqa niiafwiyn of elec-
ctty jTlinjim ahoau be
Satiaaal Bnattncna ontenllan.
Louisville, Nov. 10. The National
Boatmen's Convention 4has heretofore been
mainly occupied in organizing committees
and preparing business. two important
committees reported lo-uay. 1 lie finance
Committee reported in favor of the appoint
ment of a committee, composed of one or
two delegates from each State, to draft an
amendment to the steamboat law, and urge
its passage bj Congress.
The Committee on Grievances reported
the following objections to the steamboat law:
First It is too indefinite in its provisions.
Second It provides for mauy articles on
steamboats.and makes exactions upon boat
owners in no way necemaay for the protec
tion of life and p'rotierty, thereby throwing on
the owners all risks.
Third It leaves to the Inspectors discre
tionary power only against steamboalmen
and their interests.
Fourth The law confers oa the Board nf
Supervisory Inspectors power to compel the I to death
purcnase and me ot jniratii.at latar pleasure. J wonts
.aucu cairoi nwiine; was exmuiieu in me
Daniel ami Walk Meekly Smith." They
testified that the prisoner had fascinated
them at sundry times and in divers manner.
"Said Btrnabus saiith last Sabbeth two
weeks ago he couldn't keep his eyes ofl pris
oner all meetin' time. Saied Boazsaietfi,
for several months he hath been constrained,
despite of all he could do, when he went into
meetin' to look for pris'ner, and that alwaie.
a !xk from her went thorow him and fillet!
him with tremulation. That the fascination
was paineful, hut nalheles full of delight.
Witnei saieth it was like prick in' of pins
all over him, but when he searched none
was tn be found. Walk Meekly "mith saieth
that he went to home with pris'ner from
ingin' schoote two weeks ago. That ho 1a1
so because he was therein fascinated, and sh
mo veil him by her behavior so to do, having
sate by his side in schoole, singing out his.
booke, and that he had neur done the likr
before, being a youth aged rnly 19 years and
subjtct to his father. That there was nothiri'
in pris'ner' walk and talk that night whi. ft
might show forth the presence of the Deuil;
only the cunninge pnttingeon of mode-tie.
ml lookin strange' sorts of earned look.
thorow her eyelashes bent down, and aw it
were resting on her cheeks, which wer
seemingly all in a glow of deuilish fire. But
next day and ener since, witness hath been
sore distressed with losse of appetite and
melancholic, and constant desire to be in
companie with pris'ner, but ia afraid to
touch her. Ami he swears she hath be
witched him.
Next came a woman witness. Roth Dan
iels being -worn testifies that she knows that
prisoner both bewitcheil Walk Meekly Smith
for that he now slums wi'nev, whereas he
used to be familiar an 1 good friends, beiii
witness' thin! cousin. That last Saboet'i
week, in the meetin', pris'ner tried tr fasti
nate witness. Witness looked at priVnert.
to rebuke her fur not minding to thisdit
course. Pris'ner turned up her nose an.
gave her such a fierce loik that witness wa-
fascinated to take up the hymn-booke and
was near about lo throw it at pris'ner's
head.
After her came brother Condemned Fmh,
vv ho said that he remembered the witness
uplifting the liook, and how he stayed her
rash hand. He concluded by abruptly ask
ing "Is nut this enough Shall we aotsud
dcnlyseittf the tempter and cast out Sathan
from amoni: ns
"Thereupon," continues the awiumuipt,
"upstarts prisoner and throwea the vail oft
her head with incredible diligence and fury,
and cries out to the jury in a loud voice
'Worthy sir, take heed how ye give tni-t to
fal-e couii-eHe, and be not swift to f uin your
skirts with guiltless blood. I proteste to the
Lorde I am innocente of this thinge. Would
you put to death Susannah and justify the
lying elders?" with more of such bold as
surance. "Then it was plaine to see how Sathan
struggled within her, k that Mr. Fish goes
up and spat in her face, and charged hint to
come out of her, and covered up her bead."
After this there were little more to be
doene. L'pon such unimpeachable testimony
ho was of course found guilty and sentenced
lhe account ends with tbese
'Judgement being passed, the pro-
Convention oa lhe tabject of obnoxious
law. Ta detentes from New
York, Boatoa, aad ether places took aa ac-
pie took her to a convenient tree hard by
11 A3 LI Jl
and nurnea aer wiui nre, wnnc.wc ex
alted songs of triumph which well nigh
drowned the cry of Beelzebub yelling with
her voice."
i-i
f
Sli-3
P
t-f
..ill
H
b.