Mo- MMY ÆLIZMMJI
Thursday, -s October 26,1871,
Local,
'Wilkes’ Furniture cannot be undersold.
Cigars—all grades at Armentrout Co s.
8 M. Wilkes is selling Furniture from Boston
price list.
Wilkes' Furniture is marked down at Factory
prices.
Bantj at Hendry’s makes all styles of shoes for
Radies. oct 19-tf’
Ten (housaqd bushels prime wheat wanted by
p. B. P. A. Sublett.
Go to S. M Wilkes’ if you want Furniture at
right prices.
j®-20 different kinds of chewing Tobacco
ail grades—at Armentrout Go’s.
_ 16 different grades smoking Tobacco at
^krmentrout Co’s.
B. Y. B 3. II at cilia. L. Well er’s Boot,
Shoe and Hat Emporium, Main street,
aug lT-tf
Go to Hendry’s if you want your boots and
shoes made well, and finished punctually,
oct 19—tf.
Any style of boot or shoe made at Hendry’s
Mr. Banti will fit you to perfection, oct 19-tf.
yy Wooden Pipes with stems, only 5 and 10
.cents, at Armentrout Co s.
£JSO The largest stock and greatest variety of
walking canes ever offered in Staunton—from
2ie to $10—at Armentrout Co’s.
Go to C. L. Weller’s for Ladies, Mis#es, Chil
drens, Mens, Boys, and Gent’s Boots and Shoes,
aug 17-tf
C. L. Weller keeps constantly on hands, Ladies,
Misses and Childrens Shoes, of A. M. Simpson s
Manufacture, and is prepared to fill orders at
short notice. aug 1T_tf
Gentlemen who are in want of fine boots will
do well to try Hendry. Mr. Bantz. foreman of
the Factory, gives a good fit neatly every time,
on the first trial. oct —^f.
If you ifant to see the First Premium Furni
ture, exhibited at the Augusta Co., Fair, go to J.
A. Y. M. Bickle’s furniture rooms, Main street,
near Lutheran church. It.
The Rev Dr. Handy, pastor of the Augusta
church, expecting to be absent, attending Synod,
the Rev. Wm. fS. Campbell will occupy hi3 pulpit
on Sabbath morning next.
The Rockingham Register has commenced its
fiftieth volume. It was founded in 1821, by Law
pence Wartmann, the father of the present sen
ior editor. But one of its original subscribers
servives.
W. J. Points is largely engaged in Roofing and
spouting, and filling all orders at the shortest no
tice. He is not only prepared to comply with all
.demands in his line but to furnish every descrip
tion of tin-ware. &c., on call, at his store on
main street. oct 12—tf.
J0ne of the most economical and useful inven
tion now in use, is the Casket Heater, for heating
four rooms with one fire, for sale by 'V. J. Points,
jjiain stret. It is not only economical and use
ful, but ornamental. In these times of high
yrood and coal prices, comfort can be secured at
Jittle expense by getting one of the Heaters.
»ctd2—tf.
A Man Killed.—On Monday morning, a ne
gro man in stepping irom the platform of one car
to another, fell under the cars and was killed
This occurred on the Clies. Ohio Railroad not
far from Alleghany Station. Both legs were cut
off and he died instantly. He had a ticket from
White Sulpher Springs to Meechum’s River and
$12 on his person. We have not learned his
name.
The Nonpariel Cooking Stove for sale by W .1.
Points, main street, one door from Dr. Chapman’s
Dental office, is the standard with all good house
wives in the State. For capacity andecotnomy it
ftas no superior. We have had in use, for the
past, six months, one of the Nonpariels.and there
fore know what we say. It is a splendid baker,
and indeed answers every purpose of a ipi-st-class
cooking stove. oct 12—tf.
■The Virginia Medical Society has elected the
following officers for the ensu ng year: A. M.
Faunlleroy, of Staunton. President; the Vice
Presidents are Drs, J. 33 McCaw of Richmond,
J. F. Harrison of Charlottesville, J. II. Claiborne
of Petersburg. II. Black of Blacksburg. B. P.
Barr of Abingdon, Win. Seldoti of Norfolk. Re
pording Secretary, L. B. Edwards of Lynchburg
Corresponding Secretary, F. D. Cunningham, of
Richmond; Treasurer, It. S. Hamilton, of Staun
foif
It is thought the State Fair that is to be open
ed at Richmond on the 3lst inst., will be largely
attended. Round tickets wifi be issued from
Staunton at only one third the usual rates. Df
f course there will be farmers present from all
parts of the State, The farmers, mechanics and
others, who attend on the occasion, will have
an opportunity of consulting together on vari
ous subjects, in relation to the material interests
of the State, sueh as immigration, labor, &c.
Found Guilty.—We )eg,rn from tlie last Reg.
filer, t}iat young Bampkins, the mail robber, had
p re-hearing bqfqre the United States Court, at
Harrisonburg, on Monday the 16th inst. The
jury on Tuesday morning returned a verdict of
guilty, and fixed the term cf his imprisonment in
t^lie Ppgifentiary at ten years, the lowest term al
lowed by the law. They tendered a recom
mendation for a petition to the President for par
don or a sliortey term of imprisonment.
Sudden Death.—On Tuesday morning last,
our community was shocked by the sad intelli
gence that Mr. J. C- Lalley, while getting out of
bed, preparatory to going to market, had dropped
dead. Heart disease is supposed to have caused
pis untimely death.
Mr. L. was a wogqn-ipaker by trade, an honest.,
jjpright and industrious man, such a one a? the
community can illy afford to lose. Wjs deeply
pympathi.e with his friends and family.
X
Reception of the Remains of Da. Macpin at
^Charlottesville.—A dispatch from Charlottes
ville says the announcement of the sad death of
Professor Maupin, iip this city, on Thursday, was
Received at this place with intouse sorrow and re
gret. At the University, on Friday, all lectures
were suspended. In the toiyn, by universal con
gent, all places op business were closed as the fu
neral oorte :e passed along the Main street to the
University. The professors and tdudents, and a
’ar e number of the citizens of Charlottesville,
were at the depot to receive the remains and
*-re*j>ce» fo-the deceased.—Kynch. News.
to
Wood.—Those of our subscribers who desire
to pa^ their subscriptions in Wood, will please
bring it in as soon as possible.
The many friends of Or. C. R. Harris, will be
pained to learn of his continued illness. Dr. Ii.
has been greatly missed since his sickness, and
we sincerely wish that we may ere long see him
among us again.
Piiof. Michael.—After a stay of some weeks
in Winchester, teaching our people the Spence
rian System of penmanship, has returned to
Staunton. He won golden opinions from our cit
?ens. The Professor was quite successful. He
is much of a gentleman, deals fairly, and we
commend him to the people yvherever he goes.—
Winchester 1Yetvs
Prqf. Michael is nqvf iq (his place, apd will
open a writing scfioql this (Thursday) evening, in
Town Hall. All those desiring to improve in
penmanship cannot do better than give this mas
ter- pensman a call. oot 26-It.
Our Latb Fair.—In noticing the admirable ar
rangements for each department of this Institu
tion, we would call attention to the untiring ef
forts of the Superintendent and Secretary, Mr.
Wm. A. Pratt, in the excellent state of the
grounds. The gateway restored to its original
position, and the perfect condition of the tracks,
both upper apd lower.
The new cattle stalls, 50 in number were, with
the old ones, all filled and room for more was
the unanimous demand in the Secretary’s qffice,
the clerks, by their obliging demeanor gained
the good will of all, and the Gate keepers and Po
lice at all points did their duty.
County Court—October Term.—The follow
ing were tue proceedings of Monday, the 1st day
of the term:
The Will of Dr. Francis McFarland was pre
sented, proved, and admitted to record, and his
son, J. N. McFarland, qualified as administrator.
Geo. W. Wilson was appointed Deputy Collect
or for the Pastures Township.
Anderson S. Mauzy qualified as attorney to
practice law.
J. Edgar Willson qualified as administrator of
John II. Poague.
Geo. W. McCutchen, Jas. W. Baldwin, and Wm.
A. Burnett severally renewed their bonds as No
taries Public.
Ed. Booze and Alfred Shiflett were each held to
bail in the sum $100, to appear and answer in
dictment at the next term for assault and battery."
Commonwealth vs. Ohas. C. Carson charged
with murder, on motion of the prisoner, by coun
sel—Commonwealth’s Attorney consenting—rtlie
trial was postponed till the January term of the
Gounty Court.
Augustus Blauth was appointed and qualified
as guardian of Jas. A. J. Frepger—penalty of
J bond $700.
Milk-Trade With Richmond.—A meeting of
a portion of those interested in establishing this
new business was held o i the 18th instant, ac
cording to previous notice, at the Augusta Coun
ty Fair;
J. B. Stuart, Esq., was call to the chair and A.
Ivoiner requested to act as Secretary.
The object of tlie meeting was explained to be
for the collection of all the information which
can be obtained in relation to the establishment
of a permanent and profitable trade in the arti
cle of milk witli the city of Richmond. It was
ascertained that from the quantities indicated by
parties interested that 2,000 gallons would soon
be offered for sale.
After a free comparison of views it was decid
ed to obtain definite and positive assurances
from tlieG. O. R. R. Company as to the costs
of transportation and the accomodations which can
be relied on in furtherance of this enterprise.—
To that end it was
Resolved, That a committee consisting of Sam’l
H. Bell, David Condon and A. Koiner be appoint
ed to lay this subject before the railroad authori
ties and obtain t he best terms for the accommoda
tion of this business.
The committee were also authorized to con
vene the friends rf this enterprise at such time
and place as they shall think best, and report
their proceedings and conclusions.
A lively general interest was manifested in this
new subject on the part of many of the most sub
stantial men along the line of the railroad. The
opin'on was confidently expressed that if t he
people of Richmond will favor the enterprise it
will open a new and profitable business;.
The Staunton and Richmond papers are re
quested to copy these proceedings
J. B. STUART, Pres’.t.
A. Koinf.r. Sec’y
Call for a Meeting1 of tire Virginia Division
of the “Army of Northern Virginia.”
Deriving authority from, anil in oomformity
with, articles 5th and 8th in t he plan of organiza
tion ot the “Association of the Army of North
ern Virginia,” X hereby call a. meeting of the
Virginia Division of that. Association, to take
place ill liiqlttlioud oil the evening of the 2d of
November. 1871.
To organize the Division upon a permanent
basis, to preserve (midships formed in the army,
to perpetuate its fame, to vindicate its history,
that justice may be done to its living and dead in
the future, are among the objects for which we
meet.
Tp all officers, non commissioned officers and
privates, who belonged to Virginia organizations
of the ••Army of Northern I irgiuja” at any, time
dur ng .lie war. and who did not, desert then and
have nut deserted since, a hearty invitation is
hereby extended to be present.
FITZHUGII LEE.
Richland, Stafford county, Va., Oct, 21, 1871.
Large Railroad Contract.
New York. Oct. 20-To-day the largest con
tract lor single railroad construction ever made
for work in the United States, was closed by
W. D. Mann, executive officer of the Mobile
and North western Railroad Company. The
contract is for the entire line from Mobile to
Helena, Arkansas—three Jimtcjred and fifty
miles—and to be completed by December 31,
1813. Work will be commenced at ouce. and
five thousand nten will bo put on as rapidly as
they eaD bo gathered. The iron fop a grept
portion of the road is now beiDg made in
Great Britain.
Another Catastrophe.—To the long
catalogue of fire, tempest, earthquake shocks,
voleauie eruptions, tornadoes, and convul
sions generally, is now to bo added the fol
lowing—the story is told by the Times of
India:
“Advices from Ihangara state that at a
place about forty miles distant on the hills, a
thunderbolt fell on the 22nd of August after
a heavy downpour of rain. The ground was
literally cut up in consequence, and the
whole of the huts standing there, as well as
their iuuiat.es, were swaliowed up in the
chasm. Such a catastrophe has never been
known in Sind. Some fifty persons perish
ed.”
Remains of Dr. Maupin.—The remains
of Dr. S. Maupin, Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Virginia, who was killed
by an accident, on Thursday, whilst return
ing from the Fair Grounds, were taken to
Charlottesville yesterday morning, in charge
of Drs. Fauntleroy, Payne, of Fauquier;
Phillips, Hamilton. McDonald and Davis, a
committee of the Medical State Convention.
The remains were accompanied to the cars by
a number of other physicians.—Lynchburg
Mews, Oct, 22.
The Ruling Passion.—Saturday morn
ing while a gang cf Penitentiary convicts
were going to their yojrk ou the Capital
Square, one of them stole a pair of shoes
from the basket of a passer-by, near the
corner of Prauklin and fourth streets. The
owner discovered his loss, went back in search
of the missing article, and found it carefully
secreted in the bosom of one of the zebras.—
Whir/. 23M.
A Road-Engine for the State Fair.
—A locomotive road engine, buiit in London
and recency exhibited at fairs in Bclgiau
and other European countries, arrived here
from New York on the steamer Saratoga Sat
urday. It will be exhibited at the Virginia
State Fair next week. The exhibitor is W.
Ostler, a Scotch geutletnan, now residing
in New York.— Rich. JVhiff, 23.
Accident.—An accident, which might
have been of more serious character, occur
red on the Orange train, on Wednesday
evening. A gentleman, seemingly determin
ed to make himself no ton rious, attempted to
walk through the train with a pistol in his
boot. Result: a concussion, and the gentle
mao minus a toe.—Petersburg Progress, 2:1.
Patens or FpspiTiTRF, Gheatly Reduc
es).—Perseus wanting I’urniture would do well
to call on J. A. 4Y. M. Bickel before purchasing
elsewhere, as we are determined to sell our goods
as cheap, if not a little cheaper, than can be
bought in the city. We are now receiving a
large lot of new and stylish furniture, purchased
iu the Eastern cities far cash, and will sell for
casli for less than any other house in Staunton.
Give ns a call.
We keep always on hand a large supply of
cane and wood seat chairs, bureaus, bedsteads,
ivasiistands. tallies, lounges, mntpesses, and par
lor and chamber sets in walnut, mahogony and
oak. manufactured in our shop of dry material
and by the best of workmen, pive us a call.—
Guarantee work to suit and'prices to fit.
Fisk^s metu]ic cqses and caskets always pn
hand Undertaking promptly attended to.
Main street, Stauntop, one door above Luther
an churcl). oct 20—tf
There is no JYrvcessitg
For poor bread, rolls, biscuits or pastry, when
house-keepers use Dooley s Yeast Powder.—
The perfect purity of the articles entering into
its composition insure the same results each lime,
which deleterious Raking Powders cannot. We
challenge comparison with any Yeast Powder in
market, knowing full well that no other similar
article is put up with the same care and precis
ion as ours. We give good weight, and guarantee
quality and quantity as represented. For sale at
retail by Grocers in quantities to suit.
Invaluable to every household. Wholesome con
venient ar.d cheap.
25 ci3 bottle or CO ets per pour,d.
For sale by Druggists and all prominent
Storekeepers.
Maei-tages,
On Tuesday, the 24th instant, at the residence
of Mrs. M. Crawford, nvar Staunton, by Rev. W.
E. Baker, Capt. Robert S. Bell and Miss Julia
A. Buuwell, both of Augusta.
In Staunton, on the 19th instant, by (hq Rev.
Wra. E- Baker, Mr. Thomas W. Taylou ot Gran
ville county, N. C., and Miss Maria S. Truheart,
of this vdace.
On Tuesday last at the residence of the bride’s
mother, by the Rev. Christian Beard, Mr. John
Smith and Miss Alice Patterson, both of this
county
On the 3rd of October, near Rockville, at the
residence of the bride’s mother, by the Rev. Per
ry Cummings. Mr. Jas. P. Whitesel. of Augus
ta county, Va to Miss M. E. Strickler, of
Parke county. Indiana.
On the 17th instant, at the residence of the
bride’s father, by the Rev. Dr. Wm. N. Pendle
ton, John A. Blume, of Warm Springs, Ya to
Miss Ada C daughter of Dr. John H. Freeman,
of Rockbridge.
At the same time and place, by the Rev. J. J.
McGurk, 0. W. Rowland to Miss ^Janie J. Boyd,
all of Baltimore.
On the 17th instant., by Rev. T. L. Preston,
Japt. Edmund R. Cocxe, of Oakland, Cumberland
county, Va., and Miss P. A. Preston, daughter
of Col. J. T. L. Preston, of the Virginia Military
Institute.
At John Hamilton’s on' the 17th instant, by
Bev. J. II Temple, John G. Cross and Miys
Georgi a S. Osborne, all of Rockbridge.
On Wednesday, the 18th instant, by Rev. W.
A. Wade, Richard Douglass, formely of Wood
stock, and Miss Mary F., daughtpr of H, T.
Wartmanu—all of llarrjsonbufg.'
On Monday evening, Oct., 16th, by Rev. A. W.
Waddell, Thomas Langiioun, of Lynchburg and
Miss OiutA, daugter of Go}. A. S. Gray of Harris
onburg.
Deaths.
John Martin departed this life October 13th.
1871. aged 72years. He lived a consistent mem
ber of the Methodist church for 30 years, and
fell in the service of his Master, with a full hope
of entering upon his long reward in a “better
country.”
Markets,
Review of Ihe Markets by P B. .J* P. A. Subletl,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Augusta Street, Staunton, Va.
Since our last week’s report, flour lias fluctuated
and price.- are now lower than before tbe rise,
caused by the impression the Chicago lire would
put up prices permanently. Wheat is still ill de
mand, and market fjrm, proportionately, much
highep than hour.
STAUNTON MALIK UTS, Oct 20.
Corrected every week by P. B. IIogh Si Bko
WHOLESALE PRICES.
Flour, Super.,.$00,00@ TO,!
Extra,... $00,00(0) $0,
Fam i}y,..,..,..$00,00@ $7,
Wheat. $1,60
Corn,...$ >00
Oats,,
.45
Rye, ,80
Bacon—IIog round,. 13c
Lard,.25c
Butter,.00c@20c
Eggs,..*... 00@15
Corn Meal,. 00c
Salt,.$3,00
Sugar—Brown.......r.12c
Crushed,.16c
Granulated,.16c
Powdered,. 16c
Molasses,.'.. 50@$1,25
Tea—black,.>..........$2.00
Green,. $2,50
Flaxseed, —j. ..$1,-0
Zell’s Ammoaiated Botie Super Phosphate,......$60
Plaster—ground,. )..'$11,00
RICHMOND MARKET.
Corrected every y^eek by P. B. R. A. Sublett.
Flour—Super,.
Extra,..
Family,..
Wheat, red,.
Wheat, white,
Corn,..
Oats,.
Bacon—Hog round,
Lard,...
Butter,.
Eggc..
Tallow,
7.25®$ 0.00
6.75@$ 0,00
8,50®$ 0.00
.$1,80@1.80
.1,0001.90
,78
..58c
..12 @00c
..13c
.20®c25
.24
.8to06
JOB MONKS’
Sir James Clark’s Female Pills.
These invaluable Pills are unfailing in the cure
of all those painful and dangerous diseases to
which the female constitution is subject. They
moderate all excesses and remove all obstruc
tions, from whatever cause.
TO MARRIED LADIES
hey are particularly suited. They will in a short
ime bring on the monthly period with rcgulari
y and although very powerful, contain nothing
hurtful to the constitution. In all cases of Ner
vous Spinal Affections, f?siins in the Back and
Limbs, Fatigue on slight exertion, Palpitation o
the Heart, Hysterics and Whites, they will eftec
a cure when all other means have failed. The cir
eujars around each package give fu)i directions
and advice, or will be sent free to all writing for
them, sealed from observation.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
It is the fat# of every truly valuable medicine to be
CO UN TER FE ITED. Job Moses’ Sir James
Clark's Feyiale Pills are extensively counterfeited.
The genuine have the name of “JOB MOSES” on
each, package. All others are worthless. Dishonest
Druggists endeavor to' s6ll ihe counterfeits to make
greater profits.
N. B.—In all cases where the genuine cannot
be obtained, One Dellar'enclosed to the Sole Pro
prietor, JOB MOSES, 18 "Cortlaudt street, New 1
York, will insure a bottle Qf iliv genuine, contain
ing Fifty Pills, by return mail securely sealed
from any knowledge of Its contents
i:or.7 .v..£ A .g. Of c .tv.
Special Notices.
[From the new ‘'Dominion.”"]
At this season, when coughs and colds arc so
prevalent, an effectual remedy, and one easily ob
tained, is Perry Davis' Vegetable Pain Killer.”—
It is no new nostrum, vended by unknown agents,
but has stood the test of over twenty years and
those who use the article, internally, will connect
with it grateful recollections of its worthy inven
tor.—Hastings' Chronicle, C. W.
Pain Killer.—The testimonials borne to the
efficacy of this valuable medicine are sufficient to
warrant its introduction into every house. Our
own opinion is that no family should be without
a bottle of it for a single hour. In flesh wounds,
aches, pains, sores, &c., it is the most effectual
remedy we know of. A bottle will last fora very
long tirhe, and its low pride places it in within
the reach of all. Guy readers *v i 11 remember that
the Messrs. Perry Davis Son have' opened a
housrf in Montreal, whence panadian orders are
supplied.—News,' St. John's, 0» A7.
are gi^d to learn that the ‘*Pain Kil
ler*’ is having so largo a sale in our city. We
have every reason to believe it to be an almost
never failing oure^fer pain, and is a medicine
that no family should be without.—Montreal Pilot.
Davis’ Pain Killer.—From the! reports of
dealers in this city, >ye think no proprietory med
icine bps had a larger sale. Its valuable proper
ties as a speedy cure for pain, cannot fail to be
generally appreciated, and no family should be
without it, in case of accident, or sudden attack
of dysentery, diarrhoea, cholera morbus, and even
Asiatic cholera, yields to its magic power, as we
see by reports from those sections in the south
west where the disease has been particularly vir
ulent the past summer.—Montreal Transcript.
oet 20—-lm.
TRUST WIIAT TIME HAS SANCTIONED.
The maxim that, the voice of the people is the
voice of the divinity, may in some cases, be open
to doubt, but the testimony of honest ai)d enlight
ened witnesses extending through a series of
years, and all to the same .purport, is worthy of
credence, admits of no question. Upon such testi
mony the reputation of Hostetler’s Stomach Bit
ters as an antidote and cure for many ailments is
based. During the twenty years that it lias been
before the world, innumerable preparations in
tended to compete with it, have gone up like rock
ets, and come down like the extinguished sticks.
Meanwhile the progress of that incomparable
tonic has been swift and steady—always upward
and onward like the eagle’s flight. Its introduc
tion produces a revolution in therapeutics, and it
has proved to be one of those salutary revolutions
that cannot go backwards. To day Hostetter’s
Bitters is one of the most popular remedies in
Christendom, and commands a larger sale than
any other medicinal preparation, domestic or im
ported, on this side of the Atlantic. As a cure
for dyspepsia, biilious disorders, nervous afiec
tions, general debility, and as a preventive of ep
idemic fevers, it takes precedence of every other
remedy. Tins fact, should teach the ambitious
country dealers who endeavor to foist their local
abortions on the public in its stead, how futile
their small attempts to cajole the community
must necessarily be. Where the game fish have
failed there is no chance for the 4 suckers.”
Manhood: how Lost, how Restored.
Just published, a new edition of Dr. Cu&
well’s Celebrated Essay, on the radical
cure (without medicine) of Spermatorrhoea,
Seminal Losses, I?ipotency, Mental and Physical
Incapacity, Impediments to Marriage, etc.; also.
Consumption. Epilepsy, and Fits, induced by
lu l il'T vice or sexual extravagance.
gsS^Price in a sealed envelope, only G. cents.
The celebrated author, in this admirable essay,
early demonstrates from a thirty years’ succesi
ul practice, that the alarming consequences of
sell-abuse may be radically cured without, the
dangerous use of internal medicine or the appli
cation of the knife; pointing out a mode of cure
at once simple, certain, and effectual, by means
of which every sufferer, no matter what his con
dition may be, may cure himself cheaply, pri
vately, and radically.
This Lecture should be in the hands of
every youth and every man in the land.
Sen4, under seal, iu plain enye’ope, to any ad
dress, postpaid on receipt of six cents, or two
post stamps.
A so. Dr. Culver well's Marriage Guide,
price 25 ceu's. Address publishers.
CllAS. J. 0. CLINE CO
127 Bowery, New York, P. O. Box 4,586.
sept 21-t dec. 10, 1871
Legal Notices.
VVirginia, to WU
V At Buies held in the Cleik’s Office of
Augusta County Court. Monday, October 2nd.
1871.
George Golladay, Plaintiff,
Versus
John B GoUada}'. Calvin Black and Rachael his
wife and James C. Meeks and Margaret his wife.
Defendants.
IN CHANCERY.
The object of this suit is to subject the interest
of the defendants, in the real estate of which the
late Jonathan Golladay, died seized, to sale in
satisfaction of the claim of said plaintiff, against
them for contribution to make up the sum cf
$215,87 cents paid by said plaintiff on the
29th day of August, 1871, in the discharge of a
decree rendered in the Circuit Court or Augusta
coumy, at the June Term. 1871, in the cause of
A. M. Bruce against the widow and heirs of said
Jonathan Golladay, deceased.
It .appearing from an affidavit filed in the pa
pers of this cause, that the defendants John B.
Godaday, and James C Meeks and Margaret his
wife, are non residents of the fctate of Virginia
On motion of she plaintiff’s Counsel, \t is order
ed that they do severally appear here within one
month after due publication of this order and do
what is necessary to protect their interest in this
suit that a copy of .this order be published in
one of the newspapers in Staunton for four suc
cessive wee’ s, and al.-e posted at the front door
of the Court house cf ihIs County, on the first
day of the no~t term of said Court.
A copy -Testa,
WILLIAM A. BURNETT, Clerk.
Fultz Fultz, p. q. oct 5—4fe
tf© Wits
V At Rules held in the Clerk’s Office cf Au
gusta County Court, Mcnday, October 2nd, 1871.
Judith Page Rives, (formerly Walker) and Jane
Frances Page, (formerly Walker,) Plaintiffs,
Versus
Lorenzo Shaw and Esteline M. his wife, Miltcn
Brooks, John M. Carr and Sarah E. his wife, An
na Brooks. Samuel Brooks, Anneline Brooks,
Addisen Brooks, Temple Coons and Ann E. his
wife, and Jdo'.'D. Brooks in his owu right and as
Executor of Wm. Brooks, heirs, devisees and
Executor of Wm. Brooks, dec’d. Defendants.
IN CHANCERY.
The object of ibis suit is to 'subject the l^nd
purchased by and assigned to said Wm. Brooks,
deceased, frpm Rives and Pago tQ the vendor’s
lien for unpaid purchase* money.
It appearing from an affidavit filed in the pa
pers of this cause, that the defendants John M.
Carr and Sarah E. his wife, Anna Brooks, Samu
el Brooks, Anneline Brooks, Addison Brooks,
Temple Cc-c-ss and Ann E. his wife and John D
Brooks are non-residents of the State of Virgin
ia: On motion of the plaintiff’s counsel, it. is
ordered that they do severally appear here with
in one month after due publication of this order
and do what is necessary to protect their interest
in this suit, that a copy of this order be published
in one of the newspapers in Staunton for four
successive weeks, and also posted at the frqij),
door of the Court-house of this County on the
first day pf thq next term of said Court.
A copy—Teste,
WM. A. BURNETT, Clerk.
Michic Mioliie, p. q. pet 5-4t
VIRGINIA:
At a Court held for the County of Bath,
at the Court-House, thereof, qn Monday, 2nd
day of October, 1871,
It being suggested to the Court t-liaj; tljc Presir
dent and Directors of the Millboro’ and Warm
Springs Turnpike Company, have abandoned the
said Road, to Wit: Commencing at Millboro’
Depot, on the Virginia Central Railroad (now the
Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad) in Bath county,
to intersect the Warm Springs Mountain Turn
pike at or near Mrs. Brinkley’s, in said County;
It is ordered that the fact of such abandonment,
and notice thereof is hereby required to be given,
by advertisement in the Valle]/ Virginian a
newspaper printed in the Town of Staunton, once
a week for eight successive weeks, and posted qn
the froutdoor of the Court-House of this county,
upon some court day, and of the intention of
this Court to take charge of the said Road, and
that if, after the lapse of three months, from the
date cf the first appearance of said advertise
ment, the said Turnpike Company shall not have
proceeded to repair and keep up said road, this
Court will take possession of the same, that Sur
veyors may be” appointed, and hands assigned
thereto, and the said road treated in all respects
as a County Road.
A dopy—Teste,
ry*M2-8» WM, H MnDANNALP, CIrrk.
Commissioner’s notices.
Commissioner's Sale of Vain a*
l»le JLaort.—By virtue of a decree of
the Circuit Court of Augusta county, rendered
on the 17th day of June, 1871, in the suit of
Howry’s widow and 'als. vs. Mowry’s heirs, &e„
the undersigned as special Commissioner therein
named, will proceed to sell at public auction, on
he premises, on
FRIDAY T11E 22ND OF SEPTEMBER, 1871,
a valuable tract of land containing 322 ACRES,
lying about 7 miles East of Staunton, on the
New Ilopq road, it being known ns the homo
farm of Goo. IV. Mowry, deceased, apd the same
upon which his widow replies.
This is one of the bestfargjs in Augusta coun
ty—the land of excellent quality,' wejl enclosed,
and in fi hoc state of cultivation. It has upon it
a fine tlrick Mansion House, a good barn and ail
other necessary out buildings.
TERMS OF'SALE.—Enough cash in hand to
pay costs of sale, and the residue in four equal
annual payments from day of sale, the purchaser
executing his bonds with approved personal .se
curity for the deferred payments, and the title
retained as ultimate security
G. M. COCHRAN, .Tr.,
eg 24-tds Commissioner.
Postponement.—The above sale has
been postponed till FRIDA\, the 2Qth- day of
OCTOBER. Geo, «M. Cociikan, Jr.,
oct 5-tds. Commissioner,
f i ftiumissioner’s Slof ice,
V/ To James G. Patterson, Administrator,
n. n. N. c. t. a. of John Conner, deceased, Plain
tiff, and Rudolph Turk, Administrator of Mar
tha B. Cqnuc.r, deceased,-Cyrus B. Cpupcr, Apian,
da Couuer, Lydia Conner, Samual Lutz Eliza
beth N. his’wife, Rebecca Conner, M. H. McCue,
late Sheriff of Augusta county, and as such. Ad
ministrator of the estates respectively of John
Conner. Sally Conner, Caty Conner, and Mary
Conner, deceased; and-—— and--——un
known children and heirs of James Conner, de
ceased, Defendants, in a oeygain spirit in Chancery
now depending in the Circuit Court of Augusta
County—
TAKE NOTICE, that on MONDAY, the 6th
day of NOVEMBER, 1871, I shall, in pursuance
of two orders entered in.sa'd suit, by said Court,
proceed at my office in Staunton,
let. To take, state and settle the Administra
tion account of James G. Patterson, as Adminis
trator, i). n. N. 0. t. a. of John Conner, deceased.
2nd. To ascertain and report the manner in
which the estate shall be distributed; the rights
of the parties thereto what, personal estate, if
any, belongs to ihe estate of said decedent what
penis and profits are due and if any from whom.
Given under my hand as Commissioner in Chan
cerv for said Court thi? 3rd day of October,
1871.
J. W. GREEN SMITH,
oct 5—4t Commissioner.
f ^aniiBissionOT s Sale si *siuiss»l«
Lisuti near Siannton.
By virtue of a decree of the Circuit Court of
Augusta Comity, entered June loth, 1871. in liie
suit of McMahon and others vs. Nunau and oth
ers, the undersigned Commissioner, appointed by
said decree, will proceed upon the premises, on
TUESDAY, the 10th day of OCTOBER
next, at eleven o’clock, a. m. to sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, the several tracts
owned by John Nunan, and constituting the
tract on which he resides, containing together
about. 810 Acres, 2 Roods and 23 Poles.
This land lies on thg Staunton and Middlebrock
road, about three miles from Staunton, adjoining
the lands of Iier.ry Harrison, C. C. Franojjseo and
others, and is most desirable property.
Persons desiring to examine the land will ap
ply to Air. Nunau oil the premises, or to the un
dersigned.
TERMS OF SALE.
Cash in hand sufficient, to pay the costs of suit
and sale, arid for the balance on credits of one,
two and three j cai-s, with interest from the day of
sale, for which bcml3, with good personal securi
ty will be required, and a lien retained on the
property as ultimate security.
JOHN ECHOLS,
sept 7-UJa Commissioner.
The above sale is postponed until TUESDAY
the 31st day of OCTOBER. ect 5-tda
ClonnaiissioiBer’s Solice.
to Hugh L. Gallaher, John E. King, James
E Eryine, Samuel D. Brooks, Henry 11. Peck.
Administrator of Alexander Patterson, deceased,
Sarah S. Patterson, (widow). Joseph A. Patter
son, and the following named infants, James L.
Patterson. Hetty >1.'Patterson, Rebecca S. Pat
terson, Samuel M. Patterson, Emily L. Patterson,
and William Patterson, and Joseph N. Ryin, their
Guardian (id litem, being partiesplaintiffs and de
fendants in two certain suits no.v depending in
Chancery in the Circuit Court of Augusta, under
the styles of Gallalier vs. Brooks, and at—a d of
Patterson and ul vs Patterson's Administrator—
and to all persons whomsoever interested.
Take Noticm, that on TUESDAY, the 14th day
of NOVEMBER, 1871, at iny office n Staunton.
1 shall, in pursuance of a joint Order made in said
suits, proceed to take, slate and Settle the follow
ing accounts, viz:
l»t. Of the administration of II. IT. Pock, late
Sheriff, &c., and as such, Administrator of Alex
ander Patterson, deceased,
gild. Of the liens upon tile veal estate of said
decedent y/ith the order of their priorities.
3rd. Of the title of said real estate.
4th. Of all outstanding debts against the estate
of said decedent.
5th. Of tlie assets of said estate, and
full. Of the cash value of the dower of the
widow of said decedent.
At which time and place you are required to at
tend an l all creditors, whomsoever, of the .raid
Alexander Patterson, a’ec’d and likewise required
to attend and file with the undersigned proper
evidence of your claims.
Given under my hand as Commissioner of
said Court, this 9th day of October. 1871.
J. IV. GREEN SMITH,
oct 12 4t Commissioner.
tlommissioncr’s Office*
To all parties, Plaintiffs an cl Defendants,
in the Chancery suit now depending in the Cir
cuit Court of Augusta, under the stylo of Antho*
ny’s Administrator, &c vs. Anthony, &c., audio
all persons whomsoever interested in said suit.
Take notice, that on Monday, the 13th day pf
NOVEMBER, 1871, in pursuance of a# order
made in said suit, at the June Term of said Court
A. D. 1871, I shall at my office in Staunton, pro
cccd to take, state and settle the following nc
counts, viz:
1st. Of the dealings of Jacob Beck, as Admin
istrator of F. 11. Anthony, deceased,with the es
tate of his intestates.
2nd. Of tlie delfts against the estate of said
decedent with their respective priorities and dig
nities.
3fd. Of the commuted value of the dower in
terest of Sarah Anthony in' the thirty acre tract
of land in Ihe bill mentioned.
4th. Of the acting and* doings of Jacob Beck,
Commissioner of sale to sell said tract of land.
At which time and place all parties are requir
ed to attend, as also all creditors of the said F. R.
Anthony, deceased, who are further required,
then and there, to tile with the undersigned prop
er evidence of their claims.
Given under my hand as Commissioner of said
Court, this 5th day of October, 1871.
J. W. GREEN SMITH,
oct 12—4t Commissioner.
3W CjOODS.
1 have now a store full of
C II O I C i N E W GOODS,
to which I would call the attention of my friendg
and the community.'
My stock of
DREIpS GOODS, SHAWLS, FURS AND FANCY
ARTICLES,
is the largest »nd handsomest Ijiat if has ever
been my pleasure to offer, and, notwiliistand
ing the large advance in many kinds of goods,
will be sold at the old prices,
opt 5-St DAVIS A. KAYSER.
WILLIAM II. 6UKMAH
it Has just rectived a supply of
Nos. 1 and 3 Mackerel in Kits,
Mess Shad in (fits,
New Salmon in liits,
Fresh Salniop in Cans,
New Cod Fish and Labrador Ilprring,
An extra article of Cheese put up in 10 poum
packages, for faipily use, also, round cheese b
the box or smaller quantities, kept always oi
band. A supply of Family Groceries, Vegeta
hies. Non-explosive Coal-oil and Glassware, a
Richmond prices, Main street, next to mar’b.le
yarJ- oct. 12-St
ions «m>XEii,
V Mattress Maker,
Mattresses made to order and old, ones renovi
ted in a workmanlike manner, and at the very lov
est rates. Satisfaction guaranteed.
Orders let. with \V. 11. Gorman will receD
prompt aUculio!!.
©^Conner
sc^l T~ ff i.
MtgwttmiMufi,
To by .drawn Monday N'ov.'u'tlli. 18K.
i’vvd GiTTSb Capitals of
$500l,i>a«a in ajceabafeks J
Two I’imze.s $l,(XiGS n
Five Prizes $300 3 j< RESE'BACKS!
Ten Prizes $jpa9,£,(. Ij,
WHOLE NUMBEK OF CASH.GIFTS,‘l.OOOY
t Hoys3 and Srtjfjd with Silrer-niountod liar'
r.css, worth $600!
One Fine toned Ihosowood I’iiwie, worth S-CO,!
Ten Family Sewing -Machines, wortli. $100 each
Five Heavy Gated Gold Hunting Wt&Uskeq ’and Heavy
•Gold. Chains, ■wortla $200 tack
j Five Gold American Hunting W.atches, worth
$125 each
t Ten Ladles* Gold -'Hunting'Watches, worth $100
each'! s 4 JTv.
800 Gold and Silver Lever Ilunidig. Watches (m all)
worth PQjCtffA.
Lad-eV Gold IiC6hdine*<?)V;vi'H^ Gent* a Gold Vest
Chains; Sjfc\eee ptfltr&ttyftfiptriteS&lid Silver iuii
Double-Plated Tabl^ami Teaspoons, Ivory-Han
dled Dinner KniYe3f%ftve$-p4h&d-’pirinsr Forks,
Silver Fest drains,' Photog.r.«py.„ Albums, .Hadies’
Gold I}rea?t Pins and Far rings, Gents’ Gold
.Breastpin.4. Shirt Studs an-,l Sleeve Buttons, Fin
ger-rings, Gold Peris, ^silver ex tension^) etc.
.Whole number Gifts. 6,000. Tickets limited
t o GG.OOii.
ACffeWT.S WANTED Sell Tickets, tonhom
Liberal Dremiuu^ wIZJ be paid.
Single Tickets $1 Six’ Tickets $5; Twelve
Tickets $10; Twenty five Tickets $20.
Circulars containing a full list of prizes, a de
8; ription of 111e manner of drawing, and other
information in reference to the Distribution, will
be sent to any one ordering them. All letters
mus| he addressed to
office, L. D. SINE, Box 8f>,
101 W. oth St., Cixcixsati, Ohio,
sept 28-tuov 21-y
,000 00
4
IPS
PRICEJ5.50.
The American Wasaaer ^amMou
ey. Time, and Drndgesy.
The Fatigue of Wash fug no Longer Dread
td\ hut Economy, Efficiency. Clean
Clothing, jSm'e.
In calling public attention to this little machine,
a few of the invaluable qualities, (not po3stssed
by any other washing machine yet inreii^ed.J are
here enumerated.
It is tiro smallest, most compact, most portable,
most simple in construction, most, ’easily opera
ted. A child ten years old, with a few hours’
practice, can thoroughly comprehend and effsetu
ally use it. There is :.o adjusting, no screw*
annoy, no delay in adapting It is always ready
for use! It is a perfect little wonder! It is a
miniature giant, doing more work and of a better
quality, than ilie most elaborate and costly. One
half of the labor is fully saved by its use, and
the clothes will last, one-half longer than by rhe
old plan of the rub board. It will wash the lar
gest blanket. Three'shirts at a time, washing
thoroughly In a word, thelibUition of any fab
ric, from a Quilt to a Lace Con tain or a Cambric
Handkerchief, are equally within the capacity of
this LITTLE QEM It;cart be, fastened to any
tub and taken eff at will.
No matter how; deep footed .a prejudice may
exist against Washing Machine,the moment this
little machine is seen to perforin its wonders, all
doubts of i‘,s cleansing efficacy and utility arc
banished, and the doubter and detractor at cuce
become the fast friends of tire machine.
We have testimonials without, end, setting furth
its numerous adjutages oyer all others, and
from hundreds who Lav.3 throw*} aside the un
wieldly# useless: machines, which have signally
failed to accomplish the object promised in prom
inent and loud sounding advertisements.
It is as perfect for washing ns a wringer is for
wringing. The price another paramount induce
ment to purchasers, has been placed so low that
it is within the reach of every housekeeper, aad
there is no article of-doinesti'c 'economy that will
repay the small investment- so soon.
$3.50.
All that is asked fur this,GREAT LABOR SA
VER, is a fair trial. We guarantee each mac! iae
to do its work perfectly.
Sole Agents for the United States,
A. if: FIX A NO I SC US CO.,
513 Market St., Philadelphia,. Pa.
The largest and cheapest WOODEN WARE
HOUSE in the United States. oct S-3m
CllESAl EAKId OHIO RAIUIQAD
TO CONTRACTORS
FOR
GROSS TIES
AND
TRESTLE WORK!
Proposals will be received by the undersigned
at the EngineerVOffice in Richmond, until 12
M., November Oth. 1871. for furnishiug the
C 11 O H S T I Eg
for ,t h«
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAILRQAP,
between White Sulphur Springs and the mouth o
New lliver. or about 105 miles of the road.
Proposals will also be received at the nime time
and place for TIMEER TRESTLES on the Gieea
brier and Alleghany Divisions Plans and Speci
fieatiotis for the latter can be had of Maj. Peyton
Randolph. Division Engineer. White Sulphur
Springs. Oii. and after October 2$ lp
Spec ill cat ions for press Tics may be had on
and alter October 15th. at the Engineer’s offices
in Richmond, White Sulphur, Richmond’s pahs,
or Miller's Ferry. H. 1). \V HIT*-O.M I>,
oct. 19-3t Chief Engineer (J. &0 ll R.
CHESAPEAKE ANf> OHIO RAILROAD.
On.apd afu-r MONDAY. September 18, Pas
senger Trains leave. Richmond (Sunday excepted)
as follows:
8;30 A. M.—Mail Train for the White Sulphur
Springs," connecting at Gordonsvillc with the Or
ange. Alexandria andManassa* train for Wash
ington and North, and Lynchburg and South.
"5:3.5 t*! M—-AocoMMOiiA-TiON Train for Gcr
donsville, except on Saturday, on which day it
leaves atop m. This train connects at Gor
donsyille wit h the night trains on the Oran. e.
Alexandria hr .I Manassas railroad for Lyuckbui g
and Washington.
through tickets at low rates, sold to all points
Northwest and Southwest.
Stediage tickets from Liverpool, Queenstown.
Amsterdam. Antwerp. Hamburg, iiasve. Rotter
dam, Bergen, Copenhagen and Gothenburg, to all
points on this road, can be bought ol the Gener
al Ticket Agent at Richnton I, or can be ordered
through any station agent on the-: oad.
Further information may be obtained at the
C.on;panyb$ offices.
No Pasgenger Trains will run on Sundays.
r* A. IE PERRY,
General Superintendent.
James F. Ntlkerland, Gen i Ticket Agent,
pet MM f _
the best
JUST received a larg* assortment
Oily-made BUTTQNED ROOTS lorAMM.
Misses and Children, at 0. WELLER'S,
Xpay 4-tf Ro.ct., Shoe, and Hat Emporium.
Temple of Fasliion.—Joseph Kid
Gloves at $1.00. of all colors, every pair war
ranted. Also Jouvazi’e one and tup Button
Glove3. K. M. ££ULpL;.
v' oct 19-If
Teiupie of Fasliioti.—JiUrcsjivjj
io Ladies. Just, received, the Palpitating Breast
tmd or Artificial Bust. Madara’Fo-s’: Patent Ad
justable Stocking .Supporter. Patent Duplex
Ventilated Garter. Madame DeiporesPs Sleek
t ipg Suspender for LaTies, blisses and ‘ChiMrot.
1 Sffi.IMf -M- FILLET
JVfW Arh'&rtfsenu’r.in.
QOGAFor I'?1' oI»** -Pianos—sent on trial—ni,
JVagents. Address lT. S. PIANO, Cy(v liij
Broadway, N, V.
■J.iV
9.500
Co. Aory;ich, Ct.
Retailed by oiiC; Wanted Agents to
9 sell prVhtrea everywhere. ]Yla they
ru. f J..
O’CLOCK,
•ivy
Qar DOLLARS A MONTH.
t)-»0 ritt"«.farn;»Lcd j espetts
[free. il. if SHAW, Alfred, Me.
Horse, arti Car
ts l aid Kiapit
U
RIFLES, SriOT-O ONS
teriuls of every kiud.
REVOLVE US; GEN M.v
Write for Price Litt, lei
my guns and Revolvers bought or traded for.—
j Ageuls wnuietl- 4 tv
j W A/Sbi IIS. Jt’REE.—PriseX’iilTdy -bouts. Prise
j StaHiforr/racttacA.- Cheap Jewelry, Sic &v
j'SHvev Watches given gratia to every agent. ?2U.
r er'dry made selling our'gbod.-: at Country Pain
and Poii-iciil Meetings. entFfpr Circular. Ad
i dross Monrf.r, Kennedy <y Co., PilUbureJi^ I'd. 4...
j f GENT'S WANTlil) In every county fur our.
X\. fust seliiug Mats, religious and historic*!
j (’ifAr.TS, etp. 1/litaeiise Sties Large Profits
i If.Vis SIS i LCBRECUT, Empire X'erp CVijp j.
I'd’jl'itbhshment, LOT Liberty street, N. V. 4\V
I' ~C£ (\UB T of I'OMrORT)
f Patented No.yarn her 1, 1870.
j SAMPLES FREE AT ALL GROCERY STORES
4y; H. A. BA UTLE+T COi, Phiiadelphre/
j. FlFliK TO. BOOK AGKX'LA
i We r,'il send a handsome Prospectus of cur,
1 .Wir Itfuilra.'ed'J'iinafy Bible, containing over ilGo.
j fiue-Scriptura Iilast rations to airy Book Agn.1,
t free of citarge. A.ddrrss, Xuliona! Pu&liihiitj Co
j Philadelphia, P,a.
10,000 AGENTS WANTED POP,
tTI0 it T C If il A IL i' 51.
l!y L>r W. W. U.ill, Author of ‘Journal of lleulih.’
fht lifst Selling Book in tub Market. II. N.
McKlNXLY Cp., 16 N, 7th Street, Phiiadel
-pjiia. Pa. l'»
TRV XJS
We send a valuable gift to every purchaser of.
a bock. §100,00 worth of gifts are distributed
with every $200 worth of Hooks we sell. Agent-'
wanted to form club3. Write for our r1a»»iflcd.
catalogue and references. D.. M. LV AN3 ,b CO
71 i Chestnut Pt Philadelphia 4w
Laa the delicate a :ad r<“tre»hlii|;
C-0?* F^OfCErancc of jchuImc Farina
Cologne XVater, aad
'^'-^Jiid-apeiisable to
csr
tli© Toilet of1" __
every Lady or Qca
tiemcii. Sold by Urctrjcists'
end iieftlerd In PERFl/MEKV.

^GlUg
THE A,-NECTAR,
IS A BURK
KI,A(K TEA
ith the Green Tea Flavor. Wait-,
iHiie.J to suit, all tastes. For salt
een/whrre, niid for stile nliole
itile only by the lircai AI-.
liitilic ami 1’aeiiie Ten
Co., S Church street New York, I\ 0. Bor
odOS. Semi fur Thea-Xectar Circular. 4w
Relieved ami Curort I t Hr. Gherman's Patent Appliance an l
Compound. Dili iso. Gif? Broadway. N. V. Send ioo. for book
vritii photographic likenesses of cases before amt after pure, with
the Henry Want Beecher case, letters and portrait. Beware i
traveling Imposters, who pretend to have bcea asslaUu-U
SHfiaHAH. Ho has uo Agents.
AG HINTS WANTED. E^clu- pTnn,n,, T r
give territory granted on the V V*
ISO ME BIRLE
Contains over 300 Illustrations. Is n complete.
Library of Biblical Knowledge. Excels all other*.
In English and German. Send for ciiculurs, t.;
W. FLINT CO Philadelphia, Ta. 4w
WANTED—AGENTS ($20 per day) io sell tie
celebrated IISHUTTLE fcEYVlStt
MACHINE. ilas the underfeed, makes the '‘lock
at tick” (alike on botit sides.) and is fully Lie used.
The best and cheapest family Sewing Machine in,
the market. Address JOHNSON. CLARK CO.,*
Boston. Mass., Pittsburgh, £a., Chicago, LI., or.
St. Louis. Mo. 4w
GEN. LEE.
Ills Lite ti.u 1 Times i*
now ready for Agents
in one s pi ended volume of 850 pages and Tl.ii4.v
■Reel Portraits* By a distinguished Southern
Author. Contains facts of iniM-evt never befoid
published Sent on receipt-of price, $3.75. Also
Beavii s HOME PHYSICIAN, she new handy
book of Family Midicine. Its value is aite.Oed
REDUCTION OF PRICES
TO CONFORM TO
BEDUOTION OF DUTIES.
GREAT SAVING TO CONSUMERS
BY 0FTTISU S P rum
g!*2r> Send for dur New Price List and a club
form will accompany it, containing full direction*
making a large saving to consumers and remu
nerative to club organizers.
THE GREA'KAMERK AX TEA CO.,
31 and SS VESttltY STBEET.
P. O. Pox 5613. NEW YOUK. 4w
AGENTS WANTED FOR
A strangoy itt.iuuuUiiig, powetiuHy writ'en, an
ihprot ghly reliable. book. From a new plane!
point, and upon a subject of vital and atepr&irg
nterest- In two parts. Showing the hoircrs t f*
the barbarous system of treatment in vogue in
many prisons, and ilie advantages of ihe t*ystem
recently inaugurated in others. Together with
a true and detailed account of the maltreatment
and cruelties practiced ujen prisoners: iilsp,
shame-laced criminalities with female can^ipt# t
mutinies, murders, stnrviugs, whippings, hair
breath escapes, sketches and incidents, [1 ana
‘ives, pen pictures, sunshine and shade, illus
trative of prison life. Writ fen by a Convict, in a
Convict's Cell. In one vol. 510 pages, oyer 50 ele
gant engravings, made express1!/ *or (his book. 4H
sample pages, sample illustrations, sent on appli-]
cation—or, a bouiyl prospectus, for80 cents. C.
F. Vent, Cincinnati, New Vork Chicago. 4w.
JURUBEBA,
Is a South Afhericah plant that has beep used
for many years by the medical faculty of these
countries with wonderful efficacy, and is a Sure
and PertVat. ilpmedy for all Diseases of (he
LIVER AND SPLEEN, ENLARGEMENT OR OPSTRUCS
TIoN OF INTESTINES, URINARY, UTERINE. OK
ABDOMINAL ORGANS. POVERTY OR A W A NT
OF BLOOD, IN Ell MITT ENT OR REMIT
TENT FEVERS. F FLAMATION OF
TIIE LIVER. DROPSY, SLUGGISH
CIRCULATION OF THE BLOOD,
ABSCESSES. TUMi>ItS, JAUN
DICE. SCROFULA. DYS
PEPS1A. AGUE AND
FEVER. OR THE:R;
■CONCOMlTANig*.
DR. WELLS’ EXTRACT GF JDRUBfiBA
is a raort perfect alterative, and is Qf£ered to the,
public as a great invigoratox and remedy for gll
impurities'uf-the blood, hr-for organic weakness
with their attendant evils. For the foregoing
complaints
Dll WELLS’ EXTRACT OF JUKUBEBA
is confidently recommended to every family as n
household remedy, and should be freely taken in
all derangements of the system.
It is NOT A PHYSIC—It is NOT what is popu
larly called a BITTERS, nor is it intended
such; but is simply a powerful alterative giv'ng.
health, vigor and tone to all the vital forces, an&
fortifies all weak and lymphatic tempo aments.
JOHN Q. KELLQCJG, 18 Platt Sr!, New York.
Sole Agents for the United Stitts
Price $1 per Dottle. Send Ipr Circular,
o.ct 5-4w
THE FK^NCII KEMEDV.
r«S;.4J!AKE".S SPECIFIC PIUS.
Prepared by G auanciejce Dupont, NAj. 211
line Lombard, Pari3, and highly-recommend
ed by the entire Medical Faculty ot
France,
Are the very best in all cases of Spermatorrhoea,
or Semin. 1 Weakness; Nightly, Daily or 2Jrcrua
lure Emissions Sexual Weakness cr lingo tmey,
Weakness tu b ing from secret habits and sexual
excesses; Krioxation of ihp rGenitA Organs,
Weak Spine; “Linns” or GBrick-du-a” deposits
in the Urine; “M;Jky Discharges,** &c., and alt,
th^ ghastly train of Symptoms arising fior
Overuse or Excesses.
Tcry Qiirc when all other remedies fail.
Full directions in each box.
Pkick $1 pkTv Box. on C Boxes ioe $b.
Sold by the principal Druggists, or v 1! I
by mail, securely sealed from all. O-hqrroliaii. b. -.r
closing price to” the Sole. Genera’ Ag«ut rov An
lias, 3 OB MOJKS. IS ertia*&■ Sm-1. iv?<o V
F-iV-vihlrrs'of Advice setf* f-.r-'c to n,; «*D?
r l ..v