M5S
Club# of Tea IS 00
TKRMfl OP USUI WKKKI V PtfUjCU IS 00
KM^::::;=:::?IS VOL. XX. WHEELING, W. VA.. THURSDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 14, 1871. NO. 915.
_ Poatsuata! arc requeued to act aa Audita.
For Rent.
T7IOK RKNT-A GOOD DW'ELI.
L1 INU House or six rooms, nnd Hjjg
wati-r. eltuuto ou John struct. I'orn" "ltm
April lit. Apply to 8. L. CtTUBKRT,
declS _ MoaroeitneU
gTE^ENROD IIOL'SE FOltj^
In thorough repair for flrit-clAM Boarding
Hoqhu. Apply at tbo bouiu or to.
duct! QBO. W. THOMPSON.
F?"UENTI ft
The Stirs Uoomi don Occupied by l'i.<MUL
A. L. KltAFT A BItO.,
nov?7 lliHUln bUeot.
uhju it&m.?Tiici Bi'A.UiUUhdpm
L1 lit and 3d story Warorooms aud Hj*|
cellar beneath, ou tho Bast side of Market**
street, and adjoining the Grocery store of R. J.
Smyth, occupied at present by the Messrs. Hubhards
at furniture warerooms. They have a
depth ot 110 feet and a front of 84 feet; thu lower
story front of which Is tilled with plato glass.
The location la No. 1, and reoomxrend* itself to
any huslnuss requiring the space It offers. Possession
tho 1st of April.
nofll WM. PAITON, 4th iUraet.
POH SENT.-THE THIIEE||I|
story Store House and Dwelling, ou H||
Msln street, directly opposite tho Grant*""
House, and at present occupied by Winzenried
Bon, Watchmakers and Jowelcra. To a good
tenant, if desired, the premises will bo material
I yaltered and Improved. Its proximity to tho
Uraut House and suspension bridge make It a
commanding business stand. Possession April
1st. Apply to.
novltf WM. PAXTON, 4th ?treet.
For Sale.
jjlOR SALE
One Largo Sized Safe, In good order. 1 Office
Dusk. Ono Hnull OiHro Desk. 1 set "Express"
ilunifHS 1 let liuggy Harness, Inquire at
PAULL A O&K'H,
ilvcIS No W Mar hat street.
/"\N THE XSbA.N.?-POHSS?
s HALB?A Frame llouseof 4 rooms, ilil
and lot 44 by 116 feet. JUL
docU H. L. CUTHBEHT, Monroo Ht.
rpWBNTY-SlX* ACRES OF GOOD
X Bottom Land, rich coll for garden purposes,
situate 4 miles above Whet-ling. 1'ricu pur
aero. For salu by
_decl2 f h. CUT1IBKRT, Monroo Ht.
AFAHJUJF 110 ACHES IN HI2AVBIt
couuty, Pa., for salu by
decia 8.I, CI'TIIHKHT, Monroe St.
glAM.FOR BALE,
Containing 100 acres, all under cultivation, Ave
lulled from the city, on tlio rldgo between Glen's
Ituu and the Ohio river. No bettor neighborhood
or better laying l'arm In tho county.
dccll L IHNVIN, Agent.
ASSIGNEE'S" HALE.
The undersigned will null at Public Auction to
the hlghes* bidder, commeurlng
TIIl'RSDAY, Ducember 21st, at 10 o'clock a.
nt the Bloro No. ?W Main street. In tho city o(
Wheeling, in low by catalogue. the entire stock
i.r Boots and Hlioes of the late Arm of K. Porter
x Co, This sale otrers to tho merchants ol this
ilty and surrounding country facilities for replenishing
their stock rarely to bo met with, as
there will be found in It most all the grade* of
regular goads sold by the trade, comprising In
pmt Women's Misses' and Children's Leather,
Morocco and Lasting Shoos, Men's, lloja' and
Youths' Boots und Brogans; a very largo assortment
of Men s Calf, Kl|? and heavy Boots, Men's
niul Women's Rubber Overshoes, with many
styles ami patterns of each which cannot be hero
enumerated, c insisting altogether of some three
hundred packages.
catalogues cnu bo procured at the store on the
.law I., II... lull* wlu-n Mil Willi ilfHlro
nitty fiuve an ap|iorturilty ofitirpuctln^tliui^imxIh.
Hnlu positive,and tocontimiu Iroiu day today
until all ia boIiL
Tshmh -Sixty day* rrodlt oil all minis amountlug
to $100 and upwards, for approved note* payable
at hank. It. I'. hTOM,.
decll Amdgnooof It. Porter A Co.
yALE OF KEG UADDV STUFF,
AT Till
KEG ft BARREL FACTORY OF HENRY CRINNELL ft CO.
Wheullng, W. Va.
Will Ijo sold At tho nald Factory, ou 8ATUUDAY,
December Kith, at 10 o'clock a. m., for account
ami risk of tho Van Wert Htavu Company, 1
of Van Wert, Ohio, a lot of Imperfect patent keg
and caddy atnir, how in storo at aald Factory.
doc5 HBNBY QHINWKLL A CO.
LUIZA' JANE ZANK, HAM UKL
.Hi BprlggZane, Cordelia Carr and Mlltou T.
Carr.Nonh wnc, Hotihla Kuston and Alexander i
Kuiton.audI'latoff Zano. k' I
Daniel C. List, Trustee
In Clunccry. Olrcult Court for Ohio county, I
Went Va.
In pursuance of a decreo of said Conrtmado
In thin rauiMi on the SVth day of December, 1870, 1
I will offer for aale, on
FRIDAY, the 15th ilay of December, 1871,
at the front door of tho Court flonse for Ohio
ronnty, Went Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
m the following real estate, lying In tho city of
Wheeling, on the west fildo or ftlnln street, vlr.:
Tho two valuahlo stores now occupied by 1).
A. Adler A Co. and toy I'etcr k. y.inn aim ouiurn, i
ly1111/between the houses occupied by Harbour
?s Dlttman abd B? Kline. Alio the property on 1
Mine sldo of Main street now occupied by tho
shoe store of Richard Porter, adjoining house
owned by J. B. Bhoppard.
Turns or Hai.k?One-fifth of purchaao to bo
paid In cash and tho balance In one. two. three
nod four years from day of pale, with interest,
notes with good security to be glten for the deterred
payments, and deeds of trust, at tho expense
of the purchaser, as further security on 1
the property sold.
noris DANIHli C. LIST, Trustee.
tpXECUTOHB' BALK OP HEAL
Li KSTATB
In pursuance of tho will of Msrthft Knot, deceased,
tho undersigned will, on
I'KIIUT, (hp 15lli dajr or Dec., 1871*
at the front door of tho Court House for Ohio
county, West Va., commencing At 10 o'cldck a.
x soil tho following valuable property, lying on
the west side of Main street In tho city of Wheelln>r,
being lot No. two (i) and part of lot No. ono
(I), being the tamo now occupied by Harbour
Dlttman, by George W. Eckhartand M. 0. Ilane,
ami by the dwelling house formerly occupied by
Mrs. Martha Knox In her life time.
T*h*? or 8ai.??One-fourth of the purchase
money to bfcpftld in orjs inqch more a# the
purchaser* ihiychooso to pay; thu remainder hi
r..... -i ??manii with lnti-ri'?t from dato
payable Bend-tnuuftlly. NegotUMe note* to bo
Klvcn for the deferred Inntnlmentn, to be secured
bj deedlof trunfc and Mtlnfactory Innnranro on
property, nttheoiponie of tho pnrcbMcr.
.TAMRS P. R0CIBR8,
I). C. LIST,
bovI I Bxeentor* of Mirthfc Knox, der:d._
)WRt,MN(l ntiUHK i r
POli BALK
I otT-tr for ralo the hono In which I now re.fafc
Ide, *lttiato on .lohn afreet, a fw doora- Hll
ran of Fifth. The honao In a atlMUntlal Mm.
twnatory brick containing elRht rooma, woMrtca
ninth room and kitchen. and* Itnlahcd
mtlc, with it Rood cellar, hot and cold water In
MtVNtttaa. \h? hOTiao la In *(K>d older and
wall located and In crety war a dealrahlo property.
being hnt a little oyer a aqnaro from the
I'mt Olllcc. There la alao on tho premlaea a good
II It I C K BTABLB,
MfflclcM for fonr hortea, and a carriage honae.
Ativ ,m? ..?rrt,?an CAD GXAmlDti tho
',r;,!"p&,?""'1lrac- ,fIT0 F M^KRMOT.
IHLANI) LOTS FOB BA1.B.
iluvlnc Mid ml tho loin oltcroil ?t $.100 M?ti,
'itppt two,! now offer ten loU fronting on tho
?idc of Rim nnd CheMnnt Mrect* and extending
the rl?cr. Trlro from |S00 to $1,000
Mch. irrordinK to rtte and ,m.f:
on?> fourth ra?h, rofldno in oqnai Installments at
R tn?1l At Top Mill.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PBESS BKPOBT.
Eiciunirolj to the Iatelllgeieer.
(By the Wet Urn Union Lino.
Offlce North-wait cor. ol Mxla and Monro lU.)
THE PRINCE OF WALES.
Still IiiviDK, but Recovery IiiiuonhI*
ble.
New Yohk, December 18.?The ller
aftf.h special, dated Loudon, 12 v. m.,
states that the recovery ol the Prince
appears to be impossible. In caao of hid
death a Council of Hegeucy will probably
be created, composed of the Duke of
Cambridge, Duke of Edinburgh, Princess
of Wales and perhaps others. This
is likely to take place immediately, and
will be followed by a discussion upon
tho power of the present Parliament to
continue its sessions, or whether it is
necessary to the peace of tho country to
prorogue Parliament as on extraordnary
occasion.
NO SIGNS OK IMFKOVBMKNT?CONSTANT
DKUKIUM.
builetlus Unlay arc as follows:
Banijiiingiiam, Dec. 13?8 a. h.?The
l'rinco paasod a restless night. Xo improvement
in his condition. Xoon~Tho
condition ol tho l'rinco at this hour is
unchanged.
London, Dec. 13?a p. m?The Time?
extra contain* tho following
Kings Lynn, hkab Habdiuouam,
Decjmbor 13. j
In tho ci.80 of tho l'rinco, there lias
been no restoration to tho first stages of
convalcscenco, as wo had a right to cxpcct."
Atoltgram tojhe Kcho savs: "Deilrimil
it qpnlttnt, but not violent. Ho does
not rave, but mutters incoherently, hour
after hour, without cessation."
a vbry ?rba?m suspicion.'
London, Dec 13.?'There is a It cling in
some ijfclw that tho oflioial bulletins
nave reproaonwu 1110 coso or iim rrinco
of Wolcs to lie worso than il really is, in
order to rouse sympathy for tlio Prince,
ami mako him popular.
TUB I'lUNCU I.R8S I'NCJUIKT"?HAD
I,UNO SYMPTOMS.
London, Deo. 13^11 p. M,?Tlio bnlletins
issued Irom Hamlriuglrun at 10 p. h.,
Iiy the ujiysiuivis iu attendance upon tlio
I'rinceol' Wales, s:iys Ills Hoynl Highness
has passed a less unquiet evening.
Uiiolllcial dispatches Irom Sandrlugham,
however, mo unfavorable. Tlio Inng
symptoms uro reported to lio most distressing.
tiik 1'AKIKRS AT HOMIIAY i'ltAV KOU him.
Domiiay, Deo. 13.?Tho l'araecs of this
cily liavo oflereil prayers lor the restoration
of the health ot tho Prlnco of Wales.
Iioniion, December i t.?An official dispatch
from Bandringliam, dated ait 1 a. m.,
Bays that tho rrinco of Wales is less restless.
There Is no incronso ol exliatistiou,
anil bo has had some sloop. Tlio Queen
and the Princess Alexandria continue 1
with him. I'rlnco Louis of Ilesso lias arrived
at Handrlngliam.
Tho Turkish Ambassodor went to Handrlngham
yesterday as a representative
oftbo diplomatic body. Tho Illness of
tho Prince creates anxlotv throuirliout
Ireland. Thn Republican* nnJ Demo- 1
nrats of London arc about to Bond letters
of condolence to llio Queen.
Tlio Wharton 1'olsonlnit Case.
Annapolis, December lii?In the
Wharton trial Deputy Marshal Pry testilied
that a person told him in July the
circumstances of Ketchum'fl illness; that
ilic (Mrs Wharton) purchared tartar emetic
during that time; that she Intended
lo go to Kuroiie, but would not until the
matter was cleared up; she offered him
roll or money as a present, which lie
ileclincd. In a subsequent conversation
with Mrs. Wharton, witness questsoned
her closely about the purchanoof tbo tar-
lar emetic, and whether it was kept where
the servants hud accees to it. She elated
lhat it was purchased by Iiersoir and kept
in her pocket, and tire servants could not
get at it. During this conversation,
which occurred three or four times, MrB,
Wharton said that "old gentleman Ketch-
urn was peculiarly in the habit of drug-
King himself, and lie might have taken
the tartar emetic try mistake.' In n con-
versatlon between Friday and Sunday
she again Insisted on giving him the
money. At this time the note was spread
out, and It was a twenty dollar bill,
tvtiirli elm nfTercrl him to hnv lilinself a
ft present.
Hnilronrl Accident! in Indiana.
Tkiihk IIautk, Ind., Dcc. in.?This
afternoon noon after 1 o'clock a heavy
freight train coming east on tlio Indianapolis
HL Louis railroad, ran off an
embankment at Bl. Mary's, instantly killing
John O'Neal, engineer, anil i)aniel
Gnflln, fireman, and nmking a complete
wreck of the engine, tender and fourteen
cars and their contents, including 150
hogs. Homo track repairers had taken
bp a number of rails, and had jtut replaced
them, and spiked all "but two.
These spread when tho engine struck*
them, and tho whole train went over the
embankment, thirty feet liigli, at that
point, with the above results.
A passenger train on tho Indianapolis
it Vincennea railroad struck ami instantly
killed a traveler, namo not known, at the
latter place this evening.
TENNEMEE.
NAsiivir.f.R, December 1.1.?Tho Legislature
has enactor a law fixing tho rate
of tnxatirm af 40 cents on tho one hniidred
dollars' worth of property, and have subjected
many thingA to taxation which
were hitherto untaxed. The revenue
raised under the new law will probably
bo enough to pay tho expenses of the
State, leaving the interest on tlio bonded
ilftlit iinnrnvided for.
PITTSBURGH.
I'irrSDiinoil, Dec. 18.?A. I*. Callow^
(ReiOwaa reelected M?yor of Allegheny
Oity by nearly 4,000 majority.
A. M. Kaulman recently died in tiermany,
leaving nine and a hall millions 1?
Im divided between five nr si* Mint redding
In tliin city.;
?Hon. Wtn. Cox Kills, ex-membef of
C'ongrcaa, a prominent Maaon, and the
oldest member ol the Lyromlng county
liar, died at Mtrtclh, l'a., yenWrtlay- I
CONGRESSIONAL.
Wasiiinuton, December 7.
HOUSE.
Mr. Bamlh reported u bill appropriating
$02,000 for the expenses of the
liritlali and American Claims Commission.
Referred to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. IIooi'KU.oi Utah, introduced a.bill j
granting various land privileges to Utah,
lief erreu.
Mr. Hoa?, from the Commiitco 011 1
Education aud Labor, reported a bill jor I
the appointment by the President, with 1
the advice and consent of the Senate, of
a COIUIUI&MUII Ul iuuu jn'i muia u# UUIU ill
flee for two years, unless their duties shall
have been sooner accomplished, who are
to investigate the subject of wage* and
hours ot labor, and the division of the
joiut profits of labor and capital between
the laborer and capitalist, and the social
education and sanitary condition ot the
laboring classes of the United Stales, and
show how the same are ?llccte<l by the
existing laws regulating commerce, c
linancc and currency. The commissioners
are to receive a salary of ^.OOO each,
and may employ a clerk, and they shall
report the result of their investigations to
tho President, to bo by him transmitted to
Congress. Mr. IIoau addressed the House
in explanation and advocacy ot the bill. r
Mr. Hoau moved to make the bill a
special order lor tho Kith of January, and v
from day to day until disposal of.
Mr. Wood?I object to that. 11
Mr. IIoah?Very well, then, I uiovo to
fout tho bill on its nassago now. 1
Tho bill having been read by tho Clerk, I1
Mr. Kbuk moved to lay it on tho tablo. J1
Tho sricakuii stated tint tho gentle- 11
man iroin Hum., (Mr. IIoau) hud the u
floor. P
Mr. IIoah then proceeded to explain
and advocate the bill. Ho was cpiituHiir? 1
that tho measure, when undersood, would 11
receive the almost unanimous approbation
of tho House. It was well Itnowu that P
from all pflfcts of jLhe couitry and the v
civilized world there la niulp cry of discontent
from tho laboring classes. In tills
country tho laboring classes were u State 81
itself. Conflicts ought not to bo afraid ol d
light. Let tho Hick bo brought into sun* r1
light and they would yet bo well, llo did .J'
not piaoe tli i hill on tho judgement or re- 11
commendation ol the committco alouo. A
Tho Hlight expenditure proposed was duo P
to tho Judgement of tho laboring classes 11
themselves. Tills party iu his own State Jj
last .summer had rccoiumcndcd tho pas; 11
sago ot this very bill, and had, although
politically opposed to the Republican n
party, expressed its gratification and J
rospi'ct lor Unit party, in con- sequence
<?1 its giviug attention to l]
thin mutter. The Grand International 11
Association of Workiugmen are an or- a
gani/.alion which pervaded Europe, and 11
which wan making its voice heard and its
power Tell everywhere, and had also ask* 'J
ed of Congress this special moasuro, He 11
was not competent to express an opinion ll
on tiio historical question oi the Com* 0
mime. Of tho events which took place
in Paris Inst summer, the other side of l'
the story had not been heard, but one v
tiling wan known that there was it cause 1
in existence and.an objijet hi view, which
had fed tlieso working people in Paris, Sl
young men and young women in the a
morning of life, uot merely from the Igno-
rant or oppressed classes, hut from the 11
classes of culturc, of family ties, in some 11
eases, of wealth, to godown to their death
calmly, heroically, and cheerfully as ever
a bridegroom went to his marriage feast;
and he did not buHevo that the cause J.'
which had inspired {such heroism 11
was a cause which was not entl- v
tied to the respect of Americans eve- n
rywhere. Tho International.Association 1
nf Kurnnonn and American workimrmen
had little to reaped for having estafilish- 11
ed relationship and recognized kindred u
among man of all nations P
Mr. Dawks expressed surprised that 1
Messrs. Kkuh and Wood should have
raised objection to the bill, and that they j'
had uot had their attention called to the
r.ict that no subject wad looming up in the
near future that demanded more care from
legislators than tlio question of the recon- 11
ciliation ol labor and capital. 1 le hoped 0
that his friend from Indiana (Mr. Kuiut) 0
would withdraw the motion to lay the a!
bill on the table, and either consent to al
having a single day set apart for its eonlideration,
or else permit its passago at
Mils time. P
Mr. Iv.ku.ky, of Pennsylvania, thought
that Congress should authorize the ap? M
pointment of the proposed Commission. J1
This government could not afford to per-
nit tho laboring people ol any portion of P
tho country to (all into the condition of l'
Iho laboring people of England, France K
*nd Austria or ol Bolgium Congress
should look to it that they whoso skill p
ind toil open mines and coal banks, and
convert the ores into all forms of utility r.'
and beauty; those who shear sheep and
wash wool and spin and weavo it; those J<
who convert, apparently, tho arid field
into cotton and its useful aijd beautiful v
fabrics, shall not live in Ignorance nor in
want. Their toil and fesoUfCes and cap- [1
Ital were quite enough to banish poverty j|
from the land, except as tho result oi
Intemperance. tl
The morning hour Laving expired, the v
bill went over. I1
Mr. llAiiEr, from the Committee on
Public Buildings, reported a bill appro- f
nriating $2,000,000 for the erection ol pub- tl
lie buildings at Chicago. Referred to P
tho Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. Wrt.i.s, from the same committee, 0
reported a bill appropriating $250,000 for v
like purposes in t. Louis, which was also e
similarly referred.
The House then commenced to discuss f
tho aprtortlonuient bill, but aftM* a long i(
discussion inTominitteoof'tho Whole, of f
no public interest or importance, the Com- c
inittce rose without taking action on it.
Mr. Handaix, from tho Committee on t
Rules, reported a new rule, that tho n
Hpeaker appolfit n territorial delegate on d
the Committee on Territories, and the
delegate from the District of Columbia a
on the Commltteo l*>r the District of t
Columbia, such delegates, however, not
to have the right of voting in the Com- I
mittee on Rules, which was agreed to,
and tho flpeaker thereupon appointed Mr.
Chaffee, of Colorado, as a member of the
Cominitteeon Territories, and Mr. Chap
mnmhnr ftf tho Committee for t
Uic District of Columbia.
House adjourned.
HENATF..
Tlicbill introduced by Mr Titmtnn i.
to bfo?iding for the condemnation ot the f
purchase under the statute of Illinois of p
the remainder ol tho Custom llouse block,
In Otitoii?", or a Mock within two mpiarrs t
iteteot on which to erect n niiw tlmern-
ment building lit total cost of >,000,-
000?f2,000,ij00 of which the bill proposes
to Appropriate immediately. n
House bill appropriating money for the
taking of the lam sensu* pasied.
Mr Anthony oflited a resolution lor
standing committee of investigation and i
retrenchment to consist of seven numbers
be elected by the Senate, and have power
to investigate and report upon sucti subject*
us maybe committed to it by the
Senate.
Mr. CassBkly contended that tbocommitiee
proposed by Air. Artuony would
be a mere nullity, bavins no power to originate
an investigation, lie liud beard of the
House's action connected with one of the
lighest departments and as a tit subject
or investigation, but would not take it
ipon himself to move for an investigation
inless there were a committee like that
)ropoicd by Mr. Trmbull, with the pow;r
to originate an investigation.
Air. Trumbull moved to amend by a
irovUion directing Urn committee to iujuire
into expenditures in all branches of
he government service, and whether any,
ind if so what, ofllces ought to be abolish :d
and what salaries or allowances ought
o be reduced. <fcc. Also Hiving it power
i) sit during the recess of Congress.
.Mr. HmiitsiAN lavorcd tlie original resoution.
1 t uny Senator knew ol any utilises
to could easily have them referred to the
:onunittee.
Mr. Wilson favored both propositions.
Mr. Tuukxan favored the amendment,
,iul said that If the committee should
lave power to investigate only such
harges us might be referred to it by the
ienate, it would be useless as a means of
eforming the public service.
Mr. Titusiiiutx said If tho Senators
mo in earnest in their desire to correct
buses in the public servit s, they would
lot hesitate to create a committco with
ulllcicnt powers.
Mr. Edmuniib said that, considering
lie number ol persons employed la thu
tUbllc. serf ice and their duties, the adillustration
ol the Government for the
1st three years would couiparo favorlily
lor cllleioncy and purity with any
revious administration whatever, even
'hero was, therefore, no need lor a comlittcu
with extraordinary powers.
Mr. Tiiuhman said there were many
ersous throughout the country who
ronld not take the round and whiterushing
statements of Mr. Edmunds for
10 purity and efllciency of the public
urvice. ilo would require further evieifce.
The Senate might either pass a
L'Holutlon wlilcli would indicate a real de
iro to discover and expose the abuses, or
might p^ss tho pending resolution of
fr. Anthony, Which would show the
coplu that the defects and corruptions in
lie government service were to bo whitewashed
aud covered. The country would
old tho party in tli? majority, responsible.
Mr. Sciiunz remarked that this was
ot by any means a new pro|x>sition. It
Mia merely u proposition on tho part of
rr.'TftimqpLi. to ruvivotho old commit;o
on retrenchment, armed with powers
lat made the old committee so useful
nil elllcient. Tho Senator Irom Verinnt,
Mr. Komundn, had Laid tho Senate
iat the civil service had Improved greatr
under the existing administration, and
ndoubtedly it hud, yet, in the whole hisDry
o( the country, it would be difllcult
r impossible to find four consecutive
ninths during which ?n?uny defalca<>ns
and ?einbe/.zleineuts by public serants
have Jjpen brought to light its in lite
nil Igtur months. Most ol these cases
ad been discovered, too, without carelul
uarcn <?r lnvmignimn; uiuy imu uuuu
hno:>t, htutiihliMl upon, ami therefore it
run lair to infer Unit 11 carelui inventi^aoii
would expose u great many more
ow bidden.
Novy, gentlemen, I tell you whatever
lay lie said ol tlm improvement* that
aye taken place, the people ol
io United States are Htartled at the
couency and enormity of the disclosures
ditch are made from day to da v. Do
ot give yourselves up to any delusions on
10 subject. The American people are on
10 point of demanding honest governlent,
and they want to have all the
mans used lor that object that arc comntiblo
with the laws of the country,
'hey demand the exposure and overirow
ol corruption, regardless of the
itercstsof any party or of any person,
t Beems to mo we are standing at the
ircshold of a moral revolution that bids
lir to go beyond the overthrow ol Tarninny
llall. "in that revolution the science
I how not to it will bo of very little
vail; neither will cheap declama'iot.s
gainst corruption in tho abstract, or
gainst the sinfulness of ntn in general
rid tho beauty ol virtue, avail much,
/e have hftd enough of all that. The
uoplo will not much longer take that
>e wish to servo the poujitry and comland
its confidence, we will liavo to uiako
clear to the country tliiit we huto no
arty pwro than we hate corruption, run]
mt we lova no parly more tliun we love
ood government.
Jlr. Oonki.ino?The questionliofore the
enato la whether committee libout to
0 created shall bo created In the ordina1
way, or shall Up Riven, powers of an
itraorilinary character. It la no credit
j the Republican,party, or to any memor
ol It, to profess to lie unwilling to Inestlgate
Its administration ol' aflalra and
i purlly whatever Is found to need purlcation,
for I undertake to say tlmt never
l American history was tliero a party
hat had leas to doter It from a rigid invesIgatlon
and more to tempt It to go forrard.
The strtnglh of tho Republican
nrty resides largely in the lactthat it is
bio and willing to purify and purge itselt.
le rcfeVred to tho Ilodgo caso aa evidence
hat tho Kepublican party means to hold
iiiblic servants to a strict accountability.
Mr. Morton declared hlnisell In favor
f Sir. Anthomt'b rcaolullon, because It
i'ns broader than Mr. Tnmtinil.t.'s and
mbfaccd all matters relating to retrenchtent,
lie alsoapoke of the extraordinary
urity of the present administration and
i? nronintnoss in iiunishing derelictions
if duty in its officer*, ami cited the Hodge
ase fia nn illustration.
Mr. Cassrrly nskcil whether the .Senaot
Irortl Indiana (MoRtotf) could mention
ny other case of prompt punishment of a
leraultef.
Mr. Moiiton 6aid ho did not remember
ny at the momenf, but ho wduld venture
ho aiseition that wherever there had been
defalcathm brought to the knowledge of
lie administration, the defaulter had been
lunished.
Mr. Cassrri.y?How about Pension
Lgent Lawrcnco and Collector Barly
Mr. Morton?They ran away before
hey were found out.
Mr. Cassrrly?Is it an evidence of
'igil/ince for the government to lei its rasj\ls
get away Tho Democrats of New
fork did not let Tweed run away.
Mr. Morton called attention to the
iict that men who committed defalcations
[rnerally wrro not of a class that could be
veeded out by any system of civil service
cform, because they were intelligent and
iccompliahcil men, who emild undergo
my examination successfully.
Without reaching n vote the Senate
iiljoumeil.
?At Belmont, New York, nn oak pail
ompany'a factory was bnrneil, Tuesday
light. I.oss 10,000; insured.
WASHINGTON.
W asuikoton, December 1!).?The Commissioner
of luternul lteveuue slates lliut
no assessment will be made against aiatillers
for Christmas day, provided that all
work is suspended on that day.
Thu Republican Senators were again in
caucus this morning for two hours. The
result of their deliberations is that a Commirteu
on Retrenchment lie apiwinied thu
same as other committees, but not jointly
with tho house, nor with the powers that
are contemplated in Senator Sumner's
resolution. The resolution oliered by
Mr. Anthony in the Senate this morning
id the one agreed upon at the caucus of
Republican Senators held just previous
to the meeting of the Senate.
The following nominations were sent
to the Senate to-day: Assessors of Internal
lievenue?A. B. Carroll, for the 2d
District of Miisouri; J. H. Ross, for tlic
5fh District ol Indiana. Postmasters?
J. 8. Pollock, Little Rock, Ark; C. P.
Collin, Madison, Ind. L. II. Alden, Heiristcrol
Land Office, Stevens' Point, Wis.
1). L. Swann, Receiver of Land Ofllce,
Stevens' Point, Wis.
The United States and British Commission
resumed their session to-day. In
the case of John llolmes Hanna ru the
United States the Commissioners decide
that the United States cannot bo held
liable for injuries caused by the acts of
rebels.
The House Committee on Appropriations
report a' bill .appropriating $23,000
to cover the deficiency of P. A. McCartney,
Disbursing Clerk of the PostOfllce
Department.
Gen. Scbenck, our Minister to England,
having accomplished his purpose with
reference to the treaty of Washington,
and regarding his personal interests here,
una iujuuovcu tuu i jvain v 111 ill imuio inn
successor anil cull him homo.
CUU'A(iU*
Chioaoo, December 13.?It in assorted
by several of the oily Journals that sov-
oral, it not all, the persons appointed to
office by the Common Council on Monday
night, wore approacM by certain Aldermen
and required to put up a money con- j
federation to ticciirn thgr success, and
that only tho.su vrho did so got tho places.
Several unsuccessful candidates make
public statements, and declaro their
willingness to mako affidavit* of the fact
that money was demauded ot them
by tho Alderincnt, and that on
their declaring their refusal or inability
to put up tho sum required, thoy were
emphatically told that they could not
have tlio placcs. An Investigation Into
these serious charges Is demanded by the
papers.
.lainofl I). Huimion, for many years
literary and dramatic editor of tho Chi*
fflgo time*, will soon leavo for an extend-
cd tour through the South and Went India
Inlands. lie goes for tho benefit of
liin health.
The Noiitli Carolina Ku-Klu* Trials.
Nkw YoitK, December l:i.?A Columbia,
fcJ. C., dispatch states that the Governmeat
\vitnesne8 ngainst Legaim, Foster
and Mitchell, eliurged with conspiring
against the Government, detailed tho lull
secrets of the Kit lClux ol South Carolina.
They gave accounts ol seven diirerent raids
with their concomitanta of r^|>inev negro
whipping and disgusting brutality.
Coi.umaia, ti. C.. December 13.?In the
Kii Klux Court to day a witness confessed
that he was a member of the Klan,
which was formed in 1808, for self-defense
and to prevent incendiarism in the
town of Yorkvillc, which was threatened
to bo/lestroyed by negroes, and many tin
houses had already been burned. The
defense produced witnesses to show the
urgent need ol tho organization for defensive
purposes.
ALBANY.
Ai.iiany, December 111.?At a meeting
of the Kxceutivo Committee of the Hlato
Council of Political Reform a resolution
was auopieu mat aiuuo r<ow loritomcinlfl
implicated in frauds bo prosecuted j
criminally and civilly, anil that the Legislature
amend the constitution prohibiting
sectarian appropriations.
The International delegates met the
Qovcrnor this afternoon relative to the
funeral parade.
Gov. Iloflman to-day informed tho
committee of the New York Interoatlon*
als hat he cold not determine what
course to purfluo in regard to tho contein- r
plated parade until lio heard from the
(Milice authorities.
Railroad Conference nt Indianapolis
Indianapolis, December 1U.?A meet- y
ingof tho officers of all the rnilroad cen- t
terlng in this city, together with several
ol the prominent officials ol tho Pennsylvania
Central and Cleveland, Columbus,
Cincinnati Indianapolis Ilailroads, was
held In this city to-day for the purpose of j
making arrangements for the enlargement
of tho present Union Passenger J)epot,
or tho building ol a now one; also for in-
creasing the facilities for tho transfer of
freights. iTho result of the.conference i
has not fully transpired, but it is believed
a plan has been agreed upon for the en-
largement of tho present depot and the t
building of additional trncks through the
city for tho transfer of freight.
Movement* of Alexis.
Mo.ntrkai., IJeccmber 13.?The reception
of Aleils, by lils own request, will bp
incognito, anil the proposed bull will not
be giver), on account of the illness of the
Prince of Wales.
Mit.wAUKBB, December 1!!?Minister
G'atacazy telegraphs Mayor Lnddlngton
tlmt the Grand Duke will visit Milwaukee
about the ltd of January. Suitable preparations
ate being made for his reception
anil entertainment worthy his rank and
the country he represents.
(iorernor Palmer and the Military at
Chicago.
WAsiiWoTok, December 111.?'The representation
from Gov. Palmer, of Illinois,
who is in Washington endeavoring to t
secure the removal ol troops front Chicaf;o,
says the government arc anxious for
I, and if it is not done lie will fulminate
another proclamation.
RAN FRANCISCO.
Bah Francisco, I)pc. 13.?The voto
in the Republican legislative caucus, i
which was taken late last night, stood:
For Senator, Largent,54 Cole, lit; Fel
ton,!l; Phelps, Is Hale, 1. Sargent's
Iriends arc rejoicing greatly; as his nomination
is equivalent to election. i
Fire *1 rhcycnnc.
CitF.vKNNK, December 13.?A lire,
thought to hare originated Irom a defective
tine, totally destroyed the Railroad i
Hotel ol this place last night. The (urnituro
was saved In a moreor less damaged i
condition. i
NEW YORK CITY.
Nkw York, Decembor Itf.?At Uio
Republican primary election last night
disorderly scenes occurred iu several ol
the district*. The police had to be called
iu to preserve order.
Judge Cardo/.o, of the Supreme Court,
yesterday decided that au insane husband
may bring suit for a divorce ugaiust
his wife by his next frieud.
It is proposed to mako the olllce ol
Hc'K'ister, which is now worth in fees
$7,500 per year, a salaried ollice at $5,000
per annum.
It is slated that on investigating the n!
fairs of the Ocean National Hank, the
only assets in tho bank were $00,000, ot
which $73,000 were checks ol the United
Htates Hank Examiner, Callendar, covered
by notes ot the mining, canal and
other miscellaneous stocks at the West,
entirely unknown in this market, and
comparatively worthless. The $75,000
advanced to Callendar were used to
build a canal in Michigan. The Receiver
promises a statement to day.
A number of unpaid laborers yesterday
made threats against Comptroller Ureeu
and Paymaster Cady on account of the
non-payment of wages. Tho laborers allege
that their families arc suffering for
fuel and food. Tho cause ol the trouble
is that the pay rolls are withheld at
Tweed's department.
Tho Eighth National IUnk, which is
not a regular number of the assessed
banks, was to-day refused further accommodations
by tho Hutchcrs and Drovers
Hunk. The last statement ot tho Eighth
National was: Assets, $155,000; liabilities
$38-1-100. Conlidenco seems to bo shaken in
tho outside banks by thu disclosures allowing
tlrnt tho Hank Examiner, Cullender,
had boon using tho money ol tho Ocean
Hank to build the Portage Canal. There
are ruumrH that two ouiQr banks arc in
a ditllculty, but it U not verilled.
New YoitK, Dofteutoer lJJ.rrThe huhpension
ot the tllk National ISunk has
been announced.
H. H. Phillips, of Princeton, had his
pooket picked ot Hlxtccn thousand dollars
in a Broadway fttago yentorday aftcrnoou.
The body found In East River on Monday
proves to be tlmt of 8. B. Turkington,
formerly a merchant and once n candidate
lor the muyorality ot' tiun Francisco.
Thu statement of tho Receiver of the
Ocean Hank, to-day, shows the liabilities
to be ft.IJ10.000; assets $2,000,000. 01
the latter $1,01)0,000 are good.
A collision of u pilot boat with a ferry
bout this morning gave rise to unfounded
reports of serious disasters on East river.
The stock of tho Ocean Hani; Hold at
20 per cent today agaiast 80 per cent two
lavs ago.
Ht. Petersburg papers received to day
by thu ship .Tuva express 'great satisfaction
at the reception given to tho Grand
Duke. The German papers ridicule the
reception.
At noon to-day a report obtained clrcu
intiuii in inuimrm nun luvjMgiiui nntionul
Hank was in a difllculty. On inquiry
at tho Clearing House it wiib ascertained
that this bank in not a member of
the Association, but diil its clearances
through tho Hutchers' and Drovers' liank.
Upon inquiry among llio Wall street
Imiika it showed that there was good
foundation fur the rumor?that the
Hoteliers' and Drovers' Hunk had this
morning discontinued their accommodations
to tho Eighth National Hank,
Tho statement of 8th National Hank on
Saturday showed the lollowing: Assets,
egnl-tenders, $155,200; liabilities, depoiUe
|DWi,'IOO; circulation $250,000. Hmco the
liselosures in the Ocean Hunk case, where
imong the assets, was included a $70,000
3heck of Callander, Hank Examiner,
in tho Portage Canal, security and conflleuco
has been sliuken in tho weekly
itutcmcnUot the banks, uud a close investigation
is being mauo into their truo
^hiiracter. The
Clcariug House Association has relolvcd
that Hank Examiner Callenderhas
reused to command tho conlldcncc ol tho
mnks, and ask tho Comptroller of the
^urrcucy iu uppguu boiiiu oiiu in ma piucu.
11. Davenport, of Brooklyn, had his
vttket picked to day of $0,000 In Govsrnment
bonds.
Tho Grand Central Depot and the
wilding of tho Franklin Manufacturing
Jompany.on Mill street, Patterson, N. J.,
arero burned this morning. Loss f 150,K)0.
Largely insured in New York City
mil Ilarttoru companies.
At 2 r. m. to day the Erie Railway
Company restored 50,000 shares of Erie
itock claimed by English bondholders.
Hie certificates were handed to Commis*
iloner White, -who transferred them to
he counsel for tho claimants. The renalniug
10,050 shares claimed by Gould
t FisU as their personal property, are
still held subject to reference to decide
lie ownership.
HAVANA.
Havana, December 18.?A document
las been issued by prominent insurgents
who havo lately surrendered to tho gov rnment,
and which is signed by two
llecios Handivnr, several Atpieros, three
llorros Jietaucourt Metchor liernal, two
V'aronas, and over 3,200 others of less imwrtahce.
It is dated Puerto Principe,
indsays: "In future we will adhere to
lie throne of Spain and are now disused
o uid the government. Wo have seen
mr illusion vanish because the country
ailed to Biinnort us and foreigners failed
onondusnhl. Tho government of Hpain
s now sufllciently strong U? maintain the
ntegrtty c?f her territory. Not ft house is
eft standing in the whole country between
Ii09 Turns nnd Morftn and the desolation
hut prevftilfl in terrible. Fifteen thousand
nsur^cnts hftvc surrendered during the
;>ast year in the central department, and
hey state, individually nnd collectively,
Ifnt they nre reftdy to perform whatever
lilty tnoy im re(|iiircd ol tlictn ns fl*od
urn honest Spaniards.
MEXICO.
Revolutionary Operation* on the
Northern Frontier.
Nrw York, Dec. Mntamoraa
medal satri the merchants nnd foreigners
here have refused to respond to the call
or ft loan of $40,000. (Jen. Cortina is !>eicved
to he acting secrectly with the
({evolutionists. There are no funds in
he government treasury at Matamoras,
ind it is lielioved that the road to the City
if Mexico will soon he closed by the
[{evolutionists, nnd n body of devolutiontionists
from Monterey and Haltillo, in he
icved to ho marching on Matamoras.
uirer news.
CAltio, Im?, December 1.1.?Arrived?
[Juirkstcp, Evansville fit 10 i*. m City of
Vickshurg, Victublirg, i\t 1 a. m Indiana,
New Orleans at 11:30 a. m.s flhrevc, Red
River nt noon. Departed?UuickiUft),
Rransvllle. atjl a.m.; Bt- Joseph,Memphis,
it noon. Cloudy and cold.
Cin< r.nxatr, t Wee. 13.?River f> feet,
ind about stationary. Weather cloudy but
moderate, with a tendency to prow colder.
FOBEIG3ST.
RUSSIA.
Personal Colludon betweeu the
Czarowitch uud the (lerman Miiunfer.
London, Dcc. HI.?A special from tit.
Petersburg, stales that yesterday tho Czarowitcii
Alexander, iu a quarrel assaulted
Prince Dcrcuss, the German Minister.
Friends interfered ami tho parties were
seperated. Tho incident caused great oxcitcment,
although there is uo reason to
apprclicud auy iuterruptiou of tho good
relations between liustfia and Germany
as tlie quarrel is. believed to bo wholly
personal.
mn ....u w.v
Southern India and Ked Sea cable announces
the successful observation of the
total eclipse of the suu in Iho southern
hemisphere.
EN(iLANi)*
London, Dec. 1JI?The Hritinli Foreign
Otllce has sent instructions to all its agents
abroad to investigate the organization of
tbo various branehes of the International
Society in the countries to which they are
respectively accredited, and report them
to the Government.
The strike ol the telegraph operators is
dying out. The men are returning to
work in all the principal cities wituout
accomplishing their object, and tbo movement
has proved a failure.
PIIANCG.
I'acib, December 111.?An accident,
the Bologno tidal train, on tho Northern1
railroad, near Huvilliura. Seven persons
were injured nnd the locomotive destroyed.
SPAIN,
Madiud, December 1ft.?Thoro is a
rumor tlint u ministerial crisis is approaching,
and that the dissolution of the
Cortes is imminent.
New II11 m pub ire Democratic Convention*
Concohi), N. II., December 12?Midnight.?A
meeting of tlie State Committee
and delegates to the Democratic State
Convention, which meets here to-morrow,
was held to-night. The session was spent
in discussing the |K>litical prospects ol the
party iu the approaching campaign.
Prominent men from different sections ot
tho Htiito wcro prcaent and expressed
their views on the situation, which they
deem luvoruhlo to the party. Tho meeting
wnh presided over by Hon. Francis
It. Chime.
CoNcout), Dec. 13.?Tho Democratic
Beato Convention met hero to day. Pending
the organization the platform and
resolution* wcro prepared. The resolutions
declaro, 1st, that the party is pledged
to a perpetuity of tho Union, a strict obedience
to the Constitution and an honest
enforcement of the laws. 3d. Protection
of the rights of every citizen in accordance
with the fundamental law. :id.
Opposition to every specieH of corruption
in all departmentsol municipal, State and
national government. 4th. No privileged
clawesand no privileged capital. 5th. A
tarill that raises money lor tho necessary
expenses of tho Federal Government and
not for tho benefit of monopolists. The
resolutions further denounce the establishment
of martial law ntthc South as unconstitutional
and atrocious; advocato reforms
in the civil service of tho Government
and reafllrm tho confidence of the
party in Gov. Weston, pledging him its
support for roelection.
.lames A. Weston was re-nominated for
Governor by acclamation. Henry Colony,
of Kceno county, was nominated for Hailroad
Commissioner.
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati. December 111.?The Haiti
mora and Boston dolegates, en route homo
from tho National Hoard of Trade Convention
al 81. Louis, wcro present on
'Change in this city, to-day. Air. Iloper,
of Boston, made a short address, in which
lie referred to tho Convention, and said
ho had no douht much good would come
of it.
The Boston and Baltimore delegates to
tho National Board of Trade wcro taken
to the suburbs this afternoon and entertained
at the residences of two or three
proininont citizens.
All efforts to procure a jury lor the
trial of Tom Mcflchan, at Dayton, have,
thus far, failed.
The prisoners in the Shelby county, O.,
jail had all their arrangement# completed
liifit evcuitig for a general jail delivery,
but wero frustrated by a boy who made
tho discovery and imparted his information
to the sheriff.
The English Opera season closed here
to night. It has been tho longest and
most brilliant ever attempted In Cincinnati,
but not lucrative. Pareppa has been
so Indisposed for three days that she
couldn't appear. A scries of grand orchestral
concerts by home musicians was
inaugurated to-day.
Arrests Tor Murder nt Salt Lithe City.
bat/r IjAkb, December 10.?Alex. Dure,
James Stoma ami John 8. Dlvthc wcro
nrrcsted this morning by the United Btates
Marshal on a warrant charging them
witli the murder of 1). Robinson in Octo
her, 1800. It will ho remembered that
Robinson \riu assassinated at midnight in
ft public street ol this city with ft slung
shot find pistol.
Considerable excitement was occasioned
to day by the arrests lor the murder of
I)r. Robinson. The accused wore remanded
to jail to ftwnit ft hearing tomorrow
befofd Judgo McKenn. The
prisoners are nil Mormons, and the oflleers
assert positive evidenco of their guilt.
The deceased wns killed In front ol his
own house, having been called out on the
pretense that lie was wanted professionally.
tt
The retention of Gen. Mux well ns Hogister
of the Land Office Is highly gratifying
to the (Jentiles, hut disgusting to the
Mormons.
The Pioneer Mining ami Funnelling
Company has been incorporated with ft
nf ftiOOOOO
There were heavy operations to-day in
coal mining, claim bonds and deeds,
amounting to over $500,000.
The Total Eclipse Monday*
London, Dec. 18.?A. paity of observers
of the total eelipsool the sun on the
southern hemisphere report that the photographs
of theearona obtained are perfect,
and the result must be conclusive of the
several points repnrded by modern astronomers
ns needinp more thorough
demonstrations.
I? s
Convention of Railroad Mcu ill St.
Louis?The Dead lleud SyMlcui
Considered.
Sr. Louih, December 13.?-A meeting
of railroad officers of ciuitu a uumber of
western roads, was held here yesterday
to modify the evils of the free pass system.
it whs decided that the iuim) re?inrocal
annual passes between otttcers
or umneetiug roads should be given, aud
I to traveling stents or employees of
other roads nUall be grauted only on a
letter from the President, ^superintendent
1 or other generui managing officer, for
each particular ease, ana only for business
purposes. Hall iare tickets to clergymen
shall be issued only to those liv
lug uu iuu iiuu III uie ruau, auu naviug
no other occupation than preaching.
Pusses for purely charitable purposes may
lie given. All passes are to be signed by
the President, General Superintendent or
general managing otllcer of the road giving
the passes. Passes shall not bo given
to shippers of freight, hotel keepers or
clerks. One man may be passed with
alock for ono or two care, two men for
three to seven cars, and three men lor
eight or more cars, but no return passes
will be given.
A committee was also appointed to
call a meeting of Presidents, Superintendents
or other general managing olllcera of
the western and southern railroads, to be
held January 10th next, for the purpoao
of organizing an association of bucIi officers
tor the advancement of tho railroad
management and railroad interests
throughout the West und South.
MlSHOIJKl.
Liberal Republican Caucus at Jeflrrnon
City*
St. Louis, Dec. 13.?Tho Republican'i
.TctFeraon City special says: Tho Liberul
Republican caucus to night, was attended
by eighteen members of tho llouso.
Ameetingof the State Liberal Committee
will bo held Friday night. Tho resolutions
prepared for presentation to tho
caucus were, therefore, deferred. Speeches
were made by Lieut. Gov. Gravelly
and several others, all of whom avowed
their determination to adhere to tho principles
enunciated by the liberal party last
fall, ami denounced tho policy of Gen.
Grant.
Lieut. Gov. Gravelly said that ho heartily
endorsed tiie principles upon which
Gov. Urown was elected, and expected to
act with the Liberal Republicans. He was
opposed to uniting with tho Democratic
or Republican parly, unless they endorsed
his principles.
Mr. FVost said he would co operate with
that party which puis forward tho candidate
ho thinks would most likely succeed.
Tho other speakers accorded with these
views, and Irero in laver of the Missouri
policy. Tho caucus adjourned to meet
I again on Friday evening.
Tl?? Wentlier To-Iiuy.
Wab Drpartmrmt,
O/rici or tiik (.'hiki* Hional UrrwKH,
\Vahiiin?tdn, 1). V., Dec. 11-7:30 v. m.
I'KOIIAIIIMTIKH.
Tlio barometer will probably ri?o
throughout the Missouri valley, but fall
on Tliuradiiv in the Gulf const. Cloudy
weather will prevail from Kentucky north
unci eastward with; snow; though very
generally from Indiana to Maine the
lowest barometer will advance northeastward
over New England, proceeded
by Increasing easterly winds, and followed
on Thursday by fresh north-west winds
and cloudy weather in tlio Middle and
Eastern States. Cloudy weather will
continue on the Quit'coast, cloudy weather
and a rising temperature In the interior
of the Gull and Southern States. Cautionary
signals will continue at Cape
May, New York, Oswego and Rochester.
The Policy of the Democratic Managers.
Nrw York, December 13.?The 7Smtf
Washington correspondent says that various
consultations have been held bv the
Democrats, and it hasbeon deckled to do
nothing in the way of promulgating any
policy until after they Imvo had opportunities
of consulting with their followers
during the holiday recess.
People Ntnrving on Turk's Island*
Nkw York, December in.?Arrivals
Irom the West Indies stato that vessels
pausing Turk's Island have been boarded
Irom there with the request to bring cargoes
in free of duty, us the inhabitants
were starving.
Vice President Colfax Obdurate.
Nkw Yoiik, December 13.?A special
to the Time* from Washington says that
Vice President Coltsx has intormed
many prominent Republicans who hove
questioned him on the subject that he
cannot withdraw his refuBsl to be considered
a candidate for renominatlon.
Ship News.
Nkw Yohk, December 1.1?The steamships
City of London, and Dutchland
have arrived out. The ^learners England
and Java from Liverpool have arrived.
Hamfax, N. h., Dec. 18.?Tho steam
ship llaldille, from Liverpool for Philadelphia,
hns arrived here short or coal.
Mr. iirrntt ifc-eiecieu rresldent of
the II. A o. II. R. Compnnf*
Hai.timohf., December 13.?-At a meeting
of tlin Board of Directors of the Hal11
more Ohio Railroad today J. W.
Garrett was unanimously re elected President.
This makes his fourth eleetion as
President.
?Reports received from the Cuban
sugar district relative to the now crop are
very favorable. The cane is yielding well.
?A leading New York Fenian states
that there Is no truth In the reported
movement of the Fenians in England in
case of the Prince of Wales' death.
T WANT HUPPMKD.
To itippljr a want felt for a real genuine good
article of Soap It a roftflonnhto prlco, the ander
fllgncd I* now manufacturing miclt an article, aa
all teitlfy who havo fecn and nacd
The Favorite 8oap,
Mannfactnrpd by B. RBID, Whaling, W. Va.
I claim that It cannot he ezcellod, let. In pnrl
t? and quality; 2d, In economy, became It la
firm and hard aa aoon as made and will not ahrlnk
when exposed to the atmoiphere, like most
noapado. It will therefore wa?h half aa mnrh
more Mine soaps now in mar*''' ni inn nmn
price; 3<lt For perfect ion In washing. Yonmnst
WMh with pnro, clean mmp, or yon cannot have
clean, white clothe*. f0* FavorUt Snap and
yon will hav* no more trouble jetting yonr
clothe* whim *nd ran It left, and guarantee that
It will not Injure the skin or the most delicate
fabric*. 4th, I claim for It an advantage orer all
others In that It will boar leaving In water for R
or 10board without Injnrlng It. Other soaps are
rendered useless by forget ting them In the tub
or ba*ln after using. Please enonlre ol ronr
grocer for the Favorite Soap, and yon will be
convinced that It la the bent.
Captioh.?Bach bar l? stamped "Mlntri' and
M*chnr!ct' Farorift 8om, manufactured by F.
Fri t mttling. IV, Ya.
Manufactured and sold at wholesale by
EDWARD RKID,
Bospsnd Handle Manufacturer,
||angff Wheeling. W. Va.