—-J _
ON THK UK -IT TRACK.
We have received several copies of th.
New Orleans National Republican, a now
administration paper recently started in
that city.
It is merciless towards Warniouth and
his party, who are, doubtless, guilty of
many charges preferred against them by
the Republican.
It goes in for reform, and such au one,
too, as many of tho .Southern States have
long needed. While many Republican
journals are jubilant over the fate which
has overtaken Tweed and his a-sociates,
but few of them have recognized the neces
sity which demands the arrest and punish
ment of those who have plundered our sis
ter States. .\'hen we shall have fully
awakened to the necessity of putting in
office honest men only, and denouncing and
punishing the dishonest, then may we ex
pect, not only the .Southern people, but the
better class of tho North, to regard us u-i
proper custodians of the christian principles
of Republicanism.
Virginia, we are glad to believe, is com
paratively free from these unprincipled
adventurers—they being pretty generally
cleaned out, but the thieves and rogues of
our neighboring States, gave to our political
enemies, the opportunity, however wrong,
to make considerable capital against us in
the late election. We go for a cleaning up
shower, and trust our new exchange mil]
yet live to accomplish great good in this
direction.
CRIPI'LED.
Speaki.vu of Rohemia, we never associated the
editor of lhe Whit/ wilh I hat country ws always
assigned him to Switzerland.— K-nqnirer.
Without having had anything to do with
the quarrel which has been going on be
tween our neighbors, we must be excused
for saying the above is decidedly lame.
GENERAL ITEMS.
—At Turner's Falls, Massachusetts, is a
mill used exclusively for the manufacture
of paper pulp from the wood of the poplar
tree. The wood is delivered at the mill in
sled-lengths, or somewhat longer, after
which it is sawed into slicks thirteen inches
long, stripped of its bark, split to about or
dinary stove-wood size, or a little less, and
cleared of all knots and imperfections. It
is then subjected to a pressure sufficient to
grind it to the requisite fineness, coming out
white and clean, but iii a thick, brittle
state, which renders it unfit for paper
making except when combined with other
stock. This pulp is sold to makers of new-
paper, who mix it In the proportion of 25
or 30 per cent, with other material. This
mill turns out from five to seven tons of
pulp daily. In Kurope, handsome writing
paper containing 50 per cent, of wood has
been made, but this pulp has not )'ot been
used with success for line paper in the Uni-
ted States.
—Boston furnishes the latest remarkable
dog story, the truth of which is vouched
for by truthful men. A well-known citi
zen while paying a bill to a store-keeper i
dropped a twenty dollar note, of which fact
he Decame aware some two hours after 1
upon bis arrival home. He then took one i
of* his dogs, an English bull-terrier, and i
started back, calling at the places he visited I
on his way home. On reaching a certain
locality, he called his dog, "Jess," and
showed him a twenty dollar bill who looked j
on the ground as if hunting for it, aud told
the dog to "smell it out." Tho dog then
started off with his nose to the ground in i
front of his master, and pushing round into
another street, where they had been before
and where the bill was paid, he stopped, j
poked about the dirt, and in a \'v\v minutes 1
ran up to his master with the lost twenty
dollar bill in his mouth.
—In South Carolina, where Ku-Klu\ism
prevails, there is a cry because I'resident
Crant has suspended the writ of Itrbeas cor
pus, in order to hold in prison, until prop
erly tried, such persons as arc indicted by
the I'nited States Grand Jury and arrested
by the Marshal. Baltimore makes this
outcry, and she, of all cities in tho Union,
ought to be the last to do it, since it is so
short a time ago that she complained that
the Ku-Klux depredations were seriously
injuring her trade. No sane person can
doubt the wisdom of the President's course,
when ho knows that were this writ not sus
pended, these indicted persons would be
brought before some Confederate judge,and
discharged from arrest, preducing at once a
conflict between Federal and Slate author-
ity. Milwaukee. Sentinel.
—A gentleman of Bethel, Vermont, has
made a discovery in tanning leather which,
he claims, will revolutionize the business.
The material he uses is dry forest leaves,
and his experiments are said to" have been
entirely satisfactoty. One ton of leaves
will tan as much leather as five cords of l
hemlock bark, and will do the work in one- i
half the time. By mixing the leaves and i
bark in equal proportions, one-fourth of the
time is saved. The leather tanned by this i
process is smoother, more flexible, and yet
retains the strength of the raw hide iii a i
greater degree than that tanned by bark.— i i
Specimens exhibited at the Vermont State
lair were awarded the first premium, after
being subjected to the severest tests.
—In Chieaga now it is fashionable to be i
poor, and for a while little money will be I
spent for articles of luxury or superfluity, i
Members of great firms are dispensing with
some of their employes and taking then
places behind the counter. Splendid man
sions all along the avenues are being rented I
for business purposes, and goods are piled
high in frescoed parlors, and the office boys
stretch their legs on the marble mantels of
guest chambers carriages and coachmen
Ire being dispensed with denizens of high-
fid hotels have sought low-priced board-
louses; few amusements or fashionable
erings will call for expenditures the
are set close for the storm, and thus
prepared Chicago will weather the gale.
—The Tribuns says that since the sun- I
pression of the rebellion fully :ll 1,000 South
erners (some put the number as high as
."i0,000), many of whom took a prominent
part in the war, have come to New York,
and have made it their permanent place of
residence. Every Southern State is repre
sented in the new population but Virginia,
South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi and
Louisiana more largely than any of the
other States. Rebel generals, colonels,
majors and captains are almost as common
>v Broadway now as they use to be be
iwcen Acqnla [creek and Orange court
house.
LOCAL 3X.VTTTOI__ii«.
THE CITY COUNCIL.
The regular monthly meeting of the City
Council was held yesterday afternoon.
Present Messrs* J>. JI. Starke (president).
Anderson, Hooper, Palmer, Ohestcrrnan,
Straus, Wynne, IJargamin, English, Stokes,
Sloan, Wagner, Isaacs, Davis, Biggins,
j Scott of Jefferson ward, Smith, Whitlock,
Levy, Lipscomb, Mctzger, Kerne, Ros
sicux, Allen, Roper, Forrester, Rraselman,
Freeman, and Manly.
STREETS (JEN ERA LLY.
Mr. Anderson, from the Conimittco on
Streets generally, submitted a report from
that committee recommending the rejection
of the petition of A. I). Loll'ew, asking au
thority to number the houses in the city
that are without number, Ac; that $G.">o
be appropriated for the purchase of the pro
perty of Mr. Charles Dougherty on St.
Stephen's street ad joining that recently pur
chased by the city the rejection of the pe
tition of Mrs. Ann Wade —viz: that the
city allbrd her relief by purchasing her
house, which she alleges will bo rendered
useless by the'new Ninth-Street bridge; that
the roadway on i 'ary street between Thir
teenth and Virginia streets be widened by
j taking four feet from tho walkway on the
south -side, and that Gary street from Thir
teenth to Virginia street be paved with
granite—estimated cost, .')4"> that tho
grading on M street, between Twenty-sixth
and Twenty-seventh and that on Twenty
sixth from Clay to N street be graded, antl
that M street from Twenty-fifth to Twenty
seventh street be gravelled—estimated cost
of whole improvement, -.1,000; that
First street be opened from the west lino
of Dill's factory, betwoen Franklin and
Grace streets, to Hroad street, and that the
said street be continued through from Hroad
to Clay street, provided the cost of the
work does not exceed 18.600 I laid on the
table] that the sidewalk in front of Union
Station Methodist Episcopal church, on
Twenty-fourth and N streets, be paved and
the street guttered on tho south side of N
from Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth street
---cost, 9390 that the gutters on the south
side of Clay street from Twenty-eighth to
Twenty-ninth street, and on the east side
of Twenty-eight street from Marshall to
Leigh street, be paved with granite—esti
mated cost, .-'.;_. The committee also pre
sented an ordinance on the subject of sew
ers [laid on the table and ordered to be
printed] nnd an ordinance requiring the
owners of houses to cause the same to be
The report was taken up, discussed, and
.'INAXI'K.
Mr. Isaacs, from the Committee on Fi
nance, presented his report, with which was
returned a number of petitions asking re
duction of the class, they being deficient
in the requirements of Rule 7 of the Coun
cil The report was adopted.
Mr. Isaacs also presented the reports of
the Auditor and Treasurer, which were
referred to the Finance Committee.
T.ICIITH.
Mr. Stokes, from the Committee on
Light, submitted his report, awarding the
contract of connection gas-pipes to Messrs.
Talbott Son at four cents per pound, or
♦4,500. Adopted.
SANITARY INSI'Et.TOKS.
Mr. Scott, of Jefferson Ward, from the
Committee on Holies, to which committee
was referred the subject of an ordinance
from Board of Health concerning sanitary
inspectors, submitted an ordinance requir
ing the Chief of Police to detail three men
from the force to act as sanitary inspectors,
ore. The report was adopted.
CLAIMS A MI/SAT,ARIES.
Mr. Whitlock, from the Committee on
Claims and Salaries, submitted his report,
recommending the payment of certain bills.
The committee recommend tho rejection of
the petition of Messrs. I'reston antl others,
former ward managers, asking for fifty dol
lars pay for services alleged rendered. The
report was adopted.
WATER.
Mr. Haigamin, from the Watering Com
mittee, reported that in their judgment the
pa}' of Alexander Calder, assistant super
intendent of the pump-house, is too small
for the duties performed also, that the pay
of the superintendent is too small, and they
therefore recommend au increase of the
pay of both of these officers—the superin
tendent to $1,200, aud the assistant superin
tendent to ♦1,000. The report was re
jected.
KIKE.
Mr. Allen, from the Committee on the
Fire Department, presented his report,
asking that a number of persons be allowed
to erect wooden buildings within the city
limits, which was confirmed by the Coun
cil.
ACCOUNTS ANI) PRINTING.
Mr. Manly, from this committee, pre
sented tbe bills of the Dispatch, (Jazelte,
Aituegcc, and W. 11. Wade Co., which
were ordered to be paid.
CEMETERIES.
Mr. Scott, of Clay ward, from the Cum-'
mittee on Cemeteries, submitted his report,
showing the vaiious amounts expended on
the cemeteries, antl the sum for timber,
i.e., used on memorial day. Referred to
the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. Isaacs, an additional
appropriation of $1,000 was ordered for
Oak wood Cemetery.
FIRST MARKET.
Mr. Bossieux, from the Committee on j
the First Market, submitted a report re
commending that ♦960 be appropriated for I
the purpose of erecting a shed over the veg-
stable market. Adopted.
FIRE-ALARM TEI.HIIH.U'II.
Mr. Wynne, from this committee (in tne
absence of the chairman), subbittcd tlu
bills for the erection of the boxes recently
ordered by the Council to be put up,
amounting to ♦1,087.04.
Ou motion, the above amount was ap
propriated, and the report of the committee
adopted.
IMI'KOVE.iICN'T OF .lAMJ-X liIVKK.
Mr. Ordway, chairman of the Committee
on the Improvement of James River, in be
half of his committee, presented to the
Council, through Mr. Isaacs, the following
preamble and resolution, which nail been
adopted by the committee
\Viii;i.i:as the near completion of llu- Chesa
peake and Ohio railroad, which, with its valua
ble connections definitely arranged for with the
Leading western citie-, marks ii out as one of tlie
most important railroads connecting the East
v. lib the Wt-sl—ui.e over which, in b-.-s lltan a
venr, millions of toiiua.e, liiniti-d only by the
capacity of ihe railroad, will be seeking outlet
and inlet through th. James river; and
W.MIH th* Richmond and Danville railroad,
with its r-ci'iit invaluable suiithi-ru csnnectlon
now in rapid progress of completion, with other
improvements (railroad and canal) terminating
here, will -.cumulate an immense tonnage that
will require un leased harbor accommo
dation, t_t.refore it ia an imperative duty to pro
vide It it Richmond expects to control lhe great
trutli- off-red lier. Such increased aceoinmoda-
tion ctitt be obtained by lhe city acquiring the
j right to the land on iln- south Mile of the dock,
from Shoekoe cf*_k to the outlet of the dock, and
improving it. The land is now comparatively
valueless, find will remain so, ns wi'h bi-\it:il
owners no uniform .st-hi-m. of improvement will
be made. The ownership of the land by the city
ar.d ils improreinent would materially aid in
and economize the keeping open Hie iiu-reased
depth of waier in the channel of the river;
therefore, be it
Re.solre.il, That the Council lie i. quested to
lain- prompt, action to acquire lhe right to the
land on the south sids .1 Hie dock from Shoekoe
creek to the outlet of the dock with Ihe view lv
its speedy improvement anil i onseqnent promo
tion of llie t'l-ncral interest of the city.
Tlte main report of the commit too wa.i
accepted anil laid on tlie table.
.Mr. Isaacs then, in connection with
the above preamble and resolutions adopted
|by the Committee of the James River Im
provemeut, presented the following resolu
tion:
Wiikhkas it appearing iinpoi-iani lo the Bom
meree of lhe city that the bank of Junes river,
lroin Shoekoe creek to the lock-Kales of the Rich
mond dock on Ihe south side of the dock, should
belong lo the city :be it therefore
Re.solrol, That the <'oniniittee on Finance be
instructed to take such steps as may lie defined
in-ci-ss:ii-y to ascertain the price ill which lie-
I said property can be -purchased, nnd that they
make report to the Council.
Adopted.
titk imuAi) street yui-vriox.
The committee appointed to ascertain
the assessed valuation of the property of
the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Poto
mac railroad on Hroad street between
Seventh and Eighth, reported the amount
te hr. 179,160. Adopted.
CHCBCH AND I'XION IIJIJ, MARKET.
A report from the special committee ap
pointed to consider the subject of a market
for tho citizens of Church and I'nion Hills
was presented. This report states that tlie
establishment of a market in this locality
is actually necessary, and they recommend
that ~'!,obo be appropriated therefor. The
report was in response to a petition of a
large number of citizens of Church and
Union Hills referred to the committee on
the 21st of August last.
Tho report was amended so as to require
the committee to make the estimate of the
costs, present plans and specifications, se
lect the lot, antl report back the result of
their investigation to the Council for their
approval. The report was then adopted
excepting the appropriation offß,ooo.
THE TUNNEL.
Mr. Anderson presented tho petition of
about .'t"_ citizens asking the Council to
to pay to the Chesapeake and >hio railroad
company $200,000 in six per cent, bonds
so soon as tho said road should build the J
tunnel through Church Hill, connecting j
that road with tide-water.
Mr. Anderson, in presenting this report,
submitted a few earnest remarks in support
of the petition, and moved that it be refer-
red to tlie special committee on the (Ihesa- t
peake and Ohio railroad. A greet! to.
On motion of Mr. Davis, it was ordered
that when the Council adjourn il adjourn to
meet on Thursday at 4 I. M.
ANNEXATION-(IF RICHMOND TO -IAN-
CHESTER. I
Mr. Isaacs presented the following reso-
lution in response to the action taken ly
the Hoard of Trusters of the town of Man-
Chester, which was unanimously adopted 1
Resolre.d, That in conlorinity to the said aclion
(referred to in a lengthy preamble) of the Hoard i
of Trustees and the terms of said petition the t
l*resiilent of Ibis Council appoint a committee of
five, consisting of three members of the Council
and two citizens of the city, to confer with the
committee appointed hy die Hoard of Trustees
ot the town of Manchester, and the said commit-
tee report, the result of their conference io this
body.
The following gentlomen were appointed
by the President: Messrs. Isaacs, Allen,
and Anderson, on the part of the Council,
and Messrs. Isaac Davenport, -)r.,and<iar-
ret F. Watson on the part of the citizens. f
wooden m'lr.wN'us.
An ordinance concerning wooden build- l
iugs was presented by Mr. Isaacs, which
was referred to the Committee on the I'ire
Department.
Mr. Isaacs also presented several other
petitions, which were appropriately re
ferred.
THE CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO RAll.-
ROAD QUESTION AGAIN.
Mr. Wynne presented the following res- j
olution, which was adopted
R.solred, That the Committee un [lie Chesa
peake and Ohio Railroad be instructed to consult I
the city attorney iqion the legality of the appro- i
priation asked for iv the petition of citizens, Ibis
day presented, Ming made by the Council Willi-
out referring lhe same lo a vote of the people of
Richmond, i
Mr. Anderson presented the petition of
the Tredegar Company asking for the erec- I
tion of a tire-box in that locality. The same
gentleman presented other petitions all of
which wore appropriately referred. I
MOKE AI'PHOI'IUATIONS.
Mr. Anderson presented a resolution ap
propriating the sum of §20,000 to be ex
pended by the Committee on Streets on the j
city. I
This resolution elicited quite a debate be-
tween Messrs. Isaacs and Anderson.
Mr. Isaacs moved to reduce the appropri-
ation to 113,000. which was agreed to, and
the resolution adopted, Messrs. Straus and l
Scott of Clay ward voting "Xo."
Hy Mr. Anderson: A resolution in-
structing tho City Engineer to bridge the l
gutter on Marshall street near Sixth, f
Agreed to.
OTHER liI'SINESS,
Sundry petitions were presented by va
rious members of the Council all of which j
were appropriately referred.
An appropriation of -s3O per month for
six months was allowed Mr. (.anliier, a re- I
tired policeman.
Hy Mr. Sloan A resolution inquiring as J
to tho compensation of clerks of Council
committees, by what authority they are ap-
pointed, and their names. Adopted.
Hy Mr. Biggins: The claims of the
judges of election. Referred to the Com- i
mittee on Elections with instructions to pay
if found correct.
Hy Mr. Wagner: The monthly and quar
terly reports of the Hoard of Health.
Hy the same: A resolution appropriating
$3,800 for the purchase of fuel lor the needy
poor of the city. Referred.
By Mr. Bossieux A resolution appro- j
priating 1)1,000 for the improvement of tho
streets lying east of Oillie's creek and in
that portion of the city known as Port i
Mayo. Referred.
By Mr. Manly: Sundry small bills,
which were ordered to be paid.
By Mr. Wagner: A resolution asking
the Committee on Light to put ">,OOO
bushels of coke at the disposal of the i
Committee for the Relief Of the Poor.
Adopted.
By Mr. WhiUock A resolutian in- i
struct ing the City Engineer to report the i
number of square yards of macadamizing 1
done in the city since the commencement
of the same the cost per square yard as
compared with paving, and the quantity of
macadamizing done in each ward. Re- i
ferrod.
On motion of Mr. Stokes, at 11(15 o'clock i
the Council adjourned.
JAMES RIYEII IMPROVEMENT.
I mil, liliou ifm -viile at the Work—Kiah*
teen Feel ol Wm•-,- Is lie Acroni.ili.hril in
one Year—Speed* Completion an.l Opening
ol' Dntrh Ci-ii l.'nnal.
The following Interesting! eport was pre
sented at the meeting of tlie City Council
last evening:
RicmroxD, V.\.. Nov. 11, 1871.
To the Council of the Ci'y of Richmond:
Gentlemen, —The joint committee on
the improvement of-lames river respectful
ly submit the following report of the pro
gress of the work under their char." since
August Ist:
At the date of I hat report WC were en
gaged in work on the Richmond bar. Since
that time we have confined our operations
exclusively to that wiTrk, and it i i wilh pe
culiar satisfaction that we are new enabled
to report to you its successful completion.
The importance of this progressive step
in our work cannot be over-estimated. In
June last there was but BJ feet of water at
mean low-tide on tho Richmond bar; now
we havo a channel-way 4,300 feet long, 7-~>
feet wide and 15 feet deep at low-tide,
which gives us a tlepth of over 1S feet twice
a day.
To accomplish this work we have re
moved 59,981 cubii- yards of material and
safely deposited it behind crib-work along
the banks of the river.
We have not only accomplished nearly
one mile of the work under our charge, but
have also demonstrated thereby tho entire
feasibility and comparative case with which
the entire improvement of the river can be
completed to the standard depth of eigh
teen feet, which we have adopted.
We have now begun work near the brew
eay wharf, at a point just below where the
contractors under the government are en
gaged in removing the rocky reefs across
the channel, and propose to work from that
point down the river to Richmond bar un
til we join the work there completed. Wo
estestimate that it will require about ten
months to complete this part of the work.
In view of the satisfactory condition and j
progress of our work, and the near constnn- I
niation of the grant western and southern j
railroad connections, which must seek the
James river for their outlet, your commit
tee have d.-li-nuiii'il on pressing the work
to the utmost. While d< ruiihctl to com
plete the work at lhe earliest practicable
moment, we deem it inexpedient to increase
the amount of machinery belonging to the
city, as we consider that'the pre cut force
will be full}' sufficient to keep the river in
proper condition after th. improvements
are completed. We have decided, there-
fore, to contract for dredging tho channel
from Richmond to Warwick's bar, that the j
work may go on simultaneously with the
work to be done by our own dredges from
the brewery wharf lo Richmond bar, as
above referred to.
Under these arrangements we are ena
bled to announce that we can promise
depth of eighteen feet of water from the
sea to Richtnsud within twelve months, and
arc so confident of the accomplishment of
that greal point that we have directed our
chairman to officially communicate it to the
Chesapeake and'Oiiio Railroad Company, I
that they may govern their proposed ship-
ping arrangements at this point accordingly.
We deem it proper and desirable that you
should be kept Informed of the progress of
that portion of the improvement ofoiir river
undertaken by the government.
The work on Dutch Cap canal, we aro j
pleased to report, is within a few days of j
completion, nothing remaining to be done i
except dredging through te a uniform
depth. Before the end of this month we
hope to announce tho formal acceptance of
the work from the contractors and the
opening of this important cut-off to navi
gation.
0t» the rocky reefs below Rocketts the
contractors have been busily engaged in
blasting, and have now a very large amount
of rock crushed ready to be removed. This
will he done by them as soon as tho dredges
can be obtained for the purpose, and will
be a most material improvement.
Respectfully submitted,
Ai/keht Ot.DWAY, Chairman.
.in __
I he Haptist Sunday School Asso
ciation. —This association held its regu
lar monthly meeting in the First Haptist
church on Sunday afternoon last. The ex
ercises on the occasion were of a most grat
ifying and pleasing charader. The month
ly reports from Hie various schools show a
total membership of two thousand, with
nearly two hundred and fifty teachers.
Twenty-fire conversions were repotted
from Leigh-Street school, and also the
death of a valued teacher. Various ad
dresses were delivered, when tho associa
tion adjourned to meet in the Second Hap
tist church on the evening of the second
Sunday in December.
A Swindler Sen,ten<t-:d to the
Penitentiary. —fudge Qvugon, of the
Hustings court yesterday, in accordance
with the finding of tbe jury, sentenced R.
11. Brown to the penitentiary for five years
for obtaining from the I'lantcrs' National
Bank the sum of $30 on a forged certificate
of deposit, of a Philadelphia bank. An in*
effectual attempt was mods by the prison
er's counsel, Mr. Turpiu, to get a new trial,
on. the ground that the money was not ob
tained upon a false pretence, but upon a
letter of introduction given the prisoner by
Mr. John S. Win.
Important Ordinance.—At a meet
ing of the City Council last evening, an or
dinance was passed requiring tbe chief of
police to detail three men from the force to
act as sanitary inspectors. Let the Hoard
of Health speak as it will, the condition of
the back alleys and out-houses located in
many of our streets, is deplorable. We
trust the chief of police will select the very
best men he has for the discharge of this
disagreaWe but important duty, who, by n
faithful performance of it, will render our
community more ihan graleful to them.
Cone to LYNCHBUBa.—Robert W.
Hughes, Attorney General Taylor, Judge
W. W. (.'rump and James Allied -lone.-;,
Esq., kit the city this morning r/a tho
Richmondand Danville railroad, tin- Lynch
burg, where they will act as counsel for
General Mahone's consolidated line, in the
famous suit of Tyson et nt w. the Atlan
tic, Mississippi and Ohio Railroad. The
case will bo called in the [.lited Slates
court in Lynchburg, to-morrow.
Methodist SUNDAY School Socie
ty.—The monthly meeting of this society
was held at Trinity church last Sunday
afternoon. The reports of the superinten
dents of the various schools exhibit a total
membership of 1,588. wilh au average at
tendance ot l,i._: The next meeting will
be held at Centenary church.
Henrico Count. i'ihiit-,/*V E.
C. Minor Presiding, —The court was en
gaged with the civil docket yesterday. The
case ofMoses Randall, charged with mis
demeanor, was continued until Wednes
day, the loth inst.
LOCAL NOTES*.
The judges of the Supreme Court of
Appeals were engaged in conference yester
day, and did not occupy the bench.
—The performers at Virginia Hall were
not very warmly received last night, be
cause the audience came near freezing.
—"John Williams, colored, indicted for
foloneously assaulting Henry Coleman,
was convicted and sentenced to imprison- j
ment in the ci'.y jail for six months, in the
Hustings court, yesterday.
—'lhe granite monument to be erected at
I lakwood Cemetery by tho ladies of the j
Memorial Association, was taken to the i
cemetery yesterday, from the granite yards
of Mr. Hurt on Ninth street.
—Dr. Hall, of Winchester, one of the
flsh commissioners of the State, has sentin
his resignation to the Governor. This gen
tleman was one of the judges that ejected
the reporters from the judges' stand during
the fair.
Deputy-Sergeant Adam Loe. yesterday
conveyed lour prisoners from tlie city jail
to the penitentiary, to undergo the terms
of confinement awarded them by the 11 list
ing, court, as follows: Topsey "Brown, J_|
j 11. Brown, R. S. Drown, and Randall
I Gray.
—The committee of the City Council ap
i pointed to consider the petition of certain
I cit'zens, asking for an appropriation to tun
nel Church Hill for the US. of the Chesa
peake and Ohio railroad company, will meet
at the Council Chamber this evening at (i
o'clock.
—The contract for indexing the streets,
by means of stencils in the street lamps,
was awarded to Messrs. Harris Baker,
and for numbering houses not numbered to
Mr. X. H. Hardgrove. We have a com
munication hinting at a "job" in one of
these contracts, and will investigate the
matter in due time.
Police Court— Justice J. J. Whit* j
presiding. —The following cases were dis
posed of to-day:
Mrs. J. M. (hanger, charged with un
lawfully retaining a fivo dollar note, the
property of Lucie Parsons. Dismissed.
Marilla Hill, charged with making an in
decent exposure of her person in the streets,
and also with cursing and abusing Joseph
Equi. fined $2.60.
Joseph Equi, charged with assaulting aud
striking Marilla Hill. Fined $-.50.
Emma J. Ross and Thomas Payne,
charged with feloniously stealing 8i:.5, the
property of Catherine Coots. Case con
tinued till to-morrow for witnesses.
John ('rump, charged with entering tho
house of John It. Bowles, antl stealing
j therefrom two blankets and sundry articles
of clothing. Case continued till to-mor-
I row.
Mr. Thomas James, charged with al
lowing gaming in his house, and also with
carrying concealed weapons. Case con
tinued til! to-morrow, and the accused
bailed in the sum ot $1)00.
Kliza Mann, charged with harboring and
abducting the infant child of Julia ISow.II.
Chilil given to the mother and party dis
charged. Same discharged from charge of
resisting a detective officer.
William (lb on, charged with being a
vagrant and trespassing on the premises of
H. B. Taliaferro. Hound over for three
months in the sum ofsso.
Mrs. J. W. Keith, charged with assault
ing and beating Dolly Robinson. Dis
missed no prosecutor.
Lewis Smith, charged with trespassing
upon the premises o( the Exchange Hotel.
Discharged,
Walter Simmons, charged with assault
ing and beating \V_ 11. Johnson. Dis
missed no prosecutor.
His I'raternal Respects.—The
Eiitjiiirer of this morning, announces the re
tirement from its local Staff,of Wm. S. Oil
man, Esq., who has recently been elected
by the Hemocratic voters of this city to the
Legislature.
Coming to Richmond a stranger, and ac
cepting a similar position to that occupied
by Mr. Oilman, on a paper, from its politi
cal complexion liable to be unpopular. Mr.
0. was one of the first to extend us the
liaiiil of fraternal friendship. Who, under
similar circumstances, but an ingrate could
but regret to part witn the polite gentle
man, scholar and friend Though differing
politically, we can but pay a simple tribute
to the worth of Mr. Oilman, nor can wo
breathe a suspicion, or entertain a thought
that Virginia's interest will be unsafe in the
hands of such men as he. Wo only regret
there are so few with the same liberal and
enlarged views who are lo be his associates.
Mr. Oilman carries with him our best
wishes for his success, and a realization of
bis highest and noblest ambitions.
-_».
Judge Bond's Decision and the
Rio his OF Colored Persons on
Public Conveyances.—The recent de
cision of Judge Bond, as reported by tele-
gram, will have the effect to open public j
conveyances to colored persons, and we j
hope soon to see our City railway following
the example of similar companies in Halti
moro,
We confidently believe the whole subject
with us, is one of prejudice, a condition of
affairs which ought never exist or be tole
rated. No lady or gentleman of Rich
mond ever denies to the colored woman,
who is carrying a white child, the privilege
of setting beside them in the cars, norhave
we ever heard of any one being injured by
it. We would greal ly prefer to see a volun
tary surrender of this prejudice, but if this
is not d'.inc, the power of the law must be
enforced, We hope to see our City rail
way adopting the now almost universal
system, and throw open their cars to all
persons who may choose to ride in them.
Probable Fatal Result ok In
.iiiues.—We learn that the injuries re
ceived by Mr. Abner Richardson, a week
or two ago, by being thrown from a buggy,
will in all probability prove fatal. The at
tending physicians last night gave up all
hope of his recovery. It will be remem
bered that both of .Sir. Richardson's hips
wen- dislocated. The accident proved a
very severe shock also to his nervous sys
tem, being quite aged.
List oi I'nmailaulu Letters Re
maining in the Richmond Post
office, November i-Itii, isti.—
Branch, Chesterfield county, Va.; J.
A. Lee, Flemingburg, Ivy. Williamson
Bethel, Danville, .a.; L. W, Ounther,
Baltimore, Mil. M. Henjiman, N. V.;
Miss R. Lee, Lynchburg, Va. Bettie
Month, N. J.
A Question.— Will Mr. Montague, the
painter inform us what color would result
from the mixing of three Browns" and
one Cray These were the colors yes
terday sent to the penitentiary from 'this
titv.
if he can't answer we will do so for
him.
The result of the mixture is ring, streak
ed and striped, somewhat resembling a
"Zebra" or coon's tail.
I'OKR lilvVSl'lilTANll lirsTHorilLES.
i The colored friends of lien *<-<<U are very
j indignant at the treatment ho has received,
antl the general impression among them is,
that the "Conservatives" deliberately
passed counterfeit money on him in order
that ho might pass it and be sent to the pen-
ilentiary. This would enable the paitr to I
get rid of him. We are assured by a gen
tlcman of veracity, that (he above statc
j ment is correct, and that Hen's friends
will insist that he relnrn to the Republican
Ibid when he gets out. We learn it is the
intention of such a number of Conservatives
to go his bail as will make it impracticable
for some wicked Republican lo induce hint
to run away and forfeit his bond. What a
number there will be
Virginia Hall.—The play on the
bill for to-night by the Rose ami Harry
Watkins troupe ia "Trodden Down," an
Irish drama of deep interest. We are as
sored that the ball will be tborouidily
L warmed, and the audience which will as*
soluble to-night to witness the perform-
I ances can rely upon being as comfortable
ias in their own homes.
J Flour FOR Hra7.il.—The American
brig Henry Herkins, Seymour, master,
cleared from the custom-house to-day for
I Rio Grande do Sol, laden with I ,".7"i bar
rels of flour, shipped by the Callego Mills
Flouring company.
WS' Bine Ribbons and Swlnrtk-H.—A 111 —111
passing along Main strut, T* ill notice a Sewing-
Machine, in front of a small store, tieil with a
blue ribbon—supposed to b. tlie sign of said
machine Inlying receive-a ineinium at onr lale
fnlr; unci he wonhl be surprised to notice, upon
clo.*e inspection, Hint it is the same machine from
which a ni.iK RiitßoN-was ri-Hi.ici.v turn- (lining
the fair, having been tied on without the sanc
tion of tho committee—no award having been
made for sewing-machine.*. A Sr t-er.vTon.
gi.g--'IS" Select TTIII* If
It.;" ''-lined Fruits and Vegetables in the I'ull
est assort men t, can be hud at T. H.ii.vi-:,-. ,v Op.*-,
(-14 Main street.
IB"** 1 Select Whiskey.
»L_TWhiskey—T. Balmer _.- Co., Sll Mnin
street, have still some of their choice Whiskey
on hand.
_*.
US —B" Select Whiskey.
HST-ancy Crocoric*.. Imported and Di.mrf.ti.,
always in stock, at T. li.ii.iiEi: _ Oo.'s, 814 Main
street.
Ifcg--B" Select Whiskey.
S-fdunrs and Tobacco.—ll' you want to buy
good Cigars and Tobacco, yon eaa dot-oai T
Hai.mkh Co..i, 814 Main street.
*S_r**B" Select Whiskey.
SS"Oroceiies.—raiuilics in want uflirocr
lies are referred to the advertisement of T. Bai.-
Mna k Co., 811 Main street, in another eolnmn.
mff-B" Select Whiskey, S'J .iO pel- snlloii.

S_r*-lw!i«h Bieaklast Teas lliixed _lur l.ml
Imported by T. Balmhh k Co., Kl4 Main rtreet,
MARRIED.
Da ibis city, on ihe 7th Instant, JOHN KN-
Dldis ROBINSON and Villid.MA MOBOAN
dainrhter of the late t 'olonel t <haries S. Morgan
bolh of this city.
On the ISth dsv of October, In Cuarlntown
West Virginia, JOHN 11. tifY, of Ibis iiiy, lo
MAR. only daughter of James M Hanson,
Esq.., of the former place.
On Hie sin instant, ai ths residence of ber tm
lie. Miss ISABELLA M. JONES, of this city,
tv Mr. A. A. HYSLOPE, of Norfolk connty.
______■_■_■_■■■___■
DIED.
On the l'-th instant, Mrs. JULIA WINN, wil.
of John Winn, of Jlmrlott-s\ ille, and daughter
of William F. Butler, of this city.
Afiera brief illness, on Satiirdav. till in-tasl,
Mr. JOHN THOMAS HOWELL, in iheforty
second year of his agi-.
At Chester, November ISth, JOHN AN
DKEWS, son of Richard and Maria Butler, aged
eight years.
In tins city, yesterday, after a painful Illness,
THOMAS DOHEHTT, In the forty-eighth year
of his age.
AMUSEMENTS.
y lIUII.MA II A LI..
BIULI.I ANT iIX 'EPTION.
The l.ue,ni star of the South and lhe eminent
comedian
KtISE ANU HAHHV WATKINS
who are engaged for this week only.
TUESDAY EYENINCI
the griiud romantic drama
TRODDEN DOWN; uh, UNDER TWO r*LA(!S,
pronounced by the press and public the
GREATEST DRAMATIC TRIUMPH OF THE
DAY.
Fergus McCarthy Harry Wattrb...
Blanche Desmond (wiili songsi Rot. Watklus.
During the evening tin-
OKAND TUMBLERONICON; OS,
MUSICAL ULASSES,
Uy Miss Mary and Mr. .1. R. Keuney.
Anatuioai FIFTY CENTS, Reserved seats
(at West k Jiilinslons) 7;i cent-. no 11—11
SHIPPING
yo.-k.__ <lm
The VIRGINIA STEAMSHIP and PAfKI-.T
COMPANY'S elegant sieainship UEOR'.xE B,
UPTON, Captain Roßßrrs, will leave her wharf
at Roeltetts on TUSEDAY, November 14, at 4 P
M.
Conneeling with steamers for Hartford,.Nor
wich, Stoniugton, l-'all River and Boston from
same pier.
Freight received up lo the hmirof sailing.
Close eiiiiiieiliiins and through bills of lading
given to Rll southern, eastern, and western
places; also, to Eur.'iie and Australla.
Fare, meals nnd stale-moms, extra,
D.J. BURR, President,
IL'l4 Main sireet.
Wasmikuton _ Co., agents, Pier 1., North river
New York. no 1.1—2t
tSh
THE OLD DOMINION STEAMSHIP COM
PANY'S elegant sidi-wle-el steamship ISAAC
HELL, Capt. Blakbma-, will sail on Tl -ESDAY,
November 14, at 3 o'clock P. M.
Freight received un til 2 P. M.
Through bills of lading signed, and goods for
warded with dispatch to all points—north, south,
BUt sod west. Close i-uiiiieii ions lnade v.it !i Ca
nard line for foreign port..
Passenger aeeisninodations unsorptMsi
Fare *12 IK)
Steerage w
Round Trip Tickets 2u DO
For freight or passage, apply lo
JOHN \V. WY"ATT, Agent,
no 13—2t No. 8 Governor street

WANTED- By i. Virginia Ri-ulleinan. Mill,
a small family, who resides near Boston
Massachu.sits, a COLORED WOMAN, without
encumbrance, lo cook, wash, and do hoii.-e-wor..
Good reference required. Ajif.lv to
JAMES T. SUTTON, .1..,
912). Main street
no IS—St» or let Clay .treel
RESTAimANTS.
k IX RIGHT HOL'SITT
SCAMM E L 1.
NO. 218, NINTH STREET, NEAR BROAD, j
ts proprietor of the
ONLY ALL NIHHT HOUSE IN RICHMOND.
Gentlemen can be supplied with OYS'I KRS in
e>ery style, and with choice Wl M>: I.IOUORS,
ke. R.-ineiuber,
ueii -:im IU NINTH ST R BET
LATEST NEWS.

FROM VV ..NHtJVGTON.
Washmgim, Nov. l.'t.—A case is pend
j ing m the Supreme Court hero seriously af-
I footing the recent proceedings against tin-
Mormons. Three years ago a quantity of
liquor was destroyed by the Mormon au
thorities, for the Taluoof which suit wa i
brought and a verdict rendered against Salt
Lake city. The ground of appeal is thai
the jurors should havo been summoned by
the Territorial instead of tin- Federal mar
shals. The recent indictments uudconve
tions were made by juries summoned by
the Federal marshal, and a reversal in the
pending case will multiply the recent pro
ceedings in Utah. _n the-ucantimc it may
be stated that the Executive is determined
to push the recent policy towards the Mor
mons.
The President has appointed I.hvin Kil
bourne assessor ol the lirst Missi.sippi dis
trict.
Secretary Belknap lias dismissed auotb.-i
--cadet from West Point for "liaziug."
According to the Russian official pro
gramme, the first visit of the (hand Wtke
Alexis to Washington will not extend over
twenty-four hours. It will be merely for
the purpose of paying his respects to the
President and the members of the Cabinet,
who will, in a body, Welcome him at the
F.xeculive mansion. lie will receive no
visits during this brief sojourn, nor rcceiu
cards. He will return to New York to ac
cept the honors prepared for him, leniaii,
ing there several days.
From Xew York he will proceed we- I
antl to the Pacific. The programme tf this
journey was furnished several weeks ago
by a distinguished gentleman to Minister
Catacazy, at tho tatter's request.
Tlie Grand Duke will return to Washing
ton during the ensuing session of ('nngress,
to spend, it is contemplated, about tweln
days, during■which time a series of enter
tainments will be tendered him.
It has been telegraphed North to-nigh I
that th. President has under consideration
the necessity of placing rtafri .Muni!.- in
northwestern Georgia under rC-tl (ttMns
like those imposed upon cerium Smith Car
olina counties.
Tha grand jury has indicted Congress
man Stokes, of Tennessee, for defrauding
the government.
In the Supreme Court to-day, in the ease
of Knox et als vs. the Kxehange bank, on
a writ of error to the Supreme Court of
Virginia, a motion to reinstate (he case was
overruled.
FROM NEW fORK.
Ntu York, Nov. 13.—A World Special
from London says "A formidable pMt of
Bonapartist generals, headed by Fleury, in
arrest Thiers and proclaim the empire, ba
been discovered. The papers of tbe con
spiracy aro in the possession of Thi.-r-,
who ts confident of the failure of the fibn
-pirni-y."

THE MOILYIOM*..
Salt Lakt Cilg, Nov. 13.—A special re
ceived here says that Hrigham Young has
been re-arrested at St. George.
Delegate Hooper is authorised to make
terms at Washington.
-Vur York, Nov. l;l.--Tiic -lormon Fi
ller Lmdsley, preaching yesterday at Wil
hamsburg, said: "We are Cod's cine,,-:'
people, lie is working. A t'cv Weeks
ago Chicago was destroyed, and this is bul
a drop of water to chat will soon KaMan.
We were driven from thai State, a_-«V_Jod
said they should not live then-.''
TELEGRAPHIC SUMMARY.
—Gold closed ill New V.i,i. Vi-stor.luv al
111',.
—It was snowing la.-t nighiai (linalm,
Nebraska, Corinne, Utah and Duluth, Min
nesota.
—A dis]iatc!i Brora Geneva, Switzerland,
says a large fire is raging there. No par
ticular...
—The Democratic hiss in the city of
Milwaukee since tho last gubernatorial elec
tion, is 7SH.
—Tlie slop fc_KMrt, Captain Samuel, of
New York, took lire and was destruved al
Antwerp on the 12th,
—The Canadian schooner Juliette, sunk
off Madison, Ohio, on Friday night. All
on board, except the conk, were losl.
—Ccn. Sherman, Commissioner Alden
and Lieut. Fred, (.'rant, wmt aboard the
"Wabash" yesterday to leave for Furope.
—lugersou, one of tho Tammany uufc-l
nals, has been tiaoked to Grange, N. J.
He will return, it Is .-aid, if he can find
.1,1100,0011 hail.
—A nods prosequi will be entered in the
cause of the Cuban (Jen. Jordan, unless ihe
government is ready lo proceed against him
early in December.
-The steamer Franklin arrived st Xew
York Ml Saturday, from Stettin, Cermanv,
with cholera mi board. During the pa-
,-age 100 cases occurred, *W having proud
fatal.
—A telegram from Fort Monroe, dated
yesterday, says the steamer "Isaac li-ell"
passed in on Sunday for Richmond, making
the run from New York in -I hours—the
quickest lime on record.
—A colored man who sued for c--,-Vm
damages for ejectment from .a Baltimore
street car, was yesterday awarded fort*.
dollars by a Federal .jury." In consequence
of this verdict the colored people are ad
mitted to ad the street cars of the city.
It is slated that the joint committee on
the New ..irk frauds will make a report
to-morrow of tbe city and count* acoounts,
without fear or fax >r, and that- the tapa*t
will astonish the peuplv, as tiny ooatain
facts and names mil mentioned betoi. in
connection with the frauds.
—The Charleston _V_t*_ saya a caucus of
the culorcd members of the "Legislature ..I
South Carolina last week resorted to make
ii" appropriation this coming MHsiofl for
the payment of the interest mi the State
debt, but declared ihemsolve- in farm- ol
the repudiation of both the old and tin- new
debt of the State.
WOODEN WARE. &c.
TyAaHWOMENS Ili: VDQ I vii ll:n* j
WASH-TUBS. W \MI HOARDS.,
CLOTHES LINES, I.niin.s I'INs.WAKII-
OtQ SOUA nml SOAP.
I_dktii>i for llie "TIP-TOP."
To* musstnm*A_ii»stoon of provisions in
'"■''ity- K. V. JAMES,
No. i u;!.i, mi.-,
ae fl—3m Fourdoors ahoy- l'ir-i Market,
fYtTT.ritll K'S I'AiTIOIOS aß
FALL AND WINTER FASHIONS.
Let. -ii le. |ust re.. ,i. also, ai j raoroil 11\
ler November. Principal Iran .al llie office ot
tlie HOWE HEWING MACHINE, SM Main
1 .1 I' M. KINNEY
no 10- if