The Painesville Journal.
SATURDAY, (K TOBK1. 2S, 1171.
Latent advice from Algeria show that jthe party would necessarily be turned to
the hiMiriwtions in that province are j other schemes of reform,
not yet suppressed. In fact. France j A to how this deliverance was to be
seems to have found in this possession as eftected no one could, of course, under-
Mtsori:i. jlievftl to Ik-
On Saturday last the Xational Police 1 oomlis
a son-in-law ot
Robert j return, assistance in the rectification of j 33 Xj I A S
1 her frontiers on the Khine bv annexing
HOWE.
A careful estimate of the Chicago pa
pers gives the area of tin: burnt district
us four and one half miles along the
lake shore, with an average width of not
less than one mile.
Thk Chicago fire, like Chicago whisky,
ruined the 'iusides" of many a rural
editor. They used to have their inside
page printed there, you know about a
hundred ot tliem. J im nni
That bad very bad Iwanw it was
their outsider and not their inside"
which they had printed.
Certain Xew York papers are advocat
ing the expediency of erecting a statue
to Horace Greeley, and in that connec
tion It ha leen suggested that each
printer pet apart one day's laiior as a
contribution towards that object. Would
it not also be a good plan to-include, all
agriculturists in this arrangement, so as
to allow them also an npiiorttiiiii.v of
showing their just appreciation of what
the distinguished philosopher of Chap
pao.ua has done for them?
A fioOD suggestion in reference; to the
Chicago fire comes from Senator Cassei ly
of California. The dispatch comes in a
San Francisco paper:
San Francisco. Oct. 10,'1S71.
Lyman Trumbull and John A. Logan.
Chicago
Chicago's calamity is national. Con
gress should promptly refund or remit
all duties and taxes on goods destroyed.
Government should freely aid in every
other projier mode. V.. Casskiii.v.
This is practical. Senator Casserly
reaches the immediate duty of Congress
and the country.
played a leading part in the government
i of the couutrv. was to be counted on
a portion of the Ithiuish province. Kou
ber asked time to consider them, but three
days from the time they were presented
to 'him Napoleon accepted them. Lord
Cowlev immediately communicated the
and residence nart of the town The i of tl,e reconstructed State governments Em peror's acceptance to his government,
,-1 1 1.1 i 1 1 1 ....11 1 ...1 ,l.f Zt-
Convention eoiiimeneed its session in the In the National I olored Convention,
eltv of St. I.ouir.. i ou Thursday, resolutions endorsing
On Friiinv niu-hr Cinneron k vi-itml president Grant's administration were
large an elephant as Spain has in Cuba, j take to say. Xosolter-minded man could j,y :l very "destructive lire, which ties- introduced and referred. Resolutions
flatter himself that the disappearance troyed a forge portion of the business were adopted advocating the presrvation
I'xixtt-BTt.ni.Y there is much to be said jfioni our politics of an organization
that is creditable to the financial man-; which has, for over half a century.
f 1 t 1 I I T I k f
hut the leaders of the Iteimhlican nartv
have sadly misstated i great many facts, i very confidently or looked for very soon,
for which there is no necessity and can j But the opinion gains ground everyday
be no excuse. In this respect they have
followed the bad example of -Mr. Delano.
It lias recently lieeu said that the taxes
on spirits and tobacco were reduced sim
ultaneously with the accession to power
of the present administration, which is
not true, for thev were reduced four
fire broke our in the livcrr stable of i and existing laws, and the continuance
Walt. Matthis, ahoutone o'clock, and it power of the Republican party, also
is thought to have lecn the w ork of an j endorsing the Republicans who have
incendiarv. e"me to the South from the North, and
Various reports have gained eirculaJ deprecated an atffick upon any class
lion in the east and north, that the within the Republican ranks. Resolu-
American Central Insurance Coninanv turns were introduced r nday deprecating
j that this it is, come when it may. and not j ot- s;t i,,,-, lias suspended under a loss i emigration to Siberia. Congressman
V. i. 1 1 1 1 1 i- aiil tin.. 1 -1 -1 '1-1 V 1 1 1 1 .1 1 r t S. i i 1 1 t t-i-l I 1 1 en hnilfrml '111
of $300.(100 hv the Chicago lire. These j tlliott of South t arolina sunmitted an
reports are untrue. The loss of the com- address to the American people. It asks
panv will not, exceed $200,000 and will 'j fr a more perfect recognition of the
probal.lv be considerablv less, evcrv dol- colored peole in the workshops and all
larof v.'hieh will be prouitlv paid, as j other industrial pursuits, that they may
soon as the adjustment is made". I become proficient in mechanical science.
ami inereny protect: SKiueu ;iruau
MAttI.ANI. 1 tVnm tmvino- tr eninnote in the TllfirVpt
has for forty years, -i-,.- Rait.: with workmen of inferior capabilities.
Grant was held and seven months before, if not longer, shut ont the national more. a letter from Senator Carpen- an1 3ski from Congress aid for the edu-
S that the increase thoughts and energies. The mere sight ter was read, stating that from i cation ot poor children in the outu. It
i i. I u i -i itvrelve m pLrhrpun himlrel lives were demands one standard of duty or policy
tuesc taxes um.ei u.ou. u..u rus. u,t: i for nil citizens, ntllnn that colored citi-
reduce.1 duty .s due to Johnson it to political taoric during tne last eTtr. hv xhelale fire inthe
anybody, but more probably is due toie j years is enough to excuse ihe despom!- j Chicago fire had in a measure overshad-
inouths before the election for General slavery controver
auv break-ui in tlie KeuiHuiraii ranks.
which is to turn over the new leaf in our
political history, and start us on that
patli of internal reform and progress
municipal, legislative, financial, educa
tional, and industrial from which the
v
his inauguration.
in the product of
Spaix has succeeded in making her po-
litle.il status decidedly lively that is if
the failure and removal of three minis
ters in as many months can lie taken as
any Indication. The party that put Mel-
campo Into the chair of Premier ha
been forced to give war, and now it is
said that Meleampo's immediate prede
n-essor. Zorilla. has been called upon by
King Amadeus to form a new govern
inent. It is certainly true that concert
and unity are necessary to carry on a
Parliamentary government, and as these
are just what. Spain is lacking, the prolv-
abllities are that the poor tellow who ha
to play the monarch under these circum-
stances win nave a nam miicw
Despite the fact that, drafts on Xew
York lianks were made from Chicago, to
over four millions of dollars, the liiiaii-
clal situation is much easier. U is found
that the deficit in the reserves of the
banks will not exceed a million and a
piarter, and the interest on loans,
though still held at seven jier cent, has
dropped its commission awl returned to
a currency instead of a gold basis. Mr
Boi-rwKi.t., is receiving much cred
it for his assistance in keeping down the
excitement on Wall street. The pay
ment of interest and the large extra pur
chases of bonds have supplied ample
money for business purposes, and -will
probably enable the banks to replenish
their legal reserves.
natural elasticity of the revenue and to
the cessation of the frauds necessarily
incident to a high rate of duty. Anoth
er subject which has been grossly mis
represented is ihe comparative cost of
collecting the revenue under Grant and
under Johnson. The Tri h. in a late
article asserts that the expenses of the
Internal Revenue Bureau under the last
Administration in ltMW were $8,887,793
while during the first fiscal year of the
present one lliey were only f .j,sm,4 1 v.
Hut unfortunately the official figures do
not bear out this statement. According j
to the report of Mr. Delano for 1808 the
expenses of collecting tlielevenue for
18fift was $S.77o,814 and that for the fol
lowing year, was $7,394,305 so that even if
the present administration were respon
sible for the entire reduction for that
year the. difference would only be $.182,-
41it instead of $2,471 ,.'583. But unfortu
nately for even this favorable view of
the matter, the truth is that Johnson was
in the presidential chair for nearly two
thirds of that year. Taken altogether
the present administration has undoubt
edly done much in regard to tnis matter
thai deserves the highest praise, hut
there is no necessity or even excuse for
such wholesale misrepresentation as is
frequently indulged in. Such assertions
arc loo easily disproved and once shown
to be false, throw doubt upon all other
declarations in regard to the party and
what it has done.
encv with which many of our best and owed the terrible calamities in Wisoon-
sin and Michigan. He recommended
that the convention direct public thought
to the subject, and action was taken ac-
ruiresr niinrls looL- Inlo I lie future. There i Sill and
is hardly an institution, froui the ballot,
up. which has not been in some manner
befouled, or lias not in sonic degree de
cayed: and if the devotion called out by
the war, and the tremendous force and
activity of commerce and industry, and
the perennial flow of benevolence of
the depth and vehemence of which it
sometimes takes a calamity like the Chi
cago fire to remind us were, not a con
stant illustration' of the richness and
trength of the material with which the
American legislator has to deal, many an
earnest man would feel disposed to give
up tlie fight as lost already lost after a
single charge lost before one quarter of
the national forces had lieen brought into
Of course the approach of this crisis is
not yet certain, but there are many signs
that the growing despondency of the
Democratic party will finally end in the
dissolution of that organization, and
tint, once accomplished, there would be
brought into play many elements which
the existence and activity of that party
now keep out of sight, and whose ulti
mate results would lie the inauguration
of that universal system ot reform so
much needed.
of
NEWS OF THE WEEK
At Home
l.v Xew York the political situation
seems to be growing more and more in
lercsting. The war between the two
factions of Ihe Republican parly still
continues and waxes more intense in its
feeling as the time for holding the elec
tion approaches, Conkling and Kenton
persist in sacrificing so far as their in
fluence can do it the party and the in
terests of the. public, to their own prl
vate schemes of aggrandizein
Scarcely a day passes, but. that the hat
tie with Tannnanv, in which both claim
tn be engaged, is stopped in a serio-comic
manner by a scrimmage in the opposing
ranks, caused by somebody's dropping
his musket to kick tlie shins or punch
the head of the next man in the ranks
Di.iuxi; the past week the series of
races for the tueen's cup have been ter
minated, and their results incontestably
prove that in the matter of building and
sailing yachts America need ask no fa.
vorsof any nation, liad the Xew York
Yacht Club made its arrangements for
the third race in a manner worthy of its
reputation, the Livonia would not. have
won a single one of the races. As it is
the stars and stripes stand credited with
four victories won in a fair fight, and
against them stands one defeat brought
about by careless management. I his is
an exhibit of which we may well be
proud, and we have no doubt that 31 r.
-Vshbury is ready to admit that the con
querors, aw worthy of their triumplu
As yet it is almost impossible to pre
sent a complete list ot the insurance
companies that have been obliged to sus
pend on account of the Chicago fire.
The following may, however, be relied
ution as tolerably accurate, and gives all
companies outside of Illinois:
Atlantic, of Providence, R. I.
American, of Providence, II. I
A st or, of Xew York city.
.-Etna, of "Xew York city.
Albany City, of Albany.
American Central, of St. Louis.
Atlantic, of Xew York.
Iteekman, of Xew York city.
Bu'alo City, of Buffalo.
Buffalo Fire and Marine, of Buffalo.
Commonwealth, of Xew York.
Commerce, of Albany.
Capital City, of Albany.
Charter Oak, of Hartford, Conn.
Cleveland insurance Company
Cleveland,
Commonwealth, ot Xew l orlc.
Connecticut, of Hartford. Conn"
Kxcelsior, of Xew York.
Kulton,of Xew York.
Gerinania, of Cleveland,
Great Western, Chicago Xew York
Hope, of Providence, R. I.
Hide and Leather, of Boston.
Irving, of Xew York,
iudciiendent, of Boston.
Lancaster, Insurance Company
Peniisvlvania.
Lorillard, of Xew York.
Lycoming, of Marcy, Pcnn.
Market, of Xew York.
Manhattan, of Xew York.
Merchants, of Hartford, Conn.
Xew Amsterdam, of Xew York.
Xew Knghind. Fire and Marine, of
Boston.
Norwich Insurance Company, of Xor
wich, 'onii.
Xational, of Boston, Mass.
Xorth American Fire, of Xew York.
North American, of Hartford, Conn.
Occidental, of San Francisco.
Providence Washington, Providence,
r. r.
Putnam, of Hartford, Conn,
Roger Williams, of Providence, R. I.
Security, of Xew York.
Teutonia, of Cleveland, O.
Tremont, of Cleveland, O.
Western of Buffalo, X. Y.
Washington, of Xevr York.
Vonker and Xew York, of X. Y.
of
2ens have no desire to strike a line ot ac
tion not common to the whole people,
and concludes with hope for the speedy
abolition of slavery in every part of the
world.
Despite the quarrels which are waste
ing the strength of the Republican party
in Xew York, there is yet a chance for
their" success as arrayed against the pow
er of Tammany. But. this is due more
to the growing conviction of the tin worth
iness of this latter party, than to any
well directed attack on the part of their
opponents. The two Republican leaders
will probably succeed in losing many
votes, that would be cast for their party
but for their persistency in advocating
self, and It may be will so far neutralize
the country vote as to lose the state. But
so rapidly are the adherents of Tammany
deserting that sinking ship, that there
are even yet hope of carrying the State
for the Republicans, notwithstanding
the dissensions in the Republican ranks.
It. is reported that Prince Bismarck
and Count Beust have compelled the
Roumanian Government to provide for
the gradnal payment of the railway
bonds now held by sundry German cap
italists. It now remains to be seen
whether the people of tlie Principalities
are ready to carry out the engagements
of Its rulers. If they should refuse todo
so, It is probable that Charles of Hohen
y.ollern will resign his office of Hospodar,
and what, may follow such a step it. is
hard to say. The seed of the Gastien
and Salzburg conference is beginning to
bud. What fruit, it will bring forth it is
hard to say, but the indications are that
the "Eastern tjuestitiu" will not. be jier
iiiitted to solve itself in its own good
time. The sword has not yet lieen dis
carded, and this generation may live to
see Grnvelottc and Sedan outdone.
h it telegraphic reports say that with
in a short time the Hank of France has
found it necessary to issue notes for
small amounts, thus creating a fraction
al currency on the American plan. This
is no doubt the result of the large ex
IMirtation of"gold and silver coin to tier
Tiiany, in payment of t he war indemnity.
Count Bismarck is following a very fool
ish as well as dangerous course
In regard to the Versailles Gov
ernment. He thus iimioys the
money markets of the world, cripples
his debtor France and does no good
to his own country. If he. is merely
keeping the immense quantity of tho
precious metals which are in his posses,
sion for the purpose of re-coining them
according to a new German standard,
he would no well to spend as short a
time in the process as. he possibly can,
otherwise there is no telling to what ex
tent the monetary system of the world
will be deranged.
Despondent Democracy.
Cuder the influence of the late elec
tions held in this and other states, and
the disclosures of the gigantic frauds in
New York, the Democratic party are be
ginning to experience a demoralization
such as they have never experienced.
Their prosjiects for success in the coming
presidential campaign are almost hope
less, and this fact, as it is slowly and
reluctantly admitted by the various party
organs, produces a dispondency among
the faithful that is almost painful to wit
ness. In fact, there does not seem to be
any chance that a man who shall be
identified with that part3", can by any
combination of circumstances be elected
in 1S72. It was the consciousness of this
state of affairs that originally produced
the "new departure," for, realizing that
it was impossible to make the old party
creed acceptable to the country, the
leaders were determined to furnish one
that would be acceptable. But this scheme
was also doomed to failure, for the rea
son that the people notwithstanding its
apparent fairness could not be got to be
lieve in its sincerity and genuineness.
Like the discharged convict who finds
his past character an insurmountable
obstacle to obtaining employment, the
Democractic party is now in a worse
plight than ever before, as is plainly evi
denced by its recent defeats in Califor
nia, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
The consequence is that this feeling on
their part will probably lead to a crisis
which will end that condition of affairs
from which sprung the organization of
the Republican party. The first, and
indeed great object of this latter party,
was the prevention of the extension of
slavery into the territories, the con
duct of the war, the extinction of sla
very, and the equalization of all in the
eyes of the law, grew out of this, but
since these objects have all been accom
plished, as they were by the adoption of
the Fifteenth Amendment, the only mis
sion that remained for the Republican
party to jierform hail been to watch the
Democratic organization, to prevent,
them from undoing what, has been ac
complished. But this consciousness that
it was holding its position simply because
there was no one else who could lie trust
ed to fill it, has proven quite as disas
trous tn the party as it would to mi in,
dividual. No one can deny but. that the
organization hassutl'ered from this nt
least, no one who is a careful and candid
observer. Its platforms have developed
in wind: the ollice-holding element has
increased in influence and activity, and
its reliance on mere party discipline has
grown more confident, as no positive,
work arose fur it to do beyond the nega
tive task of waiting and watching. As
a natural result the best men of the
party came, to feel that the only hope for
a positive, progressive movement lay in
the death of the Democratic parly for
that organization out of the. way there,
would be no further necessity to act as
"keeping -watch," aud the attention of
onto.
At the meeting of the American Miss
ionary Association held in Cincinnati,
tlie. following omcers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, IJ. M
Bishop, of Ohio; Vice Presidents, Isaac
Krrett, ot onio, w. jv. I'euuieton, ot
West Virginia, Roliert Milligan, of Ken
tucky; Corresponding Secretary, Thom
as Honell, of Kentucky Recording Sec
retaries, M. Green, ot Ohio, .Josepl
Bennett, of Ohio, and O. Ebbet, of Mich
lgau.
Saturday morning an engine and sev
eral carsof a freight train on the Dayton
and Michigan Railroad were thrown
from the track at a gravel pit north of
Davton, seriously though not lataiiy in
hiring Engineer Craig.
On Monday last, at Cincinnati, the
board of directors of the Andes Insur
ance Company received the report of the
adtuster from Clucago, aud, the losses be
ing above the amount first reported, it
was unanimously resolved to pay all
proper losses in Chicago, and receive
from stockholders subscriptions of five
hundred thousand dollars to make good
the technical impairment of the capital,
and continue business. Thirteen stock
holders present subscribed their pro rata
amount before the meeting adjourned.
On the same day the Christian Mission
ary Convention adjourned. The treas
urer's report showed receipts during the
year of $48,000. Jacob Burnet resigned
his office of recording secretary, and W.
C. Davidson of Louisville was elected.
DISTRICT OF I'OI.CMBIA.
The collector of customs of Gloucester
officially notified the Secretary of the
Treasury of the seizure of the schooner
Edward" A. Horton, by the. Dominion
cutter Sweepstakes, for an alleged viola
tion of the Canadian fishery laws. The
owner went to Guysboro' to look after
the vessel, aud tound tier lying at a
wharf. He quietly and peaceably took
possession of her and sailed for Glouces
ter. There has been no condemnation
of the vessel by the English courts.
The rooms of the United States and
British Commission have been neatly
furnished, and apartments designated
for the court commissioners and secre
tary. The commission are now pre
pared lor business, but the session will
not be resumed till the 5th of Novem
ber. In the meantime, the. instructions
and necessary blanks will be furnished
to all who may desire them.
Accounts from Georgia say that Judge
Erskine is determined to show that
there is no occasion for the presence of
the military. Ins officers arresting al
leged Ku Kluxlsts by scores in the up
per part ot the state.
Ex-Senator Cattell, as one of the com
missioners of the Post. Office Department,
is in receipt of information that the
government of Ecuador has signed tlie
postal convention tor the international
mail via the Isthmus of Darien. By the
terms of the convention the exchange
of ratification shall take place at "Wash
ington in six mouths, or as much sooner
as practicable.
The President declines attending the
re-union of the Society of the Army of
the Cumberland at Detroit, on the loth
of Xpvember, in consequence of the
pressure of official duties.
To show the value of the postal treaty
recently negotiated betw een the United
States and Great Britain, it may be stated
that during tlie first week of his opera
tion $8,340 Were sent from tlie Washing
ton office to Great Britain, and that $3,320
were received at the same office from
Great Britain.
A petition was received at the execu
tive mansion, fifty feet long, signed by
the women of Utah, protesting against
polygamj', and urging effective meas
ures to suppress the practice in that ter
ritory. It is probable regulations will soon be
issued from the Treasury Department
concerning redemption of mutilated
currency, by which fractional currency
notes will be redeemed to full value
when less than one half the note is muti
lated, and when over half is destroyed
there will be no redemption. This refers
alone to fractional currency.
cordinglv. the clergy and members of
the church being invited to give sub
scriptions, and Bishops Armitage of
Wisconsin, and McCloskev of Michigan,
be sent with them for distribution. j
A message was received from the House
of Bishops announcing the acceptance
ot the resignation of l.ight l.ev. lr.
Payne, Missionary Bishop at Cape Pal
mos, Africa.
The Committee on Praver Book report
ed that they tlo not; think it exiedient to
set lortli any additional service lor burial
of such persons as cannot, because of the
first rubric in tlie service lor the burial
of the dead, be buried with tfiat service.
Ihe same Committee reported that they
deemed any action looking to a change
in the prayer for the President as inex
pedient: also, that inasmuch as any de
parture from the standard edition of the
Book of Prayer is now wholly unauthor
ized, no further legislation is required.
CTAJt.
At Salt Lake Citv, on Friday night, the
jury in the Hawkins case came in with a
sealed verdict which, on wing opened
the following forenoon, wa-s found to be
"guilty." The court-room was crowded
mid the announcement created much sen
sation, nie counsel for the people
moved the court that the defenda-nt be
taken into custody, which motion was
stoutly resisted by the defendant's at
torney, ihe prosecution, however, were
firm in their demand that the case should
take tlie ordinary course, and the United
States Marshal accordingly was directed
to hold Hawkins as a prisoner. Time
was allowed to prepare a motion for a
new trial, and arrest judgment. The
penalty of the Utah statutes for the crime
of adultery is imprisonment not exceed
ing twenty years and not less than three
years, or by" a fine of not oyer one thou
sand dollars, or both fine and imprison
ment, at the discretion of the court.
This is a test case, and virtually places
the polygamist at the mercy of the first
wife, who, under the act is the only par
ty who can institute proceedings against
the husband. The case was contested on
both sides with great determination,
and the charge of Chief Justice McKean
to tlie jury is spoken of as being emi
nently able. At the request of counsel,
sentence was deferred until the 28th.
The case of Sarah A. Cook vs. Brigham
Young is still on trial.
there is some excitement among
poivgamists as to Hawkins s late. i he
court-room was thronged with women.
Hawkins, apparently wholly uncon
cerned, was remanded to prison at Camp
Douglas. The Mormons talk peace, pro
vided Brigham is not subjected to im
prisonment. They say Krigham would
submit, but his followers will never al
low it.
Il.l.rxots.
In Chicago, during the past week, at a
meeting ot the congregation of the
Fourth Presbyterian church. Professor
David v mg, pastor, it was ascertained
on close, investigation that eight hundred
worshipers in that church had been
burned out of their dwellings and are
homeless to-dav. Their house of wor
ship, and their Erie mission school were
likewise destroyed. In fact, the home of
not a single worshiper escaped destruc
tion. This was one of the most flourish
ing Presbyterian churches in the city
1 here are indications that the Chicago
Insurance Companies will do much bet
ter than has lieen generally cxiiectc-d
The Republic, which at first resolved to
pay twenty-five per cent, and disband,
it is understood wilt reconsider that ac
tion and pay in full. It is hoped that
several other companies will do equally
well. It is also asserted that the Lum
bermen's will pay in full.
The entire unburned portion of the
city is now supplied with water from the
water works, it is only shut oft lrom
burned districts, where it is not needed
The committee appointed at the recent
meeting of Rock River Conference, to
ascertain tlie losses of the Methodist
churches bv the fire, report as follows
loss to Garrett's Biblical Institute, and
Din ldmgs owned in the city. $80,000
Methodist church block, $100,000; ou
urace unurcn, $iou,oou; on the Scan
davian and two German churches, $15,
000. The amount of insurance that can
be. recovered is about $80,000.
Immediately after the fire the daily ap
plication for relief, numbered about
torty thousand. Since that time the num
ber has diminished from day to dav. un
til now there are only about twenty-five
thousand daily. The shelter committee
thus far has received about twenty-four
hundred applications for lumber with
which to put up small houses for home
less families and about thirteen hundred
ot the applicants have, ud to this time
been supplied with lumber contributed
by the lumber dealers and others, which
is oeing tormea into nouses.
Tlie two political parties of Chicago
and the adjoining county, in view of the
present state of affairs growing out of
the great fire, are trying to unite upon a
union ticket for city and county officers,
to be voted for at the election which takes
place two weeks hence. Both parties
have been in Convention. It was ar
ranged between the two that the Repub
licans should have the candidates for
Mayor, City Collector, Police Commis
sioner, twelve out of the twenty alder
men, nine out of tlie fifteen County
Commissioners, Judge of the Supreme
Court and some minor officers, while the
Democrats were to have the City Treas
urer, City Attorney ,Jndge of the Circuit
Court, eight aldermen and six County
Commissioners, and some small officers.
SOCTn CAROLIXA.
Information has been received at
York, and the adjoining counties of
Spartansburg and Chester, stating that
there is great excitement there owing to
the summary proceeding of the United
States Marshal and troops. Forty-four
citizens were arrested and committed to
jail, which was already full of negroes.
Several hundred citizens deserted their
homes in consequence of the wholesale
arrests, and have sought refuge in the
woods until an opportunity presents
itself to seek safety in more distant
flight. A large reign of terror exists in
that entire section of the State, and dep
redations are leing committed on the
property of citizens fled, by negroes and
other evil disposed persons. A fight is
said to have taken place on Broad river.
between a bund of Ku-Klux and United
States troops, and the conflict was so se
vere that reinforcements have lieen
VFNXSY1.VAX1A.
The lease of the united railroad com
panies of Xew Jersey to tlie Pennsyl
vania Railroad, has been signed by all
the companies excepting ihe Trenton
Railroad. Mr. Bradford, the President
of that road, is absent in Europe, but Mr.
Gatzer, President pro tern, will sign the
lease, "by direction of tlie company ,"as
he signed on the part of the Camden ami
Am hoy road, these words being added
to his signature. The mountains above
Donphin have been on fire since Friday
last. The operator at Dauphin reports
that tlie fire extends two miles from the
river, and the entire breath of Peter's
Mountain. JThe country is shrouded in
snioke,
WISCONSIN.
The schooner It. P. Mason was eapf called for
sized while being towed to Little Tray- Later Advices state that at Spar-
ers. bv the tug Leviathan, on the iith o- tansburg. on Wednesday evening, tlie
October, and live lives were lost. The i hist of the Ku-Klux, consisting of the
sea was so rough that the tug cut tier
loose, hoping that she would drift
j ashore, but she immediately capsized.
and the tow-line getting into one of the
wheels of the tug, disabling her su that
she could not give theni any assistance
until she got iiimiii the beach, when only
four remained. The names of the
drowned are Captain Charles Dahl, E.
Martin Hanson and two men known as
Levis, and William Beebc, a fireman on
the Leviathan.
In Milwaukee the produce men and
bankers are agitating the question of a
submarine cabin ncrosu Lake, Michigan,
to open up a new route to Michigan, Can
i adu and the east. A committee, has been
I appointed to confer with the, telegraph
companies and ascertain all the facts in
'regard to the practicability of such a
movement.
A special to the Si hUihI from Beloif,
i Wisconsin, says there are large fires in
the woods seven miles east, of there.
Jim lis, stacks, &t u'cya burned iieay
Roscoe. Other fires urn reported. 'J'he
citv is tilled with dense smoke.
chief and twenty members, surrendered
to United States Marshal Johnson, with
their arms and disguises. Up to Friday
forenoon seventy arrests had been made
ill the vicinity of that town alone. Spar
tansburg is known to be the headquar
ters for that Congressional District. Ar
rests have been made in other counties,
hut the number is not known.
Attorney General Akertnau is still
with Colonel Merrill. A number of well
known citizens are missing, including
Lylc, mcniher ot the legislature, who Is
reported (ohe Chief of the Klan for that
pUtt-iiil, Among those who have disap
peared art two or three clergymen
known for their strong rebel proclivi
ties. The officers, of the law are pro
ceeding steadily with their work, and
before the arrests arc all made they will,
it. is affirmed, show the existence of a
deep and wide conspiracy against the
State, the laws anil all who sustain them,
Most of the Kn-Klux-Khin are refugees,
and live known to have gope to Georgia,
where the order is quite strong. The
"Graud C'vclone" for that Stale is he-
XEW YORK.
Helen Josephine Mansfield has com
menced a suit against James Fisk, Jr.,
for the recovery of fifty thousand dollars,
money alleged to have been used by the
defendant as agent of tlie plaintiff. The
process was served on t isk Monday. j
On Thursday night burglars took ten i
Thousand dollars from the safe of W. L. j
Fuller, jeweler. It is supposed that the
safe was opened with false keys. i
Custom officials ou Wednesday seized
over $20,000 worth of Scor's porcelain
ware works of art which were being
smuggled through Castle Garden. The
smuggler was arrested.
The Xorth American Iusurance Com
pany has suspended. A receiver has
lieen appointed. The losses are estimat
ed at between $000,000 ai id $700,000. The
asets are about $800,000.
Brennan's defection is said to be very
injurious to Tammany. Other promi
nent Tammany men are expected to fol
low his example.
The Times suggests that in case a jury
cannot be found in the city to convict
the municipal thieves, the trials should
be held m Saratoga county, where tne
Democracy are not under the control ot
the ring. The same journal charges Toin
Fields, Tammany politician, with being
concerned in the passage, for a consider-
ution, ot large illegal claims against the
city.
At base ball at Xew York, on Saturday,
theMutuals made eleven and ttie btars
one. At Troy, White Stockings eleven,
Haymakers five. The White Stockings
will play the Athletics of Philadelphia
the deciding game ot the season, in
Brooklyn, oh Wednesday, and play the
Haymakers at Troy on Thursday and
i nday.
John Moon, late assistant superinten
dent of the box department of the city
post office has been held to await the ac
tion ot the grand jury on the charge ot
opening letters and embezzling tlie con
tents.
Advices from Rochester sav that exten
sive fires are prevailing in the swamps
and woods of Monroe, .Niagara, Genesee,
Wayne and Seneca counties. The wind
has been blowing a perfect gale, and
much anxiety is felt throughout the
burning districts. The smoke obscures
the sun to such an extent that lights have
to be used in buildings in that
city. Reports are constantly coming in
of tires in all directions.
Near Auburn on Tuesday, about three
acres of the forest was burned. The
flames were subdued by the labors of the
people of the neighborhood. The Mon
tezuma marshes nave been burning for
several da-s. These marshes are two
miles wide and about twelve long.
t Trov the woods near the Shaker
settlement, are on fire, and it is. feared
that considerable damage will be done.
A large fire is raging in the Sliawan-
gunk Mountains, near Port Hixon. Sev
eral hundred acres are already burned
over. A large lire is raging in the woods
at Flatbush, hear RondoiU.
Austria.
Fhe Emperor Francis Joseph is still
undecided as to the demands of the Bo
hemian Diet. The compromise proposed
by Count Andrassy will not be accepted.
it is said Thar, in case ischemia sends no
deputies to the Reichsrath Count Hoheii-
worth will resign.
Turkey.
The Roumanian Government has hand
ed to the representatives of the financial
protection committee, a declaration con
senting to the committee proposed, made
in settling the difficulties in connection
with tlie bonds guaranted by the Oov-
vernnient, for the Strausburg railway
scheme.
Italy-
A reunion "of the ""cardinals of the
church with the arrangement of a solemn
conclave, has been completed in tlie
Vatican. Tlie question placed before their
eminences for debate was the important
one of what action should be taken by
the head of the government relative to
the claim of Italy to a supremacy of the
rule in the city and domain at the Holy
See. The cardinals have advised His Ho
liness to quit Rome, in order to preserve
his independence. Tlie Pope has deter
mined tp take his departure from Rome
at the moment of the convocation of the
Italian Parliament.
Spain.
The situation in th is country can only
be determined from rumors, as nothing
certain seems to come from there. One
rumor says that a project is on foot for
a new Ministerial Constitution, in which
Sagasta, Zorrilla and an influential Dem
ocrat are included, while another de
clares that an effort to bring about a re
conciliation between the supporters of
rsagasta and zorruln, and to lorm a co
alition ministry have failed. But, at
i least, tlie rumors which have gone abroad
of conspiracies against the Government
by partisans of the Duke of Montpen
sicr and the infant Alfonso, are without
truth. The whole kingdom is perfectly
quiet, and no demonstration of any kind
against the dynasty of Savoy is appre
hended. Germany.
In the session of the Reichsrath, Von
Roon, minister of war, in answer to an
interjxslatioii, stated that two thirds of
the infantry reserves would be shortly
permitted to return home. The cavalry
reserves, however, would for technical
reasons still remain with the colors. lie
added that the utmost relief would be
granted to volunteers for one j-ear.
The Emperor Wilhehu has made a dona
tion of one thousand thalers for the relief
of Chicago.
In parliament, tlie bill providing for
the formation of an imperial war fund
was introduced, and referred to the Com
mittee on the Budget of the Empire.
On Saturday a distinguished Prelate,
an emissary of the Pope obtained an au
dience with the Emperor, to ascertain if
it would be allowable for the approach
ing conclave to sit outside of Rome, for
instamce in some French city. The Emis
sary was referred to Bismarck whoevaded
a reply.
France.
The. Franco-German treaty has been
finally ratified. The evaeiuitiou of the
departments is progressing. The treaty
stipulated for the gradual evacuation of
the occupied departments, which is to
commence immediately on the ratifica-
i tions and continue until the. whole in
demnity is completely liquidated, where
upon the French troops will immediate
ly occupy the m. A general feeling of
satisfaction is expressed atjhe conclu
sion of the negotiations.
A dispatch from Metz reports that ser
ious troubles have arisen between the
Xorth mid South German soldiery in
garrison there, and that, several ciH-oun-ters
have occurred between members of
Bavarian and Prussian regiments.
The number of Comniunistsi'eleased
by the courts are not less than ten thous
and. There Is great scarcity of money in
Paris, and to relieve in some measure the
public distress the Bank of France com
menced the. issue of 3r,000,(00 francs in
currency of small denominations.
The Courier Diplomatique publishes
what it says is a semi official communica
tion, in which it is stated thet. in ISUJ
Earl Russell, then British Minister of
Foreign Allairs made overtures through
Lord Cowley, British embassador to
Paris, to Rcifhcp, proposing an alliance
offensive and defensive with France to
help Denmark, in case. Prussia and Aus
tria should declare war against her.
England was to co-operate with France,
ami was willing to promise France, lu
whereupon Earl Russell replied that it
was too late, as Her Majesty's govern
ment had decided not to interfere in the
case of Denmark. Xo attempt was made
to re-open the subject.
England.
Henry Howard, agent of the British
government at Washington in the mat
ter of the reception of claims of British
subjects upon the United States, has lieen
instructed" not to present any of those
claims until the claimant has filed at the
office of the commissioners appointed
under the treaty of Washington a for
mal statement of the claim required by
the rules adopted by the commission.
It is now certain that the Gastien Con
ference agreed upon enegetic measures
for tlie suppression of the Internationals.
Italy refuses to co-operate with the
movement, alleging that the Italian agi
tators are thoniselves opposed to the so
ciety. Napoleon has returned to Chiselhurst.
He tells an interviewer that the present
government of France is weak and in
adequate to the wants of the country.
The great Mordaunt scandal case will
shortly come up again before the courts,
when "the whole issue will be re-opened,
and singular and interesting develop
ments are expected.
j Another frightful colliery explosion
took place in the Schohan mine, near
Xew Castle. Thirty-three men were in
the pit at the time, none of tnem have
vet been reached. There is searciy a
hope of saving a single life. The fami
lies of the victims, with large numbers
of people, have gathered around tne
month of the pit.
Executors Notice.
Notice is hereby riven that the sulscrilu'r has
been dulv appointed ami muilitied as execu
tor on the estate ol Seymour It. ltexl'oiM, late of
Mentor, Lake County, tloccaseii.
I:ltott at Concord, 'Ohio, this:M dav of Oct..
ISti. James M. w ells.
dk-l.
FRESH
Buckwheat Flour
AT
O. ICXJITZ &c S CUSPS,
163 State Street.
l.-.bkl
Facts Will Show.
Th c PA JXES VITjIjE
JOUliXAL,
0
Reasons why the Journal
Has Met -with Such
Success.
First .--necane il is the larcresf paper ever
published in this county, and because it fur
nifhes each week nearly three columns
more rcncliiijsr than nil flic other pa
perN combined.
Second. llecause it has a larger list of
contributors than any oilier paper in
Northern Ohio.
in itself is almost uupnralelled, the following:
to eacb one compoainf the clnb we
will present a copy of one of the
Steel Plate Enftravingii, which sell
at (3. so apiece. So that in presenting tul
premium, our olt'cr stands M follows: to any per
son procuring us the name (and money) for one
hundred and twenty-Bve yearly subscribers to
the Jovexal, we will present a Seventy Dollar
Klias Hovro Sewing Machine, and at the same
time will give to each of the persons belonging
to the club, a beautiful engraving, the price of
which would be JUST THE SAME as the origi
nal subscription price to the paper, namely Two
twiiars.
However men may disagree.
As many do, we know.
In some things they alike can see.
As many fact will show.
In politics men differ wide,
And in religion too,
And in some other things beM.le,
Which they've a right to do;
But many boys and girls, when they need Rooks,
Paper, Ink, Pencils--a school outfit complete,
Agr3e to buy them at Colby's Store,
Seventy-two Main Street.
So comeone and all, both great and small,
Xo matter what you think.
And look nt Colby's Wall Paper,
Window Shades. Books, Albums, and don't
forget to inquire for the Diaries for Holi
days Goods will be on hand in due season. If
you do not buy you will tind it a very goed place
M. H. COLBY,
FINANCIAL
to post up in prices.
14tf3
Main Street.
ELIAS HOWIE.
187 1.
1871.
mOXKY .MAIIKET.
PAlSESVtLLK, October 27 3 P. M.
The demand for money is sharp and the re
serve low.
Eastern Exchange Easy.
Gold in Xew York at 112's'.
Government Stocks upward. Lake Shore 98.
The 7 3-10 Northern Pacific bonds held for sale
by the First Xational Bank will make a desira
ble investment for those who are contemplating
an exchange of securities or new purchase.
Price, par and accrued interest.
All persons holding 5-20 1862 Government
Bonds of the first series should dispose of thein
as soon as possible, as the Government wilt not j
pay interest on them after the 1st day of Decem
ber. Later issues of bonds or stocks of any kind
sold at the Stock Exchange in Sow York, fur
nished at small commission by the Eirst Xa
tional Bank.
Bnving. Setting
Gold Ill
Silver large
Silver small
r-ixes or 1SS1 cnop 11 117
Five-Twenties (1S62) cou 114 114'i
Five-Twenties (18fi4) cou HSy 114
Five-Twenties (1KS5) cou. (old).. 114 114!i
Five-Twenties (1SI15) Jan. A Julv. lVi H3'i
Five-Twenties (1807).... 11-2'j lKt'i
Five-Twenties 1SSS") 112!i 113',
Ten-Forties 109 lfKHj
hixi currency llfJi m.'i
MEAD PAYNE,
MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS IX
C-A-ZOinSTIET WAH-E
Xos. SI akd 53 Main Street,
PAIXESVILLE, OHIO,
Have constantly on hand a well-selected a-
sortmeut ot
PARLOR AXD CHAMBER SETS, TETE-A-
TKTES, SOFAS, SOFA CHA1KS, E.lSl
CHAIRS, LOUNGES. MARBLE. MA
HOGANY AXD WALSl.'T TOP
CE1TTEE, TABLES
EXTENSION AND DINING ROOM TABLES,
111 SH, CANE WOOD SKAT CUAlKft. CJ
VEN WIRE MATTRESSES, luxurious
and durable. BOOK-CASES, MIR
RORS, SPUING BEDS, WHAT
NOTS, FOLDING CHAIRS,
&C, AC, AC.
COMMERCIAL.
rAIAEKVII.I.K itlAKKET.
We have added to our former Ware Rooms the
rooms No 5t Main street, which arives us
creased facilities for doing business. Give us a
I call. No trouble to show goods.
Journal Office, Oct. S7 6 P. M.
Our reports are all made up to this (Saturday)
morning, and include the latest quotations from
the various points where markets are given.
The general tendency of the Provision Slarket I
is upward.
Buying.
A A prmg neat r lour.
XX Red Winter do
XXX Amber do
XXX While do
Rye f lo
Graham Flour per cwt
Buckwheat Flour, per cwt.
Corn Meal, car. ..1 1 S0fcwt
i nop r eed, car. l on pen t
D. W. MEAD.
GEO. W. PAYXE.
itrs
Salt, nerbhl...
No. 1 Mackerel, tier i bid
No. 1 White Fish, per K bid.
No. 1 Trout, per bbf.
Potatoes, car
White Wheat, new
Red Wheat..
Rye
Corn, shelled
Corn, ear
Buckwheat
Oats,
Butler
Lard
Cheese
Tallow
Chickens, ih
Hams
Shoulders
Dressed Hogs
Beef
Eggs
Beans
Dried Apples
Green Apples.
Hay
Quinces
45 store
1 401 5(1
1 SIKn'l 4(1
111
Selling,
(i M
7 Wl
8 (O
9 00
5 Oil
4 mi
5 III)
l no
l t
'2 tW
13 ut
ail
5 40
GO
ELIAS HOWE
74
70
19',
15'i
Hi;
5 00"
500(8.7
4S
27
14
15
It
Hi
IK
1:1
PEOPLE'S
OYSTER DEPOT
IS NOW OPEN AT
No. 99 BANK STREET,
Where isjkent. constantly on hand a full supply
oi tne ionowing articles;
00
CAST,
3 ii5
1 25(32 09
SfttBc.
50yr( 75
1! 00'
1 OOfftl 50 l SSCirl
COUNT,
QUAUT AXP SJJETX
Cleveland.
Cleveland, Oct. 97
The following are the wholesale selling prices
which arc carefully revised aud corrected. The
report of the sales of grain always Indicates the
price from store unless otherwise designated
Flouk The market is steady and unchanged.
Wc quote as follows:
City-made XXX white 8 iHfi'S 50
A A amner 1 ias oil
XX red Xo. 1 7 25(i7 50
X red No. S 75M7 00
XX Knrinir
Country-made X X. white 7 75058 00
XX red 7 00(47 25
XX amber 7 mat 25
A rcu 6 50(ff0
Rte Flour Quiet, at 4,755,00.
Wheat No. 1 red 1 36; Xo. 2 do. at 1 35.
Corn At 60c for low mixed; tile for high
mixed.
Oats At 39c for No. 1 State.
Rte At 75c for No. 9.
Barley At 80cgl,0O for State and Canada.
Pork A 13,0013 50 for No. 1 Mess; 12,50
13,00 for No. 2 do; 14,0014,25 for Extra Clear;
14,50 for Extra Short Clear.
Lard City rendered 10c in kegs; 9fic in
tierces. Country rendered ilc below these
figures.
Beep At 12 0013 for Extra Mess.
Butter Choice at 22!i;23c.; good to prime at
1620c; inferior to common 10i4c
Cheese Choice factory 13ai5c.
Eggs At 25(5:26.
Potatoes At floe, on track; 70c. from store.
Onions At 2.2552,50 for Silver Skins.
Poultry Live chickens at 910c per pound;
ducks 10llc
Green Apples At 2 50(3-3 80 per barrel.
Sweet Potatoes At 8 OOgs 25 for Jerseys;
2,25((f 2,75 lor State.
Oysters, Clams, Lobsters, Shrimps, Eels,
on-sneu uraos ana xurixe.
Families. Tarties, Restaurants and Ho
tels supplied at the lowest price and at the
shortest possible notice.
12tf4
Third. Because it is in every sense of the
word, "a live paper," "for live people."
Fourth. llecause it is, in the broadest sense,
fair aud independent ujion all subjects, wheth
er Social, Religious or Political.
t'iftli. llecause its articles are all to the point,
and its columns are not filled with long and
prosy essays devoid ot" all interest.
Sixth llecause it gathers the news from all
quarters of the world, by telegraph and
through its own special correspondents and re
porters, and condenses it into such brief shape
as to present a reliable mirror of all that is go
ing on in this. nid other countries.
Seventh.--Because its Market Reports of
Stock, grain, groceries and agricultural pro
ducts, of home and foreign markets are always
reliable.
Eitrhth.--Because it is a paper for the Home
Circle always having something for the young
folks, as well as for the old folks; something
for the humorous as well as for the thoughtful;
something for the gentlemen as well as for the
ladies; in fact, something for all tastes.
The Journal presents the greatest number of
regular and carefully edited departments of any
paper published in this section.
The Literary Department
Will always be found filled with choice and
varied reading, either written expressly for the
Journal by the best authors of the laud, or
carefully selected from the ablest home and for
eign publications. The serials are exciting.
and free from any of the objectionable features
of ordinary sensational Romances. the essavs
upou lteligious,Social or Polit ical topics are able
fair and liberal its humcrous column quaint,
fanciful and witty its general articles spicy and
interesting, and its Poetry, original and selected,
pure, chaste and of the highest order.
The Children's Column.
Has already ocquired a reputation which was
well expressed by oue of the lady subscribers
who said ''That one column alone was well
worth the whole price of subscription. It
stories are prettv and inculcate the highest
morality."
The Relig-iou Xevt s
i culled from the religious publications of the
whole world, and presents a brief but compre
hensive view of nil that occurs of interest during
each week, together with such other items of
general religious information as are of interest
to all.
The Agricultural Column
Is carfully edited with a desire to always pres
ent reasonable suggestions and hints that wi
benefit the Farmers generally, and advance all
aggricultural interests.
The Column of Practical Hints
Is prepared with the greatest care, aud will be
found to contain much information that will
be of use in the family and in the workshop.
No receipts are presented without first having
been practically tested, ami hence may be re
lied upon.
The Editorials
Will always lie fair and impartial, and as able as
the abilities of the editor will enable them to be.
The New s of the Week
Is a department which is alone wnrthjthe full
price of subscription. In it will be found the
atest and most reliable news of the whole week,
collected from every part of the world. It is
carefully prepared and arranged in States and
Countries. The entire civilized world is repres
ented in the column'devoted to this department,
and no other paper here presents in its entire
contents so great an amount of reliable informa
tion in regard to the doings everywhere as is
found in this one department alone.
The Jlarkcti
In all the principal cities from which produce is
received or to which it is sent, are given uptothe
latest hour of going to press and are always re
liable and correct.
The Local Sou s
From all parts of the County is full and com
plete. The reporters and correspondents of the
Journal are able, and spare no labor in col
lecting items so as to make their several depart
ments to contain everything that may transpire.
The Columns of the Journal
are ever open to the discussion upon any topic,
of public interest wnich contains no element of
personalities, and, although the editor will not
hold himself rcsiHinsible for the views and opin
ions that ftsay be advanced, yet the contributors
are at liberty to advocate such as may seem
proper to them in support of their positions.
The Journal
In short is a paper wherein Freedom of Speech,
Energy In Collecting News, firmness in Discus
sion and the broadest Liberality in all things will
alwavs be found.
0
Sewing Machine
ALSO
GIVEN AWAY.
Another splendid chance to anyone desirinr
to obtain a genuine
Elias Howe Sewiusr Ma.
chine! For Nothing!
To any person getting up a club of one hun.
area yearly subscribers, and forwarding
me price oi suoscriprion, mju, we will present
one of the Justly celebrated Elias Howe Sewing
mcu sen m u;. w, aua to each OF
the persona composing- the club we will
present a splendid steel-plate engrav
ln; which retails at t2.00. The only
iliflerence between this club and the Dreceedlnir
one is in the value of the machine, and conse
quently in the number of subscribers required.
iiie macuiue tor .uu is the same at that for
..cicc,iiimiioiie is provided with a cover
and the other is not. In every other particular
the two are Identical.
Other Splendid Premiums.
WATCHES of the World-
Renowned American
Watch Company's
Make Given
Por
NEW SUBSCRIBERS
TO THE
Painesville Journal.
As Follows:
To any person procuring fiftv new wm.
ly subscribers to the Journal, will be pre
sented one of the American Company's
Sterling Silver, Hunting Case, en-
airnes. These watches are
furnished with solid silver caps, and will be
warranted as genuine American works, and sol
id Sterling SilverCases. The regular price
for the watches Is 140.00. As inaU other
clubs, so in this we will in order to enable those
getting up the lists to offer every inducement
also give to each one of the fifty persons compos
ing the club, one of the large Steel Plate En
gravings, 32x24, which retail at 2.00, jutt the
subscription price of the paper itself.
To any person procuring f arty new year
ly subscribers to the Journal, we will pre
sent a watch precisely similar to the above in bt
ery respect, except the weight of the cases, and
which retails at S30.OO, and as before an engraving-
to each of the (arty subscribers.
OTHER PREMIUMS
KOR
Smaller Clubs.
A Rare Chance to Procure
Standard Works i
BY THE
BEST AUTHORS, j
For Thirty new subscribers will be given a
splendid copy of Webster's I nabridsred
Dictionary, which sells at tlS.SO. and to
each of the thirty members of the club
one of the 2.00 Engravings.
Or for thirty new Subscribers win be
given a full bound set of Dickon's Works,
which retail at 9.00, and a years subscription
to the Optic's Boys and Girls Magazine, the sub
scription price of which is 3 OO, while an tn-
i-ravlng-valued at 2.00 will be given to each
of the club.
For twenty subscribers will be given
a years subscription to any two of the following
named magazines or papers: Cassell's Magazine
(monthly parts reprint), price 3.50 per annum;
Hearth and Home, weekly, price 2.00 per an
num: Home Journal, weekly, 3.00 pea annum;
New York Ledger, weekly, price' 8.00 perau
Tlio Rural New Yorker, weekly, 3.00 per an
mini; Godcy's Lady's Book, monthly, price 8.01
per annum, and each of the twenty In the
club will also lie presented with a magnifi
cent steel plate engraving- valued at
S2.00
For ten subscribers a years subscription
to any one of the magazines or papers named
above; will be given to the getter up of the club
and an Engraving to each member of the club.
For Fire subscribers an engraving
as above and the Journal for year
will be sent to the getter up of the club, and an
engraving toeach one of thea Aer fire
comjiosing the cluli.
Cincinnati.
Cincinnati, Oct. 27.
Cotton Dull; low middling at 1.7 He.
Flour Family 6,50(80,73.
Wheat At 1,&1(1,87.
Mutter At 3334c
Cuekse At 14S15c.
Pork At 12,37(312,30.
L,ARD-At
Bacon Shoulders 7.'3'(a7.'icsides 7.',(g,7,,c.
Wiuskv At 'J0c
H. W. BEARD,
Has now on hand mm is constant lv receiving
tlie new Fall aud Winter stvles i
BONNETS, HATS,
FLOW E US, rLVXEZ,
And such other goods as are generally kept in a
MILINEHY- STORE, which will be
SOLD LOW FOE CASH.
Business lilsce ilirectlv ovtu FIKI.D
SWKEZY'S store, going up'the stairs lending to
i owier s Dental Kooms.
IStfS
FOR: NOTHING.
Notwithstanding the large numbers of subscri
bers who are already enrolled upon tne Sub
scription Hook of the Joi unai,, it is hoped that
1 the next thirty davs will see the list grown to
twice its present size. Twenty-five hundred
subscribers by the first of January are the least
that are expected, aud in order to secure thein.
one of the largest and most liberal Premium
Lists ever otl'ered by any paper, is now offered
for all to avail themselves of.
J5Q5" To every new yearly subscriber, on and
after this date, will be presented a beautiful
Steel Plate Engraving,
SIZE 18x24-
The retail price of which is everywhere not
less thau $2.00.
Remember, This is not a premium offered,
in case you secure one or more new subscribers
aside from your own, but is a magnificent pres
ent made to each and every person who shall
subscribe to the Joi-unal for one year. The
picture itself cannot be ljought for less money
than both picture and paper are furnished for in
this way. There are now fifty different varie
ties of these steel-plate engravings, but our
want of space prevents any enumeration of their
names. When a subscript ion is made the sub
scribers can takeltheir choice.
0
ELIAS HOWIE.
Toledo.
TOI.KBO, Oc.t.P'
Flovr No quotations given.
M'heat Amlier Michigan at 1,43; No. 1 ml
1,39; No. 3 do at l,33,'i(g,l,35; No 2 White Wa
bash l,4ti; So 3 White Michigan 1,41; rejected
ml 1,20.
Corn High mixed 5fl,';c; low do 55c'; Mich
igan 56c; white 57c.
OathNo. 1 3S.;(a98.-c; No. 2 SGJic.
!Vcw York. Live Mock.
N ew York, Oct 27.
Beeves Sales at 9a!,'j(r.i0c; Kentucky grades
atll,V12c.
Sheep anp Lambs Sheep 4S'ftufic. I.nmbs at
fl(tli'ac; extras 7:'c Ohio sheep sold at4.'a'5c.
Hotis Sales at 433 5c
C. H. WHEELER,
BOOTS and SHOES.
HAVING removed to 103 Main street, I have
enlarged my capacities so lhat I am now
able to manufacture anything in the custom line.
1 have also ju-t roceiveU from the best eastern
factories a stock of lirst-iiuality Boots and Shoes
for fall and winter wear which caumvt be sur
passed in this city. Kou't forget 10.1 Muiu st..
North side, sign of the Jted Itoot. Repairing
done on short notice. 1-Sai-l
II. V. MCdlNNXSS.
ERNST KI'l-'FIM.
F. E. MCCINNESS.
McfJINXK.SS, m i'KINI A
117
St PKKtOlt STKKKT,
Cleveland, Ohio,
MAXTKACTIUKKS OK S1I.K AM
C A SSI M EKE,
HATS,
aud dealers in
Hats, t aps, Kur. I. loves, I'nibrult.-ts, Trunks
Valises ami Traveling Hags.
Particular attention paid to
tlie making,
altering and repairitig
of
PATRONIZE HOME INSTITUTIONS
JUST ESTABLISHED
THIS EXCELSIOR
BOOK BINDERY
AXI
Blank Book Manitf y.
Hftviug just pnrehneI the latest improvod
machinery of every kiml lor coiuluftinjc the
business, we nre uow prepare!, to liiamitm-turrt
to order, on short notice, lor the ueof railiitails,
hanks, iucoriorMtel companies, liruis and indi
viduals, every variety of Blank Itooks ranging
in size from a Pass Book to a super Royal, fin
ished in the very best style, of the art.
We make a specialty of furnishing- Countv
Wanks. Justices JockcW aud Lexal Klankn of
every kind.
T,rtter Heads, 1UH Heads, statements, AVav
Rills. Ac. of any and every quality, cut to order
and ruled in any eoucervahle style desired.
Printers furnisheil with tte alove in quantities
to biiit, and at prices as low as Ihe lowest.
Magazines, Periodicals, and all kinds of prin
ter's work lmund on short- .notice and at prices to
mil.
Bibles and old hooks rvlic und. Book Binders'
block on hand and tor sale .at wholesale?pvicf s.
Mil. ANDREW KKSST.KR,
Who has had fifteen years' experience in th
cities of New York and Cleveland, as a ltook.
hinder, has charge of thn mechanical depart
ment. Mr. Kessler came, to us with the very
highest recommendations from prnctical mcii,
which wo consider a suflirient guarantee th.it,
all work entrusted to us w;dl he done iu a atis
lactory maimer.
We have aw good workiiien, as eoijlet and
better outui of lMaehiiierv, and buy our stock in
large quantities and a fnv as any similar estab
lishment iu Northern OhioM leveluud iucludedl.
jj and can romete with nny of them in quality and
rices ot work.
C hecks, Bands ami
not ice.
t-:ha
M'Hfm numbered on short;
t all aud examine styles and prices.
Ottletf, Uonjii No. S, up fttairs. in Parmly's new
block, ou SiuVe street, Pabteville, onto. Maim
factorv, Koout No. 6 ottnifl building.
WILSON JOHNSON.
S(Ul-'l
70.00
SE 1 VINGr MA CHINE
Groat Inducements.
MAGNIFICENT OFFER
TO
Every Subscriber of Tlie
Painesville Journal
Wanting a Per
fect Sewing
Machine.
The celebrated Klias Howe Sowing Machine is
known the world over as standing among the
few leading machines that may be called per
fect. There are so many good Sowing Machines
made now-a-day, that is h:i been a diflicuit
matter to say which K Ihe best. But we have
selected the celebrated Howe Sewing Machine
to offer n a premium, because wo consider it,
Itevoml a doubt, equal to the vkky iikt, if not
superior to any Sewing Machine Made. The
reputation of this machine for simplicity, dura
bility, rapidity of action, ami ha ing the best of
stitches, riuiksj. with ft he verv best. This ma
chine, with walnut table, cover, ami the modern
improvements sells at seventy 1oi.i.aks.
We willpreent suchjajtaachine to any person
who wiil send us the names of One MuudreA
and Tw rul v-fr-tve new subscribers, which,
at oar usual rales. $.MHeach. K
We simply want the name, with the money
of on 'A uttii 'lit tr tt twnttt-fit'c who do
not take our paper, and w ho really suherile for
it; they may be sent one t a time, or all togeth
er, they may be at one posi-ortieo, or more than
one we are only particular that they shall be
t'OHti'jii'f nfr ttttttA, 7'f.Vv. tn this liberal offer
we .ball expect ti "end one of ihee indesHiia
ble household articles into almo-l every town
ship iu this county.
Pevsons intending to take advautageof thi of
fer, and ending the subserihers names as they
obtain them, w ill please state in each instance
that they are sent on this account.
All subscriptions sent under this oifer must
begin with the number of the paper nf.xt AtTKK
THK RKCEIVT OK THK MllM
licmittaiiecs hum he maid by iost -office
tuonex -order, bank eheck, or express (paid.)
StQ In order to present every possible in
ducement t lhi'-e ih'MVtng to work for this
premium, we will add to the aboxe oiler, which
READ THIS.
As a great many persons desire to secure
one or more magazines and papers at the same
time, arrangements have been made, bf wbicb
the Journal can be furnished in connection with
tlie other publications of the ilar, on terras so
favorable, as to afford an opportunity, but sel
dom met witu, to secure them.
MONTHLIES.
The Atlantic Monthly.
The standard literary mag-axineof the country.
Harper's Monthly,
Always rich, racy and teadabl.
f
The Galaxy.
Bold, talented and liberal.
The Overland Monthly.
Fresh, piqnant and Interesting.
i!
Scrfbner's Monthly,
Karnest, capable and unbiased.
Liippincott's Magazine,
Ever tilled with varied and rare gems. Price
of the almvc magazines. Four Dollar each.
Any one of the above magazines will be sent for
oue year together with the Jotsraal, price
Two Dollars, and an enfraTlag also
worth Two Dollar, to any person who will
forward rive Dollar; or we will send any
one of the magazines for one Tear and the
engraving: to any one who will send us
twelve new cubarrioer to the Jour
nal, together with the money.
Wc will laso send the Jour nal subscription
price Two Dollars one splendid Steel
Plaic Engraving worth Two Dollar
together with:
Blackwood's (lteprint), price 4.00 for 5.95.
Frank Leslie's l.adie's Maga
zine, price 3.30 for &.3S.
American Law Register, price 5.00 for 6.5M.
Lady's Hcpository, price S JO for B.01'.
Our Young Folk's; price 9.00 for 8.71.
lVtefon's Magazine, pi-ice S.W tor 3.00.
WEEKLIES.
We will send the Journal subscription
price Two Dollaa--an Eng-raYlng
worth Two Dollars together with:
The American fit izen, price 9.0H. for 1i.
Appleton's Journal, price 4.00, for 5.V).
The Clipper, (sport ing) price 5.00 Sir 5J0.
Frank Leslie's Illustrated
Newspaper, price 4.00 for 5.50.
Frank Ilie's t 'liimnev
forncr, price 4.00 for 8. JU
Frank lslie's lKiyVaml tiirl's
Weekly, price 4.50 for .1.15.
HaiHr's llaznur, price 4.00 for 5..'i.
Harper's Weekly, price t.O.lfor 5.7J.
New York Lodger, price 3.00 for 4.".
Protestant Churchman, price 4.U)tur 4.i.
Scientific American, price U.U0 for 4..
New York Weekly Times prlcetOO for U-Ml.
New York W'klvTriliine,price.O0 for S.s.
New Y'oi-k Weekly, price 3.03 lor 4.SV.
Kvery Saturday, price 5.00 for
Toledo ltlade, price 9.00 for S.S5.
QUARTERLIES.
We will send the Journal suliscriptiou
price Two Dollars an Kniratinfi Ac.
togeihei with:
Fdinliurgli ltevieu. (Reprint) price 4.110 for 5 00.
London Quarterly Review, price 4.UI tor 5 uo.
North British Review, price 4.00 for 5.00
Westminister Review, price 4.00 for &.00.
FOREIGNWEEKXIES.
Journal subscript lu
-an Kutravln woult
Two Dollars together with:
Athcnieum. ju ice M.OO for !IU.
Hells Life, price 10.u0for "lOui.
Seetator, price 15.00 for 14.IU.
Art Journal (monthly) price 15,00 for 14.00.
Auy other publication In Lurope or America
cau be fuvuvhirt at like ii-uuu1Tle rates.
We semi the
price Two Dollars
i