THE KUTLAND HERALD.
WEDNE3DAT. OCTOBER 18, 1871.
Ilriglinm Young: In Court.
On Monday morning Brigham Yoona
appeared la court before Judge McKean.
at Salt Lake City. When the indictmen'
was read to him, and upon the question
of the clerk, Le answered, "Not guilty.''
The court room was but moderatelj
crowded and there was no excitement,
lie seomod, the dispatches cay, much im
proved in health, and was confident in
his bearing. In the ciee of Mayor D. H
Wells, the reading of the indictment wan
waived and he plead in the mme manner
as his chief, "n-it guilty." The counsel for
the defendants endeavored to obtain a con
tinuance until the nexr term, which met
with opposition from the government, but
showed a willingness to give all the timf
necessary fir a preparation for trial. The
motion for continuance was net acted up
on, but will be taken up at an early day.
The Mormons have put in circulation a
subscription paper for a defense fund to
aid Young and "Wells, aud other church
magnates in overthrowing the cliargee
brought agninst them by the United
States Grand Jury.
Unitkd States Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court of the United
States commenced an adjourned term in
Washington on Monday, when Chief Jus
tice Chase w-is present and preeided. A
number of important cases are to be de-
cidod, probably very early in the term,
among them the questions relativs to the
constitutionality of the Civil Rights bill
and of the cotton tax, and relative to lia
bilities for debt contracted in the pur
f:hse or hire of slaves, and the opinions o
the majority find minority of the Court
relative to the constitutionality of the
Legal Tender act are also to be rendered
The decision in the latter case, it will be
rom'-mbored, was rendered lnht term, but
the individual opinions of the Justices
were not then made public.
Hypocritical. Chicago has long
gloried in her wickedness U sho now
reaping the fruits r
The above from a Montreal paper is a
very good spe-iraon of the hypocritical
nonsense which a certain class of journals
are wont to iudulgo in after fhe oocur
reneo of a great calamity. We thonght
the Chicago fire was started from a kero
S3ne lamp bein,' kicked over by a cow in
a stable and we are not prepared to ac
cept the iosine thoory that the city was
destroyed and thousands of flood peoplr
made to suffer on accouat of the alleged
wickedness of a (mull part of the inhab
itants. So well siys an exchnDgo.
AUSTRIA. Iho Austrian Cabinet if
agitated by the reception of c facial ad-
vines which report the appear.ir.co of pro
vincial disturbances in the empire. The
movements have been crushed by military
foroe, but it looks as if the Emperor and
Tremier Von Beust were not exactly in
accord as to the propriety or cxpecttd
healthy results of suoh a plan of treat
ment. A Letter From Chicago.
ClIICAOO, Oct. 11.
Editor Rutland Herald: Our beauti
ful city has been swept from the world,
its business palaces, its immense ware
house, its publio buildings, and its mag
nificent and costly residences are nearly
all gone.
It is utterly impossible to realize the
stupendous desolation the., fire has
wrought here none can not even those
who stand amid the smoking ruins and
gaze on miles of blackened stores, for it
seems more like a hideous dream than a
dreadful reali'y. It is enough to say that
a hundred thousand people are left with
no roof but God's sky above them, aud to
day are wandering np tnd down the
desolate streets fret z'ted ty grief and
anxiety. Families are separated and
frantio with mpense while blackened
and dismembered corpses are tourly beifg
discovered amid the ruins by hundreds
and carted away unrecognized to
burial.
Sunday night I stood at the western
approach of Lake street bridge, snd g-zed
upon a thousand acres of seething, mov
ing flame. Buildings that might have
stood for centuries were swept away like
straw, and the broad sheets of flme in
angry surges, swaying amid the thunder
of the crumbling walls was the mrt ter
riffc and grand sight human eyes have
ver beheld. Onward swept the fiery
flood over and through the loftiest struc
tures across the river, then through the
northern part of the city.until everything
was consumed and the open prairie in a
bluza of light fur miles beyond. The
world was light as day, the tkica, like
blood, the air hot and unearthly, and the
very d straction of the wotld could not
have been more frightful and sublime.
All of our hotels are gone. The Sher
man, Tremont, Bigelow, Palmer, Brings
and the Grand Pacific, just completed at
the cost of one million dollars. The very
stones are reduced to lime. The Court
llouue, the Tost Office, and all cur public
buildings. Six of our greatest elevators.
All of our leading buianeea palaces, Far
well's, Hamlin's and the mammoth estab
lishment of Field, Leitcr Co., contain
ing ovet f 5,000,000 woith of costly mer-cbbndii-e,
Hre included amocg the num
ber. All of our I ai k-s all of our principle
railway depots, everything has been
swept awsy. Human language cacti tit
exaggerate the gret toes of the desolation
and mm nere. All are poor. All are
beggars. All are reduced to a common
level, famine and want are pretoiitid im
partially to all. Troplo are flying frcm
the city by tbouasnda to avoid the sicken
ing scenes that muit nrccetsaiily fo'l w
th's grant and unpara)ld calamity. We
must have help frcm abroad, aLd thitt
speedily, or there will be mob. soenrs here
as are seldom witnessed. The city is full
of roughs and plutderrrs from abroad,
who are pouring in here by thousands,
and ce viral have been ctugl.t totting fire
to the few buildings remaining here, that
their plans might ba more readily con
summated. Troops have keen sent for to
protect the city and one regiment is le
ported to have already arrived. Martial
law will rr ri'y be established, and
scmeorg x -1 n ce perftctid for
the uhf r'ui,..t in,) juf the impartial
distribution ot tood t the hungry.
The t arm of fire has swept by and
there is a great calm, an awful stillness.
All seem as if pnralyzed, not knowing
what they do. The spirit of the people
is bumbled end broken, and strong men
weep like children over the ruins of one
the most marvelous and beautiful cities
of the world. E. J. n.
Chicago.
"Detenda est Carthago."
A city sovereign In the golden West,
Eut yesterday magnificent in pride
To-lay the wail of anguish from her breist
Wakes echoes from each ocean's tide.
A wail of anguish wrung out by the flames
That licked her splendors level to the dost,
And blazoned her's the chief of ill-starred names,
That history holds in melancholy trust
The world-wide wonder of her sudden rue
That mocked at fable and enchantment,' art,
Ii reerless now no more in our sad eyes,
Th itsee her glories like a dream depir',
H.jr palaces were poema wrought in stone
Her marts like Egypt's, for the world poured
grain;
Her prairies girt her with a golden zone,
Her fame seemed that of Carthage come again.
But Roman legions at Chicago's breist,
Hurle.1 no red bolts that haple.-s Carthago rent
In peace the hot cup to her Hps was prest.
And shrieking to her funeral irye she went.
O day of horror day of ruthless woe,
That stripped the West's youug queen of all
her pride
H-r Btately domes and lofty towers laid low,
And whelmed h?r homes in terror' crimson
tide.
Cheeked arc the currents of her boundless trade,
Her giant granaries smoke with smouldering
wheat
Er daughters In her f-iiks no more arrayed
Half-cUd and homeless, 9hiver on the street.
If of her magic growth her heart beat proud,
And in her stones and stocks she took delight
If rivals lightly en' led her fast and loud,
None grudge her tears of pity in her plight.
Proud tut beneficent, and fist to spend
The easy gol.1 her skill was swift to make
Of arts and toils, at loyal rate the friend,
And wisdom's lover f jr its own sweet sake.
Ah, luckless queen her strength and b:-anty scar
red, She. lies to-day on ashes for her bod
Ard all the land in her d-sroil is marred,
And all its joy in her despair U dea l.
Tin East and West their eag. r hands s'.retth
forth
To pour t heir wine and oil at h-r searched feet
In love and largess blend the South and North
A people's piin and pity swift to meet.
Her sons her crumbled greitnesswill rebuild,
When the blanched terror flies their kindling
l'Ti
And the g'ad glow of pride again shall jild
Their queen's, fair face, now prone in foul
eclipse.
Wm. G. Piuiauds
Vermont iu tlic Chicago Fire.
Messrs. Fairbanks Greenleaf of St
Johnsbury lesi their store aud sole ware
house with contents. A stock of hoe
and forks from the factory of Ely Balch
Co., were consumed in the s-ime store,
tho loss of which falls on Fairbanks
Qreenleaf. Their loss is net as heavy us
it would have been a few days later, they
having n large stock of scales on the road
to Chicago.
John C. Guilt, formerly of North
field and of the Vermont Central railroad.
and tho Superintendent of the Chicago
Northwestern railro'id, wis entirely
burned out at Chicago.
Mhj' ir Lucius II. Drury, brother of II.
N. Drury of EurliDgton, and formerly of
Swaaton, who is oity ssuesHor for the
Western Divi.-ion of Chicago, nifY-red
like many other Vermonters of that city
by destruction of his office, and stoppage
of present rmploymcnt.
Chief Engineer Charles Twine of the
Michigan Southern railroad, nephew of
the late ex-Gov. Taine, is a large Fuff-rer
in dwelling house ar;d invested real es
tate.
There is occasionally a glam of liht
in the cloud of disasters, which pours in
on ui from CLieigo. Isiac N. Camp and
II. L. Story, forineily of Burlington, seem
to have retained their residences, though
their place nf bus'ness weut to the fliroes
Deacon Fulb r, though not a serious lower,
will return to Burlington.
The Mo Williams Bros., John and James,
formerly of Bnrlington, commission mer
chants, were burned out at Chicago, but
they obtained temporary quarters and re
sumed bus'ness the next day after the
fire.
Ballou Co., of Burlington, have re
ceived a note from E. A. Fuller, E q.,
dated Chicago. Wednesday last. lie says
himself and family are all safe, and have
preserved their eff. cts. His partner loses
his all, and had Mr. Fuller reached Chi
csgo October 1st, as he cont mplated, he
would have met with the same misfortune.
Messrs. Story Camp lost nil their stock,
amounting to about $30,000, but were
insured for 20,000. Their safe was t .ken
out of the ruins of their store, on Wednes
day, and opened. All the pipers, money,
etc., are in such a state thit thfy can all
be of service. The bicks of the books
and the leather is all melted and charred.
so that their tenacity is destroyed, end
they will, of course, come to ieccs. Mr.
Story lived about a mile west of the sec
tion of the fire.
Faihiiavex. Business in all it
branches is improving. All of our water
powers fcre now occupied, and the new
stores are being fillid up with good. By
the way, we claim to have two of the
finest drug stores in the State.
J. II. B jsWiTth 14 erecting a very
fine residence on Prjspeut street. Ju!e
knows how to put up a good building, be
it barn, house or church.
The Masonic Lid ire are fi'tinar! up a
new Hall in Feck's blek, when finished
it will be a credit to them- The Lodge
is in a tl lunshing condition inviti a
membership of about ninety members.
We are expecting large orders from
Chisago in a few weeks for roofing slate,
as they are a sensible people snd all sen
siblo people ue sla'n for roofing when
they ran te had.
The llev. R L. Herbert has resigned
the pator ite nf the Welsh Methodist
Epicc P'l Church. lie has several calls
to preach elsewhere but as jet is unde
cided which to ic-ept.
Rev. J. I. Bli- i. in attendance up
on tie Fp:eip il Convention at Baltimore.
x.
Thk Watkkjjuhy Bank Ron bur's
PRcr.AMAHox. Ih following was
found posted at the P-tvilion and Post
Office, in Montpf-lier, the dy after Bar
ton's escape.
f200 REWARD.
Whereas, one I. W. Brown, authorized
by the Stst of Vermont to accompany
me to the Vermont Hotel at Windsor, and
secure for me, board and lodging for ten
years, has failed so to do, but left me at
Ilartland to look out for myself, (without
green tea,) I offer the above reward for
his return to me, at City Hotel, or 293 1 2
B ixter street, New York, after 2 o'clock
p. m., Oct. 12, 1871, or address,
Charles Barton,
Care of William Davis or Tenth National
Bank, New York.
Sudbuky. The wondarful castor bean
grown at Sudbury, by Rev. U. F.
Rustedt, is eleven feet high, one of the
branches is six feet, and the leaf thirty
four inches across, and tho circumference
of the stalk is seven and a half inches,
jThe branches start from the ground.
THE RUTLAND
Castleton.
Another of our aged and esteemed resi
dents, Mr. Asa Wilkins, died on Thurs
day morning last, at the age of 84 yenrs.
He had btin ill about ten days. Mr.
Wilkins, in tarly life, was a prominent
business man at Wiscasset, Maine, and
8 Iter a series of business misfortunes re
moved to Vermont nearly 25 yeBrs
ago. He w;i for many years a resident
ofPoultnty, where he gained the reputa
tion of an honorable and intelligent citi
zen. He was eminently nn industrious
mm in his business, that of a j?wpler,
and in this regard was an txempl-.r for
the men of the present time. II wis for
more than sixty years engaged in trade.
He was evidently, in his active 3 ears, a
man of niore than ordinary energy e.rd
business capacity. Few men that pa-sod
through so many waters of hfflintion have
kfpt a more genial heart and placid tem
perament than Mr. Wilkins. The lt
few years of his life have been spent in
C-istleton. He has buried three wives, a
son and a daughter. Two daughters sur
vive him, Mrs. Merrill, wife cf Charles
Merrill, cishier of the National B'.tk of
Maiden, Maps and Mrs. Fuel, wifo of
Gnstavus Bul of Cistleton. Many wi n
read this brief sketch will kindly remem
ber the cheerful manner nnd many excel
lent traits of character of one who was so
largely known in the vicinity of hij resi
dence. One of tho most valuable, uac.-ful and
instructive lectures ever delivered in C i
tlefon in our dy, was by that venerable
and eminent divine Rev. Dr. Chi"kerinpr,
corresponding secretary of the Maachu
setts Temperance society snd asrcnt. of the
Americ in Temerance society at Wav-liir g
ton, where ho spends the winter1!, labor
inn; for the cause, not with the r-xpoet i
tion of reforming Congress wholly, but
or din? good to the community gener
ally in that city and vicinity. This lec
ture was prepared almost expressly for
college students nnd for pupils in the
other higher institutions of leirnincr, but
it is well adapted to tho young and old of
all classes and conditions, in all commu
nities and climes under tho sun. Dr. C.
is a man of laree experience in the min
istry and moral enterprises of the times
iu which he ho? passed a life of three
score j-eara and ten. He labored forty
years in tho ministry, and was pir-tor of
one church thirty rears in the city of"ily. m l.ruttend. n bounty uourr,
Portland, M., therefore he knows xvbc r j occion to eomim-nt upon tho effect
of ho speaks. His fir-t introduction to j props i-tr of individual ad minis-
Vermont was forty eiht years ago as tr.fi of summ .ry ju.tioe upon offend
college student, at Middleury. He is n j ers, anin the pers-u or peace of com
noble representative of that worthy i-;. muf't-y, wl.kh hid b.vn britfly advo
siituti m. j c it' d l y on? of the. ci-unsel in the argu-
Many of our citizens havo read the; a.nt in the c.se. Ta the opinion of bis
article from your correspondent "O. D. ,rnr 11 cieeuuisMnc-i-s whatever would
S. last Wednesday morning, relative to indivi 'n-.ls iu taking the law into
stage drivers nnd old stauin time withh'"ir "v''n f 'r the punishment of
considerable interest, as we were prni vi.-ba-r s th. hw. The tendency of
s .1 -it such p. d'- tti'to w::S mot-L pernicious, and
in those dav. Other worthy names miht i
be mentioned in connection with those al
luded to in his cemmunie ition, who
handled the ribbons over four und six
horses, graceful!' snd skillfully from tho
driver seat on Hyde Co., and Cook,
Field Co 's., s-tasies, among whom ws-rc
Charlie Church, who died here som" twen
ty cr twenty-five years ns Jndge Eu'le,
who left here fjr Wallinu'ford twenty:
years or more pinee, Henry Northrop, j
then and now in Castleton, Loyal Jordin
and he who was known as Dark in those
day, afterward freight conductor on the
railroad, aud Dan Avery, of whose bis
trtry we have known nothing since about
1845, LTncle Sam. is remembered a one
who was associated with th i drivers in
every capacity, save that of eiu-iinr the
coach and four or six on their way to
Troy, Rutland, Whitehall, and Mid Uo
bury. We have bteii looking through a novel
ty in th bo k worli, namely '"The Uni
ve' s d Sp.'llii g and Roeding B ir k," pub
lished iu London, in the yeir of our Lord
1"0. It contains an address t" the R'uht
Honorable Slingsbury Bethell, E q.. Lord
Mayor of the city of London, and one of
their representatives in Parliament, and a
preface to such as have care of schools in
Europn and Americi, and of the le-t
methods of teaching. In also contains a
shertandensy epitome of English Grammar
aud has a collection of nearly five thous
and words of two, three and four syllables,
and has many useful thing in prose and
verse from Tillirton, Dr. Smith, Addison
and Pope, a.d relates a number ef re
markable occurrences from the creation
to the time of its publication.
We have al-o purnsed the Boston U 1
3:'.tk, containing the freshest advio.-s, f.r
e;i?n and domestic, dated Man-h 12 h.
1770. Mr. Hu'.ett, grandfather of J. B
Bromley, E-q., who lived to se r iuety
years, end died forty years Bgo in Pawlet,
learned to rsad and spell from thj book,
and was a reader and subscriber to the
paper.
The conversation of our people, by the
way, in their places of business, and at
their homes, through the last w-ek, a'
confined almost exclusively to the doomed
city of Chicago, one of the finest in the
great West. Rev. Mr. Frani is addressf-d
his people on the subject last Sunday
morning, in w( rds fitly spoken, moving
almost the whle congregation to tear-,
giving a pathetic description such as we
have seldom listened to from tho lips of
any man, in aid of any cauie, making the
heart of every hearer throb iu sympathy
with his own. At the conclusion of the
discourse he proposed that a eon,ribn';on
be taken in aid of the suff-rer !y
the great conflazrati m, an 1 tho usr
gustion was cheerfully and li'riliy re
sponded to by the people.
On Sunday morning R-v. Mr. Francis
gave a moBt profitable, interesting and
stirring account of the recent rr eeting of
the American Board at Silem, Mass.
Minyof the incidents conn-o'ed with
the meeting were truly remarkable, and
the relation of them iu the speakers hap
py manner and spirit were exceedingly
impressive. No such meetings occur on
this continent as the annual gatherings
of the American Board of Commissioners
for foreign missions, and it i a pleasure
for a Christian man to be permitted to
participate or witness its deliberations.
b. w. r.
OnirrABT. B'ed in Wallinsr.rJ, Fept. SS'h
Louia K. Livingston, aged 19 years.
He was the only son of hia mother, and the a
widow. It is a lODg time since there has been a
death here of one of hia youthful years, for whom
such a tribute of respct has been piid, aa was
to hia memory. Louis was a Rood boy, gentle
and affectionate, he was beloved by all. He was
devotedly attached to his mother, and hia desire
always was to do all he could to help and assist
her that had done io mtch fit him.
But his labors of love are finished by his un
timely death. The sympathies of all are extend
e4 to his bereave! mother. May she look to the
"God of the widow and fatherless" as ker "sure
stay" and support. r,
"Wallingfura, Oct. Hth, 1371,
WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1871.
Tbe Escape of Barton.
The Free Press of Friday evening says
We leara that Barton, the Waterbury
Bank robber, really made his esiape in
feminine disguise. It is stated that a wo
man came aboard the cars at Essex Junc
tion, on Tuesday morning. After the
train left Montpelier with Barton as a
passenger, nnhandcuffd, she expressed
and showed strong sympathy with him
and was allowed by bis keepers to remain
in tbe saloon, of which be was an occu
pant. It is supposed that she changed
apparel with him. He left the cars at
North nartlaad, and his "friend" went on
to New York that day the unobserved of
all observers. If this is to, it is one
of thg sharpest performances on record.
The officers ere still in pursuit of Barton,
but with slight hopes of re-capturing
him.
Ladies Meeting in Aid of Chicago
The ladies of Rutland fcss?mbled in
goodly numbers, Saturday, and organized
a meeting for extending aid to tho Chi
cago suff- rer', by tho choice of Mrs. A.
M. Seuver na presiding ffiotr and Mis
Mary E. Dauic-ls, secretary.
Mrs. F. A. Fihtr, Miss Emily Seaver
were appointed n committee for the pur
pose of rtcciving contritutions, and of
taking charge of il such articles end
funds as i-hould be given.
The following additional committees
were a'so appointed
Fir making pnrch:iser. Mr?. D.ivey
and Mrs. Seaver.
Fur cutting and superintending work
Mrs. J.icob E larerto!!, Mrs. George W.
SttT-ng,Mrs. L E. Rcys,Mrs. Henry Clark.
The use c f tbe otherwise unt caupied
rooms nf tbe Mi-Mon House, which were
through the President of tho Rutland
Missionary Association put at the dis
pos'il of the meeting, were Rcecpted, to be
used es a depot fir second hand garments
and for workroom. These rooms will be
open to-day, for the reception of clothing;
and tc-mtrrow, from ten o'clock n. m., un
til five p. m for those who wish to work,
(mn it is hoped their uamber may bo
largo,'; and, u-, oa :11 fallowing days of
tu.e we.k.
The nitttictr was adjourned until three
oY'otk p. tn.. TH-xt Siturdiy.
UMM.YUY
-TiCE- Chief Justice
Pit rpoint, ia charging a jury the other
r-ireiy u ever, in mesa uays whs suua
course dr ;n nii!cd for the p.'otection of
community.
IIuiiiWAY RciUiJKUV. A most dar
ing attempt at highway robbery was
made on the mail staire running between
lraburg and Albany, Vt recently. The
stage was on its return trip from Albany,
and whtu p
F.-ing a rlun.p of Lut-lies a
ut and sl,:- l the horse by
mtin fitep; d
th0 hc:id it t
m-j tnr.o
.riding the
ln Tiie -.'river jnf inned him that
tbcr: was t.. 'n-iil abo-ird. Ho tsgiiia dt
maii,'.td i. n-jiog that, if it win not
uircu up he we.uld t low 1. is bruins out.
Tho driver then leaned ever as if to get
it, se'z ad the wb-ip and gave the horr-e a
smart blow, whieli looi-enod the wonl 1-be
t ih w ty man's liol 1, who shot at and put
a to.ill-t through the driver's cap. But
few rot-u Tvul.i have bad the presence ot
mind that the driver exhibitel.
An Et.KG a nt and Co.-n.T Pkesknt
for a Railway Si'I'kkintkndknt.
Mr. I-aaj V. B.kcr, the well known
Suf eriateudi ut i f the Ri u-selaer Sara
toga R i!way, ia to bo tho rc ipient of a
valuable silver service from tho most
protuiueut m n of New York city, who
are p ttrot s t i li i rv-.d, in testimony of
their eppref ia'i.iu of his set vices arid oi
the in in, The- tvrvi.'o will ccusi-t of a
full set it bre.iktaJt, dinner and tea,
and will curl f-,n.e $1 .CM or $1,71-0. The
perr-evi r n i 1 a? d en-rgy which Mr.
Bakir l-i- x Si ''it- 1 on this line of rail
way h s la- d 1 im in the front rat.k
with the b-t vol n.rt 4 riioieut railway
men i.n this (i.'i.tincnf.
jUiUlK:L IU'EIIKIv.
lla a y On .sfht my s a. k f 11 Mrs hc'or" the
late ri-.1, I --a" l-"tr Th tn aii o' lier hot s; in
Vermont
Men's 1 til er l'.nt
Hny'n I er 1'iio's, ,3,C0
Wnmeu's .J rc e-. 1.2"'
MnV Ar ti's, 2.0"
W4M4i4-n's K':i!trs, 50
Vi 8-b' ltu'i-i. 45
Jt-n f l'aM'ec Sho-1, b.j
ye. I S ,r- an.'i l ijj IS 4.i(j
So'ealilToji IUki'p, fl
You'hV D ta.Se ai.d Tap Thi-k IWa, 2.10
A'l o'Jn r VTri s yf
HOOT S A N 1 Sli O K S
At equa"y aa li, .t pr .-t.-
T.v, ry one 1 rjyuig Boo' or Mices cm. save
mont-y by buyu a1;
c(;nii.iKr;'s,
No. (i Mtrcbarit' liow,
tc:21&'.tt Kutland, Vt.
ANCHOR LINE STEAMERS
sail, every Wednesday and tsnt.nrday, to and
from NEW YORK AND ULASGUW,
Calling at Londonderry to laad Mails aud Pas
en;eni. The Hteanrera of this favorite line ar
built expressly for the Atlantic I'aswingfrTrade.
and fitt;d up in evt-rv respect with all the mod
rn imprnveraenta (yileulated to insure the ealeiy,
coinloitana convenience oi pisscngers.
Fassaqe Kates, Payable in Ccbhemoy,
TO GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL AND LON
DONDEKKY. First cabin, t?5 and $75, accorfn? to location.
Cabin return tickets, fl30, secunnir best acciiui
D'oda turns. Intermediate, f33 Steerage, $28.
Parries Bending for their friends ia the Old
Country can purchase tickets at reduced rates.
For further particulars apply to HendeiwJn
Brt.thera, 7 rJowlin Green, N. Y., or to b W.
ROWELL, National Bank of Rutland, Rutland
Vermont. ortl21&r3mo
JOSLIN'S BIG STORE
Is Crammed Full of
FALL AND WINTER GOODS,
Is the common talk in Poultney ttere dajs
The La lies gay they are
SPLENDID AND CHFAP, TOO.
Feptemhr 21st, 1871. d&wtf
iriss II VTHORN IS SOUKY TO
-i.TI announce an unavoidable delay in receiv
ing her new styles. There being such a press of
business at the emporium I patronize, I cannot
be sure of receiving my patterns, so as to show
them, until Thursday, the 28th inst when I feel
sure of pleasing the most fastidious taste, as I
have seen and know jus; what I am to receive.
Eutland, Sept. 25th, 1871. dwt(
QHAMBEES' ENCYCLOPEDIA.
A set, In full sheep binding, 10 vols., for fal
cheap at the Hsbaij) Bookstore.
TUTTLE 4 CO.
Rutland, June 1, 1871. d wtt
gear utorrttsriartit3.
lUo.'As,:-, S I i .tiii. ..I I M., N.V-
iTJB IjIjIO.'VM Brnv s. i nion lo l!i-ir
tVomh I'ImI fm-iilirr SC ltf--l.
Viiicuiir ISilieis t.rj a vile I'ani-y
Drink. .Ma.le 1' Poor Hum. WliNiicy,
Proof Spirils nnd Ki-fii-e Li'inoi.
to red. Fi'iei-tl an-l fcwu-ti-u-.-l to l-leoso tho t:uite.
called Tonics,"' Aii;n.-ti.-.er.--." "Restorer.!,' Ac.
that lead the tippler on to driniki.-iines and ruin,
but are a true Mc-iicnv.', m:u!o from tho Native
Roots ami Herbs of C'aliiovnia, free from nil
Alcoholic Sliiniilnnts. They rrc the
;ki:t hi.ooi) rruiriri: nnd a
I.IFK ;iVIN(i Pliixt I Pl.t., a if t
Renovator and I-.ivL;nra'or ft the .vei.j. carr
off;,!! poisonon ::i:i"r:. 1 rr-:.rii!S the b -1
I a healthy coii,!:ti,-.n. No onn tako t;j.' i
Hitter? 8"-ori:n$ to uireclioti' an 1 remain Ion
m.well. pr.-.vi.i.t th: l.w:-.s are v.-t "i el
I j- mineral p;h-"!i or o'l,r-i- m.i-.-. an-l t!i Mt.,:
,:rsnm wat....l V-y..i:t the p-int f r ;.-.ir.
Tliry :i re :i e-n I li
i! s n 'i'oi! ic, tto:.-sfss;i!S
f. f act i a' r.s ri f
tion or I i.haui i 1
V:--c. ral i m;-
i ou i i.' i a i.:: i.
Pn I Li i: live n M'C I
X pi.-euhar ir.L-rit
I 1 i o
For I nil ;i ii: in :i t r
Mlatim lillil ;i:!.
li Ii U i i t
lv H;c:-.i:i
i; u
!)ie:i-c
i -I
nd
I III'
i' i i on, iJiliiiM,
I Hi rm i 1 1 en I
Mooil, l.iu-i. I-.'kI.ii
ii.--..- !til 1 crs ii a
I i M:i ch are oaa-- 1
ie.l i v c Ota: :i n".
DVM'la'SIA Ot!
tin-! r.'::i'iicr.
n, .-A..'.. r-iic!i
i i :i c il S I ooil
lN!)ia.
-Tli'N.
I':.-
1 l.H'
5 Oil -.HIS i i- T. Ar!
riN.
-111.
I. V."
8 (rCLOCK.
Jl
diwl
ASIv YOUR GROCER FOR
CRUMBS OF COMFORT.
oc'.'Ji-w I v
t.ii t ill- U I if-ut e titul ci 1 i-e-l. i i: ,r
S'tncriiiii-f nouiititc Kuril!! j
co'z
I :.ii. U alcr. U
r!' i.c.luulc to
-.ST
nxrt I.m.I -r
tli nnia. by (r-.!rr;:l I
brI Ho.-l-r- li i r i Y, i
i O Y X T ON' S
evil's avk i:a:; ur- .-t
x
Thiity yar' evpiiirin e in c. in-i'.-.'-furitor
these IMVels 1: ive eivell U- i eo.'k S'U e:1. r lo ;l:'.V
'iirnKrke', Se.i i bir eircti'aiH. 1 'li A li I N
lijY.N toS CO., Wn'rt s'iui', NfcW Voik.
sept 1 1 w Iff
irom r,o (vrs."
12 Siimplw M'ti' ij'-i'K'u.v pti b tor Kdiv nt.
that retail eerily tor Ten Li ::,ir-. 1(. I. W oi.
cott, N. Y. o: ;iiyt
FHEK TO li'JOK
We will siTi-1 a l-. ib l n n,- pn s; c us of -ur
New lilut.tr .t"d Fami'.v I'.il-ie. cold aii.inj; ovi-r
2!io tli.e Scrip'ini! i,loi.'rit:o;is i" utiv HonH
Aqrent, li-ee of churir". Ad lrts-j N.vr;ns.i. l'rn
LisiiiNti Co ''hibi., F.i o.-; j is 1 v
FKF.K MONTHS ON TRIAL.
A drat -obis s 1 ir,;- ijn.u-'o J-urn it. 01 c ilimms
illustratfd i.'roi.e eirto- 'i ivti-s, i"i t-.v.i
bi'iinrt lecture. I y Jjims M. C.i-h, D I,I.l.. i..
and L. O. Haven, I 1., 1. 1.. s l i-einoim-.
Send nair.e and ad. lie t 1'KOIM.K Jul K
N AL, fp'ini;t'jel-, M i. ls
AHA '-"l'1'1' J" P1' by C ""n-" to 't l ily
JJ,7UviU tor h-r Vi.ivety m .-iivit u n:i
Krints from, the Indians-Sh- wis a ju-i-om-r
atuonir them. "My Captivity Hinotg tbe Si 'in."
price f 1 ..'ill. 'n h 'r wond.r'ui s'- ry. Kridor e by
Chiefs. Army t-'tJici-is, Cmirejoiin-n, e'r Ajin'.
vv ill hud no book Ki ll Ir.e ths. I'o 1 ii.l-es ir i
particularly adapted. BW'e i-liarge n-ithii'?
for nrcH'nr. wuh fo" uifottiviti.ni AJ-'rs-.
Ml'TI'AL 1-fllLISillNU CO.Ml'ANY. lint
furJ, Conn. Oct"d4!--l
rOPKKY.
tui: oi' TiiK (th;kcu an:h:;:-
IUBLIO.
What it d- ne. What i" is 1 ,ir- and !i:i' it
means to do. Its tower, cVspoti-in, letili li.liiy.
traiida. relicts, ruirai.liv. ido'a'i v. per.-ecut ions,
startling cnnies. afd New 'ok it-ot. Senri lor
cirotiKr. Address I'KolM.K'M 1'1'UIJsUI.NU
CO., 2'4 M iiai?t i ifj.rinytie:-.!, :l.ti:
Ce'Vin-l
I 0 Y'r WANT HUsIXKS-,: ir m-w b. ok,
I ISKillTS bEN'!S I IONS. in n'. W'citbi
15 pr cent, more commission tot: (rents than hi re-
to'ore. It w il1 pav
ID Itll FAkMl-KS AY AN i ID to inir.diice
,')U' 'A t s Hyde's Lteture on A giicn't ore
A b'Xik every fanner ntviU, aid inos'. w iilhuv
whinthey see It. A rire chunce foi t uriiiiiL? spitre
qnurs irro cash. &SVVe e:iai;;e i-ohirnr for cir
culars, and lull intormation of either b'Mik. and
cil'e'S to upents. Send ai d r-t tliem. Adiir- ss.
AMEKICaN l'UB. CO Hartford, Conn.
Oct 5(1 4ff
'AGENTS "AN D ALL LIEN"'
LOOK. Thin wav for bnsims, with a c- rtam.?
of cleirme $75 to S2 Opermo-ith. fend us jour
names and reMdence1, arid lull inf. rmalion will
he tbrwarded. Best time to operate Fall mid
Winter. Apply at once to V. L. hL'KeN.-EY,
Concord, N. H. ici&-l&4t
B
00 K AGENTS WANTED
f n
A WOMAN'S riLuTUMAGE
To the Holy Lsnd, ty S. M. Griswold. Thip
latest work of thi popular au'.horc.is, i an inter
esting narrative of her experiences during a tour
through Kuropeand the Kan", in "omua-iy wit'i
'Maik Twain" and the "U'lafear Cki" rrly. A
hxnaome vo'ume. ful!y iltuii rated. A e f!er
extea terms and prem'iims to pren-o. Hu d fur
4!irculars. J. IS. LUIUl 11VDK, Ilar-tord,
Conn. cc:5J4w
R
ELIGIONS OF
THE WORLD.
Comprising the tlis'ory of all Peliaious Tei.om
inations, and thaoriyi'i aad cmdition of
TOE VARIOUS 8ECT6 OF CHRISTIANS,
Jews and Mohammedans, an well as the Pagan
forms of religion in the JihVrent countrits of the
earth, with Sketches of the Founder ot various
Keligious Hecte, from the best ant hontiesi, ty Vin
cnt L. Milcer. AVith an appnd x by Kev. J.
Newton Brown, D. D J ditorof '-Knc.jc'ojeiia
of Keligious KBOwiedue.'
AGENTS WANTED everywhere. The mowt
liberal commission pud. l'or full particulars ad
dress BRADLEY A
CG N. 4'.ii He, Pfailxdelphia.
jj. B. We have the best selling Kamily U rar
to Bibles published. Send for circ lar t'lc 5dw4
RIFLUS, SHOT-GUNS. KEVOLVERI, GTJN
materials of every kitd. Write for Price
List to Great Western Gun Works, Pitt-burgh,
Pa. Army guns or revolvers bought or traded
for. Agents wanted. gepoaww
dtOOC A MONTH Horse and carriage for-
5PDJ siBhed expenses paid eamples lree.
U. fiHAWi Alfred, JMe,
eep21d&w4w
JTJRUBEBA.
,l ...wnTi a -pttvhtp It ia not what is prop
erly called a BITTEES, nor ia it intended aa
sach. It is a South American plant thiUb
used for many yeara by the medical faculty o
those countries with wonderful efficacy a a pow
eriul alterative and unequaled purifier oiue
blood, and is a sure ana perrecs remcuj
diseases of
The Liver and Spleen, enlargement trr ob
struction of intestines, urinary, uterine,
or abdominal organs, poverty or a
want of blood, intermittent or re
laitient fcv4;rs, inflamraation
of the liver, dropsy, slug
gish circalation of the
blood, abscesses,
tumors, jaun
dice, Scrofula, dyspepsia, ague and fever, or their
concomitants.
DR. WELLS' EXTRACT OF JURTJBEBA
is offered to the public as a great invigorator and
Tf.modv for all lmnuritlts ot the blood, or foroT-
s-anic weakness with their attendant evils. For
the foiegoini' complaints,
JURUBEBA
ia confidently recommended to evry family as a
household remedy, and should be freely taken in
all derangements of the system, it gives health,
vigor and tone to all the vital forces, and animates
and fortifies all weak and lymphatic tempera
ments.
JOHN Q. KELLOGG, 18 Piatt St.New York,
sept4t&w4w Bole Agent for the United States,
Price One .Dollar per bottle. Bend for circular.
REDUCTION OF PRICES
TO COKFOKM TO
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
GREAT SAVING TO CONSUMERS
BY GETTING UP CLUBS.
3 Send for our new price list, and a club
form will accompany it, containing full direc
tions, making a large saving to consumers and
remunerative to cluD organizers.
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO.
SI 33 VESEY STREET,
sept4d.r.-w4w New York.
w
7 ELLS' CARDOLIC TABLETS.
FOR COUGHS. COLOS HOARSENESS.
These Tablets present the Acid in combination
with other efficient remedies in a popular fjrin,
lor the care ol all throat and lunu diseaea.
Hoarseness aid Ulceration of the Throat ari
immediately re'ieved. and utatements are con
stantly tein eut to the proprietor of reaef in
case..-, oi I hroat. dim -ultieis oi years standing.
(1 A TTTT"iXT Don't be deceived by worth
vjiiu i jun ,.S3 imitations. Get only
Wetla arholic 1 ablets, rrice 25 cents per bo
Mend IYm cucular. J. 11. KELl.OGG. 18 Piatt
St.,N. V., Sole Ai-'entfortheU. S. sept4d4w4w
II E A N K CTAR.
i'UIiE I SLACK TKA
with tLe Gr-en Tea Flavor. Warranted to sui'
aii t;t-i cm. i-'iir Hiile everywhere, in our '-trade
mark" p nnd and half pound packagesonly. Anr
tor r.ale wholesale nmy by the iiltt,A f A 1 LAN
Tin 4 PAOil'lC 1'EA CO., 8 Church utreet, Ne
York. P.O. Ion ij'ri, Heud lor Thea-N'ectai
Circuhii, l.'o';toj&w4w
Til!! BKST.
iil'!. Mi:-, i'O XI li ic II A YD ENS'
BI! I LI J ANT BURNEPv.
A il i;nl Wick
AI:CAND 15UKNKR,
i:uitub'.e for
tr?v7 J
A K Y LAMP,
YiehUcij all the results obtain
ed Ircm the
ERHAN STUDY LAMP.
l.&.
Ir gives a brilliant, sanity and intensely "tthite
lltme, onl is the Urat reaiiy successful
iV 'U D WICK BURNER
1 v. r rretetiU J to the I'ablic.
'I h j! AM Mi TH f'zt it superior fcr lightir g
C'hurchrs, liiil s, 4.C.
SALK BY ALL DEAI.'SR-J.
oc:!' liwlJ a
1

tii.ES'.lZN WATCHES, guamtitetd t run
'.vitbin live iec rul', vr month.
Mrh paferis of JKWKLUY ai.J SILVEK
V 'J K.
B.rf K. p iii ir.:T uf all kinds in the nicest na
HIT, ..li I li oi r U-Iinl low prices.
i l.AKK It iiTHKH ."r MARSHALL,
Claikb' iilo.-k, KuCan-l.
Till. HI SING MTN
STOVE POLISH.
Cor 1 iill.l 1 Ai Y, t A VINO OF LABOK,
I.'CRAllLUY, and CHKAPNES, UNE
v"A'..KU. In tu'k fir s'ove-deakii us at 12
its. p lb.
SK'USi: EROS'. Prop p,
ec ii J i 1 c C inton M ass.
NKW UNDKRFEED
bli TITLE
lav in j Machines.
rr.
1-4
o
a Q
Z i I
P?
O
SIMPLE, LUR ABLE AND F.E
LIAT?L"K. Ker hr.puUr.t and estential eluients eni
b id.ei in this celebrated MacMne than any oth
er in the wmld Does every variety of work,
lis mechanism is unexcelled. Certificite of war
ranty for five yers furnished by the manufac
turers wi'h eitb Machine, 'secured by a half mil
lion dollars.
Inducements t ifeted wor'hy the cirefal con
sideration of "cap'talists.
S:r.d for cirtu'ars and sarr.p'e eeainf.
AG NTd WANTED in uroccupied territory
E. J BELLAMY vt CO., GerT 1 Ag'ts,
52 2 AVasl ing'on Streef,' BOSTON,
f ei'tl'Jdcod&w3moj
iSTOI:MED A ND TAKEN.
The las', stronhilJ of the Hair Poisoners sur
render. Cristadora'a fl i, tearing on its folds
the magic words,
'tRlSTADOUO'8 EXCELSIOR HA IE DYE
floats triumphant over all the deleterious trash
with which the muhet vas not long ago flooded.
Ldad eeough to mike KulleU for an army 11' s on
the fchelves of dealers who have speculated in
some of the metilio hair coloring preparation.
Wei1, they should have confined their purchases
to Cnstadcro's pale and perie -t preparation. So
much fur 'iunning alter strange g.-ds." In the
meantime this famous dye has received a tremen
dous impetnf in the maret, and cm scarcely be
manufactured fast enough to meet the enormous
demand.
CilKITADOKO'B HAIR PUESEHVATIVE
i3 the beat dressing that can be used after flying
oetldeoddkweowlmo
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS
FOK SALE.
IwiU sell th. oeorge Dnffy house on Green
.tree, and building lou from .ame premise., In
cm each lot, if desired. Several new houses am
to be built in that vicinity at once! given
for part pay, if required. B
Kutlana, May 6th, 1871. ffi
The Oliver ITIarble and (Vr unite
AVorks of Rutland, Vt.
One of the largest and best conducted monu
mental establlshmcBta In the country, so wide
ly and favorably known lor excellent work,
owes its success to the three following dis
tinguishing characteristics: euperiority of ma
terial, artistic execution, and low prices.
The first is chiefly due to their immediate prox
imity to the celebrated Rutland Marble Quar
ries, and their location on the direct railro4id
route westward from most of the valnable
Granite Quarries of New England, as this im
portant advantage of location over all other
similar establishments is not lost sight of by
the proprietor of the Works; and his patrons
hare the full benefit thereof in a personal selec
tion of material from the entire product of the
quarries. Thus, customers are always gutting
the cream" of the entire twelve ueposits,
As under this plan of personally selecting all
the material, as used, there is and can be no ac
cumulation of inferior stock, parties may al
ways feel assured of getting only the very bent
ot stock in their work. Furthermore, sound
ness of material is equally well insured, which
is a very important consideration, involving, as
it dues, to great extent, the question of dura
bility, which is an essential requisite to good
work.
The sacond distinguishing feature ol these
works, and which perhaps ha most contributed
to their reputation, has been justly earned by
the employmeBt of the most skilled artizane
that can be obtained, and by confining the la
bor of 4ach workman to such specialty of work
as he excelled in. Let carvers be constantly
at carving, letterers at lettering, moulding cut
tevfc moulding, polishers pollening, and to on
through every classification of the labor of a
large aud well-ordered manufactory, the work
men must of necessity be ever acquiring great
er pr- cision and dispatch in their respective
departments, while this systematic adaptation
of labor, added to their unequalled facilities in
the selection of material, makes inevi table their
Third feature, and enables them to furbish
the very best work at the lowest possible
prices.
In ordar to fully meet the demand of the
Mmes, the service? of the beet taicLt that cat
e obtained, is employed in constantly origin
ating frefh and novel designs for military ann
dvlc mouuHients, tombs, hearth-etones, tatv
'ets, etc., to which is invited the critical in
(i;cti(;n of parties desiring cemetery improve
rnerjte. The constantly increaslEe bosinef? of the
works, 4if course, is not confined to any partic
ular locality cr State, its products already be
ing erected in over a hundred cliSVrent ceme
teries. To this brief announcement cf the f:,c:lit;e
md ability of the works, there reed only h
dded t'ood and ample evidet.c--- "f integrity 'i
ts operations, cot only in itf monie.d tra shc
t.ions, bnt in details of manufacture with which
the enstotner is nsaally nufHrni'iar, and r
which hv must to a t;r at rtt-ct depend npo
'he faithfulru-Hf" nf the builder.
Tonchiiis this point, perhaps the most satis
factory assurancv thereof tr.r.t can he offered
is the testimony of thos" whi-se r.iers havi-tv-en
already -xec!itod. Ilern'e, tie pr4'pr4-t
nruf to s;i!m.it, in anot-.-r column, a nnv n
'ract ill each number of thii paper, from some
f the many flt ritig lefti rs th it haw been n-
cived tinri ny th-- jeaf or so Net putt. Ti er.
My ill also serve to indicnttf l.-ic,ilitii-s t.i r--pecimei:s
of work rji'-y !-e insi'i:t-i.
Most of these it.ti'-r- nr.: fr.iin cn-romi rs it t
wh4m there had been nn previous acquaint
tnce, mar.y fro p-rM.-s n-li'.a e j ropf-'-"or
hits t;fvi r seer., tin ir work hav:i.i -ei
ordered hy lett .-r, ar.d as ma' tor oi coiir-e no
M-,cafioii for compliment .'id a kii.d'.y tte-trt-to
express a favorable op'i in; iij behalf of the
'nteL'rity an'l snperior products of the
KUTLAND MAH15LE GRANITE WOiiKS.
'fllE CAUSE an 1 CUKE OF COX-
I SUMPTION. The prinjHT- ciuso cf rr
"umttion is fltranf";i.trut cf tbe c!'(?tive
ori?-ms. This deranemeni; P'olu cs deti-ieiit
nutrition and aNcimilti' ion. Hy a-iiTiil-ttion
I m-an tint procs-s ly which the nutri
ment of tie 1 od in co-iverte'i in'o tiio...i.
and tr.ence ltito the solitl-. of ihe b nlv. Per-oric
with diir-'itions thiif ii;it.a-rcr!, hnvir g the slurh-
est predisp sitin to i.ulroon 'y disene ,r if
tbeyV.cecVw.il be've.y lt iti.h.ve Con-
-umption of the I.urg-in for::e ot it forms; nn3
I h-iid thu l'. will be im; s.s b e t fire any n-c
of C iiiMim prion without lirs' rs'onn a o.1 tii-
iremion ami healthy hsiuii atK n. '1 h verj first
hing to be done im to flian-t Hi- ?-o.r;n"i at 1
bowels trom n l tiirt?Rd riiiic-i nr.i Iile w' i
11 ClOL'liltl' t tO- ltrit-1111 Ml 1S..I' till V 1 I.1.; J J'
tollil th-ir tunc- ioim. Hi! fo ri 'Ollr '.p i. i
re t irc1!; P'-r to a Ie''-t ,e im, I'.i- iji,
purj ii e. the e;ri-e hi.1 'e-t r.--T:e-o,- -s -eri.-SV
M-.r.-r'- nil-. 'Mu re l'li's I' e !l --o--::'. h
an t tl aM th- 1 all J '..or 1 i -rr.le th-t
is ra-i-iti; -lii-'' ami ilee w t e ie m.
I hey Hi 1 clear -a ti.e .lver ot aji dt-ei-e! ile
that ha- arc-'iriiuiate J there, ai aio-:se it up ?.i
a new and he ti' hy action, by whicc tia'.'-ir.il a J
healthy ti!e in secreted.
Ttie stomas h. bowels nrel ::v. r aia t1 us l-.-ariserl
by Schenck's Mauer-io i 'it le r-u. th' re rei-jaiLP
iu the stom-ich h;i ac'-9 o1, nes-.i, ti e nyeaa
torpl l, ami tin Hj-pe'ite is po r. In tl.e b w f
the la'Otals ate weak, an 1 1. .p;:r:n tret f h in i
i-uj.pir'.. It is in a ciidition li-e this th'
S'.en.-k'ii S-aeeJ T-itut proves fi be th l:'i.t
yaluible rerrciy ever discovered. It isaka'ie
ard its use will iicut ralU-- al! i x a of icid, mak
ing the st jnnich sveetarid frefh it. i 1 ve p-i-rtiarent
ti.-r.e to thin irripor'an nij:tn. and cra.
a ck1. he trty. aj-pc'it-. sr. i p ep -tre th s; -t.-i:i
lor th; Krst process of a i:o-i i! t. -s'i -.r:, arid
make id, hi alt tiy, l:vir r 11 ml. A 1 1 r t' l- jne.
par.i'ory tr-f! en', ha rt m.v.i s to ru e
cases of consinnp-ion ia ihe lree and p r-evenci?
use of Schenck's l'ulnioiiic M reji. 1 i.e Pu mon
ic s i up nourish' s tt e s -tvm. i un?fr te n d
and is readily af h yh d iuf o t it crcula'ion p.nd
thi n ie (1 trltued to t he di-i luriir-.. 'l ie re
it, ripens all in rt.i 1 m -if.ers, w th. r iu the tn ia
of aDscesses or tu'icic'es, and then s s's t a'ure
to t x p 1 all the d seMsui uia'fi-r in the f m ft
free excti ratlin, when o .c-it ripi n-. it l
tben, by tbe grvat ln-aln-it at-d puritjirir i-r-per
ties of Schenck's ru'.riinuio syiup. 'hit a 1 u!c-r
and cavi'.ies arc h'.ei'.cd s n 1 ai.d nij pt;ei.t
is cured.
Tbe essen' i U thin to 1 ih n. in 'ir:r i C -r.-91'lllpt
tin is to fe-et up A u.ul app. tl'e 1 a o -d
dit;- s'lon, so t'at the ln.-i'v will itoir iti il--h nut
iet t-tr-'nir. If per-im l:a ."as -a-e 1 ii -s. a fir
ity or abscei-s ther-, lU" rtvity if.i.ot h. th
ni.it ter iann.it vp-.n h-r. :i th"--tevi i t-
low i.ar. U'hat ii r.ec-'-'i.arv to cure is i i.cw r r
der of things, a ir .l apfetite, a co d i.u'ii ton,
the body to tr vv m l'.-.-h aid c.,f. tat tie;i Na
ture is helpe I, tr e cavities wilt leal, he ira't r
will np-n a' d he thrown ti' iti 'a;'e o i n.titie-,
and the person regain health, nn 1 i-ln iith. '1 h s
is ti;e true and en y p'an 1. 1 ciire- orunnj-i-iii,
and if a per.' n ir very had. if the lin.ir. ase n. .t
entirely ces!ro ni, r i vm it ore nitiij is t n'ire y
gone, if there n enou.-h K.ihty li 1 iu '.i.e ith.r
to heal up, th-re is l.op.
1 have Been iii iny peia ir.- c'i--. d w :li "idy n:e
sound lunir, live nnd rrj iy I I t a it- o-l o..i hu'c
This in what below k' m-ilicin.-.i w co 'o e-i.e
Consunptien. They wi 1 ce -n out t he it rnach,
swetten and stn n:heii ir, ir-f i.p a inn.! r. ie:---tion,
and Jfive Nat in e t lie a?i-'iti--- m e nt e-'i- tc
clear the nystefci ii all ilirmn'i h-.t i. in'! -lunoii,
whaever tt e former may I--.
It is impor'atiO h it ,wln 11-i. l' i-e' i i;'. ne 1:
icaics, care, sh 'Uhl he exi-rc i--1 i.o- o t ,w. e-.l-l
keep ln-il' 01s iTi col damp a!.-ii; a-oiilrrirht
air, and take mit-duor ei TClf c uo j 1- a ee a 1!
and warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly urid r t ii t' a vh t. I re-
comm-nd ja'ti tit to he caret .i 1 1.1 j. ;.,r 1 totak-
lnn cold while u-111 my n id-.ci im, I io -i for a
special reason. A n.an who has Put ji r 'ally re
covered fri in the t-fl'-cf '-t bid. c.'i 1 1 ir 1.1
ltab'e to a rWani-e tlim i.e who li is t e t ire'v
-cured, t.d it is p-ee-sely the ci'i e inrcardti.
coof urnptt' n. hohniKuii the 1, are no: per
fectly bia'e i. ju-t so ioi j.. ik there i ii'iiin. nt 1! 1:1
per of a foil re. urn ol ihe di-eate. ll"-.re it i
that 1 o stretiuou Iy caat o i pulni iinry p-itienti-aaairiKt
extKisin( themsclvex to mi atnio-phere
that not ifeuial and plea -ant.. O 11 huneit con
sumptives' lur ps ar-. a rrns of notes, winch he
leint chanKe of atmosphere wil lnilnie. T; e
grand s-cret of my inicciaw -with my mriicii'ef
cinsiat in my ability ti m'-due mil ini.ton in
stead of prov king it, as m iny oi -he faculty n,,
An mtlamed lun cenn t wtih sa'ety to the pa
tient be exposed to the biting blast s"f winter or
the chi'l'iitf winds of spring or a'uurnn. It
should be carefully shielded tri m all irnta in in
fluences. The utmo-t ciu'ion sho aid b i.b-erved
in this particu ar, as with'-ut it a cu-e under al
most any circumstances is an imp a.bitiiy.
The person should be kept on a wholesome mid
nutritious diet, and all the medicines cm u u-d
untd he body has restored to it ihe r.aural
quantity ol flesh an 1 stiet s h.
X was myself enroll by this trevment of the
worst kin-1 ot ConKUirip'ion, and hav- lived 'ocet
fa' and hearty these uiir.y veais,rh one luinr
mo-tly gone. I have cured th'iuninds snic n 1
very many have bee 1 cured by this tren'uient
whom l nave never t-eeri.
About the fjr-t of October I eiptct 1 1 1' k r0s-i-er8ion
of ray new bnildu g at the nor-h-east c .r-nerolSix-h
ai.d Arch auee s, where I sha'l be
pleased to give advice to ail who iniy require it
ru ldirectioLs accompany all my rtineaies. co
that a persim m any part of the world can be
readily cured by a s-rict observance of th-same.
J. II BC'HbNCK, M. L.
Philadelphia.
Geo. C. Oocdwin- fn t i,u
dtwtoNov29 6 Jiost-in.
jVTATIOXAL Llli: 1NSUHAXCE
-Lt COMPANY.
Chicago, Oct. 10, 1S71.
Joan Etbosg, Esq.,
Kut and. Vt.
Dear Sir Tta k God, tbe Natfoal Life In
surance C of Chicao, is ail t Rht Thu b wks
are all eaved. Onr capital ia uniuipa;red, with a
loss of about J20.000 our kurplua about 10,000.
Our last month's bus new exceeds that ever
done by any Insurance company in tha United
tttea. tiffioe is removed ti the President's new
private residence, near 22d street depot, No. 2
Calumet avenue. Yours truly,
m H. ii. TEED, Fec'y.
Good agents wanted for every county in Ver
mont. Apply to Joan Btrong, managing agent,
over National Sank, HuUand.
DR. E. R. CLARKE'S
VEGETABLE
Sherry Wine Bitters,
"IE BEST HMKEfflTffi TOLD.
C
c r
1
C r:
X"
Cuinposcl of Dock Root. f;arapa:!a, Tl:.'n p
Winierirreou, Dandelion, Wild Cherrv, Thoro
wort. Prickly Ash. Poplar Bark. tihnA:'
For Weakness, Loas of Appetite, jaun'
dice, lleotlac-lte, Sour Storuach, jPjltT"
lon? standing. Humors, and all .fa a s
rtrUt from an unhealthy tluU of the i"-.-. "i"
Bom.-U. ml Iiloid, for whkh valual:.- R V.,"'!
Herbs, and the knowledge- of th:!r pros' 'r: c"-'
suS'criiia lruoanity, man cairict fe.-! t,'j t' v
to Ilim v.-h-j wised;.- pro vi lei vo vr'.U a.. jc""
TO ALL PERSONS,
BOTH SICK AND WLLL.
If a Lons; Life of Health rr IIappine,j
is dciirc l. let tli--e Bitters b': taker-., pr.'.c-:.;..- -in
the Spring Warm .$is?rj A tr y J,';
esncci -ill v bv tho fallowing cu- T
Tl'it- MIXH.VAIC, who, fr.-.m l.".-,
door labors, not li.ivi.'i? euCicii-i.t
brnci!!!.' a-i.l refrt-shinc air out of lc rs
a!;-fiv 1 at the -tomach, li'-rvuu-. p:i'..- a
Lis i.e.. I n t r -ii-hoiii u r properlv d v
-hou'-l take these Bitter, iilel freely t ,-.'"i-t
tr-1 his sysi'-iii up. ri,'!.t ar. 1 Tiro-,-rU.t
oti'liti m to X i throng!! th" veu-:::i t-...-'-.
1.1 a 1 .-li.ijic, wi:h his con-la. I 'i-ioy !v;
exh:!.ir.i::ia atli clcansitisr t'--a-..r of v;:
ii; t. I.i ivl.-li o-.i, Poplar, ati-l I'ntU'.y A.. L
h v. hut will brin? fcna up, n:vl wake- i.:-a
tp.-akintr. oiiee more n man!
MUX OIliliATIVi: w; i f. id tio. 11-'..
t-ft vcrv thing t" cleano thy blyCi.l n't 1 Mi.
iie v-t-ni. n':i 1 mill an-l pi-'H-v t.t
n. ii.i: ivi o.vci: jJUAi'iiiii.
LAIJV ha-"- -:t t'i t:i!i" this cmjuwA in.
iv'i i. -.,1, v re 1 t lieallh, ln-nuu
and li:i'ivii'-v" Tl e IIOMiST 1'AIOiI.I,
t. 'I.i;"i:Y.IA ail jlawyi.i:.
i sl-:i:.VTAIiY IIABII--j.
M- 11 i-i After ci'---' u-i- i
i... -..i:is.,-: i:. It will j;ii;i-.ve
i':v- j.--r c-i:t. lh- .uaisi ii.u v..., j.
1. 'in- i" in ti..'! woi'M i -r l.i- iw-'
.ii. v-!,;:-.. :.t lu-urtv ati 1 r--ic 1- a;.-'.
..r ."i ;n-i;r- a:, i t.
i: r -iov;.t-.-- hi-t.l .'v l', Ii:. i r -t-.r
TUf I,ar:;-i.t Ilotllc, t!ic Lowl l'i i.
iint! t'lf isi--.t KfTcflaal Kinn ;tj
i i tlx AV;.;lt".
Ui.l Ai.l I) h,
:i iv .J i.j jj i IM o,
iit .i Jixl l i- u tr u
ROCKLAND, MC.
r f II. Tl. V
n in t
r- .-:i L..r
SOLD EY DEALERS IU kED.Mr.CS
KANCIS ESS CM.
wiioLit.1 tr a ::-T.,it
DRUGGISTS
Dilt?r in
nh i
n lT
y, p,,iierv
I luCk 1
i
'Mi ar.J fe u. No rhircf fr :h-.
KfwmMi '.aa p'asc,
F. KKN'N 4- fVi.V,
No. lJC.-Mer -tr.e-. Hu-lttil.
Pa .v.i fcM-K K. 1
is i'KNV v I'o. 1 t; V.- T' a
'?a! Pa -111 t r t- o-
The h t reeid f 1 1' ei
e(. ut-.-l S. ill r-o- a 7 -ti 1 V
I, w i-il.M-1
1 t 1 A
l'i :'--I.e.- V
v.i- fer ir .n 'h I'r
I h.v
U-.d
Kutlan 1
lii-.i.n:i A
yi r k I" 'h s v i- i
ties ti; 't t -A I p'O-'-o t T l'i s i--1
er of hi a t fcn .wis as Al'eo'- I
and fiosr t.o r,, K.I.i-'e'- V. r
'Pit st t' e ia .i.e r.e now nl-ioif er. 1
F. K-lm ''ii. is i-.,m the o i.'i' a; r- -n-
w 'lthy o 'V e i leie-e i t 'h i ei'' 1
IK-e 1 h I 'l i.t I'll ill V -J -X rf
is cimpe -n i lo a way to he- I: an ri .-in.t'e!i-ri
s t he b s p i-i i "l-i'in--
r'i v o ;r-. E
I n; ts it. 1 A; t
'POY M V Ne V
1 1 r- i
1 V
MiN TF. i i. N!".-.Y.
i'ii i.
W
1
M
V-i
Tl.- i- t. t..n i 1- -r
Fir- i'- 1 -:'ti 1 i J- 1
iufh'. a.!f ie-t--' y
-ii.-t
i
L" i LM
.11';
c.:'
v- v i
S Y R V V
or r a ii
t:j;- initiv: am
s, 0 ilds, rr-i if, CarAc, liro i h'
ni l Wll.,jii.i (J u. h, i; e- ef
l.ui.-, and Car.ruu3;". -a
Kr.r v:i ,i ly i'if. :'i-i
U- ad fo i.,win te-t m i.;,i'
J ST .".i
I'K. Ti.fUi F l'i ar .-i hI a
til wiii my t'.r-iat .iirl ains. hi'"1
exceeliiwi,, and I fia 1 aim '-d sp -tint;
r !i t.wlnn 1 was told ol y ijr '--r-I
'I ar, whi-L I tre-l with the test o' r--u
am now ijii'te Wed My couh na. Vt: r.-t
the H ir-iiess );a- di-appear-d as if t
ri;ey..u this, tint o'.er miv 'ry i' 1
t-euli'e'i, -s I can rtC irnmeni l 'n
W. 11. tV i.
171 'inh::
4'ncu,ars c.i'.tait.in? te.ini"Ui T-'
ad on ai-plic iti ui. l or i-a'e by druii"''
-thy, it tent to any part of the eou'i'n, "1" J
ptciej i-pon receipt i f tbe put", "j'-
t. tt e, by t he proprietor.
Henry C, Wholesale Asm'., Uiit.it
Vt. Da. C. C. TOPLIFF. Pr-p"'''.
DC.Ui&v.f Pi-h-r-; c.f."'
liUIiK KhNTUCKY r.Ol'Ii,J-
2, :5 AND 4 YKAKS OLD-
DENOMINATED OLD CAK1N, V1
BUON AND KENTUCKV liKLLE.
bsitUed and .Tort
Tbea Bourbons are
.t 1 XI V I..
tfceir 4.W-"
Mate? Anyonereccmng "1i,f .t
to compair with reoouU'et.dtions, &Btl
back at the epeiue ol stupper. A" K
be paid on delivery. nKSBY c0",
Wholesale Agents tot
eyilJ"r
n
.f. l" d t. A
1. BhouKSerBMCef. ffifxnX cy,'S'
5 1.1 a-
mvfr;