a
THE RUTLAND WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1871.
Theluxoryof farm life hea-just com
,1 Tbe sturdy eiirioulturaliHt
10 4 on the logs and takes bis solid com
thee long winter evenings, relieving
le monotony by cider, apples, nuts and
,P.rorn.
WhfQ you K iQto a Btore or shop
,Wie J8 carefully shut the door after
It puts the proprietor in good ha
c r immediately.
l'-e small fqnare visiting cards this
tll.on if you would be in style.
p,iiiiy The plumbers. Jack Frost is
..Kncirtte of theirs.
-Tf, Connecticut River Railroad has
j .flrfd a semi-annual dividend of five
nfr cent.
Toy fr holiday presents commence
n;1iiH lively the show windows of many
i,nr inorchants. The juveniles hover
,,r with rapture, and have visions oi
s.iitt Cl iun "f-o near and yet bo for."
Th:r New London and Ware River
f:,i'r.p.d ba been lt(ed for 20 years to
J iln-gory Smith, Wcrthington C. Smith
,n l Ii.'r j ri,iu P. Cheney, who are to piy
j 1 1 r int. nn the on pitnl stock, includ
:fcr 1 1 t i which will mnount to tbe sum
$150,001 hiiniidlly.
--The Pt Albins Messenger, in 8penk
j of th leans of the New London R-til-,.
I, styn 'Prn(!tioilly, though no'
i hi.i n'ly, thin is two mora ro-ids added
Vermont Central, giving tbe Man
1 t of thn reut line h entire con
,t 70 niilrs of rostd.and the le idinv:
on id I'm linn stretobing from the
i I li- l'icifi). It any body in
I i ,'i n y t h;tt ibit town, thrnupii
.iiia;it, ability and c.hnrneter of one
-it itn tminet.l citizen, hm the di
u. honor of bciuir ho td-qnirters
r ,r t!
rcprit t, lenru of the suMpn
,'l n S I'llrdxy afternoon, of C. F. V.
i l i!1, nt St. Alb ins, a brother of J. .T.
K,:iMl tid Mr-. Col. Charles II
He whs the maner of the Ver
i -t'triil telegraph t ffi so at St. Albans.
w i ii gen! il man, having a large
i f friends, mid was highly es!eemi d
I r-.ilw-iy iiian-iers as a prompt and
i.-tit t ffl :U.
-.b'l:!i CI. Siixo delivers the first lecture
i t!i" orurrti at Pittsford, on Tuesday
i in.?, I .-en her 1"3. M ny of our citi
v. f.'i-l cure, will avail themselves
i f i-(,ij)ort uuity to liten to this dii
..'ijUhfd 0:l of Vermont. The nex'
ire will be jiiv(-ii by Ie. Chttillu, the
V i tr ivfb r.
O i the rtinil train, on Sturdiy, a (8t
a ride on thn renter beam to ihe
t '-t of ti p tshnimer car from Burling
a i i Churlinte. Poor jiu-s wan eonsid
n'.'v frightened :tml somewhat iudig
int vrhen put ff the tr,in.
lenry S. TTyde has been tiomioated
r n! I.'i-irun in the lit w-ird of Spring
i, M i-s., on th. Ci'i ns tick)t.
Flo Conn-'ici'-ui- Rivi-r i-i frczer
vr, nn event which has not occurred bo
r y in ihe season for more than 20 years.
,i,ii were driven Hcros on Thatiksgiv-
4 i
Sur.i i-m parties nrrt very plons-m'
i ii properly understood. But i
v 'ire tnii-ttki-n for anything rl-e, the
im jiivi.i1,- are aot to be u tt ifb aa k
rl, s.iy the least. A lari cowpai y
i.'lii-s mill ;eii i lemt n iu uirjciKiri
nji'il one of thesii parties the other
1 t and carried wii h them an unlimited
ny of proviM"tis, expecting to have
fine supper. Bat the lady snr-
-el. supwi-ed thu HiT.ir to be a t-ort of
t: i i v i-if, and very co 'lly deposited
i i thing's in the piuitry. Ifie
iea"'e.l till a. in., for KUpoer to be
viy, hut nn M.tix of preparation Veiny
they rl niir'Kl us "huuiirr as
1--,' itul likely to have their next
Letter undeisiood.
i'..r hi tiirie of yer 'lie Cold ot the
e ok hiis luen lmt unp'ecedented,
ho ihet on n.eler rarrag lower 1 ban in
t v iri in mid vv i u e
i,, t'.e N"W L iiidon Northern rail
si i is expieted that eiubt more trains,
t tin in fieigbt, will soon be put on
ira.l l to necommodate tbe greatly in--
1 I ii-inr-r-H which will come from
yiin.' direct connection with the Kreat
f (he Wert.
The "'o'dest inhabitant" of Berkshire
.n'y, Ms., unbesititingly puts it on
that Thur-day was tho ooldest
v kiving on which he ever ate bis
k, n pip.
-T'.e annuil election of village flicers
I'.rnttleb iro will tnk place ou Monday
i i f;iT- Gen. Phelps has issued a ticket
uili-Masot ic," having tbe names
-v.ril prominent citizens for tbe
to bo filled, some of them leicg
there without their knowledge or
t' v. k
A widow ai d her three children, in
villi, desire to reto.ru their thanks
irne unknown friend for a charitable
n Thanksgiving Eve.
The fiTPnt unknown pet,p'e who
'r alver'i-ie.
-Drummers in Mine call tv,omtlves
c irtilo totiri-?t.j.''
V.illftidiuham'H er'at-) S)t!le UP
"h over .tlOO.OOO.
I'iiene Rothschild, a son of the Bar-
will vi?it Washington this winter.
A sadnt in Middlebury College re
i in triginometry, defined a compass
"'four cornered cqtiare box standing
-1 three-lcirged tripod which always
ti tho north." The Professor
"'J.
-Mrs. Stuuton, wibiw of tbe late Ed
A M. yiatiton, resides in a floe mansion
lj -rm.intown, near Philadelphia. She
Vi'srly income from the "Stanton
'f 7000.
-Ahout thirty butchers are undergoing
"""nil imprisonment at Washington,
'"or selling blown meat.
"V Pencsylvani-i paper says: "Uhica-l-s
probably the most populous city
e wnrld previous to the ooiiflgration.
fourteen millions of her 'destitute
have passed through this city in
I"-t three weeks. Tou on.'t throw a
1 in sit.y direction without LittiDg a
"""t.' The dodge is becoming thread-
ri,( Provideuce Star says that Alexis
:1'-4 that city on Monday, became a
"foment if nest of ene of the citizens, and
'"''ed clla from a great number of la
H weighed ten pounds.
"-ThB,nnerMvs: An old lady with a
'r and sole-leather satohel, polo?
1td Cicnd", over the road to Ru'land,
ho had by mistake taken a seat in
"B'kinz car. ld rv Indlffnantl v to
F-'- J o W
yesterday, "I siy, lad, do you hal-
low smoking in this ere ooach "Oh,
yes,"' said John, Mif yenr pipe isn't too
strong-, tbe gentlemen won't object, 1
reckon."
Boston had a brisk panio on Friday,
in consequence of the stoppage of tbe
supply of Cocbituate, ice having formed
in the screens at the main gate house. A
fire early in the morning would have
proved most disastrous, aa there was a
strong wind and no water. Later in the
day, after the flow was resumed, an engine
house on EistJ street was damaged $3600
by fire.
The atmosphere of the last few days
has reminded our citizens that full winter
clothing is now in order. Those having
need of furs will find a good line at Liv
ermore Cj.'s, on Merchants' Row. A
new s'osk of hats, caps and clothing call
for notice.
The best cuts of beef sell at Benning
ton for 12i centa per pound.
Mr. Charles C. Waldo.formerly of this
village, was one of the Chiosgo sufferers
who were burnt out. His friends here
hive lately sent him a box of clothing.
Oliver P. C. Billings, of New York
eity, and a brother of Hon. Frederick
Rillings of Woodstock, is one of the new
hord of direotors of the Pacific Mail
Steamship company.
Hon. Jo D. Hatch and family of
Burlington have jast returned from an
extended two months trip on the line of
tbo Nurtbern Paoific railroad.
The New London Railroad has been
leased by the Vermont Central Railroad
for twenty years. The lattor is to pay
t:n per cent, per annum on the capital
"tur-k, including the bonds of the former.
Thi-t pnts seven hundred mllss of road
under the oontrol of the Vermont Cen
tral, and makes a direct connection be
tween Duluth and New London.
Ticontleroga.
Eer sinca the announcement was made
in Thr Herald that Encke'a comet has
actually been discovered, a humble indi
vidual of this village has spent the long,
chilly hours of night, watching with up
turned face the myriads of starry worlds
as th( y revolve and shine in the ethereal
blue above him. Last night was pecnl
iarly cold and cheerless; yet this humble
devotee to scienoe enveloped himself in
ihe ouly overcoat his scanty wardrobe af
fords, and bidding adieu to the cheerful
nbz of hi firei-ile, he walked out to an
eminence near by, where, seating himself
upon a ben conp, he looked straight up
ward into the clear blue sky. Long, lonp
did be waif, stirveying as it were, the
mysterious mechaoicsm of the heavens,
'ill his wholrt frame was in one convul
sive shiver, till his fele teeth fell rattling
to tbe ground, and till the hen-coop, on
which he was still sitting, reeled and tip
oed worse, if possible, than did Mrs.
"loaum's marble-topped table when it
walked ont to meet the lady of cultiva
tion and refinement. But the comet fail
ed to put in an appearance
Rotnrninsr benumbed in body and de
jected in spirit, he was about to give vent
1 1 h;s feeling-) by a murmur against the
unalterable laws of nature by which he
hd teen deprived of witnessing the great
otj-ct of bis solicitude, when, far to
ward tho wtem horizon his eye fell
noon a lit tie diamond-like cluster of stars,
.1 i. I.,
i'e MiTory oi wnicn, mounat ne, is
orh nil the comets that ever terrified a
superstitious world.
The name of thin little constellation as
V.u had learned in bis school boy days is
the 'Dolphin,' a portion of which is also
k'lown in common parlance as 'Job's Cof
fin.' Its history he obtained from an old
pdarfoii( who partly from Lis exalted
po-ition in society, but more esppcilly
from fear, was regarded as undoubted
authority in all matters pertaining to the
ancients as bo was in fuet in every
thing r-lsi. If therefore nny of tba read
ers of This IIkkald tika exceptions to
this brief history, tbe schoolmaster only
sbou'd he blamed.
The ancieuts were according to thi-i old
pedai;on, in some respects a peculiar
peopln. If they wanted to immortalize
an (.bj",;t of their affections, they were
Vfry apt to place it. among ho stars.
Ir ppeius that there once lived a maid
en toinvd Ampbitrite, who was very fair
and thirty five or forty. She often vowed
her intention, her determination, even, to
forever lead a life of single blessedness
she would not marry the best man living.
About, thi time, Neptune who was then
a roving bachelor, rather past the prime
of life, came along, fell in love with Am
pbitrite at sitfht, proposed and was re
jected. Whereupon a dolphin appeared
and by exerting some mysterious influ
ence over tbe maiden which neither she
nor Neptune ever could explain, she all at
once consented. Neptune was so over
joyed at this that he resolved to place
tho dolphin among tbe stars, where he re
mains to this day.
There are others, who, while they ad
mit that tbe dolphin has an indisputable
riht to a place among the stars, deny the
above story, nnd maintain that he ac
quired bis present high position by very
different means. They say that there
once lived a Grecian poet and musician
nmed Arioo, who went to Italy where
he became immensely rich by his profes
sion. Oq returning to his native country
by ship, the sailor resolved to murder him
and thus get posjssion of his wealth.
Arion bepged the privilege of playing a
tune on his late. The musio attracted
a number of dolphins around the ship.
Arion leaped overboard and rode tri
umphantly asboro on the back of one o
the humane dolphins.
Others say that a famous poet named
TTesiod was murdered and thrown into
the sa, and that a number of dolphins
carried the corpse of the murdered man to
the shore, the discovery of which led to
the capture of the assassins who were
a 'forwards put to death by being drowned
in tbe same sea.
Tbe reader is here left to decide for
himwelf as to which of the above stories
is most likely to be true. It is sufficient
to say that the schoolmaster always ex
press his belief on the first. Zero.
ITogs. Mr. J. K. Learnard, residing on
Woodstock avenue, recently killed two
hours, of tbe sme litter, being 13 months
17 days old, one weighing six hundred
nnd eight pounds, and the other five hun
dred tnd eighty-eight ponnds. These
were tf the breed of hogs introduced
from Ccad, pome two years ago, by
Frederick Chaffee.
Trot out your hogs and compete.
The operations of those New Hampshire
boy thieves didn't Concord well with the
idea of tbe citizens.
Sewing machines are to be included in
the educational apparatus of the public
echoola of North Carolina.
S3
o
O
O
EH
w
o
EH
m
CO
cH
EH
W
GO
o
o
n3
cs
o
1871-
ALL KINDS OK MILL
M A CHIN Ell Y.
Furnished at
UKNNINUTON MACHINE WOUK8,
Head ot Pleasant Street,
BtfNNINGTON, VERMONT.
Including Steam Engines and Boilers,
Letter Double Turbine Water Wheels, also
una Fourneyruu Turbine Water Wheel, ft.
diameter, having fa) square inches area ot opeD
iog to buoieU and several Tyler W ater Wheel.
4 SETS MARBLE SAWING MACHINERY.
Consisting of 4 Merriman'g Patent Feed Works
from latest improved patterns, ha ring feed ad
justable when running, reversibls puUeys for
raising ftang, by power from crank shaft direct,
the screws and muts well fitted, and thoroughly
built in every part. For a small addition to price
a bronze nut will be furnished, by which compen
sation can be made for the wear of the nut on
the feed screws, therby preyentirur ths gang from
"jumping."
Price of feed work, complete with plain'nut, ex
clusive of Patent fee, each 1175.
4 SETS CRANK SHAFTS,
with crank wheels, balance whee's, pulleys, boxes
tiichtner and everything pertaining to the Husk
Frame, for either single or double Husks, and
will include line haft and driving pulleys if re
quired. The shafting finished throughout, the
boxesbabbitted, and unfinished surfaces well
painted.
Price per pound finished weight. 7 cents,
4 SETS HJSAD BLOCKS,
6 feet to 6X feet long. Price per ;pund finished
weight, 4 cents.
Also several
CIRCULAR SAW MILLS.
With "Lane's Patent" set works. Friction feed
and gig movements. Strongly and thoroughly
built, warranted equal in style and effectiveness
to any mills made va the country. Prices from
$300 to 1450 without saws. Will furnish any
style of saw required, at lowest rates, also the
belting to drive the mills.
I have also themachinery for a set of
GUNPOWDER MILLS,
adapted to either sporting or blasting powder.
I will sell Marb.e Machinery or other Machine
ry Castings of like character, from pattsrns of
desirable style, and made of a superior quality
Pig-iron for 4 cents per pound.
And will furniKh any 6 team Engines and
Boilers er Water Wheels, together with all other
necessary machinery connected therewith, and
will put the same in successful operation in any
part of the country.
Will undertake tfi construction of any kind of
MARBLE MILL,
PAPER MILL,
GUNPOWCEB MILL,
GRIST MILL,
Ox SAW MILL.
In any part of the country, and will make all sur
veys, plans and estimates, and furnish every
thing, including buildings if required, and put
the same in successful operation for a specified
sum.
Can furnish at short notice all kinds of
QUARRYING APPARATUS,
Including Derricks, operated by band or power.
Improved horse-power Winches for Derricks,
Cars, etc.
An extensive assortment of patterns 'for Gear
ing. Pntleys, and general Mill work to 'be found
at th'B establishment.
Parties In want of anything in line of Mill
Machinery, either at present ar coming year can
aavamanry, by addressing, "The IJenningten
Maobine Worcs."
OLIN SCOTT, Proprietor.
Eenninfftoa, Vt, May22, 117 L
deodftrlr
Hew Qavmistmevts.
CUNDURANGO.
BLISS, KEENE CO'S FLUID EXTRACT.
The wonderful remedy for Cancer, Syphilis,
Scrofula, Ulcers Pulmonary Complaints, Salt
Kheum, and all Chron'c Blood Diseases, is nre-
p. l" vrenmne vjunaurango tsar sr, irom
Loja, Eucador, s cared by the assistance of the
anthnritiea nf thnr. nnimfrv T, im
wvuuv.J. Jll AO UU X. CUCW"
tive, prompt and certain alterative and blood pu-
uwu. nuiu uj i'i aruggiBTsm pinu dol
tles, having on them our 'name, trade mark and
directions. Send for a circular. Office and La
boratory wo. 60, Cedar street New York.
OVER ONE HUNDRED PAGE3.
Printed in two colors, on Buperb tinted paper.
Four Hundred FmjravDgs of Flowers, flants
an i v egetaDiea wiin descriptions, and
TWO COLORED PLATES.
Direc'ins and plans for matin? Walks
Lawns, Gaidens, c. The handsomest and best
FLORAL GUILE in the wnrld. AU for ten
cents, to those who think of buying Seeds. Not
a qusr'er the cost. 200,00" sold of 1871.
Address, JAMES VICK,
Kochester, N. Y.
5 0th YEAR.
NEW YORK OBSERVER
$3 per Annum, including Year B 10k for 1872.
SIDNEY E. MOUSE JR. CO.,
37 Park How, New York.
SAMPLE COPIES FKEE
UNIVEKSALISM.
Send for free eampte copy nf the CHRISTIAN
LW ADEtt, a nrat-class weekly jonmal. publish
ed by the New Yitc State Convtn'ion nf Univer-
si'is'w. and containing tbe Strmons of Dr. E. H.
CHAPIN. Terms $2 50 er year. Address. Pub
lisher 'HKI8TIAN LEAUKU, 1283 Broadwav.
mew lorK uity.
TT'JtTK DO! LARS KOIi TWO. Evcrv new
JL subscriber to the Burlington (Vt.) Free Pres
g ts trie dm weekly in the State tor a year, and
t btau'.iful large Steel Engraving, for ti and 3
stamps lor postagu ou picture. Try it.
ETifilih MUSICAL ilO.NTULY.
The December No price 30 cenK, has 1 9
pieces Vocal aud Instmaiental Piano Mu-io.
worth $4 iu fheet form. We will mail two baek
Nos. for 50 cents, four lor tlU cents, or Jan. to
Dec. '"1. for f 2.25 (regu'ur price, f i.) B ,ucd cop
leB for 1871, inlt Bi'e -nd e gts. f 5. Tho Mnnc
is by Hay,-, Tioinas, Kmkel, ilouuod, etc. Ad
dresiJ.L PElEtiS, 5'j'J Broadway, N. Y. V.
O. Box 54 9.
"WIDE AWAKE
pair of snperb French til Chromos tubjects
LirK MZh, exquihite fc umiles of ontrinal
11 1'liintuigs. GIVEN AWAY to every subscri
ber to
HENRY WAIiD BEECHEK'S
Great L'terary, lieiig onB, Weekly Newspaper.
A!tit having great t-uce- Ore tooh. 1,000
uauie io 3 niouthd another 672 in 35 days ano
ther ll1 in oi e week one 47 in ene Oay. ana
ninny others equally well, niasiug liorn ii arrl
0 to $4 i per day. Takes on Bisht An Ud
vnt vni kuows, sty: "1 think it the bet,1
ouaine.-s for canvapsersi ever offered. Korry I did
not engage sooner," Pys belter than any book
agency. A lare cbance to make m ney.j
LO' AL3.AGlSNT3 WANTED.
Intelligent men a,d women wanted every
where. If ou u.inh terri'ory, send early
lor circular and term. J. B. FOKU a CU 27
irb Place. New Y,,rk 11 Brumtie:d St., Bus-
ton, Mh..-m a5o West M. -id-sou rt Chicago, III.
AOs. NTS WANTED Full
THE YEAR OF BATTLES.
Tne lliatorv of the Wr hetwsrn Kruce and
rmauy, mracin(t a!eo Haria under trie dm
muue. I5U illustrations t42 pigeg price $2.. 0
50, 1'Oo copies already sol'. 'J he only compte'e
work. Nothing equate It to sel'. Making 10 Oi 0
u -plea per muutb uow. Ia Mg mil nnd Geima.
Terms un.qualed. OutHr. $1 zi. Addreu H. S
OUUDiPt-oD CU i7 Park How, New York.
itetl by MTJNN CO.,
ff S m i 1 it puWwm-rs Seiet
ft MtiBljTlIJ ic-t", S7 Park 1
ntiflc Araer-
Row, N. Y.
Twenty-flu-e yeais' experiei C-).
Pamphlo's containing l'rent Laws, with full
direction how to obtain Patents, free.
A bound vulume of 118 pages, cou'aining the
new census by counties and all larjte cities, 140
engraving', of mechanical movements. Patent
Laws ami rules lor obtaining Patents, mailed on
roinr. f 2 rents.
POUT tLWAHU
COLLEGIATE INSTITUTE.
Ut I
as- a
O 5
2
ja 5
Sua a
S r
j 3 x
s-S
-.Jp. 8
c a
o S.S f
1 3 e x
w or
ft
"A Iiv i'hri!.tian Institution." For seventeen
vears the bet sustained bearding seminary for
lriis and gentlemen in the ttate. Transient
s'uderts can choose the'r own studies. Winter
term. Dec. 7th Hi ring, Mirch 14th. Full infor
mation in cata!oues. Address
Rev. J. E. KING, D D
Fort Edwird, N. Y.
Wnnn'Q HOU6EU LI MAGAZINE if
VV JJ-LJ O offered trpe dorini; the cm
yeir to every euscriber of Merry's Museum, ihe
To'a.i Rirte. Pcmeroy's lemo.-rat, etc., whicb
iii.,n is an evidence of its rtii and popularity.
Hnr-ce Greelev. .Tames Parton, Theodore Tilw,
Iswiiit, n. etc,, write lor very uumwt
lncluboing. u ofl"-T9 three iirst-clasi periodical!
for the price of one of them. A viriety of premi
ums on equally liberal terms. It is an original
first c'b meazine. Volume X begins with
Jan. '72. 'J nr- socirrn ryrjgg free. Andrew
8. S. WOOD. NewburgTrN. Y.
8THMA, FARNHAM'P
Permanent Cure for Asthma. Relief guar
anteed 1n five minutes, by inhalation.
Also, cures Hay Fever and Roe Cold.
Recommended by Physicians. Price $2
per bix. tent by mil, posrasfn paid, or
receipt of price. M. II. FAKNHAM 4
C'., 210 Broadwav, N. Y.
Bold by all Druggists. P. O. Box 2842.
AGENTS WANTED. Agents mske mo'f
mo1 ey at work for us than a anything else.
Business light and permanent. Particulars free.
Miksos A Co., Pine Art Publishers, Portland,
Maine,
425
K A MONTH. Horse Furrjished. Fx-
pent es paid. H. B. 8HAW, Alfred, Me.
HORRIBLE. 1 suffered with Catarrh thirty
year', and was cured in six weeks by a sim
p's remedy, and will send the receipt, postage
free, to all afflicted. Address Rev. T. J. MEAD,
Drawer 176, Sjracupe, N. Y.
AVOID QUACKS. A victim of early indis
cretion, causing nervous debility, prema
ture decay, etc., having tried in vam every al
vertised remedy, has discovered a elmple meant'
of self cure, which be will send to his fellow
sufferers. Address J. H. REEVES, 78 Nassau
St.. N. Y.
LIQUIDATION BALE OF
DITHMER TIEDEMANN,
Importers of
TOYS, DOLLS, CHINA and FANCY GOODS,
15 ?ark Place, near Broadway, New York,
On account of the sudden death of Mr. H.
Dithmer the whole s'ock has to be sold out at
cost price till January, 1872. Jobbers and retail
ers will find it in their interest to exaavne the
stock before purchasing el.-here. 8 am pie box
es at u, 49 and $50, sent C O D to any pait of
tbe country.
Aeuuiixiiiiiit ii ou-ittit OU,Cfc- AcKuowi
el;el thi- bc.it promoter nf the growth and beauty
of the hair. JOS. EUEilElT t CD., Boston, Mhss.
kilil by all aruyKista. Jieware of imitaUon.
HANDSOME FRAMES.
Just the thing for the
SOLDIER'S TES MONIAL.
Alsn, a gocd assortment ft Mouldings Gilt,
Imitation Kosewooa una mi, ana cine it wal
nut for Picture frames. Priees reasonable at
E. H. MKRRIAM'S.
TT ANTED.
A iitat'on as Bo k-keejer or f lerk, by a per
ron of exner ienca. Adlress P. O, tUtx 86. Rut
land, or apply for Inf rocation at
dac4dAwLf H&BAIJD iOOKSTORB.
.it.
K7-
J. Wai.kkk, PrtipriMr. I'.. II IMn.w n A llnuL'i.U
k Gen. AgenU, 1 raucif.0,1 ul 4 CotliineH tf St., N.V-
1111. -IO..i Krar l'-liinoiiy lo Ihrlr
WoiKlerful Ciii'iilivc Iillcl.
Vincffnr IlitieiH fire not a vile Fancy
Drink, Made of Pool' If 11 111, Whiskey,
Proof Spirits run! Refuse Liquors, doc
tored, spiced and sweetened to please tho taste,
called Toniea,'' Appetizers." Kestorern, Ac,
that lead the tippler on to drunkenness nn.l ruin,
but are a true Medicine, made from the Native
Iloota and Herbs of California, free from till
Alcoholic MtiitiiiliiiitN. They are t!m
KltKAT Ill.OOi) IM'KII'IKIt anil A
LIFE ;IVIN; PHINt'lI'l.E, a perfect
Itenovator and Iuviorator of the System, carrr-iii4,-olf:iU
poisonous matteranj restoring the l,loo,l
to a healthy condition. No person ran take the-o
Uittem according to directions and remain Ions
unwell, provided their hones are not destroyed
hy mineral poison or other means, and Ihe vital
organs iv:;s!el beyond the point cl n-pulr.
They 11 r; 11 tannic ln mu I i e an t-I1
nn Tunic, possosm, also, the peculiar merit
of actios ;n a po-.ivrful a Ten! in relieving Conten
tion or Inflammation of tiio I.iyer, and f all tiie
Visceral Organs.
1'OU FEMAl.i; O Uri,AIM, vhetlier
in youns or old. loarried or isiniile, st the duunol
womaiihoo l or at tit-- turn of lif-, tiic-o Tonic Hit
ters have no e.nir.
lor 1 11 !1 :i 111 11111 1 01 y :i ud ('liriinir Illiru-
itiatisui nnd ,oul, itVNpi-tisia or 1 11
iliiiol ion, ISiiioiiM, I' -m i I len t anil
I ill erlii i 1 1 -11 1 l'ev'i, DiMi-asi-H I lie
ISI001I. I.ivi-r, Jviilni-VN siiiit Hlmldi'i',
these Hi 1 1 4 I'm h ive i'l-en most succe.-ful. Sucli
Ilisi'iiNfH are caused ly Viliult-d lilooil.
which is ccnerally proiiuced hy ,leran,nieut ol
the Dici-Mi i vo Orgiiim,
I) YSl'Kl'SI A Olt IMlKJESriOX,
llead.iche, Tain iu the Shoulders, Coughs, Tijjlit-
nes? of the LInCt, Dizziness, hour Lrtictatioua of
the Stomach, ll.ul Ta.ste in the Mouth, Bilious
Attacks, l"al, Kalion of t he Jleiu t. Inflammation of
die Lungs, Pain in thereions of the Kidneys, ami
a hundred other painful symptoms are the off
sprinpsof Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach ami stimulate the
torpid Liver und Bowela, which render them of
unequalled efficacy in cleansinp the blood of all in;
puritics, and imparling new life and visfor to the
whole system.
FOR SKIN DISEASE, F.rii.ti,m..T-tter.
Salt itheuni, lilotches. Spots, rimples. iu.stules.
lioils, Carbmicles, Ring-Worms, Si a.'d Jlrad. Sore
Mves.Krvsinelas. Itch, Scurfs, I)i -leolnrations f t!i
Skin. 11 umor.i and Diseaes of the Skin, of what
ever name op nature, are literally 1iik up and car-
d out ot Ute system inn short lime by the u.--e of
these Hitters. Due bottle in sncVi casus w ill con
vince the 1110.1t incredulous of their curative effect.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you find its
impurities, burrtinp through the skin in Pimples,
Eruptions or Sores cleanse it when you fiud it
obstructed and sluggish in the veins; cleanse it
when it is foul, and your feelinjrs will tell you when.
Ueep the blood pure, and the heallhof tho system
will follow.
PIN, TAPE, and other WORMS, urking
n the system of so many thousands, are effectually
destroyed and removed.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS AND DEALERS.
WAT.KF.I1, Proprietor. R. H. MCDONALD It
CO., Dru'irists and lien. Atrents. San Francisco,
Cal., and i ana 31 i.'omiMcre htreet, iNew lorn.
Octl8d&w6m
8 O'CLOCK.
je27
w4
For sale by FliANCIS FENN CO. and E. C.
LEWIS, Agents for Rutland. octild&wlw
18 A PUKE BLACK TEA
vth tbe tireen Tea Flavor.
Warranted to suit all tastes,
for sale everywhere, in our
"trade-mark" pound and half
pound packages only. And
for sale wholesale only by
the GREAT ATLANTIC
PACIFIC TEA COMPANY,
8 Church street. New York.
P. O. Box S50P, Bend for
Theo-Nectai Circular.
Dnovl4dJtw4
REDUCTION OP PRICES
TO CONFORM TO
REDUCTION OF DUTIE8.
GREAT SAVING TO CONSUMERS
BY GETTIN& UP CLUB8.
Send for our new price list, and a club
form will accompany it, containina full direc
tions, making a large savins to consumers and
remunerative to club organizers.
THE OEEAT AMERICAN TEA CO.
31 ft 33 VESEY fcTEEST,
novld&w4w New Yobi.
THE HOME BIBLE.
Now complete. Over 3"0 illustrations. His
torical, deecriptive, explanatory. A lihraiy of
Rinlical information in English and German.
Bo-ind canvassing Books. Free to Book Axent.
Address Horace Ki(r. Publisher, Thompson ville,
C inn (New nvland Office tor Z-ll' Popular
Encj clopedia, and Hand At'a of tbe World.
Bovl41w4w
JELLS' CARBOLIC TABLETS.
FOR COUGHS, COLDS tc HOARSENESS.
These Tablets present the Acid in combination
with other efficient remedie-, in a popular form,
for the care of all throat and long dieRes.
Hoarseness and Ulceration of the Throat are
immediately relieved, and statements are con
stantly being sent to the proprietor of relief in
cases of Throat difficulties of years standing.
P A TTTTOM Don't be deceived by worth
yj llvi' less imitations. Get only
Wells' Carbolic Tablets. Price 26 cents per box.
Send for circular. J. Q. KELLOGG. 18 Piatt
St., N. Y.,8ole Agent for the U. 8. novldw4w
BOOK AGENTS
Have long wanted a nove'tyinthe suNicrip'ion
line which will sell at sight in every family. The
PICTORIAL FAMILY REGISTER
is the only work extant which satisfies this want.
It is beautiful and stnkin, combining an entire
ly new and elegant Fami'y Photograph Album,
with a comp ete Family History. Full particu
lars and circulars free. Aldress GEO. MAC
LEAN, 3 School titreet, Boston, Mass. novl4w4
PROFITABLE EMPLOYMENT.
We desire to engine a few more Agents ti wll
the World Renowned Improved BUCKEYb
SEWING MACHINE, at a liberal taUrvoron
commission. A Horse and Waifon given to
Atrents. Ful( particulars furnished -on applica
tion. Andres W. A. HKNUEltSON CO.,
General Agents, Cleveland, Ohio, and St. Louts,
Mo. nov30dw4w
AGENTS WANTED FOE
SEXUAL SCIENCE,
Including Manhood, Womanhooi anl their tan-
tual interrelations, Jjove, its laws. Power. by
Prof. O. S. Fowler, tend for circulars and spec
imen pages. Address JN ATIUIK AL, KUBtt
INe CO., Philidelphia, Pa. nov3odw4w
THIS Id NO HUMBUG By sending SS cents
with age, height, color of eyes and hair, you
will receive by return mail, a correct picture of
your rutura husband or wife, with name ana date
of marriage. Address W. EOA, P. O. Drawer
Ne. 34, ruitonville. N. Y, nov30dw4w
-1 1 ha the delii te and refreshing
'.r"'--rTaCriiD,e of genuine 1'orloa
-CQ ,?--t.olci:c Water, and U
tho ToUct s0at lCGj
every Lady or Gen."--,-1, 'C
tlcman. Sold by Drnfjelut
and Jcalers In PElJFrMERYT-,
33 11 g i
OHlilllilS
11 111 g s1
JURU B E B A.
It ia NOT A PHYSIC It ta net what b prop
erly oalle a BITTEE8, nor ia it intended aa
sucb. it is a bouth American plant that baa bean
nsea lor many years Dy the medical lacnlty o
these countries with wonderful efficacy as a pow
erful alterative and nnequaled rrrlfler of the
blood, and is a sure and perfect remedy for all
uiaeases OK
The Liver and Spleen, enlargement or ob
struction oi intestines, urinary, uterine,
or abdominal organs, poverty or a
want of blood, intermittent or re
mitient fevers, inflammation
of the liver, dropsy, slug
gieh circulation of the
blood, abscesses,
tumors, Jaun
tdice, Scrofula, dyspepsia, agne and fever, or their
concomitants.
DR. WELLS' EXTRACT OF JURUBEBA
is offered to the public as a great invirorator and
remedy for all Impurities of the blood, or for or
ganic weakness with their attendant evils. For
the foregoing complaints.
JURUBEBA
is confidently recommended to every family as a
household remedy, and should be freely taken in
all derangements of the system, it gives health,
vigor and tone to all the vital forces.and animates
and fortifies all weak and lymphatic tempera
ments.
JOHN Q. KELLOGG. 18 Piatt St. New York.
novl d t w4 w Bol e Agent for the United States.
Price One Dollar per bottle. Bend for circular.
Tmpobtakt to Agents and
MEN WANTING BUSINESS.
Jaxt published for 1872, Map of New England
r-tat.es. ton larirn scale.) Beautifully colored in
tiwnships. Best ever pnblii-hed. Will outsell
ail other mapv and with our U. B. and World
Map J75 to $20 per month clearad with a cer
tainty. Send for descriptive circular and secure
territory at once. D L. GUERNSEY, Publish
er, Concord ,N.U. no v3''d w4 w
WATCH FREE to Agents to introduce arti
cles that sell in everv house. I.atta
Co., Pit tsburgh, Pa. nov!4dw4w
A MONTH. Horse and carriage fur-
tinJir rushed expenses naid ramnles tree.
H. B BHAW, Alfred, Me. novl4d&w4w
ffllOt A WEFK Best Cheap Shuttle Sew-
HP i trig Bla-rtne tn tbe world,
Agents
wanrefl.
J. MA Y X.B, Great Falls, N. U,
$10 FROM 50 CTS.
12 samples sent (nosae-n naidl for Fiftv Centa
uiai, rnu easuy ior xen uonars.
novjuaawiw it. L,. WOLCOTT, Y.
RIFLES. SHOT-GUNS, REVOLVERS, GUN
materials of every kind. "Write for Price
List to Great Western Gun Works. Pittabargh,
Pa, Army guns or revolvers bouirht or traded
for. Agents wanted. novlidw4w
YILSON
NEW UNDERFEED
Shuttle Se-svlnq Machines.
(A
rj
O
o
IH
3
P-
H
Hi
O
SIMPLE, DURABLE AND RE
LIABLE. Mor5 important and essential elements em
bodied in this celebrated Machine than any oth
er in the world. Does every variety of werk.
Its mechanism is unexcelled. Certificate of war
ranty for five years furnished by the manufac
turers with each Machine, secured by a half mil
lion dollars.
Inducements offered worthy the careful con
sideration of capitalists.
Send for circulars and sample sewing,
AGENTS WANTED in unoccupied territory
R J. BELLAMY CO., Gen'l Ag'ts,
522 Washington Street, BOSTON.
eeptl0deod&w3mos
The Eising Sun
m'!f
SW POLISH
TRADE MA UK,
For Beauty of Polish, Saving of Labor,
Freeness from Duet, Durability Cheap'
ness, truly unrivaled in any Country.
Beware of 'Worthless Imitations, under other names
but resembling ours in shape and color of V"rapper,
Intended to deceive.
The Rlsinjc Pun Polish in bulk, for stove dealers
use at twelve tents per pound twenty-five and fifty
pound bores. "Cheaper tLau any other Bulk Polun
for nothing."
MORSE BROS., Propr's,
CANTON, MASS.
UY THE BEST.
HOLMES, BOOTH HAYDENS'
BRILLIANT BURNER.
A Round Wick
ARGAND (BURNER,
Suitable for
ANY LAM.F,
Yielding all the result obtain
ed irom the
GERMAN STUDY LAMP.
It eives a brilliant, steadv and intenselv white
flame, and is tbe tint really successful
ROUND WICK BURNER
Ever Presented to the Public.
1 he MAMMOTH size is superior for lighting
Churches, Halls, tie.
FOH SALE BY ALL D4ALEK8.
octlCl fcwlJw
The "HOME COMTOET" Patent Cast-atee)
vnrinir Bed. Best in nse. Easy, durable and
cheap. Acents wanted to sell this bed in each of
the principal towns in Vermont. There u moo,
ey in it.
nov27d&w3 sr 8. P. WILLIAMS, EnUand.
r?ARM FOR SALE OR EX-
I CHANOK.
I will cell or exchange my farm lying ia Dor
set. i miles wect of Kast Uorset station and i
miles north of Dorset village. Said f ai m eocaiata
of 662 acres of land, with dwelling house and
cheese honse. Barn 60x70. with 11 foot-poata,
with cellar underneath. Barn oost$z000. Also,
one other small barn and small tenaut bouse.
Excellebt soft water runs to house and barn.
8ugar house and pans. SOoO maple trees. Uood
saw-mill witbin five rod of bouse, on the prem
ises. Siilrndid eprnoe lumber lot. Can cut all
grass w it h mowing maehine. Cheese laetery one
mile off, school-house 40 rods.
Will sell all or part of land. Also, 75 tons bay
and lu tone oat straw. Sue bushels oats, 109 bush
els corn, and all farming tools.
A long pav-day given, if desired.
Q. L. MUSSEY.
Rutland, Oct. 21, 1871. dwtf
ANCHOR LINK STEAM KB 8
sail, every Wednesday and Saturday, to and
from NEW YOKE AMD ULASOOW,
Calling at Londonderry to la ad Mails and Pas
sengers. The Hteamers of this favorite line arc
built expressly for the Atlantic Passenger Trade,
and fitted up in every respect with all the mod
era improvements calculated M insure the safety,
eomfoitand convenience of passengers.
Passaox Sate, Pazabu CtraBXMOT,
TO GLASGOW, LIYERPOOL AND LON
DONDERRY. First cabin. K5 and 17$. accordinsr to location.
Cabin return tickets, (136, sec unrig best aoeom-
asodatiosut. Intermediate, fu. eteeraira. tM
Parties senduiK for their friends in the Old
Country can purchase ticks ts at redneed rates.
For further particulars amir to Henderson
Brothers, T fowling Green, N. Y or to B. W.
BOWELL, National Bank of Entland, KuUand,
Vermont. ocumw3bum"
SABVn Pis. A. S. HaXCH.
FISK HATCH,
BANKERS,
AND DEALERS IN GOVERNMENT 6ECTJ-
RIT1ES,
No. S Nassau Etsui,
New York, Nov. 20, 1871,
The successful and rapid negotiation of nearly
three-fourthi of the FI FTEEN MILLION LOAN
OF THE CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO KAIL-
ROAD COMPANY, and the energetic proeecu
tton of the work of extension and preparation ot
the Road for an extensive mineral, agricultural
and through traffic, have placed the financial af
fair and resources of the Company upon such a
basis, that we are directed to advance the price
for future sales of the bonds, as explained in the
following letter of Mr. Huntington, President of
the Company:
Orxicx rHTP apxakz ikd Ohio Ratuoad Co.,
54 William fctreet. New Yor,
NOVlMBtB 18, 1871.
Messrs. FlRX ft HATCH.
Bankers "d Financial Agents C. A O. R.
ii. Co.
Gentlemen
The Western Division Of the Cheapeaks and
Ohio Railroad, comprising the 95 miles between
Huntimrton, on the Ohio River, and tbe mouth o'
New Rier (above the Falls of Kanawha.) ts row
substantially completed, and wi'l. in a few days
be rea'y to do the immense coal and other busi
ness that is awaiting 1's completion, ine .rum-
em Division, comnrisirjir 227 miles, between
White Sulphnr Spiinirs and Richmond, is now ir
complete nrdr and successful operation. Tb-
grading and maonry on eleven ot 4he 1"2 mile
between tbe mouth ot Mew niver ana wirnt
Su'nhur 8nrir?' is como'ete. nd the work on tr
remaiains 91 mils is so far advanced that track
lavirir will be commenced on this portion of the
row in May next, ana continue wr nuui inter
motion nn-il the whole line it completed.
Ia view of these facts, you are hereby directed
to make no further sales of the Bonds of etui
Company at a less price than 94 and accrued in
terest, at which price you will continue to seu un
til farther orders.
Very respectrolly yonrs,
C. P. HUNTINGTON, President.
In compliance with the foregoing instructions
the price of the Bonds, from this date, until fur
ther orders, will be 94 and accrued interest.
The scarcity of, and demand for, really
DESIRABLH BIX nit CEI'T. OOU) RONDF
for aniii and nermanent investments, is evinced
by the facta that
Five-Twenty Bonds of 1S67 are selling at 115
Central Pacifio Bonds are selling at 103
Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds are selling at 94
These bonds all pay both principal and interest
in New York city, In U. 8. gold coin, and are
equally safe for investment.
The reason why Five-Twenty Bonds are to
aigh is because no more can be issued, and tie
outstanding amount is being rapidly decreased
by purchases by tbe Government from their sur
plus revenues.
The reason why we think Central Pacific Bona
wiU in time advance to the price of Five-Twen
ties, is because no more can be issued while the
eperation of their sinking fund will B3on com
mence to decrease the amount.
The reason why Chesapeake and Ohio Bonr-
are selling so low, comparatively, while equallj
safe, is because tbe Company are selling bonds to
compute the road. They will all be sold in s
short time, and in a few months the road will be
finished, when we have no doubt the same result
will f. l'ow as with Five-Twenty and Central Pa
cifio Bonds. 1 he sinking fund of the Chesapeake
and Ohio must go into effect within one year af
ter the completion of the road.
The Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds are iaued
either cmponor registered the denominations
are as follows
1'0, which cost to-day, $94.13
$500, 4U56
$1,000, 943.12
Orders for Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds may te
sent through any National Bank or Banker or
accompanied with Drafts or Chtoks, may be for
warded to ns by maiU Bonds or money may be
forwarded by any responsible Express Company
at our expense, and the Chesapeake and Ohio
Bonds, in exchange, will be sent by return ex
press, charges paid.
We buy and sell Government and Central Pa
cific Bonds, and receive them In exchange fur
Chesapeake and Ohio Bonds.
Accounts of bai ks, bankers and others receive',
on which we allow interest at the rate of four ptt
cent per annum,
FISK A HATCH,
nov4deodw2m Financial Agents.
WHY WILL YOU
RUIN YOUR EYESIGHT
When you can prjirhae Lazarns Moms' Cel
ebrated PERFECTED
SPECTACLES and EYE-GLASSES.
THE BEST IN THE WORLD.
They are recommended for purity of material,
brilliancy of finish, and their strerurthening and
preserving powers, in which they excel all others
They last many years without change.
They can only be obtained in KuUand, Vt., ol
Messrs. CLARK BROS. A MARSHALL, watch
makers, jewelers and opticians, sole appointed
agents for this place.
NO PEDLERS EMPLOYED OR SUPPLIED.
LAZARUS MORRIS,
Manufacturing Opticians,
mch24deodwly Hartford, Cons
ELASTIC SPONGE
MATTRESSES,
PILLOWd,
PEW CUSHIONS,
iCAR AND CARRIAGE CUSHIONS.
SPONGE by the BALE or PODND.
We invite the public to call and examine our
"Elastic Sponge" goods, which we are now tell
ing ia large quantities, and which are giving
great satisfaction.
Sponge makes a softer mattress than Hair, and
wilt bold iu elasticity much longer. For Cush
onlng Churches. Halls, Theatres, Steam and
Horse Cars, it will be found the best article in
use, and ia warranted proof ayainst moths.
Ws should be pleased ta send Circular of refer
ence to any who desire.
HALEY, MORSE CO.,
Sole Agents for N. E. States,
411 WASHINGTON STREET, BOSTON.
nov7daw47
RICHABDSON'8 NEW METHOD
Von TEE
PIANO-FORTE.
This well-proved Method has been 12 years be
fore the public. Carefully prepared, and highly
recommended at the ou'set. It has readily in
creased in puhiic favor until, some years since.
it fairly reached t"e hi best po-ition, and seems
likely to retain It lor a long time.
Avhual Bale, 25 ON) Coriza.
Commencing to take lersons. aow-a-days, and
nurchasimr a Richardson" are very ant to be
cotesopuraBeous events.
Price, $3.7S. Sent, post-paid, for the retail
price.
OLIVER DITSON CO., Boston.
C. H. DITSWN CO., New York.
aisjr24dUsatAmonwtf
MAEIONj
U. S. "Watch Co. (GiJes, Wales Co.)
WATCHES
Best in the world. Ask your Jeweller to see them.
FOB SALE BY aU FIRST-CLASS DEALERS.
Wholxsaxx Rooms,
GILES, WALES CO., 13 Maiden Lane, N. Y.
nov7dw8w
JJIQHKB EDUCATION.
HELMUTHC OLLE GE
Board and Tuition per annum, $236,
HELMUTH LADIES' COLLEGE
Inaugurated by H. It. H. Prince Arthur. Board
and Tuition per annum, $236. President: Ths
Very Rev. I. Hellmnth, D.D., Dean of Huron.
aVror Particulars apply to Maior Etuis, Lon
don, Canada Wet.
septlodAwly
WESLEY AN ACADEMY, W1LBBAHAH
MA-a, An old and weU-sstabliahed Sem
inary for both taxes. Winter term commences
Dae. 6th and continues IS weeks, ror rooms or
caUlot apply to JL COOKE, Prinsipai. dl
Pritiilasle
OLD ESTABLISHED HOSPITAL
Wo, 6, Beaver Street, Albany, N. Y.
DR, TELLER continues to be eonfidentUIly
and successfully consurted en all forma of private
diseases at his old established Hospital, Ne.
Beaver hU, Albany, N. Y. Twenty years devoted
to this one particular branch of practice, enables
him to perform enrea suck aa no other physician
can and hu facilities are such, (being m cones
pondence with the most celebrated physicians of
the Old World) of obtaining the safest aa well as
the latest i mrtlirsfrrrthiTr flisrssre. sffta unlaus
meats to the nnfortonate ef a. quick and rapid
sure to be obtained at no other place in America,
In syphiba, cunorrhea, gleoaUlcuiredsilarge
ment of the testacies and spermatic eorda, bub
aicerated thrott, sore throat, tender abut bones.
en tail eons eruptiona, bUea. nicer, and all other
impurities of the system, are perfectly under easv
vol of the Doctor's medicuiee, and beve been
tested ia more than 30,000 cases annually wttk
mmense success.
YOUNG MEN addicated to secret hablta, wbe
have Impaired their heal Lb and destroyed the
vigor ef their minds, thus depriving themselves ot
die pleasure of married life, are notified that la
msuittng Dr. J. Teller, they will nnd a friend to
sunaele, and a physician who has cured tkoa
lands ta almost every part ef the United States,
ho applied ta Dr. T. broken dewa la health,
sow rejoice in all that makes life desirable and
an happy. The reader la of course aware that
'he delicacy of the subject will prevent a mora
minute deecnpOon of this terrible diet sen.
DR. TELLKH'S GRKAT WUKL-A boo fr,
everybody. Startling disclosures. Dr. Tellera
reat work for the married and those contemplat
ing marriage 200 pages full ef plates price tt
wnta. Sent to a J parte, under seal, by mail post
paid. The single, married, and married happy.
a lecture tin Love, or bow to choose a partner
complete work on midwifery. It contains bun.
treda of secrets never before published. War
ranted to be worth three times the amount aaked
(or it. Twenty -tire eenta in postage stamps en-
dosed, will secure a eopy by return mail. D.
Teller has devoted all his time to the eurs o
'nose diseases of which his book treats.
Office hours tnrm A. Jd te S P. It, and
in Sunday from 2 to P. M
N. B. fersona at a distance can be cured at
tome, by addressing a letter te J. Teller, enrlne
tog a renuttanoe. Memorise aeeuraly packed
Tom observation, sect to any part of the world.
Ill cases warranted. No charge for advioe. Ne
ttudents or boys employed. Notice this address
41 letters to
3. TELLER, M. D.,
No. 5. Beaver tot.. Alanr. N. Y.
mavl7dwtf.
"il If 1 1JUJL.JUAJ&& W ILiL. iSJS
J V-S forfeited by Ur. L. ltz U falling to
tun in leas time than any other physuua, mere
triectually and permanently, with lean restraint
(ram oeupation or exposure ta all weather, with
pure and pleasant medicines.
.LJf.ABUls. A.HU HOIUTAKY UABITB,
TnxaHeeta and eonaeu oenoss I
SPECIAL A1LMKNTH AN 1 all LI A.TION
Incident to uurrteo. and Angle ladles
SECRET AND DELI CAT anlHObD ICRS
Here anal affections, eruptions and all disease ol
neskin, ulcers of toe nose, throat and body,
pimples en the face, swelling of the Joints, nee.
eousnesa, constrcuauani ana exner wee anceses in
youth and the mere advanced, at all age, of
BOTtt DEXJUl,nA"'Ji Oil
DB. lTdIX'S
PRXVATa MnDlUAL OFFICE,
21 Khbiootx Braaax, Bostwb, Q
O ar ra need that pauents aevat heat or
aeh other. Reeollect, the only entrance to hi s
nice is Ns. 21, aaving no connection srith his
raaidenee, consequently no family interruption,
to that on no account can any person hesitate
ipplying at his olttce.
JLIA. AAJa
leldly asserts, (and it c&nnui be contradicted, ea-
wpt by auacka, who will say or do anytnina;, even
erjure themselves, to impose upon pausts,(
Jiat ns
IS THS 0LT BSStTLAB anAOUAn FHTSISIAM
AOvanTutuia ia aoerua.
TWENTY YEARS
mgaged in treatment of Special Diseases, a fut
io well known to many eitisena, publisher, nwr-
ihanta, hotel propnetora, ae., that he ia much
rwmtmmend,B,d pa rtieularly to
BTKsvNUERnAMD TRAVELERS.
To avoid and escape imposition of foreign and
aative quacks, more numerous ta Boston thaa
vither large dues,
dh. via
proudly refers to prolessrs and respectable phys
wnans many of whom who consult him ia criti
cal eases, because ol nis acknowledged skill and
reputation, attained through so long experience,
sraetice and observation.
a vi?i i nr kii a mi nwrnuTrrv a ftr
oe not robbed, and add to year sufferings in being
leceivea oy tn lying nam, uiisrepreseniauons.
false promises and pretensions of
jrOKKlUM JLS XI ciJkll V Jfi BUACaB,
ho know little of the nature and character ef
ipeeial Diseases, and leas aa to their cure, botne
xniblt lorreo oiplomas oi institutions or eoUears
ehich never existed in any part of ths wurld
rthers exhibit diplomas of the dead, now obtained
inknawn: not only assu ming and adverttams:
.a r-" of those inserted in the diplomas, but to
further their imposition assume names of othet
elebrated physicians long since dead. Neither b
ieceived by
QUACK NOSTRUM-MAKERS.
Jirongh false certificates and references, and te
xunmenaationa oi tneir meausnea Dy we Oeaa
ho cannot expose ot contradict them; cr who,
eaide, to further their imposition, eopy from
nedieal booke nub ennt la erittaa ef the qunli
aea and effects of different herbs and pi. and
Ascribe all the aame te their pills, extractajspecif
ics, scc most of which4f not aU, contain mercury,
lecauae ef the ancient belief of its "curing every,
-hing," but now known to "kill more than it
Turea," and those not killed, eongtitrutionaUy ln
inred for life.
lUNORANCB OF QTJACK DOCTORS AND
NOSTRUM-MAKERS.
Through the iguoiauue of tbe Uuaek Doctor,
knowing no other remedy ,he relies upon Mercury
tnd gives it to all his patients in pills, drops, at,,
o the nostmm-maker, equally ignorant, adds te
lis so-called extraota, speeine, antidete, Ac. both
relying upon its effects in eturng a few in a hund,
ted, it is trumpeted in various ways throughout
-he land but, alas I nothing is said of the Val
mce, some of whom die, others grow worse, and
re left to linger or suffer for months or yeara,un
dl relieved or cured, if possible, by competent
physicians.
iUT ALL QUACKS ARE NOT IGNORANT.
Notwithstanding the foregoing facts ars
mown to soma quack doctors and nos-vum-makers,
yet, regardless of the lifs
tnd health of others, there are those among them
ho will even perjure themselves, contradicting
riving mercury to their patient, or that it is cos
aineo in their nostrums, so that ths "usual fee"
nay be obtained for professedly curing, or tfca
iollar," or "fraction of it," may be obtained for
he nostrum. It is thus that many are deceived,
sieo, and uselessly spend large among ts for expert
tments with quackery,
DR. L. DUE'S
aharges are very moderate. Coramunlcationa
tacredly confidential, and all may rely on aim
with the strictest seeresy ao 2 confidence, what
ever may be the disease, condition or situation fc!
any one, married or single.
Medicines sent by mail or express to all parts ol
the United btatea.
All letters requiring advice must contain ons
dollar to insure an answer.
Address Dr. L. D;x, Ne. 21 Endieott street,
Boston, Mass.
Brton.1K7l. fe9dendawlvy.
'JO THE LADIES.
The celebrated DR. L. DIZ particularly invites
all ladies who need a medical or surgtoai adviser,
toealifat nis rooms, 21 Endieott street, Boston,
Vaaa which they will find arranged for their
ipedal aceommodatioo.
DR. DIZ having devoted over twenty years ta
'.his partieulrr branch of ths treatment of all dis
eases peculiar to femalea,it is now eoneeded by all
(bath la this country and ta Europe), that ha ex
acts all other known practitioners in ths aaie,
speedy and effectual treatment of all female no-
plaints.
His medicines ars prepared with ths express
purpose of removing all diseases, such as debility,
weakness, unnatural suppressaona, eulanremefits
of the womb, also all discharges which (low from a
eaorbid state of the blood. The Doeter is now
fully prepared te treat ia his peculiar style, both
nedically and surgically all diseases of thefemals
sex, and they are respectfully invited ta call at
No. 21 Kwdioott rtTStxi, Rorwi,
AU letters requiring advice must contain oca
loU tn Insure an answer. feb&dikawAwlyr.
tteatnn. I vv.
D
R. TOPLIFFS
SYRUP OF TAR
S7SES ALL
DISEASES OF THE THROAT AND LUNGS
Coughs, Colds, Croup, Canker, Bronchi Ua, Asth
ma, W hooping Cough,B!eedlng of ths
Lungs, (and Consumption,
EieoxxtsncD ei ihxaEisx Phticlu.s.
Read the following testimonial:
Bosrox, Mam., Oct. 1, 1ST I.
Da. TorLirr Dear hir I had a severe tien
ble with my threat and lunra, which troubled me
exceedimcly, and I had almost despaired of get
ting relief, when I was told ef your Myrnp of
Tar, which I tried with the best of results, as I
am now quite well. My cough baa left me, and
the soreness has disappeared aa if by magic, 1
write you this, that ethers may try It and te
benefited, as 1 can recommend it to all.
W. H. BOWMAN.
If i Cambridge btrost.
Circulars containing tsstlmenials sent free to
aU on application. For sale by dmgKists gener
ally, or sent to any part of tbe country, securely
K eked, upon receipt of the pi Me, one dollar a
tue, by the proprietor.
Henry 4k Co., Wholcsala Agents, SuzUagtoa,
Yt,
Da. C. C. TOPLIFF, Proprietor,
octl4dwtf FiahcrTUle, N. XL