VOLUME XI.-NUMBER 181 J.
CHARLESTON, SATURDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 14. 1871.
EIGHT DOLLARS A YEAR.
'THE BURNING OF CHICAGO.
A FULL AND COSSECTED ACCOUNT OF,
THE AWFUL DISASTER.
Origin au?t C'rcnmitances of the Great
Fire- \n Eyt-Witness' i Sketch of the I
Appal Ung Scenes of Sunday Night
Fllgttt of the Panic-stricken People
before the Furloui Conflagration
Sight? on Monday-A Thrilling Narra?
tive, dir.
We are new able to give the public some?
thing like a succinct account ot the origin pro?
gress and termination of the most disastrous
ure which bas ever been known on this con?
tinent. From various sources of information
we l ave received comparatively full particu?
lars o? the destruction of Chicago, and although
the horrors of the two nights and two days
dunug which the devoted city was wrapped
in dames can never be entirely known, yet
enougu is known ta solten even the most ob?
durate hear.', and fill the most unfeeling soul
wl^h pity ant', sorrow.
At about 10 o'clock Sunday evening the fire
broke out lu the western division of the city,
at the coruerof Oekoven and Jefferson streets,
a place 'than which no worse could have been
found, for the houses for blocks around were
wooden tenements, as dry and crisp and ready
to be burned as if they had been prepared for
that purpose. And they had been prepared.
For weeks an almost unexampled drought bad
plagued the West, more particularly the neigh?
borhood ol the city. The prairies were bare
and brown, the water-courses dried up. the
fields parched almost as ii a simoon had swept
over them. In various sections ol the West
-j??p.d Northwest most dreadful and unheard of
Tres had raged, In which thousands upon thou?
sands ot acres of forest land had been destroy?
ed, and the prairies swept as with the besom
of destruction. Chicago was like tinder, wait?
ing only for a spark lo set lt in fi?mes, and
when that spark came, it came in that quarter
of the city wblcb, more than any other, was
ready to be acted upon by it.
Then the scene In this quarter was terrible,
but only the begiunlng of horrors which were
soon to come. The wind had set lu from the
southwest early In the evening, and Just about
the lime when the conflagration began it
freshened, and soon Increased In violence
till it became a furious gale. The city fire
engines came to the scene with all possible
dispatch; the firemen were almost wore out
with their exertions in subduing the fire ot the
previous evening, and even nad they been
lresh they could have been of li' avail, for
the flames had got under headway and were
not to be stopped. In a lew minutes thev had
extended to adjoining bouses, and spread like
wildfire in a northeasterly direction. The
poor people who occupied the tenements
sprang In affright from their beds, and with
cries of terror ran down into the streer. Beds
and furniture ol all descriptions were thrown
from the window?, and lay In heterogeneous
confusion on the sidewalk, obstructing the
passage to and fro of the fire companies, and
thus preventing what little chance there had
been ol imp' ling the onward rush of tho fire,
and soon th" whole district, as far down as Tan
Buren street, was one sheet ol flame, roaring
and hissing and licking about piles of lumber
and rows of dwellings, which crackled and fell
crashing to tbe ground. The sky was lighted
up for miles around, and the river lc-okedHke
a stream of blood. Hardly had the families
which occupied the district time to escape
with their lives, and as to savisg their house?
hold furniture, which to most cf them was
their all, lt was a thing not to be thought of.
Women, half-clad, ran screaming through the
streets, a baby in one arm, while little chil?
dren clung to them and whimpered with ter?
ror. At every attempt to stay the flames the I
firemen were driven baffled and disheartened, i
^et they worked manfully and disputed the j
ground Inch by Inch. Over the furniture
which strewed the streets all went running in
the wildest confusion, each person bent only
on saving himself and his family and caring
nothing for hts neighbor. Many In their]
wild endeavors to escape were knocked
down and trampled upon, and some even
killed. Many of these laborers-for the quar
ter was mainly inhabited by people ot that I
class-wert cartmeo and draymen, and natu
rally they strove to their utmost to save their
horses, i ut ia cases of fire horses seem to 11
lose all the instinct which, under ordinary cir-11
cumstances, would save them from danger, I
and stand ?took still lo their stables, their 11
flanks and sides shaking In the agony of terror, 11
and utterrr refuse to be taken or driven from
their stables which, poor beasts, they have I
always considered their place of safety where 11
no harm can reach them. On this awful night, 11
above even the roar of the flames and the 11
crash ol tailing Umbers, could te heard the 11
shrieks of the horses ringing out on the night I
air. They would not be driven away, but,
stupefied with fear, fell down In their Btables
and were roasted alive, and tbe sickening 11
stench of burning flesh was added to the i
indescribable ana nauseating odor which I
always accompanies burning buildings when 11
wa'er has been showered upon them. Seeing 11
that lt would be impossible to save the city 11
with the force at his command, Marshal WU- 1
Hams telegraphed to neighboring places, ask- i
in g for Immediate aid, wnich was given with j
all possible dispatch. But lt came slowly-at i
such limes every minute ls an age-and before 11
engines could arrive from Milwaukee triple
wirk was to be done, and, to add to the nor-1
rora or the time, it was feared that the water 11
would give out. In three hours over twenty i
blocks of houses had been burned to the
fround and lay smouldering in ruins. The Are 11
ad spread more iliac a mlle from the place at I
which it had started, and was making directly
for the heart of the city. It had made a clean
swathe from Dekoven street to Van Buren,
and from the river to Jeffersou street, a mile I
in length and nearly a mile In breadth.
The fire-bells clanged and clamored, and
from the steeples the church-bells bellowed In
the drowsy ear of night, waking the citizens
far down town who had slumbered through
the early hours of the night, while in another
section the fire bad been driving helpless wo?
men and children from their homes Into house
less ness and despair. And sti 1 the bells rang
on as if a legion of devils bad taken possession I
ojjLthe belfries. The whole etty awoke in ter
ro? and rushed into the streets, only to find
them filled with people running to ano fro, I
with women sitting on curbs and Btoops cry-1
lng with grief, and sobbing over their children
who lay tn their arms asleep, ard all uncon-1
8Cious of tbe dread disaster wniim .ind befallen 11
them, or looked up with wondering eyes at 11
their mothers' laces. What was it all about 11
What made the sky so red Why were J i
the streets so full ol people They couldn't
make it out at all, and then they went to sleep
ueato, while their mothers wept and prayed 11
and wondered what had become of the child's I
father.
At some places the fire did not co In a direct
line, Li.: left some houses-as fires will do- i I
almost unharmed in the midst of the flames. I
A gentleman who was in a bouse in Market 11
street, Just beyond the river, describes the
scene as he saw it from his housetop. Up to-11
wards the burning dlst-lct and far beyond the
sky seemed to be on fire; the clouds driven
past by the gale seemed masses of angry flame
rushing towards him. and bearing destruction
to the whole city- Below the tire roared and
ran along from house to house like a snake
grasping all things In its hungry Jaws. The air
was filled with sparks and fire-brands, which
whirled and danced, were driven before the I
wind, or shot up suddenly towards the heavens
like rockets. The noise was almost deafening;
the rattle of carts and engines as they drove
madly through the streets, men and women
emerging from the smoke, which rolled In
heavy volumes down the way, andi&aring with
them whatever they could Fay their hands on; I
their heads and faces as they gleamed in
the lurid light, he describes as a scene never to I
be forgotten. It was a grand, but an awful 11
picture. In its passage the fire had burned 11
down many lumber yards, and the freight de-11
pots of the Chicago and St. Louis, the Pitts-
burg and Fort Wayne, and the Chicago Rail- J
roads. 11
As it approached the river it becameevi-|J
dent that lt would cross it, and soon that tear i
was realized for the wind carried brands i
?ross the narrow stream to the northeast I
le, and there, falling on the wooden build-11
ings adjoining the gas-works, set it on fire. I
and then the Hames, r aving secured a foothold, j 1
rushed on to their work of further destruction, i
The <ras-house was destroyed, and the city was
lighted only by the fires which were consuming
itself lhen came a panic such as a city ha3 ll
rare? seen. Vague rumors of pillage filled 11
the air, and deeds of violence and horror wer
more than dreaded. The people rushed pel
mell lrom their houses rather than rema!
within them in darkness-the most haled an
detested thing in times of disaster and catai
trophe. They ran I crowds about the street!
meeting crowds rushing from opposite dlrec
lions, and, in their fright, trying to pu-h thei
way through the dense masses which encone
tered them, were trampled down and many c
them crushed to death, in the desperatloh c
the moment.
The vessels in the river then took fire, am
as the flames ran up their masts, seized thi
rigging and danced like fiends upon the spare
leaping about from one yard to another, th
scene was beautiful and terrible beyond de
scriptlon. But there was little thought of th
picturesque among those who witnessed It?
ali was horror and dismay.
An awlul spectacle was presented when thi
fire, having swept down the river, reachei
Lake street. An eye-witness ot the seem
says that the body of the flame presented i
front ot halt a semi-circle, and behind lt wa
a raging, roaring hell of fire half a mile deep
Nothing material could withstand the surge o
this tremendous sea of flame. On its ad vane?
northward it had driven the Inhabitants inti
Lake and South Water streets and on to thi
bridges, much as a prairie fire stampedes af
frighted animals. Tue streets were filled witt
a distracted people, panic-stricken and hud
died In a mob almost as terrible to bebolc
as the roaring conflagration. Until nov<
some instinct seemed lo have point?e
out this section as beyond the reach o
the fire. But when lt was seen that the ocean
ol flame was Irresistibly whelming everything,
all dependence on human means ol' succor wa;
lost. Looking down on this awful assemblage,
lit as lt was by the flaming crimson light, and
hearing the norrid human tumult aoove th?
crackling of the oncoming fire, lt seemed lik<
the appalling realization of one of those old
visions of the day of Judgment. Au over?
whelming sense of a catastrophe beyond the
power of man lo arrest, robbed this surging
riot of wretches ol the usual petty considera
lions of life. Those who were strongest and
most cowardly, knocked the others cc-rn in
their delirium; men, women and childi ?n vere
trampled upon by human herds that fled with?
out reason hither and thither, uttering the most
pitiful groans and cries ot distress. When the
fire seized upon Lake street, overlapping the
magnificent stores and warehouses which ex?
tend from Lake to the river, and igniting them
and all their costly contents as if they were so
much tinder, a horrible sight was presented,
lor now the thousands were hemmed in be?
tween the fire and river. The stampede was
sickening beyond the power ot words to tell.
Men and horses were jammed on Ibe bridges.
Women and children clinging alike to each
other and the most precious of their house?
hold effects; some of them with their clothes
nearly torn from their bodies ran blindly
about screaming and moaning. All distinc?
tion of class and nationality was lost. This
narrator crossed the Wells street bridge and
reached the track of the Galena Road. He
does not remember how he crossed lt. It
seemed to him afterwards that he was lilted
upon the human waves and thrown blinded
and confused Into i he opposite street. Here
the smoke was pouring in dense billows over
the walls and through Wells, Lasalle, Clark
and Dearborn streets. As he turned to look
back a fiery cincture stretched all round to
the south and west, and through the smoky
cross streets burned the red glare ot the on?
rushing fiend with distended jaws and lurid
Ups. The streets looked like vast oven doors.
At last the morning dawned-and upon what
a scene The sun rose lurid as seen through
the uuv^ which hung above the city like a
curse. That wh ch at night bad been awful In
Its grandeur, looked desolate and wan In the
early light. The burnt districts looked like
hell with the fires burnt out, AU alonz the
path of the storm was marked with black and
smouldering ruins. As one passed down South
Water street and up Market to the river, care?
fully picking his way through the yet smoking
embers, from beneath which flames would oc?
casionally start up as a motion ot the foot ad?
mitted air to the wood below, a most horrible
and sickening sight blasted the eves. Hen,
driven by that blind instinct which makes
them, though hopeless, return to the scene of
that disaster which has ruined them, sought
the spots where once their homes had stood,
and, sitting down on some pieces of fallen tim?
ber, actually wept and wrung their hands In
anguish. One ot these wretched beings sought
his home, and in stepping on a halt-charred
beam caused lt to spring up, and from beneath
lt came a sickly odor. Ii? madly turned and
pried away the timber, and saw beneath lt the
dead body of bis son, a young man ct about
twenty years of age, who, probably returning
to the house to save something he prized, bad
Tallen in the flames and been burned to death
roasted alive.
Throughout the day the fire continued with?
out cessation. It seemed as though the ele?
ments had become demoniac. The wind blew
hurricane as though for the express purpose
if aiding the fiend of fire, who would enter a
street with a roar as though goaded on by a
lemon, yet more malignant than himself who
was driving him to frenzy. Then the fire rush
2d on at the houses, seized them, and they
were whirled away in smoke and flame, or sent
with cracking walls and bursting beams top?
pling to the ground. Yet amid the rage their
'all could scarcely be heard. In streets bo rd er
.ng on the river, as those tn thc rear of Klnzle
ind Soulh Water, walls fell with a sullen roar
n to the water which seethed and foamed tor a
moment and then closed above them unruffled.
In Wabash and Michigan avenues, and In all
:iie places where the richer class of citizens
live, when the fire came the distress was awful.
Women who had never known what a care
was, and consequently were, as one would
suppose, utterly incapable of bearing with
equanimity such a calamity ns the destruction
ot their homes, yet here there were many In
stances ol heroism and love worthy to be sung
In story. Mrs. L-d, ot Wabash avenue,
had been deserted by her servants as soon as
lt became certain that the house was doomed;
they bad gone off, taking with them whatever
they could lay their hands on. She, her daugh?
ter, and her Invalid husband were alone In the
house, and the flames were rapidly approach?
ing. There was no help to be expected,
for everybody was bent on saving what he
could of his own properly. There was not a
moment to spare, and the two women actually
carried Mr. L-d away in their arms and
brought him in safety beyond the reach of the
fire. Such instances were numerous alike
among rich and poor.
Throughout the day the conflagration raged,
and all hopes ot extinguishing it seemed to be
lost, for the wind yet continued to blow with
terrific loree; and when night a-ain came a
new-horror was added. Bands of drunken
and infuriated men roamed the streets, chant
log ribald songs and bent on pillage. It seems
singular, yet all experience shows it to be
true, that in times of great disaster men are not
chastened, but the worst part ol their nature
ls roused to action. They become moral
maniacs. These men and half-grown boys
broke into several stores and houses, probably
in search rather of whiskey than of plunder.
In some Instances barrels ot intoxicating
liquor were rolled Into the streets, the heads
knocked in, and then took place scenes which
baflle description in their utter and disgusting
bestiality. Men drank till they fell down io
their tracks, aud th "ti others took their places,
only to fall and lie helplessly on
the bodies of the others who wallowed
In the gutters like hogs. In some instances 1
the barrels were overturned and the liquor
ran down the gutters and took fire, which 1
leaped along the street and burned with a
ghastly blue flame. Several persons were
burned to death In this way, but many were
dragged away by their less drunken comrades,
although there was little of friendly fellowship 1
left in them. The citizens seem to have tormed
a sort of vigilance committee, and thus pre?
vented much or horror, pillage and bloodshed.
But the fire-what was to Ftop lt J
The wind altered Us direction and then al?
most died out. Then came a drenching rain,
and at last the fire seemed to have burned
Itself out. Aid, too, had come in abundance.
and at last the most terrific conflagration this i
continent had ever known was subdued. Last
night the fire had ceased, and left only heaps
of smouldering embers to mark the path ot its
progress. 1
Already some of the most heart-rending
results of the great calamity have been felt.
Men who a few days ago were millionaires
low find themselves almost penniless. The 1
work which it took years to accomplish hos
aeen overthrown in a single day. Fortunes
save been destroyed which it has taken years
io accumulate, and, as ls reported, many men
dave been made crazy by this disaster, and
neither time nor care may re-tore their rea- j
jon. Families have been broken up, and all
calamity has settled upon the Inhabitants ol
:he ill-starred city. Their material prosperity
may be restored, and doubtless will be, through j
their own indomitable energy and pluck, but
still in atter years the memory ol the two
noches tristes will remain wlib them, and
losses which can never be made up lo them
AN EYE-WITNESS'S ACCOUNT.
Statement of the Refugees-Terrible
and Fascinating ?cenes.
Tho very crude reports by telegraph cannot
begin to give an adequate idea ot the great
conflagration. The story of the dreadful hours
of Sunday night and Monday morning, as rela
ted by eye-witnesses, surpasses anything that
ever has been published. From a gentleman
who reached New York on Tuesday night
[rom Chicago, and who is thoroughly ac
tjualnted with the topography and population
of that burnt city, the New York World ob
tains the following:
The city has for some weeks been ripe for
3uch a disaster. Everything has been os dry
as linder. Insurance men have remarked this
ind the Are alarms recently-say for a month
post-were so lrequent that they had scarcely
any rest from constant apprehension. Satur?
day atternoon lhere were several small alarms
sounded, but none amounted to much until
ibo.it 10 o'clock. At ll we looked out of the
windows aud Baw the sky crimson willi the
reflection from the flames, and al midnight
the glare lit up the streets, and even sent out
brilliant flame over Hie lake. Everybody
the house (the Tremont House) was up all
niglu. fearful of what might happen. All day
3unduy the excitement continued, but it was
aot until night that the worst came. From
ihe roof of our hotel we looked over the doora
?d city. A strong wind was blowing at tl
Imo, iud yet the flames seemed to go in u
iirections. like an expanding scythe mowin,
?reat and Increasing swathes with irlghiful
rapidity. We could ihink of nothing else but
hell. The flames were in some places like huge
waves, dashing to and tro, leaping up an
iown. turning aud twisting, and pouring now
ind then a great column of smoke und blaze
mindro Js ol feet Into the air,like a solid,perpen
ilcular shalt ol molten metal. In other places
it would dart out loug streaks, like mammoth
macondas. with Dissing fiery tongues. Then
these serpeniine shapes would stoop down
aver the blazing path into the yet unburu
buildings, which seemed pierced and kindled
instantaneously. There were also billows of
Same that rolled along like water, submerging
.'verylhlug lu Its course. Now and then, as
some explosive material was consumed, the
place would seem like the crater of a vast vol
:ano, puffs of smoke und flashes of light, aud
millions ol sparks and cinders being scattered
In ali directions. Sometimes the air would
Oe full of them, and giiits of wind would float
them like flocks ol fire birds hillier and thither
Occasionally there were cinders of more than
two feet lu length. Showers of these were
lalling-actually raining down everywhere
Our faces were slung, aud our clothing now
ind then set on fire, until we got wet timbrel
los und held them as shields over us. There
was a
TERRIBLE FASCINATION
n gazing upon the scene. It was unearlbly
hideous, terrific. Oar eyes seemed riveted so
that we could nol wiibdraw ihem. There were
miles of fire, mountains ol Hame, waves of
iglu, flashes, clouds, brilliant scintillations
With the aid of glasses we could see the streets
thronged with people flying for their lives
Children were curried, (creaming wilh terror
women were shrieking, men shouting, and all
running. We saw some old and sick and bein
ess carried on stretchers-some apparently
demented or stupefied were dragged along
rios-* to their heels, in hoi pursuit, came the
welching, roaring and crackling flames. In
lome ?naces they actually advanced as fast as
i mau ran. The most awful ol all was the
.hunderous roar thal seemed to roll upward
ind outward from the centre of the huge
?olocaust; now there would be a report like
he ooom ot distant guns, again came a snap
Ding like the rattle ol musketry. Horses rush
>d like maniacs through the streets. One
splendid leam, attached to a coach, ran over
be Van Buren street bridge, which had
jeen charred and weakened; Just os the mad
lorses had passed the centre lt gave way
ind they plunged down through the lurid glare
nto the scarlet river below. There were all
ions of scenes happening, some horrible and
>thers ridiculous. Here and there, when some
all building became eheeted la flame, the
valla would weaken and waver like India-rub
>er. It was wonderful how they sometimes
iwayed almost across ihe street, and then fell
villi a loud crash; then a momentary dark
tess, and afterward fresh glares ol light from
>ome newly-kindled fire. Even those streets
hat were paved with the wooden patents were
nasses of five coals. The massive granite slabs
vere cracked Into thousands ol pieces. All
bis lime the heat was very great. By and by
tgrew so intense that no one could stand
vlthin blocks of the place. Over the roofs
ame gusts of hot air, sometimes almost stroug
no ugh to throw one off h<s feet. Our shoes
vere parched, the Un roof was hot, and we
vere forced down below. The greatest sight
vas to notice how tfca^flames seemed to en
;ulph the larger and more lofty Mansard roofs
-they went like paper. The hotel was crowd
id; all were excited and fearful. Every mo
nent the reports came that ihe fire wits near
og us, and Anally we knew we
COULD NOT REMAIN LONGER,
?scape was the only thought. At midnight
he flaming host crossed the AdnmB Street
Iridge. All ihe shipping that had not been
emoved was consumed. Tue tar and other
nflammable stuff made an iutense light, and
he heat caa be imagined from the clouds ol
team that came up from the river. The Itero
lene oil stores made an awful yet sublime
Seclude, as the flames seemed to penetrate
e very clouds. The huge Iron reservoir of
he gas-works exploded with tremendous
orce and sound, demolishing several adjacent
>uildlas8. Everybody now seemed deinoral
zed. The very earth seemed actually gaping
>ut Are, flame and smoke, ne though the
vorld Itself was to be swollowed up in the cou
lagratlon. The rush from the Tremont House,
vhen the word was given, was akin to a
janie. The stairways were choked, and as
he smoke from the approaching fire came in
luffs through the windows the situation seem
.d lrighlfui.
In three cases persons jumped from the
vindows, and two children were tied up in
teds and thrown from the fourth story win
low, and landed on the pavement uninjured.
i Mr. Jarvis had a broken leg from spriugiug
rom the second story window, and others
vere bruised from the same cause. We se
lured a 3tage and drove towards the suburbs,
loping to get away on some extra train. The
?orses were almost ungovernable from fright,
tome or the blacks- wSttr Impassable, being
Hied with ruins. Finally we reached a tralu
hat was just being dispatched direct for help,
ind by the kindness ol the conductor we were
aken along. We heurd ot several deaths and
nany being swallowed up In ihe flames. Cer
ainly there must have been loss of life. One
Ireman declares that three families were sur
ounded and burnt to death in the block
?ounded by Adams, Jackson, Canal and Wa
er streets. We saw groups of all classes of
leople in the street, some hatless, coat less,
tare-foot and shivering. Some of these were
if the wealthier class. They were shelterless,
lomeless, and poverty-stricken and brokeu
tearted. The agony of mind in some cases,
vhere relatives were searching hopelessly for
nissing ones, was pitiable to witness. Nu one
aved anything. There was no chance. We
hrew our trunks in the street, but there we
iud to leave them.
LATEST REPORTS RT TELEGRAPH.
CHICAGO, October 13.
The Liverpool and London and Globe Insur
mce Company have ordered the immediate
?ayment of their losses, which aggregate six
nil!ion of dollars.
The Commerce Insurance Company, at Al
tany, with a l03S0i $450,000, places their assets
a the hands of a receiver.
A noticeable fact is the almost perfect condi
ion of the Nicholson pavement. For miles on
he nonh side il ls uninjured.
The evidence accumulated shows that the
oas ot life is greater than ul first supposed.
The Har'.iord, Connecticut, Fire Insurance
Company'* circular says their Chicago losses
ire so high they are obliged to suspend busi
?ess until a reorganization is settled.
Eight elevators were saved. The loss ol
jrain foots up two million of bushels.
The Adams Express Company gives ten
thousaud dollars to Chicago.
LONDON-, October 13.
The donations to Chicago are large through?
out the Empire and on the Continent. The
Lord Mayor yesterday received ?7000 sterling
in contributions irom private individuals.
Baring Bros., Morgan A Co., Rothschild?,
Browne, Shipley Co., and the Great West?
ern, of Canada, and Grand Trunk Railways
give ?1000 each. The government have or?
dered the military authorities in Canada to
tender to Chicago all the tents and blankets in
the Dominion.
NEW ORLEANS, October 13.
Mayor Flanders telegraphs the Mayor of
Chicago to draw at once for $10,000, and sub?
scriptions are still coming in.
NEW YORK, October 13.
The Stuyvesant Bank has suspended, on ac?
count, lt is believed, ot the Chicago fire.
The latest statement trom the Hartford In?
surance Company is that the capital "is Intact,
with a million and a half excess.
FIRES IN THE WEST.
CHICAOO, October 13.
The Are In Manlster [Menasha, Wisconsin?]
destroyed two hundred buildings, six mills
and all the shipping at the dock. Loss $1,300,
000.
Further advices from Green Bay report that
one hundred and fifty men were burned to
death In a large barn where they sought ref
fuge. .Hundreds of peopie were driven into
the rivers by the fires, and were drowned.
Another dispatch from Green Bay states
that a steamer had Just arrived, bringing the
report that three hundred and twenty-five
bodies were burned at Plsbtego last night, and
as many more persons are still missing.
Seventy five persons were burned to death at
Little Sturgeon Bay. The eufferlog through?
out the North ls terrible.
PROCEEDINGS OF THE TRIENNIAL
CONVENTIOy AT BALTIMORE.
Pastoral Letter of the Bishop* in Aid or
Chicago-Committee on the Ritual to
be Appointed by the President-Im?
portant Reports and Propositions.
SEVENTH DAY-OCTOB R ll.
At the suggestion of the president, leave ol
absence was granted to the Rev. Drs. Thomp?
son and Locke, of illinois, both ot whom are
rectors of churches In Chicago.
The Chicago Disaster-Pastoral Letter
from the Bishops.
A message was received trom the House of
Bishops, accompanied by the following
Resolved. That the agent of the Associated
Press in this city be respectfully requested to
send out as speedily and as generally as possi?
ble a dispatch to this effect That the bishops
of the Prolestant Episcopal Church request
fiat where practicable collections be made in
aid of the sufferers at Chicago, on Sunday, the
15lh ot October, In the congregations under
their jurisdiction.
Resolved. That the following pastoral letter
be slgoed by the members ot this house, and
sent immediately to their dioceses
'To the Clergy and Laity of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States:
"DEAR BBETHRKN-A conflagration, perhaps
unparalleled In the history of Christendom Tn
Its extent and in the magnitude of the losses
lt has occasioned, has swept over the rich and
prosperous City of Chicago, leaving lt In
ruins, consigning some persons to death in
one of Hs most dreadful forms, reducing many
irom wealth to poverty, and many more from
competence to the verge of starvation. In
the presence of so ieartul a calamity, when
the arm of God ls laid before us, wbilf
yet His bounties are continued to us and you,
and Borne of you are enriched with a large
tare of His temporal gilts, we, your bishops
and fathers in God, call upon you tn His name,
and tor His sake, and in remembrance and
Imitation of our dear Lord, to whose service
and example you are vowed, who did Himself
go about doing good to the bodies as well as to
the souls of men, and who has taught us that
the good we do to our suffering brethren He
will acknowledge in the last day as done to
Himself; we call upon you to give at once irom
your wealth, and even Irom your poverty,
ireely, gladly and liberally, in aid ot ourheavl
l3'-affllcted brethren in Chicago; and we ask
that in every congregation in our dioceses and
missionary Jurisdictions collections be made
on the 15th october, or os soon thereafter as
may be, and be at once remitted to the treasu
rer'ol each diocese, to be by him forwarded to
the persons in Chicago authorized to receive
and distribute such contributions. And we
pray, dear brethren, that the grace and guar?
dian care ot God may rest on you and yours.
We remain, faithfully and lovingly, your bish?
ops and pastors."
Signed by B. B. Smith, presiding bishop,
and bishop ot Kentucky; Cha?. P. Mcllvaine,
bishop of Ohio; Samuel A. McCosky, bishop of
Michigan; Wm. R. Whittingham, bishop of
Maryland, and lorfy-four other bishops.
Important Proposition*.
Resolution! were referred as follows to the
appropriate committees:
By Rev. W. H. Platt, of Kentucky, as to the
expediency of giving each rector of the
church a seat in the board of mission?.
By Rev. Mr. Magill, of Indiana, as to ex?
tending the time of preparation of candidates
for priest's orders.
By Rev. Dr. Adams, of Wisconsin, to pro?
hibit the copyrighting ot any church work.
By Rev. Mr. Shipman, ot Kentucky, for a
Joint committee to consider whether a more
specific provision ls desirable In the first ru?
bric before the office for the celebration of the
Lord's Supper.
By Mr. Judd, o' Illinois, as to the expedien?
cy of changing I he name of this body from
"Convention" to "Council."
By Rev. Dr. Halght, ot New York, to change
the constitution of the General Theological
Seminary in reference to the composition of
the board ot trustees.
By Rev. Dr. Beardsley, of Connecticut, re?
quiring parochial reports irom college and
school chapel-.
By Mr. Whittle, of Georgians to Ute Juris?
diction of bishops.
By Rev. Dr. Dalzell, of Louisiana, looking to
the admission lo the ministry of ministers or?
dained by bishops not in communion with this
church.
By Rev. Dr. Clark, ol' New Jersey, to repeal
the canon relating to the Intrusion of clergy
iuto the parochial cures of others.
By the same, to make uniform the differ?
ences between the English and American
Prayer Books.
Return of Greeting?.
Kev. Dr. Howe, of Pennsylvania, mored
that a committee ol three be appointed by the
house to make a suitable response to the let?
ters of greeting which were presented to this
house ou the second day of the convention
from the dioceses of Chester and Litchfield.
Adopted.
The Loni Bishop or Litchfield.
Rev. Dr, Goodwin, of the committee to wait
upon the Lord Bishop of Litchfield, reported
that they had ascertained that the House of
Bishops had already taken leave of his lord?
ship. The committee Informally waited upon
his lordship, who was to leave this morning,
and conveyed to bim the expressions of this
house. His lordship expressed his pleasure
and gratification, and desired the committee
to express to the house his earnest hope for
the welfare of the church.
The Board of Missions.
The order of the day was then proceeded
with, which was the selection of a committee
to act with a similar committee ol the House of
Bishops, to nominate members ot the board of
missions. The ballot was dispensed with, and
on motion of Dr. Mead, of Connecticut, the
followin" were named as the committee: Rev.
Dr. Beardsley, ot Connecticut; Burgess, ol
Massachusetts; Paddock, ot Lons Island; Mr.
Welsh, of Penusylvauia; Mr. McWhorter. of
Central New York, and Mr. Cornwall, of Ken
tuckv.
The Hymnal.
Rev. Mr. Howe, ol Pennsylvania, presented
a long report of ibe committee on the Hymnal,
suggesting many changes in the Hymnal of1
tbe church. They propose to retalu seventy
six only of the two hundred and forty-one met?
rical psalms and one hundred and thirty-five
of the two hundred and twelve hymns; of the
"additional hymns" forty-four of the sixty
have been retained; to these two hundred and
forty-one have been added, making in all four
hundred and ninety-six hymns. They also
recommend that these and none others shall
be allowed for use in the church.
Rev. Mr. Howe said the committee asked de?
liberate and not impromptu crltleiam on this
report, and requested all those who had any
suggestions to make to communicate them to
the committee in writing. He said the com?
mittee proposed that the Hymnal, If adopted,
should not be bound up in the prayerbook be?
fore the next general convention, and they
also proposed that to defray the expenses at?
tending the printing, 4c, that a royalty of ten
per cent, be exacted on the profits ot Its publi?
cation.
The consideration ot the subject was then
made the special order lor Saturday, at 12
o'clock.
Th? Mew Diocese ot Pennsylvania.
The message of the House ot Bishops, oro
vidlng that the division ot the diocese of Penn?
sylvania shall take effect on November 8,1371,
was takenup.
The technical question was raised that the
house having concurred heretofore on a pre?
vious message of the bishops on this subject,
no further action was necessary or proper. A
discussion ot some length ensued on this point.
Mr. Burgwyn, of Pennsylvania, moved to re?
fer to the committee on canous to examine
and report upon the subject-matter, which mo?
tion was carried.
The Ritual.
The unfinished business, being the motion
of Rev. Dr. Beardsley, of Connecticut, to se?
lect by ballot a committee of five presbyters
and five laymen as the committee on the'part
of the house to consider the uniformity of the
ritual, was then proceeded with.
Various suggestions were made and amend?
ments offered.
Rev. Dr. Matthews, of Massachusetts, urged
that the appointment of the committee be en?
trusted to the chair, when a representative of
each party would be appointed, but ll the com?
mittee were elected by the house, neither a
ritualist nor a low churchman would get upon
lt
Rev. Mr. Nelson, of Maryland, moved an
amendment, that the committee be appointed
by the chair, which was carried by a large ma?
jority.
Letters of Commendation.
Rev. Dr. Leeds said that when the English
clergy were about to leave this morning, the
Vicar of Trentham, the Rev. Mr. Edwards, had
made a suggestion to him which he proposed
to carry out by the following resolution:
Resolved, (the House of Bishops concurring,)
That an address to the Lord Bishop of Lltch- j
field be prepared by a committee of three
members on the part ol each house, to be pre?
sented by his lordship to his associates, the
other bishops of the church In our mother
country, and to the clergy of his diocese, com?
municating the desire of this convention (as
representative of an American church) that
clergymen having charge of parishes and mis?
sions will furnish to families and Individuals In
their respective cures who are about to emi?
grate to the United States, such letters of
commendation and such other inlormation
touching their character and wants as will se?
cure to them upon their arrival fraternal wel?
come and pastoral sympathy and care in the
one common field In which they have been
nurtured.
Theological Education.
The subject ot theological education was
made the order for Tuesday next. Adjourned
to 1 o'clock to-morrow.
FROST LV ALABAMA.
MONTGOMERY, October 13.
There was a heavy frost yesterday morning,
the first of the Benson.
TBE NOR IBERS ANT) WESTERN ELEC?
TIONS.
COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 13.
The Senate is a tie, and the House stands
59 Republicans, 45 Democrats. Independent 1.
Noye's majority 22,000.
CINCINNATI, October 13.
A later count gives the Democrats In Ham?
ilton County another senator and representa?
tive, reducing the estimated majority on Joint
ballot to 6.
THE OLD WORLD'S NEWS.
LONDON, October 13.
The strike in Newcastle continues. Seve?
ral persons were hurt In a riot, which the po?
lice easily suppressed.
Eugenie shortly returns to Chlselhurst. The
health of Queen Victoria ls lm Droving.
MADRID. October 13.
The rupture between the adherents ot Sa?
gos ta and Corella is complete. The Republi?
cans are said to be ripe for an offensive move?
ment agalost the government.
SPARKS FROM TUE WIRES.
-There have been fifteen hours continued
rain in Maine. The total rain-fall was nearly
four and a half inches.
-David Kently, sentenced to be hung, at?
tempted to commit suicide at Washington,
yesterday morning, by puncturing his heart
with a needle.
-There was a full Cabinet meeting (excenr
Akerman) in Washington yesterday. Th.
President afterwards left for Boston, whence
he returns uext week.
-A Philadelphia barkeeper was attacked
by two ruffians, who broke hts arm, but the
barkeeper killed one ruffian and fatally
wounded the other, with lils trusty revolver.
TUE WEATHER THIS DAT.
WASHINGTON, October 13.
It ls probable that on Saturday the barometer
will fall very generally tbroughout the Atlan?
tic States, with easterly winds and Increasing
cloudiness; possibly rain, on the South Atlan?
tic and Gulf coasts. Cloudy weather, with
light rain, will probably extend to Michigan
to-night, and Iresh southerly winds prevail
over the lower Lakes to-morrow.
Yesterday's Weather Reports of the
Sigual Service, u. S. A.-4.47 P. AI.,
Local Time. k
Cl 51 3 JP
Il 1SI i P
Place of Qr c ?2 S -a
Observation. I SI a Z 5?
i ir fi B I -5
T I S,_._
Augusta.. 10.361 76 F. ?Gentle. (Clear.
Baltimore. 30.54? 61 S Ocntie. Hazy.
Boston. 30.49 64 Calm.Hazy.
Buffalo, N. Y.... ?0.34 61S Fresh. Fair.
Charleston.?30.39 us NE Gentle. Hazy.
Cheyenne, W.T..'29.43| 33 S Gentle. L.Snow
chicago.10.17 68 3 |Presh. lUoudy.
cincinnati.?.87 673 ?Fresh. Fair.
Cleveland.'30.2J 63iSE (Fresh. !smoky.
Detroit. 30.14 62 SB Brisk. -Smoky.
indianapolis.... 30.121 67:SE iFresh. Clear.
Key West, Fla..;30.40? 83IFresh. Cloudy.
Knoxville, Tenn.'30.32 65'Calm.i.?Clear.
Lake city. Fla..,30.23 77 SE i Brisk. ?Fair.
Memphis, Tenn. 'so. 13 73 S Fresh. Fair.
Monlle.?30.19 76?3 Light. ?Fair.
.Nashville.130.24 73,SE Fresh. Iciear.
New London, Ct.|30.5l 5SiCjlm.|.Smoky.
Sew orleans.... 30.15 76 E Fresh. |Fair.
sew York. 30.69 58 SE Gentle, i Hazy.
Omaha, Neb.130.oo 43 S Brisk. Cloudy.
Oswego, N. Y.... 130.33 61 S f resh. Hazy.
Philadelphia.|30.47i 62 -E Fresh. Jlear.
Pittsburg, Pa....?30.36: 64 3 Gentle. Clear.
Portland, Me....?30.47 57 SW Fresh. Smoky.
Rochester, N. Y.?30.28? 60iS ^resh. Clear.
Savannah.?30.38 69 NE Fresh. Thr'ng.
St. Louts. 30.07 62.SE Bilsk. ?Cloudy.
Toledo, 0 30.16 65SE Fresh. Clear.
Washington^ C. 30.49 59 SE Gentle. ?Hazy.
wilmington,N C. 30.46 6S|E Gentle. iFalr.
Norfolk.?30.51 591E Gentle. ?Fair.
Lynchburg.?30.41 59 SE Light, ?Smoky.
Leavenworth....;30.06 53'N* Oentl?. ?Ml-ty.
cape May.?30.54 j-j!B ?Gentle. ?Fair.
Mt. Washington.?3U.46 23'SW |Oentle. ?Olear.
NOTE.-The weather resort dated 7.47o'ciock,
this morning, will be posted In the roome ol the
Chamber of Commerce at 10 o'clock A. M.. and,
together with the weather chart, may (by the
courtesy of the chamber) be examined by ship?
masters at any time during the dav.
-The gentlemen most noted for wealth In
New York are becoming somewhat conspicu?
ous for age. William B. Astor is 78, A. T.
Stewart 70, Vanderbilt 78, Daniel Drew 71,
Peter Cooper 81, George Law 73, William Cul?
len Bryant 77, and James Gordon Bennett 75.
All except the last are still actively tolling In
business harness.
THE CHARLESTOS ELECTIOS.
The Nice Little Game of Hendricks,
Colllni Co.
[SFECUL TELEGRAM TO THE NEWS.]
COLUMBIA, S. C., October 13.
Alderman Collins and Chief-of-Pollce Hen?
dricks were here to-day for the purpose of ob?
taining a writ of quo warranto in the matter
of the Charleston election. Worthington and
Uoge. who are employed as counsel in the
case, made inquiry of Judge Helton as lo
whether he would hear an application (or the
same. The Judge declined, saying that lt must
oe made before the Judge of the First Circuit.
Collins and Hendricks left this evening.
Sp ec 101 SToticee.
SHAVING SALOON.-MR. J. H.
WEICHIfAN wu: superintend the husmeas lately
conducted by Mr. LOMBARDO, and will be
pleased to see bis friends and tbe patrons of thc
establishment, at the Old stand, In Market street,
where no pains will be spared to please.
OOM
THE CHARLESTON CHARITA
BLE ASSOCIATION, FOR THE BENEFIT OF TUE
FREE SCHOOL FUND.-OFFlL'AL RAFFLED
NUMBERS..
CLASS No. Ko -MORNING.
30-39-60-41 -78-21-18-28-69 -15-1-77
AS witness our hand at Columbia this 13th day of j
October, 1871. FENN PECK,
JAMES OILLILAND,
octa_sworn Commissioners.
JS- ANYBODY IN WANT OF A FINE
Head of Hair should use at once JAYNE'S HAIR
TONIO. It will excite the scalp to new and healthy
action, cleanse lt irom 'jcurf and dandruff, pre?
vent the hair from falling off, cure those eruptive
diseases which often appear cn the head, and in
most cases produce a tine growth of new hair.
As a dressing, no better preparation can be ob?
tained for Imparting a rich aud glossy appear?
ance to the hair. Sold everywhere, and by GOOD?
RICH, WINEMAN A CO., Wholesale Agents,
Charleston, S. 0. octl4-stnth3
?m* DISINFECTANTS.-THOSE TN
want of DISINFECTANTS will And a full assort?
ment at the Drug Store of Da. H. BA ER, in Meet?
ing street. sepl
2?-BATCHEL0K*S HAIR DYE.-THIS
SUPERB HAIR DYE ls the best in the world-per?
fectly harmless, reliable and instantaneous. No
disappointment. No ridiculous tints or unpleas?
ant odor. The genuine W. A. BATCHELORS HAIR
DYE produces IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black
or Natural Brown. Does not stain the skin, but
leaves the hair clean, soft and beautiful. The
only Safe ami Perfect Dye. Sold by ail Drug?
gists. Factory No. is BoLd street, New York.
jau23-mwfiyr
ESTATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA
KERSHAW COUNTY.-Court of Ccmmon Pleas.
JOSEPH D. DUNLAP, as Receiver of the Assets
Of the Estate Of WILLIAM A. ANCRUM, deceas
ed, plaintiff, against WILLIAM DA ASH, Defend?
ant.-Copy Summons for Money Demand,
[Complaint not served.]
To WILLIAM D AAS li, Defendant In this ac?
tion: Yon are hereby summoned and required to
answer the complaint in this action, which JO?
SEPH D. DUNLAP, Receiver of the Assets of the
Estate of WILLIAM A. ANCRUM, deceased,
tiled In the otiles of the Clerk ot the Court of
Common Pleas for the said County, and to serve
a copy of your answer on the subscribers, at
their office, In Camden, within twenty days after
the service of this summons on yon, exclusive of
the day of service.
If you fall to answer this complaint within the
time aforesaid, the Plaintiff will take Judgment
against you for the sum of Ave thousand nine
hundred and three dollars and Atty cents, with
interest at the rate or seven per cent, per annum
from the Arst day of August, one thousand eight
hundred and seventy-one.
Dated August 21,1871.
LEITNER A DUNLAP,
seoa-so_Plaintiffs Attorneys.
Dit tn Publications.
OCHOOL BOOKS 1 SCHOOL BOOKS
BUY YOUR SCHOOL BOOKS AT
FOG ARTIE'S BOOK DEPOSITORY.
NEW CATALOGUE-No. 17.
LOSING'S HISTORY OF ENGLAND, Political
Ml Itary and Social, from the Earliest Times to the
Present, with Appendix. Index and Maps, $2 50.
Gold Dust, for tue Beautifying of Lives and
Homes. By Brick" Pomeroy, $1 50.
Brick Du?t. a Remedy for Blues, 4c. By "Brick"
Pomeroy, $1 50.
Tne'ieetn, aud How to Save Them. By L. P.
Meredith, $1 25.
Life of John Bunyan, with No Ices of some of
his cotemporarlea and Specimens of bis Style.
By D. A. Harsba, Si 50.
Library of Biblical Literature, bt lng a Reposi?
tory of Information on Geographical, Historical,
Biographical, Scientific. Archaeological and Lite?
rary Subjects In relation to tne Holy Scriptures.
London 3. s. Union 0 vols, tn 3, $4 so.
The Wonders of Engraving. By George Duples
sls. Illustrated with ten Reproductions In Auto?
type, and thirty four Wood Engravings, by Sei?
ner, $6.
Outenburg. and the Art of Printing. By Emily
C. Pearson, with numerous Illustrations, $2.
"The Speaker's commentary." The Holy Bit-ie
according to tbe authorized version (A. D.
IOU,) with an Explanation and Critical Com?
mentary and a Revision of the Translation by
Blsnops and other Clergy of the Anglicaa Church,
edited by F. C. Cook, M. A., Canon of Exeter.
Vol. 1, part I. Genesis-Exodus. From the
fulness, fairness, thoroughness and candor with
which all d fflcult questions are discussed, this
Blb'.e Commentar) is sure to be satisfactory te
the scholar; while the plain, direct and devout
manner In which the meaning of the Sacred Text
ls explained, thoroughly adaptait for the v. Idest
popular use. whether In the closet, in the fa. .illy,
or In the Sunday-school," $5.
Systematic Theology, by Charles Hodge, D. D.,
Professor In the Theological Seminary, Prince'on,
N. J.. Vol. 1. $1 60.
Castlillan Days, by John Hays author of "F;ke
County Ballads." .Sec., $2.
Hood's works, complete In 4 Vols, compris.ig
Prose and Verse, Whimsicalities, Whims, Ac,
Hood's Own and Poems. Up the Rhine, fe.
Burton's. Anatomy of Melancholy, Library E li?
tton. 3 Voil. Mor. Cloth, $5 23.
Isaac Disraeli, doe Library Edition, edited with
notes by his son, viz: Curiosities of Literal ire,
4 Vols, $7; Amenities of Literature. 2 Vols., f 50;
Calamities aud Quarrels of Authors, t Vois., f i 50;
The Literary Character. $2 25.
Milman'!? History of the Jews, from the Earli?
est Period down to Modern Times, 3 Vols. $5 25.
Mllman'a History of Latin Christianity, 8 Vols.,
$11.
Tnornwel!: The Collected Writings of James
Henty Thornwell, D. D., LL. D., edited by John
B. Adger. D. D., Profe-sorof Ecclesiastic! His?
tory In the Theological Seminary at Columbia, S.
C. Vols. 1 and 2. Per Vol. $4.
Howe's History of the Presbyterian Ctrarch In
South Cirollna, Vol. 1, $4
mr Persons residing m the country will please
oear In mind that by sending their orders to ut
tor any books published In America, they will be
charged only the price of the book. We pay f
rae postage or express.
mr Address
FOGARTIPS BOOK DEPOSITORY,
?io. 280 King street, (In the Band,} Charleston, s. t
octlO-tnr.hs_
gUPERIOR COLOGNE WATER
Manufactured and for sale by
Dr. H. ri At. rt*
Qgjj ?ai w<v>t.inff ntrw
VAN DEUS EN'S WORM CONFECTIONS,
(SANTON1NE.)
Thev? purely vegetable, safe and sore. Th'
best la use. For sale by Dr 3.BAER,
No. 131 Meeting street,
'Viii, u rmi
JUST ti E C E I V E D,
CARBONATE OF AMMONIA
Bicarbonate of Soda
Cream or Tartar
Fresh Hops.
For sale, wholesale and retail, by
Dr. H. BABB,
octo So. 131 Meeting street.
.funeral JSO?UB.
pm* THE FRIENDS AND ACQUAINT?
ANCES of Mr. and Mrs. COBBS are respectfoUy
Invited to attend tho Funeral Services of tbe lat?
ter, at her residence, No. 101 Calhoun street, Tm*
AFTERNOON, at a o'clock. o?tl4-*
THE RELATIVES, FRIENDS AND
Acquaintances of Mr. and Mrs. D. H. Sllcox and
family, and the members of the Baptist Churches,
are respectfully invited to attend tte* Fanerai
Service? of Mw. D. H. 8ILC0X, at the Flr?t Bap?
tist Church, THIS MORNING, at io o'clock.
octl4-?
THE RELATIVES, FRIENDS AND
Acquaintances of Mr. D. nr.n jvRITTTErfj_nr_Mr?
J. vr. Oldenb?ttel, and of. Mr. and Mrs. C. H.
Meyer, are respectfully Invited to attend the Fa
neraf of the former, at io o'clock THIS MORNING,
ai No. 112 Calrn.ua street, without further invita?
tion. 0CU4-*
pm* DEUTSCHER ARTILLERIE ?N
TEBSTDETZDNGS VEREIN.-Tile members are
requested to attend the Fanerai of our late mem?
ber, D. OLDENB?TTEL, from Mr. C. H. Meyer's
residence, No. 112 Calhoun street, THIS (Saturday)
MORNING, at 10 o'clock.
By order. F. E. WINDHEOL
octl4_Secretary.
Special Notices.
pm* TRINITY CHURCH.-T HERE
will be no preaching In this Church TO MORROW.
Sunday-School in the AFTERNOON, at half-past S
o'clock. _ octl4-?
pm* DIVINE SERVICE WILL RE CON?
DUCTED In the Orphans' Chapel on SABBATH AF?
TERNOON, at 4 o'clock, by the Rev. J. T. WIGHT
MAN, D D._ootl4
^S?-FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
Divine Service will be held In this Church by the
Rev. W. B. YATES TO-MORBOW MORNING,-at bair,
past 10 o'clock. The congregation of the Maxi*
ners' Church are invited to attend. sep8S-s
pm* ST. JOHN'S LUTHERAN CHURCH.
In consequence of the attendance on Synod of
t e Assistant Pastor of this Church, the same wlU
be c osed To MORROW MOONING. Sabbath-School
In the AFTERNOON, at 4 o'clock, octlt
pm* WENTWORTH STREET LUTHE?
RAN "CHURCH.-The Rev. D. X. LAFAR, Prin?
cipal or the Rutledge Avenue Female Seminary,
will perform Divine Service In this Church, TO?
MORROW MORNING and AFRRNOON. Afternoon
Service will commence at 4 o'clock. octl4
pm* ALL PERSONS HOLDING POLI
CIES In the MERCHANTS' AND MECHANICS'
f IRE INSURANCE COMPANY of Baltimore, are
particularly requested to call at our offloe, THIS
DAT, before 12 M. HUGER A RAVENEL,
cctll-1 Ko. 8 Broad street.
pm* O N MAR R I A G E. ??g&
Happy relief for Young Men from the effects
of Errors and Abuses tn early life. Manhood re?
stored. Nervous debility curel. Impedimenta
to Marriage removed. New method of treat?
ment. New and remarkable remedies. Books
and Circulars sent free, In sealed envelopes. Ad
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION, NO. 2 Booth
Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa ootll
HABIT, IF NOT NECESSITY,
make a Hair Dressing Indispensable to many,
T new VIGOR, which Dr. ATS a's laboratory
IBs jes, ls ooe of the most delightful we have ever
used. It restores not only the color, but gloss
and luxuriance to faded and gray hair.
octl8-fmw-PAW_
pm* UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT.-By an Order of the Hon. GEO.
BRYAN, United States District Judge, the heart
or all petitions and motions In Bankruptcy, or
the general business of the District Court ls post,
poned until the first Monday or November next.
aepSO_PAWL. HORLBECK, Clerk.
pm* IMPORTANT NOTICE-NOW
opening at No. 131 MEETING STREET, a large
and well assorted Stock ol BOOTS, SHOES,
TRUNKS, Ac, which will be sold very low, and
every article guaranteed as represented. AU who
are In want ot good Cheap Goods will do well to
call. T. 8. NIPSON,
octl2-ihstu6_?'o. 131 Meeting street.
pm* ADMINISTRATOR.S NOTICE:-"
AU persons Indebted tc ?.he E it a te of MOSES
DRUCKER, deceased, Ute of Union ville, and for
merly a citizen or Charleston, must make pay?
ment at once to the undersigned and all persons
having ciiims against said Estate will preset t
them without delay to
PHILIP M. COHEN,
oct7-s4 Administrator, Union S. c.
pm* NOTICE-ALL PERSONS HAV
ING claims against the Estate of the late JOHN
MARSHALL, JR., Naval Stores Factor and Com?
mission Merchant, or Charleston, S. C., will pre?
sent the same properly attested, and those Indebt?
ed to the said Estate will make payment to Mr.
JOHN MARSHALL, Sa, Marshall's Wharf, orto
S. R. MARSHALL, Administrator,
octio-tnsd_No. 314 King street.
pm* CHARLESTON BIBLE SOCIETY.
The Treasurer of the Charleston Bible Society will
receive Subscriptions or Donations at bis office,
No. S3 East Bay, corner of Atlantic Wharf. The
payment or Two Dollars will constitue a person a
member lor one year. Bluies are kept on band
for distribution. The Society has one Colporteur
tn the field, and solicits aid to introduce another.
Persons Interested In ths work or seeking further
Information will please call on the Treasurer.
J. N. ROBSON,
aprta-fimos_Treasurer C. B. 8.
pm-TEE SOUTH CAROLINA LOAN
AND TRUST COMPANY, SAVINGS DEPART?
MENT.-Depositors are requested to k s their
books on and after MONDAY, October 2d, to be
credited with the quarterly interest due 1st prox
imo.
All deposits made on or before the 20tk October
will bear Interest from 1st October.
Interest, Six Per Cent, per anmm, will be com.
pounded quarterly. F. A MITCHELL,
sep30-stuth9fl Assistant Cashier.
??-NOTICE TO PLANTERS. -IN
order to accommodate my punting friends who
may wish to use the COMPOUND ACID PHOS?
PHATE for composting wltn Cotton Seed, pre?
pared at Rlkersvllie by the Pacific Guano Com?
pany, under the personal supervision or Dr. ST.
JULIEN RAVENEL, and which has given such
general sa'lsfaction, I am willing to Celiver NOW,
charging no interest until the 1st o'. March next
a: that time to be paid in cash, or on time, at the
price and terms I am then selling at.
J. N. ROBSON,
No. 6* East Bay and Noa. l and 2 Atlantic Wharf
octS-thatui moDAC
pm* CHARLESTON COLLEGE, JULY
6,1371.-At a meeting or the Board or Trustees,
the folio wi a g resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That a committee or three be appoint?
ed by the Chair, who shall be authorized to con?
sult with tue Faculty of the College and tata
proper steps to present the name* of such gen?
tlemen wno shall be deemed qualified to flit ts?
Professorship o? Classical Literature, recently
vacated by Rev. Mr. Miles, and reno? at tne
anniversary meeting of the 'ru9t,^l%^K
npxr. viz: on the MonJay preceding the ttur?
Wednesday. E
M? W A. PRINGLE. J Committee,
MR WM. RAVENEL.
R p-raoM de?lrous of filling the above
named PrSorshll wiu please couler wt^the
committee.