in
I
ii
,f
gelloutt -falls Eimr.,
BELLOWS FALLS, DEC. 8, 1871.
LOCAL MATTERS.
A mow squall bat whitened the
ground tli is Thursday morii'iug.
The receipts t the Ladies' Fair on
Wed u est ay evening were $227.
Dr. Fletcher, of white death we
had a notice last week, waa seventy-five
year of age.
Mrs. M. C. Rundlett, will speak in
Spiritualist Hall, Bartouaville, next Sun
day, Deo. 10th.
Geo. W. Nutting has a full supply
of attractions for the ice which has come
early this season. See bis advertise-
ineut.
The editor of the St. Johnsbury
fitncs is evidently feeling betttr. His
last paper has a full crop of enthusiastic
f Katie Sullivan, a little Irish girl,
Sl.inds at the head in deportment rank
n tlie intermediate school, and the only
line there who reached the round 100.
J Advertised Letters. Mrs. Esther Arm
ington, Charles Laudry, Geo. W. Frost,
Miss Nellie Kilburn, C. S. Norris, Tyler
Liucoln, N. Bemia.
r Among the Representatives to the
Massachusetts Legislature for 1872 from
Berkshire Co., District No. 2, is Dr. S.
P. Dresser of Savoy, formerly of Graf
ton. The annual ball of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers, of this place,
will be given this year at Keene, N. II.,
on Friday eveniog of next week, Dec.
15th.
Mr. V. II. Upham makes a new
nnotiucement this week. He baa tbe
largest sewing machine agency in this
section of either Vermont or New Hamp
shire. The Hon. Frederick Billings of
Woodstock presented each of tbe clergy
men and editors of that place, with a
Thanksgiving turkey last week. Sensi
ble man.
J. W. Nutting of Woodstock re
cently slaughtered a pig eight months
and 23 days old, which weighed 403
pounds, making a growth of one pound
and ten ounces per day. "Who beats."
There is no snow at this place, but
(je distant hills are white, and roost of
Findaor county and northward tol
erable sleighing is reported. With tbe
exception of a rain storm on Monday,
this week has been clear and cold to an
unusual degree for this season.
Master Charles Taft, very natural
ly and properly prefers to be placed
where he belongs in rank as to scholar
ship, during the fall term, which is 89,
instead of 49, as an error in figuring tbe
average on his card, made it last week.
D. Gilbert Dexter, Esq., formerly
of Wilmington, stood second on tbe list
cf republican candidates for mayor of
Cambridge, Mass., 'ast week. He has
bran the paH year or two a member of
the board of Aldermen of that city and
next time the people of Cambridge want
ft new man and a good mayor, we shall
(ipect to see our old friend head the list.
The oldest inhabitant" here does
t remember so cold a Thanksgiving
Lay as we had last week, and but few
instances of such severe weather so early
in tbe season for the last thirty years.
The eddy below the old cana' locks was
froten across the river, tbe last week in
November, which we believe is unprece
dented for at least fifteen or twenty
years.
A union ticket singing school will
mmence a terra of fifteen schools, at
ne Hall, on Wednesday evening of
st week, Mr. H. H. Kimball, teacher.
Kimball is well and favorably known
teacher of vocal music, and we hope
people will make this opportunity a
t a-;. Tickets $2, for the term,
i a reduction in families where three
or more desire to attend.
A change of running time was made
on the railroads last Monday. See time
tables. It is the usual winter arrange
ment, and about the same as formerly.
The afternoon trains south start a little
earlier. The morning New York train,
OB the Valley road, leaves at 7:45, the
morning train, at 8:20. Tbe
1 VYork night "owl" train up arrives
al s place, at 11:15.
f Among the new stereoscopic pic-
I which Mr. Taft has added to his col
on in this vicinity the past year, is
S of Minard's pond, representing "my
Erst fish," being a good view of the pond,
and a little boy at the shore holding up
with childish enthusiasm the first fish he
ever caught. This view was afterwards
o much admired by a painter that he
took one for a painting. Mr. Taft has
alo taken a very excellent view of the
fac yt prints upon the rocks below the
FaKj, supposed to have been cut by the
Iu.Utiis.
v Messrs. Butterfield &)rdway, suc
:ers to Cobb Underwood, announce
I business in another column this
In addition to the nsual run ol
1 1 work in such a shop, they will also
t etiinate8 and contracts for build-
f all kinds. Mr. Ordway is from
wd, N. H., and has had a large and
ble experience as a mechanic, and
ad charge of the extensive canal
I of the Messrs. Russell in this place
-t season, and those giving this
-heir orders will no doubt be faith-nerved.
Postponed.
By a dispatch received here on Tues
day, we are informed that Dr. Jewett wil
not lecture here on Friday evening, 8th
at announced last week. No other pari
ticulars, nor are we informed whether
this indefinite postponement includes the
other appointment in this county.
A Lecture.
We are glad to announce this week
that we are to have at least oue Iectuie
here this winter. A gentleman of this
place has taken the responsibility of in
viting Rev. J. D. Fulton, D. D., of Bos
ton, who has accepted the invitation,
and willj deliver his lecture here on Mon
day eveuing, December 18, of which we
shall give more particulars next week
Mr Fulton has already become distill
guished in the lecture field, and our peo
ple will no doubt be glad to hear him.
South Reading. Mr. Ezra Robin
son bad an auction sale on Tuesday,
preparatory to removing with his family
to Chester. Mrs. J. S. Whitten sells ofl'
her goods at auction on Friday of this
week, to close up her affairs in that place.
Thermometer at 10 below zero and ice
foot thick is reported at South Reading
tor lbanksgiviog day.
Edmund Carter teaches the village
school at South Reading this winter, and
Miss Celestia M. Tolles the school at
Hammondsville.
Messrs. Davis Wetherbee have got
'he frame up to their steam lumber mill
and are radidly pushing it to completion.
Temperance in Chester. A sub
scriber in Chester writes us, in a business
letter that the temperance cause is being
revived in that town, meetings are being
held, and efforts are to be put forth to
prevent the unlimited sale of intoxicat-
ng liquors. A temperance society has
been formed, and they propose to make
the atmosphere so clear and healthy that
the middle class of community will not
fear to have it known that they are on
the side of temperance and sobriety.
Mr. Lori's Second Auction Sale.
Mr.Lord's second auction sale on Tues
day of last week, was a fine success, sec
ond only to the first. Among tbe sales
were 200 bushels corn at $1.02, 72 lbs. to
the bushel in the ear 400 bushels oats
at 56 cents, 32 lbs. 100 bushels buck
wheat 62 cents hay $22 per ton, of 512
cubic feet. A lot of poorer stock hay
sold for $11, and some six tons of tobac
co on the pole was bid off" by H. W.
Griswold of Walpole, at 20 cents per
pound. The &tratlon lot was not sold.
The sales of the day amounted to over
$6000, and tbe total sales of the two
days amount to about $28,000.
x erkinsvit.l.e. ttev. u. jvl. urane
for more than forty years a friend and
associate of tbe late Rev. N. Cudv ortb,
preached a memorial discourse Sundav
the 19th ult., in the pulpit for many
years occupied by Mr. Cudworth. The
discourse was justly commendatory of
tbe character and labors of Mr. C.
On returning home from church the
same day at Ludlow, Luther C. Boyn
ton met with an accident. The king
bolt of the wagon broke and the five per
sons in the wagon were thrown forward
and struck their head upon tbe ground
Four of them were injured but it is hoped
not permanently.
Rev. Dr. Freeman is supplying the
pulpit of the Baptist church, and Rev.
Mr. Kingsbury tbe Methodist.
Brattleboro. The annual village
election of Brattleboro occurred on Mon
day evening, in which some interest had
been excited, by tbe fact that tbe Anti
masonic party bad made nominations
and put them before the public on the
ground of hostility to all secret societies.
The result wag 9 votes for this Anti
Masonic ticket, to 207 for the other,
which is not very promising for the first
round. The officers elected were as fol
lows
Bailiffs Dr. O. R. Post, B. N. Chara
berlin, Bethuel Ranger, L. K. Fuller,
W. II. Alexander.
Clerk and Treasurer C. F. Thomp
son. "Chief Engineer Col. S. M. Waite.
Auditor Geo. S. Dowley.
Collector S. N. Herrick.
The new military company recently
formed in Brattleboro, is Co. G. third
Regiment."
Over three thousand burials have been
made in the cemetery on Prospect Hill,
south of the village. It is one of tbe
most pleasantly located cemeteries in the
State, and commands a fine view of the
village.
It is reported that Mrs. Alfred Wright
has an English ivy 300 feet long This
story is so large we dare not vouch for it,
but an exceedingly pretty one may be
seen in the Savings Bank.
J. Eney Co., are going to build two
additional factories next spring, to their
organ works, which will make eight
shops and employ eighty more men, and
they are reported to have 1,200 orders
or organs ahead of their stock on band.
An extensive auction sale of furniture
and carpeting occurs in Brattleboro, on
Wednesday of next week, the particu
lars of which Mr. Retting gives in our
advertising columns.
The average temperature of No
vember this year waa eight degrees cold
er than last year, which is an unusual
difference, and the Burlington Free Press
says is six degrees colder than the aver
age of the month fr fifteen yean.
Vermont News.
Bennington has fourteen physicians.
There are fifteen saw mill in Wood
ford. The girl who was supposed to have
been abducted from Baruet, abducted
herself, with her lover, to Monroe, N. II.,
where they were married.
Charles Barnet, from Canada, while
chopping wood in Walden, on Saturday,
oi last week, was frightfully cut with
an ax, one foot being nearly severed
from the leg.
The Christian church an Lincoln
has taken action in the case of Elder
Milo Durfee, the charges having beeu
preferred by tbe Termoul western Christ'
ian conference. He has been expelled
from the church and conference, they
thinking his love for tbe opposite sex too
pronounced.
The two pine tre'.s of which an ac
count was given in Thompson's Tiazateer
of Vermont, in 1825, are still standing
on the farm of John A. Sargent, of Pom
panoosuc. They are nearly twice as
large at the base now as then, while one,
above tbe connecting limb is not larger
than it was fifty years ago.
Mr Ziba Bass, residing about three
milea north of West Randolph, died very
suddenly on Monday evt-ning the 27th
ult., about 10 o'clock. He retired early,
complaining of a slight pain in his stom
ach, but to all appearance in bis nsual
health and spirits. His wife had not re
tired, and hearing nothing of him, sup
posed him asleep. About ten o'clock,
bearing a slight gutteral sound from his
room, she went in and found that he
was dead, she having heard the last, and
probably the only sound he made passing
from life into death.
Fire in Langdon. On Wednesday
evening of last week, a fire was discover
ed in Mr. II. M. El well's house in Lang'
don, N. II., near Drewsville, and was
under such headway tbat all efforts to
save it were useless and the bouse and
barn were destroyed. A portion of the
furniture was saved and some of the con
tents of the barn. Loss estimated at
$3000, and insured for $1650, in Home
Co., New York. The origin of the fire
is supposed to have b ?n where the stove
pipe passed through tbe floor, and was
supposed to be safe. Mrs. Elwell had
been absent during tbe afternoon, but
Mr. Elwell bad been at work near by
and occasionally in tbe house, and had
left tbe premises at 61 o'clock for his
wife and it was on their return tbat the
fire was discovered. The people at
Drewsville on becoming aware of tbe fire
responded in good numbers, and it was
through their aid tbat so much was sav
ed.
Golden Wedding. Mr. and Mrs. J.
G. Flint of Antrim, N. II., tbe parents
of Mr. Wyman Flint of this place and
Gardner Flint of Wisconsin, (formerly
of this village,) celebrated their fiftieth
wedding anniversary on tbe 2 2d ult. It
was an interesting and very happy occa
sion. A banc ot music, and some 150
of their neighbors and friends besides
their children were present. The sug
gestive dates, 1821 and 1871, were con
spicuously and beautifully set in a ground
of immortelles, and tbe gifts were elegant
and very valuable, amounting to nearly
one thousand dollars. Among them were
two gold watches, one for each, and two
fifty dollar gold pieces. Their grand
children of this place, presented an ele
gant Bible. Time has dealt gently with
this honored couple, and indeed the
whole family have been blessed with
health and abundance, the latter of which
they deal out to worthy objects w ith a
liberal hand. Long may they be thus
blessed 1
Springfield. The annual meeting
of the Springfield village corporation
was held on Monday evening last. Tbe
following officers were elected for the
year ensuing: W. R. Rowell, Clerk
Samuel Rollins, C. E. Richardson, E. M.
Euton, G. L. Clossonand Henry Harlow,
Trustees Wm. H. Wheeler, Treasurer
A. C. Bingham, Chief Engineer Frank
Barney, 1st Assistant, Wm. A. Lewis, 2d
Assistant L. B. Hurd, Collector.
Died in Jacksonville, Florida, Nov.
15ib, Etta M. Oak, wife of Byron E.
Oak of Jacksonville, and daughter of
Elhanan Goodenow of this place, aged
lJf'years. Mrs. Oak spent a portion of
the summer with her friends here, but re
turned south in August with her hus
band who came on for her. Tbe return
voyage was a very rough one, and may
have injured her health, which gave way
soon after. Mrs. Oak gave promise of
an enviable reputation in the literary
circles having been engaged more or less
for three or four years in writing for the
iterary papers ot New York. A letter
fcpm ber pen wag published in the Ver
moDS Journal, some year and a half since,
in answer to one signed "Pilgrim," ably
defending the climate, soil and produc
tions of her adopted State, which had
been assailed by the above named cor
respondent. Her remains were deposit
ed in a metalic coffin, and will be brought
home to Springfield in the spring, for
burial.
Andover. Eight inches of snow fell
in Andover week before last.
A. A. W. Felt have their steam
mill so far completed that they have com
menced work.
Geo. L. Fletcher, Esq., of Chester, re
cently delivered bis lecture in Simons-
ville to the cordial acceptance of a good
audience.
Fur ciiviuj2. Fi lc hville has a flour
ishing lyceum, in which the people gen
erally appear to take an interest, and at
late meeting. George M. Clai k, who
happened to beat home at the time, gave
them oue of his latest songs entitled
Drifting with the Tide." ami llonestu
Stearns rehearsed hi oration on the
war. Tbe reading of a paper and sink
ing, by the ladies, is also one of the ex
ercises.
Fayettville. There has been a very
gratifying increase of business in West
River Valley during tbe past few years.
Two years ago five freight teams were
employed in carryiug freight through
Newfane. One year ago eight teams
were employed in the same business.
This year over twenty teams, from two
to six horses each, are employed and
at this rate of increase of business, how
many teams will be required to supply
tbe business demands of West River val
ley for two years hence?
Putney. The old Frink Lovell
Farm," on Putney great meadow, was a
few days since by commissioners survey
ed, appraised and divided between two
heirs. It contained about 300 acres.
One hundred and six acres of beautiful
meadow land was divided equally in
quantity, Mr. Keyes taking the south
half and red bouse, and Mr. Ira Davis
of Springfield, the north half with brick
bouse. The whole appraised at $21,480.
00. This is a beautiful meadow, with
pasturing and fine wood lots, and for the
first time is for sale, having previously
been he'.d for a long time by several heirs.
Digest of the Vt. Law Report.
The Burlington Free Press savs that the
committee consisting of tbe Judges of
the Supreme Court and the State Libra
rian, appointed by the Legislature to
contract for the preparation and publi
cation of a Digest of the Decisions of
the Supreme Court of this State, have
closed a contract for that purpose, with
Hon. Daniel Roberts, of Burlineton.
The work is to be in one volume of about
1000 pages. A new Digest has long
been needed by tbe legal profession of
our State, as the existing Digest, by the
Hon. Peter T. Washburn, is in two vol
umes, and includes only down to the
22d volume of Vermont Reports, leaving
tbe twenty later volumes not digested.
Fire in Plymouth. The turning
shop, U3ed mainly for the manufacture
of pitchfork handles, and the saw mill
at "tbe Union," in Plymouth owned by
Jacob Ward, were burned to the ground
on Thursday night. When first seen tbe
hre was tailing lrora the upper part of
the building. Loss, about $2500 in
sured for $1000 in the Vermont Mutual.
Bridgewater. As Matbew E. Ken
nedy discharged his gun at a squirrel the
other day in his yard a piece of the per
cussion cap struck him in the right eye
and it is thought that it will cost him the
sight of it.
Henry Hubbard and Judson Eriggs
were triog the other day to see hich
could come out top in a game of rough
arid tumble. Theresult of which is, Hub
bard is limping about with a sprained
ankle, while Briggs sits with one hand
on his left side studying physiology.
A young man recently married in
New York, chartered a whole train to
convey himself and bis bride on the first
part of their wedding journey. What a
load of bliss there must have been to
need such an extended accommodation
By a recent judicial decision it is
held that a life insurance company that
sets up the plea of suicide as a reason
why the policy stiould not be paid, must
show that tbe insured committed suicide
expressly to defraud the company. Sui
cide dy reason of insanity, despondency,
etc., do not vitiate the insurance.
BOSTON .MARKET- Dec. 5.
FLOUR The riour trade has been dull and
ales could not be made to any extent excent at con
cessions. The sales at $0.75 M t.0U tor W estern su-
pcrnne. jo.ou, (o ei.uu tor common extras, and $7,110
4 S.n0 tor Minnesota including choice baker's
brands. Small lots Rye Flour at $5.00 (a td.50 fi bbl.
v.rn nieai sales at tNi.io wtr DDI.
GRAIN. New Corn has been coming forward
quite trcely. hut the market is firm, fhe sales have
been Kiiu 87c per bush, for Western yellow. Oats
hre steady and firm, with a fair demand. The sales
aave oeen at &i w osc tor aarn ana woite Mo. 1, r
bush. Rye continues to be taken in small lota at
81 s bush.
PROVISIONS. The market is now oretiv well
supplied with new Pork and prices remain abont the
same. We quote prime at $11 ;VI (g.' $1250; and mess
atl3.aj m tlM i obi. Jiew Beet is beginning to
arrive, but thesnles are only in small lot. Sales of
Western mess at $10 for family extra 14(o 16. Lard
is duil and in moderate deinnnd sales nt 10c
for steam and kettle rendered. Smoked llama have
been selling for Yi loc V lb as to quality.
PRODUCE. The demand forehoice grades of Bnt
ter continues good, but other kinds are only in mod
erate demand. Sales have been at;;2 Aye for choice
and ertnont dairies. al w 3i)c R for common.
In Cheese there is more doing and we notice a firm
er marker. Sales have leen at III ra) 14c for common
and good farmers' dairies and l:t (ft H!-6c for Fac
tory. Potatoes are selling at tS 7oo V bush, for
Early Rose and oOb tio for Jackson Whites as to
quality. Onions are plenty and dull with sales at
S'J ii 25 rbbl. Eggs have been selling at 3i
35c 1 doz.
OOI.. There Is a more active demand for do
mestic Wool and large transaclionsjn ft,riffn sf fall
prices. The sales for the past week have been o50.0U0
lbs,averaging from 31.W ,6c Srtb;
CATTLE MARK FT.
aw UIT or (Toci at aurr.
Cattle, Sheen. Ehotes. Fat Hogs, Teal;
This week. 2.312 S N2 10,400
Last week. 2.771 3 3x It a.s)
One year ago. 2.815 4.:) 125 LMitf
WHOLESALE PRICES.
TUESDAY Dec 5. 1871.
rlicgs.
Prices of Market beef. Extra. A 9. TS
Irst Quality. Kt.oO 8.75: id oualur. 7.60 Nsi
third quality. Oo.isl s A..SO.
bneenand Lajnos. 1'er bead, in lots 13 a K Ti
4 each slim shee $1 75 2-O0 r head.
H Hies. i to iw m.
Pelts $l.vv $1.75 each Calf Skins 16 9 18cf) lb.
Taliow, 6 t b!c V tt.
Milch Cows and Calves. $.K1. t0. $.58 and
Prices of colore Cattle. Woraina Uxen. uir. ASA
tioo. r-i u sr.
Yearlings art $17: two years old 112 9 127
three years old. fc2S m 115.
Live Poultry, i:xtra 15c f) lb: prime lc
good 15 li'-.c mediant 14 t lt.c; poor to ne
diom 14c.
REM ARKS. Quotations are abont the seme 5 e
mostly 6 7 --4. but there is an improvement in
quickersales. hee hare stif ened npto full one
cent belter. 4' s. 5' 7c, and 1.37 fc $4 a bead.
Live Poultry, extra lol-o. eo annua 14 a? 15&
TRUNKS AXD TRAVELLING BAGS
A lot ef than just reoeiTed b-osa the Ifuufaetarj
O.fcUttAX.
fttarrittt.
In Cambridge-port, at the resident' of the bride's
lather. Nov. mnii. by llev. J, v. Met oiiiun. Mr.
S i IMMIiiN II. Hl'KD of Newport. N. 11.. and Mis,
M A K l J. r A KK ot lainbridgeporl,
In the Baptist Churoli.Graflon. Nov. 22. by Rev. t..
D. Mil rd, assisted oy Key. r.. J. w iird, IIAHLtW
8. Kid'- r of 8ait-.ni Klvar, and Miss CORONA C.
W AI.KKR r llrailnn.
i.. k'ui..kuiii- v.. to k. u r a a.-n sipa
K. TK .SK and Miss MAKX E. KENDALL, both of
reu-nvuie.
In Punier. Not. SO. by Rev. A. Foster Mr. GEO.
R STOWELL and Win NANCY A. CAMP both ol
Putuey.
Marriage and Deaths Inserted rRKlt. Obituaries
lncludiug poetry, to be paid for aceordin to length
To Town.hend. Not. 27. Rev. IIOHACK FLETCH
ER. I. I'., axed 75.
In Saxtoni River. Nov. 2S. Mra BKTSFT DAVIS.
Hired Kl yeura. months and 11 days. Precious in
the sight of the Lord is the death of His miims."
InJiu'ksonviMe, Fla.. Nut. IS. Mrs. HUNKIET
TA UUODKNOW. wile of Hyron E. Oak. and daugh
ter of Mr. K. W.and Mrs. 11. K. Uoodeuow, of tfpriug
Ik'M, Vt.. agfd hi yours.
lu Dover. Nov. z. JOSEPH IIOWE.ngpdKl yoara.
In Woodstock. Nov- at. nKL UILLLNUS. Esq..
aged S3 years 7 months and 1 1 davs.
In Ludlow. Nov. 28, EDWIN A., son of Dr. P.
Rurton. aged 21 years.
In Wilmington. Nor. 21, of congestion of the
lungs. Wil.LAKD SNOW, aged 7;.
In Wilmington. Nor. 2U. t-L'SAN JEWELL, aged
tiS years, V months.
RICK FOR SALE.
100 000 BRICK For Sale at Saxtons River Vt.
By LAKE ic IMUUETT.
Saxtons River, See. 6. 1871, 40-M
T ANTED IMMEDIATELY.
A man to chop ion rviuns of woon i nr.
BER. Apnly to
JiELLOWS f ALLS til A IK CO.
PRICK HOUSES AND LAND ON
1 CANAL STREET EOR SALE.
TWO Brick Houses and Land. The most TalnnMe
Honse and Store property on Canal street. Prop
erty which will largely increase in value, now for
sale on easy terms.
Apply to J AMES M. FROWN,
4a-5t or C1IAS. B. EDDY. Esq.
JOTICE
TF7TS TS TO nntir? all nerinni Ifc.t m wTT. Ml.
RIA JONES, has left my bed and hoard without
.lust enu.eor provocation, and that I shall pay no
debts of her contracting after this date.
o. H. JONES.
Windham. Not. 29, 1871. 49-51
SKATES!
TIPGT 1 BCOHT1IPVT -r I 1 Tl I' r T rwa
FALLS, Call and see them.
KO. 5, UNION BLOCK.
GEO. W. NUTTING.
49
N
RATIONAL BANK OF BELLOWS FALLS
STOCKHOLDERS of the Kntional Ttnnk nf
lows Falls are hereby notified that their Annual
Meeting for the election of Directors for the endu
ing year, and the transaction of any other business
that may enme before the meeting, will be held at
their Banking House .'in Bellows Falls, on the sec
ond TUESDAY of January next, being the 9th day
at 10 o'clock. A. M.
J. H. WILLIAMS, Cashier.
Bellows Falls. Dec. 7. 1871. -51
w
EST KI VER NATIONAL BANK.
NOTTCE Is herebv given to the leffat vnt tn
West River National Bank of said Hunt tn tK.
second Tt ESDA Y of January. 1K72. at TEX o'clock
-n tne torenoon to cnoose a Hoard of rive Directors
for the year ensuing. Also an agent to make any
and all deeds nec.ssafr to be made and all necesHurv
olhcera.
By Order of Directors.
J. A. BUTLER, Cashier.
Jamaica, Dec. 5. 1871. 49-51
RUCTION SALE.
IX BANKRUPTCY, DISTRICT OF VERMONT 08
THE undersigned Assignee of the estate of ISA AC
L. SAltfiKN'T. will sell l PITRI.Tf! JlirTfliV..
ihe Brattleboro House in the village of Rrattleboro,
on TUESDAY the second day of January, 1H72. at
TEN o'clock. A. M.. the following Real Estate
The Brattleboro House so called will be sold sub
ject to a mortgage in favor of Jacob F.stey. Also a
triangular piece ot L,nu eastot. and adjoining said
Brattleboro Honse premises and contains by estima
tion twenty-five square rods, subject to the incum-
orunco. iTiiu, siiAiJS, Assignee.
Bellows Falls, Deo. 5. 1871. iv -60
VERMONT STATE BOAEDOF EDUCA-
TION.
Secretary' i OJiee, Burlington, November, 1871.
A TE ACHERS' INSTITUTE for Windham coun
ty will be held in the village of Wilmington, com
mencing -MONDAY, DECEMBER 11. al 10 o'clock,
a. h and closing on the Friday following, at 4
o'clock p. M.
INSTRUCT0R3-F0RDYCE A. ALLEN, A. M.
Couductor, Miss FANNIE P. TAFT, Assistant. An
examination of candidates for State Certificates
will commence on Tuesday, at 9 o'clock, A. M. A
lecture may be expected each evening. Superinten
dents are requested to notify every Teacher in their
respective towns, and to urge them to be present at
every session of the Institute. Tbe friend, nt Ed
ucation are invited to attend. Clergymen are res-
pcctiuny requesteu to give notice ol tne institute,
trutn lueir pulpits.
JOHN H. FRENCH. Secretary.
THE SUBSCRIBERS,
SUCCESSORS TO
COBB UNDERWOOD
Are prepared to do all kinds of JOBBING such as
PLANING. JOINTING, MATCHING
JIGGING, &G.
Also to tnanuffyqre PACKTNO BOXES, WELD-
Special attention iriven to TOBACCO Boxes, which
we will furnish nt the lowest rutea.
ISUlLDXNiJ contracts taken at all times, fnr which
we nave am pie neiiine, Mr. ukuwai of our
firm beinfr a praciicat builder, and his Inns- tr.A.
rience in this line will enable ni to compete with the
Also a full assortment of LUMBER constantly on
UKUU.
BUTIERFIELD ORDWAY,
BELLOWS FALLS. VT.
Deo. 1871. 4tf
Cheshire Railroad.
WINTER ARRANGE ME NT.
Commencing Monday, Deo. 4, 1871.
EXPRESS TRAIN leaves Bellows Falls at 3.30 A.
MM ACC. at 8.20 A.M., and MAIL. 2.20 P. M.
Keene. at 4.SS, fl.00 and 9.45, A. M..and 3,21) P. Kl,
lor Kitchburg, Boston, Worcester, Lowell. Nashua
and Intermediate Stations. Arrives! Kitchhnrff
S.S"i A. M.. 8 .50 A. M. 12.1 S P M. and Mm P M fi-
ton 8.33, and lnJA A. M.. 2.30 and 7.06 P. M.
Returning leaves Boston, at 7,30 A, M., MAIL, and
11 A. M.. ACCOM, and 5.30 P.M.. EXPRESS. Fitch-
ourg. i r..ju a. in., ana i.il r. M. 7,3o r. Al, Keene.
at 11.20 A M., 3.ii P. M., and. 9.20 P. Al., for Bellowe
ana, iuuovr, jvuuuuu, ace.
vr T, T K. STEWART. Sopt.
Kccffi. N. n Nor 27. 1871.
Vermont Central, Vermont Can-
ada Railroads.
TINTER ARRANGEMENT. Commencire
I on Monday. DECEMBER 4, 187L
TRAINS GOING SOUTH.
Leave Bellows Falls 3:30. a. 7:45 t. 2:30 t.
Mail Train leaves fisdenshiirtf t no m u u. ii
bans at 6:20 a. t., arrive in Bellows Fails.' via.
W hue River Junction or Rutland at2:25 r. M., South
Vernon at 4:00 p. n Grout's Corner at 4.-;10 p. m.
Mght Express leaves Ogdensburgh at 12.00 H
Montreal at 3:;jO p if., bt. Johns at 4:60 p m., St Al
bans 7:M r. h., arriving in Bellows Falls (via. White
Kiver Junction or Rutland; at a. m.. South Ver
non at 4.4. a. M.
Mixed train leaves Vt hite River Junction at 4 50 A.
v.. Rutland at 4.31) A. v., Bellows Falls Passenger
Train) 7.46 a. M. South Vernon, u In .jr..,'.
Corner at Wi l. M. Connecting; at Bellows Falls
with trains for Boston. Worcester, al South Vernon
with train for 8pringBeld and New York, at Grout's
Corner with train for New London.
TRAINS GOING NORTH AND WEST.
Leave Bellows Falls at 4.50 a. m, 11.4! a. 5.35 p
H..U.AI p. a.
Mail train leaves Boston. at T.30 a. w finn...i
at 8:00, A.m., New London at 5.00 A. M.. Bellows
Falls at 12.25 p. (via W. K, Junction or Rutland;
for Burlington, and Su Albans, fee, arriving in tt.
Albans at .:iu P. M.
Night Express leavea New York at 300 p.
Springfield at 8.10. p. H., Grout's Corner at 8.00 p. m".
cenows xaus at 11 r. a. ma. n K. Junction or
Rutland.) arriving in St. Albans at ti -2ti a m m-
treal at .45 a. Ogdensburg at 12.45 p. St.
Aocommodation leaves Grout's Corner at 3.30 p K
Sooth Vernon at 4.00 P. at. Bellows Fails 5.35 p.
mixed) arriving in Rutland at 8 Jo p. W. k!
Junction at p. St.
Mixed train leavea Bellows Falls at IM a. mh ar
riving in Rutland at a. a.
Si.iri8 Cam are attached to the Night Trains
between ru Albans and Epringfield and Burlington
and Boston.
Connections at W. K. Junction with trains on the
Northern f. H.) and Connecticut .nil
River Railroads at Ogdenstmrs; with trains lor the
west, at Rutland with trains over the Harlem Ex
tension Railroad, also with trains over the Rensse
laer and Saratoga and Railroada for Swatoga. iroy
Albany and the west,
Through Tickets for Chicago and the Watt for Bale
at the ariaaipal ilauons.
tt. JlnRRLLL. Sea. Baal.
Et. aVlaaaa. VW. Pea. L U7L
EXTENSIVE SALE
or-
FVnXIlVliE AND CAHrETS,
-A.t Vnctlon I
THR Subscriber offers for sale, at Pl'BLTC AUC
TION, all hia Furniture and Carpou, now eon
Uined iu the
BRATTLEBORO HOUSE.
The ia.e will uke plaoe on
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 13.
Imincdifttoly after the Rale of the Bankrupt prnr.er
ty of I. L. 8ar(rnt, advertiiiel by vloo. Slate, Ksij.,
Arwiirneo, aoi will continue until the property ii lia
(odnl of.
A muni the article for fale ure the following
OXB TARLOR SUITE
IN GREEN TERRY
TWO PARLOR SUITS IS HAIR CLOTH
30 Walnut, Chesnnt and Painted
CARVED CHAMBKK SUITES,
2 Watnnt Lounges. 14 Walnut Curved Mirrors.
Spring Beds and Hair M.ntreises. 75 Feather Pillow s
24 Bolsters, ft Extension Tables, Oak Dining
Chairs, SO Oak Othce Chairs. Common Bedstead. Bit
reatis. Wash Stands. Toilet Stands, Towel Racks.
Refrigerator. Clothes Wringer, btep Ladder,
40 EXTRA SUPERFINE CARPETS,
250 TARDS OIL CLOTH, c, &c.
r Furuitnreon exhibition, TUESDAY. Deo. 12.
JOHN RETTING.
WEED FAMILY FAVORITE
SEWING MACHINE!
Improved, August, 1871.
Per Cent of Sales, from year to year. More than any
other Machine.
510 130 VVIY.
STRAIGHT NEEDLE: ET. A STTC LOCK STTTCII
alike on both ph1h the Most Simple, Eariest to
Hun. Cletin, Oil. Adjust and Learn, and adapted to
a Wider Kanue of Work, than any other Machine
in the market. Will Sew from
LACE TO LEATHER,
without any chart ire whatever.
First Medal at Paris, 1W7, over 82 competitors, n
hest Sewinsr Machine. Hold Medal at American In-
fititute. iStiy. Four Week' Trial. The Vermont
State Fair. 1870, Awaidt-d the
WEED FAMILY FAVORITE THE
FIEST PRIZE AND DIPLOMA
TVER EIGHT OTIIER STANDARD MACHINES.
First Premium at Cheshire County Fair, 1870, on
fachine and Sample of Work. First Premium t
hephire County tair, 1871, on Machine and csumple
Work. First Premium at Windham County Fair
1 71, on Machine and bam pie of Work. Also, fjrct
ize at over beventy-five other Slate and County
airs.
Machines Left on Trial, Warranted and kepi in Re
pair when Sold.
Yon can bny one by payinjrSlO down, and the bal
ance in Wekkly or Monthly Payments, or yon can
Kent one from One Month to 't hree Months, and
hae all the Kent Allowed towards paying tor it.
You will betaujth. at your Homes, tree of charge,
nntil youean use it perfectly. A full stock of Twist.
biiKs, Linen snd Cotton Threads, tor Machine Use
of the very best quality. Also, (Sewing Machine
Needles and attachments for various Mnehit.es. Ac
tive Agents wanted in every unoccupied town in.
Windham and Windsor Counties, in Vermont? and
Sullivan County, N. H, bend for fen in pie of Work
and Circular.
W. H. UPHAM.
BELLOWS FALLS, VI.
Probate CJourts-1872.
STATE OF VERMONT, 1 To whom it may
DiSTHicTor KsTiiiNSTKB.ss. concern: Theregu
lar sessions of the Probate Courts for said District,
will be held, tbe year ensuing as lol lows, vis. At the
inn of M. A. Wildor, in Koukingaatn on the first
WEDNESDAY of December, Maruh. June and Sep
tember, at the Probnte Office in Townshend. on tho
first WEDNESDAY of January. Apr. I. July and
October, and at tho Inn of I". 4 Ii. Phelps in lliaf
ton. on the Brat W EDXEriDAY February. May, Au
gust and November. All persons interested will
govern themselves accordingly,
(liven under my hand at tbe Probate Office in Town
ahend in said District. Dec. 1, Isri.
AiilellAl STODDARD, Judge.
Estate of Ilarnce Fletcher.
BTATE OF VKRMOXT 1 The Probate Court In
1)18 t op BMTMisTe s. and fur said District
lo all persons interested in the estate ol HORACE
t LtlUHEtt lute of iownshond, in said district, de-
GHKfTI.IO.
V Of are hereby notlOed that an instrument pur
M. porting to be last will and testament of said de
ceased, has been presented to the court, hero, for
probate, and that said court will decide upon the al
lowance thereof at the session of said Court to be
ueiu at me rrooare oince in iownsnena, in sold dis
trictonthe Srst YYKDXKKIlAY nl
at which time and place you can be heard in the
rivuiura ii ;uu auaii eee cause.
t c- EDDY. Register.
Townshend, Deo. 2, 1871. stf-51
sime of Franc). D. Sawyer.
STATE OF VERMONT 1 The Probate Court In
"isTiir nisisisBissss, anil lor said District.
To all persons interested in the estate of FRANCIS
SA W YEK late of Townshend, in said district, do
OU are herAhv notified tHnt an ln.i..,n..n,
puriing 10 00 me last win ana testament ot said
deceased has been presented to the court, here, for
i.iwa.v. auu iu., rniu vuurt win uocme upon me al
lowance thoreof at th e session of said oourt to he
u, mj ',v,',in iownsnena, in saia dis
trict, on the first WEDN EbDA Y of January 1S72. at
nu.vu iiw, nuu iuuu jnu van uo ueara in tne pretn
isea if you shall see cause,
t v. a r -m C.B.EDDT. Register.
Townshend, Deo. 2. 1871. u-51
J. A. JILLSON
IIAIR DEESSER and DEALER in
GENT'S Fl'KA-ISIIING GOODS.
PaDer Collars. C.nfCu. Tim T.inan r.rt Pun... T
soma, llandkei-ehii'ls. Cotton Hose, and Ladies Hair
ruieuaer, ana t'erlumory, tl
ora, and Kazur totrops, alto manufacturer of
WHITNEY'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND
J r. vrainir "ill. ac, n llOICSaif
and Hetail. Particular attention paid to Cutting
Ladies' and Childrens' Hair.
ROOM NO. 4. UP STAIRS UNION BLOCK,
Dellows falls, Vt. 48
CIHCKERING SONS,
PIANO FORTES
The Best Pianos at the Lowest Prices
And upon (A? moM fuvorabfa term of payment.
Waa l.-U .1 a: -f
v, it iK""n oi pemons lnienamir to
K-.-". m uur ew litunraiea UataloKne,
aivinn full tincni.ona of 8tyle and Pric3. and
tha term tin hi.k i u a.
FASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Send for a Cntaloffv.
CIHCKERING SOXS.
354, WASHINGTON St, Boston.
11 EAST 14th STREET. Xetr York.
4S-S1
A FRESH STOCK
-op-PARLOR
AND CHAMBER SUITS!
JCST BECEIVED.
CALL and see them, f rices reduced. All Goods
sold, will be delivered in Bellows Falls. Saxfou
River. Cambridceport. tsraftoa, Westminster vVai
nol.and Caarlestowa fre. of aspens to the pnrrba-
llws Falla. Vt, Hot, n. 1171, tf
DOWNER'S KEROSENE OIL, the
Bast articl. In the niari.et.at
hi
gLEIGIIS FOR SALE BY,
W. H.TFlIAM
41-51 BELLOWS FALLS. VT.
Wanted.
TO TURK a TWO-YEAR old COLT Wlm.r-d.-Addrem.
Hating terms andeonvenienies.
Chester, Vu 47
HAIR WORK.
LADIES wishing HUM AN HATR in Latest StyW
can get it at J. A. JlLI.MiN'S HAIK-DKE.1!-1
Mi KOU.VLS. such as Waterfall Curls. Bnca Curls,
rrirsos. and tSwiichos. Imitations. French Curia.
liraids, Rau and Linen Switches. 47
UICK FOR SALE.
I1RTCK' for In V A M..
be seon at the store of Anns .V Willson in Bellows
fall. lTor further particulars iaouire of the subscri
ber- D. A. IIILLS,
Westminster. Aug. 1, 1871. il
j;OR SALE OR TO RENT.
ONE nf the best lncnHtics to SELL 000DS Ins
Vermont: LA1U1K ISKU'K lORE.lwo Teneueut
4:o and a good trade established.
Apply to
D. C. POLLARD CO.
47-50 I'rootorsvllle. Vt.
VOTICE.
IlirREPT certify that i hare gWn my on. ELI
M. HoLUtiX, bin timo tor tba retnuinder of bis ml
nority, and 1 chull claim none of his wufres. nor pay
any Uebu of hia contrauting alter this date.
OK M AN
Westminster West, Nov. 8th, in'L 47-41)
II
AY PRESS FOR SALE.
A Good Second Iland 11A Y PRESS for sale. In
quire of or address, ISAAC NEW ION.
Alstead, N. 11.. Nor. 1, 1371. 44-4SI
G
ROCERIES AND PROVISIONS.
8. CRAGIN. has bought II. A. Cooner'a stock of
groceries, and wilt continue the bnsineas at the old
stand, opposite the depot. Feeling grateful for the
iiast. would solicit a share of your patronag. in tha
iuturo.
Bellows Falls. Vt.. Sept. lt. 1870. 86
rOLF, BUFFALO LAP ROBES
A GOOD assortment of BCFFALO. WOLF. FOX
wnd LAP KOliEs. just received and for sale, and
will be sold as low for cash as at any other place.
Also all kinds of goods nertaininir In a Harness Shon
constantly on hand and for snlo. Also Harnesses
luaue to order andol any style depireit.
43 X. COOK 1 SOU.
yVtintetl Immediately,
CUSTOM COAT. PAST AND VEST MAKERS.
FA Experienced Workmen, constant employment
a will be given, and best prices paid. Apply
vt unoe vu
Bellows Foils, Oot. Sd. 1871,
S. II. GUILD.
40
CHARLES FISHER
Surveyor and Anctioneer.
WALPOLE, N. H.
TEW Instruments giving the varialions of tha
Is Magnetic Needle, especially adapted to running
midlines. Prompt attention given to auction sales
it all kinds. Orders may be lellutths T1A1ES Office.
4i
LELAND AND GRAY
SEMINARY.
THE WINTER Term of this Institution will be
gin WEDNESDAY, DEO. and continue elev
en weeks under theehargeof Prof. M. DAVIDSON"
assisted by Mr, ii. L. DAVIDSON, for further
particulars, address the Principal.
4ii-4u Dit. U. CLARK. Secretary.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
WHITNEY'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND
Never injures the lliiir, but will keep it clean, soft
Mid moist, remove dandruii'. nnd cure your Head
ache. Manufactured and sold Wholesale and He
tail, by J. A. J1LLSOM.
Room 4. Up Stairs, UNION BLOCK.
Bellows Falls, VU 48
NEW FIRM I
New Store! Nevr Goods
E. B. LEE CO.
MAIN STREET. CHESTER, VERMONT.
HAVING enlarged and remodeled their 'New
Store, now have facilities for tranMicting tha
general Merchandise business in all its details and
mrite the publio to an inspection of their raoent
purchase of
FALL AND WINTER DRY GOODS
'oraprieing; the latest fabrics and designs In I.ariia
Dreaa Uoeda. such as XHIUEIs, SA T'lEEjSti.
ALL-WOOL PLAIDS. ALPACAS, BIULLIAN
I'liKNS, POPL1KS, EMPUESS t'LOTliS. SILKS.
VELVETEENS. KEl'ELLEMTS, AC. AC. Also
SHAW LS, DHESS Trimmings of all discriptions.
EDUrNUS. LAUES.BKAIDS. GLOVES. UuslEKV
LADIES Linder-woar, Cotton and Woolen Goods of
avery description. Also a complete line of Ladies'
md Gents' BOUTS. SHOES nnd K IBB lilts. A
honvy Stork nl t HOIt W FA.M1L1 (iKUCK.
Hits WEST I.MIIA UUUUS, FLOUR,
lbAli ciC., maybe found at our Store, all of
which will be sold Low for CASli. All kinds of
Produce taken in Exchange for Goods.
E, B. LEU. J. E. HORSE,
RUCTION SALK
IN BANKRUPTCY. DISTRICT OP VERMONT PS
THE undersigned Assignee of the estate of IS
RKALL. SARGENT will sell at PUBLIC AUC
1'IONat tha Bruttleboro House in tho village of
Urattiehoro, oouuly of Wiuduaiu and Stale of Ver
mont, on
TUESDAY tha 12th OF DECEMBER. 1871 at TEN
clock A. M. The following property 1 Counter
scale. 1 Silver plated Water Tank, 10 doicn Silver
plated Teaspoons. 7dosenSllver-piated Tablespoons
Idoicn Silver-plated Dossertspoons, 12 dosen Sil-ver-piated
Knives, IS dosen Silver-plated Forks, 6
Silvcr-pluted Castor Stands, 6 Silver-plated Caka
Uaskels, VI do. Butter l'littes. 12 do. Sugar Bowls.
i do. Milk Pitchers. 8do. Spoonholders. 5 do. Pick
.e Castors, U do. Bntser Knives, 6 do. Pickle Forks,
dozen Mustard Spoons, 1 do. Cracker Dishes. 6 do
Bar Spoons, 3 do. btraiuers, 1 do. bhaker. bottles
ine, J 1 gallons Cog. Brandy, 85 gallons Cider, 24
allons megar, 27 gallons Mnlassen, 15 gallons N.
h Rum. 27 gallons Rye Gin, !4 gallons Whiskey, I
jalion Port W ine, 5 gallons Cherry Knra, M gallons
Cid'r Brandy, ystona Jars, 1 Tin Cuke Cuoboord.
i Milk Cans, 7 Bof kota, U Pails, 10 gallons Gin, a lot
if lin nnd Glassware, Bottles of txtracls,4 Buck
ets, 4 Clocks, 1 gallon Castoi Oil. 1 1 hermometer, 1
Bedstead. 2 Matrasses, 1 Pillow. 5 Comfortables. 1
Towel Hack, 1 Water Tank, 1 office Chair, 1 Fire
Proof Sule, 2 Bells, 1 Letter Box, Ink-stand, 4 Um
brellas, 21 blop Pails, 15 Match Safes, 1 Flesh Brush
1 Towel, 60 Corn Brooms, 1 Box Soup, 1 Card Rack,
i.'l".er?- Carving Table and Fixtures. 7 Wash
rubs, 1 Galvanised Iron Oven, ICooking Range and
f urniture. I Coal Hod. a lot of Wooden W are. 5
Window Curtains, 1 Cook Stove, 1 Tio Boiler. 2 Coal
i"l"'.2lI,e,i o00 Saw. 7 Sad Ir ns, 1 Ironing
Table. 1 Demijohn. 1 Ale Pitcher, til Faucets, 2 Bil
liard fables, 2 fette Balls Ac, a lot of empty Bot
tles. 3 Liquor Casks. 2 .-hovels, one undm.led half
l an Ice House, 1 Clothes Frame, a quantity of
ilroc-enes, W heat and Rye Flour. Corn Meal. 2 Koll
ingPins. b Iron nnons. a lot nf Jllia I..a Ii;i
Apple, Ji barrel Soap, a lot of Ham Barrels. I'A
Oords of W ood. 2 Coal Sieves, 62 lbs Soap Grease.
I Copper Boiler, llsjll Itis. Coal.
llatea at ttelluws Fails. Nov. 27th. 1571.
4o-4a GEORGE SLATE, Assignee.
NO CURE, NO CHARGE.
RHEUMATISM! NEURALGIA I
500 Will. Be raid!
TO ANY PERSON producing any Medicine abla
A to show one tbiM as many living, permanent
;ure as Dr. F I i LEU'S V KGIi TABLE R II tl JaA X-
1C REM LD 1 and a further rewttni nf Slitfi
oase of Cnronie or Inllauatory Rheumatism, Nea-
raitria, ixitrumailO Aguo, ftciaticaanit KlieuuiatisUI
.if th. Kidneys rill tt car. This Rhcumatio
.Syrun w Mtrit imrttnilp om'if. pleasant to the taste,
ind guaranteed free from injurious Drugs. It is not
a Wuack .Medicin-, but the scientific pr?ription of
los P. Filler. M.I'., Professor of Toxicology and
chemistry, graduate of the celcbratr.1 Iniversity of
Pennsylvania. A, D..1M. whose entire professional
tile nas been devoted specially to this disease. This
preparation under solemn oath bconscienlioasly be
iieteilto be the only positive, reliable, intajlibla
speeine ever discovered. Th. proof tbat no ether
.oecinc exists is found in avm. Mm...;,, i--
ns afflicted for many years past and still so rioting.
0 jAyi:inn croii.-Mo- U. e a sp-for ti.i riW, Hum
Kovln autk so, a fart that must be universallv ad
mitted. J be oft deceived sunorer may wisely ask
whatseenrity or evidenea hash, that Dr. Filler's
"r"'." ..iMiwitirure niscase, in. protection
oUeied to patients against impositioa is a legally
ignd contract wbicb will tie forwarded wuhuut
charge to any sufferer sending by letter a description
ot attliciion this guarantee will state th. exact
nam her of bottles warranted to cure, and in ease of
lailire the money paid will be returned to the pa
tient. No other r m i ha. K-n
such liberal and hoaoraoie terms. Medical advice.
iiu v n 1. 1. 1 ir.? 1 1 1 1 ui pniBiuciK r Dysicaos. t lergy
men. etc.. who have been cured after ail uhirtmL.
Divots toiled, sent by letter, gratis. Arllict.-J cordial
ly treated invited lo write lor advie. to the prinei
pal oMi-e, 45 Souta Fourth street. Philadelphia. Pa.
Dr. FiUer's Rhamaati. ami is sold ay ilraggista.
rrsM