i t>fr
Ir
x
i*
f v
T
f*'
\U

l
f tf*
At
if*

I
i

1
-a f
4

a t f
i

THE OSKALOOSA HERALD.
Thursday, November 2, 1871.
}U ai “Lost” Doric*.
Rea<i “House i®r Kent notice.
For nice pictures go to Warrington’s
Gallery. Read his locals.
Pmt.ASDKK McMullin has fenced his
lot in east end and put up a barn.
The Sigourney X. wm says VVm. Gump
swindle i it out of 1,000 show bills.
Read turning local «>f A. Foehlinger in
business notices. He is good tnecbanic.
J., g fc Billings save “knowing bow to sit
s*iuare on a bile, without hurting. D one of
the lost arts."
N. F. Reynolds has opened a Book and
Music store *>n south side of the square.
Hi: bis li'Cal.
Lectckr —Hon. A. S. Kieseil will lec
ture in the* C'lirixti.m Chapel, on Monday
evening. l)t c 12
Kpisc ipu sociable will meet at Mrs. I.
Ktlbach’s n We n.sdav. Bth ins'., (in
stead of Tuesday
The L niversalist sociable will meet at
Win. Johnson’s this (Thursday) evening.
Come and be sociable.
The Washington Lite, and Washington
Fire Insurance Companies are distinct.
Head explanatory local.
Fome laborer who desires to pay his sub
scription in work, can have a chance by
calling n» once at this office.
s .1 Dutton A Co., —queer fellows,
want money. Large stock of Groceries,
etc just coming in. Head locals.
The parlor game of llie season is called
“setting up.” Two can play at it with
pleasure, if the ‘‘old lady” is williug.
Wright Spencer, wholesale grocers,
are moving their stock in their new room,
In “Hkralp Block,”ou Main street.
Rebecca Lodge of I. O. O. F. will meet
next Tuesday evening, Nov. 7th. and all
members are requested to he present.
Hev. C. P. Nash of Newton, lowa, l*ni
versalist, will preach in Knowlton’s block
next Sunday, Nov. sth, morning and even
ing
The agent of the D V. R. R. has two first
cla«s tickets fnm Oekaloosa to Salt Lake
City, which he will sell at less than regular
rates.
Tin* annual met tine of the Grand Chap
ter and Grand Council of Royal and Select
Masters will be held in *his city next Octo
ber.
Read Mitoh Wilson’s local of the Chi
cago Life Ins. Co. ll<* is ready to make
out your application. Call on him on
north side.
Nthskry Stock —Elsewhere will he
found locals directing your attention to A.
S. N'Chois Co’s Oskaloosa Nursery.
Read them.
Ahmt a thmiaind men are now at work
on the lowa Southwestern Road between
Clinton and Tipton, and tracklaying will
commence soon.
Mrs. A J. B-iughman of Given, who
with Mrs. Hamilton Duke went east some
weeks since, returned last week from a
pleasant visit to Ohio.
We propose to charge ten per cent, in
terest orj all subscription accounts after
they become six months in arrears Please
remember this and pav up.
Out of spite some galoot sued the editor
of the Msnquoketa Sentinel for libel, and
after putting the county to a big expense,
the Judge dismissed the Buit.
N V. Brower, late city editor of the
Davenport Gazette, has purchased the Ma
son City Republican and will make a good
paper of it. ITe starts out right.
The State Center Enterprise is the name
of anew paper we find on our table It is
published hv Davp Lacey Co,, and makes
a fine appearance, liesides being newsy.
The Woman’s Improvement Society”
will m -et this afternoon, 2d inst., at the
r*?' fence of Mis. J. W. Price, two blocks
west of new “Herai.d Block,” at 3 p. ni.
Id wont Bros., always up with the
tim-s, have a long list of reliable Insur.
ance Companies advertised iu another col
umn. They have been tried and will
stnrd tire.
The Ottumwa Courier says Mr. Grimes
lo*i SPMMiO on building and $30,000 on
stock, lumber, wagons on hand, tools, etc.
It was injured for about SII,OOO. mostly
in good companies.
A keen House.—We have an invitation
to the “opening” of the Allen House, Ma
son City, next Wednesday evening A
nice tint” anticipated. If we go we’ll tell
you what happens.
A romantic reporter says “the trees are
putiing on their autumn robes.” On the
contrary, they are shaking them ofl upon
sidewalks and lawns, and are immodestly
exposing their hare limbs.
In speaking of Miss Snell’s defeat the
Grinnell Herald says “It will be fortu
nate enough it a goodlv proportion of the
gentlemen elected prove to have the quali
fications of Ml*B BkRLE.”
Change in Telegraphic Institute.
Prof. M. I*. Givens has purchased the Tel
egraphic Institute of Mr. T. II White,
and will continue the business at the same
rooms. Adv. next week.
Sorghum —Tudor Lyon, of New Sha
ron, left us a fim sample of Sorghum Mo
las**s which they are manufacturing in
quantity near that place. Persons desiring
to purchase should test their quality.
We r.*cHv<?(l a pleasant visitjfrom'friend
B<weh of the Marshall Timet, last Monday.
We found him the gentleman that such a
paper should have for its finanrial en
gineer and general overseer. Call again.
David M. C. Brower, h gallant soldier
boy who hag been spending several years
in Colorado, New Mexico, and othe r parts
oftheWefit, returned last week, looking
bie and hearty. Guess foraging was good
with Dare.
Monroe County— The Union says Tom
Leas was fined S2O for attempting improp
er lit*ertles with a girl on the street. Should
have been jugged for a season... .The
First National Bank has a new two story
brick, 18x00.
Re *Lodge, No. 572. I. O. G. T. meets
'-\er> Tuesday evening in Union Block,
third story, west end Members visiting
the city are invited to attend. Au attend
ance of all members, next meeting is ear
nestly desired.
Let your motto be, ‘*l will my
own town,” and in turn you eQ
cu raged also. A mutual feeling of good
will and kindness will grow up i n your
midst, and prosperity will be observable
on every street.
What is the Matter ?—We have not
received the Indianola Journal for five or
six weeks if Parson Brady has cut our
Requsintance we desire to know it; if not
»«nd along the Journal. It is particularly
Interesting just at present.
Ground was broken on the lowa, Min
nesota and North Pacific Road, at a point
eight miles south of Newton, on Monday
last. There was a celebration of the event,
and a barbecue. According to the Re-pub
it was a happy turn, f or the t j
Jasper.
W t m. Nash is making arrangements to
move his Agricultural Works to the Seth
Cox stable on Main s’reet. second block
west of square. He will fix the building
uo in good shape, and move there in two
or three week 9.
Removal. We expect to commence
moving our office to the corner room in the
new “Herald Block," next 1 hursday,
Nov. 9lk. Please remember this, and
when you call to see us after that date, call
at the new rooms, entrance on the west
side.
Mks 8 U. Bennett left last Tuesday
for a health-seeking trip to California. She
goes to Pacheco, the residence of her son
George, anti will remain until spring. She
is accompanied by Mrs. C. G. Bennett, and
will we hope have a pleasant visit and re
gain her wonted health.
Ketnkr Anderson have a new adv.,
from which von will learn that “business
is business They have their goods all
marked in plain figures and are running
on the one price system. Go and see their
clothing stock on hand, and the fine gotxjs
to make up.
J. W. Ragsdale of Corning, has already
announced himself as a candidate for Ser
geant-nt Arms of the State Senate next
winter. He would present a nice appear
ance in that body with his rattan cane,
greased hair, dandy figure and soft head.
Deliver us from the infliction.
Concert.—The celebrated Peak family,
Vocalists and Swiss Bell Ringers, will give
an entertainment in City Hall ou Tuesday
eve next, 7th inst. The reputation of this
troupe is well established, and our people
will not fail to be on hand. Admission 50
cents to all parts of the Hall.
Mitchell Purdy, after a short and
brilliant run, sold their grocery store on
the north-west corner of square to Levi
Rambleton, W. IT. Kimball and E. 11.
Longshore, who will sail under the name
of Hambleton, Kimball Co and will buy
grain, produce, etc., and sell first-class
groceries.
The proprietors oi the Western Rural
say that, although the presses and all the
material used the Western Rural and
Young Folks' Rural were entirely destroy
ed in the great Chicago fire, the subscrip
tion lists were rescued, and within one
month from the fire they intend to be out
again in the old form, style, &c.
For some time Ottumwaites have been
thinking and talking about waterworks,
and since their great fire of last week, they
have been acting, and have sent for the
agent of the “Hollv Waterworks” to con
fer with them as to cost, etc. The proba
bility is that Oskaloosa will awaken in
the same manner some day.
Geo. D. Cook &Co., have made arrange
ments with the large packing house of
Ladd Co., Ottumwa, to buv 30 000 hogs
this winter, and will commence at this
place in two or three weeks, of which due
notice will be given. These gentlemen
bought extensively in our county last win
ter and are well known to our farmers.
Charley Aldrich sold out his interest
in the Waterloo Courier after the Des
Moines Register “warmed the wax in his
ears,” and will now we suppose attempt
setting the stakes for election to some Leg
islative office this wiDter. With him these
matters have become professional or chron
ic, as you please to name them. We hope
Some fellow will beat him.
The Central Hoad has been completed to
Northwood, Worth county, six miles from
the Minnesota line. Grading was com
menced at Mason City, August 14th, and
by October 2d was finished to the State
line, a distance of 25 miles. The culverts,
bridges, track and depots were all finished
by the 7th of October, so that in fifty-five
d iys twenty-five miles of road were built.
The Register says the Des Moines Val
ley Road has within the last six weeks sold
over two million dollars’ worth of their
lands in Northwestern lowa They were
mainly sold to the parties who hold the
first mortgage bonds on the Road. The
prices paid ranged from $3 20 to S2O 00
per acre. It is understood that the lands
will be put into market, for sale to actual
settlers.
The Clinton Herald has changed hands.
H. 3. Hyatt has sold his interest to Dr.
T. J. Saunders, lately of the Davenport
Gazette. Mr. Ilyatt has been one of the
most popular rnen in lowa journalism, and
we regret to see bun going out of the ac
tive lists of the profession. Dr. Saunders
is a fine newspaper man, and loves the
work He will make the Herald a paper
of power in the State.
John Hakpkh.—We learn that John
Harper, 'whose shooting we mentioned
last week, has arrive 1 at his home at Giv
en. He was shot in both legs instead of
one as mentioned by us before. The
shooting took place near Cameron, Mo.;
the villain was recognized by some persons
living in the vicinity, and two squads of
the vigilance committee arc after him. He
is ntpposed to belong to the gang that fired
Cameron a few nights after. If the com
mittee gets hold of him he will “escape.”
Disease among the llogs.—Joseph
Gtaves of Adams Tp., informs us that some
fatal disease prevails among the hogs in
bis neighborhood, which is proving very
destructive. He lost 21* out of 33, and says
his neighbors have lost in equally large
proportion in many casts. They are first
attacked with reeling and staggering, and
their ears and the iuside portion of their
1 gs turn purple before they die. He thinks
it is not the cholera, as they have none of
the symptoms thereof. What is it and
what will cure it
Head This.— ft. takes money to run a
paper. We work hard to make it worth
two doll ir-v If it isn’t worth this much to
you, act mauly and stop taking it. If it is
worth this much, encourage us by comply
ing with our terms just as you do with for
eign publishers. We do not wish to lose
a single subscriber, and we know that ev
ery one of you am if you tcill pay the
amount of your bill. If it was a single,
isolated case, or a dozen such cases, we
could stand it. but when the aggregate
runs up to thousands of dollars we lay
down the law, pay up and continue or pay
up and quit. Our money we must have.
Quite a number of suits are pending in
various localities against railroad compan
ies, for the expulsion of parlies with first
class tickets, from the “ladies” or first-class
cars. If railroads desire a car for ladies
and their escorts, which is proper enough,
they should also furnish nnotber first class
car for “gentlemen,” and not dump them
down in the dirty, filthy emigrant or smok
ing cars. We hav t often thought when
turned from the “ladies” car because unac
companied by a lady, that there should be
some redress. For our part it is just as
pleasant to ride in a cattle-car as a smok
ing car. You may say “it is just as a fel
low is raised,” and-as riding in a smoking
car “raises” our stomach’s contents, we
agree with you.
Fire Engine.— For our part we are in
favor of “rubbing out and beginning anew”
on the Fire Engine business, and either
sell, trade or give away the squirt-guns we
have now, and buy a good steam fire engine,
lhatmen will not be ashhmed to run with.
If an arrangement could be made for stor
ing the machines we have, one might be
placed In each end of town, to be used on
small buildings i Q remote parts of town,
until agood engine could get on the ground,
for these enginea might do some good on
one siory bouses, but in the business blocks
they would be powerless, a steam engine
would cost some money, but a little over
double what those useless things have cost
would bay one, and a good one at that.
This nuttier will do to think over.
Accident— Last Saturday while the
miners in one of the banks at Beacon were
fixing props after a blast, the top coal fell
down, striking Dan Carrington on the
head, and tearing about one-fourth of his
scalp loose. Dr. Ilolfraan was called, ad
ministered to his case and he is now doing
well.
Religious.—Divine service and Holy
Communion at St. James church on Sun
day next a* the usual hour. The sacra
ment of Baptism for adult candidates, will
also be administered during morning ser
vice. In the evening the usual monthly
missionary meeting will he held, with mis
sionary address by the Rector and others.
Marble Works—The new firm of
Glaze Crutchfield have an advertise
ment els where in this paper, by which it
will be seen that they are prepared to fill
all orders lor marble-work of any descrip
tion. The w’ell-known ability of this firm
to fill contracts promptly and to the letter,
make them popular. Shop on Main street,
two doors west of post-office.
Sing —The Ist M. E church S. S. sing
ing school will meet Saturday, 3 o’clock,
p. m sharp. Rudiments of music taught
free to all members of the school. Church
singing 7:30 p. m. Every individual mem
ber earnestly invited. Come, let U 9 join
in this pleasant work. What more fitting
way of closing the toilsome week than in
striving to praise our God with the spirit
and “with the understanding also.”
Gen. Clark’s horse “Frank Palmer” beat
“Honesty” of Ottumwa, at Des Moines last
Frida}’, in three best out of five, for SSOO a
side. The following is the score
1 2 3 4 5
Frank Kilmer 0 0 1 1 l
Honesty 0’ 1 0 0 0
Time *2:48 2:48 2:47 2:50 240
The first being a "dead heat,” “Honesty”
a* usual split a hoof, or cast a shoe, or
something else happened to him, anvhow
he got beat, and the match will be repeated
ut Ottumwa at an early day.
Railroad.—Judge Seevehs informs us
he has a letter from parties in Albia, ask
ing Oskaloosa to act with that city and
Knoxville, and appoint a committee of one
to visit Bt. Louis and see what can be done
for our railroad interests there, looking to
the extension of the Central south from
Albia. If our citizens desire to take any
actiou in the muter ’.hey should select
some well posted railroad man, who has
our interests at heart. We leave the in at
ter w’ith you. What will you do.
The Eddyville Advertiser has this item
"Historical —Aaron Melick of
tbi* city, wan in Chicago since the fire, amt by
interviewing the Irish woman and her friend*,
came in possession of the veritable currycomb
that is said to have curried the cow that is said
to have kicked over the lamp which igniting the
straw, burned not only the stable of the Irish
woman, but ihe e-xond commercial city and the
first grain mart ot America
We have no doubt that at least 1000 cur
rycombs have already been sold as the
identical one used as stated above, and we
expect it will prove a profitable business
tor curry-comb manufacturers to furnish
that old lady in "relics” of that sort.
The following though not of local inter
est may be novel enough to interest our
local readers. We find it in the Adair Co.
Gazette
“*To Whom it may Concern.—A» there ha*
been a xiory afloat, that l wore a certain dead
man'* boot*. I wi'l here state that I wa* one who
helped bury a man that wa* *hot for killing a vet
eran *oldier. who wa* home ou a furlough, and
*a d man did have a pair of boots that were good,
and a* they could not be *o'd, I propo*ed to
throw them out on the road, but one of the parly
said he knew ofa better way to di*po*e of them
and that wa* to give them io a certain old man
living iu the ea*t part of the county, and that he
would *ay nothing a* to who had them, as he
(the pe *on receiving them) would not like to
wear them if he knew to whom they had belonged.
No when I laid my claim before tne supervisor*,
they would not allow it. because I would not tell
them what wa* done with *aid hoots, and now
alter seven year*, some (good friend) ha* taken it
upon himself to spread it over the county to slan
der me. Now I will here say lor the benefit of
that person, that I have heard enough of this
slang, and if this doe* not satisfy, I shall resort
to otiier means, which will make them all the
trouble that the law will allow ate to tor slander,
a* l have plenty of wit''esses that I did not wear
said boots, as they were No, C or 7. and I wear 10's.
Norman Norton.
Reservoirs—The attention of the whole
country was called, during the late dry sea
son to the necessity for some kind of water
works, to supply waier in case of a fire
Marshalltown voted $25,000 to get a steam
engine and put up water wotks. Clinton
is agitating the subject, and the Bee has an
article on the subject, in which details are
entered into showing that a water pipe, six
inches in diameter, half an inch thick may
be laid down for about #1 per foot in
length. Towns like Oskaloosa, located so
far irom the river should adopt some meas
ure to procure water, other than the shal
low wells we now have. One ot'the Coun
cil informed us that the project of sinking
an artesian well in the square, aud build
ing a reservoir there to receive the over
flow, has been talked of. This, with ar
rangements for flooding the wells on each
corner would supply the square, and pro
tect it, and with the addition of a few cis
terns conveniently and judiciously located
would secure the safety of all to a great de
gree. Some measures should be taken, for
we cannot hope to always be lucky be
cause we have heretofore escaped the de
vouring fiend.
A Figiit.—-We regret to learn that our
friends Brady and Carleton, rival editors
of Indianola, have had a set-to, the partic
ulars of which we have not seen, excepting
the following from the Dea Moines Regie
ter
“Chivalry" at Indianola.—For several day*
we have heard report* from Indianola fo the effect
that K. W. Brady, editor of the Journal bud been
attacked in the streets of that place with a raw
hide in the hand* ol a prin'er or work man in the
employ ol the Leadtr Company. The *tory run
that the a**utiliine party—named Carleton—had
rushed up to Mr. Brady, and attempted to u*e the
w apon of the bully upon him that Mr Brady,
►urpri**d at the attack, but retaining hi* eelf
pohseeidon. wrench* d the whip from tne hand of
hi* a**ailant telling him that it wa* not hi* style
to flsrht in that way, nor hi* etyleto allow bimaeif
t<» he whipped in that way and that, alter thin
lurn of the aff.iir. and the collection of a crowd,
the availing party took him*elf off. con*o'ing
himrelf with the threat of the little boy that “he
would catch him out alone *ome time yet.”
But we *ce by yesterday Journal that the report
1* essentially true -at least *o far a* the attempt
at the c whiding of Mr. Brady, and the covert
threat of hi* a**uilant of more of the same sort to
come, are concerned. The Journal ha* a lengthy
statement of the affair, stating that the man named
Carleton. taking umbrage at some personal alia
*ian in the Journal, which he took to mean him,
and not feeling able to answer it with the pen. re
sorted to an ai tempt at using the raw-hide*. The
enconnter, in its details, a* the Journal ha* it,
was substantially the same as it came to us by re
port.”
Mr. Carleton in his fonder makes no al
lusion to it, other than to excuse himself
for having been driven by certain publica
tions in the Journal, to make the attack.
Marion County. —The Democrat says
a boy, 10 years old, named Strong, near
Columbia, fell from a straw stack and
broke his leg Messrs. Davis, Bestor
Co., from Mahaska county, we believe, are
building large Woolen Mills at Marys
ville John Former, 18 years old, re
turning on Sunday night from church was
attacked by a large Newfoundland dog
which grabbed at his throat, leaving the
marks of its teeth on his neck. It then
seized him by the hand and tore it in a
dreadful manner. In the meantime the
boy was making a desperate fight, inflict
ing several wounds on the animal with his
pocket-knife, and finally the beast was
driven 0ff..... Win. Park was looliug with
a revolver and shot himself through the
hand... .Dr. Guthrie tells us that he has
been called twice to give aid to children
who had been drinking concentrated lye.
He says vinegar is a sure antidote for this
stuff. Let it be drank soon after drinking
the lye. and a complete cure will be effect
ed in nine cases out of ten. This should
be remembered by everybody John
Barney eld, a tinner in Pell, fell from a two
story building and had several ribs broken.
An attempt was made to burn the school
bouse at Pella on the 18th Miss Nellie,
daughter of Rev. Runyon, of this place,
4 years old, came Dear being torn* to pieces
by an infuriated sow belonging to Rev. R.
The sow thought the little girl was hurting
one of its small pigs, and ran up to her,
knocked her down, cut a gash her bead,
aud was trying to tear the child's clothes
from her, when Mr. R. came up and with
the greatest difficulty drove the animal
away.
New Sharon Shipments. A. H. Nay
lor says in a letter to us “We have been
furnished by our kind agent, G. B. Gould
with the following statistics of the amount
of grain shipped from New Sharon by the
Central It. R. of lowa, from Ist Mo. 11th,
1871, to 10th Mo. 30, 1871 Wheat, 88,-
850 bushels corn, 42.000 bu. oats 36,000
bu. potatoes, 6,400 bu.; barley, 9.000 bu.;
rye, 2,000 bu.; horses, one car; cattle, ten
cars hogs, fifty cars.”
Fire.—The inmates of the St. James
Hotel were badly frightened by the alarm
of file given in that house last Thursday
night; it came near resulting in a first
class conflagration. A lamp left burning
in Mrs. Rowland’s room is supposed to
have exploded, setting fire to some dresses
liauging on the wall, and getting a pretty
good start on the furniture, floor, etc. A
few buckets of water quenched what
would iu a few moments more have given
Oskaloosa its largest fire.
Coal Switch. —Pres. Gilman writes to
parties in town “We are building a
switching engine aDd forwarding scales,
iron, &c., to accommodate the several coal
banks about Oskaloosa; had calcula'ed
the point to be Beacon or Given, as each
place offered all facilities free. Will put
the whole thing at Oskaloosa for 20 acres
of land, if properly situated, of easy ac
cess to our main line and switches.” A
meeting of our citizens will be called at an
early day to take action in thi9 matter.
Emma Purdy.
The Hew block opposite the Post Office is to be
called the Herald block, in honor of the Oska
loosa Herald. The name is worthily bestowed.
Evangeilr 1,.) Oskaloosa,)
A Merited Compliment.—Bo a unanimous
vote of the owners oi the various portions of the
fine brick block in which the Oskaloosa Herald
office is located, it has been named the Herald
block, in honor of th proprietors of the Herald,
to whose energy, influence, determination and
material aid the building owes its existence.—
Albia Union.
Wcll Named.—The handsome business block
built in Oskaloosa this season, of w hich the Her
ald building forms the corner s ore, has, by
unanimous consent of the several ow ners, been
christened the Herald block The Herald boys
are deserving all the honors that can be heaped
npon them.— Eddyville Advertiser.
Enter* upon ils fiftieth year ou the Ist of Janu
ary next. Its career has been one of the most
successful in the history of American journal
ism. Every department is conducted with abili
ty. Its Foreign Correspondence is unrivalled,
and its independence in commenting upon polit
ical corruptions is in the highest degree praise
worthy.
We notice »hat it appears in a “New Dress,"
and also announces that the succes or its Year-
Book for 1871 will result in Volume No. 2 for
1872. which will be still more complete in its sta
tistical aud other tables of iuiormation, and In
its general arrangement.
Such enterprise deserves success, and we ad
vise our readers to send for a specimen copy of
the paper. New subscribers will receive the pa
per free until January Ist.
Improvement Contemplated.—Last
week we intimated that a company would
build next year the block on High street,
from alley at Star Bakery to Dawson cor
ner. This arrangement ha 9 been about
made, and we understand some contracts
for material let. We hope it will go on,
and that a dozen similar may be put up
within the next twelve month iu the city.
In the block spoken of, the three rooms on
the corner, known as the “Dawson” prop
erty, will be for rent, the fourth room will
lie occupied by Call Bristol and the
Evangelist office, the filth by F. W. McCall
with his Marble Works, and the sixth,
built by T. T. Wright, will probably be
for rent, as he has a five year lease where
he now is. The building will be three
stories high we believe, and will add much
to the appearance of the street.
About Bt. Louis. —As mauy ot our citi
zens a*-e interested in having the embargo
now existing on freights and facilities to
St. L<*uis removed, the following extract
from a despatch from that city, of last Sat
urday says
“A ma«e meeting of merchants and citizen* wa*
held at the Mercantile Library last night, to t*ke
into consideration the propiiety of petitioning
the county court to dismiss the suit now pending
against the North Missouri Railroad, at the same
time binding parties now controlling the said
road to fully stock and equip the road at once,
and to make all necessary preparations to tran*
act business which will flow upon the city during
the winter. Resolutions were uaatiimonsly
adopted that the interest of the entire community
will he best served by the dismissal of the suit,
and that the county court be requested to take
such action. To avoid any embarrassment* or
complaints hereafter, the county court was re
spectfully requested to immediately sell the stock
In the road held by the Company.at auction to
the highest bidder lor cash, first giving ten days
notice of the sale by advertising the same in the
city papers A committee of twenty prominent
citizens was appointed to present the resolutions
to the county court as the action cf the meeting.”
OFFICERS ELECT
of the different Townships of the County.
As returned to the Auditor's Office by the various
Township Boards. Some Townships are. for
some reasons but partially reported.
CEDAR TOWNSHIP.
Justice of the Peace P. Rober'imn.
Trustees Sam'l McClain, .1. H. Eaatburn and
J. n. Warner.
Tp. Clerk, N. W. Foster.
Assessor, Wm. Boyd.
Constables, Nelson Morgan, John Jones.
Jostice of the Peace, It. Patrick.
Trustees, C. W. Carpenter, Robert Moore, John
Brubecker.
Tp. Clerk, Perry Sbriver.
Assessor, Robert Moore.
Constable, Seth Walker.
DES MOINES TP.
Justice, Thomas White.
Trustees, Ben. Carman, W. F. Crabill, Henry
Eveland.
Tp. Clerk. W. J. Cone.
Assessor, I), M Robers.
Constable, James Toffiemeyer, J- W. Foster.
Trustees, R. Redman, Wm. Gilmore, Jasper
Bull.
Tp. Clerk, C. W. Foster.
Assessor, Isaiah Graham.
No tartber returns.
Constables, D. M. Gunn, Wm. P. Stanley, -I. W.
Henderson.
Assessor, Amos Briggs.
Tp. Clerk, J. B Bolton.
Trustees, Sam'l Ingels, Wm. Burnside, K. P.
Bacon.
Trustees, F. W. Linsley, R. Spates. Geo. A.
ltoss.
Assessor, A. Caldwell.
Constable, V. B Setzer.
MONROE TP.
Tp. Clerk, Isaac Mills.
Constables, J. J. Wilson, EliJah.Sewell.
Justice, J J Vermillion.
Trustees, Jacob Koogler, John D. Davis, H. C.
Farquer.
Tp. Clerk, Chas Stanley.
Assessor, Wm Kirkpatrick.
Constable, Charles Davis, R Nash.
MADISON TP.
Justice, Henry C. Moore.
Trustees, J A Erganbrigbt, J II Poague, Otto
Pothoven.
Tp. Clerk, S. W. Barber.
A«eeii«or A K Dum-moor.
Constable, David Rinzle.
RICHLAND TP.
Justices, T.l Itidpath, Joseph Swisher, Motes
Wassom.
Trustees, Peter Appel, C B Shields, J B Ryan.
Tp. Clerk, A P Hitching.
Assessor, J T Glotfelter.
Constable*, J H Kiser, H C Tipp*, N Hunt.
Trustees, James Winder. P W Phillip*. H
Shroyer.
Tp. Clerk, Clark Adams.
Assessor, Henry Cope.
Constables, TU Carr, John Garner,
Trustees, T L Brooks, J W W Watson, Hugh
Smith.
Tp. Clerk, L W Graham.
AssLssor, J H Fisher.
Constables, Jacob lientzinan, Hiram Gosneil
tl'i'rustees, P V Lash, John McDaniel, Wm Mor
row.
Tp. Clerk, J’ C. McSpadden.
Assessor, Isaac Allen.
Constables. H WMcSpadden, ‘Henry Rashman,
•A It Reed.
•Tie.
ALUMBAUGH—LER— On Monday. Oct. 23d, by
Elder O. P Badger, Prank Alumbaugu to Mart
A Lkk, of Gre«-n Castle, Indiana.
Well, Frank, Is it possible that Oskaloosa. with
her scores of fair women, could not satisfy you J
We wish you both much joy in your new relation.
Fisher—Caret.— On the 12th Inst, at the resi
dence orß. II Kimball.orChicago.lll*., by Rev.
Dr. Helmer, Steve N. Fishkulo Miss BellCahbt
of Chicago, Illinois. No cards, Orinnell Herald.
A meritorious article is Hall’s Sicilian Hair Ra*
newer it t* rapidly becoming known aud widely
and d servedly popular. It 1* apparently nothing
in itself but an agreeably perfumed aud pleasant
hair dressing, but it comr in* the most wonderlul
curative properties for loss of hair, and alter using
it a short time grey hair Is restored to its natural
color. If any of onr reader* doubt it, let theta try
a single bottle ol the Renewcr,” and they will
add their testimonial to the traih of What we say.
HerUvul, Burlington, Ff.
OPINIONS.OF THE PRESS.
THE NEW YORK OBSERVER
II ARK ISON TP.
SCOTT TP.
OSKALoOSA TP,
WHITE OAK TP.
BLACK OAK TP.
Pit A 1 It IB TP
UNION Tl*.
PLEASANT GROVE TP.
MARRIED.
THE NEXT LEGISLATURE.
Official List of the Members of the 14th
General Assembly, as Canvassed by
the Census Board on the 28th inst-
Below wc give a list of the members of the next
Legislature—th names and districts as Canvassed
by the Census Board. We add the postofflee ad
dress so far as we know them. The names of Re
publicans are printed In roman, Democrats in
Italic
SENATE.
No. of
Dint. Name. P. O. Address. District.
1 ES McCulloch..'* Primrose Lee
2 J G Vale] Bouaparte Van Buren
3 HA Worm. Bloomfield Davis
4 E J Gault. Uentreville Appanoose
5 Martin Head. Corydon Monroe. <fcc
6 K A Dague. Osceola Clark. &c
7 K T Smith. Bedford Ringgold, &c
8J S Mclntyre Clarinda Adams. <kc
9 John Y Stone Glenwood Mills. &c
10 C Beardslev, Burlington Des Moines
11 J P West!! Mt Pleasant Henry
12 M A McCoid Fairfield Jefferson
13 «j II Merrill Ottumwa Wapello
14 J S Hurley i Wapello Louisa
15 J D Miles CrawfordsvilleWashington
16 S McNutt. Muscatine Muscatine
17 J W Havensi Sigourney Keokuk
18 J A Young Oskaloosa Mahaska
19 J L McCormick Knoxville Marion
20 M A Ua-hiel Hartford Warren
21BFMuriay r Wintered Adair, &e
22 Robt Lowrey Davenport Scott
22 II R Claussen Davenport Scott
23 A B Ireland Camanche Clinton
21 J C Chambers Springdale Cedar
25 .s' U Fairali lowa City Johnston
26 J 1* Ketcham Marengo lowa
27 J H Dvsart Vinton Tama. ±c
28 F T Campbell! Newton Jasper
29 B F Alien Des Moines Polk
80 L WSUuiart Maquoketa Jackson
31 Jno McKean Anamoaa Jones
32 E B Ke,.nardt Westerui Linn
31 J uo r-hane Vinton Benton
34 K H Taylor Marshalltown Mar-hall, Ac
35 Bti t.ichards Dubuque Dubuque
86 A Boomer Delaware
87 G W Bemis Independence Buchanan
88 J H Leavitt Waterloo Grundy, &c
89 U W Orary Clayton
40 Wm Larrabee Clermont Fayette
41 A’ tl Eini.e Allamakee
42 GR Willett Decorah Winneshiek
43 A Converse New Hartford Floyd, Ac
44 J E Burke Waverly Howard, Ac
45 G M Maxwell Cambridge lt>one. Ac
46 It A Howland Hampton Franklin, Ac
47 W H Fitch Lake City Sac. Ac
48 C Atkins! Onawa Shelby. Ac
49 J J Russell Jefferson Dallas. Ac
|j Those marked thus, were either members of
last Senate or hold over.
HOUSE.
No. of
Diet, Name. P. 0. Address. Diet.
1 IV Ballinger Keokuk Lee
C Schwtcr do
K 11 stexvurt do
2 J HCear Burlington Des Moines
B J Hall Burlington do
3J G New bold* Hillsb >ro Henry
J M II inenn Mt Pleasant do
4 W Hopkirk* Lockridge Jefferson
Ed ampbtll Fairfield do
5 S Whitten Keosauqua Van Buren
J K Wright Milton do
CSTCaldwell Kddyville Wapello
J U Carv*r Kirkvillc do
7 Isaac Blakely Davis
8 James Hilton Monroe
9 C B Miller* Moravia Appannooee
10 D J McCoy Chariton Lucas
11 JII Crawford Condon Wayne
12 F Teale* Decatur Csty Decatur
13 J T Rice Osceola Clarke
14 F M Davis (Quincy Adams
15 Andrew Johnson Ringgold, Jfcc
1*! Wm Butler* Clarinda paste
17 Alt Wright Emmerson Mills
18 W A Ttow Fremont
19 J Beresheim* Council BluflsPottawattamie j
20 Oliver Mills Lewis Cass, Ac
21 I) D Dyvisson Wintereet Madison
22 J M Lee I.acor.a Warren
23 B F Keablas* Pella Marion
1) T Dunham do
24 I. F Ellsworth Hopeweil Mahaska
W L McAllister New Sharon do
25 J Morrison jr* Butler Keokuk
J F Wilson do
26 CII Wilson Washington Washington
M Goodspced do
27 F A Duncau Columbs City Louisa
18 W O Evans* West Liberty Muscatine
E Pay Muscatine do
29 J 0 Tufts* Wilton June’nCedar
J W Beatty* Clarence do
30 J W Green* Davenport Scott
80 M J Kohls* do do
J H Freeman do do
31 .1 J Vandeveter Clinton Clinton
Geo Rule Wheatland do
N A Merrill DeWitt do
32 Jas Dunne Jackson
G C Ileberling Sabula do
83 Jno P Irish lowa City Johnson
Geo Pcil do do
31 .1 C Clark Marengo lowa
85 L E Cardcll J’owshiek
36 J A Hasson* Des Moines Polk
36 J M Tuttle do do
37 1 E Draper Prairie City Jasper
J P Beatty Newton do
88 II G V'anMetei DeSoto Dallas
39 Win Maxwell Stuart Guthrie, Ac.
40 C G Perkins Onawa Monona. Ac
41 P Codwell Magnolia Harrison
42 C J Krlcson Roonsboro Boone
43 W K Wood* lowa Center Story
14 Jas Wilson* Buckingham T.ima
45 E M Stedman Vinton Renton
F G»Clarke Belle Plain do
46 J L Williams Marshalltown Marshall
47 J S Met lure Linn
W D Litzenburg do
48 P G Bonewitz* Langworthy Jones
J Tasker Wyoming do
49 C II Booth Dubudue
49 F O' Donnell* do Dubuque
Martin E Eater
50 C T Pett Delaware
51 Flenniken Clayton
L Ruther do
52 Henry Dayton All-inakee
A Sundry
53 J M Hovey Buchanan
54 L L Ainsworth Fayette
55 K E Burgh Winneshiek
i W Dnnforth do
56 W W Blackman West Mitchell Mitchell
isl D B Hannan N Hampton Chickasaw
j 58 H O Pratt* Charles City Floyd
69 S A Skilled Br nier
6° G B Van Saun Cedai Falls Black Hawk
C Close Cedar Valley do
Cl S B Dumont* Union Ridge Butler
62 M A Leahv Hampton Franklin, Ac
63 L O Bliss lowa Fails Hardin
IM S B Hewitt jr Eagle Grove Wright. Ac
65 .1 F Buncombe Fort Dodge Webster
66 I) Secor Forest City Cerro Gordo
67 1C Strothers IColfe Kossuth
j 68 F A Blake Sioux Rapids Carrol. Ac
69 AR Appleton Sioux City Woodbury, Ac
I 70 H B ood Spencer Clay. Ac
Those marked thus were in the last House.
recapitulation,
I Total number of Senators 50
Republicans 42
j Democrats 8
i Total number members of House 100
Republicans 78
Democrats 22
Total number of Reps, in Legislature 120
j Dems 30
I Republican majority on joint, ballot 90
Number of votes nessarv to nomination iu Re
publican caucus 61
i Register.
B U SIN ESS NOTICES.
Twenty cents a line for each insertion
under this head.
Regular patrons with standing advertisement*
will be charged one-half these rates.
Evergreens by the 1000 from ti inches to
5 feet, very cheap, at the Oskaloosa Nur
sery. Bw3
Just arrived Cutlery, Glass and Queens
ware, new styles and cheap at
S. J. Dctton Co’s.
GO TO WARRINGTON’S NOW
and get those photos you have been talk
ing of so long. There is danger in delay.
Bw2
A CARD.
Mrs. Hannah Duke wishes to say to
those who have been unfortunate enough
to lose t hedr natural teeth, t hat two years
ago she had a set of teeth made by a cer
tain Dentist, which said teeth she never
could use with any comfort or to any ben
efit whatever. Last week she had them
remodled by Dr. Ellsworth of this city,
and now she has no hesitation in sayiug
that they answer every purpose as a sub
stitute for natural teeth. wl
Mrs. J. N. Trueblood also a set of
teeth that were entirely useless until Dr-
Ellsworth remodled them, and I now
cheerfully recommend him to the public,
wl L. W. Tuukbi.ood.
Go to the Star Bakery for cider for cul
inary or medical purposes. Only 50 cents
per gallon.
GROCERIES.
PROVISIONS and
FRUITS
low as the lowest at
S. J. Dutton Co’a.
Mitchell Wilson, the resident agent
of the Chicago Life Insurance Company,
has received the following from the gtner
al agent, showing that Compauy is yet all
right:
“Office of tub Chicago Life Ins. Co.,
Wes' Wa-hington Street.
Chicago, October 18th, 1871.
To our Policy Holders and Agents
This Company
in the terrible calamity of Sunday night. Monday
and Tuesday, October Bth, 9th and 10th. has
saved, by mean* of its lire proof vault*, all its
securities, monies, and records of all kinds com
plete. Ihe company has suffered no 10-s from
depreciation of securities, its mortgages in Chi
cago being almost wholly upon unimproved real
estate, and outside of tbi burnt district, aud in
no came are loans in excess ol fifty (.SOJ per cent
of the market value of the property before the
lute fire. Our loss has been simply upon office
furniture and blanks, and cannot be in excess of
Two Thousand is2,ooo] Dollar*. We were even
fortunate enougn, to have saved in original pack
ages in our vaults, a large quantity of blanks and
printed matter, so that we are prepared to re
sume business and furnish supplies to Agents
without delay.
We can assure alt Policy Holders and Agents that
our business from this date will be returned at
once, and that all losses, which may have occur
red in our late disaster [although up to present
date none are reported, J will receive prompt ad
justment and be paid at maturity.
Thankful for the kind Providence that has pre
served to us not only our lives and energies, but
our property, we know that our city will rise
again, and feel confident that our agents and pa
trons will still take a pride in building up an ln
atitution which, we hope, will In the future, as In
the past, bear worthily me name of Chicago. Our
patrons will please bear in mind that for the bet
ter protection of all Policy Holders we keep de-
Jiosited with the State Treasurer at Springfield,
1100 00.00 Our office for the present and until
nrther notice is at nB3V4 West Washington street,
where we shall be pleased to see our friend*, and
where all communications should be addressed.
J«9. W. Claff, Sac, W. X. Tcokeb, Fra*.
TEAS
very choice, (can free) said to be the best
in the State, at
S. J. Dutton Co’s.
You cau find the best 2 year old Cherry
trees grown any where, at the Oskaloosa
Nurserv
NOT SO!
The Washington Life Insurance Com
pany of New York —of which Messrs Bow
man Gadd art General Agents—is not
in any way connected with the Washing
ton Fire, which has GONE OUT. Trie
Securities of the Washington Life are im
perishable, for they are United Slates,
New York State, and Government Secur
ities. This wreck of Fire Insurance only
the more fully establishes the pcrmanancy
of Life Insurance Companies, and especial
ly the Washington. Btf.
A CARD TO OUt CUSTOMERS.
To you we are very thankful for the fa
vors you have sh nvn us in the past. But,
row harvest is over and time for settling
up is at hand, we w* u’d be v y much
obliged to h-ive you td- up your account,
as we are greatly in nc-d of irooey t<> went
our demands
Your-* Truly, I
s. J. Dutton Co. 4
WARRINGTON
is getting up some spice lid large works i
oflate. Christmas will .-''the here —go
now and get that present ready. Don’t
wait till the “last day in the afternoon.”
8 w 2
If you want any variety of apple trees
from 1 to 4 vrarp old, go to Oskaloosa Nur- i
scry, just north of Oskaloosa C* liege.
NEW MUSIC AND BOOK STORE.
STEINWAY, METFIUSHECK and F,M- j
MERSON PIANOS.
PRINCE, ESTEY and BURDETT OR- j‘
GANS.
Violins. Guitars, and all kinds of Musical
Merchandise kept constantly on hand.
Books, Toys and Stationery, at prices
which defy competition. Also tuning and
repairing of instruments by
Bwl N. F. REYNOLDS.
South side of Square, j
Call at O'-kaloosa Nursery for the oele-
brattd SPANISH KING PLUM, 2 years
ol 1. very line-, from 50 os to 75 ets each.
A FCEH LINGER,
the turner in word, ivory and all kinds of
metal, has turned tin and is stij] turning up
stairs a’ the Mahaska Planing Mills, near j
LeSuer’s lumber yard. Give him a call if j
you want turning done. Ho can turn any- j
thing from a Lucifer match to a sawing.
Bw2.
If you want any kind of Nursery stock,
call at the Oskaloosa Nursery, where A.
S. Nichols Co. will be happy to wait on
j you. Bw3
Boots and Shoes at. Wholesale prices at
Baldauf i: Co’s. They are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
We have about one hundred pounds of i
I feathers new and fresh for sale at fair
prices. Those w ishing to buy call at
M atm son A Bros.
Splendid assortment of new goods at j
Mitch Wilson’s.
NOTICE
Notice is hereby given that there will be
an Annual Meeting cf the Mahaska*Co.,
Agricultural Society, be! l it Union Hall;
in the city of Oskaloos on the second
Sat unity, 11th day of November, 1871, at
one o’clock p. m Let there be a full at
tendance, as there will be an election of
i officers, and other business w ill be trar.s
acted. W. S. Edgar.
Sec’y.
Milch Wilson has new goods at his cash
store.
Buck Gloves cheap at Mitch Wilson’s.
7w>
Fire in Chicago ard New Goods at Mitch
Wilson’s
Mea’s under-wear af Mitch Wilson’s.
APP -17 N I’ICES WANTED.
Two girls to learn the millinery trade
j ar Hyde Braden's under direction of
Miss Baehe, a fiist class milliner from Cbi
caso.
Cheao goods at Mitcii Wilson’s cash
i
I store.
I I Receiving New Goods at Mitch Wilson’s.
lithe way tiicv s«-l! is any indication of
their teas being superior to any in the
i j market, then M -.tfis in 8.-o’s arc ahead,
t Cali and gel a package. Gw2
l G• to Mitch Wilson’s and see new goods.
t REMEMBER
that you c an buy T! >ots and shoes at actual
l i cost at S. Baliiaut A Co’s wt stsideofpub
lie square.

YOU CAN SAVE
la* least one dollar on pair of Boots and
i j from 75 ets to SI.OO on Shoes by buying of
Baidauf Co. They sell at cost.
i
1 MONEY.
We have done the wmk and want our
I pay therefor. All those knowing them
selves indebted to ns for work will please
call and settle their accounts soon, as we
i wish to make ample arrangements for the
accommodation of all that may give ns a
1 call in the future
PERDUE STERLING
WHAT WE HAVE LEFT
Office of Dumont Hk»’s I ms. Agency,
Nov. Ist, 1871.
We desire lo call the attention of the
public to our card in another column. We
point with pride to the handsome exhibit
made by the staunch old companies com
prising the agency, and invite a critical
examination of tne list. Every company
named therein has gone through the great
Chicago tire and emerged from the smoke
andruins of that dire calamity “pur
ified as by fire.”
THE ROYAL OF LIVERPOOL, ENG.,
comes out this crisis as she has came out
of all the fire trials of the last quarter of a
century, with her great resources still
equal to all her hazards.
THE FRANKLIN, OF PHILADEL
PHIA, has been through the fire before,
lu the great St. Louis fireol ’4O, the Frank
lin paid the ci'iz' ks o! St. Louis four hun
dred thousand dollar* a larger sum will be
disbursed in Chicago, and yet leave her tiie
princely sum of two millions seven hun
dred and sixty-nine thousand dollars lor
the security of policy holders. With such
a record no other guarantee is needed.
THE UNDERWRITERS OF N. Y.,
promptly commenced the payment of Chi
cago losses, which amounted to uiue hun
dred thousand dollars. The demand lor
ihe Underwriter's policies has increased
her cash receipts lo such an extent as to
deprive the Chicago disaster ot much of its
formidable appearance
THE GRAND OLD FiICENIX OF
IIAK TFOKD, is left with more than a
million oi solid assets with which to tight
tire and meet any emergency tihe com
menced payment while poor Chicago’s
ashes were yet smouldering hot paying a
ten Ihousaud dollar loss on 1 hursuay,
three days alter the tire occurred. The
Phceuix will soon be able to say “every
Chicago loss has beta paid.” It is emi
nently worthy of public coutidence and
patronage.
THE SPRINGFIELD OF MASSA
CHUSETTS* is paying losses at Chicago
in cash as fast as they can be adjusted.
Alter all outstanding losses are paid, the
capital aud surplus ot the Springheld will
be over nine hundred thousand dollars.
THE HOME OF COLL’MU US,
was among lire ttrst companies to t egiu
adjustment of Fiie losses in Chicago. Uy
her prompt aud decided action she has
gained a business standing that could hot
have been gained in til icon years’ business.
No prouder array of choice companies
can be found at auy ageucy in the State.
No doubliul or badly crippled companies.
Each has a handsome surplus, and by
steadiness and decision in the tace of the
most adverse circumstances, all have given
the best possible guarantee for the future
DUMONT BROS.
Persons h3ViDg an eye to economy will
go to the cheap stoi c of Mattisou Bro’s.,
to buy their Groceries, Glass and Queens
ware, where they can find a large stock at
the lowest prices. fi-w2
YOU CAN SAVE
at least one dollar on a pair ol Bools, and
i from 75 cts to SI.OO on Shoes, by buying of
1 Baidauf Co. They sell at cos:.
I J. M. Moorehead has sold out his busi*
ness to Hyde Braden, and would ear
nestly request all hi 3 old customers to cet
tie their accounts immediately, as he has
deb's to pay and cannot do it without 3 our
help.
People wishing to purchase Groceries,
Glassware or Queenswarc, should not fail
to call at Mattison A Ilro’s., as they have
a complete st.,ck and gerer&lly sell a little
cheaper than most other houses.
REMEMBER
that jou iu buy Do«4sand Shoes at actual
cost at S. B-ddauf A Co’s wcstsideol pub
-3 ic square.
N«> ICIv
TO ALL WHO OWE US.
Wir need our money badlv and must
i haw a settlement. We have notified you
by letter amt through the papers. sou
pay no attention to it, and now we notify
each and every one, that a settlement we
must have by the Ist of November, or all
accounts and notes will be left with the
proper officers for collection.
4 Moorm an Green McQuiston,
One hundred thousand dozc-D eggs want
ed in the next thirty days, for which the
highest market price will be paid in cash.
3 4 Mattison <fe Bro.
.II’ST ARRIVED.
Mr. Henry Lich one of the best Cutters
ami Tailors’ engaged by
Morris L. Levi.
REMEMBER
that you can buy Boo's and Shoes at actual
CISU! s: Baidauf Co’s., west side of pub-
lie square
YOU CAN SAVE
at least one dollar on a pair of boots, urul
front 75rts to £i.<)o on shoes, by buying of
Baidauf Co. They sell at cost.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale prices at
Baidauf Co's. They are going to quit
the hoot, and shoe trade.
Boots and Shoes At wholesale prices ai
Baldaul Go’s. They are going to quit
ttic boot and shoe trade.
"i“;v r .UY B( DY’S MOUTH.
Braise ami Sozodont. —Greatest lux
ury ol uio les'n ’hues —beautifies and pre
serves the teeth The repulsive breath is
rendered a« fragrant as a rose, and cold
ness by friends, or in business, will now no
longer noticed.
Spalding’s Glue ntends broken toys, &c.
My superior workmen can please in
style and fit the most plainly dressed
Friend or the most fastidious City Gent.
Morris L Lf.vi.
REMOVAL.
Faxon Tuilis have removed their
office to the building known as Wray’s El
evator, opposite St. James Hotel, near
Central R. R. track, where they are pre
pared to buy all kinds of grain at the high
est cash price. All persons knowing
themselves indebted to them either by note
or book account, will do well to call at
once and pay up, as we mean to close up
all our old accounts immediately.
49 Faxon Tullis.
ALL THOSE KNOWING THEM
SELVES INDEBTED TO FAXON
A TULLIS, LOOK TO THEIR
INTERESTS.
Having sold .out our business we expect
those that owe Us to come forward and
set tie tlieir accounts and notes at once.—
II not settled or satisfactorily arranged in
the next thirty days, will lx- left for im
mediate collection. F. T.
Having sold out our grocery business,
now propose to pay strict attention to the
grain buying business We have an ele
vator here and also at Sharon, and we
thiiik we handle grain at a great deal less
expense tbau formerly and will always
give the highest market price. 46
Wedding suits a speciality.
Morris L. Levi.
A1 1 persons having Grain to dispose of
will make money by taking it to
Mattison <fc Bito’s.
Don’t buy :iuy Clothiug till >ou examine
the Mammoth stock nov. arriving at
Mokris L. Levi’s.
j
Moiini' L. Lf.vi is sending from New
York daily the latest and most fashionable
styles of Heavers. Broad Cloths, Cassimeres,
Tricos and Diagonals, to be made to order
and warranted t<. tit, in his merchant tail
oring establishment.
Oskaloosa Sept. 1871.
l';ire Whiskies and California Wine
for medical purposes kept constantly on
hand at Bekctilek Bros, east side of
square. Also cigars and tobacc'B. 50tf
All kind of Ready Made Clothing New
from the Eastern Mamifacturhs daily ar
riving now a*
Morris L Levi.
FREE! FREE!: FREE!!!
Go and get one H> of Choice Ua weighed
-.lit, (Nice can Free) prices from I,<>‘> 1 .Td
pr. lb
j We warrant our tea to be what we
say it is Choice.
S. J. Dutton Co.,
ELEY A rOit ELEVATOR
Having just completed the largest and
best Elevator on the line of the Central R.
K. at New Sharon, we are now' prepared
to handle all kinds of Grain at that poirt,
for which we will pay the highest cash
price.
49 Faxon <fc Tullis.
»I W. WHITE.
Dealer in FRUITS of all kinds.
BREAD.
CAKES, PIES,
CRACKERS of all kinds.
Hot Meals and Lunches at all hours of the
day. Ice Cream, Lemonade, &c. The
best. Old Steam Bakery, Oskaloosa, lowa
48 m 3.
LOCATED.
The South Western Grocery is now in
full blast, and R I*. Bacon is“Pyletng”out
to the dear people an entire new and
Fresh Stock of Staple and Fancy Grocer
ies. Call and see how it is done, at the
south-west corner of the Public Square.
N. B. Fresh Goods arriving daily. 36tf
Mitchell Purdy sell for cash, and will
j guarantee both goods and prices, to be as
good as the best and as cheap as the cheap
-1 o*t. 46
Prices reduced at S J. Dutton Co’s.,
on Dried and Canned Fruits, Tea, Coffee,
Sugar, Queensware, Glassware, and in fact
on all goods kept in our line. 40tf.
FOR SALK, WANTED, LOST, &c.
IjjtO” KENT.—A desirable houxe and lot to rent
iri uorih-oast part of town. For particulars
e-■quire of H. L. Spencer at wholesale grocery.
iOST,— A Gold Sleeve Button with Garnet set
jencircled by pearls, supposed to be lost be
tween the residence of C, T. Willard and Congre
gational cliU'ch The fluder will be liberally re
warded by leaving it at Trask Willard's or at
this office.
jA very body come (don" tall come at onct) and
rV'iiy a house and lot of T. F. Worden,oneblock
south of the Phillips Houxe.
FOR RENT.—The room now occupied by the
11 kuali) office, will be for xent some time next
month Enquiie on the remises or of Horace
Fisher.
E>OA>M)ING. —Persons wanting good, cheap
boarding, can be accommodated at Mrs vTan
dyke’s in south part of town near If ore and Slar
tinateinV Foundry. Enquire at house. 5w2
(jTItAYEf> From the subscriber, living two
l mile* north-easi of Oskaloosa, on Bth mo
1871, a black and white boar, no ear mark*,
weighing between 25« i and 3<>o pound*: Any per
son knowing hi* whereabout* would do me a
kindness by letting me know. 10 mo 7 1871.
ITViRM FOR SALE, —1 offer for sale very low
iny farm, consisting of 164 >4 acres, lying in the
north edge of Harrison Tp., three mile* from O*.
kuioosa, on the Eddyvitie road. Good etofy and
a half frame bouae, five rooms below, good cellar,
good frame barn, 30x48, well llniehed. Good
orchard in b. ariug, good well, etc. For terms
apply on the premises to
a-ly JOSEPH CARPENTER.
ff^SHOTCUN^
C\ BEST IN THE WORLD.toft
New York Office, 27 BEEKMAN ST.
william k sopher.
OSKALOOSA PRODUCE MARKET.
Wednesday, 3 p. m. November 1.
Wheat,.. 90
Corn, 20
Potatoes, 25 30
Oats, 20
Hogs, 3,25 3,50
Butter, 15
Eggs, 20
Flour 3,20 350
Wool, fleece washed .40 50
Wool, tub washed .50 60
Wool, unwashed -28 35
CHICAGO MARKET.
Chicago, Oct. 31.
WHEAT—No. 2, celling 1
No. 1. 1 22.
CORN—47%<a4B& tor No. 2.
OATS—3Oc lor No. 2.-
CATTLE—Common to choice butcher
cows aud steers 3 10(53 (50.
HOGS—Good to extra 3 95(g4 20.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A CARO.
till! publication ot my udvi-rtiaciceul last
week, unexpectedly to me. havj been invited to
take t: Chair of Mathematic* Ir. (vba!oo«a Col
lege. and have consented to ncc.-pt. i hope any
w !io mav have intended to he students in my
school will he satisfied with the mom iu arrange
ment. W'h The Improved and increased facili
ties tin.; •he College will afford nest year, i can
must it ■»riiiy recomnnnu all. amt especially m_\
former stiiucnts 10c1.u1-. V, c shall be abi- u>
furnish h.-K.-di.'.< *mi Tasunients at club rates
about #1 I*o per wo The apparatus and other
facilities of the lust itu: i>.i. wtll be roach enlarged
and improved. For garlic a Ur* apply for Cata i
logne. I Khali aid Professor- Carpenter and Gil
son in conducting the Normal Class now in ses
sion in the College. A. MULL.
n4otf
The Confessions of an Invabd.
Published as a warning, and lor the benefit ol
young men and others, who suffer front Nervous
ness. General Debility, Are., -applying the means
of self care.
Written by one who cured himself, and sent free
on receiving a post paid directed envelope.
Addres* Nathaniel. Mayfair.
nSt; Otn Brooklyn. N*V.
BOEIUI AYE’S
lIOLLAND BITTERS,
The celrbiated Holland Remedy for
FEVER AND AGUE.
IMsetue ot tlic Kidneys,
It) pepsin,
(f ,-atlui-lte,
nobility,
f iidlgoatlon,
iVCUCMK.
of Appetite,
Piles lu both Poi-uin,
And all diseases consequent upon a disordered
Stomach and liver.
LINDSAY'S IHPKhVKD BLOOD
KKAKCHBK.
Cities Erysipelas, Scrolula, Ulcers. Cutaneous
Diseases. Sore Eves, Pimples on the Face
Staid Heads, Mercurial Diseases, Debility
Sait Rheutn. etc.
JOHNSON’S It 81KI'.VIATIC CONI-
PoU N D.
One house in Massachusetts sold fifty botu.
Johnson's Rheumatic Compound, with the
agreement, no cun- money rclunded, and
has only had three bottles reiunded.
Why endure aching limbs and
stiff joints when there is such
a certain remedy.
Sold by
'R. E. SELLERS CO..
Pittsburg, Pa.
Prepared only by
VAN SCIIA A CK, STEVENSON liEID,
nio Chicago. Ills
jyssoLU rioN notice.
The firm or J. W. Walton Co., is this day dis
solved by mutual consent. All persons indebted
to them by book accotnv or otherwise are reques
ted to call on J. W. Walton, at the aid room,
northwest corner of the Square for settlement, as
the business of the firm must be settled up im
mediately J. W WALTON CO.
September 23, 1871. nBwB
INSURANCE
DlllftT BROS AGENCY.
COMPANIES, ASSETS. CHICAGO.
Royal Livorpool,
Eng. $9,620,205 SIOB,OOO.
Franklin, Phil., 3,268,918 500,000.
Underwriters’
Agency N. Y. 8,765,894 900,000.
Phoenix, Hartford, 1,781,180 750,000-
Springfield, Mass., 1,402,000 450,000.
Home, Columbus, 995,479 150,000.
Amazon, Cin. 500,000 Nothing.
Mutual Life ins
Co., N. Y. 4,600,000
$67,008,685 2,858.00 j
1
OSKALOOSA, IOU A.
We would say to thos*, wanting Mon aments,
Head and Tombstones or anything in the marble
line to give us a cal! before pnrchfteing. and save
money Shop 2 doors west Post Office,
LEGAL NOTICES.
IHF.RIFF’S SALE.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of aGener
al execution directed to me Irom the office ol
the clerk of the District Court of Marion county,
lowa, and dated Sept. 0, A. D 1871, I have
levied upon and will offer at Sheriff'll sale to the
highest bidder tor cash in hand, at the door of the
houxe in which the la*»t District Court wax held iu
MahaskaCo., lowa, on Saturday the 2d day of
Dee.. A. D IS7I. at the hour of one o’clock.
P. M. the following desetihed real estate in Ma
hsxka county. lowa, to-wit
The southwest qr of the north-east qr of sec
tion No. xix (6) township No seventy-six (76)
north of range No. seventeen (17) west.
Taken as the property of John W. Roark, to
satisfy theabove mentioned execution in favor
ef J. 1.. Savage, and against John W. Roark'
J. VV. HINES LEY,
8 Sheriff of Mahaska Co., lowa.
QHBRIFF’S SALE
Notice is hereby given, that oj virtue of a Spo
cia’. Execution direct id t;> me from the office
of the Clerk of the Circuit Court of Mahaska
County, lowa, and dated Sept. 22, A. D.
1871, I lia ve levied upon and wilt offer at Sheriff's
Sale to the highest bidder for cash in hand, at the
door of the house in which the last District Court
was heid, in said county, on.Thursuay the 80th
day of Nov.. A. D. 1871, at the hour of 1
o'clock, P. M., the following desciibed real es
tate, situated in Mahaska County lowa to-wit
60 acres off w side s w sec 35, Tp 76 nrl6 w.
Also beginning 6 chains ana 66 links s of n e cor
ner of seK n w sec 35. Tp 76 nrl6 w and run
ning thence w 15 chains, thence s 3 chains and 38
links, “hence el 5 chains, thence n 3 chains and 83
links to the place of beginning, containing 5 acres.
Taken as the property of W, R. Stanton to sat
isfy the above mentioned execution in favor of
John L. Bryan and against W. It. Stanton.
J. \V. HINESLEY.
n 7 Sheriff of Mahaska county, lowa.
THE 54th VOLUME.
For 1872.
THE ILLUSTRATED
PHRENOLOGICAL JOURNAL,
A FIRST CLASS
Family Magazine.
Phrenology.—The Brain and its functions
Location of the Organs, witn directions for cul
ture and training, and the relations Mind and
Body described.
Physiognomy. or the "Signs of Character
with illustrations, and how to read them,” is a
special feature.
Physiology and Anntoiuy.—The Organ
ization, structure and (unctions of the human
body; with the Laws of Life and Health. What
w o should eat and drink, how clothed, and how
to exercise, sleep and live, in accordance with
hygienic principles.
Portrait.*, sketches and biograyhies of lead
ing men and women iti all departments of life, arc
special features.
Parents, Tsarbers and other*.— As a
guide in educating and training Children, this
magazine has no superior.
Much general information on the leadiag topics
of the day is given, and no efforts are sparud to
mike this the most interesting and Instructive as
well as the Best Pictorial Family Magazine ever
published.
Established. —The Journal has reached Its
54th Volume. It has steadily increased in Tavor
during the many years it has been published, and
was never more populor than now.
Term*- Monthly, at $3 a year, In advance.
Inclose 15 cents for a sample number, with new
Piciorial Poster and Prospectus, and a complete
List of Premiums.
Address S. K. WELLS, Publisher,
389 Broadway, New York,
CASH
F O It
(3-B.ArKT
AND
AllKiilsofConitn Produce
AT THE
HIDE STORE,
Market Street, north of the Square. Ware
House at the Central Depot.
n 52 R. T. THOMAS CO.
SAVINGS BANK.
Union Savings Bank,
OSKALOOSA, IOWA,
Money Loaned, Notes Discounted. Government
Bonds, Gold. Silver and Sight Drafts on the IT in
cipai Cities of the United States and Europe
bought and sold. Also passage tickets to and
from nil the principal cities in Europe. Inuvps
allowed on deposits ol one dollar and upuardv
Revenue stamps for rale. Office hours Iroin S* a.
m. to 4 p. m
K. H. GIBBS, Pres.
11. L. GIBBS. Vice Pres.
ISRAEL M «IBBS. Jr Cash.
STREET COMMISSIONER’S NOTICE
City of Obkaloosa,
October, 23, JB7l.
To the owners of lots 7 and 8, block :s, See vers’
addition You are hereby notified to build side
walk along the south side of lots 7 and block
Secvcre’ addition to the city of Oskaloosa. b j,i
walk being a dnlv established side walk GiU
city.
7 W. 11. Simmons, St. Com.
NEW ADVERT IS EM EMTS.
GUNDUMN6O
The Wonderful remedy !<>r
V N* Lit. NY PHI LI M. Ml ICOIT I. I t.-
I'BIM, MU' RRKI .I|,insd AM «Tli
lt It IlkDMt HLOOI) IlDfiVb*.
i»;: i' 'l\ KtJENEhavivg just retnrni-j
Ecuador and hionglii wiihhtm t qn iiitt;;.
r J I uudiiritugo llark st-cun 1
tU> recommendation andrssistanee o: i:
Excellency the President 01 that Republic, w<-
are prepared to fill orders for it to a limited ex
tent, and at a price about on-quarter ol 1 hat
which the cost of the first very small snpplv coiii
polled us to charge.
A ItpnrloUM article is now advertised ami !>i
as Cundurango. We have, at n corstderahie ej.
and with the co operation of the authori
ties of Loja. the province where the plant grow-,
so directed thnchaiiiiel of our supply as to in
sure th.it none lust the ueiinlne article sheil
be sohl by u*. and we particularly call the atten
tion of the public. Tor their nro'ecMon, to this
fact. IStIN.H, KCL NIC A GO.,
Mt„ New York,
D. W. Bibs, M. D Wavhington, D C.: F.
Hii«s. M. D., New York: P. F Keene, M. D.;New
York.
A I|N)U U)f< l'H iUi-! J ‘o;
'.'Oil r
tkehm-. T”2.".rr 1
-v.i ail
r“r\ r-r- For one month to all who ask 101
I- r* p* R 75c to Jan 3. 8-3; $-».50 to Jnlv.
I 1 L. 72; #2.50 to Jan 73. Til KVB KTII
OI)|B’|', Every week a Lecture Room Talk by
Beecher; mon or .article byTalmadge, (second
only -o Beecher in popularity). Mrs willing's
great Serial Story exposing secret workings ol
Romanism in America, ard much other toed
reading. G Ilalstcad, 114 Nassau st.. New York.
IN p” Try Naiu pi on of our great 8 page
1- Iw #I.OO illustrated weekly—.3o years
I I JL L established. Fine steel engravings
free to subscribers. Agents make #5 a day. Send
tor Nafiirday Gazette. Hallowed Me.
ST. LOUIS LAW SCHOOL.
The regular annual term of this Law School
willopenon Wednesday. October 11th, IS7I
Full course, two terras, six months each. Stud
ents admitted to the senior class on examination
by application on or before October 7th 1871.
Tuition fee, #6O per annum, including use of li
brary. For particulars address
G. JTI. STEWART,
Acting Dean of Law Faculty.
203 North Third Street, Nt. Limit, Mo.
DITHRIDGE’ff
XX FLINT GLASS V
LAMP CHIMNEYS. P
Stand Heat better than any other mad e
Ask for Dlthridge’s ana tuke no other.
See that our name In on every box.
DITHRIDUE A* SOX, Ilti burgh, Pa.
Send for Price Ll«t.
T\ 1 mrumn Elicited by WIUNN A: CO.,
U ft I* U MTV Publisher* Scitntijk Amarlcan
lai cn l U1 37 park Row n
Twenty-five years experience.
Pamphlets containing Patent Laws with full di
rections how to obtain patents.
A hound volume of lis pages, containing the
New I’rnsni by counties and all large cities.
150 engravings of mechanical movements patent
laws, and rules for obtaining patents, milled on
receipt of cents
LADY AGENTS.
I Wanted in every county in this State, to whom
j steady, genteel and profitable employment can.bi
given. None but ladies that can give the best of
references need address FRAGRANT SAPOIEN E
Co.. Cleveland. Ohio.
830. WE WILL PAY 830.
Agen’s S3O per week to sell onr great and valua
ble discoveries. If you want permanent, honora
ble and pleasant work, apply for particulars.—
Address DYER CO., Jackson, Michigan
Agents profits per week. Will prove It
I. IU or forfeit SSOO. New articles, patented
July 13th. Samples sent free to all. Address W
H. CHIDESTER, 207 Broadway, New York.
OPIUM EATERS.
Opium habit thoroughly cured by our antidote.
Nearly five years of wonderful success. It is cheap
quick, and certain. Address with discription ot
case. Dr S G ARMSTRONG CO., Infirmary,
Berrien Springs. Michi an.
AVOID QUACKS.— a victim ol early indis
cretion. causing nervous debility, prema
ture decay, etc., having tried in vain every ad
vertised remedy has discavered a simple means
of self cure, which he will send to his fellow suf
ferers. Address J H REEVES, 7S Nassau St., N Y
THIRTY YEARS’ EXPERIEXf li
in the treatment of
Chronic ancl Sexual Diseases.
A PHYSIOLOGICAL VIEW OF MARRIAGE.
The cheapest hook ever published, containing
nearly 300 pages, and 130 hue plates and engre.i
ingofthe anatomy ot the human organs iu a state
of health and disease, with a treatise on early er
rors, its deplorable consequences upon the mind
and body, with the anther’s plan of treniment
the only rational and successful mode of cure.
shown by a report of cases treated. A truthful
adviser to the married and those cont inplating
marriage, who entertain doubts of their physical
condition. Sent free of postage to any ad
dress, on receipt of twen'y-five ce fs in stain us or
postal currency, by addressing Dr LA CROIX.
No. 31, Maiden Lane, Albany, N. Y". The author
may be consulted upon any of tlu diseases upon
which this book treats, either personally or by
mail, and medicines sent to any part ot’the world
MISCELLANEOUS.
A PROFITABLE BUSINESS.
Intelligent, active men or women, young or old.
can have pleasant, largely paying employment,
by taking an Agency In the C. s„ for
The Long; Looked for Masterpiece—-
The Crowning work of his Life.
HENRY WARD BEECHER’S
LIFE OF
JESUS i
CHRIST
Sure to outsell any book ever published. Pros
pectus books are now ready. and territory will
be awarded to RELIABLE AGENTS on early ap
plication. Terms liberal, apply to J. B. FORD
Co., 285 W. Madison St., Chicago, 111. 7w»
IT'S NO SOCH THING!
Sherm Hunt
never got tired of waiting on customer*,
but is still at the old stand in New Sharon,
ever ready and willing to help his friends
to or show them the best stock of
Aoiclml Mints
in the market. Also keeps on hand
Plaster Paris,
White Lime Cement,
Corn Shelters,
Feed Cutters,
Plastering Hair,
Bricks Seeds and
Tit llactni Chun.
We also have a large quantity of
OSLALOOSA COAL
We are now taking orders for
Hedge Plants,
from the best Nursery In the State, and all
wishing No. 1 Plants will do well to leavi
their orders, as we are about to send for
Foil and Spring supplies. With many
thanks for the liberal patronage of the past
we will try and merit the same in the future.
Yours Truly,
Nash’s Agricultural House! Nawßharon,
lowa. n <Mt