THE PEOPLE.
CONCORD, NOVEMBER 2, 1871.
The Elections -Next Week---New
York. o
On Tuesday next quite a number of State
elections will be held, the more important of
which are those in Massachusetts,New York,
New Jersey and Wisconsin. o
In Massachusetts nothing else than a Re
pliblican victory is to be expected. It is
true that there are four tickets in the field,
but a plurality vote elects, and as the matter
now stands there is no probability that Ad
ams will lead Washburn in the contest. Had
Ben. Butler concluded to carry out the threat
which he made previous to.the Worcester
Convention, the case would have been differ
ent, but as he preferred to labor for the ac
complishment of his own objects under gunise
of allegiance to the Radical party organiza
tion, and as the Labor Reform party in that
State seems t» have become pretty much de
moralized, nobody has reason to expect any
thing else than the election of Washburn,
and an overwheming Radical majority in the
Legislature, as usual.
In New Jersey it seems to be generally
conceded that the Democracy are ahead.
In fact, that State is naturally Demoeratic,
and could not have been carried by the Rad
icals last year, but for injudicious nomina
tions and temporary dissensions on the part
of the Democracy. This year the Demo
crats have the most popular candidate for
Governor that ever received a nomination
in the State, while there are no dissensions
in their ranks. The Radicals, on the other
hand, have an exceedingly unpopular can
didate for governor, and are weakened by
jealousies and rivalries among their leaders.
Unless railroad influence is brought to bear
in aid of the Radicals, the Democracy will
carry New Jersey by not less than five thou
sand majority.
The campaign in Wisconsin is being close
ly fought, and it is impossible to predictl
the result with any degree of certainty.
The Radicals have had a considerable ma-l
jority in the State for many years, though on
one occasion it was reduced to less than five
thousand but Mr.C.C.Washburne the Radi
cal nominee for Governor is not at.all popu
lar personally, and -his nomination was
brought about, moreover, by the active in
fluence of the Grant Administration against
the sentiment of the masses of the party or
the honest sentiment even of the majority of
the nominating Convention while Mr. Doo
little, the Democratic candidate, is not only
popular, but known to be both honest and
able. That the Radicals have been fearfal
of defeat in that State, is evident from the
fact that they have made the most desperate
efforts that they have made for years, and
have imported a numerous army of speakers
from other states to engage in the canvass.
It may be too much to say that Doolittle’s
election is probable, but it is certainly speak
ing within bounds to say that the chances
are even for the consummation of that ob
ject.
It is upen the New York election that pub
lic interest is chiefly centered. Ordimarily, a
Democratic majority of from thirty to fifty
thousand would have been conceded in that
State this fall; but the peculiar complica
tions that have arisen in that State, and es
pecially in New York City, during the last
few months, may materially affect the result.
At any rate, a feeling of uncertainty has
been occasioned, in some degree, thereby,
though there is, to our mind, no ground for
fear of a Democratic defeat. The outery
which the Radicals have made about the
Tammany frauds might have had the effect
to materially reduce the Democratic vote,
had it not been pretty well understood that
Radicalism was primarily responsible for
those frauds, and were it not also well
known that it now sustains a notorious swin
dler at the head of the New York Custom
House,who, under Grant and Conkling, con
trols the machinery of the Radical party in
the State, directs the management of its
Conventions, and dictates its nominations,
despite the denunciations of the Tribune and
all other honestly inclined Republican news
papers in the State.
The straightforward and patriotic course
of the Democratic State Convention at Roch
ester,in repudiating Tammany and denounec
ing the corrupt practices of the Tammany
leaders, has satisfied all fair-minded people
of the honesty of the party generally, while
the failure of the Radical Convention at Syr
acuse to rebuke Radical corruptionists, eith
er in New York or at Washington, cannot
have operated to strengthen public confi
dence in the honesty of that party. More
over, if the local divisions among the Dem
ocracy of New York City have a tendency
to weaken the cause, it is also true that there
is not that perfect harmony in the Radical
ranks which some people would fain believe.
While the T7ribune eontinues to denounce
Collector Murphy, whom it pronounces a
criminal guilty of fraud on the Government
which should have sent him to Fort Lafay
ette” and a shoddy contractor, swollen with
‘‘robberies from our soldiers,” the Spectator,
a Grant organ, discourses as follows:
The Tribune continues to labor earnest
ly to elect the State ticket and to encourage
our friends in the country by persisting in its
war upon Collector Murphy. It is fearfully
shocked at Mr. Murphy’s past history, but it
closes its eyes to the infamous character of
the men nominated to the Legislature by the
friends of Fenton and Greeley. It palavers
every now and then about the removal of
certain parties who held Federal offices in
this city. It parades General Palmer as a
pure and spotless patriot, who, on different
occasions,was arrainged before the Legisla
ture when Commissary-General under Fen
ton for his connection with a notorious gun
contract. The history of the Commissary-
General’s Department during Palmer’s man
agement was as infamous as anything on
record. We propose to show what interest
Greeley and his partner have in gun con
tracts, Congressional and legislative jobs.
Greeley and his crowd will have enough of
this fight after election. The attacks of the
Tribune on Collector Murphy mean evil to
the State ticket and nothing else, and the
sooner the Republicans in the country un
derstand this, the better.”
This does not look like peace and harmo
ny, nor does it go far toward establishing
the fact of general Radical honesty.
Were there no dissensions among the op
position in New York and no taint of dis
honesty and corruption attaching to its lead
ers, there might be even strong danger of
Democratic defeat, but as it is, we repeat,
we fail to see anything of the kind. That
the Democratic State Committee feel a rea
sonable assurance of success is evidenced
by the following brief address, recently is
sued
Stare Com.Roowms, St. Nicuoras HoTgL,
New York, Oct. 20, 1871, _
The State Committee have news of the
most encouraging character of the pro%;ess
of the canvass throughout the State. Har
mony upon the State ticket is secured. The
decisive action of the Rochester Convention,
and the prompt and efficient measures of
the Governor and Attorney-General on the
side -of Reform, have conciliated public
opinion and consolidated the Democratic
masses in support of the State ticket.
There will be contests in respect to the lo
cal nominations here, but there is every in
dication of a satisfactory majority for the
general ticket. Let the Democracy of the
country do ther full dut;f, and success is as
sured. S. J. TipexN, Chairman.
Ww. Cassipy, Sec.
Yet while we feel reasonably certain that
the Democracy of New York will retain
their ascendancy in the State, it is not to be
denied that a Radical triumph is among the
possibilities. The-Administration will do its
utmost to secure such a result, for upon that
depends the re-election to the Senate of Ros
coe Conkling, who is one of the most rotten“‘
and unscrupulous, and therefore most favor
ed supporters of Grant; and while crying
out against the frauds of Tammany,the Rad
ical managers will use money by thousands
and hundreds of thousands which their own
‘corrupt tools have stolen from the people.
Let the Guilty be brought to Justice,
~An action has been commenced in the Su
preme Court against Wm. M. Tweed, E. A.
Woodward, James H. Ingersoll, and An
drew J. Garvey, of New York, to recover
‘the amount of $6,312,541.37, alleged to have
been fraudulently misappropriated, and con
verted to their use.
Mr. Tweed was arrested on Friday last,
in bis own office, by Sheriff Brennan, and
immediately gave bonds, in the sum of $2,-
000,000, for appearance in court, his bonds
men being Jay Gould, Terrence Farley, Ber
nard Kelley, and Hugh J. Hastings, editor
of the Commercial Advertiser. The case
is to be tried in Albany, it being considered
necessary to go out of the county to secure
an impartial trial.
This is the first actual movement in the
work of bringing the Tammany swindlers to
justice. That it will be carried through, and
law and justice be vindicated at last, is to
be hoped by honest men every where, nor
do we know as it is doubted that it will be.
The B.adxca.l newspapers are apparently
insane with delight over the arrest of Mr.
Tweed, and in the excess of their joy they
take no pains to conceal the motives by
which they are inspired. They do not re
joice that a criminal is likely to be brought
to justice, that a public robber is to be com
pelled to disgorge a portion of his ill,gotten
plunder—nothing of the kind. They rejoice,
rather, that the leader of Tammany is dis
graced, that a heretofore prominent Demo
crat is proceeded against for official robbery.
They are not pleased at the prospect of put
ting an end to the operations of dishonest
officials, but rather that Deniocratic officials
have been dishonest, and that their dishones
ty has been made known. They rejoice in l
the existence of corruption and dishonesty
in fact, so that Democrats shall be made to
bare the blame. And that is the fall meas
ure of all this anxious solicitude of the Rad
icals, for the public weal!
The Democracy everywhere desire the
prosecution and punishment of thieves and
robbers, whether official or otherwise, not
because they are Radieals or Democrats, but
because they are thieves and robbers. For
this reason the Democrats of New York, are
moving against the Tammany leaders, (for
they are Democrats, chiefly, who are moving
earnestly in this matter, though the Radical
papers carefully avoid stating this fact,) and.
while they are thus moving, the ex officio
head of the Radical party persists in keeping
a branded swindler at the head of the New
York Custom House, and through him con
trols the management of the party machinery
in the State! With this fact staring the peo
ple in the face, with what grace can the Rad
icals continue their outery against the Tam
‘many Democracy
We have no word of apology to offer for
‘any Democrat who defrauds the people.
‘When he does that, he ceases to be a Demo
‘crat, and becomes a thief. If the leaders of
‘Tammany have stolen their millions from
the city treasury, they should be made to
disgorge to the last dollar, and should be
punished as criminals into the bargain. But
while we would see impartial justice dealt
out to them, we would see thieves and cor
ruptionists elsewhere punished. While the
men who have misappropriated millions of
dollars in the city of New York are being
called to account, we wish to see those who
have misappropriated hundreds of millions
from the Federal treasury also brought to
justice. The astounding fact stands out be
fore the people of this country, upon the
authority of the Secretary of the Treasury
himself, that since the close of the late war,
the Federal Government has drawn from the
people by taxation the immense sum of s4,=
662,000,000—a1m05t five billions of dol
lars!. Enough, and more than enough to
have wiped out the entire national debt, be
sides paying every cent of the legitimate ex
penditures of the government; and yet the
debt remains, and the outrageous burden of
taxation continues, that a Radical President
may indulge in the luxury of a MAHOGA
NY BARN, a la Tweed, and thousands of cor
rupt officials and swindling contractors, all
over the land, may continue to pile up im
mense fortunes at the expense of an oppress
ed people.
Great is Radicalism, and great is the vir
tue of the Radical party
Not Just Yet.
Whenever the Radicals win a victory, no
matter where or under what cireumstances,
there are a few enthusiastic individuals,
some of them connected with the Radical
press in this State, who immediately feel
called upon to cry out that the Democratic
party is dead beyond all hope of resurrec
tion, and suggest the propriety of holding a
funeral and burying the corpse at once.
Since the eleetions in Ohio and Pennsyl
vania came off, these same enthusiastic indi
viduals have been calling out as usual for a
grand Democratic funeral. They claim to
believe that there is no possible hope
for Democratic success in the future, that
the result in those States settles the matter
conclusively and forever, and they are a
good deal provoked because Democrats gen-
erally do not agree with them in the mat
ter, and peacefully submit to the burial of
their party organization.
Now let us see just how the matter
stands—let us see if the result of these elec
tions proves what these enthusiastic Radicals
claim. We have only to look at the figures
to get at the exact situation of affairs.
According to the official statement of the
vote 218,105 Democrats voted in Ohio at the
last election, and 238,273 Radicals; while
in Pennsylvania 269,509 Democrats, and
283,999 Radicals voted, showing a total of
487,614 Democratic and 522,272 Radical
‘votes in the two States. In other words, in
a total vote of 1,009,886 the Radicals cast a
majority of 34,558; or, to bring the matter
down to the finest possible point, the Radi
cals cast about three votes in every hundred
‘more than the Democrats.
We hardly think the situation either calls
for or warrants the holding of a Democratic
funeral just yet. The corpse is a very live
ly” one, and it will take several proclama
tions of martial law in the South, and a
pretty free use of bayonets, to prepare it for
burial. In the meantime there may be other
corpses to attend to.
The deluded individuals who suppose that
Grant has given up the San Domingo job
will soon learn the error into which they
have fallen. The American war vessels are
kept in Samana Bay for the protection of
the usurper Baez, who isnow planning war
against Hayti, with the hope of annexing
that portion of the country, so that the whole
island may be offered when the scheme is
next broached, as it is sure to be next win
ter.
One of the main items of proof of corrupt
practices, shown against the New York
Tammany leaders, is their suddenly acquir
ed wealth. If this is evidence of corruption
what shall be said in the case of scores of
Radical Congressmen who have piled up
vast fortunes in the space of a few years?
What shall be said of Grant himself, who
went into the White House a poor man and
now counts his wealth by millions
From the official statement of the vote in
Ohio, it appears that Noyes' majority over
McCook is 20,186. The Republican vote is
16,560 larger than last year, and the Demo
cratic vote, 13,090 larger.
Martial Law in South Carolina.
The infamous and totally unjustifiable con
duct of U. S. Grant in proclaiming martial
law and suspending the writ of kabeas cor
pus-in several counties in §outh Carolina has
created a perfect reign of térror in an other
wise peaceful éommunity. A correspondent
of the N.'Y. World, writing from Spartan
burg, one of the counties covered by the
President's proclamation, under date of QOct.
T 3
‘“The President’s proclamation of martial
law has caused a reign of terror in this sec
tion of the country. Not in the darkest days
of the rebellion, when the cradle and grave
were robbed so fill the ranks of the army;
when the country was loud with the wail of
the widow and orphan, was such distress
and suffering known. -No military edict has
ever caused such heart-rendiné suffering as
this proclamation from the KExecutive of a
free rePnblic. Neighborhoods are depopu
lated, farms are deserted, families scattered‘
to the four winds of heaven, so Feat is the
terror. This might seem to imply guilt in
every one, but not so: our population is a
moral one, especially near the mountains.
They don't understand what is ‘meant by
martial law. They have an exaggerated
notion of it, hence they flee the country, not
from a consciousness of guilt, but from ap
prehensions of some imaginnary danger.”
An Augusta despatch of the 26th ult.
says:
Advices from York County, South Curo
lina, where the habeas eorgus has been sus
pended, state that arrests have been made
and the parties lodged in the county jail.
Numbers of men are leaving the county,
their deserted families suffering. Business
of all kinds is snsg:nded. It is reported
that one-half of the male population of
Chester County has left, leaving women and
children unprotected. In Spartanburg and
Union Counties the sta.m¢de and suffering
are even greater than in York and Chester
Counties, and it is impossible to conceive the
terror and excitement that prevail.
~And yet, in thisvery county of Chester, one
‘of the nine counties against which our ‘‘gift
‘ed President” has hurled the thunderbolt of
martial law, the Circuit Court is in session,
and there has been a sitting of the grand
jury since the issue of the President’s proc
lamation, which grand jury, composed of
half whites and half negroes,; was especially
charged by the presiding judge, if they
knew anything of any such outrages as the
proclamation alleges to have been commit
ted, to inquire into the matter and make a
full presentment. The grand jury attended
to its duty and made presentment, con¢lud
ing as follows:
“We, the Grand Jurors, upon our oaths,
are compelled to say, from the testimony
which we have taken and from our knowl
edge of the different parts of the county,
that the allegations contained in the procla
mation of the President of the United Siates
are without foundation, and must be the re
sult of falsehood ecommunicated to him by.
persons equally regardless of good order and
the peace of society.”
The Radical papers are circulating the re
port that the Ku Klux are giving them
selves up” in great numbers, that they are
anxious to turn State’s evidence,” and all
that; but while it is true that some persons
have surrendered to the military, it is also
true that they are mostly ignorant men from
the mountain region, whose offence consists
in carrying on an illicit business in the man
ufacture of whiskey, instead of being en
gaged in any acts of outrage or violence,
and a goodly proportion of whom are Radi
cals themselves.
This grand Ku-Klux hunt which Grant
and his advisers have instituted is not only
the greatest humbug, but the greatest out
rage which has yet been perpetrated by this
most iniquitous Administration. The fact
is becoming more and more patent to every
body that it has been gotten up simply and
solely for the purpose of intimidating the
people, and preventing a free expression of
the popular will at the polls; and that it has
no particle of justification in faet.
Texas.
It was intimated some time sinee that, al
though the Democrats had carried Texas by
large majority, and elected all their candi
dates for Congress, the Radical managers
‘might decide to nullify the election so far as
the Democrats were concerned, by counting
out the votes of Democratic counties, upon
some pretence or other, so as to leave a ma
jority for the Republican candidates.
It seems that they have actually resolved
upon such a course, and have commencedi
operations by throwing out the votes of two
counties in the Third Congressional District,
which gave Giddings, the Democratic candi
date, a majority of over sixteen hundred,
thus leaving the Radical candidate, Clark, in
a majority, and have given Clark a certifi
cate of election. The same despatch that
gives this information says only one Demo
crat out of the four elected will receive a
certificate. Degener, one of the Radical
candidates, to whom it is proposed to issue
certificates, refuses to receive one on the
ground that his-opponent received a majori
ty of the votes. A man who has conscien
tious scruples of that character cannot long
remain in the Radical party. He will be de
nounced as a ‘‘copperhead” and a vile trai
tor for presuming to suggest that the will of
the people ought to be respected in any case
‘where it does not coincide with the will of
the Radical leaders. They will probably
fine some other man, who received no votes
at all, who will have no such scruples
‘against receiving a certificate.
And this is the way in which the party of
great moral ideas guarantees a Republican
government. It is only a slight advance
from the plan adopted in Connecticut last
spring, by which a Radieal governor was
placed in the chair to which the people had
elected a Democrat. Suppose Gov. Weston
should be re-elected next March by 1000 ma-
Jjority (he probably will be by twice that),
and suppose the Radicals should secure a
majority in the Legislature (which they will
not do if Democrats do their duty), the Rad
ical majority could just as rightfully throw
out the votes of Grafton and Coos, and de
clare their candidates elected, as the Radi
cal authorities in Texas can pursue the
course which they are pursuing.
Baut let the outrageous work go on. Jus
tice will be done at last.
The Radical leaders in New York are
making a special effort to carry the Legisla
ture. They even contend that the only hope
of securing honest government in New York
City is through a Republican Legislature.
Do these men suppose that the people have
forgotton that a Republican Legislature in
stituted the system of Commissioners under
which all these disgraceful swindling prac
tices had their origin? Ifso, they are most
thoroughly mistaken. The people have not
forgotten this, nor have they forgotten that
the last Republican Legislature of New York
was so utterly and recklessly corrupt that
even a prominent journal of that party at
the time of its adjournment felt compelled
to speak of it as follows:
The annual session of the Legislature has
ended. The occasion is one of devout thank
fulness. This Legislature has been a dis
irwe, and will be a lasting dishonor upon
the State. It has been rotten with corrup
tion and venality, and every honest citizen
will thank heaven that its career is closed.
It has had predecessors that were rankly
offensive, but none that have approached it
in debasement of the ipublic interest, and in
deﬁmdation of individuals whose opinions
and votes have been common merchandise.”
The Senatorial canvass in Ohio, is said to
be more uncertain than ever. The adher
‘ents of Sherman, Schenck, Delano and Gar
field are busily and earnestly at work for
their respective fovorites, and in the midst
of the contest it isthought to be not at all im
probable that the Democrats and some of
the Revenue Reform Republicans, may unite
and elect ex-Secretary Cox.
The Radical majority in Pennsylvania at
the late election was 14,490 in a total vote
of 558,508,
Schénck on Grant.
A correspondent of the Buffalo Courier,
who has often met and conversed with Mr.
Schenck, Grant’s Minister to the Court of
St. James, takes occasion in a recent issue
of that paper to inform the publi¢ just what
that individual thinks of Grant. ’f.'éuring a
‘particular interviow to which he especially
refers, this correspondent says:
Gen. Schenck in substance said that, as
chairman of the military committee, he had
been forced into intimate official relations
with Gen. Grant, then commander-in-chief,
and he expressed for Grant the utmost con
tempt. Among other incidents he related
that, while framing the bill for the reorgan
ization of the army, and ﬁxixag the pay of
the different grades, he visited Grant to get
certain information, and among other things
inquired the amount of his (Grant’s) montﬁf
ly comtEensation. In reply, Gen. Grant
stated that he did not know, and referred
him to a staff officer who gave him a false
statement on the subject.
Gen. Schenck also stated that, after the
elections of 1866, which generally resulted
in the success of the Congressional party
over the policy of Andrew Johnson, Gen.
Grant sent for him (Schenck), and declared
himself in favor of the policy of Congress.
Gen. Schencek replied: If gou are so, it is
a new thing with you, and only brought
about by the result of the late elections;
heretofore you have been against us, and
with Andrew Johnson.” In answer, Gen.
Grant said he was only a soldier, and had
never taken a.nly{' interest in public questions.’
Gen, Schenck summed up Gen. Grant by
saying that ‘‘he never in his life had met
with any person who had had the advanta,
of association with well informed peop%:
who was so grossly i¥norant upon every
subject that an ordinari y-intelli%ent citizen
ought to understand as Gen. Grant,” and
that morally and intellectually he was be
low any man whom he had ever known in
public life”; that Grant’s ruling passions
were envy, hatred and avarice; that he
would never forgive any person who spoke
slightingly of himself,. or who praised a
rival, unless the offender would minister to
his most ignoble passion (avarice) by a pres
ent; that he (Grant) would accept any
present from any person, from a ten-genny
nail to a hundred thousand dollars, and that
a valuable present would influence him in
the discharge of the most important public
duties and finally that Grant sought the
Presidency tor the money that he could
make out of the position, and to attain it
was ready to avow an¥ class of opinions
dictated to him by-his political trainers.”
Mormon Aflairs.
The Manchester Mirror accuses us of de
fending polygamy, though it has no shadow
of just foundation for the charge and only
makes it out of pure cussedness.”
We did express the opinion, however,
that the course which the Administration is
pursuing in the matter of the prosecutions
against the Mormon leaders is improper
and unjustfiable, and not calculated to effect
the desired object, and we adhere to that
opinion. It may result in driving the Mor
mons from Utah, and from the territory of
the United States, and it is already intimat
ed that they contemplate burning all their
possessions which cannot be removed, and
taking a new d?arture,” unless the prbs
ecutions are stayed. But, we submil that
this is not what is desired. It is the sup
pression of polygamy which honest men de
sire, and that in a way that shall not work
harm to innocent people, like the deluded
women and helpless children among the
Mormons.
The following suggestion in an article in
the New York World is sensible and to the
point:
Clearly this is not a question for the jury.
But it is a question for the powers that be,
both executive and legislative, who are the
real movers in this prosecution. Ifthe Mor
mons are punished for pol‘y%amy the burden
of their punishment will fall not upon the
male Mormons, but upon the deluded wives
and the innocent children, whom they will
be discharged from a legal obligation to su
})ort, although they will retain the moral og:
i§ation which they have never hitherto fail
ed to recognize. All the wives but the first
and all their children will be left without a
claim upon anybody, and with no status be
fore the law. In practice perhaps this posi
tion will not amount to much, since the
husbands and fathers have all along done
what legal proceedings could not have con
strained them to do. But if the husbands
and fathers are locked up, their wives and
children will certainly suffer, if they do not
starve. Their misery will be chargeable
upon the government which has prosecuted
them. Of course our virtue oufht to be
vindicated. But ought we to vindicate it at
the expense of a whole community, when it
is certain that in a very few years the re
proach will be removed without any inter
vention of ours?
Supreme Judicial Court.
Warren M. Kelley vs. Alfred T. Martin
and Lois T. Martin. This action was brought
to recover damages for the alle’gted burning
by the defendants of the plaintift’s buildings
in Hooksett, in November, 1862. The evi
dence showed that a bitter hostility had ex
isted between the familie’s for several years
before the fire. The testimony, however,
was wholly circumstantial in relation to the
charge brought against the defendants. The
trial occupied the court nearly all of last
week, and resulted in a disagreement of the
jury. The case was tried once before, in
April, 1870, the jury then disagreeing. Mor»
rison Stanley, and Marshall Chase, for
plaintiff; Minot, Tappan Mudgridge and
Clark Huse, for defendants.
Thé jury in attendance during the last two
weeks were excused on Saturday, and a new
jury came in Monday. Their names and
residences are as follows: Boscawen, Ben
jamin F. Hoit; Canterbury, John K. Han
cock Chichester, John Fellows; Concord,
Ward 3, Omer L. Shepard; Waid 4, Jona
than E. La.nﬁ; Ward 6, Benjamin A. Kim
ball, Moses A. Smith; Ward 7, William H.
Currier Charles Flanders; Dunbarton,
Harris E. Ryder Epsom, Lowell Eastman;
Franklin, Lorenzo D. Stevens; Henniker,
Albert C. Clark; Hill, Curtis N, Blake;
Hooksett, Charles Bailey; Loudon, Henry
T. Carr; Newbury, Jonathan H. Maxson;
New London, }ohn Robey; Northfield,
James N. Forrest; Pittsfield, Charles Rog
ers; Salisbury, Andrew H. Parsons; War
ner, Abner Sargent; Webster, Frank L.
Burbank Wilmot, Geo. W, Atwood.
—Mr. C. C.. Webster, who has been in the
grocery and grain trade in Concord for over
twenty-five years, has entered into an ar-
rangement to go into the wholesale busingss
in Boston, commencing on the first of April
next. In the mean time he will be busied
in disposing of his large stock of goods in
Phenix Block. He also offers his fine resi
dence at the South End for sale. Particulars
in our adveitising department.
—No family outfit is now complete witht
.out a sewing machine. To undertake to dg
the family sewing without one would be liké&
setting aside our beautiful steam press, and
undertaking to print the large edition of
Tur ProrLE on an old-fashioned hand press
—a process so slow that the entire week
would not be long enough to accomplish the
job. It is just so with the sewing machine.
In skillful hands, more can be accomplished
in one .day than in the whole week by the
slow process of hand sewing. Mr. Drew,
in Merchant’s Block, can substantiate our
assertions in this respect to all who will call
upon him, where he keeps all kinds of these
machines, which he offers on the most favor
able terms.
—The Governor and Council at their
meeting last week,appointed Frank H.Hills,
of Keene, Register of Probate for Cheshire
County; and John Hosley of Manchester,
A. B. Holt and Chas. H. Norton of Concord,
a committee to take account of the property
at the State Prison. A prisoner from Hud
son, named Jones, who was serving out a
term of four years, was pardoned. He is
far gone in consumption.
~—-The ordinance in relation to the Long
Pond water-works passed the Board of Al
dermen, Saturday. In the Common Council
it was referred to the Committee on Bills on
Second Reading. 4
—A large amount of Michigan apples has
recently arrived in this city. They sell for
from $3 to $5 per barrel.
Mr. Jason French of Keene, was compli
mented wiih a Justice of the Peace commis
sion, atthe recent session of the Governor
and Conneil.
Death of a Vemerable Statesman.
Another statesman of the old school, one
of the compeers of Clay, Calhoun, Webster,
Benton anxfCass. haspassed away. Thom
mas Ewing died at his home in Lancaster,
Ohio, on the 26th ulf, at the ripe old age of
eighty-one years. He died easily and natu
rally, as though entering upon a peaceful
slumber, his family and friends being in at
tendance at his death-bed. He had been ill
for some time, and no hope of his recovery
had been entertained.
'Mr. Ewing was born in Ohio County, Vir
ginia, Dec. 28, 1789, but removed with his
parents to Ohio in his infancy, the country
then being an almost unbroken wilderness.
His father, who had been a soldier in the
Revolution, was in reduced circumstances,
and consequently young Ewing had to de-‘
pend upon his own exertions for his own ad
vancement. His only opportunity for study‘
in his early years was such-as was afforded
by the winter evenings, the light of the fire
place; and the few miscellaneous books
which came within his reach. Atthe age of
twenty years he commenced laboring in the
salt works at Kanawha, where he remained
two or three years till he had earned money
enough to pay off a mortgage upon his fa
ther’s farm, and enable him to enter the
Ohio University at Athens, from which he
graduated with high honors, being the first
person upon which the degree of A. B. was
conferred by the University. Ie studied
law, and was admitted to the bar in 1816.
He soon acquired an extensive practice, and
distingunished himself in both the State and
United States Courts.
In 1831, Mr. Ewing entered the United
‘States Senate from Ohio, where he soon dis
tinguished himself as one of the ablést of
the Whig leaders, and was identified with
many of the leading party measures. At
‘the expiration of his Senatorial term he re
turned to private life and the practice of his
profession; but on the accession of Gen.
Harrison to the Presidency he was appoint
ed Secretary of the ,Treasury, which office
he retained under President Tyler, until the
President’s veto of the bank bill, which Mr.
Ewing had drawn at his request upon all
‘the members of the Cabinet except Mr.
Webster resigned. When Gen. Taylor be
came President, Mr. Ewing became Secre
tary of the new Department of the Interior,
but on the death -of Gen. Taylor, achange
was made in the Cabinet, and Mr. Corwin
of Ohio was made Secretary of the Treasury,
and Mr. Ewing was appointed by the Gov
ernor to serve out Corwin’s ‘unexpired term
in the Senate. Y 0
In 1851, he retired finally from public life,
but has been more or less engaged in legal
practice since that time. He was father of
Ger. Thomas Ewing, Jr., now a prominent
leader of the Ohio Democracy, and father
in-law of Gen. Sherman.
Death of General Anderson.
Gen. Robert Anderson, of Fort Sumter
fame, who has been ill in Europe for sever
al years past, living in destitute circumstan
ces, uncared for by the government which
bestowed a/pension of three thousand dollars
upon Lincoln’s spendthrift widow, died at
Nice, on Thursday evening last. The cable
despatch announcing his death says he had
been in Nice but about three weeks, having
gone there from Venoy in the hope that the
change would be beneficial to his health.
His family were with him at the time of his
death. His remains will be brought home
for interment, on board the U. S. ship Guer
riere.
The following brief sketch of the hero
whose praises were once on the tongues of
the people through the whole North, but
who was suffered to die in poverty in a for
eign land by the government whose official
head has placed a rebel General in a fat
berth at New Orleans, and given another
rebel officer a position in the Cabinet, which
.we find in one of the New York papers, may
be ofinterest
From the outbreak of the war on the se
cession of the Confederate States Robert An
derson has occupied a prominent position in
the history of America, and the news of his
death will bereceived throughoutthe country
with unfeigned regret. He was born in Ken
tucky in 1806, graduated at West Point in
1825, and on the Ist of July of that year re
ceived his first commission as brevet second
Jicutenant of Second Artillery. During the
Black Hawk war he was inspector-general
of the Illinois volunteers, and in that capac
ity served with Abraham Lincoln. In 1835-
37 Robert Anderson was assistant instructor
and inspector of the West Point Military
Academy, and during the Indian war in
Florida ge was aid-de-camp to General Scott.
For his successful conductin the Florida war
he received, in August, 1838, the rank of
brevet captain. He accompained General
lSoott through the Mexican war tntil the fall
of the City of Mexico, particularly distin
§uishing himself at the battle of El Molino
el Rey. His gallant and meritorious con
duct on this occasion was rewarded by his
promotion on the Bth of September, 1847, to
the rank of brevet major. When Fort Sum
ter was built, Major Anderson was appoint
ed commander of it and of all the works
round Charleston. Anticipatin® the out
break of hostilities in consequence of the
spread of the secession movement, he concen
trated his forces within Fort Sumter. The
story of that fort is the story of Major An
derson, and it was because of his gallant de
fence when the stronghold was beleaguered
by the confederate forces under Beauregard,
on the 12th ot April, 1861, that hisname be
came famous not onlivl in every household in
this country, but throughout the whole
world. After sustaining a bombardment of
wo days’ duration—defending it, as he said
in his despatch to the War Secretary at
Washington, until the quarters were en
tirely burnt, the main gates destroyed by
fire, the gorge walls seriously injured, the
magazine surrounded by flames and its door
closed from the effects of the heat, four bar
rels and three cartridges of powder only be
ing available, and no provision remaining
but pork”—he accepted the terms of evacua
tion offered by General Beauregard, and
marched out of the fort on Sunday afternoon,
the 14th of April, 1861, with colors flying
and drums beating, bringing away company
and private property, and saluting his flag
with fifty gans. On the reception of this
‘news, salutes were fired in hishonor at Read
ing, Pa.,in Philadelphia, and in Boston, and
the citizens of Trenton voted to present him
with a sword. Major Anderson was imme
diately promoted to the rank of brigadier
iene‘ral, and ordered to the Department of
Kentucky. Here, his health failing him, he
was obliged to retire from active service.
He ?rew gradually more and more feeble
until, being advised to leave his home and
try the effect of change of air and scene, he
;v&ggt to France, where he lingered until he
After a long series of experiments, the
Nason Hamlin Or§an Company have at
list made a successful combination of dpipes
and reeds in their Cabinet Organs, and the
dfect produced thereby is exceedingly fine.
To accomplish this many difficulties have
leen overcome, the principal one, arising
fom the fact that while the pitch of a set of
Hipes is very susceptible to the temperature
o the atmosphere, reeds will vary but little.
The invention (patented) now introduced,
onsists of an in‘genious arrangement
vhereby the pitch of all the pipes may be
nised or lowered by simply turning a screw
which is attached immediately over the key
béard. One of these instruments is now on
exhibition at E. P. Gerould’s Photograph
poms. Musicians and the public %eneml-
It are invited to call and see this and other
syles of the Mason Hamlin organs.
It now seems that the Radicals, after all
tleir rejoicing, are without a majority in the
Pinnsylvania Senate, that body being either
tid, or Démocratic by one majority. Their
geat victory is not so much of a victory as
it night have been. Y
't is indeed provoking, as the Manchester
U’;on suggests, that we lose both Ohio, and
Peinsylvania, by the perversity of a few men
wio claim to be a good deal more Democrat
icghan the Democratic party.
LWe have received from the Secretary, a
jort; of the Centennial Celebration at Dan
which came to hand too late for pub
liation this week.
Musieal Convention at ¥enniker.
Hexniger, N. H., Oct., 31, 1871.
To the Editor of The People
For the finst timie since Hgiker was in
corporated as a town, the inhabitants have
had four days’ musical convention ameng
them, and it hag proved to be not only one
of m’uék‘enjoym!'%mnd instruction, but one
of much success.
The convention originated with some of
the leading singers, and was nobly sustain
ed by the people genmerally. Prof. I. S.
Whitney, of Manchester, a native of Henni
ker, was the conductor, and managed all
the matters” connected with the rehearsals
and concerts so as to give universal satisfac
tion, and to gain for himself high commen
dation.
The solo singers, some of them well known
and others unknown, who sang at this con
vention, were all pleasing, and added, here,
much to the reputation they had already
achieved elsewhere. They were all recall
ed and some of them several times. In the
olden time it was admitted that music was
stronger than the laws. I think that to-day,
song is a long way ahead of logic, and that
it ean be made very effective in teaching the
great truths of religion.
Miss McQueston has a sweet, bird-like
voice, pure soprano, very flexible and of
large compass. She executes runs and trills
nicely and also has power. Her mhunner is
so natural and modest that she becomes a
favorite at once.
Miss Wells has a remarkably true and
loveable contralto ‘voice, well trained and
soul-moving: She sings without effort and
will ere long take rank with the stars of
song.
Mr. Killey has a ponderous, profundo bass
voice, and sings adajio movements and solos,
even where considerable ornamentation is
required, remarkably well. He sing to double
A below without effort.
Mr. Clark has a very beautiful tenor voice,
and when he transeends his legitimate com
pass, blends his registers most adroitly. He
is a nice ballad singer.
These four individuals, as a quartet, are
capable of producing most happy results.
Miss Palmer, the young lady pianist, was
much admired as an accompanist and bids
fair to become even famous, like Mrs. Shep
pard. She performed some solos, and some
duets with Mrs. Larter, which gave much
pleasure. i
The chorus, composed of singers from
Henniker and the adjoining towns, was so
excellent that I would go many miles to
hear the same again. It gave me much
pleasure to learn that the conductor, the
chorus and all the solo talent was of New
Hampshire—and that this convention, one of
the best, was made up of natives.
‘The piano-forte, one of much brilliancy
and power, ranking with the best made
in this country, was furnished by I. S. Whit
ney, from the well-known manufactory of
Henry F. Miller, Boston,and was the only
thing used from abroad, except the music
and a New Hampshire man wrote much of
that.
It was really refréshing to be at a conven
tion where cverything passed so pleasantly,
where everybody seemed interested and wil
ling to take part in the exercises; where the
clergymen were foremost in the ranks—one
of them, at least, Rev. Mr. Smith, proved to
be not only an able speaker, but a good
singer and pianist. I have seldom met bet
ter people, or so good a class of singers
with a conductor so competent.
The solo singers, pianist, organist, con
ductor, and some other nice musical people
were quartered at the National; and the
portly, good-natured landlord, J. S. Craig,
Esq., keptthem all in good condition while
there, even so that they were sorry to leave.
He is a Democrat of the old school, and has
been sent to the Legislature five sessions.
He says he does not sing much, but can tell
a story any time. His house is kept well,
has good cooks, attentive waiters, and the
table is fit for an alderman. The guests on
this occasion were all happy and contented.
Old Henniker and the adjoining towns
may well rejoice at the success of the con
vention, and feel proud of the grand chorus
they furnished. The President, Rev. Mr.
Smith, made aTousing speech at the close of
the last concert, and called upon all present
to join in singing Old Hundred, which was
done, the full organ leading as the class and
congregation sang this grandest of all old
chorals, one of the best that will ever be
heard this side of Heaven. B.
Letter From Boston.
BosTton, Oct. 28, 1871.
To the Editor of The People
One of the most noticeable outgrowths of
our American tendency to universal educa
tion is the great prominence which the lec
ture system is rapidly attaining. Here
among us are a dozen courses in full oper
ation, where, for prices almost nominal, and
which all can afford to pay, can be heard
the most eminent speakers of the land. It
affords a remarkable opportunity for infor
mation and discussion. But my idea in
speaking of these lectures is to mention the
lecture of Gen. Buatler, at Music Hall, on
Thursday evening, npon the Washington
Treaty. It was his first public appearance
in the State since his depart at Worcester,
and the hall was well filled, and he was re-‘
ceived with considerable enthusiasm. His
address was an elaborate attack upon the
treaty in all its details. After stating in
general its provisions, he went on to notice
what it had nos settled. He claimed that
our commissioners were outwitted, outgen
eraled at every step, and that by the provis
ions of the treaty we had virtually bound
ourselves to pay a considerable share of the
confederate debt, and that the new rule of
international law established by the Wash
ington Commissioners by which vessels of
war were forbidden from refitting in a neu
tral port in time of war would virtually erip
ple us in a war with England. He condemn
ed our government for consenting to allow
such sovereigns as the Emperor of Brazil to
name the arbitrators in the present confer
ence at Geneva, while we did not secure the
appointment of one to our friend, the Empe
ror of Russia. He eclaimed that England
had always found means to evade every
treaty we had ever made with her, and that
as it was certain she would not dare to goto
war with us, we ought to have held her clos
er by the fear of that, and in that way have
secured more favorable terms. In alluding
to the fishing question, he took occasion to
allude to the recent escape of the schooner
Horton. He had brought Capt. Knowlton
and a part of his crew on the stage with him, i
and when he asked them to stand up, he
made decidedly his best hit. The hall echo
ed and re-echoed with the enthusiastic
cheers of the audience, the applause break
ing out again and again, while the General
with his accustomed grace waved his
hand to the gallant seamen and commended
them eloquently. He also took oceasion to
answer some of the recent newspaper at
tacks upon him, and certainly gave them as
good as they sent, paying his respects to the
Tribune and Adverliser as only a Butler
could. The General was heartily cheered
at the close, and many of his strictures,
throughout, excited much langhter.
Politics are remarkably quiet now in the
State, and the Prohibitionists are about the
only party which seem to be doing any
thing, and they dre holding but few meet
ings. Whether anything will be done. in
the remaining dozen days, remains yet to be
seen, but since the Republican Convention,
the campaign has been almost dead in its
quietness. The Chicago fire seems to have
taken the gpirit out of politics, and men in
their zeal to succor our sister city have al
most forgotten their seramble for place.
State Items.
ROCKINGHAM COUNTY.
—The largest sale of new carriages ever
held in the m came off recently at Came
Brothers’ establishment in Portsmouth.
—The Pglimouth fishing fleet has com
pleted its work for the season. The catch
of cod has been unusually large, that of
mackerel about an average.
~—Portsmouth has paid about S3OOO, in all,
for the expenses ot her late Firemens’' Mus
ter—Rather costly entértainment.
—The body of Knox, who is supposed to
have been murdered by young Marshall, of
Seabrook, has not yet been found.
_—*Mark Twain” lectured at Exeter last
Thursday evening. Iy
—Exeter has raised over six hundred dol
lars for Chicago. 5
—A new trial has been granted: by the
Circuit Court at Exeter in the Corbin ease.
—The Congregational Societﬁ. as Epping,
have put 1 new organ into their house of
worship. v
—B. W. Hoyt Co., of Epping, have
manufactured over 1800 cases of faney slip
pers during the last six months. They em
ploy in all about two hundred workmen and
make thirty-five different styles of slippers.
—A large building, formerly used as a
shoe factory, but lately unoccupied, was
burned in Salem, a few nights since.
—There is talk of the erection of a new
Town Hall in Derry. i
—The Selectmen of Candia have recently
purchased a new hearse for the town at an
expense of S6OO.
—Nehemiah Brown, of Candia,has sold his
farm twd woodland to Thompson Brothers,
of Boiw, for $7,500.
STRAFFORD COUNTY.
—Dover people are now doing something
to aid the sufferers by the Western fires.
—Rev. J. M. Brewster, formerly assistant
editor of the Morning Star, at Dover, has
acce}gted an invitation to become pastor of
the Freewill Baptist Church at North Scitu
ate, R. I.
—Since the improvement of navigation
on the Cocheco, several vessels have visited
Dover.
—The meeting of the State Teachers’ As
sociation at Dover, last week, was well at
tended. Prof. Quimby of Dartmouth was
chosen President for the ensuing year.
—lt is reported that Frank Jones of Ports
mouth contemplates the erection of a brew
ery at Dover.
—A Milton man, named Dorr, has raised
a beet this year which weighs twenty-nine
and one-half pounds.
—The agent of the Great Falls Mfg. Co.
offered to give all the cloth which the%&dles
of the village would make into clothinﬁ for
the Chica§o sufferers. Accordingly, thirty
or forty of them have been at work for some
time making up garments.
—The Great Falls Mfg. Co. are putting in
a 400 horse power steam en%ine, to run their
machinery in case of lack of water.
—The Town Hall at Great Falls is to be
repaired. B
—The annual meeting of the Farmington
Mutual fire Insurance Company was held
Oct. 13, and the following Board of Direc
tors were elected: Gee. M. Herrin%,3 Pl.
Parker, Geo. N. Eastman, Hiram Barker,
Peter M. Horne, John G. Johnson, A. G.
Orne, Joseph C. Hutehins, E. C. Kinnear,
and Josiah B._:E‘ggérly. “The eomgany has
been organized thirteen years, and has paid
eveß' loss it has sustained.. Ata meetinﬁ. of
the Directors on the 19th, Hon. G. M. Her
ring was re-elected President, and Josiah B.
Edgerly Secretary and Treasurer.
—More concrete side-walk is going down
in Rochester.
—There is a farm, partly in Rochester and
partly in Somersworth,which has been own
ed in the same family since ‘it was settled,
170 years ago.
BELKNAP COUNTY.
—A correspondent of the Democrat com
plains that the Laconia police arrest men
while drunk, and let them go when they get
sober, on payment of such sums of money
as they can squeeze out of them.
—The{{are to have a series of Union Tem-
Eerance cetings in the several churches in
aconia..
—One hundred dollars were raised by
contribution in the F. B. Church at Laconia,
on Sunday of last week, for sufferers from
fires in the West.
—R. M. Appleton, of Lake Village, has
sent a case of stockings, containing 1200
pairs, to Chicago.
—The dwelling-house of Mr. Eliphalet
Gilian, in Gilmanton, took fire on the roof,
and was burned to the ground on the 20th
ult. Loss SSOO.
—Laconia dealers recently received 300
bbls. of Michigan apples. v
—The Laconia Democrat says, Hazen
Copp, Esq., of Gilford, has commenced the
erection of two mills on the Northfield side,
at Tilton, one of which is to be 40 by 70 and
the other 22 by 38, and has leased the build
ings for ten years. Warren Smith puts in
the foundations flannel is to be manufactur
ed in them.
—We have received a copy of the an
nual catalogue of the New Hampshire Con
ference Seminary at Tilton, from which
we learn that the whole number of different
pupils in the school during the year has been
301. The number attending the present
term is 148.
—We are informed that ouritem in regard
to the present made to the two students at
Tilton by their fellow-pupils was incorrect.
CARROLL COUNTY.
—We have the following from our regu
lar Carroll correspondent
“H. J. Banks, Esq., is depot master pro
tem. at West Ossipee. e
The West Ossipee engine house is to be
built at once.
The Madison depot issoon to be erected.
Thomas Perkins, of Jackson, is said to
have bought out Isaac D. Smith, of Tam
worth, paying SBOOO for his farm.
““An auction sale in Tamworth, by Allen
Smith, is advertised. S. 8. Reede, Esq.,
auctioneer.
“W. P. Cook, of Tamworth, is very sick.
‘W, H. Stone, of West Ossipee, a rail
road man, has taken a contract on a Maine
road.
Dr. John Blackmer, of Sandwich, edits
‘the Prohibition Herald from Oect. 17. Suc
cess to him and his paper, and also. his
gause, say we.
““Goodwin runs an express from Tam
worth Iron Works to West Ossipee.
‘L. D. Mason is still out west.’
“Ouar friend, M. W. Osgood, tells a good
story of an old resident of this county who
had been poor. He said, ‘Mr. Osgood, I
have been preduced but now live overboard,
and a fifty dollar bill is now no subject.
Could Mrs. Partington’ have done better
“Tamworth is largely represented at Lake
Village and Laconia.
«It is said that if a Democratic paper is
started, J. L. Hersey, of Tuftonborough,
will be one of the editors.
The church at Ossipee Centre is without
‘a pastor. 2
“One of the Sandwich merchants has sold
out his stock and closed his store.
“D. Adams is improving his stand" at
Moultonborough Falls.
“Hon. Isaac Adams, of Sandwich, has
taken out several patents besides those on
his press.
“P. H. Tebbelts, of Tamworth, is buiid
ing a new mill.
¢t The shoe manufactory will be located at
Ossipee Centre.
‘“Albany has no church, doctor, lawyer,
and but one preacher, Elder Brown.
Elder Brown, of Albany, has been hold
ing meetings in Tamworth.
M. P. Freeman, of Freedom, proposes
to have a grand auction soon.
“F, Hobbs, Es‘t' Col. S. W. Whigple.
Hon. E. A. Hibbard, Col. Quales, Hon. Obed
Hall, and other veterans and well known
members of the bar, were in attendance at
the last session of the Supreme Judicial
Court.
“The West Ossipee (Bear Camp Crosss
ingevschool, is ‘being kept by John Cotton,
of Wolfeborough.
“C. R. Jackson is making improvements
at Tamworth Village.
John Sawyer keeps a home-like hotel at
the Maple House,” So. Tampworth.
MERRIMACK COUNTY.
--The Merrimack County Commissioners
have purchased 260 acres of wood and pas
ture land adjoining the County Farm at
North Boscawen, for $2,950.
—DMr. Daniel Bailey, one of the sufferers
by the Chicago fire, arrived at his home in
Dunbarton last week. He lost fifty-four val
uable horses.
—Charles H. Sanborn and Warren Stone,
of Pittsfield, have been sentenced to pay a
fine of S4O for carrying on the lumber man
ufacturing business without having paid the
special tax.
—Henniker items: Dr. I. P. Chase has
sold his residence to Dr. L. W. Peabody, of
Epsom, who is shortly to remove to Henni
ker.—Oliver C. Fis{er, Esq., having sold
his place at West Henniker, has gone with
his family to sgeudf the winter at Newton,
Mass.——Mr. Edmund Mirick, a well-known
eitizen, starts in a few days for Smithville,
N. J., where he will spend the winter with
his daughter, returning, of course, in season
to vote the Democratic ticket next March.
——Mr. H. C. Carter is to have charge of
the paper-mill recently purchased by Dil
lingham Co., of Boston. Repairs and ad
ditions are to be made.——A new paper-mill
enterprise up the river a mile or two above
‘West Henniker is talked of.——Gutterson’s
steam-mill is to be taken to Deering shortly,
where a large lot of lumber belonging to
Charles Gove is to be sawed.——What does
not often happen to so good a fruit town,the
apple crop is short of the actual home de
mand. A car-load from abroad is talked of.
——Mr. Martin’s farm was sold on Saturday,
for about $4,100. En%lish hay brought
about $25 and meadow hay $lO per ton.
Stock sold at satisfactory prices.——New ci
der brings $6 per barrel.
—J. Albert Peaslee, of Bradford, has a
pair of Durham and native three-years-old
steers, that weigh 2720 pounds, and a pair
of two-years-old that weigh 2160 pounds.
—J. C. Mills, Esq., of Dunbarton, has a
pair of steers of the Durham and Ayrshire
stock, sixteen months old, girting 5 1-2 feet,
and weighing 1501 pounds.
—On account of the dullness of trade, op
erations in the shoc-factory at Pittsfield are
nearly suspended.
—The Fisherville Lecture Association
have arranged for a course of lectures to
commence Nov. 20th. The first speaker
will be Rev. W. H, H. Muiray, of Boston,
followed by Hon. Thomas Fitch, Col. T. W.
Higginson, J. E. Fitzgerald, Esq., Mrs. Ma
ry A. Livermore, Hon. Wm. L.(i"oster, Col.
Carroll D. Wright, and a concert by the
Mendelssohn Quintette Club.Brown’leJ:)rnet
Band is to furnish music a half hour before
the lectures.
—A shed,containing 150 cords of wood, at
Hooksett, belonging to the Concord Rail
road, was burned on Monday forenoon, hav
ing been set on fire, as is ‘supposed, by a
spark from the engine of a passing «early
train. Loss estimated at SBOO. The steam
er Kearsarge was taken down from Concord
to subdue the flames. Trains were delayed
about two hours.
—A case of small-pox is reported at Fish
erville. The victim is a young man recent
ly from Chicago. The Board of Health
have taken precautionary means to prevent
its spread.
HILLSBOROUGII COUNTY.
—Andrew J. Varnum, an insane person,
who has been missing from Antrim for sev
eral weeks, was found hung to a tree on an
adjacent mountain, on Saturday. It will be
‘remembered that two of his children were
accidently drowned at Ashland a few months
since.
—David Gregg, Esq., of Wilton, who has
been largely interested in lumbering at the
West, is reported to have been a large loser
from the recent fires in Michigan—on ac
count of the destruction of steam-mills and
lumber. His loss is estimated at nearly $20,-
000.
—Over fifty new students have entered
Bryant Stratton’s New lampshire Busi
ness College in Manchester, within the past
few weeks, for the day and evening sessions
—a larger number than ecver before since
the college was established.
—S. B. Farrar, of Temple, while attempt
ing to bind a load of wood, on the 23d ult.,
had a leg broken by falling from the load,
occasioned by the breaking of a chain.
—Some of the friends of Charles W. Ever
ett, conductor on the North Weare road,
paid him a complimextary visit on Tuesday
evening of last week, taking along with
them parlor and chamber furniture to the
value of about SSOO. Charles O. Ballou, of
North Weare,made the presentation address,
which was responded to, in behalf of Mr. and
Mrs. Everett, by Hon. Wm. H. Gove. A
special train went up from Manchester, tak
ing 160 persons along. After the presenta
tion ceremonies, a supper of oysters and
other fixings was indualged in.
—Mr. Ezra Clement has sold his bedstead
factory at Hillsborough Bridge, to Mr. Wm.
Manahan, of the Lower Village.
—The Hillsborough Messenger says the
Clark Brothers are making on an average,
ten barrels of cider per day. They have
1000 bushels of apples on hand to be made
up.
—Col. Henry D. Pierce was baptised by
immersion on Sunday afternoon at Hillsbor
ough Bridge, by Rev. James Pike.
—Mr. A. N. Wade, who was recently ap
pointed agent of the Print Works at Man
chester, has resigned.
—At Wilton the wholesale price of pota
toes is forty cents.
—A net profit of $2,500 was the result of
the Catholic Fair at Manchester in aid of St.
Joseph Church.
—Jefferson Rockwood, who has been a
well-known citizen of Nashua for fifty years,
died at that place on the 234 ult., at the age
of 70 years.
—Rich, the burglar and horse-thief, eseap
ed from the jail at Manchester last weeg.
After being committed, having been arrest
ed at Nashua with a complete burglar's kit
in his possession, he was recognized as the
thief who stole a team from John S. Craig,
of the National Hotel at Henniker, last sum
mer.
—A young lady at Nashua, who aspires
to the profession of the law, was recently
denied admission to the law school of Har
vard University.
—The rate of taxation in Nashua is $24.90
Ber SIOOO. The telegraph claims that this
igh rate is on account of the low valuation
given by the assessors, which will hardly
average one-half the real value.
CHESHIRE COUNTY.
—Our correspondent at Keene says there
is considerable dissatisfaction among the
citizens of that place, because the names
of the dead soldiers are not placed upon the
monument recently dedicated there, it hav
ing been distinctly understood that the
names should be inscribed on the tablets of
the monument. It seems that the monu
ment committee appropriated the money for
a curbing instead of putting the names on
the monument.
The Xeene Farmers’ and Mechanies’
Club” met on Saturday, and organized by
choosing Samuel Woodward, President for
the evening. Geo. H. Gilbert, Secretary
and Treasurer, 'Geo. Mansfield, Charles A.
Gale and Virgil A. Wright, Standing Com
mittee for the season, after which the meet
ing adjourned, one fortnight, to the grand
jory room, where there will be"meetinﬁs
once a week. All who can are cordially
(invited to interest themselves in these meet
‘ings, making it a source of mutual improve
‘ment and social union.
—The Keene Musical Union give a con
cert this (Thursday) evening in aid of the
sufferers from fires in Michigan.
—The reception on Friday evening, Oct.
20, given in honor of James A. Weston, by
‘Henry Colony, Esq:, at his palatial residence
on Main street, was a very brilliant ‘and
pleasant affair. The elegant and spacious
parlors and halls were thronged from an
early hour till half past ten o’clock with our
prominent citizens, accompanied by their
wives and daughters. Among many dis
tinguished guests present was %lon. Hozea
W. Parker and wife, Gen. Nat Head, Gen.
M. T. Donohoe, Senator Patterson and Col.
Frank Jones, Col. J. Ware Butterfield, Col.
Fred. A. Barker, Col. M. M. Burke of his
excellency’s staff; Col. P. P. Bixbii Col.
Carroll D, Wright, Lieut. Geo. A. Marden
the poet of the day, and Martin Milmore
the designer of the statue. While just out
side, the Keene Brass Band played its sweet
est and most enchanting strains of musie.
Keene might well be proud of her Band,
—Hinsdale Items :—Allen J. Wilder com
mitted suicide, on the 21st ult., by hanﬁing
Eimself in the weods. He is said to have
‘had trouble with a woman who had been
livinf with him but had left him.—Dr,
Boyden is seriously sick. Some fears are
entertained that he will not recover.——J,
H. Mathews, Proprietor of the Ashuelot
House, is doing a good hotel business. He
is well patronized and he richly deserves it.