17
The Daily Intelligencer,I _ v ki JV u kJ A
r-BtanBi it I U V 4 M M The Weekly Intelligencer
..m-. WJwlmq m^Mrnmx.
M UlTM ELODlhj, 14 00
UtUmd bj Curlera, pa vMk IB ___^ 2=r== tBUW OV fU WUUI i
iggtoComr,broMjMr.u iaT???,....? i so
TKHMH Of JBC WHILV: ___ Club.01 Ten 111 m00Ul* X
^S^::::::::::::::::^; VOL. XX. WHEELING, W. VA WEDNESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 22 1871. NO 78 IBSES^?!
And m ?xtn copy to tiw person go tile# up Club!
Poitnuatera tro roaaottod to act u AjnuU.
For Rent.
JpOR KENT- tfjt
Tlio STORK ROOM ami DWKLUSQ-B*
attachod, on Mam itrtct, at prcacnt occupicd by
Win. F. Both u a Cmifcctlouery.
novll M W. AMICE.
TJIOU HBNT? gjft
O.Yg STORK BOOH OX MAW Sr..**
occupied at pruauut bj 0. Lldcl, hair drewer aud
wIk maker. For farther particular# Inquire of
SCHWKKTKBUKK,
no?l7 HO Maln Htreet._
FOB RENT.?THE SI'ACIOL'S#*
let and 2d atorjr Warcroom* and Kid i
cellar beneatn, on tne kmi sine or *araei^?
afreet, and adjoining the Grocery aurni or R. J.
Smyth, occupiedat present by the Meaars- HabUrda
m Furniture warerooma. Thuy have a
depth ol 110 feet and a front of 88 foot; the lower
tory front of which la filled with plato gluaa.
The location is No. 1, and rucommeuds itself to
any bualne?e requiring the epaco Hotter*. Posaeaalon
the lit of April.
unv 16 wM. PAXTOtf, 4th atrtet.
FOR RENT-TUB THREE**
itory Store House and Dwelling, on M|
Main atrcet, directly oppoalto the Grant**
11 wine, and at present occupied by Winxenrlpd A
Hon, Watchmakers and Jewelers. To a good
tenant, if deaired, the preinlaea will be material*
lyaltered and improved. Its nrozimity to the
rant House and auapunalou bridge make It a
commanding buslncca stand Possession April
"Lril""' wil. PAXTON, 4th IlKt,
FdJ- Sale.
r\LUAli I, E FKOI'EKTV POIi
V SALE.?A lot of ground near Dewey A
Vance's Mill, at head of Marshall street, 100 feet
front by 371 deep, with a large brick Dwelling
Uouie of hall and 11 rooms. Alao, a frame tenant
houao. Will be sold oil favorable terms to
cloao an estato, by S. L. CUTIIBBHT,
novlfl Heal Estate Ag??nt Monroe atreet
"171 LIZA JANE ZANE, SAMUEL
IJ HurlggZane, Cordelia Cart and Milton T,
I'arr, Noan ropuia nuston ami Aiexaimer
Kmton, ami PUtoff 2*uu.
Daulel C. List, Trustee.
In ('hincery, Circuit Court for Ohio couuty,
West V?.
In pursuance of docnro of *?ld Court made
lu tin* cause on the Wth day of December, 1870,
I will offer fur aale, on
Kill DAY, tho 16th d?y of December, 1871,
at the front door or tho (Jourt House tor Ohio
roaiity. Weft V?., commencing st 10 o'clock a.
m the following real esUle, lying in tho city of
Whittling,on tho welt aide of Main street, vis:
Tho two valuable store* now n&upied by D.
A Adler A Co. and by Peter K. Zlnn ami others,
lying between Ibo houses occupied by Harbour
Ulttmnu slid P. Kline. Also the property on
r tine side of MhIii street now occupied by thu
hIi.iu store of Klchard Porter, adjoining liouso
owned by J. It. ttlioppard.
Thumb or tUi.it -Uiie-fUtb of purchaso to be
paid lu cash and thu balance In one. two. three
and four years from day of (ale, with Interest,
iiotfR with ?ood security to be given for the delurred
I'urmeuts, and ueeda of trutt, ?t the ex
peine of tho purchaser, a* further security on
tho properly sold.
nuvli _J DAN 1Kb LIST, Trusted.
EXRCtfTORS' SALE OF URAL
U8TATK
in pursuance of the will of Martha Knox, de
I'HI DAY) tho lulh dflj or Dec., 1871,
at tho front door of tho Court House for Ohio
rouuty, West Vt., commencing at 10 o'clock A.
m it'll tliu following valoablo property, lying on
the wcat aide of Main atreet In the city of Wheellug,
being lot No. two (9) and part of lot No. ono
(I), being tho laino now occupied by Harbour A
Dlttinan, by Oeorgo W. Kckbort and M. C. Ilane,
and by the dwolllng house formerly occupied by
Mrs. Martha Knox in her life time.
Tumi or HAt.E-One-fourth of tho pufohaao
money to be paid In cash, or aa much more m tho
purthaacra may choose to pay; tho remainder in
four annual paymeuta, with Interuit from dale
payable aomi-annually. Negotiable notes to be
Kivun fd/the deferred Instalments, to be secured
by deeds of truat and aatiafactory liinuraucj on
property, at tho exponse of tho purchaser.
JAMES P. ROORRS,
D. C. LIST,
nov!4 Executora of Martha Knox, dee'd.
THOU HALE LOW AND ON BABY
X1 TERMS?A first class Tannery, two story
Hrlck Dutldlng, M feot by 01, with all the modern
Improvement! and In good running order.
Thd low prlco and location woulu make It
available for any other manufacturing purpose.'
Also a good Ilrlok Dwelling House with 10
rooma and full lot, on Hampden street.
w. vThogb a bro.,
norl Market street.
r\iviM r.iMri nnfrav
JJ
FOR SALE.
I olfor for rale ttio bone Id which I nowr?-JMk
alde.altnato on Join atrcct, a few doorf Kill
aat of Fifth. The honae Is a anhatantlal JUL
twoitory brick containing eight room*, be
a bath room and kltchcn, and a finished
atUc, with a hwkI collar, hot and cold water In
bath-rouiua. The honae la In good order and
well located and In every way a dcalrable prop*
crty, being but a little over a Future from the
i'uat Office. There la alio on the premtaea a good
BRICK STABLE,
ufflclcnt for foar horsee, and a carriage houae.
Anyone wlahlngto parchaae can examine the
prcmlaea at anytime.
acptM JNO. F. McDBRMOT.
J 8IAND LOTS FOR BALK.
liavlng aold all the lot* offered at $300 each,
tcopt two, I now offer ten Iota fronting on the
aat aide or Kim and Cheat not atreeta and extending
to the rlrer. 1'rlce from $300 to $1,000
cach, according to alxe and location. Terma,
one-fourth cash, residue in equal inatallmenta at
one, two and three yuara.
J HO. P. GILCHRIST,
angll A^hp'MIl[_
rpllU8T BALE.?BY. ViHTUK OF A
i. Dn.-.l nf Trnst ?n mo h* William Ho
Mck aud Nancy llouck liln wife, of Cameron. In
Marshall coonty, Weft Virginia, bearing data the
3lit day of December, NW. I will, on
SATURDAY, the tttti day or Nor., A. D. 1871,
on the pretnllea In tho town of Cameron, In the
county of Marshall, Btato of Woat Virginia, at
10 o'clock a. m. of that day, proceed to aeli at
public ?ale all the right, title and Interest of the
Mid William Hoaack and Nancir llorark hla wife
In ltd to the following detcrlbed real eatate,
that in to My, all their right, title and Intereat In
and to tho ntidlrldfd one-half of lot of ground
Halted In Booth Cameron, Marshall connty,
Weal VlrglnU. known aa lot No. (10) lliteen;
Irothe undivided Interest of the aald William
Hoaaek and Nancy hU ,wlf? In and to the follow
InRdeitnbtd property Mtiiatcd In the town ol
Cameron, and bounded and dearrlbed aa followa,
to-wit: Beginning at a Hake, thence a IK drg.
w. thlrty-onefeettoa Make, thence n. 04 deg. e.
itxtftertn feet to tho Poplar Bprlnga road,
thenrl thirty two and one-half Wet along aald
road to a Make, thence a. fW deg- w. aeventyeight
and one-half feet to .the beginning: alao.
one-half of an alley now open between the lot
mentioned And another lot belonging to Jamca
Fulton, of the city of Haltlraore, Maryland,
which alley la eight feet, more or lew, In width
*t the front on Poplnr Spring road, and rnna back
jo the rear of lot adjoining on tho north belong)nK
to aald .famea Fulton, and it tho reor of aald
lot l? ten feet, more or leaa, In width, the portion
Mid alloy hereby fonveyed la the one half
thereof, to-wlt: tonr feet front and Are feet.moro
icm, at the rear, aavlng and reserving off of
the pre ml tea hereby conveyed, the right to the
Baltimore And Ohio Railroad romnany to re"into,
alter and repair certain pipes through aald
pr^mnca, now need and oecnpted by theaald
i'Wptny to convey water from there down to
th? water autlon 00 their road, and aim* reserving
to Mid Jamea Fnlton the right to hare, one
?n'l maintain the tract running arrow the rearend
laid lot, being an extenalonof the "Y" aathe
"#m? 1* now oaed and occnpled aa long as Mid
and traek la kept open and nacd by said
WMnp my np to the lot hereby conveyed from the
?*ln track of aald Halt (more and Ohio Railroad;
1?> a lot of gronnd In the Tillage of Cameron,
in Marshall county, Rtate of Weet Virginia, and
which lot la bonnded on the aonth by a lot of
h?rlea Keller, and on the west by An alley, and
nn the north by a lot of Henry Moore's, and on
tno m?t by Rigft<>r lot, and being the aame property
heretofore conveyed by D. fl. Dl* and wife
to the aald MpMam Ilonack.
Ttaaa of Sara-One half r a?h, balance fcree,
I* and nine month* r, j, port br,
Trotteo.
QkelMAfytmr.
Wi aro favored this morning with a
latter from Richmond, which will pay for
perianal.
Tim unsettled condition of the Democratic
party la illustrated by the following
comments of the Detroit PMi "The
Democratic organs still continue to invent
new departures. The Washington Patriot
nominates Charles Bumneras Democratic
candidal* for President I The Cincinnati
laouirer ffoes lor Colonel Hcoll who
was Stanton's assistant during the war.
The St. Louis HepuMican is willing to take
anybody that any clique of dissatisfied
Republicans may nominate. Tlio Chicago
Tinia indicates tbat Governor Palmer
will be its choice. It only remains for
the Boston I'M! to nominate Wendell
Hiillips, the New York IVorld to nominate
Fred. Douglass, and tbo Richmond
Enquirer Id nominal" General Grant, to
make tbc Democratic new departures
complete. As for tbo Democrats of Mich-
igan, tlio Frtt J'rtu teems to bopreparing
to nominato How Tweed, and Tweed b
preparing to run away. Tboee who do
not liko this, but, like the Democrats In
other States, are bound to run a Republican,
can go for Senator Trumbell or Chlel
Justice Chase; each of whom has been
nominated by Democratic journals heretofore."
LETTsns and tiibui Ehdinus.?Upon
this subject tbo October number of tbc
Drituh Quarterly Jtevuu says: The "I
remain" requires to be led up to, and not
to be added to the letter \flth4?( connec-
tinn. Thflrn iff A lift'n oAintit hf rlinlrn
for endings, Irom tlio odlclal "Your ohodlent
servant," to the Iriendly "Yours
truly," "Yours sincerely," and "Yours
allectionatcly." Homo ,persons vary tho
form, and slightly Intensify the expression
by placing the word "yours" last, as
"Faithfully yours." James Howell used
a great variety of endings, such as "Yours
inviolably," Your* entirely," "Your entire
Irk'nd," "Yours verily and invariably,"
"Yours really," "Yours In no vulgar
way of friendship, "Yours to dispose of,"
"Yours while J. 11." "Yours! Yours!
Yours!" Walpole writes: "Yours very
much," "Yours mtat cordially," and to
Hannah More, In 1780, "Yours more and
more." Mr. Bright, Homo years ago,ended
a controversial lettor in the following
biting terms: "Iain, sir, with whatever
respect Is due to you." Tho old Board of
Commissioners of the Navy used a form
of subscription very different from the ordinary
ofllclinine. It was their habit to
subscribe their letters (even letters ol reproof)
to such officers as were not of noble
families or boro titles, "Your allectlouale
Iriends." It is said that this practice
was discontinued in consenuence of a
distinguished captain adding to bis letter
to tlio board, "Your affectionate friend."
lie was thereupon desired to discontinue
tho expression, when he replied, "1 am,
gentlemen, no longer your affectionate
triend,"
Appearance ?l Cholera at llalillu.
Halifax, Not. 31.?The cholera has
broken out in the eastern section of Hallfax
county. Tho cook on the steamer
Franklin is supposed to have brought the
diseaso into the country. lie I1 recovering,
but the otbor persons whocaugbttho
diseaso Irom him have died.
EXECUTION AT AKHON.
The Hanging of Hurler for Ike Harder
or the (target Family at RichHeld.
Akiiow, 0., Nov. 21.?John II. Hunter,
tho murderer o[ old Mr. and Mrs.
(target, at Richfield, Ohio, on tho 27th of
May last, was banged to day. Hunter
went Irom Gratiot county to renew an
engagement with Cbloe Garget that had
been broken by hor, and on the refusal of
iilt part'iiis ui |iuruiu uiui mj uuiur iuuii
house, shot them and tried Ineffectually
to kill their daughter. During his Incarceration
ho haa maintained a spirit ol
bravado, and attempted to convey the
Imurewion that he was insane, but alter
a thorough examination by experts, was
pronounced perfectly sano. He endeavored
to commit suicide yesterday by
cutting an artery, but was discovered and
tho design frustrated, lie has refused all
sustenance sinoo Monday morning. Hunter
was entirely unnerved when informed
that his time had cotae, and had to be supported
to tho scaflold. Afler a passage
from Scripture was read and prayer
oilered, ho made a rambling speech, In
which he said that ho did not commit
the murder premedltatedly, and called on
all to forgive him as he forgave all. At
11:45 tho spring was touched and the
drop (ell, Hunter falling about tlx feet,
dislocating the spinal coUimu. In seven
feen minutes Ills pulse stopped. After
the body rfas cut down several physicians
nvnmltinrl hla liruin nrwl fiiurwl It itflrfiuit
no signs of insanity being apparent.
CINCINNATI*
Cincinnati, Nov. 21.?The meeting
called at the Mayor's office to-day for the
investigation of the charge* recently
made by citizens against tlio city detectives
was a failure. The detectives were
present, but very few ol tlio aggrieved
citizens put in an appearance, w> no pro-
grcss Was made.
The weather Is Wintering to-night and
more like winter than anything thus far
we havo bad.
Annnal Meeting of Iko Baltimore A
Ohio Ho 11 road Company.
Hai.timouk, Nov. 21.?At the annual
meeting ynterday, of tlio llaltlmore
Ohio Itallroad Company, lite old Board ol
Director* were re elected, the only change
being the election of John King, Jr., to till
the place of the late Albert Schumackcr.
The annual report slows that the revc
rtnea <>r the rond (ittd lid Itrartolit* rot the
fiscal year aro $13^87,/i29, an inrreaae
over the pntkml year or fl,717,189.
?The trial of Dr. .lohn 8. Btackbtirti,
charged with the murder ol Mlati Jiorell,
commenced M Ubilllootlie, Ohio, yeaterday,
before Judge fcjalTbrd.
?Acting OoTcrnor Oraley, of flwrrela,
vetota the bill ordering a ipeclal election
to llll the vacancy created by Ilullock'a
resignation.
?The two yonng ladlea, anrrlTora of
the (Indiana) Park tragedy, Hill linger
in an apparently dyln*condition. Their
headi are terribly mangled, but there i?
linre pomibllity of their mrTlrlng.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PBESS BEPOET.
Exclusively to the Intelligencer.
(Bj tfco Wwhin Union Line.
OBco North-wait cor. ol Klin ?nd Motroa lU.)
RECEPTION OF ALEXIS.
A Magnificent Welcome.
EXCITEMENT IN GOTHAM.
Splendid Display of Bunting
Qrand Docoratlon of Broadway
fen Thousand Military on Parade
rho Streets Fackoil with Foople.
Landing of the Grand Duke.
Procosslon up Broadway.
New Yohk, Nov. 21?11 o'clock a. m.
-The steamer Mary Powell, with a to:cption
committee ol about Ave hundred
person^, including a largo number of lalies,
has proceeded down the bay. Over
i thousand persons assembled at tin pier
lo witness the depsAure of the steamer,
which was gaily decorated with Kussian
ind American tings. Nearly all the veslels
in the bay were dressed- with flags,
uany of them displaying the Russian col)W.
The steamrr Henry Smith, with tho
Bxecutivo Committee, has sailed for the
Marrows. Broadway is thronged -with
arsons awaiting tho parade. A great
jumber arrived from tho country on tho
larly trains. Tho buildings on Broadway
md the other principal streets arodocoiaed
with Hags. Tho National Guard is
nit In full force.
New Yohk, Nov. 22?2 o'clock p. m.~
Perhaps on no former occasion has Broadway
been so crowded with a holiday
Iressed mass of people as it is at this mo
nent. There are about 1U,UUU troops in
Ine, stretching from the Buttery two
nllcB up Broadway. Tho display la ceralnly
magnificent. Every tmo wjuiiis^ to
)e lie heut upon ehecring. Tho thoulands
ol flagpoles on Broadway aro filled
with flags and facades, and tho windows
if many buildings are decorated with
Imericau and liussian flags. Every
ivailablo outlook on tho street Is occupied
y |ieoplo of both sexes.
Tho Grand Duke landed at 1:1)0, and
ifter considerable ceremony, Miildst the
oar of cannon, dcnfenlng slioOts of wol:oino
and choers, he took ills seat in a
larouche. IIo was dressed In maglillcent
uniform of a General olllcer of
i.. IIU al.ir An.nrlxnn
ind Russian Admirals and other ofllcers
ollowed In barouches. Tlio procsssion
las started. As tlio Prtnco passes up
iroadway ho fa loiidly cheered by tlio
wople lit every stop, tlio military, which
ine liroadwny, presenting arms, dipping
colors, bands playing, handkerchlers wayng
from windows by ladles. The scene
s ono of tlio mint magnlllcent and linwslng.
,.T
Later and Puller Account.
Nrw Yonit, Not. 31.?The Mary Pawill,
with fully 000 persons on board, In;
eluding nil the membersoTIhe Reception
ind Executive Committees, left here this
nornlng at half-pest eleven o'clock preclsely
and steaffied d6wn the bav In view
if tho Russian and American ilects, all
ho vessels, which presented a magnificent
appearance, being decked with the
colors of all nstlons from stem to stern,
riio upper bay wss tilled with steamers
ind sailing vessels, and the booming of
cannot), the blowing of. whistles nod tho
lipping of colon gave the whole scene An
inimatcd appearancc. As the Mary Powill
rounded the Battery (be ran alongside
>1 tko U. 8. frigate Congress and took otf
joard Hear Admiral Rowan and staff and
Captain DaTeaporl of ths OongrcM. As
:heae officers left the frirtte tlw I?and on
ward the Powell playea "Hall Columbia."
Tbe Powell then steamed up alongside tbe
Jvetiana and a boat was sent for the Rusilan
Minister, Catacazy, and the Russian
Consul, Hodlsco, and their BocroUrlee,
who went on bonrd the Sretlana to Inorm
the Orand Duko that the Reception
Committee awaited his arrlTal on board
:he Powell to tender him tho hospitalities
if the city. The Duke accepted tho Invitation
and Immediately went on board the
Powell, accompanied by Catacaiy, the
Uonsul General and others, lie waa rereived
by General Asplnwall and tho ExBcutive
Committee, who formed In line oh
the lower deck while tbe Duko passed
through to the npper saloon. Arriving
there the Duke was received by tho entire
Reception Committee. General John
A. Dlx delivered an address of welcotno
as follows:
Yovr Hoj/al Hlghnm i
"Tho cltiicns of New York are glad to
wdcome you to the UnitM States. We
are glad to welcome one who represents
Ills Imperial Highness Uie Czar of Russia.
We are glad to welcome tho representative
of a power for which we have so
much respect, kind feelings and confidence.
We are not so old as the European
??AnxiUllltatlfin rlntM Imrlt hill
nne hundred years, but among onr institutions
nnil customs you will no doubt find
mnny things to admire and carry bn<!k to
your own country. Wc ?re Bind that you
are here to curry back to Ilia Imperial
Highness, your father, Uie well wishes ol
tills government. Again I say wc welcome
yon to not iliotca."
Tiio (trand Duke replied as (oliowa I
(Jen. Dir. TAUtt and OTWfefflM
I present my warmest thanks for th?
kind feelings to which, on behalf of the
people of this great city, yon have given
expression. The feelings between the
UniU*l States and Russia are as strong at
they are lasting, and nerer can be broken.
I shall pass rapidly through New
York to pay my respects to the President
rif tho United States, whose high dhafacter
Is greatly appreciated In Hnssla; lint
when I return to New York, I shall have
greuL pleasure in uceepting your kind
hospitality which has been bo generously
extended to me. I thank you heartily.
A line was then formed in the upper
saloon from end to end, the Grand Duke
taking his station at the stern of the boat
to receive thu guests, who were Introduced
to him hy Mr. Henry Clews. The
Powell tben steamed down the bay ulkr
as the Narrows, and then turned to proceed
to the Battery, where the Grand
Uuko landed and wus received by Gen.
Shaler and .escorted to his carriage, when
the military procession Immediately starto
l Tim nrniwafitnti Ivm ln'iulM hv Kn.
pexlntcnilent Kelso, lnsiiector I)ilki, and.
a force of police to dear the way.
Immediately alter rodo Major Qcn. Shaler
and staff, followed by tlio Nineteenth
Regiment. The carrlago containing
the Grand Duke came next,
and wan the object ot greatest iuleruH.
Following the carriage or the Grand Duke
was it long line of carriages containing
Admiral 1'ossict, Vice-Admiral llowun,
members of tlio reception committee ami
tho Prince's suite. Alter tho carriages
the 13th ltegiment marched In columns
by companies aa a rear escort, tho lltli,.
7th and 23d Regiments forming a apcciai
escort, not falling in lino until the head
of the procession arrived at Leonard
street. When the Grand Duke and escort
arrived at Leonard street, tho 7th ltcgimedl
(I'll iat? line at tho head of (lie processiop,
while tlio Sid and 11th Hogimenls
fell in on the other slilo of tho Qrand
Duko's carriage as a guard of honor,
when an order for tlio whole procession to
move was given, and tho entire lino was
formed into a coluum of at least 10,000.
As the Orand Duke passed, each baud
took up, in its turn, the Itassian national
anthem, beginning at the left of tho lino
anil continuing to llio extreme right;
Tlic tidu of the 1'iince from the Ballery
U> Union Square was one continued
ovation. Cheer rose upon cheer, and a
sea of handkerchiefs Buttered Iroin delicate
lingers. The shout that wus token
up at the Buttery was rolled in ono huge
volume to Claremlcn, and the repealed
bows of (lie 1'rlnce anil his smiling two
showed tlint ue'keenly appreciated llio
Sreat honors showered upon him. As the
rand Duke paused the Equitable Building
the group of statuary recently placed J
over the entrance was unvalled. The
Trinity chimes begun lo ring us
the carriage containing him came In tight.
The Aatur llomq wos perfectly olive jvlth
iailies and gsntlenlen, who waved liiftrikerchiefs
and made a good show of llicir
hands as the Ducal carriage passed. This
was repeated at every hotel along the
route from the City Hotel to Union
squaro. The bulconies of the Grand Central,
Metropolitan, Ht. Nicholas, and ethers,
were thronged With people, whose
shouts ol hearty welcome novor seemed
(o cease. The regiments loo cams In
for their shurc of applause and coniraendalion.
Alexis certainly received well
an tivntinn as no. man ou earth ever received
before Irora the New Yorkers,' be
tween i la; llaliery anu union square. as
the procetMlAD arrived At the grand stand,
Union square, the ladies and gents rose
en mam unci gave Alexis n perfect storm
Of applause. To this lie responded with
genuine lcejlng, and rising in ids carriage
took olVhlscijilpeitu, and bowed right and
lelt. The head of the procession moll
reached Clarendon Hotel, and a space
having been made for the Duke, he alighted
and bowed, and in a lew minutes niterward,-ho
came otit'on tUo balcony tccimpdniedby
Ids stall, and reviewed the
troops marching abreast by companies,
each regiment presenting arms as it came
under the balcony. The Ninth Regiment
band of one hundred pieces, led by Carl
pergmann, will serenade tlio Grand Duke
In front or the Clarendon Hotel, at 11
o'clock to-night. To morrow the Oranil
Uuks will go to Washington, to pay his
respects Uvtlio President. Tlio New Jersey
Hailroad Company, liave two splendid
drawing room cars In their depot,
which thfcy will tender to the Duke and
luite, Tor the trip.
Alexis attended the liussian Church at
6 o'clock, and at 0 o'clock dined with
Minister Caiacazy and lila stair, with
whom ho spent most of the evening in
Conversation. At half-past 11 d'clocktho
Nintli Regiment bnnt| serenaded the
Orand Duko, l)?r. 5,000 people Mseinbled.
Alexin, ntteldcd by Ills stilts, presented
himself on tho balcony and was enthusiastically
received, He bowed rc
pcatcdly 111 response to tho cheers of tho
crowd. Among tho selections played by
I ho blind was the Uusstau Natlunal
Ilymn. After the serenade Col. PhVrtas
Eresented to tho Grand Duke, and offered
Im the freedom oi all he possessed on the
American continent.' Tlie grand lull is
died for Wednesday Mglit, Nov. 20lll.
CIIICAUO.
I I 41 ,'l ?1 il 'J f)l f. I .'i ii<'
The Ilodyol n iceportcr ronnu,
Chicago, November 21.?The human
remains found evening In the basement
nf the 7'rilume building havo been
identified as tlioso 0! J. B. Blublw, A reporter
on the Chicago Jtepublican, Ho
was last seen on tho morning ol tho (Ire
near tho building, and had not been heard
of since.
tl^KIO a fhont pOot.
Th? Journal nays a report to cttrrent
that tho United States Government lias
purchased tho Lombard property on
Monroe street, adjoining tho present post
Wllco building on the west, paying tlicrolor
$104,MO, or $1,000 per front toot.
IlOliDRN KXONKRAtBD.
The Investigation of the management ol
Mr. C. C. P. HoldeH of tho relief fluids
1ms developed flic Tact that that gentleman
turned over to tho Treasurer all the money
In Ills hands when received. Tills tally
exonerates him from the charge ol misappropriation,
which was Irccly msdo
during hls(Holden's) candidacy for nmyor.
ItM OHO to mm to say mm no stnnm acquitted
?l tliis nncl other charges In tko
eyed of this community.
UItICKI,AIKI?' STRIKE.
I/Mt Saturday the members of tlie
Brlcklaycrs' Ufltoti demanded flva dollars
and fifty cents per dayu Tbls wm. 111
many cases, acce,!cd to. yesterday they
made n demand lor six dollars per tlsjr, If
not Arpetletl to they propose fo qull.
Fresh Developments of Fraud IB
Ilrooklra<
Nrw Yohk,J(ov. 21.?It It stated that
facta have been ascertained that bnvy
frauds on the Brooklyn City Trrsraiy
have been perpetrated by tho ring lliefe
by which some $240,000 were Illegally
drawn by the Fire Commissioners. Ills
rumored that .Ins..,31. Sweeney, brother
i of I'eter 1). Sweeney, haa fled to Europe,
i and that evidenco is Ift the hanils ol
i Clias. O'Connor of the frauds by him In
connection with Tweed and others.
?The damages from the linking of the
Onford mine at Ifyde Park, Pa, are animated
not U> eiceetl $0,000. The Mtnte
of Joseph Fellows will probably be held
liable for thelosses.
NEW YORK CITY.
HOW CONNOLLY'S RESIGNATION WAS PROCURED.
N?w York, Nov. 21,?Morning.?
There are report! that Connolly's resignation
was forced from him by a promise
that he should not be prosecuted for his
doingB in the city frauds.
SEVERAL MILLION FRAUDULENT I'lTV
BONDS.
It is also alleged to day by the Tribune
that there are rumors ol the negotiation
abroad lor Connolly, by his son, of several
millions of city bonds which do not up
pear In the liil of city indebtedness, which
are unauthorized.
tub exodus to kdiiopk.
Connolly is said to bo preparing to visit
Europe, and other ring men are also said
to be getting ready to leave. Connolly's
retircuiont will have the eflect to hasten
Tweed's resignation.
tub heomkh's viuekd is MILANCItOLY.
The latter is said to be getting more
depressed every day. Various other resignations
are soon expected.
mummit wants a place.
The Tribune alleges that Collector Murphy
is reported to be scheming lor a place
in the reorganized city government, and
that prior to Murphy's resignation, ho
dismissed an efilcient weigher, to make
room lor ono John 0. O'Brien, ostensibly
bis private Secretary, but really a hangoron,
whose only duty was U) converse
with local politicians.
disappointed in tub nsw com.ectoh.
Tlio 'lribuiu also asserts that tlio mercantile
cuminunlty are disappointed at
Arthur's appointment, particularly us ho
iswlawyer and politician.
HORACE GHKKLKY DEC LINKS.
A reporter who has interviewed Horace
Greeley, learns that Mayor. Hall sent a
letter some time ago to Mr. Greeley, oilering
him one of the Commlsalonorsliips of
the Parks Department, vice Sweeney.
Mr. Greeley at once returned a taller with
a declination.
THK SUM MAN ACCEPTS.
It is understood that Mr. Englaucl, ol
tlio Sun, accepts tlio Coittnitasionerslllp
of Kilucutiou.
Henry B. Htcbbins declines tlio Park
Comuiissioncrshlp tendered him by ex[)cpuly
Controller tjtorrs, who will bo
reappointed Deputy Ottatrollcr. I
THK EMINENT CHAIR-MAKER AND PLASTERER.
i Tlio second arrest order in tlio cose of
Ingcrsoll expired yestorday, without having
been served. There are conflicting
rumors' as to the whereabouts of ttiger'
soil} Woodward and Garvey, bul nothing
detlnite seeuis to bo known 011 the subject.
ORGANIZATION OF STEAMBOAT OWNERS.
At it meeting ot steamboat owner) yeiterday,
steps were taken to form a permanent
organization and a |>etltlon circulated
requesting Congress to amend the
steamboat laws.
T1IK TAMMANY SAV1NOH HANKS.
The Worhl states that the charters of
several savings banks owned by members
of the ring do not contain the provisions
for the protection of the public, which arc
found In the charters oi the other savings
banks. ALBXIS.
The weather is very lino to-day. The
Grand Duke's reception will take place
according to the programtno,
Arrivod, the steamships North America,
Irom Kio Janeiro, and the Egypt, from
Liverpool.
In the Court of General Sessions this
morning Judge Bedford reconvened the
grand Jury litid charged tliem on tho
frauds against the city. Ilesuggested that
they send for Charles O'Connor to assist
them.
In tho Bupremo Court to day tho mandamus
to tho Uoard of Canvassers compelling
them to canvass tho Aldermanlo
voto was taken up, hut adjourned till to
morrow. JuJgo"Brady has granted in
sltcrnatlve mandamus returnable Thursday.
Arrived?Tlio Vlllo do Pnfla Irom
Havre.
The specie shipments to-day wero $58,000
In sliver.
This innrning a large number of members
ot the Chamber ol Commerce and
Harbor Commissioner^ examined the
work in progress on Uie fortifications in
the upper and lower bay.
Judeo Hilton was returned to-day as UiS
Commissioner of Parks.
Comptroller Green to-daypaid $100,000
to the Department or Docks.
The evening papers saj Chas. O'Conner
denies that ho expressed tbo opinion that
Tweed would not be punished, llo believes
lie can and will bo brought to Jti*tlco.
The report published is said to be
tlio opinion ol Judge Curtis.
At an early hour this morning Iiichard
D. Peyiter was discovered lying drunk on
the sidewalk On Broadway, and $11,000
In money wero iound on Ills person, and
$10,000 in South Carolina bonds scattered
about him.
The original poll list ol the First District,
Blxth Ward, In Brooklyn, haa been
itolon from the office ot the County Clerk.
The first cmttlctlon uilder the law for
the prevention of cruelty to animals look
place In Hudson county, Now Jersey, to'
Frederick F? Church, the artist, haa
been appointed a Contmissloner of Public
Parka.
Ilorrld Murder nt Cleveland.
Ct.Rvm.vnD, Nnv. 81.?John J. Swing,
mulatto, who resides at No. 24 C'cdnr
Btfeot, was found dead in a back room this
morning. Ills head was terribly haltered
with a hathintfr and a soldering Iron thrust
down his throat. The blood was scattered
all ovef the walls and floor, his clothing
torn and mutilated, and other indications
of a desperate struggle. Ills trunks were
all Broken otien ana rifled and the Itnttso
In general disorder. Bwlng was a widower,
living alone, and keeping a small
tin shop In the front part of his dwelling.
PITTsnURIJII.
I'tTTmuRciH, Nor. 81?In the case of
th? Tollman I'alace Car Company tt
Jonah WoodrnfT A Co., In tho U. 8. Circuit
Court, the motion for a preliminary
injunction to restrain the use of the recent
patent of Woodruff for improved steeping
coaches was withdrawn by the plaintiff.
This is claimed to bca triumph Tor Woodruff.
Illness of f.ient. <lov. Dunn, of
iRrfmnn.
Nitvr Obi.ranh, Not. SI.?Lieut Gov.
Donn is tery 111 of congestion nl llic
lungs. His physicians despair ol his recovery.

?A three story brick honso in Alton,
III., occupied hy John D??son as n saloon,
was tmrned Snnday morning. Ijoss about
115,000; Insured for |7,f>00.
WASHINGTON.
WAawxaTON, Nov. 81. Treasurer
Spinner in his annual report, complains of
the increasing delay on the put of some
banks in making their returna and payment
ot duty. Ho recommends a per
centago upon such duty, bo added to it
(or every ten daya delay after tho month
allowed by law. Mr. Spinner reportstho
receipts ot tho fiscal year, including balance,
at f 149,r>03,471; in tho Treasury
JuneUOtb, 1870, were (080,904,340; expenditures,
|870,988,873; balance In Treasury
June 80th, 1871, was |109,U17,477.
The total number of National Banks June
80th, 1871, was 1,8110.
ijy virtue 01 the authority vestou in uio
President by Ibo Internal revenue act of
July 11, 1870, he lias ordered that the
supervising district comprising the States
of Alabama and Mississlpptlie annexed
to and united with the State of Tennessee
and hereafter constitute but one supervisory
district The ordor is to toko eilcct
on and alter December 1st next.
Francis A. Walker, who was to day appointed
Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
will, by Resignation of the Secretary of
the Interior, continue to act as Superintendent
ol the Census until Its completion.
Washington, Nov. 21.?'The Commissioner
of Iuturnal Uevcnue rules that tlio
principal and interest of the new bonds
are exempt from taxation in any lorm,and
that this interest need not be included in
the amount upon which t dividend or
other taxea are required or are paid.
'l'he superintendent of the mounted recruiting
service is ordered to forward all
the available recruits to fill the cavalry,
which hjs been, under recent general orders,
assigned to duty in Arizonu.
Henry C. Slebbins has accepted the
appointment of Coinmisslmer of Publio
Parks.
Information lias been received hero
that tho United States Grand Jury for
Pima county, Arizona, lately in session,
found Indictments against soveral otil'
tens fur participating in tho Camp Grant
uiusoatiu, .aim man n^nillBi nuvuini judians
for the murder of settlors and
tradera. Tlio Orand Jury say that 500
neighbor friends and lellow citizens have
fallen by the murdering bands of the
Apache Indians.
COLORADO.
Widespread Know Storm?Fir* at
Kit Carina.
Dbnvkh, Nov. 21.?A severe wind and
Snow storm occurred hero Thursday night,
and continued until Ihe greater part of
Friday. Snow fell to tho depth of about
eight Inches at Denver, and at Central
City ten Inches. At Colorado Springs and
Pueblo the storm extended a great distance
east and south. The railroads are
all badly blocked up by snow drifts. The
telegraph wires on the Kansas Pacific
Kailroad arc badly prostrated TJ10 railroads
are now clear, i.n J unless we bavo a
heavy wind will bo kept open. Another
snow storm last night added about six
inches to that already on tho ground.
On Friday night, a flro broke out In a
barber shop in tho Ferry Hougo, at Kit
Carson. Tho entire block, Inclvhnng tho
Ferrv Houbo. several drv roods and fro
eery stores, tho post-office, two billiard i
halls, and a number of saloons and dwellings
were destroyed. Very little was
savedi NolnsuraHCO. Tbe loss Is estimated
at $100,000. The railroad depot and
warehouses, containing a largo lot of merchandise
en routo to Mew Mexico and
Arizona, wero on flro many times, and
wore only saved by the use of a number
of flro annlhilators by Uio employees.
ARKANSAS.
A Clayton Leflon Organizing.
iiittlb Hock, November 31.?The
(laiette to-day makes to expose ol a
sccrot military organization called tho
"ltoyal Blues, now being organized extensively
throughout this State under the
Instructions of senator Clayton. In this
Society none aro admitted who are unfriendly
lo Grant and Clayton. The
Gazette calls tho particular attention of tho
Ku-Klux Committee of Congress to this
society, and says Arkansas Is in a worse
condition to day than any of the Southern
States; that the voters of the State aro disfranchised
and tho elections are but farces.
Tho Govornor has tho powor to appoint
and remove nearly every officer in tho
should fall to embody these facta In their
report It will but substantiate what has
been repeatedly told, that the Committee
is a partisan ailalr In the interest of the
President.
The Weather To.Day.
Wl? D?n*TMXT, 1
Orrum or Tin Ontir 8mjm. Omin,
WAsnntaTon, D. 0., Not. II?17:80 p. v. 1
rnoBAniMTiKS.
Partially cloudy and pleasant weather
Is poeslble lor Wednesday lor the Bouth
Atlantic and Oulf coasts. The low barometer
In Canada will probably raova
eastward, with southwesterly winds on
the lakes, veering to the north. Threatening
and rainy weather will extend
very generally along the Middle and East
Atlantic emu Is. An area of clondy
weather will continue from the Ohio
Valley to the upper lakes and woatwnrd.
Dangerous winds are not anticipated for
coasts tills evening.
BOVT1I CAROLINA.
Fraudulent lssne ol RIate Bonds Confirmed.
Nrw Yobk,November 31.?A Tribune
dispatch from Bouth Carolina confirms
the reports of the fraudulent issue of
Btate bonds. Tho Governor charges the
Treasurer with a fraudulent Issue of bonds
or rather of reselling bonds which had
already been converted into new Domis.
The Btate Treasurer denies this ?ml nays
the Governor la misinformed. Tho remit
of the matter la that the State treasury
is empty anil tho credit uf the Btate
below par
The Recent Arizona Indian Hatchery
San Francisco, Not. 81.?'The coroner's
Jury of Wlchenburg, Arizona, found
a verdict that on the 5th day of November,
1871, that U. T. Adams, John Lent*,
Fred. W. Loring, Fred. W. Shalholm, W.
0. Salmon anil P. M. Illtnel, found
scalped, came to their death by gunshot
wounds received at the hands of Indians,
trailed towards tho Date's Creek rcserva
lion.
The San Francisco lfaUtUn of this
evening contains a scathing revlow of
Colyor's operations and reports, fully vindicating
ttin San Frnnrlapi, MrrMnnndpnt
of the Associated PreM from hU attack.
UanofO.iF^ Railroad Ratified.
Cutvr.r.Aitn, Not. 21.?At a meeting of
the atockholder* ofthe Clotelaml A Pittahnrih
Itallroad Company, In this city
to day, the Icmo of that road to the
Pennsylvania Central Company, *M ratifled
by a large majority.
FOREIGN.
ENGLAND.
The CollUlon at Liverpool.
London, November 31.?The vessels
sunk in Ihu Mersey, with all on board, are
Uia barque Mary linker, ol Boston, bound
irom Liverpool to Bermuda, and the
British ship Arrow, from Sierra Leoui lor
Liverpool.
Dispatches from Constantinople report
that cool, clear weather now prevail)
there. The cholera is decreasing daily.
The steamship Nevada ltusarrived out.
Von Beust, the newly ap|?inted minister
Irom Austria to the Court ol St. James,
is expected here this week.
KIPLOSION OK OAS ON Bllll'UOAItD.
LivniirooL, November 81.?'There was
an oinlotion oi cos on tha steamshin
Samaria Hut night. Swan persons wort)
slightly injured.
81>AIN.
IUukio, Nut. 21.?ThBsosslon of tbo
Cortes is prolonged until February next,
at which time it la probable that tUo present
ministry nil! contlnuo It. It is-also
announced that the government has resolred
to defer the Imposition of i tax ol
18 per cent on the interest of bonds until
it has been approved by the Cortes.
HOME.
Home, November 21.?The King of
Italy and the President of tho Hcnste,
Signer Leferrorl, aro ex pected to arrive in
tills city to day.
FUANCK*
Paris, Nov. 21.?Tho government has
resolved to support the motion for tho roturn
of the scat of government to Paris in
tho next fltssion of the Assembly.
UTAH.
Salt Lakb, Nov. 31.?The U. 8. District
Court resumed 1U sessions this morning,
Judge MoKean presiding. Tho cases
of the people m. John Iledding, assault
with Intent to kill; James liurrlngton,
WellB, lewd and lascivious cohabitation,
were passed by with consent of counsel.
In tbo cose of Brighnm Young, lor lowd
and lascivious cohabitation, lion. 0. Q.
llompsled moved that the trial bo continued
to the March term. The Prosecuting
Attorney objected?reinarking: "Wo only
know through the public newspapers that
he has passed beyond the jurisdiction of
this court, or at least out of this judicial
district. When ho is under recognition
here u> appear from day to day and not depart
without leave, if tho gentleman deslro
a continuance in tho case I will demand
a showing of the affidavit. Mr. Ilcmpated
rejoined that bis client was not absent
and did not intend to absent himself
from the Territory, but being in ill health
ho had gone South, as had been his custom
for several years past, and further,
on this occasion he had gone with the
entire approval of lila counsel, and whenever
the case might bo set for trial ho,
(Brlgbam Young) would be personally
present in court to answer tho charges
that might lie brought against him. Mr.
Ilcmpstcd concluded by assuring the
court that Ilrigham Young had not Qcd
Irom tlio Territory nor tho jurisdiction ol
the court, nor did he intend to do bo. He
time bis nresenco may be required, relying i
upon Ills counscl to make the statement
Hint I do make; that be is desirous ol not i
soming iu hero in cold weather, because
bis health Is fcoblo. If tho interests o( the
public service requiro it, bo will bo hero
it any time required by your Honor." i
Tho counsel Tor the prosecution objectsd
to a postponement, saying that they t
tvero ready now.
JudgeMcKean said.' "I will not at
present cither grant that motion or sot
Jown tbo case Tor any particular day. I
tvlll hold that under advisement." In tho
:ases ol Wm. Hickman, Dr. Wells. Hotea
Stout,-M. Meacham, Win. Kimball and
ithors, for murder; Henry Lawrence, O.
Dates and H. B. Clawson, for lascivious
:ohabltation. A motion for a continurace
was granted until noxt Monday.
An Indictment against Clawson, Asilstant
Superintendent of Zlon's Co-operative
Mercantile Institution, was found to-
Jay.
In tho case of Thomas Hawkins, Mr.
Baikln asked for a mittimus to consign
tbo prisoner to tho penitentiary. Tho
matter was taken under advisement.
Tho great mining suit of tho Eureka
Mining Company against Aspinwall,
of New York, ana others, was decided at
Provo this morning by tho Jury for tho I
plaintiffs. Tbo contcat waa for tbo title
rn thn If inff Divid Mini* It lit imtri thnt
I'ago anil others, who Bold Uio mint to
Aiplnwalt, put up a Job, knowing that
they bad no title. Tlio next trial, which
commences to-morrow, ter- for the May,
I Icnrlcttn and Bath mine*. They are
the most valuable, and the iuita In regard
to Ihcm are the moat important that over
occurred In the territory.
The weather Is cold, aud tno canons aro
lull of mow.
The Style of Man That Rneceeda
Mnrphr.
Nbw York, Not. 21.?Tho Tribune
says that General Arthur has some qualifications
for the Custom-house Collectorship,
that he lately held a $10,000 Tammany
office, from which he waa only
driven on the Tribune't exposure. Ho is
a devoted servant of the Murphy clique,
but he Is not personally objectionable us a
man.
CALIFORNIA.
Indictment or I<os Ancelos Rioters.
Bar Francisco, Nov. 21.?The Grand
Jury ol Los Angelos are finding numerous
indictments fur particpatlon in tho
butehcry ol the Chinese. Moat of tho Indicted
parties, not already in jail, have
lied from the country.
Boiler Emission at Clinton, lad>
Tkihib IlAtiTR, Not. 21.?A boiler exploded
at noon to-dsy in Crabb's flouring
mill, at Clinton, fifteen miles north of this
city, earning a total wreck of tbo mill, and
also of an adjoining planing mill. Barton
Colsv was killed and several others injured,
one perhaps fatally.
Progress or Chetapeaks A Ohio
Railroad.
CtRCTHNATt, Nor. 21 .?The Chesapeake
A Ohio railroad will be finished between
Huntington and Charleston, West Virginia,
this week. Cars will commenco
running on the 4th of December.
?A yonng man named Newton Johnson,
wss shot dead at Henry vllle, Indiana,
yesterday morning, by the accidental discharge
of a pistol In tlio bands of Augustas
Rchlsmm.
I?? FRANK
BLAIR INTERVIEWED.
The Ku>Klui, Acooidii) to lilt Observation
During Ike Recent I11vestigutloustn
the South.
St. Louis, Nov. Ul.?A, reporter of the
Kfliuhtican interviewed Senator Blair,
yesterday, lu regard to hid observations as
0 member ol the Sub Ku-Kiux Commitleo,
which litis J'.ISI cloned its investigations
in Alabama and Mississippi. The
following are the main poinis ol Mr.
Blair's statement:
The testimony of some two hundred
W1U1UH0CU Wim UtltUU ?JVUU1UM WimUWMM
chiufly negroca?whllo th(*o ol Mr. Blair
were gentlemen of education aoil prominence
in society. The evidence at lluntaviilu,
Alabama, showed that there existed
a system of wholesale plundering, car rieil
on through the government and individual
acta of the negroes, In consequence
of which the people in many
Instances were driven to tako (he law ink)
their own hands, and protect their property
by IulHcting punishment upon the
negroes. It was not shown In any
instanco that theso acts had anything to
do with politics. There aro many Instances
ol arson for plunder or revenge,
and a great many instances of rape, which
are Instantly and violently punished.
Apart from these things, there is no
more violence in the Boutu than in any
other part of the country. Tho imprisonment
of negroes does not repress plundering
by them. They don't regard it as
punishment. On tho contrary, a prison is
mora comfortable than their own cabins,
and it is no disgraco to be incarcerated. In
Sumplcr, Green and Hale counties many
ncgnies voted the Democratic ticket, and
theso counties have Democratic majorities.
The carpet-baggers had loft this region,
and an nttemiit was made to prove
that this wns tlio result ot tlio violence
And intimidation, but tlio effort entirely
filled.
Much tlio samo condition of things enisled
in various suctions of Mississippi,
bronght about by the plundering of negroes,
tlio policy of the Htato Government
under Gov. Alcorn, and the very vindictive
prosecution of the whites under the
Ku-Klux law. Borne three hundred Indictments
liavo been found in the United
States Courts against the whites on
very flimsy pretexts. In a great
majority ol cases tlio enforcement ol tho
act Is regarded as arbitrary and illegal
involving groat loci ami expense.
In regard to the proclamation of martial
law, Mr. Hlalr said tho pcoplo aro
approhensivo that If It bccomcs necessary
to carry tho elections, martial law will
bo declared by tho President They feel
that the wholu thing is a uiero trick of a
party to retain power. They are all convinced
that tho only way to stop theso
things and restore peace and harmony in
the South, is to accept the Missouri policy
proclaimed by tho 8t. Louis JltpuNitan,
and vole for Aomu libers! RenilblicAti to
dofoat (Irani, liitvo erneral amnesty
and repeal all of tho Ku-Klux laws. This
Is tho only thing that gives tho BoutUorn
poopio any hopo lor tho future. Hobo
ileves that if Grant is re elected, it will
come near depopulating tlio Southern
States of whlto people, as they cannot remain
there In safety under the present
condition of things.
*Mr. Blair stated that unfairness characterized
tho action of the committee in
taking testimony. The minority frequently
reserving witnesses until it was too
lata for him to procure rebutting testimony.
They only had ono real KuKlux
before them, a man who Joined tho Klan
In Humpter county, Alabama, a Whig before
tho war, and who had cast but one
rote since the war, and that for a radical.
Tho pcoplo do not hopo much good to
como out ol tho action of tho commltteo,
is thoy do not bellevotholr trueconditlon
will be reported. Tho only ray of Hope
that penetrates tlio Houth at present and
keeps the people from complete despoilioncy
is their faith in the success of a
passlvo policy.
THE WORLD'S INTERNAL REMEDY.
JOHNSON'S
rcneumaucuompouna
?aki>?
BLOOD PURIFIER.
joiok ik ITB action?f ikkanint of itf OVMM.
rhts medicine la the preacrlptlon of a worldrenowned
French Physician, who naed it In hl?
extenalve practice man/ jeara befur offerInn
It to the public In In preeent form bat
Anally becoming convinced of It* greet
curative properties, and desiring
to profit tboae Buffering from ttala
terrible dlaoABe, consented to
hive It pot up In bottlea
and aold at the
LOW PRICE OP ONK DOLLAR.
If nec'seary, we
might offer the certlflcAtee
of thoosanda who hAve
been cured by It, bnt the boat
recommendation we can giro Itia
k trial of one, two or three bottlea,
which will certAlnly relieve the moet
difficult caa*. Try It and bo convinced.
We have advertised this medicine for Bale
by Geo. U. Goodwin A Co., of Boston. A
care or the money refunded, and out of near
500 bottles sold at reUil.they have had bat 8 botUee
returned.
Sellers' Imperial Cough Hjrap.
The Imperial Cough Syrup contalne no iplrlttl
traa Ingredient whatever, and mav be nsed la all
eaaea not requiring active medical treatment
laat thirty yaara.
Prepared by
II E. SELLERS A 00.,
Whole win DruggliU, Plttibnrfh, Pa.
and loldbt drdooittt rvirywbmk.
n?r10 _
J^JIL B R10 A n
Artificial Stone Works,
WM. KRAU8E CO.,
PHII<ADftr.PH!A,
Hannfactarera of tho Dnrable and Beantlfbl
Artificial Pavement,
Pot Road it, Sidewalk* andOardenwalka, eqaal
to atone flawing, and coata from 95 to 75 per
cent leaa. Floora for Ice Hontet, Browerfea,
Kltcbena, Cellara, Ac. Floor Tilca forBtofoa,
Hotela, Ilalli, Ac., In a variety of Oolora. Ilonae
Pronta, and Walla covered In any color atone.
Cemetery Rncloanrea, Vaaea, Monawenta, Btepa,
Window Bill*, Door Bllla, Ac.
Office on Market atrect, In Hanallton'a new
block, opposite City Bank, where a apeclmen of
the parement can be aeen.
Ordera for tor of th? aboto received by
JA8. HAMILTON,
oct16 Oenrral Agent for West Va.
Q 0. KEMBLB,
Architect and Superintendent,
OFFICH No. 17 MARKHT AT.,
CAMDEN, X. J.
Ordere from a dlatanee will reeelre prompt ?ttent
Ion. oCM
J 8. FAIRFAX,
ARCIIITKCT AND BUPERlJfTRSDKNT.
Orncw-Craag! Block. Market St. Wheeling,
W. Va., tod 41N. Jd Rt., Zancetllle, O.
WTgrtelal attention gtren to Pa bile Batldloga.