The Daily Intelligencer, y AA7 U y ^?0 4 M U 4 The Weekly Intelligencer
~?Wz IkWbdoM 3Bi|:3TOUM|tfii(]^ ^sbf
Bt 5S iiS,*d co>':::::::::::,J2> ?ui orimwum,
^MSV'U:::.::::::::*8 _===================^^ 8's",0o^,fra;ffitt5.^::::,!S
Ulnbt of Ten 13 oo
YOL.XI. WHEELING, W. VA THURSDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 23 1871. NO. 79 SSS
Hix month*, In advanot, 1JJ And an extracopy to theperuon getting up Clnh.
Three month*. In advancc.... 10? *n. a
For Rent.
J10R KENT- f*
Ttio STOIiB ROOM tnd IWKIAINO*".
attached, on Main street, at present occupied by
Wui. P. Koth as a Confectionery.
novtl M. W. AMICK.
F,JH KENT m
OXS STORE BOOM OX MAIN 7'.
occupied at present bj C. Lldci, bair dresserand
wig maker. For further parttculara inquire of
A. aciIWBKTFBUKK,
novlT HO Mala stroeL
DIOR RENT.?THE SPACIOUS#*
L1 1st and 2d story War?roon?a and B)||
cellar beneath, ou the Kaat aide uf Market**
street, and adjoining the Grocery store of K. J.
Smyth, occupied at present by the Messrs. Hubbard*
aa Furniture warerooms. They have a
depth ?t 110 foot and a front of 38 feet; the lower
atory front of which la filled with plate glaaa.
Thi) lorjitlon la No. 1. and recommend* Itaelf to
any huMnttsa requiring the spaco It offer*. Poasession
the 1st of April,
novlO WM. PAXTON, 4th atrcet.
FOR IIENT.?THE THREE**
atory Btoro llouae and Dwelling, on Bffl
Main atfeet, directly opposite the Grant*
llouae. and at present occupied by Winxenrled A
Hon, Watchmakera and Jewelers. To a good
tenant, tf dealred, the premlsol will be materially
altered and Improved. Its proximity to the
(Irani Homo and auapenalou Wld^e make It a
commanding buaineaa aland. Poaacaalon April
1st. Apply lo.
DDVlli WM. PAXTON, 4 th street
For Sale.
Dwelling norms Foit??
HALK.?I offer for sale tho boose In M||
wlilcb I now reside, situated ou John**
mreel, next house to alley between Fifth and
Hixth alreeta, Fourth ward, llouae contains aix
rooms, larn epantry and cellar, bake oven, water
convenient. The house la In good order.
uovtt* WILLIAM J. NE8BITT.
\7*ALUABLE PROPERTY FOR
V 8ALB.?A lot of ground near Dewey A
Vance's Mill, at head of Marahall atrect, 100 feet I
front by 971 deep, with a largo brick Dwelling
limine of hall and 11 rooma. Alao. a frame ten
close an rstato, by 8. L. UUTUBKHT,
novUJ Ileal Batata Agent. Monroe street. 1
"TjUlZA JANK ZANE, SAMUEL 1
Hi Hprlgg Zans. Cordelia Carr and Milton T.
Carr, Noah Zane, Hophla Kuaton and Alexander
Huston, and l'latoff Zano.
Daniel 0. List, Truatee.
In Chancery, Circuit Court for Ohio county,
West Va.
In pursuance of a docree of said Court made i
iu Una cause on the 99th day of December, 1870,
1 will offer for sale, on t
FRIDAY, the 15th day of December, 1871,
at the front door of the Court llouse lor Ohio
county, West Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
m the following real estato, Ivlug In the city of i
Wheel lug, on the welt side or Main street, viz:
The two valuable stores now occupied by D. t
A. Adler Co. and by i'oter K. Zlnn and others,
Ivinir between the bouses occupied by Harbour
Dlttinan and H. Kline. Also the property on c
Mine alilo of Main street now occupied by the
a hue Ntoro of Richard Porter, adjoining bouse f
owned by J. B. Bheppard.
TaiiMa or ttAi.a-One-flfth of purchase to bo
paid In cash and the balance In one, two, three
ami four years from day of sale, with Interest, I
notes with good security to be given for the deterred
payments, and uoeda of truat, at tbe expeine
of tbe purchaaer, aa further security on
the property sold. __ J
novlS DANIEL C. LIBT, Trustoe._ 1
Executoiio hale of heal j
K8TATK
In purauanceof the will of Martha Knox, de- J
ream], the mideralgned will, oti
FRIDAY, the 15th day of l)or.f 1871,
at the front door of tho Conrt Houao for Ohio i
fount/, Well Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
m fell the following valuable property, lying on
the wcat aide of Main a tree t In tho city of Wheel- V
Iuk. being lot No. two (S) and part of lot No. one
(I), being tho tame now occupied by Harbour A
Dlttman, by Oeorgo W. Kckhartand M. C. Hanc,
and by the dwelling liouae formerly occupied by 1
Mra. Martha Knox in her lifetime.
Tihmi or HiLi?One-fourth of the purchaao n
money to be paid in caah, or aa much more aa the t
purcbaw-ra maychooaeto pay; the remainder In c
four annual paymuntl, with Intrreit from date
payable semi-annually.' Negotiableuotea to be
given for the deferred Instalments, to bo aecured R
by deedaof trust anjl satisfactory Insurance on
property, at the ezpenae of the purchaser.
J AUKS P. ROGERS, 5
D. C. LIST, 1
novH Executors of Martlia Knox, dee'd.
fillm halk low and on easy t
1' TBRMH?A flrstclasa Tannery, two atory g
Hrlrk llutlding, 80 feet by 01, *rlth all thamod- j
The low price and location would make It
available for any other manufacturing purpose.
Alao a good Drlak Dwelling Houm with 10
routiit and full lot, on Hampden street.
W. V;IIOOB A DRO..
novl Market atreet
jj WELLING HOUSE
FOR SALE.
I "for for rale the hone In which I now re- Mf/k
vide, Mltnate on Joim street,* few doom HI
east of Fifth. The house la a lubstantlal .BUL
twoatory brlclt containing eight rooms, beallien
a hath room and kitchcn, and a flnlahed
attic, with a good collar, hot and cold water In
hath rooms. The houae la In good order and
well located and In every way a dealrable property,
bring bat a little over square from the
Post Office. There la alaoou tbe premlaea a good
BRIOK 8TAHLK,
sufficient for foar horn*, and a carriage houae.
Anyone wishing to purchase can examine the
premises at any lime.
aept? JNO. P.Mr?)KRMOT._
J8LAND LOTS FOR BALE.
Having lotd all ihe lota offered atfKIOeach,
eiccpt two, I now offer ten lot# fronting on the
east aide of Kim and Cheatnflt itreeU and
tending to the river. Price from $500 to $1,000
each, according to site and location. Ttrma.
one-fourth rash, residue In equal Installments at
one, two and three years.
JNO. P. GII/.'HRIBT.
anvil At Too Mill.
Hats and Caps.
WilB I.AH0E8T STOCK Of
HATS CAPS
B?cr brought Info the State of West Virginia,
to be found flit
HARPER BROS.
Hruil Honiie 1?, Wholesale Home 77 Main Bt.
AlUrclnrlted toc?ll andcuimlneonr Magnificat
Block of good*.
<*31 HAItrKR A BROS.
AM K K I C A N
Artificial Stone Works,1
WM. KRAU8E A CO.,
HIILADRMMIIA, t
Hannfaetnrfri of the DoraWe and noantlfnl r
Artificial Pavement, i
for Road*, Sidewalks andOardenwalks, eqnal
t? Mone (Uralnv amt rnato from tn n+T
lew. Floors for Ice Elonw*, Breweries, i
Ritrbon* Cellar*, Ac. Floor Tile* for Store*,
|f?ii0, Ac., In a variety of Oolort. I1on*e
rrontp, and Walla covered In any color atone.
jmetery Kneloanrea, Vaaea, Monti menta, Step*,
Window 9IIH, Doot glllK, Ac,
Ofllre on Market *trecL lit Hamilton'* new
opposite City Rank, wtiere apedmen of I
'ne ptvemem ran he necn. t
Orden for any of the abora received by
,,AB- "AMILTOM.
0ftl# General Agent for Weat Vt.
QhiSttttUijtmr.
What Carl Schurz Sara.
Carl Bchurs says In the Westlichc (Mo.)
l\?l, that the recent elections have proved
"beyond a doubt that Democratic t ruin pa
con no longer win. The Republican victories
aro hammering this conviction
deeper into the masses, and soon every
Democrat, who U not entirely blinded l>y
prcjuuicu, win outmuu uouviuccu mat uie
Democratic party exists ouly for the purpose
of keeping together the Republican
party, and to suffer itself to be beaten.
This state of mind will materially assist
the disintegration or the Democratic party,
and in this we see a great benefit to the
progress of our national institutions."
Tub paucity of the litginkr't telegraphic
report continues. There must
have been a pause In the work of repairing
tho lines over which that report
is supposed to come.
I'iiok. llKNitv says that tho observations
of the Bmithiioninn Institute, which
extend over a period of twenty years,
have as yet failed to confirm the popular
belief that the removal of the forests and
the cultivation of the soil tend to diminish
the amount of rain-fall.
Tiibius are eight female students in Uie
Iowa HUte University.
ADDITIONAL LOCAL.
Bad Gas.?If any city ever had worse
gas than that furnished Wheeling last
night, we pity It. For a time it was
ijucstlonablo whether we would bo nble
to get out a paper Tor this morning, hut
having supplied ourselves with tallow
dips, our compositors resumed work according
to tho fashion of ye olden time.
What's tho matter, Messrs. Gas Trustees 1
Snow.?It commenced snowing here
yesterday about 10 A. m., but disappeared
is rapidly as it fell for a time. Towards
ivenlng, however, there was a change In
he temperature, atyd by 0 p. if. all exterlal
objects were covered with a thin
nantle of purest white. The soot from
o day's tires in mills and dwellings will
:hange all this, and we will once more
jet down to black hard pan.
Maim are now due and will close at the
?ost Ofllce nt the hours mentioned below:
HAI.TIMOM OHIO RAILROAD.
Due. Clout.
Vay Mall 5:93 p. 6:00 A. V.
ifall Train 9:45 A. V. 8:00 p. M.
'ant Line 8:10 A. 4:90 p. v.
It. Lou In Biurets 19:10 p. m. 5:00 a. m.
I. W. V?. Way Mill.... 8:95 p. v. 10:00 a. m.
I1IMPPIRI.D RAILROAD.
Due. Closet.
'hrough 5:80 p. u. MO a. m.
VayMall 9*0 a. a. 3:00 p. u.
('I.KVILANU A PIT1WBUROU.
Due. Clot*i.
(all Train 11:45 a. m. 1: 40 p. v.
'Mrough 7:10 p. n. 5:00 a. m.
CRNTRAI. OHIO RAILROAD.
I*i e. Clotti.
VayMall 6:00 p. m. 8:C0 p,
'hrouiita 7:16 a. 8:00 p. m.
11:96 A. 10:40 A. M.
ng correspondent of the Pittsburgh Comiiireuil
contributes the following In relaInn
to the shipment of coal from that i
ity last week:
"A correspondent, In order to give the
lublic an Idea of the advantages of river
nd railroad carriage for Irelghts, makes
his Interesting calculation and comparton:
On Thursday and Friday last,
J70,000 bushels coat were snipped,
rhls equals 239,001 tuns. To carry Ibis
>y rail, at ten tuns to each car, would relulre
22,000 cars. With 25 cars to a
rain, 010 locomotives would bo necesary
to haul these trains. Allowing
liese trains to be ten minutes apart In
tartlng, 155 hours would bo spent in
turtin? them; and at that rate there
vould be 400 trains due in Cincinnati beore
the last one had left the city. All
liese trains combined would eitcnd a
Ilstance of nearly 145} miles,
bus: 22,000 cars, averaging thirty
feet in length, (180,880 feet; 010
ocomotlves and tenders, averaging
hrty-flve feet?ilflM feet; lor coupling,
15,500 feet?In all 750,055 Ifeet, or a frac
lull over I'M limes. it wuuiu uu biui|iiv
mpossible for the railways, with their
)resent equipments, to move this Imliense
muss o( bulky freight, and It they
vera ablo, they could not carry it hair so
cheaply. Since the shipments of coal
rom this port aggregato annually nine or
en times the amount above atated, the
mportance of the Ohio becomes still
nnreaptmrent. And, large as these shipnenta
arc, there must be added "to them 1
Kindreds or thnusanda of tuns of Iron,
>I?bs, agricultural Implements, Ac., car led
down in freight boats, which return
:o us laden wltlf cotton, tobacco, sugar,
jraln and other products. The great
wonder Is, why a great natural highway
ike the Ohio should have been neglected
10 long by the National Legislature, when
t might lie permanently Improved at a
noderatc cost?a cost insignificant when
compared with the advantages which It
would confer upon the nation."
The Weather To-Onr.
w*a DiriaTMtrr, I
limn or m Bmtr Biasal omnia,
tVAKiiiKsTow, D. C., Not. M?T:? r. u. I
FROBABtLimn.
The barometer will probablv rise on
Thursday on the lakes and In New Engand,
with cold westerly winds and
ilondy weather, and Tall In the southern
ind gull States with southwesterly winds
ind rising temperature. The cloudy
veather prevailing in the Iiocky Mounalns
will probably extend, with railing
mromcter and rising temperature Into the
Mississippi Valley. Dangerous winds are
lot anticipated lor our coast this evening.
LOUISVILLE.
LottttVftS Kr., November 29.?This
linrning Ous Hosier, whllo coupling cars
it the Short Line Depot, was caught beween
them and so baclly crushed that
ic died In A low hours.
Ity have gone to Chicago to buy Mrs.
)'(leary> cow on (peculation.
Abortion Cane at 81. Panl.
St. Paui., Nov. 22.?The coroner's jury i
*hlch belli an inquest on tlic body of i
Kate Cook, yesterday, brought In a rer- 1
llct of "died from the effect of niedlelnea 1
jlven by Mr*. Monti to produco abor- I
tlon." Mrs. Monti was arrested. I
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PRESS HEPOBT.
Exclusively to the Intelligencer.
(By tho Western Union Llua
Ofllco North-west cor. of Main and Mouroo its.)
ALEXIS.
The Voting Muu Write* Homo to lii>
'areola.
Alexia Won't Sleep in a Strange lleil.
Nbw Yokk, Nov. 22.?Last night
Priuco Alexis refused to sleep on tho gorgeous
bed provided for his use, hut preferred
his own hammock, which lmd
been conveyed to the hotel.
Niw Yokk, Nov. 23 ?Soon niter the
arrival nf tlin l.ntml linkn ?t his imurt
men la in the Clarendon Hotel, lie dispatched
the following message to his
father by cable:
To l/ui Kinptrur of Ituma, HI. I'derAurg:
My entry was a cordial and magnificent
reception- Tbore was n parade of
the militia and a general holiday in the
city.
[Signed.] Ai.kxis.
The same dispatch waa sent to the
Empress ol Russia in the Crimea.
on tiik way to the capita!,.
Haltiwhik, Nor. 28.?A special train
from New York, carrying tho Qrand
Duke Alexis and party, passed through
this city this evening, leaving Camden i
btation a few minutes after (1 o'clock.
DEMONSTRATION AT IIALTIMOMi.
Notwithstanding the lateness of Hie J
hour, crowd of several hundred persons 1
had auembled at the Philadelphia depot,
and on tho arrival of the train they broko j
forth In hearty cheers, in acknowledge
ment of which the Clrand Duke appeared
on tho platform of the car and lifted Ills 1
cap several times. At Camden street
depot still larger numbers were gathered. 1
Tho Grand Duko appeared on the rear
platform of tho car, and was received by
the crowd with three lieartv cheers and a 1
"tiger," which was gracefully recognlzcd
by tho Prince.
AlUllVAI. IT WASHINGTON.
Washington, November 22.?Tho
Grand Duke arrived on a special train at
seven-thirty. Tho depot was thronged
with a large crowd anxious to see Alexis. c
The Prince and suite being In citizens
dress were not recognized until they D
retched tho front of the building, and
then but by few. Uatacazy's carriage was
Id waiting and in it tho Uuke, Catacozy,
Admiral Polssct and the principal Hccrc- 0
tary took scats and were driven to tho
house of Oataca/.y. The rest of the suite r
proceeded to the Arlington Hotel. The c
Grand Duke Is tho only one of tho party
entertained by tho Kusslan Minister, v
Soon lifter the Duke was driven to
Minister Catocazy'a residence tho latter
called on Secretary Fish at the Arlington t
to ofllclally Inform him ol the arrival of t
tho Grand Duke, and to make preliminary
arrangements for bis presentation to the v
President to morrow, which will probably n
take place at noon. About half-past B
eight o'clock a number of foreign Minis- i
tcra called to pay their respects to tho ii
Grand Duke. v
Ii
NAN FRANCI8CO. t
a
Hiv NnnnH.r ?f'ni.l n
Benjamin Iiovett, or the ship Horatio
Harris, from New York, died and was
burled at sen.
Eastern cemcnt, it is reported, is being
ihipped hero heavily, selling hero at from
$3 00 to t3 SO per barrel.
Gen. Oru has been transferred from the J
command ol the Department of Califor-
nia to the Department ol the I'Utte. J
The weather is unusually warm and
dry. J
Last night was the warmest of the
season. It was impossible to sleep willi 11
the windows closed.
Hon. A. P. It. Saflbrd, Governor ol
Arizona, publishes an exhaustive review r'
ol tho Apache question In the Alia this j>
morning. Ho warmly endorses General
CJrook'i policy ol uniting tho friendly In-
liana against the Apaches. He says:
'They robbed and plundered tho citizens
3l this territory until tliey are Bick and 11
tired of war, and desire that the llow of P
blood shall stop. Had General Crook
zone on with bis plans It would havo
been but a few days before tho entire
tribes would have sued for pcaco unon
terms tbat would have insured tho safely
of lives and property of this Territory.
Any other kind of pcaco Is monstrous
crimo against this people and a swindle
upon tho Government and the whole q
peoplo, who are taxed to feed and clothe c1
the Indians. Tho more Indians fed and n
protector] at the poets, tho groater Inn
been destruction ol life nnd property, tad c
after remaining lor a time at the posts, n
tliey have, in every Instance, save one, ri
left without any pretended excuse and en- a
gaged In open war. Buch hu been our a
experience with the Apache Indians. He a
denounced Cloyer lor dodging through p
the country, retiming to see or hold com- a
munlcation with tlie white settlers, and o
treating with contempt nil overtures a
from Iticm. lie saya ho made c
no neaco with them, but only
bribed a lew unrepentant Indians with a
present to go on the reservation for a lew j
days and draw rations nnd clothing, and
go away on the war path ngaln. lie says
it would be cheaper lor the Oovcrnuicnt
to board the entire Apache nation at a
first class hotel than to havo such Ira-
tilitv, when Arizona, with proper pro-
tectlon would, within a lew years, I
produce 120,000,000 of gold and silver
annually. The Alia in an editorial,
endorses the Governor, and saya he can- I
not be accused of Ignorance of theaubjecl,
nor are his facts controverted, and llio rc-
iponslbility of the recent butcheries by J
the Apactoes, rests directly on Oolyer and
his associates.
I,onl?tllleC anal-Mfportal from Cin. c
elaaatl Chamber ol Commerce. r
Cincinnati, Not. 22.?At a meeting
of the Chamber of Commerce, this noon,
rcsoiiillmn were adopted to appoint a
committee to memorallr.e Congress toapproprlate
a sum of money to complete 1
the Louisville and Portland canal, and to
purchase the five shares owned by other
parties than tho United States, and to as-
sume control of the canal, and to abolish J
alt tolls; also to secure aid In co-operation
with Senators and Representatives ftom j
States Interested In navigating western l'
rivers. J
Railway Accident In Indiana.
Cincinnati, Nov. 22?The passenger
train on the Indianapolis .Innctlon railroad,
due here this morning, was thrown si
from the track by a broken rail, near II
Brownsville, Indiana. No lives were t'
loat, but one or two persons were slightly a
Injured. I'
NEW YORK CITY.
methodist missionary convention.
Nkw York, Nov. 22? A. Methodist
Missionary Convention was held here
yesterday in conncction wiili the anniversary
of the General Missionary fcJociety.
An essay on Foreign Missions was
read by Sir. Love, or Chicago. One
speaker stated that during the last seven
years only an average ol 12J per cent ol
$5,500,000 had been devoted to missionary
work among the heathen. The
money and energy were wasted in trying
to convert different denominations
here to the Methodist belief. Denominational
missionary work was severely deprecated.
Several speakers participated in
the discussion. A similar convention
will bo held next year.
Tin; missing poll-list of tbc Sixth ward,
Brooklyn, was discovered lust evening
stowed away with old papers,
HARVEST VOIl THE PICKPOCKETS.
The New York pickpockets did a
large business yesterday along the line of
the procession. Several arrests were reported,
and u great many accidents were
reported lust night from the excitement
&nd bustle attending tho procession.
While the procession was passing Union
Square a pair ol horses became frightened
and ran away, severely injuring three
ladies.
The brother ol Peter 11. Sweeney has
not lelt for Europe, but by tho advicc of
liis physicians went away from the city.
CONNOLLY WILL NOT TEACH."
It is denied that Ex-Controller Conlolly
will turn State's evldenco.
It is understood that Mayor Ilall has
)ffered the l'ark Commissioncrship to
:Jeorgo W. Vankort and William T. l
Ulodget. I
Connolly denies that he is going to n
Gurope. The Committee of Seventy
invo upprnved oi the acceptance by c
kebbius, of the appointment of Commissioner
of I'ublic Parks.
Tho Coroners waited on tho Comptrol
er this morning, in reaped 10 the salary
luo tUein. Tho Comptroller told them e
10 was unable to do anything till the Leg- n
ulature meets. _ a
At a meeting ?>f the New York Viaduct
ailroad, all ol tho Tammany directors re
igned and a new Board was elected, thus
reeiug the compnny from the incuhu9 ol
Pammany. a
Ilenry G. Htebbins was to-day sworn o
n as a Commissioner ol the Department
if Public Parks.
The naval ball to Alexis occurs on tho
light ol tho 28th. 1
There wero new eases ol small-pox
list week and twenty since Saturday.
Richard A. titorra has not been re- p
ppointed Deputy Comptroller. e
There Is a report that the Ninth Hegi- tl
nent Band is to go to Euro|M> on a con- c
crt tour. n
W. W. Corcoran sailed on tho Cuba, tl
irliieh took $170,000 in specie. m
Isaac \V. England, publisher of the Sun, d
ias been appointed school Commissioner q
ii mouity ueparunenioi ruwicinsiruc- ii
Ion, and aceopta. tl
The steamer Cily of New London, cl
rlilch wim burned Inst night, was valued p
t $175,000, for which amount she is in- ei
uredin the Hartford, Norwicli and New 01
1'ork insurance companies. The agent cl
11 this city, at 2 o'clock this afternoon, y>
ras uncertain whether any or the crew p
iad been lost, hut is almost certain that
lie steward, Henry Dugar, haa perished, tl
nd it is feared that several of hid com- tl
anions have shared alike fate. w
'rlendsMJonfcrence nt Wilmington,
Ohio.
Cincinnati, Nov. 22.?A spccinl savs
liat the Sixth Conference of the Teach- j,|
rs and Delegates of tho Friends' First S(
)ay (Sabbath) School of the United States q
nd Canada, convened at Wilmington,
>hio, this afternoon. David Hill, of Ohio,
ras appointed temporary chairman, nnd
Vm. 0. llubbard and Wm. llillis, secreirles.
N
Verbal reports were made by members w
om Philadelphia and other localities n'
slativo to the special blesBlng on Babath
Schools, the universal testimony be- "I
lg that no other means was bo cilleicnt
ir good, and that tho progress of the rt
letuodlst Church was largely owing to P1
10 religious education ot tlio children, rc
nd that the chief cause of tlio want of
rogrcss among the Friends was a nog-
!ct ol tho ciders to Instruct children.
Committees on Finance, Credentials,
fomlnatlons, and an Executive Commit- f
:o were then appointed.
CINCINNATI. p
Cincinnati, November 23.?'Tho ban- t|
uet tendered General Welticl by tho (r
illzens ol this city occurs at Heppor's g
oxt Wednesday evening.
M. W. Myers, Law Liblnrlan ol this
ounty, indicted for forgery and obtaining
loney under false pretences, tendered Ills
slgnntlon on Monday and It not being j
ctcd u|ion It was renewed to-day, wherepon
the Hoard of Trustees accepted It ,1
nd unanimously adopted a resolution
aying tribute to the Intelligence, zeal
nd fidelity with which ho had dlscharg- n,
d the duty as Librarian for ten years, and i,
ppolnted a commltteo of three to take
Iiarrrn n( llin 1 .Ihrnrv till n f.ilmrinn rnulil
0 appointed.
Ilstnke or Minister Hchenck?He v
Lowers the Feathers ol' the Amer. |n
lenn Ragle* 9I
Nf.w York, November 22.?The Lonon
KeonomUt having mentioned with tt
egret the apjtearance of the natne of 0
Inlted States Minister Hchenck as a p!
1 rector in one of the mining companies, m
rlth the remark 4hat commercial occuation
of any kind appears certainly to
e incompatible with the functions of a
Iplomatist, tlio New York I'otl to day
spresses u hope that our government n
rill Immediately recall Hchenck, who, It n
ays, by permitting his official position to a
romotc stock speculation, humiliates his j(
ountry, ami shows an utter want of
raped lor his high ofllcc.
ndlnnn (tmnd I.odge of Odd Fel> 'r
lows. (t
Inmanatolis, Nov. 22.?Tho Orand
fO*lge of 1.0.0. P closed their session toIglit.
The following ofllcers were elected
>r the ensuing year: Orand Master,
obn W. Mctjulmly, of New Albany;
i. u'.f/lni, ihaami
larmony; Representative to the Grand
?odge, W. II. PeWolf, of Vincennes;
I rand Secretary, R F. Uoater, of Indian
potift; Grand Treasurer, Thomas. P.
lounhey, of Indianapolis.
Cold 8nnp in the Northwest. Jj
Ht. Pam?, Nov. 22.?Tho thermometer
tood six degrces9 below zero at 7 o'clock
Ma morning. In somejnarts of the city, In
*o degrees lower. There is n large hi
mount ol ice in the river, and navigation c<
i practically closed. rc
FORBieisr.
ENGLAND.
Dilke ia Demand.
London, Nov. 23.?Sir Charles Dilke.
whoso recent address at Newcastle caused
such comment, will speak at a mass meeting
next week.
MAliINK DIS.ISTBRS.
Iieports of disasters to the shipping
continue to come in from all quarters.
The Egeria was driven ashore on the
Irish coast and became a total wreck.
Five ol her crew were drowned.
The rowing match Tor the championship
o( Tync, to day, was won by Iho
Tuyior crew, healing the Reufortba by
three lengths.
OELUIl'M.
Hiiusski.8, Nov. 23.?There waa an animated
debate today, in the Belgium
Chamber of Representatives, upon the
subject of the appointment as Governor
dI the Province or Llmburg, of M. Dicker,
former manager ol tlio Belgium school
system. The appointment was vigorously
attacked by the opposition, and warmly
delended by the government. The
Lin[K>piilurity of the appointee Is such that
:rowds of the populaco marched thTs evenng
to the Kings palaco, and loudly demanded
lor the dismissal of the Ministry.
In view ol these demonstrations, prcpnra;ions
has been made by the military for
he suppression of any disorder which
nay occur.
ITALY,
Promised Papnl Allocution.
Rom it, Nov. 33.?A consistory will bo
icld on Friday, for prcconlzatlon of
iUhops, when the l'ope will pronounce an
illocutlon, In which he Is expected to reer
to Lis course of connection with the I
nfllii. nllv l.u II,- l.'l,,,. i
SPAIN.
Madiiid, November 22.?It is now statd
tbat after tho election, changes will be
uado that will allow Admiral Tupelo
nd Bcnor Hagaatu to re enter tho cabinet.
AlINTIUA.
Pksth, November 22.?Froncla Deal,
n eminent Liberal statesman, la dangermsiy
ill.
CHICAGO.
'lie Delinquent Insurance Companies
to be Prosecuted.
Ciiicaho, Nov. 22.?A meeting of the
ollcy holders of the suspended insurance
ompanics was held at Standard Ilall
lis evening, Col. Messer presided. The
ommittee of ten, appointed at a previous c
lccting, made llieir report, in which
ley recommended tbat on executive 'i
nmiimii'o ol eleven do appointed, whose
uticH Bliull conslHt in appointing attor-
cys at all places whero tho suspended
isurance companies aro located, and that j
lev be instructed to present all tho j,
Inims of |K)licy holders, which, for that
urpose, aro to ho assigned by the hold- 0
rs to the committee. An assessment of B
no per cent is to be assessed on all poll- j
les for paying the expenses. Tho report ij
'as adopted and the committco op- t;
ointed. 1
Hon. William F. Coolbaugh addressed
io ineeling and expressed tho opinion
iat the conserted action proposed, ?i
wild Bavo ot least $1,000,000 to the t|
olicy holders. Tho meeting was very j
irgely attended, and tho action was
nanliiKMis. The following aro the names
f the Executive Committee: George i.
rmau, Natlian Mears, W. G. Ilibbord, ,i
G. Powers, 8. Belter, 0. M. I lender- i.
)ii,C. P. Kellogg, C. B. Falrwell, II. A. j(
ohn, 15. A. Jones, and Potter Palmer. g|
t]
TIIE WEST INDIES.
Port au I'niMCR, Nov. 0, via Havana,
lov. 22.?TIio case of tlio.steamer floret
remains unchanged. I,
The Spanish iron clad man-of-war Bar-
;ossa Is expected. t(
The Iluytiens havo reinforced the gar- j
son in tho lorta here, placed guna in g
nsition, and troops are being held in I
adinesa lor active service.
Cofloo la In demand at Aux Cayes, and 10
prion has an upward tendency.
Sr. Dominuo, November 0.?A shock ol t(
11 earthquake waa felt on the UOth of Oc- t
ilwr on tho Dominica, St. Vincent, St. c'
ttcla and other Ialanda.
St. Thmomas, Oct. 10, via. Havana,
'ov. 22.?The Captain ol the steamer t]
iorlda, now In Ibis port, called upon tho t,
morlcan Consul and demanded protec-
on, stating that he waa ready to proceed
sea, but waa alraid on account ol a
panlsh war vessel. J
OMAHA. C
Omaha, Nkb., Nov. 22.?Dr. l. P. Btodard
baa been sontcnced to ono year In
ic penitentiary for procuring an abor-
on. j,
Legal proceedings bavo been com- 0
lenced against the Union Pacific Trans
ortation Compnny for charging fifty D
rata each for tho lerrage of foot passen- i,
era across tlie ^Missouri river, tho laws i.
tho State permitting a charge of but
in cents. 9.
The mercury this tiorning was eight
egrees below 7.ero, The Missouri river rj
running full of Ice, which caused con- t|
dorablc delay to the boats this morning, g
The report of tho Legislative Commitie
of Washington Territory, on Hi e con-
Ition of the Treasurer's accounts for the G
sat two years, Bhows a worse state ol Cl
Tiiirn than exists in New York. j
Suspension or a ltnllnlo Urala I:
Dealer.
Biifkam), Nov. 22.?The suspension ol
L. Nims, a leading grain dealer, Is an- C
onnced. ills liabilities are a quarter of tl
million. Nlms says that if permitted s
manage his affairs, he will have assets tl
lfllclent to pay all his liabilities. He y
as an immense amount ol grain in store
I New York, hero and afloat. c
e
anadiaa Telegraphic Eaterprise. p
Ottawa, Out, Nov. 22?Congratn- J1
itory manages have passed between the
Iculenant Governor nf Manltoda.J and I1
le Governor General of the Dominion,
ii the completion of the telegraph to 'I
nrt Garry.
1 n
iinnnuiA. 1
Ati.anta, Not. 22.?'The LeginlKturo
u passed the election lilll lor (tovernnr
rcr the acting (Invcrniir'n reto by more tl
nn ?two-thirds ma|orlty. li
?The scow Samuel Hew?ril,wlth Inmtr
from Hamlin, Mlchljjnn, for Chicago,
fw Rono ashore nc?r Bheboygln. Win- S
main. The crew were laved by the li
iremie nutter Andy .Johnson. c
WASHINGTON.
Washington, November 23.?'Thomas
J. Durant, of Washington, I formerly of
Louisiana, had been appointed U. S. advocate
beiore the arbitrators to settle tho
elaims of American citizens against Spain,
in place of Caleb Cushing, resigned.
The Solicitor ol the Treasury decides
that any passenger steamboat carry petroleum
contrary to law is subject to seizure,
but the oil itself is not; also that, when
carried according to law, all petroleum
must be marked at what degree ot Pabren-
belt it will ignite. The transportation of
coal oil on passenger steamers is posi-
lively forbidden.
The Pacitlc States Republican Assoclu-
tiou last night elided the following olll-
cers to servo during the ensuing year:
President, H. Oartield, of Washington i
Ti'rritnrv vi, Pnul.lontc I IIIlL, 1
of Nevada, mill j, S. Ticknor, of California;
Treasurer, 8. 8. Thompson, of
Oregon,- Corresponding Secretary, J, 0.
I)e Jeslicr, of Washington Territory.
Chas. W. Beaton, ol New York, today
was appointed Chief Clerk in the
Pension Bureau, to fill the vacancy created
by the resignation of Maj. Johns.
J. E. White, ol Illinois, has been appointed
Assistant Superintendent of the
liailroad Mail Service of the Fifth Division,
via Geo. W. Wood, resigned.
Gen. Walker, the new Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, will enter upon his duties
Monday, lie did not Beck the ulliee, but
was solicited becauso of his peculiar fitness
tor it.
Dr. Daniels, who was ageut at Lake
Travcrs, has been appointed to lied
Cloud's agency, and Dr. Isley, of St.
Louis, agent lor Spotted Tail's Indiaus.
These agents wero appointed on the recommendation
of the Episcopal Church.
At the election here to-day lor delegates
lo the Territorial Legislature, and a loan
bill authorizing the creation of a debt by v
the issue ol f 1,000,000 lor special im-
movements and repairs in the District.
rhore was ft majority of probably $13,000,
in favor of, tho loan. Twenty Mopubli-
:ans and two loan Democrats uro elected i,
lotbo Legislature. It is estimated tbat
iO per cent of tlie votes cast are in favor
)f tlie loan.
0
UTAH. a
Ii
Salt Lake, November 21.?Tlio United tl
States Court met to day in tho now room a:
irovided by tbo U. B. Marshal, in Wod-
nan's building, on East Temple street, si
ioar Wells, Kurgo C'o.'s office. The fl
iloeo is a great improvement on tho old b1
mtabllsbment over Faust's stables, to p:
which tho Mormon papers were accus- ci
onieil to refor with exceeding diversion, it
Hie time of tho Court was occupied with oi
rarious unimportant motions. Nothing h
J? puDiic lniertm iranspireu. ct
The cornerstone of tho first Methodist d
ihlirch building in Halt Lake was laid ai
'esterday with considerable coreraony. la
rhere are now here regular church or- vi
sanitations of Methodists, Episcopalians, ii|
'resbytorlans and Hoinan Catholics. la
Over ono hundred and fifty thousand
lollars in silver bullion, wan received in c(
?st week, from the Ely mining district, so
Tho trains irom the East are still forty- tli
ight hours behind time, owing to snow fa
torras, Tho weather here Is very cold, a
teporla from tho Cottonwood nnd neigh- b<
oring mining camps, say tho snow ?u tli
lio level averages from three to four feet,
'here Is ovcryIndication ol a severe wilier.
Scientific parties are experimenting on
lie Ogden tin oro, and pronounce to-day ai
lint tho metal Is cadmium. It was first m
iscovereu uy rroi. Diringier, 01 uouenor.
Thb cadmium, is described as being te
early iu white as tin, but somewhat w
arder, and more tenacious. U is very u>
uetile and malleable, and susccptibio of a re
Igh polish, and as volatile as mercury. It dl
i said to be more valuable than tin. This tn
tatemcnt is creating a greater excitement 0
liati ail tho reports of tbo tin discoveries ra
TENNESSEE. Jjj
Nasiivii.i.b, November 28.?The lowor
ranch of the Legislature adopted today f'
Henato resolution ratifying tho contract ln
lease the State Prison to Messrs. P?
.oory and O'Connor for Ave years at
30,000 per annum. A bid ol $40,000 m'
or annum by responsible parties, sub-
dtted by a member Irom Davidson, was
ot entertained, because under tbo law >u,
10 Inspectors of I'rlsonB had authority V
i leaBo It, and tbo ratldcatlon of tbo JJJ
legislature was asked as a matter of
ourtesy. Tho leaso goes into effect lm- 011
lediateiy.
Tlie tax on commercial drummers, or Bc
avelers, was repealed by tho IIouso ol (fn
lepresentnlives to-day. The House also
assed on Its last reading a general tax V
111, fixing the State tax at 40 cents on
100 worth of property. The 1)111 goes to
io Senate, which will not materially
hango It.
ARKANSAS. Tl
Litti.e Rock, Nov. 22.--Hen Goings
colored) was accldontally killed In Ash- Ja
iy county, on Thursday, by a tree lolling co
n him. v
A band of about twenty disguised men en
assed through Ilicliwood, In Randolph j]t
onnty, a few nights ago. They did no ev
arm, save to frighten a few citizens |n
rhom thoy called to their doors. They |)C
lid they were In search of a man. Their jj
Mtume was sold to have been frightful. Tj
'hey were supposed to liavo been a por- m
on ol a band which recently infested ?c
toddard county, Missouri. |j(
Nearly nil the Clayton ofilclal orenns
I this State have hoisted the names ol |8
Irant and Clayton as the Republican w,
dniliilates for President and Vice 1'rcBl- n,
ML lo
tenth of Lieut. Governor Dung, of
Louisiana.
New Orleans, November 23.?Lieut,
lovernor Oscar J. Dunn, died at 0 o'clock pf
Ills morning, at his residence, !W2 Canal gt
treet, aller three days' Illness, of conges- pc
ion of the brain ami lungs, aged flfty ono |o
ears. co
The City Council and a number of so- re
III and political societies and clubs have jl
sell passed resolutions of regret and sym- w
athv at the death of Lieutenant Oover- m
or Dunn. The funeral will take place n|
9-morrow alternoon. The courts ad- (j
itirncd today and business at the City to
fall will be suspended to morrow In re- ea
pect for the deceased. |H
There will be a general holiday to- |h
ioitow on account or the Fair business. |>j
'lie houses close at 11 a. h. Bi
re
^noitrn ni iinmnx. go
Halifax, Not. 22.?It in reported lieie
lint three cased of cholera lmvn tcrmlna'(I
totally in a Tillage near Ibis city.
In
?The last timber was put in place on lei
lie Waliasl' bridge of the Bt. Jjouls A fa
ontheaatern railroad, Wednesday, and w
rains are running tliroiiRli without w
hange. cl
Steamer Burned on a Connecticut
Biver?Unlf Dozen M?e? lost.
Nkw London, Conn., November 33.?
The freight and passenger steamer, City i
ol New London, which lett New York i
last evening, with freight only, lor Nor- 1
wich, was burned this morning on tho
Thames river. Home of the crew were t
lout.
Nouwicn, Conn., November 23.?Par-
titulars of the burning of the steamer 1
City of New Loudon, of the Nurwich and
New York Line, mate that the spread ol I
the flames having rcudcred the boats and
lile-prcservers inaccessible, the passengers 11
Lliruw Ilirmtulvi-H Into llin wulor rUiiir.
ing to portions of the cargo which had
liecn thrown ovcrboiid, those who were u
ible to swim reached tho shore. Some
wcro picked up ill tin exhausted condition.
Some half dozen ol tho crew und pasicngcni
arc still missing and it is learcd
lltey havu been lost; among whom is 0. r
U. lingers, of this cily. The boat and tj
iargo will be an entire loss. There is
;reat cxcitcmcnt here as to thu fata of tho c:
msscngers mid crew.
The following persons are now known JJ
o have been lost on the steamer t'ity ol'
<ew London: C. II. Itogcrs, Win. L. Noron,
Harrison Altlrick, passengers; Malt
laker, engineer; Harry Dugan, steward. r(
Nonwicit, Conn., Nov. 22.?Tho loss w
if life by tho City ol New London dis- U1
ister is greater than at first anticipated. 41
Pliero were only seven passengers, but of
bese William T. Norton, ol tho llrm ol T
Norton Hroa., 0. U. lingers, of the llrm of
11. liogers Co., and Harrison li. Aid- In
icli, all of this city, were lost. 01 the in
Ulcers and deck hands known to be lost at
rai, W. I'. Ely, ol Hamburg, second ui
late; W. W. linker, of Norwich, en- lit
ineer; Henry Dugan, of New London, h<
teward; Albert Cooper, second cook; tit
'rank Planar, residence unknown, waiter; dl
vnrrcn Mitchell, mien uriscoii, Human,
Patrick Mahony nnd Thomas Rmirk
rere deckhands. The New London carled
a heavy cargo of freight, principally m
otton, roga, groceries, leather, hides, etc,, nil
fhich, together with thu boat Is a total |n
Ms, on account of the absence of the
lanager from the city. It Is impossible
ascertain the Insurance, but It Is undertood
that tho hoat was Insured lor $180,00.
Tho flro extinguishing apparatus
nd life Bavlng apparatus wero ample and
1 perfect order, but the rapid spread of
le flames cut off approach to the boatH a,:
nd saloon, where the life preservers
'ere. Tho passengers and crew had to
ivo themselves by grasping to such
oatlng matter as fell overboard from the P?
urnlng boat. Tho officers of the boat, Mi
artlcufarly the Captain and engineer, re- tin
jive great praise for coolness and bravery to
i their trying position, escaping by lowring
himself from tho paudlo box by Tl
caving a line, when all avenues of
icapo wero closed by tho flames, and
iinging to the paddles until rescued in na
:i exhausted condition, and the latter tin
sing his llfo after giving tho life preser-
3r, which ho got Iroin Ills room on tho i
piier deck at tho last moment to the only
(ly passenger, who, by its aid, was saved, 'i
The origin of the lire is a matter of un- J."
sruumy, inn is Bup|x>seu 10 nave, in an
imo way, occurred in tho kllclien when
10 cook went to kindle the fire lor break- T
at. Ono account states that it was by
poker heated by raking down the fire
;lng hung against the pino partition, but
lerc is nothing reliable known. ty,
wh
Woman-SuU'ragc Convention.
PitiiiADKLPHtA, November 21.?At the Jr?
mual Convention of the American Wo- w?
an Buflrogo Association today four
on States were represented. Mrs. Coul- 'lo
r, of Illinois, presided. Hcsoiutions Ui
ero adopted declaring woman suffrage
be tiio primary ohjet; demanding the or'
moval of the legal industrial educational run
nobilities, and asking Congress to cs- or
blish woman suffrage In tho territories.
ther resolutions favoring woman suff- v
go wero adopted. {f'<
I'liii.ADKi.PHii, Nov. 22.?At a meetg
of tho Woman's Suffrage Association
-day. a resolution was adopted affirming
at tho woman's enfranchisement means
cater purity, constancy and permnncnco r
marriage. That tho discussion ol tornranee,
[>eace and other reforms, is eduting
woman to their duty as voters, and >ti
cn to need woman suffrage. Tho Ex- "1
uuvu v>wiuiiiuiuu who iu?|uumcu w |>iudo
competent speakers to aguo woman's i
flroge kcloro the Stato Legislature next
Inter. Lucy Stone, was elected Presilit,
and a Vico President from every Bm
ate clectcd. Julia Ward Howe, wan
rctcd Chairman of the Exccutlvo Com-
Ittee.and Mary Grow, Corresponding
cretiiry, Reports wero made by dele Bu
.tea from fourteen Stato's Sociotlcs. In
o evening addresses wero made by T
larlos Burleight, Margaret Campbell,
ila Bowles,iElizabeth Churchill, ;Lucy
ono and Julia Ward llowe. The au- Pr
enco to-day was large, and great enthuism
was manliested.
l,
Om
he Republican Opposition to Urant. sti
Nkw YonK, Nov. 82.?A special dis- A
itch from Washington to tho Herald
ys: "The Democratic and Republican
alltlon against (Irant, tho movers Of Fr
lilch pnrpoBO holding a secret conferment
ilarrlsburg, thougii not now deled,
lion been bruited about for days;
en Mr. Evarts, when he wss In Wash- 8'
ston some weeks ago, was lar Irom
ling reserved in his views of tho expoency
ol Oram's renominatlon. The j*
ctory over Tammany is tlio Inspiring
nllvo for this sudden gathering, to-
ither with the sore-heads, and the be-
if whlcli prevails among tho leaders
ho aro to engineer tho now movement,
founded on the possibility that tho
nrk of relorm, pnce begun, may sweep
o whole country. Thel'rcsldcntscems 0
bo ignorant of the movement." 5
A Lamentation from the Pope. J
Nkw York, November 23.?a Paris .f'
iper has an account of an Interview
anted by the Pope to a largo body of
irsons. One of tho number asking how
ng tho oppression of tho Church would mtinuc,
the Popo replied: "Wo should T"
sign ourselves to the will or the Most J.I
Igh, and pray without ceasing for the IV
hole world, for everywhere evil is
sking feartul progress. In France, lm- T
ety Is now again lilting its head. In W
ermany heresy Is making great efforts
oppress the Christian religion, and to
tabltoli II" own grentnc* upon It* ruins;
it what Is atlll moro lamentah'.o la that A
l.i impioua movement la countenanced n
r llic government In HuaaU, Rnaln,
vitzerland, and Indeed everywhere, I
volution aeeka triumph to drag down
ciety Into the aliyaa of evil.
Mali Car named In Ohio,
Cincinnati, Nov. 89.?Aa a paaaenger "VJ
(In on Uie Little Miami railroad, which j
It New York. Monday evening, pawed mdon,
Ohio, laat evening, a haggagc ear U
iu discovered to lie on fire. The train
m atopped, but the ear and rontenta, Innding
the mall waadeatroved. n<
The Mexican Revolution.
Nkw Youk, Nov. 22 Dispatches from
Uatamoras any Hint the revolutionary
noveuicnt is becoming general in Mexico,
leneral Roclia wiis marching to the relet
of baltillo as that place was severely
pressed by revolutionists, so that
lie speedy issue of a contest at that point
vas imminent, (icncral Alatorre was
mgaged in constant observation of the
uovements at Oxaca, and Diaz was busy
u fortifying the place. Juarez has retented
his request to Congress for a parlamentary
vote of extraordinary powers
a the President.
Mexican citizens have subscribed money
)r the rellefof Chicago, and lor the aid
I the sufferers by llie lire in Wisconsin.
ST. LOUIS.
St. Louis, November 33.?Anna liaryan,
an actress, well known in Chlcao
and other places, camo hero a few
ays ago in feeble health, the result of
(|Kisuro during the Chicago liro, and
led at the Monroe House today, through
re incorrect administration of a duao of
IcMunn'a Kxlir of Opium.
Barney Hoss, rocently employed on the
hicago, Indianapolis Cincinnati rail)ad,
jumped from the steamer IliinUvllio
hen above Alton to day, while laboring
ruler an attack of the uellrium.tromens,
id was drowned.
hrowu from n Wifoo and Killed.
Cincinnati, Nov. 23.?At Middlotown,
st evening, Jerry Crosby was standing
a wagon assisting to loud a heavy box
tlio railroad depot; when, from soma
iknown cause, the horses started tj run,
rowing Crosby from the wagon, Ills
lad striking a stone, which fractured
id skull, from the effects of which ho
ed shortly alter.
Ililllurd Match nl New Orleans.
NrwOiu.kans, Nov. 23.?Tho second
?tch game ol billiards between Dion
id Miller resulted as follows: Dion,71)
uings; 500 points; largest run, 105.
Iller, 215; largest run, 211.
l'hilatleliiliin Foundry lliirned.
Philadelphia. Nov. 22.?W. 0. Case's
rge machine shop and foundry were
irned last night. Loss, $25,000; insurico,
$10,000.
Ice In (ho Upper Mlnslnnippi*
Milwaukee, Nov. 22.?A special distcli
from La Crosse, Wis., nays the
ississippi is tilled with floating ico and
it there is a prospect of a gorgu, owing
the low stage of water.
lie Ilarrisburg Conference a Canard.
New Yoiik, Nov. 22.?Gen. Duller de*
unces as a canard the whole story of
o llarrisburg Conlerenco.
[WANT SUPPLIED."
'o supply a want folt for a real gennlno good
Iclo or ttoap at a roasonahlo price, tho under*
nod lsnow manufacturing such an article, as
testify who huvo scon and used
he Favorite Soap,
lanufacturcd hy B HBID, Wheeling, W. Va.
claim that It cannot ho excelled, 1st, In purlind
quality; 'id, In economy bccauso^lt In
en exposed to tlio atmosphere, llko most
psdc>. It will thereforo waahhalf as much
roas the soaps now In market at tlio saino
!o 5 8d. For perfection In washing. Yon must
ill with 11 puro, clean soap,or you cannot have
in, whlto clothes. Uh Oh Vatorlte Hoap and
I will havo no tnoro trouble getting your
thes whlto and faultless, and guaranteo that
rill not lnjnro the skin or tbo most delicate
rlcs. 4 tli. 1 claim for It an advantsgo over all
era In thai It will boar leaving In water for 8
10 honra without Injuring it. Other soaps aru
dered useless hy forgetting them in the tub
basin after nslng. rlcasu enquire o! your
cor for the Favorite Hoop, and you will bo
vlnced that it Is the best.
autiok.?Kach bar Is stamped "ivln#rv and
ihanlci' Favorite Htmn, manufactured by K.
i. WbtUng. W, Kd/
I an u facto rcu and sold at wholesalo hy
BDWAKD Kit ID,
Hoap and Candle Manufacturer,
lgtt Wheeling. W. Va.
III BAP PAHM8! FHEK IIOMK8I
on tiih mnk or tub
VION PACIFIC ItAILI10AD.
2,0 0 OVOOOTO RES
OF Till
t Farming and Mining Lands In America.
000.000 Acres of Ohoico Farming and Orar.lng
Lands on tlio lino of the road, in tbo
t? of Nebraska, In the (Jrent Platte Valley,
now fob sals, for cash or long crcdlt.
hrse lands are in a mild and hoalthv climate.
for urnln-Krowltig and itock-ralilntf, umnricd
by any In the United Btatea.
Iccb rnn&o from |ii to $10 per Acre.
noMIBTBADI run ACTUAL BITTLIIta.
fiOO.OOO Acres of Oo?ernment Land between
alia arid North Platte, open for entry aalloififOLD1BH9
OF TIIE LATE WAll
a iii rntitlru to a
00 Homestead of 100 Aores,
Within Railroad limit*, equal to a
[RKOT BOUNTY OF $4,00.
end for the new edition of descriptive pamst.
with new map*, mailed free everywhere,
ddrem O. F. DAVIS,
Land CommliMoner, U.P. R. R. Co.,
IMaw Omaha, Neb.
1 C. K E M n L E,
cliltcct and Superintendent,
OFFICE: No.? MAKKBT bt.,
CAMDEN, N. J,
rdera from a dlaUnco will receive prompt attlon.
ocH
8. FAIHFAX,
H CHIT HOT AND RVPKR IN TEND EN T.
rtcw-C'rangJrt Block. Market St, Wheeling,
W. Va., and 41N. Id St., Zanearllle, 0.
irti
HO COFFEE.?250 BA08 1'niME
L to cholco Rio Coffee. Just received and
sale by
0 M. H11LLT.
UBT RECEIVED?
20 KejfB Sansa Casing*.
11 Barrels new No. SMarkcrrl.
15 do. No. S do.
15 Half Rarrela No. .1 do.
15 do. No. t do.
BO hit* No. 1 do.
o?15 LIBT, DAVRNPORT A PARK8,
AUNDRY SOAP.
115 Boxc# Cramoton.
ts Rtrrlfnir.
100 Chemical Ollvo
100 Chemical Lanndry. For file by
36 LIST, DAVENPORT A PARKS.
[TINTEU STRAINED LARD 01
V ?80 Barrel* Rxtr* Roflned. For mIh by
iv 1 LIST, DAYREPORT A PARKS.
TAR CANDLES.
30 bote* 7i Candle*.
t0 h*lf l?o*wi do.
JO boxen Hotel do. Jnat received by
at7 UST. DAVRNPORT A PARKS.