A ?*r^i*''Aster*. ?H>?i
COAL UINE DISASTER-COH??DSORY KDU
GATTON AND MILITABY '8EUVICE IN
PRANCE-QLADSTON B'S srsEca AT THE
LORD MAYO B'S BANQUET-TUB WHALING
DISASTER ATJBTnlAN CABINET CHANGES, j
VABIB, November 9.-The coal mine
near tit. Etienne caved in while ganga of
mon wero at Work. None yet recovered
alive. Twenty-two bodies have been re?
covered. Thirty uro ?till tn tho pit, all
eqppoBed to be dead.
Thiers yields to compulsory military
service, as necessary to keep the army to
the efficient standard.
Several departments have adopted
compulsory education. Others have de?
clared in favor of compulsory ednaution,
and there ia good reason to believe that
all the departments will carry compul?
sory education into practical offed.
PARIS, November iO.-Thiers in?
spected the military sohool at St. Mauer.
The Bpooial Frenoh mission to Metz has
been withdrawn.
VIENNA, November 10. -The Emperor
addressed a letter to Von Bnest, thanking
him for his past services and appointing
him for life a member of the Upper
Beiohstrath.
LONDON, November 10.-The Lord
Mayor's banquet was brilliant. Glad?
stane, responding to a toast to her Ma?
jesty, stated that at the present moment,
England had no quarrel, lead or con?
troversy with a foreign power anywhere
on the wide surface of the globe. Ho
was glad England's peculiar position re?
moved her from the risks ot European
dissensions. Peaoe was never so certain
as now. He believed the sentiments of
friendship and attachment between
Great Britain and the United States were
universally felt in tho breasts of both
nations. The treaty of Washington
obviated futuro controversies. England
had tittio to four from internal trouble.
The schemes of tho international society
cause ho apprehension here.
NIGHT DESPATCHES.
LONDON, November 10.-The disaster
to ttio whaling fleet caused an immediate
adbanae in sperm oil hero. Nuvigalion
in tho Bsltio is closed for the treason by
.iee..
ROME, November 10.-Apartmonts for
the permanent residence of the King ure
preparing in Q.iierinial Pallico.
BEWLIN, November 10.-The statue to
the poet Schiller was unveiled in the
presence of the royal family. The
crowd was largo and enthusiastic.
The German Gazette officially says thu
oh auges in the Austrian cabinet will not
affect the relations butween Germany
and. Austria.
American 1 mullKfenoc.
NOON DESPATCHES.
KAIl/itOAD ITEMS-OVER DOSE OF SHOT
EARTHQUAKE-SNO^T-MARINE DISAS?
TERS -SMALL FOX IN NEW YORK -NO
MARTIAL IJAW FOR QBOItOIA-OIIARQKS
AGAINST INDIAN COMMISSIONERS, AO., AO.
NEW .YORK, November 9.-It is ru?
mored that Mayor Hull intends to resign
before the organization of tho now mu?
nicipal boards.
It is believed that John tl. Koysor in
traveling in Florida for his health. His
partner says Keyser's property at Aiken,
S. C., was ptirouased months ago for the
purpose of establishing a hospital for
Northern invalids.
Tho Supreme Court reversed tho judg?
ment giving Capt. Samuels d5,0U0 for
the alleged libel by tho Scening Post.
A man died at the hospital from swal?
lowing half a pound of shot for consti?
pation of the bowels, prescribed by au
old woman.
The Cleveland Insurance Company, of
Cleveland, Ohio, has gone into liquida?
tion.
Tweed says ho will be ready to answer
warrants when the twenty days are up.
Marshal Sharp, fearing Jim Irving's
friends would attempt to rescue him from
Lndlow jail, ordered his removal to a
Federal fort.
CHICAGO, November 9.-Tho Western
extension of the Baltimoro and Ohio
Railroad is to come into this oity ou tho
track of tho Illinois Central Railroad
from Caloernot Station. These compa?
nies, together with the Michigan Central
and Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
Railroads, will build u Union Pusseuger
Depot for this purpose. It is under?
stood that thoy will apply to tho city to
sell thom all that part of Lake Park
North of Yan Buren street, npou which
they propose to build the finest depot iu
the world.
WILMINGTON, DEL November 9.-W.
S. Tnst suicided with a pistol. Causo:
Love, opium and whiskey.
There are only Ave cases of small-pox
in Wilmington.
Grace Church subscribed 82,000 to
aid the Methodist denomination in Chi?
cago.
DENVER, COI*., November 9.-There
was a blight earthquake, lasting from ten
to fifteen seoonds, this morning. There
was no damage.
CINCINNATI, November 10.-A passen?
ger trutn on tho Cincinnati, Indianapo?
lis and Junction Railroad was thrown
from the track yesterday; ten wero no?
vio us ly injured.
SALT LAKE, November 10.-General
Anger, assigned to the command of
Texas, left yoiiterday for Washington.
DETROIT, November 10.-Tho New
iron steamer India, was sunk in Sault
St. Marie River. No particulars.
NEW ORLEANS, November 10.-The
protest of the Underwriters, press and
the people will probably canse tho city
administrators to roscind tbo resolutions
establishing a paid fire department, in
placo of the present volunteer system.
Tbo Chicago fire is cited against a
paid fire department.
NORFOLK, November 10.-The canal
?teamer Astoria, with a cargo of ootton
and naval stores, was barned and sutk
at her wharf thia morning. The origin
of the fire is unknown, Loss $15,000;
no insurance on the boat.
ST. BOO SL^r l(?^(XXf?
of .?took of the Northern Missouri Road,
owned by this Goon ty, was sold at $85,
?00; the purchasers to asa a me fees and
other expenses inijvjtred in the snit now
pending against the company.
NEW YORK, November 10.-Charles
Swann, a nephew of Governor Swann,
of Maryland, waa mn over by a mail
wagoo aad seriously injured.
FORT WATNE, INDIANA, November ?0.
A. boiler nt the railroad blacksmith
shop exploded. Six injured.
PouoBrKUKFsiqJtt?BW YORK, November
10.-The first snow here fell to-day.
NIGHT DESPATCHES.
WASHINGTON, November 10.-Gov.
Sam. Bard, lately of the True Georgian,
will resume journalism in n few weeks.
A foll, prolonged Cabinet meeting con?
sidered civil Berrico matters.
The Southern Claims Commission wi 1
close ita sessions temporarily on the 15th,
to prepare a report for Congress. It ie
oxpeoted it will resume its sessions io
December.'
Maj. George D. Bugglos, Assislaul
Adjutant-Genend, ban been ordered tc
report to the Department of Texas.
There is no present intention of de
daring martial law in Georgia or else
where, there being nothing in tho prc
sent oonditiou of affairs to warraut suet
a measure. Senator Scott, who, it i:
?aid, urged the measure, himself doniei
it.
Probabilities-Hising barometer, witl
olear and clearing weather, will probably
Eroyuil on Saturday from New York t<
nike Superior and Southward to tin
Gulf. The Btorm in New York wil
probably pasB North-eastward over Nev
England, reaching Nova Scotia Saturday
night, the high North-west winds ot
Lake Erie and New Jersey folio win;
closely iu its rear. Cautionary signal
are ordered fur this eveuing at Cleve
land, Buffalo, Oswego, Capo May, Ne?.
York, New london, Boston aud Port
lund.
t?AN FRANCISCO. November 10.-Th
United States grand jury of Tucson
Ariz >na, mike formal charges ngaiuf
the managers of tho Iudiau reservation
in the territory, showing that th
Apaches were allowed to leave aud go
the war path at will. They specif
numerous murders committed by the Ii
liiaus. They are supplied with urtu
uud nm inclinion, and their women pro:
ti tuted by tho o llicers iu charge.
NEW YonK. November 10.-Tho Boar
of Health appointed a committee to ure.
Comptroller Green to furnish funds t
euable the board to uheok the progrci
of small pox, which, within u week, hi
suddenly appeared iu all parts of tl
city.
Tho doctors having reported that Dov
ling will not die, Jim Irving was releust
on $10 0U0 bail. A great crowd
roughs wus iu the court.
Tho Supreme Court decides that tl
Moutawk Indians aro trespassers ou tl
lands in Long Island which was HU
posed to bolong to tho tribe. Th
throws several thousand acres into tl
market.
CHARLESTON, November 10.- Arrived
steamer Charleston, New York; sohoou
Rosalie, Nassau, N. P.
CHARLESTON, November 10.-A mei
ing of tho Howard Association was ht
to-day, ut which a resolution waa pass
giving uotice that as thu yellow fever h
nearly ceased, tho active operations
the Association will terminate on the lo
instant.
SAVANNAH, November 10.-Raes di
ing the fair, Novumb r 2'2d, 23d u
24th, for the citizens' purse of SdUO, a
$400 for single aud double teums, tr
ting the best three in five. Racing i
der the auspices of the Savauuah Jock
Club. Matched races for the cilize
purse to como off ou the 25th-pri
$1,000.
PHILADELPHIA., November 10.-A ri
was granted iu the Court of Comm
Pleas requiring Marcer, tho defaulti
City Treasurer, to show cause why a wi
sequestrating hts property, should J
issue.
ATLANTA, November 10.-The Hot
passed u bill providing for holdiu
special election for Governor ou i
second Tuesday in December. The a
tion providiug for sp-cial returus
election other than according to
present law was strickeu out. Tho Dei
crats contended that the integrity of
Republican uctiug Executive, Mr. C
ley, should be trusted.
AOOUSTA, November 10.-The bat
Richmond County held a meeting to-d
uud unanimously passed resolut ions
questing Cougress to establish u Uui
States District Court, with circuit p
ere, iu this city, for the Fifth Cong
siouul District, and for eight or
Counties adjoining tho Congrcssir.
District.
DEATH OY MISS BURKE -Julia Btu
tho young girl, about sevontoen year
age, who wus burnt at her father's i
dunce, in Anson, near Calhoun str
Wednesday night, at half-past 9 o'ch
by tho oxplosiou of a kerosene lu
died yesterday morning, at 9 o'ch
The mother of the young girl, who
burnt is trying to aid bur, waa AS
yesterday UR oould be expected, and
bably out of danger.
I Charleston Cowie
DIED or GRIEF.-Mrs. Robert Bro
of Broad Creek, Prince George's Ci
ty, Md., died a fow days ago, and
little daughter, seven years of age,
so intensely grieved ut the bereaver.
that she too, died, and both were bu
together at Alexandria, Va. A ski
physician examined the little girl a s
time before her death, and could
cover no disease. The Alexandria
Gazette thinks she undoubtedly die
grief at tho los? of ber mother.
A distressing tragedy oceurrei
Zancsville, Ohio, the other day.
wife of a lawyer was lying at tho
of death from consumption, when
husband, ia a frenzy of grief, shot
self dead in her presence. Ten mil
later she also expired.
MTW* *J
r OrtrG-Mr.Q. D.
Woods waa thrown from a mule one day
last week, and died from the effeots of
the injuries received, in two or three
days. He waa riding a wild and vicious
mule, which he had much difficulty, on
the occasion of his death, to mount;
when, upon doing so, the animal dashed
off and threw him on the ground.
j Kingairee Star.
OFFICIAL RAFFLE Neuntens Charloaion Ch ari.
tablo Association, for bencftt Free School fund'
RAVELS CLASS No. 199 -J/bmfnj, Atoccmoer 10
13-13-35- G4-14-22-42-17 44-1-39-33
WitnosB my hand st Columbia, this 10th day
of November, 1871. FENN PECK,
Nov ll Sworn Commissioner.
?.-_-
MAKUFACTOBIHO SNTEBFBISE IK CHAKI.HU?
TON -Charleston ia faat becoming a manu?
facturing aa well aa a oommorcial city. Thu
largest manufactory of doora, sashes, blinds.
?to., in the Southern States ia that of Mr. P.
f. TOALE, on Horlbeck'a Wharf, in that city,
salea rooms at No 20 Hayno street. Mr
POA J.K'S advortiaemout appears in another
column. Nov 2J
Financial and Commercial.
COLUMBIA, S. O., November 10.-Salee
of cotton, to-duy, 56 bales-middling
16%o.
LONDON, November 10--Noon.-Con?
sols 93. Bonds 91
FRANKFORT, November 10.-Bomb
9658'@96??.
LivEitrooii, November 10-3 P. M.
Cotton steady-uplands 9,%; Orleans 9;??
8?bi8 to-day ?U.OOU; of tho wc?l
,60,000; export 9,(100; speculation 5,000
j stock 497.000, whereof American ii
911,000; receipts of th? wub<( 31,000
whereof American is 18 000; actual ex
ports 9,000; stock uflout 405,000, wberco
American is 83.<J00.
LONDON, November 10- Event ug.
Consols 93.'?. Bonds915?.
PARIS. November 10.-Ueutes57f. 35c
LivicitrooL. November 1U-Eve-uing.
Cuttou closed quiet ami steady. Yarn
and fabrics at Manchester steady.
Nn\V YoitK, November 10-Nonu.
Sdes of futures, last evening, were 2 SO1
bales, ps follows: December lS'.ffV
ltf 5-16; January 18 7-16(7?? 18) Febru
.try 18 ll-l(?(7t;18;'.i; March 19; Apri
i". Stocks stronger than at opeiiilii
Hud quiet. Gobi heavy, ut l?}?((tjll??
Government and State bonds steady bu
dull. Moueysteady, at 5(o6. Exchtiug
-tuug8|?; short Flour quiet un
steady Wheat quiet and uuchaugeil
Corn scarce ?iud very firru. Pork quid
at 13.10@13 25. Lard dull. Otto
quiet and sternly-uplands 18J-.?; Orleun
I9>1^; Halos 1,400 bales. Freiguts firm.
7 1*. M.-Cotton dull und heavy; sab
2.209 bales-uplands 18,'.j; Orleuns 19;'t
Flour unchanged. Whiskey scarce au
decidedly tinner, at 92. Wheat irregt
lar and closed l(a)2o. better-winter re
Western 1 6o(ml GO. Com unchanged
Bice firm, ut 7?.i($8;?.{. Pork lower, s
13 00. Beef quint. Lard weak-kelti
10. Freights lieavy. Money very casi
at 5@0. Discouuts 10@12. A repot
i hut u Southern railroad company ha
gone into protest depressed speculatioi
Sterling steady, ut 9JB@9*.?. Cold ll;
(rrjll.'.j. Govern mun ta steady all dny
()2s IIJ4. States steady but innedivi
1'enueaaees very firm; new South Carol
oas slightly better afc close. Tetiuessei
67; new Oli.'.i. Virgiuias 60; new (j
Louisianas 65; new 56; levees 63; 8s S
Alabamas 98; 5A 69. Georgias 80; 1
86. North Carolinas 3t?}?; uew 19?
South Carolinas 70; uow 35;'J. Sales
futures to-day 9.200 bales, oe follow
November 18(?U8 116; Deocmbor 18J
.January 18M(rir18 7-16; February lH:iii
18 11-16; March 19; April 19???19??.
CINCINNATI, November 10. -Flo
steady. Cum dull-new 45(o>46. Po
12.75. Lard brm, at 8&(g9. Shoi
I ders 7; sities T}.x%l]i- Whiskey 88.
j LOUISVILLE. November 10.-Buggi
quiet und steady, at 16,'?(?)17. Flo
und com quiet uud firm. Purk 13.1
Shoulders 7 J.? clear aides 8%. Lard
tierce 9??@% kl'B MU.<Wh
key firm, at 8S.
BALTIMOHK, November 10.-Flour a
wheat steady and unchanged. Co
tinner-white 6ti(?,75; yellow 70. Fi
visions uuoliunged. Whiskey firmer,
92(t792.'.J. Cotton quiet-middling 18.
receipts 393 bales; stock 4,721; rccei|
uf the week 3,319; sales 2,097.
PHILADELPHIA, November 10.-Colt
quiet-middling 18,'u(o\ici-'j; receipts
ibo week 2.929 bales."
BOSTON, November 10 -Cotton quio
middliug 19; receipts 2,517 bales; sn
300; stock 7,900; receipts of thc wt
9,707; sales 200.
NORFOLK, November 10.- Cottou qti
-low middling 17j?(?)?7ft;
1,398 bales; sales 15U; stock 6 601;
ueipis of tho week 1U.903; sales 1,150
SAVANNAH, Nuvuiuber 10.-Coll
in good demand, ut inside quotum
holders firm, at outside-middling 1'
?17>',i; receipts 3.950 bales; sales 2.3
ulock 35,790; receipts of the week 22,3
sules 9,000.
CHARLESTON, November 10.-Cot
quiut-middling 17J?; receipts 1,1
bales; sales 300; stock 24,892; recoi
of tho week 10.742; eales 4,000.
AUGUSTA, November 10-Cotton fi
-middling 17(^l7Ju; roceipts l,t
bales; sales 800; stuck 1,335; receipts
tho week 6,650; sales 4,995.
WILMINOTON, Novumber 10.-Cot
quiet-middling IO,1-.? receipts 295 ba
sales 22; stuck 2,067; receipts of
week 1.693; sales 182.
MOWLE, November 10.-Cotton du
middliug 17%; recoipts 1,671 bales; si
1,200; stock 25,798; recoipts of
week 11,051; sales 7,000.
NKW ORLEANS, November 10.-Col
quiet-middling 18; receipts ll,
bules; sales 3.800; stock 90,243; rece
of the week 37,742; Rains 24 500.

0^ ^^^^P
I
katata ???rvlvors* AMO? tallon.
TblB association assembled in the
Court House, yesterday morning, at 10
o'clock. In the absence of the Pr* ai
dent, Genera! Hampton, Ibo convention
was called to order by Vico ?President
General Kershaw. The Secretary, Colo?
nel A. 0. Haskell, callsd she rolf, ?han
the following delegates were found pre?
sent:
Charleston- General James Conner,
Captains J. S. Farley, G. McGrath,
Jr., James Armstrong, Jr., and W. G.
Wbilden.
Chen ter-Jua. Johnson, Julius Mills, S.
P. Hamilton and W. H. lirawley.
Chesterfield-J. A. Wilson.
Edgefield-lj. F. Yonmana, H. W. Ad?
dison.
Fairfield-Colonel J. H. Rion, Captain
S. 13. Clownoy. DuBose Easton.
Greenville-Colonel W. H. Perry.
Kershaw-General James Chesnut,
General J. D. Kennedy, Cuptain YV. G.
Leitnur. Dr. A. A. Moore, Cuptain W.
L. DePa8S.
Lexington-W. W. Rice.
Marlboro-John W. Harrington.
Newberry-T. S. Moorman.
Orangeburg-Captain T. U. Trezevant,
Colouul A. A. Goodwyn, Dr. C. S Darby.
Richland-D. B. DuSuussure, John D.
Caldwell, J. P. Thomas, Colonel Thomas
Taylor, Dr. J. T. Durby.
Sumter-Colonel J. D. Blauding,
Guiguard Richardson.
York-Colonel Cadwallader Jones.
Laurens-H. Li. McGowan, Thoa. B.
Crews, H. Legare Farley.
Tho Preaideut, Gonerul Hampton, ar?
rived uud took the chair.
Major Thomm; Barker offered tho fol?
lowing resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, Th'it alternate delegates be
invited to participate iu the proceedings
of this couvetitiou.
Also, tho following; which was adopted:
Resolved, That Gen. Johnson Hugoed
be requested to represent the Couuly ot
Barnwell in this eon ve nt ion.
Colonel Thomas offered thu following;
which was ml np I eil:
Resolved, That tho reading of the pro?
coed I ll gu of tho last eeo ven timi bo dis
noosed with-they having boen printed;
.iud that tho Secretary bo instructed te
distribute copies among the delegates.
Generul .Limes Cornier, in tho absence
j of Colonel McCrady, Chair mau of tin
Executive Committee, read the following
report of buid committee:
Tho executive board respectfully re
port, that, during the lust year, the",
have continued their efforts to colled
material for tho history of tho Statu
South Curolinn during the late war, um!
have obtained possession of some mos
valuable original papers relating to tilt
inauguration of the war upon tho seces
sion of the State i ii December, I860, au?
-.oino original rolls of thu iii st. troop)
raised by tho State. They have also re
uaived a number of returns from utlicen
ot companies, iu response lo circular o
July 1, 1S70, issued by tho President
a li.it of which is annexed as Exhibit A.
At tiie last meeting, tho board wen
authorized to publish by subscription
upon the plan reported by thuin, tin
roll of tho dead prepared by Professe
Uiver.'', as ro-arrariged and reported, ii
two editions; the first edition for corree
t.ious and additions, nnd thc second, si
corrected and added to in permution
form. Upon tho adjournment of tba
meeting, the bonrd prepared and issue
circulars asking assistance in proenriu
subscribers to tho publication. Thea
circulara, inclosing blank forms for sui
scriptiou lists, were scut by mail to a!
the genera! officers, aud many other pei
sons, officers aud others, und to all th
newspapers iu tho State; und nguiu i
March, ii note was addressed to euc
person, to whom u circular was sent, un
from whom uo reply had been received
asking if the circular had reunited bia
uud urging him to endeavor to ob tai
subscribers.
I Tho District Association of Cbarlestu
employed a canvasser lo eau vasa the cit
of Charleston for subscribers, aud I
this means obtained -IUD subscriptions i
that eily. Thu board have also tee.iivi
tho following lists: Abbeville, from Gel
Samuel McGowtiu, DO subscribers; E lg
held, from (ion. M. Li. Bonham,
Georgetown, fioiii Cul. ii. li. Wilso!
.il; Kershaw, from Ctipt. Kershaw,
Barnwell, from Robert Aldrich, 21.
The ho ml having thus been able
obtain but ?ti? subscribers, instead i
1,000, made au arrangement wit li Messt
Waiker, Evuus A; Cogswell, of Charil
ton, publishers, by which they hope th
the work will be carried out. Tho n
rangement is, that tho board have turu*
over to Messrs. Walker, Evans A; Cog
weil the lists of subMiriberu obtained
they (Messrs. Walker, Evans Cogawe
ll tide rt uki og to publish thu work und
thu auspicies of tho association, pr
vidod they can obtain 1,000 sub-cribci
and from thu first profits thereof, if au
to re-imburse this association for all e
penses incurred np to thc time of tl
agreement.
The board was authorized to parchan
ns soon UM thu Treasurer should bu
funds, after having paid the nmotlli
thou already ordered, a complote lilo
official reports issued by thu war depui
mont of the Confederate States, ai
such other histories us they might dee
important ut once to obtain, ami to dn
ou the Treasuii-r, when so iu furn
therefor to au amount not excuedn
8125.
Tho Troaaurer has not been in fun
for tho above mentioned purpose?, li
the board having un opportunity
securing a completo Ule of auch ollie
reports, jun chased tho same for thu UKI
I elation, and advaucod tho cost, viz: Si
Thu board were authorized to obti
a place of d?p?.-it for ?li? records a
books of thu association, which ahoi
bu accessible to ail, mid to expend up
the sumo a nam of not more than
for shelves, &0. In piirsuaucu of t
instruction, thu board applied to t
Charleston Libral y Society for thu i
of a part of a room in the library bm
ing, wliioh they kindly consented to
allow, end the records and papers of tho
association have been placed there. The
Treasurer has not been able to furnish
tho board with the fonds they were au?
thorized to expend upon this place of
depo?i? of the records.
To the request of tho association that
all persons having original reports or
other papers relating to the operations
of the war, would permit the board to
have copies ruado of tho same, the board
have to report that Mujor-Goneral Sa?
muel Jopea, of Virginia, who at one
time commanded the department of
South Carolina, Georgia and Florida,
has offered for copy _ book in which are
recorded many letters and a few reports
of military operations during the time
he commenced tho department, and also
copies of telegrams having special r?f?r?
ence to the operations along the line of
the Charleston and Savannah Railroad
in Deoember, 186_. Rut the board have
as yet been unable to avail themselves
of tho offer, in ooasequonce o? the want
of means with which to defray the ex?
pense of having these papers copied.
Io this connection, the board have to
report that General Samuel McGowan
bas presented the association with a most
valuable book of casualties in his brigade,
commencing from the battle of Chancel?
lorsville, tho first in whioh he command?
ed the brigade, and extending to the end
of the war, cud that General Johnson
ilagood has furnished a complete roll o?
tho general, field and staff and company
officers of bis brigade, and that the rolls
of (Gregg's) first South Carolina volun?
teers, is now nearly complete-wanting
ouly the roll of Company A und C.
The board were instructed to seleot
and invito eome suitable person to deliv?
er aa oration before the association al
this annual meeting. This duty they
performed, und have to report that Lien
tcnuut-Guuerul Jubal A. ?urly, P. A. C.
S of Virginia, accepted their invitation
to address the association at this meet?
ing
It was referred to thc boatd tocousidei
und report ut this meeting ou n design
for u certificate of membership. Thej
have had this subject under considera
tum, and recommend the adoption of the
design hereto annexed ns Exhibit B. i
description of which is uppended as Ex?
hibit C. They further n comment! tba
it be referred to a committee of three ti
consider and report, ut tho next meeting
of tins association, a plan for having tbi
.-nine lithographed and issued to thc
members, und providing for tho expense;
thereof.
The board have not been able to proco rt
a suitable design for a mcdul to bo won
liv tlic members of the district associa
lions, which they wore instructed to d<
by icsolntion at tho last meeting, and, ii
consideration of other pressiug demand
upon their attention, respectfully ask t<
bo discharged from tho further censido
ration of the subject.
At lb? last meeting, the board reporter
as follows: Thc board did uot feel them
selves authorized to employ u librar?a
until sonic definite arrangement had bec
made in regard to tho finances of th
association. Dut they aro utix'ous ti
have thu o Oh o tilled at once. The coi
respoudeuco iu regard to ibo TOIIH UO<
Hoing prepared is large, the custody C
thc papera a matter of responsibility
and their arrangement a work requiri?
more time and attention than eau b
giveu but by a person regulurly emploj-e
lo attend to it. They think that, for th
small salary of ?100 they could obtai
the services of a competent person I
perform these duties, uud reported u
estimate ot expenses to include th
item, which was approved by the assoc
utiou.
The estimate of expenses, as report,
by the board und pareil by tho ubsooi
tiou for tho year, was 8uUU, but, as wi
appear by tho Treasurer's report, he w?
enabled to collect but $208 Ti; leaving
deficiency of amount, then reported,
$391.21. lu other words, tho Treasur
UAH only been able to pay thu ex pens
incurred for the year 18(39 uud '70, ai
nothing toward the expenses of the ye
just ended, 1870-'71. In additiou
this, thc stationery and printing expens
for the last year was found to be lurg
than the board had reported. This i
cretisn arising principally from the pu
I icu ti on of the proceedings of two mot
wigs during tho year.
Under these circumstances, the boa
idrained from engaging the services
a librariau, uud continued to perfor
thc duties contemplated for that ollie
They submit the following estimate
expeuses for tho ensuing year:
ESTIMATE OE EXPENSES-EXPENS
ATJKEAUY IKOOHIIED -Stationery ai
printing, including proceedings of yoi
ISti'J und 1870, as per account, ?212
purchase of ollicia! reports, ?U0. Tot
8302 ?0.
EXPENSES OK ENSUINO YEAH.-Lib
Hun, "100; bull, portage and cootinge
expouses, 8100; stationery and priutii
iucludiug oration, 8200. Total, ?01
grand total, 8902 (50.
Exil mn A.-List of rolls received
response to circular, 1st July, 1870, nt'
last report-Co. B, IstS. C. V., (Gregg
Captain D P. duggans; Co. E, 1st
C. V, (Gregg's.) Lieutenant D.
?ruilb; Co. (J-, 1st S. C. V., (Gregg
Lieuteiiaut-Coiouel A. B. Butler; Co.
1st, (Gregg's,) Lieuteuuut C. J. C. Il
son; Co. A, 2d, Lieutenant S. L. Lo
bart; Co. K, 3d, Lieutenant W.
Peeples; Co. I, 3d, Captain John
Seabrook; Co. I, -1th, Lieutenant D.
Gordon; Co. il, 4tb, Captain J. E. P
ter: Co. B, 5th, Lieutenant G. A.
trick; Co. G,5th, Captain b\ G. Lathi
Co. G. 0th, 1st Sergeant W. H. V
hams, 2d Sergeant W. M. Nelson i
Private W. F. Jackson; Co. K, C
Lieutenant W. S. Brand; Co. G, 7
Captain J. C. Williams; Co. B, i
Captain R. T. Powell; Co. C, lOlh, C
tain C. Johnson; Co. B, 11th. Capt
Julius J. Wisooat; Co. I>, l!lth, Capt
James Y. McFall; Co. F, Htb, Corpc
Piuckuey M. Blakely; Co. E, 15th, C
tain W. W. Kirkland; Co. G, 18th, C
tain J. W. Budmgndral; Co. G, li
Lieutebent 'W/ V. OJinfc?cale/?;','!'t?o. O,
20tb, Captain/Godfrey Lehab?rt; Xto. I,
20tb, Lieutenant Mansei Gunter; Co. E,
2lBt, Lientenant Fred. Richarde; Co. A,
28o). Oap tain John C. Evana; Co. A, 25 th,
(W. L. I,) Private J. L. Honour; Go. D.
27th, Lieutenant James T. Well*; Oo. B,
Orr'a Rifle?, Captain Jamea T. Reid; Go.
K, Orr'aRi Ses, Captain W. O. Wanllaw;
Oo. M, fairaetto Sharp Shooters, Cap?
tain F. G. Latham; Co. G. Sd 8. C.
Cavalry, Captain Theo. Corde?; Co. I,
3d S. O. Cavalry,-; Oo. K, 4th S.
O. Cavalry, Lieutenant L. O*. Nowell;
Co. K. 6th 8. O.Cavalry, Captain M. J.
Hough; Co. A, Luoaa Battalion, Lieute?
nant E. B. Calhoun; Oo. F, Chssnut
Light Artillery, Palmetto Regiment,
Co. I, lat S. O. V., (Gregg'?
old.) Captain J. B. Davie; Earle's .Bat?
tery, Captain W. E. Earle; Commission?
ed and non-Commissioned Field and
Staff, 18th Regiment, Lieutenant Colo?
nel W. B. Allison; Commissioned and
non-Commiasioned Field and Staff, 20th
Regiment, Adjutant John Alvilaon.
Capt. DePass offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the time of the annual
meeting of the Survivors' Association be
ohanged to-.
Tho resolution was laid on the table,
on motion of Col. Addison.
Some business was then indicated, but
the time for the proceedings having
elapsed, the convention adjourned te
meet again at 7 o'clock P. M.
The convention re-assembled nt 7 P.
M., and proceeded to the Baptist church,
where the annual address was to be de?
livered by Gen. Jubal A. Early.
Oo motion, it was resolved to meet at
the Court House, at 10 A. M., thiB morn?
ing, for the election of officers and the
consideration of important business.
\vn ol. I. ?t.ILK; IMO CU M tLnui'.a r.
COIIII ECTEU WEEKLY II Y THE EO Alli) OF Tn AU H.
APPLES, $jhu.l uO'?filXJ. ?foi^SKS,CU??^:t?(&5?>
BAOUINO,.18(ii24| Newuri'uB bu^'js
UALE BOFE, Ma.24iuu4' Hagar li'se.. G0(u,90
N. Y.orWuH ?jlh 701U1 NAILS, ty aeg5 500b 00
UuTTEu.Nurtb. 280401 UNIONS. $but>l 6001 75
Country, ty lb.200.45' Un., Kerusouo,). S?(a4Ji
UACON. Hams. 180*0! Machinery..7501 00
Sides, ty lb. 9J011? SPECIE, Gold 01 121
Shoulder?,... ?'iLlu Silver. (gil 07
UANDLEH, Sperm JOf<i7o] POTAT'S, Iriel 50Vy.2oO
Adamantine tt>1501G| dweut, bus 7501 00
COTTON YAUN12O01 25? UICE, Carolina lb U io
COTTON, Stet M,.. .171; SHOT, #bag. 27503 00
Middling.icj? SALT, L,iverp.2OO02 10
Low Midl'g, _16 SOAP, $Ib,.74010
Good Orduv,_15 SPIRITS, Alcohol?is00
Ordinary.14J Brandy .4 00012 GO
CHEESE, E.D.tt.20025 Gin .2OO0GOO
factory.16022 Kum.2 OD?7 00
COFFEE, Bio, 250271 Whiskey... 1 85(f/ 6 U0
Laguayra_250'?8? SUGAR, Cms P16016
Java.35040 Brown.12014
Fi.oun.Co. 6 750100c STARCH, Hi... 8A01O
Northern. 750010 50 TEA,Green ttl 0002 50
(iHAIN, Corn 1 1001 15' Black,. .1 00? 1 10
Wheat-1 8002 001 TOBACCO, Ohw.60?l 00
O a ti.750901 Sinoking,tt..6O0] 00
Peas. 9001 Oe VINEGAR, Wine,.50060
BAY, Nortn, %<cwi.2 00 French_ 01 Of
HIDES,Dry, %jO<12J0ltl WINE, Cham. 250*8 09
Green. ?H Port, ?gal 30005 80
LAun.^lL.120151 Sherry... 27*07 0Q
LIME, ty bbl. 2 6502 7?j Madeira.. 3 oort/ 8 iO
To Rent.
MTWO largo, pleasant BOOMS, with
quarters for servante, if desired. Ap
_ply at thin office. _ Nov ll 1
Stovall's Excelsior Mills Flour.
WE keep large buppliea of thia CELE
BBATE? FLU Jit, which we aeU at
wholesale or retail, and warrant th?
quuiity. J. A. HENDB1X BUG.,
Nov ll Imo_Columbia, ti. C.
Secretary's Office, S. C. A. H. 60.,
I A I lt G HO USDS, NOVEMBER ll, 1871.
ALL ACCOUNTS auld against ibis society
must he *prcseutod at thia oflice by iii
u'ciock to-day. D. WYATT AIKEN,
Nov ll Secretary.
Wanted,
AWHITE WOMAN to cook (with stove)
and do general honno-work in a family in
tho country. Wagea $15 pur month, with
board, tteferences required. Apply by lotter
to W., Ringville. P. G., SJ3_ _ _ Nov ll 3
State Fair.
Programme for To-Day.
SATURDAY, November ll, 18?I.
Outee open at 8 o'clock A. M.
At 0 o'clock, auction sales ol live stock.
From 10 to 12 o clock, racing as fellows:
Fir-t race -Half mile dash, for 1500.
Second-Saddle home race.
Third-Bull race
At 12 M the premiums will he awarded
from the Executive Mauri, at the conclusion c.''
which, thu Fair will close.
Exhibitors will ploano give attention to re?
moval of thoir article:?.
All article? upon which freight is duo wiit
he hold mini thu same in paid.
Nov ll I) ?VY.V T r AIJOiN. Sec'y.
Tnanksgivtng Pioclamation.
STATE OF SOUTH CAROLIW,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
riMIE year ?H approaching its termination.
JL andi humbly acknowledging tho Suprema
Bulor of the Universo as the arbiter and con?
troller of its destinies, and in accordance
with time-honored custom, and concurring
with tho proclamation of the President nf th?
United States, I deem the present a fitting
occasion tn recommend to the people of Soot*
Caroliia tho adoption of TH BSDAY, th?
30th day o' November, as a day of solema
thb iksgiving to Almighty God for his unnum?
bered Pleasings. Bovercntly assembling ia
their sanctuaries ol pray? r and praise, may
they make their humble contrition and ac?
knowledgments, remembering ia thoir orison?
tho dosulate and oppressed, and realizing thal
ho that kuowoth Him, hath mercy on th?
poor. And throngb the holy and impressive
infiuonco of these acts of devotion, may wa
bo the bolter prepared to perform our duties
to God and our fellow men, to resist ovil anil
conquer temptation, and become more conse?
crated lo every pious and patriotic duty
In virtue whereof, I have hereunto sst ar?
hand, and camed the great seal
or tho state to bo affixed, at Ci?
[L. s lumbla thiv 8ihda\ of NovombeiL
A. D. 1871. aud in tho ninety-sixt*
yoar of the independence of the
United st atea of America.
BO BE BT K. SCOTT, Governor.
F. L. CAUDOXO, Secretary of State.
Nov ll 1