g5BSBS5B?w? m m m mmm mm* mm*
ilidimoml gwptclt.
SATl'RPAY DECEMBER 30, 1871.
HUttl WASHINGTON.
v -?:iblican Xiiltounl Convention.
inwiiov, December 28. li seems to
i thai the N Kcpublican Con
v, i.l he hold in Philadelphia. The
nent ir. lavor of Philadelphia has
nit' in advance of the meeting of the
vo Committee by correspondence
iority of its roenWrs. 11a I it not
t i:o lire the Convention would no
Ime met at Chicago. It I:; urged
tho claims of St. Louis and Cincin
i hoy L.t\ uot vuftlcieut hotel ao* j
v ,i. lalioits.
i iw Xvu Attornc.v-ticnorrt!.
William*. Mr. Akennan's ?ucce??sor,
1 t tlie full power ot the Govern*
?u!d I)o put forth to punish tho law
that infest portions of the southern
Ho will himself devote speeial atten
i> branch of tho Law Department,
nuotuuvs his intention to go as far i
,w will lot him in bringing the perpc
outrages to- justice. In this he will
s;.?u;ined by the President. Xeic
'}V>iC.
Scrvioo Riilctt.
i- i hi- intention of the President to re
i it all tho rules of the civil service
:->ion relating to appointments shall be
i ;stb r Tuesday next, and continue in
il l Congress sinll enact legislation
modifying, or ignoring them. It is
i they are not retroactive, and
?.'.?re not apply to the largo clerical
t t tl partments, oxc< pt in tho ease
?..'lion trom the jwesont grades.
.i5ic.T*s l>ork U?jsnnil Vnin Trlckfc
Soenro \cj^ro 1 .quality.
n >u correspondent of the 3Tew
World >ays that Senator .Sumner is
ext'-mive pn parati?ns to secure the
action of tii" Senate alter the recess
negi-.v-t juality amendment to tho
Among other tilings, it isuu-j
I i i.'i adtlressed letters to the lead- j
-."-''fx in the several States, urging them
i i:. h-gat; -ns her* to lobby the amend
rc iTrrli tho >enate. He also proposes
n ,.:o s go to Grant and make him
!J-? imiueme with his friends in the
v >r the lull under pain of for-j
_ :r\.>te t the next, presidential elee-
irnut v.iii depend almost entirely
giv vote for whatever support he
...in iii'' South, Sumner thinks he will j
j aii? I least the temptation to
?ro ji.tity, though he does not
..--If believe in it. George T. Down-j
l.o oyster. i:n>, is to head the raid
i {v at, a? well ns the negro-equality
lit* Iiii.4 Uii'O adv had several inter- j
iiii Sumne r, at which other leading
s v, ere present. Frederick Douglass,
d, ret uses to take any pail in the new
...i. l i:e is consequently tlie subject I
i vituperation on tiio part of Stunner I
.1 as^oeiHtes. Dougiass publishes a
v c \iy pajx-r hen*, whieh i> the organ of the
w-. ;:;ut an iuV.it will be made to break]
.i i;- eub-eription li>t and its iulluonce.
everything else faiis Sumner lias aj
ir.e whieh Uo thiuks will work. All
,;."ir.it<. wi; h a number of liberal lte
like Sohurz, favor universal am
s; miner propo.-e? that if the*J)eino-j
vote lor Jii' negro-equality amend
?an i his friemls will vote for univei-sai
i i-, <*r course, will be u hist r,e
e-i Sumner has hitherto been against
?y ev. ry description. But rather j
i ",.e his j t measure he will yield a
:he more readily as he understaudrf
opjioj-eil to univers:d amnesty.
.iiU'.cr oiatiis W?-Vciin#fti>:? Trouly?
:l)y JJoiirlltuItlcrjs Charg-cd ttUl)
iis
\ry. .Mas.--., December 2S. Gcne
addiv.1 e;l some ])eopIe to
iii the fiit?'nan* church on our liah
a fleeted by tho treaty ol
Vh^ron. j
i ha?t but one explanr.Linn of the
-:->:jiiigt^-n, and that is that there I
i an owr weening l<-r of war
i V.;i.l;in<l. 1-i very body was frightened I
i war witli Kii^bind. which, in
was im; ossiide. Well, what
t i burbear? Why, even-body held I
of bonJ-. in the I'nitedStiites, j
t war they would go down, and j
i s<? e nvamiy half a million
i pi a uiilibo.
:;.;i ug the idea of war with Eng-i
;i iiiiiler -:;M that t!if "Washing- 1
at y, witit t he sriise of wrong and in- 1
v, dtihl i.ring upon tin? people, was
!y i pr."!u?v war within U.n years
i* ^jif-tion. "Nohody knows,"*
i i lie ra!, what tlie treaty ia.
iiv! I ?-en puhii-'ied anywhere that 1
ev pi t Ui vv-nap?T correspoucl
p n of it and j'Ublish' d it to
:.il rhey feli to discits-ing with
at il* ;il eagerness tlie question
r tii.- eorresjn utdents had a right to
1 ii than the question what its provisions
'i people don't know about it.
I'i;e f ?n '?crafie p.irry press either did
t i:vt i'.oid ??f it, or tii.-y were more occu
I in trying to over up the kuklu.v down
ii th'.n tuey wi re in muting out whether
ir 5 tert-st* were saeiificed at home. The
K. a- :i-an pr< ?.s thought iln-v must not say
:?:i\ thing about it hecau>e they thought it
w an A.dministration incisure, and '(iloiy
j all< I.-j.dr must he said to it and nobody
but a poor uufortuuate representative in Con
i* ti id not like to see lils?*4ii?f<Htuents
mid'-r without snyiiig something in their
-.nil* is b ft to bring the mutter to the at
ntion of his countrymen."
JUutkr said there v.u* one thing about the
tj- that eveiybodv ought to understand,
aiiicfc i? that the fishery pari does notgoiuto
l ileet. and has no binding etlect, unt d both
1 1 '.'Unt:.- of Congress pa>-s a law giving it ef-
Therefore it was that he was agitating i
inatlcr. "The tn-uty," lie said, 44Lstoj
c'ljjio up in thr? j>resent session of Congress,
d vo iur as in mc lies 1 j>roiK)se to opjiose
;.iiV laws whicli will cany these fishery
into fi". ct." This will not abrogate or
aside any <?thei* jtroi isioni of the treaty."
j hi en oral eoiitliiued at length criticising
1 tj taiy, and expressing a hope that the
bimxious ii-?hintr clause might bo eliminated
::-om ir. lie s]k>ko two hours, and was lis
i.-ned ;o with cbje attention, and fre^iuently
:;_i i>Iuuucd. _
H MT.it. Mn I k r rsroNsi itt lity.? The Supreme
oui't of ivtin>yivania ins alHrmed the judg
ment ol a lowi r court in the case ol JIcMas
j 'S i.e lVnn>-yivanialfciilroad Comjumy,
Kn<i ih-cid( thai when freight is shipped on
railroad to a station where the railroad
t any lias no warehouse erected the par
(it-s 'interested in thy Height cannot reeo\er
the railroad company if the freight be
1 v alter it i- landed at the station? it being
i,.;i ;he duty of the parties to whom it is
hippen l'J?k after it. This case is said to
the lir^' the kind that has yet been
rot:.;:ht befoi tlie Supreme Court of tlie
Mate.
1'jjk FATin:u Stack Cav^. W/Uiamtport,
eeinber 2<.? .Judge Gamble lo-day granted
rule of court ujjon BNhop C'ilara, of
crantttn. requiring him to apiieiu* in tliis city
4'H Januaiy 3' ?t !i next to show cause why the
tii-djop should not revoke his letter of No-
"'th Lust, aud restore Father Ptiiek to
torate l ights as he enjoyed them pi'e
!1Xw >t
M
Krv Ovr.n Ay Juued Br t nt: Cars IfVl*
.runyton, JJct., December 28.? George W.
Iiiiss, from lirookj* n, employed as a farm-
li:ind ne-ar 3Jiddlet<jWi.'. Del., was run over
by a train ou the DehiwaiJ railroad yester-:
day and killed. It is alleged ic was guilty of
a erirniuiil assault on a girl at 3luldletown,
t-ut had not been arretted at the tiui(? of his
UcUl ii.
Consecration ov a liiauop in Pbwnstlva- J
ma. l'h iladetphia, December 28. Key. Dr.
i>e Wolf Jiowe was consecrated this mom
ing in St. J. uke's church as bishop of the new
central diocese of the Protestant Episcopal
Church in Pennsylvania. Uiihop Stevens
ollicfated, with a large number of assistants.
An irumeiise crowd wa? prt?ent> tilling the
church to over/lowing.
liCttor from Prtcpfibn*R.
ConrwqxHidttice of the Itichmoud Dispatch.
Petersburg, Va., December 20.
A petition put in ovulation hero to-day
requesting the Common Council not to make
any appointment of a public cotton-weigher
necnml the names of nearly all the promi
nent cotton dealers of the city. The pream
ble rcci'.e* this reason or.lv That the peti
tioner? sec no reason for such an officer. The
rrr?i>osition is therefore likely to be defeated,
tt is Mid that not more than three eotton
buver* favor the appointment of a public
weigher; and the opponents of the proposed
ordinance deny tliat the country people wish
it to l>c adopted.
The stables of William Ituflin, near Bnt
tcrworth's bridge were destroyed last night
by an Incendiary fire. Loss not ascertained.
There was no alarm o*f fire sounded, and the
house burned down quietly without an en
gine or fireman rallying to arrest the flames.
The escape of the negro David Saunders
alias TIam from the city jafl yesterday was a
verv daring and difficult exploit. He was
sent for water, not to a pump outbid? the
jail, as stated, but to one within the jail en
closure. Assisted by a piece of old bed
stead and a pile of coal in the corner of the
jail-vard, Ham scaled a wall twenty-five feet
high, walked on glass and nails along the
wall in full sight of the court-house and
court green, jumped down, and disappeared.
The jailor was out in pursuit of him yester
day, and at one time captured him, but the
Ivoy ran away, the pistol of the sherirl
snapped, and nothing further has been heard
<>f the pursuit, which is, however, mean
while hotly urged.
A singular point of law is involved in the
prosecution of this negro, who is charged with
I -miking into the hous* of one Mrs. Bridget
McDivitt. He has oucc been tried on that
charge aud acquitted. Meantime it was de
veloped tliat the only evidence adduced that
Mrs. McDivitt had evor been divorced from
her husband was her own statement, which
was insufficient. The negro was therefore
arrested ou the charge of breaking into -Mr.
McDivitt-s house. If he can prove from the
record that the McDiritts have been divorced
he h a free man otherwise he must undergo
another trial, with the chances against him.
From the 1st of September (the beginning
of the cotton year) up to date the receipt^ of
cotton at this port have amounted to If J, 502
bales, against 19,121 hales for the correspond
ing period of last year. The stock on hand
is 4,010 bales; shipment*, 210 bales. During
the current week receipts have been very
heavy, amounting to 1,431 bales, against S20
for tiit- same i>eriod last year.
The total receipts of tobacco from October
let (the beginning of the tobacco year) till
the present time are 1,525 hogsheads total
inspections, 1,177 hogshead*. Absolutely no
thing is doing in the tobacco business this
week not a hogshead has been opened du
ring t he week.
There was a meeting to-day of the Board
of Overseers of the Poor, but nothing out
side the regular routine business was done.
The late secretary of the Board, Major Clark,
is said to have carpet-bagged away from here
for part' unknown.
In a fight here a few days ago one of our
negro couneihnen, John Chissel, was severely
beaten by a white man, and begged like a
dog (luring the performance.
it has been raining hero a little to-day.
Kobin Ai>air.
Srrposr.n MrppFrn.? On yesterday morn
ing our community was vastly excited by the
report tliat a most foul and bloody murder
had been committed within a few days past
in the heart of the city. We deem it neither
necessary nor proper to j;ive any clue as to
how the police got upon the track of the
supposed awful crime, but will give what
are said to be the main facts of the case so
far as they ought to be published at present.
It u suited that the victim, a negro man,
an entire stranger here, and whoso name we
have been unable to obtain, came to Lynch
burg about a week ago from the Chesapeake
and Ohio railroad, where he had been work
in"" nearly a year, and that he had about tflS.j
iuhis possesion. On last Friday night he
attended a negro ball at the low den of a
dance-house kept by Fayette ^rvell, ane
?rro on Jefferson street between Muth and
Tenth, After remaining there some tune
and taking several thinks of the poison dis
tributed there undur the name of whiskey, it
was proposed to take a game ot cards. I lie
stranger, Xon'ell, Lewis asliiugton, and
another negro (whose name we have but
think it best not to publish), adjourned to the
basement of the brick lumber-house close by,
which stands open and unoccupied, and looks
-is though it were u most fitting place foi
I such a deed of blood, lki'e it U statu that
i the. man was murdered, his throat being euu
1 His body was concealed there amongst t.ic
i rubbish 'during the next day, and on Satur
i d-iv night it was thrown into the canal, upon
i which a door in the basement open-* directly.
Thi ?c arc the leading points which have
reached us. Captain Hardwh-ke, the duel
of police, verv properly and promptly deter
mined to make a fall investigation of the sub
ject, and accordingly Favette ^orvell was
arretted vesterday mid lodged mjail. Lewis
Washington, another of the parties unpli
c ited. was already in jail, under punishment
for assaulting an officer a few days ago. I he
other part v concerned is supposed to ha\ e
lied the city, as ho has not been visible for
some days past.
\n attempt was to have been made to drag
the canal for the body yesterday, but
although Idle negro men by the score were
hanging about the spot, not one of them
could be induced, even bv the pn'iiuseof
food nnv, to undertake the task, 1 he watei
ill bo drawn oil* the level at an carlv hour
this morning, and a thorough search made
for the alleged victim of the lus?t ot money
and crime.
This reported horror may prove untr ue, or,
if committed, all traces may have been
effaced. But whether true w m?, tho case
merits and will receive the^ most thorough
examination .?LynchOury A
"Chatham" Sold.? We bear that the con
tract for the sale of Chatham was concluded
vesterday with Mr. Oliver V.aNon.ot AN il
ihuisport, Pa., for 824,000. It contains a bo
i 503 acres, and the residence u extensive, built
j in the old English uiylQ.?Predcrickiibui g
News.
Going South.? Our citizens generally will
regret to learn that our townsman Mr. A. 1\
A bull proposes to remove from our midst at
an early day. Mr. A bell lias Ions? been iden
tified with our community, and his loss will
be keenly felt. Wo congratulate the south
ern city "to which he is to remove on the ac
cession of so worthy a citizen.? Charlottes
ville Chronicle.
Found Dead.? An unknown negro man
was found dead on yesterday morning on the
Orange railroad about five miles this side of
Charlottesville, near the farm of .Mr. Kilby.
There were no marks of violence about his
jK-rson, and the supposition is that he was
frozen to death, most probably whilst under
the influence of liquor,? Lynchburg News.
More Civil Rigiitb in Sorrn Carolina.
Mr. E. W. "Warren, manager of the Pil
grim panorama, has been arrested at Co
lumbia, S. C., uuder a warrant issued at the
instance of Congressman It, B. Elliott,
charging a violation of the civil rights bill
in refusing to allow the State Congressman's
wife and other colored females to occupy
seats among the whites. He was held to bad
in $2,000. The sable Congressman declines
ajl compromises, and should the case go to
trial it is thought that there will be some rich
developments in regard to the general status
ot the aggrieved Madam Elliott. The pano
rama men evince a determination to tight the
issue.
Warning Sjgnals to Ships at Sea. Mr.
'Theodore F, Townsend, observer in charge
of the signal office at Ca]>e May City, N. J.,
liau submitted to the central office in Wash
ington o plan by which ships at sea within
sight of laud, from ten miles south of Cape
Henlopen to New York city, may be warned
of approaching danger from bis office by the
use oi General Myer's system of signals,
which are to be repeated from light-houses
and ?ift>6avittg stations along the coast.
Sol. Smith Bussell, who travelled with and
made iaces for the Berger family of Swiss
Bell-Ringers, wag baptized recently In the
Episcopal church at Canton, 3diss? and he
J fnr fhfl ministry.
Orion? A
for Roar?r.,?
On the 8th instant the famous Tlchborne
trial now progressing in London, involving
the estates of the Tlchborne baronetcy and
the identity of the present claimant as tbe "Io?t
heir," Roger Tiehborne, developed its latest
sensational ifhose. For seveml days previously.
F. .1. Baijent hart been under a vigorous exami
nation, giving testimony favorable to the
claimant, and winning for himself such de
signations as ''the indomitable Uaijent.'
ele. On the lltli the cross-examination of
Baijcnt was brought to a close. First the
following letter from him to Mr. Rouss, one
of the counsel in the case, written hi Apn.,
18C8, was read:
My Dear Sir.? We reached ncre last night
a little after Co* clock, having lett Liverpool at
11:3a. Our trip was a decided success,
though we sadly missed your helping hand.
We readied Liverpool at 11 o'clock on Tues
day night When we reached Crewe Sir
Roger began to show signs of evident fatigue,
which made me anxious to be at the jour
ney's end. We saw Father Guy next niorn
inir, and then I went with him and Sir
Roger to call on my old friend Father
Cooper, who afterwards dined with us. fa
ther Ralph Cooper recognized Sir Roger, and
has given a splendid affidavit. It is the be>t
fish we have booked? (laughter;? and was
worth the journey alone. This Father
Cooper is as big as Sir Roger (laughter)
and tiller? a most kind and presentable man.
and a well-known personage, a distinguished
character, and a great friend to all the
opposition known to all oi them quite
well, in fact. Thcv arc all dear friends of
his. [Laughter.] He came out most nobly,
and has greatly added to my pi t vious estima
tion of him. When he signed hi* aGidavit he
said to rao and the two lawyers present, one
of whom was a well-known Catholic lawyer:
?I have never sigiwl by name with greater
pain, as all his opponents are dear friends ol
mine, and by thin act 1 ktainl i;: opposition to
them; yet I do it most cheerfully." I also
got good affidavits from tin* trunipct-majoi
and his wife, and from Sergi'ai.f-Abijor Ham
let and Father Guy. On Tiiiu-why we went
to Preston, but Mr. Segnr Is Lj tuiiid a man.
However, I have got'a 1 titer iroin him which
answers all the purpose. Loi!i myself and
Sir Roger caught violent cold. 1 did not
finish the affidavits till ii o'clock on Friday
night, and I was anxious t) --ir Rogci
home by day, so as to avoiding:;! travelling,
for he was so unwell on Frida} ui^'ht that a
doctor was sent for to see Liui.
SPAT BETWEEN Jl'I-GH A.\'I> CCUN35L.
During the examination fonn led upon this
letter occurred this scene, wLifh shows once
more how strongly the Juuge is biased
against the plaintiif
The Attorney-General here suggested to
Mr. Hawkins to proceed with l:?o erosa-ex
aminaticn on another point, when
Mr. Seageaut Ballantine, tpeaking In an un
dertone, said: ill". Attorney, the Lord Chiei
Justice is cross-examining the witness.
The Lord Chief Justice: I beg, Brother
Ballantine, you won't make such an observa
tion as that.
Mr. Sergeant Ballantine: Well, my Lord,
it is made, and I cannot retract it.
The Lord Chief Justicc: It is most impro
per on your part.
Mr. Sergeant Ballantine: Permit me for
one moment. The Attorney-General made
an observation loud enough, apparently, to
reach the witness, on which 1 made an obser
vation, not quite intending ir should reach
your Lordship's ears. I am not in a condi
tion conscienti iu^Iy to withdraw it.
A certain letter written bv^ t.'ie butcher,
Arthur Orion, to his sl-ter, Mis. Jury, was
alter wards produced in court, it was found
to be remarkably similar in many rcspccts to
the letters written by the plaintiil. Mr,.
pa j ->nt f aid that tl is was not i'ie letter of
which he had taken a tracing," but that lie
had seen it before, 'Alien his examination
went ?>n thus: r
Mr. Hawkins: The letter dated 31st of
March, and commences, ?D?vr Sister, I
came back from the South/' ana it concludes,
"I remain your alleriion de brother, Arthur
Orion and underneath the signature there
were some words, your Lordship will see. 1
wish your Lordship to have t'.us description
in the letter.
Ti e Lord Chief Justice i.rnu this letter
(which Mrs. Jury was asked f:>r, and said
she had not, and which Mr. Holmes now
produced,) there is the endorsement, "be
longs to Mrs. J my; the iar-t letter re
ceived bv her from Arthur Orion supposed
date l8or>."
Mr. Hawkins (to the witness): Do you ol
serve anv rimilarify 1 etwee n the writing and
that of the plaintiff? Answer: Yes; a
slight similarity; there is always a sunihnity
hilhe writing ol' persons who are slightly
ctlu ratod.
o. Did you when you first saw it think
that there" was a strong similarity? A. 1
might, have dov.e, 1 cannot say; i never m
nn letters of Rotrer Tich borne saw any hlero
?rlvpliics like those under the signature ol
Arthur Orion; in the "Ready Reckoner
produced by the plaintiff there arc written
bv him the initials R. 'J', under that
there are marks like letter (tm*
handed to the jury for inspection, and com
pared bv them with Arthur Orion s letter.)
Mr. Hawkins read a letter oi the witness
to' Mr. Rous, d ited the 2'Jth of March, lbG!J,
in which lie said The object of the oppo
sition has been to make the people in Aus
tralia believe that he is Orion, and consc
ouentlv to produce confusion, oiu at all
events* thev run too closely together to be
comfortable. That letter i' very awkward,
and I should like to e:e i!. -Jr. Iu.vstone
savs if it is not Sir Roger's writing it is mar
vellous in Its resemblance. Arthur Orion is
enough to take one's breatn away. AO a,
bail not Mr. lukstone toid jou t.iis. It
seems so. 4i c
Mr. Hawkins read another letter of the
witness to Mr. Rous, dated April S, lSbD, and
asked him after tliat whether tho setter oi
Ort on's had not puzzled him V
Witnew i eo<jisn^ so bv my letter, AO
doubt this was on account ori:> Tcscmmrmcc
to lib writing. 1 cannot sav whether 1 told
ttie plaiutiff it was exactly ii.ee h i>, and l be
lleved it was his. 1 cannot say I did not. I
have now compared Arthur Orton 3 letter
with letters of Roger Tiehborne A1 tie
capital letters fcre diilerent in one to the otliei
except the "D."
Q. 1 wish to ask a question reference to
the use of the little and large 4 X s. Tho
nlaintitf writes My dear Cousing Kate?
1 am very sorry i am not able _ to eome and
s?H! vou before i go. My head is so bad that
not fit to come; and Arthur OrKm
wrote from Torquay, "1 take this oppoi tu
nitv of wring. These few hues, i hope, w ill
tind you quite well, as it leaves me the >anie.
i little thought i should not be on tin the
than this, or l," and so on Is there a mix
ture of large and small m both let
A l'irce I begins tlie letter, and then
litSe?iV' follow. Have you ever found
anvthing of the kind in Rogers letters? A.
I have not seen it myself, but I have heaid
01 o" You know the letters produced at the
meeting of the 12th of February and denied
l,v the plaintiff, but afienvards acta ted by
him in the box to be l;is? A. i lyiow
them; but 1 have never comi?red them.
There is the same peculiarity m tuese letters
as to the little i's" and large -IV' In one
of the letters? that of the 7tli of January,
18G7 the word received iu more place3 than
01O.lf,In Arthur Orton's letter firom Torqiwy
to Miss Loder^ the word is also spelt rc
^QdIn the'lS to Mr. Stephens written
from Gravesend, which the vlamtui has now
admitted to be his, the word re^na/ tJ_
spelt in the same way i A. m lettu*
of the plaintiff of the 5th of February, 18G7,
to Ladv Tichbome, the word is si>elt re
ceved" in three diilerent places.
The Lord Chief Justice I have asked Mr.
Davis for some of the plaintiff s earlier k ttjrs,
and I see in two of the *23d ol January, liwo,
and the 24th of July, i860, the word is also
8PMr. Hawkins Here is a printedbookm
which there are memoranda, said by the
plaintiff to have teen written by Arthur
Orton, The word ^received" is spelt there
Q?CAJid?littlt'and big "l's" are mixed?
A. Yes
He say 8: This day.1 received a letter from
Donald MacDomld jrnth the seal broken.
And again "I, Arthur Orton, here make a
vow onthifl book iOttiuffbit i? ?oU Bible
mid flesh l <wllt fitti out thenmn if pool,
ble A. ToS j I lave seen many of Rogers
iCttOT.
Q- Hare you ever met the word "receved"
so spelt there? A. Not to my recollection
the number of Roger's letters that I -have
seen, however, is very limited you liave great
bundles of them if I had your opportunity
I rather think I Bhould find "such Instances 1
found this ujion hLs habit of had spelling I
went through Roger's misspellings for coun
sel, but I did not notice the word received
I have not got the memoranda I made; I dare
say they were destroyed after they were
copied.
Mr. Sergeant Ballantine The copy is in
my possesion.
Q. Here is a letter of Arthur Orton's to
Sirs. Jury, dated January 28, 1853, in which
lie says, "I have got a fue very good custom
era that will keep me going till I get a fue
more." Now, "few" in both cases is spelt
"fiie." A. It mav be so, or It may be some
thing ebe? feu or fue."
Q. In Orton's letter to Miss Loder, from
Torquay, he writes: "I tike the op
portunity ol writing these fue lines?" A.
Ye?.
Q. In the plaintiff's letter of the 17th June,
ISOU, to Lady Tichborne? in the "Dear
Cousing Kate" letter, and in one or two
other letters of the plaintiff, the word "few
is spelt "fue." Did you ever find that spell
ing in Roger Tiehborne's letter? A. I don't
recollect; that is all I can say.
Q. The words "it hear" occurred in Or
ton's writing in "The Rivals," and in some
thing by the plaintiff. Are those words very
similar in the two A. To my mind the two
are not similar. I don't see myself that there
is any resemblance. I have had mv atten
tion called to the word "trouble," and I have
lieard that plaintiff spells it without the "o."
Q. Did Koger Tichborne ppell it trouble?"
A I have not had my attention called to the
spelling of that particular word.
The Lord Chief Justice said that the word
was spelled truble" in several instances in
the plaintiff's letters
Mr. Hawkins Do you find many instances
in which the spelling is different in Roger's
spelling and in that of the plaintiil
Witness: Ye.*, but he has been knocking
about the bush lor fourteen or fifteen years.
Dr. Livingstone says he almost forgot his
own language whilst in Africa.
Q. Do you look upon a life in Australia
and in the bush as similar? A. Yes; he can
now write a very nice letter; Hiss Rr.iiue
has not been giving him lessons he is one of
the readiest li tter-writers I know he writes
oQ at once, and never considers.
Q. Can you account for his using large
"i's" before he left England, and small "iV'
of erwards A. lirs; he would be educated
to write small "IV' in Francc. I have heard
Roger used small i's."
The small i's in England would be
a return to his early education A. It would
be owing to his indifference.
Q. Is Arthur Orton's small "i's" owing
to his French education? A. To his imper
tect education.
(J. Now the plaintiff is using large "I's
and returning to his English education? A
Yes.
Q. Did it omir to you that the large "I's"
in the Wagga-Wagga' letter might have been
due to Mr. (iibbs having looked it over? A.
No, it did not.
Q. Was the plaintiff, in 1SC7, allowing
money to Orton's sisters? A. I did not
hear of it so early as that as far as I know,
the plaintiff never saw Mrs. Jury or Charles
Orion until July, 18(i8. I never saw receipts
they gave; the plaintiff never told me he
bad destroyed them I never heard plaintiff
was corresponding with Charles Orton early
iu 1S03, Orion using the name of Drand I
do not know that Orton is in the plaintiff's
service now I believe not I cannot account
for his being in the court months after he
had been examined.
Mr. Jiawkins said that he was at length
done with the witness.
In addition to the above trstimonv the
London correspondent of the New York
II oriel writes
"This is all very rough for Roger; there
i? no mistake about that. The feel in" to
night is that the ease lu.s received a?fatal
blow."
Almost Too Effective a Remedy* Tues
day morning a hor^e drawing a grocery
wagon and a German up Pacific street took a
notion into his head tliat lie had gone far
enough, and in spite of urging-, coaxing, and
whipping, stood stock still, with hi* logs
braced and his cars drawn back. The usual
crowd surrounded him, and innumerable
treatments were suggested and tried with no
avail. They sawed h is lore-legs with a rope,
stopped his breathing, twisted his tail, and
pulled and pushed hiui; but he only braced
himself the harder, and looked at the crowd
with an eye of contempt. At last a tall Piker
came along, and picking up a large handful
of mud from the gutter, crammed it into the
brute's mouth. There was a scattering of the
crowd as the old horse kicked and reared, and
the sccnc ended in an exciting rice l?y the
young man after his horse and wagon as
they tyre up the street at a pace they had
never equalled before.? San Franciico' Morn
ing Call.
Two farmers living near Galesburg, 111.,
got to bantering about whether a span of
horses belonging to one could pull more than
a span of mules belonging to the other. It
was decided to try it in the middle of the
main street of the village. The mules were
hitched to the end of a long, stout chain, and
tiie horses at the other end. At the words
?'get up," quick sprang each span, both
sharp shod, gaining and losing by fits and
starts, the horses linally pulling the mules
after them. At another trial the mules went
oil' with their load. This was followed by a J
long, cheering shout from the crowd. But
after various trials it was decided that the
horses were the stronger, for in the last trial
they pulled the mules after them, turning
them about in their harness, amid?t the great
apulause of t.ho
SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY.? A rare
O opportunity is afforded the youUi of this city and
Slat*; for acquiring a practical knowledge of the art
of telegraphing by the SCHOOL of Messrs. PAYN
TER fi. Met; OVER N\ which Is now In successful
operation at No. 1210 MAIN STREET (up stairs;.
There is a constant and ever-lncraxsing demand
for accoiu]jlisbed operators throughout the country,
aud 110 profession or occupation now presents such
prosixscU for prompt ana remunerative employ
incut- J
Call at the school aa above, whore the instruments
may be seen In operation, and any deal rod iuforma- j
lion as to term*, length of session, ic., &e., will b?
fumP'ied.
Richmond, Va., D?ccmb?r 2\ l?7/
di; 27-Ti.&M:?m
T DISSOLUTION.? The firm ofF. H. RAID! I
X/ CO. have dissolved this day by mutual con
sent.
-Mr. F. IT. RHAM will recclve and receipt for all
monevs due said firm, and attend to the settlement of
lis business. FRANK II. ItAUM. 1
ROBERT II. ANDERSON.
Richmond, December lith, 1S7L
ILivintr purcliacod tlie Interest of my late oartner,
Mr. It. H. Anderson. I will couUnue the manufacture
of COTTAGE l' ORNITURE for the wholesale tnsd?
exclusively. FBaNK H. RAITM.
Richmond. Do-'cmber ilth, 1871. de
CEINE-TnREAD.? The first
V of mv own Importation SEINE-?>*S~*:.>&2
THREAT*, of all Nos. aud qualities, has arrived (a
pre.it deal more cspected daily), which I will sell for
lu*s than New York fi rices. A call from ail llshfcr
men and de;ders In SEINE-THREAD Is solicited.
L. L ICHTEN STEIN,
Importer of Se I n e-Th rmd and dealer in Seine-T\v 1 nes,
Ropes, Cotton Yarns, JLc., 1705 and 1707 Franklin
strtfi!, between SeTcntcenth and Elghtoenth.
de 19-3m
Q^nn REWARD.? A reward of FIVE
HUNDRED DOLLARS will be paid for
the apprehension and convlctf on of the Incendiary
who llred the com and plaster mill of D. W. Moore,
on south side of the Dock, on the night of the 2ith
Instant.
FIREMEN'S FUND INSTTRANCBftCOMPANY.
PETERSBURG SAVINGS INSURANCE
COMPANY,
VIRGINIA FIRE ANDfplWINE INSURANCE
COMPANY. <g de 28-lw
riOME ONEJgt)ME ALL II.
rftpT i'iie r
CIIEAPESTgJlPYSTER-HOUSE IN
JmUE CITY.
OYSTi^re EIGHTY CENTS PER GALLON at
r HASTINGS'S.
No. 134a Cary street,
de 20-1 w? opposite Tall^tt'a foundry.
TTENTION
LICORICE of anDrorad brands,
TONQUA BEANS'.
Prima ANGOSTURA GUM ABABIC, iclect
aud sorts;
SUGARS und SYRUPS, all grades, always for
sale on good terms by
*Sfle 12-lm A. Y. STOKES A CO.
Book and job printing neatly
*p? 1
fhivii w-*s x
X?W 1'ork Stock mid T*f<HMfy 3XttpJ?f>4
Kb* York, December 29.?Money closed
at 7 per cent. cnrrcncy to gold. Sterling, 9j.
Gold, 108| to 109. Governments nctive and
Rdvanccd to 1 'C2's, 109|. States inactive
Tennessee's, 02; new, G3f. Virginia'*, m
new, 55. Louisiana's, 60 new, 60. Levee's,
02 8's, 72. Alabama'*, 92 T,\ G2. Qeor- 1
gia's, 70; 7's, 70. North Carolina's, Si n<Tw,
13. South Carolina's, 48 new, 24. Gov
ernments: '81's, 118; 'frl's, 110; '05?s, 111;
new, 114$ '67's, 115$; 'OS's, same; lO-iO's'
109}.
Latest News from Washington,
Spcclnl telegram to the Dispatch.
"Washington, D. C., December 29.? The
beads of the different Departments will en
force the rules contained in the recent report
of the Civil Service Commissioners from and
after the 1st of January next, and instruc-
tions to that effect will" be duly promulgated.
The Secretary of the Treasury to-day ad
dressed a circular letter to all collectors of
customs notifying them that after Januarv
1st all appointments and promotions will be
made in accordance with said rules. He also
informs them that it will be necessary that
they appoint competent persons who are in
the Government service to make competitive
examinations of all applicants, and that the
name9 of the members of said examining
board be sent to him for approval.
There is increasing comment on tbi3 new
era of official conduct, and some of the fore
most supporters of the Administration are
disposed to war against it. A prominent
"Western Radical senator is already preparing I
to make an attack upon the report of the j
commissioners.
The monthly debt statement will not ap
pear until Tuesday next, as the Department
will lie closed on Monday.
The balances in the Treasury at the close J
of business to-day were ?11 1,000,000 in coin,
$10,000,000 in currency, and $35,000,000 in
coin certificates.
To-day, in the Criminal Court, two negro j
boys were convicted for highway robber}' in
the day-time, and the party robbed procured
a search-warrant for the recovery of a silver
watch taken by his assailants, which was as
certained to have been sold to a Mr. Shea.
The latter was arrested, but the officers, in
attempting to serve the search-warrant, were
resisted by Mrs. Shea, who drove them off*
with a pistol and a large knife. They shortly
afterwards returned and forced the door,
when Mrs. Shea assailed them, shooting
officer Dovle in the mouth, from which he
bled to death in a few moments after being
taken to a neighboring drug store. Mrs.
Shea was arrested and tnkeu to the station- j
house. Timon.
Wcnlbcr Probabilities.
Washington, December 20.? The condi
tions arc favorable for the development of an
area of low pressure in Arkansas and Mis
souri, moving northeastward on Saturday.
Threatening weather will probably continue
in the Gnlf and Southern States, with rain on
the latter coast. An area of rising barome- 1
ter, with partially cloudy and clearing wea
ther, will probably extend during the night
and on Saturday "southeastward over New
York and New England.
(icaenil Itonw.
Wastttxotox, December 29.?There was no
Cabinet meeting to-day.
The reported disaster to the Wabash Id un
confirmed, and is doubtless false.
The Departments are closed until Tuesday.
The Poeretuy of the Treasury has issued
a circular to collectors of custom* to observe
the rules of the civil service commission in
making appointments or promotions.
Thomas IX Long has been appointed post
ofilce agent for North Carolina.
The number of postmasters who will be
subject to competitive examinations is 5,101).
Surveyor-General Ewcll, of the Internal
Revenue Bureau, has left for Nashville, where
lie Is to decide upon the capacity of still using
cottonseed in masli. This is the first appli
cation made at. the Bureau for a survey on a
distillery manufacturing whiskey from "cotton
seed.
A policeman in attempting to serve a search
warrant for a stolen watch was killed to-day
by a woman who had purcluised the watch.
Tiie Wharton Trial.
AKSAror.is, December 20. Professor 17. S.
McCulloch, of "Washington and Lee Univer
sity, was^xrimined to-day in the trial of Mrs.
Wharton. Jle testified, that Aiken's tests
were insufficient to prove the presence of
antimony. He considers Aiken's analysis
radically defective, because he did not get
the metal.
Professor McCulloch, in experimenting
with chloral, also with yellow jessamin, pre
duced red precipitate, closely resembling
such as antimony would fcive. These experi
ments were made in the presence of Drs.
Ease, Geuth, and others.
ZVow York items.
New Yon*, December 2 J).? A large num
ber of newly-elected legislators arc at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel. Alvord will be speaker of
the JIousc.
General Sickles is a candidate for United
States senator.
The Erie railroad lias declared a dividend
of tliree and a half per cent, on preferred
stock.
Unfua iWpteTvgora clerk In the Bank of
New York, has committed suicide.
It is reported that Fisk lias compromised
with Mrs. Marston for 600,000.
The emigration commissioners have a large
number of unemployed laborers on hand who
want to go south.
General La Cecilia, the Paris communist,
and his wife have arrived herefrom Glasgow.
Cornell, Devlin, and Richard Tweed, are
"William M. Tweed's bondsmen. Tweed has
surrendered to the sheriff and resigned the
commissionship of public works, and Mayor
Hall has appointed George W. Vannort to
till the vacancy.
The steamer Moro Castle has arrived from
Havana.
An elevator gave way at the Fifth- Avenue
Hotel this afternoon. Four servants were
seriously injured.
Mayor Hall has not sent his resignation to
the Union Club, but it is expected he will do
so at the next regular meeting.
Rev. William Taylor, of Liverpool, has ac
cepted a call to the Broadway Tabernacle
church of this city.
Connolly was not able to perfect his bail to
day, owing to the withdrawal of a lady who
had offered to go on the bond for $100, 000.
THE SCIT AGAINST THE TODACCO MANUFACTURING
COMPANY".
New York, December 29.? A motion was
made to-day before Judge Cardoza to place
the case of Yeaton against the Tobacco Manu
facturing Company on the calendar of the
Supreme Court. The suit is to dissolve the
company, and the attorney-general Is plain
tiff. The company is charged with fraud in
filing its certificates. It is said that Tweed,
Sweeney, and Horace Greeley are interested.
The discussion 'between counsel was quite
personal, Bartlett, for the (Smipany, contend
ing that the attorney-general's action in con
doning the defect in the suit was sufficient
ground for impeachment. Decision was re
served.
Saii against a Sculptor, Ac.
Cincinnati, December 29.? The Mcpher
son Monument Committee are suing the
sculptor Jones for ?19,123 for failure to com
plete the work within the specified time.
A meeting of citizens has been called in
opposition to the expenditure of $10,000,000
for southern railroads.
i i
Fatal Boiler Espkwion.
Baltimore, December 29.? The boiler of
the Chesapeake Moulding aud Turning
Works exploded to-day. Mr. Harrington,
the senior partner of the concern, was killed.
Two men wer* rescued from the ruin*
badly hurt,
jifsT n <?3Ti tAf.4 A
rax miser of wales,
SAiaraKGaAX, December 29.?' TbePrinwof
"W" ales gains strength steadily. The Fuelling
above the hip is subsiding.
LETTER TOOK THE QtTEV ACKXOVLEDGWtt? TtB
LIC SYMPATHY FOR THE TBHCK 0? VALES.
London, December 20.? A letter Is put- 1
llshed from the Queen in which she says she
desires- to express her deep sense o"f the
touching sympathy exhibited for her family
by the whole nation at the illness of her dear
son, the Prince of "Wales. The universal
expressions of sympathy; she gays, have madA
an ineffaceable impression on her heart. The
letter concludes with the hope that her faith
ful subjects will continue to pray for the
complete recovery of the Prince.
OPPOSITION TO OI.ABSTOSX'S REPUBLICAN
TENDENCIES. .1
London, December 29.? Alarmed at Mr. I
Gladstone's republican tendencies, the con
servative section of the Liberals}, led by Duke
Somerset and Viscount Halifax, are seeking i
to form a cotilition with the Tories for the 1
purpose of electing Eight Hon. Mr. Bonverie
as speaker of the House of Commons instead
of Mr. Brand, and to compel the retirement
of Mr. Gladstone.
The Kuklnx Trials.
Columbia, S. C\, December 29.? In the
United States Court to-day the following ku
klnx prisoners pleaded guilty, and were sen
tenced to eighteen months' imprisonment and
$100 fine: Henry C. Warlkk, Milus Carroll,
Eli Ross Stuart, Josiah Martin, and Samuel
G. Brown.
The trial of Dr. Edward Avery, charged
with conspiring to prevent colored men from
voting in October, 1S71, aud to punish them
for voting in October, 1870, then began.
Bribery and Corruption in Chicago.
Chicago, December 29. The spccial grand
jury empannellcd to investigate the charges
of bribery and corruption against certain
members of the Common Council made a
partial presentment. They found true bills
against two aldermen and two ex-aldermen.
The work of the grand jury is but partly
accomplished. It is expected that every
guilty member will be indicted, and this will
probably weed out half of the Board.
The rumor that J. Young Scammon had
purchased the Republican is confirmed.
New Swindling Operation*.
P nil. ADELrm a, December 29 C.F. Heiss,
J. P. Myers, and B. F. McCartney, have been
arrested and heid to bail in the sum of ?2,000
each for engaging in a new phase of swin
dling operations. One of the party would
arrest a countryman and bring him before
the others, who, acting as magistrates, would
tine the countryman for violating the city
ordinances.
Silks and Teas Shipped Eastward?
Frozen to Death.
Sa.v Francisco, December 29.? Three car
loads of Japanese and Chinese silks, valued
at $2,000,000, were sent eastward Tuesday,
and ISO tons of teas will be forwarded to
day. The road is clear.
Two boys? aged respectively ten and thir
teen years? were frozen to death near Vir
ginia City.
Destructive Conflagration.
Litti. e Hock, December 29.? A whole
square was burned here lust nijfht, including
the Journal newspaper ofdee.
The Paciiie Railroad.
Omaha, December 29.? The Pacific rail
road is clear from snow, and all the trains
are ruuniug on time.
Alexis in Detroit.
Detroit, December 29.? Prince Alexis held
a public reception to-day in the City JIalL
lie leaves for Chicago to-morrow.
MACHIXEBY, ?*c.
^yiLLLYM E. TAXN'ER CO.,
METROPOLITAN WORKS,
CANAL STREET FROM SIXTH TO SEVENTl^
manufacturers of
ENGINES,
BOILERS, l
SAW-MILI.S,
BARK, GRIST, and PL ASTER MILLS;
GAS MACHINERY,
MILL-GEARING, Ac.
Repair-work solicited.
Freights to all points low.
Semi for circular. oc 4
Machine works.? sloat a d
DINGTON, Nos. 1122, 112-1, 112G, and 1428
(.'itry street, aud Now. 13 aud 15 south Fifteenth
street, Richmond, Va. We nuke ull kinds of new
work iii the machinist line, repair ail kinds of work.
We go iu the country to do ail sorts of work In our
line. Aid", make the best tobacco mills In the world,
and keer?tliem on hand, as well as tobacco screws of
Jill kinds, together with bnuils and bilicta aud nil ar
ticles for the manufacture of tobacco. We keep on
h ind for sale all sl;:es of new and second-hand En
gines Rollers, Saw-Mills, Gri*t-MUls, Power Pumps.
I'latform Scales, Slmfilng. Hungers, Fulleys, Oar
and IJevil Wheels: and, In fact, a geuend aisortinont
of all useful articles in our line, together wilh
Oiling Cups, for both engine and smiltiug; *iue
Cleaners Oil Cans; Water-Gauges, Jic. Aii of which
we sell at reasonable prices and on accommodating
terms. N. B. We receive on consignment all kinds
of machinery, lH>th new and second-hand. Come and
see U3. |oc 'Jl SLOAT ADDINGTON.
IXSOtASCE COMPANIES.
Albemarle insurance
COMPANY,
CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA.
'ESTABLISHED 1851.
Assets S200,000.
This company does a GEN ER AL BANKING AND
INSURANCE BUSINESS: $100,0<Xt of chancer)- do
posits carried safely through tlie war.
FIRE-LOSSES PROMPTLY ADJUSTED AXI>
PAID.
Tnis old and well-known company continues to
1mU? FIRE POLICIES on the nio*t favorable terms.
X. H. MASSIE, President.
B. H.MAGKUDER. Vice-President.
JOHN WOOD. Jit., Secretary.
It. 9. MORGAN, Assistant Secretary.
Agent for Richmond, Va., John II. Mon'tagci;.
de 20-eod7t
?J^OliTH BRITISH
AND
MERCANTILE INSURANCE COMTANY
OF
LONDON AND EDINBURGH, G. B.
Capital, $io,ooo,oott In gold Invested In tho United
States over $l,5i)J,W)o; deposited with Treasurer of
Virginia, $50,000 In United States bonds.
Having been appointed agents to the above-named
company, we are prepared to issue Its policies against
loss or damage by fire on buildings, merchandise, an 1
personal property of all kinds, on tlic most liberal
terms.
Losses equitably adlustc-d and promptly paid.
D. N. WALKER CO.,
oc 7 Nc. 1014 Main rtreet.
KEST AC RAM'S.
TOM GRIFFIN'S NEW EAT
X IXG SALOON, comer Main *nd SU S?
Fourteenth streets, over the banklng-^^B^^^.
house of Isaacs, Taylor W illlams, r
wh ere can be found the very best OtYSTEKS,
GAME, MEATS, Ac., furnished In the old snd
well-known way of TOM Glcli'FJN. Cooking done
for private families. Boarder# taken at low prices.
I law and Pickled Oysters, Game. Ac., fnrnWied at
short notice. TOM GRIFFIN,
de 30-3t* corner Fourteenth and Main streets.
SON', on Twelfth street near Main, where you can get
everything usually kept In a firet-claae restaurant.
do K-t?IanJtt
1
RARE OPPORTUNITY OFFERED
TO THE LADIES OP RICHMOND.
Having dccidcd to soon discontinue the
REPAIRING OP LACES
In this city, I will, for a reasonable remuneration,
take tn, from tlw 1st of January, 1872, until the
month of July following, a limited number of LA
DIES for the purpose of teaching them how to do
up and mend and repair their own LACES.
Mrs. J. M. GRANGER,
LOOK! LOOK!
Come one. come nil to the old-estab
lished RESTAURANT of J. T. JOHN
de!7
G21 Broad street
Vhat business wdstrMMMfted'on ChMgct
not worth rt>i>oftIng. There Is HtOe or no
coining !n,acdthi?U ?tufl to U* being boUtey*****
during which there is but little work done byfet
employee* of formers. The ?m?H quantity of ?s? ??~s
sold to-day lndl?t? no changeJU) Agpffy rPsftlofc
of prime ycUow soty for ?2c.
fx s ^cbagco Fxchagf 3..^,
.Nothing whatever wv done at the Tobacco Hx
change except that toemLcw filgned a
Congress for a reduction hi tl? tctacco tnx,an<?
then gathered around the stores MJtfl# fhefr ttgm
and pipes and haS an hour ot two of oW-fisblcmcd
Virginia social convene- n-'-'n -c
1 V -5
The Tobacco Market oa Reported \rj tha ISeTf
York Tobaceo Lc?fi rr-jfT f .br
Virginia /am/.? The market *?r Virginia k?f?
and. in fact, for *11 the vark^les of tobaocy, Is abto
lufdy without anything of a "business nsttnr* to re-
port. It cannot, perhaps be said there wat: lew >."i
trade doing during tha week thau ever before for an
Sual period of time, but It may be averred with <SOj
iiity that bnslneM h.w rarely or never been dnller
than in the interim between the las* nnd present re- m
view, urnl this, as has been intimated, holds truao<i
all the departments of trade within the range Of Cttr
ordlnary weekly ftnmmanr. Mfe Sm fSft^ H
iTlces continue tinu for all grades of Virginia
tobacco, but this is due rather to anticipations of
fntnre advances than tn any element at present to be
found In business circles calculated to sustain prices.
We note silos of IS hogshead* leaf and primings at
?nil rates. The markets of Richmond, Petersburg,
and other cltics of Virginia, are void of animation,
us we learn from late advices, and receipt? are com
ing In slowly and In small volume. The prevailing ??g
moist and mild -weather will, however, materially
Improve the quantity and qnallty of receipts, adapted
as It Is to the proper handling and prizing o f to
bacco.
Mtm ufacturtrt .?Dullness prct racted ami profound *r*.
characterized transactions lu this department of
tnwle throughout the week, and we are scarcely abler a
to report the well- worn expression, Wo havo Lcard
Of Mme small sales for consumption and alio lor
Milj ineiit,11 dealer* being too much occuplcd in the
work of closing up the volume of the vcar now
rapidly departing io fternL?Tf*ven thlrsmall Item of
Intelligence, it Is well thn record of thepnstitffordj*
matter conccrnlng which they can busy themselves
a little, otherwise ih?*re might w? danperoftbe gwrw?
lug ennui resulting. In a chronic (IWeileU for ccUvo
employment. Though doing but lUtW now. the Idea'
prevail# In the undo? and in which we arrts nappyt&\
concur? that if Congress will ouly do Its doty the f
year to come win show a good halauce-shect for both
merchants and manufacturers when the books are
ma<!e up on January i, Hi 73. Whether* so much \.j
that Is good can reasonably be expccied of
our law-makers* and rulers remains to bo
seen. For our own part wearenotxangulno, forwc do >'i
not feel sure the requisite cifcrt will' be uiade to life*
spire compliance with the wishes of the trade as ex
pressed at the late Con ventlonnud elsewhere; but we
feel sure that with energetic exertion the necessary
legislation would be printed. Commissioner Douglas,
we are Informed, dec lines to replv directly to tlte
communications that have b*eti sent to him regart
Ing a continuance of the existing bonded warehouse
svstcm by the dealers In manufactured tobacco,
electing, instead, to refer those interesWd to his
remarks In the late annual report ot the Revenue
hureau, which, be it observed, contains not a soli
tary word of reference to the reasons which Impel
Its author to prefer Its abolition. The Com mis-
aioner, says one. In culMtanco, who luw well con
sidered the whole tiuestlou, well knows that our
home trade has been almost entirely broken up,
and that the only wny to revive It Is to force every
pound of manufacture.! tobaceo Into bonded ware
houses, He also knows that all the Illicit t raffia
there la In tobaccos Is due tc> the connivance of irre- *4
sponsible manufacturers, and, therefore, IT deiilrona'
of fostering and protecting the hojjeat portion off
the trade, he should seek to suppress unlawful jprac-_ v
ttces by the only means timt are or can hema Jo'^
cirective; Hint Is, by coutioulug and extending wic-e;
house fivcllltles. Now. there is a point that may very 4
well be briefly touched upon right here. So far as Is
known no manufaetnrer h.w? iiwnor can ttc mate- t
riallv injured In hts business by the warehousing
system, while it Is a patent fact that many, very
m-iny, are much benefited thereby; and it Id equally
patent that If the svstem be abolished the entire mer?
cantile Interest would suffer Irreparable lniury.
What worthy motive, (hen, can l?c aligned for
seeking the change? It Is InsutHdent, as anoflset
to the lntn Itable greatlnnn tliat will wwue, to urge
that fraudulent proditctlou and sale can the better bo
broken up, because this Is not certain, nor even pro-
bable; and beside*. l>v extending tha bondedt?wre?
houses to sections of ihe country where illegal prac-
tlces prevail, such practices can be prevented, ren-
dc red impossible, as Oiey are whore warehouses now
one. if it bo
In Uie lal
*MH.U IIUI'VVIUIVI W?v; HJIV4V nai pi
e.xlst, and this without harming any ou?
leinnrred that to check Illicit operaflous iii uwiai
ter way would cost utorc than tnc object h worth, It
may be answered, and emphatically answered* tb?t
tl-.e oliject to 1? trained Is not alone tue suppression oCl
a i?rcel of scoundrels, but the saving-ox a whole
branch of ailloiuil Industry? ;i large, lulluent, gauT
ous, honorable branch of Industry. Surely u> accom
plish this cannot coat too much, cost what it may,
Congress cannot go far astray if the question is cot-
sidered by It from this point of view.
Smoking.? The smoking trade Is neither duller nor
yet more active than when last referred to. Dealers
complain more of the suspense they are left In bym t
knowing what future legislation Is going to do to or
for them than of the ha.-kwartness or buyers, thos gh t
on the latter account there is ample giound for ac
cusative comment, though we know vew'well tbe
r;iu<e <if tbeir !il??reidlon from the market, and thtlr
cxcluaivcncss when there.
Cotton Markets? [By T?unoiuru.J
Galveston*. December no Cotton steady gocd
ordinary, I7i^!7jc.; stock, 4<j,loy bales; sales for
the wwk, bates.
New Omluans, December 29'.? Cotton irregular;
middlings, l&Ee.; stock, 17j,ICi bales; solos tor tho
week, 22.-:oo fetles.
Mobilb, December 20 Cotton quiet middlings,
191c.; stock, 0S,i-lu bal<; j sales for tlio week, U,luj
Laic-s.
CMATttEfTOW. December 28.? Cotton drill mid
dling, 1*3 ('Use.; stock, M,tSTJ bales; sales tor tho
Week, 2,80u bale*
Norfolk, December 29.? Cotton dull low mid
dling, 13j<$l#jc\; stock, 4,078 balm sale* for the c
week, 4,u7h. >t
Baetijioue, December 29.? Cotton quiet and
firm; middlings, I9]c.; stock, 2,623 bales; sales l'vr
the week, 1,G32 bale^ i
Domestic Markets? [Dy TELEOnxHT.]
New Youk, December ro.? Cotton "quiet Bale's,
837 teiles; uplands. 20c.; Orleans, Jojo. Hour?
i^uUiern, dull and drooping; coiumou to fair exlr<?(>
JSSd.6Uifi-ii7.25; good to chtucc.. $7.4J?l??.&. W'hliki y
heavy at 93e. Wheat -Winter red w&/Whi;
^L5?|j.?l.!9. Corn inactive nnd nnchnn# d. "Rice*
quiet atnii^Sic. I'oik unsettled: now, ??U~'0^?jr>,
Hecf steady. Lard firmer; kettle, flit'.' Turpentine
llrm. Kosiii dull. Tallow steady. Freights' heavy!
B.VLTtMonE, December 23.? Flour quiet and ilrrhr
Wheat doll and tniohnugcd. Corn qnlet and cnuxo
white, ?9^7lc. yellow, ?6^7ie. Pork itrm. ii'tcvu;
quiet; shoulders, 7ie. Laru steady. Whiskey,
Virginia old, 45 bid; coupons old.?<5bfd; Con
solidated, ?(i? bid, asked. Heat Virginia's, Jt
bid. North Carolina's, so bid; new, 12 bid; special
tax, 12 hid.
fe
BOOTS, SHOES, Ac.
TUST RECEIVED, A SPLm*J>II>a_K,
Hue of GENTS' HANIi-8KWKD|i^
1) OUBL K-SOL E IJOOTS and GAiIEliS.??,
Also, B
mines',
style. l..w.
dcW _ 1303 Malo atrcet.
Something new foe the*^
LADIES AT A. M. HARRIES.
Just recclrcd. tbo HARGOU8 BOOT, the likRd?
Bomest style over Introduced in this city; WHJXS
KID BUTTON BOOTS and every style of W HITE
SLIPPERS.'
I make- it a specialty; In getting op BOOTS. and
SLIPPERS for bulb and briden. Have .always, oa
liaod a fnil assortment of SHOE TIttMMlNOS to
matcli drcsscj. .-??v*--'}
IhuKtsoiue KUSSIA LEATH ER BUTTONBOOI 3
foe &2.St>; and ercry styie of. BOOT auu SHOA^
wliicli I Will sell at tho Iowe?t prices.
A. M. HARRIS, rvJ
203 Broad street, next door to. the
do 2!> corner of Third street.
TUST DECEIVED, Ladies' White*!!*
ft Kid Button Boots; l^adlm* French KlnHSmL
Button Boot*: Ladies' French Button JTooUf?^
and BalmoruJs, saw-tccth stitch; "Misses1 Button
Boots and lialioorab of smu* style#; G<ihb? -Coif
Dress Boots; Gen to' Calf Cougress Gsliftw, singlo
And double soles; old Gents' Gaiters, single and def?
ble soles. CaU at 1203 Main street for the best
goods at lowest prices. ,-r>
no 29 JOHN C.PAOR ^l
TOHN H. BOSCH EN fcON,
U 60> BROAD STREET,!
LLENRY C. BOS CHEN, I
421 BRO^VD-STHlSW,
MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS 1ST ROOTS
AND SHOES, tJJ _
will consoli'titc in January, 1S7?. We fWt! offfer
until then our large* stock or BfM>Tfi and SHOES r*
AT AND BELOW (X)ST, t sA
to reduce Uie mm hy tiutt time. We will maiic ftttra
large deduction to parties buying to large quantl
tlea. i:- BO S*8tt'
CQgglSMOy MERCHASTO.
TORN ^r^VTATT, GE37ERSX SH3P
1J PING and C05! MISSION MERCUAJPF, Ko.
3 Governor strat, Khsianosid, Va., (post-oiEcc box
13,) agent for the Old Dominion Steamship Compa
ny, ror New York; Icman Line, ftr jlftcrtoo);
Anchor Line, for Glasgow; .Natlona'. Line, for Ll'r
3u?MK AXP CEXJESt.'
T 1MB, LIME, LIME The Lime mtttr
1~J farturcd bv us In Botetourt JMUMXt ta?F?/w
WILSON OR liOCKYlLLE LlMETwill bereaf%
be put upon the market under the Eauac of INDIAN
ROCK LIME. Orders for which may 1m loft at car
onto, Ko. MM Dock
'^yfrtmher 2VlS7t.,i
gOSIETinXG QTttTE NEW;
APPRECIATED BV^ADTES GENEKALLY,
HAYING
We are prepared to have made 6i tte i
proved maiM^'X aoy daserltffcm.ot f
rHILI)B^TCLuTHl^G?^?A
TL E3! KN^S, anl CK n.DHKS-S TJ!?3K,*??F**K
to order at ^neat no (ice, sad ftwuraaict sdk&c
tiOBr i ,:tl
An Important ee<niiderBa<i^^_
making a dlwovory of any jg^MoC weaeto^ ap
oatm.>yf^^^
JtfUSf

done bv parties to thls^ wh?>are l
mint, atttf we Ktv
uw t)K- workahai) be depo hy thowjf
tent and dcscffinfpf V -<v_^S?*3rj
And Lwtly, we ?k
pxoiuLtii\?fho her wotf
desires to bei
obw to do her worfci _
Udluiww^lkg^
domestics _