THE RUTLAND WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1871.
THE RUTLAND HERALD.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10. 1371.
The Crcnt Conflagration.
We give oar space this morning to the
account of the great desolation caused by
the fire fiend in Chicago. Tho entire
country is paralyzed by this awful cal
amity. A whole city has been swept
away by the fire. Its business house?,
bankp, hoteln, public buildings, news
paper cflioe?, and shipping are all con
sumed. A hundred thousand people are
homeless, and are frantically crying for
f,wd nnd fchelter. An appeal for food
L s scone forth from tho authorities to the
whole country. Lot us all heed tho ap
pall and send from our stores to help our
suffering friemds. But few of us that
hiive not relatives, friends and acquaint
ances that perhaps have lost their all,
are homeless, shelterless end suffering the
p ings of hunger this morning. Let us
heed their piteous cry for htlp and lose
no time in forwurding our contributions
at once. Tub nearer towns and cities
will fffird ti raporary aid, but tliit will
not be cufll'jent, for many of them will
have nothing left.
To fiio who t-uw this great commercial
metropolis in all its h( tiuty and busiuei-c
euterpriw?, but a fortnight since, these
femes of devantation and suffering are ap
palling ia tho extreme, and appeal with
mure than ordinary force. It can hardly
b,i cor.ct ived that thnsn fino blocks and
bny biuiucss mnrts ure now In ns-hes, and
tho bright smiling faces of friends and
a; lititanrcs then in tho full tide of
pr.cpf lity st cm t-o saddened and appeal
wi'h ni'-li force t s to hlmost unnerve one
0 r:i nt the J irtturoe vt n thousand nile
hvv y.
Ood grant that this si.lfrrir.fi tuny mr-L-t
spiedy relief, is tl o prayer f)f million-' ot
hi 1 1 t) i-. tnorning.
The (ivvwt Cliiciig'0
'ontlamation.
svi:kp or the 1 1 hi:
1 1 EM).
Trrrililc Scenes intlieCify
Ten
Thousand Buildings
Burned.
One Hundred and Fifty
Thousand People
Homeless.
About 11 o'clock Saturday night a fire
broke out in the block situated between
Clinti n, Canal, Van Burrn and Jacknon
S'rci tc, and before it was extinguished,
f 'tir blorks, hounded on tho r.orth by
Adau 8 strcr t, 7n the sf nth by Van Buret)
H'rer. im thn west by Clinton t-troet, and
on the cunt t.y the Chicago river, were
dcHtrnvi d. Four or live buildings within
t).n limi's n tmod remain uninjnred.
Among them i-i Vincent. Nelson Co.'s
grin wnrrhou!p, one of the largest in the
city, which escaped any serious damage.
Thin ia due to the fact that birice piles of
antlirrit coal lav between the bnrninir
buildings and elevator, nnd by a continu
ous application or large quantities of w i
ter to the coals, the warehouse was pre
vented from being burned. The space
burred over was covered with lumbsr
yardnf conl yards, wood yards, planing
mills, vinegar factory, and a larg num
ber of d welling houses and saloons. The
poor lass, who wtre inmates of many of
these houses, were startled from their
slumber, and bad barely time to rush out
in thfir scanty night attire, leafing their
honehold goods to destruction. In sever
al instances children wero hastily wrap
ped in blankets and quilts to break their
fill, and thrown from second s'ory win
dows to the ground.
When tho alarm sounded for this fire,
anothtrof considerable magnitude was
horning on Wells street, near Adam".
Several engines were unnr cessarily kept
en t lis fire. The rent of the engines in
tie city were soon on the ground. A clone
PNtimato of the entire loss places it from
$200,000 to .JOO.OOO, half of which ia
Vnhihly insured. The fire originated in
Lull it Ilolmca' plaring mill, on Cinal
ftreet, near Van liuren. As the wind
wa freoh from the south, the fire spread
nmthward rapidly and ttence east. In
half an hour the whole district was all
Bhbz. The tracks of the Pitt.-bnrg. Fort
Wayne Chicago, and Chicago St.
L nin Riilroads, which run through the
burnt di-ttrict, are damagfd to the extent,
probably, of $2,000 or $3,000. Margaret
Itadley, living on the north side of Jack
si u t-treet, was burned to death. The en
tire nm tint of insurance will probably
fall below $150,000. TLo companies
which ntifivr are the Buff ilo, Western and
liafT do Fire and Marine, and the Alps, of
E-itv At a lute hoar a fire was raging in
the Western Division, which appeared to
hn us large as ihe fire Swturcliy ijiht.
The Hlurm was itiven at 9. 45 p. rr
At lii.oO a. m, the fire in tho West
Division raged with unabtted fury. The
fire commenced vnear Taylor street, be
tween Delevnn nnd Jefferson stree's,
ppresding in every diriction, and covers
at ltmct four blocks. The blocks are built
up policy Hnd Hlmost exclusively of two.
Story frame hems, siloons, groceries, etc.
The los is Urge, nnd it is feared that it
will proxe more disastrous in its charac
ter than the one of Saturday night. It is
impo'bln yet to learn but very few
names of the sufferers. The entire lit
will probably embrace several hundred.
At 1.45 a.m., the night was the moRt
awful in the annals of the city. The fire
which commenced at 10 p. m., swept over
a space of at last three times as large as
bat of Saturday night, and is still rush
ing on with greater fry than has marked
any stage of its progress, the engines ap
pearing almost powerless. Fire Marshal
Williams telegraphed to Milwaukee for
all the steamers they could spare. The
conflagration has devastated at least
twenty blocks, mostly composed of the
smaller class of dwellings and inhabited
by poor people. Not less than 300 build
itiKS have been entirely destroyed, and
more than that number of families ren
dered homeless.
The wind blew almost a gale from the
south, and showers of sparks and burning
brands swept over the city, threatening
ot-ntruction on every hand. The tower of
jae court house caught fire from the fly
ng brands, but was extinguished by the
Watchman of the tower. No description
can giya an adequate idea of the terrible
ene. The fire started ia a row of two
"wry wooden tenements on Delevan street,
cetween. Jefferson and Clinton, and, as
was the case Saturday night, spread with
terrible rapidity. Before an engine could
get on the road half the block was in
flimesand burning furiously. The en
tire department were soon on the grounds
and at work. For a time it seemed prob
able they would succeed in confining it
to four or five block. The wind was blow-
m 1 C I mm..
ing freshly wnen tnenre startea, Dnt in
creased to a gale and suddenly the flames
seemed to spread in every direction, be
yond the control of the fire department.
At 2 a. m., on Monday the fire was still
raging with increased fury, and had
spread almost with the velocity of the
wind, and had reached West Monroe
street, a distance of more than a mile from
where it started, and covers a breadth of
nearly half a mile.
At 2.10 a. m., on Monday, the flames
raged with increased fury in every di
rection, and God alone could only save
the city from destruction. A fearful
panic prevailed all through the streets
where people were rushing to and fro
weeping and wailing. Brands from the
fire wero blown across to the east side of
the river, and sat some wooden buildings
on fire, directly adjoining the Chicago gas
houses. The flames spread in every di
rection among the adjoining buildings.
The prospects were that the gas house
would be destroyed and the city wrapped
in darkness.
A terrible panic prevailed throughout
tho city, and almost everybody, men, wo
men and children were heard wailing in
every direction. It looked as if the whole
city might be destroyed. A large num
ber of lives have been lost, but how many
cannot be known until tho fire baa been
arrested. The alarm bell commenced
ringing an unceasing peal, which was in
tended to call every sleeper from his bed.
The panic is increasing, and the people
Heem almost crazy with alarm. Vessels
is the river are on fire, and all in the
south river will probably be destroyed. A
raging, roaring peel of fire envelopes
in twenty blocks of the city. The
fiimes wera within a block of the tele
graph office, where this dispatch was writ
ten, and are sweeping onward lilcs a
whirlwind, against which human efforts
are powerless, and it is impossible to tell
where it will stop.
Afternoon Tiapatche?.
Tlie CJrrat Chicago Fire.
TIIK IIUKATKST CONFLAGRATION OF THE
CF.NTURY A BELT OF FLAME ACKOSS
THE CITY ONE JIl'N TRED AND FIFTY
Ti;orANI PEOPLE HOMELESS.
Buffalo, Oct. 9.
Tho lire at Chicago ia unparalleled in
the history of this country. It has already
extended from Polk street on the South
side to Chicago avenue on the North side,
and taken in the West side as far as
Clinton avenue, destroying the business
portion of Chicago entirely. The water
works have been destroyed, leaving the
fire department powerless and the city at
the mercy of the lire demon. The flames
are rapidly destroying the remainder of
the South fide, includiug State and Wa
bash avenue. A dispatch, dated 808
State street, says we will soon have lo
vacate on account of rapidly approaching
ll imes. Among the prominent buildings
known to have been destroyed are the
Sherman, Briggs and Tremont Houses,
Court House, Board of Trade, both tele
graph offices, Lake Shore depot and Fort
Wayr.o depot, all the newspaper except
the Tribune anil Express offices, and most
of the prominent banks, also six of the
largest elevators.
Later 11:. 10 a. m. The fire is still
ra 'in. No estimates of the extent of
loss can be made. There are at least
150,000 people left homeless. It is blow
sng a gale.
THE CHICAGO FIRE THE CITY ISOLATED
FROM TELEGRAPHIC COMMCNICATIOX
New York, Oct. There is no telegra
ph ic communication with Chicago. The
flames reached the telegraph office, which
was abandoned at 2.15 a. m. Chicago
time, since which time no telegrams have
been received. A rr.ap of Chicago shows
that up to that hour the conflagration had
extended a mile and a quarter, viz from
Delavan street across the South branch of
the Chicago river to the corner of Wash
ington and La Salle streets, opposite the
Court House. The report of the confla
gration as it progressed wa3 sent by the
agent of the Associated Tress in Chicago,
to within five minutes of the time the
Chicago telegraph office was abandoned.
New York, Oct. 9, 9 45 a. m. We
learn from the office of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, at Valparaiso, a
small town about forty miles Southeast of
Chicago, that the Sherman House, Board
of Trade, Custom House, all the railroad
depots and the Western Union Telegraph
building, at Chicago, are all in ashes.
SECOND DESPATCH.
Buffalo, Oct. 9. 11:30 A. m. The
following particulars of the great fire at
Chicago are obtained from J. N. Critten
ton, operator of the Western Union Tele
graph Company in Chicago, who has just
arrived in Englewood, 111., seven miles
Southeast of Chicago Mr. Crittenton left
the citv on an engine at 8.30 this morn
ing. The Cre commenced about 9 o'clock
last night, near the corner of Jefferson
and Delaven streets, and swept every
thing before it, taking a Northeasterly
course through the central part of the city.
The Court House, Western Union tele
graph office, hotels, banks, and apparent
ly everything, within half a mile west of
the Court House, and as far south as Folk
street, and probably west of State street,
and perhaps east of that are all destroyed.
The fire now rages on the north side east
of Wells street. It extended up to Chi
cago avenue in a northeasterly direction.
It is being checked to the windward cn
the south and west sides. The wirier seems
to blow hard and to be changing towards
the south. I think it reaches towards the
great Central depot, and that is probably
destroyed. The Lake Shore, Michigan
Southern and Kock Island railroad depots5
CityWater Works, Tremont House and
Sherman House, Crosby Opera House,
etc., are among the buildings destroyed'.
The elevators on the main river must all
have been burned, as the fire was raging
on both sides at 7 o'clock, when I was
there. Thousands of people are house
less, and the losses will exceed $50,000,
000. Chicago, Oct. 9, 10 a. m.
The business portion of the city is des
troyed. All the banks, express and tele
graph offices, all the newspaper offices ex
cept the Tribune, six elevators and tho
water works have beeen burned. There
is no water in the city. Not less than ten
thousand buildings have already been
destroyed. The fire has burned a dist
ance of five miles, and is still raging.
The wind is blowing a gale. It will be
almost impossible to get any reliable de
tailed particulars for some time time, as
there is only one telegraph wire working,
and that only to the suburbs. The fol
lowing message, signed by the Mayor of
Chicago, was sent to the Mayor of St.
Louis this morning
Send us food for the suffering. Our
city is in ashes. Our water works are
burnt.
New York, Oct. 9 11.30 A. m. In
formation brought to Calumet station by
horsemen from Chicago says the fire is
raging with ten-fold fury. A great nunv
ber of houses have been blown up, but
this has no effect in staying the progress
of the flames. All the banks are destroy
ed, and much shipping. The loss is esti
mated already at not less than $500,000,'
000. The Mayor has telegraphed to all
the principal cities for food. The Tre
mont House is destroyed. The fire is
now running down Wabash avenue.
11.45 A. M. The following is from J
J. S. Wilson, superintendent of the West
em Union Telegraph Company
Chicago, Oct. 910 a. sr. There is no
water. The fire is now coming south on
Wabash avenue, and will probably reach
us here, where, the temporary telegraph
office has been established, before night.
Englewood, ten miles from Chi
cago, Oct. 9, 1 A. M. The work of devas
tation continues. More than one half of
the city ia already destroyed, and the
flames continue their ravages almost un
opposed. At about 1 o'clock this morn
ing the fire crossed the river at Adams
street bridge and soon destroyed the gas
works, and then spread itself in every di
rection, and at this hour almost every
building from Harrison street north to
the Chicago river are in ashes, including
all the insurances offices, banks, hotels,
telegraph offices, newspaper establish
ments, with the single exception of the
Tribune office, which is fire-proof. The
Court House, Sherman House, Tremont
House, Palmer House, new Pacific Hotel,
new Bigelow Hotel, and in fact every
ting else is swept clean. This district
embraces all the heavy business houses in
the city. The reign of terror and brim
stone in Sodom and Gomorrah can hardly
be compared to the devastating reign of
the fire fiend in Chicago. More than one
half of the population is now rushing
through the streets in vehicles, which are
obtained at enormous prices, on foot and
in every other way, with the choicest
household treasures in their arms and on
their backs, into utter confasion, not
knowing whither to go. Fearful suffer
ing mut follow, and almost immediately.
Full one hundred and fifty thousand peo
ple are at this moment homeless and
houself si, not knowing where to lay their
heads or get anything to satisfy the crav
ings of hunger.
ONE-TniRD OF THE CITY DESTROYED.
New York, Oct. 9, 10 m.
The following telegram has been re
ceived by Hon. O. H. Palmer, Treasurer
of the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany
CnicAGO, 111., Oct. 9.
Otic-third of the city is in ruins. All
the banks, insurance rffi ;es, warehouses
and elevators have been destroyed. Fu'ly
ten thousand buildings have been burned.
The fire is still burning and the wind is
blowing a pale. Rankin, Manager.
CINCINNATI AND THE CHICAGO FIRE
IIRLFING TOE SUFFERERS.
Cincinnati, O., Oet. 9.
The Mayor of this city hag telegraphed
the Mayor of Mayor of Chicago, offering
the services of our fire department if
needed. Many bouses have been blown
up in the effort to stem the tide of cod nega
tion, but without effect.
Later. A muss meeting is being held
here, presided over by Gov. II-js, for the
relief of the Chicago sufferers.
ENGINES SENT TO CHICAGO II F.I P FOR
THE SUFFERERS.
Cincinnati, Oct. 9.
The Mayors of nearly all Western cities
hive proffered relief and BFsistance to the
Major of Chicago. The Chief Engineer
of the Cincinnati fire department, with
three engines and hose carts, has started
for Chicago. A mass meeting of rail
road Presidents, prominent merchants and
citizens of Cfncinnati is now being held
at the Chamber of Commerce to take
measures for the relief of the sufferers.
Chicago, Oct. 9, 5 p. m.
The awful work of destruction still goes
on with relentless fury. From Harrison
street on the soutn to Division street on
the north, and from the river to the lake,
an area of four miles long by one mile
wide, the fl imrs have swept everything
before them. It is estimated that abont
one hundred thousand persors are home
less and in a suffering condition. The
streets in the districts still unburned are
lined for miles with such household goods
as have been saved from destruction. The
most generous aesiVance in money, food,
or anything wanted, are coming in from
almost every city and town tbronghout
the country by telegraph. The Mayor
has responded to several offers and asking
that cooked food be provided as soon as
possible. Firemen are on the way from
Ciscinnati, St. Louis and other cities
The water works are entirely destroyed.
Buildings are now being blown up on the
line of the fire to arrest its progress.
LATER.
It is now beleied that the spread of the
fire southward has been stayed at Harrison
street, but on the north side there is no
diminution of its fury, and that entire
division of the city is evidently doomed
to ntter destruction. There are grave fears
that the fUmes may spread to the west
aide of the north branch of the river, end
tho inhabitants of the streets nearest the
river are already moving to places sup
posed to be of greater safety. The- West
ern Union Telegraph Company has now
six wirrs working east and south run
ning into a temporary office at the corner
of State and 10th streets. The North
western Railroad Company is running
trains cn both of its branches, which are
crowded with fleeing cit.'zens. It is now
possitively asserted by some that the wa
ter works are still intact, and the water
has been shut off from the sonth and west
divisions on account of the quantity be
ing used on the north side. A reliable
gentleman who has just arrived
from the north division, bring the
joyful intelligence that the water
works are uninjurad. God grant
that it may be true. It is impossible now
to give a correct statement of the lose,
but a full idea may be formed when it is
stated that every bank in the city except
two small savings institution, one on 22d
street in the south division and one on
Randolph street in the west division, are
destroyed all the wholesale stores, all the
retail establishments, the post offiee, court
houses, Chamber of Commerce, every
hotel in the sonth division, except Michi
gan Avenue House which standing oa
the extreme southern limit, escaped,
though is is badly scorched, keyery
neswspaper office, and the Tribune build
ing, which was supposed to be fire-proof,
finally succumbed, and every theatre,
the six large elevators, the immense de
pots of the Michigan, Southern and Illin
ois Railroads, both passenger and freight
depots of the latter, more than a score
of churches and much shipping in the
river, all are destroyed. Men who were
worth millions yesterday morning are
nearly penniless to-day, but more terrible
than this is the awful certainty that
many human beings have perished in the
flames, how many no one can tell, and
perhaps no one will ever be able to tell,
but it is known that some perished, and
it is feared that the victims of the fiery
monster may be counted by scores hun
dreds of horses and cows have been burn
ed in stables hundreds of animals though
released from confinement, were so be
wildered and confused by the sea of fire
which surrounded them, that they rush
ed wildly to and fro uttering cries of
fright and pain, until scorched and
killed.
Any attempt at a description of the ap
palling scenes would be idle. The sim
ple facts that the once great city of Chi
oago is destroyed, that hundreds of mil
lions of active capital has vanished, and
that nearly one third of Chicago's in
habitants are houseless and dependant
any attempt to embellish would be mock
ery. As the awful day draws to a close,
thousands of anxions eyes watch the
cloud of smoke which rolls over the burnt
district, with evident dread that a sud
den change of the wind may turn the
flames upon that portion of the city yet
spared. There seems however, little
cause for apprehension, and reinforce
ments of firemen from other cities are
constantly arriving.
TEK LATEST.
New York, Oct. 9.
The telegraph office improvised in the
southern part of Chicago, wbioh was sup
posed beyond tho reach of the flmes, has
been abandoned and communication with
the city ia agnin suspenped. It is ex
pected that another tffic will be opened
during the niht at a point two miles
south of the last place of refuge. The
operators before leaving theirinstruments
reported that the wind had veered around
to the north and was driving the flames
back southward.
Col. Wilson, Superintendent of the
telegraphs is in receipt of dispatches from
the leading cities, announcing that aid ia
being provided for the sufferers. Col.
Clowry, of St. Louis, telegraphed that
70,000 is subscribed by merchants there.
Cincinnati promises $200,000 and Cleve
land is proportionally, generous. All
of this and a great deal more will be
needed to relieve the immediate pressing
wants. Every thing is being done by
General Stager and his assistants to keep
up communieation for the citizens and
the press with the world out side.
FEELING IN THE COUNTRY.
Cincinnati, Oet. 9.
The news f the awful calamity which
has befallen Chicago, excited the greatest
interest and commisseration. All over
the country macs meetings of citizens are
beiog held. At Lonisfille, Columbus,
Wheeling, Pittaburgh and other places,
large turns are being subscribed, and food
an! clothing, were given iu large quan
tities. BUSINESS SUSPENDED IN CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Oct. 9.
Business was partially suspended to
dy owing to the Chicago fire. Nothing
was done on change but receiving sub
scriptions for the sufferers.
AID FROM rHLADELPIII A.
Philadelphia, Ojt. 9.
The Commercial Exchange Association
here Hppoiuted a committee of 20 to col
lect funds for Chioage, and have Bent a
message of sympathy to the Mayor of
Chi --ago.
Afternoon Dispatches
R I'M OR THAT THE FLAMES II AD BEEN
CHECKED TRE GOOD NEWS EOUBTED
ANOTHER ALARMING REPORT.
New York, Oct. 10, 7 a. m.
No press dispatches have been received
from Chicago later than those telegraphed
last night. The last dispatch was sent
circuitously by way of St. Louis and Cin
cinnati, and reached us four hours after it
left Chicago. The agent of the Associ
ated Tress at Cincinnati reports that pri
vate advices from Chicago were received
in the early part of the night, announcing
that the fire had been checked, but he was
unable to get a confirmation of the good
news, as the wires were not working to
Chicago, and up to 3 a. m. communcation
had not been restored. The private ad
vices referred may have been simply a re
petition of the report in the G p. m. dis
patch from Chicago, which represented
that the flames were checked at 1 p. m. in
the southern district of the city by the
blowing up of buildings under the direc
tion of Gen. Sheridan but since that hour
a service dispatch was sent from the
Western Union Telegraph Office at Buf
falo, at 11 o'clock this afternoon, to the
general office of the company in New
York, stating that the following had been
received from Chicago, no time given
"The fire is rapidly spreading. The tele
graph company has been driven from its
temporary office. The whole city is
doomed to go. The wind has changed
and is blowing the fire in all directions.
Since the above report was received noth
ing has been received from Chicago, and
the telegraph office here reports that no
telegraphic communication whatever has
been had with the city.
THE FIRE IN TIIK SOUTHERN PORTION
THE GLARE OF THE FLAMES AT
I NIGHT ONE-TH IRD OF THE POPULA
TION HOMELESS.
New York, Oct. 10.
The Times' Chicago correspondent tele
graphed at 1 o'clock this morning from a
point in the vicinity of Chicago as follows
My associate in the city has been compell
ed to abandon his post owing to the utter
impossibility to keep up telegraphic com
munication. When he left the doomed
city of Chicago the southern portion was
threatened. In fact, so great a hold had
the flames obtained on the wooden build
ings in that vicinity that the women and
children are flyiDg from their homes, panic
stricken, and recklessly abandoning their
household goods, it being impossible to
-save even the veriest trifle. He comes to
me prostrated by the excitement through
which he has passed, and appears wholly
unable to properly describe the scenes.
As I have already telegraphed you, one
third of the citizens of Chicago are posi
tively homeless and ruined. As I write
these lines the whole surrounding country
is vividly lighted up by the glare of the
burning city, and the scene even at this
distance is appalling, ine roads are
thronged with fugitives, who are vainly
seeking shelter for the night. Vehicles of
every description are constantly arriving,
and I learn that all the roads leading from
the city are in a similar condition. The
agony and terror at present prevailing in
the immediate neighborhood of Chicago
are simply awful and heartrending, and
the spectacle is one that will probably
never again be witnessed on this continent
in a century.
THE FIKE RAGING AT 2:30 THIS MOR
NING ONE-FOURTH OF THE CITY DE
STROYED. The same correspondent again tele
graphed at 2:80 this morning more defi
nitely this One-fourth of Chicago is in
rnins. The fire is still burning. It began
at 9i o'clock Sunday night. The West
division in Taylor and Halstead streets
are swept to the Northeast and South,
burning an entire area of five square miles
from Halstead North to the river and
from the river East to Lake Michigan.
The fire then crossed the river to the North
side and swept uninterrupted to Lincoln
Park, taking in its way churches, schools
and dwellings. No business house is left
in the South division. All the railroad
depots, theatres and newspaper offices, in
cluding the lribune, Post, Times, Jour
nal, Mail, Zeitung, Union and Advance.
The water works and gas works went
early iu the night, so there was no water
in the city. Steam engines arrived from
Milwaukee, but were useless. A fearful
losj of 'life was occasioned because of the
falling of walls. A vain attempt was
made to tear down blocks to check the
flames. Buildings are now being blown
up on the South side. Ten thousand
business men will be compelled to make
assignments, and an insurance crash is
inevitable.
Desolation and sorrow universally pre
vail. The river is impassable between
the Went and South divisione, except at
tho twelfth bridge, all others bein burn
ed, and it is feared thia remaining one
will be erushed bsneath the overwhelm
ing traffic. Five thousand poor families
are homeless and penniless. Help should
be sent at once to the poor. The wind ia
still boisterous, and if it turns North
nothing can save the Western division.
The present loss is estimated at from one
hundred to two hundred million dollars.
The fire-proof buildings burned like tin
der, especially banks, not one of whicb
remain. Few business houses saved even
their papers. The whole population was
busy all night, and the streets are now
like a bivouac with sleeping men. The
loss of life ia impossible to estimate. The
shipping ordered into the North branch
of the river was sent adrift into
Michigan. Many vessels were burned.
All business is suspended, and must re
main so for the present. Tremendous ef
forts were made to siva the Tribune and
Pud, as well as the City Hall and govern
ment buildings. Nothing remains but
blackened stores and crackling ciaders.
No papers can be published until the type
comes from elsewhere, as the type foun
dries aro also burned.
The origin of the fire was in a fctable,
where a woman took a kerosene lamp at
milking time.
A large number of firemen were killed,
they did their duty nobly, but the streams
of water on the burning blocks were like
fountain jets against the awful heat of the
cotfl igration.
The new hotel, eiht or nine Btories
high, just completed, sent up pyramids of
solid fl ime, making the water oi Like
Michigan ruby-colored fr miles the
burning bridges along the river swinging
a graceful arch of fire from whore to shore
Burning ships sailed in the crimson
waters. All the churches in south divi
sion, the Convent of Morcy, all railroad
buildings and front mansions on Michi
gan and Wabash avenues are gone. Tiie
very pavements are burned. Humor says
that another Cre has brok; n ut in LTyde
Park, a southern suburb, ud is moviug
north. If this be true, the du.-tru.:tio:i of
the remaining portion of the ttontheru di
vision cannot t e prevented. Oue hundred
squares are already burned in south di
vision. The population will probnbly be
reduced 50,000 iu n month. Bm-ims-
men cannot resume uuless substantial
help is sent from Ent and Wr. Ab ut
100,000 employes, engaged in mercantile
business, are out of employment. Streets
leading to the unburnt part of the south,
and all leading to one unbroken bridge
west, are completely blocked by all kinds
of vehicles, carrying sick and injured
people and blackened furniture. The
county records are safe, but the city
records are lost. Mayor Mason has re
ceived dispatches from St. Louis, Mil
waukee, Detroit, Louisville, and else
where, inquiring what they shall send.
He asks for cooked food for 10,000 house
less persons. Let every person contribute
his full share at once.
THE FIRE ALL OUT HEAVY RAIN FALL
SOUTH DIVISION DESTROYED.
New York, Oct. 10.
The fire drove the operators of the
Western Union Telegraph Company from
their temporary location at the corner of
Sixteenth and State streets, last night, at
12 o'clock. They then removed to the
corner of TwetrtyiseonlfomdState streets,
but were driven from that point at three
o'clock this morning. The fire has swept
down Wabash avenue and State street to
the suburbs. The whole southern por
tion of the city is in ashes.
New York, Oct. 10, 11.15 a. m.
The Western Union Telegraph Com
pany furnishes the following St. Louis
has just had communication with Chicago.
The dispatch reports a heavy rain there,
last night, and the fire is allout;
THB CONDITION TCE8DAT NOON.
Chicago, Oct. 10 Noon.
The fire continued to burn all last night
on the north' side, but this forenoon is un
der control. It ia literally true to say
that there is nothing remaining on that
side, from the river north to Lincoln Park,
on the north and from the north branch of
the river, on west end to the lake. This
portion of the city along the main river,
except where there were business blocks,
was occupied by dwellings.
Two-thirds of the population of this
district were Germans andScandanavians.
These people are now homeless. Some of
them are in frame buildings on the north
west section, and others are on the prairie
without shelter.
Throughout the day yesterday a renew
al of the fire on the west side was looked
for, a change of five degrees in that direc
tion would have led to that result.
There would then have been no refuge
for any. Everybody had their clothing
packed ready to start for the prairie at
any moment, but God averted this awful
addition to our disaster.
At sundown the wind lulled and at
o'clock this forenoon the rain, so fervently
prayed for, came. It did not rain long,
but the roofs of the houses and the ground
have been wet so that now it is possible
to have fires built to cook food for the
multitude.
A meeting of citizens was held in the
first Congregational church, in West
Washington street, which was continued
throughout the night. Measures were
concerted to protect what property was
left, and to provide for the homeless.
Richard and Charles Cramer of the
Northwestern Manufacturing company,
have contrived a plan whijh is being put
into execution, for providing water in
case of a fire breaking out at any time
The machinery of their works is being
used for that purpose.
PROTECTION OF PROPERTY AND FOOD
FOR TOE PEOPLE TWO MEN HUNG.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.
Fifteen hundred citizens were Bwornin
last night as an extra police force, and
the Secretary of War authorized Gen
Sheridan to employ all available troops
for guard, and issued orders for 100,000
rations. Five hundred soldiers are on
duty.
This precaution was necessary, for as
remarkable as it may seem there was
fiends who still sought to extend the dis
aster. Two fiends, cauabt in the act of
firing a house on the West side, were ar
rested end immediately hung to lamp
nosts. one on Fifteenth stroet, near the
i r
river, and the other three miles away in
Claiborne avenue, North side. This sum
mary action has checked the thieves and
murderers.
The arrival of firemen and engines from
Milwaukee, St. Louis and other cities has
aDcareutlv restored confidence. The Cin
cinnati train arrived this morning with
four engines, three from that city and one
from Dayton. They were seventeen
hours on the way, having to change their
route twice and finally came via Pegina
and Logansport. There was an inexpres
sible pleasure in seeing these experienced
firemen go right to work in a business
way. Where work was most needed they
are pluyiog on coal piles to save whatever
of fuel is possible and preventing a fur
ther spread of the flames. The vast plain
is covered with people wandering about
seeing the evidence of a wealth that has
completely vanished in flimes and smoke.
A few business men with some nerve are
seeking houses for business in the West
side. Rooms that were rented last week
for f50 now readily command $500.
There are not many of these, but enough
to allow a few business men to 6tart.
The Lews papers will be started again
in a few days or weeks. Jostpb Medill
of the Tribune, who is one of the heaviest
sufFt-rera, Mioceeded yesterday io leasing
a briok building on Washington htreet at
the tuuneb He also purcbasbed two
single cylinder pressts ued in a job ol
on the west aide, and has telegraphed east
for piper and type, there being nothing
left here.
Mr. S.ory of the Tiinej will errect a
rough one story building, and begin the
i-true of that pper as soon us material
can be prccured. The Journal is pro
vided fr on the west side. The Post,
Republican and Statts Zjitnng will ar
range for business as soon as practicable,
but every thine must come from else
where. There is nothing left, water for
drinking and household use is served
from the lake and parks, and for horses
from the river. There are a thousand
people camped about the arteisiau wells
four miles out, and perhaps as many more
at the lake, and on Fullerton and Vic
toria Avenues near the prairie. The peo
ple are being fed in the remaining
churches, school houses, sheds and by the
road sides.
It was cold and chilly this morning,
causing great suffering. It is now clear
ing up again, but instead of this being
welcome the people are praying earnestly
for moro rain, so fearful are they of the
continuance of the flames. This is the
situation.
Farther information will be sent as
rapidly as received. Meanwhile we give
a report of the fire and its incidtnts,
specially prepared far the associated press
by those who witnessed and fought flames
throughout.
ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
Late on Sunday evening a boy went in
to a stable on Diakower street, near the
river, on the west side, to milk a cow,
carrying a kerosene lamp with him. This
was kicked over by the cow, and the burn
ing fluid was scattered among the straw.
Tbi-i was the beginning of the great fire.
A single extinguisher on the gronnd or
activity of the police in tearing down two
or three chanties, wonld have prevented
the spreading of the flames, but the engi
neer was waited for, and when he ar
rived, the firemen, Btuptfied by their exer
tions at the first fire on Saturday night,
worked slowly and clumsily, and their ef
forts were unavailing. The wind blew a
gale from the southwest, and rapidly the
flames shot from house to house, and un
til the district burned the night before
was reached.
Meanwhile the flimes had crossed the
jiyr north of Twelfth street, on the
south side, and made fer the brick and
stone business blocks, railroad depots and
manufacturing establishments. Tho full
extent of denvige was realized for the
first lime. The fire department already
tired out worked like heroes, and the
mayor and city government, that had
rested, now began to exert themselves,
but the opportunity had been lost. The
time when a thorough organization could
have-blown np the building and prepared
for the emergency was neglected and it
was now a fight for life. The wind blow
ings stiff gale had possession of the
flames and the beautiful buildings, Chi
cago's glory lay before them.
Harrison, Van Baren, Adams, Monroe
and Madison streets were very soon
reached, the intervening blocks from the
river to Dearborn street on the East being
consumed. Three quarters ot ajnillion
dollars of brick blocks were consumed as
if by magic. It. being Sunday, the pro
prietors and emyloyees were at home, nt
terly unconscious cf what was transpir
ing. None who eaw the flames but sup
posed it was the remains of Saturday
night's fire, and having confidence with
the Fire Department, were unconcerned.
But between 11 and 12 o'clock a rumor
got abroad that the fire wag in the busi
ness portion of the city. Now the people
commenced moving horses were bronght
into requisition to take the proprietors
and others to the conflagration. The
Board cf Trade, Court House, Western
Union telegraph and Associated Press
offices and hundreds of other buildings
were all in flames. The air was filled
with live coals which were hurled north
and east. The fire engines were power
less. All the men could do was to blow
up buildings, but this availed but little.
The Tribune, Post, Republican, and Je
nal newspaper offices, the Western Union
Co.'a block, Field Lietles' establish
ment, the Drake block, recently built, and
Farwell Co.'s establishment were soon
in ashes. It seemed that no sooner bad
the flames struck a wall than it went di
rectly through, and sufficed to destroy the
most elaborate built structure. The walls
melted and the bricks were consumed.
The wooden pavements took fire, making
a continuous sheet of flames two miles
long by a mile wide; no human being
could possibly survive many minutes.
Block after block fell, and red hot coals
shot higher and higher and spread far
ther and farther until the north side of
Lake street was a vast sheet of flames.
Those who could made for the remain
ing bridges, others went to the lake ehore,
and so south only one". block in all that
vast business section remained at day.
light, viz The Tribune block. The Cus
tom House and the Matteson block, in
Dearborn street, had burned, and those
who had fought the flames here thought
at last this block could be saved. The
patrol men, under Samuel Medill, swept
off the live coals and put out the flames
in the sidewalk, and anothe under Joseph
Medill watched the rooms. At half past
seven this appeared safe, and most of the
men went to get rest or food. A nnmber
went to sleep in the Tribune building,
but there was a change of wind and the
flames reached Wabach and State streets
and Michigan avenue, and soon tho Mc
Vicker Theatre caught fire. Ia a few
minutes the Tribune was in flames, and
at the last moment sleeping men were
aronsed and rescued. By ten o'clock in
the forenoon this remaining blcck was in
ashes. From 50,000 to 75,000 men, wo
men and children were now fleeing by
every avenue, street and alley to the
south and westward attempting to save
their lives. Every vehicle was brought
into requisition, for the use of which enor
mous prices were paid. Thousands of
persons and horses inextricably commin
gled poor people of all colors and shades,
mad with excitement, strnggled with e ath
other to get away. It is estimated that
five hundred people were burned to!
death.
Hundreds were trampled under foot.
Men and women 1 aded with bundles
and household goods to whose skirts were
clinging tender infints half dressed and
barefooted, were seeking a place of safety
Hours afterward those might have been
seen in vacant lots or on the stret( far
in the snbnrbs stretched in the dust. It
is faarful to think of the loss of life. It
is conjectured, with good cause, that
nearly 500 have been burned to death.
There was a crowd of men around the
Caroa building trying to save property
when the walls fell in and buried several
beneath it. Twelve or fifteen men and
women rushed into the building of the
Historical Society, a fire-proof building,
torsaiety. la a few minutes tbe nimes
burst upon them and th?y wers burned to
death. Among those who took refuge in
this building was Col. Samuel Stone, 80
years of age, also John B. Gerad and wife
and Madame Depelgram, a noted teacher
of music. It is feared that Dr. Fererar
and family also perished as they have not
been seen since.
ANOTHER FIRE THE END IS NOT YET.
Chicago, Oct. 103 10 p. m.
Word is jast brought that a fierce fire
is raging on Slst street, two miles south
of the southern fire limit, on the south
sideanla little less than that from the
imit on the west side. This has been set
on fire, evidently for the purpose of des
troying the remainder of the city. It is
largely cc upied by wealthy re-idents. It
is also known that two men, caught in
the act of firing the lii'ildin!1, have been
shot, and two oihrs let off wi'h ropes
around their necks.
As the wind is blowing a pf r'ect gale,
the end cannot be foretold.
LATER.
INCENDIARIES SHOT AT EIGnT.
New Yokk, Oat. 10. 0 p. m.
A d if patch from Geo. Palmer, vice
president of the Western Union Tele
graph Company, elioits the following re
liable response from Gen. Stager, Super
intendent at Chicago. A fire started in
a small building on 31st street, but was
speedily put out.
Incendiaries are busy, seven or eight
have been hung or shot at sight.
Horrible Details of the Great Fire,
Chicago, Oct. 10.
Mrs. Edsall, whose husband was mur
dered last week, and who was suffering
from illness, was carried away for pro
tection to a building which afterwards
was conmmed, and it ia feared that she
also perished.
All tbe books and papers of the His
torical Society, including tbe original
copy of th? famous emancipation procla
mation of Prendent Lincoln, for which
the Society paid f 25,000, were destroyed.
It is feared that a large number of
children, tbe inmates of the Catholio Or
phan Society on State street were also
burned as many of them are missing.
On Chicago avenue a father rmhed up
stairs to carry three children away, when
he was over taken by the flames and per
ished with them. The mother was after
ward seen oa the streets, a raving ma
nine. In the same neighborhood a family of
five persons perished.
The list of such fatalities are very long,
and can only be fully verified after the
smoke is cleared.
Th ere are hundreds of families on the
north-west side who saved no clothing,
but barely their lives. Among these are
the family of Perry Smith, formerly
President of the.-Notthweetm Rarbroad
Company.
LATER.
A careful survey of insurances to-day,
shows that there were written on proper
ty destroyed, over f 200,000,000 add
another f 100,000,000 and a fair estimate
of the loss can be reached.
All the leading merchants who have
been seen, express a determination to re
sume business at once. This includes
the heavy houses such as John P. Farwell,
Field, Lieter Co., and Sprague, War
ner Co. Farwell A Co., and Field,
LieUr Co., save from $300,000 to $500,
000 worth of goods. Both firms have al
ready established headquarters on the
west side.
The evening Journal and Tribune hope
to publish a small sheet to-morrow.
At a meeting of the business men to-
day, a epirit was manifested at once to re
build the city and restore business.
A special meeting of the legislature
will bo held to provide means for aiding
business men and furnishing employment
for the poor.
Fears are entertained that the desper
ate distress of so many will create squads
of pillagers, and life will not he safe. To
prevent this, Gen. Sheridan ia telegraph
ing for more troops, and a special police
force has been organized by the citizen".
The only effectual remedy is to find em
ployment for the thousands who would
work if they could.
The temporary office of the Western
Union Telegraph Company is thronged
by thousands who are anxious to advise
their friends of the arrangements made
by the post office authorities for sending,
receiving and distributing all mail mat
ter. LATER.
The Herald reporter furnishes the fol
lowing
Women and children are going around
the burnt district, vainly seeking for some
thing to satisfy their hunger. They ask
relief, but none is given. No one has pro
visions or money. What provisions there
were in the city are now burned or eaten.
Some few people have enough to last them
a day, but not longer.
Provisions have arrived from Detroit,
Cincinnati, Milwaukee and St. Louis, and
are being distributed as fast as possible.
Twenty-three dead bodios were taken
to the Station house on the North side.
At the present time it is impossible to
know who they are.
As night comes the want of gas ia
keenly felt; there ere but few candles
and no water except what is taken from
the lake. Grave fears cf outrages by
thieves oa the west side is felt cn every
hand. Gen. Sheridan, who has been hard
at work all through the fire, is still call
ing for troops from different points to
keep order.
St. Louie, Oct. 10.
Private despatches from Chicago say
that the fire is still raging in the northern
part of the city. Crowds in the streets
are making turbulent demonstrations, tak
ing possession of what they choose, and
entering bouses and alarming the inmates.
There are but few soldiers in the city, but
comr)anies are being hurried from differ
ent points.
(Continued on Fifth Page.'
I'tcape of Rarlon, tbe AVaterbnrj'
Rank ICobber.
WINDSOR, VT., Oct 10.
Chaa. Barton, the Waterbury Bank rob
ber, eecaped from the custody of Sheriff
Brown on board the down mail at North
Hartland, Vt., to-day. He was apparent
ly so sick that on leaving jail he was car
ried to the cars and was allowed to lie on
a ccuch in the saloon. As the train wes
starting from North Hartlaad he jumped
out of the window, and lying flit with
the track was not missed until the train
reached Hartland. Sheriff Brown came
to Windsor end organized a pursuing
party. Detective Squires has also gone
to North Haitland, and great efforts will
be made to recapture him. This is his
second escape. C. C. B.
y"ILSON
NEW UNDERFEED
Shuttle Sewing Machines.
m
o
u
ft
H
O
SIMPLE, DURABLE AND RE
LIABLE. Mora important an J earential elements em
bodied in this celebrated 3chine than any oth
er in the world. Does every variety of work.
Its mechanlam ia unexcelled. Certificate of war
ranty for five year furnished by the manufac
turers with each Machine, secured by a half mil
lion dollars.
Inducements tffcred worthy the cirefal eon'
sideration of capitalist.
Send for circulars and sample sewing.
AGENTS WANTED in unoccupied terri tory
E. J. BELLAMY CO., Gen'l Ag'ts,
522 Washington street, BOSTON.
eeptl9dcod&w3moi
yniTE's
SPECIALTY
DYSPEPSIA.
This is sot a new preparation, to b tried and
found wanting. It has ben prescribe 1 daily for
many years in the practice of an eminet physi
cian, with unparalleled success. It is NOT ex
pected or Intended to curs all the diseases to
Which the human family is subject, but is War
ranted to Cure Eyspepeia la its most obstinate
foizn, relief being always obtained from the first
use, and a permanent cure effected when prop erly
continued.
Some of the symptoms of Dyspepsia are Loss
of Appetite, Wind and Risirg of Food, Dryness
in the Mouth, Heartburn, Distention of the
Stomach and Bowels, CoatiTeneea, Headache,
Dizziness, Sleeplessness and Low Spirits unlet a
Checked it surely affects the mind as veil as the
body and unfits one for th duties of life In a
short time.
Prepared only by
U. O. WHITE.
For Sale ia Eutland iy E. C. Lewis and dim
ming a t "Wing.
PUICB, tl.09 PER BOTTLE.
septl4ilwfcw3mos
SEVEN SINGING BOOKS THAT
DO NOT GO OCT OF FASHION.
THE TEMPLE CHOIB, ry Seward, Mason and
Bradbury.
THE KfcV OTB. by Bradbury.
THE JUBILEB. by Woodbury.
IBB OUAPABON, by Boot.
THE BOKAL 1 BIBOTK, by Emerson.
TflKHAaPOFJ UDAH,
Til A. JUBILATE,
If we arid to thess the well-known AMERI
CAN IV US BOOK, have a list vf book wbu
collective sales preatiy eced thuee of all o'hec
church Music Buuka 'combined. Ohey sell by
TSNoOP 'IUOtiKANLBl Price ol aca book
1 1.60 per dozen 13. 40.
OLITEB DITSON 00 Boston,
C. H. DITSWN CO., New York.
mar24d.satmopwtf