y. |-|iv-:h1UY DECEMBER 2i>, 1871.
I'KOM WASHINGTON.
v j, <vf t!({? l'vcilinx Dcb?<c on Mr.
i riitiibnli't
i<% Monday. Ihvember IS, 1 ST I
i MONY moved to proceed to the
,h eonnnilteeon investigation and
?n?. which was agreed to, and the
i j dispensed with. Mv. Anthony
following a* tho meml>crs of
i M?^*rs. ltuckingham. ehair
t i w o, 1 iarlan, Stewart, Pool, and
i Villi a^ked Mr. Anthony whether
,i; who had foeeu active in
i v< iiral ion of tho civil service
I i this committee?
i i r< plied that Mr. Sumner
did. lie thought the gen
i v- >re judicious, sensible, and
i. commanding the eontidenec
i
?INKK: Certainly. I have noth
t in k indues* and good-will
senator on the committee, but
i i!i'' h-t I was astonished at the
:.n lwims I find in the list
i a -ingle senator who urged
-n. or who voted for it in the
i Milt'? ii lie the Democratic
u* The senators on this
i .i "investigation in its.
ml l under-t and that every
finvt -ligation in its st-rong
t!i. lVmoeratie senator i<
numittee. I' i- tor the
i.-: nine, after the debate that
a in'tiur a committee or Iran
ian satisfy the country.
u .iM i.i' worth while to
w r i; i- in conformity with
Mr. Sumner quoted from
.1 show that it \vu< not.
i; This inquiry was tir-t pre
t -vaator from lllin*?i-? (Mr.
Hi tilled b\ him in an el.ibo
which has already
tir. .'tisrhont the country. I
from that committee, and 1
r th? senator from Missouri
1 ,-r live wars jxist theie has
on retrenchment, joint in
;li representative of the
k a .v. n win t her any ol the nieiu
hi i.i tv appear on the list ot
i p llliode l-land.
i No. not one.
M friend before me says
v t chairman of that eom
.,r, who had gained much
i i.. u,' <'iit ahu-es, nor one
ii:;.; place on the commit
j^ir. it j- >litifiy inexplicable. My
j." .."Mwnv'.i lied ii 5 call I he attention
Mr. Anthony) to the character
until propo-es. Laughter. J
noN\ -dd the committee pro
;h ?.-(Viator tVoa? Illinois (Mr. Trnin
i i j it committee, and il it had
d that senator would have liad
ii-, ..i --in chairman of it. The
n r w bieh tliis committee is ai>
v-n ?>ii<'f.'d ?*y him (Mr. Anthony).
!r. .'\idlion>' denied that any senator
j to invotiiration. Kverj*
r v. iu> iia'i >i? ?ken hnl dcclan'd ill favor
I I i I
ilt'KMAX M:tld Mr. Anthony was
(jii.-ii m. So one sought
i jM'isonal character ol the jrcn
i 1 1 <r t lit* committee.
1 I.lNtilll'VSKX asked Mr. Tliur
.-.ecordiii.tr to parliamentary law
j i on tiii^ ???.mmitt?-e itn-n \\in? tlid not
r 1'ition which eiv-atrd it.
UMAX -aid this was a quibble.
liis: projK^cd this investi
1 1 ss- a representation upon
:;i> !i iijic of those who
i. r? >l:.tioii of the Senator from
ii eonwiittoe.
.i i vLXGH.VM -aid the Senator from
iiad declined to ii on the coiuniittee.
i I M. -a iii that after the Senate
hiwii the prop! )>ii ion ollcred b\
b.t.! rieeiiied to raise a committee
.i i r t it, tuul frivo it uo i*>wer
i su,.ji ;.k tin* St-uale in tlie l\lture initrht
i.i r;?-" ii. at'e r this was done, he had
?v ^r .atiou with Mr. Cuekini;
,;,i ihat la* u.-nid nttl go ujkui sueli a
I'll! i. >.fAX r. -.-urned, and maintained
cripi?l?* t lie investigation par
1 1 i r usa^'e had been disregarded. J>ut
t j p had been put on it. 1 he
i IMaware (Mr. Bayard j was ac
i n< ;-y wnj t<; The minority, but
-j i t time wa< much oeeupied now
;'*r i ti Knklnx and Finance t'om
i li inority \Vere.entilh-d to two
a: 1 "f i committee, because
toiin* within a small fraction of repre
i ?it the people of the I'nired
V'i. i'AYAlil) -nit' to construe
t i lu> t >!i]tiiitt?-?* into a reilec
i i? r character of the members
the ryes of tin"4 people to the
fact i i i he ea?e. The general and the
.i)'!- u impiv-sion would be that this
c u;i- organized to conceal and not
I mi" ?ver. He himself could not be in two
L<. ;,:ui when ir was impossible
j t iiim i a: ter.tl on the -it I tnii- of this eom
jit- i ;sdt 1 that the people should
L.j.iW i:. and should know why. He con
i j comment of i In? ci\ ij service and its
I i ;:m: 1 i-i ii.vr to thed?aji}j'juencies
i :iik-t\amhi< r Callendcr, the fcnowl
i.' fw tr fii^nvt irvj*.- had shaken the pub*
????nii i< in t lie w hole national banksys
r- t.i. W iut Wit-- i!je ieo>j"d of this Adminis
i! i:i"H What was the fate oft he special Com
!!ii--iojjfr of Internal llevtnue, David A.
W'tiisr i* j" advocating reforms in the spr*
:i I for pointing out abuses Mr. Wells
hi*. olii A Secretary of the interior
w i..? h.im>red hinic lf by instituting needed
i:i?-.!suiv."s of reform in his department, and
?.ill-- j >?:i a -1 -pto corruption and abuse, had
-uuimari!y gotten rid of by this Adinin
V iraii 'ii. which had retained in its embrace a
p "iiia.-li r-(ii iu ral w hom the House of iie
l Mai i> condemned for his connection
wi:iiUH great horpenning fraud. Is it not
i j i ular the very moment any one
to call atirntion to anyabu?e in the
?-i-. ii ^el-vice in is immediately chained with
i:i:i J. in_ a pel >onal attack on the President 'f
I- i! to understood that the President is
i it<- a|'.?I;erizcr and defender t >1 lraud and cor
rupt >ii in io\ ernment service 't He asked
w hut was thought of the conduct of 31 r.
AUmian. the Attorney-General, in going
into Hit State of Noi th* Carolina (tending a
a 1 v.e v ::i:ti atiemptfhg by intimidation and
thrcai- i'l-tierai inlt rtercnee to overawe
the people of that State from altering1 their
Mate "on- tituti 111. He wanted to know if it
u?- iv:i!l\ true that the Executive intluence
<iv.:s!i:idiiw cd this Senate chamber; that
M iiat >r- were inlluenced in their action by
t,"pe- of Executive favor or fears of Kxeeu
iivt de-approval? Proceeding further, 31 r.
liav.ii (i instanced lie deposition of Mr. Sum
ner tVun: the chairmanship of the Committee
on Foreign Allifirs and the ejection from
"ili.-e of liie friends of 31r. Schurz as an evi
ileiic that nl! s? uatois who dared to have an
ind' pendent opinion of their own were to
l.e punished b\ the Kxeeutive disfavor.
Mr. S? OTT said he Jixul consulted with a
number <>f the I >einocratic senators as to
plueing ?-J an additional member of that
jui-tv on the committee, and they had con
eiirred in naming the senator from Califor
nia Mr. 'as-erjy) if the Senate saw lit to add
another member to I he committee. He there
fore moved that the name of 31 r. Casserly be
added.
Xo oojection being made, it was ordered
j!iat the name of Mr. Caxserly be added.
Here Mr. i.ogan sj>oke as reported yester
day.J
Mr, TJH Miit'I.L offered a.?> an amend
ment lo 1 he r^olution of 31r. Anthony,
jiannuK t lie conimiteee, his oiiginal projjosi
lii.ii as iuMtructions to the committee.
Mr. MOItT( >S dissented altoget lier from
the statements which had been made on thin
floor as to the etlect produced ui>ou the coun
try by this debate. He n pttdiated as unwor
thy of denial the charge that any senators
here were opposed to investigation. Some
people are here who can talk of nothing else
than civil service reform? they have it for
breakfast, Junch, dinner, and tea. Congress
had authorized the President to appoint a
fiviJ service commission, lie had appointed
able and discreet men, who would noon be
ready to report. Senators talk a great deal
alwut what tiro country will say. Ho (Mr.
Morton) would toll them what the country
would say. It would say that this wan an
attempt for jwlitioal nur|x>scs to take this out
of the hands of the President to prevent him
from having any credit in the matter.
At 5 P. M. Mr. THCRMAN moved to ad
journ, which was not airreod to, Mr. Anthony
appealing to the majority to sit the matter
out.
Mr. ANTHONY then moved to amend Mr.
Trumbull's proposition.
Mr. THUltMAN made a second motion to
athourn, which was again voted down.
3lr. TRUMBULL took the floor in favor
of his proposition and in opposition to its
ojH*r.ition l>oing reduced, as projwsed by Mr.
Anthony, lie proceeded to comment on
abuses in the civil service. The newspaper
say a caucus was held to determine whether
the resolution should jmss, and If so, in what
shape. This was no political question, and
it was not proper to bring it before any em
eu*. and he (Mr. Trumbull) would say here
that while he Ixad a seat on this floor he would
not be bound by caucus dictation in any such
matters.
Mr. MORTON referred to the labors of the
civil service commission api>ointed by the
President, who were soon to report the re
sult of their labors, and relocated that the
country would look uj>on this movement :ls
an attempt to take the whole subject out of
the hands of the President.
Mr. CLAYTON said, in reply to the state
ment made some days since by Mr. Blair
that the marshal and district attorney of
Arkansas had Iteen removed for procuring
the indictment of a violator of the law, that
such was not the case.
Mr. BLAIR said that the person who had
been indicted, and for a violation of the en
forcement ad. was none other tlmn the sena
tor who had just spoken (Mr. Clayton). lJo
lmd never been brought to trial, but the in
dictment had been quashed on a technicality,
if the trial had ever taken place, perhaps lie
(Mr. Blair) might have changed his opinion
but iis it did not, he was strengthened in it.
The debate was continued at groat length,
Mr. Sumner contending that to argue that a
caucus bound any one was absurd and un
constitutional.
Mr. ANTHONY'S amendment was adopt
ed? yeas, nays, IS the Republicans in
the nomit i vi? being Senators Fenton, Logan,
Patterson, Sehurz, Sumner, Trumbull, and
Tipton. The committee as moved by Mr.
Anthony was then adopted, an amendment
of Senator Yickers naming Messrs. Tipton
and Trumbull as members of the committee
being rejected.
The Senate then, at 1 P. M., adjourned.
lcisisrmtcc IH'cisiou.
The United States Supreme Court decided
to-day the ease of Seinmes vs. City Fire Insu
rance Company of Hertford, from the Circuit
Court of Connecticut. an action on :i policy
on property in Mississippi, The deft-nee was
that the action was barred l>v a provision <?f
the policy localise not commenced within
twelvemonths from the date of the loss.
This court finds that tin* action could not he
commenced within one year from date of loss
hy reason of war. hut six years is the statu
tory limitation iu Connecticut, and on this
ground a new trial is granted. The effect of
this decision is to discriminate between lim
itations by statute and limitations fixed by
contract in the application of the rule of sus
pension pending disabilities imposed by the
war, making the former subject to the rule,
and leaving the latter as thou rh it had not ex
isted, and the rights involved to lie deter
mined by local statute.
The United states Treasurer received a
letter from a gentleman in Philadelphia yes
terday enclosing a ten-dollar note, one of the
Government's promises to pay issued at the
date of the war of 1812. The note bears the
date of March 2-3, 181"), and is in a good state
of preservation. Washington Patriot.
The Sitheme Coi kt Docket Cj.or;<;Et>.?
The fourteenth amendment to the I'nited
Slates Constitution and the judiciary act of
1SG7 very widely enlarged the scope of the
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the
United States. It is now ascertained that
they are increasing its practical business to
an unprecedented extent. So heavy are the
appeals from decisions of the State supreme
courts that it is beginning to be doubtful
whether the United States supreme justices
can attend in ]>erson to any circuit bu.-lness
at all. It is stated that the new pressure of
j ?-a-es will necessitate the presence of theen
I tire court in Washington all the year round,
and that even this will not keep the docket
clear. It would seem as if the judges them
selves understood the vastly-augmented
sphere of their powers and work, as six of
them have gone to reside at the capital, in
cluding Justices IMiUer, Field, Strong, and
Bradley four of the youngest on the bench.
Such is one of the h-sser evils of centraliza
tion monopoly in government, in jurispru
dence, and every other thing that congress
ional legislation can be brought to bear
upon. Jkiltinwre Sun,
Fatal Accident? .John M. Stanley Kill
Ei).? On Saturday last, about nine or ten
miles west of LewLsburg, Greenbrier county,
W. Va., one of the line of stages run by
Trotter Brother between the" White Sul
phur Springs and Charleston, Kanawha
county, which was driven at the time by
John M. Stanley, was upset, and Stanley was
thrown upon his head and killed. He never
spoke after the accident, and lived but a
short time thereafter. There were eleven
passengers on the stage at the time, but none
were hurt, as the body of the coach became
detached from the running-gear when it was
upset. St a u n ton Spec t a tor.
Fire in Chicago? Systematic Incendiarism,
Chicago, December IS. The Chicago Silver
Smelting and Kelining Company's works
j were destroyed by tire this evening. Loss
i from $40,000 to $T)0,000. No insurance.
Three men were seen to-day to throw some
substance into a pile of debris on Eighteenth
street. They then fled. The substance was
afterwards examined, and found to be com
posed of an explosive material, phosphorus
being one of the principal ingredients. On ex
posure to any moisture it would at once take
lire and burn fiercely, there being nothing
which would extinguish it. The men are
doubtless inevndiaries, and efforts are making
tor their arrest.
A Japanese Jink Drifts Two Thousand
Five Hundred Mii.es in Nine Months.
San Francisco, December 17.? The schooner
Hutchinson, from Alaska, has arrived here,
and brings from Adalio Island three shijv
w recked -Japanese seamen, whose junk drifted
as lion; there, having been disabled otl the
coast of Japan, and drifted by the Japanese
Cult* stream 2,500 miles in nine months,
finally reaching there. Twenty-three others
of the crew had starved to death on board.
The three rescued men will be sent back to
Ja]xin by Consul Brooks,
The Cady Stanton Case.? The attach
ment suit against Mrs. E. Cady Stanton was
heard Saturday before Squire Gillcspy. As
we expected, the lady went back on the wo
man's rights part ofiier belief, and plead her
rights as a married woman, and that her
husband, if any one, was the party liable.
The attachment was dismissed by the .Jus
tice. Suit has been commenced, we under
stand, in a higher court, and against Mr. Stan
ton as well as his wife. Wheeling Register.
SnciDE ok a Bam'imorean. Mihraukie,
December 18.? Henry Keppler, formerly
book-keeper for Gail Ax, Baltimore, com
mitted suicide last night by taking laudanum.
Cause, intemperance.
A Frenchman living in Barcelona, Spain,
proposes to sell the discovery of a white guu
i>owder to this Government for the modest
sum of !fr500,0<H). lie thinks that an emer
gency requiring the use of the new explo
sive will soon beat hand.
Four quarrymen of Milburn, N. J., re
turning from labor Saturday night on a rail
road track, were struck by a locomotive,
and three killed, the other seriously injured.
Trains on the Pacific railroad are moving
very slowly, beingfrom forty-eight to ninety
six hours behind time.
The report that a party of seventeen emi
grants wero frozen to death during the late
storm in Nebraska proves untrue,
VIRGINIA NEWS.
Letter from I*oter<Hl>wr^.
CrtirwjwMdcncc or tiic Richmond UUpntdi.
Petersburg, Va., December 19, 1871,
T he fUncrul exercises of tho Into Thomas
8. I leasants were solemnized at 3 o'clock
I Ins afternoon at the Second Presbyterian
church, on Washington street, There was a
large concourse in attendance, made up in
great part of our most worthy' and substan
tial citizens, all anxious to pay the last sad
marks of respect to one who, living, was so
much honored and beloved. The funeral
sermon was preached by Rev. Mr. Ross, and
was an appropriate and affecting discourse.
It was based on the text, Work while it is
day, for the night cometh, in which no man
can work." The remains were interred in
Blandford cemetery beside the grave of his
wife, who died many years ago.
Tin* minister abstained from passing any
eulocy upon the deceased, in accordance with
the request of the family which request was
grounded on the modest and simple character
of the dead, who always refrained from pul)
licity and demonstration of any kind.
Rain was falling heavily this morning when
people got up, and continued to fall through
the most of the day. This evening the rain
has ceased, but the .-ky is clouded and the air
is cold.
Another officer of our manorial police
corps is in trouble;, this time, one linker,
who is whiteaud a "lieutenant. Hisotfence
is having been beastly drunk while in the
performance of duty.
31 r. II. 1?. Barham lias rethvd from the
position of news editor of the I'uxjre* and
will be succeeded, I learn, by Mr. William
Clements.
To-morrow Mv. William S. MrCanee is to
be tried on the eh u of waking an assault.
Mr. MeCauee was orally very I "rutdly^ as
sailed, and only defended him-vlf. lie i.s a
very quiet and mode.-.t genllenin.
Bishop Miles, of the (.'oloivd *??:i fere nee,
left this morning for Louisville. K y.
The least and fair of I lie ladie- of the First
Baptist church continues, ai 1 is well at
tended and patronized.
Judge J-Joisseau, of f?inv, :ddi<- county, has
rendered a decision ov* rniling 'lie molion
and dismissing tin- case of rl i applicants
to have various ordeis <>f i!i >i;".:ty Court
establishing the no-time >y.sli in in omc parts
of the county. 1! Adaii:.
StaI'Xton, Va., Dioeml-?..r I>:, ls"1.
ft I i tors of the Jlichmf'Ktl h The
sales ol' lvul estate in this community indi
cate a degree of prosperity Cjiial to that of
any j)ortion of the State. The fann near
Staunton called 31ontgom? i Hall,"' and
owned by William .1. Shumate, containing
one hundred and iilly amv- was sold at I -S
per acre; Mr. 0. Ilaile sold his place to 31 r.
Minefee (cont racier on the (i real Bend tun
nel), containing three hundred and forty
aeivs, for the sum of ?lS,0Utt c:ish the plaee
belonging to Mrs. Williriiu 1*. Tate we un
derstand has been sold for $10/)0J, equiva
lent to cash (Mrs. Tate's farm contains only
twenty-one acres).
Major J. Marshall 3IeCue met with an acci
dent a few dav.s since. I lis horse.-! to Ids car
riage, containing himself, wife, and two
neices (Miss Harris and 31iss SiniLli), took
fright, caused by the breaking of some por
tion of the harness, and ran oil, endangering
the lifes of all, but only the Major was se
riously hurt, having his arm broken near the.
wrist, and otherwise bruised. The ladies,
fortunately, escaped serious injury. K.
Dkatii of Hon. Bkknaki> McChackkx.
The Hon. liernard 31e(rackcn, ni' inter of
the House of Delegates of ISOi.'- 'TO, departed
this life in this place las: Sunday morning at
?t o'clock. Mr. MeCrackcn was born in Ire
land, and was iu his tliirtv-linii year. He
had been appointed several positions by
the I'nited State.- Government, i!;e duties of
which he performed with Satifewion to Hie
Government and credit him-elf, Soon
alter the fall of Richmond lie was appointed
United States internal revenue assessor for
the counties of Orange and Louisa. "While
holding this position hewa-al-o made in
spector of tobacco and whiskey, I'iO duties of
which oiliees hedischargcd faitm'ully unl il lih
(?lection to the General Assembly in 18'Ji) by
jhe Republicans of Louisa count Mr. 31c
Crackou was a IJepubliean in polities, and
was the leader f his party jn the county
where he resided. He was a ti i;c friend. and
Itad many good qualities both of head and
heart, lie leaves a wife and two interesting
children and a large curie of j dative- and
fricn<ls to mourn their lovs. frr rieislmrg
Ledger.
Bonds Don't I 'ay Taxes. Judge Earl on
lias decided the question, it being brought in
fore him in vacation, that a corporation coulil
not be forced to take it- own bonds in pay
ment of taxes levied for the benefit of said
corporation. The ease <Vas Or. William S.
Seott ts. J.. J. Huffman, tax collector for the
corporation of .Fredericksburg. Or. Seott
had tendered corporal i-?n bond- in payment
of his corporation taxes, which Mr. Huffman
refused to accept. 3ir, lluli'man proceeded
to collect by law, find levied ?ui property of
the defendant- to satisfy the tax claims. Dr.
Seott got an injunction, stopped the sale, and
the case was brought before .Judge Barton
last week, as stilted above, ami with the result
raent ioned. Fredericksburg Ledger.
Tiik Banner County.? We put in for old
3Iecklenburg the elahn of being the banner
county of the State, as far a- economy of
government is concerned. The meeting of
the supervisors on the first Monday in I )ccem
bcr brought out the fact that t he county was
out of debt and had $1, SOO in tl.r treasury.
The county levy for the ensuing year was
lixed at ten cents on the hundred dollars.
Roanoke Valley.
The Lynchburg Virgin icr< ridicules the
statement that Tom Scott is koo.i to get pos
session of the Virginia and Tennessee rail
road.
From Hit- Memphis Avalanche, lClli.
Tragic Sequel to Site As-i'e-.t ol' the
Union City iCobkers.
In yesterday's Avalanche. appeared a full
account of the capture of two desperadoes,
named Ililliard Farrington (not Levi, as
stated, who is his brother) and William Bar
ton, by Detective Pinker ton; of Chicago, and
several of his men, near Verona, Mo., last
Tuesday. From Verona the party proceeded
to Springfield, and from there by railroad to
St. Louis. Stopping in St. Louis a day for
much-needed rest, Mr. Pinker -ton, accompa
nied by Mr. Pat. Council, of this city, left
there at 8:40 Thursday evening for Union
City. Coining by the'way of Cairo, they ar
rived in that tow n about o'clock yesterday
morning, and in a few moments after were
with their prisoners on the transfer boat that
was to carry them to Columbus. The prison
ers were securely handcuffed and kept in tin:
cabin of the boat, where tin ir every move
ment could be noted.
About o, o'clock, or just before the break of
day, Farrington called to Pinkcrton and said
that he wanted to go out on the guards of the
boat. He said that if Pinkerlon would go
with him he would tell the
i
WHEREABOUTS OF TITO gTOl.EV MrtXEY.
At the time the ltf>at was steaming down the
river, being about midway between Cairo and
Columbus. Speaking to 3fr. Connell for a
moment, 3Ir. Pinkerton turned and walked
out with Farrington, the two walking di
rectly to the guards just forward of one ol
the wheel-houses. Farrington still had his
handcutl's on, and stood with his back to the
low railing that encircles tire, guards. 31r.
Pinkerton stood directly in front, the handle
of a large-sized "Trenton" revolver (self
cocking) projected from his rigid-hand pocket,
and within a few Inches of his prisoner. With
out saying a word Fariington with a sudden
spring snatched the revolver, and levelling It
at 3Ir. Pinkertou's head, said: Now, G d
d? n you, you haven't got the 1-ost of inc."
Almost with the samemovi un uf 3fr.Pirilc
crton grasped Farrington and hallooed for
Connell to come to his aid.
A DESl'EKATE STRUGGLE
ensued in the mean tune for the possession
of the pistol. It was terminated by the op
portune arrival of 3Ir. Connell, who struck
the pistol, still retained by Farrington, just as
it was fired. The bullet 'shaved ofl' a lock ol
Mr. Pinkertou's hair just above his ear. Be
fore he could pull the trigger the second
time the pistol was wrested from Farring?
ton.
Seeing that ho wai. foiled, Farrington,
with n dcnp curse, sprang over the railings
and
PLUNGED INTO THE OARK HITOI.
Striking just forward of the wheel-house,
ho was drawn under it. The supposition is
tluit ho was struck by one of tho bucket* of
tho wheel, as he never i'oho to the surface.
Giving the alarm, the boat was stopped for a
short, time, and some of the men, accompa
niod bv Mr. Pinkerton, went out in a skiff
to look for him. After pulling around the
spot for a few minutes without discovering
anything, the party returned to the steamer,
which proceeded ou ita way down the river.
From the fact that he was not only liand
eufled, but also had his feet managed, it in al
most certain that lie sank, even if not struck
hy the wheel.
While on their way from Cairo Barton had
made
A FCT.L CONFESSION,
implicating both Farringtons Ililliard and
Levi? in both robberies. A knowledge of
thin fact is the probable cause of Farrington's
desperate action, as he knew that, a long term
of years in the penitentiary awaited him.
llarton made no attempt to escni>e, and ex
presses a willingness to enter a plea of guilty
and receive his sentence without going
through the formality of a trial.
ANOTHER OF TUE GANG.
A telegram was received late Inst evening
from Robert Pinkerton, another son of Al
lan Pinkerton, stating that he had just effected
the capture of Levi Farrington alias Ed
ward 1J. Russell at Farmington, III. He was
captured after a resistance similar to that
offered by bis brother Hilliard three days
before, the only difference being that after
emptying his revolver lie had no more am
munition to fall back upon. Mr. Pinkerton
left Farmington yesterday evening with his
prisoner for Union City, and this morning he
is doubtless in the jail at that place.
"With the capture of Levi, who separated
from the others immediately after the rob
berv, the trio of robbers i? complete. Two
of them lire securely fastened in the jail at
Union Citv awaiting a trial, while the other
sleeps beneath the surface of the mighty Fa
ther of "Waters. In capturing these men
Messrs. Pinkerton and Council have but
added another inscription upon their roll of
lame, and illustrated once more that
THE WAV OF THE TRANSGRESSOR IS nART>."
To Messrs. M. J. O'Brien and J. II. Wor
It v of Ihe Express Company, the thanks of
the' country are due for the manner in which
1!?.v have bad the case worked up." >ot
losing originally but about $1,500 by the
robberv, thev have in the last two months
cvpeiuied over =?12,000 in the capture of the
robbers. The southern Express Company is
one of the verv few corporations that inva
riably pursues all depredators regardless of
cxnciisc, never ecasinir until the criminals
arc safely lodged in the penitentiary or sc
curelv swinging from the gallows-tree, as the
ease liiav be. In capturing the abovc-men
tionrd "prisoners over iittv men have been
employed in different positions, and four of
the m are still in the interior of Missouri with
Mr-. Farrinsrton, who as yet is 111 bhsstul
ignorance of the fate of her sons. She, too,
will be arrested and brought back as a wit
ness in the case. Tho two Farringtons are
credited with a half-dozen murders between
thei*1 and if Levi should perchance meet a
similar fate to that of his brother the com
munities at large would feel more secure in
the possession ol life and propel U
The West Virginia Commissioners.? The
Wc?t Virginia debt commissioners are now
in session in this city. The commission, as
our readers know, i> composed of Ceneral J.
J Jackson Hon. Jonathan M. Bennett, and
A. W. Campbell, Esq. The commissioners
have collected a law amount of information,
including manv public documents, bearing
upon the subject of the Virginia debt. I here
are several documents that arc not so lull and
complete a- they should have been made, in
consequence of the refusal of the Richmond
officials t<? furnish and certify certain papers
as requested, sufficient statistics and facts,
however, have been collected to make a
tolerably full report on the subject of tiie
public debt to the Legislature at its next ses
sion We shall look for the report with a
.rood deal of interest.? I lesi Virginia Stale
Journal.
\t a menagerie in Indianapolis a small
lioness escaped from her cage, and the chief
I of police wciit to the top ol the centre pole
in live minutes, lie is reported now as say
iii"* that lie went up there just for fun to de
cide a bet. Resides that, lie says hedulnt
know the lioness was out ol her c.ige^ and hi
didn't go lip the pole, anyway.
There an* twenty miles of freight cars
blocked at Port Jervis, X. Y.f for want of
motive power and proper management ol
the Lliio railroad.
I*ItOPOS A IiS.
Office city Enginekk,
Richmond, Va.. Dceeiniiur lwli. lsTl.
VOTK'K TO STONE-MASOXS.? Sealed
1,1 jm .lis will he received at t!ii-; office until
PR IDAS i lie 2Pth Instant, ut 12 o'clock 31.. for fur
ni -111 ji^ and laying such granite curbing and flipping
as m.iy he required until th<- 1st dav of .July, H/2.
Forms ut' proposals may he hail upon application
at this ollice.
The Committee on Streets reserves the right to re
ject anv or all proposal-.
CHARLES II. D1MMOCK,
tie li)-td City Engineer.
City Gas Wouks, srKEiuxTnxDEXT's Office,
Richmond. Va.. December 1?. Is7i.
(J E A LET) PROPOSALS WILL BE RE
0 (KIVED at this ofliee until T EES 1 A.V IheSCth
indant. at 12 M.. to lake the COAL 'J' Ah' made at
the.-ie Works for twelve montlis. commencing Janu
ary 1. 1?72.
l';id> v. ill he made per barrel, and the party taking
ilio tar will furnish hands, and till the same'.
Fur I'm ther partlcuLus, apply at this office.
JOHN II. KXOWLE9,
de IS-Gt Superintendent.
>f IfjfjIXERY.
INTENDING TO REMOVE TO
1
my new store, I offer from this day my en-J%c;^s
tiro stock of MILLINERY at and below cost
Map. DEMELMAN, 10-J Broad street.
do ll-2w
T^AIli AND FEAST.? Tho ladies con
JC nected with tlie Third Presbyterian church,
ClmreJi Hill, will hold a FAIR and FEAST, com
mencing THIS (Tuesday) EVENING. In the lec
ture-room of the church. and continuing throughout
the week. As the object is for the benefit of the Sal<
Imth S4<lionl, they hope to receive tin* patronage not
only of their own mendiors, hut of all who feel an
Interest lu them. de lo-st
A LARGE VARIETY OF F A N C Y
J\. GOODS AND NOVELTIES to suit the season.
L. WAGNER CO., Druggists,
de 2o-2t Sixth and Broad .streets.
A I :GlTST A COUNTY MILK.
A.
iv
The subscriber, as agent of VAT.LF.Y MILK
CLU1I. 1.. prepared to furnish dealers and large con
sumers with a pure article of FRESH V ALLEY
MILK, at a reasonable price, In anv quantity, on ar
rival of mall train, every evening (Sundavs' except
ed) at IMS.
Parties wishing to make arrangements for sup
plies can see me at the otMce of H. Brlggs Bro
thers, commission merchant0, lftnl Broad street,
next door to Chesapeake and Ohio railroad depot.
W. R. McCOMB,
de 15-;*t* Agent Valley Milk Club.
AJOTICE-CHANGE OF FIRM-NAME
i. i ONLY.? The buslucssof mannfacturlng 1'tiW
11 AT AN RAW BOX E SUPERPHOSPHATE and
other fertilizers, carried on in the city of Richmond,
State of Virginia, under the Arm-name of Down
ward, AinIerson Co., will from this date be con
tinued under the firm-name of JAMES G. DOWN
WARD CO.
JAMES G. DOWNWARD A CO.
DF-Cr.Mr.ER IS, 1871. de lft-St
VIRGINIA: CANE-FIBRE PAPER,
V FOR
SHEATHING FRAME HOUSES,
LINING I'NDER ARRETS.
LINING UNDER OILCLOTHS,
DEADENING FLOORS,
LINING TIN HOOFS,
SUBSTITUTE FOR BLASTER.
Send for circulars and samples.
ALBERT ORDWAY CO.,
.de C-?<-.dtDec31 No. 4 Governor street.
T LINNEM AN-'S STEAM DYEING
I J* AND SCOURING ESTABLISHMENT, 420
BROAD STREET, BETWEEN FOL'RTH AND
FIFTH STREETS.? Dyeing done In any color de
siied; also. Cleaning In the liest and neatest style.
arpct-scourlng and kid gloves cleaned. I invite the
larlies especially to see my latest Importations of
blue, adapted for silk and worsted. ee 21-3m
VTOTICE.? All persons having claims
against the Late firm of WICKER DA\ lb
are requested to present the Bame without delay to
J. aTdAVIS, at Tunstall's, New Kent county, for
settlement, as he is ready and anxious to paj them u
"KiSr"'"14 WICKER DAVIS.
A
PPOMATTOX PAPER MILL,
PETERSBURG, VA.,
MANUFACTURERS OF
NEWS, BOOK, AND WRAPPING PAPERS.
Orders solicited, to which we promise prompt and
faithful attention. MclLWAINE CO.,
no 35 r.^wvrs und Commission Merchant*
p TELEGRAPHIC NEWS.*
New York Stock and Money 31arkct.
New York, December 11).? Money strin
gent. Gold, 108J. Government/? steady and
Inactive: '81'e, HTg lOOf '64'*, 110;
'65's, lllj? new, 1135; '073, 110 j; We,
1154 5 1040's, 109}. States dull and heavy
Tennessee's, 64$ new, same. Virginia's,
01 uew, G4. Louisiana's, 61 new, 50. Le
vees, 64 8's, 75. Alabama's, 100 0's, 05.
Georgia's, 77 7's, <S0. North Carolina's, oS|
new, 13. South Carolina's, 48 now, 23J.
Colibiion of Railroad Trains on the
Wilmington and Weldon Road? Two
Men Injured.
Spcdai telegram to the Dispatch.
Wilson, N. C., December 19 The through
express and freight train* on the Wilmington
and Weldon railroad collided last nigbt one
mile north of this place. Mr. Taylor, engi
neer of the train going south, was kidly
bruised but not dangerously wounded. The
fireman on the train going north had his leg
cnt oir. No one else was hurt. The engines
and six or eight other cars were badly
damaged. There is a good force at work
clearing the road, which will probably be
done in about two days.
Latest News from Washington.
Congressional.
Washington, December 19.? Swiate.? Tlie
bill appropriating ?4,000,000 to Chicago was
passed with an amendment.
The Committee on Retrenchment was or
dered to investigate the general order of
business at New York. An amendment was
offered and adopted covering the whole po
litical machinery of the custom-house and
its connection with the late corruption in
New York. The vote stood? yeas, 57 nays,
none.
Senator Sumner gave notice that he would
at an early day introduce a joint resolution
restricting the presidency to one term.
Ifuute. Mr. Cox introduced a bill restrict
ing the sale of public lands in Louisiana,
Arkansas, Florida, Alabama, and Mississippi.
Mr. Myers introduced a bill fixing the tax
011 tobacco at sixteen cents per pound.
The Committee on Hanking and Currency
was directed to examine into the recent bank
failures iti New York.
The bill making an additional appropria
tion for the Kuklux Committee was passed,
making the total appropriations to date, ex
clusive of printing, $?05,000.
The labor and education bill was discussed
to the hour of adjournment.
Weather Probabilities.
Washington*, Deceml>er 19.? The disturb
ance on the Pacific coast will probably pass
northeastward into Montana, and falling ba
rometer and rising temperature prevail on
Wednesday at the .Rocky Mountain stations.
The high barometer north of Missouri will
move eastward with diminished pressure, and
cold northwest winds prevail west of the
Apalachian range. Cloudy weather with
westerly winds will prevail very generally on
Wednesday along the Atlantic coast, Brisk
winds from North Carolina to Maryland.
Navigation being closed upon the lakes, the
display of cautionary signals will be sus
pended during the winter.
Xo Punishment lor Forging an JI.
Name.
It lias recently been discovered that there
is no law to punish the forgery of the name
of a member of Congress. Mr. Piatt, of Vir
ginia, recently discovered that his signature
had been forged to certain documents, and
at once set to work to find out the offender
and have him punished, when he ascertained
the above fact.
Senator ltamsay will introduce an amend
ment to the post-ofliee bill, making such an
offence a misdemeanor punishable by a lineof
$500.
General Itoms.
General Torbert has been confirmed con
sul-general to Havana.
There wa? a full Cabinet to-day with the
exception of Commissioner Delano.
Ths following nominations have been
made William II. Goddard, judge of East
ern Texas James F. Denver, collector of
j fourth Georgia district; Benjamin F.l>ell,
collector of second Georgia distinct.
The report of tho civil-service commission
gives the President absolute power to re
move; olllccs to be filled by competitive ex
aminations, open to all, who must enter the
lowest grade. The President approves the
report, which will go into effect on the 1st of
January, 1872.
The Chief Justice has announced to the
bar that the opinions in the legal-tender cases
would l;e ready at an early day after the re
cess, and that the delivery of the opinion had
been postponed at the request of the minority.
The contested election case of MeKenz'ie
against Braxton has been taken up in the
House by the Committee on Contested Elec
tions.
Election for Bollock's Successor.
Augi:sta,Ga., December 19.? The election
for Governor, to lill the unexpired term of
llufns B. Bullock, was the quietest ever held
in Georgia. Only about 1,000 votes were
polled in Richmond county all for James
M. Smith. The Republicans took no part in
1 1 he election. The vote in the State is al>out
200,000. There being no opposition to the
Democratic candidate, it is believed that not
J more than 00,000 votes have been4polled in
(he entire State,
New York.
New York, December 19.? The small-pox
is spreading in Jersey City, Hoboken, New
ark, and Trenton.
At a meeting of tbe Federal Council of
the Internationalists last night the Crispin,
Typographical, and Jewellers' Unions ailili
ated with them, and became a part of the In
ternational Society.
William Buest perished in an effort to save
his eighth child from a Miming house, after
having saved his wife and seven children.
An order has been sent to England for the
arrest of John C. Heenan, who, it is
alleged, is connected with the voucher rob
ben'.
"William M. Tweed has sold the Metro
politan Hotel to a couple of railroad-ticket
agents.
"The small-pox reports from Brooklyn are
unfavorable. The disease Is spreading in all
directions.
The grand jury lias indicted ITank Smith
(Republican) and James 31. Sweeny for ring
frauds.
LATEST FOREIGN NEWS.
Etulaiid.
TDE PRINCE OK WALES RAPIDLY CONVALESCING.
London, Deeember 10.? The Prince of
"Wales is rapidly convalescing. Me will pro
bably be out iu three or four days.
France.
THE ORLEANS PRINCES AND THE ASSEMBLY.
Paths, December 19.? There lias been a
heated discussion in the Assembly over the
question of tbe seating of tin* Orleans Prince?.
Dcs Jardins moved the restoration of the
Princes to all their right*. The Deputies of
the Left violently opposed this, but finally
the motion, which avoids all advice or re
sponsibility, was passed with but two dis
senting votes.
Later. The Duke d'Aumale and the
Prince De Joniville took their seats in the
Assembly to-day. They sat in the centre of
the members of the Kight. Their appear
ance creates no sensation in the body.
A bill has been introduced providing for
the release of Communist prisoners who held
Telegraphic .Summitry.
fiev. Osman C. Baker, bishop of the Me
thodist. Kplsco|wl Church at. Concord, N. 11.,
was in a dying condition hist night.
A dispatch from Auburn states that the
reports of Seward's sickness are untrue.
A Democratic caucus of the Kentucky
Legislature has nominated McCreery to suc
ceed Davis in the United States Senate.
The Fourth National Bank of Philadelphia
has been placed in the kinds of a receiver.
It is thought that the deposits will be paid,
but the stock and surplus have vanished.
The small-jiox in Chicago Is on tbe increase,
mostly among emigrants,
COMMERCIAL, V
Corn and Flour Exehonge,)
Richmond. Va., December 1?? M7L J
OFFERING*.
Wheat White, 270 bushels. Ped. 274 bushel*.
Coun? White, i,o?4 bnshek. Yellow, 64 btmhel*.
Ml xed, 232 bushelK.
OAT8? m bunlieR
liTE 52 bushels.
Black-eye Peas?is bushels.
Meai 21- buslicls.
SALES.
WH*AT.? White, 270 bnsheb, at $1.C5 for prime.
l.<ro for very good. Red, 602 brshels, at l.?2 for
very good. 91.47 for choice, 51.95 for prime, $1.35 for
good, $t.5<) for fair, 1.45 for common.
Cokn White, 1.000 bushels, at <ss@Mc. for very
good, 64c. for good, 63c. for common. Mixed, 212
bushels, at 64c. for very good, 83c. for fair.
Oats? 538 bushels, at 8lc. for prime, 59c. for very
good, Mo. Tor good.
Rye? 22 bushels nt goc.
Meal? 212 bushels at 68@70e?
Black-eye Peas?is bushel* at *1.2*.
RE-EXHIBITED.
Oats? 24 bushel*.
Domestic Markets? [By Telegraph.]
New YonK, December 19 Cotton steady; sue*.
2,019 liales uplands, 19jc.t Orleans, 2tjc. Flour dull
and lower common to fair extra, $6.00^0.25. Whis
key more active at 92)@83c. Wheat lower and more
active; winter red we* tern, ?l.54tfiC$l.58. Corn lower
and more active at 77^ 73c. Rice firm at 8?ig;9c.
Pork firm at $13.5?@$13.<J2. Lard dull; kettle, ?!c.
Tnri>entlne verv tlrm at 68jfi'69c. Rosin steady.
Tallow dull at o^ofce. Freights lower.
Balttmohe, Decemlier 10 Fionr and wheat onlet
and tlrm. Com? White active at 62@83c.; yellow
quiet at t?@72c. Provisions unchanged. Whiskey,
Mgvtfc.
Irglnia's? Coupous, CO asked. West Virginia's,
24 asked.
Louisville. December 19? Tobacco actlvc; sales.
58 hogfeheads; lug?,$d.50<g$7.75; low to good milium
leaf, ?8<g$12.
_ EDIJIATIOXAL
PfiM ALE SCHOOL, ONE MILE FROM
FREDERICK'S HALL DEPOT, CIIESA- i
PEAK E AM) OHIO RAILROAD, LOUISA
COUNTY, VA? I have still room for FOUR MORE
HOARDERS for the balance of the session. Board i
and tuition from 1st January to 1st July, 1872, In
English, French, Latin, and Mathematics, $loo; Vo- I
c:il and Instrumental Music, with use of Piano, *'.'0.
Circulars furnished on application.
<le m-3taw4w Mits. X. W. HARP. IS.
JJICHMOND FEMALE INSTITUTE.
A NEW TERM BEGINS JANUARY 1ST, 1S72.
The Institute offers excellent boarding arrange-
meats. A corps of fourteen experience! teachers.
A full apparatus and u complete coarse of study.
The amplest arrangements are made for pupils o
all grades.
Catalogued sent on application.
CHARLES 11. WINSTON, M. A.,
de 0-eodlm President.
nsntAKE COMPANIES.
A L15EMARLE INSURANCE
1\. COMPANY,
CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA.
ESTABLISHED 1S54.
ASSETS S'200,000.
This company does a GENERAL BANKING IN
SURANCE BUSINESS; $100,000 of chancery de
posits carried safely through the war.
FIRE-LOSSES PROMPTLY ADJUSTED AND
PAID.
This old and well-known company continues to
Issue FIRE POLICIES on the most favorable terms.
N. II. MASSIE. President.
B. II. MAGRUDER, Vice-President.
JOHN WOOD. Jit., Secretary.
R. S. MORGAN, Assistant Secretary.
Agent for Richmond, Va., Joiln H. Montague.
de 20-eod
JOIITII BRITISH
AND
MERCANTILE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF
LONDON AND EDINBURGH, G. B.
Capital, $10,000,000 lti gold; invested in the United
States over $1,500,000 deposited with Treasurer ol'
Virginia, $50,000 In United States bonds.
Having been appointed agents to the above-named
compuuy, we an? prepared to Issue Its policies again.**
loss or damage by Are on buildings, merchandise, an I
personal property of all kinds, on the most liberal
terms.
Losses equitably adjusted and promptly paid.
D. N. WALKER CO.,
oc 7 No. 1014 Main street.
riTR^'ITl'RE, dc.
\\T E ARE NOW MANUFACTUR-fls
ft INC, aud receiving the most extensively;
and elegant stock of K
FURNITURE 1
that has over boon offered to tlie people of VIrgiiua.
We would particularly t all the attention r.f the mii>
!le to our CH AMU Kit and PARLOR FURNITURE.
Iwing of superior workmanship and newest patterns.
Von will find In our warerooms
WARDROBES, BUREAUS,
BEDSTEADS, WASH STANDS,
TABLES, SIDEBOARDS,
ETAG ERES, M ATTRESSES,
CHAIRS, DESKS, SA FES,
with a great variety of other FURNITURF. It will
afford Ud pleasure to show all who may call on us
through our warerooms.
HARWOOD RTTTF.R,
se 27 Governor street, Richmond, Va.
REAL ESTATE A?EXTN.
QITY REAL ESTATE,
SUB URB A X RESIDENCES,
FARMS,
MINERAL LANDS, AND WATER-POWER,
sold, leased or rented, and exchanged, by
RICHARDSON A CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers
or 3!-3m 1113 Main street.
WILLIAM COCLLI.VO, K. I). MEADE.
pOULLINTr ?fc MEADE,
\J REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
CORNER OF MAIN AND TWELFTH STREETS,
HOUSES, LOTS, and FARMS, SOLD, LEASED,
or RENTED. oc 24
PIANOS, ORGAKN. *o.
CIXTY-FIYE FIRST PRIZE*
MEDALS AWARDED;
THE
GREAT SOUTHERN PIANO MANUFACTORY
WILLIAM KNABE CO.,
MANUFACTURERS OF GRAND, SQUARE,
AMI)
UPRIGHT PIANO-FORTES,
BALTIMORE, MD.
These Instruments have i)een before the public foi
nearly thirty years, and upon their excellence alont
attained an rxrt'RCHASED pre-eminence which
pronounces the in unequalled in
TONE, TOUCH,
W OBKMAKSUIP,
AND
DURABILITY.
All our SQUARE PIANOS have our new im
proved OVERSTRUNG SCALEand the AGRAFFE
TREBLE.
We would rail special attention to our late patented
improvements in GRAND PIANOS and SQUARE
GRANDS, found in no other piano, which bring the
piano nearer perfection than lias yet been attained.
EVERY PIANO FULLY WARRANTED FOR
FIVE YEARS.
"We are, by special arrangement, enabled to fur.
nlsh PAltLOR ORGANS and MfiLODEONS of the
most celebrated makers, wholesale and retail, at the
LOWEST FACTOUY 1'UICES.
illustrated catalogues and price llfta promptly fur
nished on application to
WILLIAM KNABE CO.,
Baltimore, Md. or to
WOODIIOUSE PARHAM,
oc 17-eod.twCm Sole Agent*, Richmond, Va.
1MIE CELEBRATED
BRADBURY PIANO!
has no superior. Eleganco of finish, beauty and
purity of toiw, delicacy of touch? a combination ol
excellent that should attract the attention of every
one who knows how to appreciate a line instrument.
Call and examine them at 001 Broad street
no 13 G. N. W. DARBY, Agents.
CROCKERY, tt I, ASS WARE, Ac.
17 CURRANT'S v
JLj. IIOUSE-FUItNTSniNG STORE,
No. 1)03 MAIN STREET.
CHINA and GLASSWARE,
SILVER-PLATED WARE,
RODGERS'S TABLE CUTLERY,
FANCY GOODS,
OYSTER aud SOUP TUREENS,
STEEL and BRONZED FIRE-SETS,
NURSERY FENDERS,
PARLOR COAL VASES,
PLATE-WARMERS,
GERMAN STUDENTS' LAMPS,
JAPANESE PAPER WARE.
aud a variety of useful articled. Call aud see litem.
GO 30
_ LUMBER DEALER*.
/TiBSON I BROCK,
KJ CORN ER SIXTH STREET AND THE CANAL
(old stand of J. C. McCarthy A Co.) _ __
LUMBER, SHINGLES, PALINGS, BALED
HAY, OATS, CORN MEAL, MILL PEED, 4c., at
the lowest rates.
Bill timber cut to orier ,,resox,
late of Mayo Gibson.
R, A BR(X:K.
oq 9.5m formerly of Uod JBrock.
B'k O ad" S TB I3ET.? iSAAO
imiSCIl lia* just received jur#tapplfo<
Fringes, Gimps, Guipure Larva, Sa*h lllbbotrt.
tin. Corded and plain SUk for trimming, Black tixl
605
InAirlifch'.
astonishingly low prices. ISAAC HIKSCH,
no n-ttn QQ6 Broad street.
N~ EW GOODS I NEW GOODS!!
GREATEST BARGAINS YET
JULIUS SYCLES'S,
413 II It O AD STKKET. 415
lias Just revived large additions to his DRESS
lyOODS department, and ftlR receiving by almost
svery express all the fate rtyle*, containing every
>iyle and variety to he found In the northern market.
Ti> which I iuvltc special attention from all in want
>f DRY GOODS? viz..
Empress Cloths at 50, CO, and 65c., very cheap
Ratteens, in all colors, at ?ii, 75, and 90c. Irish Pop
Ins, new and beautiful, very low; Japanese Silks jnid
i'opllns, all shades and colors Plain and Plaid
serges at 25. 35. and 50c.? half price Black Silks at
>1.50,91.75, ft to 9*^ the best In the city; Black Al
pacas at 25, 30, 40, fio to 75 c. and 91 per yard Black
Merino, Bomhnzine, and Taralse Cloths, cheap;
SliawL?, new styles. In stripes, and beautiful, at 94.50
md $5; Black Shawls, single and double, at an
pri.-es Broche Sluiwls at $10. 912.50 to 940? wino
ind get one White Blankets at 94.50, 95, to 915. very
low Colored Blankets and Quilts, 92.50, 9Jj *ad 94 a
pair; a full assortment of White, Keo,Blue and
limy Flannels at ts. so, 40, so to 75c. and 91, very
;heap; Opera Flannels in all colon, plain and plala,
10 to 75c. Cloaking Clotlis. all colors and kinds. Ac.,
4c.; White and Colored Corduroy, new and pretty,
very cheap; Cloaks, the largest stock in the city at
the lowost prices Furs, for ladies, misses, and enil
iren, at extremely low figures. In fact, everything
to he found !n the Dry Goods line at the lowew
prices pos-lble.
All of the above are new, and great bargains.
Come and see them.
J UL1US SYCLE, 415 Broad street.
Store closed on Saturday.
Sidesmen John N. Gary, W. D. Powers, John J.
I inner. no w
C"-J
\RLOTTESVELLE WOOLLEN
31 ILLS.
The high standard of these celebrated wills to fully
maintained In the
FALL STYLES OF HEAVY WOOLLENS
tor
TTIF, TRADE OF 1871,
with derided improvement in finish of some pat
terns. For sale In Richmond by
THOMAS R. PRICE A CO.,
DUCKWALL A ROUSS,
LEVY BROTHERS,
oe2 CARDOZO, FOURQUREAN A CO.
CmoCTRmS, Ac.
"OESUMED. My friends and the public
LV are respectfully Informed that I am at present
three doors above my old stand, 1528 Main street?
where 1 can accommodate them with the best GRO
CERIES and PROVISIONS that can be had. Dally
additions will soon enable me again to offer the most
complete stock In the city. R. F. JAMES,
del* 132W Main street.
VTITCIIELL'S HYDRAULIC-PRESSED
1*1 CANDLES;
PORTO RICO MOLASSES, or choice quality;
NORTH CAROLINA CUT. GROSS, and ROE
HERRINGS; for sale by
de 12-3taw2w E. A S. WORTH AM A CO.
Bride water family flour.
Auother lot of this TIP-TOP FLOUR for sale
by E. A S. WORTH AM A CO.
de 12-3taw2w
I~MVEST1 VENISON HAMS.? 85 Hams
and Saddles FRESH VENISON Just received,
de 12 WILLIAM G DANDK1DG& A CO.
s
YRUPS.
300 hogheads and 3uo liarrels
DARK STANDARD;
100 barrels BRIGHT AMBER, of superior quality,
for sale by PALMER, HARTS! R>K A CO.,
no 29 Agents here for the rellners.
"I a TIERCES LEAF LARD,
20W tins (l? and 20 pound*) LARD,
20 dozen KEEP TONGUES,
10 boxes BREAKFAST BACON,
10 hogsheads CLEAR-RIB SIDES,
ion kegs BI CAR B. SODA,
2.7 hogsheads PORTO RICO SUGAR.
Go barrels CRUSHED, CUT, GRANU
LATED, and POWDERED SUGARS;
50 barrels new No. 2 MACKEREL,
5o tierces BE E-Hl V E SYRUP
all of which we ofl'er to the trade At lowest market
price*. r
uo 23 S. C. TARDY A CO.
TTERR1NGS AND POTATOES.
000 barrels No. 1 Eastport HERRINGS;
200 barrels Jackson White and Early Rose PO
TATOES. direct from Eastport, Maine, dally ox
pccted for side by
no is A. S. LF.E.
TjHSH! FISH! FISH!
JL 2i>o barn-N new No. 1 EASTERN HERRINGS
5o bau'eis new No. l, No. 2, and No. 3 MACK
Elf EL
20 boxes 'OI >FiSTI and HAKE,
lust received and for sale, by
oc&> ROBERT F. WILLIAMS A CO.
a u G A R S SUGARS 1 SUGARS 25
O hogsheads good to stric tly choice PORTO RICO
SUGARS, lo hogsheads SCOTCH (BEET-ROOT)
SUGAR, for sale he
oe 20 ROBERT V. W1LLTAMS A CO.
!V?i:S, JlKtl'OILS, TOBACCO, Ac.
WINESAND LIQUORS.? I beg- to call
the attention of all in want of real good and
pure WINES and LIQUORS toiny large and well
selected stock, consisting of
?I AMES HENNESSEY BRANDY, in casks and
ease?, In bond or dutv paid h
?JAMAICA ami ST. "CROIX RUM, SCOTCH
WHISKEY, and HOLLAND GIN;
MADEIRA, SHERRY, and PORT WINE, also
WHITE PORT;
CHAMPAGNE of the very first houses and very
best brands
CLARET, SAUTERNE, HOCK, and MOSELLE,
from the cheap table wine to the lin?st grades
produced.
Tlic above wines and liquors were nearly all Im
ported by myself, and some of them were especially
put up for me. They are perfectly pure, and I ofl'er
them as cheap ami cheaper than they can be had in a
larger market.
I keep also constantly on hand ENGLISH and
SCOTCH ALE. LONDON PORTER, ANGOS
TURA and BORER'S HITTERS, and all of the
rinest French and other CORDIALS.
My stock of WHISKEYS cannot be surpasssed. I
am receiving constantly from all parts of the United
States, and nave moat of the celebrated brands al
ways on hand.
CIGARS J.nt receiving direct from ITavana.
J OSCAR CRANZ.
No. U Exchange Block,
de ll-2w Fourteenth street
50
BARRELS BOYLE, MILLER
CO.'S CELEBRATED ROSE WHISKEY.
Ah agents for dititilfera, we offer to the trade In Iota
to suit the al)ove CELEBRATED BRAND OF
WnTSKEY. fno23j 8. P. TARDY t CO.
The best chew? 3uo boxes lot
TIER'S STRAWBERRY TWIST, said to be
by ehewera the l>est TOBACCO; put up this season
I Hitter than ever; for sale at factory price to the
trade. New-crop Texas Pecans, large and fine;
new-crop Smyrna Figs. new-crop Layer Kalslra,
?Sultana, loo?w Muscats, and frnll ijeedle* Raisins.
Just received and for sale by 1
lodis j. nossiErx.
no u 1412 Main street.
THE following report was
J- ADOPTED BY T11K COUNCIL on the 11th
current, and Is now published bj auworiry.
J&, C. HOWARD, City Clerk.
To the PnaOlcnt nrul Member* o/ the Cpj Council:
Gentlemeiv-The Committee on Accounts anu
Printing lx:g leave to report that after due examina
tion of the proposals submitted In accordance wltn
their public advertisement they have awardeo con
tracts a-s follows
To WILLIAM If. WADE the city printing on the
terms proi>osc<l? viz., For
HOOK-WORK.
Wain composition, per l,ooo ems.... 7?
Uuleor ilfrurccompoisittoH, iH?r 1 ?J
Kuleand Jlgure composition, per l,wo ems 1 <0
BOOK TRESS-WORK, OCTAVO FORM.
Oneto five tokens
Five to ten token* ....?4 85
Ten tokens aud up war* la. M
JOB-WOBK.,
Plain composition, per l,ooo ems.. GO
ltule or fljmru composition, per IjMto eta*. 75
Itule and ilgure composition, i?er 1,000 ems 1
JOBPltESS-WORK.
Per token ?0
To the Richmond Dispatch the publication of all
ORDINANCES and NOTICES of every kind, from
all departments of the city government, at *4 cent*
jjer square. 1 U JJf
The committee recommend that tli# publication of
tlie -penal ordinances, required by the city charter,
Whig at 20 cents per square
at 3 tents per line; to Evening fitaU Journal at W
cents jx-r square and to the German Anseiger at 33ft
cents per square for tint Insertion, and afterwards
lei cents.
It seemed to tlio cornmittro a. matter of lane pub
lic conreulo nee, that some one paper should I*; known
and recognized as tlie vehicle or all official Informa
tion and notices to the public, and the Di9oateh waa
sclrvted a* ?ucii iiaper. And in regard to uuwe ordl
i fin ccs einboUyin# penalties for tlweir violation, they
think It proper that more widely extended publica
tion ?hout<l hematic*; wherefore th# four last-named
newspapers *ere tested for this special service.
KespeeifuMy autanttted. It jLAIANLY.
<lc la-at imlrman Committee on yrlntinjr. le.
TtriLLIA3I E. WOOD ?t CO,'
1 T 373 AND 375 W. BALTIMORE STREET,
BALTIMORE, MP-
manufacturer* of STEAii-IIKATlNO APPA
RATUS and inventors of the new polished-front
dat-top PARIS RANGE? In every rwjiect the beat
cooklug-rnnsre In tlie United States, and warranted
to heat tlie rooms above. It received, with the cele
brated Parlor -Sun and Llfhtninfr Fireplace Heaters,
the Ant premium# at tlie Maryland &6Mt' Fair and at
the American institute Fair. New York. Buy either
the Parlor Sun or Ltghtniujr Fireplace lffatera and
tlie Paris Kamje, and you will have the beat heating
H replace stove and the bait cooking apparatus in U?
world.
Send for descriptive circular.
_ WiLLUM E.WOOD A CO..
Manufacturers and Ittventor* of Hoatfeg, Ventila
ting, and Cooking Appanuaa, 373 OXUVSlb W. Bal
timore street, Baltimore, MA no frd>tn
T I Q U O R FLAVORING. COGNAC
?J BRANDY OIL, ROM OIL, RYE WHISKEY
OIL, HOLLAND GIN OIL, for ?&b?r
BODEKER i DA^Cfewtjjista,
d*5