the oskaloosa herald.
Thursday, December 28,1871.
Head W. E. Vernon’s new holiday locale.
MiM Charlotte Williams is visiting in
Ohio lor a few weeks.
An Odd Fellows Lodge was organized at
New Sharon Monday night.
O. W. Loriug is still confined to the
house, hope to see him out again soon.
Amos Hollingsworth has been quite sick
for a week and is still confined to his bed.
Thermometer hereabouts stood at 20
degrees below zero, on Wednesday morn
ing. _
The Marshal)'wn Times has the name
of a Senatorial candidate spelled “Har
land.”
The “Aldine” is the nicest publication of
the kind in the country. Read the Pros
pectus.
The Statement of the National State
State Bank, in this issue, makes a good
showing.
Wm. Nash has moved his Agricultural
Works to first door east of Joues’ Wagon
works. Read local.
Read D. M Walton’s locals. lie means
business, and will cause you trouble if you
don’t lieed Ins warning.
llox. L. F. Ellsworth informs us the
Chiistmas tree at Bellefontaine was a pleas,
ant a flair, and a decided success.
lowa College, Grinnell, lowa.—Win
der term begins Jan. 3d, 1872. Classes will
be formed for beginners in Languages.
House and lot for sale In east part of
town, with seven rooms and cellar. Price
S9CO Enquire at Howard Ayres.
The Davis County Teachers’ Institute
convened Christmas, with Prof. G. T. Car
penter of Oskaloosa College in charge.
Fire. —The east building of Grinnell
College was destroyed by fire last Sunday
morning. The loss was about $20,000.
John It. Baer has been appointed P. M.
at Leacon, and will commence to play
“Nasby” Jan. 1. A good and worthy ap
pointment.
Dogs vs Sheep. —Two dogs got into
the sheep fold of J. M. Hoover, and killed
30 out of the 90. One of the dogs ‘‘sleeps
in the valley.”
The Oskaloosa Quadrille Club will give
one of their splendid foot-shakes in City
Hall New Year’s night. If you have an
invitation you’d better attend.
The friends of Mrs. Geo. R. Lee, will
regret to learn of her very serious illness
for some days past. We are happy to say
she is better, though not yet out of danger.
The Ottumwa Courier says Wm. Prosser
bad his thigh broken in a coal bank near
that city, while taking down rock from
the roof of the room in which he was work
ing.
A correspondent of the Register, writing
from Steamboat Rock, Hardin county,
complains very much of the scarcity of
coal there and says the farmers are burn
ing corn for fuel.
Festival. —The Good Templars of New
Sharon will give a Festival in that town,
to-night, 28th. A good chance for the
Lodge at this t lace to take a pleasant trip
and enjoy themselves.
Christmas passed off pleasantly and
quietly, every person striking out on an
independent enjoy. Christmas trees and
other S'-en* s of social enjoy mint being the
attractions principally.
All persons Interested in establishing
a Cheese Factory near Oskaloosa, are
requested to meet at Cook Hunt’s office
next Saturday at one o’clock, or us soon
thereafter as convenient.
M. G. Carleton of the Indianola
Trader is in town spending holidays with
relatives and friends, and made us a pleas
ant call on Wednesday. He is looking
well, and enjoys his new home.
Fine Pios— Capt. W. A. Hunter, a few
days since received from Ohio, some very
ni:-i Berkshire pigs, which stock he pro
po:-es to raise extensively. We are glad to
see our citizens improving their stock.
A protracted meeting is being held at
Fairview church, three miles south-east oj
Sharon, conducted by Rev. Cherrington,
several have already expressed their deter
miri ition to lead a different life, and battle
for the right.
Tiios. Cowgill of Kennard, Champaign
county, Ohio, writes us: ‘‘Enclosed, etc.
I have taken the Herald about
twenty years—living SCO miles from the
place of its publication, I yet find it a
good and useful paper."
On every hand the Board of Codifying
Commissioners, of which Judge Seeveks
of our city was a member, are receiving
complimentary notices for the good work
they accomplished in such short time.
They deserve every word of it.
Oyster Supper —We made a mistake
last week in announcing the Oyster Sup
per for Buckeye School house. It should
have retd Friday evening the 29th, and
we hope all who can will govern them
selves by the above notice and be present.
The citizens of Clinton, lowa, have now
weekly meetings under a regular organi
zation, which has for its object the encour
agement and building up of the manufac
turing interests of that city, and also en
larging and increasing them in kind and
capacity.
Bam Baldauk has an attractive local in
the Herald you should read. Sam is a
lively lx>y, and the only wonder to us is
ihit he don’t tukea rib unto himself, being
such a general favorite with the pretty
giris. However, read his local and let him
talk, to you about it.
A late number of the Pella Blade, under
the head of "stolen,” informs the world
that 11. L. Bousquet has lost a baby cab.
Whitt Hen Bousquet, the red-headed, bach
elor Clerk of Marion county was doing
with a baby wagon is more than we can
imagine. Quit that Henry.
Graduate. —Robert Rissick of this city
was one of the graduates of the law class
of the State Universityat the late term
just closed. The graduating members of
the class, four in number, gave a farewell
banquet at the Clinton House, which is
we:! spoken ofby the Republican.
Address. —Our Carrier Boys will wait
on the town subscribers next Monday
morning with their address; a well writ
ten and finely printed sheet, and if the
patrons think they have faithfully disebarg
e 1 their duties, they hope lor some stamps.
Toe money all belongs u> lh<J
Glories ok the Yosrsiitk Valley
We reecivwd one dozen magnificent »tereo
scopic views of the Yosemite Valley, last
Saturday, from E. 11. T. Anthony Co
GUI Broadway, New York. They have
had an artist in California all summer, and
these views represent some of the grandest
and most picturesque portions of this fa
mous valley, and as specimens of the pho
nographic art cannot be excelled. Lovers
'Ot U.* beautiful in nature cannot help ad
mi riu tt the beauty and grandeur of the
oSemite V alley, and should possess some
.o', these views. The bouse of E. 11. T.
>u .o ny A Co., U the great Stereoscopic
.Emporium of the United States, and they
ibave sent artists to alj parts of world
d gather together views of all important
>daces in every quarter Q the globe.
Ordinances. —Marshal Buchanan in
forms us that many of our citizens are
totally ignorant of the city laws, and re
quests us to say that copies of the ordinan
ces in pamphlet form, may be had at the
Mayor’s office, free of charge. Get a copy
and cease to plead ignorance.
Notwithstanding the 6torm on Friday
evening, the Holiday Sociable of the U. P.
Sabbath School was quite well attended
and their Superintendent, Wm. Burnside)
was made the recipient ol a handsomely
bound Family Bible, showing the esteem
in which he is held by his S. S. Teachers.
New Paper.—H. M. Belvel run a lively
paper at the little town of Lineville, Wayne
Co., for a year but finding he couldn’t
make a living, concluded to stop, and mov
ed his office to Corydon, the county seat,
where he is now engaged in the very ques
tionable effort (financially) of running out
the old Republican paper there.
Venison —One day last week Major
Downing received the carcass of. a deer
from that inimitable cuss, Charlie H. Ev
ans, of Springfield, Mo. Whether Charlie
shot, captured or bought the deer, we know
not, but that it was first-class eating we
had abundant evidence in the very nice
piece furnished us by the Major.
Three of our preachers were made the
victims of a surprise, Christmas. Revs.
J. F. Childs and lady. Rev. J. E. Snowden
and lady, and Rev. J. W. McDonald and
lady, were each presented with a large
sized likeness of themselves, gotten up by
their congregations without their knowl
edge. It was a surprise to each.
Jasper Countv.— The Free Press says
that H. K. Parker, while moving a house,
got his leg crushed under a skid.... Geo.
P. Dorlas undertook to take 50 cents “out
of Wm. Brent’s hide,’’ but didn’t succeed.
He however, received about half a dozen
stabs from a knife, which are likely to re
mind him of his failure for some time to
come
The Mail and Express Messengers on
the Central have more than they can do,
and have called for help from Chas. Huber
and John Perry to assist them a few days.
Have been on the go for four days and
nights and then are unable to get through
the accumulated mails and Express goods.
John Shannon bears the burdan with chris
tbian fortitude.
Monroe County. —Ben Yocum, former
ly “limb-’o-the-law” in this city, has pur
chased an interest in the Albia Spirit....
Fred Douglass will lecture in Albia Janu
ary 16... .The Union speaks of a steer that
weighed 1990 lbs... .Filling a kerosene
lamp, with another standing by, lighted,
came near sending Mrs. Noble’s house up
in a “flame and smoke.”
Sawtelle’s Troupe. —The theatrical
troupe now performing here was in Ot
tumwa last week. Of it the Courier says
“Last night we attended the play of “Ca
mille,” and candidly say we were surpris
ed. Miss Breslau and Mr. Sawtelle sus
tained their parts with as good acting as
we ever saw, while the balance of the com
pany did creditably well.”
Beware.—The public in general are
cautioned to look out for the spurious arti
cles put up in imitation of and as substi
tutes for Simmon’s Liver Regulator. Buy
only from respectable druggists, and see
that it is put up in square packages and
has the signature of A. Q. Simmons and J.
H. Zeilin Co., on its side and all others
are frauds upon the public. Beware
The M. E. Festivals on the evenings of
the 23d and 25th were grand successes,
notwithstanding the inclement weather.
The receipts were over $273.00. On Mon
day evening, Rev. McDonald and lady
were presented by the congregation with
two elegant pictures, as a mark of the es
teem in which they were held. A large
amount of eatables were left, which were
given to to the poor.
Here Too.—Sperry of the Voter wishes
to know how so many papars throughout
the state dare defy the postal law in regard
to Bending circulars, hills, etc., through
the papers, unless as regular supplement.
We understand there is a fine for each
offense; and that the only way to thus cir
culate a supplement is to make it a part of
your issue by publishing matters of news
in some quantity thereon.
The Postoffices in all the principal towns
in lowa closed Christmas. The Department
expects its officials to observe “Christ
mas,” “Decoration,” “July 4tli,” and
Thanksgiving” days. Are not required to
open Sundays unless a mail arrives after
the office is closed on Saturday night, and
then must .not keep open during Divine
Service. These rules will be strictly ob
served at Oskaloosa Postofflce.
Selling Out. —Last week we omitted
mention of Dan. Ogilvie’s big advertise
ment, announcing the fact that be is at his
annual trick of closing out his stock of sta
ple goods. Daniel don’t keep old shelf
worn goods and push them out when he
makes these sales, but puts his staple
stock forward for you to choose from. He
thinks he can afford to sell cheap now,
rather than keep the goods over—and he
can. Read his adv.
The Register says Hon. J. B. Grinnell has
issued the bonds for the new Albia, Knox
ville and Des Moines Railroad —at which
he has persistently and vigorously worked
lor two years—and is determined to push
it forward with utmost speed. This spirit
is a good one, and we would like to see
more of it manifested by capitalists who
can afford it. Do not think that the name
of this road prevents its extension to Os
kaloosa, since this is not true.
Sergeant-at-arms.— One J. W. Rags
dale of Corning, lormerly of Albia, is can
didate for Sergeaut-at-arins of the Senate.
We hope all Republicans, before pledg
ing themselves to him for the position will
ask him the question, “did you vote for
M. M. Walden, for Congress, when he wai
on the Republican ticket one year ago?”
We have it from reliable authority that he
bolted the nomination, and yet was run
ning what he called u Republican paper at
that time.
Don’t Grumble. —Parties occasionally
grumble because we do not insert their ar
ticle* handed in Wednesday morning—ar
ticles they have had the whole week to
prepare, but let carelessness or laziness, or
both, detain them. Please remember
Wednesday is our busiest day, and belongs
to ourselves and advertising patrons, many
of whom desire postponement to the latest
hour possible. To insure publication of
them even, they must be in by 10 o’clock
Wednesday morning.
Meat Market. —C. M. Dunbmore lias
taken great paius to fix up his meat mar
ket on East Main street, near south-east
corner of square, and now has everything
clean and tidy about his premises, which
are calculated to make a man relish the
meat be buys. Mr. Dunsmore has had
considerable experience in this line, is well
posted on stock and able to make his selec
tions with some degree of accuracy, and
not trust to the hap hazard way some peo
ple do business. Qo round and give him a
trial.
Symptoms.—Slight pain in the side, the
skin and eye assume a thick yellow coat,
digestion is impaired, an unpleasant sink
ing sensation at the pit of the stomach is
experienced, the bowels are irregular, the
mind fretful, the memory weakened, some
ugh coyness of the hands
and feet, sometimes loss of appetite and at
others unnatural craving for food, dizzi
ness of the head, decreased spirits, feeling
of uncertainty, of having i«a something
undone, but can’t tell what it is. Take
Simmons’ Lives Regulator, it will remove
all unpleasant feelings and make you well.
I. O. O. F.—There will be a public in
stallation of officers of Commercial Lodge,
No. 128,1. O. O. F., at their hall, Wednes
day eve, January 3d, 1872. T. B. Kemp,
has been secured to deliver a public
address for the occasion. The public is
cordially invited to attend. By order of
Committee.
Ten Years.— Wm. Carrick, the robber
of mails on the Central R. R. of lowa,
whose arrest and trial we have before men
tioned, was last week sentenced to ten
years imprisonment in the penitentiary.
Judge Love in passing sentence upon him
took no account of his family or his father’s
wealth, but justly regarded the sou of a
rich man just as guilty as a poor man for
the same offense. Tea years What a
length of time for him to reflect upon the
“folly” (to say nothing of the sin) of his
crime—stealing from the mails entrusted
to his care, when an indulgent father
would have supplied all the chauge he
really needed.
bNow. —Last Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday we were the recipients of the heav
iest snow storm that has visited our section
of the country for many years, The great
New Year’s storm of 1864 was colder and
more bitter, but less snow fell. The mails
of course are more or less disarranged,
the D. V. on Saturday was five hours late,
coming in Monday on lime from the east,
but nine hours late from the west, all right
Tuesday. The Central got in Sunday
from the south, but the mail misses every
other day, there being only one agent be
tween Albia and Grinnell, so we are in
formed. The mails will be all right from
this on. if we do not get another snow.
Taken.—On Christmas night, after the
children, teachers and friends of the Bap
tist Sabbath School had spent a pleasant
hour at the church, in the enjoyment of
the sweets of the times ;the members of
the church and friends of the pastor and
his wife repared stealthily to their house,
took entire possession and on the arrival
cf the unsuspecting couple, they were taken
by surprise—not only to see so many un
invited visitors, but to see upon their par
lar walls, e very excellent, large, and life
like representation of each other. The
surprise was certaily complete, and for
once, our ready-tongued Bro. Childs was
embarrassed. Aster some pleasant jokes
had been indulged in, the company retired,
each feeliDg glad to have aided iu so pleas
ant a surprise. One of them.
How it Works. —The virtue of the “pay
your debts” system is thus elucidated by
the State Centre Enterprise “A few
days since we paid a debt of two dollars
with a greenback having a peculiar mark
on it. In less than four hours it came back
to us for subscription. Having a curiosity
to see how many bands it had passed thro’
during that time, and knowing every one
that had it must have noticed the mark
above referred to, we commenced follow
ing it back to the gentleman we had paid
it to, and found in that short space of time
it had passed through the hands of thirteen
different persons, thuß paying debts to the
amount of $26. In these times of closeness
in the money market it is surprising how
much good a little money does, and how
much good is done.when people pay their
debts.”
Prospectuses. —We present several
prospectuses of interesting publications
this week. The Davenport Gazette, one
of the finest dailies in the west, has a short
announcement which you should read.
Tne Lady's Friend and Saturday Even
ing Post, two of the most popular publica
tions in Philadelphia are offered astonish
ingly low to clubs. The Post has been
greatly improved of late, and now is one
of the finest literary papers in the land.
The prospectus of Harper’s Bazar will
at once claim the the attention of every
lady who loves the fashions—and who
does not. No one can surpass the Harper
publications, and a price list is given in
their prospectus.
The Chicago Journal has a prospectus
which we invite you to read. It is one of
Chicago’s best papers.
Marion County. —The Voter says Mr.
Michael Slaughlerback has a fish pond,
about 22 yards across each way, which he
dug on liis-premises in the south-east part
of Knoxville in the summer of 1870. He
stocked it with cat-fish, chubs, silver-sides,
sunfish, and some bass, from White Breast
Creek and the river. All the fish have
prospered well, and none have died. He
thirks there must be 10,000 fish in the pond
now but few or none of them are big
enough to be eaten yet. He feeds them
occasionally with meal dough, offal of va
rious kinds, and com but takes no care
of them otherwise. That paper also men
tions others similarly supplied. Will Bro.
Sperry describe the ponds—how they are
made, etc James Settle, 60 years of age,
long a resident of the county, fell dead of
heart disease, a few days since... .D. W.
Rowland, of Washington Tp., had the lit
tle finger of his right hand bitten entirely
off by a horse, one day last week, as he
was endeavoring to hold the animal’s head
while some application was being made to
its eye.
Chicago Relief.— lt does not look well
to brag or even comment on our charities,
but when the world is being enlightened
as to the amount, ;we certainly would be
represented at something near our correct
amount. A special report of the Chicago
Relief Society gives Oskaloosa credit for
$374.80. At the first meeting we held, on
election night, over S6OO 00 were subscrib
ed, and that amount was ordered expended
for flour, potatoes, etc., which was done
next morning, and the goods shipped at
once. Many car-loads of necessaries were
afterward shipped, the result of .the labors
of the committee appointed to solicit con
tributions, and lastly I. Frankel sent the
balance of money, something near S4OO,
which he received receipt for—making a
total of not less than $1500.00. New Sha
ron gets credit in the list for $59.70, when
it shipped ever bo many cars of eatables
and some money. Beacon sent ten cars of
coal and two or more of articles to eat and
wear, and is not mentioned in the list.
Burlington is credited with $180.70, for
the $5000.00 worth it sent, and so on.
Give us credit or dry up.
Serious Accident. —On last Thursday
night about. 9 o’clock, the night train on
the D. V. It. R., ran off the track near
Beutousport, precipitating the baggage car,
one coach, one sleeping car, and two box
cars, over au embankment about fifteen
feet high, rolling the cars over and over,
the baggage resting on its top, with the
trucks up in the air, while the coaches rest
ed on their sides, propped up by interven
ing trees in some manner, saving them
from falling a greater distance. Of course
the stoves were upset and dismantled, and
the fire scattered in every direction, setting
fire to the coaches and entirely consuming
them. There were some thirty passengers
on board, among whom were several Oska
loosians—Judge Seevers and his daughter
Carrie, Ollie Downing and Leonie Wells,
—the young ladies, who were returning
from scho jl, escaped with little injury, but
Judge Seevers had his shoulder badly dis
located, aud unstained other injuries, which
we are pleased to say he is recovering
from, and will soon be all right. The only
other person seriously injured was George
Swan, express messenger, from Des Moines
who had his collar-bone broken in two
places, but nobly refused to leave his post
until all his valuables were taken care of.
We learn that Miss Leonie Wells was the
last person to leave the car, being held by
rubbish and fragments, in such a manner
she could net extricate herself. The es
cape of all was providential, and had it
not been for a heavy growth of young
trees, strong enough to support the coach
es, they would have encountered much
greater danger.
Olive Logan was married In New York, Tuesday
morning, to Wirt Sykes, Esq., by Rev. Robert
Collyer, and lectured In the evening at Warwick,
N. Y .-Ex.
We imagine that lecture was of the “cur
tain” species, and probably pleased Olive
as well as any she has indulged in.'
“Oekalooga coal has been advanced to $6 a ton
at the pit mouth.”— Montezuma Standard.
As the above might be easily construed
to mean “at the bank,” here, we desire to
correct it. Coal is selling here at 10 cents
per bushel, delivered at your door, any
place in town or about 6 cents per bushel
at the banks. Making less than one-third
intimated above.
The Ottumwa Courier copies our article
relative to Frankie Rice and says
“We clip the above from the Oekalooea Herald,
for the purpose of giving it our hearty and most
unqualified approval. We hope this eon of one of
the bravegt and beet of the patriot dead cf the
late war may be elected by unanimous conssnt.”
We know not who wrote the above, but
Maj. Hamilton, Dick Warden, and Billy
Caldwell, were personally acquainted with
the General. All served under him, and
know whereof they speak when publish
ing the above.
CniEF Clerk of the House.—
The Fairfield Ledger in a recent number
says:
“Disposed Of. —We rather incline to
the opinion that the aspirations of friend
Safely are “nipped in the bud,” if the truth
of the following can be substantiated
“We see geveral papers urging the name of J. J.
Safely for Chief Clerk of the House. Wo do not
know that be is a candidate, but we do know
he is the man who as Chairman of the Republican
Tp. Central Committee at Ottumwa, had bogus
tickets printed in the Congressional election last
year, thus giving the Republican county of Wa
pello to the Democracy. This ho took credit for
over bis own signature, which should condemn
him with all Republicans. He may be the Dem
ocratic candidate, and would make a fit one.”—
Oskaloosa Herald.
“If the truth can be substantiated,” is it
Bro. Junkin The facts are thes: Dur
ing the canvass, one year ago last fall, a
large amount of Republican tickets were
worked in Wapello county, with Hod. M.
M. Walden’s name omitted. The tickets
were printed at the Courier office, and of
course the editors’ of that paper were
blamed for it, and to clear their skirts, this
same J. J. Safely published* the following
card, assuming the responsibility himself:
“To tiik Public:— Some complaint having
been made about the Republican tickets In cir
culation yesterday, at this and other precincts in
this county, having the name of M. it. Walden
omitted, 1 have to say that at the request of prom
inent Republicans of this county, I ordered them
printed in that manner of the foreman of the
Courier Job office, during the absence of the ed
itors, and without their knowledge or consent,
and they were sent to snch townships only as re
quested, ordered and paid for them.
J. J. SAFELY,
Chairman TOWNSHIP Cent. Com.”
It remains with the Republican members
of the House to say whether or not J. J.
Safely is the man they want for Clerk.
TO THE CITIZENS OF OSKALOOSA
AND MAHASKA COUNTY.
The following paper was read last week
at a meeting at our Society for the Relief
of the poor:
Gentlemen and Ladies :—As this eve
ning has been dedicated to the work of hu
manity, we think it a proper time to bring
before you, for your consideration, a sub
ject which ought to have received our at
tention long ere this that is, a home for
friendless women and girls.
Situated in our suburbs or country,
where they can support themselves, in a
measure, until they have been taught self
reliance, and a way to earn an honorable
living.
Some few weeks since, thero was a case
reported to some of the ladies of our city,
a case of such absolute destitution of both
body, mind and character, that it led to an
investigation of this subject, and resulted
in our beiDg appointed a committee, to
bring the matter before the citizens, in or
der to ascertain it they wished that most
unfortunate of all God’s creatures, to be
cared for it so, how shall it be done
Shall it be a State institution as our Re
form School for boys, so that the expenses
may be borne by all, as all receive the ben
efit of living in a moral community? Or
shall we co-operate with a certain number
of counties, or perhaps we would all like
to have a share in this good work, which
will enable us to pay a tithe of the great
debt we owe the Good Shepherd who 1 as
left Kis lost sheep to be sought after and
folded, by those who love them.
We know that we are all prone to per
suade ourselves that charity begins at
borne and indeed, the demands of our pres
ent customs and fashions, have imposed a
heavy burden upon heads of families, and
in our efforts to gratify the luxurious hab
its and refined tastes of those we love, we
are apt to forget that after we have sup
plied our immediate charge with the nec
essaries of life, others have an equal claim,
to a certain extent, on our time and means.
We also forget that God’s laws are as im
perative in the mutual and spiritual life, as
they are in the physical or natural world,
that while we, like the granite rock, may
withstand the surging billows of tempta
tion, we forget that the out-going tide of
social life, will carry our children, whom
we have cared for so tenderly, by its eddies
and whirlpools, and when the incoming
tide of natural attraction brings them again
to our hearthstone, we find their tender
loving spirit gone, that they have become
cold and hard, restless and defiant, showing
us by their looks and actions, that they will
have no more of our advice.
As years go by, and we see them grow
harder and more depraved, we cry out in
heart-broken anguish, what have we done
that this sorrow should have come upon
us we pray earnestly that we may not be
called to drink the bitter cup to its dregs.
And as the evening of life draws on, which
ought to be crowned by the glowing, mel
lowed tints of a peaceful autumn sunset,
we find our life sinking in a mass of sullen,
leaden clouds, while a still darker pall
overhangs our world-weary spirit, as we
realise that our whole life work has been
a dismal failure. Not because we have not
labored faithfully, not because we have
failed to be at our posts, on God’s holy
Sabbath morning, in the magnificent tem
ple we have erected to His honor, singing
Him our sweetest song of praise, nor be
cause we have failed to givo our children
the best of instructions, and good counsel
but because the voice of our brother’s
“blood has cried from the ground,” not that
we have "loosened the silver chord, broken
the golden bowl,” or poured out the crim
son tide of life upon the thirsty soil, but by
the more prolonged tortures of starving
body and mental death because we have
refused to recognize the universal brother
hood of the human family, refused to be a
light.house, and a shelter to souls that are
wrecked on the breakers of sin, ignoring
the laws of action and reaction failing to
perceive, that when we work faithfully
and wisely for the elevation of our less for
tunate brothren, we remove temptation or
evil influences from the path of those who
are so near to us. Also the law of sympa
thy which enables us to grow in grace' so
rapidly, giving us a giant’s strength to fight
our own life’s battle successfully.
But our friends we find the subject of
social influences for good and evil, as it
branches out exhaustless; and after laying
this matter before you, as best we could,
we shall leave it in your hands, praying
that it may be duly considered and favora
bly acted upon at as early a day as possi
ble. Yours Respectfully,
Committer.
The un designed were appointed a com
mittee to consider the above paper, and to
report through these columns. After can
vassing the subject somewhat, the com
mittee are unanimously agreed
Ist. That a great necessity is laid on us
as citizens to act in this matter.
2d. It is our opinion that the most effect
ive way of securing the object sought is to
petition the incoming Legislature for aa
appropriation in connection with the State
Reform School.
3d. That we recommend that Mahaska
county make overtures to the Legislature
for the permanent location of said school.
Jas. B Snowden,
J. F. Childs, v Com.
J*o. JxrrssiM.
The Register has this to say of our rec
ommendation of Frankie Rice, and we
endorse its remarks in full, and hope the
boy mentioned will also get a position to
help his widowed mother in the struggles
with the cold world
We trust that the Legislature in choosing boys
for messengers and pages will remember soldiers’
boys. We are led to make this remark by seeing
a statement that Frank Rice, of Oskaloesa, a son
of the gallant Gen. Rice, deceased, will bean
applicant for one of these places. We hope he
will be given a place, as we are told he is a go d
boy in every particular, and a bright boy. We
are also told that Frink Coriean, of this city,
whose father was killed at Black River Bridge,
and whose mother is now supporting the family by
hard work, will also ask for a messengership, and
as he is a fine boy, and so very deserving, we
trust he will be successful.”
THEtWEEK OF PRAYER.
The Evangelical Alliance has sent-forth
the following programme for the week of
prayer for 1872
Sabbath, Jan. 7.—Sermons Subjects
The faith once delivered to the (saints, a
universal and everlasting bond of union in
the Christian church. The duty of its de
fence and extension binding on all believ
ers.
Monday, Jan. B—Thanksgiving “God’s
unspeakable giftfor mercies, personal
and relative for national mercies for
the maintenonce and restoration from fam
ine and other national calamities; for mer
cies in,the Christian Church for progress
of Christ’s Kingdom and the usefulness of
the Christian ministry.
Tuesday, Jan. 9—Humiliation For
personal and national sins, weakness of
faith, disobedience and worldliness iu the
church. Acknowledgments of Diyine
judgments, confessions of unfaithfulness,
and prayer for the revival of religion as in
past times.
Wednesday, Jan. 10—Prayer (intercee
sory)’For families for the sons and daugh
ters of Christian parents at home and in
other lands also for those at school, at
colleges and universities and for all en
tering upon commercial or professional
duties for the increase of spiritual life in
those who confess Christ for the conver
sion of the unconverted and for the sanc
tifying'of affliction both to parents and
children.
Thursday, Jan. 11.—Prayer (intercesso
ry For kings and all in authority for
nations, especially those recently visited
with the calamities of war for the preva
lence of peace In the counsel of statesmen
for righteousness, harmony and good will
among all classes for the spread of sound
knowledge, and for God’s blessing upon
special efforts to resist the progress of infi
delity, superstition, intemperance, and oth
er kinds of immorality.
Friday, Jan. 12—Prayer (intercessory
For the Christian Church for bishops,
presbyters, pastors, and missionaries for
translators of the Holy Scriptures into va
rious tongues for office-bearers, and for
committees, societies, and authors engaged
in Christian work.
Saturday, Jan. 13—Prayer For a larg
er outpouring of the Holy Spirit; for the
increase of Christian love and holy zeal,
and for the union of believers in prayer
and effort for God’s glory.
Sabbath, January 14—Sermons “Thy
kingdom come, Thy will be done in earth
as it is done in heaven.” (Matt. 6 :10.)
The world’s week of prayer will he ob
served in the U. P. church in this city,
commencing next Monday, January Ist,
instead of January 7th, and continued each
day and evening during the week. All
citizens are invited to attend and take part
in the exercise. The above topics will be
taken up for consideration and diecussion.
CHICAGO GENERAL MARKET.
CnicAGo, Dec. 26.
WHEAT—I.2I for No. 1.
CORN—No. 2 at
OATS—32.
CHICAGO LIVE STOCK.
CnicAGo, Dec. 20.
CATTLE —Receipts yesterday and to-day
866; good shipping steers in better de
mand and higher, sales, choice, averaging
1,363 and 1,327 and 1,468 at 6,00; good
eleven cwt steers 5,00 fair to good steers
4.25@4 75
HOGS —Receipts yesterday 2,879, to-day
6,140; market opening quiet and firm
range closed dull and weak.
OSKALOOSA PRODUCE MARKET.
Wednesday, 3 p. m. December 27
Wheat, 95 100
Corn, 20
Potatoes, 35 40
Oats, 20 23
Hogs, 3,00 390
Butter 15 18
Eggs 20 22
Flour, 3,20 350
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Twenty cents a line for each insertion
under this head.
Regular patrons with standing advertisements
will be charged one-half these rates.
CLARK PURDY
has as fine stock of Groceries as there is in
town.
REMOVAL.
Wm. Nash has removed his stock of
Agricultural Implements,
to West Main Street, one door east of
Jones’ Blacksmith shop and is preparing
to bring on a larger stock than ever of
Farming Implements,
of which notice will be given in due time.
Cash Paid tor Grass Seed,
at his store. Orders taken for nedge
Plants. !Gw2
HOLIDAY PRESENTS.
Wm. S. Vernon has still a large supply
of those nice holiday presents. 110 can
fhrnieh you anything you wish in that
line. wl.
For candies of all kinds, go to Purdy’s,
on 8. E. corner.
PLEASE REMEMBER
those who have remembered you for two
years past. We have sold our Grocery
store and the books and notes arc in the
hands of D. M. S. B. Walton for settle*
ment.
Also. —All claims of the firm of I). AT.
&J. W. Walton. My patience lias about
given out and I intend to close them soon.
I mean just what I say.
3w16 D. M. Walton.
HOPE TOLD A FLATTERING TALK,
But never even anticipated so divine a
preparation for the toilet, as that delight
ful preparation “Sozoaont.” So cool and
refreshingly agreeable to the mouth and
teeth, hardens and invigorates the gums,
gives a pure and healthy tone to the breath
cleanses, beautifies and preserves the teeth
and arrests decay.
Spalding’s Glue, with brush, always
ready.
A DUN.
We trusted you when you said it was an
accommodation, and now we want our
money. If, after fair notice you do not
pay us, we shall endeavor to make it oil’
you by law. Now to save trouble you had
better come up and square it off.
Craig Alexander.
All kinds of staple groceries, sugar, cof
fee, tea, etc., at Purdy’s, S. E. corner of
square.
WARNING.—AII persons are warned
against buying a note of SIOO, drawn by
Henry Else and endorsed by Wiley Wray,
in favor of National State Bank of Oska
loosa as the note has been paid, and was
stolen with F. W. Else’a valise from the
train wrecked on the D. V. R. R., on Dec.
21st.
For Wooden, Willow, or Earthen ware,
go to Purdy’s, on S. E. corner.
FOR SALE OR RENT.
House, entii»ly new, contasning five
rooms, together with 12% acres land, ad
joining I. O. Green’s. Enquire of
GEO. D. COOK,
16-4 at Madison House.
Gold Band Quoonswaro at Dutton.
L. ROOT &CO.,
Pay the highest price in cash for Hides,
Pelts, Rags, &c., one block west of the
square. 15w3
LADIES KID
Gloves sold very cheap at JefLries Son’s
store. 15
""bargains.
Genuine 'link Furs lor sls and S3O at
Trask Willard’s.
GRAND NiW V EAlt*S E aTERTAIN
MENT
COLLEGE SOIREE AND FESTIVAL
EVERYBODY INVITED
The occasion enlivened by
MUSIC, TOASTS, &c.
A sumptuous Supper and other refresh
ments will be served in
COLLEGE DINING HALL
at usual rates.
Proceeds devoted to furnishing College
Chapel. Remember the time, January 1,
1873. Doors open at G o’clock, p. m.
Committee.
IF YOU
want to get goods cheap, go to Jefferies
Son’s, north side of Public Square.
Trask Willard have a splendid stock
of Velveteens also Bazique Cloakings.
BOOTS SHOES,
Hats and Caps at reduced prices, at
Jefferies Son’s.
STOP
and examine the splendid stock of Merin
oes, Sateens and Empress Cloth 3 at Trask
Willard’s. Prices to suit guaranteed.
REMEMBER
that
NEEDIIAM WOLTZ
have the
LARGEST VARIETY
of
FANCY CANDIES
in the city.
I URS A N TED
We pay the highest market price in cash
for all kinds of Furs.
15w4 I. Frankel Co.
A few. sets of Siberian squirrel furs at
$6.00, worth $10.50 at Jefferies Son’s
store.
Go to Dutton Co’s for holiday presents.
REMEMBER THAT
Jefl rge assortment of
Dry Goods, Hats, Ca,.-, Boots, Shoes, &c.,
at their store, No. 5, U. 8., north side of
square. 15
FRESH ARRIVAL! NEW GOODS!
AND GREAT BARGAINS
AT
M. Wilson’s Cash Store—No. G. Union
Block, Dress Goods, consisting of Plaids
Alpacas, Merinoes, Pongees, Ticoon Itefes,
Poplins, Delaines, French Merinos, &c.
Water proofs Cloaking, Velveteen, New
styles of Prints, Cant ton Flannel, Linsey,
Gents under-ware and over-shirts, Sus
penders, Paper Collars, men and boy’s
Hats and Caps, men and boy’s Back Gloves
and Mittens very cheap, IIATS AND
CAPS AT COST, for the next 30 days, a
full line of Gents and Ladies Hossiery, La
dies Gloves, Shoes Nubias, Childrens fancy
Hose, Ladies Baskets. Also a good as
sortment of Bleached and Brown Muslins.
A good assortment of Meek’s Woolen
goods.
NOTICE.
To the citizens of Oskaloosa and C ouuty
of Mahaska, greeting:
Tijk compliments of the season
It affords m;* a great pleasure in this op
portunity of returning to you my heart
felt thanks for your very, liberal support
and favors for the last 19 years.
And will call your attention the new
and full assortment oi
HOLIDAY GOODS AND PRESENTS
I am daily receiving, knowing that an in
spection of the same will please and satisfy
the tastes of the most fastidious, both as to
quality and prices.
I respectfully solicit a call from one and
all.
P. S—l would also call attention to the
fact of my ha\ ing secured from the East,
the servicc-s of a practical and experienced
Pharmacutist, who has full charge of my
dispensing department. Having tested
his qualities during tlx? past four months,
I have no hesitancy in personally recom
mending his services to all w r lio require a
careful preparation of their prescriptions
and recipes. Respectfully as ever,
Your obedient servant
W. M. WELLS.
A new invoice of Tea, Coflee and Sugar
at S. J. Dutton Co’s.
Peaches, Raspberries, Whortleberries,
Blackberries and Lobsters only 25 cts per
can at Steam Bakery.
If you want toget a good square meal go
to Vernon’s Steam Bakery. wl
A large assortment of China and Bohe
mian Goods for
HOLIDAY GIFTS,
for sale low at Howard Ayres’
The largest assortment and greatest va
riety in Crockery and Glassware at the
lowest prices, can be found at
Howard Ayres’
Silver plated tea sets, goblets, spoons,
knives and forks. Cutlery the
LARGEST ASSORTMENT
in town, and a large variety of goods in
this line at very low prices, at
Howard Ayres’
You can
SAVE MONEY
by buying your goods at
Howard Ayres’
A full stock of
CHOICE GROCERIES
always on hand at the lowest prices at
Howard Ayres’
A choice stock of
CAN NED, AND OTHER FRUITS
for Holidays at Howard Ayres’
12
REMEMBER
that you can buy Boots and Shoes at actual
cost at 8. Baldauf Co’s., west side of pub
lic square.
You can get Ist, qiial ity of goods at low
prices at Howard Ayres’
CHINA TEA SETS,
Plain and gold band. An assortment of
dili'erenl patterns, to be found only at.
Howard Ayhf.s’
We are determined to quit the BOOT
AND SHOE branch of our Business, and
will give large Bargains.
S. Baldauf Co.
West Side Square.
OVERSTOCKED.
The undersigned, living between Oska
loosa and the depot on D. V. It. It., having
nearly three hundred colonies of Hybrid
and pure Italian Bees, and short on a sup
ply of horses, in consequence of late sales,
now proposes to exchange a part of his
bees for horses. Also has thorough bred
Devon cattle for sale.
lOtf Sam’l Inoels.
Boots and Shoes at Wholesale prices at
Baldauf Go’s. They are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
Morris L. Levi is sending from New
York daily the latest and most fashionable
styleßo! Beavers, Broad Cloths, Cassimeres,
Trices and Diagonals, to be made to order
and warranted to lit. in bis merchant tail
oring establishment.
Oskaloosa Sept. 1871.
LOCATED.
The South Western Grocery is now in
full blast, and It P. Bacon is“Pylemg”out
to the dear people an entire new and
Fresh Stock of Staple and Fancy Grocer
ies. Cal) and see bow it is done, at the
south-west corner of the Public Square.
N. B. Fresh Goods arriving daily, 30tf
Salt Lake Peaches at S. J. Dutton Co’s
Call and see Trask Willard’s stock of
Furs before you buy. Only sls for a gen
uine mink set.
Three of the best Tailors in Oskaloosa
are working at John Lamb’s Tailor Shep,
and are turning out more work than all
the tailors in the country at present.—
Gents come in and leave your orders. 15
QUEENS WARE GLASSWARE.
Just arrived from England and Pittsburg
the latest styles and largest assortment of
Queenswaie and Glassware ever brought
to Oskaloosa. Come and see.
S. J. Dutton Co.
TOYS! TOYS!!
The finest lot of Holiday Presents in town
at W. E. Vernon’s Steam Bakery.
Casters, new styles at S. J. Dutton Co’«
A CARD TO OUR
To you we are very thankful for the fa
vors you have shown us in the past. But
now harvest is over, and the time for set
ling up is at hand, we would be very much
obliged to have you settle up your account,
as we are greatly in need of money to
meet our demands.
Yours truly,
S. J. Dutton Co.
FURS!
FURS!
FURS!
FURS!
FURS f
FURS!
FURS
FURS!
FURS!
We have just opened a large In
voice of Ladies’ Furs, the most suitable ar
ticle for a Christmas Present. We guar
tee our prices to be lower than any other
house can sell them. Come and see.
S. BALDAUF CO.,
West eide Square.
We have still a few BOOTS AND
SHOES left, to be sold at first Cost. Those
wishing Bargains in the above line, should
call soon at
One hundred thousand dozen eggs want
ed in the next thirty day 9, for which the
highest market price will be paid in cash.
3-4 Mattison Bro.
JUST ARRIVED.
Mr. Henry Licit one of the best Cutters
and Tailors’ engaged by
Morris L. Levi.
that you can buy Boots and Shoes at actual
cost at S. Baldauf Co’s., west side of pub
lic square.
I will sell a few head of Devon cattle—
very line bred—2 common milk cows, and
a dwelling house and two lots. Also 40
acres of coal land. Terms easy.
W. S. Edgar.
at least one dollar on a pair of boots, and
from 75cts to SI.OO on shoes, by buying of
Baldauf Co. They sell at cost.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale prices at
Baldauf Co’s. They are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale prices at
Baldauf Co’s. They are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
CO., OSK ALO OS A, IOWA.

W *1 Q 3
*i£g 5 o K
2 g. o’ B W
G 2 b* 2. Hi
3 S a g* g. 0
pq 2. 1 a SB
„£a g
0 o P B *cL 5
hrj 22
S 5«. S' g
b 3" s 2 5
f> 5- 5*
22 d s g b b: r.
Hi S H e
j fr cs
I g "p d a
no o s p a
3|5 S y
SGN3IILI HIIO OX HVSEA M3N Ad
My superior workmen can please in
style and fit the most plainly dressed
Friend or the most fastidious City Gent.
Morris L. Levi.
All persons having Grain to dispose of
will make money by taking it to
Mattison Bro s.
Don’t buy any Clothing till you examine
the Mammoth stock now arriving at
Morris L. Levi’s.
Pure Whiskies and California Wine
for medical purposes kept constantly on
band at BEEcnLEU Bros, east side of
square. Also cigars and tobaccos. 50tf
All kind of Ready Made Clothing New
from the Eastern Manufacturies daily ar
riving now at
Morris L. Levi.
M. Wilson.
REPORT
of the Condition of the National State
Bank at Oskaloosa, in the State of lowa,
at close of business, Dec. 16, 1871.
RESOURCES.
1 .oans and Discounts $184,841.49
Overdrafts 60.80
U. S. Bonds to (secure circulation 100,000 00
Other Stocks, Bonds and Mortgages... 10,555.22
Due from redeeming and reserve ag’te 20,382,49
Due from other National Banks 8,997.94
Due from other Banks and Bankers 11,747.23
Furniture and Fixtures 60.00
Current expenses 2,623,92
Taxes Paid 1,021.94
Cash Items (including stamps) 839.14
Rills of other National Banks 1,323.00
Fractional currency (including nickels) 756.20
Legal Tender Notes 14,050.00
857,16L87
LIABILITIES.
Capital Stock paid in ...$100,000.00
Surplus Fund 10,000.00
Exchange 1,175.27
Interest 10,140.66
Profit and loss 10,315.07
National Bank circulation outstanding 89,730.00
Individual deposits 136,600.37
357,161.37
State of lowa I
County of Mahaska, f
I, W. A. Lindly, Cashier of
the Nation al State Bank of Oskaloosa, lowa, do
solemnly swear that the above statement is true
to the best of my knowledge and belief.
W. A. LINDLY, Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to bclore me this 22d day
of Dec., 1371. JOIIN F. LACEY,
Correct—Attest: No tary Public.
Geo. W. llale, l
C, P. Seaklk, v Directors.
V. L. Downing. J
TAKE NOTICE.
On the evening of the 21st of 12th Mo., A. D.
1871, the Town Council of the town of Sharon,
lowa, unanimously voted that Ordinance No.
Eleven of the Ordinances of Sharon be and is
hereby repealed, and the following enacted in
lieu thereof, and that this and all former Ordin
ances take effect immediately.
ORDINANCE NO. TWELVE.
Be it ordained by the Town Council of the town
of Sharon, Mahaska county, lowa, that no person
shall have power by himself, clerk, or agent, eith
er directly or indirectly, or on any pretence,
or device, sell or in the consideration of the pur
chase of tickets, or any other thing, give to any
other person Beer, Wine, or any other intoxicat
ing drink, not prohibited by the law* of the
State, or shall keep a room or place where the
same is dealt out, he shall for the first offence
pay a fine of not less than ten dollars nor more
than twenty dollars, and for each succeeding of
leuce not less than twenty nor more than forty
dollars, and in all cases for violation of this Or
dinance thedefeudent shall be committed until
the fine and costs are paid.
A. W. Natlor, n. M. Fobtnby,
Recorder. Mayor.
SALE.
Notice is hereby given, that by virtue of a
General execution, directed to me from the
office of the Clerk of the District Court, of
Mahaska County, lowa, and dated Dec. 18
a D 1871,1 have levied upon and will offer at
Sheriff's Sale, to the highest bidder, for cash
in hand, at the door of the house in which the
last District Court was held, in said county, on
Saturday the 27th day'of January A. D. 1872, at
the hour of one o’clock, P. M., the following des
cribed real estate in Mahaska county, lowa to
wit:
The south-east qr of the north east qr of tho
south-west qr of section No. seventeen (17) Tp
seventy-five (75) north of range fifteen (15) west.
Taken as the property of Joseph J. Loughridgo
to satiety the above mentioned execution in Ihvor
of James Loughridgo, and against Joseph J.
Loughridgo.
J. W. HINES LEY,
16 Sheriff of Mahaska Coun ty.lowa
SHERIFF’S SALE.
Notice is hereby given, that by virtue of a
Special execution directed to me from the office
of the Clerk of the Circuit Court of Mahaska
County, lowa, and dated Dec. 22, A. D.
1871, I have levied upon and will otter at Sheriff's
Sale to tho highest bidder for cash in hand, at ths
door of the house in which tho last District Court
was held in said county, on Saturday the 27th day
of January A. D. 1872, at the hour ol two
o'clock p. m. the following described real estate
in Mahaska couDty lowa, to-wit:
The north half of the south half of the north
east qr of north west qr of section four, townshlo
seventy-six. north of range fourteen west
Taken as the property of Wm. Roberts 8r Wm
Roberts, Jr., and Marcus Roberts, to satisfy the
above mentioned execution in iavor of J Rhine
hart, guardian of minor heirs of A. J McMalnd
aasssar^
l# Hberia' oI MahwkaMaa^lowfi,
S. Bauldauf Co.,
West Side Square.
REMEMBER
BARGAIN!
BARGAIN!! BARGAIN!!!
YOU CAN SAVE
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ST. LOUIS BRANCH BOSTON TYPt
Some months since we announced through
these columns that the Boston Type Foundry had
established a branch at St. Louis, with Mr. J. A.
St John as manager. This new enterprise we
have seen spoken of in the highest terms by all
who have had dealing with It. and we now bars
before ns a specimen of the type therefrom, which
for durability, toughnese of body and beauty ot
linish, is not easily excelled. Furnishing good,
hard type, not given to brittleness, ws think Mr.
St John will receive many orders frem this see
tion of lowa. We advise printers about pure ban
ing, to send lor specimens of hi* type, and thus
judge for themselves. —Otkaloota Utrtld.
THE WORLD’S INTERNAL REMEDY.
JOHNSON’S
EEEUMATIC COMPODNQ
BLOOD PURIFIER.
Quick in its Action—Sure t in its Our*.
This medicine is the prescription of a world re
nowned French Physician, who used It in hla ex
tensive practice many years before offering It ta
the public in its present fora, bnt finally becom
ing convinced or its great curative properties,
and desiring to profit those suffering front this
terrible disease, consented to have it put up in
bottles and sold at the low price of ONE DOL
LAR. If necessary, we might offer the certificates
of thousands who have been cured by it, but the
beet recommendation we can give it is, a trial of
one, two or three bottles, which will certainly re
lievo the most difficult case, Try it and be con
vinced. We have advertised this medicine for
sale by Geo. C. Goodwin A Co., of Boston. A
cure or the money refunded, and out of near 600
bottles sold at retail, they have had bat 8 battles
returned.
laller’a Imperial Osach Syrup,
The “Imperial Cough Syrup” contains no spirlt
ous ingredient whatever, and may be used in all
cases not requiring active medical treatment.—
The Imperial Cough Syrup has been used for tht
last thirty years. Prepared by R' K. Sellers A Co.,
Wholesale Druggists, Pittsburgh, Pa., and sold
by all Druggists everywhere.
For sale by all Wholesale Druggists in Chicago.
tj lo symptoms ol Liver
Complaint are uneasiness
SIMMONS’ Sometimes the pain sin
the shoulder, and is mis
taken for rheumatism.—
The stomach is affected
with less of appetite and sickness, bowels in gen
eral costive, sometimes alternating with lax.—
The head is troubled with pain, and dull, heavy
sensation, considerable loss of memory, accom
panied with painful sensation of having left un
done something which ought to have been done.
Often complaining of weakness, debility, and
low spirits. Some-
times many of the above
symptoms attend the dla
____ ease, and at other time*
Ti T V Rmv very few of them but the
LJ 1 IJiv liver is generally the or
g&n most involved. Cure
the Liver with
DR. SIMMONS’
Liver Regulator,
A preparation of roots and herbs, warranted te
be strictly vegetable, and can do uo injury to any
one.
It ha* been u«ed by hundred*, and known for
the laet 40 year* a* one of the moit reliable, effi
caciou* and harmless preparation* ever offered to
the suffering. If taken regularly and persistent
ly, it i* sure to enre dyspepsia, headache, jaun
dice. costivenes, sick headache, chronic diarrhea,
affections of the bladder, camp dysentery, affec
tions of the kidneys, fever, nervousness, chills,
diseases of the skin, Impurity of the blood,
melancholy, or deprea
slon of spirits, heartburn,
colic, or pain:ia the bow-
KEGITLATfYR els, P 4in in the he d f
XvEiUULAIUXV. ver and ague,dropsy,
pain In the back, Ac.
Prepared only by
J. KK. ZKILI.V Sc CO., Druggists, Macon,
Georgia and 339 Arch Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
PRICE fl 00 BY MAIL *1.33.
For sale by Wm. WELLS, Oskaloosa, lowa. nIS
JM BUSINESS AGAJ^T
S. C. PURDY.
SOUTH-EAST GOR. SttUARE.
Having purchased the Grocery Store of
Whetstone Bros., I am again prepared to
supply all my old customers, and as many
new ones as I can get, with anything they
desire in the Grocery line. I keep on
hand a full stock of
S F
I A
p and N
E Y
GROCERIES,
STONE,
WOODEN WILLOW WANE
Choice Teas, Coffees Syrups,
PURE GROUND Sc WHOLE SPICES,
can ned FRUITS, EXTRACTS, BAK
ING POWDERS,
Smoking and Chewing Tobac
cos of the best brands,
All of which I will sell at lowest living
prices for
CASE, OR PRODUCE ONLY.
Highest Market Priee paid for all
kinds of Country Produce. Give
me a call and see what I can do for
you.
n!5 S. C. PURDY.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that there now on file
in the office of the clerk of the Circuit coart of
Mahaska county, lowa, the application of G. L.
Wh'taker for a permit to aell intoxicating liquors
in accordance with law, and the same has been
set for hearing on the Ist day of January, 1872,
and license granted unless good cause be shown
why it should not.
C. P, Suable, Olerk.
NOTICE.
State of lowa,
Mahaska County, f
To Lncinda Jones.
Yon are hereby notified that
on or before the Ist day of February, 1372, there
will be on file in the office of the Clerk of the
District Court, in and for Mahaska county, lowa,
a petition of John Jones, claiming of you a mod
ification of a certain decree and Judgment render
ed by said court at the February term thereof in
the year 1871, in a cause wherein said John Jones
was plaintiff, and you were defendant; and that
unless you appear and answer or defend thereto,
before noon of the second day of said Court, to
be commenced on the Third Monday of February,
A. D. 1872, a judgment will be rendered against
you, and said decres will be modified as pray id for
in said petition.
W. W, HASKELL, i
*nd V Attys for Fltff.
LAFFERTY A JOHNSON, J
857,161.87
pKOBATE NOTICE.
In matters of the Estate of S. D. Roberts, dec’d.
Notice is hereby given that there is now on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Circuit Court
or Mahaska County, lowa, the final settlement o I
B. W. Johnson, administrator of the estate of
said S. D. Roberts, deceased, and petition for
discharge as such administrator, and the asms Is
set for hearing on the 6th day oi Jan nary, 1872,
and settlement approved and prayer or petitioner
granted, unless good cans* be shown why it
should not.
C- P. SEA RLE. Clork.
-pROBATE NOTICE.
In matters of the Estate of John W. Davis, dee'd.
Notice is hereby gives thst there is now on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Circuit Court
of Mahaska county, lowa, the final settlement
and petition for discharge or Geo. W. Denver,
administrator of the estate of the said John W.
Davis, deceased, and the tame is set down for
hearing on the 6th day of the January term, 1872,
to be began and held on the let day af January,
next, and the final settlement approved and ad
ministrator discharged, unless wood cause he
shown why it should not.
C P Bbabu, Clerk.
NOTICE:
Notice Is hereby given that there Is on tie la
the office of the Clerk of the Circuit Court, la
and for Mahaska county, lowa, the petition af
Jesse Lafollett, for a license to sail Intoxicating
liquors in accordancs with law, and said cause has
been set for hearing on the Ist Monday, January
1, 1872, and ths prayer of the petitioner grunted,
unless good cause be shown why it should not.
C. P. »EARLE, Clerk,
NOTICE.
Notice Is hereby given that there Is new on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Circuit Court
of Mahaska county, lowa, the application of W.
W. Layman, for a permit to sell Intoxicating liq
uors in accordance with law. The same has been
set for hearing on the Ist Monday, Ist day of Jan
uary, 1972, and the prayer of the applicant granted
unless good cause be shown why It should not be.
C. F. BEARLE, Clerk.
JgSTRAY MARK COLT.
Taken up by Lydia Sweem, at her residence
in BeilefonUine, Scott lp, Mahaska countv la
on the 80th day of November, 1871. a dark mare
colt, two vearaold, left hind foot w\nte, no other
or brands, and appraised at S4O, beforeT.
smitn,
JJBTRAY STEER.
Wm Cl»rt»on at hi* farm In Mon-
T P> county. lowa, on the Bth day of
December, 1871, one small red eteer, supposed to
be one year old; some white under the Belly; end
of bash of the tell white. No marks or brands
Appraised at sll before D. Clammer.
C- P. BEARLE, Clark.
COW AND HEIFERS.
Taken up by L G Ruggles at hi# residence 1*
Adame Tn, Maha.ka county, lowa, eoi*
with leftnoiu .drooped, supposed to he ten nan
“I, Appraised at S2O. One white yevUv luSfot
with red on her neck, earn red, no ear marks.
tPhite^wfth'ied 1 heU#r •P* Ck,#d rod *o*
white, with red neck, no ear marks tnnnlisd at
sll, before A Hubour. J F •wraiMd
C.r. BEAJUtB, ClKk,
FOUNDRY.
C. P. SEARLE, Clerk.
FOR SALE, WANTED, LOST, <fcc.
A GOOD COAL II.BATING STOVE for sale*
Enquire at Howard Arnes.
TI7ANTKD.—Two thousand posts for a coal
W Bank. Enquire of JOHN BURDESS. 18
FOR SALE.—A derrick capable of lifting S,®oo
or 3,000 lbs. Call on A. T. Youno.
Four miles north of town.
FOR SALE.—A house, nearly new, with four
good rooms, and lot, West end of Maiu street,
(400 00cash. WM. HUNT.
FOR RENT.—A desirable house and lot to sent
in north-eaat part of town. For particulars
enquire of H. L. Spencer at wholesale grocery.
T OST.—A dark fur cape, on Sunday, Dec. 3,
JLj either in town or on the lowa City road.—
Please leave at this office or at B. Fitch’s resi
dence.
FARM FOR SALE.—Consist ng of 45 acres,
one mile east of Oskaloosa. Two story frame
house with 8 rooms, cellar, well, clsterr and oth
er conveniences; good frame barn and corn-cribs.
Buildings all new. For terms apply on the prem
ia* to 8. C. McCUNJE.
FOR RENT.-BUSINESS HOUSE AND RESI
DENCE—The property lately occupied by
Hkrald Office to rent; also pleasant residence
in east part of town, with 6 rooms, stable, Ac.
Enquire of GEO. W. LAFFERTY. 13wl
TOOK SALE.—A house and two lots In the south*
X 1 east part of the city, within four blocks of the
Square. Will be sold at a bargain and on long
time. Inquire at the National State Bank.
FARM FOR SALE.—I offer for aalo very low
my farm, consisting of 164*4 acres, lying in the
north edge of Harrison Tp., three miles from Os
kaloosa. on the Kddvville road. Good story ana
a half frame house, five rooms below, good cellar,
good frame barn, 30x48, well finished. Good
orchard in bearing, good well, etc. For terms
apply on the premises to
*-*y JOSEPH CARPENTER.
EDUCATIONAL.
OSKALOOSA COLLEGE.
The first term of the tenth session of this Insti
tution opened Sept. 18. with unusually favorabls
auspices, under the following able corps of in
structors
*F. M. Bruner, A. M., Pres.; G. T. Carpenter, A.
Prof. Eng. Literature and Nat. History A.
Hull, A. M., Prof. Ancient Languages N. Dun
shee, A. M., Prof, of Mathematics J. L Pinker
ton, A. M., Prof, of Nat. Science M. P. Givens,
Prin. Com. D. P. and teacher of Vocal Music T.
B. White, teacher of Telegraphing B. W. John
son- A. M,, Lecturer on Christian Evidences, and
Hermaneutics.
The ability of the above named Faculty, except
two is too well known to need special mention.
Profs. Dunshec and Pinkerton have both had large
experience and eminent success in Eastern Colle
ges, and have been chosen becaus of theeir su
perior qualifications for their respective chairs.
The College building has been thoroughly
renovated and refitted, the Apparatus has been
largely increased, the Cabinet and Library classi
fied in short, the whole Institution reorganized
and readjusted, so that it now affords superior
facilities.
CLUB BOARDING.
Among the new and attractive features of the
School is the Boarding Club for furnishing cheap
boarding. A commodious, neat dining hall has
been fitted up in the College building and dormi
tories for about forty students, fitted np in and
near ibe College building. Mrs. M. Chattarton,
for many years Matron of the Orphans’ Home.
Davenport, has been fortunately obtained to pre
side over this department. This alone is a guar
antee oi its success, and that it will be a pleasant
home. Students desirtng to avail themselves of
the benefits of this club, will pay about forty cts.
per week for room and furniture rent, if they room
in the building, and will have table board rnrnish.
ed at actual eost, about f 1.60 per week. Every
thing it furnished except bedding and lights,
which each student Is expected to furnish fo
himself. Those rooming elsewhere can have
table board in the club, the members of which
will, to a great extent, regulate tbeir own affairs.
Under this arrangement students can have good
boarding, fuel and sundries at about *1.90 per
week. For particulars or catalogue, address M.
P. Givens, Sec’y, or any member of the Faculty.
1-tf. M. P. GIVENS, Sec’y.
*Pres. Bruner will be engaged the next year 1 n
raising endowments, so that the Bible School
may be opened at the earliest day possible.
NEW ADVERTISEMEMTS.
ChicapaM its Destrnction.
A full and complete history of Chicago, her past
present and future. With graphic scones, inci
dents and full detail! of the disaster, by Geo. F.
Upton and J. W. Sheanan, editors of the Chicago
Tribunt. With over 400 PAGES, and 50 Illustra
tions. It is now ready for delivery.
Agents Wanted
ritory. Union Publishing Co.,
Chicago, Ills., or Phila., Pa.
CUNDURANGO
BUNA, KEENS Sk Flnld Extract,
The Wonderful remedy for
CANCER,SYPHILIS,SCROFULA, UL
CRES, SALT RHEUM, and ALL OTH
ER CHRONIC BLOOD DISEASES.
Is prepared from the genuine Cnnduraniro
Bark, from Loja, Ecuador, secured by the assis
tance of the authorities of that country. It is the
most effective, prompt and certain alterative and
BLOOD PURIFIER, known. Sold by all drug
in pint bottles, having on them onr name, trade
mark and directions. Send for circular. Office
and Labratory, No. 60, Cedar St., N. Y.
50th YEAR-
Hi Y. Observer.
*3.00 per Annum, Including Year Book for 1873.
SIDNEY E. MORSE, Jr„ 4c Co.,
3T Park Row, New York.
SAMPLE riOPTES ERICK.
Will M. Carleton,
t Author of
‘TBetsev and I are out,”
Edits and writes for
The Detroit Weekly Tribune,
The best Family Newspaper In the Country.—
*2 a year. Bend for specimen copy and club
circular. Address, THE TRIBUNE.
UNIVERSALISM.
Send for free sample copy of the Christian
Leader, a first class weekly jonrnal, published
by the New York State Convention of Universal
ieta, and containing tho sermons of Dr. E. H.
CHAPIN. Terms, $2.50 a ysar. Address, Pub
lisher I'hHitian Loader, 12SS Broadway,
New York City.
OVUKONK lll\lull' I>
Printed in TwoColort, on snp erb tinted psper.
Four Hundred EiigraTings of Flower*,
Plante and Vegetable*, with descriptions,
and
TWO COLORED PLATES,
Directions and plans lor making Walks Lawns.
Gardens. Ac. The handsomest and best Floral
Guide in the world. All for Ten Cent*, to
those who think of baying seeds. Not a quarter
the cost. 200,000 aold of 1871.
Address, JAMES VICK*
Rochester, N. Y.
AGEmimr":::
PARABLES
Of the New Testament. Practically Un
folded. The most elegant book out; profusely
illustrated with the finest full page steel engrav
ings. Agents report wonderful success. Send
for circulars and extra terms to Agents. Address
F. A. HUTCHINSON A CO-, 602 North Sixth St.,
St. Louis, Mo.
fl AWAKE
French Oil Chromos—subjects LIFE SlZE,—ox
quisite fac-timUee of original Oil Paintings,
GIVEN AWAY to every subsciiber to
r
NEWSPAPER. Agents having great success.
One took 1,000 names in 3 months; another 672 in
35 days snother 118 In one week one 47 in one
day. ana many others equally as well, making
from $5 and $lO to S4O per day. Takes on sight 1
An old agent who knows, says "I think It the
best business for canvassejs ever offered. Sony
I did not engage sooner.” Pay* bettor than any
book agency. A rare chance to make money.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED.
Intelligent men and women wanted everywhere.
If yon want good territory, send early for circular
and terms I J. B. FORD A CO., 27 Park Place.
Now York 11 Bloomfield St-. Boston Mass 2>i>
West Madison St., Chicago, Illinois.
lUnnTYQ househvld magazine
IT \J\JXJ O is offered free during the coming
year to every subscriber of Merry’s Museum, the
Toledo Blade, Pomeroy's Democrat, etc., Which
IsaiTe vTdenc eoL t a wor t h and popularity,
Horace Greeley, James Parton, Theodore Tilton,
SiSEww esq SEZZriS •■■■■ZnS
GeuHamMon, etc write for evsry number.
KBj J
In clnbbing, it offers three fffot-class periodicals
for tbs price of one of them. A variety of premi
ums on equally liberal terms. It is an original,
first-class magazine. Volume X begins with
HKS3B
Three specimen conies free. Address
S. 8. WOODTNewEurghTlL*^™*
Mils’ lisical Irani!
The Dec. No., price 20c., bas 19 pieces of vocal
and Instrumental Plano Music, worth $4 in sheet
form. We will mall two back Nos. for 50 cents,
four fer9oe., sr Jau. to Dec. *7l, for $2.25, (regu
lar price $3.) Bound copies for 1871, gilt sides
and sdgas, $5, Vhe mtaic la by Hays, Tbomat,
Klnkel, Gounod, etc. Address J. L PETERS,
5M Broadway, N. T. P. Q. Box M9B.
A compound of Cocoa-nut Oil, tic. Acknowl
edged the best promoter of the growth and beauty
eftlw hair, JffS. BUIHICT 00.. Bostou, Maas.
Sold by all druggists. Beware of tmifations.
♦4OK A MONTH. Horse and carriage furnished
Expenses paid. H. Shaw, Alfred. Me.
A VOID QFACKM—A victim of early Indie-
A. cretion, causing nervous debUity, premia
tore decay, etc., having tried In vain every ad.
vertlaed remedy, hae discavered a aimple means
of self core, which be will tend te hisfsllew»u£
ferns. Address J H REEVXB,TB Nsassla IE
THIRTY YEARS* EXPERIKMCD
in the treatment of
Chronic and Sexual Diseases.
A PHYSIOLOGICAL VIEW OF MARRIAGE-
The cheapest book ever published, containing
nearly 900 pages, and 190 fine plates and engrav
ing of the anatomy of the hnmanorgaas in a state
ofhealth and disease, with a treatise on early er
rors. Its deplorable consequences open the mlad
and body, with the authors plan of treatment—
the on It rational and successful mode of cure,
shown by a report of cases treated. A truthful
adviser to the married and those contemplatiar
marriage, who entertain doubts of their physical
condition. Sent free of postage to any ad
dress, on receipt of twenty-five ce.ta la stamps er
postal currency, by addressing D*. ra CROIX
&o.BL Maiden Lme, Albany,”*. Y. The XSte
may be consulted upon any of the diseases mmoa.
Detroit. Mich.