At “2“ “r/*/v ‘oi’;2% if? 7.7 _
:2. ‘2; A A M: big- 7w
VN .r “A; 37}: 3'3 ”QT
'i .Z“ 'M ,4. '‘7 {’7' 773 ﬂ :52";
4‘ G" ifﬁiﬁx‘” "43%,; «w; 7
W,
Vol.- 1-
PUGET SOUND DISPATCH.
rcnusmm EVERY 110513;! lama.
LARRABEE I. GO.
I’ubnsners and Proprietors.
TERMS!
Single Copy One Yuma... "$3 00
Six M0nth5..................200
Three .................150
S'ngle Number.. 12
Pay-bk Invariably in Advance.
RATES OF ADVERTISING:
One Square Ml 2 Lines, lat Insertion. 3?. 00
Eat-h Subsequent Insertion. l 00
Yr-arly and quarterly advertisements st the
lowest rates.
JOB PRINTING
0! every description done at the most reason
able rates.
AGENTS:
Olympia.... .Capt. Frank Tarbeu.
Np“; Yurk... ....Hudson Monet
l’wrtlaml. .G. W. Cannon.
Vivturia, B. C .Charles McCormick
l'urt annsr-nd, .Goorgq- Bax-[lump
I’urt Discovery" .M. McMahon
Snnlmmish City. .E. C, FPI‘L'IIKOIJ
Slaughtur. ”Joseph Gibson
OFFICIAL DIRECTORY.
KING COUNTY.
Orange Jacobs,. ...Judge of District Court.
David T. Denim. .County Judge.
vais V. Wyckoﬁ.. .Sheriﬂ‘.
Gardner Kellogg" ..Auditor.
lliver C. Shot-oy. .Treasurer.
George F. Whitworth. .Smeyor.
William H. Shoudy.... .Asseswr.
Josiah Settle. ..Coroner.
’Htm‘ Saar, Henry L. chlcr, and Francis Mt:
Nutt, County Commissioners.
CITY OF SEATTLE.
Inhn 'l‘. Jordan.... ....................Mayor.
George Mchnaha ..Clerk.
Charles H. Burnett. .................Treasurer.
C. (2. P<trkin5...................... ”Recorder.
1,. Y. “'yck0d............ ..........Marshnll.
Benn}; 8r0wn.... ...K.. .oin Printer
Frank Mathias. Corliss P. Stem, Amos Brawn,
Samuel F. Coombe', S. P. Andre‘ws, L. B. An-
vlrcws, Charles W- Moore. Councilmen. 1
f
m: MAILS.
A“ x‘hc Seattle .mns mive and depart as fol.
Lot‘ws
Urvgon, California. and Atlantic States, m‘a.
Olympia, Tacoma and Stcilacoom Arrive Mon
days and Thursdays, 6 o'clock, A. M. Depart 1
Tuesdays and Fridays, 10 P. M. 010.15 9Y. H.
Victoria, via Ports Madison, Gamble, Ludlow
and Tuwusvnd, Tuesdays and Fridays, 10 p. x.
111-part Mondays, 6 15 A. 11.; Thursdays, 5 15
A. M. Cluse (3 A. M. and 9P. :1.
antvnm, ria MukL-lten, Snnhomis'h, Tulnlip.
Cuuprville, (lowland, Utsalady, Lucouner. Fi
dnlgo and Szunish Arrive, Wednesdays, 8 P. u.
)L-purt, Mondays, 9A. x. Close 830 A. M.
Franklin, rm. White River and Slaughter
\x-rives, Wednesdays, 7 P. M. Departs, Tues
layq, 7A‘ M. Closes 6 30. A. M.
Snuquulmie. via. Black River and Squak Ar
rivchVednt-salass, Sp. u. Departs, Tuesdays,
I A. x. Closes 630 A. M.
Port Om-hard. via. Port Blakely: Arrives,
‘uesdays. 11 A. M. Departs, Mondays, 11 A. u.
[uses 10 45.
I “was MC swam. JOHN mum.
McNAUGHT LEARY.
Lttorn eys at Law,
Seattle, W. T.
Will prm-tivc in Supreme nnd District Courts
of Washington Territory.
JOHN J. McGILVRA,
Attorney at Law,
SEATTLE, W. T.
~Will attend to business in all an’lS of the
(-rritory. m
I GEORGE N. MC PONAHA. WALDO )I. YORK.
MCCONAHA YORK,
Jounsvlors, .flttoi'rwys, Solicit
07's in, Chnnncry, and Proc—
tors in, .1 (I 111-[7'o] ty.
OFFICES—NO.'E l and 2 Dispatch Buildings,
SEATTLE, W. T.
'W. M. YORK, Noun! Ptauo. 20
IRVING BALLARD.
Attorney (1’: Counselor at Law,
Steilacoonl, W. T.
DTfG. A. \VEED,
SURGEON AND PHYSICIAN,
Oﬂicn on Commercial Street, one door
north of J. R. Robbins’s.
Oﬂ-ice hours from 9 to 12, a. m., and
'om 2 to 5. p. m.
Residence on First street, two and
ﬁle—half blocks from Mill street, north.
[n27tf

“ENTIS T R Y
uR. J. C. GRASSE, DENTIST.
pFFICE UNDER MOORE'S PHOTOGRAPH
GZIJII‘I'F, on Mill Street, Sr‘attle, W. T.
I Solicits Public Patronage. Will Warrant all
Operations to give Satisfaction [l2“
A. Mackintosh,
Notary Publc and Conveyancer,
REAL ESTATE AND TAX AGENT.
Has a complete Abstract of Title to all
Lands in King County. Will attend to
the purchase and sale of Lands any
where on Puget Sound. Special atten
tion paid to the transfer of Real Estate
1d payment of Taxes. Patronage so
‘cited and satisfaction guaranteed.
‘Oﬂice with County Auditor, Seattle,
t aing (30., W. T.
00236
A? "rth West Land Agency.
ii
VALUABLE TOWN anm!
01% SALE—Sixty feet front
lng on the Bay, in the business part of
ttle. Inquire of
C. 11. IARRABEE CO.
SEATTLE, WASHINGTON TERRITORY, I\ION.DAY MORNING, DECEMBER 4, 1.571.
POLITICAL.
Another “New Departure.”
m DEMOCRATIC Pun mssormnze.
[From the Nashville Bonner. Demon-L]
If we say that we have hopes of the
success of the Democratic party in the
momentous Presidential canvass of next
year we deceive ourselves. If leaders
seek to prove, to our deception, by in
genious army of ﬁgures and false promi
ses, that the chances of victory are suf
ﬁcientto risk all southern hope upon
the repetition of the campaign of 1868,
they seek to prove what they know to
be false, and do it studiedly and selﬁsh
ly. The masses. who think, and read,
and see, and are possessed of enough
intelligence to interpret the unerring
truth of ﬁgures, will, in their hearts, be
unbelievers, though they speak it not,
and will mistrust the sincerity of those
who would recklessly deceive them.
There is no security against inevitable
failure save in the truth. Those only
who dare to be truthful, among the lead
ers of party or of public opinion, will
command the conﬁdence of the people.
Such a leader is the Missouri Republican,
which, convinced of the utter hopeless
ness of the Democratic ticket, frankly
advises the party managers of the op
position to make no nominations. Ad
mitting the force of this View which the
Republican, 3. leading Democratic paper
;of the West takes of the future of par
ties, the Memphis Ledger, nnother Dem
ocratic paper, says: “If matters pro
gress as they are progressing—if no
change come over the masses of the
North—the most hopeful Democrat can
not expect a. Democratic triumph next
year. And what can be done by the
democracy to bring about a change?
What new policy can it suggest that
would catch the popular heart. We can
imagine nothing. Others may be more
keen-sighted, and discover victory
through clouds of disaster. No matter
upon whom the radical nomination falls,
the party, now~ unquestionably numeri—
cally strongest, will, if he be opposed
by the nominee of a Democratic con
vention, vote solidly together. All the
Chase men, and Schurz men, Grutz
Brown men, and Greely men will go
with their party as against the Demo
cratic nominee. A party ceases to he a
party when it is not confronted by one
that is antagonistic. Without the an
tagonism which the Democratic party
opposes to the radical party, it would
fall to pieces. Then, would not the con.
servative elements of all sections and
parties ﬂow together as naturally and
linesistable as water
Most assuredly. Just as certainly as
if the opposing walls of a vessel ﬁlled
with water were suddenly removed, that
element, by natural laws, would seek its
level to be drunk up by the earth or
absorbed by the atmosphere. In Vir
ginia the Richmond H’hig, another
prominent Democratic reﬂex, says:
The results of the recent elections
will go far to convince all reﬂecting men
that the only reasonable hope of defeat
ing the administration party at the next
Presidential election is int: grand rally
of all the opposition elements under
new colors and with a ticket that liberal
Republicans who desire to get the coun.
try out of the war rut will support. If
the Democratic party takes the ﬁeld
with Democratic candidates the indica
tions are that it will be doomed to 3
Waterloo defeat. and that the great work
of paciﬁcntion will be postponed for an—
other term of four years. Such acourse
would drive back into the bosom of the
Republican party all the liberal men
who are now striving to organize an op
position to the present administration.
Much as they distrust and dislike that,
they distrust and dislike the democracy
more. It is clear that the majority of
the northern people—in whose hands
are the destinies of the republic—will
vote for no man whose election would
endanger whatrthey consider the legiti
mate results of the war. We see that
the bare apprehension of anything of
the sort brings them together at once
on the war issues, and sooner than haz-
nrd such a. contingency, they are ready 1
to abolish habcas corpus and all the safe- 1
guards of civil liberty. No careful oh- 1
server of the times and the popular feel
ing can fail to have noticed this pre
dominent tendency of the northern
mind. No wise man, no real statesman
and patriot, will fail to take warning
from it. and conform his action to it.
The elections in Pennsylvania and Ohio
proclaim the folly of thinking of one of
1 the old hide-bound politicians for a. re
:form leader. We must look elsewhere
for 21 Moses to conduct us out of the
worse than Egyptian bondage. We
must turn our eyes to Gatz Brown, or
Trumbull, or Davis, of Illinois, or some
man like them, who was with the gov
ernment in suppressing the southern
confederacy, but who still upholds the
'grnndessentials of individual and civil
liberty.”
Such are the Democraticfexpressions
of opinion from three of the most pop
ulous of the southern border states.
They realize that the majority of the
northern people will vote for no man or
party whose triumph would endanger
what they consider the legitimate re
sults of the war, and that is the reason
why the democratic party grows weaker
at the North with each succeeding ap
peal to the ballot-box instead of strong
er. and the reason why a Democratic
triumph in a national contest is not
within the range of the remotest possi
ibility. We will not either deceive our
ireaders about this matter, nor permit
others to draw the ﬁlm of prejudice and
false hopes over their eyes without at
tempting to remove it, so that they may
at "least see where they are going.
Whether it takes four more years- to
learn it. or a century, the result will be
the same.
A Good Platform.
Senator Schurz, in his Louisville
speech, read the following as aplntform
which he would like to have adopted by
the Republican party:
First- The protection of the right of
every citizen, in accordance with the
Constitution as it is.
Second-Jrhe discountenance of use
less ngitation of past issues.
Third—The restoration of fraternal
feelings and relations with the people
of the North.
Fourth—The dissemination of con
stitutional principles, and the inculca
tion of an earnest, abiding faith in the
genius of free institutions, and their
eventual success in all quarters of the
globe.
Fifth—The maintenance of law and
'order.
3 Sixth—The promotion and encourage
ment of immigration.
Seventh —The establishment of on ef
‘ﬁcient system of general education.
Eighth—The exposition of and strict
adherence to the principles of local
self-government and the promotion
among the p eople of those feelings and
convictions which will cause them,
through the operation of local self-gov
ernment. to establish a state of things
which will no longer furnish a reason
or a pretext for the interference of the
central government in local affairs.
Nine—General amnesty.
Ten— Opposition to repudiation in
every form.
maven—The modiﬁcation of the
present tariff system to a revenue basis.
Twelve—Reduction of taxation.
Thirteen—Civil service reform; and
Lastly, we pledge ourselves from this
time fownrd, to give our support to men
of uprightness, merit, and liberality,
regurdles of political antecedents, be
lieving that the time has come for all
men of progress to turn their backs
upon the past and to grasp manfully
the duties and possibilities of the
future.
The Story of Peshtego.
DETAILS or was rnnnmm msssrsn~
senses AHEB rnn man.
Peshtego Correspondence (Oct. 20) of the N. Y.
Tribune.
This letter to give it alocal habitation
and name, is dated where Peshtego was.
In the glory of this Indian Summer
afternoon I look out on the ghastliest
clearing that ever lay before mortal eyes.
The sandy streets glisten with frightful
smoothness, and calcined fragments are
all that remain of imposing ediﬁces and
hundreds of peaceful homes. This omi
nous clearing is in the center of ablack
ened, withered forest of oak, pine and
tnmarack, with a swift river—the Pesh
tego—gliding silently through the center
from north-east to south-west. Situated
seven miles from Green Bay, on the
Peshtego river, the town commanded
all the lumber trade of the northern
peninsula, and grew rapidly into im
portance as a frontier mart of Chicago.
Built by an enterprising but lately sin—
gularly unfortunate Chicago suﬁ'erer,
Wm. B. Ogden, the town had but one
purpose, to make money for its founder
and keep up the lumber interests. But
one industry breeds many, and in time
a railroad running seven miles to ‘the
bay connected the little city to the great
chain of lakes. Great foundries and
machine shops rose on the banks of the
river, and a busy mill stood in ceaseless
operation in the center of the town. 3
The banks of the Peshtego teem with
a rich and various growth of timber,
and a trade of years stood always in
prospective to her busy people. The
great Northern Paciﬁc Railroad was to
be tapped by a road even new building
to the place where Peshtego was, and
every hamlet and town in northern Wis
consin envied and admired the wonder
ful little city.
The keen eye of trade and speculation
was not deceived; population ﬂocked in
amain, and fully 2,000 people had estab
lished permanent homes. The site was
well chosen for beauty as well as busi
ness; the river at this point runs’through
‘a slight bluﬂ’, which breaks into a low
jﬂat before the stream escapes from the
borders of the town. The excellent
water power, as well as the lumber in
terest, had determined the spot, and a
mill was one of the ﬁrst establishments
in operation when the walls of the vil
lage began to rise. Below the mill the
ground on either hunk sloped gently in
tolow, pebbly ﬂats, which joined the
water's edge a few rods from the center
of the town. The business and resi
dence streets were wide and well laid
out; the houses prettily built and care—
fully painted, and little ornamental gar
dens were frequent.
The river cut the town pretty fairly in
wuin, the works and shops of the Pesh
tego Company covering most of the
northeastern shore, while trade and
business for the main part held them
selves on the southwestern W. The
site was, and is to this day, unmistak
ably a clearing. A solid wall of pine,
oak and tamaraok hedge in the desolate
waste even now. As it stood, the pretty
bustling village combined the orderly
enterprise of New England and the ir
repressible vigor of the typical Western
city." Roads cut through the forest
communicated with a long line of pros
pering lumbering hamlets and thriving
farms, to the west and south. The sur~
rounding woods were interspersed with
innumerable open glndes, of crisp
brown herbage and dried furze, which
had for weeks glowed with the autumn
ﬁres that infest these regions. Little
heed was paid them, for the ﬁrst rain
would inevitably quench the ﬂames.
But the rain never came, and ﬁnally
{valiant battle was waged far and near
3 against the slowly increasing ﬁres. In
this, as in other towns, the danger was
thought well warded 03‘ by the general
precautions. The ﬁre had raged up to
the very outskirts of the town weeks
before the fatal Sunday and the ﬁres set
outward to ﬁght the enemy. Every
thing inﬂammable had apparently been
taken out of harm‘s way on that memo
rable Sunday. One careful citizen
traversed the western ontskirt, and as
sured the people that no danger could
come from that quarter.
THE FIERY FURNACE.
The sharp air of early October had
sent the people in from the evening
church services more promptly than
usual. although numbers delayed to
speculate on a great noise and ado which
set in ominously from the west. The
housewives looked tremblingly at the
ﬁres and lights within, and the men
took a last look at the possibilities with
out; for many it is truly the last glimpse.
The noise grew in volume, and came
nearer and nearer with terriﬁc crackling
and detonations. The forest rocked
and tossed tumultuously; a ﬁre alarm
fell upon the imprisoned village, for the
swirling blasts came now from every
side. In one awful instant, before ex
pectation could give shrpe to the horror,
at great ﬂame shot up in the western
heavens, and in countless ﬁery tongues
struck downward into the village, pierc
ing every object that stood in the town
like a red hot bolt. A deafening roar,
mingled with blasts of electric ﬂame,
ﬁlled the air and paralyzed every soul
in the place. There was no beginning
to the work of rain; and ﬂaming whirl
wind swirled in an instant through the
town. There is no diversity in the gen
eral experience; all heard the ﬁrst inex
plicable roar; some aver that the earth
shook, while a. credulous few svow that
the heavens opened and the ﬁre rained
down from above. Moved hyacommon
instinct, for all knew that. the woods
that encircled the town were impenetra
ble, every habitation was deserted to
to the ﬂames, and the gasping multitude
ﬂocked to the river. 0n the west the
mad horde saw the bridge in ﬂames in a
score of places, and, turned sharply to
the left, with one accord. plunged into
the water. Three hundred people
wedged themselves in between the roll
ing booms, swayed to and fro by the
current, where they roasted in the hot
breath of ﬂame that hovered above
them, and singed the hair on each head
momentarily exposed above the water.
Here despairing men and women held
their children till the cold water came
as an ally to the ﬂames, and deprived
them of strength.
Meantime the eastern bank was
densely crowded by the dying and the
dead. Bushing to the river from this
direction the swirling blasts met the
victims full in the face and mowed a
swath through the ﬂeeing throng. In~
halation was annihilation. Scores fell
before the ﬁrst blast. A few were able
to crawl to the pebbly ﬂats, but so des
perately disﬁgured that death nﬁlst have
beeen preferable. All could not reach
the river; and even the groups that fell
prone on the grateful (lamp ﬂats suﬂ‘er—
ed excruciating agony. The ﬁerce blaze
playing in tremendous counter currents
above them on the higher ground, was
suﬂiciently strong to set the clothes
aﬂame, and the ﬂying sand, heated as
by a furnace, blistered the ﬂesh wherever
it fell. All that could break through
thestiﬂinglsimoon had come to the river.
In the red hot glare they could see the
sloping bank covered with the bodies of
those that had fell by the way. Few
living on the back streets succeeded in
reaching the river, the hot breath of the
;ﬁre cutting them down as they ran.
But here a new danger befell, The
cows, terriﬁed by the smoke and ﬂame,
rushed in a great lowing drove to the
river brink. Women and children were
trampled by the brutes, .and many losing
their hold on the friendly logs were swept
under the waters.
m m mm.
This was the situation above the
bridge; below. a no less harrowing thing
happened. The burning timbers of the
mill, built at the edge of the bridge,
blew and ﬂoated down upon the multi
tude assembled near the ﬂats, and in~
ﬂicted the most lamentable sufferings.
The men fought this new death bitterly;
those who were fortunate enough to
have coats, ﬂung them over the heads
of wives and children, and dipped wa
ter with their hate on the improvised
shelter. Scores had every shred of hair
burned'off in the battle, and many lost
their lives in protecting others. The
ﬁremen had made an effort to save some
of the buildings, and the hose was run i
from the river to some important ediﬁce.
The heat instantly stopped the attempt, 1
but not before the hose, swollen with 3
water, had been burned through in a
hundred places. .iithough the onslaught
of ﬁre and wind had been instantane
-10115. the ﬁerce, stiﬂing currents of heat
career-ed through the air for hours.
‘These currents were more fatal than the
ﬂames of the burning village. Ignorant
6f the extent of the ﬁre and the fright
ful combination of wind and ﬂame,
many of the company’s workmen, some
with wives and children, shut them
selves up in the great brick building
and perished in the heats of the next
half hoﬁr. Others on the remote streets
broke for the clearing beyond the woods,
but few ever passed the burning barrier.
Within the boundaries of the town and
accessible to the‘multitude the river ac
commodation whs rather limited, and
when the animals had crowded in, the
‘situation was full of despair. The ﬂats
iwere covered with prone ﬁgures with
‘lmcks ablaze and faces pressed rigidly
into the cooling moist earth. The
ﬂames played about and above all with
an incessant. deafening roar.
The tornado was but momentary, but
was succeeded by maelstroms of ﬁre,
smoke, cinders, and red hot sand.
wherever a. building seemed to resist
the ﬁre, the roof would be sent whirl
ing into the air, breaking into clouds
of ﬂames as it fell. The shower of
sparks, Cinders, and hot sand fell in
continuous and prodigious force, and
did quite as much in killing the people
as the ﬁrst terriﬁc sirocco that succeed
ed the ﬁre. The wretched throng neck
deep in the water, and the still more
helpless beings stretched on the heated
sands, were pierced and blistered by
these burning particles. They seemed
like lancets of red hot steel, penetrat
ing. the thickest covering. The evi
dence now remains to attest the incredi
ble force of the slenderest pencils of
darting ﬂame. Hard iron wood plow
handles still remain, perforated as
though by minie balls, and for the main
part unburnt. When the hapless dwell
ers in the remote streets saw themselves
cut off from the river groups broke in
all directions in a wild mania of ﬂight
and terror. A few took refuge in s
cleared ﬁeld bordering on the town.
Here ﬂat upon the ground. with faces
pressed in the sand, the helpless suﬂ'er
ers lay and roasted. But few survived
the dreadful agony. The next day re
vealed 9 picture exceeding in horror any
battle ﬁeld. Mothers with children
hugged closely lay in rigid groups, the
Iclothes burned OK and the poor ﬂesh
;seared to a crisp. One mother. solici-
Itious only for her babe, embalms her
lnnuttersble love in the terrible picture
ileft on these woeful sands. With her
Ibare ﬁngers she had scraped out a pit,
3aasthe soldiers did before Petersburg,
and pressing the little one into this,
she put her own body above it as a
shield, and when the daylight came,
both were dead—the little baby fsce un
scnrred, but the mother burnt almost to
cinders.
These hardy lumber-men are not wont
to exaggerate, and the perfect accord of
every story and incident conﬁrm every
episode of this tragedy. Faithful to
the helpless, a stout woodman carried
out on his shoulders one deadly sick of
fever. He burrowed for the helpless
body a. sandy sepulchre, and then be
gun the struggle for his own life. He‘
had lingered too long. and his scarredi
body was found near the refuge of the
man his heroism had preserved.
The tornado played through the desos
lated streets, and swept the river and
the lowland adjoining. The timber of
the mill ﬂoating down among the peo
ple, made additional labor and danger,
and daylight broke terribly on the satu
rated survivors before they dared drag
their cramped limbs from the icy waters.
The mingled crowd of men. women and
children, cows, and swine had held this
watery refuge since 10 o'clock, of the
night before. 0f the hundreds of hu
man beings that entered the waters, not
all escaped; the frightened cows tram
pled many under the waters; the blister
ing heat blinded many who groped
hopelessly -about in the current, and
ﬁnally sunk. To this day none can tell
how great was the slaughter in the we
tars. After the burning heat of the
night, a. numbing chill followed, and
the water soaked group crawled over
dead bodies and hot sands to the only
blazing building in all the waste about
them, Groups of dead were found
within a stone’s throw of the water.
Families rushing downward for breath
ling place had been blown upon by the
i rushing blasts and struck lifeless, The
‘ghas‘tly throng huddled, shrieking and
bewailing, about the ﬂaring embers. and
the terrible roll of the missing was soon
called from end to end of the nshen
waste. No vestige of human habitation
remained, and the steaming, freezing;
wretched group, crazed by the unutter- l
able terror and despair, plead with each
other to rcntorqrthe‘lost ones. The hot
blasts of the night had blinded mm
and they could but vaguely recognize 1
one another in the murkey light of the
new day, i
man TEE CONPLAGBAI'IOH,
Lang after the ﬂames had died out,
when there was no more to feed on, the
hot sands rendered moving about an
exquisite torture, and long into the 'dis
mal midday the survivors were conﬁn
ed to the narrow circuit near the river.
As the day were on, help came in slow
ly from the northward. Several rail
road gangs had escaped annihilation,
and one gang, led by an ex-prize ﬁghter
named Mulligan, came with prompt
ness and efﬁciency to the rescue
through miles of burning prairie and
blockaded roads. On Sunday night
something over 2,000 people were as
;sembled within the conﬁnes of this in- 1
dustrious, prosperous city; the dreadful i
Imorning light came upon a. haggard,
maniacal multitude of less than 700.
When the work of rescue began it was
found that a great number had escaped
by the bed of the river and the north
ern road to the port, and, as they ad
vanced, half naked stragglers, un
kempt and blaokened, began to stream
into the sparse settlement. As the
molten sands cooled off, the woful work
of recognition began. Peering into
blackened faces, mothers, fathers,
brothers, tremblingly sought out miss
ing ones.
Some, in the immeasurable anguish
of the moment, had dashed themselves
against the sands and let out the life
with their own hands that the licking
ﬂames coveted. Men, too distant from
the river to hope for rescue or safety,
had cut the throats of their choking
chiidren, and were found in groups
sometimes unscarred by the ﬂames. In
the streets, full twenty corpses were
found with no apparent Ilelry or
abrasion. Fatuous tradesmen, in the
sudden rush of ﬂame, ‘had thrown
their valuables into wells for security;
every well in the city was turned into a
ﬂaming pit, and the waters half evapo
rated by the heat. Survivors attest that
women and children, cut off from the
river, were put into wells and covered
with bedding. I have looked into every
well in the ash covered clearing, and
there is no possibility that a living thing
could have endured the ﬂames which
boiled and seethed in them.
For hours the unreasoning search
was continued by the furnished-dying
remnants, but to little avail; the dead,
when recognizable. lay where they had
fallen in the streets; where the houses
had stood the ground was whipped as
clean as a carpet, and all hope of iden
tifyinghnmanashes was idle. The next
night the long prayed forrain came,
gratefully to the living, and kindly to
the ﬂeeting ashes of the dead. The
grant dread which hovered over the bay
cities and towns was alloyed. and the
theatened danger nearly gone. Before
dark, help came to the perishing suffer
ers from 'the neighboring villages. The
wounded were taken by boat to Green
Bay, whence some were forwarded to
Milwaukee.
Prom nine o'clock Sunday night until
dusk of Monday may be taken as the
time of the main action in this terriﬁc
drama. By Tuesday the sweeping miles
of ﬁre had been quenched by Monday
night's rain. A slight drizzle still fur
ther aided the work of rescue. The
ravages of the one mght'e tornado left
unmistakable traces on every hand.
Through the solid growth of timber a
clean swath of blackened stumps and
roots marked the course of the ﬁery
tempests. The roads were cumbered
with roasted cattle, and frequently wiih
the carcases of bears and deer, while the g
ditches and cleared ﬁelds were strewn
with smaller game and wild birds.
Nearing the vicinity of sadder relics
were found, for those who penetrated
outward through the wall of ﬂame met
equally ﬁerce ﬂames in the clearest
places. Remote dwellers on the high
roads, warned of the great danger, with
their families safely packed on their
great farm wagons, made northward
through the highways for security; but
the ﬂames engulfed them in the heart of
the woods, and the fragments of stout
vehicles, burned to the irons, now strew
the road hither from Merlnette, the
last town on the Northern Wisconsin
border. The higher enters Peshtego
from the north, through a break in the
encircling belt of woods, where the;
pretty Episcopal debuts}; stood—rum last,
:to burn in the fatal piece. Even before
this was reached, a putrid heeatomb of
1 dead cattle cumbered the wooden street.
‘Among the pines, scores lay, not burnt,
No. l.
but smothered to death. Through this
underbrush. thirty bodies of men and
children were picked up, more or less
injured by ﬁre. In a good many in.
stances the human remains were dis\
tinguished from animals by the teeth
alone. One horn: stricken relative rec“
ognized the relics of his nephew by a
pen-knife imbedded in an oblong mound
of ashes. What does it avail to narrate
cirnumstantially the inexprcssible hor;
tors of these succeeding days, What
good to tell of the dead faces staring up
through-the waters; or the piteous cira
cumstanoel of a hundred heamwreneh‘
ing tragedies during and following that
treacherous Sunday blast? No moral
underlies the terrible story; all that
frightened human nature was capable of
came into play that dreadful night; the
slaughter resulted from no sin of omisa
sion or commission on the part of man.
No unseemly panic aided natural causes
in achieving; comparatively, the 001111
pletest devastation in human annals.
0n the contrary, superhuman energy
and daring were put into active opera:
tion to mitigate preternatural horrors,
The immensity of visible destruction at
Chicago surpasses the completeness of
this devastation, but Chicago, with all
its woes, has not two-thirds of its cit.
izens to deplore as dead.
With one of the men who passed
through that night of destruction I wanq
dered over the pretty rising plain where
Peshtego spread its thriving stores and
handsome houses. Save where the
houses were built with cellars, which
was very rare, there is no trace of a
former habitation. Here and there are
metallic remnants of sewing-machines
and cracked stones. The hardware and
3 drug store leave almost the only rennin.
‘ders of things that were—a. blackened
mortar stands idly in a wild confusion
of melted glass and lead, with the
pestle ready for a new decoction. Two
or three men with troubled faces were
moving about putting up a shed for the
Relief Committee. They answered
civilly and sadly that they had been in
the ﬁre, but saved themselves and near
est kin. They would have starved to
death if the outside world had not step.
ped in, and now hoped to be shortly on
their feet again. They despaired of the
bright, cherry little town ever being
again as it was, but complacently
“reckoned” if the scared ones didn’t
drive new-comers away by their silly
stories, that a new people would make
a. new Peshtego.
If you ever walked over the ground
where a camp has been burned, and
there are few who served during the)
War that have not. you found there as
much semblance uf a suhsmntzal city a:
now marks the spot where Peshtego'g
2,000 people carried on the business at
life a. few days ago. On the bank of
the river ﬁsh killed by the dustingﬂamg
are still to be seen, which the day after
the the were soft and white and an.
wounded. Crossing the frail remnants
of the bridge on timbers charred and
fragile, my neighbor said, “It was on
like judgment day had come as I can in).
ngine. Friend Hansen with his wife and
four children, believed ﬁrmly that it
was, and while the ﬁre rained down he
began to walk oomposedly up and down
his parlor with his family about himi
and I have never seen him since.”
The material loss is estimated at $3,:
1000.000, the greater part of which falls
ﬁm Wm. B. Ogden. who suﬂ‘ered simul
itan'eously greater losses in Chicage.
1 But undaunted by his accumulating
i misfortunes, that energetic man instant.
1y sent an egent on to rebuild the mill:
and shops, and gather a new people in
ithe place if possible. There are 400
Head enthentically accounted for: there
:erebesides 3*‘Sg‘gmnyr mllsing wha
‘cennot be mounted 5;, end hmliabl?
Yum:- will be. Many ofthe mm was
ﬁend Company employees were utter
strangers in the place, and the majority
of then}, something like 100. trusted m
the stout walls of the Company's build:
ing. perished en masse.
E? The New York Bulletin of Nov.
4th says: “The chief obstacle tothe
speedy recovery of Chicago consists in
the destruction of the land records it:
the County Court ofﬁces, Owners at
unencumbered real estate can neither
sell nor borrow money on their property,
Fortunately, the materials are in exist.
ence for supplying this deﬁciency. The
books of several real estate ﬁrmg
have been preserved. They contain
statements of nearly all the transactiong
in property that have oceun'edin the
city for the last 30 years, and afford mg:
terials for the establishment in the
Courts of Equity om bena ﬁde claimsi
As a. means for removing a. pressing in
convenience, it is proposed that the
State Legislature shell authorize the up,
pointment of special agents or Masters
of Chancery, who shall take evideucﬁ
and report to the'Ooux-tsen all claims,
:the decision of the Court to be ﬁnal in
each case. All that is really doeirablg
or necessary is to sweep away the W 11:
niealities mastoasoertaintheraal
owners of property and it is essential
that this should be accomplished a;
speedily as possible, as delay necessarily
{shards tlge. procass of recovery to a}.
313.13% “13‘“? Of all W‘