t
I
I j
l
fr
I
'r;
THE OSKALOOSA HERALD.'
Thursday, November 9, 1871.
Fakm Situation.— Read the card of Win.
T. Smith.
Query.— Doc L s, who was it They
lay it to yon.
Bring vour job printing of all kinds to
the Herald office.
Our Removal has been postponed until
next Thursday, lfith inst.
Come and see us in our new quarters
after next Thursday, 16th inst.
A valuable horse belonging to I) M.
OrxN died last Thursday night.
A writer on discipline savs it
makes bov« sm'. to use the rod.
Rev. Bra* ton will preach at the Nelson
school house rt-xt Sunday at 11 o’clock.
The next annual conference of the lowa
Odd Fellows will la- held at Cedar Rapids
Head the business locals of I. Frankel A
Co. Owtcoats. Fur Goods, etc., marked
down.
Lecture.— Hon. A. S. Kissell wHI lec
tore in the Christian Chapel, on Tuesday
evening, Dec. 12
Get ready tor winte* repair barns and
sto.rk she's ;hank up cellars, and sa\e pa
tience and cold fingers.
New Years Address. —Our carrier
boys wish to contract for a New Year’s
Address; who’ll apply?
Remember that the Herald office will
be moved to the new rooms nearly oppo
site our present stand, next Thursday.
If the man who borrotced John W. Allen’s
saddle from stall No 24, last day of the
county fair, will return it, no questions
will be asked.
The Register warns the craft against one
‘Read,’* who calls himself the “mysterious
man,” etc who ran awav from Dos Moines
without paying his bill.
Thursday, November 30, is Thanksgiv
ing Day. Every person in lowa should
be thankful they do not live in Chicago,
Wisconsin or Michigan.
Rev. J. R. Sage (Univeraalist) of Mitch
clviiie, will preach in Supervisor’s Hall,
Knnwlton's Block this (Thursday) even
ing. Come and hear him.
The Keosauqu* Republican comes to us
with new heading, size enlarged, neat clear
print, and making a good looking sheet
generally. It should succeed.
Josh Billings says “Eight won’t go into
six and have anything left over. Many a
young fellow has found this out by trying
to get a number six boot on.”
Five Newton shootists tried their hands
at trap-shooting, eight birds each, and
made the following miserable score One
killed fi, one 4, two 3. and on? 1.
I'lotting Pads of the best quality at
the Herald cißce in great quantity. Those
desiring will please remember. We will
print them to order at low rates.
For Washington. Wc understand that
Hon M. M. Walden leaves for Washing
ton next Monday, to he on hand for the
assembling of Congress next month.
We are pleased to learn that Rev. J B.
Hit. 1., presiding Elder of Oskaloosa Dis
trict, has moved to this city. He is a gen
tleman whom it is a pleasure to know.
‘‘Pretty Warm Evening lf you
know when you are well off you will not
ask Marshal “Buck” if it is a “w arm even
ing He is very “techy” on that subject.
Our townsman W. E. Shepherd, has
gone to Davenport to attend the meeting
of the Board of Trustees of towa Soldier's
Orphan’s Home, of which he is a mem
ber.
The Pella Blade sacs M iss Lois Martin
at present a teacher in the Public Fchools
of that city, will be a candidate for En
grossing Clerk of the House of Rep resent a
tl VeS.
Change *»f Time—Bv a new timetabb
on the f). V. road, the passenger trains
pas-i at Beacon at 1:10 p. m. This throws
t be snail from the west some two hours
later than before.
“Oskaloosa Coal” has a wide reputation.
Oar various exchanges in the coal less sic
lions have articles of commendation there
on. shewing that it will stand the test of
trial and still sell.
Religious.—Divine service on Sunday
next, morning and evening, in St. James’
church, on which occasion the rector will
have the assistance of the Rev. Joseph E.
Ryan, of Ottumwa.
Divorce and the Sequel.—Two of the
parties receiving divorces at the late term
of Court, were married again before the
session was over. “Off with the old love,
on a ith Mio new.’’
James Randal of Dahlonega Tp., Wapel
lo county, lost his residence bv tire, Sun
day week. Loss $3,000 to $5,000. No in
surance. He had a very valuable library,
all of which was lost.
The Sigourney AVtM-says A H. Hensley
of that town has been taken to the Insane
Asylum... .The young man Wallerick,
whose injury from shooting we mentioned
last week is recovering.
Lost.—l). W. Lupt.on lost SSO in bills
some days since. He thinks there were
three $lO bills and one S2O. He will pay
a reward of $lO for the return of the money
to him or to the Herald office.
The Andes.—W. W. Haskell comes
out this week with that staunch old com
pany, tho Andes of Cincinnati, which
atoo i the storm at Chicago and comes out
with flying colors. Read the adv.
Gko. W. Week 4 has returned to this
place and taken up his residence. Capt.
Searle appointed him Deputy Clerk, and
he has entered upon the duties of his office,
which he will well and faithfully discharge
Thec»rner stone lor the now Capitol
which is to be laid on the 10»h of this
month, has arrived at Des Moines. Its
dimensions are 3x3 by 7 feet. It was ob
tained near Independence, Buchanan coun
ty-
The Chicago Railroad Gazette, burned
out in the fire, hns been moved to New
York until arrangements can be made for
returning it to its first love. It is a good
railroad paper and should be well patron
iaed
),,r y un f friend Lieut. Frank M. Ella
W having honors heaped on hirn
.f W r ,l ,r tv Nebraska. At the late
V njide him Representative,
and now the Board appoints him County
Attorney J
Four men subscribing .1
'V r u »e Herald
lest week, to send to their friends, each re
marked, “This will make up f or u,„
,r ll,e m *n
who quit on account of too much i n tlle
paper about Mahaska county. That la
what we like.”
Friend Mit lick of Eddyville, who pos
sesses the historic curry comb of Chicago,
thinks we treated his “relic” with “too
much levity,” when we said it was “one
of a thousand.” Here’s our apology to the
relic, and “we don’t like hath.”
I resident Welch, of the Stale Agricul
tura liege, has prepared a lecture on
the subject-Are Improved Apes?”
Not being conversant wit., the pedigree of
the gentleman, and not particularly good
on conundrum*, “we gt ve aup
Removal. —Our announcement that we
would move our office this week, was pie
mature but we hope to effect the change
sometime next week, and will probably
begin the 16th.
Farmkrsville. —Again we notify the
Farmtrsville people to make some arrange
ment about their Heralds. Those who
have not ordered different will find their
papers at this office.
Personal. —Last Thursday we received
a call from Mr. Chamberlin, proprietor of
the Grinnell Herald. We found him very
much of a gentleman, and hope be will
always give us a wag of his paw when iu
town.
Blanks —We have all kinds of Justice s
blanks, such as Notices. Executions. Gusr
nishecs, Deeds, Mortgages, and Quit
Claims Blank Notes hound neatly in
hooks of 50 and 100 each, for sale cheap at
this office.
The Dubuque Tiutet put« it that “Our
exchanges which sported Chieaeo bowels,
look lean since the fire.” One of the vie
tims himself, in apologizing for issuing
only a half sheet gave as the reason that
his branch office in Chicago had burned
up.
Correspondents —Where are our rural
correspondents We want some one in
every township to send ns the news. Do
not he afraid it will not sound well. Write
it just as you would tell it. and if you think
it needs polishing up nm- will try our hands
upon it
The Agency City Newsboy warns the
craft against one Gus Burnham alias Gus
Allen, n printer tramp and showman who
lias been guilty of sundry iin-printcr like
tricks, —pi-ing a form at Fontanelle be
cause the editor would not loan him mon
ey.
Water Works. Davenport is to vote
on the 10th of November on the question
of negotiating a loan of three hundred
thousand dollars, for the purpose ot erect
ing water works in that city. Ottumwa
will vote on a $70,000 proposition on the
17th.
The Burlington Hawkey? says “Hon.
Win. Loughridge, after six years on the
District Bench and four years, in Congress,
has again opened a law office in Oskaloosa.
He is one of the ablest lawyers as well us
one of the most effective stump speakers
in the Siate.”
“J. W.” in the Eddyville Advertiser,
“predicts,” and gives the condition of vari
ous matters from A. I). 1800 to A. D. 2700,
at which time “everything hidden is to be
revealed,” “and crime shall be no more.”
He does not state wbt ther or no he shall
stay to see the this thus.
D. B. Clark, of Pottawattamie county,
sent specimens of his rye and wheat to the
late fair in California, and received an
"honorary diploma at the hands of the Bn
ciety. We hope to see some of Mahaska’s
farmers represented, should the offer of
this year ever be repeated.
We would inquire of Bro. Raymond of
the Hampton Press if he did not get the
“nub” to his “corn joke” on the wrong
foot. The man was not on the v.agon
j when the corn was weighed, but teas on
when the wagon was weigh 'd. Did he
j then sell himself? Should think not.
Chaplain.—We see that Capt. Bill
Phinney.at present at work on the South
western, has been promoted to the office
of Chaplain of a party of Tipton hunters
who spent a few days shooting on the lowa.
They also had an officer dubbed “P. W
C. T.” Don’t, know what use they made
of him.
Frank DRYOEN.onenfOskaloosa’s clev
er printer boys, for some time past era
ployed in Ottumwa, has returned, and in
parting with him toe Courier calls him
“one of their best hands.” Trank is a good
boy and shows his sense by moving to the
town in which she lives, thus saving rail
road fare once a week.
Another Gone. —Tue Muscatine Tri
bun*, started to run out the Journal., has
taken the olddepaiiure. It undertook too
large a contract, and died at it and the
Journal is still the Republican pap. r «>f ih<-
c .unty and city, and always will be, so
long as it tills the place so well as it does.
Newspapers can't live without something
to live on any better than anything else.
Fire.—Samuel McWilliams’ house on
West High street, has a fire place, which
not being usr d is boarded up, and a stove
pipe enters flic chimney above. Tuesday
night of last week .after the family retired,
the soot caught fire, fell down, s>. t the
heard on fire and hut for the noise of the
fire waking Mrs. Me., the house would
soon have bee? wrapped inflames. Anar
row escape.
Frank A. Snjdtr, aged 25 years, senior
editor of the Brighton Register, died last
Sunday morning, Oet. 29th. His health
had been gradually declining for two
years, and it was evident months ago that,
he could not hold out. much longer.—
The Mt. Pleasant Journal has a touching
and appreciative tribute to his memory.
The sorrowing friends of the deceased
have our condolence.
11 The Shady Side" is the name of a new
Republican paper started at Keosauqua.
(where there is need of but one. and poor
picking for it,) atul starts out by the extra
ordinary announcement that, the editor
has long had a desire to “run a newspaper
for the lun of the thing,” and don’t care
whether anybody patronizes it or not. We
once heard the expression, “A fool and his
money soon part,” and whether it is lu re
applicable or not, we leave our readers to
judge.
Calling turkeys is nothing to the way
M 'tshnl Buchanan calls up young scape
goats. f ate one night last week he got
after a couple of youngsters who had been
taking too much “varbs,” hut they evaded
hint, end lie couldn’t find them, so he con*
eluded to watch. It was not long until he
heard a low whistle which he answered,
and keeping it up every time it was re
peatc he called one of the young buck®
up until he could reach him. If is said
that hoy begged like u good one.
We see it reported tliat a Nebraska main
land we think It must be Charley Cro
ney Pink Bark or George Smith,) has
invented a powerful, double acting salve,
which shows powers never before exhibit
ed by Halves of any kind. The Inventor
accidentally cut off tiie tail of a tame wolf,
and immediately applying some of the
salve to tin- stump, a new tail grew out.
Then picking up the old tail, he applied
some of the salve to the end, and n wolf
grew out; but he was a wild wolf a/.d bad
to Ihj shot.
There are five candidates for Warden of
the lowa Penitentiary thus far announced,
viz E. A. Layton, of Grove Farm, Green
bay township, Lee county Martin Ik-isey,
of Mudiaon township. Lee c Minty R. W.
Pitman, of West Point, Lee county; Mr.
Davis, of McGregor, and Dr. Craig, of
Council Bluffs. We have no acquaintance
with any of the above named excepting
Warden Hkisky. Him we have always
found a gentleman in all reapeds, and as
an official his acts have always met with
public approval.
C. aug. llavjland, a citizen who never
saw un army, is “appealing” to the sol
diers to support him, because his paper,
The Soldier's Friend,” (a sheet used to
advertise hi* claim business) was burned
out in Chicago, The only claim he has on
soldiers, is that he collected their claims,
charging them to the full extent of the
law. If they owe him support for that we
don t know it. It any soldier desires a "sol
dier paper,” we recommend him to the
“NatiouaUHandard,” Washington, D. C.,
the Representative of the G. A. R.
To THOSE WHO HAVE BEEN BUILDING.—
We desire to publish a list of all the im
provements that have been made in Oska
loosa since Jan. Ist, last, and we know of
no way to arrive at the facts but to call
on all those who have made improvements,
to give us the amounts, with the size of
their buildings. Please attend to the mat
ter at once. We would wait on you iu
person, but there are so many we do not
know when the improvements were made,
that we tear our list would be imperfect.
Please baud in the amounts.
Buildings. —The “Herald Block” on
Main street is nearly completed, a portion
already being occupied. Gruwell’s new
building is nearly completed, and will be
occupied by Messrs. Cra'g Alexander
in a short time. Jabez Shannon has
been using his new brick f.;rsome time.
Jesse Thomas’brick addiiion to the St.
James i 3 nearly completed. Tile Foundry
and Machine Shop ofJ.C. Harrington aud
Th os. See vers are nearly completed, and
will soon he occupied. These and the
many other improvements this seasou
have added much to our city.
An exchange giving advice how to pro
ceed with estrays says “Any person who
•alies up an estray is rtquired to proceed
according to 1 .w. The law says that with
in five days from Hie taking up, notice
must be posted in three public places in
the township where taken up; must go
before a justice of the peace in the town
ship and make oath Unit the notices have
been posted, uud where; and that the de
scripfion of the animal was given, and that
no marks or brands have been changed or
made since taking up. After the above
steps have been taken then the appraise
ment follows.”
Hog cholera is indicting heavy damages
on Washington county farmers. One farm
er lost 80 si,oats ami 25 tit hogs, and oth
ers have lost, equally as large .ots. The
Press says “Alongthe river many farm
ers have been totally cleared out, and we
he rr of havoc in the north and northwest.
In some instances the skfn of the animal
cracks along the hack and peels oil' entire
ly, leaving il in pitiable condition. The
epidemic seems to be quite general, attack
ing creatures of fine blood as well as land
pikes, and ifil continues long the calamity
to our farmers will assume proportions
measured by thousands of dollars; for
hogs are one of their chief staph s. Mr.
Berij. Richer tells us that not one of his
lmgs has had cholera since be began to salt
them one.'a week, while his immediate
neighbors have lust theirs. He gives them
briny swill
To Prevent Haudits Girdling Trees.
—The Homestead contains the following
remedy or preventive. 1* was furnished
that paper by Mr. Lvnuyi who has used it
extensively “His orchard lies contiguous
to a close body of timber, from whence rab
bits were in the habit of coming in large
numbers and depridating upon his fruit
trees. After trying several modes to pre
vent their depredations, it was without
success untii he tested the virtues of the
vilest of fish oils. He says saturate a
rag thoroughly in the most crude and bad
smelling article of fish off. with which rub
the tree until perfectly greased higher
than a rabbit can reach. Do this in the
fall, and now is the time, when the rabbits
are compelled to seek the bark of trees f..r
food. In the spring he washes the trees
so oiled, thoroughly with soap suds. He
has never lost a tree ny rabbits, in r even
noticed a tooth mark on a tree since he
practiced this precaution.”
Hambletox. Kimball Longshore.
—Last Week when we mentioned the above
firm we were not nware they contemplated
adding Dn Goods to their stock. Such is
their intention, and the trout room on the
corner inis been fitted up to that end, the
grocery store being moved to the room in
the rear. The Dry Goods stock of Levi
Hambleton will lie moved over at once,
and that gentleman has gone east to lav in
a new stock. Tins firm is composed of
men who have been but a short time with
us, yet have til gained the confidence of
the public by their fair dealing. Mr. Hum
hie:on who bought out Goo. I). Cook
Co., is one of the atly settlers of Sugar
Creek Tp., Poweshiek county, where he
has been in business many years. Mr
Kimball was a partner in the firm of J.
>V. Walton Co.,and came here over a
year since from Pennsylvania, and Mr.
Longshore, late landlord of the Bancroft
House, came f. >ni Philadelphia last spring.
It forms as rong firm, and vviil command
pat ronage.
Railroad. —The Aibia Union of the 2d
says “President Gilman has been in St.
Louis fora few clays just, feeling the pulse
of ih it city, to ascertain what her business
men are villirg to do to secure the com
pletioii of the Central. On Saturday last
he addressed a large railroad meeting, on
*hr advantage l to St. Louis of'opening up
direct communication by rail, with the
h art of lowa and Minnesota, and the im
portance of obtaining aid in the city for
tha completion of the remaining twenty
seven an;i a half miles of the road. He re
quested that committees be ppointed to
canvass the city for subsc iptious to the
stock of the road. Tie request was grant
ed, and Messrs. R. O. Slanard, Mr. Fagin,
Judge Currier and C. C. Gilman were ap
pointed as a general committee to visit the
heaviest capitalists. Other committees
were appointed to canvass the different
parts of the city. The canvassing was to
be commenced on Monday. We have not
learneJ what success attended their labors.
Mr. Gilman informs us Fiat he asks only
$30,000 from the citizens along the line
from Aibia to Moulton to assist iu finish
,ng up the road. Wo ask our Moravia
friends to stop, for the present trying to
talk up a new road, to “return to iheir first
love,” and do ali they cun to assist in com
pleting tin* Central. Tnis is no doubt tbeir
best hold for getting a road. As far as Al
bia is concerned, we can only judge the
future by thi past. She has never yet fa.il
d to do htr pari in building railroads."
Advertising —Thgre is a “knack” in
advertising as well as every thing else. We
often hear publishers saying “\v« have
been swindle iby taking this or that ad
vertisement,” and we cannot help saying,
good enough for von.” If a stranger iti
New York or Wisconsin should send an
•lder to one of our merchants for goods to
tie sent to him, without the pav, would
v>u not think him a fool to send the goods?
Yet you answer the circulars sent you
from eastern udventurers by inserting
(heir ads without the pay in advance. As
long as they can get dupes to do their
work, ihey will never pa!ronize an agency
or pay the money to a publisher. Another
swindle is that of publishing for "due bills.”
An advertiser has something worth §2OO
i Piano, Melodeon, or something of the
sort, and lie sends you a circular stating
that if you will give him §2OO worth of ad
vertising at n gular rates, and §2OO in
money, he will send you one ofthe articles,
which he marks up to §4OO or §SOO. If
he could not find dupes among the pub
lishers, he woul l be compelled to go to an
honest agency and piy his money which
would again find its way to the press. The
agencies are not all, by any means to be
trusted; out of scores we have received
cards from, we do not know of half a dozen
we would trust. Geo. P. Rowell tfc Co.,
and 8. M. Pettingill Co., N. Y., and
Cook. Coburn Co., Chicago,are r liable,
and we hive always found gentlemanly
and honest. When publishers quit giving
away their space to these foreign swindles,
fake in ads. of well known homo patrons,
even though they must drop their rates,
quit lyiruj about their circulation- claiming
1200 when they work 25 quires, uud get
to charging tiie same price, to all then will
advertising be more remunerative. Work
first to get a circulation, and after that you
have no trouble to get ads. aud whatever
you do, never take foreign ads at lens than
home ones. Have one price and stick to
it.
The Fairfield Ledger says
•'Whisky Straight —The famous “Hostetter's
Bitters” has been indicted ns whisky straight by
the District Court of Mahaska couuty the past
week. Whisky in several of its various disguises
was before th Court, and no mercy was shown
that which shows no mercy.”
Insurance —Dumont Bros, have an ad
vertisement of the Springfield, (Mass.) Fire
Insurance Co., which makes a good show
ing, having weathered the storm at Chica
go without material damage. By the way
we made a slight mistake of over $40,000,-
000 in their Insurance adv. of last. week.
Read it as corrected.
Oskaloosa Post Office,
Oskaloosa, lowa, Nov. 3,1871. j’
The Postoffice at Farmtrsville. lowa,
has been discontinued, by the Postmaster
General, for the reason “Not needed,” and
I am directed to open, deliver, and account
for the mails addressed to the late Farmers
vibe Post< ffioe. Persons who have been
in the habit of getting their mail matter
there, will please govern themselves ac
cordingly. W. II Needham. P. M.
Marion County. —The Voter says Mr.
Rnple of Clay Tp., showed us last week a
spring that made its first appearance last
summer mar his house, where he has lived
24 years. During the late dry weather it
lias supplied an abundance of water
The editor of that paper has an apple six
inches in circumference, a second growth
for this j T esr, and it grew on this year's
wood. The sicond blossoms esme on the
tree about the time when the first apples
ripened and now there are blossoms on
the tree again for the third time this year
We confess to never having heard of the
like before Tames Welch was returning
home from Attica, when the horse he was
riding fell, throwing Mr. W., his foot re
maining i a the stirrup. The horse ran a
considerable distance, dragging Mr W.,
and striking his head upon the ground and
other objects, cutting his head and face se
verely, and bad not his boot come off’, by
which means his foot was released, it is
probable that he would have been fatally
injured The Democrat says that by an
upset of R N. Hale’s wagon, one daughter
had both arms knocked out of joint, the
other having oue ..Burtis Boydston fell
and dislocated an ankle joint A 16 year
old boy named Miley nearly severed his
foot with an ax while chopping wood
Henry Burgett had his arm broken while
walling a well by the earth caving in on
him... .An 18 year old daughter of Kosea
W. Groom of Prairie City, formerly of Ma
rion county, became insane on Spiritual
ism and was sent to the asylum On
Thursday last, whilst Jacob Utzler, a boy
aged 15 years, together with another young
man, were gathering corn opposite Red
Rock, in Union Tp, another young man
who had been hunting came along, and
after wrapping a coat around the lock and
butt end of his shot gun, deposited it in
the waeron, the muzzle pointing to the rear.
Iu throwing in corn, an ear struck the
lock of the gun in such a manner as to
cause it to explode, the charge passing out
through the rear end of the wagon, and
entering the body of young Utzler, some
shot entering his thigh, some his groin and
oth( rs passing through his testicles.
•M asui a< xi:king Associations.— Coun-
cil Bluff’s had a’meeting of her prominent
citizens and business men and organized
the “Council Bluffs Manufacturing Associ
ation,” the object of which is to encourage
and assist persons desiring to engage in
manufactures at that place. Gen. G. M.
Dodge was chosen President, and Judge
Caleb Baldwin is a member —heavy one of
course. This is just what every tow n the
size of ours needs. An association with
capita! to back it, that can induce others
to bring in capital to engage in some kind
of manulacturing business :hat will give
employment to many laborers, and also to
assist and encourage the manufacturers
we already have, that are struggling for
an existence, and doing but a tithe of the
good they, in igbt if the proprietors were
assisted by a lew of the numerous thous
a nds not c mploy ed other wise. We present
ihe matter just as we see it, and “we have
been there,” to use a slang expression. A
great many of our business men, mechan
i and manufacturers, are men of no mean
business qualifications, men who can at
tend t their own business, (and that is a
grand achievement) men who have all their
capital employed in their business, and
running then much in debt, and always
cramped for facilities to accommodate the
public demand ia their lines because tJ.ey
Juice not the means. Especially is this true
of manufacturers who have everything in
vesied in their business, and yet see where
they could double its profits if they only
had a few thousands to increase the facili
ties. Of course when we say for an Asso-
ciation to furnish them with funds we do
not mean to give it to them, neither do we
mean to loan it to them without interest,
but to form with t Ivin a joint stock
atioo, of which the present proprietors, or
new men, as the case may be, shall be the
managers, or form party thereto, or such
other arrangements as may be made. For
instance there is a manufactory here with
a capital of §5,000 that is well managed by
the present owner. The association puts
in §5,000 more, doubles the business and
le aves him in control, dividing the profits.
Then we need this association for another
reason. Often men desire to coine to a
place to establish a business without any
pecuniary aid. Men of capital, who be
fore coining wish to know something
about the town and country. Such an as
sociation could furnish them all the data
n* tided. look up a site such as required and
approx ini ate the cost, thus encouraging
the man to make this his point by the in
terest taken in him as a stranger. We
would hke for Oskaloosa to have such an
organiz -.lion.
PROCEEDINGS OF SCHOOL BOARD.
Oskaloosa, lowa,
Nov. Gth. 1871.
Regular meeting. Present: Hunt, Smith,
Siebel and Wells. President Hunt in the
chair
The Secretary’s b >nd was preseo ted,
read, an i >n motion was an d Ac
ceded, and ordered to be tiled with Presi
dent Hunt.
On m >tion the following bills ware al
lowed, nod the Secretary authorized to
issue orders on the Contingent Fund for
the several amounts, viz
Geo. Thoma* ci'g room*. &c., G. R. 8.11 ft a no
Gilchrist, fori cord of wood 3 00
Fuller, Wan en Co., freight on furnace*.. :2 >3
M hardware a* per bill from G. ,fc A. 4-0
John Waggoner for 12 foul air *lidr* 4 so
John 11. Dumont, for numeration of Dmt... x 5 00
lud. School District of Oskaloosa, v* W. M.
M<-<lcalf. ruit on account.
M. T. William* a* Att'y and docket fee in
above cane* 11 50
The Attorney in the above case turned
over to the Secretary two notes, one for
§2OO, and one for §7O at 10 per cent, inter
est nntilpaid, both dated April 3, 1871, the
§7O due Oct. 1, 1873 and the other due Oct.
1,1*74.
<)n motion the Secretary was instructed
to turn over said notes to the Treasurer,
lake his receipt for the same, and to charge
to his account the amount of the notes at
maturity.
Tiie following hills were read and re
ferred to the Financial Committee, viz
Cook. Thomas Co for bolt* 125
J. A Young for ground rent for S. 11. for 'G9 *ls 00
L. 8. Purry for painting and graining 14 65
On motion of (Smith, Mr. Hunt was di
rected to surrender and take receipts for
tiie Insurance Policy on the new 8. 11. in
the Republic of Chicago, (§5,000) and in
the Merchants of Chicago, (§2,500.)
On motion the following accounts were
allowed, aud the Secretary authorized to
audit the same
Cook <fc Hunt for $5,000 Insurance Policy
for 1 year in Phoenix of Brooklyn on
new School House $37 50
Dumoi.t Bros for a Policy or $1,500 in
Franklin of Philadelphia lor 1 year, on
New School Uon*e 18 75
On motion the following resolution was
unanimously passed, viz
Resolved, That the Superintendent ofour Pub
lic Schools be and is hereby instructed and re
quired to report to thi* Board any neglect on the
part of any teacher to comply with any regulation
or rule of the school or any requirement of this
Board.
The minutes were read aud approved.
Oj motion adjourned.
W. Burnside, Sec’y*
The Ottumwa Courier thus speaks of a
gentleman who recently selected Oskaloosa
as his home
“Dr J. 11. Wiley.— We notice that Dr. J. H.
Wiley has removed from thin city to Oskaloosa,
lowa, where he £oes into practice. Dr. Wiley
during hie practice In this county, received the
praise of a goodly number of our citizens for his
proficiency and lor several rati.er wonderlul
cures. We hope he may succeed In his new
home.”
“About the Editorial Excursion John P. Irish
has this to say “Pat us down for four, Junk.
We will certainly go that far around the world
about that time, provided Tom Scott will agree to
plug the horns of all the brass bands on the U. P.
road.” Don’t some of our exchanges think of
some pleasant retort to make iu favor of the
“horns?” We do, but we won't say it.”—Fair
field Ledger.
Any one present on the St. Louis excur
sion, who heard that stereotyped bazzoo of
Irish’s shoot off, can easily supply the oth
er plug reterred to by Junk.
The Aft-.iu Tnbnne has the following
note
“In Decatur county, the whole Republican tick
et is elected in 1865. Mr. Hale, now of the bank
ing firm of Richards Hale, of Oskaloosa. left
Leon for Ottumwa He had on hand a barrel of
pine tar. This he presented to the Chairman of
the Republican Central Committee of the county,
with instruction that tt should be kept until the
Republicans should be able to elect their entire
ticket in the county. Then they were privileged
to use the tar for a bon fire. The bon fire was to
take place on last Friday night. Mr. Hale was to
be present. We wait results.”
And that is all we know about it.
Unmailable Letters- Not Stamped
List of Unmailable Letter* remaining in Oska
lcosa Poetofflce, Wednesday, morning Nov. 8,1571
L. S. Wood, Columbus, Ohio.
Jason Green, Newton, lowa,
Home Insurance Co., Washington lowa.
Rev. J. d. Armitstead. Beacon, lowa.
•J. W. Hampton, Mt. Pleasant lowa.
W. 8. Gray, New Jefterson lowu.
Mr. Banner, Hillsdale, N. H.
Parties desiring to stamp these letters can do so
by calling before 8 o'clock, next Saturday night.
W». H. Needham, P. M.
Eds. Herald —At a regular meeting of
the Washingtonian Temperance Society,
the following officers were elected Pres
ident, Rev J. F. Childs; Vice President,
Rev. S. C. McCune; Secretary, J. B. Mc-
Curdy Treasurer, J. N. Miller. The next
meeting will be held at the First Presby
terian church on next Monday evening,
13, commencing promptly at 7 o’clock.
Howard Hillis will deliver a lecture ou
temperance before the association. Let
every friend of temperance arid all others
who feel disposed come out, and let us rea
son t igether as to the most efficient means
of arresting the progress of intemperance
in our midst. Oskaloosa never needed
consistent, earnest workers more than
now. Ministers of the several churches
in the city will please give notice of the
meeting to their congregations.
THE GREAT CHICAGO FIRE.
Klsewhere In our columns will tie found an ad
vertisement oi a new book published by the Union
Publishing Co., being a complete picture of Chi
cago before and after the Great Conflagration.—
The author* embrace the best talent the city af
ford Mr Upton being the Literary Editor of the
Chicago Thibune, and Mr. Sheahan, the Editor,
each with hie part to perform, ie eufficient evi
dence that the work will be well done, and not
too hastily. In this reaped, this book will be
far ahead of anything that bae, or will appear,
and all who want a correct htetory, will find in
this something that they can hand down to fnture
generations.
The work will be fully illustrated by the beet
artists, to which will be added a correct map of
the city, and mechanically, as well as historically
the book will be second to none
Our readers will find some'bingin this, with
out doubt, that will iuterest tin m and also be
beneficial. We bespeak Tor this book a sale,
both ot home and abroad, inilv as large as an
American bonk can possibly obtain.
COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.
Called Mektino
Nov. 6, 1871.
Present, the Mayor, Conncilmcn Rounds, Mat
tox, Hurst, Huntsman, and McQuiston.
The Mayor stated that the object of the meet
ing was to take some action in regard to prison
ers’ labor on the streets.
Councilman Huntsman moved that the prison
ers' labor be received ns tendered by the Sheriff.
Carried.
Upon motion of Councilman McQuiston, J. W.
O'Cain was appointed :o take charge of prisoners
while at work on the streets.
A petition was presented, signed by Leighton,
Needham Leighton, Downing McMullin, and
Lord Carpenter, for an eight foot sidewalk on
the east side oi Washington Street, from north
side of High street running south to Harrison St.
Upon motion the petition was referred to Street
Committee.
A petition signed by many of the business men
of tbe city requesting that the CoudcU appoint
or have employed two night policemen was pre
sented.
Upon Motion Council adjourned
Geo. 11. Bauuh,
Eraxk Kei.lv, Mayor.
Clerk.
Worcester’s English Dictionary.
We have received from Messrs. Brewer Tiics
ton, of Boston, “A Dictionary of the English
Language, by Joseph K. Worcester, LLD.,” in a
magnificent quarto volume of 1.554 page*. The
fire* appearance of this work, ten year* ago, was
an era in English Lexicography.
It wag the first English dictionary which had
any claim to be regarded a* a presentation of our
entire mother tong nc,ae it exi*t* in the epeech
and literature of the century, as a fact, and apart
from all theor'e* and device* for improving it.—
In this point of view it wa* welcomed heartily by
scholar*, and through their influence rapidly
gained favor among the people so that it became
almost at once the generally acknowledged stan
dard of correctness, bo: h in speaking und writ
ing, both for the form and for the meaning of the
word. It has now been long enough in use, by
thousands of critical minds, to have been tested
thoroughly at every point; and it is saying far
less than might be sustained to say that it has
fully sustained its pre eminence.
A detailed review of such a work is of course
impossible here, and could only be undertaken
properly by one who should revise it for a new
edition. Such a revision will be needed at no
distant day ior although there is no point in
which the superiority of thi* to every other Eng
lish dictionary is more unquestionable than in
it* etymology, yet the more careful and thorough
study of this subject in late yeate has created a
demand for a still more scientific and accurate
digest of the results already obtain ed. Many of
the etymologies here given are incomplete or un
satisfactory some, but very few, can be positive
ly called erroneous. But the true value of such
an entymological account of each word as can be
given by a general dictionary of the language
does not seem to have been kept clearly in view.
Thu* curious analogies, speculative derivations,
and isolated comparative forms in sister tongues
have a very limited value in such a work- The
object oght to be to give, in the most general
outlines, the history of the word indicating in
the rough, at least, how it came to have the form
and meaning it bears
Dr. Worcester’s book is always suggestive aud
interesting oil this head otten full and nsnally
accurate, but it i still far beyond the ideal of
an English Lexicon and much labor must be
given to the incorporation in it ofthe best result*
reached by the recent students of the language,
before we have in English a work which can rank
with the best dictionaries of the classical tongues
or even with those of the French and German.
But the more practical value of such a work de
pends more upon other features thau upon it*
etymology. It is con suited, „in nineteen cases
out of twenty, to determine either the meaning,
the spelling, or the pronunciation of a word.
In the first ot these uses, definition, Dr. Wor
cester's dictionary, has a formidable rival in the
later improved editions of that of his predeces
sor. Dr. Noah Webster. There are a great many
words to a critical mind, better defined in the lat
ter work which, indeed, exhibits throughout
much more ingenuity in detecting and exposing
shades of meaning. This ingenuity, however, too
olten finds distinctionajwhcre none exist in us
age itself; and, at best, becomes tiresome, if
followed for a time in practical use while in a
familiar acquaintance with Dr- Worcester's work
from the time of its first appearance, we have
*ound it in scarcely an instance wanting in any
good meaning of a good word,
In spelling and pronunciation this book stands
alone. There is nothing with which It can fairly
be compared, far there is no other known in this
Country approaching it in comprehensiveness,
which has any claimi to authority in these re
spects Without opening in this paper, a con
troversy which can, at best, be interesting to but
a small portiou its readers, it is lair to say that a
dictionary of any living language, ought raiher to
represent what It is, s ban what it tends ta become
—ought to be a conservative power in it, rather
than a radical one. It is the business of the
faithful lexicographer to report facts, and if he
mixes up hi* own theories with his report, he
diminishes its value and destroys its antbority.
Dr. Worcester's aim has been to present the form
of words, both as written and spoken, according
to the preponderance of usage among the best
writers and speakers and where that usage is
divided, to say so without attempting to turn the
scale. This work he has done incomparably bet
ter than ary one else before him or since; and
until that distant day when some able scholar
with a still longer life and a still greater tndua
try, if these be possible, or at least with more
numerous and efficient assistants, shall have de
voted incredible labor to tba production of a more
complete one, his dictionary is likely to remain
i» substance, the stand of th English Language.
—JF. y. JCvtning FoK,
DIED.
BARACKMAN—Of Dlpthcria, at Dc» Mo nes,
October 10, Kva, daughter of John and Annie
Barackman, aged four year*, ten months and five
days.
One little angel more
Singing with voice* iweeti;
Flinging her crown of gold,
Down at her Savior’s feet.
Free from all earthly care.
Pure from all earthly stain
Oh who could wish her back
In this drear world again.
Personal. -We were pleased to receive a
call during the past week, from Dr. Ayer's trav
eller, who was in our town devoting his time and
attention to the preparations of the great medi
cine man Tnis call has become a pleasant an
nual to us from the able and reliable character of
the accomplished gentleman whom this firm
send out to transact their business. No house
is better known or valued by the press for its
promptness in settlement than the well estab
lished and popular J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell,
Ma-s., whose medicines have become a house
hold necessity, and won the confidence and
praise of all. Our own acquaintance with them
extends over a scries of years and we have in
variably found them, their travellers and their
medicines worthy of the commendation tney ev
erywhere receive.—[Jackson v Teun) Tribune,
LETTER LIST.
List of Jetters remaining in I'ost-offlee,
Oskaioosa, lowa, October I*7l. To ob
tain said letters, please say "advertised,”
and give the date of this list.
Birge Morey Ivritz Mr 3
Bailenger A Kemper J
Barnes M Loomis J
Burlingame R Larrance .1
Bates J W Lathrop J
Cottern J Little N J
Claik L McMaius I
Carver M McFadden W
Champlin M Mitchell J H
Custar P Mullen M
Cooper 8 C 2 Moon T O
Carver T Madington VV M
Dodge L Moler W K
Dunn E Nichols A
Daviee .1 W O’Brien L
Delong T Nevin M
Davil W H Roberts J
Frantz ALB Roberts M
Fletcher F M Simms B F
Fitzgerald Pat RightSyphard C
Gibbons H Sypherd F .T
Goldsborough Jli Jwickard J
Graham R Sparks L W
Gately R Tuuice A
Hart G Iv Thomas B F
Harrington F Thatcher M J
Heyler E Wright A
Hammonds I Wheeler B M
Henry Co J Ii Wilson F
Hale HE Watkins L
Hoskins J Williams L
Haldlick M Whiteman M A 2
Johnson S
W. H. NEEDHAM, P. M
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Twenty cents a line for each insertion
under this head.
Reguiarpatrons with standing advertisements
will be charged one-half these rates.
The largest stock and the best variety of
Flannels at I. Fhankkl (Vs.
CIDER.
Go to the Star Bakery for cider for
Culinary and Medical purpose*. Only 50
cents per gallon.
Evergreens by the 1000 from 6 inches to
5 feet, very cheap, at the Oskaloosa Nur
sery. Bw3
A full line of black and white, gold mixed
and green water-proofs and sackings at
I. Frankki, Co’b.
Just arrived Cutlery, Glass and Queens
ware, new styles and cheap at
S. J. Dutton Co’s.
A complete line of Gent’s Fur Goods at
I. Frankel Co’s. 9.
GOTO WARRINGTON’S NOW
and get those photos you have been talk
ing of so long. There is danger in delay.
Bw2
GROCERIES.
PROVISIONS and
FRUITS
low as the lowest at
S. J. Dutton Co’s.
FACING THE MUSIC
THE FIRST INSTALLMENT
Up to October 28th, th i following Chicago
losses had been adjusted and paid by the
okl reliable Pliceuix of Hartford
I. C. Day *IO,OOO 00
Day Allen 8,000.00
C. H. Thompson 13,000 00
J. M. Stine 8,791.20
Hatch, Holbrook Co 4,800.00
Brigham Jones 4,472 89
And others, amounting in all to ninety
one thousand and ticenty dollars and seventy-
Jive cents. The work of adjustment is being
pushed with that energy and skill which
so brilliantly distinguished the Phcvn’x in
the terrific conflagrations of Portland,
Maine, and Vicksburg, Miss. Insure in
the Phoenix.
DUMONT BROS., Agents
OVERCOATS
at reduced prices at
I. Fkankel Co’s.
TEAS
very choice, (can free) said to be the best
in the State, at
S. J. Dutton Co’s.
You can find the best 2 year old Cherry
trees grown any where, at the Oskaloosa
Nursery.
NOT SO!
The Washin?toii Life Insurance Com
pany of New York—of which Messrs Bow
man Gadd are General Agents—is not
in any way connected with the Washing
ton Fire, which has GONE OUT. The
Securities of the Washington Life are im
perishable, for they are United States,
New York State, and Government Secur
ities. This wreck of Fire Insurance only
the more fully establishes the permanancy
of Life Insurance Companies, and especial
ly the Washington. Btf.
SOZODONT
This word which has been staring ev
erybody in the face for the past few years,
and is now getting into nearly everybody’s
mouth, is a preparation for cleansing,
beautifying and preserving the teeth,
sweetening the breath, and arresting the
progress of decay.
Spalding's Glue, up to the sticking point.
A CARD TO OUR CUSTOMERS.
To you we are very thankful for the fa
vors you have shown us in the past. But
r.ow harvest is over and time for settling
up i 9 at hand, we would be very much
obliged to have you settle up your account,
as we are greatly in need of money to meet
our demands.
Yours Truly,
S. J. Dutton Co.
WARRINGTON
is getting up some splendid large works
of lute. Christmas will soon be here —go
now and get that present ready. Don’t
wait till the “last day in the afternoon.”
Bw2
If you want any variety of apple trees
from 1 to 4 years old, go to Oskaloosa Nur
sery, just north of Oskaloosa College.
Call at Oskaloosa Nursery for the cele
brated SPANISH KING PLUM. 2 years
old, very fine, from 50 cts to 75 ctseacb.
A F(EHLINGER,
the turner in wood, ivory and all kinds of
metal, has turned up and Is still turning up
stairs at the Mahaska Planing Mills, near
LeSuer’s lumber yard. Give him a call if
you want turning done. He can tarn any
thing from a Lucifer match to a sawlog.
If you want any kind of Nursery stock,
call at the Oskaloosa Nursery, where A.
S. Nichols Co. will be happy to wait on
you- Bw3
Boots and Shoes at Wholesale prices at
Baldauf Co’s. They are going to qoit
the boot and shoe trade.
We have about one hundred pounds of
feathers new and fresh for sale at fair
prices. Those wishing to buy call at
Mattison Bros.
If the way they sell is any indication of
their teas being superior to any in the
market, then Mattis *n <fc Bro’s are ahead.
Call and get a package. d \v2
REMEMBER
that you can buy Boots and shoes at actual
cost at 8. Baldauf Co’s., west side of pub
lic square.
YOU CAN SAVE
at least one dollar on a pair of Boots and
from 75 cts to SI.OO on Shoes by buying of
Baldauf Co. They sell at cost.
MONEY.
We have done the work and want our
pay therefor. All those knowing them
selves indebted to us for work will please
call and settle their accounts soon, as we
wish to make ample arrangements for the
accommodation of all that, may give U 9 a
call in the future
PERDUE STERLING.
Persons having an eye to economy will
go to the cheap store of MaUison Bro’s.,
to buy their Groceries, Glass and Queens
ware, where they can find a large stock at
the lowest prices. d-w 2
YOU CAN SAVE
at least one dollar on a pair of Boots, and
from 75 cts to SI.OO on Shoes, by buying of
Baldauf Co. They sell at cos'.
J. M. Moorehead has sold out his busi
ness to Hyde Braden, aud would ear
nestly request all his old customers to set
tle their accounts immediately, as he has
debts to pay and cannot do it without your
help.
People wishing to purchase Groceries,
Glassware or Queensware, should not fail
to call at Mattison Bro’s., as they have
a complete stuck aud generally sell a little
cheaper than most other houses.
REMEMBER
that you cau buy Boots and Shoes at actual
cost at 8. Baldauf Co’s., west side of pub
fic square.
NOTICE.
TO ALL WHO OWE US.
We need our money badly and must
have a settlement. We notified you
by letter and through fhe papers. You
pay no attention to it, and now we notify
each and every one, that a settlement wre
must have by rhe Ist of November, or all
accounts and notes will be left with the
proper officers for collection.
4 Moorman, Green McQiiston.
One hundred thousand dozen eggs want
ed in the next thirty days, for which the
highest market price will be paid in cash.
3 4 Mattison Bro.
JUST ARRIVED.
Mr. Henry Lich one of the best Cutters
and Tailors’ engaged by
Morris L. Levi.
REMEMBER
that you can buy Boots and Shoes at actual
cost at S. Baldauf Co's., west side of pub
lic square.
YOU CAN SAVE
at least one dollar on a pair of boots, and J
from 75cts to *I.OO on shoes, by buying of j
Baldauf Co. They sell at cost.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale prices at
Baldaul Co’s. They arc going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale prices at
Baldauf Co’s. They are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
My superior workmen can please in
style and tit the most plainly dressed
Friend or the most fastidious City Gent.
Morris L Levi.
REMOVAL.
Faxon Tullis have removed their
office to the building known as Wray’s El
evator, opposite St. James Hotel, near
Central R. R. track, where they are pre
pared to buy all kinds of grain at the high
est cash price. All persons knowing
themselves indebted to them either by note
or book account, will do well to call at
once and pay up, as we mean to close up
all our old accounts immediately.
49 Faxon Tullis.
ALL THOSE KNOWING THEM
SELVES INDEBTED TO FAXON
TULLIS, LOOK TO THEIR
INTERESTS.
Having sold out our business we expect
those that owe us to come forward and
settle tbeir accounts and notes at once.—
If not settled or satisfactorily arranged in
the next thirty days, will be left for im
mediate collection. F. T.
Having sold out our grocery business,
now propose to pay strict attention to the
grain buying business. We have an ele
vator here and also at Sharon, and we
think we handle grain at a great deal less
expense than formerly and will always
give the highest market price. 46
Wedding'suits a speciality.
Morris L. Levi.
AH persons having Grain to dispose of
will make money by taking it to
M attison Bro’B.
Don’t buy any Clothing till you examine
the Mammoth stock now arriving at.
Morris L. Levi’s.
Morris L. Levi is sending from New
York daily the latest and most fashionable
styles of Beavers, Broad Cloths, Cassirneres,
Tricos and Diagonals, to be made to order
and warranted to fit. In his merchant tail
oring establishment.
Oskaloosa Sept. 1S?1.
ft L
Pure Whiskies and Oalitornia Wine
for medical purposes kept constantly on
band at Bebculkk Bros, east side of
square. Also cigars and tobaccos. 50tf
All kind of Ready Made Clothing New
from the Eastern Manufactories daily ar
riving now at
ELEVATOR! ELEVATOR!
Having juat completed the largest and
best Elevator on the line ot the Central R.
R. at New Sharon, we are now prepared
to handle alt kinds ot Grain at that poirt,
for which we will pay the highest cash
price.
49 Faxon Tullis.
LOCATED.
The South Western Grocery is now in
fullidast, and R P. Bacon is“Pyleing”out
to the dear people an entire new and
Fresh Stock of Staple and Fancy Grocer
ies. Call and see how it is done, at the
south-west corner of the Public Square.
N. B. Fresh Goods arriving daily. 36tf
OSKALOOSA PRODUCE MARKET.
Wednesday, 3 p. m. November 8.
Wheat, 90
Corn, 20
Potatoes, 25 30
Oats, 20
flogs, 3,00 3,15
Butter, 15
Eggs, 20
Flour, 3,20 350
Wool, fleece washed 40 50
Wool, tub washed 50 60
Wool, unwashed 28 35
CHICAGO MARKET.
Chicago, Nov. 6.
FLOUR—‘Spring extra to choice, 6 50<®
7 IK).
WHEAT—No. 1 at 1 22@1 23 No. 2,
selling 118(31 20.
CORN—Slight advance, closing 48 C
cash for No. 2 45%<&46 reller November.
OATS—No. 2 closing at 81%.
CATTLE —Fair native steers ss@s 26
medium 4 50(34 85 receipts since Satur
day, 1529.
HOGS—Receipts, 4954 fair to medium
3 75(33 85 good to extra 3 90(34 20.
FOR SALE, WANTED, LOST, &c.
lAOR KENT.—A desirable hou»e and lot to rent
.in north-east part of t» wn. For particulars
enquire of fl. L. Spencer at wholesale grocery.
LOST.— A Gold Sleeve Button with Garnet set
encircled by pearls, supposed to be lost be
tween the residence of C, T. Willard and Congre
gational church. The finder will he liberally re
warded by leaving it at Trank Willard's or at
this office.
FOR RENT.—The room now occupied by the
Herald office, will be for rent some time next
month Enquire on the premises.
ITtOR SALE.—We will sell a brick honse and
J; two lots within two blocks ofSqnare, in good
locality, cheap desire to he nearer place of labor
the cause of sale. House ha* lonr rooms, good
cellar, well, etc.
rR SALE.—Two sewing machines—one Sing
er, the other a Howe. Both new. Call at
the Herald office.
rxOK SALE.—A house and two lots In the south-
J 1 east part of the city, within four blocks of the
Square. W 111 be sold at a bargain and on long
time. Inquire at the National State Bank.
FARM FOR BALE. —I offer for sale very low
my farm, cousietiug of 164)4 acres, lying in the
north edge or Harrison Tp., three miles from Os
kalooea, on the Eddwllle road. Good story snd
a half frame house, five rooms below, good cellar,
goofl frame barn, 30x48, well finished Good
orchard In bearing, geod well, etc. For terme
apply on the premises to
JOSEPH CARPENTER.
Since the publication of my advertisement last
week, unexpectedly to me. I have been Invited to
take the Chair of Mathematics in Oskaioosa Col
lege, and have consented to accept, f hope any
who may have intended to he student* in my
school, will be satisfied with the present arrange
ment. With the Improved and Increased facili
ties tbat the College will afford next year, 1 can
most heartily recommend all, ana especially my
former students, to come. We shall be abP to
furnish boarding to some 7fistndenls at club rates
about |1.90 per week. The apparatus and other
facilities of the institution will be much enlarged
and improved. For particulars apply for Cata
logue. I shall aid Professors Carpenter and Gil
son in conducting the Normal Class now in ses
sion in the College. A. HULL.
n46tf
The Confessions of an Invalid.
Published as a warning, and tor the benefit ol
young men and others, who sutler from Nervous
ness. General Debility, <fcc.. supplying the means
of self cure.
Written by one who cured himself, and sent free
on receiving a post paid directed envelope.
Address Nathaniel Mayfair.
bS6 Cm Brooklyn, N.*Y.
BOERHAYE’S
HOLLAND BITTERS,
Ihe celebiaied Holland Remedy for
fever an i> a or; i:,
Itiseanc ol tin- Kidneys.
Dyspepsia,
Head untie.
Debility,
I mltgewtion,
oitivcnrss.
Loss ul'Appetite,
Piles In both Forms,
And all diseases consequent upon a disordered
stomach and liver.
LIN OKAY'S DIPKOVED BI.OOW
SEAKCHEK.
Cures Erysinelas, Scrofula, Ulcers, Cutaneous
Diseases, Sore Ever., Pimples on the Face
Scald Heads, Mercurial Diseases, Debility
Salt Kheum, etc.
JOHN SON VS KHEI7IATIC COM
POUND.
One house in Massachusetts sold fifty botti.
Johnson's Rheumatic Compound, with the
tigreement, no cure money refunded. and
has only had three bottles reiunded.
Why endure aching limbs and
stiff Joints when there is such
a certain remedy.
Sold by
R. E. SELLERS A CO.,
Pittsburg, Pa.
Prepared only by
VAN SCUAACK, STEVENSON lIEID,
n4O Chicago. Ills
SHERIFF’S SALE.
Notice is hereby given, that by virtue of a
General execution, directed to me from the
oflice of the C'icrk of the District Court, of
Mahaska County, lowa, and dated Nov. 7,
a d 1871, 1 have levied upon and will offer at
Sheriff's Sale, to the highest bidder, for cash
in hand, at the door of the house in which the
last District Court was held, in said countv, on
Saturday the »rh day of December A. 1). 1871, at
the hour of 2 o'clock. P. M., the following des.
crihed real estate in Mahaska county, lowa, to
wit:
Lot No. one (1) Block five (5) in the town of
New Stiaron.
Taken as the property of Jared Rockwell to
satisfy the above mentioned execution in favor
of D. Ogilvie and against Jared Rockwell.
J. W. HINKBLEY,
9 Sheriff of Mahaska County,lowa.
gHERIFF’S SALE
Notice is hereby given, that bj \irtae of a Spe
cial Execntion directed to rot train the office
of the Clerk of the Circuit Court of Mahaska
County, lowa, and dated Sept. 22, A. D.
1871, 1 have levied noon and wil. offer at Sheriff*
Sale to the highest bidder for cash in hand, at the
door of the house in which the lart District Conn
was held, in said county, on Thursuay the 80th
day ofNov.. A. D. 1871, at the hour of 1
o’clock. I*. M., the following descilbed real es
tate. situated in Mahaska County lowa to-wit
CO acres off w side w >4 sec 35. 1 p 76 nr l«i w.
Also beginning C chain* ana 00 link* of n e cor
nerof s e 14 n w 14 sec 35. Tp 76 n r 10 w and run
ning thence w 15 chains, thence a 3 chains and 33
links, ‘hence el 5 chains, thence n 8 chains and 83
link** to the place of beginning, containing 5 acres.
Taken as the property ofW. K. Stanton to sat
isfy the above mentioned execntion in favor of
John L. Bryan and against W. It. Stanton.
J. W. HINESLEY.
n" Sheriff of Mahaska county. lowa.
The first term of the tenth session of this Insti
tution opened Sept. 12. with unusually favorable
auspices, under the following able corps of In
structors
*F. M. Bruner, A. M., Pres.; G. T. Carpenter, A.
M.. Prof. Eng. Literature and Nat. llistory A.
Hull, A. M., Prof. Ancient Languages N. Dun
shee, A. M., Prof, of Mathematics J. L. Pinker
ton, A. M., Prof, of Nat. Science M. P. Givens,
Prln. Com. D. P. and teacher of Vocal Music T.
B. White, teacher of Telegraphing B. W. John
son. A. M., lecturer on Christian Evidences, and
liermaneutics.
The ability of the above named Faculty, except
two is too well known to need special mention.
Profs. Danshec and Pinkerton have both had large
experience and eminent success In Eastern Colle
gee. and have been chosen becaus of theeir su
perior qualifications for their respective chairs.
The College building has been thoroughly
renovated and refitted, the Apparatus has been
largely increased, the Cabinet and Library classi
fied in short, the w hole Institution reorganized
and readjusted, so that it now affords superior
facilities.
Among the new and attractive features of the
School is the Ifcjarding Club Tor furnishing cheap
boarding. A commodious, neat dining hall has
been fitted up in the College building and dormi
tories for about forty stndents. fitted up in and
near the College building. Mrs. M. Cnatterton,
for many year# Matron of the Orphans’ Home.
Davenport, has been fortunately obtained to pre
side over this department. This alone is a guar
antee ot its success, and that it will be a pleasant
home. Stndents desiring to avail themselves of
the benefits of this club, will pay about forty cts.
per week for room and furniture rest, if they room
in the building, and will have table board furnish
ed at actual co6t, about ft. 50 per week. Every
thing is furnished except bedding and lights,
which each student is expected to furnish 10
himself. Those rooming elsewhere can have
table board in the club, the members of which
will, to a great extent, regulate tbeir own affairs.
Under this arrangement students can have good
boarding, fuel and sundries at about 1.90 per
week. For particulars or catalogue, address M.
P. Givens, Sec’y, or any member of the Faculty.
1-tf. M. P. GIVENS, Sec y.
*Pree. Bruner will be engaged the next year 1 n
raising endowments, so that the Bible School
may he opened at tne earliest day possible.
THE OLD
SPRINGFIELD
INSURANCE
Jl CO MPA N V Ju
o F
MASSACHUSETTS.
Aaaetoat Market *V»lnej r *&i,077,000
Cv.li AwtPMiueui payable on
or before Dee. Ist. 325,000
91,402,000
Chicago Losses In
process of adjase
ment and payin’!
In fall, 9450,000
All other outstand
ing Claims, 47,220 9407,220
9004,780
This will make alter paying all claims at Chica
go and elsewhere Cash Angela of f#04,780, or
Capital $500,000. and Surplus oi $404,780.
Losses at Chicago are paid IN CASH as fast as
adjusted.
DUMONT BROS.. Agents,
Oskaloosa, lowa.
INSURANCE
DUMONT BROS Alißll.
COMPANIES, ASSETS. CHICAGO.
Royal Liverpool, $9,620,205 SIOB,OOO.
Franklin, Phil., 3,268,918 500,000.
Underwriters’ 8,765,89 4 900,000.
Phoenix, Hartford, 1,781,180 750,000,
Springfield, Mass., 1,402,000 450,000.
Home, Colunfbus, 995,479 150,000.
Amazon, Cin. 500,000 Nothing.
Mutual Life N. T. 46,000,000
$67,008,685 $2,858,000
Financial Statement.
ANDES
Insurance Company
OCTOBER *stl{, J 1371:
Cash on hand, in bank, and in transit $356,034 48
Bondi—U. 8., State, City and County,
market valne 1 390.073 84
Railroad Bondi, market value 8,900 00
Collateral loans 99,500 00
Accrued interest 49,000 00
First Mortgage 997.190 58
Bill* receivable 9,847 68
Book accounts, premiums and Agen
cy Balances 38,096 50
Amount Irom Stockholder! by as.
sessment 500,000 00
Total Assets $*.078,148 46
Chicago Losses:
$850,000.
In Process
ot Prompt.
Settlement.
J. B. BENNETT.
President
Do not propose extortion in rates,
W. W. HASKELL. Agent,
Mourns L. Levi.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LEGAL NOTICES.
EDUCATIONAL.
OSKALOOSA COLLEGE.
CLUB BOARDING.
INSURANCE.
GROCERIES.
GIVENS BROS.,
dealers in
STAPLE AND FANCY
GROCE R I E S,
FLOUR, FEED,
A N D
ITU) VISIONS!
Are n ow prepared to otter to the citizens of
kalr.osa and vicinity, for
O o
JL «A.
IS s
BE
CHOICE TKAS. Sl taits. tOfFKEN
AND SVttt
itlpnc.s wMch will defy Competition. tine
of
CANNED FRUITS, OYKTF.RS, Ac.,
at e of the best brands, also Extracts and Baking
rowderf, with a full Hue of unadulterated
TOBACCOS.
We cal) particular attention to our large stock of
Cbewh g and Smoking Tobaccos as being
unequalled for variety and quality
in the city. A large stock of
FLOUR AND FEED
is kept constantly on hand which will be
delivered fJV I fit?
U I vUC free cf ex
pense anywhere in the city. We are now selling
FORGASH“ ,I S^*v'‘ c, “OBJECT
for all of those shorn 1 for their groceries to
give ns a call. Highest market price paid
Butter, Eggs, Lard and other produce.
GIVE US A CALL.
GIVENS BROS.,
nil North of Siebel’s Mill.
TELEGRAPHY.
TELEGRAPHY II
Young Ladies or Gentlemen wish
ing to prepare themselves for actual
systematical and lucrative Business,
should attend the
COMMERCIAL AND TELEGRAPH
INSTITUTE.
A T
Ofihaloosa College
AN ACTUAL TELEGRAPH LINE
extends from the
BUSINESS HALL. TO THE PUBLIC
RQIABB,
fully demonstrating the entire prin
ciple of
MAIN LINE.
The Public are cordially jnvited
to call at the Business Hal t the
College and examine the 1 a lities
of the entire Institute. faci
TUITION
Full course Scholarship, with
Penmanship $35.00.
ommercial and Telegraphic $60.00.
The length of time necessary for
graduation is usually from four to six
months. Arrangements have been
made by which board can be had at
$1.50 to $2.00 per week, which will
place the entire cost of the course
within the reach of those m hose
means are too limited to go else
where, should they desire. For par
ticulars apply to
M. P. GIVENS,
Principal of BnslneM and Telegraph
Institute.
NEW ADVERTISEMEMTS.
H 1 mniTmn solicited by MINS Jk CO.,
UA I Uro'l'V Publisher* Scientific America-/,
111 1 Bn I Ui 87 Row, N. f.
Twenty-five year* experience.
Pamphlets containing Patent Law* with full di
rection* how to obtain patent*.
A bound volume of lib page*, containing the
New t'ensu* by counties and all large ckler,
130 engravings of mechanical movements, patent
law*, and rule* for obtaining patents, mailed on
receipt of 35 cents.
Every Farmer
is invited to send his address and receive Free
and postage paid a copy of the
AMERICAN FARM JOURNAL
The most Practical, the best and cheapest lUhs
trated Agricultural paper in the United States.-
Only 75cents per year. Send for a specimen
copy. Address MILLER, LOCKE CO.,
Toledo. Ohio.
Will M. Carleton,
Author of
“Betsey and I are out,”
Edits and writes for
The Detroit Weekly Tribune,
The best Family Newspaper in the Country.—
82 a year. Send lor specimen copy and club
circular. Address. TIIE TRIBUNE.
Detroit, Mich.
WnnTYQ HorftsnOLD itiagazi.m:
W DUD O in offered free during the coming
year to every s übsoriber of Merry's Museum. the
Toledo Democrat, etc., Which
ITanTvulence ot its worth ami popularity.
Horace tireolev, .lames Parton, Tneodoro Tilton.
flail Hamilton, etc, write tor every number.
three lfrst class periodicals
for the price of one of them. A variety of premi
ums on eqnally liberal terms. It is an origin*!,
lirst-cfass Volume X begins wins
Three specimen copies freo. Address
S. S. WolS^s
'■••mpml I dl
edged the bent promoter of the growth moi
of the hair. JOS. Bl72',J£i l CO.. Boston.
Sold by ull druggis‘3. I'.nrtire if In t
DITHRIDGE’ft
XX FLINT GLASS V
LAMP CHIMNEYS. Q
bland Heat better tban any other mad
Ask for Dithridpe's and take no other.
See that our name la every box.
DITHRIDOF. SOX, Plttburvh, Fa.
bend for Price List.
VANWINKLE'S Salt Rheum Toilet Soap never
falls to to enre Salt Rheum, Chapped hands,
and all diseases of the scalp and skin: For the
Toilet It has no equal. For sale everywhere. At
wholesale bv J. B. BOWNE. Independence, la.
A MONTH. Horse and carriage furnished.
’-’“Expenses paid. H. Shaw, Allred, Me.
VOID QUACKS.-A victim ot early indis
cretion, causing nervous debility, prema
ture decay, etc., having tried in vain every ad
vertised remedy has dlscavered a simple means
of self cure, which he will send to bis fellow suf
ferers. Address J U REEVES, 78 Nassau St., N V
Agents Wanted Everywhere,
To sell the most popular work ever before intro
dneed to the American Pabiie.
The Great Conflagration!
Chicago!!
Its p&et. present, and future. The origin pro
gress and results of the great Chicago conflagra
tion. With graphic scenes, incidents, and de
tails of the disaster. Lists of the principal Bank
ers, Mannfactnrers, and Merchants who are lasers
A complete picture of Chicago before and after
the fire. The trade and commerce of Chicago
Details of its municipal aflairs, and the great fin
of the World.
Tne statistics of the fire department, with a
description of the wonderful Water Works. De
scription of the Sewerage, paving and building
materials. The extraordinary marvel of a river
running up stream. The number, location, and
mode of operating the grain elevators. Uistorv
snd description or the famous stock yard* The*
number of Railroads, the Lake trade and com
merce. From personal observations by Gxo.
P Uptoh. (Feregrlne Pickle), literary editor
Chicago Tribune, and Jas. W. Sheahan, editor
of Chicago Tribune
A book of 850 pages, illustrated by the hist
artists, and will be worthy the confidence of all.
Price in extra cloth and gilt, $3.50. Will be senn
by mail on r ceipt of price. This work can ouU*
be obtained from the pnblishers or from their
regularly authorized agents, as it is sold exclu
sively by subscription, and cannot be obtained,
from any bookstores in the United States Ad
dress UNION PUBLISHING CO.,
9 185 Twenty-second Bt., Chicago.
CHERIFF’S SALE.
Notice is hereby given, that by virtue of
sjtecial execution directed to me from the otHii
of the Clerk of the Circuit Court of Mahaska
County, lowa, and dated Nov. 6, A. V.
1871,1 have levied upon and will ofler at Sherlfl's
sale to the highest bidder for cash in hand, at tin
door of the houee in wiiich the last District Couh
was held in said county, on Saturday the t*th day
of December A. I). 1871, at the hour ol on t
o'clock p. m. the following described real erta'.i
In Mahaska county lowa, to-wit:
Tt.e north half of the north west quarter of see*
tion twenty-one (21) ,'n township seventy-seveu
(77) north of range No. fourteen (14) west.
Taken as the property of Thomas Thompson.
James T. Riitpathand James Kngle to satiety the
above mentioned execution in favor of James A.
Young, Treasurer of Mahaska connty. lowa, and
against Thomas Thompson, James T. Hidpath and
Jams* Kngle.
J. W. HINEBLEY,
dbtrlff QfJUfahfks comity, lows, j