c:
i nir. i;t v
w
l)c 3cffcrsonian.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1871.
LUTHERAN CHURCH.
Liturgical Services next Sunday.
MonxisG, 10, Evexixo, 7
i. W. MARRIOTT, T. D., Tastor.
JF-i?" Phe-sip-ext Grant apiears to be as
Popular with the people now, as when he
was at the head of our victorious army
The people turn out ma.$ to greet hiui,
wherever he goes. His tour through the
i! country has hecu a perfect ovation
Hail to the chief."
t..-.jr The gradual iiuproveuicnt in the re
turns of the Republican triumph in Califor
iila continues to the la.st. The official figures
now declare Booth's majority to be 5,008,
Pa eh ceo, the native California Republican
candidate for Lieutenant-Governor, has t
majority of .1,175. llaight, defeated for re
election, was chosen Governor of the State,
fmr years ago, by a majority of9,5"; so
the llepublieans have gained 14,554 in four
years Well done, Republican California!
r:?TiiE October 'statement of the public
debt
shows another material reduction
During the month of September the decrease
effected was 1 3,45S.C2 leaving the amount
of debt yet out-standing $2,260,063,93.),
This is a brighter record of financial success
than was ever before presented by any
National Administration and at the same
time the taxes have been greatly reduced
;:id many of them entirely abolished. It
iouId be a question with ever' citizen
v. Iieiher the public credit, which now stands
m high, would be promoted or injured by a
political change in the Administration.
THE ELECTION.
The returns of the Election throughout
the State indicate the election of Stanton
and Heath, Republicans, by from 15,00 to
iM.oic) majority.
It .1 1 1 T 1
i ui urancnes ot tne .legislature are
1 ciatic.
From our own county the returns come in
!-.Yi Enough is known however to show
(lie election of Staples em. to the Legisla
lure, and De Young and Bossard Asssociate
.lijdg-.'s. The contest for Sheriff is very
ei ise letween McNeal and Henry, and, for
TiVasurer, between Fcthcrnian aud Gunsau
le. Collins, dom. is probably elected Sena
tor by a majority ranging from one to two
hundred.
t )hi- aud Iowa both cave ovewhelmins
o i iiiblica n ma j iri t ies.
I.-?-It is impossible to predict with any
certainty the result of the legal foray upon
the polygamous heads of the "Mormon
"lie.rch, but the proceedings so far are quite
regular, and just what we should have ex
pected long ago. To IJrigham Young, ar-
ivt ,i upon an inuictment lor adultery, we
now have added IJishop Wells, the Mormon
M.iyor of Salt Lake City and a high func-
tio-i iry in the Church of Latter Day Saints.
Tlie indictments are modest in their charges,
i .-iing being credited with only sixteen
wive-; and Wells with only one superfluous
ij)i;ini n of his joys and sorrows, while it
i notorious that both have many more. We
have no information as tp the number of
.Momi'ms indicted, but it is obvious that the
arrest and trial of a large number would not
have tlie striking moral effect which would
attend the trial and conviction of one or two
leading Mormons.
""Yice I'uesii'Ent Cole ax, in last
week's Lnli u(lt:itf, gives his views as to the
conditions under which the republican party
should enter the nxt Presidential campaign,
in order to render victory certain. He ob
mtw that the political horizon is aglow with
t he I.'ill iant rays of Republican triumphs,
an I the huzzas of victory thrill millions of
1. j j hearts. In regard to retrenchment, he
v; mil have the army and navy reduced to a
jreacj basis by the present gradual process,
an 1 expects that Congress will, by next sum
mer, have reduced the National expenditure
lr:!o,v 5270,000,000 per 3'car, perhaps even
i. f km), oiK) Jess. No subsidies or further
railroad grant s should be accorded. Regard
ing Amnesty, the Vice President holds that
1 ho "undoubted public opinion of the country
i s that the time for general amensty has ar
rived,'" and considers that the truess states
manship and wie'st policy require that the
great mass of the Southern people should be
relieved by a general bill from all constitu
tional disabilities. Civil Service Reform, in--Lding
in its detail the nomination of Post
mast masters by the people, should be ap
proved and practically inaugurated. The
financial policy of the party should favor the
reduction of taxation to the extent of $60,
(;o.o:M or $so,00(.000. This reduction
f-hould be affected by reducing or removing
the duties on tea and coffee, the poor man's
necessaries of life, and the abolition of the in
col lie tax, and the internal taxes affecting
bom manufactures. While maintaining the
protective principle, the tariff might be
further modified by admitting free raw
materials ut produced at home.
Colonel. Lo.ckett has, in Southwest
ern Georgia, planted in cotton this year
5,5O0 acres, and in corn and small grain
3,500 acres, making in all 10,000 acres.
It is estimated that his cotton crop will
be worth $180,000. This is probably
tlie largest cotton cip wade by any one
person in the cottoa region. He em
ploys o00 bauds.
Second Lieut. Da it wis G. FRitRY.'of
the Seventeenth Infantry, lias been sen
tenced by a Court-martial, for embezzle
merit, to be cashiered, refund $1,500-, and
serve five years' imprisonment jv the
lifjijosota Penitentiary.
BOROUGH AND COUNTY.
Money makes the press go.
Tlie Fair scasou is about over.
Sportsmen are on the hunt.
,ow is the time to fix broken sidewalks.
A market house is talked of in our
borough.
Tlie equinoctial storni is behind time this
year.
Large, loose
trousers arc coming in
fashion again.
Store boxes ornament our sidewalks
once more.
Enterprising merchants are advertis
ing fall goods.
-o.
Tlie number of recorded kerosene acci
dents is immense.
Tills is the proper time to gather herbs
for medical purposes.
Squirrels, pheasants and wood-cock
are plenty this season.
Chestnuts arc selling at 6 cents per
quart in this borough.
The season of fairs, festivals, balls and
masquerades is rapidly approaching.

Variegated colors appears to be the
prevailing style of painting houses down
town.
The Democratic candidates have been
particularly hard on horseflesh for week
past.
Accounts reach us of heavy frosts in
all sections of the State during the past few
weeks.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruel
tv to Animals should establish a branch in
this town.
J. II. Adams, of the "Scranton Demo
crat," dropped into our office last week
looking as pretty as a picture.

The Election on Tuesday passed off as
quietly and peaceably, as though it was a
Sabbath, dav. This is as it should be.
The people of Slatington are being sup
ptied with fresh beef at 12 cents per pound
Stroudsburgcrs pay 20 cents per pouud.
II -M I
A woman with a baby five weeks old
is confined in the Wilkes Rarre jail. Her
offence was selling Liquor without license.
I i
The nut crop will be very large this year,
Cheastnuts, walnuts, hickorynuts and china
pins, offer unusual 'inducements just at this
time.
The pews of some of our churches ought
to rest on pivots, so that the occupants can
see who comes in without straining their
necks.
There are some small boys in Strouds
burg, w ho will bring their parents to sorrow,
and themselves to shame, if they are not
soon taken in hand.
The five-footed calf which was on exhi
bition with the sideshow, at the Fair ground,
was purchased by Stephen Henry (colored),
of this borough, for $3.

Xotv is the time to gather wormwood,
catnip, pepjxirmint, bonset, tansey, etc., for
the year. They are often wanted, especial
ly when doctors are not handy.
Our farmers arc pleased with the dry
condition of the Kil. It has been in a most
favorable condition for the past week for
putting in grain, and a large amount ot that
work has been done.
The ladies will be interested to know
that a new trimming, called "kilting," has
made its appearance. It is made of fine book
muslin, edged with imitation lace, and laid
by machinery in regular flat plait?.
.i i ..I.- m.m in
The Palmer Rro's, have opened anew
Meat Market, on Main street, 2d door above
the Methodist Church. Their Shambles are
always loaded with the best to be had.
Purchasers should make a note of this fact
True. An exchange says "a man who
turns up his nose at his home paper and
never contributes a cent to its support, will
surely, in time, dwindle out History sa'B
so, and your own conscience (if you have
any) will say so."
i I mi
,.cw Counterfeit!. Counterfeit
twenty-five and fifty, cent notes are said to be
in circulation in some of the neighboring
towns. Look out for the vi!e stuff.
Counterfeit ten-dollar bills on the Far
mers' National Rank of M alone, N. Y.,
have made their appearance.
There are four families, Father and
three sons, residing in Polk township, Mon
roe county, by the name of Serfass, who have
lxitwcen them seventy-two children. The
Father has 21 children, and the Sons 17
children apiece. It is presumed the name
will not run out "right away."
To prevent chills and fever, have your
cellars thoroughly ventilated and free from
dampness fires should be built in the houses
at night, ati the windows and doors kept
closed. Pt-tsons of delicate constitutions
should wear flannels as early as the first of
October, and' observe great regularity in diet
and exercise:.
Things Yoi Win not he sorry
For. For hearing before judging; think
ing before speaking hold an angry tongue
stopping the ear to a tale-bearer refusing to
kick a fallen man.;- being kind to the distres
sed being patient to-all doing good to all
men walking uprightly before God lend
ing to the Lord laying up. treasures in Hea
ven; asking pardon for allWmgs; Speaking
evil of no man being courteous to all.
-in bushels-
thaii usual, this season.
A full account of the election returns
will appear in the Jeffkusoniax, next
week.
Sheriff 31crwlnc received a dispatch
a few days since announcing the 12th arrest
of Rrooks. Rut this Rrook's, as did the
other eleven Rrook's from the marks about
him, prove not to be the Rrooks the Sheriff
is after, and, per consequence, the secoud
hanging match of the Sheriff's term is post
poned indefinitely, and the reward of $2,000
is still in the market This arrest w s made
at Middlctown, N. Y.
Another grand excursion to New York
is on the tapis, to take place on the 19th and
20 insts. The arrangements as completed for
this excursion are such as reflect great credit
upon the committee, while the fare for the
round trip has been placed at figures which will
induce every one who can possibly spare the
time to participate. The train will leave
Stroudsburg on the morning of the 19th, an
return on the following day, thereby giving
the excursionists a night in the city, and a
chance to attend the theater, or enjoy them
selves as they may see proper. We predict for
the party a merry time.
r i
The game season is at hand, and our
sportsmen are enjoying themselves m hngely.
Game of all kinds appears to be unusually
plenty this year, and, as a consequence, their la
bors are richly rewarded. The apparent care
lessness with which some of our "young bloods"
handle fire arms, is truly appalling, and we
would advise that parents use a little discre
tion in this matter, and thereby prevent a doc
tor's bill, and, perhaps, a funeral in the family,
A case actually came under our observation a
few days since, where a promising youth was
amusing himself by shooting at a crowd of boys,
Rather a dangerous practice, that.
i
Blind Tom. This marvelous rnnsica
prodigy will give a grand Concert, at Ilollins
head's Hall, on Monday evening next, October
ISth. Tom is a colored lad, and has been
blind from birth. In all things else he is
weak approaching nearly to the idiotic,
while his musicle powers, are excelled by no
one not even by the most finished artist
Tom's musical knowledge and skill are in
structive his marvelous control over his fa
vorite instrument, the Piano, having mani
fested itself without the aid of an instructor.
and before the family in which he lived ha
any idea that he even harbored a thought
upon any subject. It is impossible in a no
ticeofthls kind to give even an idea of his
skill, but we can and do, most cheerfully Bug
gest to all our citizens that they will miss a
sight of the really marvelous if they fail to
avail themselves of this opportunity to attend
Blind Tom's Concert.
During: Fair week, a portion of the
ladies of St. John's Lutheran Church, held
a Fair and Festival at Pheenix Hall, in this
borough, the proceeds are which to bo ap
plied to the payment of the debt on the
Church Organ. The Hall was elegantly
decorated, and the display ot faucy article
and edibles all that could be desired. Thcs
latter, too, were dispensed by most beauti
ful specimens of "Heaven's last best gift to
man," which could not fail to make the ef
fort an artistic as well as pecuniary success,
The net proceeds of the Festival reached the
handsome sum of $250.
During the same week, another portion
of the ladies of the same congregation held a
similar Festival in the basement of the
church building. The attendance, here too
was large, and everything was arranged in
the most beautiful style. Indeed it has sel
dom been our privilege to enter a room so
beautifully decorated. The good things o
the season were dispensed without stint to
liberal patrons, awaiting each their turn to
be served, and the proceeds must have foot
ed ur most libcrallv. We have not heard
the result stated in dollars and cents.
Tlie ladies of both branches extend thei
most sincere thanks to the liberal public for
their substantial aid.
A something worthy of note, and which
should bring to its possessor a liberal re
ward, is the new elegant "Corpse preserving
Casket," which McCarty, our untiring and
enterprising cabinet maker and undertaker,
has recently added to his already largo stock
of undertakers fixtures. This article is
especially designed to preserve the corpse,
for almost unliminted time, and experiments,
made for days and even weeks, show it to be
a complete success. Though ice is used in
the preserver, by an ungenious arrangement
internally, the barbarous practice of burying
the corpse in ice is wholly done away with.
In the old box tho body was wrapped, un
dressed, in a blanket and ice placed below, on
both sides and above it, rendering the view
ing of it by relatives and friends a perfect
horror. In this box, the body is dressed as
for the grave, laid upon a neat cane-scat
platform, placed in the bottom, and presents
the same appearance to friends and relatives
as when laying in the Coffin. The ice is
placed upon a receiver in tho top, and is
wholly canceled from view the cold air
being conveyed to the Corpse through rub
ber tubes. Ry a peculiar arrangement, all
dampness is excluded from the lower cham
ber in which the corpse is laid, and when the
hour for the funeral arrives, itisbut the work
of a few moments to arrange the body in the
coffin. By its ue everything connoted with
the iuside of the preserver can be closed so
that nothing can disturb it.s contents and
except, when desirable, the disagrcable
necessity of having "sitters-up" with the
dead dispensed with. The expense to Mc
Carty, in procuring of a set of preservers,
will amount to several hundred dollars, but
cost appears to be nothing to him. The
benefit of tho- public, and "excelsior" in
business seem to be tlie- great objective points
towards which, his whole aim is directed. He
certainly has earned the extensive patronage,
both as a seller of cabinetware and an un
dertaker, which is constantly flowing in upon
him.
The onion crop is strongcr-
i.i:tti:h rno.ii allkxtowx.
Allextowx October 7th, 1871.
Mr. Editor Thinking that a few facts
concerning the origin and growth of Muhlen
berg College would be of interest to many ot
your readers, and in I view of this fact, I
iave collected a few statistics to show inai uic
Institution, yet in its infancy, is gradually grow
in? and promises at no distant day to compete
country. This
Institution of learning was founded A. D. 1343
hv the Kev. C. K. Kessler. A. M. The chief
object in founding it was to furnish Allentown
J
and the surrounding region with a school so
organized as to furnish every facility forahigl
degree of literary culture. The Institution
was orginally called the Allentown feeminary,
which name it retained until A. D. 1864, when
hv an Act of the Legislature it was incorpora
ted with full Collegiate powers under fie title
of the Allentown Collegiate Institute anJ Mili
tary Academy. During the summer of 1SG7 it
passed into the hands of a new Board of lrus
tecs who had the Charier amended by thr
Court of Lehigh county, and by whom it was
constituted:
MUHL.ENBEUG COLLEGE.
On the 1st of September 18G7, this Institution
was formally opened. There were in atten
dance during the first year about one hundred
and sixty students and at the close of the Col
legate year, ending June 1868, the graduating
class numbered four, which Was very encourag
ing, when we take into consideretion that many
new Colleges do not have any graduates for a
number of years. The class of 1869 numbered
three; the class of 1870. namberod, seven, and
the class of 1871 numbered fourteen. The pre
sent Collegiate year began the 5th of last Sep
tember, with the following number of Ktndents
present in each class, seniors, 14; juniors, 22;
sophomores, 18; freshmen, 22; accademics,
80. The number of Instructors at present are
nine; seven Professors and two Tutors.
The Buildings of the Institution are situate
in the. south-eastern part ofthecitysurroundei
by about five acres of ground, devoted to its
exclusive use. The building presents a front
of 120 feet, with a center building of 50 feet
and two wings each 35 feet. The center build
ing has four stories in front and five in the
rear and extends to the depth of one hundred
and forty feet. The accommodations are of
the most improved character.
The people of Allentown, for the most part
are decendants of the old Germans, and conse-
rmentlv are noted for their hospitality. The
advantages here, physically, socially, mentally
and morally are of the highest nature. The
College is beautifully located and commanding
an extensive view of the surrounding country
is certainly a desirable place to spend a few
years for the purpose of acquiring an educa
tion. Fiiilgs
From the Baltimore American.
Salt for the Chills.
We learn at a recent meeting of the
medical fraternity of Baltimore the sub
ject of salt as a cure for ague aad fever
was discussed, and considerable ridicule
thrown over the assertion that it has
proved effective in any well developed
case. U e rather fear that our physi
cians are determined to place themselves
in the position of the old manufacturers
of heathen gods, who so strenuously op
posed the chiristian religion because i
was calculated to injure their business.
As to salt as a remedy for chills there
can be no doubt of its efficiency as a sub
stitute for that most blood depleting and
nauseous compound known as quinine.
In Cecil county, where this disease is one
of the scmi-aunnal visitants, salt and wa
ter drank at daybreak for three successive
mornings is regarded as au unfailing cure
fur the most stubborn cases. We have
this assurance from intelligent and reli
able gentlemen, who have taken it them
selves and administered it toothers in in
numerable cases.
As to the application of salt to the feet
by putting a spoonful of salt in each shoe
immediately on the first symptom of an
approaching chill, we have tried it in two
cases with the most satisfactory results
Since our notice of this simple remedy a
tew weeks ago, more than a dozen cases
of its successful use have been reported
to ns. In each case the application o
salt in the manner described produce an
immediate restoration of the circulation
in the feet, with a heating sensation
which gradually spread throughout the
whole system and checked the disease.
Now, all who have had any experience
with this disagreeable ailment know tha
the checking of a chill is the first move
mcnt towards its entire cure. As theap
plication of salt in this Bimple manner
can do no harm, we hope our physicians
will cast aside this prejudice agaios
what they regard as an 'old woman's
notion, and give it a fair and impartial
trial. i
A simple and efficient remedy like
this, for the fever and ague, if fully es
tablised, would be one of the greatest dis
coveries ot the age. It would do tnuth
to relieve the sufferings of humanity,
would abolish the use of many hcalth-de
stroying nostrums, and lead to the culti
vation of some of the richest lands in the
country that are now regarded (as unin
habitable on account of the prevailing
miasmas of the fall and spring months.
There are eleven millions of horses in
the United States.
England has 1,000,000 paupers to 22,
700,000 of population.
A doctor's motto is supposed to be "pa
tients and long suffering."
Sonthwick, Massachusetts, has a can
ary bird twenty seven years old.
People who are wishing to build com
plain of the high price of board.
The total number of Germans residing
io tbe United States is 1,0'J0,533.
September is claimed to have been the
hottest month of the season in California.
The sting of a bee carries conviction
with it. It makes, a-a. man a bee-leared
at once.
Extravagant misses-wear real gold and
silver buckles on their slippers, instead
of imitation.
CIIICAGOJN ASHES!
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND HOME
LESS PERSONS 'APl'JSAJAAU
FOIL AID. i-
ftlillionairv' Rendered Penniless
iu a Day.
ALL THE PRINCIPAL BANKS, WHOLE
SALE AND IUOTAIL ESTABLISH
MENTS, NEWSPAPER OFFI
CES, AND A SCORE OF
CHURCHES DE
STKOYED.
The Fire Still Raging;
c
5 0 0 LIVES LOST
Several Incendiaries Hanged by
i the Citizens
TIIECTTX TO BE REBUILT IMMEDI
AT ELY.
Chicago, Oct. 9. The most terrible
conflagration that ever, occurred in the
United Slates hes been in progress in this
city for nearly 24 hours, laying the whole
business portion of the city and onc ulth
of all the buildings in ashes.
The fire broke out last evemnir between
9 and 10 o'clock, in a bam in West Tay
lor st., and owing to the inflammable
nature of its contents, tbe building was
wrapped 'in flames before the firemen
arrived., v rom mis msigniucani source
i n 'e
sprang this terrible calamity.
The portion of tbe city where the fire
originated was built up almost entirely of
wooden buildings, closely packeu together
tenanted by carpenters, cabinet-makers
coopers, varnish nianulacturers,intersper3
ed with lumber yards and stores of other
equally inflammable materials. The
wind was blowing a terrible gale and the
devouring element spread so rapidly tha
all attempts to stay its ravages proved
fruitless.
The fire soon reached Clark st., upon
which the greater portion of the fine
business blocks were stuated. all of which
are.destroycd. The Court House, which
was 20 years in building, was swept away
ir 30 minutes. Jhe, fchermau House
opposite the Court House, the new Pacific
Hotel, which was soon to be opened, and
said to be the largest iu the world and
indeed, every hotel in the city is swallow
ed un in tbe sea of fire. When the fire
reached State St., toward the Lake, an
attempt was made to stay its progress by
blowing up the buildings m the vicinity
of Field, Leiter3 Co.'s magnificent dry
goods establishment, but this only scemei
to add to the furv of the flames. Prom
State st., the fire advanced with unabate
fury to the North Division, and scarcely
a vestige of tfye 8,00 buildings on that
side of the river is left. Taking a south
easterly direction, the fire swept through
Madison-ave. and Monroe st., extending
a distance of about one mile and a quar
ter, devouring in its advance The Tnuun
building, Crosby's Opera-Houre, MyVick
er's Theater, aud hundreds of the finest
business houses in the citv. West iff the
Court-House, embracinsr Lasalle, Wells
and South Water sts., upon which x very
lar:e portion of the business was con
ceutrated, everything is swept clean. Th
space burnt over covers an area of nior
.14 1 l i
man nve square mues, wniie the value
of the property destroyed is simply to b
conjectured, some placing it at $100,000,
000, and others even more than this.
it was about 1 o clock tins morning
when the fire crossed the river at Adums
st., bridge and soon destroyed the gas
works, aud then spread itself in every
direction. More than one-hall the popula
tion are now pushing through the streets
in vehicles, which are obtained at enor
mous prices, on foof, and in every other
way, with the choicest household treas
ures in their arms and on their backs in
utter confusion, not knowing whither tor
go. Fearful suffering must follow, and
almost immediately. Full 100,000 peo
pie are at this moment homeless and
houcsless, not knowing where to lay their
heads or get anything to satisfy the crav
ings of hunger.
At noon, the whole business portion of
the city from Harrison st., north lo
Chicago a.ve., and east of the rivet to
Lake ave., was devastated, embracing. a
district three miles in length to a mile or
a mile and a half iu width. The flames
swept through the city with the rapidity
of a prairie fire, and many persous must
have perished.
At this hour (5 p. m.) the awful work
of destruction still goes ou with relentless
fury. From Harrison st., in the south to
Divison -st. in the north, and from the
river to the lake, an area of four miles
long by one mile wide, the flames have
swept everything befere them.
The streets iathe districts still unburn
ed are lined for miles with such house
hold goods as have been saved form
destruction. Most generous offers of as
sistance in money, food, or anything
wanted are coming in from almost every
city aud town throughout the country by
telegraph. The Mayor has responded to
several offers, asking that cooked food be
provided as soon as possible. Firemen
are on their way here from Cincinnati,
St. Louis, and other cities. Tho water
works are entirely destroyed, lluildiugs
aro now being blown up on the line of
the fire to attempt to arrest its progress.
It is believed that the spread of fire
southward will soon be stayed at Har
rison st.; but on the north side there is
is no diminution of its fury, and the
entire division of the city is evidently
doomed to utter destruction. There are
grave fears that the flames may spread to
the west side of tbe north branch of the
river, and the inhabitants of the streets
nearest the river aro already moving t
places, it is supposed, of creater safstv.
The Western Union Telegraph Company
nave now six wires, working cast and
south, running into a temporary office at
the corner of State and Sixteenth sts.
The North-Western llailroad Company
are running trains on both its branches,
which are crowded with freeing citizens.
It is now positively asserted by; some
that the water works are still intact, but
he water lias been shut off from the
South and West Divisions, on account of
the quantity b&'mg used on the north side.
A trnst worthy gentleman, just arrived
rom the North Division, brings the joy.
u) intelligence that the water-works are
uninjured. God grant that it may prove
true
It is impossible now to give even an
approximately correct statement of the
osses, but a faint idea may be formed
when it is stated that every bank in the
city except two small savings institutions,
one on Twenty second st. in South Divi
sion, and one on Landolph st. in .West
Division, is destroyed. All wholesale
stores, all retail establishments, the Post-
Office, the Court House, the Chamber of
Commerce, every hotel in South Division
except Michigau-ave. Hotel, which stand
ing on the extreme southern limit, escap-
ed, 'though it is badly scorched, every
-n- j rr..n k..:ij-
newspaper ouive i uunuing
which was supposed to be lire-proof hav
ing finally succumbed), every theater,
the six largest elevators the immense
depots of the Michigan Southern and of
the Illinois Central llailroads (both the
passenger and freight depots of the
latter), more than a score of churches,
and much of the shipping in the river
all are destroyed.
Men who were miilionarics yesterday
morning are nearly penniless to day but
more terrible than all is the awful
certainly that many human beings have
perished in the flames how many, no
one can tell. Perhaps no one will ever
be able to' tell but it is known that some
have perished, and there is only a heart
sickening fear that the victims of the
fiery monster may be counted byscores.
Hundreds of horses and cows have been
burned iu stables, and on the north side
numbers of animals, though released Irouv
confinement, were so bewildered and con
fused by the sea of fire which surrounded
them that they Tushed wildly to and fro,
uttering cries of fright aud pain until
scorched and killed.
Any attempt at a description of tho
sceuesof this appalling calamity would
be idle. The simple fact that the once
great City of Chicago is nearly destroyed,
that hundreds of millions of active capital
here have vanished, and that nearly one
third ef Chicago's inhabitants are house
less, is euough. Any attempt lo embel
lish' would be anoukery.
As this awful day draws to a close
thousands of anxisus eyes watch the
clouds of smoke, which still roil over the
burned district, with evident dread that
a sudden'change of wiud may turn the
flames upon that portion of the city yet
spared. There seems, however,little causo
for apprehension, and re-enforcements of
firemen from other cities are constantly
arriving. Col. F. F. Wilson, Superin
tendent of the Telegraph, is in receipt
of dispatches from leading cities announc
ing that aid will soon.be provided for tho
sufferers. Col. Clowry of" St. Louis tele
graphs that $70,000 have been subscribed
by the merchants thcro. Cincinnati
promises 8200,000, and Cleveland is pro
portionately generous. All this and a
great deal more will" be needed-So-relievo
the immediate pressing wants.
lNCES&IAUILS HAX5ED.
ClUCAUO, Oct. 10. Five hundred sol
diers are ou duty. This precaution was
uccessary for,, temarkable as it may
seem, there were Scuds who still sought
to extend the disaster. Two men, caught
in. the act of firing houses on the West
side, were arrested and immediately hun
to lamp-posts one on Twelfth-st., uear
the river, and the other three miles away
on Clayborne-ave., Norih side. This
summary actiou has checked the thieves
and murderers.
OUIC.IX OF THE FIRE.
Differcut reports have been given of
the origin of the terrible calamity, but
the following is believed to be correct:
Late on Sunday evening a boy went into
a stable on Dekoven-st., near the river,
on the West side, to milk a cow, carryiuj
with him a kerosene lamp. This wa
kicked over by the cow, and tlie burning
$uid scattered among the straw. This
was the beginning of the great fire.
FIVE IIUXDUED LIVES LOST.
It is fearful to think of tbe loss of life.
It is conjeet, aud with good' cause, that
nearly 500 persons have been burued t
death. Four men were seen to cater
burning building, and iu a momeut they
were overwhelmed by a falling wall.
There was a crowd of men atoucd tlie
corner of a building trying to save property,
when tho wall fell, buryiilg some of them
beneath it. About twelve or CJ'teeu uiea,
womeo, and children, rushed into thiv
building of the Historical Society (a Hi
proof building) for safety. In a fc
minutes the flames burst out, 'aad they
were burned to death. Among tho?
who took refuge iu this building was the
veuerable Col. Samuel Stone, SO years of
age, for a long time connected with the
Society also, Johu 1. Gerard and
and Mad. Depclgrone, the noted teacher
of music. It is feared that Dr.Frear aoA
family ware also burned, as they were
tho buildiug, aud have not been seen
since. Mrs. Idsall, whose husbaml
murdered last week, 'and who was suf
fering from illness, was carried away for
protection to a building which was after
ward consumed, and it is feared she
V 1 ill .i. 1 r..npr4 01
the Historical Soeietv, im ulding the oij'1:lL
copy of the famous Vhnanciption l'nvia'"
c n..:.i...- i i wLirli" tin
Society paid $2,V10l', were- destroyed. H1"
feared that a large number of childien. i"'
mates of the Koman Catholic Orphan Ntuv. t;
on Stato-st., wcro also burned, as man)
them are missing. On Chicago-aye, a tat'11 f
rushed up stairs to cany throe children aW'O; j
when ho was overtaken bv the flames a'"1 j
perished wi!h them. The mother was n"
ward seen on the street on the north-
side, a raving maniac, In tho same licig"'
hood a family of live persons perished. 1
list of such fatalities is very long, allJ, if
nnltf ho fiillv vriffiil nfYor tin smoke
have cleared away. There are luu
families on that side who saved no clota1
but barely their lives. Among thesji
1 T
family of Perry Smith, formerly
of the North-Western Kailroud ComF"f k.
There is a rumor that in a buriie- f'1'
smith-shop ou Hush-st. tho bodies ot l- V;
were found burned to' a crisp, they 'ia
rushed into tho shop to escape l;'uUl
mm ton imp wffn