VOLUME XI.-NiWBER 1866.
CHARLESTON, MONDAY MORNING, DECEMBER 18, 1871.
EIGHT DOLLARS A YEAH
THE STATE CAPilAL
THE WORK OF THE LEGISLATURE.
A, Wise Bill-The Financial Reslora
tIves-.A i.<v. ly Debate on the Bowen
Report, the Consideration of which ls
Postponed to Monday-Miscellaneous
Bas: ness.
[FROM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.]
COLUMBIA, S. C., December 15.
Ia Ibe Senate, this morning, Mr. Dixon in?
troduced an excellent bid to pr?vido for the
protection of useful animals, which prohibits
the killing of deer or fawn between the 15th ol
February and 15ih of October, under a penally
of iwenty dol'are;any person found with Iresh
venison lu his possession during thc proscribed
period In each year to be held responsible
therefor ajd punished accordingly. The sec?
ond section prohi'ots any person from hunting
over the lands ol another, without first obtain?
ing written permission, under a penalty of
twenty dollars. Another section prohibits
the hunting between the 15ih of February
and the 15th of October, with dog or gun, the
catchirg, killing, injuring or sering of wild
firkvys. quail or partridge, ruffled grouse or
beA9ants, under a penalty ot' ten doll irs for
each offence. Section 4 inflicts a penalty ot
ten do'lars upon any person who shall kill
birds which leed on insects, to wit: Swal?
lows, bat-;, whippoorwills, fly-catchers, creep?
ers, orlo e?. nut-hatchers, woodpeckers, hum?
ming l.-irds. cuckoo.?, mocking birds blue
bird-?, red birds and robin?, or auy other birds
whose flesh is unfit for food. Sec ion 5 in?
flicts a penalty of ten dollar.? for the taking of
mountain trout from streams by any other
m -a is than by hook and line between 15th of
October aud *30th of December of each year.
All finos under ihe act tobe divided equally
betweeu the informer and the couniv school
fund.
Mr. W.ilttemore introduced a concurrent
resolution providing that all the State bondi
now in tlie h uni- of the state treasurer be
destroyed lu the presence of the committees
on nu mo-' and ways and moans ot the Senate
and House respectively. Laid over under the
mles.
Both Houses adopted the following concur?
rent resolutions:
Resolved, That his Excellency th9 GovernT
be requests to lnlorm the General A's-mbly
at the earliest practicable day what disposi?
tion has been made of the agricultural land
sci ip donated by Congres* to this Slate.
Resolved, T*>at the nuking fund commission?
ers be reque.'-t?d lo report to the General As?
sembly what property and awls of the S'a'e
they have sold, with the amount} realized by
such sale.
The Senate also made a considerable Inroad
into KB calendar business, passlnjr, among
Others, the following Important measures:
A bi 1 amendatory ot ihe act of August 22,
1868, which prescribes the manner of Keeping
and disbursing the funds ol the Statt?, ihe
amendment taking away from the Governor
the rlj, ht of countersigning the checks upo a
tho treasurer.
f Joint resolution requiring the Slate treasur?
er to report to the General Assembly an ex?
hibi? or all bonds and stocks of the State ot
South Carol'"a, issued since September 1,1868.
and providi... for bis removal from office
should he fall to report.
Mr. Whittemore's bill to repeal the sterling
loan act was advanced to a third reading, a
claim of Mr. James M. Allen was upon the
favorable report of the committee ou claims
ordered to be paid, and the other matters on
the calendar were referred to appropriate
cominillo, s.
In tue lower house the 'expected considera?
tion ot the report of Bowen's special investiga?
ting committee did not take place, and the
proceedings were consequently rather tame.
Among the reports of committees were favo?
rable reports trom tho engro-sing committee
upou the bill to punish embezzlement of
public money, and the bill concerning Slate
and county treasurers, and boil' bill* were
f>as.*eJ. The first of these bills provides that
f auy officer of the State, or ot any county.
City or town, in this Stat-*, charged arith the
safekeeping, transfer or disbursement of public
moneys, shall convert to bis own use what?
ever, or shill osi by way ot investment In any
kind of proper.y or merchandise, or shall
loan, with or without interest, any ponton
of tho public moneys, bonds or other eviden?
ces of the indebtedness of the Stat* entrusted
to bim for safekeeping, transfer, disburao
ment or auy other purpose, every such act
shall bo deemed and a ijadged tobe aa em
bezzlemont ot so much of said moneys as shall
be nus taken, converted, Invested, used or
loaned, which ls hereby declared to be felony;
and the neglect or refusal to ray over on de?
mand any public moneys in his hands, upon
the present a* ion of a draft, order or war ra ut
rlrawn upon bim by the comp'roller, or any
oller officer authorized by law, and signed by
such officer, or to transfer or to disburse any
such moneys promptly, according to law. on
?"the legal requirement of any officer authorized
to make such requirement, shall be prima
facie evidence of such conversion to his own
ase of the public moneys as may be in his
hands. All persons advising, or Knowingly
and willingly participating in such embezzle?
ment, upon bein? convicted thereof before
any couti ot the State of competent juridic?
tion, shalt, for ev?ry such offence, torf-?lt and
pay to the State a hue equal to the amount
-embezzled, and shall suffer Imprisonment .for
a term not le?s tnan six months nor more
than five years.
The bili concerning the State and county
treasurers provides that the Slate treasurer
and county treasurers of thc diff- rent counties
ot this State, are hereby required to keep all
moneys belonging to this State, or to any
county of this State, tn their own possession;
and they are hereby forbidden and prohibited
from placing the same In the possession of a
banker, or bankers, or banking firm, or any
]>erson or persons whatever, to be used by
-.bern for any purpose whatever, for their
benefit, or for the benefit of any other person;
and they are further forbidden aud prohloiied
from loaning, borrowing, or in any manner
using the moneys'belonging to this Slate, or
any county of thi? State, or permit any other
person or persons to use the same, either with
or "without intel st, or other compensation,
for any purpose whatever, except as provided
by law.
The penalty prescribed for every violation
of this law is'Imprisonment of not less t han
one nor more than five years, or a fine of not
less than five hundred or more than twenty
thousand dollars.
Atter some unimportant business, the "bill
to make appropriation for the mileage and per
diem of members of the General Assembly,
and the salaries ot subordinate officers and
other expenses Incidental thereto," was taken
up cut of Its order, and it was wonderful to
seo with what remarkable unanimity lt was
-fpa?K?d. The bill, as amended In committee
and passed by the House, provides "that the
sum ot $150,000, if so much be necessary, be.
and Is hereby, appropriated out of any money
In the treasury lor the payment of the per
diem and mileage of the members ot' the
General Assembly, and the salaries of subor- i
dlnate officers, aud other incidental expenses
of the present session, commencing Novem?
ber 28, 1871: Provided, That .jon? of the above
appropriation shall be used for any other
purpose."
Strike out section 2 and insert: '-That the
sum of $100,000, lt so :ch be necessary, be,
and is hereby, appropriated for the payment
of any outstanding pay certificates for tho per
diem and mileage of the members of the
General Assembly at Its session ending March
7, 1871, including all certificates given to sub
ordinate officers for services connected there?
with."
SEC. 3. That the clerks of the Senate and
House of Representatives be, and they are
hereby, authorized and directed to furnish to
each member of their respective bodies a pay
certificate for the amount of the mileage and
per diem, to Include such dates as the General
Assembly shall, by concurrent resolution,
dh ott.
Ssc. 1. That such certificates shall conform
to the provisions ot Sec ion 23, Article 2, of
the Constitution of ihe Slr te, and shall be cer?
tified by the president of the Senate, and at?
tested by the clerk of tbe Senate, tor all mem?
bers of that body, and by the speaker of the
House of Representatives, and by the clerk
of the same, tor all members of that body.
SEC. 5. That the subordinate officers and
employees of the General Assembly shall, In
like manner, be tumis ned with certificates of
pay, in such amounts as shf.ll be fixed by that
A
branch of the General Assembly to which such
officers and employees shall respectively be?
long: Provided, however, That their pay cer?
tificates, for services rendered common to the
two Houses, shall be signed by the president of
the Senate, and countersigned by the speaker
of the House of Representatives.
SEC. 6. That the treasurer is hereby autho?
rized and directed to pay the said certificate?
at his counter, and to hold the certificates as
his vouchers therefor; and he is also autho?
rized and required to retain in the treasury
office all moneys from incoming taxes.
The hour appointed for the consideration of
Bowen's report; having then arrived, lt was
moved by Mr. Jamison to postpone the same
until Monday afternoon, and quite a little de?
bate ensued with of course the usual latitude
and personalities. Ferguson male an exci?
ted and rather incoherent speech, indulging
in certain dark Insinuations that a concocted
scheme was on foot to stifle investigation and
defeat the ends of Justice; that the committee
sought to fasten the blame on one or two
officials which shott'd be shared by five or
six, and he mysteriously threatened to ex?
pose the whole conspiracy. Jamison came to
the rescue, and the two retired to a corner
where much shaking ot heads and some
shaking of fists was indulged in, but Ferguson
was silenced. The motion to postpone was
feebly opposed by Bowen, but was passed by
the House. Then Bowen moved to unani?
mously agree to allow the matter to take
precedence ot all oiher busineFS on Mon?
day, and to be finally disposed of then, and
when the speaker suggested that such a pro?
ceeding would be wholly Inoperative, he
hurled Congressional precedents at that offi?
cer, who retorted, in effect, that however
binding agreements might be considered
among the gentlemen ol the United States
Congress, they amounted to just nothing at all
in the particular bear-garden over which he
had the honor to preside Then Bowen made
another tack and moved to reconsider the vote
to postpone. Lee Hied to head him oft"by ob?
jecting to his right to make such a motion on
the ground that lie had not voted la the affir?
mative, which forced from Bowen the reluc?
tant confession that ?io had voted lo postpone
the very action which he then seemed desir?
ous of hastening. Jamison, however, moved
to Indefinitely postpone the motion lo recon?
sider, on which the yeas and nays resulted In
a tie. and the speaker voted yes, so that the
whole matter goes over lo Monday, and lt
would be difficult to say for how many dreary
days thereafter, but doubtless till after thc re?
cess. PICKET.
THE WORK OF SATURDAY.
Frittering Away Time In the Senate-
The Champion Reformer Aft?r "the
Rocks"-A Sensible Fence Law-Pri?
vate Executions-Brand-new Divorce
Law?.
[FBOJt OCR OWN CO-RESPONDENT.]
COLUMBIA, S. C. December 16.
The Senate appears to be engaged just cow
ia the kind of legislation that tue '-late la?
mented" used to describe as '-running empty?
ings." They remain in session only about an
hour each day, and ititter awd.v that time with
such odds and ends as happen to come handy.
Ills evident that either the little bargains be?
tween the members are banging fire so that
they are afraid to take up any Important mea?
sure, or else they have determined to let
everything of mportance stand over until after j
the very liberal holiday recess they have voted
to themselves.
The committee on Incorporations reported
back a bill to renew and extend the charter of
the St. Mary's Romau Catholic Church, of
Charleston, with the statement that the act
passed February ?8. 1870, ls full and sufficient
law tor all religious and charitable associations
desiring to be incorporated, and the hope that
all bills coming under that head might be dis?
posed ot accordingly.
The flnauce committee reported unfavorably
on the bill to authorize the reception of mem?
bers' pay certificates in payment of taxes, and
ihe report was laid over under the rules.
A resolution was introduced by Mr. Owen'
authotizlng Captain Parker to lock the stable
door alter the horse is stolen, by providing
fire and burglar proof doors forth? treasury
office, at a cost of not more than fifteen hun?
dred dollars.
Mr. Owens also aimed a blow at the little
army of clerks an 1 oiher camp-followers that
are now bisklng lu legislative clover, by a
resolution requiring the secretary of Stit? to
report the number of clerks employed lu the
engrossing office, by whose authority, Ac.
Mr. Smalls Introduce 1 a concurrent r?solu
tlon requiring the attorney-general to report
what strpj have been taken to carry out the
provisions of a julnt resolution to authorize
the attorney general to employ as ils tance In
certain suit* now pending against the North?
eastern, South Carolina and Cheraw and Dar?
lington Railroads. These are the suits in
which the roads contest the ri.'ht of the State
to tax their property.
Mr. Giillird gave notice of a bill to incorpo?
rate the "Charleston Loan and Joint Stock
Company;" also, a bill to regulate the inspec?
tion and mea-urement of timber and lumber
In Charleston.
Mr. Whittemore gave notice of another bill
amendatory of the free school act.
Mr. Nash Introduced his bill to authorize
fathers to leg llmat'ze their bastard children
by last will and testament. This curious meas?
ure provides that the white father of children
by black or colored mothers, formerly slaves,
shall be authorized to so tar legitimatize, by
bis last will and testament, such children as to
enable them to inherit the same as these born
ia wedlock, provided that such father has not
been married before or since.
The Sen tte thea went at the calendar bus!
ness, and alter disposing of some unimportant
measures, among whlcn was the adoption of
Whittemorr's resolution to provide for the de?
si ruction of the sterling loan bonds, adjourned
at one o'clock.
In the House, this morning, the petition of
Hie Charleston Board of Trade, remonstrating
against Bowen's bill of abominations, the me?
tropolitan police bill, was received and laid
over, to be taken up when Ibe bill Itself comes
up for considera'lon. The whole measure, by
Ute way. appears to be kept in Ihe back?
ground just now, and it is not probable that
anything will be heard about it until after
the holidays, although its origil il lobbyists are
still here, and are apparently as active us
ever.
The judiciary committee reported back the
bill to repeal an act authorizing the Governor
to leave the State at pleasure,'with a signifi?
cant and suggestive substitute. This proposes,
iastead ol repealing the act, to amend lt so as
to leave the Governor with 'be same liberty lo
leave the State that he has no r, but providing
that during his a&senee all ins duties shall de?
volve upon the Lleutenant-Governor.
The same committee reported asa substitute
for the resolution requiring the committee
appointed to investigate the affairs of the land
ummis-iou, to report next Monday, a concur?
rent resolution requiring from the land com?
mission a full report by Thursday next.
The engrossing committee returned, and the I
louse very promptly passed the bill providing
for the payment of the per diem, Ac, the text
it which was reported yesterday, and the bill
Lo repeal an act to aulhotize the Governor to
-raploy an armed force in time of peace.
A bill. Introduced by Frost a few days since,
Lo repeal the act requiring county checks to
oe "i^ned, asa measure ot additional security
against iraud, by all ibo county commission?
ers and countersigned by ttie clerk ol the
board, was cal ed up out of its order by Lee,
and quietly killed by the elision ol its enacting
clause, after some small debate by ?owen,
Smith and others.
Bowen next proceeded, in his character of I
champion reformer of the House, to descant
upon certain granite which he had noticed
was being cut up in the Statehouse grounds
and carted off. He desired io know ail about
that little arrangement, and when reminded
that this was being done by order of the
sinking fund commissioners, he declared that
he did not know any thing or the kind, and
that in fact he bad been assured by the
sinking fund commissioners that it was not so.
tie therefore moved a resolution of inquiry,
which after some further debate was adopted.
Bryan gave notice of a bill to provide for I
election, by the people, ol county commission-!
ers and county officers in 1872.
Smith gave notice ol a bill to incorporate a
village In Christ Church Parish, Charleston
County, which he modestly and euphoniously
proposes to christen Smithville.
Keith introduced bis bill in relation to
e3trays and fences, which, among a variety ot
otter provisions, requires owners of domesti?
cated animals to keep them enclosed, and de?
clares a:l euch animals as are not properly
enclosed or kept within bounds to be estrays:
repeals all acts requiring fences to be pro?
vided around cultivated lands, and provides
that stray animals discovered trespassing
?hall be captured and held for payment ol
damages, which are to be sued for In a pre?
scribed manner, and satisfied by the sale of
the trespassing animals. It also declares that
any person who shall wilfully cause any
animal lo become an est ray, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, punishable by six months'
imprisonment and 11000 fine, and requires
that conies of this act shall, upon its passage,
be forwarded to the Governors of Georgia,
North Carolina and Tennessee.
Gary gave notice of a bill to regulate con?
tracts between employers and employees on
plantations.
Corbin introduced his bill to regulate the
execution of the death penalty, wnich pro?
vides thar, whenever any convict shall be sen?
tenced to death, the court shall cause tobe
made out, sealed and delivered to the sheriff
of the county a warrant stating the sentence,
and appointing a day on which the sentence
shall be executed, which shall not bc less than
thirty nor more than ninety days from the
tlme of the sentence. Section 2 provides that
the execution shall take place In some private
enclosure. In the presence of the solicitor,
clerk of court, probate judge, together with
two physicians and twelve respectable citi?
zens, to alt of whom the shot iff shall give
three days' notice. He must also permit any
minister of tho Gospel and relatives whom
the prisoner may name to be present.
Doyle gave notice of a bill to regulate the
licensing of pharmaceutist? and the sale of
drugs and poisons.
Singleton Introduced a concurrent r?solu?
tion, which was adopted, directing the clerks
of tue respective houses to draw pay certifi?
cates from the members from November 28,
1871, (ihe date ot assembliog.) to Januarys,
1872. (the end ot the recess,) which ls simply
the usual provision for ihe holiday spree.
Bowen gave notice of a bill to establish a
criminal court of inferior Jurisdiction in the
City ni Charleston.
A brace of brand new divorctibllls were also
introduced; and in fact the honorable mem?
bers ot the House would appear to be almost
as much Interested In this subject of divorce
as are the senators in the legitimatizing of Ir?
regular off-ipnng. although ol' course lt would
be unkind to attribute personal motives in
either case. Ever since Singleton's recent di?
vorce bill was unset by a timely editorial In
TUB NEWS, the following bills have been In
process of gestation, and to-day they were
sprung upou the House and referred to the
committee on the judiciary. The first was In?
spired by that pure-minded mau, Mr. Thomas
J. Mackey, (who-, by the way, is moving
heaven and earthier an election to the bench
in the place of Rutland, and has'almost con?
fessed that the essence of hts desire for that
elevation ls In the oppottunlty that would be
thus afforded to wreak his private vengeance
on Fairfield County,) and was offered by Sin
gleton.
It authorizes the granting of divorces a
vinculo matrimonii for the following causes:
1. Adultery.
2. Cruel and Inhuman treatment and ne
gleet.
3. Impotence or physical incapacity to per?
form the functions of married life, when such
Impotence existed at ihe time of the mar
rlage.
4. A conviction and sentence to the peni?
tentiary for three years or more for an infam
ons offence.
5. Abandonment for a period of two years.
6. Where the parlies have voluntarily, on
the part of one or both, separated and lives
upart for a period of four years without re?
ceiving any support or maintenance from the
other.
7. Where the parties have lived apart and
neliher has heard from the other for a period
of five years.
8. Where the marriage was procured
through gross and Injurious traud, or misrep
resentatiun on the part of either of the con
trading ptrtlee, or was the result of threats
and intimidation.
Section 2 ot the bill prescribes the mode of
applying tor divorce. The parly applying
snail give ten days notice by publication of his
or her Intention. In all cases where a divorce
a vinculo matrtmonii ls decreed, both parties
shall ba at liberty to marry again, except
when the court, tor good and sufficient reason
shall otherwise decree. The judge decreein
such divorce shall determine lu his decree the
amount of alimony, and the custody of the
children. No divorce shall be grunted unless
the applicant be a citizen of tills State, and
sh A 1 have resided In the county in which the
application ls made at least six months pre?
ceding the date of the filing of the sime.
The other was Introduced by Hagood, and
provides only two causes for absolute divorce,
the first being adultery, and the second de
sertion for two years. The form of procedure
is prescribed at length, and various providions
are made as to alimony, pending and after the
suit, partition of estates, custody of chil?
dren, i c. The bill appears to be moderate
and proper, and ls apparently modelled, to a
large extent, upon the New York law relative
to the subject. Toe fifteenth section provides
that when an inhabitant of Ihls Slate, whose
marriage sr.r.l: have been consummated there?
in, shall go Into another Slate or country sole
ly to obtain a divorce for any cause occurring
here, and whilst the parties resided here, or
fur any cmse which would not authorize a
divorce by the laws ot this Stale, a divorce so
obtained shall be of uo force or effect lu this
State.
The House then proceeded to the considera?
tion of Its calendar business, and passed the
bill relating lo convicts In the Penitentiary,
which provides "That on and after f he pos
sage of tb s act lt shall not be lawful for any
person or persons who are now confined la
the Penitentiary to discharge any labor on
private property outside of the lnclosures of
the Penitentiary of this State Provided, how?
ever, That any of said convicts may discharge
such labors outside of said Penitentiary which
is for or on such property as belongs to the
8tate; and teat all labor, of whatever charac?
ter, which ls now being, or may here
after be, discharged by said convict or
convicts, shall be lor the exclusive benefit ot
the State. And the superintendent of said In?
stitution shall keep a correct record, stating
the kind of labor and the amount realized
therefor; and the w?ole of which amount shall
be turned ever to the Stale treasurer montnlv
to be retained by him, subject to the draft ?t
the said superintendent, lor the benefit of said
Institution, which dralt shall oe accompanied
by a written statement of the Items for which
each amount ls required."
The bill to provide compensation f jr Jurors
in courts of ititi justices, and for the organi
zatlon of the same io their discretion, when
not demanded by either ot the parties, was
rejected, as was also the bill to prevent ex
tot tiou in office and enforce official duly.
PICKET.
TUE COTTON CROP.
WASHINGTON', December IC.
The cotton returns received in December at
the department of agriculture are similar iu
tenor to the November reports, fully sustaining
the moderate promise of improvement upon
the somewhat gloomy views presented in Oc?
tober; yet the change ls so marked as lo modi
fy materially the prospect first allowed in the
monthly reports for July and September. The
latest returns would Indicate an esiimale al?
most Identical willi that ol the September re?
port for a favoring autumn which could scarce?
ly bring a crop exceeding 3,333,000 bales.
Frosts have been delayed till November, in
some localities till the 20th, and the weather
hos been generally favorable for picking, with?
out waste or discoloring of fiore. A fair ren?
dering of the recent local estimates, which
have been unusually numerous and complete,
give a total aggregate of 3,400 000 bales as the
present expectation of the cotton yield of 1871.
ALL ABOUT THE STATE.
-A little son of Mr. John Kaufmann, of
Walhalla, was seriously Injured in the machi?
nery of a saw mill on the Gth.
-The dwelling of Mr. J. N. Rutherford, of)
Oconee, was consumed by fire on the ?tu Inst.
Nearly everything in the dwelling was burned.
The fire was caused by accident.
During the past week the following persons
have been arrested bv the United States
marshals in Union: R. Bruton, F. W. Cole?
man.* Henry White,* G. M. Morgan, J. M.
Scott and Charles Scott. Those marked
thus are known to be Republicans, and the
Times pays their arrest causes some surprise.
THE KU-KLTJX TRIALS.
THREATS OF THE NEGRO MILITIA
AND ALARM OF WHITE CITIZENS.
A Xegro Captain Threatens ta Kill
"from ilia Cradle I 'p" Expectation of
Arson and Murder-Measures of Self
Defence Taken by the Whites.
[FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER
COLUMBIA, S. C., December 15.
Every seat in the court room was filled at
the assembling ot the court this morning, the
interest manifested in the trial of Robert Hayes
Mitchell, of York County, becoming more In?
tense as witness afier witness was placed upon
the stand by the defence, all of whom testified
In positive terms as to the reign of terror that
bad existed in some portions of the county In
186S, and during the political campaign of 1870.
The evidence adduced to-day was princi?
pally cumulative testimony, agreeing In detail
as to the great fear that had prevailed among
the whites at the times named. Several col?
ored witnesses corroborated the statement,
and all endeavor on the part of the prosecu?
tion to break down their testimony was una?
vailing. The question, "Are yo? a Demo?
crat?" was put with singular regularly by the
prosecution to every colored witness the de?
fence put upon the stand, thereby contradict
in/ their own assertions regarding freedom of
political principle.
Willam Bratton, colored, testified that
he was at one time a lieutenant in the com?
pany of which the notorious Jim Williams was
captain, and that he was deposed from his
position because the two differed In politics
lie stated that Wi Hams told him that he would
rule the country, and If lie could not, he would
Ku Klux the women and children, and kill
i rom iii-* cradle up; he stated that he hud.
heard Williams frequently make Hies* threats
diirlng the month ot January acd Just before
Williams was hung.
S;olt Wilson, wnlte, testified to having had
conversations with Williams, wno said he bad
been down to see Scott, and Intimated that
he would have things hU own way. or resort
to violence.
This witness, who was a large propertv
owner, stated that there were, at tue time the
conspiracy ls alleged, general reports through?
out York County of threats of arson aud
murder made by colored people; that the peo
tile were alarme 1 and panic-stricken, and that
he himself lived at that lime lu fear both of)
life and properly, and had taken extraordl-
nary measures to have his Insurance Increased.
Mr. W. A. Atkins hod heard Williams make
the threats, and knew that tbereiwas a feellog
of terror throughout hts neighborhood. Tnls
witness said Jim Williams had remarked to
him that the best way to settle the difficulty
was tor both parties to go Into the old field
and fight it out. and that if his (William's)
side woa they would murder (rom the cradle
up, and that' he understood by this that Wil?
liams wanted "some luss."
One colored witness was a little muddy In
his description of a breech-loader, and could
come no nearer to it than to say lt was oue of
those guns with the muzzle at the bute
The defence finished with their witnesses
shortly alter one o'clock, several who bad
been called not answering. Mr. Hart, of
counsel for the prisoners, stated to
the court that there were several
Important witnesses on the way to it
tend, who would give evidence upon vital
poluts that had not yet been Introduced, and
which, Just then, he did not care to disclose.
Tue court Insisted that the counsel must s ate
the points he wished to prove by these wit?
nesses before delay could be granted.
Mr. Hart thea said that the greater part of j
the additional testimony to be given by the
prisoners referred to was cumulative, but that
by several lie could prove that the organiza?
tion of 1868 was purely one of self-Jefence
aad protection, and that it had long ago
ceased to exist cf Us own accord. The ue
fence yielded and here closed. Ihe prosecu?
tion placed upon the stand rebutting witnes?
ses who were quite positive that Captain Jim
Williams, of the militia, was an Inoffensive
citizen, and mustered his troops lust In De?
cember, 1870, at the regular musler^round In
York.
Tue prosecution then asked for time to ex?
amine the testimony and prepare their ar?
gument, and until to-morrow, at ll A. M..
was granted, to which hour the court ad?
journed.
The grand jury returned true bills against
James Barnett aud others, and no bill lu the
case of Samuel J. Harvey and others; also,
true bill against Samuel fi. Brown and four?
teen others, all of York County
The quiet serenity ol the rear of the Sta'c
house yard. In the corner where the dumb
rocks never spoak, came very near being dis?
turbed just before the meeting of the Legisla?
ture this morning. A couple of dusky
Othellos, whose words were very thin dilu?
tions of Stitehouse talk, resorted hither to
settle their little difference, but were Incon?
tinently, though perhaps conveniently, taken
into custody before any great damage was
done.
Proceedings were commenced to-day on the
petition of tue taxpayers of the city for re?
straint agalast the surrendering of the city
bonds now lo the Carolina National Bank, as
collateral for the Neagle loan, tor the market
and city hall jobs. The affidavits set forth
that sixty ihousaod dollars have been need?
less y spent In the awarding of contraes, ex?
perienced bodies having been employed to
investigate the matter critically and thus re?
ported. One argument was delivered to-day
tn this case, and it ls to be resumed to-morrow.
THE PRINCE OF WALES.
LONDON-, December 16.
The Prince of Wales has entered upon the
first stage of his recovery. There ls every In?
dication at Sandringham that the danger ls
over. Bulletins have been discontinued. The
Queen has returned to Windsor. The Duke of
Cambridge has returned lo Londou.
THE ARREST OF TWEED.
NEW YORK, December 16.
W. M. Twed was arrested for felony, and,
bail being refused, he was committed to the
Tombs. Later, however, lie was brought be?
fore Judge Barnard on habeas corpus, who re?
leased him for $50,000 bali.
THE WEATHER THIS DAY.
WASHINGTON, December 17.
An area of low barometer, with rain or
snow, will probably advance from Texas
northeastward, and cloudy weather continue
very generally on Monday east ot Mississippi.
The" barometric disturbances on the Pacific
coast will probably develop into an extended
rain. Dangerous winds ar?* not anticipated
this evening,
yesterday's Weather Reports of the
Signal Service, V. S. A.-4.47 P. Sf,,
Local Time.
Place of
Observation.
A'JizuBta, Qa
Baltimjre.
Huston.
Charleston.
Chicago.
Cincinnati.
Galveston.
Key West, Fla..
Knoxville, Tenn.
Memphis. Tenn..
Mt. Washington.
New Orleans...
New York.
Norfolk.
Philadelphia.
Portland, Me....
Savannah
St. Louts.
Washington, DC.
Wtiminston.N C.
NOTB.-Tne weather renort dated T.47o'ciock,
this morning*, will be posted In the rooms of the
Utiamber of Commerce at io o'clock A M., and,
together with the weather chart, may (by the
courtesy of the Chamber) be examined by ship?
masters at aay time during the day.
SOU ZU CAROLINA CONFERENCE OF
THEM. E. CHURCH, SOUTH.
First Day's Proceedings.
[FRCM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.;
SPARTAXBURO, Wednesday, December 13.
The eighty-fourth session of this body con?
vened in the Methodist Church, In this place,
at half-past nine o'clock, Bishop Paine In the
chair, who opened the session with religious
exercises. More than the usual number of
members, clerical and lay, responded to the
ca 1 of the roll.
Rev. F. M. Kennedy was re elected secreta?
ry, with Revs. W. C. Power, 0. A. Darby, A.
J. Stafford and L. D. Austin assistant secre?
taries.
The presiding elders were appointed a com?
mittee of nominations for special committees,
and were allowed to retire.
Dr. A. M. Shlpp submitted certain papers ia
reference to the Southern Christian Advocate,
which were referred to a special committee,
consisting ot Revs. G. H. Wells, F. Auld and
W. W. Mood. The accounts of the Nashville
publishing house were referred to the commit?
tee on books and periodicals.
Rev. Mr. Law. of the Presbyterian Church,
and Rev. E. A. Bolles, agent ol the American
Bible Society ot the State, were Introduced to
the Conference.
The committee on nc:*!'nations submitted
the following report, which was adopted:
Committee on Books and Periodicals-Revs.
L. Wood, J. B. Traywick, J. M. Boyd, R. H.
Wargin and S. M. Rice.
On the Bible Cause-Rev. R. R. Pegues, C.
Benn, J. W. Murray, T. J. Clyde and P. H. Ha?
mer.
On the Minutes-Rev.*. J T. Kilgo, M.Brown,
J. R. Little, G. H. Kirkland unit J. F. Carra?
way.
On the Sunday-School Board-G. H. Wells,
president; G. F. Round, first vice-president; J.
H. Zimmerman, second vice-president; S. J.
Hill, third vice-president; A. W. Walker, fourth
vice-president, and A. J. Siafford, secretary.
On motion of Rev. J. W. Kelly, all financial
operations by committees during Conference
hours was discontinued.
The preachers of one year, after the rpgular
examinai lon?, were continued on trial. W.
D. Kirkland audit. D. Smart of this etas*, hav?
ing also completed the studies ot the second
year, were consequently recommended and
elected to deacons' orders.
The question, "Are the preachers blameless
In their life and official administration was
taken up.
Charleston District was represented by Rev.
A. M. Chrletzberg, presiding elder. The
names of the preachers were called and
passed.
Bamberg District, Rev. F. M. Kennedy, pre?
siding elder, read a favorable account of bis
work, and of the preachers, In the district.
Columbia District was called, and the
preachers pronounced blameless. At this
point Rev. Dr. Smith raised the question as to
ihe propriety of a minister In the regular
work being connected with any secular em?
ployment, growing out of the publication of 1
the "Christian Neighbor" by Rev. L. H. 1
Brown, presiding elder of Columbia District, j
and addressed the Conference in an interest-
lng ant feeling speech. Rev. Mr. Brown
rep'led, disclaiming, as to bis own parr, any
intention to make money by the publication
of the "Neighbor," but to facilitate his useful?
ness; that his paper WAS a co-laborer with the
ministry In exposing vice and error, and In
teaching truth and holiness, and that h's con-
nectlon with lt had not and should not Inter- i
fere with his regular ministerial duties.
The following resolutions were presented by 1
Rev. M. Brown:
Resolved, That lt is the sense of this body
that a Methodist preacher should be a man of
one work.
Resolved, That no travelling preacher in
charge ol work should engage personally in
any secular enterprise.
These resolutions gave rise to an animated
discussion, during which the hour for ad
jo .mirent having ar iv fl. the Conference waj
disffilfs-;d with the benediction by the bishop
until to-morrow morning.
Sirona Day-Thursday, December 14.
Conference was opened with prayer by Rev.
W. Marlin. Bishop Paine In the chair.
Question seven was asked by the bishop,
"Who are the preachers of the third year
and the characters of T. C. Wannamaker, L.
C. Loyal and Wm. Tnotnas were passed.
Examination of the characters of the elders
was resumed.
Dr. Shipp addressed the conference In oppo?
sition to the resolutions of yesterday, offered
in connection with the case of Rev. L. H.
Brown, showing that its strict construction
was at variance with the example ol' St. Paul,
and with numerous precedents in this and
other conferences, and that while the ministry
should be fully consecrated to their work, lt
was not advisable, by a res >iullon of Confer
ence-, to Indicate bow such minister may best
perform his work.
Rev. L. H. Brown affirmed that, while he
was a peace man, yet he wanted e. ?air fight
when lt came to fighting. His object In the
publication of the "Neighbor" was to conduct
a "clean press." and thus counteract as far as
he could the pernicious publications of the
day. Neither did he see the reason why his
connection with a printing office conducted as
his was should be condemned, when others
may cultivate a farm or occupy a professor's
chair in college.
After some remarks by H. A. C. Walker, the
r?solu.Ions were withdrawn, and the charac?
ter ot Rev. L. H. Brown was passed. The
names of the other preachers in the district
were called and passed.
Rev. W. Martin, agent for Columbia Church,
reported that about sixteen thousand dollars
had been collected in cash and subscriptions,
and that the bull ling was progressing.
Sumter District was called, and Rev. W. H.
Flemming, P. E, reported an Improvement
In the spiritual and financial interests of the
church. The characters of the preachers of the
district were passed, with the exception of the
case o? Rev. P. G. Bowman. The presiding
elder stated that Mr. Bowman had been ar?
rest ed and suspended from the ministry for
preaching doctrines In oppos tlon lo Hie star.
uards of the church, viz: that the soul was un?
conscious from the period of death to the
resurrection, and of the annihilation of the
wicked. On mollou of Dr. W. Smith a com?
mittee of thirteen was appointed in accord?
ance with the discipline to investigate ihe case.
Rev. J. W. Kelly, presiding elder of the Ma?
rion District, reported ihe church Interests In
the district as very satisfactory. The char?
acters of all the preachers were approved.
Rev. C Betts, who had been in Itinerancy
fll'tv-three years, was, on motion, granted a
superannuated relation.
Rev. T. G. Herbert, presiding elder of the
Spartanburg District, stated that his emir?
work was under martial law, and regretted
the political excitement existing had Inter?
fered with the tone of piety In the church, and
with the general Interest of religion.
Rev. J. D. Carpenter having left the country
in consequence of being threatened with an
arrest, the Conference, after consideration of
the case, passed his character, and granted
him a location at his own request. No objec?
tion was made to any of the preachers on this
district.
The suspension of the male and female col?
leges during the Conference, together with
strangers from a distance, bring together a
large number bf spectators who seem to take
great interest in the proceedings.
COTTON MOVEMENT FOR THE WEEK
NEW YORK, December 17.
The receipts at all of the ports have been
120.918 bales, against 105,830 last week,
122,126 the previous week, and 104,740 three
weeks since. The total receipts since Sep?
tember have been 1,118,557 bales, against
1,372,557 for the corresponding period ol' the
previous year, showing a decrease since Sep?
tember 1st ol 254.000 bales. The exports from
all of the ports-for the week have been 107,473
bales, against 117,598 the same week last
year. The total exports for the expired por?
tion of the cotton year amounts to 592,609
bales, against 755,168 for the same time
last year. The present stock, as compared
with that for the corresponding week ol
last year, is as follows:
Dee. 17,1871. Dec. 17. 187P.
At all ports.406,472 468,256
At the lotenor towns.71,435 104,346
In Liverpool.458,000 385,001
American cotton afloat for
Great Britain.147,000 310,000
Indian cotton afloat for
Enrope.283,041 133,000
Thc weather South hos been cold In many
sections during the week, although few com?
plaints of rain nave been made.
QPbi?narrj.
In Memoriam.
W. EDMUND O'tONNOR-AII that we expect of
death ta theeod of earthly tc il and the beginning cf
eternal rest. Why, then, should we grieve Tor those
who die ;n the Lord and who carrv their lives
with them aa a Joy forever, and yet'it ls the part
of nature to mourn the ties that are near and dear
to us, and difficult to temper the melancholy sug?
gestions of humanity.
The deceased was well known In this commu?
nity; loved by those who knew him best, and re?
spected br all for the modest virtue, tried Integ?
rity, manly spirit and cultivated intelligence that
Illustrated and adorned the even tenor of his way.
Born on the soil of the State he was reared under
every advantage that affluence could command,
and through the most eventful period of our his?
tory lived as he died, without stain as without
reproach, and unflinchingly true to bis record
and reputation. The earliest duty or hts manhood
was In the armed service of bis state, and tn the
fl rat conflict he vindicate J that line Instinct of gal?
lantry and devotion which, where*er he moved,
was the crown jewel of his Hie. Following the
fortunes of the war he contracted tn Its hardships
the seeds or his last illness, and hts death, though
untimely, was not sudden. Slowly, calmly and
consciously he laid down this mortality and cor?
ruption. Day by day be sought the h?hest conso?
lations of religion, and when the hour came with
its message he feelingly yet willingly exchanged
the dim light of this carewor 1 day for the beatific
vision of another home. If he deep'y shared in
the patriotic misfortunes of his country, he was
greatly blessed In a peaceful and happy dea h.
Kew fall asleep refreshed with so much nope, and
yet we are sometimes sad because the tender
grace of the life that is dead will never come back
to us. But he needs no mournful rhetoric nor
tl ni verse, for like a shaft of Parian marble his
private character, pure In life and yet purer In
death, rises above bis grave, at once tts humblest
and noblest ornament and guard
It is the spirit that qulckeneth; the flesh.it
profl eth nothing.'' _A FRIEND.
Special -Notices.
~?mHWARAmWR OFFICE, GHAI&E&
rON, DECEMBER is, 1371.-With the approval of
lils Excellency Governor Scott, the restrictions
imposed by Proclamation upon Vessels arriving
uto the Ports of Georgetown, Charleston and Hil
ion Dead fi om New York and Philadelphia are
Hereby removed. Captains of Steamers and Pilots
ire referred to private circulars from this office
lated 17 h October las', for their government, and
hey will be held respon-lble for any vi lattou of
he Quarantine Law as sot forth lu said circular.
By order of the Governor.
ROBERT LEBBY, M. D..
decis-l Health Officer.
CONSIGNEES PER STEAMSHIP
JEOROIA, from New York, are notified thst
ihe will discharge cargo THIS DAT, 18th in
itant, at Pier No. 2, Union Wharves. Goods un
.ailed for at sunset wlU remain on the wharf
it owners' risk and expense.
decl8-l WM. A. COURTENAY, Agent.
^CONSIGNEES PEE MERCHANTS'
Line Schooner MYROVER will send to Adger'a
s'orth Wharf for Go )ds before sunset, or they will
je Btorelat their expense. J>o claims allowed
ifter goods are removed.
WILLIAM ROACH k CO.,
decl8-l Agents.
F&- CONSIGNEES PER STEAMSHIP
VIRGINIA, from Philadelphia, are hereby
notified that she will discharge cargo TO-DAT at
Brown's Wharf. Goods uncalled for at sunset will
remain on wharf at owners' risk and expense.
decl8-l WM. A. COURTENAY, Agent.
^CONSIGNEE WANTED FOB FJF
TEEN BAGS MALT, marked E. R., per steamship
Georgia, from New York, November 20. IC not
chimed, same will be sold to pay expenses.
decl8 1 WM. A. COURTENAY. Agent.
JKW THE CHARLESTON OHABITX
ULE ASSOCIATION, FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
FREE SCHOOL FUND.-OFFIOAL RAFFLED
NUMBERS.
CLASS NO. 250-MORNINO.
75-67-45- 5-34-46- 9- 8-21-22-64-28
CLASS No. 251-EVENINO.
14-11-73-13-43-34- 2- 1-20-76-60-37
AS witness our hand at Charleston this 16th day
of December, 1871. FENN PECK,
JAMES GILLILA?D,
0Ct3 sworn Commissioners.
^OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE,
MAIN GUARDHOUSE, CHARLESTON, S. C., DE?
CEMBER li, 1871_Notice ls hereby given to
owners, occupants and agents of ali Lots with n
the City or Charleston, to have all Cellars, La?
trines, Vaults, Sewers and Dry Wells, wit h tn
their enclosures, thoroughly emptied and cleaned
within ninety Jays, and the offal removed, la
accordance with the provisions of the City Ordi?
nance regulating all nuisances likely to endanger
the public health.
Assistant Inspectors of health will be detailed
from the Police force to Inspect Cellars and Lots,
and note all nuisances, on or before the 1st day of
January, and again on the 1st day of March, to
ascertain If reported nuisances have been re
moved.
By order of the Mayor.
JOHN C. MINOTT, Chief of Police.
Official JULIUS A LBPRINOE, Clerk.
decll-7
pr OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE,
MAIN GUARDHOUSE, CHARLESTON, S. C., DE?
CEMBER ll, 1371.-The CHIMNEY CONTACTORS
are hereby notified that, lu accordance with Or?
dinance, they are required to have an Office
where requisitions for Sweeps may be made.
Public Notice of such Office must be given, and
the law requires that the Contractors shall give
notice, In public prtat, of the tims and hour the
Chimneys are to be awept.
Numerous complaints having Leen made of the
Inattention of the Contractors, they are hereby
warned that the tine will be rigorously Inflicted
for any neglect, and the P. lice are Instructed
promptly to report all violations of said Ordi?
nance.
For the convenience of citizens, there will bea
Slate established at the Upper and one at the
Main Guardhouse, where complaints may be dally
recorded; and Chimney Contractors are required
to visit the Guardhouse of their respective Wards
dally, for the purpose of noting such complaints
as may have been there recorded.
By order of tte Mayor.
JOHN C. MINOTT, Chief of Police.
Official JULIUS A. LaPRlNCE, Clerk.
decll-7_
^NATURE'S OWN REMEDY.-CER?
TAIN CURE FOR HEADACHE, Dyspepsia, Dis?
eases of the Kidneys, ?fcc.-SARATOGA PAVIL?
ION SPRING WATER. Try lt. For sale by all
Druggists. decl3-3mo
ft+ PUBLIC NOTICE.-THE RAFFLE
of the Charleston Charitable Association of the
F?UR SPLENDID WAREHOUSES, In Meeting
atreet, opposite Charleston Hotel, and other Pro?
perty, and UNITED STATES GOLD BONDS, will
take place on the 25th DAT OP JANUARY, 1872.
Certificates $5 deci2-tuths6*
.?.ON MARRIAGE.-^
Happy relief for Young Men from the effects
or Errors and Abuses in early lire. Manhood re?
stored. Nervous debility cureJ. Impediments
to Marriage removed. New method of treat?
ment. New and remarkable remedies. Booka
and Circulars sent free, in sealed envelopes. Ad
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2 South
Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. octia
^BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE.-THIS
SUPERB HAIR DYE is the best in the world-per?
fectly harmless, reliable and Instantaneous. No
disappointment. No ridiculous tints or unpleas?
ant odor. The genuine W. A. BATCHELORS HAIR
DYE produces IMMEDIATELY a splendid Black
or Natural Brown. Ddes not stain the skin, bat
leaves the hair clean, soft and beautlfUL The
tnly Safe and Perfect Dye. Sold by all Drag
gists. Factory No. 10 Bond atreet, New York.
)an23-mwflyr
Im neem ems.
0
LD DAN BICE'S
PARIS PAVILION
CIRCUS COMPANY
Will exhibit la Charleston one week, com?
mencing
MONDAY, DECEMBER 25,1871.
Two Exhibitions each day-Afternoon and
Evening.
Introducing the Grandest and Greatest Arenle
Entertainment ever presented tn America, em?
bracing Gorgeous Military and Civic Pageants,
Tournaments, National Grand Entres, Patriotic
Tableaux Vivant, Aboriginal Pampas, See nea and
Shifting Living Pictures ofBe wilde ring Beau ty, and
introducing the moat COMPLETE COMPANY OF
CELEBRATED ARTISTES that baa ever been con?
gregated ror Equestrian and Olympian Pastimes.
ALL THF BEST FEATURES OF THE GYMNA?
SIUM ENTERTAINMENTS OF USTOLD MERIT,
ander the Immediate management of
"OLD" DAN RICE,
(Hla first visit to this city since I860,)
Who will most positively appear at each exhi?
bition In his old time character of the Nation's
Humorist, and Introducing bis BRUTE ACTORS,
the world-renowned "BLIND HORSE EXCELSI?
OR, Jr.," STEPHEN A. D OG CL AS.and the original
notorious Clown Males, Pete and Barney.
This ls the finest Circos la talent and elegance
of appointment ever projected-even by DAK
RICE-and bas been witnessed by the fashionable
world, and pronounced unequalled In the history
of the American Arena.
Doors open at l and 7 P. M. Grand Entres at
2 and 8 o'clock.
Admission-Adults 76 cents; children under
ten years 25 cen ta. S. E. CRANE,
dec?s Agent.
M
RS. MOULTON,
America's Greatest Singer, at the ACADEMY OF
MUSIC, in two Grand MOULTON CONCERTS,
THURSDAY and FRIDAY, December 28 and 29, 1871
assisted by Mr. BROOKHOUSE BOWLER, Tenor,
Sig. F ER RA NTI, world-renowned Baritone Btu*.
fo, and Mr. JAS. M. WE H Ll, the eminent Plants t.
Mr. GEO. W. COLBY, Musical Director. dec 18
^CADEHY_OF MUSIO.
SHAKESPEARIAN REVIVAL.
The distinguished Tragedian,
MR. HARRY SEYMOUR,
Supported by the Elfin star,
Miss EFFIE JOHNS,
And Corps of Twenty Artists, will give SIX EN?
TERTAINMENTS, commencing
MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1871.
RICHARD IO.
Richard III.Mr. HARRY SEYMOUR.
Admission to Orchestra and Dress Circle, $1;
Reserved Seats 25 cents extra. Family Circle, 60
cents. Gallery, 26 cents.
Box Sheets, for any evening during the engage?
ment, open SATURDAY, December ie, at 9 o'clock
A.M. N. LEVIN, Jr., Treasurer.
decUi_

Copartnersijip ?utirte.
rry^^T^iEtjT^sovTE CAROLINA?
A. CHARLESTON COUNTY.-Certificate of Lim
lted Partners']!,) between REUBEN R. HUD il NS,
of the City and County of Charleston, PAUL
QUATTLEBAUM and O AUDIA J. BRODIE, Of
Lexingtjn County, and state aforesaid.
Thia certificate hereby witnesseth that the
undersigned have, by virtue of an Ac. of the
General Assembly of the S ate aforesaid entitled
"An Act to authorize tbe formation of Limited
Partnerships,"passed tn tbe year of our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and
another Act, en tn i d "An Act to extend the dura?
tion of an Aot author zing the formation of
Limited Partnerships," passed m the year of our
Lord one thousand eight haadred and forty six,
and another Act ext&udl g the sam) until re.
?eal ed, passed December 20 tn, iso s-, formed a
imlted Partnership, aa follows:
First. The name or firm ander which snch Part?
nership shall be conducted ts R. R. HUDOINS
A CO.
Second. The ge ner l na'are of the bus ness In?
tend dto be trdU?aored is that of Manufacturing
Lumber, of Purchasing a id Vending Timber and
Lumber, and filling orders for the fame.
Tmrd. CLAUDIA J. BRODIE, of the County of
Lexington, and state of South Carolina I '.'ie
Special Partner, and REUBEN R. HUDGINS, or
t he City am Connty of Charleston, tn the State of
Sonth Carolina, and PAUL QUATTLEBAUM. of
the Connty of Lexington, state of Sooth carolina,
are the General Partners.
Fourth. CLAUDIA J. BRODIE, a Special Part?
ner, has contributed five thousand dot ars ($6000)
to the common steer, of the Partnership.
Fifth. The said Partnership is to date 'rom and
commence on the 28th day of September, A. D.
one thousand eight hundred and ee ven ty -one,
and terminate on the 28th dar of September,
tlghteen hundred and seventy-five.
Witness oar basas and seal i this ?I2th day of
December, 1871.
CLAUDIA J. BRODIE, [L. 8.J
K. K. HU OG IN-. L. s.J
PAUL QUATTLEBAUM, [L. 3 J
Signed and sealed In the presence of
JAS. IL Crans.
A. F. CCBTIS. decis-s
Soots ano St)oes.
THE NEW
BOOT AND SHOE STORE,
NO. 24S KING 8TREET,
OPPOSITE WAVERLY HOUSE.
I desire to Inform my friends that I am no
longer to be found at the "Big Boot S'ore." hav?
ing associated myseif in business with Mr. DAVID
S. CCTTJNO.
We will take great pleasure tn having oar
friends call on ns at oar NEW ESTABLISHMENT,
No. 245 KING STREET, opposite Waverly House,
where we will keep on hand a well selected stoce
of LADIES'. GENTS?, MISSES', BOYS' and CHIL?
DREN'S BUOTS AND SHOES.
At.?0.
TRUNKS, BAGS, VALISES AND SATCHELS.
Our country friends will lind lt to their advan?
tage to examine oar stock before purchasing
elsewhere. Stock replenished weekly.
P. A. CHASE. DAVID S. CUTTINO,
Formerly with Formerly with
"Big Boot." W. G. Whllden A Co.
decl8-mwf-3
irgul Notices.
STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, COLLE
TON COUNTY.-By D. H. FARMER, Probate
Judge In and for said Connty.
Whereas. WM. STOKES. Guardian of JAMES H.
STOKES, made snit to grant him letters dlsmls
sory from said Guardianship. These are there?
fore io cite and admonish all and singa ar tbe
kindred of sid J JAMES H. STOKES, to appear be?
fore me. la the Court of Probate, to be holden In
Waiterboro'. on Monday, tbe 8th day of January,
A D. 1872. at 10 0 clock A. M., after dne publica?
tion hereof, to show canse, If any they have, why
said letters should not be granted.
Given under my hand and seal at Waiterboro',
December 14, A. D. 1871. D. H. FARMER.
Probate Judge,
decl9-ml_per Charles H. Farmer.
STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, COL
LETON COUNTY-By D. H. FARMER, Prc
brate Judge In and for said County.
Whereas, JOHN D. WARREN, Executor or tbe
Estate or THOMAS WAR KEN, deceased, late ot
Colleton Connty, made salt to me to grant bl s
letters dlsmlssory from sal t Baute. These a t,
therefore, to cite ana admonish all andslogu
the kindred and creditors of the said THOMAS
WARREN, io appear before me In tbe Com tot
Probate on Monday, the 8th day of January. A. D.
1872, at 10 o'clock A. M., after doe publication
hereof, to show canse, If any they have, why
said lette s should not be granted.
Given under my hand and seal, at the Probate
office tn waiterboro', the 16th ?ay of December,
A. D. 1871. D. H. FARMER,
Probate Judge.
decl8-m4 Per Chartes H. Farmer.