BELLOWS FALLS, OCT. 27, 1871.
There in no occaaiou lor any overstrain
ing of any raan't pocket, but every per
bou who has a spare dollar should re
member his neighbors lu the West.
The Michigan State relief committee
have issued an appeal to the people of
the United States, for aid to ten or fif
teen thousand people who have lost their
homes, food, clothing, horses and cattle,
in that (state alone.
The rebel and secesh demonstration
by the democrats of Baltimore, add
another dead weight and grief to the
democratic party of the country this
year. This, with the July riots over the
Orangemen, and the Tammany develop
ments this fall, makes up a load under
which any party might be expected to
break down, and it is no wonder that
some of them propose to have no candi
date for president next year. Of course
there are thousands of good democrats
all over the country iu no way responsi
ble for these disasters or the acts of their
leaders, and who in vain sigh for a de
parture" of theseelemeuts from their party-

KovKrsl democratic Daners. in view of
the October elections, suggest that no
regular democratic candidate for presi
dent be run next year, but that they
throw their strength for a "conservative"
republican, and thus divide the republi
can party and defeat the administration.
In other words they wish to take another
new departure." Our democratic
friends are more than ever in the condi
tion of the inau at the fork of the roads
in Indiana, who was told by the IIooBier
in answer to inquiry, that it would make
no difference which road he took, he
would not travel far before he would be
sorry he hadn't taken the other.
Let no one be influenced by a story in
gome of the papers about the exaggera
Uods of the calamity on the western pra
iries. That the amount in dollars and
cents destroyed, is over estimated, is un
doubtedly true, as it generally is in such
cases everywhere, but that hundreds of
lives were lost in the prairie fires that
men, women and children, in some in
stances almost whole families, were act
ually roasted to death is unquestionable
and the story above alluded to is calcu
lated to eive a false impression. From
our point of view it first started in Phil
adelphia, and very probably from some
heartless real estate owner in the burnt
region who most fears the effect on this
own possessions.
Gov. Fairchild of Wisconsin, affirms
that there are ten thousand people in
that State without homes, and of these,
there are few who have not lost one or
more relatives. Of the 1,700 popula
tion of Peshtigo, one third perished in
the flames, while another third were
more or less burnt or wounded, and
one-third only escaped with sound bod
ies and lost everything else. In the ter
rible race for life, which this population
had in trying to flee from the pursuing
fire, the women and children sullered
most. Their light clothing would catch
the blaze, a scream of terror and despair,
a fall to the burning earth, and another
freed spirit. All this not only among
our western neighbors, but among those
most of whom but a few years siuce were
neighbors here in our own New England.
Itcluil lVeliiitf Ht Itiiltiniore.
A 813CKSH rEMONPSt RATION.
A lecture on the life and character of
Gen. Lee, by Gun. Wade Hampton, in
Baltimore, last week, was made the oc
casion of a grand demonstialion by the
secesh sympathizers of that city. L ng
before the time for the lecture, the hall
was densely packed. Jefferson Davis at
tended, and when he entered there was
an uproar of applause which lasted sev
eral minutes. Hampton placed Lee
above Napoleon, "Wellington, and all
other generals of modern times. Not
content with that, he drew comparisons
with the federal generals, whom he de
clared incapable and inferior, except
McClollau, whose name elicited applause.
He declared that their mode of warfare
was a disgrace to any enlightened nation,
and said "We have been defeated, but
I would rather be thus conquered than
thus disgracefully victorious, having ob
tained a conquest by such a detestable
and inhuman a method of warfare."
He asserted that Lee never bad more
han 45,000 men, and always conquered,
though the enemy had three to his one;
be never lost a battle, and the nearest
he ever came to a defeat was at Gettys
burg, which was a drawn battle. Tu
multuous applause followed these re
marks, the audience Beeming wild with
excitement, and boquets were showered
upon the stage in great confusion.
The Fire King Nearer Home.
DESTRUCTION IN WESTERN NEW YORK.
Extensive fires have been raging dur
ing the past week in Western and Cen
tral New York, especially in the swamps
which have become very dry, from the
ilrnuth. Many buildings have been
burnt and much damage done, and a
dense smoke prevailed throughout most
of New England on Monday, creating
alarm in some places.
Tli l'ralrle Flren.
BTORY OF AN EYE WITNESS.
ed.
Sharp from a Tammany Thief.
Tweed, the head Sachem of Tammany,
met the suave Horatio Seymour at Koch
ester, and when the latter suggested that
the former, in deference to popular feel
ing, should keep in the back ground
while the convention lasted, he was met
with this retort I come here branded
as a rascal by the republican press.
Ouly seven or eight years ago you came
to Albany branded as a traitor to your
country by the same venal press. Did
the Democratic Convention propose to
exclude you T No. Now, sir, I would
rather be called a thief than a traitor to
my country." Horatio's reply is not recorded.
A Strange Story. Twenty-five
years ago or so, when the Vermont Gen
tral was in process of construction, Mich
ael Hennesy, one of the laborers thereon,
and Mary Faily, his wife, occupied a
rude shanty near the line of the road in
Bethel, Vt One thirteenth of May,
Michael not having returned from his
work, Mary left her only child, a little
two year old boy, in his cradle alone,
and went to a farm house not far away,
the residence of a Captain Flinn who
rtmoved to parts unknown soon after
for milk. She remembers the pleasant
talk that Mrs. Flinn bad with her about
her baby. She said that it was a very
pretty girl, and seemed much surprised
when told that it was a boy. She went
back to the shanty after a little while,
but the child was gone All the work
men and everybody in the neighborhood
went dragging the river or searching the
hills and woods and everywhere about
but they could find no trace of him
Some eleven years after, the tidings
reached them that somebody had read in
some newspapear that some poor sinner
on his death bed had announced that the
young man to whom he had left his prop
erty quite a large amount was not his
son, but his real name was Michael Hen
nessy. Again, five years after, another
person was reported to have read the
same announcement but in neither case
could the well remembering and still
mourning parents find out any thing
more definite.
The mother would have told this story
to the public years ago, and searched
the world for the pride of her young
motherhood, though she had a nice
large brood of others in the following
years, but that the father sickened
the thought of opening afresh the old
terrible agony, and not till after h
death, some few days since, bad she felt
and determined to ask the editor to ask
his brethren to ask every body else,
so be he knows or has heard, that the
man Flinn or any other man, died an
made such a report of his great misdeed
and that her first born is yet in the land
of the living and where, and do her th
great favor to send her word thereof
through the office of the St. Albans Me
senger.
A Philosophic Chicaooan. A gen
tleman writes Charley can tell you
about the fire, so I won't say anything
about it now, only to remark that we al
ways wait here until other places Lave
made their little demonstrations, and
then we go in and beat 'em. We are the
largest grain market, largest lumber and
pravision market in the world, and now
we beat 'em all on the subject of ruins."
Cheap Music. It is seldom that
cheapness is associated with merit and
real value, but we must make an excep
tion in favor of Peters McsicalMonth
ly. This valuable work comes to us reg
ularly each month, overflowing with
choice new Music some fifteen pieces in
every number. It is printed from 36
Cheerfulness Under difficulties,
Mr. James T. Fields, in his excellent
"Plea for Cheerfulness," cites no inci
dents which are more telling than the
facts which we find in our Chicago ex
changes illustrating the noble efforts
which are being made to be jolly and con
tented. A sign-board appears among
the ruins which reads as follows: "Moore
Gore, House and Sign Painters.
Removed to 111 Desplaines street. Cap
ital $000,000 30." Another sign reads
"Owing to circumstances over which we
had no control." An editor of a daily
paper has received several poetical effu
sions suggested by the late disaster, but
be declines them all on the ground that
it is wasteful to print any-thing which
requires every line with a capital, when
capital is as scarce as it is now in Chica
go. One merchant, who found his safe
and its contents destroyed, quietly re
marked that there was no blame attach
full-size rousic-plates, neatly bound, and j ed to the safe that it was of chilled iron,
sells for the modest sum of 30 cents. ;and would have stood, but that the fire
The publisher offers to send six back i nad taken the ehill all out With pluck
and such cheerfulness we shall expect to
see Chicago rebuilt in three years.
Owing to the system of "patent out
sides." which prevails largely through
the West, many of the papers, West and
Autumn leaves can be perfectly pre-: Southwest, whose outsides were printed
numbers, containing from 80 to 90 pieces
of choice new Music, for $1. Address,
J. L. Peters, 599 Broadway, New Yerk.
Think of it! 90 to 100 pieces of good
Music (224 pages) for $1.
served by pressing them on the back side
between papers with a moderately hot
flat iron.
in Chicago, are now shorn of half their
usual dimensions, and appear on half
sheets.
Mr. James B. Clark of Detroit, Mich.,
was at Uniontown, Wis., during one of
the prairie fires. He says: Beyond,
toward the lake, was the settlement of
Williamson's Mills, comprising about 14
families. The fire suddenly made a rush
like the flash of a train of gunpowder,
and swept iu the shape of a crescent
around the settlement. It is almost ira
poKsibleto conceive the frightful advance
of the flames. The rushing fire seemed
to eat up and annihilate the trees. He
says the roar of the blast was as loud as
the whirr of a great mill. As we stood
looking on, say at about ten o'clock, we
heard another strange sound. Straining
our eyes toward the fire about seven
miles distant we could just discern some
thing moving; now it would appear like
a black mass, and then it would separate
into fragments, swaying to and fro, and
bobbing up and down. It 'came toward
us directly from the lurid wall of flame.
So intense was the glare of light all about
us that our eyes were dazed they ran
with water, and we could only see by
constantly using our handkerchiefs. At
last we made out by sight and sound that
the moving mass was a stampede of cat
tle and horses thundering along toward
usaway from the flames, bellowing, neigh
ing and moaning as they galloped on.
inally they came rushing past with fear
ful speed, their eyeballs dilated and glar
ing with terror, and every motion be
tokening delirium of fright. Some had
been badly burned, and must have plung
ed through a long space of flame in the
lesperate effort to escape. Following
considerably behind came a solitary horse
panting and snorting and nearly exhaust-
He was saddled and bridled, and, as
e first thought, bad a bag lashed to his
back. A he came up we were startled at
the sight of a young lad lying fallen over
the animal's neck, the bridle wound
around his hands, and the mane being
clinched by the fingers. Little effort was
needed to Btop the jaded horse, and at
once release the helpless boy. He was
taken into the house, and all that we
could do was done but he had inhaled
the smoke, and was seemingly dying.
Some time elapsed, and he revived enough
to speak. He told his name, Patrick
Bvrnes, and said "Father and mother
and the children got into the wagon
don't know what became of them. Ev
erything is burned up. Iam dying. Oh,
is hell any worse than this
The poor fellow lay in a critical con
dition when I left. The next morning
we drove down to the settlement. The
first house we came to was that of Patrick
Byrnes, father of the lad before spoken
of. It was a heap of ashes. The brick
chimney, the cooking stove, and iron por
tions of farm tools were the only rem
nants of the place. The forest was burnt
down close to the ground, the stumps
only being left, smoldering and smoking.
Everything was hot. Even the road was
baked and cracked by the heat. About
a mile further on we came to a horrible
spectacle. Alongside the road in a gul
ly lay the bodies of six persons and two
horses, roasted to a crisp. The iron tires
of the wheels, and braces and bolts of
the wagon were scattered about. Here
the fire had surrounded and engulfed
tbem. Evidently the animals in their
mad struggles had reared, plunged, and
fallen headlong from the road to where
they died.
We hurried on. All along the road
lay the carcasses of cattle, sheep, hogs,
and dogs burnt to a crisp. The smaller
animals were almost entirely consumed
Now we came to the village. Nothing
was left but piles of ashes, smoking and
smoldering. In the cellar of one house
we found eight bodies. One of a mau
was in a stooping position over that of a
child, as though he died tryiug to ward
off the flames. This was very likely the
body of Mr. Williamson, the owner of
the mills, who, with hi entire family, is
said to have perished. In the rear yard
of the next house were four bodies, ap
parently those of a mother and her chil
dren. They were scorched, but not burnt
to a crisp, and one cheek of the youngest,
a girl of six, retained an expression of
calmness that seemed to indicate a pain
less death by suffocation. But the most
horrible of all was at Boorman's well.
Mr. Boorman's house was the largest in
the village, and in the center of the vard,
midway between the house and barn, was
a large.butshcllow well. Several of the
neighbors were supplied with water from
this fountain, and it is likely that in the
conflagration, when all hope was cut off,
the neighbors, insane with terror, throng
ed with one purpose to this well. The
ordinary chain and wheel pump used in
that place had been removed, and the
wretched people had leaped down into
the well as the last refuge. Boards had
been thrown down to prevent them being
drowned but evidently therentless fury
of the fire drove them pell-mell into the
pit, to struggle with each other and die
some by drowning, and others by fire
and suffocation. None escaped. Thirty-two
bodies were found there. They
were in every imaginable position but
the contortions of their limbs and the ag
onized expressions of their faces told the
awful tale. All the houses along the
roads to Sturgeon Bay were reduced to
ashes, and in them, or near by, were the
blackened corpses of the ill-fated resi
dents. Twelve only are as yet known to
have escaped. These ran to the lake and
plunged to their necks in the water.
In addition to the above, a dispatch
from Milwaukie, from a committee sent
out from tht city n-port that the evi
dences of wounded in hospitals, and the
dead bodies buried aud awaiting burial,
leave no room to discredit the awful an
nouncements of the disaster in theiire-uf-flicted
counties. There are not euough
living and uninjured to succor or care
for the afflicted. Mrs. Williamson aud
son are the ouly members left of a family
of seven. Her escape almost a niirraole.
Fixing herself on a large pile of staves
in a great clearing, she lay on the ground
with her youngest son, aud heard the
death-gasps of her family aud the people
in the neighborhood. She counts 59
dead, aud not a vestige of civilization
left iu the county.
AVestminster Town Fair.
LIST OF AWARDS.
Premiums awaided at the Third An
nual Town Fair of the Westminster Ag
ricultural Association, held ou Wednes
day, Oct. 18, 1871.
HORSES FIRST CLASS.
Stallions, brood mares aud their colts:
Stallion m It Kimball, 1st.
Brood mares R. V. Banner, 1st,
Geo. Wctherell, 2d.
SECOND CLASS.
MATCHKD AND FANCY MATCHED HORSES.
L. Spaulding, 1st J. F. Perry, 2nd.
The Judges would say thnt Mr. Joseph
Smith had a nice pair and was sorry he
did not get them here in Beason to enter
on the list.
GELDINGS AND MARES.
Best four years old Harlan Goodhue
1st, B T Phelps, 2d, II G Harlow, 3d.
Best five years old C A Nutting, 1st.
FILLIES AND GELDINGS,
Three years old AV R Kimball, 1st,
G C Brailey, 2.
Two years old S S Stoddard, 1st.
TROTTING HORSES IN HARNESS.
A R Cobb, 1st, Orrin Black, 2d, Geo
Weston. 3d.
GENTLEMEN'S DRIVING HORSES, SADDLE
Driving horses W R Kimball, 1st,
C F Arnold. 2d. O L Fisher. 3d.
Saddle horses C F Arnold, 1st, W
R Kimball, 2d.
FOREIGN HORSES. FASTEST TROTTING. AC.
L B Holland, Walpole, N. II., 1st, W.
Robertson, 1'utuey, I.
Carriage Horse F A George, Bellows
Falls, 1st, Warren bhelley, Westmore
land, N. H., 2d.
We noticed a nice pair of horses driv
en by Mr. II. Allen, Walpole, N. H., al
so a pair driven by Mr. James Mitchel of
Walpole, and a fine fancy matched team
by Mr. James A. Howe, Bellows Falls.
WALKING HORSES.
Harlan Goodhue, 1st, W R Kimball
2d.
CATTLE DURHAM?. SHORT-HORNS THO
ROUUHUREDS AND GRADES.
Best Bull over three years old Rob
ert Elwell, Lanedon, N. II., lat.
Best two years old Noah Pratt, Put
ney, 1st.
Best Bull calf-E W Bancroft, Bel
lows Falls, 1st, Robert Elwell, 2d and 3d
cows.
Robert Elwell. 1st, Henry Elwell, 2d
Robert Elwell, 3d.
Three years old heifers E W Ban
croft, 1st.
Two years old Hobert JMweil, 1st.
Yearling beifer Henry Elwell. 1st,
Robert Elwell, 2d.
Heifer calf Robert Jblwell, 1st, ISoah
Pratt, 2d.
leaning Steer .Nathan h isher, 1st
Two years old heifer, Grade W B
Clay, 1st, J JU bhelley, 2a.
Bull calf Mollis Shelley, 1st.
JERSEYS. THOROUGHBREDS AND GRADES,
Jersey cow, four years old F Rich
mond, 1st, D V Wright, 2d, do. 6d.
Grade or native meaning all other
Blood.
Yearling bull Hollis Shelley, 1st.
Heifer W B Clay, 1st.
Calf W B Clay. 1st.
Yearling steer E W Bancroft, 1st,
Herds of any grade not less than
in number and less than three Robert
Elwell, 1st.
WORKING OXEN.
II Goodhue, 1st, E W Lord, 2d, C P
Whitney, 3d.
TRAINED STEERS.
Three years old W B Clay, 1st, Chas
Ranney, 2d.
lwo years old .Robert Klwell, 1st, J
A Pratt, 2d.
Yearlings Joseph Clark, 1st.
MILCH COWS.
John McNiel, 1st, S S Stoddard, 2d.
SHEEP.
Three Ewes American Merinos P
O L Fisher, 1st.
Five Lambs American Merinos P
0 L Fisher, 1st.
A very nice lot of five Grade Lambs
P O L Fisher, 1st.
9 B Watkins of Walpole, N. II. a
Leicester Buck, a valuable one and wor
thy of notice.
POULTRY.
Coop white Leghorns George W.
Kimball, 1st.
Coop white Leghorn chickens Geo
W Kimball, 1st,
Coop brown Leghorns 1 year old, Geo
W Kimball, 1st.
Coop dark Brahmas 1 year old Geo
W Kimball, 1st.
Coop dark Brahma chickens Geo W
Kimball, 1st.
Geo W Pierce, one pair of Turkeys,
fancy matched, weightof cock 30 pounds.
Two coops Bramah chickens Geo W
Tierce, 1st.
One coop Silver Hamburg chickens
Geo W Pierce, 1st.
One coop red Leghorns Geo W Pierce
1st.
One pair of ducks W II Cady, 3d.
Coop Brahma chickens S Cobb, 2d.
S Cobb, ducks, 1st, do. pair Scova ducks
1st, Johnnie Richmond, 1 coop Brahma
chickens, 2d. Chas Metcalf, coop Leg
horns and Brahma chickens, 1st, Geo
French, Fan-tail pigeons, 1st, EB George
1 coop ducks, 2d, do. 1 coop Brahma
poultry, ddrankspaulding, coop Brah
mas, 2d, do 1 coop white Leghorns, 2d,
do 1 Sea Bright Bantams, 2d, do Black
Spanish, 1st, do 1 coop of Hamburgs, 3d,
II Goodhue, 1 coop Brahma chickens,
S A Peck, 1 coop Brahma and Leghorns
3d, C A Peck, 1 coon Brahma chickens
2d, James May.Sea Bright Bantams, 1st,
DAIRY,
Ball butter John McNiel, 1st, Mrs.
Marvin Davis, 2d.
Tub butter John 11 Minard, 1st.
Cheese John B Minard, 1st.
GRAIN.
N G Pierce on corn, 73 bushels, 54
quarts ou one acre, 1st do. 2 traces 12
rowed seed com, 1st; if llayward, eigtit
rowed seed corn, 1st J Farwell, seed.
corn, 2d B F Richmond, seed corn 3d
W R Kimball, Sanford corn, 1st; W 15
lay, haniord corn, 2d W K Kimball,
Evergreen sweet corn, 1st Henry Sabiu
two varieties oats, 1st and 2d.
TOBACCO.
S K Cobb, 1st, E M Lord, 2d.
FRUIT.
Quinces II C Lane, 1st.
Apples, 5 varieties Alvin Wright, 1st
VEGETABLES.
N G Pierce, Prince Albert potatoes,
st; F Richmond, Hubbard squash, 1st;
Richmond, 4 samples beans, 1st H
Saff'ord 43 varieties potatoes, 1st Geo
Wetherell, Early Rose, Cuih and io 2,
1st F Hay ward, Early Rose, 2d, Jersey
Peach Blow, 2d, Wortzel and Turnip
beets, 1st, 2 varieties turnips, 1st; Chas
Rice, squashes, 2d Geo Wetherell, string
onions, 1st; John Gocha, Boston Red po
tatoes, 1st; W R Kimball, Spaulding's
seedlings, Brook's seedling, 1st E W
Bancroft, Kellows .frails, samples carrots
and beets, 2d W B Clay i bushel onions,
1st; K L Crowell 3 varieties beets 1st;
Henry Sabin, 6 varieties potatoes, 1st;
John B Minard, Clapp seedlings, 1st.
MAPLE SUGAR AND HONEY.
J Farwell, maple syrup, 1st; S Cobb,
maple syrup, 2d OF Peck, tub and box
ugar, 1st; JUrs J farwell, can ot black
berries, 1st Mrs D C Gorham, 2 jars
apple jelly, 1st Mrs C Chase, can peach
es, 1st; can artichokes, 1st.
MANUFACTURERS.
O II Whitman, 1 buggy, 1st F Rich
mond, Ladies work box, 1st C Chase,
samples baskets, 1st D A Hills samples
bricks, 1st; A 11 liurge, Lutkin a pa
tent seli-operating brake tor wsgons, 1st
J Dunham, Athens, ox bows, 1st; G J
Austin, Bellows rails, bay and straw
cutter, 1st, also Sprague mower, 1st; A
W uliams Uo.,c-axtoDsKiver, extension
table, 1st; W H Upham, Bellows Falls,
samples of work done by Weed sewing
machine, 1st Locke Howard, Nix-
tons River, stove, 1st D A Russell, al-
pole, Is. II., towel and toilet racks.
1 hese racks are a very useful article,
C J Perham, agent, Athens.
HOUSEHOLD ARTICLES.
Mrs Adeline Ball, Bellows Falls.ppread,
1st Mrs Mary B Hoadly, Drewsville,
N. H., quilt, 1st; Mrs S W Holton,
quilt, 2d lira r Royse, Drewsville, Is
ti., 6a Mrs b W Holton, lounge quilt,
1st Mrs Dorr (Jlough, Putney, rag car
pet, 1st Mrs Hiram Nutting, rag carpet,
2d Mrs Mary si Hoadly, Drewsville, JS
11., 3d Mrs Bennett of Putney, bad a
very nice rag carpet but did not come in
until the committee had reported. Miss
Delia Hitchcock, chenille rug, 1st; Mrs
Ira Wiley, 2 braided rugs 1st Mrs Hor
ace Goodhue, mittens, 1st; MrsS Royce,
Drewsville, Is. H., copperplate 90 years
old, also pillow case made in 1815 Mrs
L S Richardson, Drewsville, N. H., tow
eling made in 1815; R L Crowell, nice
lot of lurs, 1st.
FANCY ARTICLES.
Mrs A Rice, fancy bracket, 1st Miss
Frank Wiley, worsted tidy, 1st Mrs L
Spaulding, worsted tidy, 2d Miss Ida
Ball, Bellows I1 alls, worsted tidy on can
vass, 1st Mrs Asa Carpenter, Walpole,
N. H., thread tidy, 1st Mrs. L. Wat-
kins, thread tidy 2d; Miss Sarah Fish
er, 3d Miss Kate Wiley, piece tatting,
1st Mrs P Rice, tucked shirt bosom,
1st; Miss Inez Morse, silk, bead and
worsted pin cushion, 1st Alma Fisher,
4 years old, patchwork, 1st Mrs Asa
Carpenter, boquet of flowers, 1st Mrs
W B Clay, boquet of flowers, 2d Mrs A
B Dascomb, Woodstock, atghan, l9t
Miss L A Gorham, husk frame, 1st Wil
lie Fisher, picture frame, 2d Miss S J
Gorham, pin cushion, 1st, watch case; 1st;
Mrs L Spaulding, watch case, 2d Mrs
Asa Carpenter, toilet set, 1st, pair slip
pers, 1st, shawl straps, 1st, basket of
blackberries, 1st Miss Delia Ranney,
collar, 1st Miss Emma Pattersoo, col
lar, 2d Miss C F Brown, set of curls,
let MraN WOaks, lamp mats, 1st Mrs
Chas Nutting, wax cross, 1st; Miss Car
rie Ward, perforated paper cross, 1st
Mrs L Roberts, 5 varieties of moss wreath s,
crosses, &c, 1st; Mrs C Chase, 9 varie
ties of moss wreaths, crosses, &c, 2d
Mrs S W Holton, 69 years of age, em
broidery ou linen cambric, 1st; George
trencn, collection ot eggs, 1st.
FOOT RACE.
Frank Anger, 1st Wm. Anthony,
withdrew.
The show of horses this year was good.
The show of catttle from our own town
was not very well represented. There is
plenty of good stock in town, but people
had rather go to a fair with nothing to
look after, than to exhibit their stock,
But we think it is for their interest to
bring out their products of the farm as
it is a good advertisement for them. We
know of men that came here to buy some
good stock, a good cow for instance, but
as it was not brought in it could not be
sold on that day, although there is stock
in town to be sold and good, but people
do not know it. We hope next year
should there be a fair, that people will
take a little more interest and bring out
their products.
Floral Hall was very well represented.
We think the attendance of people this
year was much larger than the preceed
ing years and everything was quiet and
peaceable during the day although the
rain drove some away.
The horribles made their appearance
about 11 o'clock which attracted great
attention. The boys must have exerted
themselves somewhat in order to make
them look so like evil ones. Some peo
ple thought their performances were the
best of the fair, but the rain broke up a
part of it, however it went off well and
we are much obliged to the boys for fur
nishing so much amusement at this time.
On the whole we call the fair a success,
and we think the people went home well
pleased.
A Victim of the Pkaikik Fiuks
A Sai Cask. About ton years ago Mrs.
Grace Coon, daughter of James Coon, of
Fort Anu, went to Wisconsin as a school
teacher, where she subsequently married
a Mr. Newberry, and settled near the
village of Peshtigo, Wisconsin. There
they lived happily till they had two chil
dren, an I till they were overtaken by
those terrible fires that have destroyed so
much of the Western world. On the night
of the 8th iust., almost without a mo
ment's warning, their dwelling and in
deed the whole vicinity was attacked by
the flumes and they had time only to
run for their live?. But horrible to re-
late, the fire overtook them, and the hus
band with the two children were burned
to death. Mrs. Newberry was badly
burned, but saved her life by throwing
uerself into a pool of water, where she
remained nine hours while the fire raged
all around her. Her lather has taken
measures to bring her home immediate
ly. Her brother, George Coon, in the
same vicinity, tiy a desperate struggle
saved his own life and that of his family,
but lost everything else. Of the New
berry family, the father, four sons two
daughters aud their eight small children
perished in the flames. Troy Pre.
The Nation's Defenders. The Pen
sion Office has compiled the annexed list
of the number of soldiers serving in the
wants in which the nation has been en
gaged since the year 1775:
War of th Rovolution 275,000
War i,f 1H12 r2T.ti!7
SeminnlR War of 1K17
lack Hawk War of 1S.2 8.031
Pluriila Waro!'lS.ili nf 1X42 ill.lf.1
Crock ilinturbamn of lHlili li-WJ
Southwestern ihsturbam'eB ul lHtti 2,wt3
Cherokee country jiMurbanre of IK:'
New York frontier iliianrbam-eH l.fc'W
Canadian rebellion 1.1"
Mexican Warol l!Mi i.i.lSiO
War ol the rebellion of lsol 2.iiSn,oit
It is said that Alexander II. Steph
ens rarely stops on a political article un
til the office runs out ot type.
A picture of life iu Mexico "Two
gentlemen of the highest rank in society
meet in the evening in a street of the
capital. What o'clock is it, senor
politely asks the first. The other stops,
draws his revolver and covers his inter
locutor, then takes out his watch and
gives the desired information. Number
one thanks number two, without the
least surprise or remonstrance at the
measure of precaution.
The Columbus (Ohio) State Jour
nal says A deformed chicken of com
mon breed, the deformity resulting from
a broken back, was entered at the Mus
kingum County Fair as a Hungarian
cock of theSlavi Magyar breed, just im
ported, and the sapient judges, after
gravely inspecting it, awarded it the first
premium over one of the finest poultry
shows ever seen in the country."
OSGOOD BARKER,
MACHINISTS
AND IRON FOUNDERS.
MANUFACTURERS OF PULLIES,
GEARING, SHAFTING
Chesapeake k Ohios-Five Twen.
lies-Central Purifies.
Banking Omui or
FISK AH AT CH
So. 5. Samu Street, Sew York,
Srtttemher 25 1K71,
Or the F1KTKKN MttLlOX CU KSAPKAKK atul
OHIO SIX IKH CKNTLOAN, but about W,5oo,uio
remainunsold, and this remainder will b tukuo up
Tbt) tive yearp option having expired on all ieris
of FIV K-TW KM Y BON DH, xoeit mi and I,
they aro liable to be called in for payment. The re
demotion of 1U0 million FIVK TWENTIES in coin
and the purchase by the (lorernment during the
emu ina four months, with the premium thereon,
will release about V million of invested cupiui,
independently of dividend and Inturtwt payniunU,
the srvater part of wnich mut seek reinvestment,
THE CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO SIXES
have absolutely 30 years to run are enpecially de
nimble tor steady investment, and can now be
bought
17 ptrr ermt. Iea th Tea fertlre,
tfO per erut. I cm ihnn Plve-twenlle
25 prr crm. lews Ihwo Slifi mf 1HHI,
and are equally sure to be paid principal aud Inter
est in fold ooin. Their amount in limited by the
Trust De.nl to 15.(H)O.OiiO. Price (at present) 03 and
swwruod interest, that is, with coupon attavhod, pay
able Nov. 1.
$1,000 CheHHpcake and Ohio Bond costs to-day
o00 Chesapeake and Ohio Bond coats to-day $477..
08.
100 Chesapcakeand Ohio Bmd couU to-day $95,.
42.
Only a small a mount of the latter denominations
remains, and no more can be made. Bonds are in
coupon or regutteied form, dame as Five-twenties.
This debt is created by the Chesapeake and Ohio
Railroad Company in order more speedily and effect
ualiy to extend and complete the main line of their
Ruad to the Ohio River. This workthe BMJt Itm
prlnnl Inirrsial ItHpraveaurMl mw pr.
HreBlMg In Ike ceanirr-U rapidly approacQ.
inc completion. It will establish another and supe
rior line of cummuuication between the Ohio and
Mississippi valleys aud the eastern cities; brini'tttg
ten millions of people, mainly producers, nearer to
the centres of consumption in the KaHtern States,
and nearer to the political and commercial capitals
of their eountry. Huch is the com m ami in t; import
ance of this Trunk Line that the larger cities of the
West are projecting feeders to connect with it, so as
to avail theiiiM-lvp of its unequalled facilities as
!oon a it U completed. Lartre tracts of valuable
cunt and iron land alone tU route are pawing Into
the hands of practical miners and iron manufactur
ers a large city is springing up at the western ter
minus, the bead of reliable navigation on the Ohio
where it intersects 12.UOU miles of river transit, and
will soon be in connection with 30,000 miles of rail
road carriage.
The CuvriEAl. Pacific Six Pkr Ckkt. Bond, are a
t-afe for investment as Government bonds. Their
amount fixed b act of Congress at SVSKVu, v se
cured by property worth four times their vIue;they
can only be bought in the open market, and are be
coming scarcer in consequence o their gradual ab
sorption by investors here and in Europe; they
hv a ready narkrt fa all the priHetp!
taaacy-r-aire and have still twenty-four jean
to run; the earnings of the road aresteadily increas,
ing. and will probably reach $10,000,000 for the cur
rent year, aflording a handsome surplus after pay
ment of expenses and interest. Present price,
to hr.
ben the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad is eom
pletM, in l7ii, And the iionUs are dealt in at the
ftttKk. Exchanges of the world, we have no doub
they will be equally popular with the Central Pin-it -icf.
Both principal auU intercut ot the Centm! Pa
ciiic aud Choftpvake and Ohio hondrt, are Hpecitioat
ly payable in gold coin in Nw urk; the interet
ou tlte former being pant January and July, nod i
the latter. May ani .November, corrwpuuUiug with
the twoclarpurt ol r ive-tweutto.
V e recommend euuer t tln-in to our friends and
ruftouitrs with the Mute eMtiticnre lUttt we
did ib Kire iwrmr bvat, ntivn w vr
selling millions ot them fur the tuiteU bisoea
erntneiil.
V) e bay and sell Five-Twenties. Ten-Forties.
Eitchty-One-s, and Central or Wwiera Pactnua. orrr
-ive tli ui in pavment for Ctiunaoeake and Ohio
Jit.n s aitbeir market current price.
Order tor Cbeapeake ami univ bonds, accompan
iett with Uniit or Cheekd, luay be forwarded us by
mail. Bond or money may bv forwarded by ny re-
pomdble Expres Company at our expense. anl the
Ihttsapeaku atni Ohio iionds, in exchange, will be
bent by return Ex pre, charges pani.
r irh. k. tiAicif.
P. 8. Account of Banks, Bankers and others re
reived on which we allow i our pvr Cenu interest.
Ceriitieates of deposit uued aud Co I loot ion made
in all parts ot the L nion.
IIakvkv Fisk..
A. 6. Uatch. 40-43
AND MACHIXE WORK GENERALLY.
Job Work, repairs and Forging.
General
16
BELLOWS FALLS. VT.
CURE FOR SCRATCHES.
WarranW a sure and speedy cure in all case of
Scratches on Hore; alno cure Calks, tint U. Sore.
Sprain, Cown' Sore Teat an J Flte'n Wuuntls of
whatever nature. I'nce w cents and f 1.00. Manu
factured by
J. R. II A LI j. Xevrporl, Vt.
And sold by DmirinsU generally.
GEO. C. GOODWIN CO. and HENRY A CO.,
General Agents. 3tMa
Poster nrul JVIerrill.
DEALERS IN
PIANO FOUTES, CABINET OR
GANS AND MUSICAL MER
CHANDISE OF ALL
KINDrf.
Colony's Block, Keeae X. II.
E would call special attention to the advantage
ft of selecting Instrument at our rooms, whar
can be seen, and beard, at all times, side by side.
PIANOS and OKiAS. of all the principal makers
in the United States. Save time and money, come
and see, and hear before you parchaae an Instru
ment, G. W. FOSTER. S. F. M ERRTLL.
WARFIELD'S
COLD WATER SOAP.
IT willwajh thoroughly in any kind of water, with
out heutiug, and will be found a
GREAT SAVING
of FUEL. CL0THE3 and LABOR.
Warranted not to inlure the most delicate fnhrie.
and no other oan is o good for the skin. TRY IX
WILL YOU Manufactured by,
A. L. CUTLER CO.
BoMloa, Maw.
For sale by all Orocera. 31-43
JHE VERMONT
STATE NORMAL SCHOOL
AT RANDOLPH CENTER.
FOR THE NKXT FALL TERM I
beirin Tuesday, Angnt 22.
The first Quarter
end. Friday. November 3.
The Scnnl Otmrtor beirini Monday, Not. 6.
ine second Quarter J miU j,-rjdayi anuary 12,
EDWARD CONANT, Principal.
Randolph, July, 1871. 28-47
iyY TEA and COFFEE can't be beat.
O. F. WOODS.
CEMENT,
ROSENDALE CEMENT.
FRESH from the Manufacturers, at whole sale or
retail, by the enr load it parties wish. There is
no better Cement Manufactured in this country than
the ROSENbALE CEMENT.
ARMS A wn.SON.
August. 30. 1871. 35
THE AMERICAN
LEVER
HAY AND STALK CUTTER.
THE BEST THING MADE.
NEW SIMPLE AND CHEAP
FOR SALE BY
Bellowe Jelli, Vt.
G.J. AUSTIN.
30
The Cause and Cure of CoiiHumptluu
Tbe primary canxe of Consumption u derange
ment oi the diffeuve ortcaoa. lma derangement
irodu-w (iHU'ient nutritiun and atitmilatiun. iJy
lutaiiotUtion 1 mean that prix-us by wnich the nutri
ment ot the tKxi i converted into blood, and thence
iuto tbe tfoiiiia of the body. ienon with digeetton
thus mipHitxi, having the iiitfhtet prediiuuiou to
puiinunury dite&e, or it they take cold, will be very
liabJo to have Cutisuuintion ot toe Luutro in some uf
it iorms; and 1 hotd that it will be impoimible to
cure any case ot Contain )tiou wiihouttirst restoring
a good dues lion aud healthy iuiilaiion. ine very
hi xt thiutj u be done M to cleanse the Ktontacb anil
bowel Iroui ait (lieeaed tnucun aud ulime which u
clogging thoe organ bo that they cannot pvrtorm
their tuiictiuua, and then rou up ana restore the
liver to a heulthy action, tor thin purpose, the
iuretand beet remedy u Scheni-k'i ManUmke Filin.
1 hee Fill cleanse the ctou ach aud bowvln ol alt
Uie dcud and morbid eiime that i causing diHMue
and decay in the holepycteui. lbey will clear out
the liver ot all duteafcu bile that haa accumulated
theie, and aroune it up to a new and healthy cUon
by which natural and healthy bilem secreted.
The HtomiU'h. bowels and lirer ure thui ft earned
by the ute ol bchetick s Mandrake J'tlla; but ther
remains in the stomach au eioee of acid, the orgaat
torpid, and the appetite i poor, in the bowel,
the Incletiltf are weak, aud requiring strength a4
duppurl, it la in a ccuduion tike this that benenvk
.Seaweed 'ionic proves to be tbe wont valuable rem
eOy ever uncovered, it is ulkaliuc, and tut ane will
ueutrtt.uei.il excee ol acid, making the stomach
sweet and tresh it w ill give permanent tone to this
important orun. and create a good, hearty appetite
and prepare inu ayittem for the brut proce ol a
good digetUiou, anu ultimately make good, heaJioy,
living blood. Alter this preparatory treatment,
what remit utx to cure inuxl eaea ot conRumpiiua t
the Iree and persevering use of cx-henvk's Fulrautnc
Syrup, ine i'ulmonic syrup nourishes the yrtem,
purities tbe blood, and in readily absorbed into the
eircuiatton, and theuce diftributed to the diseased
lumt, lucre it ripens all uiorbitl matters, whether
in the form ol absccnises or tubercles, and then a
iru Nil lure to expel all tbe deceased matter in the
form of tree exnwtoration, when once it ripens, it
i then, by the great healing aud purifying proper
ties ot Hchenck s Vulmouio byrup, that all ulcers
and cavities are healed up souud ajid my patient t
cured.
The essential th ng to be done in curing Confonip
tioniatogct up a good appetite nod a good diges
tion, so that tne body wilt grow in flej-h and get
ttrong. it a person hasueceaaed lungs, a cavity or
abscess there, the cavity cannot heui, the matter
cannotripen, so long as the system is below par.
V hat ueceeoary to cure is a new order ol things,
agotrd appetite, a good nutrition, the body to grow
intieshaiid get tat; then Mature is helped, the
cavities will heal, the matter will ripen and be
thrown oil in large quantities, and the person re
gain health and strength. This is the true and only
plan to cure Consumption, aud if a person is very
bad, if tbe lungs are not entirely destroyed, or event
it one lung is entirety gone, if there i enough,
vitality lelt in the other to heal up, there is hope.
i have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live aud enjoy lite to a good old age.
i bis is what bchenuk's medicine will do to cure
Consumption, lbey will clean out the stomach,,
sweeten and strengthen it, get up a good digestion,
and give Mature Lhe aetMrtiauce she needs to clear liie
system ot all the disease that is in the lungs, what
ever the form may be.
It is important that, while using Sen e nek's medi
cines, care should be exercised not to take cold
keep iu-doois in cool and damp weather; avc1
night air, and take out-door exercise only in a geftv
al and warm sunshine.
i wish it distinctly understood that when I recom
mend a patient to becaretu' in regard to taking cold
while uiig my medicines. I do so lor a special rea
son. A man who has but partially recovered front
the e fleet ot a bad cold wlr more liable to a relape
than one who has been entirely cured, and it is pre
cisely thesaiue in regard to Consumption. &o lout
as the lungs are not perfectly healed, just so long at
there imminent dauger of a full return ol the dis
ease. Hence it is thati so strenuously caution pul
monary patients against expos tug themselves to an
attm'tfpbere that is not genial and pleasant. Con
firmed consumptives' lungs area mass of sores,
which the leat change of atmosphere will inflame,
i he grand secret of my success with my medicines
constats in my ability to subdue inflammation instead
of provoking it, as many of tbe laculty do. An in
flamed luug cannot with safety to the patient be ex
poped to the biting blasts ol winter or the ehiliiuf
winds of spring or antumn. it should be carefully
shielded from all irritating influences. The utmost
caution should be observed in this particular, as
without it a cure under almost any circumstances t
an iuiposfibitty.
The person should be kept on a wholesome and nu
tritious diet, aud alt the medicines continued until
tht body has restored to it the natural quantity of
hTh and strength.
i was my net I cured by this treatment of the worrt
kind of Consumption, and have lived to get tat and
hearty these many years, with one Jung mostly gone
i have cured thousands since, and very many have
been cured by this treatmeut a horn 1 have never
seen,
Aboot thefirct of October I expect to take poses
ion of my new building at the uorth-east corner el
Sixth and Arch nreets. where I shall be pleated t
give advioe to all who may require it.
r oll directions accompany all my remedies,
that a person in any part of the world can be readi
ly cured bya etrict o beer ranee of the name.
J. ii. SCHKNCK. M.P
Philadelpbia.
GKO. C. COODWI.V CO.,
BOSTON,