o
i
a
vr i sir if
3
WII.MIXCSTOX, X. V.
FUI DAY, DECEMBER 15, 1871.
From tlic Raleigh Sentinel.
NORTH CAROLINA LEGISLATURE.
SENATE.
Wednesday, Doc. V-k 1.S71.
Mr. Love introduced a bill to pay oil' ami
adjust the entire deht of the State. Placed
on calendar and ordered to he printed.
Mr. Edwards pr rented a memorial, an
ronipanied by a hill, in relation to tab s
jurors. Beferred.
A message was received from the hou.se
announcing its l.on-eurrenec in the Senate
proposition to raise an additional joint se
lect committee on re-districting the State.
Mr. Troy introduced a hill to amend the
charter of the Fayetteville and Florence
liailroad Company.
Mr. Love, a hill to cure a defect iu the
advertising of the sales of real opiate.
Mr. Troy, a bill to amend and extend
the charterof the Bockiish M::ni?theLuring
Company of Fayetteville.
Mr. Cook, a biil to reinstate arid supply
records of the' former County Courts.
Mr. Brogden, a bill to repeal chanter 1J:.',
publie laws of 167071, in regard to elec
tions. Mr. Maunay, lroni tie commute-- on
printing, announced the' termination to- -day
of the contract 'with the State printer j
and stated that a temporary ariangenient
would be made wiih the State printer pend
ing a permanent arrangement of the mat
ter, j
Mr. Menimon introduced a bill to incor
porate the Brevard and Waynesville f urn
pike Company.
The chair announced the following as the
Senate branch of the joint .select committee
to redistriet (lie State, i. 1st, district, Mr.
Latham; 2d, Mr. Allen; :id, Mr. hong; -!!h,
Mr. Graham, of Orange; .3ih. Mr. Darnell:
Cth, Mr. Cowles; 7th, Mr. Love.
The .special order, the bill to alter the
constitution of North Carolina, was taken
upon its second reading. The question
being on the adoption of the substitute of
the committee on constitutional lelorm.
The amendment was adopted.
The question recurred upon the passage
of the bill as amended.
Mr. Brogden thought the amendments
should be considered separately, lie
thought the amendments should go to the
people separately and stand or fall on their
own merit.;.
Mr. Dobbins, of Rowan, stated iu reply
that all amendments heretofore were sub
mitted and adopted or re jected in a body
instancing the amendments of ls:"-", lOo',
and the present constitution. rlhe neces
sity of the case required such a mode, for
the striking out of onej feature of the eon
Ntilulii'n necessitates other amendments
which could not be separately considered.
Mr. Lehman gave notice ,f an amend
ment to the whole bill.
Mr. King favored much that was in the
bill, but was oppo-ed to re-establishing the
County Courts.
Mr. Dobbins, of Dowau, reminded Mr.
King that the bill does not propose to iv-
establish Count v Courts.
was left
entirely with the Legislature to do as they
pleased with it.
The fjuesiion recurred.
Mr. Murphy moved to adjourn. Not
agreed to.
Mr. Orahaui moed to reconsider the
vote ado ding the substitute iu order to re
move a parliamentary obstacle to the in
troduction of .Mr. Lenian's amendment, or
any other. This course would throw the
whole question open. Adopted.
Mr.jLchniau now" olll-red his amendment.
On motion of Mr. Dobbins, of Davidson,
the further consideration of the matter was
postponed and made tin; special order for
11 o'clock on Friday.
A communication Aeas leeeived from the
Governor, transmitting resolutions of the
Legislature of Georgia, iu regard to refund
ing the lax on cotton collected in lSdo-'Ud-"d7;
also from the Legislature of Tennessee
in regard to the proposed international
meterologieal reports.
On motion of Mr. Dobbins, of Dovvan.
the message and resolutions were referred
to the committee on propositions and griuv
auees. Mr. Fleiuming introduced a bit! to em-'
over the county commissioners to extend
the time for the collection of county taxes. 1
Referred.
Mr. Gilmer introduced a resolution cal
ling for a statement of expendit ures of the
State during the years l,sii)-70 and "71.
Adopted.
Note The ae calling for a detailed
statement of receipts and disbursements,
from the commission to settle the atl'airs of
the Western N. C. Dailroad was ratified
yesterdav.
HOUSE OF DEPDLSENTAT1VES.
Wednesday, Dec. 1:1.
On motion of Mr. Anderson, the bill to
insure the speedy printing t.-fthc public
laws was taken tip and passed its several
readings.
Requires the Secretary of state to furn
ish the public printer with the laws and res
olutions as fast as they are printed.
Ry Mr. Phillips A 'hill to incorporate I In
Great Falls Manufacturing Company. Wake
county; referred.
Dy Mr. Ashe A bill to require depart
ment officers to submit an estimate ofex
1 onses referred.
Dy Mr. McCauley A bill in relation to
comnussioncrs referred.
Mr. Havriss, of Guilford, from the special
committee, reported favorably upon the re
solution to consolidate the indices of tie
books of land grants in the Secretarv of
State's office. The resolution was placed
on the calendar.
A message was received from i he Cov
entor, transmitting the report of the Super
intendent of the Deaf and Dumb ami the
Kliud Asylum. The report was appropri
ately referred.
On motion of 3Ir. Robinson, the resolu
tion to pay certain witnesses summoned in
the case of Judge Logan was taken up ami
passed its several readings.
On motion of Mr. Ashe, the act to raise
revenue was taken up and considered.
During the discussion on section :Jd, which
provides a fax of 12 cents on the 100 f,,r
(luiuiniiiarou $uuuu
I the Penitentiary, Mr. Robinson offered an
i amendment to strike out UV2 cents"' and in
sert "t cents."-' Mr. Robinson said that
whoii tho silo of the penitenl iarv was dis
cussed in the Legislature of iJSiiS-'o'O. the
men of capital in Raleigh ollered, as an in
ducement for its location near the city,
$10,000 in cash towards the erection of the
building, and he hoped t hat his amendment
would be adopted, and the citizens of
s Raleigh brought to fullill their obligations.
&c, xc.
I Mr. Vork moved to amend (la1 amend-
inent oy striking out the section entirely.
Mr. Robinson accepted the amendme
?nt
oi 3ir. lork and withdrew his
ment.
am-
ftid-
j Mr. Waring moved to amend bv strikin"
7 out "12"' and insert cents." His county
would have to pay one fourteenth the tax
called for in the section, and her represeut
atives should he heard in the matter. He
would never consent to tax the people so
burdened with this tax in order to carry out
the grand and magnificent plans of the re
cent radical legislature. He would vote for
just enough to keep w ithin the conslitution-
al provision in regard to this matter w hich
had been fastened upon the people of the
republican convention that framed the constitution.
Mr. Ashe said he did not favor this neni
i tentiary scheme and regarded the cbWe
im our old law as very unfortunate for the
estate. Rut there is a constitutional provis
ion which makes it necessary for the legis
lature to provide for the execution of The
,wonc, and besides a contract had been en
tered into by "their predecessors which, ac
cording to the constitution of the United
jStates they could not violate. Ho wLhed
ibe could vote to abolish the whole business,
and regarded it as extreim.lv nf,,w,('
fxhat it was entered into.
I Mr. Harris, of Guilford, thou slit it in-
iuuuv, JU tut; iiouso. to vote for t if. ir i
bents.
ih ?I.r-. J"nston, of llr.ncom'.e, did not
lUimkit bindmg uiion this Legislature for
guying out in run the work upon this in
the Legislature that assembled after the
rntiiication of the constitution to make all
he necessary appropriations to carry out
the work, ile would only vote for a tax
to feed and clothe the inmates and to guard
them propcj.lv. lie would not vote for tax
to erect.a building upon such a magnificent
scale.
i Mr. Sparrow regarded it as most unfor
tunate lor the best interests of the State
that the Rejmblicau party had ever fasten
i ed this scheme upon the people. Rut that
party had made it a constitutional obliga
tion to prosecute the work and also put a
cont ract upon us which we coidel not avoid,
and he now thought it the best policy and
soum lest economy to go on with the work
and get rid of erecting so many temporary
prisons which cost so much money and
have built at once a permanent and. safe
prison-, lie did not propose to increase
the aggregate tax, but in order t prosecute
the undertaking it was proposed to take 3
tents of the proposed tax of 20 cents for
general purposes and add it to this peniten
tiary tax and only levy 17 cents for general
purposes, &c.
Mr. Chamberlain was in favor of the
prosecution of the work. Roth, the con
tract and the constitution, required that it
should be.
Here ili n discussion took a wide range,
din ing which Tucker, colored, of Craven,
said he wc-uld vote for 15 cents. The pa
p rs said" a good many of his people went to
this institution, and as long as that was so
it became him to look out for their interest,
and therefore ho would vote for a sum suffi
cient for their comfortable maintenance
whilj tha:e. Pending any definite action
the business under consideration was post
poned, li it II to-morrow at It o'clock, on
motion oi Mr. -Nicholson.
On motion of Mr. Harris, of Guilford, the
I resolution to consolidate the indices to
books of laud grants in the Secretary of
1 State's ofliee, was taken tip.
Mr. Withers moved to lay the resolution
on the table. Lost.
The consideration of the resolution in
regard to the indices of land grants was
resumed.
Oil motion of Mr. Ashe, the matter was
referred to the committee on propositions
and grievances.
SENATE.
Thursday, Dec. 14.
it the usual hour, Mr.
The Senate met
1'r. sident Warren in the chair.
SPECIAL OltDEK.
The bill to exchange the stocks
Slate for bonds, &c, was taken
of the
up, it
being the Special Order, the question being
on the adoption of the substitute of the
Committee on Finance as an amendment.
The debate upon this bill was conducted
until adjournment. The bill was made the
Special Order for to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
i Thursday, Dec. 14, 1871.
House called to order at the usual hour.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Mason, of this city.
Mr. Stanford presented a petition from
certain cit izens of Magnolia, Duplin county;
referred.
Mr. Sparrow, from the Judiciary Com
mittee, .submitted the following report upon
Mabson's resolution to raise a Joint Com
mittee to investigate charges of Ku-Klux-ism
against certain members and officers of
."the General Assembly:
'The Judiciary Committee to whom was
leferred
A resolution to raise a Joint Commission
to investigate certain charges against F. N.
S'rudwick and others. Members and offi
cers of the General Assembly have had
th same under consideration and resjiect
fully rej toil
i;iat the Congress of the United States!
has appointed a Committee to inquire into
the existence of organizations such as those
mentioned in the resolution; who are niein-
oers iiiereor, and what outrages, if anv,
upon the persons or property "of citizens,
have been committed by such members;
and has also conferred upon the United
States courts in the several States, jurisdic-
iio.i nil- me inai anu punishment of this
class of offences against the laws. This
commission is now sitting in Washington
city with power to send tor persons and
papers, and a court of the United States is
now sitting in this city with full powers to
i. uus class oi ottentlers with a grand jury
whose sworn duty it is to make diligent
inquiry and true presentment of the same.
'Ihe Legislature of North Carolina at its
last session passed an act for suimression
of all secret political organizations, making
wo1:Uioiis oi ine law a misdemeanor, pun
ishable on conviction by fine or imprison
ment or both, at the discretion of the judges
of the superior courts.
The resolution demands of tliis General
Assembly, that "it shall interfere in cases
w
a-
ecu are open to judicial proceedings, and
sume original jurisdiction ilioi-..r.c
trary to the principles of the constitution.
in the opinion ot this committee, it is
in -it her proper nor exjiedient for this Gen
eral Assembly to organize itself into an in
quisitorial court for the trial of alleged mis
demeanors, which may have been commit
ted by its members, not in their capacity of
punhe servants, and for which they are
amenable to the laws, and may be called to
answer before the courts oi' justice. It
would be gross injustice to a member of
tins bod.y, and a violation of his most sa
cred rights as a citizen, to institute an in
quiry here into alleged misdemeanors eon-
on
eu o nun not m ins canac tv of
ii i
a re-
iiuiuu, iieiiuuig jiernaps an inquiry
inlo or an indictment before the courts for
in:.
1 one
me oliense
his committee knows no reason whv
class of indictable o!!endei-
laws should be called to answer at the bar
ol either House of this General Assemblv,
more than another
icrs iof in
ie courts, and not nronerlv within
MX -JLclL
ih
as
pins
this.
'eiion of a deliberative body such
Apart from these considerations as to the
sunstanci
i
mere is a l.ital obieefion in nn
h i m of tl
resolutions.
Lnderno circiun-
w HIV
.stances would it be projter to raise a joint
"-"i'nttee of both Houses to inquire into
the conuuet of memlM-rs of the General As
sembly, since it would be a violation of the
privileges of either House for the other to
interfere in its government.
i lie committee respectfully
recommend
i n.'.i i nt
e re st slut ions lo not 2ass.
T. Spaisisow, CLuj
urnian.
1 i e en isidoia'ion of the
matter w ;is
nnru until HMIIOITOW at 10 1
.V ju. ic -,eni .v L.ill to allow the
Commissioners of Uobesoii county to ad
just the d.-U of (he county; referred.
On motion of Mr. i;m:irlf,w.t n..
lncorjx r;
.wi., wi vill iu
u-iitethe i ayctteville Unildmo- :,,i
L
Mil dissociation Was taken on nn,l iwo.i

if s ,,.1 V..... 1-"
SPKCIAL Ol.DKR
i i.e i.ii to provide lor the collection ol
ax- s hy the State and by the several coun-
t oi me piaio, ocmg the special order for
this hour, it was taken up and read. After
undergoing a great deal of amendments the
oiii passed its third reading by a vote of
On motion of Mr. farrow, the resolution
to raise a joint committee to inquire into
the genuineness and authenticity of a letter
read before the House by JMubson, colored,
inn porung to nave been written by one
Daniel Latta, ol Orange counts, making
ciiuiges against a member of the
House,
vv as taken up and adopted
published before.
On motion of Caw-thorn,
I .esolution
colored, the
IC&01UU011 taking a recess from the 2d of
December. 1871, to January 8th, 1872, was
taken up.
Air. &panw moved to lay the resolution
on ho table. Carried by the casting vote
ol tho bpeuker.
.Mr. ii
Fiuiay, Dec. 15, 1871.
The re-port of tin Senate proceedings to
day is Postponed in rnnsivmonna
sudden sickness
of tho reporter. It will
vVwv.,viVUVV I II.
appear in our next
HOUSE OF RE1T.ESEXTATIVES.
Friday, Dec. 15, 1S71.
Uy Mr. Stanford A resolution taking a
i"cSrl Tm the 22nd of December to the
loth of January. Placed on calendar.
nihy .JhuU resolution in regard 'to
ter.
h.hl peasjous. I'Jacea on Pnlnrlo,.
v...v.lu(u
time of holding municipal elections in Fay
etteville; referred (election to be held 1st
of May.)
By Mr. Currie A bill to authorize the
Western R. R. Co. to open navigation in
the waters of Lower Little River and its
tributaries. Referred.
Ry Mr. Stewart A bill to incorporate
the Raleigh and Fayetteville R. R. Co. Re
ferred. Ry Mr. Wilcox A bill to amend sec. 2,
chap. (Hi, laws of l!S09-'70. Referred.
By Mr. Copeland A bill to repeal chap
ter laws 1870-'7L Referred.
On motion of Mr. Dunham, the resolu
tion in regard to the public printing was
taken up.
Mr. Dunham moved to amend the resolu
tion by saying that the method of computa
tion shall be by the quad em.
Mr. Dunham's amendment was adopted,
and the resolution passed its several read
ings. The resolution introduced by Mabson,
col., to raise a joint committee to investi
gate charges of kukluxism against certain
members aud officers of the general assem
bly and the unfavorable report of the judic
iary committee thereon was taken up.
The resolution and report published be
fore. Mr. Ashe submitted a minority report
giving additional reasons why the resolu
tion should not be adopted.
After a long debate the resolution was,
on motion of Cawthorne, col., laid on the
table, the following republicans voting in
the affirmative Messrs. Brooks, Caw thorn,
col., Phillips and Robbins, col.
Mr. Philliiis said in explanation of his
vote that he had intended to say something
upon the rssolution under consideration but
was prevented from so doing by the motion
to table. That as a member of the judic
iary he had heard the testimony of
Latta in rdgard to the letter read before
this house a few days since by Mab
son, colored, of Xew Hanover, and that
Latta flatly denied the authenticity of the
letter and contradicted it from beginning to
end. Ho (Mr. Phillips) had put several
questions to the witness and he (the wit
ness) denied any knowledge of the letter
and contradicted it in toto. He (Mr. P.)
taking these things into consideration
knew the charges groundless and therefore
thought the resolution shoul 1 go to the ta
ble. Mr. McAfee iu explanation of his vote
said that he neither feared investigation
here or anywhere else, therefore he voted
against the motion to lay the resolution on
the table.
The special committee appointed to in
vestigate the charges of incompetency
against Judge Logan, submitted a report
containing the sworn evidence of members
of the bar of Judge Logan's circuit, without
regard to party, testifying as to his incom
petency, was taken up and read.
Mr. Justice moved to lay it on the table.
The yeas and nays were called and the
motion was lost by a vote of veas 40, nays
51.
On motion of Mr. Waring, the matter
was referred to the committee on judiciary.
The consideration of the revenue bill was
renewed the question being upon the yd
section which provides for a tax of 1'2 cents
on the 100,"for the penitentiary aud the
various pending amendments thereto.
A long debate ensued and the House ad
journed without any action.
TELEGRAPHIC.
vii:jiia.
Rich mom), Dec. 14.
The business report of the Immigration Con
vention was ailojitetl Hiis evening.
P. V. Daniel, -Jr., President of the lUclini(nd,
Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad has re
signed. Jt is stated that the road will soon nass
into the hands of the Pennsylvania Central
Company.
John 31. Koljiesoh ol' tin- .Seaboard amlKoan
oke Koad was elected to till Mr. Daniel"!- place
temporarily.
XEW YOBCJt.
New York, Dec. 14.
Alexis has sent five thousand dollars here for
the relief of the poor.
Comptroller Hurlb urt has toek possession of
the Union Square National Bank, and has ap
pointed 1J. F. Beekman receiver.
ITAII.
Salt Lake, Dec. 14.
Several Mormons have been arrested as al
leged murderers of Dr. Johnson, in October
18G0. Dr. Johnson was called professionally, and
murdered in the street at midnight.
WASIIIXCiTOX.
The British-American Commission disallowed
the claims of John Holmes llanna vs. the United
States, for property th-siroyed in New Orleans,
and A. II. Walker vs. Unifed States. Walker
claimed to have mad an imestinent in proper
ty in Charleston, S. C., which was destroyed by
act of war by the United States. Those disal
lowances are based upon the view that Ike
United States was not responsible for acts of the
Rebels.
Attorney General Akcrman has resigned. The
President has accepted los resignation and will
nominate George H. William, of Oregon, to-
dav.
CAIU.E
WISIMiCIIES.
London, Dec. 14.
Ucspatehcs ;it noon t;-day, indicate a slight
imirovement in the contiiiion of the rrince ot
Wales.
SANDi.N(iiiAM, Dee. 14 5 A. M.
The Prince of Wales t a-si d a restless ni-dit.
No increase of exhaustion and has had some
sleep.
Lomiox, Dec. 11 2 P. M.
A. slight change tor the Letter, -with compara
tive quiet last evci ng nd rest last night, have
proved bcnelieial.
Saniinoiia.m, Dec. 11 8 o'clock.
The rrince of Wales slept during the night.
There is some abatement of the graver symp
toms.
Sardixoham, Dec. 14 Noon.
The Trince of Wales has been tranquil this
niOrniiir. 1 he cam of last ltieht is maintnnn .1
i
Washington, Dec. 14.
Senatk. Trumbull gave nt-tice that he would
to-inorrow litove to discharge tiie Committee on
Finance from the consideration of tree salt and
coal for the pvirpose of proceeding at once with
the bill in the ..Senate.
The bill ar.tlBorizing a full days pay for eight
hours work, w;s referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The argument upon Trumbull's amendment
to the resolution organizing a Committee of
Investigation axid Retrenchment, was resumed
and contimtCAl until 0 o'olock, when the amend
ment was dcifeated by a vote of '21 to o.
A resolutiexn organizing a Committee .viihout
instructions or iov.cr to send for papers and
persons, was adopted without a division. Ad
journed. IIovik Th' Secretary of ti e Treasury was
called on for a Teport of the number employed,
amount of salaries, amount paid as rewards a net
moitics and other Ice and contingent expenses
at each Custom 3Ious- during the li.-eal year
ending J.
The nppoi tioinnt nt bill was resumed in Com
mittee of the WJ-oie. An amendment was
adopted that herctrr no tate be admitted
with less population than required for a mcm-
Tl. i.:n .i.
j ia- out lucii passea wiuiouc uivision. 't
provides that the House shall consist of two hun
dred and eighty-three members-, distributed as
follow?": Maine, 5; New Ilaonpa.'iire, 2 Ver
mont; Massachusetts, 11 RhoAe Island, 2;
Connecticut, 4 Xew York, U2 Nov Jersey, 7
Pennsylvania, 20; Delaware, I "Maryland, C
v irgtnia. North Carolina, Smith iroiin:i
7 J
o; tVetugia, Alabama, 7; MivsLsttppi, C;
I.uisiana, o -1 Kentucky-, TO; Tonne.-s-see,
9; Indiana, 12; Illinois, l Mewouri, 13
Arkansa.s, 4; Michigan, -j Florida, 3; Texas,
ti; Iowa, U; Wisconsin, s; California, 4; Min
nesota, 3 Oregon, 1 Kansas, 3 West Virgi
nia, 3 Nevada 1 and Nebraska 1.
Schenck lias not resigned. AckermanV re
signation takes effect on January 10th.
Williams has been nominated for tlie Attor
ney Generalship.
The House Committee on Commercs fceardT
delegations of eteamboatmen in session here 1
vuuuuuiee promise to investigate the mat-
The President has recognized Angil Martrhcz
as Consul for Mexico at New Orleans Denis
Donohoe Consul of England for Maryland,
Tennessee, Virginia, "West Virginia, Kentucky,
and Missouri. Itesidence In Baltimore.
NEW YORK.
i New Yosk, Dec. 14.
The cotton firm of Wm. P. "Wright settled to
day oh abasia of seventy-five cents on the dol
lar, and will resume business shortly.
There is great excitement in Brooklyn on ac
count of the small-pox. It has broken out in the
jail, and a corps of physicians have been de
tailed to vaccinate the citizens.
A World special from Geneva says that all the
members of arbitration under .the "Washington
treaty are expected to arrive to-night, and will
meet at the Hotel de Ville to-morrow.
CABLE DISPATCHES.
Paris, Dec. 14.
It is reported that the Orleans princes hare
determined to take their seats in the Assembly
at an early day, and will act with the party of
the right centre.
London, Dec. 14 -2:W- P. M.
No further change in the condition of the
Prince has been reported, and hopes of his re
covery are freely expressed.
The report tliat Parliament would be conven
ed in January is contradicted.
WASIIIXttTOX.
Wasiiijtgtox, Dec. 15.
Mr. Ela, the new fifth Auditor, has assumed
the functions of his office to-dajr.
There was a full and long Cabinet meeting to
day. The Wabash has arrived. safely at Cadiz. All
well.
The Republican Senators caucusscd this morn
ing, and agreed to order a thorough examination
of all the departments and branches of the ser
vice. Tli e committee consists of Buckingham,
How, Pratt, Harlan, Stewart, Poole and Bay
ard. House The Boston and Xew York merchants
have petitioned lor a reduction of the tai ill' oft
rice.
A bill appropriating four millions for a cite
and public buildings in Chicago, passed.
The House then adjourned to Monday.
PEXXfiYLVAXIA.
Philadelphia, Dec. 15.
John Wave washun.at Camden to-day for
the minder of his father.
Ro.stojs", Dec. 15.
Charles -Miller of the firm of Miller, Ward
Co., aged CD years, who was sentenced to 5 years
and one hundred thousand dollars line for de
frauding the government, lias been pardoned
and the line remitted.
3IAKYL.1XU.
Annapolis, Dec. 15.
The son of Gen. Ketchum testified that Mrs
Wharton's conversation to different parties at
difterent times regarding money transactions
agree, though not in accordance with Ketchum's
statements to his sen.
jii:OKd!IA.
Augusta, Dee-. 15.
The Mississippi Central Railroad was protest
ed here to-day on the bonds due the 1st of Au
gust hist. Tie- road is leased to the Southern
Railroad. Association, but both faileel to provide
the' funds necessary to aoid the prote'st.
ALABAMA.
MoJvrGtiJMKKY, Dee. 15.
Both branches of the Alabama Legislature
resolved to extend their session beyond 30 days.
A bill has passed both Houses authorizing the
Governor to issue 1,000,000 Alabama 8 per cent
bonds to be used as the necessity may require.
(AMFOKMA.3
San Francisco, Dec. 15.
The hotly of a drowned man was washed
ashore with a life preserver, marked Corsica, of
Theiaston, at Balnios Bay. The bark Corsica
sailed item Australia the 20th of November.
Marino Intelligence.
New York, Dec. 15.
Regulator, from Wilmington, has
The
rived.
CABLE UISPATCIIEM.
SANHixti ham, Dec. 15 5::)0 P. M.
The Prince of Wales was tranquil all this
P. M., and the course of the fever continues fa
veirable. The Queen will return to Wimlsor to
morrow. SOLTH CAUOLINA.
Coia mria, Dec. 15.
In the Ku Kiux trial to-elay the defence was
engaged in proving by many witnesses the ter
ror existing among tho whites in the up coun
try at the tint of the alleged outrages. The
testimony showed that Jim Williams, the negro
Captain of the militia, had threatened to slay
the whites from the cradle up ami to apply the
torch.
William Uratton, colored, testilied that he
wes Lieutenant in Williams' company and was
reduced to ranks on account of his dissent from
Williams' violent measures.
The defence asked for further time to bring
witnesses to show that the Ku-Klux was organ
ized for self-protection and had ceased to exist
of itself.
After hearing rebutting evidence from the
prosecution the Court ttdjourned. The argu
ment will begin to-morrow.
VIKCilXIA..
lJiciiMONH, Dec. 15.
It has been sno-.i ing heavily for seven hours
and still continues. The snow is from 9 to 10
inches deep.
Snelling, who was shot yesterday by Monteiro
.S morring, has improved, and there arc hopes of
his recovery. Smorring has been bailed in a
.5,000 bond.
1VASI1IXUTOX.
Washington, Dec. 10.
The Agricultural reiort will indicate the cot
ton crop to be three and one-third million bales.
OHIO.
Cincinnati, Dec. 10.
George McDonald alias J. W. Sweet, alias
Sam Brown was arrested here to-day on sus
picion of committing forgery. McDonald had
two companions here giving the names of C.
Hunt and T. Walker, who disappeared last Sun
day. Hunt's real name is supposed to fee Dridg
wcll, and Walker is supposed to be his son.
The parties came from the South where they
had been operating recently.
SEW YORK.
Xew York, Dec. 10.
The Woikingmcn's Union took no action
upon the invitation of joining the Internation
als procession.
A special dispatch from Paris says that the
Orleans Princes and Thiers hail an unfriendly
interview. Thiers complained that Daumale
was endeavoring to interest the Generals in his
favor. This Daumale dissented to. Thiers retort
edjm the evidenes of interviews with Generals,
and concluded, saying, 1 doubt not your aim is
patriotic, but these proceedings arc not in ac
cordaiue w ith our agreement.
Daunrale terminated the interview by saying
that he would consult his friends as to the pro
per time to claim his seat.
Wm. M. Tweed has been arrested and re
mains in chai se of the Sheriff at the Metroioli
tan Hotel. Tweed is indicted for felony. Bail
has been refused.
A similar warrant was served
at the Ludlow jail as retainer.
on Coniiolley
Tweed's reply covers one hundred pages.
Tweed reached the Court in charge of two
Sherlfs aud appeared unconcerned. The main
charges are for fraudulently auditing accounts.
CAULK IIHSIMTCIIES.
Loxdox, Dec. 1(5.
The Prince of Wales has entered upon his
first stage of recovery. There is every indica
tion at Sandingham that the danger is over.
The bulletins have been discontinued. The
Queen has returned to Windsor.
The "Alfred Legrand" us- been wrecked off
the Danish coast and nine of the crew lost.
Saxdixgdam, Dec. 16 9 p. m.
Convalescence of the Prince has commenced.
ille progresses slowly but steadily.
Geneva, Dec. 1.
Vhe arbitrators under the Washington treaty
met-and adjourned to April.
CANADA.
Toronto, Dec. 16.
The .House has passed a resolution of want of
confidence in the Ministry by one majority.
WASKIXGTOX,
Washing tox, D. C., Dec. 10.
The cotton returns received in December at
the Department of Agriculture, are similar in
tenor to the November reports, fully sustaining
the moderate promise of improvement upon the
somewhat gloomy, views presented in October,
yet the change is not so marked as to modify
materially the prospect first allowed in the
monthly reports for July and September. The
latett returns would indicate au estimate almost
identical with that of the September report for
a favoring Autuxu which could scarcely bring a
crop exceeding three and one-third million of
bales. Frosts have been delayed till November
In tome localities till the 20th, and the weather
has been generally favorable for picking' with
out waste or discoloring of fibre, a fair rendering
of the recent local estimates which have been
unusually numerous and complete, gives a total
aggregate of 3,400,000 bales as the present ex
pectation of the cotton yield of 1871.
It is stated on excellent authority that the
Senate Committee on Elections and Privileges
have decided to report adversely upon Blodgett's
and favorably upon Norwood's claim to a seat
in the Senate.
KEYTTttlY. T'
Louisville, Dec. 10.
The great public library lottery drawing was
commenced at 0 o'clock this morning. The first
ten numbers drawn were as follows: 5,075,44,172
25,840, 14,903, 20,503, 32,417 23,877, 15,013, 2,005.
STEW YOISK.
New York, Dec. 10.
The Bank statement show a decrease in loans
of nearly S11,000,000 specie increase !2,500,0O0
legal tenders decrease, 1,125,000 deposits de
crease, $4,500,000 circulation decrease, 1,000,
000 specie sliiment over 590,000.
VIRGINIA.
Richmond, Dec. 10.
The caboose ear of the material train on the
Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, was thrown
to the bottom of the i a vine while crossing the
bridge near Salem, this morning. The conduc
tor, Robert A. Fagus, ami a colored man named
Frank Campbell, were killed. The contents of
the stove set lire to the car, destroying it and
burning up the bodies, together with several
spans to the bridge.
(low Walker has pardoned ex-mayor Chnhoon,
heretofore twice convicted of complicity in the
Haunsteiii forgery. Very g. neral satisfaction
is expressed at this action of the Coventor, who
states his principal reason for w doing, is that it
was earnestly recommended !y a very large
number of worthv citizens.
Savannah, Dec. JO.
Robb, Collector of Port, alter it full and free
investigation on the part of the prosecution, and
under the statement of the District Attorney
and charge of the coin t, was honorably acquit
ted by the jury v. ithout having the te:.
Atlanta, Dec. 10.
Gov. Coidy has vettx d the icjtion ol'th -ai-propriation
bill appropriating 42).00) to pay
the interest on tho gold bonds.
The parties charged with being Kn-li Iuk were
all disel.argetl to-day, execft 2 l'rom Hade coun
ty, who were required to give a bond of 2,500,
for whipping a party thai g. d wiih injin al con
duct. Three men arrested in Dade eemniy and
who were brought here yesterday without wai
rant, were discharged to dav.
I-McASIIES OK THE
John V. Noiton, a New Vol
faulter, has been arrest' d.
,Me.e dv--
Connelly s bad has 1
n nam.d at hi!;
a
million.
Richard M. Blatchlbrd was yesterd-'.y robbed
on the streets of New Vork oi s5'U"i hi bonds.
Tweed has been released by Judg- Rarnard
on a JS50,K0 bail bond. He was le a: I -'y eheeri d
by his friends when he was brought into court.
The budget of the Parisian MLniMer of Fi
nance shows a surplus of ll,fl'jo;(ie'j francs.
The latest reports from Sandringham are very
favorable to the Prince's recovery.
Wm. Brown, of Lynn, Mass., killed his wife
with a dirk, and was, in turn, revol vered dead
by an oflicer.
A bill for a Cable to Japan and China is now
pending ill the California Legislature.
A. Sensible nan.
31. II. Uliss, who lives in Utah, close to
the Utah line, left hi.s young ond blooming
wife behind, a couple of weeks ago, and
departed for the bhell Creek mines, lie
bestowed his blessings on her, and requested
her prayers in his absence. The dust made
by the nag he was mounted on had hardlv
returned to dust than a .Scandinavian of
the Uriglitunites .was in. his domicile, dis
coursing sweet music to ZUrs. Miss, Un
suspicious on his domestic hearth. Miss
jogged along; reached fihelburn, and, not
succeeding in corralling any of the riches
that outcrops so bountii .illy in that region,
he retracedjhis (horse's; steps on the home
ward track.
Keaching home after the sun had gone to
rest, he took hold of the old familiar door
knob, and entered the realms of bliss (his
house,) with blissful emotions, thankful
that he had returned safe from tlie land of
the Gentile. Poor Miss, little did he think
that Mrs. Miss had flowed' Yes, she had
fled from the ranch, in his absence, with
that Scandinavian. A neighbor informed
him they had taken he overland road the
day before, going toward Salt Lake City.
lie followed on their trail and
sight of them at Government Spring
enty-five miles or so from the citv.
ie 1:1
s. -v-
Thev
ted oil
saw him as he approached, and st;
at a gallop. The Scandinavian had the
best htirse and was soon out of reach, leav
ing Mrs. Bliss behind. 'The old man cap
tured her, ami after making her deliver
over a watch, money and other articles she
had abstracted from his trunk, like a sensi
ble man, told her to go her way. W'liUv
I'iwi A'chw.
Komctiiiiig- 3Tcw in KcIi'iM.
Ill the name of the Nines Muses hen is
something truly astonishing. Somebody
in Ilussia has set up a new religion, and the
peculiarity of this preacher is that he
always expresses himself in rhyme. The
converts, we suppose, as they grow in
grace, fall into the same metrical "habits
aud if this novel faith should spread t hrough
the world, what a world will this be The
humblest man a troubadour, the lowliest
woman a Mrs. Ilemans, or even a Mrs.
Sigouriiey, in the bosom of her family.
There w ill lie nothing but rhyme wherever
human beings congregate oen.tf ors making
speeches in heroics, lovers declaring them
selves in orthodox soimonts, merchants
keeping their accounts in stanzas, customers
cheapening goods in couplers, and tin; very
news of the day served up in s! ropes
Then, indeed your prosaic man will be the
prodigy unless it should be c m.-idered
the orthodox thing to roast him
is a here-
tic
Settlements in Confederate Moiio.y 31 e
Opened. The New Orleans l'ixaiiui3 states as fol
lows the purport of a decision which has
been barely announced by telegraph
On an appeal from a District Court, the
Supreme Court of Texas has lately made a
decision, in which administrators and exe
cutors who settled their trusts in Confede
rate money are deeply interested. The de
cision was based on the following facts
An administrator, during the w ar, ob
tained an order from the Probate Court to
sell the assets of his intestate for cash.
Under such orilers he made sales for Con
federate money, which he paid to such
creditors as would receive it. After the
war had closed, the Probate Court permit
mittedhim to resign his trust and settle his
account's on Confederate money returns
and vouchers.
The Supreme Court decided that the Pro
bate Court s orders and juelgment were net
only erroneous, but null and void, and that
the administrator woidd be held liable in
legal tender for the value of the property
sold, and that the creditors could revive
their claims, so paid in Confederate monej',
against the estate.
This decision re-opens all the estates in
Texas that were settled on a Confederate
money basis, and makes the legal represen
tatives and their sureties responsible for the
value of the property thus sold.
AND SO FORTH.
Milwaukie harbor lias been largely im-e
proved this year. i i
San Francisco has her streets swept by
nand twice a mouth.
Of the. seventy-four United States Sena
tors, fifty are lawyers.
Brass Is a preventive of cholera. Put it
s an incentive to choler ah
Upward of fourteen thousand "heathen
Chinee"' are hunting for gold in Australia.
Ripe strawberries at Feniandiua, Flori
da. A collection of fifteen hundred beetles is
fir sale in Moomlngton, 111.
A Bridgeport, Conn., bee-culturist has
sold two tons of honey this season.
There were four alarms of fire at Boston,
Monday evening within forty-five minutes.
The Postmaster-General objects to the
establishment of a jiostoflice in a retail
liquor shop.
Prisoners in the' Indiana State prison are
seweel up hi bags and compelled to board
themselves.
There are already twelve hundred miles
ot ditches anel canals for mining purposes
in Nevada county, California.
The strike of the English telegraph ope
rators is a failure. The men are returning
eo their work in all the principal cities.
It is thought likely that another ministe
rial crisis will take place in Spain soon, anel
i consequent dissolution of the Cortes.
The New England harbors are frozen
v much earlier this season than i: cus
mary. The loos by, the explosion of the Wins
Led, Connecticut gas works, Friday, was
$4,000.
The weather in Vermont last week was
the coldest experienced there for the past
'.hirty-two years.
The working force at present employed
in ll'M navy yard at Portsmouth, Va. is six
hundred and seventy-one woikmen.
A Missouri musician sat down upon a
Keg of powder and began to smoke. They
found one button.
Twenty-eight ladies have been matricula
ted in the University of Edinburg during
fhe present term.
There are living in Woodbury, Conn,,
six survivors of the 1812 war, all said to be
over eighty years of age.
London fines conductors of horse-cars
i'or overcrowding the cars to the incon
venience of passengers.
There are seventy-eight railroads iu Ger
many, owning nineteen thousand one hun
dred and forty-live miles of road.
Reports from the Cuba sugar district rel
ative to the new crop are very favorable.
The case is yielding well.
Edwin Foster, an inmate of the insane
retreat at Hartford, Conn., escaped, and, in
attempting to gel on a night train in mo
tion, was run over and killed.
China and Japan will take from us ."0,
000 tons, or 111,000,000 pounds of butter
and cheese per annum, whenever we shall
be aV-i" to d--liver it.
New York claims him now the one hun
dred and tiiirtecn-years-oM man who voted
for all the Presidents, saws wood and .ill
h;c.
Tn o young v. onion had a game of bil
liards iu a public hall in Portsmouth, N. II.,
recently, and made runs of :30, and 4o
points.
Two consignments of Chinese, designed
tor employment in cotton mills, are on their
way to Salem, Mass., and more are to fol
low. A Southern California paper advertises
tor -a young freckled-faced man that won't
back down, with a pair of saddle-bags, pis
tol and bowie-knife, to collect for this o'flice.
A large sidary will be paid'
The British Foreign Oilice has sent in
structions to all its agents abroad to inves
tigate the organization of the various
branches of the International Society in the
countries to which they are respect ively
aeeredited, and report thereon to the gov
ernment. The" corresponding secretaries of the An-ti-Suil'rage
Committee of women have had
transmitted to them for presentation to
Congress a protest against female sufi'rage,
containing three thousand six hundred
names, among which are tins names of some
of the most prominent women of the
count rv.
In the Ku-Klux trial at Columbia, S. C.
iasL wee-u, a witness conics.sea mat lie was
a member of a Klan, which ha said, was
formed in PStJS "for self-defence and to
prevent incendiarism. The town of York
vir.e was threatened with destruction by
tie; negroes, and many gin houses had
already been burned." The defence pro
duced witnesses to show the need of au or
ganization for defensive pui-poses.
Some of the Chicago journals assert that
several, if not all, of the persons appointed
to otiice by the Common Council on Mon
day night were approached by certain Al
le'inen, and were required to put up a
s':m of money, and that only those persons
c ho did so got places. Several unsuccess
ful candidates make a public statement, de
claring their willingness to make allidavits
that money was demanded of them by
Aldernien, and on their declining, that they
were emphatically tolel that they could not
have places. An investigation is deman
ded. Tlse Iiise in SoutJi America.
The plague which recently destroyed
00,000 of the 10.000 inhabitants of Buenos
Ay res. is said to" have originated in the fol
lowing way
Some Paraguayan prisoners of war, who
ret urned to Paraguay last year, were found,
on landing at Asuncion, to be .suffering
from yellow fever. Many of the cases
proved fatal. The foul state of the city,
and exhausted condition of the Paraguay
ans after tlie sulleriags of the war, verc
peculiarly provocative of pestilc-ne-e, and
speedily a fever broke out which tho phy
sicians declared to be bilioio ilcheriod."'
Hundreds perished, and thousands fled to
the country districts. The disease next
spread to Corrientes, and there it made
fearful ravages, one-fourth of ihe inhabi
tants perishing, including many of the phy
sicians and apothecaries. From Corrientes
the malady spread to Buenos Avres,a filthy
city which steamed like a dunghill w hen
ever a hot. sun shone out after a shower of
rain. So honeycomed is the city w ith old
wells, that it .sometimes happens that a ladv
tana ijiioi.;;h ner panor uoor into an un
filled well under the carpet. The water of
the river Platla was so thoroughly poisoned
by filth that the de-ad fish covered the road
stead and river yet this was the water
which the. inhabitants of Buenos Avres had
to drink. The air was foul and sickening;
the water was corrupted the earth was
reeking with abomination. The plague
found the place ripe for the harvest of
death. The people contemplate chanin"
to a more healthy site.
fSoii.:-vaiee in Iieal f.ile.
In the divorce suit of Jane N. Burrows
against Thomas Burrows, now pending in
the Superior Court, Judge McCunn "has
rendered a decision granting plaintiff ali
mony at the rate of $:j,000 a year pendhi"
h.-. t o
me iiiigauon. in gmng ins decision, Jiuie
McCunu revealed some very romantic facts
mtie facts i
m connection with this case. Tho plaintiff i
Mrs. Buitows, was the dauediier of I I
j wealthy landed proprietor in the county of
j Ccvm, Ireland, who was also a leadinc
member ol the bar m that county. The de
fendant, lier husband, in the year 1847, was
working as a em-penter in her father's
house, and an intimacy thus sprung up
which ended in the plaintiff leaving her
happy home to follow the defendant to this
country, where they subsequently got mar
ried, and by her ability as a seamstress she
earned sufficient to enable her husband to
start in business for himself. A happy state
ol conjugal affection lasted until they be
came wealthy. Then the defendant broke
bis mama" vows wi.5r.ii i
nrr;ent cuit f.A'.Jy to-
present suit for divorce.-2V 1 ork
e .mil niv.tani ml m i I 1 1 1
THE ruraCE OF WALES.
The Succession of the British Crown
Stains of the Throne Sketch of the
Prinee Ilia Education, Travel,9fr
riaffe, Ac.
Ill view of the great interest which is
everywhere manifested in regard to the
Prince of Wales, we publish the following
succinct sketch of his career, which was
given in the 5 o'clock A. M. Tostcript edi
tion of the Stin of yesterday, when the la
test bullet ms announced his case hopeless,
and his death an event of momentary ex
pectation
TIIE CKOW.V.
While many speculations have been in
dulgeel in regard to the possible effect oi
the death of the Prince of Wales upon the
administration of the British government,
there is not any immediate occasion for
viewing the matter as a political problem.
The Queen is still the reigning sovereign,
and unril her death or abdication the suc
cession is to be classed among the events of
the future, Albert Victor, son of the lMuce
of Wales, being, after him, of course, the
heir apparent.
It is probable that to provide against the
contingency' of the Queen's death and the
possibility of having the ciown devolve
upon the heir while yet a child, provision
may be made for a regency, as in her own
case prior to the death of William IV, when
the Duchess of Kent was made regent in
the event of the King's death before Victo
ria should come of age, or as in the later
instance in which Prince Albert was made
regent, as the surviving parent, in case the
Queen should die and any child of her
Majesty succeed to the throne before the
age of eighteen.
So far, therefore, the immediate status of
the crown will be unaffected by the death
of the Prince of Wales, and there is no
event other than the Queen's death or ab
dication which can aiiect it. Then the
character and influence ol the regent or the
new king would produce their legitimate
efiects for good or evil in the atlairs of the
government and the minds of the people.
In all settleel monarchies the throne is pre
pared for emergencies, and it is safe to
assume that in England "the king li'-ver
dies."
The profound sympathy manifested by
the English people would indicate, all re
ports to the contrary notwithstanding, the
great popularity of the reigning family of
Great Britain with the "English people.
Victoria, as a mother and a wife, has en
deared herself by her virtues-to a people
who prize such excellencies in a Queen
more highly than any other people in the
would, and who herself appreciates the value
to society of such an example at the head
of the state.
Whatever may have been the character of
the Prince, the awful event w hich steps in
betvveen him and the sceptre which he
seeuieel about to grasp, and the grief of be
reavement, from which the pala e can af
ford no more security than the hovel, may
well drown the eleep emotions of nil classes
of the English people.
TITLE.
The title and honors of the Pi i nee of
Wales are Albei t Edward, Prince of Wales,
Duke of Saxony, Prince of Saxc-Coburg
aud (Jotha, Great Steward of .Scotland,
Duke of Cornwall and Botliesay, Earl of
Chester, Gairick and Dublin, Baron of
Henfrew and Lord of the Isles, Knight
Grand Commander of the Star of India,
Knight of the Elephant of Denmark, Knight
ed' the Golden Eleece and a General in the
British aimy. The Prince is a Knight of
the Garter. The patronage of twenty-nine
church livings is invested in him, chiefly as
tlie owner ol the Duchy ol Cornwall, and
he appointed the rectors of the Episcopal
establishment accordingly.
The Prince was born on the 0th of No
vember, ISdl, at Buckingham Palace, Lon
don, amid the general rejoicings of the leo
ple. HIS EDI CATlOX.
Ths uks to the judicious care of the late
I 'rin co Albeit, he received an education of
a somewhat sounder and more substantial
character than that which usually falls to
the lot of princes. Ilis parents were mod
els of most of the domestic virtues, and
their court was the purest of its time in
Europe.
After studying for a session at Edinburgh
he entered Christ Church, Oxford, where
he remained foi a year, and afterwards
passed two terms at Cambridge. lie was
instructed iu every department of liberal
culture, and so far as possible "plain living
and high thinking"' were made the control
ling principles of his early life. As a colle
gian lie seems to have been diligent and
well behaved. At any rate he found no
meaner friend than the late Lord Brougham
to vouch for his good 'conduct. Under
fatch auspices began a life which, though
brie I in years even to-day has been already
concluded.
On ls seventeenth birthday the Prince
assumed the serious duties of manhood by
being appointed colonel in the army.
Xl.AVELs, etc.
Afier a brief visit to his sister, the Prin
cess Frederick William of Prussia, at Ber
lin, he visited liome towards the end of
January, IS'!', and remained for "several
months.
His visit i.i the Eternal City was chiefly
remarkable, however, forhispiesentation at
his own request, to the Pope. I'or the first
time in many centuries a Prince of the
Diood ren al ot England w as received by
the Holy Father. In deference to the wish
es, of the Prince the reception was conduct
ed with little ceremony. On .the entry of
thv Prince his Holiness advanced to the
door to meet him, and led him to a scat.
A brief conversation in Fiench ensued.
On his way to England the Prince visited
the English stronghohl of Gibraltar, and
Spain and Portugal. lie readied home on
the L'Olh of June, lbo'J.
HIS VISIT TO AMERICA,
the summer of lbGO the Prince,
xu me Mi mmer oi icoo ine i rince, ac
eompamVd by the Duke of Newcastle, made
an extended tour through Canada and the
United States. Having t weird westward
through the great Canadian cities, Iks cross
ed over into tlie United Stat's at Niagara
Falls. From there he proceeded on his tour
ol the more populous States, meeting with
a g'Mierous v. -Iconic in every large city, and
indeed, for that matter, fioni every Jillle
village also.
Having visited Detroit, Chicago, Ci
nati, Baltimore, Washington, Bichi
mem
hmond
and most of the other great centres o
ulation, he returned to Washington.
and most of the other great centres of iop-
The
It nice arrived in Bailtnnore October 3d,
and was received by Mayor Swann and
other civil authorities, and escorted in pro
cession through the principal streets to
Camden Station. On his return from the
South, October Sth, there was a military
paraele of the Baltimore City Guard and
Grays, and the Prince had a reception at
the Gilmor House, where he remained all
night, l'-aving next dav for Philadelphia
j aim suiiuar nonors. Uie Pnuco expressed
j himself highly pleased with his reception in
I Baltimore, ami more than oncts remarked
j that his passage through the city for quiet
i respect exceeded that of any other place
since ne naei lcit tlie Queens dominions.
He finally reached New York, where the
ovation of w elcome culminated in a series
of brilliant balls, banquets and receptions
in his honor. The Prince returned home
to England by w ay of Boston aud Portland,
setting sail from the latter port.
HIS FIRST VISIT TO THE EAST.
In 1S0L' the Prince made another memo
rable tour, this time to the East instead of
to the West. On his way he paid a visit to
the Emperor of Austria at Vienna, and in
March was at Cairo. Subsequently he I
passed through the Holy Land, and. in re
turning to England paid a lbiuial visit to
theEmperor and Empress of the French at
Fontainbleau.
TAKING HIS SEAT AS A TEEU.
On the 5th of February, liio'3, at the
opening of Parliament, he for the first time
took his seat as a member of the British
House of Peers, lie was introduced in his
Parliamentary robes, and wearing the col
lar of the Order of the Garter ami that of
the Star of India. The ceremony was very
imposing, a large number of magnificently
robed dignitaries participating in the forms
incident to the occasion.
HIS MARRIAGE.
wuiuj.c itxiii ah announce-
ment made by the Queen, his W
ti "W'vii'i 1 .1 n..i tinth a.
in accordance witn an
lther two yearg previously, the Pric4CuWeprlginateatho tweedy.
me iuth of March
Alexandra of I
18G1, to Princess
of Ben-
mark, an amiable and beautiful vmm.
who succeeded vc.-Jy soon in endearing' it
self to the English people. Ilnmors of
neglect and even id-treatment by her im,
band were circulated soon afterwards and
produced a large amount of unponul in u
for his Boyal Highness. The msS&li
celebrated with great splendor. It sin
The Prince's children are named Albert
Victor, born in 18(!4, aud heir to the
boi n in lbC7 Alexandra, born in 1WH
Augusta, born in lbou, a ld another
who died shortly alter his tZ i
time since. 1
After his marriage the Prinee frequently
held levees and gave receptions in p Ce of
the Queen, whose sorrow for the detth ot
her husband made her very reluctant to a
pear in public Some little imXnt-"
S-TiW to a soiofS-
i imiu uy uie Prince to
have
juiunu u-R renin i m
larged in consequence la uZ
to inform these duties. A lou c V w
made to the effect that fhe Queen o, i
herself to reimburse hh for the exiUSe
was thus compelled to undergo, 2
Sis
ouowixo rxpoi'i i vimtv
Within two or three years -ifiei i
riage rumors began to U 11 Ht iu 1WP Ulilr
to his alleged neglect
i.., i
These gradually increased nit i t lie MoT
(Limit urwit.,1-. 1,1 llK JHll-
ttuioit, acauuai. a com l..
brought forth a fierce storm of id
from I'vpi'i- lu-iii.t f (l i...
J .'.Vv V'l
years ago.
gnation
l v ,H,jiijcai coiiinas-i of
the empire. Sir Charles M.irdau, t foum
among lus w,fcs"s pajn-rs some billets
from the rrince. The result was a s it
or divorce, in which, after great diflfcul v
he plamtiils succeeded iniroducn g
1 rince pei'stmally uin the witness stand
Ihe Prince denied his guilt and Lady M 'l
daunt was adjudged insane. The motie n
lov divorce was refused on that ground.
Ihe remaining facts of the Prince's life
are very few lu the latter part of 1WI) he
again visited the east, accompanied by 1 is
wile, and attended tho inauguration of I t"
Suez canal.
I.V UiEI.A.NO.
The last public act, or, rather, series of
acts, which brought him before the publi,.
w as bis visit to Ireland in the sprhi"- of the
present year. It w;is hoped that "his an
pearance in state wonM do much to con
ciliate the Irish people; but the tour ended
in a not at Pha-,jix pu,k) jjuI,lju IJ),
rea ly culminated in the disturbances which
took place during his residence in the
V leeiegal Lodge.
After this his Loyal Highness made a
hasty retreat lrom the Irish capital, and
returned to the observance of his evervd n
routine life, alternating his residence lion,
Sandrmghamto Windsor and Marlborough
House, and again resorting to -houses of
call in one ol w hich, it ii said, he eatudit
the fever about the same moment as did
the Earl ot Chesterlleld, who has just died
of the sickness.
THE WHXfli AS A FHKE.MASOX.
The Prince of Wales was installed Grand
Master of the Masons of England a short
time since, on the occasion of the retire
ment of the Earl of Zetland from the ollicc.
Ihe 1 mice delivered a very pleasing ad
dress subsequently, ju the. course of which
he referred in feeling teims to the memory
of his uncle, the late Duke of Sussex, as a
member and master of the fraternity.
HIS II.EXESS.
The lust medical bulletin animunciii"
tlie illness ol the Prince with typhoid fever
was issued from Sandringhani on the '-Jd
of November, though he w as lirst take,, o,i
the I Ah. No unfavorable symptoms had
occurred in the mean time, and since the
former date until within a lev days a"y the
physicians believed that they had the dis
ease under control.
It is supposed that the disease originated
in the use of a foul w ater supply, to" which
typhoid fever is often traced, it w as so in
the case of the late Prince Consort, who
was taken ill about the 1st of December
lbtil. aud died on the 1-y.h.
A Mystery of I'url.
Many a ghastly and ghostly story has
been told heretofore about the "Mysteries
of Paris," which, if Ma.-!anie Humor has
been at all credible, are absolutely innume
rable. The last "mystery"' that Jias been
solved furnishes material for a day's gossip,
in the French metropolis, and of its nature
and discovery a eoiTcspondent hastens to
inform the world. Inline Bamnon there
was an apparently deserted old mansion of
the eighteenth century. Its iron doors
were never opened; its shutters remained
perennially closed its gardens were wholly
overgrown with weeds. But many nervous
people were accustomed to tell strange
stories about what they had seen and heard
there. Lights had been occasionally ob
served flashing through the interstices of
the shutters, sparks had ascended from tlie
chimneys, and the murmuring of subdued
voices' had been delected. These allega
tions finally became so numerous and em
phatic that the police, who had never been
able to "make anything" out of the build
ing with all their ingenuity, determined to
obtain admission in some w ay, and find out
the cause of the unaccountable manifesta
tions. So they sounded the. walls and ex
amined the doors, but without elli-ct. At
last they discovered a lor.g and dark subter
ranean passage, leading tow ard the founda
tion. This tJ icy traversed until a wroiight
iron door obstructed their advance, ih
turning to the upper air, somewhat angered
by this time, the i n vest igatoi-s secured tlx
services of a brawny blacksmith, who ap
plied his biceps to a sledge-hammer with
such force as to break down one of th
doors of the spectral abode, wJlmi an extra
ordinary spectacle met their gay.e. The
room was brilliantly lighted, and around a
table sat a large number of terrified and
fainting gamblers. It was a large gaining
house. The mystery w as solved, and Paris
breathed f reer.
t lie True Xohilily ol Ilurtli.
The Legislature of Alabama agreed to
pay three lawyers, employed in the Canton
railroad suit at Knosville $0,000. One of
these. General James II. Clinton, was
killed and h it his family x.or. The other
two, Messrs. Stone am I Cloplon, transferred
their interest in the fee of fri'O.Ouo to Gene
ral Clanton's widow. A deed like this, of
two lawyers, neither rich, redeems an age
ami country. Selfishness and lovts of nioi.ey
blacken every page of current history.
Mi itqitin Appeal.
Death and the Ktoek llxchauxe.
The Stock Exchange looks iqon death as
a mere matter ol business. A cable dis
patch to the Associated Press said "The
firmness of the market is not owing to the
favorablcness of the news, but to the fact
that the Prince's death has been thoroughly
discounted.' Of course, that the possible
efiects of tho death of the heir to the throne
should be anticipated w as only natural: but
what a horribly grotcrque illustration of the
spirit of trade is the jaunty tone with which
the most aw ful of events is discussed in the
jargon of the broker's of lice.
Trouble for Jurymen.
Since the proceedings began in the Whar
ton trial at AnnajioliSjiiitelJigence has arriv
ed announcing the severe sickness of Juror
Eza Sheckel's father, and also the death of
Juror Stephen Beard's sten-mothcr. both
of w hom have been decrepid invalids for
many years past. Of course the two jurors
cannot return to their homes on this ac
count, and consequently ihey must he
greatly worried over their family alllic
tions. The Governor of Pennsylvania announ
ces that the amount of the State debt re
deemed during the twelve months ending
November GOth was $2,113,228.
In Fauquier county, Va., a little son of
James Ilinson, about ten years old, left
home on Wednesday morning on a rabbit
hunt, and was not found until Friday morn
ing. When found he was sitting beneath a
tree, stiff and cold in death.
At Littleton, Mass., Tuesday, Patriek
Keating fatally shot his wife wiih a revolv
er ana then shot himself, in tlie presence of
their lour young chudren. Domestic uuu-
was married on