THE oskaloosa herald.
Thursday, December 21, 1871.
Read “Lost” column.
Read M. Wilson'* locate-
Read Trask Willard’s locals.
Read Jefferies Son’s numerous lacals.
Frankel «fc Co. want furs. Read notice.
Don’t fail to read S. J. Dutton A Co’s
locals.
John Lamb, Merchant Tailor, has a new
local. Read it.
Regular Communication of Tri-luminar
next Friday night.
Davenport vis visited by a $4,000 in
cendiary fire on Sunday night last.
Universalist sociable to night, (Thurs
day) at the residence of A. Simms, east
part of town.
Coal. —We want a few loads of coil on
subscription, at once, accompanied by the
“«ceiffh tU-kets."
W. H Kinney ha-* leased a water mill
in Adel, on the classic Coon, and gone
there to live and grow rich.
Lyceum at the Friends Church, corner
High and Monroe streets, next Saturday
evening. Everybody invited.
There will be a Christmas tree at the
Christian Church on Monday night. A
good time of course will be had.
E. tl. Gibbs, President of the Union
Savings Bank, has gone East on a pleasure
trip, and will be absent several weeks.
Read the new advertisement of Clare
PrRDY to be found elsewhere. He starts
out right, and will succeed. Give him a
call.
L. D. Vickers, hauled 79 bushels of coal
at one lead, with two horses, from Ed
Burke's bank, to Central R. R. of I. Who
can beat it
Twenty or thirty firms of Marshalltown
certify that a certain “Rev.” of that city is
not in the hsbit of getting drunk, etc. A
new wrinkle
Washington Tp., (Indianoln) Warren
county, will hold an election on the 4th
day cf January to vote on a three per cent
tax to the Southwestern.
Vert Appropriate.—Van Dusen, an
apostate orator of Council Bluffs has his
“free love headquarters on the bottom,”
as we learn from tbe Nonpareil.
Not Dead. —We have several times been
asked if Z T Fisher was dead, and are now
prepared to say he is not, —having his own
word for it. He will be on hand next
Court.
There will be an oyster supper at Buck
eye school house, four miles east of Oska
loosa, on Tuesday eve, tbe 26th inst., for
the benefit of the Sabbath School, All are
-cordially invited to*attend.
The Register aavs: “The Christian
Church of Bt. Peter, Minnesota, has given
a SSOO endowment fund to Oskaloosa Col
lege Tor the establishment of a bible de
partment in that institution."
Mendel of the Albia Union will please
stand up and tell the class how the 23d
lowa could possibly have been at Shiloh
when it was not organized until four
mouths after that memorable April morn.
B. W. Gates of Adani9 Tp., took the
bark track last week, nml moved to Onta
rio, New York, where he will hereafter
make his home. We regret to lose Ri from
our midst, but bope be may do well in his
new cho’ce
Paper—So many editors are complain
ing of their paper not coming to hand. If
they dealt with Snidrk A Holmes of St.
Louis, they would not thus mourn. We
have dealt with them four years and never
been disappointed.
1t
y
ft*
I
Mail Book. —Our new mail book is
nearly completed and will be used from
January 1, 1872 many names will not be
found thereon that day, unless prompt ac
tion is taken. We don’t intend running a
paper for fun next year.
00

f
f t
Tom J. Fletcher renewed bis subscrip
tions for five copies of the Herald. In re
sponse to our proposition to take the
whole issue be says he thinks not, and we
refer the girls to him for the comparison
be made. We dare not tell it.
Festival. —Orin Counsil informs us
that the Masons of Bellefontaine Lodge,
No. 163, will give a festival on the 27th.
These occasions are always well attended
-and seasons of much enjoyment. We
hope they will have a good time
Jones House. —Remember when you
goto Des Moines this winter that the Jones
House is the place to stop Fare good,
rates low, and long John to tell you a mor
al yarn. By the wav, John, how Is the
Ice water Have you realized on the other
as?et yet
Fine Hogs.— Last Tuesday Mieir West
•old to John Chick, 192 hogs that averaged
330 lb, which for the large number is a
splendid average Two of the lot, bought
»by them of E. T. Rector, weighed 1170 lbs.
an average of 585 each. Mahaska turn*
out some aplendid “pigs.”
The Ladies of the First M. E. church
have been busy during the week, making
preparations for their Festival, which wi 1
be held at City Hall, Saturday and Mon-
day evenings, Dec. 23 and 25th. They
promise an interesting time to all who at
tend. Do not fail to be present.
Marble.—F. W. McCall is getting in
another large atock of marble to supply
the extensive trade he has built up through
out the State. Hi« shop is full of good me
ebanics whose work are their references,
and he feels able to supply all wants in his
line. Persons desiring work will remem
ber bis shop on High street, first block west
of square, where samples may always be
seen.
Toe Bellefontsine M. E. church will have
a tree on Christmas night, and general
good time ia anticipated. On the evening
•of the 12th, Rev. U. B. Smith of that church
-delivered a telling Temperance Lecture at
the church, which we know he is well pre
pared to do in good shape. He is a gen
tleman of culture and we are glad to learn
is likely to accomplish much good with his
p reseat charge.
The Philomathi Society of the College
*Ol give an exhibition to morrow evening.
The previous efforts of this society have
been ao successful that we bespeak for
them a lull house, as the programme pre
pared ia unuaually interesting. Question
for debate, ‘‘Should there be another Polit
ical I arty Performances will begin at
7 o'clock. Admission 15 eta each or 25 cts
for gentleman and lady,
Eddytillb has taken the advice we
have oflered our people so often, n d or
ganized a company to encourage manufac
ture* to locate there. Last week they closed
a bargain with a man who proposes to
start a foundry. The company loans him
#5 000 for five years, and he is to commence
operations at once. This will add many
times the amount invested to the import
ance and capital of Eddy ville.
I
Ay*/* t*f this city, died last Tuesday
morning at M early hour. Some three
years since he received a paralytic stroke
firoa which ha never reaovered entirely—
dhe nerves of on* eg* being rendered use
rises—and a startU<a* since he received a
tUck which finally resulted fatal
fly. Ha was buried Wednesday id
o’fltocfc, tom Itataffistf Mr. A/ara.
Keokuk County.—The News says Josi
ah Utterbach, of Lancaster township, has
met with considerable 1068, as follows A
herd of cattle which he was feeding near
Vickerey’s lake, attempted to cross the
river on the ice. The ice broke and a
*arge number of the cattle were drowned.
Some of those which reached the shore
have since died Samuel Melogue an old
settle r, died last week, aged 69 years.
Every publisher in the land is a witness
that in three cases out of four when a boy
goes away to school, his first effort is a cor
respondence with his home paper, setting
forth the advantages of the institution of
learning he is attending, over all others
and expects the editor to publish it for
nothing, when such an advertisement
would cost the school, dollars. To com
plete the inconsistency he hardly ever
takes the home paper.
House Burned. —Every one will read
the heading of this note with a shudder,
and pity will till their hearts for any per
son rendered h >useless in such cold as we
have had for some days past. Last Suu
day, Mrs. Harris, a war widow living in the
Cruzen neighborhood, north west of town,
had her house and contents entirely de
stroyed by fire. She shut the house up,
and went to a neighbors to spend the day,
and when she returned found her house a
mass of ruins.
For Messenger.—Frank S. Rice, son
of the late Gen. Samuel A. Rice, will be a
candidate for Messenger of the Senate.
Frankie is a bright, active boy, well cal-
culated to discharge the duties of that of
fice, and we hope he will receive it. His
father, one of the bravest and most gallant
officers that ever went forth from lowa,
lost his life in the service of his country—
receiving the wound that laid him low
while leading his Brigade against tlie en
emy. and certaiuly the Senate cannot re
fuse bis orphan so small a boon.
Monroe County—The Union says a
coal digger, by the name of Hunt, living
three miles west of Albia, died on last Sat
urday. He dug coal until one o’clock P.
M., and came home to dinnev,complaining
some of sore throat, which commenced
swelling so rapidly that, by the time Ids
wife g*t his dinner ready, be could not
swallow, and he died at half past four....
Albia will put up a “Union Block” next
spring, off the square, because they cannot
get lots theieon... .Albia has a company
entitled “Exchange Manufacturing Com
pauy.” They propose to manufacture
woolen goods.
The Council Bluff- Manufacturing Asso
ciation is in lull blast, and receiving letters
every day from parties of capita! desirous
of locating in some town where the people
have faith enough in its future to assist
capitalists with a temporary loan to in
crease and further their business. At the
last meeting of the C. B. Association, prop
ositions were read from parties desiring to
start a starch factory, pottery, cracker fac
tory, wrought iron bridge works, printing
ink factory, woolen mills,ete. The associ
ation has weekly meetings, and at its last
ordered the Secretary to subscribe for and
distribute weekly, to Eastern hotels and
manufactories, 50 copies of each of the pa
pers published in the town.
Whetstone Bros took some unaccount
able freak last Friday, and sold out their
grocery to Clark Purdy. We are glad to
welcome Clark back again to the trade, ami
hope he may do well in his new location
and also hope tho Whetstone boys will not
leave us, but engage in some other business
among us at an early day. Three years
ago they came among us strangers, know
ing no one, went into business, built up a
good, lucrative trade, and by honorable
and straightforward dealing gained the
confidence of their patrons. Here’s hoping
both the old and the new msy prosper and
grow rich. Clark will continue at. the old
stand of course.
Marion County. —The Democrat says
the wall of a well fell in on Thos. Vincent,
inflicting severe injuries... .A log rolled
over on Mat Andrews, who was employed
in Major Gibson’s saw mill, throwing him
back against an upright iron bar nearly an
inch in diameter, which entered bis tody
near the anus, passing upward several
inches, producing a dangerous if not fatal
wound... .The Blade says an attempt was
made to rob Peter J. Davenport, near
Pella, but he put spurs to bis horse and
escaped his two assailants The Demo
crat says the wolves are so plenty in Dallas
Tp., that they are seen every day. They
are destroying the sheep .A horse fell
on Thos. B. Harvey and mashed lus foot.
.And a little child, brother of the above
boy fell through a cellar trap door and se
riously injured it.
Prospkctusf.s. —We present several
prospectuses of interesting publications
this week. The Davenport Gazette one
of the finest dailies in the west, has a short
announcement which you should read.
Tne Lady's Friend and Saturday Even
ing Post, two of the most popular publica
tions in Philadelphia are offered astonish
ingly low to clubs. The Post has been
greatly improved of late, and now is one
of the finest literary papers in the land.
The prospectus of Harper’s Bazar w ill
at once claim the the attention of every
lady who loves tho fashions—and who
does not. No one can surpass the Harper
publications, aud a price list is given in
their prospectus.
The Chicago Tribune has a prospectus
which we invite you to read. It is one of
Chicago’s best papers.
To Protect Treks from Rabbits and
Winter Blioiit.— W. 8. Wharton of
Belief mtaiue informs us that after reading
our “fish-oil” remedy for rabbits, he tbo’t
to submit fine of hia own, that he has used
successfully for some time. He takes u
newspaper, tears it in long strips, doubles
them and then begins up as high us desired,
to wrap the body of the tree, spirally, with
this paper, tying at the top and bottom
with string, linn bark, or anything else
that will tie. He says the rabbits will not
bother the tree thus bandaged, and that it
also protects them from the winter freezes
and thaws that do so much damage. At
first thought it docs not look like the paper
would stand the weather, but Mr. Wharton
says he has often read whole articles after
removing the wraps, so well were they
preserved. This is a matter of interest to
every one, and though rather late to try
for the blight, might yet save valuable
trees from the rabbits, and will do well to
preserve for reference next year. Every
farmer takes (or should) a paper or two,
and the accumulation of a year will bind
up quite a large orchard. Try it some of
you.
The accident on the Central, spoken of
by us last week occurred in this wise The
engine John S. Gilman, was backing down,
pulling after it nine coal cars bound for
the Hardin Mahaska Coal Co’s fields in
Monroe county, and when a short distance
below Kddyville, four cattle jumped on
the track and attempted to cross just in
front of the tender. The train was run
ning sixteen miles an hour, and “beefed”
the bovines suddenly, cutting the heads of
two entirely off, and killing another dead.
The engine turned a complete somer
sault in the muss. Four persons were on
the engine at the time of these Iloriger
fhe fireman and Bentley jumped, and
after performing various evolutions, bro’t
up with plenty r ,f bruises and “peelings,"
bui no serious damage. Conductor Ells
worth, and Engineer Wolcott were bunch
ed with the engine, aud covered with rub
bish and fragments, and looked like they
were killed, but when brought to light, the
conductor was found to be but little dam
aged, while Wolcott had a few ribs broken,
shoulder dislocated, and some other bruises.
The escapes are truly wonderful. The
Company will lose SIO,OOO by the smash
up. Mo blame is attached to any one.
Foundry and Machine Shop.—Run
ning about town the other day, we stum
bled into the foundry of J. C. Harrington,
and Machine shop of Thomas Seevers, sit
uated on West Main street near the depot.
These enterprising workmen have this
year built new houses for their works,
moved therein a few days ago, and are
now just getting fixed up. The Foundry
is 20x75, one story high, and furnished
throughout in the best style, not being ex
celled by any establishment of the kind in
Central lowa. With plenty of room, good
workmen and good machinery, he can turn
out the best of work. The improvements
made by Mr. Harrington in and arouud
his foundry this year, will amount to about
$2500. Just north of the foundry on the
same lot, (which by the way occupies the
square) is the Machine shop of Thomas
Seevers. This is a solid, substantial,
two story frame house, erected this
season, at a cost of about $4,000, and
well fitted with all the modem appliances
for good work. The machinery is run by
a 25 horse power engine of Seevers’ own
make, and a beauty it is. Tom flatters
himself that when once settled down in
his new quarters, he will be able to cope
with any job in his line that may put in
an appearance. Manufactures such as
these we must build up in our midst, and
the way to do it is to patronize them our
selves. Every dollar spent with a home
workman circulates again amoDg us. and
assists those who build up the place, pay
the taxes, aud furnish work tor the labor
er. You would do well to call at these
works ard see them, at least.
The Gruwell Brick. —This fine new
brick on the corner of High and Washing
ton streets, one block west of the square, is
20x80, two stories high, with stone base
ment beneath. The structure was com
menced in June, we believe, the Dr. tear
ing down his brick dwelling house to make
room for it. Ihe front is the mixed —Mar-
shalltown cut stone pillur lacing the west
wall, and stone caps over front, supported
by iron pillars of Harrington’s make. The
building is occupied by
Craig A Alexander
wth their smashing sink of Hardware,
.s'ov. s and Tinware, which they are just
moving in. Tl c basement uudt r the whole
building, will bv- used by them for storing
stoves, and they have stock enough to fill
it. The first story is the sales room, and
has been fitted up to order for the business,
with shelves, counters, etc., arranged in
the most convenient manner. litre their
large stock of Hardware is being arranged,
anil a fine display of stoves of ali kinds is
kept for selection. The second story is
it-;--I for shop in front, and the rear will be
shelved ami tinware stored therein, of
which they have an immense amount on
hand. They will get all moved by the Ist
of January, (if Bill Duke’s back gets well
—and guess the liniment will cure him)
and when straightened up will have one of
the finest stores in town. These gentle
men have been in business on the south
west corner for a number of years, and by
fdr dealing and accommodating salesmen
have built up a large trade, which w'e hope
may follow them to their rew location.
They are agents for a new school desk
that is said to be a fine thing and also for
the celebrated Fairbanks’ scales.
“HERALD BLOCK.”
Now that the new’ block on Main street,'
tearing the above title is nearly completed,
it may not prove uninteresting to give a
description of it and its occupants. About
the Ist of last May, Leighton Needham,
and Tobias Leighton, bought of D. W. Bor
ing the. corner lot, and proceeded to erect
a two-story brick to be used by the Her
ald office. The foundation was scarcely
in when Eii Ketner joined us on the east.
Then 31. E. Cults declared his intention
(afterwards swapping lots with T. K.
Bmith) T. K. Smith, David Evans, and
3lillor, Munsell Ilarbach joining in aud
completing the block. We shall speak of
each in detail. The corner room on Main
and Washington streets, constitutes
OUR NEW QUARTERS.
The building is 20x100, (or as Welch put it
about another in town, 'front* 100 feet on
Washington street,” and 20 on Main,) and
two stories high the lower floor is divid
ed l>y a brick partition, in two rooms, each
20x50, with foot story. The front
room is occupied by the Post-office and
lieuben Whitaker’s News Depot. The
Post office has been refitted and much im
proved by Postmaster Needham, at his
own expense two hundred new boxes
added, und all re-arranged, re painted and
re numbered, until be lias now one of the
neatest and most convenient offices in the
State. The “Lobby” occupied by Whit
aker’s News Depot, is fitted up in a style
not equalled by any similar establishment
in the State, so far as our observation has
extended. Here a full line of the latest
papers and magazines, daily, weekly and
monthly, may always be found. Reuben
intends increasing his stock of books at an
early day, and keep everything standard.
In the meantime he has a full line of sta
tionery of all kinds, memorandum books.
Diaries, Albums, Notions, Holiday Goods,
etc., which lie is always pleased to show
you. In the front room, second floor,
reached by the iron stairway on the west
side, (the only one in town) you will find
the
herald office
Sanctum, a pleasant and comfortable room,
20x20, with foot story. Here the ed
itor sits and hears the mournful cry of tho
grinning devil, “More Copy,” and the more
disheartening cry of delinquent subscribers,
“No Money.” This room is intended for
the transaction of the editorial and finan
cial business of the firm. The next room
back, 20x00, is used as a “stock room,”
which will be partially shelved and ar
ranged with tables or counters, in which
will be kept all kinds of material for first
class job and newspaper printing from the
finest bristol board visiting card, to the
whole sheet of nows. Passing through
this, we come to the composing room, 20x
50, lighted by seven large windows, and
which we unhesitatingly pronounce one of
the nicest, if not the nicest room used for
the purpose in the State. Large, comfort
able, very light, and handy as a pocket,
having been built expressly for the use it is
now put to, it is hard to conceive a better.
At the south east corner is an elevator for
raising and lowering the heavy forms,
which answers to a dot. It is the handi
work of T. Leighton, and answers the pur
pose as well and cost but a mite compared
with the imported ones. In this room
George It. Lee, John 8. Nichols, George
W. Hinesley, Pierce Perdue and W. P.
Ilellings do the type-setting on news and
book work, and a better set of boys were
never congregated together than they are.
All the book, news, and advertising type
are found in this room, filling two exten
sive cabinets, and about twenty-five pairs
of news cases, and consisting, besides that
shown yon weekly in our paper, of a large
amount of new Primer and Nonpareil,
kept expressly for book-work—a line in
which we claim to excel. The balance of
the furniture consists of the usual amount
of stands, racks, imposing stones, Wash
ington hand press, etc. Immediately be
low this room, (reached by stairs and ele
vator) is the job office and press room of
the establishment, presided over by W.M.
Leioiiton, the best job printer in Central
lowa, as his specimen book will fully sub
stantiate; assisted by “Smiley" and
“Sparks," who are indispensable in their
line. The job type, consisting of over 150
fonts, nearly all new. is contained in three
large cabinets—the wood type being taste
fully arranged in a rack fastened to the
wall. The presses consist of our large
Potter Power press, on which the Herald
is printed, and which is often brought into
use for job work of large size; our Cin
cinnati jobber large size, and the quarto
medium Gordon jobber, one of the finest
specimens of press ever made. These are
all good, till the bill to a dot, and turn out
splendid work. The office is furnished
with various conveniences such as a long
experience at the trade would suggest.
The building was erected under the su
pervision of T. Leighton, who did the car
penter work, and is a fine job throughout,
—the best of stone in the foundation, and
Frauk Castle’s unexcelled work in the
caps, sills, etc., best of brick in the walls,
laid by the best of workmen —Binns
Rouse, first-class lumber in the finish,
plaster finish on the walls, In Philasder
McMullin’s best style, one of Craig A Alex
ander’s best tin roofs to cover it, and sup
ported by Harrington’s cast iron pillars,
we may say it is all first-rate. The next
room to the east is that of
Eli Ivetner.
The building is 20x00, same front and fin
ish as the one just spoken of, and occupied
by Ketner Anderson as Clothing Store
and Merchant Tailoring establishment.
Their store room is well laid off, light, com
fortable and agreeable, and well filled with
one of the best stocks of goods in their
line, which they have no hesitancy in call
ing the people’s attention to through the
newspaper columns. Mr. Ketner is also
agent for the celebrated Howe Sewing Ma
chine, which he keeps always on hand.
The second story of this building is reach
ed by a stairway between this room and the
next, with the entrance to it on the street.
This story is divided into two large rooms
with a smaller one attached to each for
closet or wash room. The back room is
occupied by the firm themselves for a work
shop, and here those famous wedding
suits within which so many hearts go “pit
a-pat,” are turned out by accomplished
workmen. Tke front room is torrent, we
believe. It is well lighted, and would
make a splendid office. Next door east
we find
T. I\. Smith.
Some one very appropriately dubbed him,
from his initials, Time Keeper Smith. Be
fore entering this room you pause to ad
mire those beautiful French plate glass,
56x132 inches each, the largest and finest
in this part of Towa, and clear ns crystal.
Enter the building, which is 20x60, and
you find yourself in one of the finest rooms
in town, made to order, for the business it
is now used for In ihe vault, under tbe
stairway is the fmc safe in which he stores
bis valuables, anti tastefully arranged over
the wall" aic regul.itois. clocks and time
pieces in profusion to suit almost any
taste, nud in »i>e elegant show eases on the
counters arc to be found every kind of
pocket-time piece, or almost any article of
jewelry desired from a watch-key to a dia
mond ring. The second story reached by
same stairs as Mr. Ivetner’s, is finished off
in a large room and small one, occupied
we believe, bv Mr. Stanton as picture gal
lery, and by the Harper L ibrary Associa
tion. Next door cast is the building of
M. E. Cutts.
Occupied by the wholesale Grocery of
Wright Spencer. The building is 20x110,
ami is the first of the block with cellar un
derneath. The cellar is six foot story, well
drained, and a valuable addition for the
business using it. An office is cut off the
front, of first story, the entrance door be
ing set to one side instead of the middle
as in the others. This office is enclosed on
three sides with glass doors, so arranged
that a person at the desk can see on the
street, any one enter, or any part of the
lower room without moving. Neither of
the store-rooms are. plastered, but neatly
whitewashed and partially hung with
shelves for the light goods. In the rear is
a splendid elevator put in by Thos. Seev
ers of this city, at a much less price than
eastern manufacturers demand for the
same. This will carry goods from the cel
lar to either story. Of Messrs Wright
Spencer we desire to say a word. They
are well known to our citizens as honest,
upright dealers, and are extending their
borders every day. When they first open
ed out here, the trade was confined to a
part of the town trade, and such of the
country custom as they could pick up, but
now they sell in every direction, cast, west,
north and south, on all the roads in the
State almost, running to the very den of
6ome of tlie large houses that formerly
carried off tho trade of our town. Their
line is complete, and dealers can replenish
their stock on as good terms as they can
farther away. Next door east is
David Evans.
Another 20x110, built as a counterpart of
Cults’, cellar and all. This room is not
finished 3 r et, hilt David is rapidly putting
it in shape for a renter who takes posses
sion in Fchruaiy or March. An elevator
will be placed in similar to that of Cutts’,
and the second story will be reached by a
spiral stairway which will be both useful
and ornamental. The walls will not be
plastert d, but painted or whitewashed, and
shelved. It will be a magnificent room,
and take an awful sight of goods to fill it
up. David has worked like a beaver, hav
ing the oversight o( five of the six room 9
on his hands, and the .substantial and satis
factory manner in which he accomplished
the work, shows that he understands his
business thoroughly, and gives him the
credit of being not only a good carpenter
but a fine builder. The last room in the
block is that of
Miller, Munseli. llarrach,
our enterprising furniture dealers, who,
tired of carrying their own insurance risks
in the wooden row they occupy, concluded
to build a substantial room that would defy
tire under ordinary circumstances. Their
room is 20x110, same style of two men
tioned last, with cellar beneath so lighted
by grated windows on street and alley, as
to be available for the rough work. The
first tloor will be the sales room, and up
stairs will be used tor storing and finish
ing. Iron shutters will protect the alley
windows, and make them secure against
any outside tire. When these gentlemen
get iu their new rooms they will have one
of the most complete and convenient es
tablishments in the country. Their stock
is large and well assorted, and the new
routna will give a chance for display they
do not now have.
Taken altogether the Block Is credit to
the town, and a decided convenience to the
occupants. The front is uniform stone
block pillars facing the front of each wall,
two iion pillars between, with heavy stone
caps resting thereou wiudow caps and
sills of stone, brick cornice and stone cop
ing. It makes a beautilul front. The roof
is all tin and put on by Craig Alexan
der, Geo. A. Wells, and Binilh Linton,
in separate contracts. The structure cost
over $30,000.
COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.
Oskaloosa. Dec. 11,1871
Regular meeting. Present The May
or, Counciltnen Young, lthineharl, Mc-
Quiston, Rounds, Hurst aud Huntsman.
The minutes of previous meeting were read
and approved.
Committee on Streets and Alleys report
ed in favor of granting petition for walk
on Market street, and upon motion the re
port of Committee was received and walk
ordered built.
The following claims were then pre
sented, read and allowed
>1 W Edrion service as policeman 4 weeka.f 40 00
Kliat* lieuley 40 00
Thos Newell act'g deputy Marshal 7 day*. 14 00
Kiley JefieUp 2*4 600
W Correll Co work for city 3 40
Price iiro* mdae for city C 40
James <J Dix, work ou »i reets 15 25
Cary Cooper, mdse for city 3 05
Wray A Son, lumber lor city 117 49
N Cavin, surveying for city 2 00
JA L Crookham, lumber for city. 2017 ft.. 05 66
Isaac Kaibach A Son, lumber for city 171 68
3 mo’s pound rent 15 00
Win H Simmon*, services as Street Com r 50 87
Upon motion of Councilman Hurst the
Street Commissioner was instructed to
make a written report in accordance with
Sec. 3, Ordinance No. 10, and present the
same at next meeting of the Council.’
Upon motion of Councilman Hurst a
Committee of three be appointed, to con
sist ot City Solicitor, Councilmen Hunts
man and AlcQuiston, to investigate the
damages sustained by certain property
holders by the vacation of Kossuth street
for railroad purposes.
Couuoihuau Young tendered his resigna
tion as'Councilman 2d of Ward. Upon
motion of Councilman Rhinehart the res
ignation was not accepted.
Upon motion Council adjourned.
Frank Kelly, G. H. Bauds,
City Clerk. Mayor.
The “Post Office Directory,” loaned to
one of our business firms, is needed at the
Post Office now. Please return it imme
diately. P. M.
Here’s a puzzle. When you make it oat
tell some one
If the B m t put:
If the B putting
Rebecca Lodge of I. O. O. F. will meet
next Tuesday, Dec. 26, and all members of
the degree are herewith cordially invited
to be present, as a general good time is
expected, and briDg their baskets well fill
ed with the good things of Kris Kingle.
Mrs M. Harbach, Sec’y.
I. O. O. F.— There will be a public in
stallation of officers of Commercial Lodge,
No. 128,1. O. O. F., at their hall, Wednes
day eve, January 3d, 1872. A good lec
turer has been secured to deliver a public
address for the occasion. The public is
cordially invited to attend. By order of
Committee. 2
Side bt Side.—The story is told in a
few words:
ratter Christ claims to Porter-Clay-P otter
have been shipwrecked Christ Poetical Perpetual
and swallowed up by a Political Platform Con
shark. Having tome ser ®a-tor Phoenix Re
emetic with him, bowev- form Leader Welch swal
er, in case of an emer- lowed a (Democratic)
gency—he applied it to whale and threw up a
the shark's intestines (Reform) mouse which
and was disgorged on he thought would revo
the back of a wbale 160 lutlonize the land, but
acres in extent, by which had not enough
which he was carried to vitality to get up a Con-
Council Bluffs. vention.
OVER THE RIVER.
Dec. 13,1871.
Eds. Herald Things in general are
prosperous here Elder Hickey still con
tinues his meetings at the Christian Chap
el—having received some 36 accessions by
letter and otherwise.... W. I. Cone’s dog
became so dangerously mad they were
compelled to shoot him... .Our people are
still gathering corn, and we have a very
big crop Our shools are starting out
favorably General health quite good.
Yours, Observer.
In the Miami (Ohio) Gazette, we find the
following
“W. H Child, of Madieon. 1* the poMetaor of
on<- of'the fir*t lettuce of coppercoiu ever raide in
the I’mtef. S'ntee On one side ie the fun Khlning
on a eun-dial at the base of which are the word*',
“Mind Your BurineM," the date “1787," aud the
word “Fugio." On the reverse aide are the
words, “We Are One," surrounded by a chain of
thirteen link*. This ie a very rare coin not
more than half a dozen are known to be in exist
ence in this country. 1
J. E. Klein of our city has one of the
above mentioned coins in.his possession at
the present time. It bears the same in
scriptions as above, and has been in his
possession a number of years, having re
ceived it when keeping store in Ohio.
Religious.— Divine service in St. James’
church as follows: This evening, (festival
of St. Thomas) at 7 o’clock Saturday eve
ning at 0 o’clock, at which time the fruits
of the Christmas tree will be distributed
to tl*e lambs of the fold. Service on Sun
day at the usual hours, a. m., and 6%
p. m. Monday (Christmas) divine service,
and Holy Communion, commencing at 11
a. m. Tuesday (Festival of St. Stephen)
at 7p. m. Wednesday (Festival of St,
John the Evangelist) at 11 a. m. Thurs
day (Festival of Holy Innocents) at 7 p. in.
Sermon or lecture at each of the above
services. T. B. Kemp.
lowa Southwestern R. R. At a meet
ing of the Executive Committee of the
Board of Directors of the lowa Southwest
ern R. R.,at lowa City, iast week, the fol
lowing resolution was unanimously adopt
ed
“Resolved, That the Secretary of the Board of
Directors be directed to notify the County Treas
urer* and Township Collectors of the varloua
countie* in which taxes have been voted in aid of
the lowa Southwestern railroad, that the aaid rail
road Consents that such taxes may be received by
tiie proper treasurers and township collectors
without penalty or interest until the times named
hereafter that is to say
By the Treasurer of Cl.nton County, until the
let day of April, 1872.
By the Treasurer of Johnson County, until the
Ist day of June, 1872.
By the Treasurer of Keoknk County, until the
let day of July, 1872.
By the Treasurer of Mahaska County, uutll the
let day of July, 1872,"
This settles the questiou we have oft been
asked, and as often answered nearly as
above.
REME MB E R*TH E POOR.
The committees and officers of the Peo
ples Relief Society are as follows
Ist Ward —Mrs. D. N. Patton, J. W
Coryell, D. 8. Mooney and N. Dodge.
2d Ward—Mrs. W. B. Street, W. A.
Lind ley, J. F. Childs, and W.E. Shepherd.
3d Ward—Mrs. M. E. Cutts, D. A. Hoff
man, 8. A. Rice and N. Caveo.
4th Ward —Mrs. John Craig, W. Kemp
er, J. Green and J. F. Everett.
Mrs. C. P. Searle chairman of the Gen
eral Committee. F. M. Davenport, Esq.,
Sec’y of the Society.
At a meeting of the General Committee
15lh inst., W. A. Lindley’s resignation of
the office of Treasurer, was accepted, and
Henry Howard elected to fill the vacancy.
All monies will therefore be paid to him,
and all material left at his store. Mr. How
ard is also the Intelligence Agent for the
Society. Persons desiring employment
can find it by calling on him. And in or
der to aid him let citizens who desire labor
performed report to him. Misses Craig
and Morris reported as the result of their
canvass fifty one dollars in money and a
list of material pledged. These ladies de
serve credit for their promptness in this
matter. Misses Jennie Seevers and Josie
Williams were appointed to canvass the
south and east sides of the square.
An Appeal.
There is much destitution in our city this
winter, and we appeal to every citizen
possessing the means to aid as far as they
can in this work. Some have already done
so. There are many others yet who can
aid. Give whatever you caD, but do it
soon edibles, bed-clothing, old or new
garments, boots, shoes—anything that can
be used, to feed the hungry and clothe
shivering hacks and limbs. We appeal,
especially to our young men, artisans in
shops, and clerks in stores, banka and offi
ces to gather up their cast-off clothing and
give them for the poor. Bring all material
to Howard’s store, aad again we urge, do
it soon winter is here, and the need is
now 1 R. A. Me A.YKAL, Pres.
OSKALOOSA PRODUCE MARKET.
Wednesday, 3 p. m. December 20
Wheat, 95 100
Corn, 20
Potatoes, 35 40
Oats, 20 23
Hogs, 1,00 390
Butter, 15 18
Eggs, 20 22
Flour, 3,20 350
CHICAGO QENERAL MARKET.
Chicago, Dec. 18.
FLOUR—DuII the only demand ia for
super which sold at 4 50@4 75.
WHEAT—Opened moderately active
and firm, with sales No. 2, at 1 19%, but
subsequently declined and closed dull at
1 19@1 19% cash or December seller Jan
uary, sold at 1 20%@1 21%,closed at 1 20%
seller February closed at 1 22% No. 1,
quiet at 1 24% No. 3, 110%@1 11 re
jected, dujl and nominal at 1 05@1 06
sales, Nf. 1,1 carat 1 24% No. 2, 33 cars
and 60,000 bu. at 1 19%, 14 cars and 15,000
bu. at 1 16%, 10,000 bu. at 1 19%, No. 3,1
car at 1 10%, 1 car at 1 11.
CORN—Active but easier No. 2, sell
ing at 40%@41. latter to arrive, cash or
December seller January, at 41%@41%,
closing steady at range sales. No. 2, 9
cars at 40%, 102 cars and 45,000 bu. at 40%
rejected, 3cars at 39,10 cars at 39%.
OATS-Steady and firm: No. 2, 32
cash at 32% rejected, 1 car at 29.
BYE—Quiet and easier at 62@62%
sales, 5 cars at range.
BARLEY—DuII and weak No. 3, reg
ular,
seller January.
SEEDS—Timothy, iu better demand and
higher good samples sold at 3 12@3 20.
HOGS—Dressed, act ire and higher
nearly all sales round lots at 300 j but
little difference made In weights.
,^PORK—Mess, better and sold at 18 So(§
13 85 cash, closing at inside prices; seller
January closed at 18 40<g13 45 bid and
asked seller February, IV 80.
LARD—B%@B% cash Jan’y;
9 bid for February.
MEATS—Steady; green shoulders 8/3®
4; rough sides,
CHICAQO LIVE STOCK.
Chicago, Dec. 18.
CATTLE—Receipts 937 market dull
ond nominal for shipping’grades, shippers
being unable to obtain cars a few fancy
Christmas beeves and a few loads of com
mon butchers’ stock composed the sales at
nnchangod prices.
HOGS —Receipts 15,485 market active
at 10 c higher, ranging at 4 10(34 50, with
most sales at 4 20a4 30 the pens were
cleared at the close.
Stmptoms.— Slight pain in the side, the
skin and eye assume a thick yellow coat,
digestion is impaired, an unpleasant sink
ing sensation at the pit of the stomach is
experienced, the bowels are irregular, the
mind fretful, the memory weakened, some
times a slight cough, coldness of the hands
and feet, sometimes lose ot appetite and at
others unnatural craving for food, dizzi
ness of the head, depressed spirits, feeling
of uncertainty, of having left something
undone, but can’t tell what it is. Take
Simmons’ Liver Regulator, it will remove
all unpleasant feelings and make you well.
DIED.
At the Mahaeka County Poor Farm, on Friday,
Dec. 15th, of Dyspepsia, Joshua Mcbsitroto,
in hla 76th year. Joshua was born in England
and for the last few years has been *a member of
the Baptist church at Agricola, of the county.—
Services were held at the Poor Farm, conducted
by Revs. J. F. Chilns and John Jefferies, ou which
occasion some very appropriate (remarks were
made, Baite a number of the neighbor* in that
vicinity were in attendance, showing their re
spect for the dead. H. P. Wsavbh, Supt.
Mias Maby P. Rkillby, daughter or K. O. and
Laranda Reilley, departed this life on Wednes
day. the 13th iust., after a lingering and painful
illness of nine months during which time she
bore her illness with calmness and resignation.—
She breathed her last surrounded by those she
loved best on earth. Her decease was happy and
contented, relying on the merits of a crucified
Redeemer, and a lively hope of a glorious im
mortality. Miss Reilley united herself with tho
Congregational church in the Spring of 1356, and
and has up to the time of her death lived a pious
and exemplary life. In her deportment she was
kind and courteous to all with whom she was ac
quainted. Her conslstert and Christian life en
deared her to the many triunds who now mourn
her death but their loss la her gain, when called
away by the dispensations of a wise and benefi
cent Providence to a home not made with hands,
eternal iu tbe heavens. 3be was aged thirty
three years, nine months and twenty time days.—
She died as the Christian dieth, full of hope and
Joy. and her iaslend was peace. She sleeps well.
"Be ye also ready.
Fkie.nd.
BUSINESS NOTICES.
Twenty cents a line for each insertion
under this head.
Regular patrons with standing advertisements
will be charged one-half these rates.
Apples and Feathers at Dutton Co’s.
L. ROOT &CO.,
Pay the highest price in cash for Hides,
Pelts, Rags, &c., one block west of the
square. 15w3
LADIES KID
Gloves sold very cheap at Jefferies Son’s
store. 15
BARGAINS.
Genuine Mink Furs for sls and S2O at
Trask Willard’s.
GRAND NEW YEAR’S ENTERTAIN
MENT
COLLEGE SOIREE AND FESTIVAL
EVERYBODY INVITED I
The occasion enlivened by
MUSIC, TOASTS, &c.
A sumptuous Supper and other refresh
ments will be served in
COLLEGE DINING HALL
at usual rates.
Proceeds devoted to furnishing College
Chapel. Remember the time, January 1,
1872. Doors open at 6 o’clock, p. m.
Committee.
IF YOU
want to get goods cheap, go to Jefferies
Son’s, north side of Public Square.
Trask Willard have a splendid stock
of Velveteens also Bazique Cloakings.
ARMED TO THE TEETH,
Is a very common expression, but we
think armed to embellish and preserve
them to a ripe old age is decidedly more
beneficial and approdriate—this can only
he done by the fradrant “Sozodont.” For
cleansing, beautifying and preserving the
teeth, sweetening and purifying the breath,
it has no equal.
Spalding’s Olue is up to the sticking
point.
BOOTS SHOES,
Hats and Caps at reduced prices, at
Jeffbkiks Son’s.
STOP
and examine the splendid stock of Merin
oes, Sateens and Empress Cloths at Trask
Willard’s. Prices to suit guaranteed.
REMEMBER
that
NEEDHAM A WOLTZ
have the
LARGEST VARIETY
of
FANCY CANDIES
in the city.
Gold Band Queensware at Dutton.
FURS WANTED
We pay the highest market price in cash
for all kinds of Furs.
15w4 I. Frankel Co.
A few sets of Siberian squirrel furs at
$6.00, worth $10.50 at Jtfferies Son’s
■tore.
Go to Dutton Co’s for holiday presents.
REMEMBER THAT
Jefferies Son have a large assortment of
Dry Goods, Hats, Caps, Boots, Shoes, &c.,
at their store, No. 5, U. 8., north side of
square. 15
FRESH ARRIVAL! NEW GOODS!
AND GREAT BARGAINS
AT
M. Wilson's Cash Store—No. 6. Union
Block, Dress Goods, consisting of Plaids
Alpacas, Merinoes, Pongees, Ticooc Refes,
Poplins, Delaines, French Merinos, Ac.
Water proofs Cloaking, Velveteen, New
styles of Prints, Cantton Flannel, Linsey,
Gents under ware and over-shirts, Hus
pend era, Paper CcjUara, men and boy’s
Hats and Caps, men and boy’s Bock Gloves
and Mittens very cheap, HATS AND
CAPS AT COST, for the next 30 days, a
full line of Gents and Ladies Hossiery, La
dies Gloves, Shoes Nubias, Childrens iancy
Hose, Ladies Baskets. Also a good as
sortment of Bleached and Brown Muslins.
A good assortment of Meek’s Woolen
goods.
M. Wilson.
NOTICE.
To the citizens of Oskaloosa and C ounty
of Mahaska, greeting:
The compliments of the season.
It affords nie a great pleasure in this op
portunity of returning to you my heart
felt thanks for your very liberal support
and favors for the last 19 years.
And will call your attention the new
and full assortment of
HOLIDAY GOODS ANO PRESENTS
lam daily receiving, knowing that an in
spection of the same will please and satisfy
the tastes of the most fastidious, both as to
quality and prices.
I respectfully solicit a call from one and
all.
P. S—l would also call attention to the
fact of my ha\ ing secured from the East,
the services of a practical and experienced
Pharmacutist, who has full charge or my
dispensing department. Having tested
his qualities during the past four months,
I have no hesitancy in personally recom
mending his services to all who require a
careful preparation of their prescriptions
and recipes. Respectfully as ever,
Your obedient servant
W. M. WELLS.
A new invoice of Tea, Cofiee and Sugar
ht S. J. Ddttoh A Co’#.
Peaches, Raspberries, Whortleberries,
Blackberries and Lobsters only 25 cts per
can at Steam Bakery.
If you want to get a good square meal go
U Varna*’# glens# Bakery. wl
Call and see Trask Willard’s stock of
Furs before you buy. Only sls for a gen
uine mink set.
A few sets of Miuk Furs at $15.00 worth
$25.00 at Jefferies Son’s store.
Three of the best Tailors in Oskaloosa
are working at John Lamb’s Tailor Shop,
and are turning out more work than all
the tailors in the country at present.—
Gents come in and leave your orders. 15
FURS
for children very cheap at Jefferies Son’s
store.
QUEENS WARE GLASSWARE.
Just arrived from England and Pittsburg
the latest styles and largest assortment of
Queenswaie and Glassware ever brought
to Oskaloosa. Come and see.
8. J. Dutton Co.
BUCK FUR
Gloves, Silk and Knit Hoods, at bottom
prices, at Jefferies Son’s.
TOYS 1 TOYS 1!
The finest lot of Holiday Presents in town
at W. E. Vernon’s Steam Bakery.
Casters, new styles at S. J. Dutton Co’s
English Stone China, painted and gold
band Chamber sets at
Howard A Ayres.
Salt Lake Peaches at S. J. Dutton Co’s
A CARD TO OUR CUSTOMERS.
To you we are very thankful lor the fa
vors you have shown us in the past. But
now harvest is over, and the time for set
ting up is at hand, we would be very much
obliged to have you settle up your account,
as we are greatly in need of money to
meet our demands.
Yours truly,
S. J. Dutton Co.
FURS!
FURS!
FURS!
FURS
FURS
FURS!
FURS
FURS
FURS!
We have just pened a large In
voice of Ladies’ Furs, tbe most suitable ai
ticic for a Christmas Present. We »u%r
--tt-e our pi ices to be lower than any other
bouse can sell them. Come and see.
S. BALDAUF CO.,
West eide Square.
We have still a few BOOTS AND
SHOES left, to be sold at first Cost. Those
wishing Bargains in tbe above line, should
call soon at
S. Bauldauf Co.,
West Side Square.
One hundred thousand dozen eggs want
ed in the next thirty days, for which the
highest market price will be paid in cash.
3-4 Mattison Bro.
JUST ARRIVED.
Mr. Henry Lich one of the best Cutters
and Tailors’ engaged by
Morris L. Levi.
REMEMBER
that you can buy Boots and Shoes at actual
cost at S. Baldauf A Co’s., west side ot pub
lic square.
BARGAIN!
BARGAIN!! BARGAIN!!!
I will sell a few bead of Devon cattle
very fine bred—2 common milk cows, and
a dwelling house and two lots. Also 40
acres of coal land. Terms easy.
W. S. Edgar.
YOU CAN SAVE
at least one dollar on a pair of boots, aDd
from 75cts to SI.OO on shoes, by buying of
Baldauf Co. They sell at cost.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale prices at
Baldauf Co’s. They are goiDg to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
Boots and Shoes at wholesale prices at
Baldauf Co’s. They are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
CO., OSKALOOSA, j'OWA.
•8 I I
W C m
fc 2 5 o
a 53
o’ C ja
Q ET a. -i
£_ 3
S 2 S’ o
S 3 2. 1»
_S“ o a
z rr s
Sr S- g
so =r 2.
fc a 3" s
O o" cr jw
s sl° 8 s
t- o _ O
ft* °8 K.
(v _ t- 1 a
o a 2
qooa 3 a
5° 8 y
SGNgm J HGO OX HV3LC M3K Ad
ELEVATOR! ELEVATOR!
Having ju9t completed the largest and
best Elevator on the line of the Central R.
R. at New Sharon, we are now prepared
to handle all kinds of Grain at that poirt,
for which we will pay the highest cash
price.
49 Faxon Tullis.
LOCATED.
The South Western Grocery is now in
full blast, and R. P. Bacon is“Pyletng”out
to the dear people an entire new and
Fresh Stock of Staple and Fancy Grocer
ies. Call and see bow it is done, at the
south-west corner of the Public Square.
N. B. Fresh Goods arriving daily. 36tf
We are determined to quit the BOOT
AND SHOE branch of our Business, and
will give large Bargains.
8. Baldauf Co.
We9t Side Square.
OVERSTOCKED.
The undersigned, living be'.ween Oska
loosa and the depot on D. V. R. R., having
nearly three hundred colonies of Hybrid
and pure Italian Bees, and short on a sup
ply of horses, in consequence of late sales,
now proposes to exchange a part of his
bees for horses. Also has thorough bred
Devon cattle for sale.
lOtf Sam’l Ingelb.
Boots and Shoes at Wholesale prices at
Baldauf Co’s. They are going to quit
the boot and shoe trade.
Morris L. Levi is sending from New
York daily the latest and most fashionable
styles of Beavers, Broad Cloths, Cassimeres,
Tricos and Diagonals, to be made to order
and warranted to fit. In his merchant tail
oring establishment.
Oskaloosa Sept. 1871
A full stock of
CHOICE GROCERIES
always on hand at the lowest prices at
Howard Ayres’
A choice stock of
CANNED. AND OTHER FRUITS
for Holidays at Howard A Ayres’
12
REMEMBER
that you can buy Boots and Shoes at actual
cost atS. Baldauf A Co’s., west side of pub
lic square.
You can get Ist quality of goods at low
prices at Howard A Ayres’
CHINA TEA SETS,
Plain and gold band. An assortment of
different patterns, to be found only at.
Howard A Ayres’
A large assortment of China and Bohe
mian Goods for
HOLIDAY GIFTS,
for sale low at Howard A Ayres’
The largest assortment and greatest va
riety in Crockery and Glassware at the
lowest prices, can be found at
Howard A Ayres’
Silver plated tea sets, goblets, spoons,
knires and forks. Cutlery the
LARGEST ASSORTMENT
in town, and a large variety of goods in
this line at very low prices, at
Howard A Ayres’
You can
SAVE MONEY
by buyißg your goods at
Howabd Atm*
My superior workmen can please in
style and fit the most plainly dressed
Friend or the most fastidious City Gent.
Morris L. Levi.
All persons having ttrain to dispose of
will make money by taking it to
Mattison A Bro’s.
Don’t buy any Clothing till>ou examine
the Mammoth stock now arriving at
Morris L. Levi’s.
Pure Whiskies and California Wink
for medical purposes kept constantly on
band at Brrchler Bros, cast side of
square. Also cigars and tobaccos. 50tf
All kind of Heady Made Clothing New
from the Eastern Manufactories daily ar
riving now at
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ST. LOUIS BRANCH BOSTON TYPE
FOUNDRY. f
Some months since we announced through
these columns that the Boston Type Foundry had
established a branch at St. Louis, with Mr. J. A.
St Jobh as manager. This new enterprise we
have seen spoken of in the highest terms by all
who have bad dealing with it. and we now have
before us a specimen of the type therefrom, which
for durability, toughness of body and beauty ot
finish, is not easily excelled. _ Furnishing good,
hard type, not given to brlttle'ness, wo think Mr.
St John will receive many orders from this sec
tion of lowa. We advise printers about purchas
ing, to send lor specimens of his type, and thus
judge for themselves.— Otkaloota Retold.
THE WORLDS INTERNAL REMEDY.
JOHNSON’S
BHEUMATIC COMPOUND
AND
BLOOD PURIFIER.
Quick in its Action—Sure in i lt Cure.
This medicine is the prescription of a world re
nowned French Physician, who used it in hie ex*
tensive practice many years before offering it to
thu public in its present form, but finally becom
ing convinced of its great curative properties,
and desiring to profit those suffering from this
terrible disease, consented to have it put up in
bottles and sold at the low price of ONE DOL
LAk. It necessary, we might offer the certificates
of thousands who have been cured by it, but the
best recommendation we can give it is, a trial o*
one, two or three bottles, which will certainly re
lieve the most difficult case. Try it and be con
vinced. We have advertised this medicine foi
sale by Geo. C. Goodwin A Co., of Boston A
cure or the money refunded, and oat of near 50d
bottles sold at retail, tlu-y have had but 8 bottles
returned.
Th« ’’lmperial Cough Syrup" contain* no spirit
ou# ingredient whatever, «nd may bersed in a'l
rases not rtqairioi' active medical ireatuient.-
Tbc Imperial Cough Syrup has been u*ed for thi
last thirty year#. Prepared by it E. Sellers <fc I'o
Wliol*>aleDrugg!sls. Fill*burgh. Pa and eoid
by all Druggists everywhere.
For aale by ail Wholesale Druggists iu Chicago.
A CARD.
Since the publication of iny advertisement last
week, unexpectedly to me. 1 have been invited to
take the Chair of Mathematics in Oskaloosa Col
lege, and have consented to accept. I hope any
who may have intended to be students in my
school, will be satisfied with the present arrange
meut. With the improved and increased faciii
ties that the College will afford next year, I can
most heartily recommend all, ana especially my
former students, tocome. We shall be able to
furnish boarding to some 76students at club rates
about $1.90 per week. The apparatus and other
facilities of the institution will be much enlarged
and improved. For particulars apply for Cala
logue. I shall aid Professors Carpenter and Uil
son in conducting the Normal Class now in see
sion in the College. A. HULL.
n46tf
AGAJJ^
S. C. PURDL
SOUTH-EAST COR. SdUARE.
Having purchased the Grocery Store of
WhetstoDe Bros., I am again prepared to
supply all my old customers, and a 9 many
Dew ones as I can get, with anything they
desire in the Grocery line. I keep on
hand a full stock of
S F
I A
p and N
L C
GROCERIES,
STONE,
WOODEN WILLOW WARE
Choice Teaa, Coffees Syrups,
PURE GROUND Ac WHOLE SPICKS,
CANNED FRUITS, EXTRACTS, BAK
ING POWDERS,
Smoking and Chewing Tobac
cos of the best brands,
All of which I will sell at lowest living
prices for
CASH, OR PRODUCE ONLY.
Highest Market Price paid for all
kinds ot Country Produce. Give
me a call and see what I can do for
you.
n!5 S. C. PURDY.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
Notice ia hereby given that there now on file
in the office of the clerk of the Circuit coart of
Mahaska county, lowa, the application of G. L.
Whitaker for a permit to sell intoxicating liquors
in accordance with law, and the same haa been
set for hearing on the let day of January, 1872,
and license granted unless good canae he ahown
why it should not.
C. P. Ssablx, Clerk.
NOTICE.
State of lowa,
Mahaska Cocnty. f
To Luciuda Jones.
Yon are hereby notified that
on or before the Ist day of February, 1572, there
will be on file in the office of the Clerk of tha
District Court, in and for Mahaska county, lowa,
a petition of John Jones, claiming of you a mod
ification of a certain decree and judgment render
ed by said court at the February term thereof ia
the year 1871, iu a cause wherein said John Jones
was plaint.fi', and you were defendant and task
unless you appear and answer or defend thereto,
before noon of the second day of said Conrt, to
be commenced ou the Third Monday of February,
A. D. 187$, a judgment will be rendered agsinat
you, aud said decree will be modified as prayed for
in said petition.
W. W. HASKELL, 1
and v Attya for Pltff.
LAFFERTY A JOHNSON,
pKOBATE NOTICE.
Iu matters of the Estate of S. D. Roberta, dee d.
Notice is hereby given that there ia now on
file in the office oT the Clerk of the Circuit Court
of Mahaska County, lowa, the final settlement of
H. W. Johnson, administrator of the estate of
said S. 1). Roberts, deceased, and petition for
discharge as such administrator, and the aame is
set for hearing on the 6tb day ol January, 1872,
and settlement approved and prayer of petitioner
granted, unless good cause be ahown why it
should not.
C- P. SEARLE, Clerk.
pROBATE NOTICE.
Iu matters of the Estate of John W. Davit, dac'd.
Notice ia hereby givea that there la now on
file in tho office of the Clerk of the Circuit Conrt
of Mahaska couuty, lowa, the final settlement
aud petition for discharge of Ueo. W. Deaver,
administrator of the estate or the said John W.
Davis, deceased, and the tame ia set down for
hearing on the fith day of the January term, 1(72,
to be begun and held on the Ist day of Jannary,
next, ana the final settlement approved and ad
ministrator discharged, unless good cause he
ahown why it should not.
C P Sbabu, Clerk.
NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that there is en file la
the office ef the Clerk of the Circuit Court, ia
and for Mahaska county, lowa, the petition of
Jease Lafollett, for a license to sell intoxicating
liquors in accordance with law, and said canae has
been aet fer hearing on the lat Monday, January
I, 1872, and the prayer of the petitioner granted,
unless good cauao be ahown why it should not.
1& C. P. SEARLE, Clerk,
T" 1 n ii
>TICE.
’Notice is hereby given that there ia now on
file in the office of the Clerk of the Circuit Conrt
of Mahaska county, lowa, the application of W.
W. Layman, for a permit to sell intoxicating liq
uora in accordance with law. The aame has been
aet for hearing on the Ist Monday, lat day of Jan
nary, 1872, and the prayer of the applicant granted
unless good cause be shown why It should not be.
C. P. SEARLE, Clerk.
JjISTRAY MARE COLT.
Taken np by Lydis Sweem, at her residence
In BellefonUine, Scott’lp, Mahaska connty, la,
on the 80th day of November, 1871, a dark mare
colt, two yeara old, left hind foot white, no other
marks or brands, and appraiasd at S4O, before T.
Smith, J. F.
JjJSTRAY STEER.
Taken up by Wm. Clarkson at hia farm la Mon
roe Tp, Mahaska county, lowa, on tho Bth day of
December, 1871, one amall red steer, supposed to
be one year old; some white under the belly; end
ef bush of the tail white. No marks or brands.
Appraiaed at sll before D. Clammer.
V. P. SEARLE, Clark.
COW AND HEIFERS.
Taken np by L G Rngglea at hia residence la
Adame Tp, Mahaska county, lowa, one bine cow
with left bom drooped, supposed to b# ten years
old appraised at S2O. One white yearling heifer
with red en her neck, ears red, no ear marks
appraised at sls. -One heifer, speckled red and
white, with red neck, no ear marks appraised at
sll, before E A Harbour, J P. a
C. t, MERLE, Clerk.
FOR SALE, WANTED, LOST, Ac.
A GOOD COAL HEATING STOVE for sale.
Enquire at Howard A Atris.
"TITANTED.—Two thousand posts for a coal
*v Rank. Enquire of JOHN BURDESS. lfi
TJIOR SALE.—A house, nearly new, with font
r good rooms, and lot, West end or Main street,
f4OO 00cash. WM. HUNT,
FOR RENT.—A desirable house and lot to r«nl
in north-east part of town. For particular*
enquire of H. L. Spencer at wholesale grocery.
FARM FOR SALE Consist ng of 46 scree,
one mile east ofOskaloosa. Two etory frame
house with 8 rooms, Cellar, well, cistern and oth
*r convenience.; good frame barn and corn-cribs.
Buildings all new. For terras apply on the prem
lo S tf. McCCNE.
F°£?,? N ,T BUSINESSU OttSK AND RESI
DENCL-1 he property lately occupied by
herald Office to rent; aUo plvtßADt residence
in east part of town, with 6 rooms, stable, Ac
Enquire of GEO. W. LAFFERTY. I3wi
Morris L. Levi.
TjMJR SALK.—We will sell a brick house and
1; two lots within two blocks of Square, In gooc
locality, cheap desire to be nearer place oflabpr
the cause of sale. House has tour rooms, good
cellar, well, etc.
POR SALE.—A house and two lots in the south-
P east part of the city, within four blocks of the
Square. Will be sold at a bargain and on long
time. Inquire at the National State Bank.
FARM FOR SALE. —I offer for sale very low
my farm, consisting of 164)4 acres, lying in the
north edge of Harrison Tp., three miles from Os
kaloosa, on the Kddvville road. Good story and
a half frame house, five rooms below, good cellar,
good frame barn, 30x48, well finished. Goon
orchard in bearing, good well, etc. For terms
apply on the premises to
2*ly JOSEPH CARPENTER.
The first term of the tenth session ef this Insti
tution opened Sept. 13. with unusually favorable
auspices, under the following able corps oflu
stractors
•P M Bruner, A. M., Prea.; G. T. Carpenter, A.
■•i Pwt Eng. Literature and Nat. History A.
Hull, A. M., Prof. Ancient Languages N. l)nn
shee, A. M.. Prof, of Mathematics J. L. Pinker
ton, AM., Prof, or Nat. Science M. P. Given#
Prin. Com. D. P. and teacher of Vocal Music T
B. White, teacher of Telegraphing B. W. John
son. A. M„ Lecturer on Christian Evidences and
Hermaneutice.
The ability of the above named Faculty, except
two is too well known to need special mention.
Profs. Duushow uud Pinkerton have korh had large
experience and eminent success in Eastern Coll*
ges, and have been chosen becans of tbeeir ta.
perjor qualifications for their respective chairs.
The College bnildiug has been thoroughly
renovated and refitted, rbe Apparatus has been
largely increased, the c’abinc-i and Library classi
fied iu short, the «hoie InerPnUon reorganized
and readjusted so thet it now affords superior
facilities.
CLUB BOARDING.
Among the new.-,nd attractive features ot tt«s
Sc hool ie the Boarding dob (ir furuisliiug cheao
boarding. A commodious. neat dining hai! bsi
been fitted up iu the Coiiegj building and dormi
tories Tor about fort v students, fitted up In and
near Hie College building. Mrs. M. Chatterton,
for many years Matron of the Orphans' Home.
Davenport, has been fortunately obtained to pre
side over this department. This alone is a guar
an tee ol its success, and that it witl be a pleasant
home. Students desiring to avail themselves of
th« benefits of this club, *lll pay about forty cts.
fier week for room and furniture rent, if they room
n the building, and will have table board furnish
ed at actual cost, about fl 50 per week. Every
thing is furnished except bedding and lights,
which each student is expected to furnish fo
himself. Those roomlug elsewhere can have
table board in the club, the members of which
will, to a great extent, regulate tbeir own affairs.
Under this arrangement students can have good
boarding, fuel and sundries at about $1.90 per
week. For particulars or catalogue, address M.
P. Givens, Sec’y, or any member of the Faculty.
1-tf. M. P. GIVENS, Bec’y.
•Pres. Bruner will be engaged the next year i a
raising endowments, so that the Bible School
may be opened at the earliest day possible.
Gbicapand its Destruction.
A fall and complete history of Chicago, her past
present and future. With'graphic rcsnes. Inci
dents and full details of the disaster, by Geo. P.
Upton and J. W. Sheanan. editors of the Chicago
Tribune. With over 400 PACKS, and 00 Illustra
tions. It is now ready for delivery.
Agents Wanted .fsS&SfUKS:
ritory. Union Publishing Co.,
Chicag-*. 1115.,0r Phils.. Pa.
CUNDURANGO
BLISS, KEENE A CO*» Fluid Extrael,
The Wonderful remedy Tor
CANCER, SYPHILIS, SCROFULA, UL
CERS, SALT KHEUin, and ALL OTH
ER CHRONIC BLOOD DISEASES.
Is prepared from the genuine Cundurantgn
Bark, from Laja, Ecuador, secured by the assis
tance of the authorities of that country. It is tfca
mo«t efactive. prompt and certain alterative and
BLOOD PURIFIER, known. Sold by all drug
in vlnt bottles, having on them our name, trade
mark and directions. Send for circular. Office
and Labratory, No. 60. Cedar St., N. Y.
50th YEART
Nm Y. Observer.
(3 00 per Annum, including Year Book for IS7S.
SIDNEY E. MORSE, Jr., A Co.,
37 Park Row, New York.
SAMPLE COPIES FREE.
Will M. Carleton,
H Author of
etsey and I are out,”
Kd its and writes for
The Detroit Weekly Tribune,
The best Family Newspaper in the Country.—
•3 a year. Bend for specimen cop# and clah
circular. Address, TUB TRIBUNE.
Detroit, llich.
UNIVERSALISM.
Send for free sample copy of the Christian
Leader, a first class weekly Journal, jtublishsi
by the New York State Convention of Universal
lsts, and containing the sermons of Dr. K. A.
CHAFIN. Terms, f 2.50 a year. Address, Pub
lisher Christian Loader, lass Broadway,
New York City.
C. P. SEARLE, Clerk.
EDL CATIONAL.
OSKALOOSA COLLEGE.
NEW ADVERTISEMEMTS.
IIVKIIONK HI NDRE D PAliti*.
Printed in Two Colors, on sap erb tinted paper.
Four Hundred Engravings of Flower*,
Plante and Vegetables, with descriptions,
and
TWO COLORED PLATES,
Directions and plana lor making Walks Lawns.
Gardens, &c. The handsomest and beat Florjhi
Guide in the world. All for Ten Cents, ‘te
those who think of buying aeeds. Not a quarter
the cost. 200,000 sold of IS7I.
Address, JTAIHEB VICK,
Rochester, H. I.
AGENTS WANTED rr
PARABLES
Of the Blew Testament. Practically Un
folded. Tha most elegant book out; profusely
illustrated with the finest fall pap* steel sngaav
ings. Agents report wouderfuT success. Band
for circulars and extra terms to Amenta. Addrdae
F. A. HUTCHINSON 4k CO\ 008 North Sixths».,
St. Lonis, Mo.
WE AWAKE
French Oil Chroraos-subjects LIVE SlTE,—ex
quisite fac-similet of original OU Paintings,
UIVKS A WA Kto every subsetiber to
jawmimr
EEWSPAPER. Agents having great sncceM-
One took 1,000 names in S months; another 4T2 la
35 days snother IJB in one week one 47 la one
day. and many others equally as weU, making
from $5 and $lO to S4O per day. Takes oa sight 1
An old agent who knowa. aay# ’*l thlhk It the
best business frit can.assess ever offered. Sony
I did not engage sooner.” Pay* better than any
book agency. A rare cnance to make money.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED.
Intelligeut men and women wanted everywhere.
If you wautgood territory, tend early for circular
and terms J. B. FO’.iD A CO., 27 Park Place.
New York 11 Bloomfield St-. Boston Mass 2M
West Madison St., Chicago, Illinois.
lUPIfITY q hoThehold hagazim*
W UUD O ia offered free daring the com
year to every aubsertber of Merry a Museum, thf
Toledo Btade.Jfomeroy’s Democrat^, tc.. Which
is an evidence ot its worth aud popularity,
Hojrac<eGreelejr, James Parton^ Theodore Tilton^
flaTl Hamilton, etc write lor every number.
three ffrst-claae periodical#
for the price of one of them. A variety of premi
urns on equally liberal terms. It is an
first-class magazine. Yoluus X begin# with
Ssf/BT Three specimen copies free. Addrsea
S. 8. T.
Peters' lislcal lutlly!
The Dec. No., price 80c., ba# 12 pieces of Vocal
and Instrumental Piano Music, worth $4 la sheet
form. We will mail two back Noe. for 00 cents,
four for 90c., or Jau. to Dec. ’ll, for $2.20, (rega*
larpriees3.) Bound copies for 1871, gilt aide#
and edgas, $5, Vhe mulcts by Hays. Tboasat,
Kinkel, Gounod, etc. Address J. L. PETERS,
5W Broadway, N- Y. P. O. Box 04W.
A compound of Cocoa-nut Oil, ifc. AckU'-v
edged the Lett promoter of the oreectM aid rvcvfy
o/tK* hair. JOS. B7XNZ7T hW„ ltovtim. Mas-.
Sold by all druggists. Uetcare uf imiiutio,
♦4.9 K A MONTH. Horse had earring# furnished.
Expenses paid. H. Shaw. Allred. Me.
AVOID QUACKS.-A Victim #t early India
cretion, causing nervous debility, prema
ture decay, etc., having tried in vala every ad
vertised remedy, haa dlscavered a simple means
of aelf cure, which he will sead to kU fallow ttd
ferera. Address J H REEVES, 7* Masses St N* Y,
THIRTY YEARS’ KXPIBIUCI
m the treatment of
Chronic and Sexual Diseases,
A PHYSIOLOGICAL VIEW Off MARRIAGE.
The cheapest beok ever published, »-«-|yg
nearly 300 pages, and 130 fine plates and engrav
ing of the anatomy of the homes organs la a stab#
of health and disease, with a treatise sari/ er
rors, iu deplorable consequences upa# the mlsd
and body, with the author# plan ef trwelmeet—
the only rational and successful mods of care, a#
shown by a report of cases treated. A truthful
adviser to the married sad those cout-maUHag
marriage, who entertain doable of their physical
condition. Sent free ef postage to aay ad
dress, en receipt of twenty -five cent# ia stamps at
posUl currency, by addressing Dm. LA CROIX
No. Si, Maiden Lane, Albany, N. Y, The author
may be consulted upon any of the disease# upon
which this book treats, either personally or by
mail, had ae«lci»«# ml u/ nittf world.
i