THE RUTLAND WEEKLY HERALD. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1871.
THE RUTLAND HERALD
WEDNE3DAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1871
The Ku Kltix Ilevelatlons.
The people of the North, accustomed
to the normal movement of a peaceful in
dnstrial clvilizuion, are beginning to
awake ham thoir qaiet dreams tinder the
revelations made by the investigation of
the Congressional Committee on th
Southern Ku Klux. We have all cher
ished the hope that not only the organ
izad movement, but also the interna
armies of the rebellion had been over
powered. From this supposition events
are rapidly awakening us, we have not
only the revelation of the bold facts of
the Ku Klox organization in its scope
and audacity, bnt we have also the same
determined falsification of those facts by
tho pro's and public men of the demo
cratio party which covered the secession
movement of 1SG1. This, up to the in
vestigation, availed much in narcotizing
the public conscienca and in disarming
a wholesome publio apprehension.
We sympathiza with the loyal men of
tha South whose property has been assail
ed by the renascent rebellion. Very few
in the loyal states are prepared to appre
ciate the suffering, or to comprehend the
horrors of the situation in which they
have been placed. Aocepting the out
breaks of rebel feeling as the irrepressi-
blo utterance of confirmed and malignant
disloyalty, all will feel some satisfaction
in its percipitate explosion. There are
tokens of a healthier sentiment in the
border states. The recent revelations are
damaging facts, but the democratio party
persistently denies and ignores them
The strugglo going on in the South
h between crozressive civilization and
reactionary barbarism. Civilization em
br.cing a broader bisis oi' fundamental
truth, is now seeking to carry out the
freo principles of the American constitu
tion by tho establishment of a universal
tqulity of all men before tho law
Against this consummation tho minions of
exploded oaste, after gnashing their teeth
in inveterate rago ever since tho failure
dfUhoir rebellion, finally banded t hem-
selves xogeinor into uinuauju KuuBa oi
midnight assassins, to drive all loyal men
out of their country. The dissensions
among republican leaders have at times
seemed to present to this volcanic agita
tion an opportunity for a new eruption.
The true stato of the case has now been
rovoaled to the American people through
tho constituted organs of the government,
and we cannot beliove that with tho ter
rible example of the past ten years be
fore them, tho people will permit this
strife of arrogance and massacre of loyal
citizons to longer continue. The peoplo
should give honor to the able committee
for their labors and revelations, which
has spurred on the constituted authorities
to the legal and military protection of
the southern people.
Tub Episcopal Convention. The
triennial convention has taken what is
practically a middle courso on the crucial
qnextion of Ritualism. Tho pastoral let
ter of tho Bishops, road in open session on
Thursday last, fairly states thi policy.
While at the outset it makes'a feint of
valiantly grappling with rituali.tic prac
tices nnd the doctrines they are intended j
to exprers, it soon wanders into the rhtt
oric of compromise and conciliation. The
only thing it attacks with vigor is mariol
atry, prbib!y because the intercession of
the Virgin and the saints is held only by
the smallest minority of the followers of
Pucey. "The baro suggestion of such a
dVvtriio," sijs the bishops, "is an indig
nity to ihe one only Mediator and Iuter
csor," etc. The practice of auriculr
conf. ssion is also strongly condemned, a'
thoiih private confession in cases of ex
ceptional guilt is commended. But that
part of the letter which deals with "high
views" alout transubstantiation is fr
morn ur.certaiu in tone. For instance,
wbut can be more conciliatory than thin
pasjge
To iirgn that the spiritu-il presence of
our dear Lord in the holy communion c f
the nurture of tho f .ithful is such a pres-Pi-.ce
a allows worohip to Him thus and
there present in, to say the very leant, to
bie hov that which is written in
OidV Holy Word. For the objects of
thin holy (increment, as therein revealed,
ure first, the roemoiitil before God of the
oufl sacrifire for sins forever; and second
ly, the strengthening and refreshing of
i be conls of the faithful. Moreover, no
ne on fail to see that it is impossible for
the common mind to draw the lina be
tween the worship of such an nndtfined
Kiid (mysteri- u presence and the awful
error of adoring the elements themselves.
A Catholic Utterance. Rev
Father Hugh Flpttery, of New York,
sy
I do not confidtr it competent to me
or any other huimn being to probe the
depths of the beneficent Providence be
neath whose omniscient power sucn tem
poral calamities never have failed and
nhall never fail to witness to man's prim
eval guilt as the wages of sin. But even
if it were given to me to tell why Pari
and Chicago have been thus suddenly
swept away while other vast emporium",
higher iu the statistical rcaln of crime,
have been suffered to survive, I beg to sy
that the nngrncious and unchristian office
of adding fuel to a ruinous conflagration,
insult to misfortune or taunting satire to
fallen greatness is on in which I have
v-t to gradutte. 'JLiud ignara mail
iniaerw succuirere disco.'
Some of the Sodom and Gomorrah
Protestant clergymen would do well to
ponder this sensible paragraph before
they fulminate sgain from the pulpit or.
the judgements of God in the Cbicgo
fire.
Advance in Coffee. The recent
rise in tho price cf cc ffee is attracting
considerable attention in mercantile cir
cles as well as among heusekeepers, who
are now compelled to pay from five to six
cents more per pound than was asked a
few weeks ago. This sudden rise is ow
ing to a short crop in Java, Ceylon and
Brazil, the principal ceffee producing
countiies. The estimated deficit is 100,
000 tons.
Bonds and Gold. The Secretary of
the Treasury has authorized the Assist
ant Treasurer atNew York to purchase
cne million of bonds on each Wednesday
in the month of November, or five mil
lions in al', and to sell one million of coin
on the flret, third acd fifth Thnrsdayp,
and two millions e u h on the second and
fourth Thursdays, or sevea millions in
alL
Great Age. Mr. Elward BeetLam,
of Chester, Me., died last week at the
great age of one hundred and three years,
having been born in J une, 17C8. The
funeral eermon was preached by Elder
Go wen, of Enfield, who Las attained the
ftdraneed pge of ninety-six years.
From the Cincinnati Commercial.!
The Poetry of ibe Fire.
What thb Poets tbisk of the Bcbned sb
BcBuma Cixx of Chicago,
THE SMITTEN CITY.
BT GEORGE AXFBED TOWNSEND.
I heard a parson of the school of Balaam
Lift up the lesson of the flaming town.
And. like a peddler in the will of Heaven,
Show how its sins invoked the Sovereign frown.
Thus the dead lion ever is insulted
By asses' colts, whose pity is a blow,
And fallen empires find their last misfortune
In shallow platitudes from fool to foe.
Bright, Christian chapel of likes and prairie,
Heaven had no interest in thy scourge and
scath
Thou wert the newest shrine of our religion,
The youngest witness of our hope and faith.
Not in thy embers do we rake for folly,
But like a martyr's ashes gather thee,
With chastened pride and tender melancholy,
The miracle thou wast, and yet will be
Not merely in the homages of churches,
Or bells of praise tolled o'er the inland seas,
Thou glorified our God and human nature
With meeter works and grander melodies,
Of cheerful toil and willing enterprises,
Of hearty faith in freedom and in man
The hoar old capitals looked on in wonder
To see the swift, strong race this stripling ran,
How like the sun he rose above the marshes,
And built the world beneath his airy feet,
And changed the course of immemorial river?,
And tapped the lakes for waters pure and
sweet.
How skillfully the golden grain tranf-muted
To birds of sail and meteors of spark,
And, like another Noah, bade creation
March in the teeming masses of his ark.
Yet in his power, most frank and democratic,
He roused no envious witness of his joy
And in the stature of the Prince and hero,
We saw the laughing dimples of a boy.
Still wi3C and apt among the oldest merchants,
His young example steered the wary mart,
And amplest credit poured its gold around him,
And trade imperial gave icope for art.
His architectures passed all heathen splendor,
The immigrating Goth drew wondering near
To St e his shafts and arches till and slender,
Branch o'er the new homes of this pioneer.
The Greek and Roman there might see rcbuilded,
In vastocss equal and in style as pure,
Thgnerchauta' markets like a palace gilded,
With marble hal'a and deep entablature.
His two score bridges swinging on their pivot,
The long and laden line of vessels sped,
While he, impatient, marched beneath the
sluices
His host?, like Cyrus, on the river bed.
Then, when all weak predictions proved but
scandal,
And the wild marshes grew a sovereign's home,
A dozing cow o'erset an urchin's candle,
Once more a fool fcal fired the Ephesdan dome
The artless winds that blew o'er plains of cattle,
And cooled the corn through all the Summer
days,
I'luuged like wild steeds in pastime or in battle,
Straight in the b'.inding brightness of the blaze,
And down fe'l bridge, atd parapet, and lintel,
The blazing barks went drifting, one by one,
The mighty city wrapped its head in splendor,
And sank into the waters like a sun
Oh thou, my master, champion of the people,
Tribune, august, who e'er kept righteous court,
Long after flra had toppled church and steeple,
Thou sstoodat among tho ruins like a fort.
High and serene thy cornices extended,
Though scorched by smoke and of the flame the
prey,
Above the vault where, grim an! calm, and
splendid,
The sleeping lions of thy preEes lay.
Till lookirg round thee in the wondrous piy,
Thyself alone erect, intact, uireared,
Disdaining to outlive the glorious city,
With innate heat transfigured, diapp;areJ.
et, from the gTave Chicago's wondrous spirit
Comes forth all brightness, o'tr the darkened
town,
To say again "Lo I am with you, brethren
With a my thoixs, I wear my civic crown.
"To die is ewe t mbalmed in jour compa? si' n,
Your oil and wine make life in every rent.
Oh let me lean a little while upon you,
And walk to strength in your encourr g-men.
Cincinnati, Oct. 13, 1871.
Anecdotes of Public ITIt-ii.
BY COL. J W. KOKNL.Y.
Steim is your real revolutiouirt. It
has alterel the phvsical geography cf the
c ivilized world. It has bridged the seas,
partially annihilated spice and time,
opened new highways into and redeemed
the wilderues", neighbored fr di-tant
States, converted old pities iuto new ones,
changed deserted villages into thriving
towns, levelled the forts', crossed chasms
and connected mountains and elevited
r-killed ltbor into a science. Immagina
tion is baffled by its present and vainly
attempts to anticipate its future triumphs.
I3ut in nothing has steam so transformed
the face of the country and the hati's of
'be people as in the t-ubstitution of rail
roads for turni ikes. While I was pre
paring my last sketch, in which I recalled
he genial Z nos B irnnm of Baltimore, to
the thc.us.Hnds who koew him in bygone
da s, the famous hotel and innkeepers of
ihe past rose before me, with the stage
coach, the Cotieoga wagon, and the
noient system of land transportation.
Where are they now In my young
manhood their decay had begun, but it
inquires no strong ffort to revive the
'ong train of canvass covered wagons
passing through my native town on their
vay to and from Pittsburg and Philadel-jbi-i,
cirrying the produce of the West
a exchange for the mereband;s of the
(last, with their bale rough drivers and
heir long leather whips, the coronal of
hells on their horsf s, and thtir stoppage
it the old taverns for food and water.
They were to the more osteotious. stge
'oach what the baggage trio is to the
lightning express of the present dny.
And when these coaches dashed iuo
Tiancaster, and rushed down fie streets,
the driver winding a merry air on his
(iorn, accompanied' by the crack of h;s
ong whip, women, children and dos
tushed out to meet the fme.toric chariot,
s it drew up with its foaming s'eeds a
Haymaker's old bottl, ou E st King
treet and began to throw effthe mail-.,
vhile the passengers alighted, thirsty,
hungry and covered with dust. It was
'he event of the dny. Rjpeated at every
pther station and at every other town,
U was one of a thonattnd similar pictnres
in other Stati s and countries Old Eng
land's greht highways were mide jocund
with post eoiches, fast horses., daring dri
vers, uniformed ginrds, and jolly passen
gers. It was a fivrite amusemtnt for
the nobility to mount the box and hold
the reins with four or six in hand, and to
course along the level roads, excelling in
feats of daring driversbip. They were as
ambitious to lead in this sort of exercise
as their descendants are in b lat and fool
races, in pugilistic encounters and general
gymnastics. Of these scenes thi central
figure was always the innkeeper who did
not held it beneath bis dignity to stand in
his doorway, engirthedin his white Rpron
to welcome the coming aid speed the part
ing guests. That class is nearly extinct,
though happily not forgotten. The old
fashioned publicin aspired to be a gentle
man, and was generally the associate of
gentlemen a connoisseur of wines, a
judge ef horseflesh, a "critical caterer, and
in politics so unexceptionally neutral,
that, when the probable votes of a town
were estimated, it was generally "so many
Whigs, so many Democrats and so many
tavern keepers.
These Sir Roger Da Coverleys for they
were men of substance and hospitable to
the extreme have given way to a genera
tion as different as the Conestoga wagon
differs from the looomotive, tho old Btage
driver from tho car-conductor, the rail
road director from the stockholder of the
turnpike company. They are the dSei
anfiof tho totels, and like the Pontiff's
robe rarely seen and much wondered at.
Living in gorgeous private residences,
awar from the splendid palaces which
bear their names, they in fact vicariously
feed, room, and care for more human be
tags in one day than the men of the past
did in six months. One of these men was
John Guy, who may be called the hero of
three cities known alike in Philadelphia,
Baltimore, and Washington, though bet
ter appreciated in Baltimore. Born in
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, I ba
lieve he was the founder of a family of
unrivelled hotel keepers. He f-till
lives in Guy's, on Seventh street, Phila
delpbia, now in course of rehabilitation
and soon to expand into an ostentatious
establishment on the Jiiuropean plan, and
in the unequalled Monument House near
ly opposite Barnnm's in Baltimore. When
I think of him I think also of Dorrance
and Pope Mitchell of the United States
Hotel, of Joseph Head of the Mansion
House on Third street, of Duolap of the
City Hotel, of Hartwellof the Washing
ton House, nnd Jones of the old Jones'
Hotel, in Philadelphia; of Gadsby in
Washington, Stetson of the Astor House,
in New York, and many, miny more
There is not a State in the Union,
North or South, which could not fur
nish anecdotes of its representative
inn-keepers of their relations to public
men to Calhoun in South Carolina, to
Webster in Massachusetts, to Clay in
Kentucky, to Sergeant S. Prentiss in Mis
sissippi, to Georsre D. Prentice in Louis
ville, and to the lawyers, divines, and
orators who for half a century dominated
in those sections. If these Bonifaces
could have kept records of their experi
ence, what anecdotes they could relate of
the plants of the past, of their private
troubles, their ambitions, their contriv
ances and their caucussep, their friends
and their foes! I knew many of them,
and could relate many interesting inci
dents if I had space and time.
L'it me recall one in regard to this
same John Guy, sometimes told by my
friend Dougherty, when we can win him
to social familiarity and make him forget
professional responsibilities. Guy bore a
striking resemblance to General Lewis
Cass, and while he was proprietor of the
National Hotel, in Washington, the Mich
igan Senator was among his favored
guests. Guy dressed like Cass, and al
though not as portly, his face, including
tho wart, was strangely similar. One diy
a Western friend of the Louse came in
after a long ride, dusty and tired and
walking up to the office encountered Gen
eral Cass, who was qniotly standing there.
Mistaking him for Guy, he slapped him
on the shoulder nnd exclaimed "Well,
old fellow, here I am; tho last time 1
hung my hat up in your shanty, ono of
your clerks sent me to the fourth story
but now that I have got hold of you, I
insist upon a lower room."
Tho General, a most dignified person
age, taken aback by this startling saluto.
coldly replied: 'You have committed a
mistake, sir. 1 am not Mr. uuy I nm
General C iss of Michigan,' and angrily
turned away. Ihe Western man was
phooked at the unconscious outrage he
had committed but before be bad reoov
ered from his mortification, General Csss,
who had passed around the offiso, con
fronted him again, when a second time
mistaking him for Guv, ho fired him nnd
said 'Here you are at 1-ist. I hvo jn-t
mado a devil of a mishtte I met (.Id Cas
and took l.im for you, and I urn afraid the
Michigander has gone off mad.' Whit
General Cass would have said may well
bo imagined, if tho real Guy had not ap
proached and rescued the innocent offend
er from the twice-assailed and twice
angered statesman. Sunday CJironic'.e.
From t.ake 3Imilirem:ig:og: to (he
I alls of St. Anthony.
FIFTEEN HUNDRED MILES IN A "ONE
HOUSE SHAY.
Kev. Herman Bisbee, pistor of the Uui-
versalist church in St. Paul, Minn has
done something that nobody ever did be-
bre. He has driven a one horse carriage,
with five people in it, a distance of fifteen
hundred miles from Liake Memphrema
gog to the falls oi St. Anthony.
An uninterrupted drive from the hills
of Vermont to the head waters of tho
Mississippi was oc-rtainly rather a formid
able thing to attempt but to do it with
one horse, and tho latter to come in alive
and well, is little short of miraculous.
The reverend gentleman's objects were
two-fold. He wished, "first, to benefit
Mrs. Bishee's heal h, 1, second, to see
what he culd see." He bad made the
trip from B ston to Mississippi by rail
seventeen times before. This ha began
to find monotonous, and so cast about to
devise socae variety. The carrigp miker
was rf quested to supply a vehicle tint
would "stand rain, or rocks or swamps,
or dust, or collisions, or any conceivable
power that could be brought against it on
a j .urney to Minnesota, and yet be a cr
riae so light th-t one horse conld ensily
oirry in it a load of six hundred pounds.
To this the builder nude the not unreason
able response that it was not easy to com
bine n crowbar nnd a cambrin needl", but
that he would do his best. The best ad
miribly served h purpose, and ought to
be a first rate d vertisment for the car
riage hed out as well as horse, and the
latter, "a Morgan mare with a sprinkling
of French blond in her veins," trotted into
the streets of St. Paul, after her achieve
ment, ns if she had merely takjn a "Ayr"
from Central Park to Harlem.
Mr. Bisbee was forty-five days on th
road, and so averaged a little more than
thiry-hree miles a day. He w is re
peatedly assured by experienced drivers
that the feat he had undertaken wis an
impossibility. His horse would brek
down in less thin a fortnight; the car
riage would be smathed in less than a
week he would never even reach Chim
go. The iodomitable ddrgymWs spirit
ro-e higher, hjwever, for these c 1 tmifous
forebodings. What he had made up his
mind to do, ho would, and, like most peo
ple who really make up their minds to a
thing be succeeded. It is satisfactory to
know that not only the horse for which,
under the peculiar circumstance", we
should confess to feeling most solicitude
is alive and kicking, but that the whole
party were benefitted by their trip. The
expense, Mr. Bisbee says, proved to be
the same as by rail, an estimate, we sup-prs-",
which omits provisions. These, he
adds, were usually excellent, and he was
surprised to find so many good hotels in
obscure corners cf the country. JV Y.
Times.
A Wanderer Found Q lire
mance is contained in the following
ment of facts At the nreikinsr out
war, or soon thereafter, a youny; n.
lad, 14 years of agp, j lined a revrimo!
went into the army. Iu 1803 )i
tO-
the
m, or
t and
wac
heard from and was with his regiment.
Since then nothing had been heird from
him and be, having lost all track of his
friends, as well as they of him, neither
knew anght of each other since U. -.t time.
A few days since the advance B-nt for
a circus or traveling company vvbut to the
(ffie of a Bridgeport, Conn., hotel, and
registered hia name. The clerk asked
him if that was his name. The visitor
said "Yes." "That is my name, too," re
plied the clerk, and a very little conver
sation revealed the fact tluit they icere
brothers I On Saturday evening the lonir
mifsed lad, now a man of 24, arrived in
North Bennington to visit another
brother, Mr. S. W. Worthington, partner
in the extensive Vermont Mills Cotton
Manufactory. The wanderer bad baen
pretty well over tho worH, having been a
man-of-war-man, and in various other
positions daring these last ten year?.
Bennington Banner.
At a baptismal ceremony in Tex, a
negro while being subinered shouted
'Hooray for Degener
Trojan damsels organize "flannel recep
tions," where they sew one hour for the
poor, and then dance the remainder of
the evening.
A Comparison. In the darkest crisis
of the late war a lady stood by the bedside
of a soldier in irbuadelphia. Wounded,
pallid, grim and gaunt, the tears chased
each other over bis face as he gave to her
the messages of love which she was writ
ing to his wife and little ones. By de
grees she found out all about him his
aged father, his brave, womanly wife, bis
boys, and the little brown bouse in the
Green Mountains. "Don't you feel dis
couraged said she. "Don't you feel as
if all your suffering and loneliness had
been in vain Are you not going to ask
for a discharge and go home r Half rais
ing himself on his pillow, the man looked
her in the face with Bolemn eyes. 4,Up
tnero m Vermont, where J. came from.
said he, "when we begin a thing we calcu
late to finish it. I expect it'll come out
riiht yet What do you expect, soldier
of Christ Are you weary, wounded, hard
pressed in the fight with sin Do you
seem to be always on the losing side
Yet you have enlisted for life, and your
charges are paid for the war. As you
follow ycur banner, its red cross burning
upon its field of buow, think of the simple
mountaineer, who, when he began
thing, calculated to finish it.
Jim Fisk's Wealth. It is hard to gues s
how rich Jim Fisk is. Recently he ap
peared before Commissioner Osborne in
IS ew York, to offer himself as surety on
bond to be 2iven in an appeal case in ad.
miralty. On being questioned in rela
tiou to his property ho stated that he
owned an interast in the Fifth Avenue
Theatre r.nd the Grand Opera House;
was part owner in eighteen or nineteen
houses on Twenty-third and Twenty
fourth streets, and also owned other prop
erty, Amounting in the aggregate to
$IUU,UU(, while his liabilities were only
about $10,000. Further investigation
by the Commissioner showed, however,
that there nra suits pending against Fisk
to recover in tho itggregata about $700,
000. The question of Fisk's acceptance
was referred to Judge Llatchford for his
decit-ion.
LD ESTABLISHED HOSPITAL
V- No, 5, Beaver Btreet, Albany, N. Y.
DR. TELLER continues to be confidentially
and successfully consulted on all forms of private
diNeaKH.s at his old established Hospital, No. 5,
Huaver S-1., Al bitny, r Twenty years devoted
to this une particular branch of practice, enables
Kira to p.riliirru cures such as no otner puysician
can ana ilia facilities are such, (being in corres
pondence with the most celebrated physicians of
the Old Worldl of obtaining the safeet as well as
t he lat est remedies tor these diseases, oner induce
ments to the unfortunate of a quick and rapid
cure to be obtained at uu other place in America,
In syphnia, gouurrnea, gleet. str.ctured.enlarg-e-
raent of the testicles a?id spermatio cords, oubo
ulcerated throatt, sore throat, tender shin bones,
cutaneous eruptiors, biles, ulcers, and all other
impurities of the system, are perfectly under can
trol of the Doctor's uiedicinss, and have been
tested in more than 2.'),A'!0 cased aanually with
mmeiij? success
YOU NO M1'!S nMia:ited to secret habits, whe
hnv impaired thoir uenith aud destroyed the
vig.jr of their minds, thus depriving themselves of
the pleasure of married life, are notified that in
consulting Dr. J. Teller, (.hey will Cnd a friend to
cousole, and a physician who has cured thu
mmls in almost every part oi the United Htatea,
who applied to Dr. I. broken li'iwn in health,
now rejoice ia all that makes life desirable and
ta.in haj py. Tee ro.;der is oi course aware that
the delicacy of the auhjeot will prevent a more
minute des-'riptii't. of this err;ble disease.
DR. TKI.U1 n'f- OKKAT WORK. A book for
everybody, gt irtiitv disciosurta. Dr. Teller'
great woik for the tr.Arried and those contemplat
ing m.rrutj;e ;l pp.es full of plates price 25
c.'nt-. Sent to a'l parts, under seal, by mall post
paid. The sii'sde, married, and maiTied happy.
A lecture on lve, or now to ch'.;se a partner
a diiiptete ork on midwifery. It contains hun
dreds of secrets never eiore published. Wir
ranted to be worth three times the amount aeked
lor it. Twenty-five ceuti io postage stamps en
closed, will secure a copy by return mail. Dr.
Teller has devoted al) his viae Ui the cure of
those diseases Of which 1 l lreal..
MT Office hours iron. A if, f V. St., and
on Bunday from i to 5 J M.
N. B. rersous at a distance can be uuxed al j
horae. by addressing a letter to J. Teller, enclos
ing a remittance. Medicines securely packed
from observation, Bent to any part of the world.
All cases warranted. No charge for advice. Ne
students or bovs employed. Notice this ad&rea
all letters to
J. T"IXKR. M. D.,
j. Heaver bt., Alany, N. Y.
mayl7.1&--!i.
oOO
DOLLARS WILL BE
lorfelted by Lr. L. It tailing to
unre in less time than any other physician, mort
effectually and permanently, with less restraint
from ocupaTron or exposure to all weather, Witt
pure and pleasant n.edicines.
tiKLy-ABUiSls. AND SOIJTAEY HABITS,
Their ertect and consequences
SPECIAL AlLMKNTS AND SITUATION
Incident to married and aiBgle ladies
SEOliKi AND DiilJCATB DISOKDltltlS;
mercurial affections, eruptions and aU diseases oi
the skin, nicer of the nose, throat and body,
oimples on th- face., swelling of the Joint, ner
vousness, constitutional and other weaknesses it
youtti rud tlit- more advanced, at all ages, of
BOTH SKJiH.SINtiLK Oii MAii&lKD.
I
L. DIX'S
rtUVAl MEDICAL OFFICE,
il f'.miKon Hthkvx, Bosrsg, Mass.
o srtu (.rit hri! katints never hear or s-t
ect orhei. iiecuiiect, the only entrance tu hie
omce is No. il, having no connection with fci
resid-n"e, consequently no family interruption,
so thai on no count can my person hesitate
applying at his jtiice.
DH. DIJC
baldly asse.rto, iand it an not bj contradicted, e
aept by quacn.., ho w ll say or do anything, even
perjure themsee., to impose upon patients,!
that be
is th; oyw ri.'! ouijun physician
Ov KKriHiu m aosTow,
rVKSTY YKA&8
njae-. a
so -vels k'i
ocants, V
i trei-'m-:- f peoi' Piaeaaes, ftet
iwu o iiwaj cit.ir.ens, publisher, mtr-t-1
pr opr.etoro, is., that ht is rnucb
ded,anJ pa rt.cuUiiy to
8 lUA.-.'iiH.ifAMI i'HA Vil.Eiib.
Tu ..voi.'. -iiid escape impoeltior of foreign and
native jnaciis. 'aore uumeroas in Eo.iton than
other large cities,
Dtt. D1X
proudly rlec. Go uroesi u-J respectable i-hy-iciius
ma'.i o uom who consult him u criti
cal case, heca use of hie acknowledged skill nnd
repuT.ai.iit, tii s"ed through so 1 njj -irurience,
pract;et ud it.servalKti.
AKFLIOTb AM. INFUmUAAXE,
be not robbed, n i a id to y ur sutienus iu teing
dece'vei' lying txats, jntarnriresentaUona
fatiie or it;nst iid pretensions of
oRBHi AND NATIVE
who know 'it-tii- of the -iaure And chrac;ei ef
.Speoisl Uis"we, od les- as to heir e.;re. iome
oxtub" fwd diplomas of msti' ;:ioi:s .-o'Je'. S
which neve, r.nt"d tr ny j..rt .1 hi- --rlrt
other- -xb'bt" Uy oma ol One c ;i how t tuineo
unkunwn; not onlj wu uuufc t-d idvertisng
tn uames of those inertJ in the d-pinuias, but to
farther their lmp-witiorj aasun? names of othel
celebrated I 'lysse-.ans tontf sirce .".ead, KsitLex be
deceived by
QUACK HOSSrHtJW-M A ;'UH,
through falst certificates aaJ rw-r'iei, jad ,e
eommeDds'.iiin of their mediitt P t the dead
who cannot 'pose oi contradict t iet-'i; or who,
besid-, to further their imvo'i'ioiw., .0i j frer
medical books much that i -rviftpii 01 the ..juali
ties and etl' t of different h.vt s nnd pl-atu, wC
ascribe all the same to their piu. -;.-pr8,-ipaciJ
ics, C, most of which,if not -out.-:,, mercury,
because of the ancient belief oi its -'curing every
thing," but bow known to kill moie than ie
oured," and those not killed, constitutionally in.
iured for life.
(iNOiiANCB OK QUACK DOCTOSS AND
NOB TKUM-51AKERB.
Through the ignorance of the Quack Doctor,
knowing no other remedy.be rolies upon Mercury
and gives it to all his patientB in pills, drops, &c,,
so the nostrum-makei, equally ignorant, adds tc
his so-called extracts, specitlc, antidete, c, botl
relying upon its effects in curing a few in a hund,
red, it is trumpeted in various ways throughout
the land; bnt, alas! nothing ia said of the bal
ance, some of whom die, others grow worse, and
are left to linger or suffer for months or years,nn.
til relieved or cuxsd, if .possible, by competent
physicians.
BUT ALL QUACKS ARE NOT IGNORANT
Notwithstanding the foregoing facts are
known to some quack doctors and nostrum-makers,
yet, regardless of the life
and health of others, there are those among thtni
who will even perjure tkemsalves, contradicting
(fivin j mercury to their patients, or that it is cot-ta-.ned
in their nostrums, so that the "usual fee"
may be obtained for professedly curing, or "the
Jo'" -tr," r" fraction of it," m it be obtained for
the nostrum. It is thus that taany are deceived,
a'so, and uselessly spend large amounts for expei
Imeu'.R 7firy,
.o:.. L, DIS'B
at a-.- i'derate. Comc.vir 'nationi
sh leii.;t!, art.d all may rely on him
w Jtri',tst seeresy and confidence, what-
evs- -.-j the disease, condition or situation of
ny one, married or single.
Medicines sent by mail or express to all parts of
ie United States.
All letters requiring novice must contain ont
d illar to insure an answer.
Address Dr. L. Dix, No. 21 Endicott street,
Boston, Mass.
B38ton.l871. Ieb9deoavflyr.
JOS LIN'S BIG STORE
Is Crammed Full of
FALL AND WINTER GOODS,
Is the common talk in Poultney ttefe dajs
The LaSiea tay they are
SPLENDID AND CHEAP, TOO.
(September. 21st, 1871. H&yftt
KANCIS FENN CO.,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
DRUGGISTS,
Dealers in
Drugs, Medicines, Chemicals, Dye Stuffs, Patent
Aieaicines, f ancy uooas, auys ana
Pocket Cutlery.
Call and see us, No charge for showing goods.
Kememoer the place,
F. FENN CO.'S,
No. 13 Center street, Butland, Yt.
Pboyidence, K. I., Oct. 12th, 1871,
Francis Fenn Co. I have known Ken
dall's Pectoral Balsam for about ten years, and
consider it the best remedy for a conh or cold,
I have ever used. Bend me a dozen by express,
C. O. D. L. W. PALME B,
Freight Agent,
Providence Worcester R. E.
Bead this letter from the oldest Druggist in
Rutland
RtnxAND, Vt., Aug. 22, 1871.
Messrs. F. Fens Co. Gents This certi
fies that I was proprietor and sole manufactur
er of the article known as Allen's Lung Balsam,
and now known as Kendall's Pectoral Balsam.
That the medicine now manufactured by Messrs.
F. Fenn Co. iB from the original recioe, and ii
worthy of the confidence of the public. It Is com
posed wholly of gum and vegetable extracts, and
is compounded in a way to best harnnnize all the
ingredients in the best possible manner.
Truly yours, E. C. Lewis,
Drugitts and Apothecary.'
TOYS AND FANCY ARTICLES.
JL Large stock at
F. FENN CO.'3.
CONFECTIONERY.
I; Sonthmayds, at F. FENN CO.'S.
WICKES' ECLECTIC OIL.
The perfection of kerosene. Will ptand
150 Fire Test, and burn longer and give better
light, and is perfectly safe, at
F. FENN CO.'S.
POCKET CUTLERY,
At F. FENN CO.'S.
'piTE NEW STYLE
WHEELER. WILSON
IS
T II E 11 E S T
FAMILY SEWING MACHINE
IN THE WOULD.
It docs all kinds' of Sew i up, i!tm!uiii? iboth wi le
and narrow). Felting., Hindin-r, Ilriim?
(lordin:?, Gatherinir, Kutfiins;, Tuokinsj,
Qniltinp, Fa.oting, Ac. It works
equaliy well on heavy and iiiht
goods. It has the most per
fect and the most easily
managed tension.
It has the fewest pieces usyd in its const rnetion
of any Ixick Sti'ch m ichine. It runs w ith one-
half the power require 1 to run other Doe!: Stitch
Machines.
IT SEWS THE MOST KLASTIC SKAM Or
ANY LOCK STITCH MACHINE Iv
THKMAKKKT.
IT IS NEARLY XOTSKLi:sS.
C. il. HOBBY,
General Afent for Southern Vcrniot:!. oilire on
Merchants' Row, Butland, Vt. may 2d. 1
JTIICKKRINC, A SON'S'
PIANO-FORT ES.
u:k nKsr riANos at the i.o a--
E.ST I'll ICES,
And u,ion th-' mitt favo-a'i'e terim of piTtau.
We ii.v;te the attention of persons in'ending
to purchase Fianog, to our New Illustra'ei Cata
loguej giving full dewrip'i.jns of s'y'es snl prices,
and the terms on which wo se!l to th e desirirg
to make
EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
SKND FOn A CtTit'ili.lT.
CHI OKF KING SON-',
351 vVA.Hl'ttTl)' STtik-KT, Botoi
11 KAST ll'h STHEKT, New York.
oc'ord&wiw
DITSON A- C 0 8
STANDAUD OPERAS.
Ernani, Faust, Lucia, Lwrezia, Martha,
Norm., Somnambula, Traviala, Trova
tore, Marriage of Figaro, Fiielio, Fra
Diavo'o and Don Giovanni.
Handsomely printed, Huabrirtged, superior to
all other editions in tulinest, ronta uin all the
foreign and Kntrlish words, and all the music, in
cluding that of the recitative-, tf ev are jet told
for the low price of ON K DO I. LA K KACU, and
will be sent to any address, post free, for the
above price. Finely bound iu toards for f 2 10
each.
Ol.lVtK DirsON CO.
H, IHIH-'N CO., New York
mMr24.I.sat4'mon
Ko
DEE3 0EN WATCHE3, guaranteed to run
within five secinds per month.
hich pat'ert s of JEWtLHi abd SILVB
WAKE.
KT Kepairinu of all kind in the nicest man
ner, and at our usual low prices.
DARK BHOTHERS MARSHALL,
Clarks' lilo;k, Kutiand.
WHY WIJ L YOU
RUIN YOUR EYESIGHT
When you can purchase Lazarus Morris' Cel.
ebrated PERFECTED
SPECTACLES and EYE GLASSES,
THE BEST IN THE WORLD.
They are recommended for purity of material,
brilliancy of finish, and their strengthening and
preserving powers.in which they excel all others.
They last many years without change.
They can only be obtained in Kutiand, Vt., oi
Messrs. CLARK BROS, ft MARSHALL, watch
makers, jewelers and opticians, sole appointed
agents for this place.
NO PEDLERS EMPLOYED OB SUPPLIED.
LAZARUS MORRIS,
Manufacturing Opticians,
mchj2Sdeod&Tlr
Hartford, Ceos
F
O
H
P
P5
r
O
O
o
h-3
o
Eh
w
W
M
o
w
l-H
H
o
o
m
H
H
'A
PS
P3
o
p
o
1871-
Al.l. KINDS V MILL
MACHINERY.
Furnished at
BSSNNlNCfTON MACHINE WORKS,
Head of Pleasant Street,
BENNINGTON, VERMONT.
Includirsr Steam Engines and Boilers,
letters Double Turbina Water Wheels, also
one Fourneyrou Turbine Water Wheel, 4 ft.
diameter, having 3- U square lncae area or open
ing to buckets; and several Tyler Water Wheels.
4 BETS MARBLE SAWING MACHINERY.
Consisting of 4 Merriman'g Patent Feed Works
from Litest improved patterns, having feed ad
justable when running, reversible pulleys for
raising gang, by power from crank shaft direct,
the screws and nuts well fitted, and thoroughly
built in every part. For a small addition to price
a bionze nut will be furnished, by which compen
sation can be made for the wear of the nut on
the feed screws, therby preventing the gang from
"jumping."
Price of feed work, complete with plain'nut, ex
clusive of Patent fee, each it"5.
4 S2TS CKANK 8IIAKT8,
with crank wheels, balance whee's, pulleys, boxes
tiuhtner and everything pertaining to the Husk
Frame, for either single or double Husks, and
will include line haft and driving pulleys if re
quired. The shafting finished throughout, the
boxes babbitted, and unfinished surfaces well
painted.
Price per pound finished wehrht- 7 cents.
4 SETS HEAD BLOCKS,
6 feet to 6 feet long,
weight, 4 cents.
Price per pound finished
Also several
CIRCULAR SAW MILLS.
With "I ane's Patent" set works. Friction fed
nd gig movements, tjtrongly and thoroughly
built, warranted equal in style and effectiveness
to sny mills made in the country. Prices from
3no to $450 without saws. Will furnish any
style of saw required, at lowest rates, also the
belting to drive the mills.
I have also (he'm:ichir,eiy for a set of
OUN'POWDER MILLS,
adapted to either sporting or blasting powder.
I will sell Marb.e Machinery or other Machine-'
ry Castings of like character, from patterns of
desirable style, and made of a superior quality of
Pig-iron for 4 cents per pound.
And will furnfeh any Steam.. Engines and
Boilers or Water Wheels, together With all o'her
necessary machinery connected therewith, and
will put the same in successful operation in any
part of the country.
Will undertake the coosirustion of any kind of
MARBLE MILL,
PAPER MILL,
GUNPOWDER MILl,
GRIST MILL,
Ob SAW MILL.
In any part of the country, and will make all sur
veys, plans aud estimates, and furnish every
thing, including buildings if required, and put
me same in successful operation lor a speaned
sum.
Can furnish at short notice all kinds of
QUARRYING APPARATUS,
Including Derricks, onerafad hv limif
Improved horse-power Winches for Derricks!
An extensive assortment of patterns for Gear
ing. Pulleys, and general Mill work to be found
at this establishment.
Parties In want of anything in line of Mill
Machinery, either at present er coming year can
MhTnorBdreSdnS' "Th ito
OLIN SCOTT, Proprietor,
Bennington, Vt., May;22, 1871.
deoU'wly
The Oliver marble and tiranlte
WorKe of Rutland, Vt.
One of the largest and best conducted monu
mental esUbllshmeata in the country, so wide
ly and favorably known for excellent work,
owes its success to the three following dis
tingulBblng characteristics: superiority of ma
terial, artistic execution, and low prices.
The first is chiefly due to their immediate prox
imity to the celebrated Rutland Marble Quar
ries, and their location on the direct railroad
route westward from most of the valuable
Granite Quarries of New England, as this im
portant advantage of location over all other
similar establishments is not lost sight of by
the proprietor of the Works and his patrons
hare the full benefit thereof In a personal selec
tion of material from the entire product of the
quarries. Thus, customers are always getting
"the cream" of the entire twelve oeposit.
As under this plan of personally selecting all
the material, as used, there is and can be no ac
cumulation of inferior stock, parties may al
ways feel assured of getting only the very best
ef stock in their work. Furthermore, sound
ness of material is equally well insured, which
is a very important consideration, involving, as
it dees, to great extent, the question of dura
bility, which is an essential requisite to good
work.
The second distinguishing feature oi these
works, and which perhaps has most contributed
to their reputation, has been justly earned by
the employment of the most skilled artizans
that can be obtained, and by confining the la
bor of each workman to soch specialty of work
as he excelled in. Let carvers be constantly
at carving, letterers at lettering, moulding cut
ters moulding, polishers polishing, and bo od
through every classification of the labor of a
large aud well-ordered manufactory, the work
men mnst of necessity be ever acquiring great
er pr cision and dispatch in their respective
departments, while this systematic adaptation
of labor, added to their unequalled facilities in
the selection of material, makes inevitable their
Third feature, and enables them to furnish
the very best work at the lowest possible
prices.
In order to fully meet the demacd of the
times, the services of the best talent that can
be obtained, is employed in constantly origin
ating fresh and novel designs for military and
civic monuments, tombs, hearth-stones, tab
lets, etc., to which Is invited the critical in
spection of parties desiring cemetery improve
ments. The constantly increasing business of the
works, of conrse, is not confined to any partic
ular locality or State, its products already be
ing erected in over a hundred different ceme
teries. To this brief announcement of the facilitiee
and ability of the works, there need only b
added good and ample evidei.ee of integrity In
its operations, not only in its monled transac
tions, bnt in details of manufacture with which
the enstomer is usually unfamiliar, and in
which be mnst to a great extent depend upon
the faithfulness of the builder.
Touching this point, perhaps the raoi-t satis
factory assurance tbereol that ran be offered
is the testimony of those whose ord.-'r? have
been already executed. Hence, the proprietor
beus to submit, in another column, a new ex
tract in each nnmber of this paper, from some
ef the many flattering letters that have been re
ceived during the year or so last past. These
will also serve to indicate localities where
specimens of work may be inspected. j
Most of thee letters are from enstomers w !lh
whom there had been no previous acquaint
ance, many from parties whom the propri
etor has never seen, their work having been
ordered by letter, and as a matter of course no
occasion for compliment beyond a kii d'y desire
to express a favorable opinion in behalf of the
integrity and superior products of the
RUTLAND MARBLE GRANITE WORK?.
THE CAUSE and CURE OF CON
SUMPTION. The primary cause of con
sumption i d"rans"iTient of the diV'tive
organs. This derangement proluecs drfiMcnt
nutrition and ascimili'ion. Hy n-KimiUt ion
I mean tht prfcnm by which the nutri
ment of the f .od i converted in-a biwKl,
and thence into the polidn of the b tdv. Terwins
with dipestions thus impa-red, having the slight-
est predipponitinn to pu!menry diwaw, r if
they take cold, will be very liable to have Con-!
sumption of the Lurg in come of it form and
i noia mat it will oe tmn ew.b e to cure anv ra-p
of Consumption without first restot in ir a fcKd di
Ttion and healthy assimilation. The very firft
thing tn be done in to cleanse the stomach ard
bowel from all diseased mucin and slime which
in eloping these organs to that they cannot per
form their functions, and then rouse r.p ani
rettorethe liver to a healthy ac'ion. For thi-j
purpo"e, the sures and runit remerly ia ''chenck'
MannraKe fills. J hece fills elrance Mw s'omach
and bowels of all the dead and morhid Mirae thit
i causing diaease and decay in the whole svstem. I
'I hey will clear out the liver of all dieied bi
that has accumulated there, and aroe it up to j
a new auu ueviiuj action, cy wnicn natural ana
ha!thy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels and liver ar thus cleansed
by Scbenck'a Mandrake Pill; but there remains
in the stomach an access of acid, the ori?an is
torpid, and the appetite is poor In the b wel
the lactealB are weak, and ifquiringctrength and
support. It is in a condition like this that
8chen.-k's Seaweed Tonic proves to be the moat
valuable remedy ever discovered. It isa'ka'ir.e
and iU use will neutralize allexcefg of acid, mak
ing the stomach sweet and fresh it wiil give per
manent tone to this important orL-an, and create
a good, hearty, appetite, and prep.tre the syttem
for the first process of a irood digestion, and
make gaod, healthy, living blood. Alter thin pre
paratory treatment, what remains to cure most
cases of consumption is the tree and persevering
use or Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup. The lu man
ic Syrup nourishes the system, purifles the blood
and is readily absorbed into the circulation and
thence distributed to the diseased lung. There
it ripens all morbid matters, whether in the form
of abscesses or tubercles, and then assists nature
to expel all the diseased matter in the form of
free expectoration, when once it ripens. It ii
then, by the great healing and purifying rroper
ties of Schenck's Pulmonic t-yrup, tint all ulcers
and cavities are healed up souni, and my patient
is cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing Con
sumption is to get up a gooi appetite and a good
digestion, bo that the body will grow in flesh and
get strong. If a person has diseaed lunrs, a cav
ity or abscess there, the cavity cannot heal, the
matter cannot rtpn S3 long as the system is b
low par. What is necessary to cure is a new or
derof things, a good appetite, a go.d nutrition,
the body to prow in fleh and get fat then Na
ture is helped, the cavities will heal, the maMer
will ripen and be thrown off in larse quantities,
and the pereon regain health and btrenKth. 1 hts
is the true and only p'an to cure Consumption,
and if a person is very bad. if the lung-i are not
entirely destroyed, or even if one lung is entirely
gone, if there is enouxh vitality lef: in the other
to heal up, there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live and enjoy lifs t a good old age.
This is what Schenck's medicines will do to core
Consumption. They will clean out the tnmach
sweeten and strengbten it, get up agoodoifr-s-
nou, buu give ixmuie me aat-istance she neeos to
ciear tne system oi ail diseases that ia in tie
lungs, wnaiever tne former mav be.
It is important;that ,whi'e ui-ingcherck's med
icines, care snouia oe extrcued not to tike cold
keep in-drors in cool damn weatf er: avoid niirht
air, and take out-door extrcise only in a genial
miu waiiusuuBUIUV,
lwum it distinctly understood that mti.nTr-.
commend a patient to be careful in regard to tak
ing cold while utdng my rnedici- es, I do so for a
special reason. A man who has but pir'iallv re
covered lrom the eft-cU of a bad cold is fir in .re
liable to a relapbe thtn one who ha hn ntii-i-
cured, sad it ia p-ecisely the same in reirard to
Consumption. bO lUDI US t h Itimnammitur
fectly healed, just so loDg is there imminent dan
ger of a full return of the disease. Hence it i
that I so strenuously caution pulmonary patients
against exposing themselves to an atmosphere
that is not genial and pleasant. Confirmed con
sumptives' lur.gs are a mg of sores, which the
least change of atmosphere will inflame. The
grand secret of my success with my medicines
Consist in my ability tu suhdue infUm-n,,.,
Biau ui pruv-Kiug u, as many oi 'he faculty do.
An innamea lung cann t with safet. in tho r...
tient be exposed to the biting blasts r f winter or
iue cum. nir winas oi snnnir nr ut,. t.
shonld be carefully shielded from all irnta ingin-
uueuueB. x ue utmost CiUTlon sho rt hi,u..,
in this-particu ar, as without it a cu.e .m,t..r i.
buj uivuiupwikcb is an lrnposi Dtllty.
The person should be kept on a wholesome and
uui.rii.iuua oier., ana ail tne medicines continued
yry. M re8Torea to it the natural
u uauijij ui ueau nun srreniin.
xwm luyseii enrea Dy this treatment of the
worst kind of Consumptiun, and have lived to get
fat and hearty these many years, with one lung
mostly gone I have cured thousands since, and
IkS' haV cured fcy th treatment
whom I have never seen.
About the fir,t of October I expect to take ros-
rfl?na 7 ne.w nild,Dff at the nortb-ea st cor-
WcL V -tree's, where I shall be
f h. VZZ "".uiuiiauy an my remedies, so
;ri?-Per!.nlm aDy Pa" of the wond can be
stici onservance of the same,
J. H. bCIItNCK, M. 1).
rtrr. o r. ?b,."i1M.
dwtoXo?29
V- no n l.i Agents,
ixxiton.
ON MARRIAGE.
Happy relief tot Young Men from the effects
OTKriors and Abuses in early Life. Manbood
restored. Nervous debility cured. Impediments
to Marriage removed, hew method of treat
ment. Mew and remarkable remedies. Book
and circulars sent free, in pealed envelope.
Address HOWARD ASSOCIATION. No. 2,
Booth Math tit.. Philadelphia, Pa. sept2d&w3m
"HTHE SILVER TONGUE."
At E.N.MEliKrA3I'S.
fcrpHE gILYES TONGUE."
DR. E. R. CLARKE'S
VEGETABLE
Sherry Wine Bitters.
"HE BEST MEDIc5i"lN TEE WCEB.
Composed of Dock Root, Sarsaparilla, Rvk T -Wioicrsrrecn,
Dandelion, Wild Cherrv, Tbo-4
i'- I,-!. .1-1.. A c. T .1 T--- i
V-r v.;ak";' I'?" of Appetite, Jam,.
-Ju-e, Headache, Sour Stomach, PUcs f
Ion standing-. Humors, and all JriuafiuhiA
anse from an unhealthy ttau of th" Sto-mvl
nord. and JJlood, Tor which valuable Horns i-i
llcr-.s, nu;l tho knowk-d-c of their great sorri n
suffering humanity, man cannot feel 1.3 ti.v.ki
to Hun vvlio Trnely pivvi jed m with all tLinj.
TO ALL "pkRSONS,
BOTH SICK AND WELL.
Ti" -i r.oiir Life of Health and Happiness
let tlume Bittor be taken, parilcuiariv
l0 ..Wnj and Warm Seavn of the year. a:.
especially ,v the following si:wsc cf people-
The MKCII.1AIC, who, from his cor.itist t
i'...r labor, not having sulck-nt r,cce-9 to i
i.nv.iii-r and refreshing air out of doors, brcoa';
u-ealc.-ii.--l at the s-tomaeh, nervou. pnle ai.l 'ick1-.-):
t-"- not rell-liiast nor properly digcti-.j;." jr.
iio':! l fa:; the.e. Bittcr-i, aril freely t-o,"i-;
r r: -t hU syt(-m up. right and strong. nn l Y,
;e i.ae condition to po through the warm we.!-!
ia L- -iiap;.. with hi coui-tH-it daily labor.
i.ilai-.T.:!i!.' an 1 clean-iln? inn t r cf t.'i-.- h
il-'.. Dandelion, l.plar, and rrickly Ash B--.1:'
U hat wiil 1 ring him up, and niaka liiu;. p:.--.
a'.iv s;.-akin2. once more Q man! 'i i
HILL OIM:itATIVi: will fuel tl.:a Me':-.-:.!
iiif very thing to cleans'' the blood and Ftr r.z
ho v-i-m. :iii 1 r-f mill and pUnvitd 'of.'
i;, f'Ai.!: i over, jilaitiiii
I. A !V lia- (.'it M take this compound fj-f ly. u-
iie v, ill e.. pee.jiv leste.rcd to liealfh, !-auiy
nn:i liisvaiirv Tin' HO A BST V. It IL1!.
i i. (.;;Hi..tIV and I.UAi;it,
;n:
t Si:i:.TAHY HABITS--
M- ii -i:ie' After once r.'i'it? it, you ti
irlio.it it. It wiil improve von'tv
o-.t. Th- MAKIAHIt will ii .d j- if
ii -i i i i th- world f.r l.i- u-e; it h.u.:
.,1 -e-i, h. arty and rai's'-J. an 1 c-,t u:
eti l.i:-.i!.c- and exp-t5i:re; a- wl;.
r novat-- id blood, and i t i
L Kottlc, t!i- L'jv.t Ji i
i;:o,t i:irectual Rj-ofdy
iii t!e Voi II.
r.l .1 1." t'-. 1
i
riti.i' vi:1 l;v
1.. M. ROBBINS,
.i .11 i M t Ii 11 1 1 r- H ry; j -ROCKLAND.
ME.
t i f i:. It. i Invli'. Vc
f !e. i:
l.i .-a;.r
IS. I
f;-
-r.-ov i:ti; oi-
t i i i-:.
.1.1 i i i ti," lo:o,;..t 1.-.t
i- .if 1..1.1 lu-u:-.)!. I- tir 1 t
-,-iy Wi.i 1 ri: So.- t), I'..
l 1 my w z.'-'i m..--.
SOLD BV UcALERS i'fi V.ED.Ci'iiES.
B. H. BURT
'.tiers
Is ADDtnoK TO THE I :sv-t Sto.s
ILK,
SATIXS,
CA3!1MK!(E.S,
MtRtXv S
P.)rL'N.
PL 4.1
lOW-PRICED DRESS
GOODS,
A Splendid StCJi -A
COCUECO REMXAST, 10
BATTIXO. 13.-.,
"WATEa-PKOOF, 1.C5,
HEAVY CASSIMEBE, C:c
Eest FEATUER TICalXG. C.a
HEAVY 6BEETINO, 10X?.,
WAMSUTTA, BleacteJ, 1S
l-niBTIX3 FLVXXIL, i,c
VlIfiREL! AS, 5-.
SCO. LIAPER, 10 jarl piec.9, I TV
FARWELUS
SHOES,
BL'RT'S N
Y. SHOE3, AND
TOWN FOOT-1.
L'Ut RLE5-
Ttiee Roots for Men and P.rna. as e',l as Tar
well's Ladies' and f'hi'dren's Shoes w:!l bj nil
at cost and freight for tliiry d ty.
Ev-ry pair WABR VXTED.
b. H. BVKT.
Oct. i, ;h:i.
D
I?. TOPL.IFFV?
SYRUP OF TAR
CUBES All.
DISEVtir.S ,.K '1IJE THK'JA r AND i.
Coughs O..M, Croup, t'auser, Kronihitu, A
ma M h K.pini5 C (jh, I) eJirg of t h,
Lutjr-, atd Conmrnpfion
P.KCOMXlKNBED liV THK I'-T fui'-mS-
Road ihe fo' lowing testimoLia!:
Host Mast Oct 1. ll
Db. ToPLtF-Dear t-ir -I bad a setre tr
ble with ray tbroat and lunmi. mhici tmuM-a
exceedinly, and I hid almost dspircd of g
ting reli-f, hen I v told f your rup t
Tar, which I tned wnh the best of reu t. a 1
am now quit well My coui?h na Ift me and
the sorrtna hai dixai-pared as if by mug c. 1
write you this, that otters may try it aud
benefited, as 1 can recommend lc to all.
V. H. B'lVVMAX,
174 Cambridge STert
(Circulars containing testimonies snt fre t-'
all on applicition. For sale by drug' gtier
ally, or ent to any part of the ouuulrr, secure 1
packed, upon receipt of the rue, one do!l:
bottle, by the propn?Ur.
Henry Cj., 'W holesale Agents, Buried d.
Da. C. C. TOFL1FF. Proprior.
oc llliirtf FL-h-ri.!e, B-
pURE KENTUCKY BOUhBOX
2, 3 AND 4 YEARS OLD.
DENOMINATED OLD CABIN, PA"I
EOON AND KENTUCKY BELLE-
I.
These Bourbons are bottled and soM tr";
Allen, Port Kdward, N. Y i their rrrigi"0"
state. Any one recri ring and not UnilMF. p
t compair with reeom uienlationa, ni,y 'Jt
hack at the expense of shipper. All f mu'
bepaldondeuvery. HENBY CO..
BurUngwo. t.
Wholesale Agent for Allen's CoHfreas ttttera
eptl4!lrly
fcfcTHHE SILVER TONGUE."
f 7$r-S