THE RUTLAND WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1871.
Tbe Lecture Courte.
course of first class popular Ieotnres
8nd entertainments bus been arranged for
0Iir citizen" tu winter which brings to
0r platform some of the most vigorous
mind and eminent characters of tbe
cosDtry. It bas been no small task to ee
cQre them, so great id the call in all
quarters for their services. After several
months correspondence, the arrange
ment have been completed. There are to
te pix b ctnres and entertainments to be
opened by tbo most celebrated and popu
lar ef Amerioan lecturers, John B. Gough,
on Tuesday evening, November 21, who
pcka every ball in which he speaks with
doubted people.
Ptrnons should secure their season
tickets early. Tickets for Goagh's lec
ture i-hould also be secured as soon as they
sre ff-red for sale, -which will be Mon
day, November 20. The reason tickets
f .r the course have been placed at $2.00
for the ix lectures, wbicb is at Ws price
thiiu any other lecture course in Vermont
Tbe expenses of a leotura here, itahonld be
remembered, are more than at any point in
the State, and it la only by the strictest
economy and tbe liberal patronage of tbe
people.tbat a firat clssa lecture can be nude
t ipny ix penses, and it is therefore partic
ularly debimble that our citizens should
en nrs tbe ct urse financially by thf pur
cbaHo of n l-ire number of reason tickets
tit an erly day, and before the first lee
turn. The following ia the progrmnmeof
fie course
Nov. 21 John B. Gough.
Dtc. 11 Grnnd concert by Mr. II. M.
Smith, II. C. BirnaVep, W. II. Fesf-enden
mid Trof. II. M. Smith all of Boston.
Dec. 13 Prof. C. II. Hitchcock, (Mt.
'r) ington expedition, with elegant
n'ereoxcopio views of frost work exhibit
el wi'h Calcium light.)
Jan. 1 Mr. Scott Siddoua. (A.u even
iait with the, Poets.)
j.ltl. Wendell Phillips. (A new
lecture
Jan linn. Oeorwe William Curtis.
A Ili'W Wti.re
l'niJj.tle t'ou venl ion.
In pursuanco of a previous cull the
Judjf" and Reiiiwters of the Reveral Pro
tu'c C mrts met. in convention at the
C mrt Ht,ue, in Montpelier, on the 8rh
d,iy of November, 1871, at, 10 o'clock in
t ;n' forenoon. The convention wa called
t i ordi r hy Hon. Mvron A. Biiley, .Tuilue
o; I'luhnte for the Dtsttirit of Franklin,
w1'" 8nt d the object fir which the con
vention wm called, and rrq'ietel 'hat
fie nec-efHrv c iliijern ba elt cUa to Rtt-ct
au organia ition.
ITj.nn motion of Joel C. Baker, of Rut
liiift, IIoo. Al'irhai Stoddard, of Went
uiin'r, ws e'reted President of the con-Vr-
r. ttii.
I'pon motion f llyrrn A. B nley, of
i-'n.iik'm, E 1 ward A. Stewart, of O.leann,
m el' ct'-d Secretxry.
1'pon ihi roll t.f hll the Jui'les a'td
l,'ei.'i'i s in 'he Sut being called, the
tu'l'iwinif were found to be present
N'W lliveti Dia'rict John D. Smith,
J t V" J. IT. Lueirt, Reenter.
C.ltdinit District Asu L. French,
JuJgp.
('fuiretiilen District Torrey E. Wales,
iHk'e.
K-"x District Vil'itim II. Hat thorn,
lVeiikijn Dittriat Myron A. B iiley.
Gr..nd IIt. D;stn'ct Uenian W. Allen
Ij-mtiiiio JJ'.-trtet lanc
Jj Tearl
I'kf; R. S. Pik", Reaver.
le-.tis Distiic Elwurd A. Srt
.'u-it'e.
li n I land District Walter C. Dunton
';ihe; Joft C. Biker, Roister.
Whinif'on Distir-t. ITarvey Tilden
Ji'ie; N. A Chase, Register
Wextniinhtt-r District AK?h:-i Stod
J Til, Jutfe.
Tl e oriatit'z tion f the convention be
i a completed, Torrey E. Wales, of Chit
t toien, presented to the convention, the
1 fli nl'ies of adniinisteriniT the Prob ttt
luvs of the State, the defects in tbe 1 tw
i'H.-lf and tho Kenerol want of uniformity
ii tbe practice in the various Probate
C iiirts, and the necessity for amendments
ti the law in many respects and of tbe
adoption of uniform rules for its a'.'min
U'T i'inn.
A.'j turned to 2 p. ra.
At th.i opening of tho afternoon ses.-ion,
Ilirvey Tilden, of Washington, read
l'ter from E. B. Burton, Judge of Man
elrster District, asd J. R. Cleveland,
J'.oVe of Randolph District. Mr. Tilden
a'-o pre-ented a paper from Judge C.'eve
lard, disenssinjr vnrroits" questions which
lurl hern raised in bis distric t, under the
rv.ih.te laws, amontf which was the ques
tinD r f the power of the Probate Court to
order funds held by a guardian of an in
lino person in this State to tbe guardian
r.f t he same person in another State, when
'lie insnne person had removed from this
Sute ti the other with the consent of tb
snirdian here. Also, the question of the
p iwrr of the Trobate Court to divide the
real t-ntate of an intestate among tbe heirs
suVj.'t t to a claim by the administrator
f r rtebts paid and balance due him on
hi- final settlement with tbe conrt.
The questions discussed by Judge Cleve-
lanl were taken up and considered by the
0 invention at seme length
J"el C. Baker, of Rutland, offered the
f i'iwng resolution
Rewired, That Judges Stoddard, Wales,
r,-iifti nd Tyler, be, and are, hereby ap
P'"nted a comroit'ee, to suggest and pro
core, ri, fr RH jH practicable, such amend
nts to the Probate laws of this State
at ttie next session of the Legislature as
lW tbiiik proper.
trm. C. TCwrtsoorn, of E-sex, moved as
n mft'flment to the resolution that tbe
Htme of Jtiflge Dunton be added to the
fiaimittee, wbioh was agreed to, and the
'SMi'titi'in adapted.
0 i motion of Torrey E. Wales the scv
'al Judges f Probate were requested to
'rwKrd to tbe committee appointed y
tr Ust resolution each susrestion in re
lri to the nmendment to Probute law as
'wh Nltnuld think advisable.
lyron A. Bailey, of Franklin, offered
following resolution
foxf'ked, That committee of three' be
iiitffi by the Chair to recommend to
'Wnnventinn a system of pracioo for
tfc(1 Pn.bate Courts in this State.
The resolution was adopted unanimous
lr. tiod the Chuir appofnted.Sa such com-
M?ron A. BiXwif Franklin Joel C.
"r, f,f RutUnd NelsoT., Chase, of
fhiniftcn.
yrnn A. BailPv4-v''ejrrara from
Siinurinf mnAawtt ilia VLrmnnt. Gntl.
trl R ilro, tgnderingHhfr-tnember of
convention -return pasnoa to their
Tle conventhwr.'rjn motion of Asa L.
tcM adfiurnei till 9 o'olock, Nov. 9th.
The convention reassembled ou the
morning of the 9th ef November, the
President in the chair.
S. S. Pike of Lamoille, called attention
to the Homestead law and asked what
construction the several Probtte Courts
put upon the law in oasea where there
was a mortgage upon the lands inoluding
the homestead, but the lands were worth
$500 above mortgage, in reference to
placing any burdens of the mortgage
npon the homestead. The question was
discueaed by Judges French, Stoddard,
Tilden and others.
Joel C. Baker, in behalf of the com
mittee on Practice, reported that as the
duties imposed by the resolution had
been interpreted to require the committee
to not only report rules for the conduct
ing of business before tbe Probate Court,
but also tbe forms ef procedure, blanks
and records, the committee would not be
able to make complete their labors during
the session of tbe convention, and asked
that further time ba given to finish their
labors.
On motion of Judge Stoddard it was
veted thit the committee be directed to
continue their labors, and to agree upon
the forms of proceedings', records, etc
that tbey procure the blanks they would
rcootnmend to ba used to be printed, and
a copy of each to be sent to each Probate
Court in the State, and that the commit
tee B8te8s each district with their fair pro
portion of their expenses for printing and
other expenses.
On motion of Joel C. Baker, it was
voted that the Judge or Register of each
Probate Court be requested to send a
copy of all blanks in use in their courts
respeetiv ly to Myron A. Bailey at St
Albans, for the use of tbe committee.
On motion of Torrey E. Wales, it was
voted that the committee be further em
powered to call a conventiou of Judges
and Rfifinters, at such time and place as
they ju'ljire best, whenever they shall be
ready to report.
It wits further voted that the committee
b directed to ascertain where tbe neces
sary books, blacks and stationary for the
ne. of tbe Trobate Courts of the State
could bo obtained on the least terms, and
to report such proposal as tbey should
receive to the convention to be called by
thfm.
Myron A. Bailey moved that the Secre-
tsrv he instructed to furnifh bis minutes
of the proceedings of this convention to
te newspapers of the State.
On mo'ion it was voted that the thanks
of this convention be tendered to the
railrotd authorities for the return checks
furnished the members of tbe convention.
On motion of S. S. Pike, the thanks of
the convention were tendered to the Pres
ident of the convention for the courtesy
and pntience with which be had presided
over its deliberations, to which Judye
S'oddard responded.
Then, after ceneral discussion for en
ho'ir, on motion of Joel C. Baker, the
convention adjourned.
Edward A. Stewart,
Seeretnrv.
Vo. 6.1
and Way Stations.
After a Ions? march we find a hotel
where they promise that we shall have
some accommodation at niaht, either a cot
or a mattres", end we are thus easily sat-i-fied.
Wn pet our breakfast and strt
for the F-iir ground, which is some five
miles from the center of the city, end
will endeavor to ftive your readsrs a brief
aoooont of this immense exhibition. Thi
fa;r bas been c-ni"d on for sixteen years
by th St. Louis Fair Association, a pri
vate corporation, and has every year been
a ureit success. Their charter does not
allow them to make any dividends, eon
s quently all tho profits (which are very
1 .rjfe) are expended in the improvement
of tho gronnda and buildinps. Every
thincr is on the most liberal scale.
Tno far grounds consist of about
e'ahty-five acres. In about the center
IS
a v st amphitheatre, where thirty thou
sarid people may be seated and wftness
tho raet a, which take place on the track
inxidfl of the amphitheatre; under these
seas are the refreshment stands, which
face outward from the trujk, and are all
well fitted. There are numerous other
lario bnilding scattered over tbe ground
tbo tLadies Cottage, tbe Mechanical
FTlls the Machinery Department, the
Mineral and Geological Department, the
Cotton Department, and several large
open bnildinps for the Agricultural D
pirtment. Then there is the D.er Park,
containing about eiiht acres, where five
deer and elk mav be seen, and the "Gal-
iiog;um"of wire, with hundreds of com
partmerts for the poultry, and hundreds
of sheds, stalls and pens for horses and
stock. The mechanical hall is fall of in
terest to the mechanic, watches are be
made here, and all manner ot new ma
chinery is on exhibition.
St. Louis is striving bard, and with
goid success thu far, to attract tbe cotton
trade to the city. Large premiums are
offered on tbo various grades of cotton,
and a very fine display is made. But the
vastness of the display of agricultural
implements will be noticed by all. Over
twenty acres are covered with mowers,
plows, cultivators, cornshellers, farm wag
ona,sowers,tbresbing machines stump pul
lers, and other articles of this clas. In
this department we saw a finedtsplay of
Hwg'(B)acalef,j5iad(fl by theTirandon Man
ufacturing Company, who have a ware
house here. A "Champion" Reaper and
Mower, in this department, possessed the
finest and moat elegant finish that we
n f 1
ever saw on a mower, jjdiore we nave
seen much of the exhibition we find it is
growing dusk, and with the crowd start
cityward. The heat is intense, and the
dnt-t, driven by a high wind, is intolera
ble, but there is an end to it all, and af
ter a good bath, and excellent supper, all
discomforts ot tbe day are loBt tight of in
the smoke of a real Havana. G.
A Proclamation from Gov. Fair-
cniLD.i-Gov. Fairchild has issued the
following under date of Madison, Novem
ber 8
lo ike People of the United States
Tbe Relief Committee inform me that the
anpp'v of cltbing on hand in transit and
ready for shipment win De sumoieni to
meet tbe wants of the sufferers by tbe
tire in this State no further oontribu-
inns of this kind will be needed now.
Your generosity has comfortably clothed
he needv for the winter, and tbey would
not tax your liberality a moment longer
r it 1
han necessary, ana gratemuy mans you
for your liberal and timely aid.
Insane. A religiously insane young
man t Dutch parentage, wonting oi
Sherman, hacked his arm bdly with a
hatchftt, a few days atro, and afterward
ut off one band, in literal obedience to
be soriptnral passage relating to cutting
fl an c ffsndmg member. He bas been
removed to the insane asylum at Hart
ford.
Henry T. Barnes.
Henry Y. Barnes, Esq., an old resident
of Montpelier, died on Tuesday last at
the age of seventy-eight years. He had
been a resident of the town for more than
fifty years, a larger part of tbe time be
had been an active and influential citizen,
lie had held several town offices, although
he was not wht might be termed a pop
ular man, he was a man of rare integrity
and independence of character. He was
a harness maker by trade, and had his
place of business for more than forty
years, near the hotel now kept by Mr.
Bishop, and onoe owned and kept that
hotel. An industrious, honest, thorough
business man, he accumulated a hand
some property.
He had a marked and decided charac
ter, with positive traits, mentally and
morally, and waa not an individual of pre
tences but of reality in all things. A rigid
temperance man, almost fanatical and
total abstinence was a part of bia religion.
In his eye a rumseller was not only a
violator of the law, he was a bad man
who ought to be punished aad whose traf
fic ouebt to be suppressed, and was fore
most and vigilant in tbo prosecution of
the prohibitory law.
Mr. Barnes was an earnest and always
consistent anti-slavery man.of strong con
victions, and he could hardly have fellow-
ship as a christian with those who held
adverse opinions. In bis view principlei
made the man, and he truly lived out hi
opinions, lie always gave of his tim
and his money freely to advance meas
ures of vital concern to tbe general wel
fare. Although a Wbig and a Republi
can, politically, he was ready to abandon
party for any new organizttion that prom
ised to deal more directly with those
(Treat evils drunkenness end slavery. He
was a devout, consistent and active mem
ber of the Congregational church.
Like all men who hold opinions clearly
and sharply defined, especially on ques
tions of morals, and who are fearless in
their expression, Mr. Barnes made en
emies among those whose opinions
or
whose tn fth he never spared. The liqnor
dealers cordially hated him. II was of
tentimes sneeringly called a radical and a
fanatic. Although not progressive ac
cording to youitj? American ideas, yet he
had that stern integrity, fearless life,
honest hatred of what he jued wrong
cordial friendship for what he tboueht
right, that liberality toward every objec
that seemed worthy of charity end thut
sincerity, frankness ana directness in
which he did or was, that wos f ir him
'he sincere regards and real respect of hi
who knew, sufficiently to understand
what a straight forward, direct, honest
man he was.
His life ws a remarkable instance of
ndependent thought and txpres.-i, m, that
many might copy with proh.', Hvoifiinjf
tbe extremes both of thought and action
to which he sometimes considered it big
duty to tin. The writer was acquainted
with Mr. Barnes for twenty Teir, and
was pleased with the excellent tribute to
his virtues in the Montpelier Freeman,
from which the main portions of this ar
t'clft havo been compiled. The article is
a frank testimonial to a fearlt-t-s and up
right, consistent roan.
Keason vrrttiis Itevtliilion.
Benson. Oct. 7
Editor Rutland lltrald My eye lights
upon a piece taken from your paper en
titled "Reason versus lievelation," upon
which I would like to comment britfly.
The writer would defend reason by
dissociation from all alliince with infinite
reason, arid claims that pure Christianity
puts atide human reason, with which
ignorance we do not wich to credit bim.
He must know better. In regard to
things entirely out of the bound of rea-
sm, we would be assisted by Icfioite
knowledge, and would not at any time
presume to compete with Infiuite God.
God asks us to reason with tim. We are
called to "think on cur ways and be wise."
Tbe Bible is constantly trying to inspire
thought whence come tbes "inward
promptings" so often repeated. How
many do men have when completely iso
lated from the influence of the Bible
Another false position is taken, viz: The
christiin religion forces a man to "wait"
for a "revelation." Tho exact opposite is
the truth. We urge upon men to use the
faintest light to accept "now." Man,
by instinct, knows God is rigVt and
should be obeyed. The Bible takes it for
granted that man knows his duty,when bis
eyes are opened. Again, we hit against
these "inward promptings, and it is
asked "would it not be better to obey
these 'inward promptings?'" By all
means; lor it they are wortny or me
name, tbf y hove come from God, obey
what you have and pray to God for more.
But he adds, "all reform must come from
within." We have read tbe same from
Mr. Theo. Parker's writings. But didlhe
writer ever knowa taan reformed without
any outward influence No! all comes
from without. All ''inward promptings"
are first outward promptingp, ,and from
God. When a man is in dead .earnest for.
that truth which may save bis soul, does
he seek within to read it from the tablet
of a polluted .heart The very first indi
cation of reform will be distrust of his
old self. But, says the writer, disputing
himBeW, these "inward promptings" msy
aa well come from any other source as
from the Bible from what source we are
not told we were referred to "inward
promptings" to adjust everything, and if
so, where is truth to be found Then
anything is truth which a man may con-
are with never so bad heart and life, and
tbe worst man's standard is just as good
and safe as the wisest and best man's
truth, there being no standard of truth.
Run this out into all of life's relations
and what would the world become
Promising to be brief, we will not ex
tend but what profundity and aptness of
thought these infidel and free thinkers
presume to have above tbe believers of
gospel truth," when the real fact is that
the mass hang npon a certain set of men
on purpose, to avoid thought npon these
matters of the immortal soul and its des
tiny; and for the bright and profound
thoughts of those who are called gifted
writers, all are indebted to the Bible
which they affect to despise. We would
have these men try their philosophy and
free religion npon cannibals and bring
them up to the standard now attained by
thousands of them under tbe light of this
despised gospel, and if not one has been
raised to manhood in these centuries of
free religion, I would show a little more
modesty and a little less boasting.
We would be glad to hear from this
writer again, stating, if he please, what
this religion ef raason bas done during its
mg history, and what it is to-day doing,
where it cannot hang to the skirts of the
current Christianity of the times. And,
if he please, append his name to his
thoughts, that his sincerity may not be
questioned. Henry M. Holmes.
Personal.
Mrs. Abbie W. Tanner of Montpelier
and Mrs. Brown of Montpelier delivered
addresses at the recent State Spiritual
Association held at Manchester, N. H.
John Q. Saxe baa returned to Albany
after a tour through the West. He has
lectured fifteen times in Illinois, Indiana,
Missouri and Kansas. He returns to th
lecture field in a few weeks.
Daniel G. Thompson, son of the lat
Hon. D. P. Thompson of Montpelier, has
been elected President of the Younsr
Peoples Literary Sooiety of the North
Congregational church in Springfield
Mass.
Passenger Fares. About a month
since the Boston Albany Railroad re
duoed their passenger fares, which
showing good results, and increasing th
business and profits of tbe road.
The ticket sales at tbe Pittsfield depot
durina; the past month, the firgt month of
the reduced fares, exceeded by several
hundred dollars the receipts for October,
1870, under the tiaher tariff, when a tic
ket to Boston cost 50 cents more than
now and one to Springfield 30 cents more
The day is not far distant when all
railways will reduce their passenger fares
and it will be shown that the increased
travel will give more profits. Many roa
now would show a larger increase of earn
ing if they would reduce their passenger
rates.
Wo apprehend that our railroad cor
porations pursue a mistaken policy in
keeping their rates so high. We trus
that the time is not far distant when they
will see the wisdom of such a policy, and
thus benefit themselves and work for and
in the interests of the people.
.Tlitior Items.
Rev. E. II. Griffin of Burlington gave
the usual Thursday evening lecture at
the chapel of the Congregational chnrcb
last evening.
Rev. Father Boylan has expended
Sr.3,000 on the new St. Peters Catholic
Church, and it is estimated that an ex
penditure of $50,000 more will be neces
sary for it's completion.
D D. Gorhani, formerly of West
Rutland, principal of the High School at
Montpelier for the past eleven years has
been invited to take charge of the High
School in Northampton, Mas.
People are complaining of the two
dollar bill with a large horizontal 2 en
graved upon it. Sa-picton attaches to it
everywhere on account of its having been
so well counterft ired, and the only pro
tection noottle have airainst coming: to
troubl by it. is to decline taking it under
any circumstances.
Gen. Russell Ilickok.of Fort Edward,
N. Y furmetly a -well known citizen ot
this county, celebrated his G dden Wod-
dinc. on WednesdHV. Nov. 1st. He is
over 70 years of ajre. He was surrounded
by all his children nd grand children, a
complete family, numbering, all told, 21
persons. In these fifty years of married
life, there h is been but one death in the
whole tami'y, and that was bis eldest son
aged 17 years.
-Same tinae since it was charged
thut- Mrs. M-iry Ann Smith of Fort Ann,
N. Y, hud been poisoned by her bu-band
and the woman so declared upon her
death bed. Smith was arrested and
thrown into prison, but Dr. Porter, chem
ist, of Albany, havintf analyzed the
stomach of the deceased, dec-Urea that no
poison was found in it.
-It is now morally certain that tbe
Rev. J. T Goodrich, formerly of Canton,
N Y., w is burned up in the Chicago
fire.
-A countryman, walking along the
streets of a town, found his progress
stopped by a close b irrioade of timber.
'What is this for he said to a person in
the street. ''Ot, that's for to stop the
cholera." "Ah, I have often heard of tbe
board of health, but I never siw one be
fore." -Rev. J. P. Farrar, of East Wallinsr-
ford, occupied he pulpit of the Baptist
hurch on Sunday, in exchange with Rev.
Mr. Mills.
Green Mountain Lodge of OJdfel
lows, at Burlington, have sent one hun
dred dollars to the Oddftllows of Chi
cago.
The Central Railroad shops at St.
Albans are so crowded with the manufac.
tnre cf cars as to compel the business cf
repairs to be done out of doors.
The typhoid fever is prevailing in
our village to seme extent. Several in
dividuals are seriously ill with the dis
ease.
Chicago id very sorry, nays the Post
of thit city, that they cctild not keep their
fire until the arrival of tbe Russian Grand
Duke, .jrbey -would take pride, however,
in showing him Mrs. Leary's cow and tbe
Post effice cat. The- same paper observes
that hereafter no museum will be com
plete without one of this cow and an
equal number of this cat.
Gough will be here on Tuesday
evening;; Novembec.,21. 'Everybody will
ba at the Opera Hall to see and hear him.
"Widows' Wood Sooiety" is one of the
benevolent institutions of Portland, Me.
An applicant for the position of
domestic in a Dnbury, Conn., family was
asked if she understood how to use kero
sene. Her reply exceeded the most can
guine expectations: "Use it, is it?" she
exolbiaied in a tone of reproachful explan-
Horrible Ifiurder in Kansas.
A horrible murder was committed ne'ar
Osage Mission, Kansts on the night of the
6th inst. John P. Flanagan, the r-.erpe-
trator, bad recently puffred a pecuniary
loss and resolved to dispatch bkafrelf. nd
family. He administered chloroform to
bis wife and two little girls, aged two
months and two years. Abeut 4 o'clock
in tbe morning Mr.'. Flanagan awoke
from tbe stupor and discovered her bog-
band driving tenpenny naila into the
head ef one of the children. Flying to
the refeue of her babies she found them
expiring, bbe snooeeded in disarming
ber husband and gave the alarm. Flana
gan was taken into custody. A letter
found tucked to a wall, addressed to some
relatives, that in consequence of ti mind
being in such a condition, he could not
da anything and had determined to kill
himself and family except bia son Clar
ence.
The burned Cbicago baildinflrs. if
placed side by Bide, would reach our. hun
dred miles.
A.V
ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION
Just received t trelve casta of the
LATEST STYLE WINTER HATS,
And marked down to astonishingly low
figures.
YOU CAN BUY AT
ASHMUN'S TEMPLE of FASHION,
A beautiful Trimmed Hat for f2, and up
ward a.
YOU CAX BUY AT
ASHMUN'S TEMPLE of FASHION,
A beautiful hand-made Black Velvet Hat, la
all the leading rhim-a. for 75c, ard
upwards.
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You can buy Real Oa'rich Tips, ia all 8hle,
lor 35 oeots.
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You can buy a beautiful gpry of Velvet Flow-
era for 5 amis.
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You em bny everytbini rerta'ti'nar to Millinery,
from the ch-apest te tbe best, at retail,
cheaper than ths majority of houses
hereabouts buy at wholesale.
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You can buy a ham'sime set of Hair, snch as
Aiilxstm '-urls. for vt) cs. Keal Hair Gre
cian Bend curls f -r 90 cts, long; NiU
son curls, usually stld lor f we
sell for t3 25 Lioen Switch
es, very h--ay, for f I
i"oinpH'l"ur Braids at
SO cents.
Ciignons worth 75 ct for 31 cts., and a com
plete line in this nrnncn, cheaper tnin
ever before, and very much
cheaper than any other
house in the
State.
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You can buy
SATCHELS
Mde of (rood leather and well-finished, at aston
ishing prices, from 70 cs. up. The Urgest, 13-
ch. leitiT-lineo.-pocaei msuie ana oui, we
sell for 12.25.
t
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You can buy
UNDER-GARMENTS,
Rnch a Chemises, f'Otn 65 cents, np Drawer?,
from 5' cts., up aUo
8KIRTH,
NlSfHTllOBES.
andTOIXET JACKET?.

A lares assortment of every article in this liqe,
frjm the cheapest up.
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You ean buy a beautiful Jet set, wri 50 cts
for 10 ct. a bnt fui Jet. ni nrnce
lets, wnr- h 75 tor 25 H'., and
lots nf 0'h'rs, eu-'h as
GILT, HORN, wniTRY BTA AND CORAI
INK r a lo
n ereat qnanttty and rraTr assortment, an! at
prices that will bear no-faductiou.-
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You can And a beautiful and large assortment of
LACE COLLARS
And sets, in handsome deisms, from 10 cts. np,
nnr Col'ar are a'l hand-made, and we warrHnt
each and every one to wash, er money refunded.
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION,
You can buy
CORSETS
From 50 etc. np. A hindsnm" imtwrted ore in
box for 75 cts. Also, BUoTLES from 40 c's. up.
AT ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION",
You can fiod
P.EADY-MADE SUITS
In A'p ara end WVerproo'. CloaVs for Lad'es
and M is, g, Flannel Sicks, Red Riding Hood
and Cloak-, worsted Shawls, hand-made worsted
goods, for infants, mlsi-ea and ladies.
PETtVUMERV,
iJKACKKTS,
corner srAvns,
FANCY B'VXE.
FANCY BASKETS,
SL1PPRR.
CUSHION.
and OTTOMAN
PATTERNS,
GERMAN RAISED PICTURES,
Merino Cloaks, Merioo Caps and Hoods, Shawls,
Suits and abo-s for Infants the latest
si tea oaen ana i rimming
Ribbons,
TIES, BOWS AND 8CARFS.
And in faet you can buv anything and every
thing usually found in a first-class Ladies' Nov
elty Furnishing Store, at
ASHMUN'S
TEMPLE OF FASHION".
"We buy everything from first hands. In lafpe
quantities, consequently our goods are j ibbud to
uur customers, instead of retailed. No one is
1 urged to buy. Every artic'e is marked in plain
Courteous and polite attention is shown to every
one,
Hy all means come if you can, and if you can
not, send your orders, which wid be promptly at
tended to. Our stock is large. Ask for adver
tised article, and be sure not to ask us to refund
money for articles purchased at
ASHMUN'S TEMPLE OF
FASHION,
No. 89 Merchant Bow, Rutland, Vt.
Ucdtrtnal.
LD ESTABLISHED HOSPITAL
Ma K R..m Itfmf. Altlsn N V
DR. TKlI.KR eontinuea to be eon'fldentlallT
and suoceitKfuUy conaurtcd on all forma of private
(Unease at his old eetahuaoed Hospital, No.
Beaver FU. Alb&nv. N. Y. Twenty Tear devoted
ttt this one particular branch of praetio-, enables
mm to perform cores sues as no owe pnysim
ci.li and his facilities are sacb, (being In corres
pondence with tbe most celebrated physicians of
tue Ola world) ot ootaining inesaieax asweu as
the latest remedies for tneaedlseaaes, otter lnduoe
mentt to the aafnrtnuat ef a quick and rapid
cure to be obtained at no other place in America.
In syphilid, uorrbe, gleet, tnctttrbd.enlmre
tnent of the tisticies and permatie cords, babe
ulcerated tbrontt, sore throat, tender shin bones.
cutaneous eruptions, biles, ulcers, and all otnel
unpuritie of tbe system, are perfectly under ean-
trol of the Doctors medicines, and have been
texted in more than 80,000 eases annually with
mmeTtie success.
YOUNO MEN addlcated to seeret haMta, wbe
Cave Impaired their health and dnitroyed the
vigor ot their minds, thus depriving- themselves ot
the pleasure of married life, are notified that in
consiUtiuft Dr. J. Teller, tbey will find a friend to
wnmeltt, and a physician who has eured tmu
sands in almost every part of the United States,
l- i- J 1 1 m V. V. I V
wuu apxieo iaj t't. a. unitcii -iuwa ui uc&ibu,
now rejtpce in all that makes life desirable and
man happy. The reader is of count aware that
the delicacy of the aubjeot will prevent a more
minute deosriptWB of this terrible disease.
WJ.. TKL.L,KK'S GREAT WOEI.-A book for
everybody. i?tart'iriK iiwHuunre. Dr. Teller's
tn-eat work for the married and those eontemplat
ini? marnaire 200 pages full of plates price 25
cents. rVnt to all parts, ai.der seal, by mail post
paid. The single, married, and married happy.
A lecture on lv, or now to chMe a partner
a complete wurk on midwifery. It contain hui
antlr of secrets neer Ntt'ore pubushed. War
ranted to be wrtfc three timts tbe amount asked
for it. Twenty-live cents tn postage stamps en
clined, will se-uri' a oity by return mail. D.
Teller has demited l! his time to the cure of
tho-e diseases n' which hi book treats.
t iiHise hour tnim S A. M. to J P. M., and
On Knnday rrom 1 to S f. M.
N. ft. Heis'in st a difttaooe can be cured at
borne, by delremii a letter u J. Teller, encloe
inx a remittance. Medicitjea securely pabked
from obnerTBtmu, sent to any part of the world.
AU liases warranted. No ehanre for advice. Ne
udout r boys eruployel. Notice this addrsss
letters to
J. TEI.LKK, M. D.,
Ha. 5, Beaver et., Alacy, N. Y.
ma.yl7.lk wtf.
.soo
DOI.LAK8 WILL BK
forfeited by Ut. L. Otx if failing to
our ii leos time than any other physician, more
Btf-r,Ti.Hv and permanently, with less restraint
tr im :upat!on or xxpuHnrs te all weather, with
pure aud plettnaot medicluee.
.SELK-ABUSn AND HHUTA8Y HABITS,
Thett etTwtfi and eonnequennes
MVUOIAI. AILMENTH AND SITUATION
Incident to married and stable ladles
SKiJEET AND UKL1CATR DIHOKDERS;
nii-ruWI affections, eruptions and all diseases of
thentctn. nicer of the aoae, throat and body,
pimpiex en th face, swelling of the Joints, ner
nasnes oomtitotiunal aud other weaknesses IE
routh and the more advanced, at all ages, of
iUTli 8EXiS,SiNOL OS MAjiKID.
L. OlX'fl
PitlVAT st&VlCrkr OITTICX,
41 Bworoon STBMT, ttosTbN, Mans. L
a arranged that patients never hear or
each other. Hectilleet, the only entrance to hit
ntiloe if No. SI, bavins- no connection with bif
residence, consequently no family Interruption,
jo that on no u-.-jant cin any parson hesitate
rplyi2 t his office,
Dft. DIX
oid!y asserts, tatid it cannot be coctradioted, ex
cept by ijaacKit, who will say or do anything, even
perjure themselves, to impose upon patient,
that he
ib ram oslt biorlib sbaofatx mrxsieiAX
anvKurutiNO (M BosTOS.
TWENTY YEARS
enatred in treatment of Special Diseases, a fact
so well known to many eitisena, publishers, mer
chants, hotel proprietors, se., that he is much
rseoiamended, and pa rticularly to
STKAKWERSAKD TKAVjCLEES.
To avoid aud esoatie imposition of foreitrn an1
native quacks, more numerous id bofton than
ofAer large cities,
DK. DIX
oroudly refers to profesars and respectable phys
icians many of whom who ounsult him in criti
cal cur, because of his aoknowledired skill and
reputatiou, attained through so long experience
practice acd .innervation.
AKKUtrTTD AND UNFORTUNATE,
be not robbed, ana ia to your sur7ennirs in being
jefeived hy the Ivtnjt Boasts, misrepresentations
false promise ana pretensions of
yoKKlON AND NATIVE QUACKS.
who know little of the nature and character ef
Special Diseases, and lees as to their enre. Some
exhibit fonred diplomas of institutions or colleges
which never existeo in any pan of the world
others exhibit diplomas nf the dead, bow obtained
aaknnwn; not only susn mmg and advertisit
in names of those inserted in the diplomas, but to
fnrtber their Imposition assume names of otnn
celebrated physicians long since dead. Neither be
deceived b y
QUACK NOSJTBUM-MAKEIIS,
throueh false certificates and references, and re
ooramenrtation of their medicines bv the dead
who cannot ipii or contradict them; or who,
bexidea, to further their Impositions, copy frwm
medical bonks much that ts written of the quali
ties and streets or ainerent neros and plants, and
ascribe all the same U their pi lls.es tracts. I.ipecif.
tea. moxt of which, If Dot alL onntam soerourv
rcause ef the ancient belief of its "curing everj-
tMnic. out now Known to "Kill more than is
ntired," and those not killed, constitutionally in-
turetl tor lire.
IiJNOttANCE Of QUACK DOCTOB8 AND
NOSTKUM-MAKKKS
Through the Lrn'ance of the Quack Doctor.
knowtns no other remedy.he relies upon Mereur?
and (fives it to all his patients in pills, drops, Ac.,
Kith uostruia-ntaxer, equally ignorant, adds to
his HO-oaUen extracts, specific, antidete, e., both
tti, it is trumpeted in vannus ways throughout
rtie lsnd but. alas' nothms ts said of th sal
-f.o, xome of whom die, others grow worse, and
are lert to iiusar or suner ror raontos or vears.nn
til relieved or cursd, if .possible, by oompetent
physicians.
SVT A',L UUACKS AEE NOT IONOKANT
xorwtinuT.anaing ine loretfomg facts are
tnown to some quack doctors and noe-tTura-mafira,
y6t, reirardletw of tbe li's
-ted health nf others, tbere are those anions thorn
ho wul even periure tfemsiives, contradicting
ifjiMns mercury to tbPir patients, or that it is cor-
-ued n their nostrums, so taat the "usual fee"
may be obtained for professedly caring, or tbe
lol!r,"' "fraction or it, may be obtained for
ne nostrum. It is tenstnat many are deceived,
ao, and uselessly upend larg-e amounts for exper
lneaC3 wu.n unaetcery,
DR. L. DIX'8
cnarsres are very moderate. Communications
acre.'ily confidential, and all may rely on bio
with the strictest senresy and confidence, what
ever may be the dineane, condition or situation ot
tuv one, married orsimrie,
M.diciue sent by mail or express to all parts of
the United states.
AU letters requiring advice must contain oat
dollar to insure an answer,
Address Or. ti. Dix, N. 21 Endicott street,
Boston, mass.
B-Mrton. 171. feb9deodWiyf.
I
X THE LADIKS.
The celebrated DR. L. DIX particularly invites
all ladiea who need a medical or surgical adviser,
to cai Jit cts rooms, 21 Endicott street, Boston,
Hasa which tbey will find arranged for their
special accommodation.
DR. DIX haviny devoted over twenty years to
this particulrr branch of the treatment of all dis
eases peculiar to rerosle,lt is bow conceded by all
(tKtb in this country and in Europe), that he ex
oels all other known practitioners in the safe.
peedy and effectual treatment of all female cor
plaints.
His medicines are prepared with toe express
purpose ot removing au aiseaaas, such as aebuity,
weakness, annatnral suppressions, enlargements
of the womb, also all discharge which flow from a
norMd state of tbe blood. The Doctor la now
fully prepared to treat tn his peculiar style, both
medically and sunrically, all diseases of the female
sex, and they are respectfully invited te call at
No. 21 Ewbioott Htbii, Rosmn,
All letters requiring advice most contain one
dollar to insure an answer. feb8d3aw&wlyr,
Boston. ls7l. I yr.
NATIONAL CHORUS BOOK
JUST PUBLISHED.
Contains a fine selee'ion ftfrCra'xjrio and Oper
atic Choruses, and a choice selection, ot new Qieee,
Quartette, o.
It is similar in det-igi to the well-known Cho
rus Wreath. Commended to Musical Societies,
onveutions and Choir
Sent post-paid on receipt of rttatl priosC
OLIVER DITSo'n; CO., Boston.
C. U. DITBvN CO.,New Yerk.
mar21datarmonwtf
ANCHOR LINE STEAMERS
ail, every Wednesday and Batnrday, to and
from NEW YORK AND OLAHOOW,
Calling at Londonderry lo laad Hails and Pas
senger. The fteamers of this favorite line art
built expressly for the Atlantic Passenger Trade,
and fitted ap in every respect with all the mod
ern improvements calculated to insure the safety,
comtoitand convenience of passengers.
PaaSASB Satis, Patabls IX CCHBEMOT,
TO GLASGOW, LIVERPOOL AND LON
DONDERRY. First cabin, f i and $75. according to location,
Cabin return tickets, 130, securing best aceom
Dod turns. Intermediate, $3H. Nteerage, 28.
Parties sending for their friends in the Old
Country ran purchase tickets at reduced rates.
For further particulars apply to Henderson
RpXbera, 7 Bowling Green, N. Y.. or to 8. W.
ROW ELL, National Bank of Rutland, Rutland,
Vermont. octl2datw3moa
TH5 MOST THOROUGHLY
1 PRACTICAL WEHMER. It hems circu
lar, hollow or straight edges and overseams, aod
is eaniiy managed. It may be attacked to any
machine, for sale by
K.I MESRIAM.
OFFICE OF
FISK HATCH,
BANKERS FINANCIAL AGENTS
or TH
CHEHAIEA.KE AND OHIO RA1LHOAD
COMPANY,
Nj. S Nassau Street, New York.
Tbe rail are bing la;d on the Western Divis
ion nf 100 miles of tv-e Extension of this
GRKAT EA1T AND WET TKUNK L1NF,
which in a short time will fee re tdy ftnr general
travel and trafHe, and for the transportation of
Kanawha e 1 to the "h'o River for the Western
markets.
1 be ernngs f tbe Ea-teta Division of 227
miles a a 1 ical road, swattiig the completion of
tbe Mid l'e Division of 100 miles, wilt reach, ih's
year, nearly I 8i0,0h0.
The to'al emt of the ent re rod, ani the large
equ'pment required tor its mineral and thiough
tram', will be fully $30,'0.csw.
The toUl am tunt of tbe FIRST MORTGAGE
BOXiiS, which we are now selling, is Fifteen
Mill'on l ollars, of which only about Foxr Mil
liors remain uns ld, the proceeds of which, with
the e-u-h on band, will be ample for the comple
tion of the -n'ire ltne.
The inducements they offrr to investors are
A perfect security.
Great, popularity and a high pri.-e when the
roid is fii is- ed.
The aame rat; cf interest a Five-Tweule.,
Pniic-pnl nl interest b ith payable ia United
Stat-e gold colu in New York city.
Their present low pric- (9 1 and accrued Inter
est from Nov. 1),' which is about I'O per cent. le
than Five-tenties, with equal certainty of pay
ment of intf-reit and principal.
We recommend them to ur friends and cus
toTners wi' h the same cot fllen"e with wMsh we
have always recommended the United Kta'e
Government and tbe Central Pacific Bonds.
We continue to buy aud sell Central Pacific
Bonds at the market piie, and fully expect tbey
will, in time, reach the price of Five-twenty
Bonds. They are dealt in at all tbe princi.a)
money-centres of tbe world the Company have
none lefr, and can issue no mora, on their Main
Line, as the amount was firei by act of Con
gress at f 25 8$5,oOO the property pledged to se
cure the b indbolders is
WORTH r ULLY ONE HUNDRED MIL
LIONS
the net ie---e:pts of the road f.r the year will be
nearly t hie times tbe interest pay ments thereon
Tre ni"stpeke and Ohio Bunds are issued in
$!0;i, 500, fl,0 0; either coupon or registered
ititeri-st, tix per cent gold, ray able January and
July, in New York city.
We buy and sell Five-twenties, Tn-Fortifs,
Eighty -Ones, and Central or W.t-irn Pacifies, or
rtcieve them in payment for Chesapeake and
Ohio Busrfs at their current mart et price.
Orders for Chesapeake and Ohio Boid, accom
panied with Drafts or Checks, may be forwarded
to us by mil Bonds or money may be furward-
ei by any respectable Express Company at our
expense, and the Chesapeake and Ohio Bond?,
in exchange, will be sent by return Express,
oharges pid,
D posit accounts of banks, backers aod othtrs
received, on which we allow interest at the rate
of four per cent, per annum. Checks drawn on
us are payable on presentation, without notice.
tbe ssme as at a N' at! oral Bank.
Oniflcite of Dero-dt, bearirg interest at spe9
iil fates to be agreed u pep, a ill be issued to Sav
ing!) Bank, Institutions, Trustees of Estates,
and others having sums of money awaiting In
vestment. Orders far Investment Stocks and Bonds exe
auted at the Sb-ck Fx' hiDga. Gevermmeot se
curities bought and sold, as usual, at current
maiket ra ts.
FiSX b HATCH.
Uabvet Fikk.
A. S. Hatch. &ov41eodw2m
1871.
ALL KINDS OF HILL
MACHINERY.
Furnished at
BJJNNINGTON MACHINE WOE KB,
Head of Pleasant Street,
BENNINGTON, VERMONT.
Including Steam Engines and Boilers.
Letfel's Double Turbine Water Wheels, aim
ns Kourneyruu Turbine Water Wheel, 4 ft
diameter, having S1 0 square inches area of opeb-
ing to buctets; ana several Tyler water Wheels.
4 SETS MARBLE SAWING MACHINERY.
Consisting of 4 Merriman's Patent Feed Worki
from latest improved pattern,., having feed ad
justable when running, reveixible pulleys tt
raisu.g gang, by power from crank shaft direct
the screws and nuts well fitted, and thorough!)
built in every part. For a small additioii Ut prior
a bronze nut will be furnished, by which compen
sation can be made for the wear of the nut or
the teed screws, therby preventing the gang fron.
jumping.
Price cf feed work, complete with plain'nut, ex
clusive oi Patent fee. each f I S.
4 ST8 CRANK SHAFTS,
with crank wheels, balance whee's. pulleys. boxe
tiirbtner and everything pertaining to trie nus
Frame, for either single or dounie utuu, anr
ill include line rbatt and driving pulleys ti re-
Qiiired. The shafting finished throughout, tht
boxes babbitted, ana unnnunea suriaces wei
painted.
Price per pound finished weight. 7 cents,
4 SETS HEAD BLOCKS,
6 feet to 6), feet long. Price per pound finished
weight, 4 Cents.
Also several
CIRCULAR SAW MILL8.
With "Lane's Patent" set works. Friction feed
and gig movements. Strongly and thorough i
built, warranted equal in style and elfctivene
to any mills made in the country. Prices from
$300 to (450 without saws. Will furnish an?
ityleof saw required, at lowest rates, also the
belting to drive the mills.
I have also the'machinery for a set of
GUNPOWDER MILLS,
adaptd to cither sporting or blasting powder
I will sell Marb.e Machinery or other Machine
ry Castings of like character, from patterns I
desirable style, and made of a superior quality ot
Pig-iron for 4 cents per pound.
And will furnirh any Steam Engines and
Boilers er Water Wheel, together with all other
neeeeeary machinery connected therewith, and
will put tbe same in successful operation in any
part of the country.
Will undertake the onstruction of any kind of
MARBLE MILL,
PAPER MILL,
GUNPOWDER MILL,
GRIST MILL,
Ob SAW MILL.
In anv nart of the conntrr. and will make all sur
veys, plans and estimates, and furnish every
thing, including buildings if required, and put
the same is auooessful operation for a specified
sum.-
Can furnish at short notice all kinds of
QUARRYING APPAEATU8,
Including Derricks, operated by band or power.
Improved horse-power Winches for Derricks,
Cars, etc.
An extensive assortment of patterns Mir Gear
ing. Pulleys, and general Mill work to be found
at Una establishment.
Parties in want of anything in Una of If ill
Maehinerv. either at present er coming year can
save money, by addressing, "The Bennington
Machine Woras,"
OLIN SCGTT, Proprietor. -Bennington,
VL. MayI22, 1871.
deoSAwty
WHITNEY'S N EATS FOOT
HARNESS SOAP. STEAM BEFINED.
..VlT(lll. Rlaeba fnliaha a nit HiaMW
at tbe same time. Pat np in Urge
and small size boxes, also in s id.
h.ra Hu twB in nsa for year-.
and gives perfect satts'aetioa. bend
ei stamp lor our w a eko m
dress O. t. WHITNEY w-
oet23dftSm 59 Milk street, Boston. Mart
B. H. BURT
Ofiets
1.000 yarda COCHECO PRINTS, at 10.
Ifion yards DRESS GOOOi, In remnants, 1 to
12 yards. Bargains.
1.000 yards WAT t R-PBOO F, 5 cants to 1.7i.
AU olors.
SCO yards BOYS' CASSIMFBE, SO cents to L2i
SCO yards TABLE UN EN, i7X to W aenta.
200 Dczrx
1ADIEV, GENrs AND OHlLDRIH'i
BHInTJ AND D ft A WEB 1.
75 cento to III 00.
200 FELT 8KIETP,
El.gant colors. f2 00 ts f5 00
BLACK BILK VELVET.
f 7,11, IS, 16, IS.
BLACK HILK8.
$1.55. l.IO to 4 W.
VELVETEEV, nil color".
75.. fl 09 1.12, l.TJ,
BLACK GOODS,
The Lirye?t Stock tn Yermoi-t.
P. H. BURT.
Nov. Sd, IHT1.
EMPKK8H CI OTH3 in all color, firm snd
nce for suits, at 61 cents.
r-RKNCH MERINO, 71c, very much below
value
BUACK Al PACA, at 37c.,rwoHh 50e.
BLACK 8ATINE, Tie worth 1.00.
1,000 r;airs DOLLAR KID GLOVES.
B. H P.
yyiLsoN
NEW UNDERFEED
Shuttle Sewing Machine?.
eJ
W
O
m
ftt
a
SIMPLE, DURABLE AND RE
LIABLE. Mors important and essential elements em
bodied In this celebrated Machine than any oth
er in the world. Does erery variety of work.
It s mechanism is unexcelled. Certificate of war
ranty for five years farnished by the manufac
turers with each Machine, secured by a half mil
lion dollars.
Inducements offered worthy th cartful eoa
sideration of capitalists.
Send for circulars and sample sewing.
AGENTS WANTED in unoccupied territory
R. J. BELLAMY CO., Genl Ag'u,
932 Washington Street, BOSTON,
ceptiwdeodatwlmos
RUBBERS, RUBBERS.
late rte, I can sell lower than any other house In
Vermont.
Men's Fnbker Boots, $S.J0
Boy's Rubner Boots, J. 00
Women's A relics, 'l .U
Men's Airtics, 3.09
Women's Rubbers, S
"i sea Rubbers. 45
Men s Robber Shoes, (J
Men's D. Sole and Tap Boots, 4 00
Vij s D. Sole and Tap Beots, So
Youth's D. Sole and Tap Thick Boots, 3.19
AUotber kinds of
BOOTS AND SHOES
At equally as low prices.
Every one raying Boots or Shoes can aavs
money by buying at
No. 6 Merchant Row,
ost2dsrs Rutland, Vt
YILLISTON'S
NEW AND UNEQUALXD
SIX CORD
Tbade Q S J Mam.
Combed Sea Xalaad
SPOOL TORE AD.
THE BEST COTTON FOR HAND AND
MACHINE SEWING.
A full line of this excellent Thread on Spools
of 2l yards, for sa'e by
KINSMAN R09i MIS8 R. MOWER. Rut
land.
Aiao, by ARMSTRONG BBO Castletoo.
novlideod2w3e
ELASTIC SPONGE
MATTBE38ES,
PILLOW-,
PEW CUSHIONS,
CAR AND CARRIAOE CUSHIONS.
SPONGE by the BALE or PODND.
We invite the public to call and examine enr
'Elastic Suonse" a-ooda. which we are bow sell.
ing in large quantities, and which are givior
great sasl scion.
riponge makes a softer mattress than Hair, aad
wilt botd IU elasticity moch loayer. For Cn.h
outny Cburcbes. Halle, Teeaireav r-team mad
Horse Cars, it will be f.-and the beat article la
use, and Is warranted proof aa-ainst moth.
we should be pleased te seed circular of refer
ence te any who desire.
HALKY, MORSE CO.,
So'e Agents for N. JC. SUtee,
411 WA8HINQTON fcTREET, BtSTON.
nov;dA4r
MARIO Nfi
U. S. "Watch Co. (GiJes, Walea Co.)
WATCHES
Beet in the world. Ask your Jew slier to see them.
FOR SALE BY ell FIRST-CLASS DEALERS.
Wholmaxi Rocks,
GILES, WALES CO., It Maiden Lane, N. Y.
nov7dw4w.
JJIOHKR EDUCATION.
UELMUTH COLLEGE
Board aad TurUaa pea- annaa, (216.
HELMUTH LALIE8' COLLEOK
Inaugurated by O. U. H. Pnwee Arthur. Board
and Tuition per annuaa, (23b.
ri i Li i w T r, i
1 uiuos per annum, eus, rnsavst a aw
Vei
mrfof Partieuiars apply to Mater Kvana, Lata.
v erv mi. a. wwiai n. as.a
Rev. 1. BeUmnth, D.D., Dama of Huron.
eon, Canada Wast.
septlOdstwly
iiTHB SILVEB TONGUE.1-
-a. At t.fl,amillftBt.