FIRST GO
ADLER'S.
BEST ASSORTMENT,
LOWEST PRICES.
Ribbons, Ladles' Hats,
Guipure Laoo, Flowers,
Volvots, Flumes,
Velvotinos, Lace Collars,
Satins, Embroidorloa,
Cordod Satins, Corsets,
Fringes, Furs,
Q. r. Velvet Ribbons,
Silk Embroid. Braids,
"STAR" ALPACCA ltUAIDS,
ADLER'S.
novl8 1
\rOTICB 0F1DIB80LUTI0N OF
L> I'AItTNBRSinP.?TIioI'.#rjncr?blp here
tofore filming between baiuuei 11. urwt
William R. Pan 11, under tliu drmnameof UKKBlt
I'AULL, ?u dissolved br mnlnal.consent on
ttiu lHtli of December, Irtl, WiUUm It. Paull retiring.
The hnslnff* will be continued at tho old
stand, No 5 WnihluL'tan Wall, by 8. II. Greer.
All |K!r*ons having claims against tho late Arm
will present them for settlement, and parties
knowing themselves Indebted will please mako
early payment.
8. D. GRBBR,
dec'/! HM. H. PAULL.
ftfaSntdtytmcr.
KDNE81UY, DKUt 1871s
Traveler's Resistor.
arrival o> tiuuis.
B. A O.K. K V5fi| 8:00 A. 11:80m 'ft:*)
Contrnl Ohio Dlv. b: iftj 11: <0 a. m.| 6:50i\m 10:48
Cleveland PlttA 111:07 a.m.I 1:40
Hompflsld H. R... Q:0a| 6:50r.n
A.M. A.M. P.M. P.M.
B.Ilimoro A Ohio 5:50 lft:*! 4:50 10:45
Oonlral Ohio Dlv 7:u0 11:40 1:*0a.m 4:10
Cleveland APltu 6:05 1:10 m
Uompduld 7:10 5:85
Wheeling Umo.

New Advertisements*
Wanted?Situation as Book-keeper.
Aetna Fire and Marine Ins. Co.
Tender Loin, Sausage Meat, &o.
Folding Bed Lounges.
Wanted?A Good Nurse Oirl.
For Hunt?A Good Business House.
Notice?Wheeling Hinge Co.
Ladies' Watches?Oxtoby Duflleld.
Wheeling iSi Tuscarawas Valley Hailway
Company.
tiered Memories of the Iioly Land.
For Additional I.ocel ire riml l'sne.
Nkw ykak'sCai.mno or Visiting Curds
for 1872?all the nobby ;styles?something
new for Wheeling; several varieties, neat,
tasty and elegant. Call end seo samples
nt IntkMjIornckh )pficb,
15 Qttincy Street.
Hrinii Hkt.?The curh-slnnoon llio cast
niile nf Markit sired, from John In the
lirlilge, was being set yesterday.

iuisbu.?Tho towboat Monitor which
wasHunk just below llio bridge nt Hellaire
last week, has l>ccn raised and is now lying
in a safe harbor.
Municipal Court.?This court met
yesterday morning and afier remaining in
session a lew minutes adiourned until 10}
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Auain Continued.?'Tho examination
ol John McGannon, charged with assaulting
a boy named Hrannon, was to hnvo
been held yesterday, by Judge Johnston,
pursuant to |>ost|)oncmeut a few days
since, but circumstances compelled another
continuance. Tho investigation is
to come off January 2d.

O. U. A. M.?Hoger Sherman Council
No. 1, 0. U. A. 31., held an election for
officers to serve during tho ensuing term.
The following were chosen: John W.
jHurris,.ir. i'. u; v. i>. Aunms, u; nr. J.
Adams, V. C.; J. A. Kyle, H. 8.; Brook
Adams, A. It. 8.; Louis Hull, P. 8.;
I'umphrey, Treas.; Henry Albright, Conductor;
George Mercer, Warden; William
Hull, I. 8.; Frank Welsgerber, O. B.; J.
T. Cowl, 0.1). Adams and Frank Welsgerber,
Trustees.
8knt to Jam,.?Ksquire Rammer committed
a man to jail, last Sunday, for entering
a Iioubo on Main itrcct, Centre
Wheeling, and demanding money. The
name of tlio party could not bo ascertained.
We were told that lio went into
tbo bonne, and when lila demand for
money was not compiled with, ho assaulted
the person (a woman) with n
heavy canc he had with him. Blie Bought
salety in tlight, and, fortunately lor her,
constable Freeso happened to pass that
way just at tbo time, in company with
Ksq'r K. The latter ordered the officer
to arrest tbo man and lodge him In
Jail. He is Btlll In prison, nnd tbus far has
baffled all attempts of Mr. Kennedy to
ascertain his name.
Max Kim,mi at AI.tasiort.?On
Christmas day a man named Anthony
Gnagle, got on the 8L Louis Express
bound East, at Oakland. When the conductor
canio through tlio train, Unagle
Informed him that be wished to get olf at
Altamont. The conductor remarked that
the train did not stop there, and passed
on, thinking no more of the matter. When
the train reached that point It was running
full thirty miles an hour. Gnagle
attempted to step oil on the platform and
was hurled with great force somo distance
from the track, killing him Instantly. No
hlaino could bo attached to the conductor
ns ho had notified the unlortunato man
that lie conld not got of] at tlmt |?ilnt.
Kl.ttCTioN ok Omt'Riia.?The following
oftlccra lor Wheeling Commamlery
No. 1, were elected at a meeting held
last Monday evening: 0.8. Iiong, Km.
Com.; KephartH 1). Walker, (Irncrallsainyv,
Wm. A. Wilson, Captain (lencral;
Win. P. Wilson, Prelate; Wm. II. Irwin,
I(reorder; Elijah Day, Treasurer.
An election waa held tho same evening
In Franklin 1/xlgo No. :i, 1.0.0. F., lor
officer*, and reunited an follows: .lames
Dyson, N. (I; William Taylor, V. O.;
W. 1'. McKelvcy, Secretary; Tlioa. Moorhead,
Treasurer; ,1. E. (leorgr, Chaplain.
Excelsior Lodgo No. 10,1. 0. I\, at
a meeting held last evening, elected OM.
McCnlley, N. 0.; C. M. Ilanc, V. <1; II
A. Knapp, Secretary Wm. II. Chapman,
Treasurer; W. H Tlppott, Chaplain.
LuTUKlUUf SlSjUY School AxmyiW'
baby.?Tho ninlli Christmas anniversary
of tlic English Lutheran Sunday School
was celebrated at Washington Hull oji
Christmas night. As wus anticipated, a
very large audience assembled?there being
probably as many people in the hull as
were ever before seen there at oue time, no
I matter what the attraction, and far more
than at uny time since the remodeling of
the hall. Tho main hall was full, landing-room
even being scarce, uu?l the gallery
was also well tilled ami upon the
stage were about three hundred and lifty
teachers uad scholars seated upon seats
running up like stcjw nearly to the high
cciliug. As the curtain arose and the
sight ol go many children, with banners
unturltftl, presenting a truly beautiful
scene, burst upon the audience, cheer upon
cheer went up, showing how happily
surprised the spectators were. Tho opening
hymn, "Hallelujah," was sung with
fervor und in a manner that brought
forth more applause. Prayer was then
offered by Freddie Knapp, a former member
ol the school, but uow a student of
Gettysburg Seminary, where ho is studying
for the ministry. After more singing
aud an acrostic by the lutant class,
a beautiful concert exercise was announced.
As each class was called, some
member carnc forward with a beautiful
banner, on which was inscribed a Scripture
motto, aud an appropriate passage or
passages of Scripture repcatod. The banners
were, indeed, beautiful, but we will
not mention any particular ones as being
belter thau others, for all were certainly
deserving of great praise. This exercise
was received in a happy mannor by the
audience, and was often interrupted by
deafening applause. After tho concert
exercise many beautiful pieces were sung
by the school, und several solos and du{ctts
by different members, all of which
were well renuereu ana rccciveutue
Christmas Curat unit Solos," by Misses
X^ucy, Vnlirlinj? ami Ellio M. Morrison boiug
particularly benhtiful.
Ilev. 'Ilarnitz then announced tbo reception
of letters ot congratulation from
the following persons: W. II. Horatman,
ltev. Dr. Conrad, Miss Ida Kltzmlller,
Mrs. M. Newkirk, Geo. II. Stuart and W.
J. Miller, ot Philadelphia Jno. Oratf, o|
I'ittslmrgli; Chus. Markcll, J. L. Rice and
Sam'l, Appoldjof Baltimore) Saai'l. Binalluy,
of York, I'a.; and Jn?. Wanamaker, of
Philadelphia. Mr. liarnitzannounced that
the year past had been, comparatively, a
year of rest for the school, and they bad
only raised the trilling sum of $500; but
they promised, for 1873, fOOO. Wo must
not forget to mention that tbo ball was
beautifully lighted by two bcnd-iiglits,
loaned by the II. O. It. 11., which wore
placed In the gallery. Tho energetic and
loved Superintendent ol the school, Mr.
IU. W. Stonar, was not able to take any
active interest in tho performance of
Monday evening, owing to n slight Indisposition,
butho will no doubt soon be able
to resume his acciMtoincd plaeo.
Malaiia Guai'kh, California I'cars,
Havana Oranges, Lemons, Almonds,Nuts,
Haisins, English Crackers, and a large
stork of French and Common Candies,
lor side cheap at Clitis. It. lleblcr's, 111)
Market street.
Ministub Cancu?Ilev. T. II. Hughes,
pastor ol the North Street M. If. Church,
was canal, Christmas morning. Tho
young ladles In class No.? of tho Sunday
School connected with that church, concluded
to present Mr. II. n token of their
esteem, and for that purposo purchased a
splendid ebony, gold headed enno. On
tbo morning named, at un' Interval in the
cxcrciRCB held in the* sohool room, Miss
Tenia Forbes', daughter or Donald Forbes,
Ksq, advanced nnd spoke as follows:
lino. IIuoiiKH?I havo l>ecn requested
by class No. 0 to present to you, n token
of our regard and lasting friendship, as
our leaderhnd a faithful Minister ot tho
Gospel of Christ. In our selection wo
have endeavored to procure that which
in years to come may keep us ever fresh
in your memory. ou havo been to us as
a good Shepherd, watching over our littlo
Hock, which was placed nnder your
charge, tiabbath alter Babbath, lor
three long years. You Imvo guided
and instructed us in tho paths of virtue
mid truth, for which we now roturn our
sincere thanks. May tho Great bhepherd
prolong your life both to the church and
to your family. I now present you this
cane; may itsupgort you in your declining
years, until tho Master shall call you
home. Then we trust you will bo able
to lean on tho rod and stall' ol Jehovah.
May your life bo a continued scene of
pleasure, unalloyed by any caro of earth,
enjoying the sweet intluenco ot religion.
Live ana dio for immortality.
To this, Kev. Mr. Hughes brielly and
appropriately responded. Tho episode
was aj pleasing one, and passed olF very
satisfactorily. Mr. II. has filled bis prer
cut station almost threo years, and is held
in high esteem both as a minister and a
citizen. Ho enjoys tho cntiro confidence
of tho community, and his removal from
his present field ol labor will be regretted.
Under tho discipline of the M. E. Church
a minister cannot remain longer in one
station than three consccutlvc years.
Gnp.af reduction in Boots and Bhoes At
Ii. V. Blond's, 107 Main street
1'omob Court.?At Monday morning's
session of tho Police Court, tho following
cases wero disposed of:
Vrank Leisure, disorderly, ono dollar
anil costs; Henry Hankcy, snme, dismissed
ntcosUo! tliocity; Win. Thomas,
same, dismissed on payment of the costs;
John BchelT, shooting within the corporation,
continued until to-morrow morning.
Yesterday morning, Frank Dcihlc, Tor
disorderly conduct, was lined twenty doltars
and costs?sent up for .thirty days-,
William Utiiman, same, ono dollar and
costs; Henry I'emborton, same, five dollars
and finis: llobert (Iray, nine, (ire
dollars and costs; Joslina Miller, same,
ten dollars and custs; Mrs. Clark, mine,
flvo dollars and costs; same, breaking
I glass, ten dollars and costs?collection
'inspcndcd; Wm. Ambrccht, drunk, one
dollar and costs; Frederick Forman, disorderly,
ten dollars and costs; Edward
Harris and John Snyder, same charge,
continued nntil this morning; John flchell
continued from Monday morning, was
again continued. It will probably lie
heard at to day's session.

Tiib hrgest iwioftmont of Conlecllonorira
ovt-r reccivotl, ftlOluu. II. Kehlrr'fl
Christinas Times in tt|C POHF'to Ward
S(:bool<
If there ia anything which Wheeling
lias a right to be proud of, it is oar excellent
system of free public schools. Like
all human institutions, however, it is capable
i if improvement; hut we question
much if any city on this continent gives
to its rising generation an education sulierior
to our own. The schools may he
likened to a university, or a collection ol
colleges, under one general government.
There are some eight or nino schools scattered
iu tha different wards of the city.
Koch one is managed by three resident
ComTuissloners, one principal and a corps
of lady teachers. All arc governed by
the same laws, rules anil regulations. All
use the same text books and impart the
same studies. All aro graded alike, so
that any room in one school is a perfect
counterpart of tho corresponding room in
any of the other schools; and all the teach
era uiu huujotiuu iu iuu duiuu tabimiw
tion lor tho department in which their
duties are to be discharged, and they
must be worthy and well <iualifled. The
whole are under tho admirable super*
vision ol Mr. F. S. Williams, who has
spent about thirty-live years as a successful
Educator, is hlmselt a ripe scholar,
thoroughly acquainted with the best systems
of instruction in the world, and
brings the kuowledge derived Irom long
experience and extensive study to meet
the requirements of the age.
Amongst tho various school houses oi
tho city?and many ol them are very lino
ones, the new school building in the
Fourth Ward is, beyond all doubt, tho
most beautiful and Imposing. Most of
our readers aro already awaro of this;
and as its architectural character and elegant
proportions have beou already described
in these columns, any further
remarks aro unnecessary.
With this introduction, wn proceed to
give some account of the closing exercises,
last Friday altornoon. 'Squire
Launder, tho popular and polite commissioner
of the Fourth Ward, conducted our
reporter through tho various juris of the
building, lie was at great paina to explain
tho heating furnaces and flues, and
every modem improvement lor ventilation
and comfort. Ascending from room
to room, wo find all things in perlect order,
and manifestations of Joy and happiness
in tho face ol overy pupil and teacher.
After visiting each room in succession,
highly delighted with tho various departments,
we inspected tho library and laboratory.
Thenco wo pass into tho Grammar
School, which is under the personal
supervision 01 i. u. mine, Mi|r, me
principal,- and Miss Anderson, the sun*
ior und accomplished lady teacher. Mr.
Tuttle is a llvo tcochcr, truly wide awake,
full of energy and lilu. From thu ru?trum
ho delivered a very neat closing addraw
to his pupils, congratulating them
on their general good conduct and prollcioncy.
Notwithstanding the prevalancc of
a contagious disease In tho neighborhood,
every department lias prospered. Ami
now wishing each a happy new year he
would bring his remarks to a close by
giving them l/i?nick.\ Alias Anderson now
appeared carrying some mysterious burden,
and unloldlng the sane^tol^ach
pupil was presented with ainiTof cSndies
and other good things. Some other rewards'were
likewise given and all departed
with exuboront joy. While this
was going on In thu Grammar school, tho
pupils ol Miss Annio Ewlng prescntod her
with a handsomo gift as it token ol their
high regard. In another room tho pupils
of Miss Dillon Bang several pieces with
pleasing elFeCt. In all the rooms every
pupil was presented by his or her toucher
with n sack of candies. One room hud a
candy whistle in ouch Back, which' tho
boys proceeded to experiment on, and
produced a sound like the scream of a
dozen locomotives. Every teacher, from
Mr.|Tuttlo to the youngest onoin tho building,
was thu recipient ol somo favor from
tho pupils. As tho youngsters departed,
each llttlo girl took leavo of her teacher
with an allcctionato kiss, and a joyful
tenr might bo dotcctcd in tho teachers'oyo.
The last Bcholar having departed, visitors
and teachers repaired to the Grammar
room, wlicro the organ, under the
skilled lingers of Miss Dillon and Miss
Downs, was made to discourse some excellent
music. Thcnco all were invited
to the "Olllce"?Mr. Tuttlii's sanctum.
On opening the door what a sight proBented
Itself! A largo and beautiful cake,
whose dimensions resembled a little
mountain, with crackcrs, candies, cream,
poaches and nuts ail infinitum, filled the
table. To this feast ol reason all Bat
down, and did ample justice to the good
things which Mr. Tultlo had so abundantly
provided. This part of the programme
though not in the bills, was us succcsslul
as any of the othors.
There an ten lady teachers in this
school, and a more cfllclent staff of teachers
no principal ever could boast of. One
thing deeply Impressed tho visitors?the
ardent love and conlidenco subsisting between
every teacher and tho pupils of her
room. That tho "schoolmaster is abroad"
Is evident if wo contrast tho modern accomplished
teacher with those who nourished
In Uoldsmith's time, as tio thus doscribes
him:
"There In lila noisy manalon, nklllctl to mid,'
Tho tlllftRe master taught hli little Mhool;
I knew him well and orerr trnant know:
Well hlil tho boding Iremblora learned to trace
The dayi dlaaatera In hla morning face
Full well they lauglt'd with counterfeited glee,
At all hlsjokea, for manyn Joke had ho;
Kull well the huay whlaper circling ronnd
I'onveycd the dlimal titling! when he frowti'd,
In arguing, too, the paraon own'd hla aklll
For e'en though rainiaiahed he could argue lllll."
Ncurly 01)0 pupils arc on tho class hooks
ul this Institution, but tho builtllng Is capable
ol accomodating 800, as many aa
will probably bo wanted for years to
come. In conclusion, wo regard the
Fourth Ward Bchool as a perfect success,
snd wo beilcTO tho work it has accomplished
during tho year now closing, rollects
credit allko upon Commissioners,
Superintendent, Principal and lady
toachers.
Another SncecM Tor the Fire- Kialnftilaherln
rittabnmh.
Okkick I*a. Sai.t Manvfact'no Co.
No. 20 Wood Btiirrt,
Prrrsntinon, Pa., Dec. 8,1871.)
Mtrni. Ueorgc T. Oirler <f: Co., llcneritf
Agent*:
Gkhtlemrn?At a Arc which occurred
yesterday 111 n building adjoining us, III
tlila cltv, wo used a Flro Extlnirulslicr
that had been standing in our ofllco (or
over a year, and extinguished the (Ire Instantly.
The flrcoccurrcdin a place very
difficult to get at without the me of a
machine of tula kind. This accident has
strengthened our opinion (based on previous
experience) that It would bo foolish
to expose our property to oxira danger by
bclnR without Fire-Extinguishers.
Yours truly,
Cmpfomi Pp.Miip.nTOH, Gen. Agt.
ltKMRMHRIl, every $5.00 worth of goods
purchased Irom John ltocmcr As Co. soctircs
the purchaser a chance In a ffiO
Slmwl or a $50 set ol Furs.

A t.Atum stock of Fruit Cakes, Mountain,
1'crnnd, Marble and I.ndy Cakes, for
sale cheap, at Clias. 11. Itehler's.
Joiin IIokmkii k On. are determined
not to bo undersold.
Card of Tktulu.
CliKVHLAND PlTTSllUUUH it R. Co., I
lliUDUKroiiT Dec. 33,1871.
To thu KUlturd ut tlio liiUlllgimcur:
Wo take this method oi returning
thanks to our employer?Mr. Millou ilcConnaugliy,
the well-known triuisler ugeut
of the C. ifc 1*. U. li. Company?lor the
handsome Christmas presents received
Iruiu him, one or which wu a large and
elegantly bound Bible, worth ten dollars.
Thu1 other presents were in bard cash,
equally distributed among his teamsters,
and given as freelv as the sunshine on
Christmas day. We are a hard-listed,
hard-headed set oC fellows, but there la a
little solt place under our vests, and we
wriau uui uui|Jiujrct bu nuun ?u l?u
predate a generous act.
Hesiiccllully,
W. TBUKMAM,
IioiutiiT Doak,
John Com,
Scott Poutku,
Gkohuk Johnston,
Sauuki. Oautkh.
Bpy ok tub Siibn&ndoau.?The great
military ilrauia entitled "Wincheater, or
tiiu Hpy ol' tint Shenandoah" waa performed
lor thu tint time In thin cily at
Washington Hall last night, belore a far
larger audience than hi usual on "first
nights." We think it too soon to give a
general resume ot the characters, as it
usually takes a night or two tor a play of
this kind to get to running smoothly. Tho
"Spy," however, went olf about as glibly
as any similar entertainment we ever attended.
Tho characters are all well taken,
HUlUU U[ II1USMJIUU?>HCU uy ?YllCtJllIJg jx*'"
plo bejng fully up to thosu by tliu prolesBlonals.
By Itonight Ibo whole performance
will ruh very smoothly ami we
fool confident will give belter satisfaction
to tbe audienco than unythlug ol the kind
ever before witnessed la this city. The
performance last night lasted uutil near
eleven o'clock, but we feel sale in saying
that it will hereafter close by ten o'clock,
A great drawback last night was the
ubominablo gag, which early in tbe evening
was about equal to "dips." To-night
we aro assured that tho hall will be well
lighted by some oilier arrangement
I'i.kabant Occasion.?Tlie appeal
made to our citizens one morning last
week lor supplies to give the children at
the Home a Christmas dinner,was promptly
and generously respondeiMo, so that
by noon of that day a really elegant ro
past was spread for the little onesNearly
all the laily manager! and gentlemen
directors were present, and were delighted
to sco the waifs under their charge
enjoy themselves so highly. Hovs. liarnit/,
and Tonguo mado brief addresses.
Each child was presented with a gill of
candy or toys, taken from the bouglis of
n beautiful Christinas tree. Tho sllair
passed nlf very pleasantly, nnd will not
soon bo lorgolten by the inmates ol the
Home." _
As NK.vr Monday is the first of January
tho drawing for the thrco grand prizesone
$100 set of Hussian Mink Fnrx, ono
50 set mid u *50 Paisley Ixmg Bhawl?
wlll tako placo on Saturday evening of
this week. All those not having u chance
flltrilllil full inimixlSnlnltr nnd unnnrn n
handsome New V ear's uresent of .lolin
Koomer Co., Nua. ill and 3 3 Main
struct, Centre Wheeling.
$.'150 lurgo.sl/.o 7 octavj Pianos, with
stool anil eover, new anil fully warranted,
lor salo at Bhcib'g Music Btqre at abovo
pricc on the Hontiug Plan.

Toiucco anh Cioahb?if yon want
tlio cliolcof t brands of chowing and smoking
tobaccos j the moat fragrant Havana
cigars, or tlio best stogies; tlio latest styles
of pipes, from tho finest meerschaum to
tlio common clay; every variety of smoker's
goods, call at 0. P. Mayer it llro.'s,
Market street, third door below the McLure
House. Tho celebrated "(loldon
Pleece"and "Homily" braniis of flno cnt,
always on hand. Tho magnificent moorSchkum
now being voted for at Bt. Alpbonsus'
Pair was purchased at tills establishment.
Closino out saios of Hoots and Bhoea.
From now, 1 am selling out my ontira
stock of Hoots tnd Blioes nt cost. L. V.
Blond, 107 Main street.
Bohbtiiino Nbw.?II you wish to sec
tho bett fitting, largest assortment, and
something now In tho way of Undershiris
and Drawers, call on J. T. Lakln Co.
They will suit you In price ns woll as In
tho goods.
No more "crowding out}" ovorbody
can bo waited on to-day at tho Partridge
Gallery.
The great demand for those wonderful
goods of Japanese manufacture, now for
sale at Paull fs Orr'b, still continues, and
they havo this day received direct from
the importer tho third lot this seaaon. Oo
early and get your cholcc. They have
also on hand games, puzzles and Taney
alleles In endless variety, besides hooks
for persons of all ages, and tho largest
stock of desks, pockotbooks, gold pens
and pencils ever brought to this eity.
Iicmembcr tho place, Paull Orr'B, 00
Market street.

Chris. Hkss, morchant taUor, corner
Main and Qulncy streets, solicits tho attention
of gentlemen to his fall and winter
stock ol ready made clothing, consisting
of cloths, cassimeres, vesllngs, all now,
and comprising ovary stylo popular at the
East. With a superior stock, a first-class
cutter, and tho bost workmen obtainable,
I can guarantee my work, and that my
prices will bo satisfactory. 0. Heps,
corner mnm ami ijinncy street*.
ie<
Her Porcelain miniatures at the Partridge
(Inllcry.
SunsTmrota m tiir Dbntal IUints
fire not desirable j therefore, keep Hie natural
teeth sound and piiro with that
wholesomo vegetable elixir, fynalmt. I)o
tlila, ami the; will last as long na the
lireath laala, and tho breath Itaelf will
never lie tainted. 2tnw.

Iiwif-Pno?nwJ?i'i-C,iU?ATA.-th4 thrr* be?t
Tonlea, ?klllfBllynnd elegantly combined in in
amber colored cordial, bean tl folly transparent to
tho eye, pleaaant to the t*ate, acceptable to thn
stomach, In Ctawcll, Hazard A Co'a FerroPhowphorated
Rllxerof Callaaya Hark.
ltach plntconUlnaone onncoof Royal Oallaaya
I Bark, and each teaapoonfnl rontalna one Rraln of
Iron, Bamplea ftarnlahed fire to the proferolon.
GA8WRLL, HAZARD A CO.,
Sole Mannfactnrora, New York.
Bold by nil Drnjrolet*. mj*l-We8?-dAw
DRY C<
L
FOR ONI
A Cheap Counter of
SILKS, LACE
For the Hoi

Id order to give every onoa chanctfto bay %lie
a Kreat reduction la Dry Uoode, fbr this week i>ul
Dry Goods lino, will and at
HENRY I
piia riXXUT AND BH3T SKLBV
Fouson'a and Bonnu'a flno French Black Bilks i
JMm Bro'a real Irish 1'opllna reduced frtuu $:l (Ml
Silk and Wool KpliiL'llnea ruduccd from $1 75 Ui
Flno Mink Kara will bo told tbU week lower llu
Lock they must be aold.
Flno l'aialey Hhawl* reduced from $40 00 to $201
Vino I'aialey Bhawle reduced from $30 00 to $13
llaudsoiuo double faro and doublo warp lllack 4
10,000 Luc* Collara and Uandkcrcblofe inuat bo
All beat Calico U yarda for $100 tbla week
Call early, aa tboao prices aro for tbia week oul
fT ICBUBMUKK THAT T11B $375 00 FBI!
WHttK. Bo secure yoJr chaucua and buy )?|t I)
HI
declO
Chr istm;
jew]
EVERY DESORIPTK
?A
Wm. H. Henn
NO. 104 MAJ
For the HolidaysA
LAUGH VARIETY I
_dcc8 WM. H. HEI
TO THE BUYIN
8EOONIJ
Winter Dress Goods of Ne
All Wool Hatinca, French Mnrlnofl, all Wool
IMalU I'opllim. My ltlark Alpacas at MX, 45, 60,'
CI.OAKINU.M llliu k ARlrttrtiau (,'lotli, Tipped I
KI.ANNKL8-Plain ami I'lalila.
DOM KSTIC'H, IIUtfMK KOJtNlrtllINU (J00D8,
I
DRUCI
Purest, Whitest, I
McLain's Bal
Bo jirouonnrfd by all v
Oil ALLENQ-ES
i ii
With all otliora for making Light and Wholcaor
Hold hyUrocora gonuially
dotIO PROPRIETORS OF McLA W8 I
Boots Shooo.
El ?TABLI8IIKD IN 1 8 3 7.
1871. Fall and Winter 1872.
C. D. KNOX CO.,
(HucccMora to M'ClolUn ft; Rnoi)
ii
MANUFACTURERS AND JOBDBRH OF
Boots andShoes
N0.65-M4IN ST.,
cpH Wheeling, W. Va.
Educational.
-^y-K8T VIHOINIA UNIVKH8ITV.
1871-72.
The last Cstalogns shows an attendance of 171
Btadents it this Inctitatlon. Flro distinct Do
purtmentsof Instruction, with a fall corps of
cwmpcwm rroicinorB,
The Ant lent and Modern Language^ Mathematlca,
pure and applied: Psychology. Bthlci,
Political Economy, Logic, Rhetoric, tho Sciences,
Ac.. Ac., earefttlly and thoronghly tanghL Practical
L'hetalstry, and Phyilrs, Illustrated by appropriate
apparatus. Bpeclal advantages for tho
stndy of Geology.
A good Library. Ixtenslre Cabinet! of Mineralogy,
Geology and t'onchology; together with
nuay epoclmcns In other departments of Natural
History. Fine bnlldlnga; bcantlfnl and healthy
locatlontgood aoclety.
Fill Tan* begins September 6th. Winter
December Bth. Spring, March 10th. Commencement,
JnnefOth.
Boarding from $4 to f 4 per week.
Tuition. from $15 to $44per rear.
For farther particular*, Inquire of
ALRX. MARTIN, President.
J06 Morgantown, Weal Va.
K. B. WORTHEN,
DENTIST!
McLAIN'S BLOCK,
Monroe Htreet, between Main and Market,
IWigtl Wl!KRUNO. W VA
DOD8.
WEEK!
Fine Dress Goods!
i ANI) Fi lls.
idays Only!
>IWUy I'roaont for very II ttlo money, I have made
y. Any one wlaliliitf to purclmao u prmeut In the
DDIir c
0 ffm U b w 9
TIO.V oh' HOODS IX TUB CITY.
edureu one-lialf. Avthfi week only.
1 to fti 00, ouly (or UiIb week.
i$IOU.
in they will ever bo oflurett n^alo; bavlug a largo
oo.%
00.
kjpaccaii reduced from 75c to 45c.
old at any price.
IT.
2K SHAWL WILL UB UIVKN AWAY NHXT
ry Goods while thuy aru cheap.
SNRY SllTJKS,
I 14 Main Street.
is Trade!
EL R Y J
3N LATEST STYLES
T?
legen Co's,
l_N STREET.
-Ladies Watches,
IT 1'OPUfiAII PRICES.
NNECEN CO., Jewelers.
Gr COMMUNITY!
STOCK
iw and Desirable Shades.
M
Mourn, Hilk and Wool Valour*, Kmjironi Clotha,
Ifi ami MOc, *altl to 1?? tho ChcapeiH In tho city.
H<u*l Waterproof*, Heaver Cloths.
Ac.?Which 1 will offer at popular Prlcci.
J. H. SMITH,
ajt
Monroe Street.
SI8TS.
j r? i
jigmesL una mm

king Powder,
vlio liftvn usod It, and
COMPARISON
no Bread and Cikoi. Try It, and bo convinced.
llauufacturedonly by
McLAIN BROTHERS,
KtlKTA W.li C'A TIIA KTIO I.tVF.lt PILLS.
Druggists.
Auifpy thought
A Gontlomati wlRhlng to make Ills Mother
u Holiday rrunent, *ent bur a 10-pound cau of
LOGAN, LI8T A CO.'tJ
Excelsior BaKing Powder
Ho Ih in grateful momory In every Illncuit and
Batter Caku that *mokea In rragrant brown upon
tin; tea or breakfeat table. ''Go tbou and do
likewise."
TV/fOHE 1IAPPY THOUGHTS.
_LVL To riend your lady friend a bottto of
mux's ha sdkkrctiikf extra ct\
wniuiirn"wood violkt;%
nmiF.ua "imasq niiamr
All dclicato and. lantlng. No better perfume
mndo. For sale by LOGAN, LIST CO
Bridge Corner DrtiffKlat*._
PJA1U JUtUHIIEH?
The Fluent Assortment In the city, at
LOQAN, LIST A CO.'8.
T^OttttMlAN TOILET BETH,
Klegantand Cheap, at
deCM LOQAN, UBT ACO.'ri.
"jOTOBTV YEARS
HAD TKBTBD TUB VALUB OK
Dli. A. 8. TODD'S
mil
Anti-iJinous ana iiiver run.
ONC'B trPKI),
TllEY AliK NKVKll ABANDONED.
Used by thouwnd of persona In thlflClty And
Iclnlty with great satisfaction and success.
They have continually increased in favor, and
aro acknowledged by many to bo
TTltt JiKBt ttlli SOW IS VBR.
Por BIHonsness,
Uto Dr. A. 8. Todd's Pills.
Por Liver Complaint,
Use Dr. A. 8. Todd's Pill?.
Por Dyspepsia,
Uso Dr. A. 8. Todd's Pills,
*or Blck Headache, ft
Us* Dr. A. 8. Todd's Plllfl.
Por Disordered Stomach,
Uso Dr. A. 8. Todd's Pills.
Por Indigestion of Pood,
Uso Dr. A. 8. Todd's Pills.
Por Constipation of Bowels,
Use Dr. A. 8. Todd's Pills.
Por Palpitation of tho Ilcart,
Use Dr. A. 8. Todd's Plllfl.
Por Imparity of the Blood,
Uso Dr. A. 8. Todd's Pills.
Por Pains In the Head,
Use Dr. A. 8. Todd's Plllfl.
Por Pains in the Side.
Uso Dr. A. 8. Todd's Plllfl.
Por a Pamlly Medicine,
Uso Dr. A. 8. Todd's Pills.
IAUOHIjIN BROTHERS CO.,
I Proprietors,
i To whom address all orders.
Bold by Druggists and Dealers everywhoro.
oc7
rraSttLtt A HORNBHOOK,
Plumbers, Gas and Steam Filters
00 MAKKKT BTRERT.
Orders from tho conn try tttmtsd to a abort
oUea. apts.
Insurance.
'^[wRSPPj 3R m*1INSURANCE
COMPANY.
Financial Statement, Oot. 25,1871.
Cull ob band, in bonk,
aid la transit $286,084 48
llonds-l!. 8., State, City
County, war. val 390,073 34
ltallroad Honda, mar. val. 8,000
Collateral Loans 1)9,600
Accrued Interest 49,000
First Mortgages 697,19(1 S3
Bills Becelvable 9,847 tttt
llook Accounts, l'romilium
and Agency balances
38,0911150
Amount from Stockholders
by Assessment 600,000
ToUl Assets 92.OT8.148 40
Chicago Loasoa 8860,000
N. C. ARTHUR. Aeent.
OFFICE?l'KA BODY INBUBANCB COMPANY,
No. 100 MARKET ST.
novl7
National insurant -com
PANY of Whoehog,
Capital, $200,000
DIRBCTOM.
Geo. K. Wheat, John K. WUeon,
Jan. McCIuney, A. J. Clark,
Morgan L. Ott. Joa. F. Paull,
A. Vv. Campbell. Oco. Adaiue.
Thus. llornbrook,
(JBO. K. WHEAT, President.
JAB. MI.CLUNKY, YIco Prealdent.
JOUN I1I8UOP, Becrutary.
Ofllffl, M Market Street. oc!17
pKABODY INSURANCE COMPY
AT WHEELING, WMT VA.
CAPITAL, T" $125,000,
With tho privllcgo or lncrcaaing the same to
$fi00,000.
DiBioToai:
William Bailey, Alonao Lorlng,
Dr. Wm. J. butoa, A. M. Adama,
Andrew J. Pannoll, Jamus P. Barnes,
Ikiiry Stamm, Thomas Unghes.
A.J. Cecil,
This Company having been In nccesatol oporatlon
for nearly two yean Is prepared to take
rlnkaat (air ratos on B|lldlnga of all kinds. Merchaudlie,
Manufacturing Establishments, Paroltare,
titeamboata, and cargoes on tho Western
Kivera and Lakes, also to laeueperpotual pollclea
on Dwellings and Stores. Thu Company being
oompoBod mostly ol our leading busfneaa men,
rccoinineuda lUulf U> thofavurable consideration
of tho Insuring public, and solicits their patronage.
Applications for insurance will be promptly
attenued to at their offlco, DAILEY'tt BLOCK,
No. 10ft Market street.*
WILLIAM BAILEY, Prea't.
ALONZO LOKINQ, Vlco I'rca'l
N. C. AKTIIUIL Hec'y. u
W. 11. AUNKW; AWl Soc'y, janll
^BHT VA. LNBUItANCE COMFY
CAPITAL, $10fl,OOO.
Takes risks at tho lowest rates on Buildings o(
all kinds, Purnltnro, Household Goods, Morcluui
dleo sud Goods la Transit.
DIRKOTORK:
Jacob Hornbrook, Jacob M. Blckel,
llonry linrtman, Dr. J. 0. Hupp,
Jonathan llowley, Bdmund Hocking,
R. J. Bmyth, T. J. Camp?>ell,
J. 11. Brlstor, H. Prater.
Win. B. Odbert, H. B. Mcc'ulloch,
D. D. T. ParnHworth, Wm. B. Cnino,
David Blllmyer, JoHi-phfihWilda,
Wm. R. Wliite, N. Oof. Jr.
1.11. Hnval, D. H. K. DIx.
Win. B. Btovenson,
Ofllco, No. M'Luro 1 ouso Block, Wheeling,
West Vn.
JACOB nonNDROOK, Prrs't.
JACOB JK. llK'KUIi, Vico 1WI.
I. H, W1LLIAMH, Bocrotary. mrl
FIHK MARINE 1NBUKAN0B CO.
OP WUBBLINO.
INCOBPOBATKD IH 1881.
Takes risks at ths lowest rate* on Buildings ol
all kluds, Pnrnlture and Merchandise, and on
QoOds In Transit.
DiMcrrons:
A. Wllsoiu Wm. 8. GoBhoru,
Thomas 0*Brlen John Rold,
John Mairlne, Alex. Rogors,
X. J. Btono, Wm. A. Wilson.
Alfrod Caldwell,
Office up stairs In tho "Insnranco Ilnlldlng,"
noxt door to the Merchants' National Bank.
A. WILBON, Pres't.
JOHN RBID, Br., Vies Pres't.
T. C. MoAPBB, Bsc'y. ]an?
TJ1KANKLIN IN8UHANCK COMFY
D OP WHBBLINQ,
CAPITAL,?160.000.
dibmtom:
Bamuel McClollan, Georgo Mendel,
Geo. B. Caldwell, Tboe. P. Bhallcross,
G. W. FratiRhoim, J N. Vance.
J. II. Hobbs. Michael K0III7.
Loali 0. Stlfel,
Thli company now having boon organised Are
years, and In that time done a luccsssfnl business
fa still prepared to take rlaka at fair rates on
Buildings or all kinds. Merchandise, Manufacturing
Establishments, Furniture, Steamboats and
Cargoo* on the Western Hirers and Lakef. This
company ofl'er* iuperlor inducements to Farmors,
wherobj they can be Insured on Dwellings.
Furnltnro, Barns, and contents for 8 or B years at
redaccd rates. This being a Btate Company with
The Largest Cash Capitol Paid in,
And furplui of any company In the 8taU>; and
composed of tome nlnety-fonr stockholders, most
of wnom are among our best business men. recommends
itoelf to tho favorable cons I deration
of the Insuring public, and solicit* their patronago.
Applications for Insurance will be promptly
attended to at their Office, No. W Monroe St.,
or at tholr eevcral agcnces throughout the State.
BAMUi M'CLKLLAN, President.
OHO. MRNDBL, Vice President
C. M. CORN, Bec'y. 4
A. L. W1LBT, General Agent. foblQ
2EHTNA FIRR AND MARINE IN/fti
BUKANCB CO. OP WILRILING.
Capital, 8100,000.
DIBBOTOnS!
Wm. B. Simpson, Wm. C. Handlan,
John K. BotafbrZ, T. M. Dodsou,
Augustus Pollack, John L. Hobbe.
Jam es R. McCortnoy,
Thli Company hating been fully organ 1 ted, li
now,prepared to take naka upon
Buildings of all kinds, Merchandise, Manufacturing
Establishments, Furniture and
Cargoes of all kinds 011 tho
Western Waters.
Applications for Insurance will be promptly attended
to by the Secretary.
Office at tho National Barings Bank, No. I
MeLure House.
WM. B. BIMPBOR Pres't.
WM. C. HANDLAN, Vice Pres't.
J. R. MILIiRR, Bec'y. aprl4
"X^WANT supplied.
To supply a want folt for a real grnnlno good
article of Soap at a reasonable price, the nndersigned
Is now manufacturing such an article, as
II t<?*t if* who hara seen and used
The Favorite 8oap,
Mannfactnred by B. RBID, Wheeling, W. Va.
I claim that It cannot bo excelled, lit. In p"'.1" I
ty and qnallty; Id, In economy, beratiae i J
firm and hard at loon an made and will not wirlnt
when expoKcd to the atmoaphere, Ilka nioat
aoapa do. It will therefore wa?h bnlf an ninth
more an the aoapa now In market at Uio name
price; 3d. For perfection In waahlng. Yonmnst
waah with a pnre, clean aoap, or yon cannot hate
clean, vhlt? elothea. Vt* (A* FaroritiBoap and
yon will have no more tronble Retting yonr
clothci whlto and fanltleaa, and guarantee that
It will not Injnre the akin or the moat dcllcate
fabric#. 4th, I claim for It an advantage orer all
other* In that It will bear leafing In water fof 8
or 10 honra wlthont Injnrlng It. Other aoapa are
rendered uieloaa by forcrttlng them In the tab
or banln after nnlng. Tleane ennnlro o| ronr
grocer for the Favorite Boap, and yon will be
convinced that It In the beat.
OAtrfiaif.?Bach bar la atamped "Stlmf and
Mechanic? Farvritt /hap, manufactured by H.
Md. mteHnf. W. r?.'[
llannfurtnred and aold at wholeaale by
HOWARD RRfD, 1
Boap and Candle Maanfactnrcr.
angto WhMIIng, W. va.
Medical.
Ayer's
Cherry Pectoral,
For Disoaaoa or tho Throat and Lungs,
guch oh Cougha, Colds, Whoopiug
Cough, Bronchitis, Asthma,
and Consumption.
r Among the grent
discoveries of modern
foetus) remedy lor nil
disease* of the 1 bruit
other** cuuntrii-, has
control them. Tho testimony of our best citl
zeus, of all classes, establishes tho fact, that
Ciieuuy Pkctokai. will ana .loos reliuvc m,.l
euro tho atllicting disorders of Uio Throat m. I
Lungs boyuud any other medicine. The iwu>t
dangerous allectious of tho ruhuuuury Or^uiM
yield to its power; aud cases of (,'0iihuui|>tion,
cured by this preparation, arc pul.li.'
ly known, so romarkuble as hardly to
Iieved, were tlioy not proven beyond dispute
As u remedy it is adequate, on which thu public
may rely for full protection. By curing Coughs
the'forerunners of moro serious disease, it sate*
unuunibcrod liven, and an amount of lutlorin^
not to bo computed. It challenges trial, and emi
viuces tho most sceptical. Kvory familv sluml I
keep it on hand us a protection against tho enrl v
and unporcoived attack of Pulmonary All'octiui^,
which aro easily met ut llrst, but wliich beeoino
incurable, tuid too often fatal, if neglected. lender
lung* need this defence; ami it is unwi>e to
bo without it. As a safeguard to children, amid
tho distressing diseases which beset the Throat
and Chest of childhood, Ciikiiuy rectoiui.
is invaluable; for, by its timely use, miilli
tudoa are rescucd from premature gruvos, and
saved to tho love and ullectiou centred on tliein
It acts speedily and surely against ordinary colds,
securing sound and health-restoring sleep. N.?
one will aulfrr troublesome liitlunixn nnd painful
HronchitU, wheu they know how easily
they fan be cured.
Originally tho product of long, laboriou", and
successful chemical investigation, no cost or toil
is spared' in making every bottle in tho utmost
possible perfection. It may bo confidently re
lied upon as possessing all the virtues it has over
c.*hihit<u|, and capublo of nroducing euros at
tnuuiorublo as tho greatest it uas over effected.
PUEPAHED UV
Dr. i. C. AYER CO., Lowell, Mass.,
Practical npil Analytical Chemists,
BOLD BY ALL DRUUGI8TH EVKHVW11KUR.
fta rrst
j^^?^jjvegn*ble sicilian
hair
Every, your increases the |io|iiil:irity
ot'tiiiH valuable Hair Preparation;
which is ilue to merit alone. We
can assure our old patrons that it is
kept fully Up to its high standard;
anil it is the only reliable anil perfected
preparation for restoring Oit.vv
on faiikn iiaiic to its youthful color,
making it wilt, lustrous, anil silken.
The scalp, by its use, becomes white
ami clean. It removes all eruptions
and dandruff, and, by its tonic properties,
prevents the hair from falling
out, as it stimulates and nourishes
the hair-glands, lly its use, the hair
grows thicker anil stronger. In
baldness, it restores the capillary
glands to their normal vigor, and
will create a new growth, except iu
extreme old age. It is the most cciV
mimical hair dukksinii ever used,
as it requires fewer applications,
and gives the hair a Hpleinlid, glossy
appearance. A, A. Hayes, At.I).,
State Assayerof Massachusetts, says,
"The constituents are pure,and carefully
selected fiir excellent ouality;
anil I consider it the Hkst i'kki'Akatio.v
for its intended purposes."
Sohl li/ nil Dniffolllti, mi it Ihiibrl I'll ifriltcliltl.
Prioo Ono Dollar.
Buckingham's Dyo.
FOB THE -WHISKERS.
As our Reimwcr in ninny iws
requires tpo long time, ami too
mum care,, to restore, gray iir failed,
Whiskers, wo have ]ir?']iniiil this
dyo, in one preparation; which will
miickly nnil effectually accomplish
this result. It is easily nmilied,
and produces a color which will
neither rul> nor wash off, Sold by
nil Druggists. Price Filly Cents.
Manufactured by R. P. HALL, CO.,
NASHUA, y.li.
Attorneys at Law.
WM. r. ICUilD. HUl L. Hl.'RIAUD
-yy- I'. L. HUB1JAHD,
ATT0HNEY8 AT I,AW,
Ofllco on Fonnrlh ftroct, ono door ??utli el
Conrt IIouho, up lUlrn.
Jnnl4 WnBRMNtJ, W. VA.
DAX L rics. II. COWMAN.
pECK A COCHRAN,
ATTORNEYS AT I,AW,
Ofllco on Fourth Ht., 3d door 8. of (Julucjr,
mil WllKBUNO. W. VA.
BINJ. RTANTON. O. W. B, AI.IJSOM
gTANTON ALLISON,
ATTUKJNJUXS AX LAW,
WIIKBLINO, W*HT VA.
WIH practice In tho BUto and Federal Court*.
Odlco on Fourth itroot, eut aide, Aral
loor north of Monroo. oci
K It I 0 A N
Artificial Stone Works,
WM. KRAU8E A CO.,
PHILADELPHIA,
Manufacturer! of tho Durable and Beautiful
Artificial Pavomont,
For Roiil,, RMrwilk" mil Undnmlki,
lo atone Ili?pj?ln)f, t'"l coita from 19 to 7ft per
ront lend. Floor* for Iro Hotm-fl, Brewrrf<*,
Kitchen*. Cellar4. Ac. Floor Tile* for Btnrra,
Hotel*, Hall#, a variety of Colore. House
Fronts, and ?v*ll? eorercd In any color atone.
Cemetery Bnrloeurei. Vase*, Monuments, Btep*,
Window P"'". Door 8111a, Ac.
OMtfc Market street, In namllton'l new
block. .'J'poalte City Bank, wlirre a specimen of
tbn /.tvcmentcAn l>e seen.
rrderiforanyof tlio above received by
.TAB. HAMILTON,
,r,lp? General Agent for Weal va.
|jo(JToH WHITTIbir
i 896 Pm Rtroet, Plttibargk, Pi.,
longer located In Pittsburgh than any Chronic
Dl*c&*e Phyalelan, aoBuccowfully tre*ta Vencr
eal Dlaea?w, Nervona Debility, Impoteney. a?>
Ito bring patlenta from every State. till howd
tal opportunities, a life-time experience, with
ureal drugl prepared In the establishment,
area cues given up by others, no matter who
Milled 5 tell your private tronhle. CotiBiilMtlon
free, fiend two atampa for medlral rswjs
I Manhood. Womanhood, pent by mall, If
etf. each, both for *5 cent*, 100 pdgea. All thai
Itho curious, douhtfol, or Inqulilllvo wish nfl
know, all about Self-PolntloTi. Prevention, Mar I
rlage. Every ynnng man and woman rmi'hl
read It an a warning. Thenervont, dehllliateiil
or partially Impotent are flcleflttflcally ad*ls< if J^rnar7(Uw^
_ I
Go.MIIKN CJIERflk?100 IIOXBB I
prime (loehen Cheese. ,lnit reealrcil and
or safe by
novll M. MILL?.