COLUMBIA. OT
1 I 1 l J
Friday ?crningr, November 17,1871.
Vro?c?xHFigB of City Council. ic
We refer oar citizens to the offl?ial
proceedings of tho City Oounoil aa fur?
nished by the City Clerk. We would
have been pleased to. nave had a fall re?
port of tho debutes of this body. A? it
is, we mast content ourselves with auoh
reports as the Clerk chooses to publish.
That he does not publish everything, is
evident* from the fact that he has never
yet published that secret and illegal
issue of 9250,000 seven per cent, oity
bonds.
Now, to review: First, with respect to
Alderman Wigg's financial arrangement
with Dr. Neagle. It seems that we have
caused that little plan to be modified.
The note given to Dr. Neagle is extend?
ed to 4th Marou, 1872, and che $250,000
seven per cent, bonds aro placed for safe?
keeping in the hands of W. B. Qnliok,
Cashier of the Carolina National Bank.
Well, it is better toi Major Galick to
hold the bag. Ho far/ so well. Thus, in
case No. 1 Alderman Wigg end Dr.
Neagle place themselves ander Major
Guliok'B coat tail. There let them rest.
Bab what about the secret and illegal
issue of $250,000 seven per cont, bonds?
Alderman Wallace, in all the simplicity
of aldermanio nature, throws maoh light
upon this subject. In good time he tells
ns that the Legislature will legalize the
illegal issue! Thus the charge made by
na is sustained. The City Council do an
illegal aot, and then wait for the Legisla?
ture,T iegaiizo itl And neither Alder?
man Wallace, nor any other member of
the Council, eau see anything wrong in
this gross abuso of offioial trust!
Now, let as come to the second sub?
ject-thu contract awards. It seems that
here, too, wo have accomplished some?
thing. For a long time, the Council
tried to ignore this investigation. Now
they propose to have one, and for this
work the City Attorney has in association
with him Alderman Denny and Alder?
man Goodwyn, odored. This, too, is
an advance. We take it for what it is
worth.
That pare" and wise Alderman, Sam.'
B. Thompson, who is supposed to have
blown his brains through a brasa instru?
ment long since, offers the resolution to
investigate, and makes a speech apon
the occasion. There has been a "great
howl in a certain newspaper about inves?
tigation," he says, and let it come. "We
want the truth," he says, and we agree
with the Alderman. They want it badly.
"We are going to have it," he adds.
We hope so. It is a good thing to have.
Now let Thompson go.
Alderman Wigg next rises. He is
glad-perfootly delighted-to have the
investigation. He wants to pat every Al?
derman upon the reoord! Ah, Mr. Wigg,
you are all on the reoord. We have pat
yon there, and yoa stand not least in
promineuce upon the record. This
Alderman bas also moah to say about "a
oertain newspaper"-they mean the
PHONIX-and eilis it the "Colombia
Thunderer." Blas it ever occurred to
the Alderman that thunder and light?
ning are connected together? If Alder?
man Wigg has heard the thunder to
his dismay, has he not also felt the
scorch of the lightning? Bat we leave
him whore he places himself-beneath
the protection of Messrs. Waring John?
son, not notioing farther his self-con?
demnatory and petty remarks. This
maob, however, we may add: That
Alderman Wigg will find the committee
of the Board of Trade and their attorneys
at all times ready to assist in the pro?
posed investigation.
As respects the action of the Oounoil
in relation to the fair grounds, we let
that matter rest for the present. The
State Agricultural and Mechanical So?
ciety can afford to be independent, know?
ing that the citizens of Colombia, with
or without municipal aid, will see that
Colombia shall continue to be the seat of
the annual fairs.
?s
"The Columbia PHONIX is asked to
state why the names of the Newberry
delegation to the railroad meeting, held
in Columbia on the 10th inst., were
omitted in ,he report of the proceedings,
as published by iii"-Newberry Herald.
The only reason we oan assign is, that
the convention did not recognize the
Newberry delegation as members, and
consequently they were not recorded in
the list of delegates.
The prayer which Horaoe (not Gree?
ley) attributes to one of his contempo?
raries might be adopted, without obange,
as the earnest orison of many of the
members of oar State Legislature. It
runs thus: "Grant that I may suooeed
in wearing a mask; that I may bo sup?
posed to be jost and good. Throw a
oload and darkness over my oheats and
frauds."

A "Panorama of the Chicago Fire" ia
already announced.
?The Na*-Yorjt. TPbrW, of Novembit
lt, Bay?: A
i Oona wrj POT. -The great reopen trad?
ed Republican hierarchy of Sooth Caro?
lina in ?one to pot; the Beeret of Mr.
Qrant'a ^sartsal law is*-ont; all that has
been said about Governor Scott's colos?
sal over-isaues of bonds is bnt tarts and
Cheese-cakes to that which is to come*
Oar news columns this morning present
a glad and yet sorrowful collection of
rumors of coming events in tho detec?
tion of a iraad greater than Tammany's,
the downfall of an operator mightier
than Tweed. One enormously rich car?
pet-bagger is now set down as rained;
a South Carolina national bank has been
obliged to suspend; failures in Wall
street among carpet-bag bond fanciers
are imminent, if not already accom?
plished facts. To end aa we have begun
the first lesson, the great reconstructed
Republican hierarchy of South Carolina
is gone to put. Gu vei ner Scott was ene
of Pauper-General Howard's bureau
men, that "Christian soldier" ia "in"
with Mr. Grant, and boneo the martial
law business in South Carolina. The
financial explosion was apprehended,
and the bayonet was to have stamped ex?
posure ont. Happily we'have been able
to speak, and from our intimation of a
poor $16,000,000 over-issue, upon the
3d of this month, the real figures have
day by day since been coming ont, until
now at least $28,500,000 are known to
have been printed; and. ander fear of
still farther developments the towering
fabric of carpet-bag finanoe totters to its
fall. Let no man who has read of Tam?
many fail to read of reconstructed South
Carolina; let nono who have followed
Tweed fail to see how Tweed dwindles
to a pigmy before Scott. Since "rings"
are in order, let the story of a greater
than the new State Houao spittoon and
wiadow-Bhado ring find careful atten?
tion. Oar news oolamns will be found
to tell the talc. Ia this part of our is?
sue let us touch on a few deductions
from.the facta.
The World next reviews its finanoial
exposures in their order, and calls atten?
tion to Governor Scott's flight from New
York to escape Wall street's demand for
explanations aa to his financiering;
Alluding to Governor Scott's denial of
the World's statements, the World ?aya:
"We would be happy to know what
denial this is which he repeats, having no
knowledge of any denial to be repeated.
The charge was of an over-issae. Ia hit
letter to Senator Scott he said the debt
in September was $9,500,000. In hit
card, published iu th ie paper, he admit?
ted that $13,580,000 had been issued. It
not this an over-issae? It may be said
not an over-issue cf $20.000,000. Ger
tain ly not, bat there are $4,000,000 over
issae, and tbe rest is not hard to find
In the samo card, admitting an issae o:
$13,580,000, be admits a preparation o!
$28,580,000, or that $15,000,000 in bondi
and stocka were still on hand. Why oe
hand, if not with intent to issue? Nt
man prints even a mere hand-bill, ant
much less an expeasive engraved bond,
to throw away. There have been printec
$28,580,000 against a debt of bu
$9,500.000. Here is aa excess o
$19,080,000-qaite near enough ti
$20,000,000 to establish the charge. O
these $28,580,000 there are $3,500,001
in sterling bonds. There were 86,00J,
000 of these authorized, despite evei
cadet-broker Whittem ore's pretest. Si
that, if not checked, Governor Scot
might have gone on to swell his priotei
$28,580,000 into $31,080,000. Truly ii
this greater than Tammany fraud dee|
speaks unto deep, and the end is no
yet."

No COUHT, AS UK UAL.-The regals
fall term of the Court of Common Plea
and General Sessions met on Monda'
last, Judge Melton present, and ad
jonrned at noon an Tuesday. Notbini
could be done. No jury. Throe gran
jurors und five petit jurors to begi
court with! The present law require
that tbe jory shall be drawn fifteen dav
before the sitting of court, and that tb
jury commissioner, clerk, sheriff, ohaii
man of the board of County commit
sioners, shall all be press?t at the draw
iog. At the late drawing for onr Dil
triot, however, two of these official
were absent-chose to bc absent, we ha?
no doubt-and, more than that, moat
the porsons drawn were never notified.
Judge Melton is to return to Edgefiel
on the 27th instant, to try oases (equi!
business, Seo.,) whioh do not require til
intervention of a jury.
In the meantime, the course of justit
is deliberately stayed by these Rad ici
County officials, and moah delay, e:
penBe,. confusion and distress must m
oesBarily ensue. If trouble exists in th
part of the country, at present, it is on!
such as is designedly and criminal
brought about by the Radical party.
[Edgqfleld Advertiser.
THE MILITARY AKBESTS.-Active opt
rations, by the military stationed her
have considerably subsided within tt
past two weeks, and the arrests which f
conspicuously marked the first days fo
lowing the President's proclamatioi
have diminished in numbers to an extei
quite gratifying. We learn that it
the intention of the authorities to ooo
money the examination of prisoners b
fore the United States Commissions
either the latter part of this week or tl
first of next.
Tbe following Hst embraces the nam
of those who have been arrested sim
oar last report: Samuel Blair, Jr., W. 1
Barnes, Dr. R R. Darwin,C. B. Blaato
S. H Rippy, R. M. Roark, A. E. Warre
Thoa. P. Black. W. R. Lowry, J. i
Robeson. G. S. Wright, J. S. Carroll,
E. Our roll. Of the above, Thos.
Blaok hos been released from confie
ment, and of the names heretofore pu
lisbed, the following have ulso been i
leased: W. W. Gaffney, A. W. Camp,
L. Parker and J. Pressley, negro.
1 [Yorkville Enquirer.
Proceedings of Council.
SBOUIiAB MKBTIKa.
CoUNOTIi OHAMBKB,
ir I CJonuioiA, S. O., NOT. 1?. 1871.
Council met st 7 P. SS. Present
His Honor the Mayor, John Alexander;
Aldermen Cooper, Denny, Goodwyn,
Hayne, Mi?or?, Mooney, SimonB, Smith.
Taylor, Thompson, Wallace and Wigg.
The minutes of the previous meeting
were read and o on firmed.
PBTnroNfl. ETC.
Petition of Misses. OVOallagban. for
use,. for school purposes, of building
formerly used aa. the Guard House.
On motion, refereed to Committee on
Schools?
Petition of George Hooper for per?
mission to erect a house ou lot belouging
to oity, at Pendleton and Lincoln streets,
he agreeing to pay tu xe a thereon.
pu motion of Alderman Minort, the
petition wus granted.
Petition of Messrs. Moore aud Net hers
for extension of water pipe on Pendle?
ton street, from Richardac:: tu Sumter
streets, and ereotiou of fire plug at
North-east corner of Sumterand Pendle?
ton streets.
AIHO, petition of Joseph Taylor for ex
tension of water pipe on Sumter from
Lady to Washington streets.
The petitions were considered, and
Alderman Wallace, Chairman Committee
on Water Works, stuted that there was
sufficient three inch pipe on hand.
On motion, the committee were in?
structed to have the work performed
The following accounts were presented
und referred to Committee on Aooonuts:
Cooper St Taylor, Alms House, Hospi?
tal, Street Department and Guard
House; Fagan Brothers, Alms House;
Agnew Sc Son, Sidney Park; Muyraut
Sc Howell, Street Department; J. M.
Allen,.Guard House; T. Crowley. Street
Department; H. Staunard, Street De?
partment; A. Lee, Market; C. Minort,
Street Department; W. Stieglitz, Guard
House.
REPOUT8, ETO.
Beport of City Treasurer and Clerk of
Market for October were presented, and
the former referred to Committee ou
Ways aud Menne, and the latter to Com?
mittee on Market.
The following report of Chief of Po
lioe, for October, was presented aud re?
ferred to Committee ou Guard House
and Police:
OFFICE CHIEF POJJOE.
COLUMBIA, S. C., October 31, 1871.
The following is the monthly report of
the Police Department foi the mouth oi
October, ending on the 31st October,
1871:
The total number of arrests made dur?
ing the month of October, for all gradee
of crime and offences committed within
the city limits, is 91, of which 79 were
males and 12 females-38 whites and 553
colored.
The following report shows the various
grades of crime and offences for which
persons were arrested and dealt witt
aooording to law, to wit:
Intoxication 37; disturbance 19; va
graney ll; burglary 1; using profane
langnage 7; interfering with police ot
duty 3; driving in brick druin 1; firing
pistol in street 2; petit larceny 7.
The following disposition was made o
persons arrested during the month o
October: 31 served their time on tin
streets at work, of which they worker
155 days; 9 were turned over to Tria
Justice, and 36 wore discharged by hi
Honor the Mayor.
The following statement shows tin
amount of lines collected from prisoner
arrested by the Police Department fo
the month of October, to wit: Tota
amount assessed $69.50; total arno un
collected 815.
In conclusion, I deem it but j ns tico t<
say that the police force have done thei
duty faithfully and effectually darin]
the past month.
JOHN A. JACKSON,
Chief Police.
Alderman Wigg, from Committee oi
Ways and Me?u<t, reported buok repot
of City Treasurer, for September, as exe
mined and found correct. Concurred in
Also, reported on petition of Mr. J
F. Beckham, by the following resolution
which waa adopted:
Whereas, in recognition of the sorvice
of Mr. J. F. Beckham us a gallant fire
man, and in consideration of the fae
that be lost a leg at tho fire at Gregg'
building; therefore,
Hesolved, That the Clerk be directe
to procure and furnish Mr. Beckham a
artificial leg.
Alderman Taylor, from Committee o
Alms House, submitted the following:
The Committee ou Alms House, t
whom waa referred the communicatio
of Dr. G. S. Trezevaut, relative to th
establishment of a geuerul hospita
would respectfully report that they hav
carefully examined the same, and at
convinced of the great importance c
the subject, and think that the plau enif,
gested by Dr. Trezuvant a most exce
lent ono. We recommend that a speen
committee of five be appointed by hi
Honor the Mayor to confer with Di
Trezevant, and to draw up the ueoessar
petition to the Legislature to obtain th
aid for establishing the hospital.
The report was adopted, and th
Mayor appointed as committee Aide
men Taylor, Thompson, Simons, Wulbu,
and Denny.
Aldermau Smith, from Committee o
Schools, reported buck the account c
I L. G. S. Middleton, und reoommeude
that the same be not puid, as the Pei
body fund was withdrawn before tb
present Oouucil were elected. Adoptee
Alderman Wallace submitted tho fo
lowing:
The committee to which were referre
the resolutions in relation to the los
obtained for the city, uud the bonds
the oity issued and hypothecated to HI
euro the payment of thu said loan, woul
respectfully report:
That they have oonforred with Dr.
L. Neagle aud agreed upon thu followiti
terms, which are submitted for thu coi
sideration of the Council: The two uoti
now held by Dr. Neagle-both of whic
fall doe ?boot the 1st December next
?ra to be replaced by a note for the total
amount-$75.000-Jailing due on the
4th March, 1872; said note to be dis?
counted at the rate of fifteen per cent,
per annum. The bonds of the city
which are to be hypothecated to seoure
the payment of this note, are to bo
{?laced in the possession of W. B. Qu
ick, oashier ot the Carolina National
Bank, to be held for the protection of
both parties. Ic ease of default of pay
'ment; the bonds may be sold by tho sstd.
W. B. Ouliok, after giving ten days no?
tice to the Mayor of the city of the time
and place of sals.
R. M. WALLACE,
S. B. THOMPSON,
CHAS. MIN ORT,
W. HUTSON WIGO.
Alderman Wallace said that the com?
mittee had, after a free und full discus?
sion, agreed to the terms ns referred to
in the report. In the minds of some, a
doubt exists ns to the authority to isbue
the bonds, and consequently thu com?
mittee declined to make demand for an
advance of more mouey on same coila
torai; but long bsforo thu maturity of
the note, the Legislature will legalize
the issue, and then all the money re?
quired will be furnished. The new noto
drawn by the cashier of the Carolina
National Bank he would uow present,
and wished it read tc Council by the
Clerk. (The note was read.)
On motion of Alderman Miuort, the
report was adopted, and the Mayor au?
thorized to execute the note.
Alderinun Thompson introduced the
following prenmble and resolution:
In deference to public opiuiou, and in
answer to the call of many tux payers of
the city of Columbia, as likewise in the
discharge of a high public trust
Resolved, by the Mayor und Aldermen
of the said city, in Council assembled,
That a committee, consisting of two
members of this body, be appointed by
his Honor the Mayor, who, with tho ad?
vice and assistance of tho City Attorney,
shall be charged with the duty of ex?
amining into tho facts and ci ron instances
attending the letting out of thc contracts
for tho erection of the City Hull uud
market, and to submit to this body, at
an early day, a report thereon, together
with all tho evidence which they may
be able to collect bearing on the ques?
tion of the good or bad faith of those
transactions, in every particular, in order
that the fairness of the said transactions
may be vindicated, or their unfairness,
if any exist, may be fully exposed, and
the integrity of this body defended
against assault.
Alderman Thompson said there has
been a great howl in a certain newspaper
about investigation, and he, for one, was
now determined to havo an investigation;
I that is, he would demand that the com?
mittee summons and swear all persons
connected with the contracts; the bid?
ders, and ALL persons who have berni
crying fraud, fraud, ring, ring. We
want the truth uud are goiug to have it.
Alderman Wigg said he was glad the
resolutions had been introduced; he wue
goiug to call for the yeas and nays, and
pat every Alderman ou the record. Ht
desired an investigation. Many windy
editorials had appeared in acertain news
paper, and such pet names us swiudlers,
aorruptionists, treasury rubbers, fraud,
villainy, Szo., &c., bud been hurled at tb it
Council through the editorial column;
of the "Columbia Thunderer.'* Per?
sonally, he cared not oue iota for itt
reference to himself. As Chairman ol
the Committee on City Hall, he wat
willing to stand behind such men at
Clark Waring and R. W. Johnson-met
who were acceptable members of a for?
mer Council. These two gentlcmot
made written bids. Will tho Board ol
Trade attempt to convict them of f ram
and corruption? The secret of all thii
hubbub is the desire of the opposition tc
make political capital for tho next cam
paige It is a political fight for the con
trol of the city; but he would say to hit
Democratic friends, they are rushing to
"Sudan," after having experienced t
"Waterloo" in April, 1870. He had tin
curiosity a few days ago to examine i
list of the members of tho Board o
Trade, and he would say that not ono o
those gentlemen voted for any mumbel
of this Council. He would state, that hi
wonld not be a candidate for Aldermut
again. He wanted the investigation, ai
he was ready to show that all his action
were based upon legal advioe.
Alderman Miuort thought it was i
farce about to be enacted. He had reut
a good deal in the newspapers, but hm
yet to see any specific charge made bi
anybody.
On the question of adopting the reso
lutions, Alderman Wigg culled for th?
yeas and nays, which were taken, nm
are as follows: Yeas 13; nays 0. Adopt
ed. Those voting in tho affirmativ?
were: His Honor the Mayor, and Alder
men Cooper, Donny, Goodwyn, Hayne
Miuort, Mooney, SimonH, Smith, Taylor
Thompson, Wallace and Wigg-13.
The Mayor appointed as committee tc
act with the City Attorney, Aldermei
Denny and Goodwyn.
Alderman Wallace introduced the fol
lowing resolutions, whioh wero imam
mously adopted
Resolved. By the Mayor and Aldermei
of tho oity of Colombia, That, iu iuHti
tuting a suit in thc courts for the recovo
ry of the title to tho property in this citj
known as the Fair Grounds, it is no1
their intention to abridge or interfer?
with the use and enjoyment of tho suit
grounds by the present Agricultural au?
Mechanical Society of South Carolina
or auy other society ?hui un?y suooeed il
Resolved, That tho action of thu Conn
oil in this matter is intended simply ti
protect the right of property in thu city
tn protect- the dignity of tho city govern
meut, uud to defend the city aguiust pas
as well an future un warrantable euorouoh
monta on the property and thc corporuti
powers of the city.
Resolved, That it is tho intention o
the present City Council, as soon us pro
per legal relations aro established bo
tween it and tho Agricultural and Mc
ohanioa) Society, to contribute liberally
in money to ita prosperity, and through
it to the general welfare of tho State and
of the eity particularly. _
Alderman Wallace submitted the fol?
lowing report, which, after the reading of
opinion? of Joseph D. Pope, Esq., and
F. W. Fickling, Esq., was adopted:
The committee appointed to superin?
tend the compilation and publication of
the laws and ordinances of the oily of
Columbia, would respectfully report that
they have considered the question of
compensation to the City Attorney for
clerical and professional labor performed
in connection with that work, and would
respectfully recommend the adoption of
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Oity Olerk and
Treasurer is hereby ordered and direoted
to pay to James' D. Tradewell, City At?
torney, $1,000, out of money of the city
cot otherwise appropriated, for profes?
sional services rendered in the compila?
tion and publication of the laws and or?
dinances, ?co., of the city of Columbia.
E. M. WALLACE.
S. B. THOMPSON.
W. HUTSON WIGG.
Alderman Wigg introduced the follow?
ing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the polioy of insurance
on the Howard School building be trans?
ferred to the Columbia Educational So?
ciety.
On motion ef Alderman Wigg, the
triul of B. F. Jackson, City Surveyor,
was postponed until next regular meet?
ing, owing to the unavoidable absence of
Mr. Jackson from the city.
Ou motion of Aldermau Minort, Coun?
cil udjourned.
WILLIAM J. ETTER,
_ City Clerk.
MAm STAGE ATTACKED AND PASSEN?
GERS MURDERED.-Tho Wyckonburg and
LUPMZ, Arizona, stage wus attacked a
few days ago by a band of fifty Apache
Mobaves, about ten miles from the form?
er pince. The driver, John Letz, other?
wise known as "Dutch John," and two
passengers with him on the box, were
killed ut the first fire. Inside were three
passengers, all of whom were killed.
Wm. Kruger and Miss Mollie Sheppard,
of Prescott, were wounded, but escaped
to tho ohaparel, and finally reached
Wyckonburg. The names of the passen?
gers killed are Frederick Shohalur, F.
W. Loriug, TJ. P. Solomon, P. W. Ha?
mel aud C. S. Adams. Loring and Ha?
mel were of Lieut. Wheeler's exploring
expedition. Adams was scalped. The
mails und baggage were plundered, and
report says the attaok was made by high?
waymen and not Indians.
THE INVISIBLE EMPIBB.-Under this
heading, spiced np with a few dashing
Bub-beads, the New York Times, of the
11th instant, has a letter from Columbia,
in which the writer gives, the report of
an interview with the Ku Klux. There
are certain traces about this confessing
Ku Klux, that enables ns to put our
finger on bim, and the readers of the
NeVYork Times will not relish the dish
that hos been served up to them so
nicely, when they learn that al' this in?
terview came out of the booas of the
jailor of the Eichland County jail. It
is, in fine, a re-hash of the confessions
prepared by Williams, the jailor, and
written by bim to the New York Tunes.
It looks nice in print, but is rather
transparent as an ingeniously construct?
ed a Hair. It is a success, and the Times
should make the most of it.
[Charleston Courier.
STRANGE THING IN CONNECTION WITH
THB GRANITEVILLB TROTJBTJES.-Six white
men and one negro have been arrested
in Graniteville, brought to this plaoe,
and here lodged in jail. Their arrest is
based upon extremely vague Buspioion,
so far as we oan learn, of their being
couneoted with the killing of the negro
girl who shot Mr. Brewer's child. The
white men ure Messrs. Brewer, William?
son, Owens, Arthurs, Ramsey and Bater,
The negro is named Hatcher. These
men are to be brought before Judge
Melton, this morning, (Wednesday,) on
a writ of habeas corpus, and will proba?
bly bo released on bail.
The strange thing about the matter is
this: That while seven men are arrested
on account of the negro girl, not n soul
is arrested on account of the beloved
and martyred yoong Turnor.
j Ed.jrf.eld Advertiser.
A Paris paper says that a gentleman
purchasing a number of photographs
purporting to be likenesses of some of
the female Communists now in custody
was surprised to find among them tho
portrait of bis mother in-law. Having
discovered the name of the photogra?
pher, the gentleman, accompanied by
two police agents, called upon him and
extracted from him an avowal that he
had availed himself of the negatives of
some of bis former patrons least remark?
able for personal attractions in order to
form a collection of portraits represent?
ing the inmates of the Versailles prisons
and the Brest hulks, the sale of which
had been extremely large.
HENRY BERRY Lo wit BY-The Raleigh
Carolinian is responsible for the follow?
ing:
This gallant Knight of the Bush re?
cently captured a freight train and com?
pelled the conductor to "carouse" with
him in a bar-room near at band. After
the spree was over, he allowed the train
to proceed unmolested, and all hands
unharmed, except the conductor, who
complained of being "drowsy" like.
MK. J. A. AiiVERS MISSING.-This gen?
tleman, who is the Uuited Stutes deputy
oolleotor of internal revenge at this
place, and Secretary of the Gera an Rifle
Club, disappeared on Saturday after?
noon, und tho strictest search nu the
part of his friends and relatives has thus
fur failed to establish his whereabouts.
[Charleston Courier.
Alexis was so young when his father
deolared emancipation, that there is a
talk of taking hun d.-wu to Long Branch
for tho sake of showing him a surf.
doo al .Xt oas? m
?TKKNIXUNA.-Tlio pfico of single
copies of the PH<EN?X ls five oenti'.
The PHOJNIX office ia supplied with all
necess&fy material for ae handsome car da,
bill heads, posters, pamphlets* hand-bills1,
circulars, and other printing'that may be
dea ir ed, as any office in the Sooth. Give
ns a call and teat oar work.
We issue a supplement with oar daily
of thia morning, to whian the attention;
of readers is invited.
We accidentally, in yesterday's issue,
recorded that the Wheeler Wilson
sewing machino was awarded the prize
at the fair, after a? minute's examination*
instead of a minute.
The frost was so thick, yesterday
morning,* IM td present the appearance of'
a minature snow-storm.
Mutual admiration-As the season of
parties approaches, boys begin to feel
gallant, and "gals" buoyant.
The Raleigh Curoiiniun ?omp??iss
that the Federal forces employed in
South Carolina have actually invaded
North Carolina, nnd arrested without
warrant one of its citizens, taking him
acrouB the line and incarcerating him in
a South Carolina dungeon. The Caro?
linian has yet to learn that North Caro
linia has no rights whioh Grant and his
soldiers are bound to respect.
"Assume a virtue if you have it nott"
is sound advice, and so on the Sunday
promenades a neat little prayer-book
takes the place of a cane as the vado
mecum of "ye young men of ye period."
"Hard to deal with"-An old pack of
cardB. i
Mrs. Shealy, an aged lady, r?sident of
Lexington, met with a s?v?re accident,
yesterday, by. the running away bf a pair
of horses attached to a wagon, in which
sh o waa being conveyed to her home..
Her shoulder was dislocated and her
head badly out and bruised. She was
carried into Mrs. StrattOn's boarding
house, where she received prompt atten?
tion from Dr. W. P. Geiger..
Reese Carroll have improvised a per?
fect tonsorial palace. Their new apart?
ments are located immediately North of
the Pollock House; and the, roughest
customer cornea forth with a face as
smooth as that of a yo nt g miss; and a
head as thoroughly titivated aa though
fairies had been manipulating the hairy
moss.
Oyster soup will be served at the Cot?
tage House, this morning, at ll o'clock.
The barber's duty is two-fold. He is
a brusher of whiskers and a whisker of
brashes.
One objection to living in the country
-You cannot go near a barn-yard with?
out having your ears assailed with "fowl
language."
A Boston clergyman lately spoke of
seeing a lady "with the pearl-drops of
affection hanging and glistening; on hex
cheek." He meant that she was crying.
SOOTH CABOIJINA CI?UB.-At a recent
meeting, the following gentlemen were
elected officers of this club: President
Wade Hampton, Jr., Columbia; Vice
Presidents-J. S. Heyward, Beaufort;
David Ho m ph ill, Chester; Paul Haskell,
Abbeville; W. D. Aiken, Winnsboro;
Treasurer-Wade H. Manning, Colum?
bia; Secret .ry-R. E. Ellison, Jr.,
Winnsboro.
Bnainess men and traders of Colombia,
look to your interest! There is a for?
tune for somebody tn th'e purchase of the
right for the Aderhold hoe in.this State.
The agent will be here only a few days
longer. For information, apply at this
office.
BiiUH RXDGE R&xz.ncAs.-Ai the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Blue
Ridge Railroad Company, convened at
the office of the company in this city,
yesterday, at 12 M., on motion of G. S.
Cameron, Esq., Gen. M. C. Butler was
called to the chair and W. H. D. Gail
lard, Secretary of the company, ap?
pointed to aot as secretary of the con?
vention. After the transaction of some
informal business, the convention ad?
journed to meet thia dsy, at 12 o'clock,
t hear reports of officers and electa new
Board of Directors. It is generally re?
gretted that Gen. J. W. Harrison (who
has occupied the position of President
for nearly five y sara) signified his inten?
tion to decline a re-election.
MAIL ARBAKOKMKMTS.-The Northern
mail opens at 8.00 P. M.; closes 7.15
A. M. Charleston day mail opens 4.00
P. M.; closes 6.00 A. M. Charleston
night mail opous 6.30 A. M. closes 6.00
P. M. Greenville mail opens 6.45 P.
M. closes 6.00 A. M. Western mail
open? 0.00 A. M.; closes 1.80 P. M. On
j Sunday office open from 8 to 4 P. M.
LIST OP NSW ADVBBTISSUBNTS.
HoHtetter's Stomach Bitters.
W. H. Orohard-Prise Piano.
D. C. Peixotto Son-Grapes.
C. Brill-Canary Birds.
Lost-A Poiuter Slut.
R. K. Scott-Proclamation.
E. H. Heinitsh-Tho New Departure.
F. J. Moses-State of South Carolina.
J. H. MoDevitt-Shoriffs Sale.