The Daily Intelligencer, y 4 A U The Weekly Intelligencer
""mt 20k* WkwiitMi 'SPf
IJM ,^9- TBUOUBWBUl!
threelaooUii, III!!!!!!!!!! 00 Alula Cod;, brouTtu. ta *d?UM,....l 110
IhiHinrxt h? fferrlorTfer >ak IS _ ill mflnlhj 101
ii 11 i i i i i Otoba of Tan IT!?!;'.! 1100
?sESSS==? V05UXZ. WHEELING, W. VA TUESDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 211871. NO. 77.
Throo months, In advantt, 1 00 Postmaster! aro roqueatcd to act as Agents.
For Rent.
pORnENT?
OSS STORK BOOM OX V.l/.V Sr..**
Occupied at preaent by C. Lidel, hair drewcr and
wig maker. For further particular* Inquire of
A. BCUWKHTFgUKH,
notn 110 Main itrwt.
TTIOR RENT.?THE 8PACIOCS W
X1 lat and ftd atory Warerooma aud Rig
cellar beneath, on the Kaat aide of Markut*?
atreet, and adjoining tho Grocery atoro of It. J.
Smyth, occupied at preaent by the Mcain. Hub
barda aa Komi tore warerooma. They have a
depth ot 110 feet and a front of 83 feet; the lower
atory front of which la filled with plate glaaa.
The location Is No. 1, and recommenda luaclf to
auy ouainaaa requiring inc apace liuacra. rv>aeaalon
Ue lit of April.
norie WM. PAXTON, 4th.itmt
FOR RENT.?TUB TnuBB^n
story Btoro House and Dwelling. on }|I
Main atrcut, dlroctly uppoaltu the Graut***>
llouae. aud atpreaent occupied by Wlnxeurled A
Hon, Watchmakcre and Jewelers. To a good
tenant, if dvalrod, tbu premises will be maturUN
Iral:cr?d and improved, ft* proximity to the
Grant llouae and suspension bridge make it a
commanding bualncaa atand. Posaeailou April
lat. Apply to.
novlp WM. PAXTON, 4U> itreot
For 8 ale.
A 1.1." A Ii I. K PHOI'EHTV FOIf
V BALK.?A lot of ground near Dawoy M
Vance's Mill, at head of Marshall alreot, 100 but
front by 971 deep with a largo brick Dwelling
lioitao of hall and 11 rooms. Also, a frame tenant
house. Will be sold on favorable terms to
doae an estate; by 8. L. GiJTHBBltT,
novlfl Iteal KstaU Agent. Monroe atreefc __
IT*LIZA~ JANE Z ANB, 8AMUEL
LJ BprlggZane, Cordelia Carr and Milton T.
Carr, Noah zane, Bophla Kuatoc and Alexander
Daniel C. List, Trnitco.
In Chancery, Circuit Court for Ohio county,
In purausnce of s decree of asid Court made
Id ihu ranae on tbo Wlh dsy of December, 1870,
1 will oiler for aale, on
KIIIDAY, the 1&th dsy of December, 1871,
at the front door of the Court Ilouae lor Ohio
county, Went Vs., conpicnclng st 10 o^lock a.
n the folloqkg eatstu, lying in the city of
Wheeling, on fflbWost side of Vain street, via:
The two valusbif stores now oosunlei by D.
A. Adler ik Co. snd by Peter 1. KMfand othors,
lyin<r between the bouaee occupied by Harbour
?t Dittman and M. Kline. Alio the property on
Mine aide of Main street now occupied by the
aiioe Htoro of Hichard Purtor, adjoining houae
owned by J. B. Bheppard.
Tkhmh or BALi-Oae-flfth of purchsse to be
paid in cash snd the balancoin one. two. three
and four yesrs from day of sale, with Interest,
notes with good socurltrto be given for the doit-rred
payment?, and deeda of truat, at the expcnae
of the purchaser, as further aocurity on
the property sold.
novifl DAN1KL 0. LIST, Truitee.
TTXEOUTORB' BALE OK REAL
UJ K8TATK
In purauance df the will of Martha Knox, deceased,
the undersigned will, ou
FRIDAY/ the 15th daj of Dec., 1871,
at the front door of tlio Court IIoubo for Ohio
count/, Wc*t Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
m sell tho following valuable property, lying on
the west side of Main atreet In the oit/of Wheeling,
lwlng lot Ro. two (I) and part of lot No. one
(1), hflng the lame now occupied b/ Harbour A
Dlttiiian, by (Jeorgo W.Kckhartand M. C.Hane,
aud by the dwelling house former!/ occupied b/
Mrs. Martha Knox In her Hfo time.
Tanas or Bali?One-fourth of tho purchase
mono/ to be paid In cash, or aa much more aa tho
purchasers may choose to pay; tho remainder In
four aunual payments, with Interest from da(o
payable M'tnl-annually. Negotiable notea to bo
glveu for the deferred Instalments, to be securod
I?y ueedi of trust and aatlafactory Insurenco on
property, at tbo oxpvnau of tho purcbaaor. I
JAM US P. ROGERS, i
I). C. LIST,
novU Kxccutorfl of Martha Knox, doc'd.
IT* XE0UT0R8' HALB 6F PERSONAL
PROPERTY.?All tbo Household and
Kitchen Kurnlturo belonging to tbo eatite ol
Mtrtha Knox, late of Ohio county, deceased, will
hoaold at public auction by the underalgtivd on
TUESDAY, November Slat, 1871,
At the lato rottdtnee of aaid Martha Knox on
Main itreot, abovo Union, beglunlng at 10
o'clock A. M.
Tarmaof aalo caab, D. 0. LIST,
JAB. P. ROGERS,
novlO Eiccutoraof Martha Knox, doc'd.
imOR BALE LOW AND ON EA.8Y
L' TRRMS?A flratclaaa Tannery, two atory
llrlck Uulldlng, Hfl feet by 01, with all tbamodern
Improvement* and In good running order.
Tho low price and location would make It
available for any o^her manufacturing pnrpoac.
A No a good Brink Dwelling Houao with 10
rootua and full lot, on Hampden atreet.
W. V. HOOK BRO.,
tiovl Market atrial, i
F)lt 8AXE?ONE OOOI) WARE- 1
ROOM on Monroe street 1
One comfortable Dwelling Ilonto on Monro?
street.
Two now Brlfik Dwelling HonWi on Qalncjr
street.
Una new llttlo Cottage on thofaland, on Broadway.
1. IRWIN,
<>cI5 RealJlatato Agent.
Jj WELLING IIOUBE
FOR SALE.
I oflvr for rale the houo In which I now rc-AMk
plilo, ffltuate on John atreet, a few doora Rill
east of Plfih, The boose la a aubstanthl JU1L
twoatory lirfck containing eight room*, health's
a bath room and kitchen, and a tlnlehed
attic, with a good cellar, hot and cold water in
liith-roomii. The houaola lu good order and
well lorated and In ev?rj way a dteUabla property,
being bnt a Utile o??? Pqnarefrota the
I'ont Ofllce. There Is aleoon tho premises a good
D.RIO K BTABtjfi,
sufficient for fonr horses, and a carriage hotine.
Anyone wlabIngto purchnaa can examlno tho 1
premises at any I lino.
'epttt JNO. F. McI)BRMOT._ 1
JRIiAND LOTS iWlt BALST
Hating sold all tho lota offered at'$300 each,
eierpttwo.Inowoffer ten lota Wonting on the
east aide of Bin and Cheatnat streets and extending
to tho rlrer. I'rlco from #300 to $1,000
each. Brairding to Hm and location. Termn, i
one fhirtft cash, residne In canal Installment* at
one, two and three yean.
JNO. I'. GILOHH1BT.
?n>^l At Top Mill.
K UT(TAN
Artificial Stone Works,
WM. KRAU8E A CO.,
rniLADEi.pmA,
Manufacturers of tho DnraMeand Boantlfal
Artifloial Pavement,
|*or Roadt, Sidewalk* andOardenwalka, eqnal 1
to Mono flaming, and costi from IS to 7J per
retit lfBs. Floors for Ico flonae*, Brcwrrle*,
Kltebrtip, Cellars, Ac. Floor Tilea for Store*, i
Hotfli, HtlU, Ac., In a variety of Colors. Ilonae
oats, and Walla covered In any rotor utone.
ttlra',pry Hneloearea, Vane*, Monument*, 8tep?,
Window SUM, Door HIIIm, *c.
Offlce on Market atroct, in Hamilton'* new
"lock, opposite City Bank, where a specimen of
P?*meniean be *wn.
Order* for any of tht nboto melred by
JAB. HAMILTON,
Oeneral Agent for Wwt Va.
uvkkiva" plomtfis barrels
J-' "None Better" choice spring wheat Floor.
Jontri^Wrt and for ??1eby
25 M. IIR ILLY.
Rio coffee-wo haofl prime
to choice nio Coffee. Jnit reeel?#d and
iut ?ale by
M. MILLT.
CHEESE.?88 IiOXF.8
oris ^0,t w!T^*MdR?r^!|t,:'
A Meritorious Aol Tardily Doae.
Driven by the force of an indignant
publio opinion the President has been
compelled to removo^Collector Mtiwuv,
of New Yorlc, the shoddy government
contractor and partner ot Twutu dt Co.
To un mutual humiliation a* far u possible,
Minriiv tenders a resignation
which is promptly accepted. This ia only
iaj ouvo u|i|taiuuix8. lb u iuuiutui
nonn the leat, and on* which /the.l'Rusi
dknt confesses he was .very reluctant to
make.
In his warm avowals of confidence in
Muitruv, III* Excellency does himself no
credit, for two things are so clearly proven
on MuiU'iiv, viz: his swindling of the
govepiment in army contraols, und his intimate
partnership with Tammany leaders
when pretending to bo a Republican, that
the Piucsidknt'b warm avowals of confl- i
deuce and sympathy will not meet any
corresponding feeling in the country. The
I'kkhiiiknt thereby does MuRi-ur no i
good whilo ho iqjures himself. Moreover, I
the country will not accept unreservedly j
the statements about Muhi'hy's manage-
ment ottlip custom hooser lor it to charg-
ed In IjTeV York^iot by Democrat* alone I
but by Republicans, that thcro has never
been more corruption about tho custom
bouse than under Murphy's rule. And
it Is more than hinted that bangers on
abqut.tho HxocuUvc Mansion have found
Muiu-hv's administration highly advantageous
to them.
It was high timo for tho purity of the
public servlco, as welt aa tor the credit of
the administration, that this tbe .first
office under tho government was put Into
cleaner hands, and it ought to .have been
done without apologizing for It.
If the President bad such unbounded
contldcnco in Mtmrnr aa he says, be
ought not to have removed him at all; but
the lact that he lets him go while professing
to esteem him so highly, only
shows bow really hollow thou professions
are; and in thus humiliating himselt in
order to lot Muupnr down easy, tho
I'ltrifiient appears to admit tbe force of
some obligation which a man In his station
ought not to owe to such a man as
Thomas Muitrnv of Now York.
Flak, Tammany, small-pox anil cholera,
were certainly evils enough for ono com-
munlty; but to these must now be added
the want of money, Tho public instruc- f
lion department Is In desperate straits for
fund* to keep open the public schools; tho
hoard ol appointments Is unable to grant
tho requests of tho charitablo institutions
which arc perishing lor lack of money;
and worse than all, the board ol health is
unable to continue Its precautionary measures
against the spread ol small-pox for t
tho same reason. c

Tiib report that tho KussIdd Grand f
Duke landed yesterday at New York and
proceeded to a liotol Is corrected by later
Information. IIo remains on ship-board I
until to-day. Probably ho did not like
to come ashore till MunriiY got out of
the custom house; which if trno would t
trglio that Ai.ttxis Is a gentleman of dis- t
crimination and taste.
Tweed a Partner in the National
Democratic Orson. t
From Bftttirdaj'a N. Y. Ban.
Wo learn from a trustworthy source c
that the William Marcy Tweed has ;sold c
Ills Interest In the Washington IWriol to i
JclTeries Co., for $7,000. The Patriot r
claims to be tho National Democratic f
organ. It Ir understood that Mr. Tweed's
lock in the concern coat hint $20,000. f

bRVRNTY-FIYB MUJUJSfli ltt ONE coun- j
rv in Tuiikb Yram.?Representatives
Bcofleld and Lansing, of the Hub-Committee
on Ku-KInx, which recently visited
Florida, returned to this city yesterday.
They report that while In Florida they
examined a large number of witnesses,
and thnt In Jackson county alone since
18G8scvcnty-flvo murders bavo beon committed,
and that there 1* not now a single
white Republican In tluo cotmty.?Jt'uMington
Star, Saturday,
ADDITIONAL LOCAL.
Tub Quintette Club or Boston garo a
concert at Columbus, Ohio, to an immense
(ilidlente. Mrs. J, Wi Weiton, Uio Bos- J
ton vocalist, completely carried nway her
audience by surprise. Also, tho same f
might bo said of M. Herodl, tho flute
player. He is acknowledged by all milBielnns
to 1)0 one of the finest to the conntry.
Tliey will gWe ono grand concert at
Washington Hall to-night. lloaerved
scats can l?'obtained at V. Ifardlng'a
Music Ntorc.
Attempted StnciDtt.?A low nights
Binco young gent of this city having indulged
quite freely In stimulants, concluded
that It would lm a good tlms to
"ahntllo olT this mortal coll." To carry
out this dire purpose lie procured a piece
of n broken mirror and made frantic elforta
to aerer his windpipe. But that
wss'nt a Biiccets. A sympathising Mend
oflereil him a hatchet, thinking it a more
cdectWo weapon. We gtiesa the wouldbe
suicide thought it might be a llttlo too
efleetlre, aa he respectfully declined tlio
offer, but seizing a glass insulator, such aa
Ii u??J In (quipping telegraph lines, he i
proceeded to brat himself about the htiad
anil breaat. Altft n fifeftjr freo um of 'lliia i
nm Instrument (hr irach a purpose, lie I
concluded ho would endure the Ills o4 We, j
rather than lly In those he knew nothing
of. He quit, and we trust is done former
with the snlcldo business. 1
I
Bor the Favorite Boap at John IW4,
Jr.'s, *1 manufacturers' priw*
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PRESS BEFOBT.
Exclusively to tk? Iitelllgencer.
(By ttw Wouon Union Lino.
Office North-WMt cor. of Main and Monroo ats.)
THE NEW YORK COLLECTOR* 1
SHIP.
Etil shoddy Murphy.
A G Bikini Correspondence* j
Washington, Nov. 80.?Ckciter A.
Arthur, was appointed this afternoon, Col-
lector of N?w York, via Murphy resigned.
Wasiitkoton, November 20.?Tlio lol.
lowing Is the correspondence between I
President Grant and Murphy on tborealg- I
nation ?l tne latter us collector 01 uie
port of New York: I
Custom Hobsb.Nbw Yoiik, I i
Collector's Office, Nov. 18,1871.) i
To the I'rwuUnt:
I hereby tender ray resignation of the 1
Dfllce ol collector of the port ol New
York, to take etfect upon the appointment
Df my sucsessor. You are uwuro thut 1
[luring the period 1 have held this iinpor-
tant trust, and because I have held ft, I 1
liave been subjected to persecutions which, 1
for persistent misrepresentation and unre-
lenting vindictivencss has, fortunately, J
but lew parallels in the history of politi- 1
:ai strife. Throughout this somewhat
trying ordeal I have been sustained, howaver,
by the consciousness ol my' own n
rectitude and by the fact that during my j,
Jlllcial term 1 have enjoyed unintcr- i
ruptedly and still retain your conlidenc?
indiminished by the vituperation ol ray c
tccusers. For the manuer in which j
;he duties or the ofllco have been t
lerformwl 1 take pleasure in ro- B
errlug to the judgement or my official
tuperior, tbo Secretary of tho Treasury,
md to the figures on record In tho Troastry
Department, which show how the
evenue has been collected and with what
liminlshed percentage ot cost. Unless
four attention has been ctilled to this (_
ecord I beg you will refer to It. Ground- 5
ess as tho aspersions cast upon ino are,
md as fuHy as Ihey have been relutcd bo- j
ore moro than one tribunal, I am con- q
clous that my continuance In office \vill
ic made the pretext and occasion for as- j,
suits calculated to injnro the liepuhllcan
tarty, and rather than incur Bitch hazard t,
would relinquish my position even il It
tad been coveted, which you know it was
tot. When appointed I uelloved I could c
ender service by accepting the place, j,
tfow I beliove 1 can render service by re- c,
igningit, and 1 gladly embrace the op- c,
?rtun|ty In severing my official relations
villi tho government. Under these clr- c
tumstances.I may also properly refer to tho
[ratifying result of the recent election la 1
Ills State, which leaves tho control of Its n
ilTalrs substantially in the hands'of that j,
root party of progress and reform of which
'ou are the acknowledged head, and for j,
he success of which It will over be my w
iride and duty to labor.
Willi 111(511 reapcci,your nueuicut ct'ant,
tl
[Blgncd] Thomas Muki'UY.
Exkcutivk Mansion, i jj
Wahiiiroton, I). C., Nov. ISO, '71. J
ram. Murphy (MUrtor JM A'cul York M
Dear Sir Your letter ol Iho 181b,
enderingyour resignation of the office 1
if Collector of the Port ol Now York, p
vltli reasons therefor, Is received. It o,
[Ira mo great pleasure to bear testimony t<
o the efficiency, honesty and zeal which it
rou have administered that office so h
ong as It has been trusted to your keep- e;
ng. Your own peace of mind no donbt
vfil be enhanced by leaving the ofllco of
ullector, but 1 uoubt whether such a d
aurse will in any sense he a benefit to d
bo public amice. Under your admlnls-
ration the revenues from the Now York ol
Jui torn llouso bavo been largely
ncreased, and tho cost of collection in tl
iroportlon to the amount collected has U
icon greatly diminished, 'l'bla la shown p
ly the records of tho Treasury Depart- S
nent. You have had my unqualifled n
onfldonco ever since you entered tile n
ifflco as Collector; you had that confl- U
Icnco before, or tho appointment would T
lot have been tendered you. That con- o
Idence Is still unshaken, and In accepting
'our resignation I desire to glvo you the v
ull assurance of this fact, that whether F
'ou remain in or out or oiuco, nine win
:onvince a Just public of yotlr entire in- t<
locenco of tlio oliargca to bo brought
igainst you. P
Wlthgrcat rcspcct,
Your obodlcnt sorvanl, o
[Signed] U. 8. Oiunt. n
Shortly after the President wroto the d
ihove letter he appointed Chester A. Arhur
an tlio successor of Murphy. The p
(immiuum of Mr. Arthur was prepared n
taring the morning at tho Treasury Helartment,
and *111, without delay, be lor- 11
Yarded to Now York. tl
I
OMAHA.
Oeflfrnl Know Storm Westward.
Omaha. Not. 20.?The sleet and Bnow c
torm which commencod here on Friday I
loon, continued until Sunday morning, A
ind extended over the whole country,
rom the Ilocky Mountains to the Missouri
l?erwhlch wascovered wltha heavycoat-
ng of Ice, causing a downfall of telegraph
ines. Tho Union Pacific trains "were f
inow bound at dllloreut polnls hotween
Jmahaand Cheyenne. Tlioexpreas train
lue here Bstuhlay evening, arriving
ibout midnight Sunday. Tho siorm Was e
eported as still moro severe In southern
ind western Colorado.
MILWAUKEE. j,
Milwavkm, Nov. EO.?Tho ease of J.
Jhlaljj! POlfce. wns called up today, find
Jio pflstncr held to ball In tho nmnll sum
if #1,000, M Ihe Injuries will not prove fnal.
The chief will be nble to (ittold to
ill official duties in a few days.
Tho Vienna Laily Orcheslra,thaHeccdjd
from Manager Hull man, have organlicd
iruler their old leader Madamo Hlischnidt,
and giro a concert hero to-night.
Loyal R Durand, of tho Iniuntticoflrm
it Hclfcnatein Durand, died yesterday,
tnil the Board of Trade adjourned to day
n respect to his memory.
PetHs of NftTlgMlon on the Lakes,
Port Cot.borht!, Out., Not. 80.?The t
lehooncr Advuncc, from Chicafin for
Ogdennlmrg, h?? nrrlvcil at llth |iort 1
During the storm elio hml to cut ?w?y
licr miul?. Tho c?rgo ll damaged ?nd c
iherawol 1* leaking. c
Owkk Sotrxn, Out., Not. 20.?Tho I
;row of tho schooner Gold Hunter h*?o
irrlved here. Tho vessel ?u driven t
ishnro near C'rhot's Head, lifter tho tug I
Prlnco Alfred hud cut her ndrllt to save I
bertelf
NEW YORK CITY.
tub sujl'endkd 1hnk.h.
New Yon*, Nov. 80.?Tweed ttatec
that he knows nullilng uf the affairs o;
the Guardian Savings Institution. He had
only loDt hu name to give it popularity,
lie says the Vice President ol the bank
lias placed $300,000 worth ol real estate
at its disposal to enable it to meet its engagements.
II. Binltli, ol the People's
National Hank, states that all demands
will be promptly met to day.
ai.uxis?i'uouhammk kou urn kkckitiuk.
A ruin storpt prevails tliia morning,
which bids fair to hut all da/. It la probable,
therefore, that the Grand Dultc'a reception
will bo postponed. There wore
:io reception formalities olfered him
yesterday on board ol the Teasel.
Ml of thu licet which is yet in tho
ower bay will couic up the liarior
led by tho recptlon steamer Powell,
1'he Kussian llag ship will he Hanked by
be yachts of thu New York Yacht Club,
tnd the United rtlatin steamers will bring
ip tho rear. All will bo decorated with
liussian anil American llaga when the
Jrand Duke Is taken on board. Un tho
oception of thu steamer, the whole fleet,
OKOtber with all tho forts in the harbor,
*[11 Are sulutii. The grand procession
iscort will bring him up Broadway, As
10 passes TrTuity Church tho chimes will
>eal forth n liussian national anthem, folowed
by America. Flags aud bunting
vill be displayed trom the buildings on
iroadwav.
greeley for pa?k commissioner.
The llcrald again announces that it has
iUtliority for saying that Horace Greeley
to Ito appointed a member ot the Park
'ommlssion.
Edward ttchell than been appointed re*
elver (or the National Savings Bank,
jcading Tammany men are demanding
bo deposition ol Tweed as the grand
achcm of the institution.
reception ok alexis postponed.
Tho reception of tho Grand Duke toay,
was postponed.
CONNOLLY RK8IONS.
Richard 1). Connolly hus resigned tho
!om|)trollorshlp, and Androw II. Green
as been appoiuted in his place.
A mundamys was granted 4>v tfudgc
laniard to diy compel lling .the lloard of
'anvasnora to proceed with tho canvass
f tho Aldermanle ticket. Tho Board,
owovor, treated tho ordor with contempt,
od resolved to moro to vacate It, and adturned,
i
ai.hxis in the city.
Upon tho reception steamer PowII
reaching tho lower hay, this mornig,
tho Grand Duke upon bolng
jnsplled upon tho subject, decided to
omo to this city. IIo accordingly emarked
on tho Powell, when tho Amcrian
and Itusslan ttects proceeded up the
ay, arriving oil the battery at 3 o'clock,
'ho I'owell then made a detour ol tho
no, and steamed up the river, salutes be>g
fired it parting by the men-of-war,
forth. Hero tho I'rinco landed unci
rent to tho Clarendon.
James W. Gerard declines the Commlsonorshlp
of tho Department ol Educaon.

Tho Hoard ol Apportionment to.day
Irected tho Comptroller to Ishuu two
illlionsol bonds lor tho various improvelents,
including the now Court House.
ATOB nAlt, BURIIKNTERS AT DISCRETION.
Tho Kunintj I'otl says it is assured that
[ayor Hall's course, as shown In tho apolntment
of Uiccn as Comptroller, and
Iher acts, .indicates that ho has resolved
surrender entirely to tho reform movelent,
to appoint to all vacancies men
canity approved by tho leading reformrs.
YimitLltVriON FRAUDS IN IIKOOBLYE.
SVvcnty returns Irom as many tleollim
istricts In Brooklyn, have been found
elective. Tlireo Inspectors wero this A.
arrested, And gave ball each In tho sum
r $2,MO.
At a mcttlng of tho Commissioners of
10 Sinking Kund today, Chamberlain
radley culled attention to tliu alleged
ayment of $76,000 to Tax Commissioner
antis, as tho tier ccntago allowed him lor
egotiatlng a loan, and said that ho knew
o authority permitting tho Comptroller
authorize negotiations lor such a loan,
ho Comptroller wis directed to report
u tho matter at tho next mcollng.
Tho trial of Bauloh and Hsggcrty, tho
Duclior thieves, is postponed until celt
rumy.;
Ariothcr mail wns killed on 42d street,
?day.
UenryO. Btobbins has been appointed
ark Commissioner.
The Committee on the lteorgnnlmitlon
I the Viaduct Hallway Company, havo
mv received the resignations ol all tho
(rectors.
Twcnly-tbrcc additional casos or smallox
bftvu been reported Blnce Saturday
oon.
The Esecutivo Commltteo of tho Comlitteo
of Fifty, appointed to Investigate
to charges of Iraud in the Brooklyn city
overnment, have requested tho Common
louncil to lurnisli such facilities as .will
noble the commltteo to Accomplish Its
Utposes.
Proceedings in bankruptcy hnvo been
ommenccd against tho Quardian Bavings
lank.
HOTUEIl STOUT A110UT At.KXtS?ItR RK*
MAINS AROAttU ms VKMRr..
It appears tho Heeoption Commltteo of
ho Grand Duke did not go down tho bay
i tbo steamer Mary l'owell, but met tho
tnsslan fleet cotiMhg t!|l under the csfcort
f tho American fleet. Tho Grand I)?ko
ccented a public reception to-morrow,
mill wllieh tlino he remains Mi board tho
Ivetlana.
JlmplnW in the U. B. nrmy, *M wnjluij
ast night by two negroes, who drew
nivff and demanded money or his life,
["lie old mtm dofended himself with a
tonteano and succeeded In driving oft
ho nasaiiantH, after having crippled one
if them hv a blow with his stick.
The President, officers and Execullvo
;ommitlee of tlio National Labor Union
itibilsh a c?*cl to the effect that the call
nade lor a Convenlion at Washington
Jooember lithns the work ofastlteonlitutcd
committee, and hat not tho saneion
ol tho National Union or Labor Reorm
party. Tho regularly Billed Con'ention
will meet the third Wednesday In
'chrtinry, 1872, ?t Colombns Ohio.
At tho annual meeting of tho Methodist
ITIsUhmttty Society, omeeft were elected
or tbe ensuing year, Including Bishop
dorris, President, and Bishops Jones,
tcott, Simpson, Baker, Ames and other
I'iru I'rcsidcnU, and Thomas Carlton,
rreasurer, ther? was a large attendance.
Thero wss a meeting to-night of weliinm
to the liusslan Deputation of Evanrelicsl
Alliance, with Prof. Morse aa
resident. The report of the Deputation
riu luomittcu, anil it was iinicd turn a
elcgrntn bad been received Irom Engand
to the effcet thnt the miblect of reIciotis
liberty n?i about to l? laid before
be Russian Council ol State.
The Tribune to-morrow will havo tho
statement that Charles O'Connor is of tho
opinion that through a ilaw in the
indictment, Tweed will escape punlshf
menl
The want oC a definite plan and the
storm marred the ceremonies in honor of
Alexia to-day. Tho Mary .Powell, with
Invited gueats, did not leave tho pier until
noon, and then only to find that the
Russian fleet had arrived ofT the battery.
A barge from the liussian tyag
ship brought one of tho ofllcers,
who desired to know what the committee
wanted. Minister Catacazy went aboard
hero and waa received with Baiutea according
to his rank. Tho Reception
Committee were then Invited on board,
and wero received with a salute ol twentyone
guns. Mr. Asplnwall congratulated
tho I)uko on his safo arrival, and tendered
him u welcome to Mew York on
behalf of the citizens. Alexis, in remarkably
good English, thanked the peo
pin oi inn city lor urn nonor, una assured
them that he would gladly acccpt any
civilities that they hail arranged. It was
then decided to postpone the reception
till to-morrow, too Grand Duke
to remaini on hoard the Hvetlana till
received by tho Mary Powell at 10 o'clock.
The military will asscmblo at noon, and
a lino ol march taken up Broadway.
Soon after one o'clock the Mary Powell
steamed round the tleet and the collation
partaken aboard to which Admiral Itowan
was Invited. The passengers soon
after landed at Pier 80, North river,
Thundering salutes ftom tho Russian and
American flagships, greeted tho guests
on their arrival and departure. The
yards ol Bvetlana were manned and
cheering tAe crew. Ar two o'clock this
morning the weather was clear, and a
prospect of a good day for tin reception.
The loiter of resignation of Comptroller
Connolly was placed in tho hands
ol William T. llaney in October,
WASHINGTON.
AIMOUllNMKNT OF TIIB 8UPIIEMB COUHT.
Washington, D. 0., Novombor 20.?
Ia the Supreme C'oi|rt at the United
States this afternoon it was announced
that the court would adjourn next Monday,
27th Inat., lint die, The court will
meet again December 4th, as required by
law, to commence tlio regular term.
The Secretary of tlio Treasury has
written aletter to the Collector ol Customs
at Fort Huron, Michigan, declining
to grant froe entry of half the articles purchased
in Canada for the sufferers by the
recent fires In Michigan. The Department
letter of October llltb, under which
the requeit was made, allowing the frco
entry of articles contributed for the relief
of the Chicago sufferers, has been modiflcdr
and hereafter only blankets and articles
of clothing aro to be contributed fur
the reliel of the sufferers in Chicago, Michigan
and Wisconsin, tlio privilege only
extending to January 1st.
The Supreme Court has decided that In
summary proceedings in bankruptcy, tuo
Court is without authority to adjudicate
tlio rights Involved In controversy, hut
alioula put tlia parties in contestant to
their remedies at lav or In equity.
No inlormatlon lias yet been received
by the government,ofllcially stating when
Grand Duko Alexis will arrivo hero. Arrangements
lor his presentation to tho
President, will bo made by BecreUry
l'ish, and Minister Catacazy. There will
be no formal speech making, and no public
display at the presentation, which will
take place 4n tho lllue Itoom at tho White
House. Tho President will bo attended
by tho Cabinet, and tho Duko by his suite
and Minister Catacazy, who will introdoco
him to tho President and Cahinot, then
ho will be oecortod to tho lied Iloom, and
presented to Mrs. Grant. It is customary on
such occasions for tho visitor to rocetvo n
call Irorn tho Bocretaryol Btato soon alter
his arrival in tho city and prior to his
presentation to tho President. In accordnncn
wltli thlnniiRtom Hprrptnrv Flail will
cull upon him on tho evening of his arrival
or before noon next day., It was heretofore
arranged that Alexin, who had expressed
a wish to tlmt ellcct, would ho
gratified with a bulTalo hunt on the great
plains, and had ho arrived in October
Ucn. Sheridan would have organized ti
hunting party, hut the latter la now of the
opinion that the hunt will hare to bo
abandoned, owing to tho lateness of the
season and the prevalence of enow.
INDIANAPOLIS.
Imdiahapolu, Ihd., Nov. 20,?Tho
Daily Hentin/I, Democratic, of to-morrow
will contain 4 speech delivered by Hon.
John 0. Oonner, M. 0. elect from Texas,
delivered in response to a welcome address
and reception given him at his old
home In Noblesvllle, Indiana, in which
he shows the manner and modo of conducting
the recent election.
Tho Texas Brand Lodge of 1.0.0. F.
of Indiana, will convene In its annual
communication Itrthli city tomorrow.
Frederick Stewart, Uhtfid Sire ol tho
Grand Lodge of the United States, Milton
nernuon, rasi ueuiuy urnnu ciro ana
Hclniylflr Colfal, Put Grand Ropresentalive,
arivod to-day and will 1m In attendance.

Wreck and I.o?? of I.ins on Lake
Uaron.
Detroit, Mioii., November 20.?Tito
schooner Twilight, on the 15th lust., about
AM miles below I'ort-au-Ilarque, take
Huron, struck the rocks, sprang a leak
and broko her Btccrlng gear. The crew
found that sho was sinking and took a
small boat?eight of thorn In all?but the
boat turned over and only two reached
tho shoro alive. The names ol the lost
aro C?pl Glbbs, of Oswego; John lienwood,
first mate, of Krle; Obas. Wilson,
cook; Wm. Wilson, Julius Williams and
Alexander Pupart. The saved are Wm.
Henwood, second mate, and Wm. Itose,
seaman.
Ruck Island Arsenal.
Kifw Vonir Nnv 20 ?Tnfplllirpnrn
from Washington, says tliat tlie forthcoming
report of the Commissary General,
states that the work on the Hock lalnntl
Arsenal, Is being economically, rapidly
and well done. Two of the grout workshops
are nearly completed, find will
shortly be ooctipleil. One as n store house
and the other in the place of temporary
workshops, which are to be removed.
Liberal appropriations are urged to carry
ont the plana in respect to this arsonal.
WISCONSIN.
Madisok, November 20.?Fnll returns
from all the counties In the State, oxcept
Oconto, Illchland, J.ank, Bhawano and
Wanpace, give Washlrarne. Hep., for
Governor, 9.M7 majority. The returns
from the counties named above will not
materially chango the above flgnrca.
Heavy cold rain here yesterday and last
night, with a heavy frost this morning.
?General Howard will recommend In
his next report the discontinuance of the
Freedmen's Bureau.
FOREIGN.
ENGLAND.
The Republic of the Future.
A Bold Speech by Sir Chaa. Dilke.
New Yobk,Noy.20.?The latest English
papers have a speech delivered by j
Sir C ium. Dilke, on November Oth, before
u lurge crowd of the working classes, at
New Castle, on the Tyne. The speaker
dwelt at length on the subject of rcpre- 1
scntation, end ol the Inequality ot the 1
voting power In tho House of Commons,
from largo cities and towns, us compared
with the representation of small boroughs.
With regard to tho cost ol royalty, lie
snid:
"Wo havo first to deal with the sum of
rnmnnni.,.i
purse, anil upon tbo household, to willed
I add tho royal bounty aud royal alms, t
which amounts to ?18,000, making up the 1
sum to ?1180,000. I
Ho continued enumerating the various I
eipenditures ol royalty, showing that it
cost at least a million pounds a year,
probably much more. Th? responsibility
of these oppressions upon tlio people, he
consldoreil, rested with tho Queen. He 1
said, in conclusion:
"i doubt wlielhur if the cbargcs to which I
I have alluded arc all well founded, tbo t
Monarchy would not better set its houso t
in order. There Is a wido spread belief f
that tho ropublic here is only a matter of t
education and timo. It is said that some t
day acominonwealtl^will bo our govern- f
moot. II you can show me a fair chance i
that ropublic will bo free irom the politi- I
col corruption that hangs about a mon- f
archy. I say for my part 1 bclivo that 8
the middle classes In general will say, lot d
it come." o
His speech throughout was londly ap-
plauded. J
A COLLISION IK Till MK11SKY.
London, {Jov. 20.?A report cornea t
Irom Liverpool this morning that two e
abipa, whuse uarnea aro yet unknown, fc
ran into each other In the Mersoy with t
such violence that both tilled and aunk r
almost instantly. Aa far aa known all a
lianiia are lost. Ii
Sir Thomas Daken, late Lord May- I
or will be banquettcd on tho 22d Inst.,,
Tho Couutof'Chambourd, Chief Elder
or the Bourbons, contradict* the report t
that ho intends to aurremier hia hcreuita- j
ry right to tho throne of Prance. r
Tho remains of the late Col. Banderson i
will bo sent to America. g
THE QUEEN CUAltOKD WITH |DIIUNKBN- c
ness. o
The Htandanlt report of the suspension
of negotiations betwoen England and i
France for a modification of tho commer- li
cial treaty is fully confirmed. ti
John Urlflle, Secretary of tho Total Ab- 1
stenance Society of Brlxbatn, publicly ac- f
cuses the Queen of Intoxication. The I
charge causes a great uproar, and tho local
authorities have already commenced legal
proceedings against tho man who made it.
TUB MEETTOO AT nlUSTOI,.
London, Nov. 20.?A largo Radical 8I
meeting, which was attended by 4,000
peoole, was hold in the city ol Bristol last
evening. Blr Charles W. Dllke addressed t
the assemblage. There was much uproar
and fighting during the progress ol the n
meeting, and tiie band was prevented
from playing the Nations) Anthem, "Ood
savo the Queen," j
FRANCE.
V igorous Reorganization of the Armr
Paris, Nov. SO.?It is expected that bo-
fore tho end of January, 1872, France will y
havo ten army corps completely organ- J,
l/.ed and luily supplied with improved n
arms, posted at the great military centers t(
ol tho country.
I'asis, Nov. 20.--The editor of tho a
Journal of Pete UuctuM hss boon court- rl
mm tlaleu and sentenced to imprisonment w
and hard labor Tor life. Vermesich and
Vnlllaum lmvo been sentenced ti death j
for contumacy. q
TURKEY. U
A Crisis Coming. j
great complaints of disorganization lntbo B,
public departments. Tlio Bnltan's orders n
requiring economy In the administration t,
of public afTairs aro misinterpreted and n
not satisfactorily carried out Harmony t<
does not prevail in tbo Cabinet, and a 0
crisis is looked lor. I,
(JEItMANY. J
Compulsory Military Service for Ba> 8
varin.
IlRni.iH.Nov. 20.?The Reichstag has
sanctioned the extension of the North
German law making military service 0
compulsory on all Bavaria. n
SPAIN.
Madrid, Nov. 20.?Tlio debates til Uio jj
Cortes and the events of tlio past week
cause great agitation. The Republican V
Deputies have issued a circular advising
their supporters throughout tho kingdom
to keep quiet, and advocating the mainte- 7
nance of public order In the mcautlmo.
The labor troubles continue. The ba
kcrs and dyers In Valencia obstinately
maintain their strlko, anil make threatening
demonstrations. Tho garrison baa
been reinforced.
A steam transport will sail from Cadi* I1
on the iJOtb, with fresh troops for Cuba, j]
IRELAND. fl
f
Duiimn, Not. 20.?Two Important wit- v
nessea for tho prosecution In tho case of t
Kelly, who Is about to be tried for dls- f
charging a pistol at an officer, hare dlsap- t
peared. I
The OeneT* Fire Charged to Inter-
nationals.
CIbnbva, Not, 20.?Tho origin ol the
conflagration in tills city Is to be made
the subject of strict Inrestlgatlon. Buspl-
clon is directed ngalnst the agents of the
International Society.
F1TTRBURUII.

tub ATTOtPTEn assassination of tit- j
tock.
Prmntntaii, Not. 20.?j. H. Robin-
son, of New York City, who attempted to
iwosstnnto John W. Pltfock, ol tho finning
iMiIrr, Friday evening, assigns no
motive for the act Ills roundel claim that
tho man Is insane. r
Four Springfield nurglnra Sentenced.
Cincinnati, Not. 20? Four ol the
gang of twenty-five linrglars, arrested at
Springfield, O., somo weeks ago, were i
sentenced on Bnturday cneli to five years'
Imprisonment at hard labor in the penitentiary.
i
I
CHICAGO.
Mot the Remains ol McDevlU.
C'niciao, Nov. 20.?A more thorough
examination of the charred remains found
under the Trihutu building on Saturday
satisfies the friends of John McUevitt,
thu celebrated billiard player, that they
are not his. The examiners lound a lull
set of false teeth, whereas John McDevitt
bad only Ave false ones.
TUK UBPUULICAN.
The Chicago Ibuiiblicait appeared this
morning iu Its old form and size, with
now type throughout.
RgPOllT OK Tim UKAN D JURY OH TICK ISSUS
UKTWKKN I'AI.UEIt AND BIIKIIIDAN.
The Grand Jury of the Circuit Court,
which hare been sitting for a week past
dosed their labors to-dav. Rofnre beinir
lischarged they made a report on the
Issue between Out. l'aliner and Mayor
Masou relative to the military occupation
if the city during and following tbe tiro,
>nd the efforts ol Ciov. l'almer to have
Mayor Mason, Lieut Uen. Bhcridan, CoL
Prunk T. Hlicrman and others indicted
or the killing of Col. Grosvenor. Tbe
J rand Jury, in their report, desire to aay
hat they fully endorse and commend the
ictlon or Mayor Mason in calling to bis
lid the services ol Lieut. Gen. Hherldan;
hat they honor the wise discretion ot the
Mayor in thrusting aside the petty vanity
if place and position, and summoning to
lis tide tbe wisest counsels in our
nldst, and availing himself of
heir powerful aid In the appalling
mergcnclcs ol the lalo conflagration. In
heir opinion tbe thanks of the communiy
aro due to the Lt. General or tbe army,
ur tbe timely and elHcient aid he offered
n oil), II...
orcu uf our city. Hecozniging in, his ofarts
no spirit of usurpation of law or
uthorlty, but on tho contrary an unaelflsh
csiro to do a duty that the emorgencitB
f the hour doinanded, the assumption of
rhlch was a great relief to .the anxiety <t
ho people.
TWO DEAD IIOD1KS.
The dead body found under tho IWiuiu
sliding, on Baturday, and at first aupposd
to be that of .(no, McDovitt, tho-noted
illliard player, has been rwoguljed as
hat of <Tno. J?. Donovan, who occupied
ooma In I'ope's block, btill another dead
nd b(idly burned body, *[aa found to-day
n tho deliris under the Iribuiu building,
t has not yet been recogplzed.
TUB CLIFTON IIOl'BK SUICIDE.
It has been ascertained that 0.0. Marin,
who committed suicide at the Clifton
louse on Tuesday laat, was formerly
leneral Freight Agent of the Burlington
t Missouri Railroad, and during the war
erved on the Htail of doncral force, lie
arae to Chicago to seek a situation on
mo of tho fast freight )ihcs, but wasunucceasful.
Ho went to the Trcmont
louse, where ho stayed until he had run
a debt forty dollars. Having no money
9 pay, he was refused entertainment,
le borrowed a sum of money of a friend,
urcfaased poison, went to tho Clifton
louse and did the deed.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Ban Fbmouco, Not. 18.?John Brown,
<odl Brown and John ilnux, the Bonnrn
tago robbors anil murderers, baa boon
old (or trial. Jno. Dauz .turned States'
vldeneo,, He says there were nineteen
1 the gang, but ono waa killed In the reent
attack on the stage. The officers
re now In pursuit of the remainder of trie
ang.
In a severe gale on the northern coast
londay last, tlie steamer Jno. L. Stephens
arrowly escaped wreck. The U. S.
learner Shubrick, waa driven nshore and
adly damaged.
The testimony in Uio Howes contested
rill case, will Bhon the testator was for
ears a monomaniac on tho subject ol
loney and his wile, accusiog her of the
tost InfamouB crimes, and of attempting
poison him, without the sllgliest reason;
omparing himsell with Jesus Christ, and
s the great benefactor of tho human I
ice. Tho general opinion Is that the
rill will be broken.
The steamer Montana, for Panama toav,
carried merchandise valued at $127,1)0,
mainly for Mew York, including ten
lousand gallons of wine.
The trial of Horace Howe's contested
(ill is progressing In tho Probate Court
'he testator practically disinherited tho I
rife anil daughter, giving a considerable
iim to tho son, and the bulk of the relainder
to lound a Mont Kden Universlr.
Under the terms which render ,Jho
rospect Impracticable, the widow oon?ts
the will on the ground of the insanity
r tho testator. The evidence to this etsct
is very strong indeed. Tho case, on
ccount of tho great oxtent of the estate
nd notoriety of tho deceased, ottracts
eneral attention.
ST. LOUIS.
Ht. Lours, Not. 20.?Tho general offlcos
f Uio Ohio Mississippi lUllroad have
II been concentrated In this city. C'has. i
Cone, Treasurer, P. Vandeusen, Audi-
sr, and W. II. Garley, of llio supply do-
artment, arrived from Cincinnati last
Ight, and will hereafter (ranioct tlicir
uslnets hero. President Torrence and
'ice President Chrystio are also here.
Senator Blair has arrived from the Boulb,
rliero he baa been serving on one oi tbe
Cu-Klux Committees, and will remain
lere until tho next session of Congress.
The Mob at Ilrookrllle, Ind.
CmcmNATi, November 20.?Tho ateinpt
to take McDonald Cheek from the
ill at llrookvlllo, Saturday night, for tho
nrpose of lynching bim turns out a great
allure^ The mob, nnmberlng seventyIve,
Bctcd with great Indecision and Anally
led dismayed, when one ol their number
hu knocked down with nlllet of wood
iy Check, iind when the latter had gotten
lossesslon of one of their pistols. The
IherllT Is determined that the parties, the
afger number ol whom aro known, shall
ic arrested and punished.
:?lll?lon on the O. M. Railroad.
Cihcinnati. Nor. 20?A collision bcwcen
two freight trains, occurred on tho
)hlo Mississippi railroad, one mllo this
Ide of Osgood, Indiana, on Saturday, com)letely
destroying quite a number or cars
aden partly with lira stock, and wreckng
tiio two engines. All the employes
-_-.i tt.n.?a<.ieoa hv himninrr (rum thn
rain prerlraa to the cotillion. The only
minus injury itMained *m iiy an en[inecr,
who hail hh arm broken.
IiITTLE ROCK.
Lrrri* Rook, November 20.?The cartage
of Oot. Hadly, containing hia
iimiiy, wm overturned at a funeral yeaerday,
resulting in severe injuries to the
vife and mother of the Governor.
liana March, the Memphis thief, who
vaa arreated, Saturday, was committed lo
ail to-day In default of fJ,.W0 ball.
The heaviest frost ol llio aenson this
norninf?.
CINCINNATI.
Cincinnati, Nov. 20.?Charles WilUama
fell from ibe Newport and CincinJ*J'
bridge, Saturday, fracturing his
lui^U and sustaining other serioiw injuries.
This wakes Uie thirteenth fall
aincis the commencement of that work.
MU1II1KH ttj A SALOON.
This p. 11. at 3 o'clock, Patrick Devalo
slabbed Peter Gorman to the heart, killing
him instantly: German bad called
at Ibeformer's saloon to tee hiaiiater
wlio win employed there, and while Dcvalo
went baclt to inform her, Uorm&u
leaned over tho counter, near the moneydrawer.
The lormer returning and discovering
the murdered man in that position,
accused h|m of attempting to steal,
which Qoruan denied, ana which
Anally provoked him to strike at bis accuser,
who thereupon drew a knife five
inches in length, and thrust it into the left
ba-ast of his victim, llfivalu was soon
after arrested, and was bo much under the
Influence of liquor that when he reached
the Btation he could not give an intelligible
account of the affair.
Tho total valuation of lands in Hamilton
county, outside of Cincinnati, according
to tho returns of 1871, la twenty three
and three-fourth millions. The value of
both real and personal property is lorty
millions, being an increase of over ten
millions over 1870, under the old land
valuation.
TIIK COUMIHCIAI.'K TAMMANY CASK?MYKlta
INIMCTKD.
The grand J ury of this county, haa found
Law Librarian Jor perjury anil obtaining
money under (also pretenses. The case is
the one that the Commercial in lis columns
hai baen vlgbrousiy prosecuting, and consists
in Mj en having, it is alleged, affixed
the namo ol II. T. Thornburn, lalo Steward
of Long View Asylum, to the papers
on which the clothing wus procured for
the inmates, and In procuring on certificates
lor clothing not furnished. The
attorney for Myers to-day urgod an early
trial, to-morrow If possiblo. The Court
declined to disarrange tlio business ol the
Court, but assured his counsel that the
case would be set lor trial at the earliest
possiblo day.
UTAII.
Halt Lakh, Nov. 17.?The grand Jtfry,
following the example of the Court, has
adjourned uutii Monday.
There is nothing whatevor in tlio shape
of excltemcnt, and a dead calm prevails
everywhere. Tlio prisoners are having a
good timo at Camp Douglas, and the
saima tinu sinners ciiai togetuor upon uio
situation like old friends.
Tho Herald to day goes after the ring,
becanso in publishing the fact that thoro
are other witneaeea against Weill and
Htout than tho Danlto, Hull Hlckmau,
thev try to prejudice public opinion,
The coach from the mining district*
come in crowded. All who have not
pressing business in the canons are hurrying
down to tho city to escape the
heavy snows and unusual cold weather.
A mOTement is on foot to form a company
to construct a Street Hallway from
tbo Utah Central Depot through to the
centre of the city.
The Wenlhep To-Day.
Wa* Diriarnmr, i
_ Omn ormi Ounr hwxal Orncia. V
Wabuihoton, D. 0., Nor. !0-7:m r. k.
ritotiAtin.iTrEB.
The barometer Will probably fall on
Tuesday, with northeasterly winds and
threatening weather on tho Uulf coast,
tnd partially cloudy and ploasaut weather
In the Interior of tho Qulf States. The
?rea of tho lowest pressure will movo
joutheaatward through Canada, with
westerly winds; a falling barometer and
threatening weather In New York and
New England; a rising barometer and
:iear wumner from Virginia and Lake
lluron and westward; brisk butnotdangerous
winds from the Southwest or Lake
Brio. Cautionary signals continue this
svenlng from Grand Haven, and are also
jrdcreu for Oswego.
TENNESSBE.
MESSAGE FltOM UOV. UI10WN.
Nasuviiar, Nov. 20.?Gov. Brown
lubinittod to tbo Legislature to day a
nessago transmitting a petition from tbo
Boards of Trado of New Orlonr.s and
Memphis, relative to the tax on cotton
sollectcd by the general Government, ?ml
leclarlng It unjust, and asking that Leglsatlvo
action bo taken to bring the subect
before Congress with the view of
jetting the tax rclunded. Gov. Brown
recommends that tho Senator and Reproicntatlvca
In CongreM from Tennessee, be
requested to urge upon that body the rounding
of saldtax.
Republican Opposition to Uraat?
Meeting at llarrisbnrf.
N>w Yoiik, Nov. 20.?A dispatch
Irom Washington to tho Tdtgram (Demo:ratlc)
says that tho Republican opponents
of tho President Will probably hold
i meeting at ItarrlstnH* on the BOtti Inst,
to take steps to defeat his renomlnatlon.
PHILADELPHIA.
A Case of Supposed Mnrder.
I'ltn.AURT.fHIA, Nov. 20.?The body of
this morning with bis throat cut. lis is
supposed to hftto been murdered.
rPHHS WORLD'S INTEHNAL HEMJL
EOT.
JOHNSON'S
Rheumatic Compound
?amd?
blood purifiKr.
(i(tick 1* it" ACTioK-r?ii*Ai**irr in its ?m?,
Thin medicine la the prescription of a worldrenowned
French Physlrian, who n*?4 It In his
extensive practice many years before offerlr>K
It to the pnbllc In It* present form, bnt
Anally becoming convinced of Its mat
curative properties, and desiring
to profit those mfferlng from thfs
terrible disease, consented to
have It pat np In bottlee
and sold at the
LOW PRIOE OF ONK DOLLAR.
If nee?Mlry, we
might oflfer the certil!
cates of thonsands who hate
been enred by It, hot the beat
recommendation we can glre It la
i trial of one, two or three bottlea,
which will certain!* rellere the most
difficult ease. Try It and be convinced.
We hare advertlied this medicine for file
k. um> r Moodwln A Co.. of Boston. A
core or the money rofanded, and ont of near
MO bottle* aold at retail,th?y h?Ve had hut 8 bottle*
retnrned.
Sellers' Imperial CohkH Sjmp.
The Impnial Cough Pyrup contain* no plrltooaa
Ingredient whatever, and may bo na?d In all
c**ea not rrqnlrln* artlre medical treatment.
The Imperial t'oogh Byrnp haa betn naed for tho
laat thirty year*.
Prepared by
It B. 8KLLBR8ACO.,
Wholeaalo Drnmrlata, Plttabnrjjh, Pa.
*wn aoi.nnT nncnnm* *rt*Twmtnt
ftovtO