dvtwttfl £tate gimnro!.
Al FU. »t»H Main Street, Richmond. Va.
TERMS:
DAILY—♦» per year; six months, *.i; three
months, tI.M); 1 month, 00 cents.
SEMI-WEEKLY—S2.BO per year: six months,
$1 tft: three months, 75 cents.
WEEKLY—♦I.SO per year; six months, 7J cents
#wtttog £tat* §*ww&
The sorest disgrace which has been in
flicted upon modern civilization has been
the Ku-Klux villainy of the Southern De
mocracy. In order to destroy free opinion
and crush out political opposition, in a
country boasting free institutions and cov
ered by tho segis of the American constitu
tion, to have organized a secret conspiracy
against a party, against the courts, against
local and national authority, against law,
order, life, property, liberty, AND TRUTH,
will be looked back upon in after times,
with an amazement as painful as profound.
It is the actual crime and logical result of
the fell tenets of what it the Ices and dregs
of what was the Democratic party of this
They denied the existence of these cow
ardly, disguised, night-prowling, negro
abusing, murdering, outlaws. How could
they do else Confessions of redecmless
infamies rarely come forth, except from the
gallows. And we have that sort of confes
sion from them now. The counsel of some
few of them—about sixty—who have been
convicted at Raleigh, address the follow
ing letter to the judge who has nobly vin
dicated the power of society, the authority
of law, and the supremacy of national jus
tice, against sixty tools of a disgraced po-
LETTER OF THE NORTH CAROLINA
Bm. H. _. Bond, Judge of the United Statet Cir-
Sir—We have tho honor in the interest of tlie
peace of the people of North Carolina to address
you this note.
The fact that a secret, unlawful organization,
called the Ku-Klux or Invisible Empire, exists in
certain parts of the State, has been manifested in
the recent trials before the court over which you
preside. We condemn, without reservation, all
such organizations. We denounce them as dan
gerous to good government, and we regard it as
the eminent duty of all the good citizens to sup
press them. No right-minded men in North Car
olina can palliato or deny the crimes committed
hy these organizations, but we think if the fur
ther prosecution of the persons charged with
these offences was continued until the November
term, It would enable us to must all law-loving
citizens of the State to make an euergelic and ef
fectual effort for the restoration of good order.—
"We assure you that before the November term nf
the Circuit Court we believe that this unlawful
organization will be effectually suppressed
La presenting these considerations lo your
Honor, we declure that it is our duty ami par
pose to exert all the inlluence we possess, and use
all the means in our power, to absolutely sup
press this organiza lion, and to secure a lasting
and permanent peace to the State. The laws of
the country muM and sball be vindicated. We
are satisfied, and give the assurance mat the
people of Norih Carolina will unite In arres-iing
and forever obliterating an evil which hrluas
nothing but calamity tn the State. In the name
of a list of honorable people, and by all the con
siderations which appeal to good men, we
solemnly protest that these violations of law and
public justice must and shall cease. We have
the honor to be, &c. yours, kc,
Thomas Bragg, William M. Shipp,
(Jeorge V. Strong, M. W. Hansom,
Daniel Or. Fowle, Will. 11. Rattle,
James R. Hatchelor, It. 11. Battle, Jr.,
B. F. Moore, 1). M. Harringer.
Confession it is, —full, absolute, unquali
fied—and none the less damaging because
coming after conviction. This letter is a
whole volume in its meaning. Recollect
the denials, the thousand and one denials,
which the party responsible for the Ku-
Klux villainies has made everywhere, in
Congress and out, in the North and at tho
South, calmly upon honor, solemnly be
fore God as witness, violently in partisan
protestations, deliberately under oath be
fore committees of inquiry, in private and
public, seriously and jocularly, in every
form and shape,—recollect, we say, this
party's denials of these villainies —aud then
read this letter of Governor Rragg and his
brethren of the Raleigh bar. It brands
them as false—all false—and it burns, as
with a red hot iron, on the forehead of this
party the ineffaceable words and letters
Remember the sad antecedents of the
foul business in Carolina, which has come
to grief in these Raleigh trials.
These Ku-Klux bands so filled society
with terror, that tho State courts could
take no cognizance of their proceedings.
Houses were burned, men and women and
children whipped, negroes abused, murder,
argon, burglary and theft committed with
defiant impunity. No local grand jury
durst recognize facts attested by cindeis
and naked chimneys, by the lacerated per
sons of maimed and bleeding citizens, and
by other equally obtrusive and painful
evidences of a high-handed and brutal law-
The coarts failing to give the due protoc
'tion to society, the State government undei
took to perform the sacred duty. We all
iknow the result. The State government
was successfully resisted. It proved pow
erless before the energy and audacity of the
Ku-Klux. It went down in its encounter
with this impel ium in imperio. The Gov
ernor of the State was impeached, broken
of his office, and exiled from the State.—
Throughout the entire period of these oc
currences, there was energetic, violent, in
dignant denial of the existence of that
"invisible empire" which was intend
■ed only to be felt and whose horrid
-deformities were made visible only
to its victims. Too powerful for the local
■■society, too powerful for the State author
ity, ensconced in falsehood and denial,
protected by the iterated mendacity of the
wealth, intelligence, aye, even the religion
■of the better class of society, it' ruled and
reigned in Carolina, until Congress passed
a law which authorized the national judici
ary to turn its imperial EYE upon these
transactions. The result has been as signal
as it has been speedy. The spear of
Ithuriel has pouched the squat toad, and
instantly has been revealed in full pro
portions of form and loathsomeness, this
Fiend of Hell.
Tho latter-day Democracy!—the Ku-
Klux Democracy!—they stand at last be
fore the country as they will stand forever
in history; —convicted, confessing, dis
graced,—as to a crime which will forever
constitute the blackest page of American
There were some sixty verdicts of petty
juries rendered in North Carolina. Very
®J)e fflitlg State Smtttwit;
RlCHMONDrVA.. TIIITRSDAY EVENING. OCTOBER W. 1871. VOL.IIT.NO.2Sl.
cal organs. But the public opinion of the
American people is rendering a more im
posing and a more crushing verdict in
another form. California echoes to
Maine, Pennsylvania seconds Ohio, in
repudiating that Democracy which has
ought to perpetuate its power in the
South by means of the secret con
>iracy and foul transactions of the
Invincible Empire." These elections pro
claim that the act of Congress designed for
the extermination of the "Empire" is
'necessary and proper" for carrying into
execution tbo powers granted by the na
ional constitution and that the party re
sponsible for tho iniquities of the "Em
pire" has forfeited all claims to the conli-
Pind support of the American peo-
JOII\ W. WOLTZ, Kewi and City Editor.
LOCAL MATTERS.
~i ni i wosm
REPUBLICAN NOMINEES.
For the Senate.
Hon J. R. I'OPHAM. WILLIAM TROY,
JOHN WOODWORTH.
Fer the House.
D. W. BOHANNON, O. S. MILLS,
HORACE L. KENT, HENRY MILLER,
JOHN RANKIN.
THE CHICAGO DISASTER.
Public Meeting.
Mayor's Office,
Richmond, October 10, 1871. I
A calamity, unexampled in our history
n its magnitude and effects, has overtaken
the peoplo of the city of Chicago. Scores
of thousands of men, women and children
are homeless and starving—the victims of
a visitation so sudden and overwhelming
and extensive, that it has swept from e.\
stence every local means of aid at the same
moment that it has multiplied by the thou
sand fold the need of that aid.
In tho presence of this disaster I invito
my fellow-citizens of Richmond to assetu
>le and take such steps as to them may
seem appropriate for extending assistance
to the unhappy sufferers, and to that end 1
!iavc taken the liberty of calling public
meeting, to convene at the City Hall,
Thursday evening, at 8 o'clock.
A. M. Keiley, Mayor.
An Hour of Terror.—Last night
about 8 o'clock a severe storm of wind sud
denly fell upon the city. Houses and trees j
creaked and swayed, and the streets being
dry ar>l very dusty, a most wild and tern
ale scene was presented. Clouds of dust,
leaves, twigs ami great branches of trees
filled the air. People in the streets seemed
panic-stricken, anil even the poor horses
and other animals became frantic with
fright at the sudden and terrible scene
around them.
To add to the terror of the hour, an
alarm of fire was sounded. This brought
hundreds of people already quite excited
by the dreadful disaster at Chicago, into
the streets, fearful that our fair city might
also become the prey of the lire licud.
They ran hither and thither through tho
blinding dust, each eagerly inquiring,
"Where is the fire?"
Happily no conflagration lent its terror
to the occasion, and tho excitement soon
subsided, as did also the violent wind. A
gentle ram ensued, and the city assumed
its wonted peaceful appearance.
The Route of Old John Korinsok's I
Mammoth Three Tent Show
through the States of Virginia
and North Carolina, viz :—Burke- I
ville, Saturday, Oct. 7th Danville, Mort-
day, 9th; Clover, Tuesday, 10th Rich
mond, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday,
October 11th, 12th and I,'llh Petersburg
Saturday, 14th Weldon, N. 0., Monday,
16th; Tarboro', Tuesday, 17th Rocky
Mount, Wednesday, 18th; Wilson, Thurs
day, 19th; Goldsboro', Friday, 20th; Ral
eigh, Saturday, 21st; Hillsboro', Monday,
23rd; Greensboro', Tuesday, 24th; Salis
bury, Wednesday, 25th Charlotte, Thurs
day, 20th; Chester, Friday, 27th Wiimes
barre, Saturday, 28th; Columbia, S.
I' 30th.
ission—Adults, 75 cents; children j
IB years of age, 80 cents.
Theatre Badly Managed.—
ular attendant upon the porforiti
t the Richmond Theatre, usually
ie same familiar faces every night,
l the managers learn, that their
who once see an ordinary play per*
by ordinary players preler a change
;ramme, they will have learned a
c lesson to themselves and their en-
Even Mrs. Chanfrau and her
play of "Christie Johnstone,"failed
an audience but one night, and il
l fact, we can see no good reason for
forcing Mr. Morris and his play of Dol
lars" upon the people of Richmond for three
nights.
We are not in New York, nor liave tn
New York audiences, and the sooner this
fact is known tho better it will be for al
parties.
We speak thus because we aro friendly
to the theatre and are anxious to see it a
fixed institution of Richmond but unless
our advice is regarded, we cannot but pre
dict a failure at an early day of that which
we hope so much will succeed.
Old John Rorinson's Card The
Price of Admission Reduced. —Old Join
Robinson would respectfully announce to
the people of the State of irginia, that ii
consequence of the partial failure of th
crops in some localities, and the genera
depression in money matters, that in view
of the immense patronage he has already
received, and hoping for a continuance o
the same, he has concluded to reduce the
price of admission to his great Three Ten
Show, Museum, Caravan, Menagerie ant
Circus, i. c, 75 cents for adults, and 5i
cents for children under ten years of age
instead of $1.75 cents, which was charget
through the State of Tennessee, on accoun
of the exhorbitant high rates of license
imposed upon the exhibition. Remembe
the prices are Adults, 75 cents chil
dren under ten years of age, 50 cents.
Gone to His Desolated Home.—
Our young friend Frank Glaasop, who ha
been spending several weeks in our city
left night before last for his desolated home
in Chicago. Mr. Glassop has long been
attended, although the efforts of tho per
formers were in no wise lessened. The
crowtl went away satisfied that the exhibi
tion is all clai tned for it by the proprietors.
Last night, in spite of the threatening
appearance of the weather, more than two
thousand people entered the immense can-
Ii the wonders of nature and
rvhich many of the perform
ed in their profession. A
:r the crowd hail become
y storm ot wind ami rain
city, driving the people home
>rt the usual programme.
vass, surrounded by savage
y excited by tho approach of
the most desirable place in
the people showed their
•tiring, particularly as other
vill be afforded them of wit
rat exhibition. AYe hope for
to-night, and that the prince
who knows tho value of
nay be liberally rewarded by
of a large crowd. To-night,
d to-morrow night, the last
rvill be afforded our citizens
great show.
or Sale to the Mam
,'an Menagerie and Cut
to Richmond for th vi.i
Ith, 12th and 13th.
rinsou would respectfully say
-iends and patrons in the city
md vicinity, who are desirous
his mammoth three-tent
;ir families, and do not wish
b} r the annoyance of crowd
e masses which always be
t wagon, that ho has placed
tie at the following places,
tnston's, booksellers and sla
;000 Maiti street; Bodeker
;ists, No. 1444 Main street;
rld's music store, No. 920
ad at James C. Roy's, book
:tioner, comer of Ninth and
admission will be 75 cents
I 50 cents for children under
)URT. —The case of Sarah
ed with administering poison
irner, was, on account of the
ncssos, continued till October
;uian, charged with offering to
M. Smith to set lire to a
bailed in $1000 to appear in
John Cooper, Richard Mcek
,t, Anderson Graves, Frank
ylor an'd|John Kennedy, were
all sums for various offences. I
i and Virginia United.
lslant, at the residence of the
in Salem, Roanoke county,
;>nel Charles W. Lowell, of j
was married to Miss Sallic
lghter of Adolphus A. Hull', j
well is present postmaster at
aud was, during the war, a
General Canby. He has led
ie of Virginia's fairest daugh
om and himself we wish a
happy future. The young
c of Yankees, we are glad to
ininated, as we predicted it
a surrender of all prejudice,
■render to tho arms of loyalty,
uch unions would soon break
r formidable hatred of national
lional affairs. Let the good
:er your Cases in the
tes Courts. —A. circular to j
the United States courts has
y the Department of Justice,
em to devote themselves ener-
I getically to the prosecution of the cases in
which tho United States is a party. A let
ter to that Department from the Commis- j
siooer of Internal Revenue, says there are i
more than one thousand suits instituted I
under the internal revenue laws undecided
in these courts, many of which have been
pending for several years, and that many
thousands of dollars have been lost to the I
government from the unnecessary j
for the government having disap-
J peared and sureties upon bonds i
j urges ttiat the largest number of pending i
cases, both old and new, be brought to trial j
and final judgment at the ensuing term of j
these courts and intimates that the gov- l
eminent will hold District Attorneys pri
marily responsible for failure to bring the j
cases to speedy trial.
Under these circumstances, persons hay- j
ing cases may expect them to be pressed
j for trial at tlie earliest possible moment, j
j ami as Judge Bond wiilbe here on the 21st
inst., and the petit jury being summoned j
I to be present, we would advise them to be
Billiards. —A match game of bil-
liords was played last evening at Bedford j
k Ives' Billiard Temple that will do to go j
j on record with some of the professional j
games. The game was the three ball ca-
rom, one hundred and fifty points up, and
was playec'. on a I'helan Collender sJxll i
carom tabie.. The contestants were Mr. j
James B. Marvin, late of the Spotswood, j
ameteurs of this city. Marvin gave the j
odds a discount. At the close, the game
stood Marviji 150, Doctor 73. 'Winner's
Professional gentJemeil had better look out
for their laurels, else Mr. Marvin, by his
accomplishments, wiil «_vim a surrenuer of
All Lovely in Amelia.—We are in
j formed that Hon. Chits. 11. Porter's speech
at Amelia C. 11. yesterday was a most stir
ring effort. It had the happiest effect upon
tho large concourse of people who heard it
it. It inspired the greatest e.'ithusia-Mu
among the Republicans of tho con 'ity, and
finally united them as one man in supjiort
of tho cause in the present contest, lhey
will, without doubt, present an unbi oken
front till victory is won.
Due Credit.—AVe cull much of the
news in regard to the Chicago disaster, pub
lished to-day, from that very excellent and
enterprising newspaper, the Washington j
Daily Chronicle.
'leaked.—The brig "Tula." 'William j
Reed, master, cleared from trie custom- j
house this morning, laden with 1,834 btn
rels of Hour, shipped by the Gullego Mills
company, for Rio Grande do Sul. The
cargo is valued at §14,100.
Pehsonai.—Justice Child*, of our s's
j\. regular meeting ol tne Lxccutivc con
niittee of the Virginia State Agricultun
Society was held al the Exchange Hotc
j Richmond, on Tuesday, 10th instant.—
1 Present: Mr. Lewis B. Harvie, president
Messrs. Xoland, Haskins, lrby, Drewrv
I Ficklin, Watkins, Carter, Walker, Lee am
Haxall. (Mr. Watkins in the chair.)
The following resolutions were adoptet:
Jicsolceil, Thnt the account of E. Q. Leigh
Sr cretary and Treasurer, Ire referred to a coin
mitteo, consisting!)!' Messrs. Knight, liar-kins iv
iiat they proceed to examine, sta
ie tains to tin- end of the fiscal yea
i the ;<nth of September.
That the Secretary, under direetio
rlenl, empioy suchclerical aid as ma
iry in anticipation »f and upon th
be approaching Fair.
That tlie Chief Marshal be nutho
loy a band of music by the day, to b
t ills discretion during flic Fair.
atter of a premium awarded t
Icrndon for the imported sho
"Duke of Fairview, it was
That the whole subject bo referred
ill, with the request that be inver-.
Iter and repsrt to the next meetii
on of Mr. Noland,
That the Committee on Dlscretionarv
be authorized to award the diplotn
L'ty for any invention invented am
I a Virginian which may be tteemet
id important to the cause of agrieu
mechanic art.
on, the last part of the 7th para
"Rules and Regulations" wa
o as to read
ugh animals or articles for exhihitlo
lived at any time during the Fair, y
is will be allowed for any article o
entered and in place on Monday, 30t
i paragraph was amended so a
rt horses may be sold at auction, c
first day of the exhibition, during t
but shall not be removed," etc.
on, it was
Tbat tie' requestor the Virginia Hu
the privilege of free entrance to th
ds be granted, and that the secreta
the time of ihe hurdlo race by pn
he presi of the city.
That a committee, consisting of Co
Huskins and the Chief Marshal,
o direct and control all the measure
:o refreshments for the FairUround
That tlie President be authorized
y aids to receive and exlend ihe eou
ie Society to distinguished goes
Messrs. Noland and Carter,
ion of Mr. Harvie
That tho sectional societies of tl
rtted to send delegates to the annua
this Society, to be held on the .list o
consider and adopt tlie wisest am
nt method of enlisting Ihe practle
ut these societies, and the favmc
lies of the Stale, in the promotion o
crest of'agriculuu'e and the mechau
h the instrumentality of a State o
where the annual meeting Of tho local
ye already beeu held, the president
respectfully requested to appoint such
n invitation hi 1 hereby cordially ex
ie Presidents of all local agricultural
me societies to attend our annual
nd take part in the consultation alxn c
ur Secretary can-e these resolutions
'lied in the city papers, with a reauest
be copied iu'all the papers of the
ion of General Lee, resolved that
:t meeting of the Executive Com
question of making the presi
de different societies throughout
ex-officio Vice Presidents of the
cty be considered and the sense
imittee be taken upon the subject.
That should it be the opinion of the
OommlUee that such action would ad
cause of agriculture and the interests
iely, that lle-y recommend lo :he gen
ug of the Society such changes in thi
ll as would accomplish that object.
That the President and a committee
appointed to confer with the various
nil steamboat authorities and arrange
i-ins for transportation of freight and
m to the Fair.
tteo: Messrs. Lee, Ficklin, lrby,
That the Chief Marshal and the Sec
rvido suitable rooms for tho general
the Society,
tion of Mr. lrby, resolved that
ma of the Society be awarded as
tn to the couuty that shall make
st exhibition of its agricultural
ral productions at the next annual
Meeting.—The public
if citizens called by Mayor Keiley
c attention of all our people. A\ c
t the men of means m Richmond
ght show a liberality commonsur
tho magnitude of the calamity
s befallen a great city of ourcom-
DED Ot'T,—Much important mat
red for this issue of our paper has
voidably crowded out.
E X F. 1). —The British brigantinc
Ingram" entered at the custoni
lis morning from Halifax, N. S.,

IO.\JJ TIIEATK_.
KTRESS Mrs. W, T. POWELL.
trill night of the engagement of
1 appear a* AMINIDAB SLEEK in
Tin: sekiocs family,
and as a
lUTCUMAN IN TROUBLE.
DAY EVENING, BENEFIT OF
ok out for HUTCH KICHARD,
CNR- J. SMITH, SHERIFF Ol'
RICO COUNTY—GttF.rmxn Hy virtue
wer conferred by the General Assembly
ilges of the county'courts to issue writs
n in till vacancies in county offices, and
rg now vaoandss existing in the ofllces
ft', Superintendent of the Poor, and
surveyor, for our county, this is, there
unmand you to give notice that an elec-
SHEBIFF, SUPERINTENDENT OF
OH, and COUNTY SURA'EYOR, will
y the qualified voters of the county, at
iting-places in the county, on the FIIIST
L_ after tin- flrsl Monday In November
t being geueusl election day.
County Court Judge, Henrico county.
HKKIFF OF HENRICO COUNTY
iin' earnest solicitation of many friends,
fully announce myself a candidate for
Of SHERIFF ef Henrico comity. To
,o know me, 1 need not add, that if II
B the pleasure of my fellow-citizens to
I will discharge the duties of the office
dure with the sanio impartiality and
that I have endeavored to exercise as
jr the past four years.
Very respectfully,
H. J. SMITH,
2t Sheriff Henrico county.
NHiHT HOI M.
SCAMM E L L
I, NINTH STREET, NEAR BROAD,
is proprietor of the
ALL NIGHT HOUSE IN RICHMOND,
■men can be supplied with OYSTERS In
y\i\ and wilh choice WINES, LUi UORS,
member,
NEWS BY LATE MAILS.
Destruction of Pnhlic Hnililinet.
All the theatres, opera-houses, and pub
c halls are destroyed. I'arwell Hall was
large and beautiful building. The autli
orium and galleries handsomely Mated
more than four thousand persons. The
Crosby Opera-House was a very fine struc-
turc. In this was held the convention that
ominatcd General Grant to the Presidency,
on which occasion there were supposed to
>o ten thousand persons present, on the j
lage, in the halls, galleries, ie. MoVick
r's Theatre, next to the Tribune office,
lad just been enlarged at an expense ut
bout .*1')0,(KI0—ono of the finest in the
ountrv. Its destruction must make a loss j
f nearly half a million of dollars. The i
Vcademy of Design, on Adams street, was j
ompletetl only about a year ago. It wa-
work of exquisite beauty, and its galle- j
ies and studios were filled with many rare
vorks of art, among them being Bother-
vol's great painting of the battle of Get
ysburg. In the Opera-House Art Cal
ory were also many great paintings and
works of sculpture.
lloolcy's Opera House, on Clark street,
vas formerly known as Bryan Hall, built
iy a gentleman well known in this city. Its
■hicf historical interest is that it was there
that the remains of Stephen A. Douglas lay
n state for several days before they were j
arried to their final resting place. Wood's
Museum, on Randolph street, was an im- 1
nense building, and contained a very great
number of curiosities. The Dearborn-St.
heatro was a handsome, but not very large
tructure. The burning of these public
Holdings has entailed a loss of millions of
ollai's, and of course throws many persons
ut of all means of livelihood for the pre-
Aiuong the great disasters whose agtrre
ate makes up the fearful calamity of the
rrcat fire there are few which will appeal
now universally to the sympathies of the i
itelligent public than the destruction of the
fiices of the great daily journals of Chica-
to. Every one of these great offices is laid
JW in ashes!
The Tribune.
The Chicago Tribune building was the j
inest building of the kind in the world. It
was erected during 18fiS, at a cost, if wo re
ollect correctly, of about $$75,000. which
urn of money was made by the Tribstnc I
newspaper in a period of nineteen months,
'he building was of a beautiful stone, of a
ight gray color, of a beautiful bright luster,
Hit not glaring like white marble. It wits
bur stories in height, the press, folding and
nailing rooms being in the basement, the
counting-room on the ground floor, the
editorial, proof-reading, library, and compo
sition rooms occupying the whole of the
btirth story. Tho pressrooms contained
wo eight-cylinder Hoe presses, one of
which is said to have been the finest ma
chine of the kind in the world. Its cost
vas $32,000. The greatness of this estab
ishment may he conceived when we state
hat the expense for news editor.-;, corres
pondents, Ac, is about 110,000 a week.
The Times..
The building was of Joliet marble, four
stories in height, with a basement for prer-s
ami folding-rooms. The site of the build
ng .is on Dearborn street, one-half block
north of the Tribune office. The. property
was worth, perhaps, a quarter of a million.
Tbe profits of its proprietor, who is __t>
chief editor, were last year about $80,000.
The Kvcniuu Post.
The office of tho Editing Pent was on
Madison street, a few doors west of the
Tribune. In the same building is also the
Staat.t-Zeituiti/, and adjoining, in a similar
buildiug, is that of the Keening Mail. The
block was of Joliet marble, basement and
four stories, and very handsome in architec
ture, as it was immense in size. The
presses used here were Hoes' four and two
cylinders. Counting-rooms, editorial-rooms
and all were very excellent, and the loss to
the different companies publishing these
journals must be hundreds of thousands of
dollars.
The Republican.
The Republican office was in a plain
building on Washington street. The press
was a six-cylinder hoe. The loss in build
ing and material would not amount to
more than $100,000, if so much.
The Eveiiinß Journal.
Every one who has visited Chicago, stop
ping tit the Tremont House, will recollect
tlie Journal building, opposite on Dearborn
street. It was one of tho few venerable
relics of a former generation of which t 'hi
cago could boast. The building was a
plain, four-story brick. The conveniences
of the office were gootl, and tho loss must
be very heavy.
With the tfestruetion of these offices of
the daily journals several hundred men are
temporarily thrown out of employment.
Compositors, pressmen, carriers, messen
gers, and the like, who need their pay
weekly, can not number less than a thou
sand. There are probably 5,000 souls dc
i pending upon them for their daily bread,
and many of them are now utterly without
shelter Irom the rains ami storms of heaven.
The lakeside Publishing Company's
great house has gone. This had in opera
tion about seventy presses, and was one ol
the greatest printing houses in tho West
It published the Lakeside Magazine, other
periodicals and journals, ami books. The
loss of the company will be very great.
If we reflect a moment we shall see how
serious is this destruction of property
amounting, in journals and printing estab
lishments alone, to several million dollars
and throwing thousands of persons out o
employment, out of bed, out of homes.
The Uiirin 1 Hotels.
The Pacific House, just finished at an ex
pense of 62,500,000, was the largest bote
in America, and only surpassed in exten
by two or three grand hotels of Europe. 1
was built of granite, Joilet marble, am
iron. The Sherman House, larger than
any hotel in New York, was built of Joilet
marble. The Tremont House was im
mense in size, but built of brick, hand
somely adorned, however, with architectu
ral beauties. The Briggs House was about
equivalent to Willard's Hotel in Washing
ton city. Tho Palmer House, comer o
I State and Quincy, was completed only a
MM ago. It was of great size, built a
I Joiict marble. It was nine stories in heigh
furnished in the most tasteful manne
lhroughout. The loss by the destructio
of this hotel must be very great. The St
James, the Adams House, and other larg
hotels have fallen before the dread destroy
er, so that at present not many travelers t
Chicago would have where to lay the
President Grant's Less.
The property of the President of tl
-lir'veil liy the liro.
Field, la iter Co.
This was the greatest retail house in the
dry goods trade in Chicago. It also did a
large jobbing business. Its annual sales
are about lilteen million dollars.
John Weiiuvorth.
A i.i-patch states that the lnsses of Long
John Wcntworth amount tt) three millions
of dollars.
John V. Farwell k Co.
The great house of Jnhn V. Farwell <l
Co. is again destroyed. The immense
building, saitl to be the most beautiful struc
ture for business purposes iv America, was
burned less than a year ago. The house
has just done an annual business of $25,
--000.000, and ranks next to Stewart Co.
in the variety and extent of its mercantile
operations.
Potter Palmer.
Ho owned about a mile of real estate on
State street, much of which was covered
with vast and costly buildings, One of
them, occupied by Field, Inciter Co.,
rented for $52,000 a year. There were
others nearly as good. The Palmer House
was built by bun, but when he married
.Miss Honore, favorably known in Wash
ington, he settled this fine property upon
her. We beg to express a special sym
pathy for her loss. It is estimated that
Mr. "Palmer's losses will reach $5,000,01X1.
Irlcucrul Loiian.
The summer residence of General I/Ogan,
on Calumet avenue, is nearly a mile from
the burned district, and therefore safe.
The residence of Colonel Ingersoll, now in
tliis city, is still further out, and, we are
glad to observe his valuable paintings and
library are safe.
The Iron Works.
Within tho five miles square burned over
iti Chirazo there were more I ban one
bandied different iron works, rolling mills,
Hamlin .V Co.
The great house of Hamlin Co. is also j
destroyed, entailing heavy losses.
(•i )iernl Description of Chicago.
The city, as is well known, is immediate- j
ly on the shore of Lake Michigan. The
Chicago river flows into the lake not far
from the middle of the city north and i
south. A little less than a mile from the
lake the river divides into two branches,
which are called respectively the North and
South branch. There are thus, as amatter
of fact, three divisions of the city, which
are recognized in law also, and known as
North, South and West divisions. Of these
the West division is the largest in extent, I
and contains the most people, but the great
bulk of the business of Chicago is done in I
the South division. Here are the banks,
the great hotels, the boards of trade, the
Chamber of Commerce, the oilices of all
the daisy journals, the great wholesale l
houses, mosl of tlie theatres, the Opera
House, insurance oilices, the apartments of j
speculators, ie, etc. There are many
manufactories in the North and West di- j
visions, but the grant active life of Chicago j
is south of Ciiicago river, between the
lake and the South branch. In this space,
for a distance of about eight blocks
from the main river, the great busi- I
ness operations of tlie city are performed. J
This part of the city has been noted for its j
great and splendid buildings. Here, for
many consecutive blocks, were vast struc- I
tures, beautiful in design, and wonderfully i
imposing in general eject. The part of j
l_ke street on this side of the river, and
the second street from the principal stream, i
is not surpassed by any street in America.
No part of Broadway, for so great a dis-
I tance, is equal to it. At the head of this
j street, on the lake, is the great Union depot,
I built of stone and iron, and about as large
iBS the Capitol of the United States. Three
i blocks distant was the Tremont House,
I larger than any hotel in Washington, now
lin ruins. The streets crossing this and
i parallel therewith, were all built up with
i noble structures—magnificent proofs of the
enterprising spirit of the citizens of Chi-
I cago. One of the crossing streets is the
famous Wabash avenue, the most noted
j city drive of the metropolis, adorned with
a thousand beautiful residences, ami many
1 great churches. Michigan avenue, fronting
Jon the lake is another. In point of resi
dences, this is the Fifth avenue of Chicago.
The north division, near the lake, has
many lino resiliences, which are noted for
extensive grounds and elaborate ornamen
lalion by treos and shrubbery. Hut there
aro no such great rows of business houses
here as on the south side neither are there
j on the west side but this part of the city
1 does much business, anil always wears an
animated look. Some of the iinest resi
deuces of the city are here, antl also some
|of the most noted churches. In all parts
of the city except the northern part—for,
say, three-quarters of a mile from Chicago
I river—there are many wooden buildings.
The city is not, in all parts of it, compactly
I built. It is about twelve miles long, north
and south, and about six miles wide being,
i in fact, one of the most extensive cities, in
j geographical area, in tho world. In front
of the city is the lake, in rear a vast ix
pause ol prairie. So that, when the winds
j do blow at Chicago, they blow with great
I force. Such has been the case during the
I terrible visitation.
The Fires Saturday No.hi.
Tin-re were two fires on Saturday night.
I One was in Wells street, in the south divi
sion, but, though ordinarily it would liavc
I created some excitement, it is hardly men
tioned since the great calamity that follow
ed. On the same evening, however, there
was a great lire on the west side. It con
sumed several blocks of buildings, but was
at length subdued by the lire department.
j llv these tires many families were render- I
j ed homeless, but the buildings were Boat
ly poor, and the loss was not estimated at
More than half a million dollars. Except
j as a temporary inconvenience, this disaster
Ur would not have at all interrupted the
activity anil progress of Chicago. Hut on
Sunday night, about 9 o'clock, began
The GreatConfltmrntion,
This great eonllagration began in the 1
west division, some two miles and a half
southwest of the court-house. The fire
originated on Dekoven street, a short and
unimportant thoroughfare. On one side of
tho block is Jefferson, on the other Dcs
Plaines street, running north and south.
j Next east of Jefferson is Clinton street.
All theso arc long and important streets,
and on two of them for two or three miles
are street railways. The "fire became un- I
manageable, and, impelled by a furious j
j gale, swept over the doomed city, first in a
j northern direction and then eastward. It
raged with fearful fttrv along both sides ol
the South branch. Here were iinmensa I
j lumber-yards, with millions of feet of dry I
j lumber, and vast coal and wood-yards, all
full of the best possible comiuislibles.
I There were ten thousand tons of soft coal
I in one of these yards. The, c are .several of I
#vemufl jjoutnul
II rarer for tbe CoTrrnment.
ATES OF ADVtRTIMM-.
iLLAK per square of eight Urn
L RAT>;s mad.' at counter,
villi rr'gular patrons,
his part of the city. The be!
mmense fire must have been l:ki>
seven-times heated furnace. It no
mated the men of the lire dcpai t*
v performing as efficient sen ice
c been done under ordinary cu
es. And so the llatnes went on
dless power, and about midnight
iy hail reached the heart of the
part of the city, and were glaiinu;
t on the Chamber of Commerce
court-house, and the great marts
At 1 o'clock the Union Nation
juilding —one of the noblest strnc
thc kind in the I'nioti— wan in
An hour afterward the vast niai
building in which was the prim i
of the Western I'nion Telegraph,
;he headquarters of Cen. Sheridan,
burn. Then the Chamber of
c, then the Court-house, then tin-
House, and by noon hall ot the
portion of Chicago was in Haines,
ibraeed many great hotels, the
of Design, tho Art Gallery of the
rcra House, the offices of
ling Post, the Times, the Mail,
x-Ziitung, the Journal, the Abe* I
the custom-house, city postollice.
Ires, a thousand inagmlii em, build
ting many millions of dollars t,.
i the Academy and Art I lallery
iy invaluable works of art, iv I Ic
ing, among other noted Works,
painting of Yosomite Valley.
now smoking ruins were givul
tensive libraries, immense bo.r:
md a large number of beautiful
i, which had received the decora
many years of tasteful care, giv
icago the name of tho iarden City,
urches have also been de-troyr■■!.
in our telegraphic columns item"
md and melancholy interest, tilt
ing one of the saddest records thai
loin has been called upon to read
generations, and tho like of which,
it may please Heaven, no suceecd
ration may be called upon to
l all men must lament this awful
he.
IEASCRES FOR UIXIF.F.
outlay, General .Sheridan telc
from Chicago to the Secretary of
think not less than 100,00!) pco
louseless, and those who have had
wealth are now the poorest, li
me to bo such a terrible misfor
t it may with propriety be con
national calamity."
try Belknap made the followingre
"l agree with you that She lire is
.1 calamity. The sufferers have the
pmpathy of the nation. Officers at
:s at St. Louis, Jelfersonville and
3, have been ordered to forward
liberally and promptly."
ate printers of the treasury iie
contributed $775 for the relief
ago sulferers, and forwarded th
;o that city,
ibscriptiou thus far iv tl.o censu
•inters in the government printing
latcd one day's salary to the Chi
erers, and the District of Columbia
ated $100,000, besides cash contri
mtions from private sources to the amount
f $50,000 moro.
Buffalo, New York, donates $i<1i),0.i..,
nd the Board of Trade has opened a suV
list for the sulferers.
Governor Brown, of Missouri, has issue 1
proclamation urging all cities and towns
id associations to take immediate stops lo
rganizo relief and respond promptly.
The citizens and various societies of Al
bany have contribute.! about $18,090; and
'roy $10,000. The council oi Roche
ias voted $70 000. The citizens of Pough
;eepsie raised $2,000 in twenty minute-,
nd are besides sending forward large
i uantities of bedding and clothing.
Gov. Baldwin, of Michigan, has isso
proclamation calling upon the people of Hie
State to take immediate steps for th.' ivl.ci'
of the sufferers.
Pittsburg has sent several car loads of
provisions and clothing, ami her moncv
scriptions amount to $40,000.
James Yick, the celebrated florist, and
the "Protective" fire company, of Roches
ter, have sent a ear load of cooked provi
sions and Toronto Lodge of Odd Fellows,
of the same city, appropriate $250.
Gov. Randolph, of New Jersey, has
Komptly called upon the people ot
ate for donations, and will give piei'sp
attention to the shipment of a'l suppi
that can be collected.
Kansas City, Mo., has appropriated $10,
--000, and private subscriptions will swell
the amount to $25,000.
A resolution was olleied in the Slate Sen
ate of Tennessee on Tuesday, appropriating
K>,ooo for the relief of the C.iicag.i sui
rers.
The council nf Louisville has appro],ri
ated $50,000, the private subscriptions will
reach $70,000, and 15 car loads of supplies
lave already gone forward,
The Mayor of Chicago was telegraph-;
to draw on Boston for ■'$100,00.1, and the
Shoe and leather Exchange has lot warded
$10,000.
The banking houses of London have con
tributed $5,000.
Brooklyn. N. Y. contributes $100,000.
The New York Stock Exchange has con
tributed $20,000; the Produce Ksnhalige,
$17,000 the Gold Exchange, $5,000 the
Chamber tt Commerce, $S_,()00; A. T.
Stewart, $50,000 Board uf Trade, $11,3<)U
and various other societies, firms, and indi
viduals of New York, havo made munil'ir-eii
donations.
All the great through lines of railway
have tendered the use of the roads for the
transportation of supplies.
Subscriptions at tbe Cincinnati Chamber
of Commerce amount "to nearly. $00,00
and the City Council appropriates $100,
--000.
O. W. Allen, a private citizen of Nash
ville, left a check at the Banner office for
$100 for the sufferers, with a note, which
says "No North, no South, when our fel
low man is in distress."
A public meeting in Memphis expressed
the deepest sympathy for the sufferers, and
inaugurated steps to raise supplies and
money "to the entire limit of our ability."
Tho Board of Trade of Oswego has con
tributed $2,000; the city of Wheeling,
$5,000; Cleveland, $10,000; Indianapolis,
$10,000; Kvansville, $10,000; Columbus,
$10,000, and large private subscriptions;
Detroit, $100,000 Llizabeth, New Jersey,
$10,000; Covington, Kentucky, $5,000.
Public and private subscriptions through
out the length and breadth of the laud arc
pouring in. The noble attributes of the
people are developing themselves to SUcfa
an extent as will go far toward stripping
the great calamity of much if its terror,
and alleviate much of the suffering which i;
entails.
O T I C E
STEAMF.R PALISADE will noi ~,im.- Ie i
regular trip to King's Mill on 'Mil RSDAT, _-*'•
in; to lay up for repairs. I>ue notice wdl begivcn
of the resumption ot her tnpr-