fcraps and Jacts.
The City of Richmond, Va., has subscrilted
$10,000 for the relief of Chicago.
The cholera is epidemic at Constantinople,
iu Turkey.
The hog slaughtering season has opened
in earnest in Kentucky.
The cackling of geese saved Rome, and
the kick of a cow destroyed Chicago.
The latest agony among fashionable
New York youths is to wear a small thermornter
on the side of the hat.
The census statistics show that the total
number of Germans residing in the United
States is 1,690,533.
Governor Brown, of Missouri, has
placed Dunklin and Stoddard counties under
martial law for the suppression of the kuklu:
The number of dead bodies discovered
in Chicago, is less than one hundred and
li.l
iweniy-nve. Many persons supposea to nave
been lost are alive and well.
The following insurance companies are
reported suspended: The Market Company,
of New York City; the Hide and Leather,
the Independent, the National, and the New
England Mntual, of Boston the North American
and Putnam, of Hartford, and the Norwich,
of Hartford.
Official lists of the losses of the German
armies in the recent war with France
have been completed. The total stated is 111,000,
of whom 18,900 are set down as dead,
87,000 wounded, and 6000 missing. The
Bmallness of the figures is sorprisiue, but their
accuracy is vouched for by the official
authorities.
The Amherst Standard is responsible
for the following: "One of our sophomores
has devised a new way of telling bad news.
He writes home to his father: "I came near
II I 1_ 93 A
losing tnirty-seven auiiars last weea. auxi(Tus
parent writes back that he is thankful
the money was not lost, and wants to know
"how near." By return mail, "Came within
one of it?lost thirty-six."
On the 7th of November, Maryland
elects a Governor, State officers, and Legislature
Massachusetts and New Jersey, each
a Governor and Legislature; Minnesota and
Winconsin, each Governor, State officers and
Legislature; Mississippi and Virginia, election
of Legislature; Illinois, election of a
Congressman at large; New York, election of
State officers and Legislature.
A Washington dispatch of the 18th
inst, to the Savannah News, says: "Grant's
last epistle to the Carolinians has caused considerable
and excited comment here to-day.
Everybody was taken by surprise. The more
honest Republicans admit that the proclamation
is not justified by any official information
received from South Carolina, but was
brought about by the influence of carpet-baggers,
aided by such fanatics as Senator Scott,
of Pennsylvania, who brought a pressure to
bear upon Grant by working upon his ambition
for a renomination."
The American Colonization Society expect
to despatch an expedition for Liberia on
the first of November, 1871. To industrious
and worthy people of color the society will
n give passage and subsistence on the voyage?
made iu about forty days?and support for
the first six months after landing. Single
adult persons get ten acres, and families twen1
ty-five acres of land. These are all gifts,
never to be repaid. Those wishing to remove
to Liberia should make application, addressed
to Rev. William McLain, D. D., financial
Secretary, or to William Coppinger, corresponding
Secretary of the American Colonization
Society, Washington, D. C.
Those who know best give the satisfactory
assurance that the Chicago disaster is
/\T aiink moemiLi/lA m a knoinnco onnon no
IJVI* U4 OUVU UIO^IUVUUO 1U <9 I/UOIUON Ovuov HQ
to-warrant apprehension of a scarcity in the
articles of bre&dstuffs. There are other cities
beside the Garden City capable of storing and
shipping to the Atlantic seaboard the products
of the West Milwaukee, Racine and
Cleavelacd are fully equal to the emergency,
and are prepared to send all the wheat and
grain now in stock and ready for shipment
to the ports and depots of the East So well
is this understood that the price of wheat and
grain has only advanced from four to five
cents since the announcement of the partial
destruction of the Chicago means of transportation,
and the market is now reported as
flat
The Washington Patriot says: "Mr.
Boutwell, in his speech at Cincinnati, stated
that the public debt on the 1st of March,
1866, was ?2,530,889.80, and on the 1st of
July last, he published it in his monthly debt
statement as $2,464,805,405.51. By deducting
the amount of the debt July 1, 1871,
from what it was March 1, 1866, it will be
seen that, according to the Secretary of the
Treasury, it has been reduced in five years
and four months precisely $65,958,484.29.
This being an average of $13,000,000 a year,
we will, therefore, be able to pay off the entire
debt in just 189 years and 6 months, provided
the' present rate of taxation is kept up. Last
year's receipts were $831,398,481.52?onethird
of the eutire debt This is why the
Republicans are complimenting Mr. Boutwell
for his rapid extinguishment of the public
debt."
There is no truth whatever in the report
that the Khedive of Egypt has dismissed
the American officers serving in his army. It
was conjectured that this step has been taken
nnt hccanse Ismail Pacha was dissatisfied with
the military abilities or fealty of our martial
countrymen, but to conciliate his not unreasonably
jealous Suzerain, the Sultan of Turkey
and it was predicted that the dismissal
of the Americans would be followed by a material
reduction of the forces of Egypt. It is
now ascertained that the Khedive is as much
an ambitious sovereign as ever he was. He
retains his American generals, and does not
reduce bis troops a single man. No European
sovereign can so well afford to maintain an
army on a war footing as this dweller on the
banks of old Nile. He is richer than any one
of his brother potentates in Europe, Asia or
Africa, and forces from bis hapless subjects
taxes to the amount of two-thirds of the products
of his kingdom. This is a sad state of
affairs for the hapless Egyptians, but it enhances
the power of the grasping and unscrupulous
monarch.
The Democracy of the country looks
with admiration upon Texas, from which
State comes the best news of the season. The
sweep made over that broad country is thorough
and irresistible, not a vestige of the Radical
organization being left to represent misrule
in Congress. The news has been long in
coming from the sunny cities and the broad
pasture lands of Texas, but it comes impressively
at last, showing a Democratic majority
of forty thousand, a gain of three members of
Congress. The entire Congressional delegation
is now a unit in political principle, solidly
Democratic; and this fact is all the more
gratifying because of the immense popular
majority which sustains the representatives of
the people at home. In the midst of bayonet
repression, proclamations of martial law, and
political prosecutions along the entire range
of Southern States, this triumph of the Democracy
of Texas is all the more notable.
koo vkaan Iayi/v on/1 onttofo the
J- ht) UUiJ K9t UOO t/^u iuug auu ovivavj vuv
usual partisan influences have been applied
by the faction having the success of the administration
at heart, and the result is in every
way a victory for the people of which they
may well be proud.
The Viceroy of Egypt has hit upon a
financial idea which no brain, if weexcentMr.
Boutwell's, could have conceived. He has
assessed all landholders six years' rent in advance,
with the promise of a "rebate" of fifty
per cent ever after. This scheme is likely to
miscarry, from the simple fact that the landowners
have not the money to pay the rent as
demanded; but it serves to illustrate the difficulties
in which that gay and generous
Prince has managed to involve himself Having
studied in the school of European as well
as Eastern 1 ixury, he has contrived to combine
the extravagances of the two systems in
a manuer possible only in Europe. He keeps
i an opera at Cairo, to which he summons the
lights of the lyric stage in Europe by telegraph
j without inquring as to expense; and this he
J supplements with a theatre and three circuses
in constant operation. He has some twenty!
four palaces scattered about his provinces, and
i his purchases of white slave girls are the lar!
gest in the market As if this were not
enough, he invested largely in the Suez Ca-1
nal; and now that he finds money necessary
I to preserve his peace with the Sultan, there is
nothing to be done but to put the screws on
the people. But even the Viceroy has not
yet ventured to impose an income tax.
?&e furfetiUe (Slwquim.
YORKVILLE, S. C.:
mrTTTTXflTN I vr lfA^lTTV/1 nnm rt/? 0?rt
iWUKSDAl MUillNllNtr, UUT. 20, 10/1.
Watch the Figures.?The date on the "addressj
label" shows the time to which the subscription is
paid. If subscribers do not wish their papers discontinued,
the date must be kept in advance.
Cash.?It must be distinctly understood that
our terms for subscription, advertising and jobwork,
are cash, in advance
JOBPRINttNG.
Having determined to devote more attention
hereafter to job printing than we have
done in the past, we would inform the public
that our office is now well supplied with new
type of the latest styles, and the best machinery
in use; and with a choice stock of
inks, cards, papers, &c., we are prepared to
execute as good work as can be done anyi
where in tfife United States. Orders for
Ball Tickets, Freight Billheads,
Bank Notices, Labels,
Bouds and Coupons, Law Blanks,
Bill Heads, Law Briefs,
Business Cards, j Letter Circulars,
Certificates of Deposit, Letter Headings,
Certificates of Stock, Memorandum Billheads
Checks, .Note Circulars,
Deposit Tickets, Note Headings,
Drafts and Notes, I Programmes,
j Envelopes, Policies, Fire<fe Life Ins.,
I Election Tickets, Shinplasters,
i Festival Tickets, I Wedding Cards,
will receive prompt attention, and satisfaction
as to quality of work, guaranteed in every
instance. Particular attention given to fine
work in colors.
ARRESTS *0F CITIZENS.
1 il T> J iL
As was not unexpected, ine rrusiueuia
proclamation of the 12th, was followed five
j days thereafter by another, suspending the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus in certain
sections of South Carolina.
On Thursday last, the military authorities
at this place commenced making arrests.
Several citizens of the town were arrested
while in the pursuit of their avocations, and
many persons from the country, while in town
on business, were also detained and lodged in
prison.
About the same hour that the arrests comj
menced in town, the military began to move,
i squadrons of cavalry marching out in various
I directions, for the purpose of arresting those
j in the country against whom accusations have j
J been made, for violations of the "Ku-Klux"
j and "Enforcement" Acts of Congress. On
Friday, Saturday and Sunday, squads of soldiers
were returning at all hours, havinfeii^
their custody citizens of the count|, embracing
men in all stations,, and occasionally
amongst the number would be found a negro,
of which class five are now under arrest.
The total number now in the jail at this
place is 79, of whom two are negroes; and
confined in the guard-house at the military
camp are also three negroes?Thad Archer
and Reuben Goins, of the town, and Samuel
Simril, of the county.
It may be proper here to state that very
I few arrests have been made after night, the
larger number having been made in the day
time, and, so far as we have been able to learn,
no show of resistance to authority has been
made. As may well be supposed, the jail is
very much crowded, in consequence of which
the prison accommodations are being increased,
by fitting the second story of the building
for that purpose. There is no disposition on
the part of the officials in charge to treat the
prisoners with undue harshness, and we have
been requested by some of tne prisoners to say
that their treatment has been as kind and as
i mild as they could expect. The following
list embraces all who are confined in the jail
J up to the hour of our going to press:
i A. F. McConnell, John A. Graham,
Wm. Robinson, J. C. Chambers,
J. Henry Wallace, J. H. Wood,
I J. Pink Herndon, J. L. Plexico,
R. A. Black, J. P. Warlick,
Dr. J. B. Hunter, J. S. Miller,
Samuel Wood, D. H. Carroll,f
E. F. Bell, E. S. Ramsay,
S. J. Harvey, S. R. Ramsay,
James White, J. H. McDill,
John White, W. C. Whitesides,
T.A.Douglas, J. E. Plexico, jr.,
G. E. M. Steele, J. E. Plexico, sr.,
J. R. Harper, G. D. Hood,
R. H. Gardner,-- John Rataree,
James Pressley,* James Rataree,
S. G. Brown, Minor Steele,
R. T. Riggins, Wm. Caldwell,
R. K. Seaborn, Lewis Ramsay,
J. T. Wilkereon, W. G. Gaflney,
W. S. Wilkerson, Sillis Moss,
H. H. Kell, Starnes Wylie,
J. M. Sherer, Jacob B. Moore,
H. H. Sherer, Adolphus Smith,
E. T. Avery, Wm. Moss,
Iredell Jones, Mack Byers,
W. S. May, F. G. Latham,
R. T. May, J. M. Hambright, jr.,
J. P. Gage, J. M. Hambright, sr.,
J. P. Wilson, L. M. Hardin,
S. A. Fewell, J. H. Austell,
Henry Toole,* D. M. Stewart,
'i n?T
IV* XJ, U&iDrtUUl) u. u* JLsuwutug,
James Hampton, J. M. Moss,
W. W. Gaffney, Berry Moss,
J. W. Dobson, A. Kirkpatrick,
Dr. J. B. Allison, John Ramsay,
J. "W. Mitchell, Alex. A. Barron,
Scott Owens, W. E. Camp,
i Quintinella McClain, W. T. Spencer.
*Negroes. fDischarged.
These arrests have all been made by the mil'
j itary authorities, without formal warrants, and
I it is expected that a preliminary examination of
each prisoner will be had before the United
States Commissioner, when, if in the opinion of
the Commissioner, the evidence fails to sustain
the charge, the prisoner will be released. In
j the examination before the Commissioner, the
accused will be allowed counsel. The examination
will be public, and conducted in the
manner of all legal proceedings before a Commissioner.
Attorney-General Akerraan and
j D. T. Corbiu, District Attorney of this State
are here, and, we are informed, will remain
until the conclusion of the investigation. No
time has yet been fixed for the examination,
so far as we can learn.
Of the charges or their nature against any
of the accused we are unable to give any in|
formation. The authorities are reticent in regard
to their movements and intentions, and
i we can only publish facts as they transpire,
deeming conjectures and sensational paragraphs?3uch
as will flood many of the papers
at a distance?as quite superfluous, and j
in tendency injurious.
confessions] i
We learn, from what we deem a reliable
source, that near forty persons in this county
have made confessions to the authorities here
of their connection with the "klu-klux."

a false rumor.
The reported collision between a party of
citizens and the United States soldiers at a
I place known as Pea-Ridge near the line dividing
York and Union counties, is entirely unfounded.
No difficulty of any kind has occurred
since the military authorities commenced
making arrests.
important papers.
We publish in this issue of the Enquirer,
the President's proclamation suspending the
/./.I./., /i/vmni in nortflin nnnnfiM (if i
Will; Ui U UVC/WO Wlj/WO <U VV4VMIN VVMM?.W V. j
this State; and also, as matters of interest,
we give the full text of the "Enforcement"
i act of Congress, approved May 31,1870, and j
the "Ku-Klux" act passed at the last session;
under which laws the military arrests in this
county are now being made.

A GLOOMY PROSPECT.
The wholesale arrests made by the military
in this county have had a very depressing in-
fluence on business and industrial pursuits 1
generally, and we presume such will be the
case throughout the entire section of the State 1
embraced in the proclamation of Ihe President
Crops remain in the fields unnarvested,
and on account of the general feeling of inse-
curity, business is nearly at a stand-still, i
while a large number of persons have left
the county, rather than to incur the unpleas- j
ant and uncertain consequences of arrest.
The future of our section, we are free to confess,
is now more gloomy than it has been at
any time since the close of the war.

THE MILITARY ARRESTS.
In view of the general panic which prevails
throughout this section, and the uncer-r
tain state of the public mind, produced by
the suspension of the writ of habeas carpus,
and the fact that the military authorities are
making arrests, in order to allay the excitement
as much as possible, we have had an interview
with the authorities to learn to what
extent arrests might be expected to be made.
Colonel Merrill, the officer in command, as

sured us that no improper arrests would be
made; and that any person who felt himself
innocent of violating the Enforcement act or
the Ku-Klux act, need entertain no fears of
being molested in any way by the soldiery or
the Marshal. We trast this declaration by
Colonel Merrill will have the effect to measurably
restore confidence in the minds of many
who naturally enough are apprehensive at
the unusual stride made by the chief executive
of the nation to arrest transgressors of the
law; and that if business cannot resume its
wonted channels in our midst, that at least
the entire populace will not become terror-
stricken and dismayed. Let us hope for the
best.
THE COLOREDCONVENTION. i
As heretofore announced, the Southern
States Convention, composed entirely of negroes,
met in Columbia on Tuesday of last
week, and remained in session several days.
Delegates were present from Alabama, Ar-
Aansas, Florida, Louisiana, Georgia, Mary^nd,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Mississippi,
ftTnij.Nnffijh Cftroli^and the District of!
Columbia. The Convention was permanently
organized with the following officers
President??A. J. Ransier, of South Caroli-" 'j
na. Vice-Presidents?Nelson, of Texas; Elliott,
of South Carolina; Johnston, of Arkan- sas;
Sikes, of North Carolina; Flowers, of
Tennessee; Piles, of Mississippi; Pinchback,
of Louisiana; Walls, of Florida; Myers, of
Maryland 8iras, of Georgia; Rapier, of Al- 1
abama. Chaplain?Bradwell, of Georgia.
Secretary?S. H. Deveneaux, of Georgia.
Assistant Secretary?H. E. Hayne, of South
Carolina. Treasurer?Ed. Belcher, of Georgia.
Sergeant-at-arras?John Williams, of
South Carolina.
The proceedings of the Convention were 1
confined mainly to the adoption of resolutions 8
on various subjects affecting the interests of
the colored people; among them one endorsing 8
the ad ministration of President Grant; urging
upon Congress the passing of Sumner's sup- 1
plemental civil rights bill, compelling the
whites to respect the rights of blacks on rail- 1
roads, steamboats, at public assemblages, &c.; J
favoring the annexation of San Domingo; 1
and also a resolution disclaiming any inten-
tion of alienation from their northern brethren.
iXT. Hannibal White, of this county, intro-
duced the following, which was adopted: 1
Whereas, In some sections of the South
designing partisans are endeavoring to pro-
mote a feeling of discord among the colored I
people, and are using every effort to induce j
them to leave the land of their birth and emi-
grate to Liberia and other foreign sections;
therefore, be it
Resolved. That this Convention do deprecate
any such movements on the part of the
colored people of the South, and regard this
effort as emanating from a few unscrupulous j
and irresponsible men; enemies to the colored
race, who are working for political purposes,
without any regard to the political or social
welfare of the colored people.

STATE ITEMS.
Thomas Hughes, of Union, was commit- i
ted for examination last week by Commission-
er Boozer, in Columbia, charged with conspi-
racy and murder under the ku-klux act.
The Charleston papers announce the i
i deaths last week in that city of Charles A.
i DeSaussure, A. H: Abrams, and Dr. B. A. 1
i Rodrigues, all prominent citizens.
The Grand Division of the Sons of TemI
perance met in Columbia on Wednesday of
last week. Quite a number of delegates were
in attendance.
Ned Brown, a venerable African, was
struck by a passing train, at the depot in
Chester last Friday, and quite seriously injured.
The Union says there are twenty-four
persons in the jail at Columbia, awaiting trial,
charged with ku-kluxing. Nineteen arrived
on Saturday last.
The United States Circuit Court, before
which the persons recently arrested, on charges
of ku-kluxing are to be tried, will meet at
j Columbia on the fourth Monday in November
next, and not on the second Monday, as
heretofore stated.
In a case recently heard before one of the
United States Commissioners in Columbia, it
was decided that the oath of the accused in
his own behalf, could not be received as valid
testimony in a trial before the United States
j Court.
i The Chester Reporter mentions the desI
truction on Monday of last week, of the barn
of Mr. G. Cherry, near Landsford, by an in- I
cendiary fire. All of his forage for the win- i
ter, together with the crop belonging to a
freedman who worked on the place, were consumed.
One bale of cotton was also burned.
A correspondent writes to the Columbia i
1 Union that the ku-klux in Spartanburg are
joining in and surrendering themselves to
;he United States authorities by dens and dozens,
and exposing all the secrets of the organzation.
Those who have surrendered are
epresented as using their power and influence
x> bring about the arrest of their leaders.
G. N. Palmer, of New York, who was,
jjected from the cars of the Charlotte, Columbia
and Augusta railroad, last winter;
while traveling on a coupon ticket, has ^beeo/
warded three thousand dollars damages by
;he circuit court of Richland county. The
son of President Johnston was the conductor
)f the train at the time of the ejectment.
The Times of last week, says that Wiliaui
Newberry murdered his brother-in-law,
William Bailey, about ten miles above Union.,
Uourt House, on Saturday of last week. The
following particulars are given "It appears
ihat Newberry went to Bailey's house, under
:,he influence of liquor, and told Bailey that
liia (Bailey's) son ought to be whipped, and if
tiis father did not do it he would. Newberry
then went out and cut some switches, and returningto
the house commenced whipping the
boy severely. The mother, who is Newberry's
sister, interfered, when Newberry turned
on her and drove her out of the house. Bailey
then came in, took the boy away from him
and put Newberry but of the house after 4
hard scuffle. When they got out ofjfloorj
Newberry drew his knife and stabbed Bailey
in the breast. Bailey lived only abotMujk
minutes. Newberry was arrested and
NORTH CAROLINA
Gov. Caldwell, by proclamation, calls up*
on the people of his State to aid the Chicago
3ufferer8.
Lincoln Superior Court, which was to
have been held this week, was postponed by
Judge Logan until next week.
The State Fair, held at Raleigh last
week, was a success in every particular. The
number of visitors and the articles on exhibition,
was larger than on any previous occasion
of the kind.
W. H. Deaver, the U. S. Internal Revenue
officer who, while in the discharge of his
official duties, shot and killed J. A. Thompson
last July, in McDowell county, was tried
and acquitted in the Superiour court last
week.
The Goldsboro Messenger says that John
Taylor and Miles Freeman, the two negroes
who were committed to jail a few weeks ago
at the instance of two New York detectives,
on the charge of being implicated in setting
fire to the hotel in that place, were allowed
by Judge Clarke to enter into a bond in the
mm of two hundred dollars each for $beij>
appearance at the next Superior Court. fiheK
iff Rhodes became the bondman for the parties.
Among the attractions at the Sta^e fair
last week, was a band of Cherokee Iidiansj
who on Wednesday, as a part of the regular
programme, played a match gameof suyatahDogoocohoo,
which is similar to the bare ball
!>f their white brethren. The Indians* were
highly delighted with the theatrical exhibition
of the Worrell sisters, and Old. John
Robinson's circus completely caj. vated.them,
it being the first time they had ever witnessed
mch amusements. t..;.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
-r. J v
Mrs. A. H. Poag?Land for Rent. V
John W. Mitchell, Administrator?Application
for Discharge.
3. B. Hall, Judge of Probate?Citation?Thomaer
J. C. H. Doff?Dress Goods? Clothing, <6c.'?So-;
gar ana Coffee?Winter Oatsr-Make Bgatle^
J. W. Carroll?The Bcs??Gone and Coing^Bja
B. P. Boyd?Cow and C?if Wanted.
Bratton, Mason <fc Withers?Fall and Wlnt?f
Goods.
Carroll, Clark Co?Groceries and Provisions.
Thompson <fc Jefierys, Assignees?In Bankrnptcy?In.
Re; R. A. Black.
EDITORIAL INKLINGS.
Polygamy a Crime.
In the case of Hawkins, prosecuted in
;he U. S. Court for the District of Utah, on
i charge of bigamy, the jury returned a verlict
of guilty. The announcement is said to
lave created much excitement among the
nuch-married people of Salt Lake. The counsel
for the people moved that the defendant
ae taken into custody, which motion was
strongly resisted by the defendant's attorneys.
The prosecution, however, were firm in their
lemand that the case should take the ordinary
course, and the United States Marshal was
accordingly directed to hold Hawkins as a
prisoner. Time was allowed to prepare a
cnotion for a new trial and a motion in arrest
:>f judgment. T**
The penalty prescribed by the Utah:'statutes
for the crime of adultery is imprisonment
for not over twenty years or less than three
pears, or a fine of not over $1,000, or jboth
fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of
the Court. This is a test case, and virtually
places all polygaraists at the mercy oflthfi
first wife, who, under the act, is the only party
who can institute proceedings against the husband.
The case was conducted on both sides
with great determination, and the charge Of
Judge McKean. to the jury is spoken of ^being
eminently able.
The Fires in the West.
We have already noticed the prairie
fires which have been raging for some time
past in the north-western States. A Wisconsin
letter says that the fire at Peshtego occurred
on the evening of the 8th, commencing
3hortly after the people returned from evening
service at church. An ominous roarings^d
was first heard, then balls of fire like meteors
fell in different parts of the town, igniting
whatever they touched. The whole poMjjjT
Lion were then seized with a panic,
their children and fled to the river ana other
places for safety. Shortly after, a horrible
tornado enveloDed evervthiner in fire, jmoke,
hot sand and cinders. Those who had not
then reached the river were suffocated and
burned before they could advance many steps.
The storm was a flame borne by a hurricane,
accompanied by electrical sparks, and electricity
flashed in the air and darted over the
whole earth. It lasted only half an hour, but
the buildings and woods burned all night
About 150 fled to a low meadow below the
bridges and were all saved. A large number
took refuge in a mill-pond, where they kept
themselves and babies under, constantly wetting
their hands to keep from roasting. Several
were drowned by cattle fleeing to the pond
and tramping them down. The tornado came
from the south-west and was about ten miles
wide, sweeping every vestige of fences, buildings
and timber before it with fire.
In Michigan, the extent of the fires would
almost seem to render the heading of the local
press "A State on Fire," as accurate as ft
is striking. The forests have been burning
for fifty miles along the shore of Lake Huron
from the town of Port Huron northward to
Saginaw Bay. The fire seems also to have
swept clear across the country between Sagi-.'|
naw Bay and the Lake, surrounding and devouring
these villages along the shore as it
reaches them. At South Saginaw buildings
and lumber valued at $150,000 were destroyed.
From the shore of Lake Michigan comes
intelligence of conflagrations almost equally
disastrous with those in the eastern part of
the State. The town of Holland which has
been entirely destroyed, was located near the
mouth of Black River in Ottowa county. At
various points in the central part of the State
great fires are reported to be burning. At
Lansing the exercises of the State Agricultural
College were suspended, and the students
were called upon to help fight the flames.
The new town of Grand Junction, at the intersection
of the Kalamazoo and South Haven
.Railroad, has been utterly destroyed, not a
vestige remaining, even to a water tank.
The loss of life in northern Wisconsin is
mnrfl than five times greater than that of Chi
cago by the late 6re, and the suffering of survivors
is destined to be greater from the
sparsely settled condition of the country and its
remoteness from populousaud wealthy communities.
The loss of property there can only
be computed by millions, embracing farming
utensils, houses, barns, grain, fences and lumber
of every kind in every state of manufacture.
THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT.
The adjourned term of the Uuited States
Supreme Court commenced on Monday of last
week. A number of important cases which
were argued previous to the adjournment last
May are expected to be decided during the
present term.
Among them is one from the Circuit Court
of Kentucky, involving the question of the
.constitutionality of the Civil Rights bill; the
sue of Klein vs. Pargont, involving the con-,
Btutionalityrof the so-called "Drake amend*.
Tnent," relating to the effect of pardons in fte
Court of Claims, and the case of Watson et aL
vs. Jones et al. involving a decision of the disputed
rights to property of the Presbyterian
Church, North and South, were also both held
under advisement until after the recess, and
will doubtless soon be decided. The latter
case, which came from Kentucky, was very
elaborately argued by an imposing array of
counsel on both sides; but hopes were entertained
that the differences would be accommodated
and an amicable settlement effected by
the general assemblies of the two churches
during the summer.
The case of White vs. Hart etal. on appeal
r j.L_ a mnnlmrn
iruui LHO uupiciuc uuuitui ucuicm, luiuiTiug
a question as to the binding force of notes
given for slaves before the issuing of the
emancipation proclamation, will be decided
after argument is heard in the similar case of
Holmes as. Seiver, on appeal from the Circuit
Court of Arkansas, which will probably be
reached in the course of two or three montha
The decision in the former case will turn upon
the question whether the provisions of the
Georgia.Constitution, prohibiting the enforcement
of any debt, the consideration of which
was a slave or slaves, or the hire thereof, is in
contravention of the articles of the National
Constitution which declares that no State shall
make any law impairing the obligation of contracts.
The decision of the Supreme Court
rendered last spring in a case where a note for
slaves .was concerned, was determined by other
considerations; and the impression prevalent
in some quarters that the foregoing question
was then decided, is, therefore, erroneous.
The bgkfeions of the majority of the court,
consisting? Justices Miller, Swayne, Davis,
Strong and Bradley, and that of Chief Justice
Chase and Justices Nelson, Field and Clifford,
constituting the minority, in regard to
the constitutionality of the legal-tender act,
which, were withheld when the decision was
announced last May, will be made public during
the present term, soon after its commencement
Among the important cases to be argued
this tbrm, or the next, it is expected there will
be due to test the constitutionality of the cotton
taxalt will bq remembered that a case
appealed7from Tennessee, involving this question,
was decided by the Supreme Court last
winter; .when the judgment of the interior
tribunaljafSrxmng the constitutionality of the
jQotton tjlx was upheld, but only by a aivision
of the court, .the Chief Justice being absent
No opinion having been rendered, and
the decision applying only to the particular
case then presented, other cases involving the
same question will not necessarily be decided
in the same way, and the final judgment of
the Supreme Court upon it is, therefore^-yet to
be recorded.
A PROCLAMATION.
Habeas corpus suspended in portions of
south carolina.
Whereas, by an act of Congress, entitled
"An act to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes," approved
the twentieth day of April, Anno Domini
one thousand eight hundred and seventyone,
power is given to the President of the
United States, when, in his judgment, the public
safety shall require it, to suspend the privileges
of the writ of habeas corpus in any State
or a part of a jstate whenever combinations
and conspiracies exist in such State or part
of a State for the purpose of depriving any
portion or class of the people of such State of
the rights, privileges, immunities, and protection
named in the Constitution, of the United
States, and secured by the act of Congress
aforesaid, and whenever such combinations
and conspiracies do so obstruct and hinder the
execution of the laws of any such State, and
of the United States, as to deprive the people
aforesaid of the rights, privileges, immunities,
and protection aforesaid, and do oppose and
obstruct the laws of the United States and
their due execution, and impede and obstruct
Ihe due course of justice under the same and
whenever such combinations shall be organized
and armed, and so numerous and powerful
as to be able by violence either to overthrow
or to set at defiance the constituted authorities
of said State and of the United States
within such State; and whenever, by reason of
said causes, the conviction of such offenders
and the preservation of the public peace shall
become in such State or part of a State impracticable

And whereas such unlawful combinations
and conspiracies for the purposes aforesaid are
declared by the act of Congress aforesaid to
be rebellion against the Government ^f the
Suited States;
And whereas by said act of/Congress it is
provided that before the President shall suspendthe
privilegee of the writ of habeas corpus
ne shall,just have made proclamation commanding
suoh insurgents to disperse;
And wheaeas on the twelfth day of the present
month of October the President of the
United States did issue his proclamation, reciting
therein, among other things, that such
combinations and conspiracies did then exist
in the counties of Spartanburg, York, Marion,
Chester, Laurens, Newberry, Fairfield, Lannjutter.
and Chesterfield, in the State of South
Carolina, and commanding thereby all persons
composing such unlawful combinations
and conspiracies to disperse and retire peaceably
to their homes within five days from the
date thereof, and to deliver either to the marshal
of the United States for the district of
South Carolina, or to any of his deputies, or to
any military officer of the United States within
said counties, all arms, ammunition, uniforms,
disguises, and other means and implements
used, kept, possessed, or controlled by
them for carrying out the unlawful purposes
for which the said combinations and conspiracies
are organized
And whereas the insurgents engaged in such
unlawful combinations and conspiracies within
the counties aforesaid have not dispersed
and retired peaceably to their respective
homes, and have not delivered to the marshal
of the United States, or to any of his deputies,
or to any military officer of the United
States within said counties, all arms, ammlition,
uniforms, disguises, and other means and
implements used, kept, possessed, or controlled
by them for carrying out the unlawful purposes
for which the combinations and conspiracies
are organized, as commanded by said pro
clamation, but do still persist in the unlawful
combinations and conspiracies aforesaid
Now, therefore, I, Ulysses S. Grant, President
of the United States of America, by virtue
of the authority vested in me by the Constitution
of the United 8tates, and the act of
Congress aforesaid, do hereby declare that, in
my judgment, the public safety especially requires
tnat the privileges of the unit of habeas
corpus be suspended, to the end that such rebellion
may be overthrown, and do hereby
suspend the privileges of the writ of habeas
corpus within the counties of Spartanburg,
York, Marion, Chester, Laurens, Newberry,
Fairfield, Lancaster, and Chesterfield, in said
State of South Carolina, iu respect to all persons
arrested by the marshal of the United
States for the said district of South Carolina,
or by any of his deputies, or by any military
officer of the United States, or by any soldier
or citizen acting under the orders of said
marshal, deputy, or such military officer
within any one of said counties, charged with
any violation of the act of Congress afore
i .1 _ty L
said aunng tne conn nuance 01 sucn reuemuu.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and caused the seal of the United States
to be affixed.
Done at the City of Washington, this seventeenth
day of October, in the year of our
[l. s.] Lord, one thousand eight hundred and
seventy-one, and of the Independence of
the Uuited States of America, the ninety-sixth.
U. S. GRANT.
By the President:
J. C. Bancroft Davis,
Acting Secretary of State.
Chicago" items.
building houses with dispatch.
With such forces as could be obtained,
however, the work of building was carria^
on yd&terday and toAlay, and the result is IB
most incredible. Along the lake fronting
Michigan avenue there are more than 100
immense frame one-story ware-houses in progress,
and some of them actually roofeafn,
and ready for occupation to-morrow or next
day. The first steps *have been taken to set
the judicial wheels in motion, several of the
school-houses being appropriated for court
and chambers.?John Hay, in New York Tribune.
M
insurance.
The unexpected aid from a majority of the
insurance companies is, however, the theme
of greatest comment and hearty satisfaction.
The local insurance companies are entirely
and irrecoverably crushed, but will probably
return a small share to the insured.
resumption of trade.
The daily papers, almost as well appearing
as before the catastrophe, are now published
regularly, and receive a splendid business.
The regular stock and financial reports make
a good showing, and it is seen that the regular
routine of trade is steadily reasserting itora
ofill aliinnorl iwrorplv. and
ecu. uauwu aiu ovm
this great branch of Chicago's ancient wealth
promises to suffer no dimunition by the temporary
interruption. Capital in every conceivable
form is preparing to pour in. A
great list of new banks is announced with
Canadian and English capital. The great
Bank of Montreal is to establish a branch
here with a fabulous capital. A western
capitalist is also about to start a private bank
with 1500,000.
Sales of real estate are substantially the
same as before the fire, and that indicates
pretty well the disposition ot the business men.
A SHARP FELLOW.
One man, while his foundry was disappearing
in smoke and ashes, bethought himsmf of
a tumble-down edifice-oil Canal street, straightway
secured it at a rental of $1200, and now
rents it in rooms and offices at $12,000, and
has still a room in it for himself.
NEARLY ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND HOMELESS
PER80N8.
As close an estimate as can be reached puts
the houseless at 99,310. This fe not guesswork,
however, as the official ItygpjijthQW the
number of houses and the numberj|'Peopie,
in tlie burned division. Of eoqtfpll these
are not on the charity ot the totap^flfany
retain slight rfums from the hanlrcand have
other resources but the great msjeffity must
be cared for in some way during the long wiiK
ter that hovers over this northern country,:-}
THAT HOUSE.
I turned from them all this morning to hunt
for the spot where the fire started. It is the
greatest and most brilliant apparition of the
winntnnnth century. Here the fire began.
The squalid little hovel alone remained intact
in all that vast expanse. A' warped and J
weather-beaten shanty of two rooms, perched
on thin piles, witMin plates nailed half-way
down them like dirtyjoantalets. There was
no shabbier hut in Chicago nor in Tipperary.
But it stood there safe, while a city had perished
before it and around it? It was preserved
by its own destructive significance. It
was made sacred by the curse that rested on
it?a cnrsarjnore deadly than that which
darkened the\Hntels of the house of Thyestes.
For out of that hbose last Sunday night came
a woman with a lamp.toil# barn, behind the
house, to milk the cow with the crumpled
tKot kintfvt t.hfi lanriri. that sDilledthe
J VMM* 1-, r
kerosene, that fired the straw, that burned
Chicago. And there to this hour stands that
craven little house, holding on tightly to' its
miserable existence.
I went around to the rear, and there found
the man of the house sitting with two of his
friends. His wife, our lady of the lamp?
freighted with heavier disaster than that which
Psyche carried to the bedside of Eros?sat at
the window knitting. I approached the man
of the house and gave him good-day. He
flanced up with sleepy, furtive eyes. I asked
im what he knew about the origin of the fire.
He glanced at his friends and said, civilly, he
knew very little. He was waked up about 9
o'clock by the alarm and fought from that
time to save his house. At every sentence he
turned to his friends and said, "I can prove it
by themto which they nodded assent He
seemed fearful that all Chicago? was coming
down upon him for prompt and integral payment
of that 8200,000,000 his cow had kicked
over. His neighbors say this story [that he
knew very little about the origin of the fire]
is an invention dating from the second day^pf
the fire. There was something unutterably
grotesque in this ultimate frtom feeling a sense
of responsibility for a catastrophe so stupen
d0US?. 7?r, r
An 1*ceedeble^~Btoby.?*A physician
states that he has the means of kifbwin? that
five hundred children were born on the prairie
and on the streets of Chicago during Monday
and Tuesday nights of the fire.? Wheeling
Register.
Rebuilding Chicago.?Twenty couples
U. talran rvllt mftPriftCTfl in ChicaSTO I
i4ft?W WttVU WM? ?q, Q
since the fire. The irrepressible enterprise of
the West becomes more and more apparent.
As illustrating the intensity of the heat in
which the largest and strongest structures
melted like wax, Mr. Henson mentions that
where large stone blocks like the Monroe, the
Pacific Hotel, or the Sherman House stood,
nothing is to be seen but littld piles of ashes.
The very stones themselves were burned to
powder and the dust blown awfey into the
lake.? Wheeling Intelligencer.
The Providence Journal very seasonably
asks why some of the genius that builds magnificent
cities like Chicago should not be exercised
for perservation as well as for building.
"Why not some of the enormous capital
consumed in insurance be employed in protection
Why build a splendid city ana leave
it at the mercy of a boy's kerosene lamp Is
this the upshot of all our boasted civilization,
that we can accomplish all wonders of industry
and architecture, and yet cannot keep the
largest city from being burned up in twentyfour
hours?"

One cord of wood cut and split fine and
corded up beneath a shelter while it is yet
green, will furnish more heat after it has become
seasoned than two cords of the same
kind of wood which has been continually ex|
posed to the alternate influences of storms and
I sunshine.
THE ENFORCEMENT ACT. j
AN ACT to enforce the Right of Citizens of tho i
United Slates to vote in the several States of this j
Union, and for other Purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Honse of
Representatives of the United States of Ameri-
ca in Congress assembled, That all citizens
of the United States who are or shall be otherwise
qualified by law to vote at any election
by the people in auy State, Territory, district,
county, city, parish, township, school district,
municipality, or other territorial sub-division,
shall be entitled and allowed to vote at all
such elections, without distinction of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude; any constitution,
law, custom, usage, or regulatiou of
any State or Territory, or by or under its authority,
to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if
by or under the authority of the constitution
or laws of any State, or the laws of any Territory,
any act is or shall be required to be
done as a prerequisite or qualification for voting,
and by such constitution or laws persons
or officers are or shall be charged with the
~iXi.nionflflnf dntipq in ftirnishincr tn citizens
|A?I IVi UJUIJVV mwwvw ?q
an opportunity to perform such prerequisite,
or to become qualified to vote, it shall be the
duty of every such person and officer to give
to all citizens of the United States the same
and equal opportunity to perform such prerequisite,
and to become qualified to vote without
distinction of race, color, or preyious condition
of servitude; and if any such person or
officer shall refuse or knowingly omit to give
full effect to this section, he shall, for every
such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five,
hundred dollars to the person aggrieved thereby,
to be recovered by an action on the' case,
with full costs, and such allowance fbr counsel
fees the court shall deem just, and shdl
Mife very'such offence, be ^deemed guilty
HSPffiiemean<frt and shall,' on conviction
thereo%0fe fined not leas than five hundred
dollars, or he iibprisoned not les^fehan one
month and not more than one yeq^nr both,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
whenever, by or under the authority of the
constitution or laws of any State, or the laws
of any Territory, any act is or shall be required
to [be] done by any citizen as a prerequisite
to qualify or entitle him to vote, the offer
of any such citizen to perform the act required
to be done as aforesaid shall, if it fail to
be carried into execution by reason of the
wrongful act or omission aforesaid of the person
or officer charged with the duty of receiving
or permitting such performance or offer to
perform, or acting thereon, be deemed and
held as a performance in law of such act; and
the person so offering and failing as aforesaid,
and being otherwise qualified, shall be entitled
to vote in the same manner and to the same
extent as if he had in fact performed such
act; and any judge, insjiector, or other officer
of election whose duty it is or shall be to receive,
count, certify, register, report, or give
effect to the vote of any such citizen who snail
wrongfully refuse or omit to receive, count,
certify, register, report, or give effect to the
vote of such citizen upon the presentation by
him of his affidavit stating such offer and the
time and place thereof, and the name of the
officer or person whose duty it was to acttherenn
and that ha wflfl wrnncrfnllv nrevented bv
such person or officer from performing such
act, snail for every such offence forfeit and pay
the sura of five hundred dollars to the person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an action
on the case, with full costs, and such allowance
for counsel fees as the court shall
deem just, and shall also for every such offence
be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall
on conviction thereof, be fined not less than
five hundred dollars, or be imprisoned not less
than one month, and not more than one year,
or both, at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if
any person, by force, bribery, threats, intimidation,
or other unlawful means, shall hinder,
delay, prevent or obstruct, or shall combine
and; confederate with others to hinder, delay,
prevent, or obstruct, any citizen from doing
any act required to be done to quality him to
vote from voting at any election as aforesaid,
such person shall for every such offence
forfeit aind pay the sum of five hundred dollars
to the person aggrieved thereby, to be recovered
by an action on the case, with full
costs, and snch allowance for counsel fees as
theucoort shall deem just, and shall also for
every snch offence be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall, on conviction thereof/
be fined not less than five hundred
dollars, or be imprisoned not less than one
month and n6t more than one year, or both,
at the discretion of the court
$00. 6. And be it farther enacted, That if
anyperson shall prevent, hinder, control, or
intimidate^or shall attempt to prevent, hinder,
ebhtrof? or mtimidate, any person from
exercisifirfot in exercising the right of suffrage,
to whom too right' of suffrage is 'secured or
guaranteed by the fifteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, by means of
bribery, threats,,or threats of depriving snch
person of aayrioygmnt or occupation, or of
ejecting such peiwn from rented house, lands,,
or other property, orbytbreatspfrefusing to fronew
leases or contract*for labor, pr by threats
of violence to himself orfttmily, Such person
so offending shall be deemed gfmty of a misdemeanor,
and shall, on convictfop thereof,
be fined not less than five hundred dolhuinr
be imprisoned not less than one month and
not more than one year, or both, at
cretion of the court'
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if
two or more persons shall band or conspire
together, or go in disgnise upon the public
highway, or upon the premises of another,
with the intent to violate any provision of
this act, or to injure, oppress, threaten or intimidate
any citizen witn intent to prevent or
hinder his free exercise and enjoyment of any
right or privilege granted or secured to him
by the Constitution or laws of the United
States, or because of his having exercised the
same, such persons sball be held guilty of felony,
and on conviction thereof, shall be fined
or imprisoned, or both, at the discretion of
the oourt,?the fine not to exceed five thousand
dollars, and the imprisonment not to
exceed ten years,?and shall, moreover, be
thereafter ineligible to, and disabled from
b^dbdg any office, or place of honor, profit or
treat, created by the Constitution or laws of
the United 8tates.
Sec. 7. /And be it further enacted, That, if
In lfcff aqrof viulttiing onj ywaanq jn-cithcr
of the two preceding sections, any other felony,
crime or misdemeanor shall be committed,
the offender, on conviction of such violation
of said sections, shall he punished for the
same with such punishments as are attached
to the said felonies, crimes and misdemeanors
by the laws Of the State in which the offence
may be committed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That
the district courts of the United States, within
their respective districts, shall have, exclusively
of the courts of the several States, cognizance
of all crimes and offences committed
against the provisions of this act, and also,
concurrently with the circuit courts of the
United States, of all causes, civil and criminal,
arising under this act, except as herein othermiaa
mvnriiliul on<-J inri?iiniian herebv
HWV ^/IVTIUVVI) MMU VMV J?-- j
conferred shall be exercised in conformity
with the laws and practice governing United
States courts; ana all crimes ana offences
committed against the provisions of this act
may be prosecuted by the indictment of a grand
jury, or, in cases of crimes and offences not infamous,
the prosecution may be either by indictment
or information filed by the district
attorney in a court having jurisdiction.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That
the district attorneys, marshals, and deputy
marshals of the United States, the commissioners
appointed by the circuit and territorial
courts of the United States, with powers of
arresting, imprisoning, or bailing offenders
against the laws of the United States, and every
other officer who may be specially empowered
by the President of the United States,
shall be, and they are hereby, specially authorized
and required, at the expense of the
United States, to institute proceedings against
all and every person who shall violate the pro-1
visions of this act, and cause Dim or tnem to
be arrested and imprisoned, or bailed, as the
case may be, for trial before such court of the
United States or territorial court as has cognizance
of the offence. And with a view to afford
reasonable protection to all persons in
their constitutional right to vote wjthoufc distinction
of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, and to the prompt discharge of the
duties of this act, it shall be the duty of the
circuit courts of the United States, and the superior
courts of the Territories of the United
States, from time to time, to increase the number
of commissioners, so as to afford a speedy
and convenient means for the arrest and examination
of persons charged with a violation
of this act; and such commissioners are hereby
authorized and required to exercise and
discharge all the powers and duties conferred
on them by this act, and the same duties with
regard to offences created by this act as they
are authorized by law to exercise with regard
to other offences against the laws of the United
States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of all marshals and deputy
marshals to obey and execute all warrants and
nreceDts issued under the provisions of this
act, when to them directed; and should any
marshal or deputy marshal refuse to receive
such warrant or other process when tendered,
or to use all proper means diligently to execute
the same, he shall, on conviction thereof,
be fined in the sura of one thousand dollars, flU
to the use of the person deprived of the
conferred by this act And the better toiafr
ble the said commissioners to execute qgpr
duties faithfully and efficiently, in comfonmty
wjS| 6jdConstitutiog of the United States and
Ufa rSloirements of this set, they are hereby
adthoiued and empowered, within their districts
respectively, to appoint, in writing, Under
their hands, any one or more suitable per8on8,frotn
time to time, to executeball inch
warrants and other procen as may be issued
by them in the lawful performance of their
respective duties, and the persons so appointed
to execute any warrant or prodess'jui aforesaid,
shall have authority to sammon and call
to their aiu the bystanders or posse comitates
of the proper county, or such portion of the
land and naval forces of the United.States, or
of the militia, as may be necessary to the performance
of the duty with which they are
charged, and to insure a faithfol observance
of the fifteenth amendment to the constitution
of the United States; and such warrants shall
run and be executed by said officers anywhere
in the State or Territory within which they
are issued. 1 1;
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That
any person who shall knowingly and wilfully
obstruct, hinder, or prevent any officer or otter
person charged with the execution of any warrant
or process issued under the provisions of
this act, or any person or persons lawfully assistine
him or them from arresting My person
for whose apprehension such warrant or process
may have been issued, or shall rescue or
attempt to rescue such person from the custody
of the officer, or other petpan or persons,
or those lawfully assisting, as aforesaid, when
so arrested, pursuant to the authority herein
given and declared, or shall aid, abet or a*
sist any person so arrested as aforesaid, directly
or indirectly, to escape from the custody of
the officer or other person legally authorised
as aforesaid, or shall harbor or conceal any
person for whose arrest a warrant or process
shall have been issued as aforesaid, so as to
prevent his discovery and arrest, afc? notice
and knowledge of the fact that a warrant has
been issued for the apprehension of such person,
shall, for either of said offences, be subject
to a fine not exceeding one thousand dollars,
orimprisonmentnotexceedlngsix months,
or both, at the disoretion of the oourt,on conviction
before the district or circuit court of
the United States for the district or circuit in
which said offence may have been committed,
or before the proper court of criminal jurist
dietion, if committed within any one of the organized
Territories of the United States.
Sec. 12. Be it further enacted, That a commissioner,
district -attorney*; the Marshals, f
their deputies, and the elerk of the said die* s
trict, circuit and territorial courts shaHT*)
paid for their services the like foes as may be
allowed to them for -similar services in other
cases. The person or'persons authorised to
execute the process to be issued by such commissioners,
for the arrest of offenders
against the provisions of this act, shall be en- j
.titled to the usual fees allowed to the marshal
for an arrest for each person he or they may
arrest and take before any soph commissioner
as aforesaid, with such other fees^as may be
deemed reasonable by such commissioner for
such other additional services as may be necessarily
performed by him or them, such as
attending at toe examination, keeping toe
>Monii?un /mtt/viv mid nmviiltnff him. With
UtWWMW r 0 ?TT_
food and lodging daring his detention, and
until the find determination of sudh commissioner,
and in general for performing such
other duties as mar be requited in the pro*
ises; such fees to be made up in cooiotintty
with the fees usually charged by the officers
of the courts of justice within the proper district
or county, as near as may be practicable,
and paid out of the treasury of the
United States, on the certificate of thejudge
of the district within which tfco'arrest is made,
and to to be recoverable from the defendant
as part of the judgment, in case of oel^-:
Sec. 14.
whenever any person shall hold office, except
as a member or Congress or of some State legislature,
contrary to the provisions of the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendment
of the Constitution of the United States,
it shall be the duty of the district attorn eyef the
United States for the diiti^ct. jn which
such person shall hold office^ as aforesaid, to
proceed against each person, by w/it of quo
warranto, returnable to the circuit or district
court of the United Statesin such district, and to
prosecute the same to the removal of sueh i
person from office; and any writ of quo warranto
so brought, as aforeaauiI.8halltahepreor
edence of all other cases oh tfesdocketof Ihfa r
court to which it isjnade returnable, and shall
not tie continued uruew
States, or any State, to whieh ha is ineligibje
under the thai section of th* fboriMfctii^
article of amendment to the Constitution of
the United Statee, or who shall attempt to
hold or exercise the duties of any such office,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
against the United States, and upon contfction
thereof before the circuit or district mart
of the United States, shall be imprisoned sot
more than one year, or fined not exceeding
one. thonsiaiid dollars, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That
all persona within the jurisdiction olthe United
States shall have the same right in dvary
State and Territory in the United Statu te
make and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties,
give evidence, and to the fUll and equal benefit
of all laws and proceeding for tnesecority
of person and property as is enjoyed by.
white citizens, and shall be subject to like
punishment, painty penalties, taxes, licenses,
and exactions of every kind, and none other,
any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or feus*
torn to the contrary notwithstanding. No tax
orchaigeshall be imposed or eafbraed by any
State upon any person immigrating thereto
from a foreign cou a try which is not equally
imposed and enforced upon every person immigrating
to such State from any other foreign
countryand any law of any .Stale in
conflict with this provision is hereby declared
null and void. /-f
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That
any person who, under color of any law, statute.
ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall
subject, or cause to be subjected, any inhabit
A