theyenne daily reader.
VOL. V.
Cheyenne Daily Leader.
Official Paper of the United State*.
rUBLIHIIKD DAILY. EXCEPT SUNDAY, BY
37. A. BAKER,
Editor and Proprietor.
THE CHICAGO FIRE.
f A calamity affecting the entire west
has fallen upon the people, in the de
struction of that city which has, in a
few short years, grown to be the cen
ter of wealih ar.d tra !e for the great
west, and whose very name has come
to be regarded as a synonym for en
terprise and business life. Terrible
as the blow has been—bringing ruin
to many a man, and misery to count
less families—a new city must rise
from the ashes of the old Chicago.
The necessity for a great city at that
point cannot be controverted or evad
ed. This is a fast and growing age.
American nerve, enterprise, and in
domitable pluck will be equal to the
task, and ten years, or even less, will
see the great city rebuilt in more
than its former splendor.
It is something to boast of in Ame
rican character that fro o every quar
ter material aid is bountifully ten
dered to the sufferers by the late
calamity. This aid is all the more
needed in view of the inability of in
surance organizations to meet a tithe
of the losses. Old companies will go
by the board, by scores, and persons
everywhere in the United States may
regard the only insurance now as in
their own caution.
The lesson taught by the great lire
is the vanity of earthly riches, and
the weakness of nil human devices
against the ruin that the elements, in
a few short hours, may accomplish.
The occurrence will teach unto many
a man the wholesome lesson of con
tentment with his worldly lot and
possessions.
—The Revolution is dead, but the
cause of its decease has not been told.
The facts are these: It learned that
a pretty lady canvasser for woman
newspapers were in the habit of kiss
ing gentlemen in order to obtain sub
scribers, and thereupon it demanded
that “If any one connected with this
paper does this thing, we want the
name at once that she may bo dis
charged.” When the names of all the
guilty ones were reported, it had not
a canvasser left. That was the matter.
—An advertisement invites atten
tion to a choice and beautiful selec
tion of “I’ure sour Mash Fire Copper
Whiskey, at 15c per drink.” This tip
ple was introduced by the Cincinnati
Aldermen who recently visited us.
One of these men applied to«Ohi
cag tinker to have a new tin alimen
tary canal and sheet-iron diaphram
put In but it was a point beyond the
present attainments of our artisans.
Post.
—Thosoeial breach wldensin Wash
ington. Catacuzy is so fiery that Fish
wants to quench him, and Fish is so
spicy thaf Catncazy wants to eat him.
How Fish will net when Catncazy
comes to present the Young PM nee
Alexis to him, It would muke a dog
laugh to see. lie will wish to em
brace the ono and kick the other—to
toast the one in a glass, and the other
on a fork. It is altogether a lively
sort of a muss—to be looked for be
tween old women, but to be t.epie
cated between wise men. We tiust
Alexis will find rodin in his big sb!|is
to take Ontacazv back home, and pot
him oh h native heath. He is a di
plumud, nut it Ulpluumt.-JW.
CHEYENNE, WYOMING, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1871.
General Netos-
A railway from Paris to Pekin is
suggested.
There are eighty shades of the fash
ionable colors for ribbons this season.
Kev. J. F. Vallandigliam is writing
a biography of his late brother Clem
ent.
Mark Twain actually, no joke, took
out a patent at Washington for a new
pattern of trouser suspenders.
Spurgeon has dropped the Rev.”
from his signature, and now signs
himself Pastor C. H. Spurgeon.”
An Albany paper calls Wendell
Phillips a conspicuous illustration
of the danger of living too long.”
Henry S. Smith, who owns Gold
smith Maid, has $290,000 worth of
trotting horses in his stables.
English experience is said to show
that out of every thirty colts from
thoroughbred stock, but one proves
last.
Whipping-posts are being re-estab
lished in vurious parts of Virginia,
and many of the prisoners are said to
prefer whipping to imprisonment.
If Queen Victoria should die, her
little family will be left with scarcely
money enough to buy decent mour
ning. She is not worth to-day more
than $38,000,000.
An illustration of the value of
skilled labor” may be found in the
fact that a glass of whiskey, price
fifteen cents, is manufactured from
only about seventy grains of corn.
A Missouri husband, whose wife
lias applied for a divorce, writes a
protest to the judge, in which lie
says, this dam tiling called devoee
lias in iny opinion parted many a
man and his wife.”
The husbands of Louisvifle- have
become so addicted to the aboimnable
habit of wife-beating, that it has been
found necessary to organize in that
city ft Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Wives.
The city of New Orleans has a
creditor who is determined not to be
fooled with. lie has tried to get his
money on a claim of $2,008, through
proceedings in the higher courts, but
failed and now he brings 2,008 suits'
of a dollar each, before a justice of the
peace, and expect! to obtain that
number of separate judgments, from
which’, uudfer the law affecting the
collection of small sums, there can be
no appeal.
—lt is not so generally known as it
ought to be that a human being is
liable to infection from a glandered
horse. Numerous such cases have
been recorded in medical works, and
only a few weeks ago a man named
Martin, who lived in Washington
county, Md., suffered a horrible death
from this cause. While attending to
a horse which had the glanders, some
of the virus from the diseased ani
mal’s nose or mouth found its way
into a cut on one of his thumbs, and
shortly afterward he was taken with
spasms, which were succeeded by se
vere nausea anil utter prostration.
Although medical assistance was im
mediately' procured, and the man hud
every reasonable attention, he lived i
only a few days after Uie infection
manifested itself. Before dying his
body became a mars of ulcers, and at j
the end the flesh fell in pieces from
his bone* When a horse is found to
be glandered, It should be killed at
once, and proper measures taken to
disinfect every object that ht.s been
in contact with the animal.
“Architecture is frozen music.—
Sl’me Y; ii'iwl.
If there is any time when a mini I,
rpust Stand for(lfiinseif and his limfi-
Ijood, and keep bis hands und his
heart pure, it is when things are go- I
ing wrong against him, i ne.v will i
only go that way a litilo while, m
the end everything will serve an
honest mao, Such is Hud's decree.
All the universe is Mplng a man to
lie manly who will only help himself, i
TELEGRAPHIC!
REPORTED EXPRESSLY FOR THE LEADER.
NIGHT REPORT.
Details of the Great Fire.
Limits of the Burned District.
ESTIMATE OF LOSS. C 150.000.000.
AID FOR THE SUFFERING.
Interesting; Particulars.
Chicago, October 9—3 r. m.—
Everything embraced in the district
from Halstead street on the west, and
Harrison on the south, straight north
to Lincoln Park, and into the woods
beyond, is in ashes. Only one build
ing is left standing, the post office
building, and that is completely gut
ted. One hundred thousand men, wo
men and children are homeless, aud
without food.
A lot of prisoners under the old jail
were burned to death.
Chicago, October 9—6 P. m.— The
progressing flames in the South Df
vision were finally arrested about one
o’clock p. m. This was accomplished
by tire blowing up.ani demolishing
of several buildings on Wabash ave
nue and Congress streets, by Lieuten
ant General Sheridan.
The district burned over in the
South Division embraces everything
from the main branch of the Chicago
river to the lake, embracing about
one hundred blocks. This district
eor.intnefl fill the leading business
houses, the banks, insurance offices,
hotels, et?., and a large number of
churches, including;tit. Mary’s (Cath
olic), Trinity, First Presbyteriaa,
Second Presbyterian, St. Paul, Swe
denborgian, etc. The Methodist
church, on the corner of Wabash
avenue and Congress street, is saved.
The Michigan Avenue Hotel, on the
corner of Michigan avenue and Con
gross street, ar.d Congress Hall, di
‘refctly adjoining, on Congress street,
are saved. Michigan Terrace, on
Michigan avenue, embracing the resi
dences of Lieutenant Governor Dross,
Hon. J. Young Kfanitnon, J. Greggs,
and other leading citizens, is com
pletely destroyed, with their furni
ture, dud nearly nil the other con
tents. All the newspaper establish
ments"are totally wiped out. The
Tribune building resisted for several
hours, but finally yielded, when Mc-
Vicker’s Theater, immediately ad
joining, which had ai o withstood the
raging element, also succumbed, in
fact, all the buildings in the district
which claimed to be fire-proof, shared
tho fate of those which could make
no such claims. The great Central
Depot, at the foot of Lake street, be
came a heap of ruins about 9 o’clock.
Most of the passenger cars of the
Michigan Centra.,. Burlington and
Qliincy, and Illinois Central railroads
were moved on. tire breakwater, and
isaved.
West of Clark street, in the South
j Division, the fire extended south ns
i far as Polk street, sweeping every
j thing before it. The distance horned
over here is some three blocks wide
and over half iVHiliO In length, num
bering about twenty blocks. Tho
buildings were generally of the c
ehenperchnracter, embracing saloons, I
small shops, poo.’ residences, etc. l
The district burned over on the i
West Side commences at Taylor I
street, running from Dekoven to Jo;"- t
forson. It ran thence four or five t
blocks north, and then moved d a- c
gonally toward the river, and finally
the west line was established on Clin- f
ton street, and reaching thence to the r
river it moved on this line northward e
until it reached the Northwestern., I
West Side depots, where it stopped,
a distance of nenrly two miles from
where it started. The Pittsburg,
Fort Wayne and Chicago, and Chi
cago and Bt. Louis depots were in
this territory. Both the passenger
and freight depots were wiped out.
Almost the entire Northern Division,
from the main branch of the Chicago
river to Lincoln Park, nearly two
miles in length, and one mile wide, is
completely destroyed, Including the
water works, a large number of ele
gant churches, etc. This statement
embraces the districts devastated,
and embraces almost the en
tire business portion of the city
north of Harrison street, ip the south
division, and reaching out many
mites, and; covered almost entirely
with dwellings, composed largely of
the more elegant class, is untouched,
and may now be regarded as safe
from injury. For miles and miles
in every direction, the sidewalks,
lawns, vacant lots and front yards of
dwellings, are filled with people who
have escaped from these burning
dwellings, taking with them only a
scanty amount of their furniture and
clothing. The sight is truly pitiful
and harrowing. They must receive
immediate relief or many will;perlsh
from exposure and starvation. Os
course, as stated In my dispatch, it is
utterly impossible to make an ap
proximate estimate of the entire Joss,
but it can scarcely fall below one
hundred and fifty million dollars. Os
course, but a fraction of this amount
can be realized from the insurance.
Gen. Sheridan has to-day tele
graphed to St. Louis, to the military
department there, to send at once-to
Chicago one hundred thousand ra
tions. Hq ha@ also telegraphed' to
Omaha for two companies Os regulars
and one hundred tents. They will
be all here as soon as they can reach
here by rail. He will also order
another 100,000 rations.
Mayor Mason has issued a procla
mation calling a meeting to-night in
the west division, to see what the
citizens can do for the relief of the
sufferers. There are rtt least 100,000
people who know not where they
may get enough provisions to satisfy
tile appeals of burger.
A later rumor from the noun divi
sion says the devastation is less wide
spread than hitherto raporteA I hear
of no deaths reported by the Disaster
as yet, hut undoubtedly many have
perished.
Cincinnati, Oct. 9. Tne great
tiro in Chicago monopolizes nil atten
tion. Business is totally suspended.
The newspaper bulletins keep the
people advised. Extras by the
morning papers are eagerly caught
up. The great calamity moves -very
heart. The citizens’ meeting, called
at the Chamber of Commerce, was
largely attended. Mayor Davis pre
sided. A committee on transporta
tion and finance was appointed.
.Subscriptions and cash payments
were at once received. The Chamber
of Commerce gave $5,000. Many of
the leading firms gave SI,OOO In cash.
At 12 o’clock $25,009 had been sub
scribed. At half-past ion Mayor
Davis sent by special train throe
steam fire engines noil all the hose at
the command of the city, together
with men necessary to man them.
Chicago, October 10 —Evening.—
The simple fact that the great city of
Chicago is destroyed t that hundreds
of millions of active capital" have
been ruined, and that nearly one
third of flieinhabitants are homeless,
is enough. Any attempt to em
bellish it would be but mockery. As
this awful day draws to a close,
thousands of anxious eyes watch the
dense clouds of smoke which still roll
over the burnt districts, with evident
fear that'a sudden change of wind
may fan the flames. There is, how
ever, little cause of apprehension.
Reinforcements of firemen from other
cities nre constantly arriving.
Col. J. J. I. Wilson, Superintend
ent, is in receipt of dispatches from
the leading cities, announcing that
aid is being forwarded for the suffer
ers. The mayor of St. Louis tele
graphs that $70,000 had been sub
scribed by the merchants of C’incin
-1 nati, and promises of $100,009, and
i Cleveland is proportionately gener
i ous. All this, and a great deal more
1 will be needed to relieve the imme
diate pressing wants.
About three-fourths of the United
States mails was saved and taken
possession of by Col. Wood, of the
postoffice service.
The fire isstill burning on the north
side, but somewhat slackened in Its
force.
fffSCELLANEOUS.
i H. GAR BAN ATI,
Attorney and counselor-\t-law.
—Office. Whitehead's block, Eddy street,
I Cheyenne, Wyoming. Will practice in nil the
courts of the Territory. scptK-ly
.T. S. M.HA\VKINS,M.I>.
PtOFEBBOR OF M KDICIN K.—Special at
tention given to the diseases of women
and children. Office. Kollintj House Block,
Sixteenth Street. Cheyenne. nug2otf
POSEY S. WILSON,
HARritH XI.
■VT KW BRICK BLOCK. Sixteenth at., near Forgo-
I IN son. Cheyenne, Wyoming, transacts a iroi*-
ernl bunking business.
ftSEW YORK
t Life Insurance Company,
[ESTABLISHED 1815.)
Sum insured, during the year 1809.
*34,44 n, spa. op.
Assets over $17,000,000.00.
J. 11. NICIIOLS, General Agent,
aqgiatf Cheyenne, Wyoming.
FiRST NATIONAL BANK
OF Cheyenne.
ArniOKl/KD C A PIT All*
CAP'fAL STOCK. -*IOO,OOO
PAID I P CAPITAL *70,000
Directors.
A. R. CONVERSE, I). B. CURTIS,
SILAS REED, JKRVIS JOsL/N.
I GEORGE F. PRICK.
Transacts a general Bunking business. Huy
and sell Exchange, Coin and Uoiu Dust. Govern
inert Vouchers, Land Warrants, etc. ('oiledions
made or. all poii-An, with prompt returns. Inter
eat paid on Time Deposits.
Ut. CONVERSE, President.
M. A I ODD, 1 t-hier, ani-3-tf
I 'PLUMBAGO.
r THE I’Ll MilUlil MINING COMI'INY. luonr
pointed.under the InwH of Wyoming Territo
ry. now oiler .or sale a limited number of shares
I of stork i:: iiliotr company for the purpose of
I’hising a read to. operate their mine. Parties
who buy shares will not be asses-.-d upon their
stork Ibropening said mine a- the Incorpoatlon
I agree to open and develop tho mine from the
j Proceeds ef.tiles of shares to the amount of
i' e Hundred Dollar-. Office in rear of building
oeci.ii-u by J. J. Kelley, in the Cltv or Clioy
erne, V*’. V. J. «I. KELLY. President.
Ci.i uoj; T. W llacb, Sec y and Treatt.
Tiisssa Restaurant i
Kddy street, Cheyenne, Wyoming.
CYE-I, Proprielor.
Tins establishment knsbeen thoroughly redded
und Is now ready i<> accommodate its old patron*
and the public in lirst rale style.
Fresh Oysters
And all the luxuries of the season always mi hand.
Single Meals, Hoard by the Day or SVwek. at
moderate terms.
Tho liar Is always provided with the best of
Lienors i ml Cigars.
For al.ootl Iffeul.go to the French ICcw
tmiriuit. nut li dir
riiPEIW fUSTAMAfoT,
I Sixteenth Hi., next door to Boston's” Exchange.
I*. 18. DANBKLMON, Proprietor.
The Superior” lias lalelv bet n opened by me,
and filled up In costl> and elegant style. 'I h«
Dining room I- large and commodious, and Dir
nished in a /Irsl-clus- »r/inner.
Th“ Inble will ulwn.vs be supplied with every
delicacy Hi" season adord-. Fresh Mouniufib
Trent and Fresh Oysters always oil band.
Hoarder- bv the clay or week accoiiiiiiodiitetl otv
reasonable terms.
I l 1 *l’ f
New Blacksmith Shop!
.T All is EY
A BLACKSMITH of Twenty Years’ expo
i\ rleiicc. begs leave to 111 be m file rltlxensof
heyenue and\|rluiiy that be Ini- just opened
i lie simp formerly occupied bv John Nkalon,
near the Kuril- House.
ON TIB 0.71 KH, HTBt V. UT,
And Is prepared to do all kind* of Black
smithing on short notice. Special n|tcntlou
given in
IIOKNK AND CATTIaK SHOKBNCi.
All work warranted to. he the very he*\ and
ohnrges reasonable A liberal share of tin pub
lic putronmre Is solicited, J. aßvky
JyltFdftUi
NO. 19.