ChTBCItttC WMI ffc
VOLijV.
Cheyenne Daily Leader.
OMolal Paper of (be United State*.
PUBLISHED DAILY. RXCBrT SUNDAY, BY
Editor and Proprietor.
jeayw
PROCLAMATION
BY THB OOttCIt.VOU.
The President of the United Staten bavins ap
pointed Thurnday. the 3Jtl« dH.v of November 1871.
ns a day of Thanksgiving and Prayer. 1 recom
mend that the people oft lie Territory of Wyoming
devote the day designated to a public recognition
of the abnndaat. mercies with which we have in
dividually and a-a people been bleseed, aud with
humble, grateful and loving heart* to supplicate
•Almighty God for a continuance of Hi* goodness.
'•And ye shall eat in plenty and be satisfied, and
pfraiae the name of the Lo-d your God that hath
dealt wondrously tfith you.”
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
Territory, at Chuvonne this fourth day of Novem
ber. one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one
and of the independence of the United States the
uiuety sixth, J. A. CAMPBELL.

tty the Governor:
H. ci \p*'kk, Secretary of the Tetrllory.
Tk« ft„«- Indian Commi,.loner.
t rum ibu Denver Now*. Nov. 14.]
The Indian Bureau at Washington
liaa Jong illustrated the sad truth, so
often forced upon observation in our
public administration that the wise
men are not good, and the good men
are not wise. Indeed, our whole
treatment of the Indian question has
been a succession of variations of stu
pid sentimentalism and rascally
smartness. There is the liest hope
ever offered of a new and better era
in the appointment of General Fran
cis A. Walker to the commissioner
ship. His wisdom leads him to his
integrity; there is no savor of weak
goodishness in his honesty; while his
ability is of the iirst class, such as
rarely contents itself to take subordi
nate positions in government.
General Walker is only thirty-one
years old and those who know him
well confidently say of him that, in
intellectual ability, literary culture,
and administrative capacity, he has
few equals, and no superiors in the
eountry. He is the son of Hon.
Amasa Walker of Worcester couuty,
Massachusetts, many years ago a
simminent5 imminent boot and shoe dealer of
ioston, but better known as a stu
dent, teacher and writer on politieal
economlcal questions. lie served a
short time in Congress, lectures in
Amherst college on trade and curren
cy topics, and is an a|>ostle of peace,
free trade and specie currency. A
gentleman of courtly manners, high
spirit, aud private means, ids ill
health only keeps Mini in a position of
semi-retirement. The son was edu
cated at Amherst college, Massa
chusetts, where lie was the hero of
his class alike in study and sport, and
was studying law at Worcester,at the
age of twenty-one, when the war
brought him promptly a volunteer
private in one of the lirst companies
of Massachusetts. His rare accom
plishments for the work early led
to his selection for staff service, where
he continued in constantly advancing
positions through ttie whole war.
Beginning with the army in Western
VirgitHh, he was soon transferred to
the army of the Potomac, and shared
in all its most active operations, its
terrible perils and privations and dis
appointments to the crowning end of
glorious victory. Two or three horses
were shot under him; several times
he was himself shot, and aud once
severely wounded in liis hand and
arm. His obstinate pluck in resist
ing the doctor saved his arm from
amputation, while his youth and
Jiealth and determined will suved the
life lie thus additionally periled.
Then he was taken prisoner, and took
his turn in the horrors of Libby pris
on. Ho soon as he was released, as so
soon as his wound was healed, he re
turned to the front, and ended his
war record prominent on the staff of
Major General Hancock at the head
quarters of the victorious army.
With peace lie returned to Massa
chusetts and became the teacher of
classics in thi‘ famous Williston sem
inary ol Kimthnmpton. From this
this work In* went to Springfield as
assistant editorof the Republican, and
exhibited high journalistic qualities,
and became much attached to Hie pro
fession. But a call to Washington to
KUCC'Cd David A. Wells as head of
the bureau of statistics—Mr. Wells
being tlien invited to the work of in
vestigating the sources and menus of
revenue, which lias made him so fa
mous—was temporarily tempting, and
here his qualitien as an organizer and
ills aptness for statistical knowledge
Were so conspicuously' manifeste<l,
CHEYENNE, WYOMING, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1871.
that, when the census of 1870 ennie to
be taken, he was selected by the ad
ministration, in obedience to Con
gressional opinion and the public sen
timent, to take charge of thut great
Work. The labor and embarrassments
of this place were immense; hut he
throw himself upon them with con
spicuous energy and zeal; was hearti
ly sustained by the President and
Secretary of the interior, as well as
by Congress; created machinery for
doing the work out of fresh and raw
materials; organized the largest and
most industrious bureau in all the de
partments at Washington; and now,
in only a year nnd a half from the be
ginning, lias the whole job of collect
ing, collating and publishing the de
cennial statistics of the nation nearly
done—all In a more fuller, more thor
ough and more intelligent manner
than they were ever done before in
treble or quadruple the time. His
health utterly broke down in the
early summer "under the great
drain of this labor, and he took u va
cation of two months inGreat Britain
in company with his friend, Mr.
Bowles of the Springfield Rcpubticem.
He had almost to be carried from It is
sick bed to the steamer; hut he eaine
back the first of S< ptember, refresh
ed, strong, and nearly well again, and
has since been devoting himself 1.0
closing up the census returns and the ir
editing and publication.
It had been his settled purpose to
return at once to journalism, which
had become his chosen profession, and
several flattering oilers in it were be
fore him—one Iroin the New York
Times, with a salary of SB,OOO a year.
But Mr. Delano, his chief in the: inte
rior department, seems to have pre
vailed upon him to try his b and at
reforming the abuses and organizing,
or more truly creating, the policy of
the Indian bureau; the president has
made haste to give iiiui the opportu
nity, and next Monday he'takes the
office —while lie continues, also, in
charge of the census cilice until its
decennial work is lully closed. Gen
eral Walker has obtained j little per
sonal insight into the ntVairs of his
new place through a recent visit of
inquiry and inspection, at the request
of the secretary of the interior, to the
Indian agencies of theSii mx, in Wyo
ming and Nebraska territories, and
relumed to Washington last week
with evidences of gross frauds upon
both Indians and gove rnment in that
quarter, involving many persons in
their scandals, and already followed
by the appointment of new agents to
those posts.
We can hardly congratulate Gen
eral Walker liimse If on his new posi
tion, save as it lias, sought him for its
great need of hisc onspieuous qunUties
of administrative.: energy and integri
ty. It is one -of the most difficult
places in the go vernirient to fill. Be
tween the Indian “rings,little and
big—ttie deme.uds of congressional
and local politicians—the rivalries
and jealousies of the army and the
civil service, the war and interior de
partments, as tnthc share and respon
sibility of each in the management of
the Indians and their interests—be
tween the sentimentalists who would
coddle the red man with continual
presents and excuse, even defend his
cruelties, not only protecting him
from civilization, but at the expense
of civilization, and that short-cut
hlood-th irstiness and impatience, that
would slaughter him nnd all his kith
and kin at sight—between the Indian
claims to both justice nnd mercy, nnd
tlie higher claims of the immigrants
to possess nnd improve the land to
the growth and greatness of the na
tion—between its temptations and its
difficulties, this place is no bed of
roses to a man who seeks only to do
his duty nnd contribute to the fair
fame and the power of the American
government. But General Walker
will meet the difficulties of the situa
tion if any one can. If his health fol
lows him if executive and congress
will give him power, hiuii|>ering him
neither with politics, nor jobs, nor
theoretical policies; if the people, east
and west, will lend him their faith
nnd a fair elmnee; and if, finally, lie
will himself come nut here nnd see
the ground with his own eyes— the j
Indians and the settlers alike —if he
will spend hut one-third his time “in
the field,” we shall indulge such a
hope, and feel such a confidence, in
his success, ns have net been permit
ted to us heretofore, and look forward
to such a solution of the terrible prob
lems of the Indian question as will
give protection and prosperity to the
people of the mountains and the
plains, nil due mercy to the Indians
themselves, and |>eacp nnd credit to
the whole eountry on the subject.
Honesty is his, at Irost; ability lie
has shown zeal,aud iq;e|ligeqcv arc j
in conspicuous possession he has no
motive to lend him but the good 01
his country and his own reputation
he lias, indeed, the Bayard qualities
above most young men in our Amer
ican pubjlie life; he is “without fear
nnd without reproach he seems to
us, at last, ti to “right man in the right
place;” and, finally, we believe that
if any man can succed with this uue-i
--tion it is Genera! Francis A. Walker.
General Note,
The Czar of Itussia has.appointed a
commission to report whether cor
porea.l punishment should be given
knout or not.
2Lt a show in Memphis, two bruis
ers, appeared in a set-to between the
scenes of the panorama of “A Jour
c.ey to the Holy Land.”
The Roman Catholics of England
are sending a mission to the United
States to work for the religious aud
moral elevation of the African.
The Marshall (Iowa) Republican
congratulates a religious society in
that vicinity on having secured a pas
tor “who will knock the lukewarm
ness out of them.”
The “chestnut roast” isa Wilming
ton (Del.) institution, being a “socia
ble,” with an unlimited amount of
chestnuts and apples, involving the
outlay of tlie moderate sum of 25
cents per capita.
The report that Lieutenant Grant
was going to Europeat tlie expense of
the government is contradicted. Itis
stated that both lie and General Sher
man will travel as private citizens, i
bearing their own costs of journeying.
Small game to abuse the hoy.
Gen. Grant's Indian Policy,.
The Laramie Sentinel wonders that
this paper lid not “go back” on Gen.
Grant’s Indian policy simply because
it was Gen. Grant’s, swallowing its
own couviciions. Such a judgment
might lie expected from a newspaper
concern whose opinions are not its
own, and which depends for the dis
mal light it sheds upon what some
body else favors or opposes. We never
took greater pleasure in indorsing
Gen. Grant’s Indian policy than we
do now that all its former opponents
are compelled to admit its wisdom
and justice. —Omaha Herald.
—ln a pamphlet entitled ""A Minis
ter of War of Twenty-four Days,”
1 General Count Falikiofrankly admits
that he was the originator of thefatal
flank march to Sedan, which termin
ated in tiie surrender of MacMalion
and hisarmy. Heclaims that a daring
flank mnrali saved France in 1712,
and he thought the best line of de
fense was to attempt a repetition of
Marshal de Viller’s feat.
—The Manchester,England,Guard
ian, speaking of the ordination of
female preachers in theUnitPd States,
says that: “Perhaps it will lie harder
in England to find a ‘pastor,’ than to
discover a lady who is prepared to
undertake the office.”
—A bushel of wheat contains 666,-
orlo0 r lo grains.
Peter Smith/s
Revolution Store!
Wholesale and Retail Dealer in
Clothing!
Hats, Caps,
IQOTS, SHOES AND ILAIKETS,
Truuks nnd ValiHC*,
And a general assortment of
GENTS’ FURNISHING GOODS
I
Corner Eddy and Sixteenth sts.,
i Opposite First National Bank.
septlfr-dtr
BY TELEGRAPH
.E PORTED EXPRESSLY POK THE EVENING LEADER.
NIGHT REPORT.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.
NEW YORK NEWS.
WHAT GREELEY KNOWS ABOUT
THK PRESIDENCY.
THE PRESIDENT’S MESSAGE
Paris, Nov. 25.—The decision of
the commission on pardons in the
cases of the condemned communist
prisoners, is still ki pt secret. There
is great anxiety among all classes to
learn the fate of General Ros-ei.
Brussels, Nov. 25.—51. De Decker
has resigned the Governorship of Lim
burg in order to quiet tlie disturban
ces, which were becoming of a most
alarming character.
London, Nov. 25.—The physicians
in attendance upon the Prince of
Wales issued a bulletin last evening,
stating that nil was going on well to
day. The Prince lias been suffering
from a severe and regular fever.
New York, Nov. 25.—The Times
of to-day says Slayer llall will short
ly be arrested on a similar complaint
to that under which his fellow con
spirators now await tlie course of jus
tice.
Alexis accepts the invitation to visit
Boston, December 7th.
Chicago, Nov. 25.— The Board of
Police are engaged in tlie investiga
tion of tlie origin and progress of the
great fire. Yesterday Sirs. O’Leary,
who owned the cow that kicked over
the lamp ttiat set the barn on fire, was
examined. She testified that she and
her family were in bed when the fire
broke out, but that there wasa “shin
dig” going on in a portion of her
house, occupied by a fiddler, and that
she was torn when aroused by the fire
that one of the party went out to the
barn with a light to procure milk for
cooking oysters, and that tlie lamp
was kicked over.
Washington, Nov. 26.—The Pres
ident has finished the draft o his
annual message, and tiie usual care is
taken to prevent a premature ex
position of its contents; nor will he
risk the printing of it in advance of
tlie delivery of die document to
Congress. All copies of it will be in
manuscript.
it is said by a gentleman who has
recently arrived trom Utah, that
siinister Sclienck’s connection witli
the Emma Mining Company, ns one
of its directors, is of recent occurrence.
Senator Stewart is or was recently in
London on business connected with
the mine.
Montgomery Blair lias been inter
viewed, and lie says let tlie Demo
cratic party stand hack and the field
be left clear for disaffected and inde
pendent Bcpublleans. Let the radi
cals call their convention and nom
inate whoever they please, and then
the Democrats will rally to bis sup
port. He says that some sacrifice
must be made in order to defeat
Grant, and expresses his personal
prefi rencefor William Cullen Bryant,
altho gh lie thinks that Trumbull
would make a splendid candidate,
as also would Judge Davis, Judge
Ranney, Ex-Secretary Cox and Grata
Brown. He does not think there is
any scarcity of material, and the
only difficulty is in the hunker ism
and Bourbunism of the Democracy.
St. Lotus, Nov. 25.—The board of
directors of the Missouri Pacific Rail
road have decided to pay off a half
million dollars of the floating debt
between now and January Ist. Tills
will leave about |at)0,000, which will
NO. GO.
lie paid by the Ist of April next,
when the road will then be free of
floating debt.
New York, Nov. 26.—Connolly is
still under urrest ut tlie New Y'ork
Hotel. The most strenuous efforts
were made to-day to procure bail
without success.
Greeley in the Tribune will to-mor
row reply to the Times’article, where
in says he committed a stupendous
folly in permitting himself to enter
tain dreams of the presidency. He
says within six or eight months he
has received thirty or forty letters,
mainly from private ersons, propos
ing that he be a candidate for the next
president. His answers were in the
spirit of the only letter In- remembers
to have seen in print, to Win. Lari
mer, Leavenworth, Kan., on'the 4th
of May last, viz.: "That lie is notan
aspirant for any office, but would wA
decline any duty his political friends
devolveupon him.” He says it is very
certain he will never make himself a
candidate for president, and it seenu
quite improbable tl at others
will ever make him such.
He protests against the acri
mony, malevolence and proscriptive
venom manifested by certain jour
nals, which have been set on to dear
tlie field of nil intruders. He concludes
by saying it is tow generally conced
ed the next president will be republi
can. In the ranks of the democratic
party there are many better soldiers,
though none older than lie who now
pleads that a fair consideration be no
corded to tlie merits and services of all
able and patriotic statesmen, and that
officeholders stand back while tiie
tax-payers are allowed to come for
ward and express their prefercncesand
fraternally compare notes as to their
choice for president in 1872.
MISCELLANEOUS.
.J. sTm. 11A W KINS, 51. 11.
PHOFESSOR OF MKDlClVK.—Special .1-
1 flit ion given to the disease* of. women
and children. Cilice. Rollins Douse Block.
Sixteenth Street Cheyenne. ;ing36 If
II GASUIANAII,
A TTORNEY AND COUNSELOIL-AT-LA W.
J\ —Odlee, Whitehead’s Mock, ltd av street.
Cheyenne. Wyoming. Will practice in a’l the
courts of i be Territory. sepiH-ly
POSEY S. WILSON,
\TEWBHI('KfILOCK. Sixteenth et.,nuar Fergtv
-5 son, Cheyenne, Wyoming, fransact* a gen
era] bunking business
H. G-LAFCKE,
I Real Estate,Collection Loan
XNTOY".
Office CO' wr Seventeenth ami Dodge Street*.
WILL BUY AND SELL HEAL ESTATE ON
Commission, collect rents nnd other uc
counts in Ml parts of tiie Territory; nlso, will
trunsact a General Loan and Commission bu*l
ness. Particular attention given to the property
of mm residents. Parlies having property of
any kind for sale or for rent, are invited to send
particulars to the *>bove oflice. No ch: rgo unle*s
a transfer is effected. De ds and Bills of Sulo
made ont. oct24-tf

FIRST NATIONAL BANK
OF Cheyenne.
AIJTHOICEZICD CAPITAL,
PAID (A* CAPITAL STOCK 875,000
Directore.
A. R. CONVERSE, D. B. CURTIB.
SILAS REED. .IPRYIB JOBLIN.
GKOItOE F. PRICE.
Transacts a gcn"ral Bunking business. Bov
and seil Exchange, Gout Dust. Govern
ment Vouchers. Land Warrants, etc. Collections
marie on all point*, with prompt returns. Inter
eat paid on Time Deposit*,
i A. U. CONVERSE, President.
M.A. Arnold. Cashier. ap!2-tf
NEW YORK
Life Insurance Company,
[ESTABLISHED IM5.]
Stun Insured, during the year
034,440,353.00.
1 Assets over $17,000,000.00.
J. B. NICHOLS, General Agent,
r <ingl2tf Cheyenne. Wyoming.
Pacific House!
East Tempi* at.. Salt Lnko City. Utah.
I
P. HEI4TI, Proprietor.
rpHE best ol accou)QiodationH, at moderai*,
11 Price.. febWdlj;