The Painesville Journal.
SATURDAY, DECKMBEK 23, 1871.
from that revcrie,tli.'fe still lingers a fet'l-
inr, half-sari, half .jilea-saiit, like the
faint, lim-wiTuini- 01' a fr:ifp.uit flow-
lost
Editorial rarafrapk.
JJusmiax journals arc rushing into
crushing expressions of national grati
tude for the manner in which the Prince
Alexis has been received in this country.
Cruel the way in which the Herald
attacks a contemporary in regard to the
small-pox question. "Take somebody
of your size" would be a good phrase for
that paper to remember.
Postal telegraphy is rapidly develop
ing into a political issue. 'The Demo
cratic press, almost without exception,
opposes the movement, while the Repub
licans with almost equal unanimity ac
cept and approve of tiie proposed innovation.
er, which clings to. tis uutil
land of unreal realities.
And now the season is once more come.
The s4-enes, old, v't ever new, are lx;in
acted with just the same apparent enjoj--
nient and zest that characterized the
years gone by, and so to our readers W
send our greeting with many wishes that
each and nil may truly hnvea-"A-iliuxy.
Merry, Christmas."
charged with embezzling $10,000. The
grand jury also found three fudk-tments
n'':iHi.-t .Michael Strohimier-, charging
him vith l'orginjr indorsements on certif-
t jiiUie J gcates of pay of the, JicattJ Comimnyof
NEWS OP THE WEEK.
At lloiue.,.
OUIO,
storv brick
With the announcement that gam
bling in Germany has been banished by
roval edict, there comes the item that
new hells have been established in
France so that Baden-Badcu and Ems
will simply Rave changed their names.
Le Jtol estmort! Vive le lioi.
Oxe short year ago Peter Cooper,
Moses Taylor and John Jacob Astor cer
tified that the Comptroller's accounts
were, accurately" and correctly kept and
that he was an honest man. Connolly
is now lying in Ludlow street jail for
robbing the Treasury, and the Xcw York
Times wants those three to show their
confidence in that honest but unfortu
nate man; by becomiug sureties upon his
bail-bond': Such cruelty of suggestion
oiiurht to brina unon the Times a visita
tion from Bergh.
The three story brick building
on North Park street, Mansfield, owned
by E. C. Hedges, was hurneil Saturday
afternoon uljout three o'clock, together
wilh most of its content. The building
was occupied by J. It. Itilinuicll, baker
and 'grocer; Bell Stamp, grocers; .1.
Kittx-r Son, leather; Shield and Ba-iner
printing otliee; Hedges fc Clug-itone,
law otiice; ami other smaller offices.
John Klein, Jr., and Misjj Mathers were
instantly killed while removing goods
from an adjoining frame house, occupied
as a residence and saloon by Mathers, by
the west wall of the brick building .full
ing on them Harry Sutherland was
seriously injured, and two Ofhers receiv
ed severe bruises.
The annual report of the Board of
Public Works has been scut to the Gov
ernor. The total receipts for the year
are $2,.r):S.r0, including toll on western
Reserve and Mamnee' since the first of
June last, which amounted to $2,337.70.
The expenditures, not Sneluding'salaries
and the national road expenditrtros, are
$16,880.41. The amount paid for sala
ries is $7,200. v The Hoard recommend an
appropriation of $5,000 to remove rock
and deepen the channel in that. jwrLiou
Tennessee.
It hii-s lieen discovered by a gentleman
of the House, whose frank was recently
tocged. thai thereJiJio law. WUicllliU'i.z
ishes the oll'endi'rs. The fact has been
brought to the attention of Senator Ram
sey, And that geBtlemair will moy? an
amendment to the Postal b!Hinaking the
forgery of the frank of a memlcr of C'nn
grcssm misdemeanor ptmisha We by a lit?
of f 500.
Mr. Sumner intends focallup at an ea?
ly day a resolution amending Hie Consti
tution of the United suites so as to pro
vkle that -hereafter, no peibon who ha
held the ollice of President shall be again
eligible. Mr. Sumner has prefMireil an
claliorate speech in' the support of the
measure which he will deliver when it
comes un. It is understood it will also
contain some very severe criticisms in
regard to the administration. It is evi
dent that there is' a large iajoritytf both
house in bivor of the one term iinm-i-
pie, tint it is iiot proposed to make it take
eft'wet until after the iiext Presidential
election. y -j
The Senate Postal Committee had mv
der consideration'' the postal telegraph
system, recommended by the President.
They heard the argument by Mr. Hub-
naru, wno naa oeen pressing cue iiit5iu.ui-ts
heforc Consrress the last few years. It is
pretty eeitain that the Committee- is op
nosed to purchasing 'the "wires: of the
Western Union Telegraph Conroawyut
any" price.'" They are understood to fa
vor -a system similar to the one reponeu
to the House Cbmnfittee last year -to be
under the control of the Post Office Do
partmemV V:'-' 'K' ;i
Tiik SiSATii JJesiimc for ifi&ie'e'et e't
itv Wednesday, 'Iter. 20. On Friday tin;
14 tli Mr. Freiilimgliaiipseii presented
betitiou of the .Venezuela Steamship Co.,
lor injuries innicteu rry
yiiat while the House deems the" conduct I hand
cf foreign Gtiveriimciits to 1k; beyond its I of a
jurisdiction, it deeply sympathiy.es with
til efforts- to establish seli'-goveriiuicnt
:tiri republican institutions, and -with
theTaffillies and friends of all persons
who have lost their lives, either in the
field or on the scaffold or elsewhere in
the cause of civil liberty. Pending the
voteTMf: Butler of Massachusetts introHw:rify any departure from the ordinary
1. His face had all the appearance
man who was completely scared,
;ind the air of pleasantness he tried to
assume made him look all the more
ghastly. When counsel had concluded,
Judge Barnard said it would tteverdoto
refuse to admit a man to bail charged
with a criminal offense. This charge is
tho highest offense, but I see nothing to
asking redress
duced a bill declaratory of the rights of
suffrage, dechiriiig woman entitled to
suffrage uudtir liiu fourteenth, constitu
tional amendment.
Tuesday. was entirely, taken. up by the
debate on Mr. Hour's Labor bill, but
lack of space prevents every report of
the" arcuinejits. r. e r f 7
Weditesrtay-was-tibie mostlv K-ipi d
by discussion of the same bill. After
utany tperuhes by iueuiber the bill was
tinaily passetl as lollows; a ouitn pro-
Tide for the ai)!Kiii tmciit of a commission
tn the question of wages and hours of
labor, and divi-ioil of profits lietweeu
labor and capital in the United States.
tie it enarted dV. 1 liat tliere snail re
appointed 'by the President, bj- and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a
commission of three persons, of whom
one shall be practically -identitied with
the laboring: interests oj tne country,
and who shall lie selected from civil life,
solely with reference to their character
and capacity for an honest and impar
tial investigation, who shall liold olltee
for the period of one year from the date
of their appointment, "unless their duties
sltall have "been sooner1 aeconYprished,
Who shall investigate the subject of
wages-and hours of labor, and of division
of the ioint profits of labor and --capital
Between laDorer auu capitalist, aim in
social educational and sanitary condi
tion of the laboring classes of the United
States, and how the same are affected by
existing laws regulating commerce',' fi
nance and currency provided, that caul
commission shall be appointed irresix-
tlye of ijolitical or partisan considera
tions and lroin civil lire.
Sec. 2. That "said commissioners shall
course of procedure, and I order, there
fore, that he be bailed, in the sum of
$5,000. Alfred U. Sands was then ac
cepted as sole bondsman.
The Tribune says that ihe bailing of.
Tweed on a criminal charge will not pre
vent his early committal to jail. The
extension of time for the justification of
Iris bondsmen in the civil suit Is rapidly
coming to a close. If they cannot satis
fy the 4 Viurt, Tweed has to go to Ludlow
Street Jail.
Ireland.
The Lord Lieutenant issued a procla
mation forbidding all processions or as
semblages in Londonderry. Xo trouble
from the Catholics is anticipated, hut the
intentions of the "Boys of Ierry" is un
known and it is feared that they will at
tempt an onensive demonstration.
India.
Mail advices from India state that the
river Guuiti rapitlly rose on the night of
September l;th, ami overflowed its
1 muks. .The flood lasted three days and
nights and swept away about three thous
and houses in the city and vieinity of
Jounput, rendering ten thousand people
houseless, lliere is much suffering as
tliere was a lack of food, and the indigo
harvest had been a partial failure.
Spain
The press of Madrid shows much anx
iety over the largely increased emigra
tion of workmen to the United States,
and recommends remedial measures.
The members of Malcamp's ministry
have tendered their resignations to the
King. It was reported that Senor Zor-
rilla would undertake to form a new
ministry,, but it is' now known that the
Mentor Police Club-
THE MKMBKKS OF THE POLICE CLUB
are hereby notified that their annual meet
iui will take place on Monday evening, Jan. 1,
at the Post Office in Mentor.
A& an addition to the Uv.Liws will be lro-
po&ed and pressed to a vote, the memuors will
see the propriety of being there in season.
fTlie above uiei'ting presents a very favorable
opportunity tor those who are yet outside to get
in. II. Martikdale. Sect.
Mentor Dec. IS, 1SJ1. Stbkl i
One Honest Company.
Executor's Sale.
(1IIA.SI.ESF. WILLASD'S ESTATE XO
J tie is hereby piven that the Undersigned
has been duly appointed and qualified as the ex
ecntor of the last will and testament of Charles
F. "W illard, late of Lake County, Ohio, deceas
ed. All holdiDg; claim agaiuct said estate, will
prtfsent them to me for allowance and settle
ment. CHAKLKS A. WILI.AKK.
9ckl Dec. 1871.
Notice.
XKING ABOUT
A lady in writing from Chicago says
"There is- still much misery and
wretchedness here. The Chicago Relief
and Aid Society looks after church mem
bers, hut the great' mass- of sinners are
left to stiller and die, unless some minis
ter of the gospel or ollicer of a bevevo-
lent society interests himself iit their lie
half. Ministers have all tlicy waut to do
in looking after their own flocks, and the
'lienevolent officer' is in great haste to
make hay while the sun shines." Is that
the vaunted spirit of Christiaiuity--thus
to aid the church-goers and leave the
man of the world to struggle on alone,
or to perish?
A man of cultivation, refinement and
talent capable of Writing and speaking
with a power that few possess
it seems almost Inexplicable how
Theodore Tilton can leave the legiti
mate paths in which so much of honor
and fame might be gathered, to tread the
course wherein is naught but an unenvi
able notoriety. At a lecture recently de
livered at West Chester, Pennsylvania,
hi utterances were so offensive and the
doctrines advocated so opposed to all of
purity ami goodness, that at the close of
the discourse he was publicly denounced
by a distinguished gentleman present.
The most charitable excuse which can be
offered, is that upon the subjects of free
love and Woman's Rights, he has become
a monomaniac, and thti3 is an object of
pifty rather than of any harsher feeling.
Prussia is evidently not the country
for Mrs. Victoria C. W.Demosthenes.
The nhlegmatic Germans are not suffi
ciently advanced in the subtle mysteries
of pure and holy spiritual affinities to
appreciate the beauties of modem ad
vanced ideas, and it is extreme?
ly doubtful whether:-a' lecturing
tour among them by the "great lead
er,'' would be a perfect success.' Not
Ions since a female reformer made a
speech at Hallo in favor of woman's
rights and the next morning was sen
tenced by an unfeeling police judge to
two months imprisonment on bread and
water for having advocated free love doc
trines. Nor is this all. The sale of Til
ton's life of Woodhull has been prohibi
ted those obtuse and thickheaded peo
ple actually classing it among the list of
indecent books.
I i i r 4-r. I u'V t ..I. i
of the Miami and Krie t anal near Itovi- f"".vo -i iusk. uus ir- ii ciuriiaicii to oenor wiaus-
c.Vce I rSrfc Stra- its steamships .aiid iuiprisonirig both shall be authorized to eiloy a clerk, fa; 'The .latter had not,up to noon
UuWeportto i"sV. cut eiinelrs which officers and u. Mr Buckingham bro't and riuil rcporl ;the result of t'''s- day Slicccelled in completing the cabi-
ghoW'tte expenditures of the national forward a mcmqr.al against woman Suf- ligation to the President, to be by him uet- ,I$ offeml follr portfolios to Zor-
.....i .1.,..: ,V iw.- too imv Xeratre, which he introducutl by remarks transmitfed to Congress. villa and his sunoorters. hut thar were
I
The insurance pnblic are closely scrutinizing
the financial management of our still sol
veut lusurauce Companies, it is constantly re
peated that some of the most vroniinent com
panies arc borrowing largely from the future,
audit is said that the unusual delay in adjusting
claims arises from the necessity of accumulat
ing premium receipts to pay losses.
Whctheror not these tilings be so, it afforded
us true uleasure to be convinced that one com
pany at least has taken steps to pay its losses in
full, without impairing its cash capital surplus
beiore tne cnicago nre, or using us preseni
premium receipts, which mav be needed to pav
future losses. Its Board of Directors made, on
October 16th. an assessment upon the stockhold
ers, to be iaid iu sixty days, sufficient to pay
every dollar lost iu Chicago, and already half of
the assessment has been paid liefore maturity.
The stockholders numlier 375, and we are in
formed bv parties not lielongiug to the company,
are alt wealthy men in Central Ohio. For such
hoi o. alile conduct aud correct financial manage
meuL. we praise the Heme Insurance Company
of Columbus, Ohio, This action commends the
company to Uie public as adesirahleoue in which
to place insuran -e. L'kiatgo AceMing Mail.
JOHS CAVENDISH,
ttdkS Agent for Painesville, O.
A song for the sons who honor deserve,
A souj; for the sons of the Weatern Beserve.
Western Reserve
BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Located at
PAINESVILLE, OHIO,
Corner of Main aad St. Clair Streets,
PRATT BROS., Prpriera.
TO CLOSK MY PHOTO-
srrauhic rotms in this place I desire to re
turn uiv thanks to all those who have so liberal
ly favored me with their patronage during the
years I have been engaged iu business. My bus
luess engagements arc such as to compel me to
close periuaueuUy, at latest by the id hist-, at
which time 1 shall leave lor aiiew lielils ofla-
bor. Again returoing thanks tor all past fa
vors, I remain with resiicct,
I.
OYSTEKS. g 1 X7" 4.' rT1 XT' 1? fj OY8TERR
OYSTEK8. J-M.J OY
TTAVIStJ SOLD OYSTEKS FOR TUK LAST
XX ten years in this towu, I aw prepared to
furnish, as usual, by the CASE or CAN, at all
tinted the
Best Baltimore Oysters.
Also the Black Brook, Houtvllle, and ''Youugs
town" Oysters, at the
NARROW GAUUE GROCERY,"
Wing 8il Main street, Painesville, O.
Holiday Gifts for 1871-2.
FOR NOTHING.
Notwithstanding the large numbers of subscri
bers who are already enrolled upou tne Sub
scription Ilooit of the Jot'ltNAl,, it is hoped that
the next thirty days will see the list grown to
twice its present size. Twenty-live hundred
subscribers by the first of January are the least
that are expected, and in order to secure them,
one of the largest and most liberal Premium
List ever offered hy any paper, is now offered
for all to avail themselves of.
fitay- To every new yearly subscrilier, on and
after this date, will be presented a beautiful
Steel Plate Engravings
SIZE 18x84.
The retail price of which is everywhere not
less than S800. -A-9
Reniemser, This is not a premium offered,
in case you secure one or more new subscriliers
aside from your own, but is a magnificent pres
ent made to each and every person who shall
subscrilie to the JoL ENAL for one year. The
picture itself cannot be bought for less money
than both picture and paper are furnished tor in
this way. There are now fifty different varie
ties of these steel-plate engravings, but our
waut of space prevents any enumeration of their
names. When a subscription is made- the sub
scribers can tnke their choice.
READ THIS.
As a great many persons: desire to securo
one or more magazines ami papers at the same
lime, arrangements have been made, by which
the Journal can be furnished in connection with
the other publications of tho day, ou terms so
favorable, as to aOord an opportunity; but sel
dom met with, to secure them.
MONTHLIES.
The Atlantic Monthly.
The standard literary magazineof Llie country.
Harper's Monthly,
Always rich, racy aud readable.
The Galaxy.
Bold, talented aud liberal.
The Overland Monthly.
Fresh, piquant and interesting.
SEWING MA CJIINE
Christinas.
Eighteen hundred and seventy-one
years h'ave passed away since the Angel
brought the tidings of great joy "For
unto yon is born this day, in the city of
llavid, a Saviour which ia Christ the
Lord" and still, with each recurring
year, is beard from every Christian land,
the echo of that heavenly Anthem "Glo
ry to God iu the highest, and on earth,
1'eace, Good-will toward men." Nor sect,
nor creed, but help the joyous chorus,
and Christmas day is a festival,, whose
oliservance has come to be as universal
as its memories are sacred. i
The season, too, is full of merriment,
and all the quaint fantastic legends of
Hie olden days seem to cluster around
Yule time that fortnight of games, and
feasting; which extends from Christinas
eve until the festival of old St. Simon f
Sstylites. From the night when the doors
are thrown open upon: the glories of the
Christmas-tree, to the hour when the last
flickering blae leaps out in the dish of
Twelfth Night. 'Snap Dragon"the charm
hold3 good, and seldom is found the one
ylio can resist its influence. The very
greeting that rings out on the clear crisp
air is indicative of the nature of the sea
son. F.en as friends meet and exchange
the words of cheery welcome, the smile
of kindness wreathes the. lip as it; were
involuntarily, and the hand is. grasped
with a friendlier feeling than comes at
other times.
But not the least of Christmas 'charms
are the recollections: that cluster around
it.f Iu the evening when the List little
head has been lain upon: its pillow to
live over in dreams the pleasures of the
day when quiet has settled down, in
strange contrast to the song and laugh
and mirthful shout that so lately echoed
throughout the house when the fire
light gleams and llickcrs mid peoples
with queer dancing shmlows the distant
corners when the half ninflled chimes
of swiftly passing sleigh, or the creaking
snow that, betrays some,, guest, be
lated through festivities too pro
longed, alone give token of the world
outside then come these memories in
throngs, to people again the scenes tliey
and we, once knew so well. There are
those who passed away in our child
hood's hours but whose forms still come
to ii?. now and then, when the mists of tho
world are drawn a little back and there
:i re those whose presence even yet lingers
with us as if they had not. gone into
that land where rejoicings are eternal.
And there, too, are the days whose pleas
ures seem to have been so ranch sweeter
than any we ever experience now. The
ride when a merry company went for
evergreen the search for mistletoe the
evening gathering to weave in graceful
wreaths the fragrant Ixmglis, even yet
glittering with crystal gems the core
with which were selected the prct-
tiest twigs for one whose rewarding
smile sent such a thrill through
nil your being the confidence
of mutual secrets and deliberations over
gifts' for those held dear. the vilhige
church with its choir and service these
ami more conic to us then, as Ihe coals
die out, one by one, and lose their bright
ness in ashes gathering fast mid drop
ping on the hearth like flakes of snow.
And when at last we rouse ourselves
The receipts from toll gates' were' l,1
!)2.'J. ,'i
The annual report of the Suite lteform
School for Girls was filed in the Govern
or's odiec aud shows that there- are nine-ry-eiglit
inmates Hi- tlie institution, -and
the cost to the State lust year was fflS,
180.
The Auditor of State's report was also
filed. The receipts of the State for next
year arc estimated at r,2IX),001), and the
disbursements $l,77C,0(tO. The total
taxes collected in 1571, for State, couirty
and local purposes, aggregated :f23,f87--(5(14.
In ISol tlie amount iCollect4.nl was
$u,5;,8i:i:
The Forty-fifth animal -'report of. the
Trustees of the Deaf and Dumb Asylum
was filed with the Governor Monday
morning. The report shows :lS pupils
present 200 males, i3 females aii in
crease of 0'.) duriuo; the year. Since thi
opening of the institution there has be'pu
1,232 iiupils under the; iusfif ut'iou..! .Tlitj
combined system of trades aiid school lias
worked well aud the pupils are, uiuWiig
good progress iu each department. The
cost of niaintaiuancc of the institution
during the year was $71,!!0; divided as
follows: current expenses $55,SbS, salar
rics $10,122 actual cost per pupil being
$'221.35, this is said to be the-lowest ol
any similar institution in the United
States. The institution is now iu a pros
lierous condition.: The -estimated ex
penses for next year are. $78,222 of this
$0,00( are for current expenses and $18,
225 for salaries. The trustees recom
mend the enlargement of the Asylum
grounds.
The report of the Trustees of the Ath
ens Asylum, filed Tuesday, shows, that
during the year the. Trustees, have ap
proved the estimate tor the work i lone
on the main building, and wings adjoin
ing, anion utiug to $85,(-S5.78, aud an. ex
tension of wings .$118,225.08., j"The' main
building is entirely vuclased.,..,The cen
ter wings-of the froutaud. the. other wings
will be under roof this month. Tlie con
tractors will lie kept busy at. work on the
interior of the building all winter.
When completed the asylum will accom
modate four hundred patients. The
trustees report thafthe progress made on
the building during the past year ivnd
the work, meets with their perfect satis
faction.' The trnstpes think it desirable:
for the legislature to authorize the' eoh
Struction of an asylum, according to the
original designs. An appropriation of
$150,000 is asked for the further prose
cution of the work. 1
The report of thfltoard of Military
Claims has also been filed. It shows
that there have been llled for exanii na
tion during the year one liiltidrcd and'
thirty claims, amounting in-'tlio aggre
gate to $4,304.00, of which -there has
been allowed $3,008.50. Th4 aggregate
amount of claims rejected was $S,35U.40,
and those on tile awaiting' evidence
amount to $:i,72t. The number of claims
that have been allowed, but remain un
paidamount to $.,222.03. The1 -appropriation
for this purpose being exhaust
ed,' tlie- -report- recommends that this
Board 1c abolished as soon as possible.
A. II. Miller has just completed a-'.pe-cial
examination of '.the State Treasury.
He reports that he found in tbe VauUs of
the Treasury $040,531.53, and that' all
hooks. aud papers in the Department in
dicate that, the Shite, Treasury of Ohio is
managed honestly, and, with care aiid ief
ueiency.,,,.',,
The fifteenth anniialreport of the, AS3--lnm
for Idiots was sent to the Goyenior
Thursday. The report shows that there
are 231 pupils now. in the iustitution.
The number: will be increased to 2T0 by
next month, and its soon: as atHlitiolial
accoinmodations arei,' piOTidt'dt to :100.
Since tlie. last rejiorti seven ty-ijevn 1'
pils have been -admitted, one died,.. anil
liiut'teen were- discharged.. All the pu
pils give evidence of improvement.) .i'he!
system of out door laliorjias. proved ben
eficial,.: Receipts for tho.Iast year with
the balance were $64,785, and -tho-.dis-bursements
$4;V22.72: The cstiniate for
the coining. ;year i foots., lip,-to i $54,00; i
I luring the year many imprevemeftts ol
value have beeii riuiuleiiuidi others sire
contemplated. i
IgTRpT Of'cOLV.MBIA. i.!
The President sent to tlie' Senate tW
name of George II. Williams, of Oregon';
to be Attorney General in place of Aker
nian, whose resignation is to take effect
on the lQth of Janujiry...:
'The decision of the British American
Claims Commission that the United
States is not. liable for' tbe: payment of
debts contracted by rehel authorities was
rather unexpected to the agents and hol'tU
ers here, M'ho represent Several -million'
dollars of the Confederate Gottot'I;oan.
It nppeai-s that they had sojitft diop of
realizing something out of this loan.
TbeSehiite TeriTtorial Committee liave
under consideration the Jlorinon ques
tion, as to the admission' of t'tah as a
State, with a clnnse iiroliibiting 'polyga
my. Theqnestioii has been 1'aised ifi tlie
committee in case lrtah should call acon
vention to repeal the prohibitory clause,
whctheror not 'Congress-won hi have the
right.to lt'peal the act under' which .iti
was admitted. It lsinaiiihlifictlhyimury.
that ('ongressAvould have the right.
Secretary .Ifoheson says that,' there is
no truth iu tlie report that he iiVtends to
retire from the Navy 'Depaitme-it and
accept the mission to Vienna.
The agricultural bureau says the arcn
in eorn lias been greater in 1871 than in
any former year.
The Secretary of the Interior addresses
a communication to the; Apa;h(;, .chief
Cochise, saying that the Vresidejit aiid
biiuself, as a mark of friendship, invites
him. with l.oeouiKl Victoria, to come to
Washington at the Government's ex-pense.-'
It is believisd Coc.hiite.wiU accept
llie lliv il.u.1011 t:;ii iy lll-xi. yeiW -i
1 The wooltropof the United States', for
the year ending Juno 1st, 1870, 'accord
ing to the census retnrns, amounted Jo
101,284,078 pounds, including -17,1120,047
pounds from tlie Northwestern States,,.,.
The United States and Spanish Com-i
mission lias not yet decided any cases..
But few have been presented,' owing to
the delay in faking testimony in Ciihau
Washington specials say the official ad
vices arc that Gorlschakoil' has ordered
Oataeazy to .leave America after accom
panying the Grand Duke as far 11s St.
Louis, and the legation will be placed
in charge of Baron Dantz as it, seiTeta
ry until the arri.vid of a vhargg.'dlalfairs,
who will leave at once., 1
i Treasurer Spinner antlvonzes. an ino-
phatic denial of the staleineitt that. Assis
tant Treasurer Tu! Lie will lifetire from
that office in conseipience of the recent
doveloimient of the Warden-dohnson
defalcation. Tlie grand jury found true
bills against V. A. Warden, charging
linn Willi embezzling $l2,oon in money
of the United States, and Set'u Johnson,
ouijosiua' the extension of the right. Sir
Coidiiiug jiresented a petition .of New
York soldiers in the late war, recdfmt
ilig the service of women in the war, and
asking Coimress to make some provis
ion for .acknowledgement of their1 Iierd-
isni and charitably work,. Several' I111
nor. bills were Introduced aft ftf which
the'Seuate resumed constderation. pt Mr.
Anthony's resolution ,tb create a Com
mittee on KetrenchmefJts. With Mr.
GEOllGIA..
Governor Conley of Georgia has vetoed
theanwopriation to pay interest on gold
ixmus 01 mat mate. ne a .iu.ioi--
wiiB disidiarged on Saturday, at Atlanta,
exe.-irt two from Dade county. At Sa
vannah, ttoliectorKobb has beeii lionoiti-
bly acquitted, i.ii'
Great excitenient, was caiised, at Salt
T.al-o Ctv nn Wl noiihir hv the. arrest
ait during tlie. recess id Jend, for; Jr-t0f seyeritl Mormons '.'.for tjie niurder of
Truailiuli'i amendment aiithorizui'gnt'to
sous and papers. This resoliiti.oii' witli
the. amendment, attached has proved a
fruitful source of debate" and in the' jires
eut iiisUtiiue its consideration' was. fol-"
lowed by, inii;h argument, both pro and
iMii.- ILiny of theJUwliug Jiepublicaus
v;t;re in favpr. of it but. upon a vote the
amendment was a-eiected by .1 vote of 24
yeas to 35, nay.s., lihe oUowing K'epiib-
lwaus voteil, tor it: .Jlessfs., .Alcorn,
ent,on, ;J.ogan.1.,latter30ij, Jiobertsoiii
yuhrt5, jKumneV, Tipton,. .Trumbull;
West aud W ilson.. The prijriiial resolti
tion was.tiieu iidooted: Ml'-. Tr.uinbiill
then moved' to instruct tlie. c.onjniitfee
provided for; in tlie resolutipu juat adop
ted to inquire into all subjet-ts enumera
ted iu his Kcjected amendment, and made
a lew remarks. lie ueniiju tnat .iie nati
dotie.orproiKisedor said 'anything, hos-
tUe to tbiiadiiiinisf ration or the Republi
can party., He ,was astounded at the
irrouiid taken by ccrtaiu Senators in this
debats. lie ;,was, -hostile, to nouc. wlio
..I: L
were not uisnoneRi, aim. corrupt,, anu
woiddi any. Senator undertake "to .say
that the administration or party did not
desire honesty in the iroyeriiuie'tit? The
President had-i declared in layor 01 re
ffij-in. yonie siiari-ina ;was indulged in
between Mr. '..Morton fof Indiana).. and
MiTi:uuibi.ill. At three ,9':lock, with
out reacjimg aiyotp,,oii, Mr. irutnniiu's
motion the Seriate., vent.:ii)to executive
session, and, .-soon. j after.:' adjq'urned ;till
Monday.
On iioiidaynthe I8th, .several, memor
ials and petitions Averc vcferred, jncluil
ing one by Mr, SuBiner,.of. the .negroes
of Ilhode 'island, fcitiug that they are
outraged. aud degradedyjmd asking the
passage of a supplemeufcu-y, civil, rights
bill. Mr. Corbett. introduced a-bill that
national banks, ou Uie. .first ff January,
i7-- almll liiLve three ner cent .ffdld coin'
on hand. Of, aggregated citculation, iiH
creasiiiff thereafter annually till tliey
have fifteen per cent, and tiiereafter to
keep their reserves in gold instead of
leurnl tenilers..' Oitlerea. printeii.- u.
Confclinoflared the following: .Whereas'
It bus been ueclarea iu tne fteuat9
at New York exists,, aiul isViniiiataiced-
by govern uieB.t;oHU.'ers,- under the name'
of General. Oede-r, Businpss, a, monitrpus-
abuse, fiiiudislent .111, iJbaracter, an;
Whereasy The. JoUowing. statement .has
been made by a; Senator, ..Here is. set
forth Mr. Scli.tirtz'tatcmeutaboiit .Kr.
Ijeet. liead.of the general order business;
and -the mvsterious .power, sustaining
him airainsttliewotestsof mevcluautsand
theiwish of the-Secretary pf the Treas-
nryl Therfore Ilesalhdi That, tlie
u 'onimitteeof Invest Uration atul.Retrencli-
inent are iiistruetotl to mature .into tne
matter fully,; and particulaily, lyhether
atiT eolhisioi; ou. .improper, cbnnectipn
with such business exists pn the part of
anv.cffieea,- of the, United states, ant
further to inonire whether any. 'oflicer
has liecnor is Jcuown by his superior
olHoA!t;s to be guilty of bribery, taking
bribes, orother crimes of niistreinearnor-;
and the committee is authorized to send
for persons and papers,,, Consideration
was nostiMiued till' the committee is aiv
pointed. Mr. Anthony offered a leso
Intioir for;the.nuiiointment of the follow
ins COmmitteo on Investigation .'and Ite
Messrs.. llockinsrliam. Pratt
Howe, llai'lan, ,Ste wartr tool aud Eay-
ttmii Tliiarcsoiuuoa.4ou 10 a prutnivei
;debate in u-liich. lejiding Senators "of both
-psirtnes took part. The priu.ejual pb-jee-
tion was to tna citecniiiw iuwu, v,i.iiiu'
nn this list a name- of ..at single Senator
who nrgotl thfeinyestigation, In it stron
gest, form, nioss ipoe;uiu. .ijeiiioej;.iiH
serwitor from, Dehtware Mr, Boyardft
llie jseiiatorsjon1 this list all voted against
iiiveptigation m the .strongest, iprm, :ami
everv eeimtociiiu .favor of, ijiyestigatioii
in the strongest fornix exc.e.ptj plie Demo
cratte senator. is csxcliided !.frpi,,tlri3
comniitteo.iuArarioi-.SL,aiiieiiilmi',uts, v'el-e
imposed and Anally one. oJueiedbyiri
Antliony wasauopteu,;; j
Tuesdav was. mostly taken up .with
molions and resolutions of. ufi' particular
intMPst. Tho Howo bill -appropriating
$4,00,0(.0 for piiblic.bnildjngs In Chicago
was- passed siiier soiuu inmj,,Jii-nii.iuii
Mr. sumiicj-caye notice that be would
nronosenn ameiidnient, to the Const itiiJ-
tinnnrov!MlinL- that tho riesideilt .Shall
1' eli-hle for re-electron. Several
routine liill were inf jdueed and refer-
i-Pil ti,lhn.v:ll-ioilS (XmiiHittecs,; ilie 1 11-
vnsHo-jiii.ML l-F-soliitioii. was then taken
mviinil t wo .or three amendments, pro-
nr,.tl with 1 a view. -of extending, the
iinwerfciind diities of tho Committee, alt
op which' were acceptc.l and finally
n.lAnl-oil liir n Vti 57, aves tO; HO 11.1VS.
Srrnie union resolutions were caUed up,
hn.:wtthnnt. venchinor vote, the ..Senatt
weiifc- into exneiitive Session,, and ..soon
nftef iMljofirned. .i-i'im.-' .w
weiliiesilav;was mostly occw.-'
rootine'biisi'iiess. Mr Tonton, from the
Committee on Fliiance.-reiiorted
to reorganize the custoniserviCe, an1'
veiTliitp t!nilisriOKftloil ftf;'finos 'iw.nnltieS
and TorfeitiireS. -'The !Hlise General
A fullest y !Hill was' tlien, taken up and
after a somewhat, lengthy discHssinu. it
was' agreed tliut tun vote should be taken
on the; bill 'aidi; amendments at four
o'clock-' ThH'rsdiiy."- 'i'lio "Senate- Weiit
lii'toexecnth'esessrnn and no other busi
ness wiis transacted. .-i'--i.i.i.-
'1'tin lloiMB.-Itetume for the Week end-
.iii(r ycdiiKMaij,' l)ee..'2 t Friday the
inn, wits' mostly taKen up witn tnecifii-
sfderation of the- Impropriation-lull. .Af
ter several amnidments it wits passed
without division.'" It provides thnt tlie
House shalrconsist ftf 283 meninws, (J
tribirted as follows: Maine T." New
Hampshire 2, Vermont 2, MassVchusetts
11, Rhode Island 2. Connecticut 4, New
York 32, :SfeW Jersey 7j I'enrisvlviinia 20,
Delaware 1, Maryland "Virginia
North Carolina 8, s'oii'th Carolina 5, Geor,
gla if, "Alalia .via.1 7. Misslssiiini C. Louisia
na:, Ohio 20,. KentuckylO, Tennesjice
-.p, iiiuiaua '12, Illinois i,' Missouri 13,
Arkansas f, Michigan 0, Florida 1, Texas
0, Iowa Wisconsin 8.' illfornia 4.
Minnesota Oregon 1, Kansa 3, West
r:... 'i 1.. 1 1 1
vniiii.i .xTvaiia. i, aim ituraskU; i,
Saturday was taken up with uniniporUiut
hiirtintiss for the uuist part,. The bill i
iiriMiriHUug $4,0tHv000,for a building for
tlie citstoui liouse mid pfjicr goveriunent
olliees at tliicago! cauiij, up, cvokpd long
discussion, and was linally passed
Monday was likewise given fo regular
business of no particular interest. Var
ious hills were introduced, and finally
Mr. Hoar introduced Hie following reso
lution which was adopted Jlcsolred,
Ir. Jiobiuson, some years since,
Proceedings bv Mandamus have been
instituted against Bishop Wooley, Coun
ty lteoorder: to compel nun to. allow ac
cess to bis records, hitherto uniformly
ret used j
There is a heavy storm in the mining
canons,, arid three more feet of nw lias
ftllen'.' '.Communication is; flilheult and
and uncertain.
1.1 rtJ.rsois.
Chjf.ago :,papers say nearly all .the e
'iit aiiiiointees lo otiice' by the h''i:Hty
councilor that cityobtai ned their posiT
tinlny ftfiBcarr.; .rii j! -i
It. is definitely fixed that the Grand
Duke Alexis, -with Ids .suite, will reach
Chicago on Friday the 20th. Ou Satuiv
flat be will go o Milwaukee. 'i r 1 Ou
SattinTay night he will return to. Chim-
go, and leave for 'St. -Iinis on.. Sunday
night' 01- Monday morning.- No formal
reception will be extended to b'ua in
f Jhicago. Lieutenant-General Sheridan
has extended to. the Grand Duke and his
party tin invitation to indulge-in a grand
hullalo linuf. hut 110 rentv to tlio invita
tion has as yet. lieen ieceiv-ed. It is pro
posed that the party shall proceed via the
t'acltlc'Karlroad to Fort Mcl'hersoir and
from, the fort the party will proceed sixty
"miles south' 011 horseback aiid by ambu
lance, to a point where huflafo exist in
immense ntunlei-sj Tlie tamp will pre
viously bftseht forward, and everything
made snug and eomlorta'uei' A thousand
Sioux Indians, under the lead of Spotted
lad and Whistler, wilr'bc on liand to
participate in the bniit," to show: the
Gvandlhtke how Buffalo are killed;:
The gtaMr 1 Board 'Of elneation iiave
madi a reixn-t- in which they give a de
tailed statement of the enormous frauds
practiced; in the- disposition Of Rwamp
liinds doltated for school' purposes' It is
stated that 11 the.saies ol these lands nacl
been honestly cotiihrcted theHtate would
now nave county selioal Biinoivnteitt or
twelve millions of dollars, which, added
to the present ttnid; would lustke Hf less
tlian lourtecii millions. 1 over -a million
refused. The crisis cortinues.
The ministry is as follows Sagas ta.
President of the. Council, and Minister
of the Interior; Malcaiii)o, Minister of
Marine: XJebias, Minister of Foreign af-
lans, Landau, 01 fublic Works, ami
Tapetc of Colonies; Angulo, of Finanees,
Gam hides, of War; Groigeard, Justice.
Ut these Mafcampo, Cauuau, lieplasand
Angulo were members of the last Minis
try. The government will now move
tor a ilisolution Pt tlie. Cortes.
Kniland.
1 he corivalescehce Of the Prince has
commenced. It progresses slowly but
.steaflilyi .1
Vueeu v icroria nas receiyeu t ne con
gratulations of the President of the
French Republic on the recovery of the
Prince of Wales from his dangerous ill-
ness.
Jugiisli journals, while expressing no
opinion as to the merits of Uie case, re-
igaru, ,t;lfe diltienlty in wliiCJi tlie new
American JUmistei- schenck has fallen,
"and cite as'precedents the case of Other
emb.issadors,' jiotably that of. Duke Sul
danha, who, while minister of Portugal
to st loreign iower, was pernnttcu to en
gage in private speculation.
Cable specials "say r.nglisli merchants
when the Uluess of the Prince of Wales
was alarming, bought the entire stock
of black kid gloves, black artificial flow
ers, dry goods and let ornaments in
iris.
The Times denies anv truth in the re
port that theCzarowitchriiadean assault
0.1.1 tho Prince De Reuss.
A dispatch from. London savs that all
tlie arbitrators appointed under the trea
ty of Varhington to attend the Geneva
coufcrence were to meet at Geneva, Fri-
j day, and organize.; The case as made up
by the united btates on one side, and by
1 fireat Britain 011 the other, will be de
livered to each Of the arbitrators to-morrow,
or Saturday
X he. ltmes to-day contains an editorial
unon American nffairs. its. tonic hei 110-
President Grant's message, ami aceom-
rpanying documents, lull coptes of which
have u.'en sent by mail. The 7 n;iesartie e
says it is struck with astonishment 1y
the.expositioii of the nnbouuded facili
ties for producing in the United States.
The, Times expresses belief that as a gen
eral thing tlie proposition of the Secret
rotary 01 Uia Treasury should be adop
ted; .it, nevertheless, hopes' that the
American congress will receive Bout-'
.well's proposal for giving subsidies to
Ipcrspns employing American iron built
steamships. .The. limes approves pro-
I usitiQns lor incorporating telegraphs
wuu-$ue, r-ost utuce. Department,. 111 reT
Insti-uction Kiven in all branches of a Commer
cial Juturation wbich iuclwles tlie
SCIENCE OF ACCOUNTS, COMMER
CIAL LAW, BOOK-KEEPING,
PENMANSHIP and
TELEGRAPHING.
LARGEST AND MOST BEAUTIFUL
ASSORTMENT IN THE
CITY, OF
Ladies, and gentlemen's
Gold and Silver Watches,
I'LAlS axd fakcy jkwklrt,
Solid Sc Plated Silverware,
AT
R. S. WOOD'S,
No. 4S Main Street,
Great Inducements.
MAGNIFICENT OFFER
TO
Every Subscriber of The
Painesville Journal
Wanting a Per
fect Sewing,
Machine.
Scribner's Monthly,
Karucst, cublc and unliiaed.
Lippincott's Magazine,
Kvcr flllotl with varied and rare gems. Price
of the aliorc magazines, l-'our lol larb eacli.
Any one or the above magazines will lie sent lor
one year together with the Journal, price
Two Dollars, and an engraving; also
worth Two Dollar, to any licrson who will
forward Five Dollars; or we will tend any
one of the magazines for one year and the
engraving to any one who will aend us
twelve new subscribers to the Jour
nal, together with the money.
We will l.nsoscnd the Journal subscription
price Two Dollars one Bplcudid steel
Plaie fcliifrravinjr worth Two Dollars
together with:
Itlackwood's Reprint, price 4.00 for
Frank Leslie's Ladle's Maga
zine, price a. 50 lor
American Law Register, price 5.09 for
Lady's ItcpoMtorr, price ,3.50 for t
Our Vomig Folk's; price 9.00 for
Peterson's Magazine, price 2.ouror
5.25.
5.25.
6.50.
5.00.
8.75.
3.50.
The most exquisite, quaint and elegant de-
I signs of Bijouterie, selected expressly for the
Holiday trade of this vicinity.
Fifty good Bookkeepers, r iman,and Telegraph
operators wanted tmmeitiateiy toprepai-e
themselves for Business situations
sure, to be louiul, good enter
prising Business men are
always wauted.
BUSINESS CORRESPONDENCE a specialty.
Book-keeping.
Penmanship, plain aud ornamental.
Telegraphing
Instruction per month,
Full course ia all departments, tim
limited
SO 00
30 00
.25 00
800
t$75 00
A Thorough Course will be
given in Mathematics.
We intend to establish in this beautiful citr.
which is unsurpassed for its educational advan
tages, a Commercial College that shall be a com
plete success in an its departments.
Clocks in every style, from the plainest wood
to the most ornate Bronze, aud lu every new
design.
Call and see for yourselves.
In every case satisfaction guaranteed, both as
I to price and quality.
tSg' Remember the location, No. 45 Main St.
SSk-kai-S.
College Hours
till 3, P. M.
From till 1 A. M.; from one
fgFull inoormation sent to those desiring to
aitoud.
The
ISaifiM
O. G. PRATT,
PRINCIPAL.
PAINESVILLE
JOURNAL,
and a lialf acres have' lien -i?r(nailerol, 1 latlnii to the cstitbllshniRiit of saviiifrs
'1,1 tl.!l! J 1 3 I. .i 1 1 1 1 1
j. lit; rt.-sjnni5iuiiiiy wi iinsisriiaiw-i iifHjii -i uuiiap tiiui lur iiuuiiii-iilhjiis ui civil svrv
J.tie Cwinty tjotrrt..- i he i-ej)ort Riiys
mnnv couiitrcs liftve drawn' upon'' the
school fund to ei-eet coHirt-honses,; "jails,
bridges, build rsiilroadrf hiid foi' the ex--Ciivatiii
of rivers, iSic,-' The Boaril' reo,
bmniendi that the County Courts be1 re-
qtiiretl to 'levy -a special tax to replace
the school inntls-ille'rallj'- n set!, an 11 ask
that the attorneys be authorized to insti
tute proi-eediirg to ret'overtheliiiids-aiid
lauds squandered by "the counties'," and
wnen necessary to mandamus tne coun
ty Cohvts-tolevV taxes.
The lower- Monse'itif the: l.esnslar,ure
passed a concurrent resolution asking
Congress, to pass si law grHrttinR full ain-
tiestv to all who had been :dewivcd of
the rights of citizens.
The revolution continues to SDrcadi
Tlie States of CUisaca, Nticva, Lcotii Son!
ora,: I)urngo. ad Zacatecas areiik-the
IXlwer.oi tlie revolutionists...' who prevail
in,, Han Luis, Vwa,,,Crua"' and yuelila
I'resKloiuv.aurez opened ,thp session ot
Congress, 011. the first ot ftoveniber, with
a remarkable .siieech ,ou, the .situation.
lie saiU.tbe.oimtrv; aiTtpears to, be con
suming UhVJli 111 111111 iiuiui su uggi;s, unci
that; the military ism agiun opposes- the
stanuaru ot legality, Jringing hack, the
tune wiien revoiutionisin sianincs a
change of individuals in power,,- He
eotttits tijKiu tle aid of Cmgress to. sup
press the movements. l yo Republics
boldly announces tliatpi-esenteveuts are
di-iving to a piHtectorate,,or annexation
to the., U nited btates,: dispatch -fi-ouv.'
Miltflfuoras, Jlexico, says that ;vt -botll
that pliu-e ami at Brownsville, .American
intervention in the Mexican civil war
was coiilidenf ly anticipafjed.. The Tex
an Kepreseiitatives-to Vougrosa are. re
quested tofikvor it- r-Q'-'iraga; is. at Cpral
vo threatening .Meir... Costina was re
cently here in coitsult.it ion with Kolacios
with whom he. is ostensiblv in acconl
ami i.-i now HKiiviiiy; towards. Jil'ie.r. with
forty thousand, men, all the: available
governnient forces, ,to meet. Quirago.
His alleu-iance.-to.! Juarez- is doubt lul.
The Governnient. steamer with fund.s is
hourly expected. frfim Tamk-o and unless
it arrives soon a prouiuiciamento i.s. imr
luinmit. 1 i
i 1. NRW :YOilK..
TnesdHv afternooii MissTennie C'laf-
lin appeared ,at .tell'erson Market Court,
and coniplained to Justice Shandly fhat
her father1 aiid mother Were a source of
coiitimf.-il aiiiioj-aiice to her'' aiid Mrs.
Woodhuil." She Complained Specifically
that they went to her residence on' WikI-
nesda'v evening last and created a great1
disturbance. .fustice Hhand ley issued a
summons for their appearance to answer j
the charge of their daughter.
The Suu savs it lias In foriuiition that
Mrs. Garvey, wife of. Plasterer Ciirvey,
arrived 111 tlicoityjrom hwit.ei-land, and
that she is iustriicUl by her. husband to
say, I hat oil condition of his. not' being
prosctuited, he will disclose, all that he
kuovs eomruiug the Itiiig frauds. Wie
inl (males that her husband's revelations
wilil iniilicatc Maj-oftlall, Sweeney aud
Hciiry Smith. ller propasition. ho4 iiq.t
yet; been replied to by, Charles O'Conoi-J
rtic Tribune of .Wednesday eontanis
an article in favor of: breaking ..up the
two hundred giiinbliiisr houses of New
1 York, -ami the driving from the .city of
tne z,iniu pi-oiestonal gauinlurK, ropers in
and tiiievesconiiectoii therewith; r A list,
of ninetv-flve ofi those open is given, all
of which are said to be known to the jm.-
U'lin lircrrwl tn I,ni.iL nn ,1,.. .1,
hrraceful business nud drive its conduc
tors from the city. ii. .-i ,i. in
It is'statgd that a postpyihement of the
libel suit of 'Miss Mansfiild ayatnst Klsk
Was granted in' the Yorkvillfl Court foi'
thi-ee weeks on act'ount of the illness of
Miss Mausflld. This Is probably the
histof tlio casf. 1
Conn'ollvis sick, aitd' conllnetl' to his
bed at I,udlow Street Jail. He cr.mplal ns
of all afl'ection of tliekidnnv'S. wliicli his
friends s.-iv lie has beeii afl'i'ctcd with for
several' years past, which lifts' brail
brought on again by his confinement
When Tweed appeared at I hi- Com
Sessions, ou Tuesday, he looked pale and
crestfallen, and tried vainly to smil
pleasantly when a friend urasned his
uiir 111 the direction ot reform,
11 t France.
The majority of the National Assembly
are'still- ayerset a return to Paris. It is
reported to-day that an arrangement is
likely to be eflfeetcd under which the ex
ecutive departments will take up their
qnarters in fans, while the Assembly
remains ai Versailles. r.ignt ot the ex
treme Legitimists in: the Assembly will,
it is Said, secede from the majority of the
Monarchist party in the Cortes. I'he
Due l)'Autn:vle is chosen it leader.
The number of students in the eolletres
at I.ctr has dimitiished from live hundred
to three' 'hundred- since- the German oc
cupation of the city, and in the college at
Colmai' the number has been reduced
from four hundred to sixty, of whom
forty-eight are German.
"''The agents of the International Society
report that the French army is composed
of Republicans -and Imperialists, the lat
ter much the .strongest iu number. The
Home Secretary is likely to request parli
ament to give hlin authority to expel Carl
Manx from the United Kingdom. M auk's
residence has been placed under the
watclv of -police agents.
A sepcial dispatch from Paris says that
on Thursday' another interview took
place-between Thiers aud the Orleans
l"rinces, -which was of an unfriendly
character. Thiers" complained that the
Due IVAuinale had not striet.lv observed
the previous agreement, inasmuch as he
had endeavored to interest Generals in
his favor.--" The Due Il'Auinald denied
this;1 Thiers -said: "I know that vou
have visited -many Generals, who are
mcniliers of the Assembly, with viewsto
obtain their support. 1 doubt not your
aim is patriotic. 1 was particularly sur
prise! anil displeased that you "also made
similar visits to many of the subordinaie
Generals;" The Due answered evasively
and terminated the interview with the
declaration that he would now take ths
idvicc ol ins menus, not as to whether
he should take his seat, but only with ref
erence to the proper time for doing so.
Gen. Unurbnki told Due D'Auinale in the
presence of Gen. Duo-ot that only a Re
public or an Empire was oompcteiit to re
store France'.. He could serve no other
gOAernmeiit. The Orleans plan is forthe
jiigiit, to take advantage ot Thiers Im
patience, at the first opportunity to' force
his resignation, make Due D'Auinale
President, to follow with a declaration
proclaiming Chatnbord King, Count De
Paris heir, to the throne, and Due D'Au
inale Lieutenant General.
Due D'Auinale and Prince Do Join-
ville took tlieir seats m the National As
sembly Wednesday. They sat in the cent r
ol the mcmliers of the Riht. Their aD.
pearauce created no sensation in the body
To The Public!
By ft New Methoi of Life Assurance, which
Applies the Tontine principle to the distribution
of tlivideiMls. ami which, by allowing the assur
ed to sell his policy tc tlie Company only after
state! period, results more favorable than any
hitherto experienced may be eujoyod by persons
IKJsaessed of constitutional longevity, wno may
irep their policie in force uutil the middle or
latter part of their lives
THE NEW
TONTINE SAVINGS FUND POLICY
Is based on tlie above conditions, and presents
tlie following distinguishing features, which are
illustrated by a Calculation of l'robable Kesults
on a policy of Teu Thousand Dollars, at Ordi
nary idle Kites, age 87, aouual premium 281 70
First Sale of Policy to the Company.
At the end of 10 years 101 per cent, of premiums
returned; at the end of 15 years 151 per cent, of
premiums returned; at the end of SO years Wl
per cent, of premiums returned.
SECOSD-PMD UP POLICY.
At the end of 10 vears 7.000: at fhe end of 15
years 14,000; at the end of 30 years 83,000.
THIRD AN ANNUITY.
At the end of 15 years the profits will Extin
guish the annual Premium, and, with the sulwe
(luent annual dividends, will purchase a yearly
income 173 8J or, at the end of SO years, of 647 40.
These estimates are derived from a careful di
gest of past experience, and are endorsed by
SHEPPARD HOMAXS,
Consulting Actuary.
-0-
The celebrated Elias Howe Sewing Machine is
known the world over as standing among the
few leading machines, that may be called per
feet.
There are so many good Sewing Machines
made now-a-days, U is has been a difflcuit
matter to say which is the. best. But we have
selected the celebrated Howe Sewing Machine
to offer as a premium, because we consider it,
bevond a doubt, equal to tlie VERY best, if not
suuerior to any Sewing Machine Made. Tlie
reputation of this machine for simplicity, dura
bility, rapidity of aetion, and having the best of
stitches, ranks awith the very best. This, in a-
chine, with walnut table, cover, and the modern
improvements sells at Shventy Hollars.
We willprcscnt sucliiiinachliic to any person
who will send us the names of One Hundred
and XwentyFlve new subscribers, wbich,
at our usual rates, (2.00 each, is $-250.
We simply want the names, with the money
of one hundred and tmntu-fte person who do
not take our paper, and w,... really subscrilie for
it; they may lie sent one at a time, or. all togeth
er, tliey may be at one post-oftlce, or more than
one we are only particular that they shall he
bona-Jice yew tubserlbere.- On this liberal offer
we shall expect to send one of these indespensa-
ble household articles into almost every town
si.i in this county,
Persons intending to take advantage of this of
fer, and sending the subscribers names as they
obtain them, will please state in each instance
that tliev are sent on this account.
All subscriptions sent under this offer must
begin with the number of the paper NiXy after
THE RECEIPT OF THE MOSEY.
Remittances must be maid by post-onire
money-order, bank check, or express (paid.)
In order to present every possible in
ducement to those desiring to work for this
premium, we will add to the above oner, wbich
in itself is almost nnparalelled, the following
to eacb ene composing; ihe cluk we
will present a copy one of the
WEEKLIES.
We will send the Journal subscription
price Two uollass an engraving
worth Two Dollars together with:
Reasons why the Journal Steel Plate Eniravingsi which sell
at f 3au apiece, no tnat in presenting ibis
Has Met with Such
Success.
Persons intending to assure their lives will
find it to their advautage to examine this new
plan with care. Documents, giving full partic
ulars of the rules of the Company with regard
to the issue of the above Savings Fund policy,
extended tables of rates, aud other interesting
matter, may be obtained by application to
Equitable Life Insurance Society.
Painesville, Obi.
Robert McCormick,
Agent.
24dk61-2
The Best
IS THE CHEAPEST,
And at the
New York Cheap Store,
No. 71 main St.,
Painesville, Ohio,
Can be found an assortment of all kinds off
Dress Coods,
Which are not only the best because they are
the cheapest, but are the cheapest because they
are the best.
List of Letters
UX;A I.I.ED FOlt IJf 'THK POST OF
Hoe at Painesville, Ohio, December 15, lbll.
Anderson, M rs.
lule. Miss Mary A
l.eti, Miss Anna
T. A DIES 1. 1 ST.
M'helplcv, Mrs Jerome
Wilmcr, Miss Louie 1
Wright, Mrs Klizabeth
liKXTI.KMKN'S
A'Uon.llW
i.l-HIIS. F A
C'omstock, Kugcne
I 'a llin, W arrcu T
l.lll-l'.'lll, AllCllllCI
Dunahoe, John
r;tiny,i nits
Fate, ticorgc
LIST.
Huston. (lark
Jaquis, Win
I.emy, I'harles
Loontis, l.ui-iun
Masters, S II
Simmons, I'luis
Thompson, S L
Wood, .1
(Savlord, K 11
HELD FOR POSTAOK.
Mrs l.W Carpenter. ITpsilautf, Michigan.
Mrs .Small I. Caul, Cleveland, hio.
Anderson Warner, Hill House, Ohio.
Itohcil liutlcr, Laiieslioni, Minnesota.
:Pta-sous calling for the aliove lottei-s will say
"advui tiseiU" 4i, li PAIN l, P. M.
A Card-
riMIK U.NDKRSKiNKD, CONTEMPLATINO
1 a change of residence, returns liis sincin-e
thaaks for the liberal patronage he has received,
and ruspt-i-tl'iilly informs his fui-mur patrons that
in liitui'c Messrs. Tiblialls llivthers will occupy
the gullery.
Tim Mc.srs. Tiblialls llroihcrs hare all of Mr.
clapsailul-S'-ninl my own iigativvs, copies
from wliicli can be had fit auv time.
In thus disposing ol' my gallery to tlieTiblutls
ltrolhci-s I wonlil say tlittt tliey are artists iu
the t rue sense of f ile word, aud it Is a pleasure
to Know Ih.-it inv old gallery is in good hands ami
that I here is at Iciisl u piiioi'iit prospct ol' its
lii-iiif.r disgiact-il by unkuowii itinerant "Tiuty-
lllUI'S,"
I'aiiiesville, Dec. 15, lsl. Edward Smith.
First. Becanse it is the largest paper ever
published in this county, and because it fur
nishes each week nearly three columns
snore reading than all the other pa
pers combined.
Second. Because it has a larger list of
contributors than any other paper in
Northern Ohio.
Third. Because it is in every sense of the
word, "a live paper," "for live people."
Fourth. Because it is, in the broadest sense,
fair and independent upon all subjects, wheth
er Social, Religious or Political.
Fifth. Because its articles are all to the point,
and Its ooainiiu are not filled with long and
prosy essays devoid of all interest.
Sixth .Because it gathers the news from all
quarters of the world, by telegraph and
through its own special correspondents aud re
porters, and condenses it Into such brief shape
as to present a reliable mirror of all that is go
ing on in this and other countries.
I Seventh. Becanse its Market Reports of
Stock, grain, groceries and agricultural pro
ducts, of home and foreign markets are always
reliable.
Eighth. Because it is a paper forthe Home
Circle always having something for the young
folks, as well as for the old folks; something
for the humorous as well as for the thoughtful;
something for the gentlemen as well as for the
ladies; in fact, something for all tastes.
The Journal presents the greatest number of
regular and carefully edited departments of any
paper published in this section.
0
The Literary Department
Will always be found filled with choice and
varied reading, cither written expressly for the
Journal by the best authors of the land, or
carefully selected from the ablest hoine and for
eign publications. The serials are exciting.
and free from any of the objectionable features
of ordinary sensational Romances. the essays
upon Religious,SociS or Pol itieal topics are able,
fair and liberal its hutnerons column quaint,
fanciful and witty its general articles spicy and
interesting, and its Poetry, original and selected,
pure, chaste and of the highest order.
The Children's Column."
Has already ocquired a reputation which was
well expressed by oue of the lady subscribers
who said "That one column alone was well
worth the whole price of su 'wcription. Its
stories are pretty and inculcate he highest
morality."
The Religious News
is culled from tlie religious publications of the
whole world, and presents a brief but compre
hensive view of all that occurs of interest during
each week, together with such other items of
general religious information at are of interest
to all.
The Agricultural Column
Is carfully edited with a desire to always pres
ent reasonable suggestions aad hints that will
benefit the Farmers generally, and advance all
aggricultural interests.
The Column of Practical Hints
Is prepared with the greatest care, and will lie
found to contain much information that will
be of use In the family and lu the workshop.
Mo receipts are presented without first having
been practically tested, and hence may lie re
lied upon.
The Editorials
Will always be fair and impartial.and as able as
the abilities of the editor will euable them to be.
The News of tho Week
Is a department which is alone worthjthe full
price of subscription. In it will be found the
latest aud most reliable news of the whole week,
collected from every part of the world. It is
carefully prepared and arranged in States and
Countries. The entire civilised world Is repres
ented in the columnhlevoted to this department,
and no other paper bare presents In Its eutire
I contents so great an amount of rel iable informa
tion in. regard to tne aoings every wnere as it
found in this one department alone.
Tho Markets
In all the principal cities from which produce is
received or to which it is sent, are given up to the
latest hour of going to press and are always re
liable and correct.
The Local News
From all part of the County is full and com
plete. The reporters and correspondents of the
Journal are able, and spare no lalmr in col
looting Items so as to make their several depart
ments to contain everything that may transpire.
The Columns oJ the Journal
premium, our offer stands as follows: to any per
son procuring us the names (and money) for one
hundred and twenty-five yearly subscribers .to
the Journal, we will present a Seventy Dollar
Elias Howe Sewing Machine, ami at the same
time will give to each of the persons belonging
to the club, a beautiful engraving, the price of
which would be JUST THE SAME as the origi
nal subscription price to the paper, namely Two
Dollars.
Sewing Machine
i ALSO i
GI VEN A 1VA Y.
Another splendid chance to any one desiring
to obtain a genuine
Elias Howe Sewing Ma
chine! For Nothing! j
To any person getting npa clubof one faun.
dred yearly subscribers, and forwarding
the price of subscription, $2U0, we will present
one of the justly celebrated Elias Howe Sewing
Machines which sell at tteS-OO, and toach of
the persons composing Uie club we will
present a splendid steel-plate engrav'
lug which retails at 2.00 The only
difference between this club and the proceeding
one is in tlie value of the machine, and conse
quently in the number of subscribers required.
The machine for 65.U0 is the same as that for
ft 70.00 except that one is provided with a cover
and the other is not. Is every other particular
the twe are identical. i i.
Other Splendid Premiums.
WATCHES of the World
Renowned American
Watch Company's
Make Given
for
NEW SUBSCRIBERS
TO TIIE
Painesville Jotimal.
As Follows:
In Dress Goods
Of all varieties,
Will be found not only the larcest but t be hcyt
selected stock in the place. Taste auil jsitg
ment combined have enabled this to be pvovea
to all who may call.
ALTHOUGH
Black A Xpacas are made a Speciality,
YKT
Alpacas of till Grades
AND
SHADES
Are kept constantly on hand, asal of the Rest
Ui-amls, which are warranted to neither fade or
turn to that most disagreeable of alt colors a.
gray black,
SAXONY PLAIDS for only S5c.
BOULARl PLAIDS for only 85c.
LINEN8,
Choice, clear and imported at greatly reduce
prices.
RLANKETS
LINEN CRASH
HANDKERCHIEFS
VELVETEENS
And in short everything that can ever b want
ed or found in a first class store.
Remember
AT TUK
New York Cheap Store
OF B. EHRXICH.
jsSy Whatever may be said by eithm-BeiK-Ut-
Ikm- or enuuiy, at to my deal or my trout.liirriit
il v point tu a lvuoiii ol' over Ave yeai-tx.iluriuicr
which time none htitt ever laen found wilU' bat
bceu ilisKHtisfleil with their treatment, tiie goutl
they nurrbttM'U or the prices lor wbictv tttey ou
taii'ieti them.
And uow 1 say to all that whenever any Koothtt
h "B.T, rer. sVeAel "tLTu XTZZl W, lu Collecting News. in Discus
tin iii-.l mid the mouey will be returaed.jjfctf II lion and thu broadest Liberality iuallthiugs will
lUiuUl-s! B. EHKL1CU. 1 always be found.
are ever open to the discussion upon any topic
of public luterest wnlch contains no element of
personalities, and, although the editor will not
hold himself responsible for the views and opin
ions that may lie advanced, yet the contributors
arc at liberty to advocate such as may seem
proper to them in support of their poiltlous.
The Journal
Iu short is a paper whereiu Erecdora of Speech,
To any person procuring fifty new year
ly subscribers to the Jodbnal, will be pre
sented oue of the American Company'
Rterlintr Silver, Hunting I'ase Gen-
tlemeu's Watches. These watches are
furuiehed with solid silver caps, and' wilt be
warranted as gonuine American works, and sol
id Sterling SiiverCases. The regular price
for the watches is 140.00. As in all other
clubs, so in this we will in order to enable those
getting up the lists to offer every inducement
also give to each one of the fifty persons compos
ing the club, one of the large Steel Plate En
gravings, StxH, which retail at tS-OO, just the
subscription price of the paper itself.
To any person procuring forty new year
ly subscribers to tlie Joi knal, we will pre
sent a watch precisely similar to the above iu ev
ery respect, except the weight of the cases, aud
which retails at S.30.UO, and as before au en-
Craving; to each of the forty subweri.
bers.
OTHER PREMIUMS
Smaller Clubs.
A Rare Chance to Procure
Standard Works
MYTHK
BEST AUTHORS.
For Thirty new subscritiera will be given a
splendid copy of Webster's I'nabrlageu
Dictionary, which sells at S.IS.50, and to
each of tlie thirty members of the club
oneof the 12.00 Engravings.
Or tbr thirty new subscribers will be
given a full bound set of Dickon's Works.
which retail at s.9.00, aud a years subscription
to the Optic's Boys and Uirls Magazine, tlie sub
scription price of which is tS.OO. whilu an en
graving valued at 48.00 will beglvcu to each
of tlie club.
Kortweuty subscribers will be given
a years subscription to any two ol'tlie following
named magazines orpapers: CasscU's Magazine
(monthly parts, reprint, price 3.S0 per annum
Hearth and Houe, weekly, price 2.00 per an
num; Home Journal, weekly, S .011 pea anunm;
New York Ledger, weekly, price S.IW iierau-
The Rural New Yorker, weekly, S.00 per an
mini; (lodey's lady's ltook. monthly, price 3.IK)
per annum, and each of the twenty iu the
club will also lie prescuted with a magnifi
cent steel plate engraving valued at
.oo.
fat ten subscribers a years subscription
to auy oue of the inagaziues or patcrs named
above, will be given to the getter up of the club
aud an Eugraviug to each member of the club.
For Five subscribers an engraviug
as abort ami the Journal for one year
will be sent to the getter up or the rluli, aud an
eugraviug toeach one of the other five
eeuiposiug the elub.
The American Citizen, price 2.0n, for 5 tS.5.
Appleton's Journal, price 4.00, for 6.6U.
The Clipper, (sporting) price 5.00 for 5.D0,
Frank Leslie's Illustrated
Newspaper, price 4.00 for o.so.
Frank Leslie's Chimney
Corner, price 4.w lor o.&u.
Frank Leslie's Boy's and Girl's
Weekly, price .50 for 8.75.
Harper's Bazaar, price 4.00 for 6.7.J.
Harper's Weekly, price 4.00 for 615.
New York Ledger, price S 00 for 4.25.
Protestant Churchman, price 4.00 for 4. "5.
Scientific American, price 8.00 for 4.75.
New Y'ork Weekly Times, price9.O0 for 8.00.
New York W'klvTribiine.price 2.00 lor J.5.
New York Weekly, price 8.00 for 4.5.
Every Saturday, price 6.00 for 6.50.
Toledo Blade, price 8.00 for 3.45.
QUARTERLIES.
We will send the Journal subscription
price Two Dollars an Engraving, &c.
together with:
Edinburgh Review. (Reprint) price 4.00 for 5 00.
London Quarterly Review, price 4.00 for 6 00.
North British Review, price 4.00 for 6.00
Westminister Review, price 4.00 for 6.00.
FOREIGN WEEKLIES.
We i send the Journal-sulwcription
price Two Dollars an Engraving worth
Two Dollars together with:
Athcnieum, price B OO for 10.00,
Bells Life, price 10.00 Tor 10 00.
Spectator, price 15.00 for 14.00.
Art Journal (monthly) price 15.00 for 14.00.
Any other publication in Europe or America
ean be furnished at like reasonable rates.
Prospectus for 1872.
FIFTH YEAR.
A Representative and Champion of American
Art.
TIIE ALDINE:
An Illustrated Monthly Journal claimed to be
tlie handsomest raper in tne m 01 in.
"Give mv love to the artist workmen or TH E
ALDlNKwho are striving to make their pro
fession worthy of admiration for beauty, as it
has always been for usefulness." Henry Ward
heerker.
THE ALDrXE. while issued with all the reg-
iilni-itv. bus none of the tcninorarv or timelr in
terest characteristic ol' ordinary iwrtodicals. It
is an elviraut miscellany ol pure, ngnt, ami
graceful literature, and a collection of pictures,
the rarest- speciuieus of artistic skill, iu blui-k
and white. W line other piililicutions may i-laim
superior nlieapuess as roiuimreu wiiu rivals a
iiilHri'liLss I IIK AI.I1M-.1I ailllluue HUH Ol Ig-
injkl couceution alone and unaunroached ab
solutely without com petition in price or charac
ter.
New Features for 1872.
Art Department.
The enthusiastic support so readily accorded
to their enterprise, wherever it has been intro
duced, h.-us convinced the publishers of THE
A LUIS K of the soundness of their theory that
the Americau public would recognize aud hc-ui t
ily supfMirt anv sincere effort to elevate the loue
and standard of illustrated publications. As a
guarantee of the excellence of this dopurtiui-ut,
the publishers would lieg to aunouuee duiiug
the coining year, siiecimeus .from the follewiug
eminent American art ists:
W. T. Rich akds, Wm. H. Wilcox,
WM. llSKT, JAMK8 H, BEAKO,
tt'S. ItEAKll, .liULS SMI1.KY,
CiEOHOK SM1LKT, R. E. 1'IOrKT,
Ai'o. Will, Frank Bum,
l.KASVII.I.K PEBKINS, 1AI L lIXOS,
F. U. C 1IA.KLKY,. J. HO A3.
VlCTOK NK1ILIQ,
These nictiires nre being reproduced without
regard to expense liy the very best engravers in
Hie oimitrv. aud will be.-ir the severest critical
comparison it Is the beat foreign work, it bciug
the determination of Uie publishers that THE
A 1.11 NK shall be a successiui viniiicaiic.il i
American taste ill competition with auy exist
ing publication iu tlie world.
Literary Department.
Where so much attention is paid to illustra
tion and get up of the work, too much dcR-ud-ence
on appearances may very naturally be
'.ni-nl. To anticniate sum miscivings. u is
only necessary to state, that, the editorial man
ageuientofThK A1.1UNE has been intrusted lo
Mb. KICHAIUI HENRY STODDARH, who has
received assurances ol assistance irom a nost 01
the most popular writers and poets of the couu-try.,-
The Volume for 1872
will contain nearlv pages, anil alioiil Vtt tine
engravings, commencing with the number lor
January everv third number will contain a
lieaiitiful tinted picture on piaie paper, insertevi
as a frontispiece.
The Christmas number for 18K, will bo a
splendid volume in itself, containing Ally en-n-raviniH.
(Axir is tint) aud. although retailed at
one dollar, will lie sent without extra charge to
all yearly subscribers.
A I'hroms to Every Subscriber
was a wrv popular feature last year, and will
lie repeated with the present volume.
The publishers have purchased and reproduced.
at great expense, the lieaittiful oil paint lug liy
Skis, entitled "liana Nati-kk's ScnooL." The
i-hi-onio is 11x13 inches, and is an exact I'ac-siui-
ile, iu sue and apiwarance. 01 tne original pi.- -i.iirt
Nn American chronio. which will at all
compare will! it, has yet been inred at retail
lor less man ine pric
and it together. It will be delivered free, with
Hie January number, to every subscriber who
pay lor oue vear ih advance.
Terms for 1872.
OneCopv, one yearv with Oil Chroma, Five
VV.Wars.
Five Copies- Twenty
Hollars.
JAJIF.S SI'TTOX Jfc tt.,
PUBLISHERS.
S3 Liberty Street, Mew Work.
Special IRates With the
JOURNAL.
By means of ail arrangement with the pub.
Ushers or this Spleudta Illustrated
Menthly we are enabled to make the follow
ing unparalleled offer to all who may desliu to
embrace thn opportunity:
EorjiG.OO
wo will send for one year
The Aldine, Price $5.00,
together with its niaguillceut
Premium Chromo, "Dame
Nature's School,"
which is valued aud retailed at live" Dollars;
Aud also
The Painesville Journal,
Price $2.00,
.together with tho premium
Steel Engraving, ;t $2.
Item ember
That for six Dollars we will send tin-A I -nine
for one year, the ('brume "Ituuic
Kature's School." the l'aiursville
Journal for one year and a flue Steel i:it
gravlng; or in other words,
Eor Six Dollars
we will send
Eo u rtccn Dolht rs'
worth of Literary aud Artistic work. Thu
Unparalleled Offer
we are only able to make by tj.-ial arraHa.
tmmf with the publishers at the Aldine.