theyenne daily reader.
YOL. Y.
Cheyenne Daily Leader.
Official Paper of the United States*
TCTBUSIIKD DAILY, KXCETT SUNDAY, BY
3sr. A- 3E=jl,
Editor and Proprietor.
—We dqvote our space and time to
day chiefly to the publication of de
tails of the greet fires in Chicago,
Saturday and Sunday nights.
—A- Boston paper propounds the
following conundrum for Darwin:
Upon what principle of selection is
It that of ull the darker colored horses
which have white feet, twice as many
of them have their white feet behind
as before?”
A lady once wrote to Harper’s,
sending a story for which she asked
twenty-five dol'ars. They liked it so
much as to pay thirty-five dollars for
it, and she was asked foir more. She
sent several others, but they were so
worthless that they hnd to send them
all back and tell her to stop contrib
uting. _____________
Mr. (Pendleton having said, in
one of; his sophomoric speeches, that
it was an appalling fact that there
wasn’t money enough in the country,
by $150,000,000, to pay the taxes of
thd nation and States, if the people
were required to pay them ull in one
day, Senator Morton replies as fel
lows in his Cincinnati speech ;.-“Well,
now, that is a tremendous thought,
and it is also an appalling tact that, if
the people were requirwl to eat in one
day all tkey now eat in the course of
n year, they would inevitably burst.”
—The much-talked-of overthrow
of the famous column in the Place
Vendoirio does not seem to have
involved any serious destruction of
property.. A competent architect es
timates the cost of its restoration,
precisely ns it stood before, nt a trifle
over fifty thousand dollars. This-ap
pears incredible. But the prostration
of thecolumn only injured ten of the
two hundred and seventy-four bronze
platesof which its exterior was com
posed, and these require but com
paratively slight repairs. A saw bnrs
es the balustrade and some pieces of
the capital have disappeared; but
these can bo easily replaced.
Buy Me an 1 I’ll do Ycu Good.
tt()QT AM9 PLANT.
By cleanulnc the blood nnd arontdmzlhc I U
liver and accretive organ* to a healthy ac
a tion. thus* Pill enre. tomay ooraplamt* Ki
which iirvoVlfl r.itfw t>*»r>jv*>Md ♦♦tey*c»trtd r
•5 reach, such as Headache, In In thr *i;ie. j .*1
Nuinhnexw as the I.tinea and f ;,.t.Dullness 1
S Chilliness, e ,nv ti<m, Neorshjia, L:»ss j H
of appetite. Kidney; L
B 3 affection* CcmYLutiuE, Do'ci.i;v Fo.'crt, ‘A
fl ofal!
other kindred t" aritor ..alow to
of the body or ohsiruc.iam »)f it j forotiona. idoi.ig
free from mercury end othe r polur.u l (lie* ciuj be
taken as all* tem-sftab r.i.tiorsill cirj'nfihtr.ree
■without regard t> diet or
a box Prepared by the Grafton Medic..m St.
Mo. Sol (J by, druggisls and dealers in mod*
icinet eery where jySsd£wly
POSEY ,S, Y7ILSON,
j£3l 22 IH.
"VT KWBRICKBLOCK, Sixteenth at..near Fergi*-
.Lx son, Cheyenne, Wyoming, transacts n gen
•ral bawWiurttismei**.
Ut
i W U—. if -w W W*^**W4W
n«|woißSPe:
_ vc4S r2f
p cw D E R
It refULjf de+e reding all other preparationi for producing
Kltgant, sw««f and W%eU*om*e MOLLS, BISCUITS, BREAD,
11 uriyemft ud othar GriddU C.vku. rer/ettip Pure and
JlcliabU, and nUenpe remdg for immediate Tba CHEAP
TSTPoIiy PmlrkO. WOBLi), and II WILL MUMP ON
LA xt> 6il St A, fa imp climate, fir peart It la w«U adapts
to the uaa of Heuttketpert, Miner*, Mariner*, Emigrant*. A*.,
«nd la tfW&Mil eUrp teepert, t%e‘§gST THtSTrCnrDSM
me-.U rtUCMwp, tkeOalUg"
iVLW Bf bkoefeud ft HkAI.E;n» EYTOTWHESE.
ilami/aoture.Lby DOOLEY A BROTHER,
SSINCW i. v rRCETafiEV/*YOR»C
CHEYENNE, WYOMING, MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1871.
TELE GRAPHIC!
RKPOUTBD r.X i’llC..r*l,T THE LEADER.
NIGHT
SALT LAKE ITEMS, ETC.
THE WISCONSIN FIRES.
Terrible Fires in Chicago.
Twenty-six Blocks Destroyed
A Cojnpletc Reign of Terror.
THE FIRE FIEND HOLDS
HIGH CARNIVAL.
7 t.* >lw ats
Tlie Flames Unchecked.
New York, October T.—The Times’
Washington correspondent says that
Secretary Delano has unearthed a gi
gantic Indian fraud involving over
sixty thousand acres of land, and im
plicating several well known Indian
officials of the lust Administration,
including an ex-Cominissioner of In
dian Affairs, A commission has
been appointed by the Secretary to
probe the matter, and startling de
velopments are expected.
Mixwal'kee, October 7.— News
from tlie northern fires to-day state
that they are raging worse than ever.
A man who lias just arrived at Fort
Howard, from Pensaukee, says that
thirty men were burned to death at
that place, and part of tlie town and
one mill, nnd thinks that the rest lias
been burned by this time.
-~i4>*veni*ort, lowa, October 7.
Ebenezer Cook, vice president of the
Rock Island and Pacific Railroad
Company, one of the earliest settlers
of Hie State, and Jong identified with
railroad and financial interests, died
suddenly this morning, with a con
gestive chill.
Chicago, Sept. 8— 12:30 a. m.— The
mostr.wful conflagration ever known
to have occurred in this city, broke
cut about anhour and a half ago, and
having already swept over six entire
blocks, is still raging with almost
unabated fury. The fife started in a
large planing mill, situated between
Clinton and Canal and Van Buren
and Jackson streets, ahoqt the.Wnter
of the block formed by these streets.
Tha wind v.iaa blowing fresh. The
flames spread with incredible rapid
ity, and in a few minutes the entire
structure Wt.s a muss of fire. The
iir.Aiedii.ie vicinity is built up of
amf.il ’teiifmaht iioilses and
twe sto.y .'rallies, occupied" by
groceries- and saloons. Tlie in mates
of many of the houses were startled
from their slumbers, mid liud barely
time to rash from their houses in
scanty attire, leaving their household
g»ods to destruction. In several in
(.-tinvcs iT-.,*!*'-» .were wrapped in
hiaiiKetsanti'quilts tohreak the force
or their fall, and throw n from second
story windows lotiie
tiie alarm sounded for this fire,
another of considerable magnitude
wr.s hurtling on Wells street, near
Adams," itnfl several engines were
necessarily kept.at work upon it. Tne
rest of tlie engines in the city were
soon on the ground, but before they
arrived tlie fire had spread over so
large an area, and was s rapidly
spreading that all the force seemed of
little avail. Ijclween Cniijtj street
and (lie rivi r there were several
lumber yards, which are entirely
destroyed. .Atahishour the lire has
jiiiide a clean sweep from Van liuren
north, two blocks, to Adams, and
west to Clinton, two hJecJc- from (ho
fiver. Tlie wharves between Vnn
Rurea.and-JUnjkaon are burning.' A
lurgeeeonl yard, eontainlhg one tlicur.
sand tons of soft coal, and situate
between tlie tracks of the Chicago A
Alton and Pittsburg Fort Wayne
Railroad tracks nnd the river, is on
fire nnd burning furiously. The
scenes in the vicinity of tlie conflag
ration are indescribable. Half the
population of the city seems to be
gathered fhere. The tugs in tlie river
are engaged towing to places of safety
the vessels in the neighborhood, while
locomotives are hastily pulling out
the great number of cars standing on
the track in tlie path of the flames.
At this writing it is impossible to
give nil estimate of the losses, but
they are already very large. The fire
appears to be scarcely checked.
Later—l:3o a. m.— The fire is ap
parently raging as furiously ns ever,
nnu seems to be spreading south and
west.. Tlie Wind is now directly
from the south, blowing hard. At
2 o’clock its progress appeared to be
stayed. The firemen, by tlie most
extraordinary and daring exertions,
succeeded in keeping it within the
bounds it then occupied. Within
this area, however, which covered
not less than twenty acres of ground,
the flames still raged upon the piles
of lumber and coal, which filled a
considerable portion of the space, nnd
at 'l o’clock this morning the glare
was visible all over the city. By.
daylight a part of the wearied fire
men were relieved. Everything
combustible within the fated district
lias been swept away. This morn
ing, though clouds of smoke still
rose from portious of tlie ruins,
arid here and there piles of coal
still glowed with intense heat.
It was evident that tlie great con
flagration was over, and the subsid
ence of tlie fire makes it possible to
give a morei correct statement of the
losses, which are very much less in
amount than it was supposed during
the progress of the flames, while the
amount of personal suffering caused
by so inany poor families losing their
all was not: at all exaggerated. The
highest estimate of the total losse is
now half a million dollars rhe low
est, half of that sum. The larger
sum is no doubt the nearest to the
actual .loss. The aggregate insurance,
so, fur as ascertained, is $122,640. Vin
cent Nelson Co.'s large grain ele
vator was saved, or tlie loss would
have been double what it is.
The saddest result of the fire was
ttje burning to death of Mrs. Marga
ret Hadley,’ who, being suddenly sur
rounded by tlie flames, was unable to
escape. Heir remains, burned to a
cinder, were found to-day, near the
place where she was Inst seen in hen
house.
|lt is impossible to learn to-night
exact amount of the insuracce
and the names of all the companies
that are victims. The entire amount
of insurance is prohujijy less tiniii
sJjso,ooa, about two-tl'.!rds of the
amount in Chicago offices. The out
side companies which suffer are the
Hibernia, CJeyelnml; liu.hilo City,
Westarn and Buffalo Fire and Ma
rine, Alps of Erie, Andes of Cincin
nati, Pacific and Union of. San Fran
cisco Knickerbocker, Republic, ami
Fireman’s, iff New York, nnd Ly
coming, of Philadelphia.
Chicago, OetobcryS— lo r. m.—A
fire is now raging in the West Divis
ion, which appears To be us large as
the great fire of last-night. An alarm
was given at 9:45 p. an, from the cor
ner of Halstead street and Canal and
Port avenue, a distanae of about two
mil™ and a half from the court house.
It will be lute before particulars can
be obtained.
Cirh-AGo, October !)—12:45 A.
M. —'To-riight is tlie- 'most awful in
the annals of the history of the
city. Tlie lire, which commenced
at 10 p. m. r has alieady swept over a
space at least tb«*- times us Jilrgu ns
that’of lust nighU, and Is still rushing
on in its pa tij. of destruction with great-
er fury than has marked any previous
stage of its progress, the engineß tip
pea ring to be nlmost powerless. Fin
MarshfU Williams has just tel
egraphed to Milwaukee for ail tin
steamers they can spaie. Tho con
flagration has already devastated at
least twenty blocks, mostly composed
of tlie smaller class of dwelling
houses, inhabited mainly by poor
people. Not less than three hundred
buildings have been entirely de
stroyed, and more than that number
of families rendered homeless. The
wind is blowing almost a gale from
the south, nnd showers of sparks nnd
burning brands are sweeping over the
city, threatening destruction ou every
hand".
Since this report commenced two
additional alarms have been struck,
and the tower of the court house
caught firo from a flying brand, but
was extinguished by the watchman
in the tower. No description can
give an adequate idea of the terrible
scene.
Tlie fire started in a row of low
wooden buildings on Dekoven street,
between Jefferson and Clinton, and,
as wns the case lastnight, spread with
terfible rapidity. Before a single en
gine could get on the ground, half of
tlie block was in flames, and burning
furiously. Tlie entire fire department
were soon on the ground and at work.
For a time it seemed pronable that
they would succeed in confining the
flames to the area of four or five
blocks. The wind, however, which
wns blowing freshly when the fire
stnrted, increased to a gale, nnd sud
denly the flames seemed to spread in
every direction, becoming entirely
beyond the control of the firo depart
ment.
4:05 a. m.— The flre.is still raging,,
and with increased fury. It has
spread almost with tho velocity of
the wind, and has now reached West
Monroe street, a distance of more
than a mile from where it started,
and it dimes In a breadth of nearly
half a mile, Teaching from Ihe river
to Jefferson street. The district al
ready burned over involves an im
mense number of lumber- yards, the
freight depots of the Chicago and St.
Louis, and tlie Pittsburg, Fort Wayne
and Chicago roads. The property al
ready destroyed counts up ipany mil
lions of dollars, and the half is not
yet told. The task of arresting it
seems four fold greater than it did
an hour ago, and none dare venture
the opinion as to when or where it
will stop.
Brands from tlie fire were blown
across to tlie cast side of the river,
and set a wooden building on fire di
rectly adjoining the Chicago gr.s
houSe. The flames spread in every
direction, the adjoining buildings be
ing all of tlie tinder-box kind. The
prospect is that the gHs house will be
destroyed, and the city wrapped in
darkness. A terrible panic is prevail
ing throughout the whole city.
[At this point tlie tcli "nipii wires
were burned.)
Salt Lake, Sepr. 7.--At 4} p. m.,
George (J. Cuiihon, editor and apos
tle, and Henry Lawrence,. of
tho lirui of Kiililuili <fe Lawrence, a
seceding Mormon,or Gcdlieite, nnd
prominent merchant, have both just
been arrested by United States Mar
shal Patrick, and held for appearance
at this term of the court, charged in
both cases with lascivious cohubition,
contrary to the Utah statutes.
Thos. Hawkins, who was nrripped
to-day before Judge-McKi an on the
indictment for adultery, growing out
of polygamy; the charge having
being made by his tlrst wife, pleaded
not guilty, and the U. S. Attorney
gave notico that he would be ready
for trial on Monday.
There was vehement and incen
diary talk'in the tabernacle tiffs
afternoon, prihcipully by McKenzie,
one of Brigham’s secretaries.
NO. 18.
One hundred nnd fifty-eight thous
and dollars in refined silver bullion,
and over one hundred thousand dol
lars in base bullion, were received
here tills week. One hundred and
fifty thousand was sent east by Wells,
Fargo Co. The heaviest mining
transactions ever known, took plneo
this week in Utah, of over $2,000,000.
Everything, politically and ecclesi
astically, is quiet. Tho people ridi
cule tlie idea of disturbance or out
break, and say they are as safe hero
as in New York or San Francisco,
and perhaps safer.
miscellaneous;
11. (i Mi ISA TV All.
TTOTINEY AND eorXsELOU \T-I.AW.
a\ —Office. Whitehead’.* l>li»ck, Kddv etreet,
CheviMiiw. Wyoiniuu. Will practice In all iht»
courta of tho Territory. eeptß-ly
■T. fS. M.IIAWHIXS, M. I>.
PItOKKSSbJt OP MKDI<'!N'E.-H,„'dilt nl
t tint lon alven to the diHOBHue of women
and children. Otlicc. Kolliuit liour-c Block,
Sixteenih Street. Cheyenne. nuu2o-tf
NEW YORK
Life Insurance Company,
[ESTABLISHED IWS.J
Sum injured, during: the year 18GU.
Assets over $17,000,000.00.
J. n. NICHOLS, General A«jcnt>,.
ndc)2tf Cheyenne, Wyoming.
FIHST NATIONAL BAKK
Of* Cheyoune.
At riIOUI/I I) CAPITAL, *.’>oo,ooo
AV-TUi STOCK xl<>o.ooo
PAID t/P CAPITAL *70,000-
1)1 redo rs.
A. T?. CONVERSE, D. B. t'Ui.TIS,
SILAS RKEDv*. J KIWIS JOSLIN.
Ufa.URGE F. I'Klt'K.
Transacts a general Banklntr burlm liny*
and nell Exchange, Coin ami Goia Duet. (L.vern*
merit YourherH. Land Warrant**, otr. Collection*
made on nil point*, with prompt returns, luter
e*t paid on Time Depoidta.
A. ft. CONVERSE, Prerlcl.'nt.
M A.t<i'n n. <'.-i-lii -r, a-»H «T
AGENTS IT ANTED* FOR
TRIUMPHS OF
ENTERPRISE!
4 NEW BOOK BY JAMES BARTON. A hia
lorv of the *ucee*Hfiil men ol Aim-rcn. their
wonderful inrentliiuH, dlHCoverie* nod achieve
ineni*. *litiwlntr how Admirable action*, tmble
diameter. Inuentiliy nnd public *pirit have c.*u
trihuled to the advanemeont of the world. Fine
ly illu: fritted Iniciincly interenilm: and very
int-trtu* ive. A r.-ru chanoo for ncen:* Send
for circular* and lin'c ottr extra term*.
M. A. PARKER A CQ ..I'nbllHher*.
100 Madinon *t.. (‘hic.-ur 111.
TVS. -Lady mientH u-ulited *o *et| the gieitloql
WOrk on the Mtbject ever publlniifed.
WOMAN AS A WIDE AND* WITH Kit.
By I’ji- H. riiitva** M. D. A' work which if
pljiced In every famllv. will save the lives ..f
thousand* tis mother* nnd children yearly. If
yon want lo make money and do irooii. .-ml i|t
onei: for our circulars und term*.mailed bee.
»ep'9 -ofli
"plumbago”
rjMIK PLUMB UiO MINING COMI’VNV incor*
I pornted under the laws of Wvomlna Territo
ry, now offer fm sale a limited number of shared*,
of stock In their company for th-* parpo«e of
misim; a Innd to oporn'u their mine, i'artios
vvloelMiy .share* will not be nsKess.-d upon tlrelr
stock lor opening *r.id mine.m* tin* incoi-pontion
Hffree to open mid deveieo file mine from the
pnc*ed* es h le* of .shares to tie* Amount of
Five llMildred Dollars. Ofllce 111 rear ofhlllldlllg
occupied u J. .1. Kelley, in t•*•* City of Uhe>*
ftii.e. W. T. J. .1. KELLY. iVcniouiit.
Glokgi; T. WALLAf.K. Sec’y and 'I rcas.
Peter Smith's
fjEVOLUTION STI’IIE
Wholeanlft an«l Kpoil Dealer In
Clothing!
Hats, Ca/ps,
BOOTS, SHOES AND BLANKETS,
Tinnka and A’ulisviw,
Auda general amtortineut of
GENTS’ FURNISHING tOCDS
Corner Eddy and Sixteenth
Opposite First National Bank,.
►opt l.Vcltf s