THE MH BUREH PRESS,
•rtwc-■
VAN RUREN. ARKANSAS.
TUESDAY, OCT. 17. 1871.
Firt at Chicago.
The fire fieml his again been st work an<l
one *f tl>e miwt prosperous cities of our Un
ion, I* almost totally ruined. The unfortunate
and nitTering people of Chicago are entitled
to our warmeet sympathy. All paat differ
ences and ill-hiood must he forgotten, in the
presence of this sad calamity. This is. per
haps, the greatest fire ever known, when we
consider the value of property destroyed.
The greet fire in London destroyed a greater
number of houses, but many ol those houses
were but hovels, and compared with the mag
nificent structures, now lying in ruins In
Chicago, are almost Insignificant. The effect
of this fire cannot be ful’y foreseen. Many
Eastern Insurance oompan les will be ruined
for a time. If not forever. All branches of
speculation must feel the shock. The im
mense sums loaned hr insurance companies
“on call must suddenly be called in. and
thrown Into a new channel of circulation,
and doubtlesr A.JUirtb business must suffer
day are to-day Iwggare. The ehaHOf.Wkej
due.t of all the cities in reach ot Chicago is
worthy of all praise.
Harmony.
so-; i,|ll-J..ny Inowe?
•'Why I've got one up to the stable
of W<, «!l ‘was ‘efricT* 1
few days since. Pursuant to a"*Eidl made by
some of the pasty. authorized or otherwise, a
respectable nundwr of all sorts and colors met
al the beautiful city of Greenwood, and pro
eeded to bring about the pence promised us.
They did bring It about, we suppose from a
perusal of their own account of the meeting
—but, If so. ft Is a peace that pas.oth all un
derstanding. for it reads much like discord
and strife. The factions led by Dr.t.t. ami the
Patriot-figure-head. respectively, put. forth
their utmost endeavors to control the outfit.
Solemn pledges to rule or die." and prom
ises of a liberal dose of militia, weir freely
given. In all things, this meeting seems to
eome hilly up to the standard, set up In New
Orleans, Syracuse and other places. That
these cormorants may make common cati«e>
In the crusade against the right! of the people.
to come off In 1872, no sensible lover of Ide
country esn forget. The history of the party
since the war. is full of these quarrels and fi
nal reconciliations. Promises arc liberally
rnsde by ths faction which succeeds in ruling
the convention and securing the nominations
These promises, holding out flattering pros
pect* of fine stealings yet within the avarlcl
grasp of ths minority, are too much fortlie
integrity of the pretended, blatant defenders
of the people's rights, and they (dls)graceful
ly succumb, abandoning the people, and
swearing anew their fealty to ths office-hold
ers. It is thus the tax-oppressed people of
Arkansas have been made the sport of those
whose only efibrt is to despoil the treasury,
filled with hard-earned money, wrung from
s poverty-stricken people. And thus it will
be. so leng as the people listen to the hollow
promises, so freely made by this high iaXa-
Tiojt party. Why cannot the honest masses
see at once, that they are used by these cor
morants, simply for their own elevation,
Theis fellows impose upon you by profes
sions of nesded reform, aud as they have unl
formlv deceived you can you still trust them
Do you trust your neighbor in ordinary
trsnsactions after he lias repeatedly deceived
you.’ Than, why trust a party that Is sys
tematically robbing you and your families,
and heaping up a curse for your posterity, in
the shape of a State debt
Wh*t Do#* It Prov*!
I'lte* in abatement wer* tiled. In the U. S.
Circuit Court, on Tueadav, in the case* oi D.
If. Beldiu, Z. L. Cotton, Torn. Bas*. Job Prich
ard and A. P. Searle, indicted for registration
imd election frauds by the last federal grand
jury. These pleas set out that the grand jury
before whom these bills w ere found «ai de
fective. in Hint three member* of the same
were house-holders nnd freeholders ot this
State. Yesterday these pleas were sustained,
end the defendant* discharged The same
online will bo held in the other cases, and in
deed* apply to all indictments found by the
l«st grand Jury. Whether or not the court
sustains the demurrer now pending in Sena
tor Clayton’s rase, he will be released when a
plea similar to that on which Boldin A Co
were released, is presented to th* court
Now, what does all thia prove F TluilSena
tor Clayton and his ballot-box atnll’er* were
afraid to coins to trial. If tills decision e*-
Übliahes anything, it establishes the guilt of
the parties, if they were sure of being ae
imltled before a Jury of their countrymen,
they weuld not have been contented ,vl»h be-
Itig released on a mere technically of law.
That they were guilty of she crime charged
against them, the proof is overwht lining, and
Itistobe regretteyi that they should I e re
leased from punishment. Though they may
be released from a |>rospect of enjovtng a
term In the penitentiary, an enlightened pub
lic opinion will pronounce them guilty, and
nee to it that they de not again commit such
high-handed outrage* on the people of ti ls
Mate as they did at Inst election.— L..1l (Ja
•ttit. ~m detweei
,e
Th* Little Rock and Fort Smith Rail
road Company failing to pay the interest
on th* Ist Sepfcincr, du* on the bond*
leaned by the state in aid of the construc
tion of the road, Col. Hcnrvl’e"
flay «eciw’ n ß ai l t,ie road.
nla Mr. N. H. Burns appointed re
ceiver. All the officers of both boards,
aud all who claim to be officers of the
road, have been *ervcd with n copy of the
writ, and the road is now in charge nf the
receiver. It i* to be hoped this will not
•top the running of regular trains to
L*wi«burg.^- Little Hock Gueette
Col. John M. Harbkil.—We regret to
Harn that thia gentleman has fully determin
ed a long proposition. t<> leave th* St >te
•nd embark his fortune in the great Metropo
lis. The elty of New York presents a large
field for an sbl*. energetic young man. We
Wgrot to loa* Col. Uakrki.i from the State,
for ha Is decidedly one of the ablest writers
in th* Stats.
,QPW* notice in th* Little Rock Gacette
tlaet, Mr. Lovm GBarra, of Van Buren, re
ceived th* first premium of a Silver Medal
(rote th* Stat* Fair, for the best sample of
Netlv* Win*. Good judges pronounce kls
win* it* of a superior quality.
Ocark Items.
At the late Frank'in Circuit Conrt, thec*le
brated case of th* State vs. Kirk, charged
with murder of Burr, venue ehanged to Pope
entity. So with Pott* vs. Titswortli, and
both cates continued In that Court.
.fust now a wonderfol revival of religion I*
iHWgresalng at thia plwe—Oeark. Forty have
.Mofosted religion, and the most abandoned
feel th* power of th* goepel.
Tlie hwvlcst rain of the season fell w*d
nysday. To-day, Tuureday, tb« weal.tet is
clear aul luerrj as marriage bell.
Th® G’eat Fir®«-Ghicago To
tally Destroyed.
Th* Most Gigantic Coaflagration Ever
Known.
Over $650,00 fhOOO of Property
Destroyed.
(Proa Ft. Laois Times
What will doubtless prove the most de
structivc conflagration of modern times
lias been raging for two day* and nights
in our sister city of Chicago, laying waste
alike the dwellings of the poor and the
palaces of the rich, magnificent stores,
with their millions of merchandise, ho
tels and public buildings, gas works, de
pots anil water works; everything in fact
that lay in the broad swarth of the de
stroyer for miles. The city, which at the
close of the week, was bustling with
prosperity, and proud in its greatness, is
now, for the greater part, a lurid waste.
A hundred thousand are homeless, and
thousands beside arc beggared. It is
the
GREATEST r*RK IN MODI.RN HISTORY.
Considering the magnitude of the in
lion, the unblTft <levasta
caused, the effect upon commercial inter
ests and transportation that iuu»t follow
it may be set down as the greatest ca
T of a similar character of which
that We do not except
I
TIIK GREAT FIRE IN LONDON.
for the aggregate losses, will undoubted
ly be greater now than then I four later
advices are correct that upwards of ten
thousand building* have been burned, it
already approaches the London confla
gration in magnitude, when but thirteen
thousand houses were destroyed Our
fear* are that it may even exceed it
There seem to have been two (listinc
i tive (ires, one occurring Saturday night,
of which notice was published in the Sun
d iv morning papers, and which we were
led to believe bad been brought under
the entire control of the department The
space burned over at this lime embraced
almost four blocks, bounded by Adams,
Clinton and Van Buren streets, and the
Chicago river
THE ORIGIN
The fire had its origin in Lull «t
Homes' plaining mill on l.'atuil street,
near Van Buren, and as the wind was
fresh from the south, the flames sprend
north with great rapidity, and thence
cast, und within the space of half an hour
the district named was all ablaze, and by
1 o'clock, sr within two hours after the
fire commenced the work was ended.
VERY LATEST.
Conflagration Still Raging with Una
bated Fury
Its Progress Stopped oh the South
by Blowing up lluildiugH .Near
Wabash Avenue.
An Ares of Four Mites In Length by
Two Mlles in Breadth Com
pletely Devastated.
.1 Nolle Ruponee from I'itteburgh. Cincin
nati, .Vein York, Cleveland, Memphie.
Nath Ville, Philadelphia,
and Bolton.
Supplier of Nicenary Articlee Battening
Forward from Every Quarter— Large
Eumbere of Government Tenti
and Ration! Ordered
ly the Preii
dent.
Chicago, Oct 9, 12 m.
The great fire wlrc'i broke out lata on
Saturday continued it dev astatiiig course
throughout Sunday, and still the awful
work of destruction goes on with unaba
tod fury
From Harrison street, south, to Divis
ion street, north, and from the river to
the hike, over an area of four miles long
by one wide, the Haines have swept every
thing before them. It is estimated that
at least one Hundred thousand
PEOPLE ARE HOMELESS
and in a suffering condition. The streets
in the districts still unlmrned are lined
for miles with such household goods as
have been saved from destruction The
most generous offer* of assistance in
money, food and nnything wanted are
•mining from every city and town In tele
B l aph The mayor has responded to
seven! offers, ask ng that cooked food
be forwarded ns soon ns possible. Fire
men nre on the way here from Cincinnati,
St. Louis and other cities.
...v entirely destroyed. We are now
blowing up the buildings in the line of
tli* fire in tint attempt to arrest the pro
great of the flames.
A KAY OF HOPE.
It is now bcliovctl that the spread of
the fire southward has been stayed at
Harrison street, but on the North side
the c is no diminution of its fury, nnd
that entire division of the city is evident
ly doomed to utter destruction, there «r*j
grave fears that the flames will spread to
the West side of the North branch of the
river nnd the inhabitants of the streets
nearest the river are already moving to
places of supposed greater safety.
THE TELEGRAPH AND KAIIROAD SERVICE.
The Western Union Telegraph have
now six wire* working East and South,'
and are running in a temporary ollie* on
th* corner of State and Sixteenth elreets. 1
The Northwestern railroad is running
trains on both of its branches, which hi e
crowded by fleeing citiztns. It is now
positively asserted by some that the wa
ter-works are still intact, but that the wa
ter lias been shut off from the South and
West divisions, on account of the quan
tity being used on the North side A re
liable gentleman has just arrived from
the North division, who brings tbc joy
ful intelligence that the waterworks nre
uninjured. God grant't may pravo true
THX BOIFSP nniLDlMO*.
It is impossible now to give even an
approximately correct statement of the
lonaee, but a faint idea may be formed
when it is stated that every bank in tb*
city except two small savings institution*,
vu on Iwcpty S' gvud *tr**t iu the
Sotita division, and one on Randolph, in
the West, are destroyed. All the whole
sale stores of all kinds, ant all the large
retail establishments, the postoffi c,court
house, chamber of commerce, and every
hotel in tho South division except the
Michigan Avenue hotel, which is stand
ing on the extreme southern limit of the
fire and escaped though badly scorched.
Every newspaper office is gone—tile Tri
bune building having finally succumbed
Every theater, the six largest elevators,
the immense depots of the Michigan
Southern and Illinois Central railroads;
both the passengers and freight depots
of the latter; more than a score of
churches, ami much of the shipping in
the river
RUINED FORTUNBS
Men who were millionaires yesterday
are nearly penniless to day.
DESTRUCTION OP LIFE.
But more terrible than all is the awful
ceitaiuty that many human beings have
found fiery graves. How many no one
can now tell. Perhaps, no one ever can,
but some are known to have perished,and
there is a heart sickening fear that the
victims of the fiery monster tnay be
counted by tbe scores
Hundreds of horses and cows have
been burned in their stables, and on the
North side, numbers, though released
from confinement, bewildered and con
fused by
which surrounded them, rtisfien wino,
and fro, uttering cries of Ingin atm
until scorched in death A -ot -m;>t
description of scene* thus appalling,
would be idle The simple fact that the
once great city of
CHICAGO IS DESTROYED,
that hundreds of millions of live active
capital has vanished, mid that nearly one
third of her inhabitants are powerless, is
cnotuh;any attempt to embellish would
be but mockery.
AS THIS AWFUL DAY
draws to a close, thousands of anxious
eves watch the dense clouds ot smoke
which still roll over the burnt district
I with evident dread that a sudden (h inge
of wind may turn the flame* upon that
portion of the city yet spared.
I There seems, however, little cause for
apprehension, and reinforcements of fire
me from other cities are cons'antly ar
riving. Colonel J .1 S Wilson, super
intendent of the telegr ph, is in receipt
of dispatches from leading cities an
nouncing that aid is being provided for
the sufferers. Mayor Brown, of'S*. Lott
is, telegraphs that sevi nty thousand do]
I.vs had been subscribed by the tner
chants of that city.
Cincinnati promises one hundred thou
sand, and Cleveland is proportionately
generous. All this, ami a great deal
more will be needed to relieve the irnrn I
diatc pres-ing wants Everything is be
ing done by Gen. Stoger mid his assist
inis, to keep up communication for the
citizens and pr. -s with the outside world
Col. Geo. T Williams, superintendent
of Cmcinra'i, reported promptlv for duty
this morning About three fourth of the
United Stab's mail was saved and taken
possession of by Col Wood, of the post
vlliee service.
ARREST OF THF FLAMES.
Chicago. Oct i>—C
The progress of the flames in the South
Division was finally arrested about 1
o'cloc k p m This was accomplished by
the blowing up and demolishing of seve
ral buildings on Wabash avenue and Con
gress streets by Lieut. Gen. Sheridan.
KXTINT OF Tilt: RUNS.
The district burned over in the South
Division embraces everything from the
main branch of the Chicago river to the
lake, embracing about one hundred
blocks. This district contains all the
leading business houses, banks, insur
ance offices, hotels, etc and a large num
her of churches, including St. Mary’s
(Catholic) Trinity, First Presbyterian,
Second Presbyterian. St Paul, Sweden
borgian, etc. The Methodist church,
corner of Wabash avenue and Congress
street, i* saved. The Michigan Avenue
hotel, on the corner of Michigan avenue
and Congress street, and Congress halls,
directly adjoining on Congress street are
saved. Michigan terrace, on Michigan
avenue, embracing the rosidenct'S of Gen.
Bross. Hon. J. Young Scammon, S. C.
Griggs, and other lending citizens, are
completely destroyed, with the furniture
and nearly all other contents All the
newspaper establishments are totally
wiped out.
THE TRIBUNE BCrLDINO
resisted the fire for several hours, but fi
nally yielded. McVicker’s theater imme
diatcly adjoining, :dso withstood the rag
ing element, tut finally succumbed; in
fact, all the buildings in the district
which claimed to be fire proof, shared the
fate of those which could make no such
claims. The great Central depot, at the
foot of Lake street, became a heap of
ruins about 9 o'clock, but most of the
passenger cars of the Michigan Central.
Bullington aud Quincy, and Illinois Cen
tral railroads were moved 1
.a i laik street, in the South di
vision. the lire extended south as far as
Polk street sweeping everything before
it The distance burned over here is some
three blocks wide nnd over half a mile in
length, numbering about twenty block*
The buildings were generally of the cheap
er character, embracing saloons, small
shops, poor residences, etc
The district Imrned over on the West
side commences nt Taylor street, running
from DeKowen to. Jefferson it ran thence
f >ur or five blocks north, nnd then moved
disngonslly toward the river, and finally
•lie west line was established on Clinton
street, nnd reaching thence to the river,
it moved in this line northward until it
reached the Northwestern West side) de
pots, where it stopped, a distance of hear
ly two miles from where it st rated The
Pittsburgh and Fort Wayne and Chicago
and Sr Louis depots nereis this territo
ry. Both passenger and freight depots
are wiped out.
THE NORTHERN DIVISION.
Almost the entire Northern division,
ranging from the Main branch of the
Chicago river to Lincoln park,nearly two
miles in length nnd one mile wide, is
completely destroyed, including the wa
ter works and ela.ige number of elegant
churches, etc. This statement embrace*
the districts devastated, and inclueds al
most the entire business portion of the
city buiitb of Harrison street. The South
division, reaching out many miles, cov
ered almost entirely with dwellings, com
posed largely of the mors elegant class,
is untouched, nnd may now be regared ns
safe from injury.
HOUSELESS ANN ROUBLES*.
For miles nnd miles in every direction
th* sidewalk*, lawns, vac..nt kt) aud
front yards of dwellings are tilled with I
people who have escaped from their burn-;
ing dwellings, taking with them only n|
•canty Amount of their furniture and
elolhing The sight is truly pitiful aud
harrowing. They must receive iminedi
ate relief or many will perish from
EXPOSURE AND BTAROATION
Os course, as stated in my previous dis
patch. it is utterly impossible to make an
approximate estimate of the entire loss,
■ui it can scarcely fall below
ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTF MILLIONS
of dollars, naturally but a fraction of this
amount can be realized from the insur
ance.
MILITARY AID'
General Seerdwn hr*to-day telegraphed
to St Louis, to the military department
there, to send nt once to Chicago one
hundred thousand rations. He lias also
telegraphed to Omaha for two companies
of regulars and one hundred tents. They
will be all here as soon as they can reach
by rail. He will also order another him
dred thousand rations
SELF HELP
Mayor Mason has issued a proclama
tion calling ti meeting to-night in the
West division to see what the citizens
can do for the relief of the sufferers.
There are nt least JOO,OOO people who
know not where thev can get enough'
provisions to satisfy the appeals of htm
ger. A later rumorfroni Hie North di
viaion s:>vs the L, Halation is less wiilo
«u>s'-iii tifiu, i,i,i, i pv [J,,, .fisnster yet,
B'u’t have perished.
ACTIONS OF'OTHER CITIES.
CtlisiNnati. October 9.
The mayors ot ilearly all the IV estern
cities have profferefl relief mid assistance
to the mayor of ClMcago. The child en
gineer of the Cincbmnli lire department, I
with three enginesinnd hose carts, liavej
i started for Chicngj*.
A MfclTlNO
I of railroad presidents mid prominent mcr-
I chants and citizens of Cincinnati is now
I being held in the rooms of the chamber
of commerce to take inearurcs for tbe ic
lief of the sufferers,
Cairo, October 9
An inten c fc. Lug is nimiitestid here
over the sad news from Chicago. The
teleuripb office was throng d all day. by
citizens anxious to learn details. As soon
as the extent of tlie calamity was known,
I a committee was appointed to solicit con
I trit utions for the sufferers, and before 11
ja. m. two car loads of provisions were
ready mid sent by a passenger train, so
las to arrive at Chicago Tues lay morn
I >ng-
Nashville, October 9.
i Tho greatest interest is manifested in
i behalf of the sufferers by the Chicago
lire. May >r Moris has issued a proclama
i tif.n fora meeting of itizens to morrow,
lo provide means to assist the sulf ring
A private citizen left a cheek at th Ban
ner office to day, for 8100. with the fol
lowing note: “No North, no South,
when our fellow-nien are in distress.
Here is a hundred dollars for tnc needy
iin Chicago (Signed.) .J O. VV Al
lin. The managers of the Grey theatri
cal troupe tender n benefit to morrow
night lor the Chicago sufferers.
CvLUMIIUs, O.nw, 0
The Chicago tire has produced a pro
found sensation here to day. At a meet
ing of the citizens this evening, ten
thousand dollars were contributed and a
committee appointed to raise money and
provisions for tbe sufferers. The bake
rics and penitentiary arc busy to night
baking bread mid cooking meat to be
forwarded to Chicago. The 0 :-l express
train to-night look out :i huge quantity
of bread and meats prepnred at the pen
itentiary.
Memphis, October 9.
The great fire nt Chicago is all the ab
sorbing topic Further details are anxi
ously awaited. Mayor Jnhmon mi l Col
onel Reason, president of the chamber of
commerce, have issued a joint call for a
meeting of citizens at 7| this evening to
take action regarding the matter.
New York, October 9.
A meeting of the chamber of commerce
bus been called for Tuesday :;t noon, to
afford mi opportunity to the merchants
of this city to contribute relief to Hie suf
ferers by the fire. At the Produce ex
change there lias been intense excitement
all day, mid measures will be taken at
once to send provisions, etc to the affli
cted city. Arrangements are making for
a rebel meeting of the citizens. Th* call
will be issued to-night
Wheeling, Wi st Va., October 9.
At the city council to-night, called by
the mayor, five thousand dollars was ap
p printed for the Chicago sufferers. Ihe
mat or an 1 the president of the Second
branch of the council weic or b red to re
mil the same to the mayor oflliiengo
I' e mavor was authorized to call a mass
meeting of citizens to-morrow, a. m to
give an opportunity for a huge number
of private citizens who tire anxious to
<ub«cibe to tiifise’’'-' purpose Franklin
fiimdred dollars for 'tdd .'.,/Ayt];Ufp
its meeting called this evening.
Philadelphia, October 0.
Mayor Fox Ims called n called a meet
ing of citizens for Wednesday, to insure
measures for a warm and generous i es
pouse to the appeal of hiengo for id I.
The Commercial Exchange association
nppointi d a committee of twenty to col
lect funds for Chicago, and sent a mess
age of sympathy to the mayor of Chica
go.
Albany, October 9.
Mayor Thatcher has called a meeting
for to-morrow to aid the inhabitants of
Chicago.
Baltimore, October 9.
The city council requested the mayor
to o.fer sympathy nid what aid Balti
more can tender Chicago in her great ca
lamity.
Boston. October 9
Mayor Gaston Ims telegraphed to the
mayor of Chicago expri -sing sympathy
aud inquiring in what manner Boston can
best extend nid.
Pittsburgh, October 9.
Universal syn pathy is felt nnd express
ed for the suflerers by the Chicago cal
amity Business in a great measure was
suspended during the day and the utmost
excitement prevailed The city council
at a special meeting this afternoon offi
daily pie Ice I the city tor one hundred
thousand dollars for the relief of the Chi
cajto sufferers.
I’he steam fire engines of this city nnd
Allegheny arc ready to go at a moment's
notice A meeting was held to-night, at
the city hull in Allegheny, and commit tees
of about fifteen to each ward were appoint
ed to collect* immcy. Several thousand
dollars were subscribed on the spot, and
n resolution oCered su I ui nuiinouelv 1
passed, that the mayor ot tbe city request
the council meeting to morrow to appro
priatc fit leubt 3100,000 for the beuelil of
the sufferet*.
Cincinnati, October 9-
The excitement concerning Chicago i*
unabated to-night. The newspaper of
fices are thronged, ami the whole city' is
moved with profound sympathy, lhe
merchants’ exchange was open all day
lor the reception of subscriptions. At a
large public meeting held there to night
announcement* of the contributions were
received with sppl.iuse. A train left tbi*
evening at 5 o’clock, in charge of a com
mittee of the common council, over the
Indianapolis. Chicago and Lafayette rail
road, containing 172 barrels'ot crackers,
215 boxes of provisions of various kinds
77 bates of blankets, and 2000 loaves of
bread.
Tbe Odd Fellows send one car load of
provisions to night, and at a public meet
ing to day requested the most worthy
Tfrand master to call the attention of all
lodges and encampments in Ohio to the
necessity of immediate action, and that
all contributions could be shipped to the
order here The Evangelical ministers
held a meeting this afternoon and res
olved to co-eperate with the authorities
in affording relief. The Masonic bodies
hold a general meeting to-morrow also
the Knight's of Pythias. The contribu
ti >ns of Cincinnati to-day will reach fully
-$'J( 0,000. The smaller cities in Ohio and
other States all see”' 1
Louisville, October 9.
The great Chicago lire creates intense
and excited .sympathy among all classes
in this city. It is tiie universal topic of
conversnpon, ami the profoundest pity is
expressed bv ail for the unfortunate coni
munity. The city council held a meeting
to night at the call of the mayor Private
subscriptions amounting to 8-10,000 were
raised and more is being taken. 1 lie
meeting was very largely attended Rev.
S. Robinson led off with 81000, eight
I persons promptly followed with 81000
each, and a number of others followed
1 with 8500 each, and many are giving
sm i ler sums
Two fire engines were sent to hiengo
f rom this city to day. and earnest efforts
are being made to forward every availa
ble assistance to the afflicted city as speed
ily as possible The trustees and tacultx
of the Louisville Medical college are an
tnorized to offer gratuitous instructions
to the four hundred distressed medical
students of Chicago. The private sub
scriptions in this city will probably
amount to 3100,000.
Evansville, Ind.. October 10
The most intence excitement prevailed
nil day in tlje city. To-night a large and
earnest meeting was held in the Opera
house, and liberal subscriptions ot mon
ev and provisions were made. Commit
tees were appointed to collect funds and
prepare provisions which will lie froward
ed tomorrow. The city council was in
structed to subscribe liberally, and a
committee will leave with relief on Wed
nesday.
Clevei.ane, 0.. October 9.
A very large meeting of citizens was
held to night at the court house to ob
tain contributions in the aid of the Chi
cago sufferers. Subscriptions to the
amount of 810,000 were received and
the banks will largely Increase this sum.
Chicago, October 11.
The city is still in confusion. Churches
are made soup and lodging houses
Bread is sold at eight cents a loaf by
proclamation The Tribune is the only
paper issued, and it is-told for twenty
five cents per copy. Three thousand spe
cial police me on duty with the regular*
and the military force from the camp near
town ieu thousand troops are expect
cd from Omaha today. ->!iern!aii is t"
lie in command. The only prominent
walls standing on the ruins is tho post
office, Tribune building, Pacific hotel and
the Fist National Bank The Pittsburg
tire department arrived at six o'clock this
morning Gen. Sheridan Ims eight him
dred soldiers here, and with the special
police will keep order. The city is full
of thieves and incendiaries, and the po
lice are shooting them on sight The con
vict* inthcjnil were released Ordeta
were issued to shoot all bad characters
on the spot, and no questions asked. In
cendiarism is ninipnnt. Six men were
shot on tho streets and three hung to
lamp poits One hundred dead bodies
have been exhumed Crowds ot people
are looking for valuables and digging tor
safes in the ruins. The business streets
are recognized by sign boards. The city
headquarters are in the Congregational
church Five thousand people are in n
line, waiting to get free passes out ofthc
citv. Chicago wants no food, but blank
ets and clothing.
The city is under martial law, and sol
diers nri' patrolling the streets Provis
ions ate arriving. Visitors to the sad
spectacle of ruin nre arriving from nil
par of the west. Charred remains of
81,000 persons, us yet unknown, have
been found—sixty in one barn on the
'Au.. (l s |if L vet v g eat
rt.,. iU<! ord, red to kill all per
sons found aiu-no., *.i
1 •'■ni from the
sales.
Elections.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Philadelphia, October 11.
The republican majority for mayor of
this city is 7,022 The state Ims gone
republican by at least 10,COO majority
The republicans gains two members in
the legislature in Philadelphia, mid four
in Lnzaiiie, also two senaiors, giving them
a majority in both houses. The majority
for state convention is overwhelming.
New Orleans, October 10.
Galveston report-net majorities ns fur
ns heard from, ns follows: In the first
district 8 counties give Horndon (dem
1,507 majority; in the second district
Connor (dem) is re elected by about
15,000; in the third district 15 counties
give Giddings (dem.) 622, anil in the
fourth district 29 counties give Hancock
(dem.) 3,910.
A Ten Thousand Dollars Robbery.
The Neosho (Mo.) Times of the 12th.
reports that Maj Sargent, deputy United
States collector for that, district, was
robbed of 810,400, about dark last Sat
urday, half a mile from Carthage, Jasper
county. He was att icked by two men,
knocked down and the money taken from
him He offers a reward of 82,000 for
the recovery of the money —Nf. Louie
/iti'Ubtiun.
t-tr L young lady being interr.
ns to w hut her only comfort in fir,, ~,..1
tlenlh was, modestly roplic.j thnt Hhe
v tpe.king
MARRIBO.
In Franklin •ounty. Ark., on tt» Bth ia««’
H .n«ofMr. ElißUrkburn, by th«i R.r- H-
Wither., Mr. W- Cast to M.m Mast Black
ItH.
Little Rock tfnieHe pb»« eO PF-
DIED
At Sunr Grove, Barker county. Ark., on the lit
in.L.at her re.idenee, after a brief illneM. Mr..
Elizvirrß Lose*, wife of Jame. Lofan. A»ed M
r *The .nbj.ct of the above notice wa. born in the
City of London. Fntland. She came to thu country
in the enrty part of the year I*l and wa. consequent
ly exposed to .It lhe trouble, and privation, incident
to the war. which .he bore with beeomin* fortitude
.nd re.oiution. Fhe had endeared herself to a larye
circle of friend, end ec«uai»taneee, who with her
bu.baod mournfully regret her low.
Tn this city, on th. Uth Inst..
infant daughter ot Mr. Tho.. -..d 1..«. Ler-elia A.
I)»>i..
We know .lie re.ts securely.
In the Heavenly Father a rare.
M.,n« the lamb, the Sav.or s keepiny.
For hi. pastures yreen and fair.
In this city, on the 10th in.L.JoHS <'HRl»Tor irß.
son of Mr.'Z end .Mr.. Lula W illiatu.. -Ated.ycari
1 month and 10 dayi.
Election Notice.
\OTICE is hereby given that an election
will lie held nt the Court Hous., in the
'low n of Van Buren, Arkansas,
Tu^f, S?.A^VynV.^Td’ermen,'te r serve
for the term of on« year.
J. M. WOOD, Mayor.
Geo. E. Whitk. Rwcorrlwr.
Van Buren. Oct IG. 1871. 2w.
J, I. LYTLE'S
FEED, SALE, BOARDING
AMD
LIVERYjSTABLES.
Froullng South Car. Court House Square.
Van Buren, Arkansas.
o
milE Proprietor of this new and larye Livery and
I l ee-! Stable, takes this method of informing the
public that he haa stocked his Stable with both “ur
s> and >a-ldle ll‘»r»cs, ot the fi >st cla.M, and will
spare no p.-iins to rive perfect satisfaction to all who
may favor him with their patronage.
Hones BOARDED by the day or week, at reaiona
ble rates.
TRANSPORTATION’ to any part of tbe Slate or
Indian Country furnished on short notice.
Jtecollect the Sew Slatdie and give me a call
norlT.7l. J- T. LYTLE.
Obituary Notice.”
KNOW ye, To whom It may concern,"
thut
“POOR TRUST,”
is (lend. “BAD PAY" killed him. This be
ing lamentably true —and on th.
Ist September, 1871,
I concluded to take a
•■NEW DEPARTURE,"
And although Old Trust" died on the 31. t
d.-iy of Aug.. 1871. aud was dui.-ntlv interred
In a large ♦qiiare box, shrouded with several
hundred dollar, worth of Bud loebte," and
bin led out of sight forever under the door
stepsof mv Business House. And al'hough
no martial drum attested the fact, we abed a
few tears "of joy to know that he hud left
us foruver Tho' lo’t to signt. we .hall profit
by his memory, and upon the little lie has
left us. ue shall ill the future devote to the
rearing of that Trust Watch Dog.
PAY AS Y”OU GO.”
TIIOS. J. imiTTEN.
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
Sep. 12, Van- Buren. Auk.
Home .Again!
1,. GRAFF,
Watclimiikcr Jeweler,
J'int JJoor above the Poet Ojlii't,
MAIN STREET. VAN BUREN,
I I AVING returned to Ven Buren, end established
II hirn*e!f, per mane nil/, he oOtm bin eervicvi to
the cilizenx ,%nd Furroundinr country. By strict At
tention to hit biirineMi he flatten hiineelf that be can
give general satiafaeUou.
FOR SALE CHEAP
Fine assortment of Watches, Clocks,
SPECTACLES,
Jewelry, Silver and Plated
Goods.
special attention given to
Kepnlrhix* <>l* Watches itih! Jewelry?
Van Buren, March 20/71 r ts
ATTENTION!”
I wciilrl most respectfully announce to the
public, thnt I have just rctuined from the
i-astern ilie», wlkmc I time purchased an
elegant slock of .Merchandise, which Is being
recelled every day comprising
Dress Goods,
of all kinds. Trimmings, Notions. Ac. A
very large assortment of
Shawls, Cloaks
ami Cloakings, Velvet nnd Chinchilla.
A fine assortment of
Miles’ Celebrated Shoes.
A superior n««r>rtinent of
SEADV MADE CLOT HI MO,
mens and boys, in suits or otherwise.
A tine stock of mens and Indies
SAimi.ES, HATS A CAPS,
I-I«h Linen, etc., etc., all of which will h.
sold low nnd guarnnteed. I would nartieu
hilly Invlt 1
CASH CUSTOMERS
mterffi "m great’induWie -Ofrmlnesl to
~pta7 "m, LYNCH.
Special Notice*
l U l M r o li’ Who have tin-
h. ,0.1. ,i "Uh me to come
in and settle, by note or otherwise, ut on,
uni sale costs, as I will surely pliu c them In
the hands Mn oilieer for collection If not
aiiemicd to.
As I am now selling Goods exclusively for
UAbll or PRODUCE, all old accounts MUST
bo settled up.
apriJ 17, iri. M. LYNCH.
Jcist Drop In
F. M. NEAL’S.
He has what you have been wantln.
long and have failed to find.
All vou have got to do is to get your m O
ready, come right along with it and
CALL FOR WHAT YOU WANT
pay for what yon get, and
GO YOUR WAY REJOICING
over the
CHEAP BARGAINS,
you have found he keep* at the Old
road Depot.
UPPER END MAIN STREET,
where he can be found nt all times, ritki
FULL STOCK OF
PIBST D“ ,n
and gentlemanly clerks, ready and willing|»
show his cus otners any thing they may c«J
fur. jnyil
Central Bakery,
Opposite White Lytle'* Drug Stw*
fpilß undersigned would call the attentln
1 of the public to hi*
NEW BAKERY.
Those wanting any thing in thl* lliieii]
Hud it BEADY AT ALL TIMES, ind u
11EAS0NAB1.E HATES, and of the tut
BEST QUALITY.
Families wishing lu can be furni*ht<
ut their Residence* every niorniß|.
ALVIS SMITH.
N. B— The beat of
Family Groceries,
mid the FIS EST OF LIQUORS nlwaym
hand. A. 1.
M pt 0.'70yl
tHsoi's swiir
Van Buren City
SALE, FEED AlDjftW M,
In the rear of Bostick <JL Co'*.
fl MIE undersigned tnkes this o tpotnskj
to announce to the citizen- of Van Bit'
rm and vh in'ty. and the traveling publ'a
gvni rally, that ue is now prepared to fully
supplv tin' great need of a first class Llflr
RY Stable at his establishment. tintfc*r
hi rear of Bostick A Co'*.
Carriages and Buggies, new and count*//-
ous. with tine double or single teams, on Mrs
by the day or Journey at reasonable pn<M.
I A fine stock of Saddle Horse* comtantlj
I on hund.
DBA YING —Special attention given I
the hail ing of goods to and from the buott
i and draj Ing of all kind*.
IJf We are adding new Stock and Cirt
ai'i-s. und shall spare no paint to givesatllfk
-1 lion in quality and price.
Terms cnsh and rates reasonable.
A. IL CAUSOX
Van Buren, May 1.’70 I
W. W. JoHSioa, W. 11. Joaasox, I.W.Biia
W. w. JOHNSON «S CO’S.,
Machine Shop and taity
Fort Smith, Ark.
Grist Mill, EJuining Mill, MouldlM
MugliliK'H Ttirtiinff Lnthtef
SHINGLE MACHINE,
Ac. 4-c. Ac
All work In car lino solleltsd and pro»pl»se l
istiifs-tion ru«r«ule»d.
pril 10,’71
HAYMAN SONS.
machinists
Machine Agents,
CITT VtUAHr,
Van Buren, Am*H“
For I. t E. Greenwald’* Stenm W*
Imllemiml Mill Maclijjiery ofytfry dr* l
ril« <jfi< IfTtruil.niiio. t ..hkmiu
Aho, Brinlfonl A 1 n
Mhiiulih t<>ry. mid Mill Fui niUii r*vtiiii>*»
HF.FKII TO
Col. J. P. Kikq. Mulberry Mill.
Moon*, Ptatt A Son. 1* louring M‘.lto.
Janes Malkcoat, 1 -luunng Milli. Billing* n
W. H. Kura, Rhoaavillo. _ .-.-aO
A. M.Callaiiak A Co.. Cotton Factory and»
Van Buren.
V.- n urtw WilliamF A
boil&(<>,, M. hynrn, AuiU®,
John Austin, White A Bnnlcy. g
Van Buren, npril 24,’71.
Fashionable Miilinei}!
Main Street, Oppoxitc Engle Block.
VAN BUREN, ARK.
MIIS. E PHKLPS, tako. lbi» method tel»*2
the citiiens of Vnn Duron nnd
country, thnt iiho han on hand and ’jill eo^iia® 1
keen, a wall nolartod stock of
MILLIaNEKY GOODS'
/Zifr, Bonnett, Floret,
ljor .e. Ac. ebc
Brick far Sal*.
UKRWERV CO»
HAVING just finished Immlng•
BUICK, are now pHT’*’* l ,o .it*
tin* Ynnl or In nni part <>f oil
l.i)W prices as can uo ftirnbbw by
»r parties. lM
Mr. WOLF enn always be founn
Brick Yard reedy to wait upon
desire Brick. f
M W. DHEWERY,. will contrar* J(
Ing L'rlek In tli<* wall, or receive en ,|:1
may l>e fimnd In th* city. 9 1-
Film will receive prompt and sell*'* 1
ll ntl A« M^llt!•
OT Recollect thnt In nrl'***}’! k i
Brick we will not he wndersuMl
liberal share o. pnlroliHgu, n
jnaj j».'7l
rkRINKERS will do well
I TICK’S «t CO'S for their Hr""