i
OHottttecticut trm
Advertising Bates:
ii tis-.-uu: .ftm aai r iii
SALISBURY, LITCHFIELD CO., CONN.,
'I- I. Jiit Vtiiil". Hi' 1 .-Till.
lwJwSvWl mTam I jni I 6 m' l'j.
sq.
1
a
3
Vcol
t
5 It.! ImM..!! yn.ii -v-.i y.i J. j ftti
.T T.i......T3.,Pi-.A -fci
u iKtln -oolis oolis ooj
Special NotioeB, 60 per oent. in advance of the
above rates.
One inch space constitutes a square.
Cards in Business Directory, occupying Ave
lines or less, $5.00 per year ever nve lines,
1.00 per line.
ltegnlar advertisers to pay quarterly. Tran
sient advertisements must ue Ba, 'or d"
vance.
Nutices tf Marriages and Koatns free or
charge. All additions to ordinary announce
ments 10 cents per line.
;ti. 'j.!J l i -j,t! ad 'iii.
,.u ,i Editor Rroprfe,. j
tj.'fgllntli' i tjniiii ',--11. ;i
Term) '$'2l OO TearSrica ih
.All papers STOP at the time to which they
NULLA VjESTIGH A' RETRORSUM.
I i. -,V -ii;) -,;r
l.i-ii
tSALISBURY(DON FBIDAXkMOENING, NOVEMBER' 10, 1871.
are paid. Postage Free .'throughout Litchfield j
I
NO. 18.
.1 :i I i.; t..l "i
.;iXi. -tjh. i
601 7Si 1 001 1 'J6 3 0U 'i SOI 8 7.'. 6 00
1 001 x 95 1 SOI 1 761 a 76 3 76 8 60 10 00
3 00 3 SO 3 00 3 60 6 50 7 00 la 00 20 00
3 tHl! 3 751 4 60 6 SS 8 00 10 00 1( 00 30 00
i m r oo b ool 7 oo io on la oo is oo las oo
Id V'l WV4f WW vv
1Q tultt) TU1K (k SA Art
-.iu.uq t:ti.;ij .-littM-, 4, .s j, w. ,i. "t-;:: I V,
1 i i j i i j 1 U:!tf in i im i .i:
J r!" "f t j' urt! i i.i il 1 1 t
v t-
i till! '"t.
TYenbrfr at Twenty.
Does this seem 1 'strtrifee' to yotr,' my o wn-' best
fritad. t!r 'is f.-.nt! -i- w r.-ii
'That L who yesterday gave back like one
Too surblv lapelne lo the strnsrsfle's'end. f- 'i
To-drnwan dnw down rapture from the sun,
Ana (innK tne oiasueg tuae aoove my neaa.
And fix my sish tipon the thick-riasred hills;
Till teir supreme ty-atrengthenins: beauty
fills j n i.
My heart and, strikes a spring into my tread"
Ii .ii (-(HO '.-tTtfii
Mr youth has riedn np in me like a sea,
Toflwt U ab9vp. the, .fainting want of him
Whose face and life and Ipve' are far from me
And on This -sea a short swift white i swim
I left his picture nnbroaght-brth torday,
Tko Kifroi- in V ntif fha kl.n& rt Mfa
Without him-yielrtlnj
youth' aw evener
With sorrow and casual victory by. the way
i ....a ii tj.:i.ia ;4hj i.TT
Has
come to youth;
This thmg 'buebly
'?OBe8i,i .nit!!'- -..It
This ptrength, to cast, aside t
pain;' j1
the "in
CJt't
awing
i t'"
For Bwitt nd- sudden ti burningv ohorus hums.,
And, whelms, the short resistance. of mv brain
And off I rushahd set the tf emblifffr key
Within- the lock, and snatch the picture out.
And drink the. jigh the features' shed about.
And hug the banished' pain again to me. r
NINETTE,' THE QUEEN OF THE RIKU.
The mai)figer! taxi tendered the services
of the company-fo benefit. tw a hospital
which needed iundsj and tlnere. wiw every
prospect of a fRrjknabJe, ,as, well as a
crowded .house. ..JSincjtte,. our equestrian
queen, had entered more fully into the
spirit of the scene than any oi us, Mthdugh
we were all more than anxious to make
the affair a -great success: .it i..ii-:-.,Y .nr.
How I. Joved Ninette I So oddly, too,
that sometimes my own love almost be
wildered me; its persistency having no
hope in it, yet its hopelessness having no
despair. It wasJa"loVe that never was
moved by her indiSerence or scorn, and
never weakened! by -her contempt. She
was proud ofj her ,owiv beauty .and ,oC her
power over us.jill, and shp never attemLted
to hide this. never domineering iver' the
female perfqriniersVwho were all older 'and
plainer than herself, but domineering most
desrxrticauiyi'ovwr'every male performer in
the cireus.'But ahe,did it 6Q.pretily and
bewitchingly that,! was not, the only one
who bad. laid his love at, her feet to' be
trampled' on. at Tier girlish pleasure.' I had
but' poor health then, 'and this was tone
source of Ninette' merrysarcasin. tiiiii!
We moved .into-theidimlyUghted build
ing which surrounded tie tent, and lopked
in at the performapce,
The circus, is crowded," Ninette whis
pered,, as Bhe saunteted out with me I
hardly ever remember 'bur' having' such a
crowd, Rieardo."-1 n x --.;,ii- .n
i And I hope we never abajl ha ve it
again," I panted, unbuttoning, my joat.
"The place is, stifling," t
"Oh, I hope we shall," she 'laughed,
merrily;' "I should like to'lBeeTiundreds
turned away from' the doors; and nor room
left inside everi' for one oWM 'mottf." M M'
I went into Che j'rog amid the deafening
applause 6f the crow"?. nd bowing slightly,
walked coolly, across the, ring. I theught
nothing of the mass of faces, rising tn roVE,
but I remembered that Ninette could see
me, and that Bhe bad said I was helping in
a good cause. I felt that I had performed
as I had hardly evor performed; beforehand
the long applause waa again and again
renewed as, I left the ring." What Would
Ninette say Would she congratulate
me? Passing through the dimly-lighted
building outside the tent, where, the, horses
waited, I eaugb.t sight of two figures stand
ing aside h. the shadow Ninette and.' a
gentleman, an army, .officer 'whom I had
met that morning talking low" 'and ear
nestly.' I had 'often! noticed him in 'the
circus, and noticed Ms evident admiration
of Ninette, 6 till. I had Jever seen him eut
thereamong us before, and I, smarted as I
came up tp them ui-the, gioom,' 'Ninette
carelessly.turned her eyes upofi1:me"ft)f a
moment, theri went on talking; coquet
tishly and tBppantly it seemed tome.
took her borae, from the, man ,wba. wag
toward bec- j.i y i.i r
Are' you; ready,'Mllef. .Mintte7Vl
asked, my voice trembling against my Sgm.
"Ready? Why V she inquired, with
slOW contempt. I )l o y :1 Ml
Allow me, j p, praj tlo w me, Made
moiselle," exclaimed the stranger, starting
forward. 'And Ninette,1 smiling put her
foot into. bis hand. Vt
Seating herself in the saddle with the
utmost ease, she carelessly, as it seemed,
backed Black Ilawk agaujst me. Sigu'or
Ricardo," she said haughtily, is this the
spot where the gentlemen' of our company
usually rest between-' their exercises iu the
ring?" ;Ah ironical "ansNver rose to my
lips, but I withheld the words,
Stand back, if yoir please, Signor.
Must you always follow me always haunt
me? Stand back."
With a quick-change of voice and a bright
sby smile, she bent to take her little
gilded whip as the officer handed Jit to her.
Thanks, Monsieur le Capitaine." And
while she bent gracefully, and, seemed to
be only stroking th neck of the splendid
black boreej she reined him in, skillfully
and imperceptibly,' until he touched my
shoulder. i..'-' f .-rMtti iinnmu it
I turned away with'Mt'M(sPetitog,hnd
for the fnt time Ninette feifoVmed with
out my eyes following her gracefol'motiens.
The strange gefileman moved to the open
ing into the tent, but when she rode, bank,
flushed aijd triumphap t after Tr Tfuebtss,
he came forward again eagerly. She drew
up TiierTKsome little figure wit"h"aa"shol
odd prfde5ndiTAing Black Ifawlrrapidly
aside, sprang p .the ground unassisted.
Hr part1 was played. for that night; and,
while the- loud jlappitir:withirf Was con
tinued, she walked -slowly put -fa td the
darkness; her long crimson-habit0ver 'her
arm, her Mttle cap pushed from her bright;
excited face,- and iter- eyes raised !t6' the
young officer who walked beside her."
After that, all is 'a burnin'g' confusion in.
my Drain mini one evemng when J awoke
to consciousness in the hospital for which
I had been performing, and heard tie physi
cians (who had seen me" fall, and .had at
lenueu puymgiy upon me ever since) whi&j
per that all would be well in timp. ,r
Ricardo, dear fellow.," said Tthe manager,
coming forward softly,. and." bending to
whisper to me, Thank God all l will be
well. The worst is. over.", i
I hardly know .when -the -knowledge
dawned ujjon me, or how but as I lay
there my old companions cltisterlftgTotmd
me I knew that X had pertbrmed among
them for the last time. J. knew that life
had most wonderfully and mercifully been
spared ir.e but that I should never walk
again. I do ijtt Eemteinbfr that the knowl
edge came with any sharp or bitter pain
1 think it wa'a qiilfii vpSiless.; conviction
from the first.''. .Tnoy iod given mea small
room in the bospitai tbinYself; partly; to
spare others ;tbq,'hi$tif) my vSutTering
partly, perhaps, because liiad hurt myself
in theur cause Q 3 1 0
So the. days and nights-passed on and
slow ly, slowly brbtighe me a little ease at
One morning Monsieur, entenn"g'lKry
room with a brighter face than usual, told
me Ninette had come to Bee me. I felt
f i i,
the bloed rush .into my wan. face as I took
her 'little warm hand in both my pwp.
Qhi y ou are, joi much, better, Ricardo,".
she said, her small lips .trembling a little
as slie looke'd''atme. We1 shall soorl'have
you back in your placeanioflgTis." t
1 shook my head slowly. Never1 againV
'Ninette '-"I t'1
1 WSyT she1 akked in fefgned iastonish-ment.-
"11 ot.it ..jiisi.''. .nwtji t
I sbali.neven.walicfagain anywhere, I
think; Ninette i certainly notpft ihe vibrat
lngwire, .il jinpw. I must bft ,r-be lame
all my life .anpl'm trylng,'as I lie here,
to get accustomed Id the thoiight 'and to
few pepreti.,,,, 4wr t
Nd nol" -gM bried, quieklj; Don't
tryid:pet acmstoaed: fAt, B4cipidpw, Tcy
to thipfc of getting weiVandaJijTiillelp
you .to; da so,',' "o
struggling with my sadness. When do
you' leave heft -f-'-
"""Leave "here! -0,' I don't know; Not
till; youy are i well, I should think. :!.Why,
Rjcardo,f she .added;as.I smiled incredu
lously. dpnt you knpvvt that to-night we
are all going to perform for your benefit
luu te uui iicara, you say t it uy, wuai.
has1,M6ns'ieuT found to talk to you about.
then," fat he talk to ra of nothing else
1 wLsb I .oould .havej brought; you-,:one of
the,,, enormous bills, headed Ricardo's
Benefit, in letters as, iarge as myself. You
always were fond, of, reading-your own
name in the bills, Weren't you
Yes1 with yours," I answered, intently
watching "the bright face.-
c Well, you i would have seen mine, too,
to-day, in letters almost lai-ger,. for I'm
going to ride."
Of course," I answered, with a faint
smilo, while I wondered a little at the
sudden change m her voice. What audi
ence would there; be if you did not, Ni
nette?? i
None," she laughed. "You must wish
me success before .1 go away; .But here's
Monsieur come to dismiss me. I've been
telling Signor Ricardo;" she added, as the
manager' joine'd usy varioiis particulars of
his Beneht.'- HdWVery willing we all give
our services.. Mow all the "town is patron-
;,,".And did. she ..tell vou,".. asked Mon
sieur, wjth a pleased and excited look,
admsi6n :l htiyorie5 wbuld promise a nov
elty? and how she herself immediately
proposed to per form her Moorish feat rI'll
s'jqw youroae of the handbills. Here it
is: Mile. Ninette, Ahe equestrian queen,
on her magnificent steed ,$k(ck Jfqwk,
i 'vn. -;-i.,v i. -'T
l must, not tether," I
fear.' 4 Ohl 'Monsieur,
it' is most rash 'and daagerous'."
mns-leur smiledy as' he' pilt the hand bill
back-: into his pockety 1 and Ninette arose
with; a Vexed glance across-at hiui...
Do forbid her to do this, Ipned agam.
i,,"Mlle.l Ninette is. such a superb horse
woman." the: manaser said. that if she
feels, she pan accomplish it safely and bril
"Jihtly, Tfeel it too. Arid it will make
td-rtight's'pertormancean unrivaled success.
She bas1 done it before, you' know and a
gorgeous and unprecedented triumph it
was.??.,;,--,.,-- r
It is a willf ul risking of life," I faltered,
t,he tears starting in my weakness. "I
shall be miserable."
"I shall hot," laughed Monsieur, rising.
UI have'too iniich confidence, in Ninette."
Don't think about it at alL. Ricardo,"
Ninette, .said, giving, me her hand as she
prepared ,to eave. I, should never have
told, you myself, because "I know' how
invalids worry themselves about the safest
and uiost "triHing things.1 1 T hare made up
my mtodito do it and Black under
stands that same entirely.! v.
Oh!.i do not. venture it, Ninette," I
whispered,, appealing to her in bitter ear
nestpess.. Say you will not."
tl No--fbf I must? she answered, laugh
ing lightly,' thobgh she spoke with odd,
steady quietnesi. t 'j l' -i
Then I covered mv eves with mv feeble
hands, and Let the tears flow on, j
8,0311 pome in and see you before the
performance.'' Ninette said, after a little
dlsifaa'rpamef '',,r
Will you, Ninette I asked eagerly,
as 4 battletl with my cowardice.- ''Will
you come in just as you go
I hardly know, about that," she an
swered, wj.th a. quaint, shy, smile.
Monsieur had left the room then, and
Ninette was standing opposite me, about
tdfolldwhfm.'
"Ninette". I said, slowly, as I feasted
my eyes oa her sweet face,; "when I saw
you first you wore an old black habit,
quite;. rusty,. I. remember; and you had a
bat in your hand, with a long scarlet plume
almost touching the' ground. And how
ever I have seen you since, you have al
ways been to me as you were-that day
and YDU always will be, dear."
"I remember that old velvet habit," she
laughed It is a superanuated article
now and--what did you think of me then,
Ricardo?4
'Just what I think-novr.
She laughed again, but her step was soft
and lingering when she left me.,
.UutU evening I lay and thought of her
picturing the beautiful little figure that
would rCome to me in its gorgeous theatri
cal dress. The twilight glided slowly in
to my silent room, affd theh T lay and lis
tened breatblessryT for I knew 'she must
come soon now. Yet so, noiselessly she
eiitei-ed at last'" that even my waiting ears
could scarcely catch the light step. With
out a word she shut the door behind her.
Then she stood lookingat me; her red lips
parted with, an irrepressible smile, and her
eyes brimming, oyer with fun. But she
was. clad in nd gay, unusual dress she
stoo'd there holding Up in one hand the old
biackvhabit from the other dangled the
Ktle' hat' with its -scarlet plume; and her
head., was only crowned with its bright,
lipurl6.. ....,n-t r
inette," I said, breaking my wonder
ing silence, "seeing you so, I feel as if,
through all the years that I lie helpless, I
could" dream that you have been to me all
that I wildly 'dreamed you might be when
Lsaw you so for. the first, time. Thank
you jfor. coming as, you, are;, but you will
have to change your;dress again, you ride
in such a different costume."
Th coloirushedi to.- her cheeks, and her
eyes grew hot and dark.'1
o' Yes, 'Very different; but cannot you
think-of me always as you. see me now,
Ricardo as you saw. Pe first'"1,.. ,The peo
ple are passing the hospital gates in crowds"
she went on. turning and looking through
thtf windd;1! expect a fuller house than
we ev6r"had in Englahd.-5 It is1 for your
ttkeyfsigndr. it-, huv-t i-
ti 4!l wish I thought so,:' I said very eani
tly.;) f i -wish I did not know-they go to
see j-our wild and daring leap, Ninette.
How' terrible' it will'. be to witness for
those' who love ydd5! u
'iBbe" laoghed a lo-, quick laughs but did
not turn tome.' i-.i .1
,You are thinking of Captain Attendant,
I dare sayj Ricardo But you need .not,
for 1 have never spoken to him since the
uighryotffell and T never shall again."
A wild, proud joy sprang up in my
heart. Ninette," I cried, my darling,
turn your face to me. I am so helpless
here, and, shall so soon lose the face I love.
Come to me for these few precious moments"
Very gently she came op to me, and
laid her cool hand on my forehead.
"l Shef bent her head i .and as I laid my
i weak .fingers on i the soft, curls, one deep
sob., shook ,the little kneeling figure, but
when she rose her eyes Were very bright
behind their glistening lashes'. She did
notsay a word of farewell-to me.' With
a strange, brave, struggling smile, which
would have vanished with a word, she hes
itated a moment her cheeks flushing, and
her lips wistful. .Then quite suddenly,
with just the slight" gesture with which she
acknowledged the plaudits of the crowd,
she left we.
I lay and listened as the oarriages volled
past the infirmary gates; and presently,
across the river, I could hear our own band
strike up merrily. I could follow in fancy
the whole performance as I lay with the
programme before me, and the well-known
airs to'guide me. At last, with a quicken
ed beating of my heart, I felt that the
time was come for Ninette's appearance.
I knew the very tune with which the band
would greet her. Ah there it was but
drowned almost in a loud prolonged applause
Then knowing she was performing I lay
there quivering in every limb.
It was just as one of the hospital physi
cians and a nurse came into my room, that
a great shout rose on the other side of the
river, and rolled joyously across to me.
My blood burned in my veins,
That is to greet her after her leap," I
said, speaking aloud and rapidly in my in
tense relief. Thank God it is over."
"I, too, am glad it is oyer," said the
physician gravely; "such a -feat should
never have been attempted.''
And yet every one has gone to see it,"
I answered, passionately, as the nurse turn
ed my pillow. Why did they encourage
her?"
Such things would be done in any
case," he answered, ''at least we judge so;
though perhaps we do not try it for cer
tainly every ons has gone to see this leap
to night all our own household, like every
one else's. Yet how can we help disap
proving such a dangerous act, performed
too .by a young and beautiful girl, whose
life must be one long temptation to display
if to nothing worse
Listen I cried, in sudden terror,
pushing away the nurse, and starting up
with panting bteath, Did the band stop
thensuddenly t Hark it is all silent."
I remember faltering incoherent appeals
to be taken to the circus; and,' I remem
ber how they tried to soothe me,' laying
me back upon the bed, and drawing down
the blind before my wild and staring eyes.
But in that hush across the river I knew
that I had had my death blow.
They brought me no tidings for days.
They kept me in darkness within and
without. But when at last my brain was
calm again, and my eyes had lost their rest
less fever, they told roe some few particu
lars of that fearful night. i
Ninette had performed her dauntless
feat with dauntless success. While she
stood daintily upon his neck, Black Hawk
took his leap smoothly and safely. But
the astonished crowd had not been satis
fied with this with a persistent cry they
had summoned ber again and summoned
her in my name. ',1.,,
.-.'As the seats for to-night have been
taken at double price," she had said laugh
ingly, to Monsieur, I owe the audientfe
a double appearance."
And so she had ridden in "again tri
umphantlyi, and springing lightly upon the
neck of her horse,, had prepared again for
her wonderful leap.
Then came the hush though no one
ever couid tell me exactly how it had oc
curred seme saying Ninette was- unusu
ally excited by her brilliant feat and
some that she was tired. She fell fell
with a light, sudden fall, which would not
have hurt her, perhaps, but that her tem
ple struck the boards which separated
the front row of spectators froni the ring.
Thank God that there had been no strug
gle There was one deep red stain upon
the soft, fair curls but no anguish on the
young dead face when they lifted it so
gently.
In the. rare,' sweet dreams which visit
me as I lie here, I always see Ninette just
as I saw her first just as I saw her last.
And when I awake, I am almost glad to
see, in the faces round me, that the time
is drawing very near when I shall see her
once again. London Society.
"Little Floy."
I was much touched says a correspond
ent writing for the ruins of Peshtigo with
the story of Joseph Lasure. He was a
former in the Bush, with a wife and
five children. They had fought to the
last, and left only when the flames flash
ed clean over their building. Lasure
carried his three-year old boy, and Lis
wife a babe. All kept together, with
the flames striking them at every step,
for 30 rods. The wife could go no farth
er, and dropped with her stifled babe in
her arms. The father had now to drop
his little three-year old, who was picked
up in turn by the elder boy of thirteen.
The brave boy carried the little fellow
for nearly a quarter of a mile, when, both
sank down together. Little, Floy, nine
years old, and their only girl, stood it
the smartest of all, and kept ahead of
her father for half a mile, cheering him
on with brave words, when all the rest
had perished. She had now to pass over
burning grass, when her dress was en
veloped in flames. "Oh, if I could only
have saved that girl 1" said the grief
choked father, and his story was ended.
A young lad, next neighbor to LaSure,;
who was saved, had much to tell of little
Floy. She was the smartest scholar at
school. She read finely .in the 5th read
er, and could spell down all the scholars
She was small of size, exceedingly bright,
beautiful, active and sweet tempered.
All the living in Sugar Bush will remem
ber long and speak tenderly of the little
heroine.
Business in Paeis. Investigations re
cently made by such adherents of the
Commune as Lbckroy,' Allain, Targe,
Murat, 1 Bonvalet, and others, who are
members of the present Municipal Coun
cil of Paris, show that while the business
of restaurateurs, shoemakers, tailors, and
many other tradespeople yet feels the
effects of the siege in diminishe d receipts,
the occupation of milliners and makers
of artificial flowers is still as remunerative
and prosperous as ever it was.i These
two trades are prosecuted exclusively by
Women, a fact which, coupled with the
fact that they exist exclusively for wo
men, may to some extent explain their
present well-being. Attempts were made
by other countries during the war to
compete wilh France in the manufacture
of flowers, but they were without success.
A petition has been sent to the Presi
dent from the citizens of Arizona asking
him to allow Gen. Cook to pursue the
Apache campaign uninterrupted by
Peace Commissioners.
In the Flames. j!
There is a melancholy iterest attach
ed tJ the incidents 6f the fires in the
Northwest.' A correspondent 'who was
at Peshtigo when that) village was burn
ed says The sharp air of early, Octo
ber had sent the people in from, the even
ing church services more promptly than
usual, although, numbers delayed to
speculate on a great noise and ado which
set in- ominously1 from the west. The
housewives looked tremblingly at the
fires and lights within and the men took
a last look at the possibilities without
for many it. was truly a last glimpse.
The noise grew in volume, and came
nearer and nearer with terrific crackling
and detonations: u The" forest rocked
and tossed tumultuously a dire alarm
fell upon the imprisoned village, for the
swirling blasts came down from every
side. In one awful instant, before ex
pectation could give share to the horror,
a great flame shot up in the western
heavens, and in countless fiery tongues
struck downward into the village, pierce
ing every objest that stood in the town
like a red-hot bolt. A deafening roarj
mingled with blasts of electric flame,
filled the air and paralyzed every soul
in the place.; There was no, beginning
to the work of ruin the, flaming whirjT
wind swirled in an instant through the
town.
Moved by a common instinct,1 for all
knew that the woods that encircled the
town were impenetrable,1 every habita
tion was deserted to the flames, and
the gasping, multitude, flocked to the
river. 1,
Three hundred people wedged themr
selves in between the rolling booms,
swayed to and fro by the current, where
they roasted in the hot breath of flame
that hovered above them, and singed
the hair on each bead momentarily ex
posed above the water. Here, despair
incr men and women held their children
till the cold water came as an ally to the
flames, and deprived them of strength.
The wretched throng neck deep in the
water, and the still more hapless beings
stretched on the heated sands, were
pierced and blistered by these burning
particles. They seemed, like-lancets of
red-hot steel, penetrating the thickest
covering.
Loner after the flames had died out,
when there was no more to feed on, the
hot sands rendered moving about an
exquisite torture, and long into the dis
mal midday the survivors were confined
to the narrow circuit near the river. As
the day wore on, help came in slowly
from the northward. Several railroad
gangs had escaped annihilation, and one
crancr. led by an, ex-prize-fighter named
Mulligan, came with promptness and
efficiency to the rescue through miles of
burninoj prairie and blockaded roads.
When the work of Tescue began it was
found that a great number had escaped
by the bed of the river and the northern
road to the port., and, as the day ad
vanned, half-naked stragglers, unkempt
and blackened, began to stream into the
sparse settlement. .As the molten sands
cooled off. the woful work of recognition
began. Peering into "blackened faces,
mothers, fathers, brothers tremblingly
sought out missing ones.
Some, in the immeasureable anguish
of the moment, had dashed themselves
against the sands- and let out the life
with their own hands that the licking
flames coveted. Men, too distant from
the river to hope for rescue or safety,
had cut the throats" of their choking
children, and were found in groups
sometimes nnccarred by the flames. In
the streets, full twenty .corpse were
found with no apparent injure or abra
sion. Fatuous tradesmen, in the sudden
rush of flame, had thrown their valuables
into wells for security every well in
the city was turned into a flaming pit,
and the very waters half evaporated by
the heat. Survivors attest that women
and children, cut off from the rivers,
were put into wells and covered with
bedding. I have looked into every well
in the ash covered clearing, and there is
no possibility that a living thing could
have endured the flames that boiled and
seethed in them.
How Hot Iron May be Handled.
Mons. I. Fontelle, President de la
Societe des Sciences Physiques' et Chi
miques de Paris, &c. has left the follow
ing on record 1 About the year 1809
one Lionetto, a Spaniard, astonished not
only the ignorrnt, but chemists and
other men of science, in France, Ger
many, Italy and England, by the impuni
ty with which he handled red-hot iron
and molten lead, drank boiling oil, and
performed other feats equally mira
culous. While he waa at Naples he
attracted the notice of Professor Semen
tern, who narrowly watched all operations
and endeavored to discover his secret.
He observed in the first place, that when
Lionetto applied a piece of red-hot iron
to his hair dense fumes immediately
rose from it, and the same occurred
when he touched his foot with the iron.
He also saw him place a rod of iron,
nearly red-hot, between his teeth with
out burning himself, drink the third of
a tablespoonful of boiling oil,- aha tak
ing up molten lead with his fingers place
it on his tongue without.apparent incon
venience. Sementem's efforts after per
forming several experiments upon him
self, were finally crowned with success.
He found that by friction with sulphuric
acid, diluted with water, the skin might
be made insensible to the action of the
heat of red-hot iron a solution of alum,
evaporated until it became spongy, ap
peared to be still more effectual. After
having rubbed the parts which were
thus rendered, in some degree, inicon
bustible with hard soap, he discovered
on the application of hot iron that their
insensibility was increased. He then de
termined on again, rubbing the parts
with soap, and after this found that the
hot iron not only occasioned no pain,
but that it actually did not burn the
hair. Being thus fr satisfied, the Pro
fessor applied hard soap to his tongue
until it became insensible to the heat of
the iron; and after .having placed, an
ointment composed of soap mixed with
a solution of alum upon it, boiling oil
did not burn it. While the oil remained
on the tongue a slight hissing was heard,
similar to that of hot. iron thrust into
water the oil soon cooled, and was then
swallowed without danger. Several
scientific men have since successfully re,:
peated the experiments of Prolessor
Sementem -i
Onii Then. Only when a mistress
knows how to cook a dinner ean she
truly be mistress in her own house.
She who can at once put her own train
ed harid to the machine in any spot
where a hand is needed, never comes to
be the slave of servants.
It is said that the International Soeie ty
is alarming the European monarehs,
Prussia and Austria being in a partic
ular flurry about it.
The Everglades of Florida.
The Everglades are just a submerged
prairie, aud they exhibit the manner in
which the great Western prairies, were
formed Drain the "Everglades, (it could
be. aone,) and the present islands would
be1 hill3.' Submerge i prairie,' and it
bills would become islands,- No tree is
found on the Everglades, because, they
are constantly covered with water;, no
trees are found on the prairies, because
they were long covered, with water.
Time will come when this vast plain will
be clear of water, and then we shall have
a large surface, like the prairies, clear
of trees,; and fitted for cultivation by
num. Jia these little Eyerglade islands
th&4alra flourishes, and also the 'orange
and every other tree: of Florida. The
oaster-oir plant grows up to be a large
tree of several years' life. The arrow
root and sweet-potato patches merely re
quire that stirring of the ground neces
sary in removing the full-grown roots to
cause the younger ones to grp w and keep
on growing. It is really not necessary
to plant more than once. -It is a lazy
man's paradise. No wonder the Indians
were unwilling to move to, the W,est it
was not the graves of their fathers they
were unwilling to leave, it was their
potato and pumpkin patches. Their
pumpkin is small, round and sweet they
cut it open, put in a raccoon or opossum,
cover it with ashes and, bake ".tin the
fire., The hunters think it a superb
dish. Another plan is to take a fish' jtlst
off the hook, "and without scalihg:"Or
cleaning, wrap it up in green leaves and
bake it in the same way. Hunters use a
wet newspaper It is .done when,: if you
tear a piece pf tjjhe ,wrapping, lie, skin
and scales come off with it. You tear
off skin and wrapping trom 'one side, and
eat the flesh, turn it Over and, eat the
other, and throw bones and inside away.
Indians in small numbers, are,, still
found near ,the Everglades. They, do
not like the whites, are nbt sociable, but
there is a talisman that will move them
out of stoicism into cordiality,' there is
a sesame that: will open-' an; Indian's
heart and mouth,' and thato i whisky.
They are the only savages ;iwbo have
never invented ap intoxicating liijuor of
their own. Their only idea of civiliza
tion is to get drunk. Ride into their
own country, put-up with a Chief, give
him whisky and promise him more, and
he and his are at your service so, long as
your whisky lasts. t j
What Men have Died for.
'Colonel Montgomery was shot rn 'a
duel about a dog; Colonel Ramsey in One
about a servant Mr. Featherstone in
one about a recruit Sterne's father in
one about a goose and another gentle
man in one about ah acre of anchovies
one officer' was challenged for merely
asking his Opponent to enjoy the second
goblet and another was compelled to
fight about a pinch of snuff; General
Barry was challenged by a Captain Smith
for declining wine at dinner on a steam
boat, although the General had pleaded
as an excuse that wine invariably made
him sick; and Lieutenant Co wther lost
his life in a duel because he was refused
admittance to a club of pigeon shooters.
In 1777 a jduel occurred in New York
city, between Lieutenant Featherstone
haugb, of the 76th, and" Captain McPher
son, of the 42d British regiment, in -regard
to the .manner of eating an ear of
corn, one contending that the best eat
ing was from the cob and the other that
the grain should be cut off from the cob
before eating. Lieutenant Featherstone
haugh lost his right arm, the ball from
his antagonist's: pistol shattering .the
limb dreadfully, so much, so that it had
to be amputated. Graham, Major Noah's
assistant editor on the National Advocate,
lost his life in' 1827, at the duelling
ground at Hoboken, with Barton,' the
son-in-law of Edward Livingston, in a
simple dispute about "what Was trumps"
in a game of cards.
How they Fixed Him. Albany start
ed a peculiar kind of a relief fund a few
days since, and the receipt pf which
is likely to afford any thing but satisfac
tion to the recipient. It appears that a
gentleman was requested to contribute
something to the Chicago fund. At
first ha called the fund a swindle and
then gave ten dollars. The exclamation
was merely a hasty one, and. .the gentle
man evidently belongs, to that class of
persons who always grumble,"' although
possessed of the kindest intentions; But
mark his punishment. His hard criti
cism was made public by an evening
journal, and penny .contributions were
called for to reimburse him in his un
willing outlay. The result was that
pennies came pouring in from all parts
of the city, county and state. As soon
as the thousandth penny was received
the whole sum was put up in a package
and sent to the gentleman's office.
Worse punishment is rarely inflicted for
a hasty word.
Hens IN: .Place of Dogs. There is
hardly a family that does not throw
away enough table .scraps to keep at
least a do2en hens and many that keep
a nuisance in1 the shape of a dog; i that
does ho good, 'but costs more than -a
dozen good hens. One, dog in-a neigh
borhood is generally a greater tjrouble to
the neighbors than a flock of hens would
be; for if hens are 'well feed at home,
they will rarely go away.'- But' who
ever saw a dog-that was not a pest, run
ning across the newly made garden, and
sticking his nose into everything, Kill
pff curs and give the food to the bens.and
y ou will find pleasure as well as profit
in so doing. We wish there was' a tax of
$100 on every dog kept in the country.
These that are of value as watch dogs,
could be retained,... while the hpst of
snarling, dirty curs would, ,give place tp
some more useful and less troublesome
Bx all. Means. A shrewish wife,
quite sick, sailed her husband to come
and Sit by her bed-side."'.
This is a sad world, Af dear," said
the wife, plaintively.
Very."'' coincided the maui u.-
.".Wereit not for leaving you, I should
love to quit it."
"Oh, ,my dear," eagerly responded
the fellow, "how can you think I would
interfere with your happiness Go by
all means." u
The lady got well. i iV
It is significant to learn that, in 'con
sequence of the famine prevailing in
Persia, the exportation f dates from
that country has been prohibited by the
authorities. In England alone .we an
nually receive from i2,pup, to 15,000 tons
of these dates, which are consumed with
considerable appreciation' by 'the chil
dren of the poor. The Grocer: 1
There is much suffering in the San
Joaquin "Valley, where the crops, have
wholly failed for two seasons. One
thousand persons are needingfbod. The
citizens of San Francisco are raising
funds for their relief.
,("v. Away Out West.
The following extract, taken verbatim,
frpmva private letter, dated Pioche, Ne
vada, will it is feared' tend to create 'a
prejudice against that calm retreat 4
1; "Pioche is the county seat of Lincoln
County, a mining camp a year old. It's
on the Great American Desert, and situ
ated between bare mountains, looking
over a bare dry plain. .Water has to.be
brought eight miles bv wagon, and is
sold at six cents' a gallon. There are
about 1,200 people heie,' the half of
whom have been in State Prison (stage
and highway robbers, &c, and the rest
ought to be. -r- Our. graveyard has 41
graves, of which but two are filled by
death from natural causes.' The rest all
died with their boots on. 'Shot mostly f
some cut. One shooting scrape took
place in the bank, in which Mike Casey
killed Tom Gossin, after receiving Gos
Bin's fire. There is no law. Any one
feeling aggrieved seeks redress generally
with his pistol. It's been a Close game
for me several tim'es I got cut in the
leg once, but I am here yet. I sleep
with a bull-dog, a Henry rifle and a six
shooter.: The mines (silver) employ about
600 mn, about a hundred are in busi
ness, and the rest are blackguards of the
worst kind cattle-thieves, renegade
Mormons, and men who are banished
from society by their crimes; and ready
for anything. It's 850 miles to railroad
or telegraph we have three stages a
week and one mail. I've done very well
here, and would have made some money
but two of my partners in a claim were
killed, and I can't go on alone." My life
has baeh attempted twice by the party
who killed my partners. I don't, allow
any man. to scare me if, I can have a
show but when it gets down to cases
where you dare nol sit by a window or
by ah open door after dark, its time to
jump the game. If ever I get back to
California,' I think IU stay there any
way, I've got enough of this kind of liv
ing, i I'm. tired of packing a six-shooter
around night and day.",.-
But jt isn't as hopeless as it seems
tlie future of this placid little village
for in a few weeks all the natives will be
disposed of ''shot mostly some cnt
and then virtuous new settlers can be
gin the settlement again.-
The Power of Lightning.
The concentration of power in a stroke
of lightning, acting through an incon
ceivably small interval of time, may per
haps be realized after examining its work
of .destruction, yet its inductive action
on the earth's surface is not less wonder
ful. Prof. A; M. Mayer made an ex
periment, some time since, which de
monstrated the extent of this action.
He connected the wire of a galvanometer
with the water-pipes of Baltimore, Md.,
and joined the othr end of the coil to a
gas-pipe of a Louse in the south-western
part of the city. Thus a vast metallic
system of electrio nerves stretched three
miles towards the north-west, to the
reservoir, and about as, many miles to
the east and south-east, over the city.
A thunder-storm was raging at the time
in the north, at so great a distance that
only the illuminations of the clouds told
when-a flash occurred. Yet whenever
that flash took place, the needle of the
galvanometer was instantly .deflected
through ten or twenty degrees. So
nearly simultaneous were, the two occur
rences that no diffefenee in the instant
of their manifestation oould be detected.
Shutting himself up in a dark room
containing the galvanometer, he signaled,
when the needle moved, to an observer
of, the storm, who also gave a signal
whenever a flash occurred and the ex
change of signals was always found to
be simultaneous.' 'It was ascertained oh
the following day that the storm was
more than twelve miles distant, thus
showing that over 500 square, miles of
earth's surface was effected at each flash
of tlie. lightning. 7
A Sinqulab Accident. A curious and
somewhat startling accident occurred in
Brooklyn, N. Y: An ordinary range boiler
burst and the hot water very badly scald
ed a lady and several children who were
in the kitchen, On .examination the
boiler was found to be very thin.
Plumbers have been in the htibit of re
presenting that this class of boilers, or,
more properly speaking, hot water reser
voirs, might collapse, from a defective
supply of water, but could not explode
a theory under which thousands of
families have rested in confiding security.
Thet present instance is fatal to this
notion of the constitution of range boil
ers, and it is to be hoped that it will be
carefully investigated. Nothing would
add more to the discomfort of the average
American hotrSRhold than a lurking
suspicion concerning the safety of its
kitchen, especially if the suspicion should
gain access to the minds of the already
unreliable cook and laundress.
A Novel Gabden. The young King
of Bavaria has an immense garden on
the roof of his palace at Munich which
is said to rival the celebrated hanging
gardens of Semiramis. In the center of
it there is a lake with fishes and swans
swimming in it, and this is surrounded
by woods in which there are various
animals and birds, and also rock-work
and grottoes. The rocks had to be hol
lowed out before transporting them to
the roof, the better to enable the build
ing t bear their weight. There is in
the center of the garden a sort of tent or
pavilion of great magnificence, which ho
one but -the King i ever enters. The
apartments under the palace. roof were
formerly occupied by. the ladies of honor,
but thev .jhave been, converted into
stables, because too much time was re
quired to hoist horses to the roof when
ever the King wished to ride or drive
through this fairy-like resort. i
On the Rampage.. The wild, steer"
steers wildly through the streets of St
Louis at all times of day. One is re
ported recently to have capsized two
men killed one, tossed a couple of chil
dren in the air, butted through a show
window, knocked down the frame of a
shed, gone through a baiS-room, broken
up an auction, broken a man's leg, ran
sacked a barber .shop, and swum the
Mississippi River."
Odd Material. In the village of Mun
ford, 'New York, there is a church in
process of erection, which is; being built
of a petrifaction taken from a swamp
near by, and consisting of leaves, roots,,
twigs, muck, etc., together with lime
stone. The blocks are so cut as to show
the material of which they consist, and
the building, when completed, will be a
decided curiosity.,
Miss Carrie Monfort, of Boston, known
as the "Fat Girl," recently died of dis
ease of the. heart. She was nine years
old, and weighed nearly four hundred
pounds.
Scene In a California Gambling Hell.
A'momept. if you please;" quietly
remarked an almost beardless desperado,
covering his pile with a firm hand, and
fixing dangerous eyes on 'the burly deal
er o montei whom he addresses: "you
can stop there.",
Well, sir.". 4,
"Well, excuse me, but I think you
dreW two cards."
"I believe not.; I'll take your pile if
you please the kerwajo takes it.
"Two-cards!"
."Your (money r'w.'i
And in, each case the words were ac
companied by 9 ..quick and quiet move
ment which 4scioses a revolver. With
the appearance of these two new disput
ants, polished,' curt,' of brief but sharp
and downright speech-Mhere is quick but
fusslessstir among the spectators around
the table. .In a, moment a clear space
is formed, in the midst of a still circle of
flashing eyes, compressed lips and clench
ed hands. s Tou may count twenty de
liberately ere you 'hear a breath or see
the slightest movement.
"Well, sir i .i
"Weill'.'.
Your money
Your cards!"
Up steps a bystander some cool
steady veteran, expert in the game and
versed in the law of difficulties a man
of awful nerve, whose tympanum, accus
tomed to the crack, no pistol shot alarms.
Gentlemen," says he, try arbitra
tion first."
Another quick change of enquiring
and responsive glances between the dis
putants. 1
Not a word, but the eyes of each
plainly say agreed.". Both throw them
selves brck in their chairs and withdraw
their hands from the table, with the air
of men inviting examination', and res
olute to abide the result. The veteran
calls up two brothers of the Green Cloth
competent to act as umpire and three
minutes, fraught with mortal danger,
are passed, in deliberately counting the
cards as they lie on the cloth, and nam
ing them slowly like the tolling of a
bell, or the measured pronunciation of a
death sentence.'.' Except that there has
been no noise but the simultaneous click
ing of two. pistol locks; The dealer and
his young vis-a-vis are seemingly uncon
cerned for the event You are wrong,
my friend," says Veteran.
No card was drawn here. Mistakes
will happen to the most careful gentle
men." i': 1
From that decision there is no appeal
His finger on the trigger after that
would have cost the young fellow nis
life. So pistols go back to their resting
place?, hands are shaken across the table,
drinks for the company at the expense
of the bucker "--as he who plays
against the bank is called and the game
proceeds with a better understanding.
'History of the Cent.
The old red cent, is rapidly passing
away out of the United States currency,
and it will not be long before it will only
be known in memory and numismatic
collections. Its history is a matter of
sufficient interest for preservation. The
cent was first proposed by Robert Morris,
the great financier of the revolution, and
was named by Jefferson two years af
ter. It began to make its appearance
from the mint in 1792. It bore the head of
Washington on one side and thirteen
links on the other. The xrencn revo
lution soon created a rage for French
ideas, which put on the cent, instead of
the head of Washington, the head of the
Goddess of Liberty a .trench Liberty,
with flowing locks. The chain on the
reverse was replaced by the olive wreath
of peace. But the French Liberty was
short-lived; and so was her portrait on
the cent. The next head or figure suc
ceeding this the staid classic dame with
a fillet around her hair came into fashion
about thirty or forty years ago; and her
finely chiseled urecian features nave
been but slightly altered in the lapse of
time..:. 1 .i,,
The Comet. Encke's great comet,
which makes a tour to the region of the
sun once in about three years and at
quarter, is now on its way thither, and
will reach the perihilion some time in
January.. It will very soon oome within
the ken of the astronomers, but persons
who have only their pyes to Bee with will
not have the pleasure of beholding the
erratic visitor. It rounds the sun at
a distance of thirty-two million miles
and then darts off into space, and before
it turns to come back reaches a point of
three hundred and thirty-seven million
miles from that luminary. This comet
is an object of especial interest to schol
ars, owing to the fact that the period of its
revolution is gradually diminishing.
This is supposed to prove that the re
gions of space are filled with a material
either capable of retarding the motion
of solid bodies, the ultimate effect, of
which will be to destroy the centrifugal
force, of the planets and allow them grad
ually and imperceptibly to glide into the
sun. It will take a long time for the
earth to' reach that destination, but
Enoke's comet periodically reminds us
that such is its final doom.'4
1 A Voice from Utah. The character
of, the petition froin Utah, 50 feet long,
and signed by about 2,500:' women pf
that Territory, has, been unintentionally
misstated.-' Instead of being against
polygamy, it is in favor of that institu
tion, and was sent to-the Executive Man
sion at Washington by Delegate Hooper.
The petitioners say that their husbands
father, sons, and brothers, are now be
ing exposed to the murderous' policy Of
a clique of Federal officers intent on the
destruction Plan honest, happy, industri
ous, and prosperous people, and they
therefore ask for the removal of the Fed
eral disturbers of the peace, or at least
to stop the disgraceful court proceedings,
or send candid and trustworthy men to
Utah to investigate the question of the
constitutional rights and liberty of the
peopl e. The petitioners express their ap
probation of polygamy, asserting that it
was sanctioned by Christ's teachings,
and that the institution is being per
verted by Federal officers.
How they Did it. There are' more
ways than one' of resenting ah insult.
Several Prussian officers in full uniform
were present at a concert in Amsterdam,
not long agb The musicians struck up
Die Wacht am Rhein when the
audience took it into their heads to hiss.
The band in prder to allay .the tumult,
glided into, the Dutch national air. At
the first strains the Prussian officers un
covered their heads, rose and stood dur
ing the remainder of the piece.-1
After the great fire in London, in 1666,
Parliament enacted that every house
should be built with. independent walls;
and all in front raised to equal height,
and those walls should be of. stone or
brick, and that no man should delay be
yond seven years.
Love's Queen.
He loves, hot well whose love ia bold
I would not have thee oome too nigh.
The Bun's cold would not aeem pure gold
Unless the sun were in tha sky
To take him thence and chain him near
Would make his beauty disappear.
He keeps his state do thou keep thine,
And shine Upon me from afar I
So shall I bask in light divine,
That falls from Love's own guiding-star,
So shall thy eminenoe be high,
And so my passion shall not die.
But all my life shall reaoh its hands
Of lofty longing toward thy face,
And be aa one who speechless stands
In rapture at some porfect araoe.
My love, my hope, my all shall be
To look to heaven and look to thee.
Thine eves shall be the heavenly lights
Thy voioe Bhall be the summer breeze,
What time it sways, on moonlit nights,
The murmuring tops of leafy trees 5
And I will touch thy beauteous form
In June's red roses, rich and warm.
But thou thyself shalt not come down
From that pure region far above
But keep thy throne and wear thy orown,
Queen of my heart and qneen of love 1
A monarch in thy realm complete,
And a monarch at thv feet I
Facts and Fancies.
Leaves have their time to fall just
now.
Frowns blight young children as frosty
nights blight young plants.
Who ever saw anybody near a fire who
didn't want to play poker
A doctor's motto is supposed to be
patients aBd long suffering.
A learned writer asserts that, after all,
energy quite as orten drives off disease
as it brings it on.
In a libel suit against a newspaper at
Little Rock, Ark., for 830,000, the plain
tiff attained $1 in damages.
1 The champion sexton of a town in
Maine bas dug a thousand graves, and
officiated at twelve hundred funerals.
The first daily newspaper in Virginia
was printed in 1780, and its subscrip
tion price was fifty dollars per annum.
The latest style in wedding cards is
very long and narrow, of heavily glazed
pasteboard, with a monogram or crest
stamped in silver.
One of the coats sent to the Boston
Young Men's Christian Association, to
be forwarded to Chioago, was labelled
My wedding coat."
The latest style of bridle head dress is
a wreath composed of small white ostrich
tips. The bridal vail is trimmed with
vines of lilies of the valley and jessa
mine. A young man having a late railroad
disaster in his mind has broken bis en
gagement with a young lady, because
she wears a train and is negligent about
her switch.
The Chicago lake crib is two miles
from shore, and yet the keeper had to
keep the top of the building continually
wet to' ttrevent its igniting on the night
of the fire.
Six West Point cadets have been dis
missed for hazing, and the authorites
positively refuse to revoke the dismissals
from the Annapolis Naval Academy for
the same offence.
An old Bachelor, who bears bis lonely
state with much equanimity, says "It
is better to be laughed at for not being
married, than be unable to laugh be
cause you are."
A railroad employe, on being nudged
with a contribution box while asleep in
church, the other day, woke up enough
to remark, "I work on this road," and
returned to his nap. 1
NeW nicy cent and dollar revenue
stamps have just made their appearance.
They are made of linen paper, colored
blue, with scroll work, and bear a litho
"tph of George Washington.
A young lady requested to be released
from her marriage engagement on the
ground that when contracted she be
lieved her lover 9. "duck," but has
since found him to be a goose.
The arrivals of vessels at Boston, dur
g nine months of the present year,
exceed those of the same period, last
year, by 447, showing a considerable
increase in the foreign commerce of that
city.
The cost of the war in Cuba during
the past year has been $62,000,000, ana
the Colonial deficit for the year amounts
to $11,000,000. The Spanish Govern
ment asks for a credit of $20,000,000 for
military purposes.
Mrs. Leary, of Chicago, stoutly denies
the story that the great fire was caused
by the upsetting of a kerosene-oil lamp
in her stable while she was milking her
cows. She says the stable must have
been fired by incendiaries. She always
milks by daylight.
One cord of wood cut and split fins
and corded up beneath a shelter while it
is yet green, will furnish more heat after
it has become seasoned than two cords
of the same kind of wood which has
been continually exposed to the alternate
influences of storms and sunshine.
"Mack," of the Chicago Republican,
is 1 jocose tinder his misfortunes. In
pointing out the difference between
Theodore Thomas' fugacious fiddlers
and Nero, he explains that one fiddled
while Rome burned, and the others
roamed while their fiddlers burned.
Experiments made on board an iron
built sailing vessel, provided with iron
rigging and lower yards of steel, and
with two binnacle -compasses on her
poops, and a third placed between the
mizzen and mainmasts, the lower part
of which was all of iron the deviations
of the needle were respectfully fifty-six,
twenty-four, and thirty-five degrees.
The following1, characteristic funeral
item is from the Kansas City (Mo.)
limes The funeral of Mike Williams,
shot by Wild Bill, at Abilene, took place
in this city on Sunday, Wild Bill paid
the expenses of the funeral." The
Chattanooga 7tnes adds: "Mr. Wil
liams, we have no doubt, deeply regrets
his inability to thank Wild Bill for his
liberality."
A young lady sitting at a window,
tossing in her- hand what might have
been a ball of white yarn, attracted the
attention of a middle-aged chap on the
street, whose gallantry prompted him to
hold up his hands for a catch. She ac
commodated him. The article proved
to be an egg, and alighted on his nose
but it is: not to be supposed that the
lady knew it was a bad one.
"'A Louisville wife, wishing to get rid
of her husband, at short notice, sent him
into the cellar with a kerosene lamp for
a pitcher of cider. 'She gave him just
time to get the cider in one hand and
the lamp in the other,' and then shouted
murder." She had calculated well.
The doomed man sprang up the stepr,
the lamp fell, and the woman was free.