Spirit of fcffcrsoit.
Oharlestowii, W, Va,, November 14.
TEAUD AND CORBOPTION.
Thfl New York Sun, and tlio licpoblicnn
papers generally throughout the country, arc
very jubilant over the defeat of the Democra
cy, or wore properly of the "Tammany King"
in the city of New York, in the election that
has ju?-t taken place. Apparently aware of
the fact that the defeat may be attributed
aolely to the indignation of all honest men,
of either party, at the frauds that have been
recently discovered iu the "Tammany King,"
and knowing that a general accusation by the
Republican party of fraud on the part of the
Democracy would he a most exaggerated case
of "the pot calling the kettle black,"?if we
may be excused the term.?the Sun alleges
that fraud nnd corruption prevail equally
wherever cither party happens to bo in power.
Hut for the recently discovered frauds in the
"Tnmmany King," which mot-t assuredly does
not include the whole Democracy throughout
the country, we arc at a loss to conceive how
the Republican party would have met the
charge of universal corruption, which, with
the President as a fouutain head, seem* to
have infected Republican officials, of lii^h
and low degree, whether Statu or .Federal,
from Maine to Texas It is as natural, there
fore, as for a drowning man to catch at u
Btriw, that the Tummuny frauds should be
6eized upon as a pretext for declaring fraud
and corruption to be universal, when there is
really no evidence that they exist, generally,
elsewhere than in the Republican patty.?
Fraud and corruption exist as exceptions to
the rule in the Democracy; but the Sun it
self acknowledges that they "run riot" among
the "carpct'bag governments of the South,
the Kcpublican office-holders of the West,
and the National Adminiftratiou at Wash
inpton." The "carpet bag government*" of
the South are Republican the National Ad
ministration is Republican the office holders
of the West are Republican so that, by the
Sun's own admission, so far from fraud aud
corruption being exceptions t?the rule in its
own party, they seem to be literally synony
mous with the term KrpuUi'mn. We hope,
therefore, that in future elections, the Sun,
at lea?t, after such admissions, will not have
the impudence to.urcc the corruption of the
"Tammany Ring" as a reason for the defeat
of the Democratic party throughout the
oouotry.
MORE STRAWS.
Wo arc glad that t'ic American people
(aayi the Washington Patriot) are likely to
eocounter a pood, wholesome, stout usurps
tion of authority. We congratulate them
upon the prospects of a roup d'ftat and a
Dectmlrvulc that will put the mild tyrannies
of Louis Napoleon to the blush. We felici
tate tliem upon the likelihood of soon tasting
the English experiences under Charles and
James, with Kirk, for commander and Jef
fries for judire; of knowing, by bodily en
counter, whut sort of time the llochcllois had
during the dragonades, and how happy the
people of Arras could be under Joseph hebon.
For, unquestionably, we want "shaking up."
Something bus narcotized us; wenresteeped
in apatiy and indifference, like men ''drunken
with mandragara," while all the precious es
sence of the spirit of liberty and the con
sciousness of political right is being drained
out of us. There never was a truer word
spoken than the fatirical remark of the Eng
lishman who said we did nit know bow to
value the hulca* rorjm and other precious
safeguards of private right, for the reason
that wc bad not fought to obtain them. One
after another of these rights arc invaded, and
we say nothing, sec nothing, /eel nothing.?
What id the !uw any more, with in principles
deep rooted and it) robed and awful sancity,
in the prcsenco of a political advantage, a
popular passion, ?-r a pecuniary pressure??
What is the domestic health, that castle
whose traditionary exemption from invasion,
as it comes dowm to us from our English sires,
is liko the unsullied name of virginity
WhaUis the sacred private right of a man in
Lis own domicile any longer, if a partisan
purpose or a supposed public expediency
choose to invade it Whut is personal libeity
any longer?that grand ideal, fur the restitu
tion of which some few years back we wore
supposed to have two millions of men in arms?
Here h South Carolina harried as fiercely as
the Assyrians harried llezekiah's Jerusalem,
or as the Frcnch swept the Palatinate, and no
man says them nay. Here arc men dragged
off tt prison by hundreds; no redress, no
bearing, no judge to try them but prison to
receive them, bayonet to correct them; all
ready, and the people consenting! When an
asfcisftin shot down England's favorite premier,
tud was regularly tried, convicted and exe
cuted in a week. Erskine protest *d with hoi*
ior, and Hrougham proclaimed that justice
f?as disgraced. Where are the protestant#
now, while Mar-hull .Johnson outrages law
and Judge Itond mocks at justice in tho
South vWho dare* seize private property
io England, even under color of law Here,
last week, in Chicago, where n certain pro
prietor ft a ''ip'1 rent ur?n bis premises,
wanted for private uses, and refuses t abate,
General Sheridan marchcs in n file of men,
takes possession, instills the Hoard of Trade
there, and orders tho man shot if he attempts
to resist or to cjcct them ho iu all Uii
cago pretests Who seems to appreciate the
fact that to tolerate this i< to livo in a citup,
not a city Ate not these tiling*straws, toll
ing which way the wind .blows? Is not tho
neuso of personal liberty and private right
escaping out of the American consciousness?
W Wo ure pleased to announce to tho
afflicted, that Dr. Strauss will visit Harper's
Ferry Wednesday Morning. November 10th,
Mid remain for three days, until Saturday
woroing, November 18, at the Shenandoah
Uo om.
?-The coal fields of West Virginia embrace
?a area offctacu thousand square miles, or
about three limes the coal urea ot Great
Dritaio,
THE CHICAGO HOMICIDE,
"It in nn ill wind," says tho proverb,
"which blows nobody pood," and in illustra
tion of this we sec tlio doctrino of States'
Rights rising above a bloody t-tain on the
ashes of Chicago. In another column, says
the Norfolk Virginian, we print the full text
of Governor Palmer's letter to tho Attorney
General of Illinois in which the circum
stance.* attending the murder of Col* Grosve
nor, who was shot down by a sentinel stand
ing guard by order of Gen. Sheridan, aro set
forth. The great barn-burner, who desolated
the beautiful Valley of Virginia, has nf late
been trampling down the people of Chicago
with bis cavalry boots on, and for the sake of
civil liberty we rejoice to sec that be is to be
brought to account. lie seems to havo
come back from the fields of France, where
ho was sent to watch the great Franco I'rus
sion duel. Imbued with military contempt of
the rights of the people, and an exaggerated
idea of his individual greatness. Tho story
in which he was shown to have regulated, by
a personal order, tho charges of b hotel in
Chicago, exhibited him in the light of a con
queror in an enemy's country, rather than a
public servant of the people of a Republic;
and after perusing that narrative, wc arc not
astonished to find that under his orders vio
lence, even to the extent nf murder, has been
lone. We all remember a grim dispatch,
which came over the wires during tho fire.
!o the effect that the "soldiers were shooting
ilisordcrly prions." and in the letter of Gov.
Palmer, wc find the melancholy particulars of
i most cruel and gratuitous homicide. In
ricw of this tragedy, the Chief Magistrate
>f Illinois raises a Constitutional question,
irhich is of great weight, and he instructs the
\ttorney General to bring all the facts before
:hc grand jury of Cook county, "in order
that all persons concerned in the killing of
Thomas W. Grosvcnor may be brought to a
ipeedy trial." We arc sincerely rejoiced at
:his, not that we bear animosity towards Slier
dan. but because the public liberties are in
miner.t peril from Giant and his Lieutenauts.
The military idea of government is that of
force, and for the barracks or the camp this
is the true theory but when a narrow minded
man, who has not scope enough of brain to
comprehend the scicnce of law, or the rela
;ions of the different branches of the State,
undertakes to apply tho Article" of War to
[ho wants and necessities of society, then wc
have either to accept a despotism, or vindi
cate tho law. The Governor of Illinois un
derstands this, and the prand jury of Cook
county will be called on, under his instruc
tions. to pass upon the most important ques
tion which has arisen at the North since the
end of the war. Wo trust this body will ad
dress itself to the inquisition ordered iu a
calm and resolute temper, and that all per
sons implicated in this murder may be brought
to justice.
SODUD ADVICE,
That ablo Democratic paper, the Parkers
bur^ Gazette, in commenting upon the result
of the recent election in this State, wisely and
truly remarks:
"This large majority is a very serious
thinjr, as it throws the whole responsibility
of the St-to Government upon the Democratic
pirty. It lias been said that tho next worse
thing to a great defeat is a great victory n?t
properly used. We wish now, during tho
1 exultation of our friends, to caution them
against exces-cs. To remind them that po
litical revolutions arc continually occurring in
this, as in all other countries, and no party
can hold its power that does not protect the
interests, person and property of all the pco
pie, without regard to patty.
"We would call their attention to tho po
litical revolution of 1810, which swept off tlic
Democratic party as with a "besoui of de?
traction," and yet with a President and both
Houses of Congress, the Wliiir administration
only lasted one term. Thr? Democratic party
then resumed its sway. The people may lie
hoodwinked for awhile, but not long, and if
the creat power the Democratic pirty now
has. is not u?ed with wisdom, justice and dis
cretion, it will be thrown higher than a kite,
in less titno than it will take to snap an old
gun.
"In the hey-dcy of our creat victory let us
not forget ourselves, but remember that the
tree that is cut down may sprout again, hit
us do right and then we will be invulnerable."
MmtE It AI Mt OA I).?The Otui it r> Journal,
which touches everything wjth evident relish,
except "old Hourbon," snys
The Chcsapeuk and Ohio railroad, which
all of a sudden becomes a big thing in our
railroad horroacopc, is an immense corporation.
Headed by a combination which is impregna
ble. and bundled with a silent discretion which
has paid its way and gone about it< business
without making any unnecessary fuss, it has
already laid the fouudution for the most mag
nificent inter-continental route from the deep
sea-waters of tho Chesepcuke to the vulley ot
the Mississippi. Its purchase of the Short
line places Louisville directly on this line.?
11 also confronts the Pennsylvania Central at
this point with in active and powerful com
petitor. Thus Louisville has at least a fair
show,and is not yet sold out body and breeches
Iu uu other paragraph, the same paper
savs
The contest between the Pennsylvania Cow
pany and the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad
Company for the possession of the Louisville.
Cincinnati and Lexington Short-line railroad
is virtually ended. It was a very pretty fight
while it lasted but it was short, as well as
sharp and decisive, and resulted iu tho tri
umph of the Virginia line.
Mr. Abner Hodgson, Jr. has sold this
year, from an orchard of uiue ucrcs, seven
hundred barrels of apples. Krotn forty trecH
he realized eight hundred dollars. The wholo
orchard comprises but nitio acres, and is situ
ated obout four miles west of Winchester.?
This is better than wheat. Col. Callahan hps
purchased for the northern markets six or se
ven thousand barrels; and the apple-crop of
J871 will probably have brought into tho
county 830.000, besides leaving abundance
fur home consumption.? Winchester Newt.
Tho destruction of life and property by
the great fires in tho Northwest is now said
to have been much greater than reported
Men and women destroyed themselves, pa
rents cut their children's throats, hundreds
leaped into wells, and crowds perished by
inohes. It is doubtful if such horrible scones
were ever before known in this country.?
They literally beggar description. It is repor
ted that over 3,000 lives were loit.
Phenomena of the Northern Fire.
There tire sotue phases of the fjre.it calami
ty which fell upon this rcgiou last week wor?
thy of scientific investigation. The testimony
of tho coolcr^headcd survivors of tho fires at
Pcshtigo and Sugar Bush and Williamsville
is united as to one phenomenon. They say
that the fire did not come upon them gradual
ly from burning trees and other objects to the
windward, but the first notico they had of it
was a whirlwind of flame, in great clouds,
from above the tops of the trees which fell
upon and enveloped everything. The atmos
phere seemed one of fire. The poor people
inhaled it, or the intensely hot air, and full
down dead. This is verified by the appear*
ance of many of the corpscs. They wero found
dead in the road* and open spaces v^here there
were no visible marks of fire near by, with
nut a trace of burning upon their bodies or
clothing. At the Sugar Bush, which is an
extended clearing, in some places four miles
in width, corpses were found in the open road,
between fenccs, which wore only slightly
burned. No mirk of tiro was upon them, but
they laid there as if asleep. This phenomenon
seems to explain tho facts that so many were
killed in compact masses. They seemed to
have huddled together in what were evidently
regarded at the moment as the safest placcs,
away from buildings, trees, or other inflamum
ble material, and there to have died together.
Fences around clcared fields were burucd iu
spote* of only a few rods in length, and else
where not touched. Fish were killed in the
streams?as at I'ebhtigo.
We hear tho universal testimony that the
prevailing idea among the terror-stricken pco
pic of those places was that the la.?t day had
come. They need not to be terror-stricken
for such imaginings. W hat other explanation
could bo given to that imminent time, when
thero was an omiuous warning and sound
coining from the distance; when the sky, so
dark just before, burst into greut clouds of
fire, the beasts of the forest came running for
succor into the midst of the settlement-, nnd
the great, red, consuming, roaring hell of fire
fell npon all around. The dreadful scene
lacked nothing but the sounding of tho last
trump?and indeed the approach of the awful
roaring, and the premonitions from tho dis
tance, supplied even tliut to the appalled im
aginings of the people.
The Epsy theory, we think it is, that con
tinued, and wide-spread fires will bring on
rain, seems to be exploded in this fast nice.?
These fires had lasted nearly or quite four
weeks, ravaging forests over a great area, and
still not a drop of rain. The ruin only came
with a chanyo of wind to the northward, aud
several days after tho worst burnings w?rc
over with.
The Panic in the African Chnrch at
Loussville,
I From the LouUville Ledger, 6tli.J
Thoso who desired the prayers of the
church were invited to eomo forward. Ju.-t
then u sound ot a body falliu^; to the floor
was heard, followed by a crashing, crackiliog
sound, and a man who sut near the pulpit
jumped from his ficut. and said the floor was
sinking, and rushed lor the door. The cry
was taken up by others and change to
"THE UOUSE IS FALLING."
In an instant tho entire congregation was
I anic-atriekec. and thcu a terrible and deadly
rush was made for the door. The stairways
were booii blocked, and the narrow, fatal door
way was filled by tho frenzied and struggling
crowd. Men, eager to escape from they knew
i ot what, bej:an to jostle and pull at each
other, and some, in their eagerness to escape
becatno angry at what to them seemed the
snail like efforts of the fleeing oues, and a
fighi sprung up just in tho door, and this for
an instint checked the crowd and prored the
doith-kncll of elcveu person*, and t he wound
inj; of seventy-five or one hundred others.?
The gor;;e caused by the fi>:ht at the doorway
rendered the crowd behind more frantic, and
these tumbled and jumped over the partitions
at the head of the stairway, falling upon tho
heads of those below, and the weaker were
tha.mi?led, and toun, and mangled,
beneath the hceU and bodies of the stronger.
Women and children, and even strong men,
shouted and screamed in agony, and a scene
I of terror and coufusion and death, utterly in
describable, ensued.
The pastor tried in vain to quell tho panic,
and lined out the hymn and began singing,
and was joined by some who reuiainod close to
the pulpit, and seeing n-? apparent change,
and failing to understand tho causo of the
Ir-jjlit, had remained in their places. Hut
the efTo.H of the pastor were of no avail.?
No human efforts could stay tho frightened
crowd.
The stairways were soon a struggling mass
of human boings. The benches wero broken
t j fragments, and the strong doors and wood
en partitions at iho bottom wero broken as
though they had been glass.
Finding the stairways blocked, tho crowd
rushed to the windows and broke the glass
with their naked hands and toro out the
sashes. On the south side of the church tho
laboratory of l)r. J. P. IJarnum adjoins tho
windows, which are about liltoon or twenty
feet from the ground, and fully ono hundred
persons saved themselves by jumping upon
the roof. .Many jumped the entiro distance
to tho ground, but. strango to say, none of
them wnre seriously injured.
Dr. liarnum and his clerk, Mr. Thomas
Fountain, rushed into the yard, and found
THE ilOORWAV PILED Ul? WITH IIODIES,
eight or ten deep, and a mass of crushed and
struggling human beings lying in front of tho
door. Policemen Kmlow and Muttin were
near by and soon came to tho spot, but with*
out effect. A messenger was dispatched to
the eni?ine*bouso for assistance, but the mes?
HMue was misunderstood, and un alarm of fire
was turned in, aud soon the engines cauio
rushing t the scene, followed by tho eager
crowd which usually attended fires. Of course
this but added to tho cencrul coufusion, and
a scene of terrible ezcitcmcnt ensued.
Tho hook and ladder company, however,
soon threw their ladders up to tho front win
dows. and the frantic peoplo wero passed
down the ladders. Tho pile of disabled
bodies was removed from in front of the door,
and the dead aud dying were disentangled
from the fatal vestibule.
Three or four dead and wour.ded wo found
ou**ide tho door. They hud escaped from
tho building only to be trampled and smoth
ered to death outside. Those who had escaped
unhurt wero frenzied in their i fTorti to return.
This one wished to rescue a child, another a
wife, another a husband, and another a sister
or brother. Tho eager, curious crowd also
pressed uud crowded and squeezed aiound tho
doorway, and it required all the efforts of the
police and a lew humane, self-possessed gen
tie-men to keep them off.
Finally tho mass was disentangled, and it
was found that
ELEVEN HAD BEEN KILLED
outright, three badly wounded, aud seventy*
fivo or ouo hundred slightly injured.
The cholera is increasing in Constanti
nople, ond many deaths are daily reported.
A numerous gang of gypilei hate taken
up their abode near Augusta, Ga.
West Virginia Commissioners,
Under the act of The Went V?, Legisla
ture, appointing Commissioners to ascertain
the amoutft of indebtedness due froiu this
State to the State of Virginia, up to January,
1st, 1801, Gen. J. J. Jackson left here on
yesterday morning for Richmond in tho dis
charge of his datios. Hon J. M. Bennett, of
Weston and A. W. Campbell, Esq., of Wheel
ing, tho other two Commissioners, will join
him on the rood. They will upon their arri
val at Richmond, proceed to ascertain tho re
latire amonnt that is dun from each State, in
accordance with tho provisions of the act "to
ascertain ami report tho amount of said debt
then held by persons other than the State of
Virginia, and what said debt was incurred
for, and what amount of this Stato debt was
then held by the Comtaissioners of the Sink
ing Fund aud by the Board of Library Fund
that they ascerrain and report tho amout oi
all investment, then held by the State, their
respective amount and character, and what
portion thereof were productive, and the divi
dends therefrom, and whether any of sueh in
vestments then so held by the State have
since been donated, chanced, converted or dis
po?ed of by tho authorities of said State, and
if so, the amount and how disposed of; that
they ascertain and report the revenue derived
for the fi-cal year ending on tho 80th of Sep
tember, 180U, from all sourceo, by the State
of Virginia, within the present Stato of Vir
ginia, and the amount derived from all sourc
es from tho territory uow composing the
State of West Virginia; and that they re
port nny other relevaut matter deemed prop
er by them."
It will thus be seen that the duties of this
Commission nro very onerous, particularly as
the State of Virginia has appointed no Com
missioners to confor with them. The Gov
ernor in his selection of tint gentleman to
discharge this duty, has shown his usual fore
sight and prudence. Gen. Jackson was an
active member of the Legislature when uio?t
of the debt was created and is very familiar
with the Mjbjivt; Mr. Bennett was for many
years tho Auditor of tho State?was the best
it ever had, and has all tho figures of the
finances of the State at his tongue's end; and
Mr. Campbell is a gentleman of intellect and
financial tact.
We take it for granted that these gentle
men will seek?not to cheat or be cheated,
but to arrive at the accurate proportion of the
debt West Virginia should pay, "without fear,
favor or affection." They have much labor
to perforin and we have no doubt will do it
correctly.? I'tirkrrnlmrg (lozrttj.
Samples of "Pure Government."
The only hope now is in the Republican
party. Around that organization all the
friends of pure government niu-t rally, or we
shall be swamped beneath a tidal wave of of
ficial corru|ti?n.?Republican paper.
For examples of the "pure government"
the Republican party give* the country, see
1. A Republican President at Washington,
who bestows his Cabinet officers iu return for
personal favors and gifts bestowed upon him
2. A Republican Administration which
spends ouo hundred and thirteen millions of
dollars more for the current expenses of Gov.
ernmeut than the last Democratic Administra
tion.
3. A list of three hundred Republican de
faulters, who have pocketed twenty millions
of dollars of the people's money, and have
uever been punished by the Administration.
4. A Republican Administration which
compelled the only member of the Cabinet
who attempted to purify his Department, to
retire from office, so that the thieves and cor
ruplionists could carry ou their plunder un
disturbed.
5. A Republican Congress, which muzzled
the Supreme Court until they could pass a
law by which a Republican President could
pack it.
0. A Republican Congress, which, con
trolled by lobbyists, bus given away, so far as
any revenue to the public is concerned, but
sold, so far as their pockets nro concerncd,
vast tracts and hundreds of millions of acres
of.tho public lands to gigantic corporations.
7. A Republican President, who used tho
secret service money of the Government to
forward a corrupt annexation scheme lor tho
benefit ot speculators in S'an Domingo and
their allies in this country.
Hut why multiply? These specimens of
the kind of "pure Government" tho Repub
lican party gives tho country will do lor the
present. Ought not "tho friends of pure
overnment" to rally for a party whoso crown
iug achievmcnts aro a merccenary Executive,
a profligato Administration, a corrupt Con
gress, and a degraded Judiciary?
f Albany Argus.
The Cheapness of Viiiuinia Lands.?
Tho sales made in Richmoud on Monday last,
under orders from the Court ot Bankruptcy,
indicate tho cheapness of Virgiuia lands, and
hold out inducements to those in the Notth
and West desiring homesteads in tho South,
iu stronger terms than any language we could
use. Figures aro the rhetoric that will iuduce
purchasers theso days, and if tho rhetoric is
not strikingly exemplified below,tuen tho sub
jeet ou whom it is spent is vastly hard to
please. Wc quote tbo figures from tho State
Journal:
190 acres in Essex county, with dwelling
and other buildings fTmreon, situated near
Paul's X roads. Price, 81.7.5 per aero.
403 acres situated in King ami Queen
county, and kuown as the ''Fleetwood Farm,"
near Newton. Price, 83.50 per aero
750 acres, kno?rn as "Jack's Hill," iu
Caroline county. Price, 87.75 per aero.
5S7 acres, known as "Lindsay Hill," im
proved with dwellings, &c situated iu Essex
county, near Loyd's. Price, 80 S7 per acre.
2li0 acres, known as "Monday," in Essex
county, improved. Prico. 88 per aero.
200 acres, known as "Chepultapec," im
proved, near the Munday estate, iu Essex
county. Price, 80,25 p?*r aero.
25 acres, known as "Upshur's," improved,
near Loyd's, iu Essex couuty. Price, 85 80
per acre
07 acre-, known as "Brown's," near Loyd's
unimproved. Price, 82jcrucre.
/Vrilerirktlmnj Herald.
Railroad Condnctui's Cmvent ion.?The
fourth annual session of tho Grand Division
of tho Brotherhood of Railroad Conductors
began nt Cleveland, Ohio, on tho 2d insUnt,
Grand Chief Conductor 0. 8. Moore, of Mar
tinsburg, W. Va. presiding. Maryland wus
represented by Grand Guide Jatues Hutchin
son and Geo. II. Gill. A "Conductors Bro*
thcrhood Mutual Life Insurance Association"
was organized. A rich form of regalia was
adopted. For the ensuing year I, N*. Hodge,
of Maitinsburg, \V. Va. was elected grand
cliieT conductor; Geo. H. Gill of Baltimore,
assistant grand chief conductor and Jatues
llutchenNon, of Biltinioro. grand guide. Tho
convention adjourned on tho 3d inst., to meet
at Louisville, Ky., on tho first Wcducsday iu
November on next year.
New York, November 0,?Theodore B.
Baunson, leader of a gang of bounty and back
pay claim forgers, was arrested hero last oven
ing. It is stated that be manipulated forgod
claims on the Government, amounting to
8400,000, H is headquarters have lately been
at Chicago.
N' E W A 1) V K H T 1 3 B M B N IS.
KOTICE.
1'HERE will be a meetinrof the Preaident and
Director* of the Smiibfleld, Charle*town and
Harper'* Perry Turnpike Company, at the Sap
pingtou Hotel, in C'barlMtown, on Saturday, No
re.iTber 25th. 1871. PRANCIS YATES,
Nor. 14, 1S71? 2t.
'SHERIFF'S sale.
I WILL aril at Public Sale, at MilMlie Mills, the
reeideoce of Thomaa'H. Willi*, on
WEDNESDAY, November 22</, 1871,
the following dcacribrd Property, to aatiafy Execu
tiona in my banda in favor of the NATIONAL
BANK of Martinaburff and other* r?. THOMAS
H. tVILLIS, R. B. WASHINGTON, N. II. WIL
LIS and GEORGE W EICHELUERGER:
Two Horses, four Cows, two Sows;
Ouc Burshear and two Shovel Plows,
One Two-Horso Wagon,
Ouo Log Wagon, Ouo Mower;
Ouo Two Horse Carriage awl Harness;
One MoCOllMlCK REAPER,
Sevan Beds and Bedding
Two Sofas, two Orientul Stoves;
One Cook Stovo and Utensil?,
Ono Ten-Plate and ono Parlor Stove
About 100 Yards of Carper,
Oue Piano, ono Marble-top Centre Table;
Three Mahog'ny Extens'n Dining Tables,
Four Doaeu Mahogany Chair?,
Two Desks, ono Bureau;
Oue Mahogany Stand,
One Barrel ot Vinegar, ic., Ac.
Also, on
THURSDAY, November 23 c/, 1871.
To satisfy the abovo Executions, I will fell
nt "Rock Hall," the residcnco of N, II. Wil
li?, the following Property, to-wit:
Nino head Work Horse?,
Twenty-four head of Cattle,
Forty-ono head of Hog?,
A LOT 01- BACON,
One hundred and fifty Bushels of Oats,
Twenty Tons of Hay, Thirty bus. Wheat;
A Lot of Cnr?, nb(?ut- 1500 bus. Liuie:
Ono McCOK.MICK MOWER,
One Horse Hake, one Buggy Harness;
Two large Four horso Wagon?,
One Oue-liorse Wagon, 2 I lay Carriages;
Six Metts Wauon Harness, ono Corn
Covcrcr;
Kij;ht Double and Singlo-shorel Plow,
Three Hurshear Plow?, Two Harrows;
Two Grain Cradle*, two Wash Stands;
Four lied* and Bedding;
Two Wardrobe*, one Kureau
Two Dining Table*, ono Sideboard j
Ouo Solo, two Dozen Chairs;
Eighty yard* Carpet, twocettr. Chinawaro,
One Oriental Stove, ono Cook Stove;
Table*, buckets &c., &o.
TERMS OF SALEC.I SIf.
J&T SALE POSITIVE.
No property to be removed until settled for.
Salo to commence at each place ?t 10 o'clock,
A. M. T. W. POTTERFIKLD,
W. E. Anderson, Late Sheriff.
Auctioneer.
Nor. n, 1-71 2t.
A VALUABLE TOWN PKOPKHTY
AT
PRIVATE SALE.
rjlHE Subscriber offer*, at Private Sale, bit
House and LotS;
situated on Mildred .Street. Charlestown, Went Va
Extending from Mildred Street to East Street, and
bounded t>y an Alley on the South, and ilie property
uf William Hopkins on the North, containing
O.NK ACRB OK GROUND.
The Improvement* cooiiit ol a
TWOSTOHV I'ltAMK HOUSE,
with Hark Building arc! Out-Kitchen attached, all
as good as new having been in use only two years.
The house i? conveniently arraugeil, with a good
Cellar uuder front building, and a Cistern at
kitchen door.
The Stable *nd other out-buildings are in good
Repair, being nearly new.
A Flourishing Young Orchard ol Sixty Peach
Trees, in full bearing, and Twenty Apple Trees
with a variety uf other Fruits areon the premises.
The property is Iwautifully situated, affording
the finest view of the town and surrouadiug
country.
Pereons wishing further information with regard
to terms, fcc., may call upon the subscriber, who
resides thereon
If not Sold by the lit of next December the prop
erly will be for Rent. JOHN McKNIGHT.
Nov. 14, 1S71?3t.
VALUABLE FKOPKItTY FOlt SALE.
All the Eeal Estate
OF the lata Richard Henderson is offered for sale
privately, consisting of the fann known aa
Ellerslie, of a mile below the Halltown Depot,
W incbester Branch U. k O. R. R., containing
11)0 Acres
Of aa good land as any in the county, with a stream
of never failing water through the barn-
yard. The House contains five Rooms, I
Pantry, Kitchen, Itc. Two Out-lluild- I
ings?one wiih four rooms, and one with I
two, with sufficient building* for farm I
purpose*.
ALSO
"BEALL-VIEW,"
Half-mile above Halltown,containingOne Hundred
and Seventy-two and a half Acres, twenty acres
Wood land. The iarm is In fine condition and laid
off iutosix fields-five of which are watered by a
lane to the Fl -wing Spring Run which passes
through it. Itbason it a Stone House containing
four room*.
The shove propert? is well-known and needs no
recottmeudation. For terms, ke.. apply to
D E. HENDERSON.
Executor of Richard Henderson, dec'd.
Halltown, Jeff. Co W. Va., July II, 1^71- tf.
'IMIE ABOVE PROPERTY WILL BE SOLD AT
Putolic Auction.
In Front of the Carter House in Charlestown.
Jeffersot. County, We*t Virginia,
On MONDAY, January 1872,
Unles* sold privately before that dato.
TERMS ?One third Cash, the balance in oneand
two years-secured on the property. Possession
given on the 1st day oi April, 1372
D E. HENDERSON,
Executorof Richard Henderson, dee'd.
November U, 1871.
TUST PUBLISHED?"Women, or Chronicle* of
?J the late War {"?Sequel to "The Holrnmbs," by
Mis* M. T. Magill. Encourage Home Literature.
For sale at W.S.MASON'S.
nOOFF'S Celebrated Extract Malt-fresh in
voice just arrived. w. s mason.
BROMO Chlorolun?the most powerful disin
fectant known W.S.MASON.
MASON'S White Oil prepared with great care
aud warranted in all case* where Liniments
are required,inferior to none. Prepared and for sale
only by W.S.MASON.
LIGHT Brown Cod Liver Oil recommended for
its purity, for sale by W. S
November 14. 1871.
'?'HE Reliance Non-Explosive Attachment for
1 Kerosene Lamp. Every family burning light
in their chambers all night should use the attach
ment. thereby insuring themselves and little unes
Irom all danger b) Coal Oil Explosions. Fur sale
by C. E. BELLER.
Harper's Ferry, Nov. 14, H7I.
BREHMERS LIGHT BROWN COD LIVER
OIL?This preparation come* recommended
l.y several of tho most eminent Physicians of our
cuunty as a genuine Cod Ltver Oil, remarkably free
fruin all unpleaiaut odur and flavor, and not likely
to disagree with delicate stomach*, fresh and gen
uine, to b* had at C E. HELLER'S.
A NICE lot of Photographic Mbum*ju*t receivad
and for aale by C. E. HKLI.KIt
HE largest and bestsslectcd dock ol Pen Knives,
Ratura and Udiea' Scissor* to belound in liar
per'* Perry are at C. E. RELLLR'S.
MICHIGAN Fine Cut Chewing Tobacco; also,
Uraveley's plug with Cigar* of allgradra;
Durham. Prideof Virginia and May Queen Smok
ing Tobaccoa to be fo nd at C. E. HELLER'S.
THE largett stock of fine Bohtmian Toilet Setts,
Vases, Panan Statuary, Cologne Bottle*,
French, German and Engfiih Extract* for the
handkerchief, Perfumed Satchel*, Shaving Com
pound*, Drntine'* Hair Prrparationa, Teetii, Nail
and Hair Brushes, Cosmdic* fur th* Skin, Powder
Puff* and Boxea, Colgate'* and all the firal manu
facturer ol Soap*. China Mug*, Cup* and Saucer*,
Pocket Book* and Porimonie* in any drug (torn in
the county ara at C. E. BELLER'8.
Harper'* Ferry, Nor, 14, IS71.
T
N K W A 1) V i! 11 T1 S JS M N T a
OUNDUHANGrO.
BLISS, KF.ENE A: CO'S Fluid Extract,
Toe wuniiefiul remedy lor L'aui*tr, SyphilM, Scrof
ula, Ulceri, Pulmonary CompUiata, sail Rbcum,
and nil Chronic Blood Dfieatea, it prepart d irom the
Genuine Cimriuraiigo iiurk, from Loja, Ecu
ador. iccurid by the atatatance ol the authoriti-a of
that country. Ittathe moit rfftthet, prompt and
ctrlain alterative and blood purifier known.
Sold by ail Druggiita, in piiVt buttlci, having on
them our oamc. tra<.o mark aud directinna. .Send
lor a circular. Office and Laboratory, No. 60 Cedar
Sl ,N Y.
MORTO.N HOUSE, a New Southern Novel,
by th? author ol "Valeiie Aylmer." 8vo.
paper, four illuilrationt. Price 1; cloth 81.611.
Ititattorrol the South, thirty yeari ago, and
the tcenc it laid entirely in that region.
The yotnig authored, who it a lady of North
Carolina, hat in her tecond cfTurt improved upon
thcfirtt. Htm/rtt by mail, to any addrett, on the
receipt of thr price.
APPLE! ON ft CO Publithrrt. New York.
^WJ OE AWAKE
n $10.00 Hench Oil Ctiromoa?tulijrr.ta LIFE
SIZfc.-cxT^tite/flf iuin'/Mof original Oil Paint
tngt, GIVEN AH'AY tu ertry tubtcriberto
nENBY WABD BEECHER'S
GREAT LITERARY. RELIGIOUS, WEEKLY
NKW8PAPEH. Attend having great tucceta!
One took 8 1.000 namrt in 3 mootni; another 672
in 35 davt; another MM in one week, on j 4? in one
day, and many othert equally *rll, making from
86 and 910 to $10 per day. Takrt on ii*ht 1 An
u*d arent who Anoic*. tavt: ?'l think It the btitbuii
nm foreanvaiHis ictr ojfmd. Sorry I did uol en
gape tootier." Pnyt better than any book agency.
A rare ch?nre to mtke money.
LOCAL A GEM'S >VA.\TED.
Intelligent mtnand wghhh wanted everywhere.?
If you with good territory, tend tarly lor circular
ami term*! J. H FORD ft CO 27 Park Place,
New York; II Bromflcld St., Botton Matt; 295
Weil Maditon St., Chic go. 111.
EVERY FARMER
It invited to tend hit mfdrrw and receive Free
a ml Pontage Paid a copy of the
A ME Id CAN FARM JOURNAL,
The moM Practical, the Beit and Cheapen lllui
trated Ac (cultural ptprr in the United Siatea
Only 75 CiM.ts per year. Send fo a lyccimen
copy. Addrett MILLER. LOCKE ft CO
Toledo, Ohio.
WHf I HOUSEHOLD 3IAGA
yy O ZL\E it olfrred free during
the coming year to every aubtcrilirrol Mcrry'a
Muaeum, the ljn|rdn Bad*. Pomrrov'n Onnncrat,
whichittu LViUiuivui?n7TTT7i^mt^|ilo^uTrity.
Hornr?^jrrrlrv. Jiiinc* Part>-n. Throdorf Tillnn,
I nam n. tc., writo To^eve number.
In clubbing, u uUert thrue firit-clatt periodicals
lorth. pi ice of one of tbc-tii. A variety of premi
uma oil equally liberal termt. It it an original,
fifi?i-rliiwH nn?i?i.?ii". Vulume X Irgina with
Jan ISVJ 'Inrfe tinninrn f0^^[[cc? Addreta
s s wnon \..*i.nf\,i, T"v"
Thr olHcit and mn?t reliable Inatitution for obtain
ing n Mercantile Education.
XJ- Practical biiiinc** turn in Inatructora.
For inforinati 'ti wi itr for a circular to
_1? DUFF Ac sitys. PitUbitrgh, Pa
AGENTS WANTED FOR
THE YEAR 13ATTLES
I he Hiftorj of tlie War between France anil
Germany,embracing aUu Parii uudrr (lie Coin
inline. IfiO illuatratinna; (42pagca; price, $2.*0;
5'',000 copira already yolil The only complete
Work. Nothing equal* it toaell. Maklnir H?,(KI0
copiea per month now In Enirl??h and Ueiiran.
Term* uneqimlril. Outfit <t| 25. Addrepa H. 8.
GOOnsPFKI) fc CO. 37 Park Row. New York.
Solicited by MUNN St CO.,
Publi hera Scientific Am<rican,
37 Park How, N Y.
Twenty-five ycara' expciienco
Pnuiphlcta cout ?ining Patent Laws, with full di
rection# how toohtaiu Patt nt?. Iiec
A bound volumeol IIS png'?, containing the
N<W Census by countica and all large citlra, 140
Enirravinga ol Mechanical .Movement*. Putint
La* a aiiiTrulea for obtaiuing PateStlf.mailed on re
ceipt of 'Joccnta
'pilE Ilarrlslnirg Family CornshclliT Co.
want Aueuta lo rcll their Family Ciirnthellera.
Beat inveution of ll.r kind. SHU at night. P'lfita
Inrge. For circular*, aililrc#* EL'GEMESN YDER,
Treasurer, l.nck llox 9. Harriabnrg. Pa.
ESTEY ORGAN'S
With Vox J iibltaritnud Vox Humana Trrmolo
PnaaeM a beauty and variety ol tone and perfection
oi mechaniain that in uncounted. Piatine, Oigana
and Me lode na rented ?o iliat the rent will pa v for
them. D. II. BALD W IN.Ceneial Agent. I&S Weal
Fourth St Cincinnati. Ohio. Dicker Brotbera,
Chickering and Valley Grm.Pianoa
AGENTS Wanted ?Ageniunake more money
ut w.irlc for ua than nt anything elae. Hueinenn
light aad permanent. Partict'lr.r? Irre. G Sun
bom h Co., Fine Att I'uUiih ri, Portland,Maine.
(Ji i O r A MONTH Hone forniahed. F.x
penaeapnid II. H.SUA W, Alfred,Me.
AVOID QUACKS?a victim of early India
cretior., auainir nervoua debility, premftture
decay. ?*tc.. hnvinc tried in vain every advertised
reined v. haa d'acovered a almp emeanaof ielf-rure,
which ho will arnri to!il?< fellow aufTertra. Addrraa
J. If. REEVES, 78 Naaiau St., N. Y.
November 14,1871.
B F. LKWIS*
PHOTOGRAPHER.
GALLERY on Court Houie Square, near Hawka'
Coach F.u tory. lit U prepared t? furni*>h moat
any Picture deaired. Old Picturea of cieceaied
peraora copied and enlarged to any aize deaired.
Card Photograph*, Porcelain Picturea and Geinr,
taken ai well in cloudy aa in clear weather?in fact
cloudy weather ia hi at for making Picturea of per
eon*of light complexion and blue i-yea
[f f- Do not fail to give him a call. Ilia motto ii
to pleaae.
Nov. 14, IS7I?If.
BUCKWHEAT FLOUR.-Freah Buckwheat
Flour juat received hv
N?v. 14, IV7I. KEARSI.EY At SHEERER.
(1. A. and Fine Salt, Grain and Ground Pepper,
1 Cayenne Pepper and Sage, for aale by
Nov. 14,1571. KF.ARSF.EY A SHEERER.
NOTICE TO CONTBACTOIIS.
PROPOSALS for Work on the Court Houae ai
Charleatowu will be received until the Ut day
of December, 1571. fur Plnatering, Painting, Tin
work, &c fic. The plana and apecifictllona are
open to public inapection at the Court Room in
Charleatowu. J.OGAN OSBURN,
JOHN J. I.Ot K.
JAMES II MOURE.
JOHN G COCKRI1.I,,
November 7,1971. Commiiaioneri.
OlOVEBjSEED.
TWANT to pnrcbaao one Thnuaand Rurhela
CLOVER SEED Will pay the hirheat market
price in Ca.h. E AI. AlSQllTII, Sa.
Nov 7. h7t?3t. [Free Preaacopy.J
i'HESlf LISI1!.
I HAVE juat burned a Superior KILN of LIME,
for aale at the Kiln. Apply at once.
JOHN F. SIIAULL,
Nov. 7,1871?31. Near Mlddleway.
PtIBLIC_SALE.
HAVING rented rnv firm and intendinirto quit
farming. I willofTrrat Public Sale at my real
deure, about 2 inll?a from Leetown. alonir the
Opequon, and adjoining the farm of Col. G. A.
Porlerfieid, on
WEDXESDA Y, 22il instant,
the following
PERSONAL PROPERTY,
to-wit:
f> heud of good Work Horses,
12 head of Cattle, mostly young, among
tile 111 3 good Cows,
2 line Yorkshire Sows and ono fine Berk*
shire Hoar,
8 Harshcar Plows,
5 double Shovel nnd 2 singlo do. Plows,
2 new Harrows; 1 Corn Covorer,
1 fir>t?rato Wagon and Hod,
Wagon and Plough Gears,
A lot of Forks, Rakes nnd Mowing Scythes,
1 Muggy Jluke, and many other articloa not
necessary to mention.
TERMS OF SALE.-A Credit of Nine Month*
will be given on all auma above Ten Dollara, by the
purchaier giving Bund with approved Security.?
ilonda to bear intereat Irom day of aale, unleia paid
at maturity; of and under that amount will be
Caah.
00*Sale to commence at 10o'clock, A. M.
TUOMAST. VANMETRE.
Nov. 7, 1871-31,
Mi
N E W ADVERTISE M K NT g.
The
WATERLOO
THE PANIC OF TIIE GREAT PAIL
CAMPAIGN.
A GRAND GIANT SWINDLE!
THE ADVANCE IN DRY GOODS!
No Came for It!
Only hiatorj icpeating itaelf-Migbt over Rigkt
ll ia only the Mich (rowing day by day Richer,aid
the Pour Poorer day alter day. Hence we throw
out atuonf ihe mabti, drlvea and Iradrra and
apecialliea, to check thi* inaaoe, tbia terrible aad
criminal practki of Waating Money,lor tb?paltry
conaitleratioa vt a few weeka' credit
Such aa Maionvilla Mue'ine at IT, Batea at 16,
Andioacoggin at If]', Jeana at W, Merrimaca at j|.
Clark'a O. N. T. Spoal Cm ion, 7r. apool.
Hlanketa and cats* of Klanorla aad Tickiaga al
old time pricea. We will ahow you pricea that *Hl
aober you. In behalf of your tittle onea, thai nay
never be cruabed by that adveraily and miafortaae
that yuu and I bave met and metered, do w? brp
you in the apirit of the moat intrnae earneatntia
and aolicitode. to acrr your money and bay your
goooe where you gel tha beat value for tbe leait
tnoney. Joal Ibink of tbe money too waita In ona
abort year in pa jin* credit pricea for Button*, Pina,
Tape*. Spool Cotton, Neetlfea, Shoe Lacra, Hooka
and Bye#, and rf member that when you branch out
into finer goodt the waafe la much heavier.
LISTEN TO THE VOICE OF REASON
And Trutt your own Judymenl.
TFe modern method al maaterlag theae monopo*
liea taaaquelcked by ecience or atraiegy tbeawiud.
ling ajraiem 01 tbeae Antedeluvian Land Pirate*,
who buy twice a year u, on long time, pay three
pruble and in turn aellon lunger time?demaadiag
lour pricea for their gooda. What about Laurel D.
Atlantic aud LawrenceStandard*at I2J
What do you think of Lancaater, Auioikeag and
Batea Uinghama at 16, whtn I? will not Buy them
ol the Agenta? What about Standard Bieaehtd
Mualina at 121. when the Habitat figure for a ihou
aanrt tale* ia 13} al the Mill*'
Tltua have we met them, thua bave we alood by
(he people; and they have on innumerable octa
atona eiprtaatd tbeir approval ol our Titaa atrag
gle to amath down theae pricea; bave rsprefttd
their gratification and amazrmrnt at pricea that
baffled and tiuprfied their judgment*. (key think*
ing all the while that Ihe a lory of theae Wfady,
M onahine Mercbent* might be true thai we bad
indeed atolcn our grand Landilidta.
These Prices Kill their Business.
brilliants Alpaca* al 30 quotrd at 46,
Pure Mohair Alpaca* a I 40, Caae price 62,
Rich Luetre* and Silk Warpa 66, Regular
Price 76,
Magnificent Beanlie* in Drcaa
(Jjoda nt 37}, worth 57},
Handanme Drraa Guoda al 26,
Auction B rgaiuaat20.
?V have them at 12}.
Dreaa good* marked in plain figurea 76 in all the
Broadway hou*e?, we run at 60; laving you26ceble
a yard iaaomrthing. 82.60 to $4,t'0?avrd in buy
ing a dreta ia worth your attrntton and they mho
anvc your pockttbook in thrae trying timea,de*erve
the tlmnkaand love of Man and Woman. Coracle
away down under thelow waltrmark. Lacra, Em*
broiderie* and fancy work, at pricte that will tbama
tnr nlai-k dayaof ruin and panic of '67. Hoaiery
for Men, Women, Children and Habit*; Ribbon*,
of every dracription and rvery com eivalle Color.
Moat deairable and magnificent Styka.
OF
1
X 0 V 0 S D E R
GIGANTIC BUTCHERY
In These (Ms:
Velvetcena, Velvet*, Salin*, Silka and Pluibr*,
Flower*, Feather*, all lrom the Auction Sale* of
three large importing liou?et ol Leonard Street.
To I he young aipirant ior Mercantile l?me, we
Coint tu the tliorl road to aurcrr*?buying at the
otmiu price*; living in (he Auction Room* *i,d
idling <|uick upon cue *hoit, hcoett profit lor cath
alone.
THERE IT IS IN A NUTSHELL?TMAT'a TEE
STORY.
To biin who would travel the otberdown hill dead
inarch we would *ay Get i>ut ol the way, take
i'rut'ic arid or-Koity whUkey, for yonder
mir tint Jatnl Uend lull# tt.at mud *uoticr or laur
cruih you, high pricea ami the credit aystem.?
What chance i* there fvr ji u ita a contact with
f;aiiiu*, biutu* KCd ambition ii. a drugg It againit
lope, with our (xrai.it, crushing Wadei* and *ptcial
tit*, acattertil biuadcaat our the country? We
with tu light the wtong, and believe the ginj of
battle* i* ever with the right. Whi n bankruptcy
and ruin overtake* the victim we are aiwaya thri e
with the AMERICAN' Dul.LMt. tVhn the hi.ni
tner ol the Aurttiiti.er fall* upon nine graml (ml
gigantic wimiihake, liatun f<>r t-ur name. Winn
dita?ur aiana the tottering uiiilikkalit In the lac'r,
and gold a>uue will*avehim,our pilferer*aie there
with that everladir g rcmruy. And when tiade ia
dull and butiiue* (lack, aiid la?l and alow mer
chant* aaleep or drunk, and the mercantile world at
a aland atill?wailing lor ooiiieihitig lo turn up?
our (harp (hooter* aud akirmi?h line, under the in
terne impulara that direct with an unerring and un
teen force* Hrlke the drciiive blow and tne day is
won, and the victory our* alone Hence thr rain,
deludve and chi.'di(b tale of doleu goort*? thia ig
aotant and malignant cry again*! JuefiVn Bar
gain*. They buy l)re** Goed* irgularly on time
(twice n yiar *iyle) at cent* and charge 60?we
buy iheaame thiuir in the A union Koounat 23 and
tell at *25, ll*nce we atole tin in A big houte on
llroadway got into a pinch, had to rai*e money or
co uud. r, threw FIFTY SIX THOUSAND DOL
LARS worth ol
LADIES' FURS,
HATS,
TRIMMINGS AND
FANCY SILK GOODS
Into the Auction Houaeof Hoyt. Wheeler k Brad
ley, upon lad Monday, the great Jew Holiday.?
We got o*ir aliare, and we claim that we cat, give
lhe*e good* tu the mnifca at half their value. Do
you call tbi* robbery Rathrr the advanced ami
icieniific idea* that nave driven from tht field lor
rver that relic of barbaiUrn-the old, ruttcn.de
itructive
Orodit Syetcm.
You muil adopt our *y?lem or *larve? niu*t throw
away the old flint lock and take up the thirty *houler;
you cau't expect to live under the terrildedUadvan
tage at which we hold you down.
20 Dozen Kid Gloves;
80 Gross Reauiiful Silk Dress Buttons;
Liucn llaudkerchiefs?3 for 25 ct*.
20 Pieces of Cossimere, just in,
from 75 cents up.
Thu* we are fighting day and night for money,
for reputation and lor the prople.
"EC
THESE PITILESS AND MERCILESS AUCTION
MACHINES.
Thi* ia the muaic and thoio the pricea that crowd
our dure* whilat other tiierchaut* alet p upon their
counter*. We claim to be working on the ihort
line, the right road, have the intide track, com
mand the tiiuation and acknowledge no equal.
BUT IjKT
THE MASSES SPEAK FOIl THEMSELVES.
What a volume ia there in the eoormuua amount ol
our buaiuct*
Low pricea in everything. Theie etcrn and stob>
born fact* are the dindlleat weapon* ol acathing
latire and infective that (tnaih up in a moment the
lite-long hope* of big profit* and infernal pricea;
tho(e dcluaive dreama that have wrrckcd many a
noble cralt upon that deluaive ruck ol *redit, that
might have Ixen midrraaof the Sea*. Hut big
profit* and lung credit have awept the in without
mercy or discrimination into that vaat vortex, and
the Auction* have placed them and their* into our
hand* lor the benefit ol the MASSES, THE MIL
LIONS AND THE MONEY.
The*eare *elf evident truth* that never die, that
will live lorever?until tho last wave of time beat*
up' n the ahoret of eternity.
GOODS DELIVERED EVERYWHERE FREE.
CASH DOWN.
Country Producc taken in exebanga for
Good* and alwaya *old without profit.
SETH M. TIMUERLAKE.
Gbobob W. Tavlob,
C. E. Timskblakr, Salesmen.
R. E. Timbkblakb,
L. L. SAturB.
Oct 34,1671.
Henry county twist chbwino
Tobacco?the very bed Tobacco extant.?
Ugara froin 16c each loll for 6c?the belt In town.
Try tbent?no humbug.
GEO. T. LIGHT It CO.
ORANGE TONIC HITTERS, prcf.r.d bj
our*elvei,al*o fur*ale. Pbr*ician* prescribe
them for Dyipe^*i% GEO.T. LIGHT k LO.
ORDERS FOR nOOKi AND MUSIC
receive ipecial attention.
Oct.31,1*71. GEO. T. LIGHT k LO.