IteYleW f tlie tTetk.
Iowa's Itepubllean majority is 40.000.
Cholera mill rges In Constantinople.
Democracy's mjority la Texas is 40,000,
which they would gladly exchange for
the majority in Iowa. restilence and
famine continues to rage in Persia. The
area of the Chicago fire exceeds 2,000
acres. That of the great fire of Rome, A.
D. 64, over which Nero didn't Jiidle, was
about 1308 acres. That of the great fire
of London, A. D. 1000 was about 430 acres
Every vote cast in ,the Mexican Con
gross when the Presidential election took
place, 109 in all, was given to Juarez.
Ilia opponents did not vote. Kansas has
got into the fire ring. The prioe of tic
kets for the ball to the Grand Dake Alex
is, at New York, is 10. Cheap at the
money, considering how scarce are Grand
Dukea. We wish the figures could be
settled. California has hot and dry
weather, and fifes in tho mountains.
Evrthquake shock were felt at Augusta
and "Wwoasset, (Me.) on Thursday after
noon. A discovery of gold in Winnipeg
U announced. Montrel has given $100,
000 in aid of Ihe Chicgoans. The Jews
of New York have contributed liberally
towards the relief of Chicago. Eighty
nfno newspaper establishments were des
troyed by the fire in Chiciflro. Laoonia.
N. II., had an earthquake shook at raid
nMit.last Satarlsy, October 15th. It
has bco.omn the onstom for some pirti of
NewEaaUnd to be shocked in October.
The accounts published of the fires in
w."strn wood, and on western prairies,
iuvolving western towns, villages and
f rms. show that, as a whole, they are
fully rqnal in terror and dostructivenes'
to tho Chicasro cabimify. After makinar
allowance for the ex usurer tion tint is
natural nnaar sutsh visitation, it is n
cloar as flmss can can make it that the
p-oplo of Wse pirts of the Northwest
bare been subjected to evils that are with
out rreiedent or parallel. Wisconsin
on1 TflAlu7AT bear tho weight of these
evils, thongh somo other States do
not altogether escape. It is assorted that
the fires were not caused by human care
lassness, as was at first snpposed to be the
OHA, but by an electrical tornado, which
destroyed everything in its course, a
course nf wind and fire, exceeding any
thing told of the deadly eamiel. This,
however, is told only of tho Wisconsin
firrs, and more than 1.500 persons, it is
aided, were burnod to death in the torn i
do's tr ok, which was ten miles wide.
The loss of life through all these fires
must bo larire, but perhaps tho dead ore
tho most fortunate of the victims, as the
survivors, stripped of everything even to
their hkins, have an iron winter before
them, that must b3 full of misery, tho
the only harvest it can yield. Tho de
ft ruction of proppr'y was enormous. It
is put at $100,000,000 in Michigan alone
doubtless a rouh estimate, and an ex
aggeration of a fearful fact. Thursday,
O.itobcr TOih, wa3 the ninetieth anniver
sary of the surrender of tho Anirlo Gar
man army and the British fleet under Lord
Cornwallis r.t Yorktwn. to the combined
Un.l and naval forces of America und
Franco, commandol by General Wash
ington th Comte de Rochsmboui, and
tho Cimte do Grass?, an event that vir
tually closed the war of the American
R solution. Ten years more and a cen
tury will have thrown its mists around
ths turning military event of our history.
Tha same dy was the seventh anniver
M.ryof General Sheridan's final victory
over Oeneral Erly, ono of the most bril
liant and uneful sucofses of the secession
war. Si the dy is a great one in our
bt. ii i!s, and deserving to be held in last
T..; r. men.branre, as it will be. Charles
O'Conor has been at piloted to help the
N-w York Attornry Generiil do nothing,
thit is help bring the Tammany Rin
tojn-tiofv. That faroe is pretty nearly
played cut. Tweed Co., are lik-ly to
too many for the other side, and U
i i the noses of the ringleaders of thpir
.us. The only chance there ever can be
f.r bringing the Ring to tbo ringbolt
v.nst b found in a Republican victi.ry in
Now York State.
Mutilated Cikrencv. The Secre
tary of the Treasury is engaged with Gen.
Fpir.nerin consideration of some more
satisfactory method than the present fbt
the redemption of mutilated currency. The
pl.in which seems likely to be agreed upotj
will provide that where more than one
half of the original note i3 presented in a
single piece, the government will redeem
it at tho value of the whole, but when
133 than one-half is offered the govern
ment will decline to afford relief. Thu
measure is favorably regarded by both
the Secretary and the Treasurer.
How IT OkiOINATKD The story oi
tin cow and the kiroseoe lamp having
been the origin of the Chicago fire ii
squelched by tho sffi davits of the ownerc
of the property, who swear that then
was no fire in iheir stable that night, an?
that their cows were milked before dark
This is unfortunate, for the lesson tanght
by the supposed origin of the coi fligra
tion in connection with' kerosene might
have bpen the means of saving miny r
human life ry causing more card to be
used in handling the v fl .mmable mate
rial. The origin of the firp, therefor-,
till remains a mystery.
A Rrigs of TekKok. A reijjn o'
terror is reported in the region of Soutl
Carolina covered by the President' proc
lsmation of martial law; and upon tin
property of citizens who have Aid depre
dations, it is given out, are committed b
neror s and other evil-dispo-ed persr-ts
and a doubtful fight is reported as having
taken place between a band of Ka-Klux
and the United States troops on Broad
River. This is unpleasant intelligence
bat the most curious feature of it is that
about "citizsns who have fljd." Why
have tbey fled?
Tak Lost Steamer Coburn. The
dteamer R. G. Coburn was lost on Lak
ilnron on the 12th inst. Two of her boats
have been washed ashore near Kincardine
Ontario, one empty, the other having in
her two dead bodies, those of a colored
man and boy. The Coburu had five boats,
ono was ttive, two were fonnd with per
sons aliva in them, and two are now fonnd
with no one living- It can hardly be
otherwise than that the persons who
failed to sava their lives in tha boats per
ished. In all probability tbey number as
many as thirty, at the lowest estimate,
and anion them are doubtless the captain,
Gilbert Demout, Indian Agent Smith and
his wife, Mjr A wood.and all the ladies
on board, of whom there ore reported to
have been eight. From what can be
learned of the scenes during the last
hours of the steamer, tho ladies very like
ly went down with the boat, either un
able to remain ontid9 r lacking the
hardihood. It seen.8 "iiielf, too, that
several men went down with her, as seve
ral were teen ia the cabin just before ehe
flnk.
Late Dairy Market.
Cheese. Fully 5,000 boxes of cheese
were rffsred at Uiica, Monday, though
only 3,700 wereeistered. No sales were
made that we could hear of. Buyers bid
13o. freely, and lSlo. was offered for one
lot and refused. Probably 13Jo. would
have bought a large proportion if not all
that was put upon the market, but i to
io. was an impassable gnlf between buy
er and seller.
The receipts in Ne v York for the week
ending Saturday, were 20,252 boxes and
the shipments were 10,072 boxes. The
oable was 55s., gold closed at 1121, ad
the highest quotation for cheese was 13!o
For the corresponding week last year, the
receipts were 28.270 boxes and the ex
ports were 12,022 boxes. The cable was
67s. 01., gold closed at 113, and the high
est quotation for cheese was 1512.
The low price of cheese at tho present
time, as compared with that of last year,
is owing to the lower price in England
whatever may bo the cause of tho lower
price there. Possibly it is the large sup
ply of American cheese sent forward, or
the large make of English cheese, or the
low price of provisions, or ft combination
of dealers, or all of these causes combined.
But all this does not alter the fact that
cho3se is low in England worth only
about 50s. and that our dealers c in not
pay tha present prices here and sve
themselves without an advance in tho
tho English market. Daring tho past
week, we have been shown letters from
New York, naming dealers and buyers,
which said that most of tho cheese bought
at Littla Falls and Fort Pliin a waek ago
was sold for shipment for fully one half a
cent less than it was reportel was paid
for it in the country.
This fact shows one cf two thing:
that money was lost on the cheese, or that
that thero was Forao understanding by
which tho prices quoted were not received
by tho manuf-uturera. Certain it is that
buvers can not Dav 10 to 14. f-r cheese
J a V
and sell it for 5Gs. in England, without
losing money. And this fact brings our
factorymcn to faco the alternative of
takinar Ices or holding for a riso in the
English market. The home market, it is
calculated, will take about 2,000 boxes a
week from now until the 1st of May, or
between 50.000 p.nd GO.000 boxes. This
is supposing our home dealers have laid
in their winter supplies. Many proba
bly have done so, under the apprehension
that chor-f e will riso in price. Some pro
bably huva held bnck, aud we will sup
pose that we can dispose of 100,000 boxes.
This will leave not fir from 500,000 to be
shipped in the next six rnouthp, or an
averago of about 20,000 thousand a week.
The shipments from this time last year to
the 1st of May were about 420,003 boxes
This is a rough calculation which anyone
am muke for himself from the figures
which wo furnished last week, and to
which h9 can attach whatever importance
he thinks proper.
There seems to be no doubt that the
right kind of cheese fetches a good price
in England. At tho butter and cheese
fair held at Froma on the 27th ult., most
of the cheese, aceordin to tho Mark Lane
Express, fill at C5 to 75s., and some of it
wont as high as HOi. But in London, on
the 28:h, tte finest factory-made Ameri
can cheese Bold readily at 5S., and inferi
or qualities went as low as 44s., ond was
not in good demand. In Glasgow, on the
the 27th, fancy Cheddar sold at C3-., and
nret-cl-ias ut 5G. to Cls.
Butter. Trims Hnd faney grades are
in demand are alwxys iu dem ind at
pajiug figures. Other grades are plenty
and wlow of sale. A really fine article
will bring here 23 to 30a., but little that
is offering will go at more than 26 to 2Si'.
We see that fancy balf-firkins and tubs
are wcrth in N-w Y irk 32 to 35 i ud the
best Welsh tubs brirg 30 to 33 Prime
3iate os at 28 to 30.! and prime Welch
at the s me fiurpj.
Wood Consumed The loo- m tives
of this eonntry bve c n-um it ia s iid,
during ihi past twtlve ruontHs, $3i,0(K),
000 wor'h of wood and it is estimated
tht, 150.C00 aeres of th b :st timber lund
in tha Republic are cut dnwn every year
to supply 'he demand fjr railway tits
a'oLS.
A Veksatit.k Foi.rncuN. InHtiii.
D innelly, of Minnesota, in a recent npeeo.h,
83oke as follows in regard to his recent
change in rolitics
A toed deal bn beeu s.iil nh-":iif tnv rr
turninir to trie Republican p-.rty. I d'
not feel that I was out of that ptrty. I
may have liot otib 1 g over tbe trace", bu'
I was in tb harne-B all the wl!il (Great
laiisrVte-r If there was any crime in
kiiking tht !e out of tho tracer my de
fence will have to tie that of the boy who
went fishing on Sunday. A p-eaoher saw
him sitting on the river's bank. "My
son," said he, "don't you know you are
committing a great s'n to fi-h on the Sb
.a uTtr lit
batn day r "wan,- sum the hoy, "it
can't bo i o ureat sin for I hain't k itched
nuthin." (Uproariou laughter). I ran
npon the platform of I matins DoDnelly
I still regard it ns a gotd, sounil, substan
tial platform, but thpre isn t enough to
make a party out of. (Tumultuous ap
plaue). In fast, my ft hud, I found that
the temperature whs incren-ing at the
rate of one decree for every fitty-'our feet
I deeend61. 1 got so hot I conclu led
was going to the d 1. (Ltughter)
Now I don't think a man ought tet go t(
the d 1 cimply to prove that he isti'i
afraid to go to the d 1. So I to. k the
back track. I came up like a half drowned
gopher. (Tremendous laughtet).
Sleep-Walking. One of the greatest
feats of sleep-walking on n cord was late
ly performed by a married lady who re-
Hides at Onondaga South Hollow. At
about, one o'c'ook Saturday morning last,
the lady dreamed that her f ither, who re
sides near Hastings, Oaweirn County, was
very n-.K M nao sent tor tier to visit him
immediately. She arose from hpr bed
dressed nerseir, ami started, on foot to
Liverpool, where she thought she couli
take the cars on tbe Northern Railroad
for Hastings. She arrived at Liverpool
and stopped at tbe bouae of Mr. Fay,
justice of the peace of the town of Salina,
a little after daylight. During nil tbif
time the lady was sound asioep and did
not awake until after arriving at Mr.
Fay's housp. Hi r fet t were sore and one
cf her anklee badly swolleu from her long
tramp, a d'staBCj cf not 1-ns th-m fifteen
miles.
Dangerous An old lady read aa
item in one of the papers the other day
describing how a grindstone burst in a
saw factory and killed four men. She
just happened to remember that there
was a small grindstone down in her cel
lar leaning np against the wall. So Bhe
went out and. got an accident insurance
policy, and then, summoning the hired
girL and holding the pie-board in front of
Der, eo mat ii tbe tning exploded her face
wonld not be injured, Bhe had the stone
taken ut in the alley, where twentv.fonr
buckets of water wer thrown on It, and
a stick was stuck ia the hole bearing a
placard marked Dangerous." She says
its a mercy the whole house was not
blown to pieces by the thing before this.
THE RUTLAND
Itliddlelmry.
We shall publish in Friday's Her
ald an article entitled "Middlebury in
1825 and in 1871," with comments.
A young man, Dolard Gauthier, son
of E. N. Gauthier of this place, died in
our village last Tuesday, aged 19 yeers.
This young man was highly respected by
our citizens, and much beloved by bis fam
ily and immediate friends. IJis untimely
death leaves a void not easily, filled.
A sad case of insanity occurred in
our village the past week. Mr. Patrick
Carney, a native of Ireland, but a resident
among us for the last 35 years, had been
at work hard through the day, (bing a
very industrious man) and coining home
retired to rest. In the night the neigh
borhood was aroused by th most terrible
screeching, and it was fonnd to proceed
from the residonco of Mr. Carney. The
neighbors rallied and found the unfortu
nate man in a terrible state of insanity.
It required the united efforts of four men
to hold him. He ran through ths streets
screaming at the top of his voice. Through
the week he was in charge of kind friends
and confined. It is a sad case, truly. He
is a very honest, hard working man, and
his family are thrown into the deepest
affliction by this calamity. Uuder such
circumstances, the deepest sympathy of
our community is heartily extended to
the afflicted sufferer and his family. Hh
will undoubtedly have to bo conveyed to
Brattleboro far treatment.
Among tho many pleasant things in
this life is a good hotel, where tho travel
er and business man can find in their
travels good pleasant accomodation. Iu
the course of my bussiness last week I
found suoh a hotel at Burlington kept by
my friend n. II. Ilowe of the American.
I have often made it my stopping place,
but never found it better kept than now.
The house has undergone the most thor
ough repairs, and under tho management
of mice host Henry, is a most desirable
place for entertainment. It is qui;t, or
derly and neat, well furnished tablep,
good clean apartments, with clean beds,
are all furnished for tho comfort and hap
piness of guests. My friend Ilowa is
ready with his accustomed politeness and
courtesy to listen to, and furnish all that
is necccssary to make his guests at home.
His subordinates ara well disciplined and
attentive to all. The well est.iblishel
reputation of tho American is most fully
sustained by Mr. Howe. I well remem
ber my friend Howe when ha was con
ductor on tba cars cn tho Rutland
Burlington Railroad. In that position
ho was deservedly popular by res0n of
his urbanity of manner, courtesy r.nd uni
form politeness to all, and I in common
with ail deeply regretted bis n sitnlioa
of his trust and position as conductor. In
his new situttion he o-mr..;t help sn need
ing for his old friend? will cling to i.im
and new ones will never forsake him.
New hotels m y spring up, but none, to
my iiiiad, cau in any and every respect
furnish any thing superior to the Ameri
can as a pleasant house, nor any better or
moro accommodating landlord thin
Henry Harrison Howe. Ling may ha
flourish in his present position, find dis
tant be the d.ty, when !.c shall retire
from gnidiog tho tffaira of the American
Tlotel. Cantor.
M'dllcbiv, 0.:t. 23.
1'iKF. xr Hast Montpeliku. We
learn from the Free Press that the barn
belonging to Charles Tabor, at East Mont
pelier, was burned on Saturday morning,
the 21st inst., together with almost the en
tire contents, comprising all his hay and
grain, his farming tools and four horses
two belonging to Mr. John Tabor, and
the trotting horse, "Happy John," and
another belonging to Mr. D'.vinnell of
Morrisville. There is considerable ex
citement in regard to the fire, which is
generally believed to have been caused by
an incendiary. The facts are these, as
we learn them. Friday afternoon there
had been a trot on the fair grounds, near
Mr. Tabor's, for a pursa of 100, the en
tries being the bay mare owned by W'm.
Farsvell of Rarre, "Scratch Gravel, 'own
ed by French Washburn of Montpelier,
aud "Happy John,'' owned by Mr. Dwin
ne!l of Morrisville. Tho trot was not con
cluded at dark Friday, each horse having
taken one heat, and was adjourned until
Saturday morning, Mr. Dvvinnell putting
his horses in the barn of Mr. Tabor on
Friday night. Those having charge ol
"Happy John" went to the barn to see
that everything wa3 right, at about ten
o'clock Friday evening, and soon after re
turning to the house went to bed, but
were awakened at about four o'clock Sat
urday morning by. Mrs. Tabor, telling
them that the barn was on fire. Before
they could get to the barn, it was so filled
with fire and smoke that any attempt to
save anything in it was useless, and they
turned their attention to the- house near
by, and succeeded in saving that, though
it was several times on fire. It is said
that a wagon was heard to come down
near the house, not long before the fire,
and after a little time go away again, and
that propositions had been ma ie to the
driver of "Happy John," by the respec
tive friends of both theT other horses, to
sell out the race to them but that all offers
had been persistently refnsed and mad
am rumor (who sometimes tells "whop
pers") says that the only way that -Hap
py John" could be beaten was to dispose
of him in some way. He was disposed of
by the fire (whether accidentally or inten
tionally may never be known) as th?.t put
an end to the race.
Presentation The workmen under
the charge of Geo. II. Weeks, on the
gravel train of tbe Rutland Railroad,
having noticed his earnest desire to treat
each and every ono in bis employ like
men, and desiring to express thtir appre
ciation of his endoivor in this reg-.rd, sur
prised him on Tuesday morning, by the
prf sentation to him of a gem of a gold
chain. The chain was purchased of B.
M. Bailey, and cost f 50. It was a rvery
handsome recognition of Mr. "Weeks'
liberality and kindly feeling towards the
men under his charge.
Foeest Ftres. Now that the forest
fires in the Northwest have ceased their
ravages, New York state, especially the
western counties, is suffering from the
same ssourge. xispptly tners is no pos
sibility that the New York fires will be
attended with such frightful results as
those in Michigan and Wisconsin, al
though great damage to property must
inevitably be done unless rains, which
can alene thoroughly do the work, soon
extinguish the flames.
WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1871.
Rutland Box Received at Chicago.
The box of womens' and girls' clothing
sent by the ladies of Rutland to the Buf
fering of Chicago has been received as
will bo seen by the annexed acknowledge
ment from the chairman of the executive
committee of the Chicago Relief and Aid
Society. A box will be dispatched to
the Michigan sufferers on Saturday morn
ing next. Parties having contributiona
to make should have them at the Mission
House on Main street, before ten o'clock
on Friday morning.
The following is the letter of acknow
ledgement referred to from Mr. Dexter
Cliicctgo ItelieJ and Aid Society.
Chicago, 0t. 23d, 1871.
Jfss M. E. Daniels. Secretary of the
Ladies Relief Committee, Rutland, Vt,
Dear Madum For the kind contrihu
tion of tbe box of women and girls cloth
ing generously donated by the ladies of
Rutland, for the relief of tbe sufferers by
tbe recent devastating fire, I beg leave to
express to yon, and through you to tbe
lady donors tbe hearty thanks of thin
nflb:ted people, and to assure you that
ttin articles contributed are greatly need
ed by onr destitute citizens. The man-iii-'cmrtnt
of this great charity has been
turned over to this society by proclama
tion of Mayor herewith enclosed.
Very truly yours.
Wirt Dexter.
Chairman of tho Executive Committee
of the Chicago Relief and Aid Society.
St. JonxsBCRY. Elder Miles Grant of
Boston is holding a series of meetings at
St. John ibury.
The paople of St. Johnsbury manifest a
deep interest in the euffer.-rs in the North'
wpi, and a public meeting was held on
Monday evening last for their aid, over
which Hon. Horace Fairbanks presided
who in a few appropriate remarks dis1
cloned ths wants of tho people of Chicago
and tbe country north of that city. E
C. Redington, E-q., Rev. C. M. Soutbgate,
Rev. II. T. Fuller, N. P. Bowman, E-q
and Rev. W. Thayer, also addressed tbe
me.-tinj. Over one thousand dollars were
rai-cl on tho spot, and a committee ap
pointed to canvass the town for money,
clothing ond beddinsr. The Fairbanks
Company gave flee hundred dollars, R.
W. Poabody and wife gave one hundred
dollars, Hoo. Luke P. Poland, E. C. Red
iegton, C. M. Stone, editor of tho St.
Johnsbury Cakdonlui, E. D. Hall and F,
D. Bludt;ett gave f; y dollars each. Rev.
W. W. Thaver. E. F. Brown. E. S. Dana
and Thcron M. Howard gave twenty-five
dollars each. Total 1005.
Hon. ITcraee Fairbnks, ono of Ver
moat's noblest heirted r.nd liberal citi
zen, sent tho f.dlowitjr dispatch of sym
pathy to Chior.ro, ;.r.d received the an
nexed rcrpon.-p
br. Jons-aBcnv, Oct. IS.
Karor of Clc'eo The eiii 'na of tt. Jofcn?-
bury deeply sjnr.-atUii with yonr ptor A
mas nuetin-r will b held this evening to raise
raonry Or the relief cf your snilering citizens.
Ue of frooi cheer the heart of the nation beats'
warmly tovard y.K.
i:.e v. F-Air.rA-i.f
:.v.
Cm, ao-, Oct. 17.
Horace Fairbanks Our vrcni. st tbatiics ui
vmir kind won's. It- V ti to tv:o Clcc i'-') Iteli'.-f
and Aid Society. R. 11. JIasox,
Zl.y uf Ch.'onfo.
The workmen i:. tb-.! e Works
E. T. Fairbanks, at St. Juhnsbury, G2i)
in all, gave their day's wages on Thurs
day for the Northwestern sufferers.
Weiciiinc;
VhifniJt says to
Pkk. The Brattleboro
e faimers in the vicinity
of Wi:m:ra?N.ii h ;d their "annual weigh
ing b?c" on Siturday afternoon, the 14th
inst., giviug ior tbe time a lively arpr
auce to cur little village among the bills.
Thirty p iirs of oxen and steers wera taken
here and weighed, and wa noticed some
nicep.irs that would compare favorably
with most of those cn exhibition at cattle
chows. T.ie weight of some of tho heavi
est pairs, with tin ir sges and the namw
of their owner, we givo as fdlows: R.
II. F.tulkner, 1 pair yearling steers, l.of.O
lbs 1 p.dr two ears oil, 2 4.9'J lbs. 1
pir ox"ti five yesrs old, !3.700 lbs. Per
ry Hill of lb-lif:x, 1 p-iir three years old,
2 000 lbs. O. C. F.drbauk, 1 puir four
yeiir old, '),V.2 11 s. Asj 14 hcrsis and
col's wore 1. d upon tho scales singly,
we ni-vip to rc, rtaiu th- ir av.-ird ip :ds.
Before tV.e (-d'ection of people dispel t-ed
tbe J-.c's-- nvii';.' B asa Baud appeared
upon tte -eene sou played a few cf thtir
b st tii i io tVir beet manner.
I NO V M I
X. II. At
KV FlRKS AT MANCIM'.Sl'KR,
about two o c!oc
lock vucdav
forn'.on a fire broke out in a stable m
the
rear of a house near the co'iv'r of Lowell
and Wilson streets in Manchester, N. II.
The fire extended, and a house coot iiiiin
three tenements
be!
onrrin;
to
Mr. John
Mc'iuinness,
e belonging
ma'l huiKe
to Mr. James Fojfg, and
a
owned by Mr. F. AbVf.dl.w, were de
stroyed. The loss was about $."000. Mr.
Mc-iiiinness and Mr. Fogg were insured
for SIOOO each. The fire was evidently
the work of an incendiary,
an i several
tltt i 0 1 1 e. trj in tba ni'm!
neijrtinoTiiooa were
also set on fir', but
no fiirthf r damaee
was done.
FlKK IN ClUTTRNDF.N. We 1 r;i that
the dwelling hous wrl teams of Mr.
Thomas Hondry, in Cl-itbtd n, wre de
slr'yed hy fire at an :lv h. t.r on Tues
day morning. Mr. lirc.diy :atd family
were absent from bor-" m:d b-d been for
some da s. Tho ii.-i.t.,rs saw the
flames isHuing from th house F,d biros
at the same time.
TeusonAIi. Ou Thur.-day last, two
old college friends, graduates of the Uni
versify of Vermont, appeared as counsel
in cases bafore the Supreme Court of the
United States, now in session at Wash
ington, namely, J. Q A. Fellows of New
Orleans, Louisiana, and Edwin C. Palmer
of St. Paul, Minnesota. It will be grati
fying to their many eollege friends to
learn of their meeting in the practice of
law in the highest tribunal of tha land.
North Clarendon. A prayer meet
ing will be held in the chapel at North
Clarendon on Friday evening at 7.30
o'clock. A delegation from the Rutland
Young Men's Cbrisiian Association are
expected to be preaent.
A Bor Shoots His Brother, On
Friday or Saturday of last waek, two
sons of Dr. Isaac La Grange, one about
fourteen and the other twelve years of
age, who live at La Grange village about
a mile and a calf nortn ot je reiignsburgn,
were out hunting together, with but one
gun between them, when they got to
quarreling aDOUt wmca snouia nrj ue
Kun, and in tho senffis the gun went off,
killing the youngest boy. His brother
hid his body batween two logs, went
home and reported that the lad was fchot
by a stranger who afterwards ran away.
Ha finally owned np, and gave the above
version. We hear that he baa since told
different stories about the affair, and it is
believed that he is not in his right mind.
Probably deep remorse and the fear of
punishment has made mm temporarily in
sane. Eichford Sentinel.
pesiitigo, jtiicn.
Destruction of Town-Tlie Air
n. Mass of Flwine Terrible Mif
ferin&r of tlie People off tlie Doom
cdCiir A Tornado of Flume.
Hen. J. F. Driggrs, who has just re
turned from Green Bay, f urnishos us with
the sid particulars of tho burning of
Pesbtigo. He informs us that he left
Marquette a week ago last niht, and says
he saw no fire north of the Bay, but there
was great destruction going on east and
west of the Bay, but they did not extend
north. He passed Sunday night ond
Monday at Esconaba. The boat was
greatly detaioed on her upward trip on
account of high wind and pmokc, and the
latter was co high that the boat bad to be
steered entirely by tho compass. The
fire on tho east side of the Bay extended
in an almost unbroken l'ne from the east
ern shore of Like Winnebago to the
nothern extremity of tho Eastern penin
sula, fully 150 miles, burning np in its
ooure fences, barns, houses end an end
less quantity of cedar telegraph poles and
tan bark, the latter of which was pileed
up in immense hoaps on tho docks. So deep
and dismal was tho drtiknefS, cansed by
the immense volnmo of smoke, tht the
son was totally ohscnro for a distance of
two hundred miles. This midnight dark
ness continued for a week. Tbe boat, of
course, was delayed, but she left E-cauabi
for Green Bay on the fatal Sunday niht
at 12 o'clock, but ouly made h r way 12
miles out when forced to return on ac
count of the stormy sea beneath tnd the
cea of fire overhead. Tho air was red
with burning fragments c-irrb'd all the
way from Pe-htigo and other places along
the shore, a distance of nearly 50 miles
Tha boat laid in Eseanaba harbor until 0
o'clock a. m., Mood iy, when ehe ain
started, the storm having but slightly
subsided, but the course was pursued and
Menominee was reached with trreat dim
eulty. As they approached Menominee
they passed ve'ds loaded with furnbure,
etc., all being ready to leave if the p!ac
took fire. It was hero tho p)-senirers
learned of the destruetioti of P. shtisjo.
Mr. Stevenson, tbe well known lum
ber man of Menominee, stat-d that the
people of that place ha b 'en fighting the
fire for the past 12 hours and had become
exhausted, but they s-icceodcd in kef ping
the fire on tbe opposite -hore nt Marrin-
.tfr mrhieli rdiino (si.n.-il TcitK ft-.n ln03 of
a few small mills, houses, ere. But few
lives were lost, and ruo-t cf thesi from
drowning and exhaustion. He was iu
formtd that a short distance north 12 per
sons who bad dug holes in 'be t: round to
escape tho general cor.fl :gr .tiun were
found stiff jcated.
Taking on board all anxious to escape,
the boat proceed' d to IVslitigo. On ar
riving there the sleami-rs Favorite) aDd
Union were lying nt t' deck ready to
curry off the sufferers, h iving thrown
away their cargoes to ;mvo the lives of
the people. Tho tovn of I'. bt!.' des
troyed was seven mil.- from tbe- lending,
and contaiued about 800 peorlc, u lar;re
portion of whom worn employ. ia puil
factories and mil's 6ucHed th- re. The
town is on sandy ground, a;. i-t sur
rounded with i u nso growit. e f --edar
ana pine. 'It ere was rail;
ing to tbe comp'P.y mannf.ic
the engine ai.d r-nr3 i f n-hi
des'rr.j-ed. The te .m- r Iu
a lartre uninbci- cf pers r aw
escaped bv ro-lti:,;' tri.ir; tl:
.T!g-
re.
ail
i:ht
bad
t
the r.'sh'iro ;ivcr,
their nok-, where, t
e l wat?r ov:-r th( ir
from beinr burned.
Two voijug iu- i:.
1
v.
(1 r t

c;
ids
wlu b ol
a i.i.r-.
th re -t
who Wet.,
i;:d v'.ei s,
t lire,
!:v by plunging
it. t.. tl e
fire. T
i i ive ul.irs of the
ti. e were aa at
enure !i
tb--tib'-
i'..:. All at once there
roar like thunder, e.nd tbc.n
was a tt"
a rushing uoieo like a tornado. Oe ft-'n
to tbe door of their store.they iw l n t
sea of 11 irae coming with the i re t i
race-horse, la an instant trees, house.-,
and every thing was in flam It was a
terrible t.ii'ht. With barely n inin-it.e's
wurninir PcsbtiiO vas on tire. rd tbe
neonle were rihior in all direction fori
their lives At verv step s too were!
forced to j..iooui.;.) to t v.:uric' el."- j
ment iinl mti i
rribb
.'h. tl her-t-inr
their
r. but tbe
r pib'H oil the
c ipo i.'.ine.Nt
aeacl cd riv r 1 n
scorching t 'a s ii tb.. v,r
flam- 8 of The i:nnu n.-c I'ljibi
river bnk unda the w-iter i
unbearb'e. It w..s in h'U inpting
t.
t.
reach the riv. r tb.-i J. E I b-
keep. r. wii-' i.d two cb.!?M'n i ri.-be:l
V. T. Ib(.:ii;s-n, ct-f";, wit'- M. t ic -tbe;
ncri-hed in a miliar fiititii r. 1 t.r
nado of 11 lines earri-d bir'
;.n
ot
roofs of bin ni Kg but..--like
paper, en.: iy
tl-
1 1
e. 'l
VtMi him I
tnu k and j
was totUly de-tr'iv-i.
1
oid i'lst tin e to si i
ploniifl ioto the nv r,
d t
in e-e
,d bei.i'n.l.i
PJ'-" i
by tf!,..j
tbe rh-om of 'bo- e w Uo
Ii
ill s
Out of the b0') it.h.t
isb. d, ri d t o' 4''0
tr." b, bu' e
T
that rey? n is t r: i!
M". b'a' r i

tie- tl
V
lumber dnab r, l..u
i
and r.u no v, r. tuv ex .in-,. .t.- w
,b lit nb.nb.i 5. it xc t
ia 1 t Id bi' f itij'U -d m--i be wx.l i
-o m ten r- mutes wr.ou e.iar.i
-d and bi- mill was saved. tie b -r
tfl-H.b'OO in pn.e tn.ib r, and -a- .s J.
Wy b -U:e tu C.iie -t., i I.!-. v:V V.lo ti 1
laroed to.--, that fei-'.-o w ,s e'e-.trovf.
tie bed a ii eb-itit bi': i a t :I Vii--i e
li-t'iet, wbi.'b be i
le-i
1
t!
b,ie of i.thi rs. J 1 1 i t
V. 1
sbj ili an not kw
or b. r. 1 ut b 1 t
C,
uoi pr.t u.jr in-ii i'.e, i-.p s.ii oA
two n.lforttres rrnp-v nil o-,o i
siual-; -biy Sagiiirr En'crnri -c.
'file ivt"ntsin I'l.o-..
AN Jb NTIHK th'r. l.Mlf-N'r 1 i-..-THO", "f. I)
Tit nil. i,i no Incioknts Turin y-onk
J'KItSONS IN A W KM. S'l llt (ir.I.P, AVf) j
Dik llou tunr.K r F U t v s A V
FUL A I'l'liAKANci; OK 'JUS D'CAP.
Jin.r. 13. CI rk, a l.-nd Kir-nt of tr it.
Mie.bif" n, was en S ind,y of 1 H'.-k at
Uoionto vn, W is. biros r bh.i:is
hr. uh tbe fere-;s aud pr.bi in ecury
direc'ion. At snr.dc.wu tliere w a
Htroug nrei z w!i cn r y o cic !r .jiere n
ed to a fcrious srile, bb v.inj' t 'i-,-l t
lake. The whob country, wt-rvird
eistward and nqtjthw ad, aicd to be
nni! mis o! flunj, rushing ab.wg like p
fre-hct. The heat w-s m i-t iii't s Pe
yond, toward tbe 1 ke, wis f-it i:aed tlie
nettlemrnt of. Willi-im-on's Mills, eon
ptisinsi abou. fourteen fsmtiien. The
tire i-uddenly made a rv.s.b, li'e tlm flisb
of a train f gunpowder, end -ept in
the shRpe rf a crescent around tho set
tleicent. 5 ion after 10 o'clock a' herd of
frightened cattle and hor-r rnsbed nest
Uuiontown, bellowing-, neighing and
moaning. In tceir ieir came a aorse
bearing a boy exhausted and ne'ly lif.
less, ite sti.tea r.u cume wis ratricx
Byrnes. His fitber, mutber und tbei
children had started in a w.igon. He did
not know what had bi c ne of tlietn. Oq
Monday Clark went to tbe sett'ement,
and thus describes what he sw: The
first house we came to was that of Patrick
Byrnes, the fatherof the lad. It was but
a heap of ashee tbe brick chimney, the
cookiag stove and iron portions ci farm
tools were the only remnants of the place
left. We passed further on. Tha forest
was horned down close to tha ground
the stumps only being left, smouldering
and gmoking away. Everything was
hot; even the road was baked and crack
ed by the heat. We had gone about a
mile, when we cams to a horrible specta
cle. Alongside tho road, in a gaily, lay
the
BODIES OP SIX PERSONS
and two.horses, roasted to a crisp. The
iron tires of the wheels, and braces and
bolts of the wagon were scattered about.
Mr. Byrnes was a native of Tipperary,
Ireland, and with his wife, had been in
America over thirty years. Formerly
they lived in the Fourth Ward of New
York city, where he was employed as
caztman. Seventeen years ago ha came
WeBt, and by industrious habits had ac
cumulated a snug property. He had five
children, the eldest being eiahteen and
the youngest five years old. In the cellar
of one house we found eight bodies. One
of a man was in a stooping position over
that of a child, as though he died trying
to shield off the flames. This was very
likely the body of Mr. Williamson, the
owner of the mills, who with his entire
family is said to havo perished. In the
rear vard of tbe next house were four
bodies, apparently those of a mother and
four children. They were scorched, not
burned crisp.an l one cheek of tbe young
est, a girl of six, retained an expression
of calmness that seemed to indicate 8
painless daath by suffocation. But the
MOST HOKRIBLE SIGHT OF ALIi
was at Boardman's well. Mr. Boardman s
honse was the largest In the Village, and
in the centre of the yard, midway be'
tween the housa and the btrn, was loca
ted a lar&re but shallow well. Several of
the neiithbors were supplied with water
from this fountain, end it is likely that m
the midst of the conflagration, when all
hopj was cut off, the neighbors, insane
with terror, thronged with one purpose
to this well. The ordinary chain and
wheel pump had been removed, and the
wretched people entered the well 8 3 the
last refuge. Boards had been thrown
down to prevent their being drowned,
but evidently the relentless fury of the
fire drove them pell-mell into the pit to
struggle with each other and die, some by
drowning and others by fire and euffoca'
tion. None escaped.
THIRTY-TWO TJODIES WERE FOUND
TIIEKE.
They were in every imaginable posi
tion, but the contortion of their hands,
and the aeonized expressions of their
fnees told tho harrowing tale. They
must have fought with the fury of wild
boasts, and their death pangs must have
been excruciating. The fixed glare of
the eye sometimes ptnring and strained
almost ont of the sockets the clenched
hrfiids, extended, grasping or pushing,
the set jaws and leering teeth, disheveled
hair and bruised persons, made one's
blood freeze to look upon.
One fair young woman was bent near
ly double, but clasped to her breast was
a sweet young babo, whose lips seemed
pitied to the fond young mother's in the
l'.st lorn; kiss of death. Three little girls,
ote of them with golden blondo tresses
trilling to her waist, were found clasped
together, so tightly that considerable
force was necessary to separate them.
These were undoubtedly stifled to death
and sunk away with deep, profound bleep
that knows no waking. One old man was
found bead downward below the water
a little boy was ne .r him with bis hands
clenchf d in the old man's white hair.
Three women were almost doubled, with
heavy bodies pre.-Mog upon them from
above. Those upon the top of the well
wore b :d!y disfigured by tbe fire. This
was imb ed a pit of destruction. The wa
ter w is fcbeut five feet deep and the well
was v,-..i!d ia n icily with stine, having a
di tmeter of f .illy four feet.
Iu tho ro-.d were two children and a
m ui roa- tcd to crisp. Ono cellar con-
twined three bodies. All the bouses
'ilong tbe roads down to Sturgeon Bay
were reduced to ashes, and in them or
r ear by were tbe blackened corpses of the
iil-fited rei-ileuts. Twelve only are as
yet known to have escaped. These ran
to the lake and plunged to their necks in
the water.
Daath and horror has made a clean
sweep in that settlement and vicinity and
far as the eye can reach. No words can
express tho facts as they ttare at the spec
tator on tbe spot.
:'j;!c
fs froisi llic lluriicd City.
1"! e C.-i ig-v Tribune gives the follow
r "h:ui.' rs of the lire
J'--.
X
i:re not only as cheerful as could
ted uuder the circumstances, but,
v. i;';, e.U Juj regard to the tuffering which
do i atids their sympathy, they do not re
frain fr.jm an o;c ;r:i':iia! pleasantry. In
deed, as every one nrairif us ba9 been
ehhstencd by affliction, everybody claims
the riibt to ir.dul0 in jocosa remarks
whi
in surfuesls them.
()::e inrc n-.nt, who fouti 1 hissil'e and
ttsi c mtet-ts destroyed, q'lit tly niuukei
that thete ft.o uo blame attcbe 1 to the
s-.te that it was of chilled iron, and
would have ntood. but that the fire had
tiikivi the chili all out.
A firm of pointers on Madison s'reet
ball-tin their removal as follows, on
removal as loilows, on a
r-!rn!)Oir i erf o.Tea use a guide noara upon
ti.i'is of their old establishment
moohb ifc core.
IL.ititc and Sign 1'ainUrs,
R- Jioved to 111 Displumes 3"
C.j.ita-.l, sfOUO,ObO,030.
in .-di'or f a daily Direr has re a ived
r .1 v-a.-tic.il t lli-ions Mlggrot-'d by
j i be ia'e d .s'( r but he declines them
i oa the ground tliat it, is wasteful to
i p'-i'it atij'thtng w'iiicti rfquirfs every Hue
i wi'.b a p tal, when capitul is as s-eiice
hj i i- now ia Caicago.
j a th co-u-r of a str-et iuters?c iog
j Mt.-tii n avcr.U", a beard wtill cliuir-) to a
i tree, b. .vol,.' p liuted on it, '-This house
i' r de. Ir would ttkn a telescope o
e. s a r ,01,. joAer K nil inn nouse.
I r i j -k r i nie i a noara to a broken
rr '-i i; h p i!h on 'vbieh vis painted
e tte ,cs in l acres of this unimproved
land tor s -de at ifl 2) pT ncre. Irquire
oi t iloor.
A b i !e i entered tbe holy married
s' i n t lie-day evening determined to
do in a e-.'i dress, in deference to
bo 'i the propiieties aud the neeessitiet-
"f 1 1 n-,iiKin. But she desired that
b- r to.'U.Ue d-: ch irabre should be, ii possf
ol--, on a more gorgeous pcale. B
to; .l-'-ti'nte (.f robe da iiitit of suita
be- i-hv ;ii;i'i', ttb sent ont to several neiuh
ors of her tern p.r try hostess tp borrow
s'l-h a -2 irn.rut, tt ip ilitina that it most
tie trie oue. !Uj peculiar is the femi
nio" Mitore, however, that her modest re-
cf'iea; ex'i'el no enthusiasm
in her behsl
among the ladies to whom i,
came. Thi
s not a j .ke.
A HtgubO'ird. t-tuek ia the ruins nf n
lu 1 iiosi on Madison i treet, reads '-Osv
"isr to ciicei nstarices over which we had
no control, w have removed," etc.
The Irnur.c. hid to leave out eight
cnlutnr a of advertisementi sent in for its
Monday i.-uo. Among those published
are coaio t hat iila-trate tbe state of the
city, as for instance the following
O WEI) FROM TI1E FIRE-A Double team
y j 'n names, iro-n p'.ct at corner cf Jackson
ana r ran kun streets. O ner will errs- demtrio.
i.m by letter. E. H. BOWKf 4 BON, 15 tnter
avenue.
TWO BAfH OF T.ACK, belonging to J. B.
Many, delivcreii to Rent in buggy on nigh'
or the tire, and ot her ar ic s in poa-H-t-S'On of any
.Mic-. wai niHiisf- re ieic at mg piesenc omce ot J.
a. 6UA1, ,ao Waoa-n aveaue, imoiediai'ly
IOUND Amone-st ray furniture, a lat of
Ooodj. cim.ri.-iD chairs, cluck, carpets,
be.blirg, pictures. &c. Any one ppovini; th
siiiiie cai nave me tr aoas. i was burned out las
nnnay nignr, on tlie corner ci Hariison and
ijiiiiRm s reets.
T OS r Monday, on corner of Clarlc atid Uar
rison istrents, a basket of Oerm m aud He.
brew books, ladies' and g-Btleraen' clothinsr
silk and wool drw-n also furniture and houee
ho!d eooi's and knives for tha i'ihw
album. Iot'ormation wh-re tbe abive my be
t'jund can be lett at 1 175 State street.
TAKES Tjr-Tivo mares; one bay and whits,
Owner caa have the same by proving pro
perty and paying c! ai-jjea. No. 146 South Hal
sted street.
npiKEN UP-A yellow ow at corner of Pau--1-
lina street ana Blue Island avenue The
iDgCchHrgeslaVe ty provins ProFetty andpay-
I saw a man oa Monday night looking
very seriously at his block of five-story
buildings on Water street, then writh
ing and roaring in the flames. I knew
him and watched him. His on-r
1 Phied hear,i1 for I judged
that. ta utoo irf 4.1. f
,CiJSO OI aespair. At
last I ventured to approach him and
break his reverie. "Well. BlVn 1
are you thinking of gaii I. Ah h I"
J?i A ata must ba catching- h 1
A Chicago cjrrespondent of the
York Times describing the burnt district,
sys
"There is an amazing absence of OS
Iris, for the fire seems to have literally
swallowed all these huge houses, leaving
nothing behind but heaps of ashes and a
few scraps f iron. I had expected to
find the streets encumbered with huge
masses of bricks, iron and other refuse,
but found them almost entirely clear, and
nowhere so blocked as to be impassible
for vehicles. It seemed as if the fire de
voured the buildiogs so rapidly that only
insignificant fragments fell to the ground,
and I can readily believe the statement
that the flames spread from block to
block faster than a man could walk.'
There was little smoke, as the clean
and whitened ruins attest. Says Gen
Corse, who wbb one of the la&t srnests to
leave the Tremont llonse Occasional
lv the wind would detach a vast body ot
flame that would leave the general mass
und hnrl it. far ahead." No form ot
building or building material withstood
it. It was tempest and tornaoo ana mr
naoe combined.
From the burnt tract of nearly 200
saaares. every trace of combustion and
combustible has disappeared. Even the
torf burnt up and its ashes blew away,
leaving the naked sou.
Accounts of the fire havo made fre
quent mention of the circumstance that
the flames spread across streets from block
to block, by the bnrning of the wooden
pavements; but this correspondent says
"One of the mot singular siirhts of the
ruins is the intact condition of tbe wood
en pavements. No one would have sup'
posed that these blocks of wood could
have come out of such an ordeal in bet
ter preservation than anything tdse in
volved in it, yet such is the case."
The City of Chicago bad roal estate
valuation in 1S70 of f223.U43.UUH, and 8
population of 298 977. In 1835 the place
was a mere outpost, and in thirty-five years
it had become the first grain and provi
sion market in the world, second to no
other city in its lumber trade, and the
fifth m the union in population.
CASTLETON. I give you a few remi
niscences of olden times, as related by one
who is eighty-eight years old, and the
youngest of a family of fifteen children,
and who came here at an early day from
Connecticut. ITer father was tbe late
Capt. William Bolaud, who, having dis
posed of his farm in southern Connecti
cut, for Continental money, with his chil
dren, the husband of two of his daugh
ters and their children, seven in all, (four
being left with Noah Criswold, of Rut
land,) came, in the winter of 17S3 4, with
an ox team, to Castleton. The father and
three cf his eldest sons had purchased
farms and erected log cabins here, in
which they began to live acec.rding to the
fashions of those days. Oae of the young
est sins was bound out to the Rev. Mr.
Cazier, tho first settled minister of Cas
tleton, and lived on tbe farm now owned j
by Harvey Griswold, E q. The two tld
st sons remained at home with their
father. In order to procure their grain
they were compelled to po to Connecticut
ou horseback, as thero were then no car
riage roads, and binding the grain to tbe
horse, led him, thus loaded, back to Ver
mont. Many a meal has this family made
from wheat shelled out with their own
hands, when ripo c-nouah, and eating it
with a bowl of milk. One of the daugh
ters, Jerusha B aland, is still living in
Rutland, aud iJ now the wilow Soiitb. a
relic of ye olden time.
Nineteen of our young nv2 (.rgaiiizH
a hunting patty, a few days s'lLfC3, Henry
Armstrong and nine others composed one
side, while n. L. CI irk with euht more
made up the opposite side. Toey spent
day in hunting, and, at nibt, Armftrocjf
and his men came iu with game cauntint.
094, averaira 99 CI irk and bis hon'.ir
counted 963, average 107. The fctivitie
or sports of tbe day were wound up wi'b
an oyster supper at the Eonioseen House,
tbe defeated party having the pleasure of
footing tbe bill.
Mr. A. G. Iloadly moved into our vil
lage from Middletown last week. He re
sides in tho d wellirg house of tho late A
Wilkir.s, and does business in the wagon
and blacksmith shop recently Otted P
.j :.j vn? T." 13
r J who
has discontinued the tu-in'8. jt
i f.ii.
win yrove n va.uno.r ucj- r yj o
place, as a ct'.'ZMi and 'p.s a bui.'
mfss man.
e we come a'l iiP j
n-.
T7 ar. "Tr Tir.,,.
new C3mrs aroorg
i;n.am. or tee Seminar?
,i v i
lil.atno- or th. s
tto.i oiai siriool, has, on account of ill
health, nnd under the advice of hi
attending phyM-ian, been c "impelled to
leavs bis duties as the bead of the insti
tution, for a sai.on. It i.s hoped that b
will saon return to hia U'o:)ra with health
nearly it not fully r. stored.
Rev. R. T. R, 0f the LiVeral
cburcb, resum-'d his pulpit bibjrs la--Sauday,
uf-er an aluence of nine we. ks.
passed iu rnvelinir thronah the wet axir
south-wtst, and am -.ng the inhil itants o
the Indian Ttrritory. His roaminj's hav.
been quite extenivH,-nd be has nude u:
his mind that the luxuries of tl.o worlc
are not all found at the we-t aud south
west, but that mtny of them are in good
old New England.
The contributions at the Cjnsregt
tional church, in aid of Cbieao, a wee).
aa-o last Sabbath, HBieuitnl to the tnra o
T'Ji f.m coiii rinuTions nave, aa yet
ben tikc-n up iu -.he otiir cburuhe-, or
otherwise .in our town, f.er thi tbje;t, to
my knawledge.
Rev. Mr. Meshier nud Rev. II. Iiin
ger, of Maasachtisette, supply the mhi
of the Advent church during the tempo
rary absence of K y.Jr. M.theweon, at
Warcester, M ies.
-The third roouthly meeting of the
Good Samaritans was htli ut tbe Libera
r.t, ..I. t U 1. U U
umiiraiu evening, acd was
much more fnthusiastic thaa any of tbr
former meetings. The church was never
more densely filled, with an intelligent
and attentive congregation, than on thi
occasion. 'T Tbe discussion of the temper
iui,o tiueetioDlircm soma of its prominent
mnrftl urtA rit. tl 1 ,a
ft-vtouvi Biuuuj;uiuiHf was rar-
uoipaiea in ireey by clergymen, laymen
and lawyers, in arguments convincing,
converting and conclusive. Tho dehber
ationa were cttended with grayer and ap-
fvU1iat.B music r.y tbe choir cf tht
cnureh. All things were conducted
cently and ia order, tnd ia harmonv with
iue uay, tne nour and tho place.
E. W. B,
Ta m.
aul.lae Hoeia! Dance Pt P'.
on Wednesday eye., the 18ih was a deci
ded success, Bouie75couL'ler,nrt;o:
fry, t: '""pimK.
Iniswasone of th 1qc.
.-.jjcii, touipanies
ever assembled hera on an oMinn t
kind.
The Staples Gilt Ed ni,A.
closed for the season, Oct 20th. to co int
operation again on the 1st of April, 1872.
wounmman, (the manufacturer,) and
T nT6etBMeJ t0 their homa a Lit
tUPUa,N. T. The Factorr b.
joyed a good patronago the last seaaon-
and it closed with encouraging jtog.
peota ol a larger patronage But year
There are one hundred boxe of ehe..
left at the Factory which have been eold
lately to Benton, Caverly Co., for J30
per lb. Ihe Uilt tedge ban doubtless
made Better sales through the season than
most of the Factories in tbe State. Nearly
all the cheege has been shipped to Lon
don, England, and compares favorably
with other cheese in thit market. Much
credit is due the Director?, Messrs. 8a
pies, Read Colvin, for the snccesi-ful
manner in which the sales have been i
man-
aged.
The funeral of the Widow Edward
Herrick, was largely attended at the
Church at Dinby Fonr Crner, on Sat
urday, Oct. 2 1st. There was a very large
circle of mourners present, tha deceased
haying numerous relations in this town
and Pawlet. R-;v. Mr. Townsend.of the
Methodist Church in Pawlet, preached
the discourse. The deceased was an ejed
lady, daughter of Judge John H. An
drews, an early settler here. Her hus
band died aboot two years cince.
ORWELL,. When a leading citizen falls
at his pest of duty, he leaves a vacMncy
hard to be filled. A few men generally
tfive character to a town. Tbey are its
representatives, whether iu the s-urroond-community
or in tbe hails of State. Their
judgement and integrity and moral wr,rh
become the common property of all, snj
when such men fall thtir death i a com
mon bereavement. It extends beyond
tbe family circle, and toucht-a the "whole
community. Orwell hos lost many of her
leading citizens during the lst few years.
Tte death cf Mr. C. H. Conkey edd;.
another to the number of her departed
sons, whose memory lingers sfter them.
Mr. Conkey's death occurred cn Sotur
diy, Oct. 14th, and the large concourse cf
people from this and tbe furrenndieg
towns, which gathered at his facer! cn
Monday, tbe 10;b, testified to tbe esteem
in which he was held. Mr. Conkey ws
well known throughout the county. He
has been a public man all bis life. He
has three times represented bis townsmen
in tbe legislatare at Montpelit-r, was seven
years tbeir constable, has often served
them as selectman, has been chosen eight
times tbeir Li-dc-r, has been Overseer of
of the Poor, was Trustea of Surplus Rev
enue Fund in 1S42, was appointed a jus
tice in the year 1843 End continued b.;
thatcffi.ee until his death. It will le
difScut to firtd one who will bring ur h
qualifications to tl at tffice and dicbarc
it- functions so well. He was often called
to admini-ttr the estates cf others, both
in bis own t.r:d tho surroundirg town.
He leaves a large circle of friends and
acquaintances who will lament and
mourn his loss. Tie Wtis a cit?z-n o
whom bis county need not feel hs-bomed.
Also Mrs. Harriet S. Teuney, dit-d at the
residence of her son-in-law, Dea. Cheney,
iu Orwell, Oct. 19-b, in the S3 year cf
her age. Mrs. Tencry has been a church
member for mere than half a cctury.
Her consistent christitn life was w.-rthy
of imitation by the whole church. J-Vc-n
in her old n if it was a delight to meet
her. lit r sw- t trustful christian spirit
was sunlight for Her faith was un-
shaker. t the last. M. L. S.
JONES c SON
I'jfo. At-
f-T-lr
asp85tvly
if O. r.ULTo
P 11 V I 1 A. X AMI Si'ltuLUS
tJASTl.KT- N, VT.
over Nerthta yi 'y ton? Dr
i Djmosetrn II n. e.
stoi"-. BojV
fl.VHf'
.rO fas r.
Pale, m;d-ralt'
diBcourage-3, wil'.oat rea.-b fei
f'od, wilh'
jut fner,ry eco'.igh fer tx-rtion. jet
jtith
jo acute pi-n.or other spec e indication t f
aisrase, how of'.ea do we see fee invt'ie't! fai
irg ss it were out of li'e without ariy uriparer-t
cause. We say of them thit thty a e "rmiirg
fast." or "eicking gTadna 'y as tLe eas? r.-.ny
e. Eut there U no got d re?s n vt y Ley rbit;! 1
-ink at a 1. Per-ona in thi deia-alive i-tt'o s
ply war.t invigorating and vitnlizii g. Nature, in
a s ate of to;por, demands he'.p. 1 iin out th
reserve of vfulity in the system I race the n-rve",
'on the stomach. brek ip the n.oib o tr as ce t
body and rain 1 with a course of Hot. .-t ti M- tu
v;h Buu-ri. It can be done. It bs b-.eu i .:.i
in thu-iands of. instances ILetffett upr. t e
-nrvt-d fra:ne is e.ectiis. Ns ver giTe u h. w--ver
lanui 1 i n-1 Lro.er. do u tt-ci-mt er il.e.
'or the ekbaat let, the deie.irat d. the dt;
Hi(C,ttU por- ti'ul Ttgf'a'ile leit- ratirc i a e;3
ume el xir. 7. not a mere idtni'iNrit tan' j ro
voiej tra t-t,t ti isa or vi r ii the syi-t-ni, eni
;hen leaves it. in a more dt pr-i- d eo iuit'.m th,.n
"iftore. It i amoves the t i-.u-e- l licteiity by ai
frifft the ecreU .n", atd rg-dA'in the aeti n
f tht? int. fiat organ-, s Writ ts rr-'-ntoremjj;
'.frin. It Is ptrttcu'srly va'uatile ctK.lt;iie a.
;his seas jn t4.clUSii it i nn an.i-io'e t.j ti- ma
laria i l cfj j,roducei intrraitiei.t tever, Mlum
olic h jd other cl-ordt-r, ot the boe s i r .-va'.ctt
.a the Jail.
Ftfp( r tJel.iorn niite an atttclt witi;. ut warn
"S "ffUi d may ottm bt; thrown oil by Kinlir.i!
'ft ra warm wa'er. wri i Dg up Wiria in b-C,
tnd takii gtio or three kI i'a- lis rursa:.t'
Pii.."
A mi si r Ery jmt re'un.el, iajs he t,j rl;
'i hc"ii' Anodyne 1 ii iruei.t tey d a'-
r'.cs. ai.d effijacious beyond aoy other luedicu e
it la a.Jap'e.l tj a great Var.ety t i Fp-c.ai Cifec
ttd is ihe be.t pi n kieer ia the word.
"Fiv-! n;in V"! i-jr r-fre-htn ;vl tv .-ryVJy
ha he- 'rart-d by radioid has heard 'be a'-on;
mcouiiremet I, and has probab y sutrerel tr c
'.a. iro UK h ckl 1, ther. by &..-uia the s p s of
lyiepia. It ia a caniff.rt'o Inow that !'..e IV
ruviou Syrcri will cure the worstcases ordj'ej -a,
hh fioutyoila are reaty to te-tify.
For r.ou-re-fUjtn or ineo-itinence of uri-,
ritati n. iifliii,iiviion t u'eetation ot the la
ler or k'dneys diseases of ihs pras'a'e fls-.
'tone m the Haider, calculus, gravel or bn-k
luft drpM'ie, and a Idiieafei t-f theb sdier.!: d
neysor "r psical iweUin.a, use Hclmb Ai s fir.i
liqtract li"jcbu.
It is taid that if a pu2 of air wer to be ti a:
mt a vein of an animal, death would instant ne" -'Jusly
follow, because circulation would betoir'd.
The blood mukea the entire circui: of the buirE
body every g-.ven minuUs, atd whenever tii"
circulation ii impeded or any of it channels arc
c'oged by impuritiej which ought to be earned
oil, disease follow fever or a ciorder of liver ci
kidneys, or scrofula, or dyspepsia. To get at acl
remove the onrce of the difficulty use the o'.i
and infallible blood t urifitr, Dr. Walker's Ca'.ifer
ni Vinegar Bitters Oct-19-4w
The mist popular and most Taluabie medicfcl
works ever girea to the press are those written
by the Consulting Physician of the PeatoJy
Medical In.-tits e, Boston, who has devoted his
life to the study of the subject of which te im-
in thtir p ijjes. These bonki are pubiirhed by tte
nstitute, whose ad vertiat ment may befuEDi r,
anoher calnmn, and thould be pel used care' jiiy
by the young of both sexes. 'The Scenes ci
Life, or Self-Preeervation," ia a pract ;.ca treatite
upon matteri concerning the heal j and Tigor of
both old and young, and has already had a career
of usefulness and popularity gratifying to the
author. EqoaUy admirable is the woik entitled
'Sexual Physiology of Woman and her Diae
by the tame able author. Head the advertlna
ment. Hali'n VM.Mi Bilian Hair EentWtr ii
preparation of great merit, and is rapid-y
vhw wan Wft9 anucirated at the outset1
placing all others for the tair