THE PEOPLE.
CONCORD, NOVEMBER 23, 1871.
In New Quartiers. o 5
The large proportions which the business
connected with The People is assuming,
has compelled us to change the location of
our office into more spacious and convenient
apartments. The entire suit of rooms in the
north end of State Block, frorting on Main
and School streets, have been engaged, and
these, with an additional story which is be
ing erected over a portion of the Post-office,
will be occupied by the several departments
connected with The Pcople newspaper busi
ness. Oaur business office has been removed
to the room fronting on Main st., recently
occupied by the National State Capital
Bank.
To give us time to remove our steam press
between the issue of our next paper and the
first of the month, we shall be obliged to go
to press a day earlier than usual. Corres
pondents and advertisers will govern them
selves accordingly.
Radical Tribulation.
The Radical State Central Committee held
a council of war in this city, last evening.
Of course we are unable to say what was
done, or what was left undone. We only
know that the session was a protracted one,
and that important matters” were consid
ered.
How to get rid of Pike, has been the
great overshadowing question in the Radi
cal mind ever since the leaders of the party
have deemed it expedient to make a contest
in earnest. This question was undoubtedly
considered, in all its bearings, at the meet
ing of the Committee,but whether a satisfac
tory conclusion was arrived at or not, we
are unable to say. It is plain, however,that
it was determined,some time since,to get rid
of him in some way. The Nashua Zelegraph
let the cat out of the bag” a fortnight ago,
by intimating that-a new candidate was to
be selected, and laying down the rules
which, in the editor’s opinion, should gov
ern the party in the selection. Undoubtedly
the Telegraph man, in his desire to be fully
up with the times, if not a little ahead, in
the matter of news, lost sight of the matter
of mere party expediency. Had he been
discreet, he would have held his peace in
the premises, until the whole matter was ar
ranged, and the official announcement of
Elder Pike’s withdrawal had been made in
the great consolidated organ of the party,
published in this city, by the Republican
Press Association. As it was,the Telegraph's
announcement took some of the innocent
friends of Mr. Pike, who are not in the
secrets of the ring,” by surprise.
Of these is Rev. Mr. Stubbs, of Lisbon,
who immediately wrote to that paper, ask
ing, pointedly, why *‘this is thus.” Mr.
Stubbs has no idea of standing calmly by
and seeing his brother Pike slaughtered in
the house of his friends, without offering a
word of remonstrance. lle declares, most
emphatically, that Mr. Pike is not yet a
corpse,and is not to be laid out or put out of
the way against his own will. He says that
‘““until Mr. Pike signifies that he has no
wish for a renomination, no otker man will
salisfy thousands who wvoted for him last
March.”™
This premature intimation of the Zele
raph has thereforo operated to complicate
matters, and compel an immediate arrange
ment. We shall therefore look for a
letter from Mr. Pike at an early day, ex
pressing his thanks for the hearty sup
port which he-received last year, and per
emptorily declining a renomination for pri
vate reasons. The masses of the Republi
can party, and the people generally, will
have no difficulty in determining how much‘
of the genuine, voluntary spirit will dictate
such a letter. 4
Bat the trouble in the Radical camp is not
all removed when Pike is out of the way.
As the Telegraph suggests, a new candidate
is to be selected, and it is not an easy mat
ter to decide who the candidate shall be.
The rules which the Zelegraph lays down
will not be adopted. There are quite a
number of men in the Radical ranks,each of
whom is thoroughly possessed with the idea
that he ought, in justice to himself, and for
the good of the party, to be the next Radi
cal candidate for Governor of New Hamp
shire. These men are all actively engaged
in furthering their own interests in this re
gard. Their runners are canvassing every
nook and corner of the State. In every
town and village there are every day to be
found knots of anxious Radicals, discussing:
the respective merits of Straw, Walker,
Hale, Cole und others; and the prospect
now is, that the next Radical State Conven
tion will witness a contest which will be live
ly and interesting, to say the least.
The Real Question.
The Democracy having pronounced em
phatically against thieves and thieving, in
side as well as outside their own party or
ganization, some people are asking what
the Republican party proposes to do with its
thieves.
Looking at the matter in the light of re
cent developments, in view of the immense
amount of plundering that is being carried
on, and the number of Radical officials
whose swindling and defaulting operations
are constantly being brought to light, it
would seem that the more appropriate ques
tion to be asked in the premises is, what do
the thieves propose to do with the Republi
can party? That they hive absolute control
of it is apparent enough from the fact that
they are alllowed to go on in their thieving
career, unrestrained and unrebuked even by
the party press, which is constantly engaged
in erying out, Tammany, Tammany.”
What they will do with it remains to be
seen. It is a question, however, of no little
interest to the people.
Congress.
In one week from next Monday, the Fed
eral Congress will assemble in Washington.
If that body is disposed to go to work in
earnest to do something for the benefit of
the country, it will find a wide-spread field
of labor before it.
But we opine there is nobody so deluded
as to suppose for an instant that the majority
in that body contemplate anything of the
kind. The Presidential election is close at
hand, and more than ever before will the
action of Congress be controlled by the par
tisan necessities of Radicalism, without the
slightest regard to the wants of the country
or the demands of the people. The fate of
every measure which may be introduced in
either branch will be decided, not by its real
merits, but by the effect which its passage may
be supposed to exercise upon the success of
the Radical party in the next campaign.
Such we believe will be the case. Time
will detide whether we are right or wrong.
The Radical fuglers denied for a time that
the late charge of an over issue of South
Carolina State bonds was true. They are
compelied to admit 1t at last, however, for
it has been established beyoud controversy.
A recent dispatch from Washington to the
Boston Journal even says that late informa
tion from South Carolina shows that the
finances of that State are in a much worse
condition than heretofore reported. Under
every act authorizing the issue of State
bonds there has been an over issue.
The Boston Journal strongly urges the
nomination of Mayor Gaston by the Repub
licans. He has already been re-nominated
by the Democrats, and will be triumphantly
re-elected at all events.
Which is the Party of Thieves?~
Certain Democrats of New York City,
conspiring with certain Republicans, and
buying up a State Legislature (containing a
majority of Republicans) so as to secure a
favorable opportunity for the exercise of
their thieving propensity, have smcceeded
in stealing a large amount of money, some
thing over six millions of dollars in all, for
the recovery of which a suit has formally
been brought against them in the Supreme
Court.
The operations of these thieves having
been made known to the public through the
treachery of one of their Radical associates,
whose extortionate demand exceeded what
was regarded his just share of the stealings,
and therefore was not complied with, popu
lar indigration was aroused against them,
and honest men of all parties in-New Y ork
united to destroy their power and secure
their punishment.
But the Radical press throughout the
country, wanting for partisan capital, and
not content with the Ku Klux humbug,
seized upon the fact that the leading mem
bers of this thieves' ring were Democrats,
and at once raised a great cry about the
corrupt and thieving practices of the De
mocracy and the same has been continued,
without intermission, to the present hour,
notwithstanding the fact that the thieves
were repudiated by the Democratic State
Convention of New York, and such Demo
crats as Charles O'Connor and Samuel J.
Tilden have been foremost in bringing them
to justice.
By making this great outcry against Dem
ocratic robbers, they think to make the peo
ple believe that Democrats alone are given
to stealing, that the Democratic party is a
party of thieves, and the only way to secure
honest administration is to keep the Democ
racy, everywhere, out of power, and let
Radicalism have full control in Federal,
State and municipal affairs. For the benefit
of those simple-minded individuals who are
disposed to place confidence in the preten
sions of the Radical press, as well as others,
not so credulous, who believe that there are
some thieves in the Radical ranks as well as
among Democrats, but like to contemplate
the facts and figures, we publish the follow
ing partial exhibit of the robberies and de
falcations of Federal officials under Radical
rule, Jately compiled by a New York paper,
from such official reports as were at hand.
Norton, Superintendent of money-
Department, New~ York Post-
oflice, $1135,000 00
It is said that Norton’s defalca
tion has been or will be made good
H his bondsmen.
ajor J. L. Hodges, Army Pay-
Master, 473,939 27
This amount was lost in stock
and real estate nﬁeculationa in the
city of New York. The defaulter
has been tried and sentenced to ten
vears imprisonment.
0. 8. Pine, New York Post-ofiice, 5,000 00
Joshua F. Bailey, Internal Reve
nue Collector, New York, 1,140,060 00
George E. Dennis, Supt. of Assay
Office, New York, 90,000 00
John Spears, Collector Internal
Revenue, Leavenworth, Kansas, 150,000 00
The Government recovered $50,-
000 of this money.
Thomas G. Gerrish, of Lowell,
Mass., defaulter, 50,000 00
Andrew Stafford, Mail Agent, 10,000 00
Frank Soule, Internal Revenue De
partment, 1,543,719 00
A. B. Woodcock, Postmaster,Pied
mont, West Va., s 10,000 00
Major Lander, Postmaster, Salem,
Mass., 6,000 00
Geo. A. Batchelder, Secretary of
Dacotah Territorly, 80,000 00
G. D. Ordper, Collector Internal
Revenue, sth District, Missouri, 5,000 00
Col. Sanders, Deputy Collector lo
ternal Revenue, sth District, Mis
souri, §,OOO 00
P. B. Hathaway, Post-oilice, Hart
ford, Conn., 1,200 00
Col. Wellman, Collector of Cus
toms, Savannah, Ga., 8,000 00
Sheridan Shook, Collector Internal
Revenue, 1,043,547 00
E. S. Hunt, 250,107 00
F. D. McCartney, Post-office Dis
bursing Officer, 30,000 00
11. A. Guernsey, Collector Internal
Revenue, 18th Pa. District, 31,000 00
Alexander Spaulding, 439,489 00
Richard Bowerman, Custom-house,
Baltimore, Md., 30,000 00
Whittaker, Postmaster, Hartford,
Conn,, 100,000 0
W. F. Cunningham, 202,460 00
U.i S. T{casury Department of look
ng-glasses 20,000 00
W.B. Fiel(tl, Internal Revenne De-
~__partment, 532,879 00
Wp Flagg, Internal Revenue De
~_partment 227,307 €O
Charles Collins, Internal Revenue
Department, 632,306 00
J. H. Bryant, Internal Revenue
Department, 435,000 060
Charfed different army officers, de
faulters during the war, 19,763,800 00
Cha:;‘ged up toJuly Ist,lß7l,against
defaulting Internal Revenue Col
lectors in different parts of the
country, but mostly in New Eng
land 2,760,000 00
Then we have the defalcations of
E.c Kerlxﬂgul,. Treasurer of Boone
0., Illinois, 20,000 00
Col. Rhodes, Treasurer, Nevada, 117,000 00
M. E. Susik, City Treasurer, St.
Louis, Mo., 1€3,006 00
Add to these the amounts charg
cd on the Treasury books against
United States officers in the South
ern States, as follows:
TEXAS.
Milton Stap},), 51,339 10
R. B. Kingsbury, 241,449 52
R. H. Lane, 101,974 70
Richard N. Lane, 98,563 27
D. B. Bonfoey, 538,601 78
L. D. Evans, 48,962 62
ALABAMA.
T. C. A. Dexter, 5,762 84
M. 8. Foote, 11,206 42
James Berney, 172,323 97
Geo. W. Cobb, 622 34
John T. Tanner, 188,375 49
Robert Johuson, 45,556 27
TENKXESSEE,
Ruel Hough, 207,022 47
Kilijah Simerly, 36,174 39
H. L. Norvell, 312,244 97
J.T. Aberneathy, 59,422 39
J. M, Deming, 5,523 33
Jos%ph Ramsey, 80,352 39
T. W. Keesee, 72,711 51
H. T. Blanton, 30,591 41
R. 8. Saunders, 183,671 66
MISSISSIPPI.
Edwin G. Cook, 62,925 14
F. S. Hunt, 263,439 42
Martin Keary, 51,768 54
B. H. Sheppard, 71,801 22
NORTH CAROLINA.
Wm. E. Bend, 21,778 49
W. C. Loftin, 1,621 36
L. G. Estes, 69,205 62
C. W. Woolen, 56,813 50
John Read, 058,412 04
Wm. H. Thompson, 107,624 86
John R. Weavers, 57,483 49
VIRGINIA,
Wm., James, 51,688 11
Geo. C. Tyler, 4,194 22
Samuel B. Sterling, 147,352 80
Simon Stone 274,848"87
William Seiden, 703 21
N. D. Kencaster, 16,313 85
John E, Mulford, 14,265 91
Geo, C. Tdyler, 108,628 89
J. H. Anderson, 48,807 17
William E. Welles, 82,277 24
.Otis H. Russell, 28,722 07
E. H. Pendleton, 274,648 94
T. H. Sanbern, 26,464 40
Geo. W. Jackson, 28,443 25
LOUISANA,
Geo. 8. Dennison, 129,863 11
W. R. Whittaker, 82,306 95
Charles Smith, 84,324 26
William B. Benton, 31,453 26
James B. Stedman, 614,754 35
A. Durier, 82,015 14
E. M. Bouligny, 159,655 62
Lewis B. Collins, 651,647 21
Eugene Tisdale, 478,097 20
FLORIDA.
M. A. Willlams, 18,075 84
GEORGIA.
Alexander H. Wilson, 42,803 46
J. C. Mcßurney, 90,761 61
Wm. D. Bard, 64,340 45
Nedorn L. Angler, 8,038 87
SOUTH CAROLINA. 2
Samuel Magrant, 03778 96
E. H. Smith, 1,169 63
F. A. Sawyer, 47,207 71
Total, $37,454,562 44
The above exhibit is far from being com-l
plete, yet the amount of purely official rob
beries which it sets forth exceeds thirty-sev
en millions of dollars! Thirty-seven mil
lions stolen by Radical officials, and yet the
matter has scarcely attracted the passing no
tice of the American people, while three
fourths, yes nine-tenths of the thieves are at
liberty, and no attempt has ever been made
to secure their punishment! But when
Demoerats in New York make way with
half a dozen millions, the continent rings
with the outery which is made.
But this thirty-seven millions of dollars,
stolen by Radical Federal officials, is but a
drop in the bucket compared with the whole
vast amount which has been stolen from the
American people under the sanction and
protection of Radicalism. The Radical par
ty has drawn more than ten thousand mil
lions of dollars from the people since its ad
vent to power, not over half of which, in
cluding the total cost of the war, has been
expended for the legitimate purposes of
government, and yet we have left upon the
backs of the people, a debt of more than two
thousand millions. This debtis now being
paid by the Radicals, who tax the people
five hundred millions for every one hundred
millions of the debt paid, use half the bal
ance for interest and the expenses of govern
ment, pocket the rest and boast of their
achievements Let the people ponder the
matter well in their minds, and then decide
which is the party of thieves.
A Litle Too Fast
Some of our Democratic cotemporaries
are a little too fast in the matter of discuss
ing the next Presidential nomination. Among
these is the Cincinnati Enguirer, which,
along with some other Democratic papers
of lesser note, takes the ground that Thom
as A Scott of Pennsylvania is just ‘ke man
to receive the Democratic nomination—the
most available candidate that can be nomi
nated and this for the reason that we must
look to Pennsylvania in a great measure for
our hopes of success in the Presidential elec
tion.
We are quite willing to admit the impor
tance of the electoral vote of Pennsylvania in
determining the next great national contest,
and, while we do not believe that any one
State or section has the right or should be
allowed to dictate either a candidate or a
platform, we believe that the wishes of the
Pennsylvania Democracy are entitled to the
highest degree of consideration in the prem
ises; but it yet remains to be made apparent
that Mr. Thomas A. Scott is the choice of the
Pennsylvania Democracy as a canditate for
the Presidency. More than this, there is
something else to be considered. Mr. Thom
as A. Scott may be avery good man, a true
patriot and sound Democrat, for aught we
know but the people of the country know
nothing of him either as a man or a Demo
crat. He is known extensively as the head
of a gigantic railroad corporation, the most
powerful corporation, in fact, which ex
ists in America, which position unquestion
ably gives him vast power and influence.
Indeed, this fact bas been urged as an argu
ment in favor of his nomination, and is really
the only substantial argument that has yet
been advanced.
Now with all due deference to Mr. Thom
as A. Scott, with all due deference also to the
Enguirer and other Democratic papers who
favor his selection as a candidate for the
Presidency, we submit that the fact that a
man wields an immense corporate and finan
cial influence, even coupled with the fact
that he votes the Democratic ticket, furnish
es no just basis for the assumption that he is
the;proper person to receive the Democrat
ic nomination for the Presidency. Mr. Scott
may be endowed with all the essential qual
ities for exalted statesmanship for aught we
know, but that fact must be made apparent
before he can receive the endorsal of the
people, or of the Democratic party as a suit
able person to fill the chair of the chief
Executive.
Far be it from us to intimate that a man
is any the less trustworthy, any the less en
titled to the confidence of the people, be
cause he happens to be prominently con
nected with railroad or other corporations.
We do contend, however, most emphatically,
that such a connection furnishes no qualifi
cation for political office; and when the
time comes that the success of the Demo
cratic party is to be attained only through
the influence of corporate power and the
nomination of a railroad king for the Presi
idency simply because of his ability to
command such influence, it will indeed bhe
time for the party to disband forever. We
do not expect to live to see that day. We do
not care to live in America after that day
comes.
A New Paper.
We have received a copy of the new
paper just started in Philadelphia, in the in
terests of the Labor Reform party. We are
well pleased with the general appearance of
the paper, both typographical and editorial,
and are especially flattered by the name it
has been given, viz: The People. It is anJ
eight-page paper,though somewhat smaller,
in fact, than this sheet, is published by
Charles F. Reinstein, and edited by William
H. Van Nortwick, who is an able and vigor
ous writer.
While we do not acknowledge the neces
sity of the organization in whose interest the
new paper is published, we do acknowledge
the justice of the main principles for which
it contends, and which arve identical, to a
great extent, with the principles of the Dem
ocratic party; and so long as the party is to
have an existence, we are glad to know that
it will have a newspaper organ of genuine
ability to speak in its behalf, and to vindi
cate its cause.
In the opening and closing paragraphs of
a long and able leading article, entitled
“What do We Want,” T%e People uses
the following sensible language
Visionary theories and indigested no
tions will never solve the great problem of
Labor Reform. What do we want? First
and foremost we want to give up specula
ting and become practical. We want to
give up the pursuit of fleeting shadows and
‘grasp the realities within our reach. We
want to refrain from debating impossibili
ties, and take action to secure things that
are tangible.”
The people can only hope to secure in
dependence and prosperity by placing men
in power whose interests are entirely identi
fied with their own. To this end Labor
must organize and become politically agres
sive. We want no visionary theorists, no
speculating brawlers, no corrupt politicians
on the lead, or as candidates. Let such fel
lows take a back seat. They are not in
sympathy with workingmen, nor of any
benefit to their cause. If compelled to go
outside of the branches of trade for nation
al leaders, let us look to such men as Chase,
Trumbull, Seymour, Schurz, Groesbeck,
and Gratz Brown, rather than to the tricks
ters and thieves who are ever scheming for
the loaves and fishes.”
One of the Great Radical Gains.
The Radicals have classed Mississippi
among the States in which they made ‘‘great
gains” at the recent election. On reviewing
the situation, ‘however, it seems that the
great gains do not loom up in such magnifi
cent proportions as the public had been led
to expect. On the contrary they have dwin
dled into insignificance, and completely dis
appearcd. Still worse, or, rather, still bet
ter, it now appears that the Democrats have
gained five members in the Senate, and over
thirty in the House, and this, notwithstand
ing the fact that they made no contest in
many of the Districts. At this rate, the
‘next election will see the State thoroughly
Democratic.
We are perfectly willing the Radicals
should crow over gains of this character if
they choose to do so.
The Nashua Telegraph, acting under or
ders from head-quarters, hauled down the
name of Colfax from its mast head on Fri
day last, and came out with a leader in favor
of Grant’s re-nomination. The independent
spirit which actuated the editor when he ran
up the name of Colfax, last March, has been
pretty thoroughly subdued. He consoles
himself, however, with the reflection that
Mr. Colfax will “‘keep.”
Rev. Mr. Stubbs of Lisbon desires the
nomination by the Radical party as their
candidate for Governor, of W. C. Patten,
Esq.,of Kingston, in case Elder Pike declines
a re-nomination. It is useless for him to
express the desire, however. Mr. Patten
will scarcely satisfy the general Radical de
mand. He is not sufficiently well schooled
in ways that are dark and tricks that are
vain.”
Some of the Radical papers are saying
that Grant is now busily engaged in prepar
ing his message. That is all gammon.
There is not an intelligent person of any
party in the country who supposes that Grant
ever did write a message or ever will.
i 7" The Fenton and Conkling wings have
already commenced the strugle for the or
ganization of the New York Legislature. It
is said that the Fenton men are strongest in
the House, and the Conkling men in the
Senate.
Railroad Consolidaticon.
It was announced some months since that
the Philadelphia Central Railroad had se
cured a lease of the United companies of
New Jersey for the term of nine hundred
and ninety-nine ycars. It so happened that
some of the stock-holders objected to the
arrangement, thinking they had some rights
of their own in the premises. They accord
ingly applied for an injunction restraining
the companies from making the lease. The
case was argued at length before Chancellor
Zabriskie, who decided the lease legal, and
it has since been executed by the several
companies.
The New York Commercial Advertiser,
in alluding to this subject, says:
“Another gigantic monopoly is aided in
its efforts, and the same. rude grasp which
throttles other commonwealths is now laid
upon New Jersey. The vast and imposing
power growing stronger and more danger
ous ever{ day, and which from buying up
municipalities has come to be the possessor
of State Legislatures and the Director of
Congressional legislation, has now received
a new sanction and has gained fresh means
of corrupt influence. Itis not of one rail
road corporation that this may be said, but
of many. They have grown to grand pro
portions, and in the pride of their strength
they seek every means of establishing and
consolidating their power and of overcom
ing competition. They are the creatures of
Legislatures. They began to exist by per
mission of the people, and already they
hold themselves superior to the dictation of
those who gave them life and being.
The Pennsylvania Railroad Company is a
Colossus with one foot beyond the Rocky
Mountains and the other on the shores of
New York Bay. Its first calculations were
tomake the Delaware its terminus and Phil
adelphia its point of distribution and collec- 1
tion. But the Delaware River and Bay are
all too narrow and shallow for its ambitious
purposes, and so it comes to our harbor as if
to prove the old remark that all American
railways tend to New York. It has impu
dently overridden the statutes of New Jer
sey by which the State had the right to take
possession of the United Companies in 1888
and now bears supreme sway. While New
York may be congratulated for the increase
of business brought here, New Jersey is to
be pitied for this new %rip upon her inde
pendence, and Philadelphia is to be sympa
thized with as a way station.”
This matter is one in which the people of
New Hampshire may well be interested, for
the situation in which the State of New
Jersey finds herself placed in reference to
the gigantic monopoly of which the Phila
delphia Central Railroad is the basis, is pre
cisely the same as that in which the friend
of the Great Northern Railroad” scheme
would place New Hampshire to that other
Colossus” which would have one fcot on
the shores of Puget Sound, and the other
on those of Boston Harbor. Should that
scheme be carried out, while Boston might
‘be congratulated for the increase of busi
ness” brought there, as New York is now to
be, g 0 New Hampshire might be pitied
for the new grip upon her independence,”
as New Jersey now is to be.
But that scheme is 70l to be carried out,
for happily the people of New Hampshire
have it in their power to prevent it. The
people of this State will never yield the
contro] of their raiiroad corporations. They
will never allow themselves to be made the
slaves of a gigantic monopoly, or their State
to become a mere dependency of the city of
Boston,however strongly Massachusetts capi
talists may desire it, however zealously they
may labor for it. Individual citizens of New
Bampshire may be hired to betray their
State by Massachusetts gold, but the great
body of the people cannot be corrupted or
enslaved.
A New Hampshire Man in Georgia.
A writer in the Augusta, Ga., Constitution
alist, urges the justice and propriety of se
lecting the State Treasurer, Hon. Nedom L.
Angier, to serve out the unexpired term of
the recreant Bullock, as governor of the
State. He says:
“Mr. Angier, from force of circum
stances, is perfectly familiar with the finan
ces of the State. The hundreds of thou
sands of dollars in bonds that have been is
sued, their status, etc., he has, at heavy
personal cost, ferreted out, and the acts of
Bullock connected therewith, and immediate
ly over his own signature he would expose,
through the press, the villainy he had trac
ed up, and by so doing he brought to disap
pointment and grief the pr(()ljects of an un
scrupulous and miserable adventurer.
Now, Mr. Editor, let the people of Geor
gia show their gratitude to a faithful servant
by putting him in the Gubernatorial Chair
for the brief unexpired term,’ since by his
bold and manly course that ‘anexpired
term’ has been saved to the people of Geor
gia, which otherwise would have been the
year for plunder if not the total bankruptey
of the State.
N. L. Angier is truly a Democrat. e ac
cepted reconstruction as a necessity, and,
when Georgia elected her United States
Senators, after the war, in the persons of
her greatest and noblest sons, Alexander I.
Stephens and Hershel V. Johnson, imme
diately N. L. Angier, of his own volition
and sense of duty, urged incessantly upon
the ‘powers that be’ at Washington the ad
mittance of those distinguished gentlemen
to their seats in the Senate. Though he
acted with the ‘reconstructionists,” no soon
er had that hydra-headed monster, Radical
ism, synonimous with corruption and plun
der, showed itself, than it encountered in
stanter a formidable foe in the person of N.
L. Angier.
Give Lim the one year of ‘unexpired
time,” and let him show the people of Geor
gia that he can and will do more toward re
claiming our ruined fortunes in one year
‘than perhaps any other good citizen of Geor
‘gia could do under like circumstances.”
What renders this a matter of peculiar in
terest to the people of this State, is the fact
that Mr. Angier, is a native of New Hamp
shire, born and reared in the town of Ac
worth. He is not a carpet-bagger of the
Joe Abbot, class, however, who have saddled
themselves upon the people of the South
since the late war for purposes of plunder;
but became a citizen of Georgia in his early
manhood, long years before the ontbreak of
the war, and labored zealously for the pros
perity of the State, and secured the confi
dence of the people, having been made May
or of the city of Atlanta some time before
the war commenced.
g% One of the most significant facts which
the New York election illustrates, is that
the Democracy will give nc countenance to
thieves even in their own ranks. While the
Radical Convention itself was engineered
and controlled by thieves, the Democratic
Convention not only shut out the thieves
from its midst, but denounced them and
their practices in the strongest terms; and
after all this, the Democracy of the State, in
their desire to put down and punish the
thieves in their own body, so far lost sight
of the general party cause, that the Radicals
were enabled to secure the advantage and
elect their State ticket as well as a large
majority in the Legislature.
The Radicals are never thus influenced.
When their officials indulge in robbery and
defalcation, they are protected, instead of be
ing rebuked or punished. The matter is
‘“hushed up by a compromise, or a secret
investigation is held which finally settles it
that there was a mistake and nothing was
really stolen, or, as in the case of Mr. Col
lector Bailey, who is now enjoying himself at
Valparaiso with his cool million, the thief is
allowed to leave the country without the
slightest attempt to detain him.
And this is one difference between the two
parties.
The New York 7'ribune intimates that the
contest for the place of holding the next
Radical National Convention is narrowed
down to New York and St. Louis; but the
Journal contends that Boston is just the
place for the Convention.
A call has been issued for a meeting of
the National Republican Executive Commit
tee, to be holden at Washington on the 11th
of January, to decide upon the time and
place of holding the next National Conven
tion of the party,
Radical Dissensions in the Districl]
of Columbia.
They arc having high old times” in the
Radieal camp in the District of Columbia,‘
just now. They are all fighting for the
spoils, and consequently, do not harmonize
exactly. In their District Central Commit
tee recently, there was a regular *sot-to®
between Mr. Sergeant-at-Arms Ordway,
District Attorney Cook and others. Cook
reviewed the situation and declared that he
believed the Republican party in the Dis
trict, was going to the devil as fast it could
go, and it was owing to the machinations
and chicanery of the parties in power under
the advice of a man whom he could name.”
The following interesting colloquy then
occurred
Mr. Ordway—l want to know whether
you are in favor of the election of the Dis
trict Attorney
Mr. Cook—l am in favor of the Sergeant
at-Arms being elected. If you were so much
in favor of electing the District officers, why
didn’t you register and vote.
Mr. Ordway—you know the reason well
enough, you rascal. You know that Alex
ander Shepard and Governor Cooke came
to my office just as I was going out to reg
ister, and told me that they were ina tight
place, and wanted me to go down and get a
steamboat to bring up two hundred colored
voters from the fishing shores. I worked
until six o’clock, as they will bear me wit
ness, and went down the river to get two
hundred men to.be brought up here. After
wards the Register decided, and the Gov
ernor changed his mind and closed the reg
istration that night. At 6 o'clock, when I
was down, I went to the chairman of the
Registration Committee to explain the posi
tion I was in. The Governor assured me
that I should be registered, and I then went
to the Chairman and asked him to take my
name and I went further than that. I had
been assured by the Governor that it should
be put on the record, and I went to the bal
lot-box with my vote and tried to get it in.
[Here a man by the name of Collins Cru
sor interposed.]
Mr. Cook said that man (Crusor) had got
$25 from Mr. Chipman for his vote,and then
had refused to vote for him.
Mr. Crusor—You lie, you despicable
wretch. You know you once told me,when
I wanted to support Governor Cooke and
Shepard, that it was as easy for the leopard
to change its skin as for Cooke and Shepard
to become Republicans. You opposed Chip
man until you were bribed, and you know
it. You asked me to support Bowen, until
you sold him out.
Crusor then went on to explain that he
had received $25 from Gen. Chipman to buy
up delegates, but he had expended the
money faithfully, and he had the receipts.
He then flatly styled Cook an infamous liar,
who was not to be trusted.
During this time Mr. Cook was standing
with eyes cast down, twirling a glass of
water in his hand.
Mr. Crusor (to Cook)—Have you got a
gold watch and S6OO in your pocket
Mr. Cook—Yes, and I spent the S6OO for
the party, and I have the receipts.
Mr. Crusor—Did you write the receipts
yourself? (Laughter).
Mr. Crusor declared that the committee
had investigated the charge against Cook,
who had not been able to account for the
money he had received. Cook had been a
firebrand in the party. He had used the
colored man for his own devilish purposes,
and had dodged here and there in politics
for personal gain.
Two Confessions from Gramt.
On January 20, 1864, Gen. Grant wrote a
letter to Hon. I. N. Morris, of Illinois, in
which he said
“Ir your letter you say that I have it in my
power to be the next President. This is the
last thing in the world I desire. I would
regard such a consummation as being highly
unfortunate for myself, if not for the coun
iry.”
In the autumn of 1866, there was, it will
be remembered, a serious disturbance threat
ened in Baltimore, and a riot was appre
hended in the event of the. removal of the
Police Commissioners by the Governor.
President Johnson was requested to send
United States troops to Maryland to main
tain order, and Gen. Canby was directed to
proceed to Baltimore, and investigate the
condition of affairs and report. Gen. Grant,
then Commander-in-Chief, was consulted by
the President and directed to make a report
on the subject, which he did on the 24th of
October, 1866. After detailing the circum
stances of the case, he procee?ls to discuss
the question as to the propriety of using the
military forces in the local affairs of a Srate,
and among other things, said:
The conviction is forced on my mind that
Ino reason now exists for giving or promis
ing the military aid of the Government to
support the laws of Maryland. The tenden
cy of giving such aid or promise would be
to produce the very result intended to be
averted. So far there seems to be merely a
very bitter contest for political ascendency
in the State. Military interference would
be interpreted as giving aid to one of the
factions, no matter how pure the intentions,
or how guarded and just the instructions. It
is a contingency I hope never to see arise
in this country while I occupy the position
of General-in-Chief of the army, to have to
send troops into a State in full relations
with the General Government on the eve of
an election to preserve the peace. If insur
rection does come, the law provides the
method of calling out forces to suppress it.
It is difficult to realize that this could have
been the language of the man who is now
filling the prisons of the South with politi
cal prisoners, the victims of military law.
The solution of the contradiction between
the views of 1866, and those that now actu
ate the President is, that he had honest ad
visers five years ago (among them Gen.
Rawlins), and that he had not made up his
mind to become a Repubiican candidate.
He is now the corrupt chief of a corrupt
party, governed by a corrupt cabal, who
urge him to seek a re-election, no matter at
‘what cost.—Albany Arqus.
A Strolling Linguist.
Rev. Silas Ketchum, of Bristol, informs
us that a man, entirely destitute of money
and very shabbily dressed, came to his
house a few nights since, from New Hamp
ton. He had in his possession letters of
recommendation from the faculty of Roch
ester University, certifying his competency
to give instruction in the English, Latin,
Greek, Hebrew, German, French and Ital
ian languages. He gave his name as Jo
hannes Francke. He is a native of Germa
ny, about 60 years of age. He is a gradu
ate of the University of Berlin, and studied
under the celebrated church historian, Ne
ander. Ile came to this country from Ger
many, about twenty years ago, to eseape
conscription into the German army. He
has traveled all over the country, teaching
languages at brief intervals in differ
ent places. He has visited nearly every
College in the country this side of the Mis
sisippi River, and is perfectly familiar with
the organization of all the college faculties.
He has recently been engaged in teaching
German in Rochester, from the faculty
of whose University he has letters of rec
ommendation.
He stopped over night at the residence of
Mr. Ketchum, who took occasion during the
evening to ascertain whether he really pos
sessed the qualifications set forth in his rec
ommendations. Mr. Ketchum’s library con
tains books and treatises in quite a number
of languages, and by calling his attention
to them and through conversation, he be
came convinced that he had a thorough un
derstanding of all the languages mentioned,
and that he also had considerable knrowledge
of the Arabic,Sanscrit, Russian, Hungarian,
Spanish, Portugese, Anglo-Saxon and Dan
ish, making in all sixteen different languag
es with which he is acquainted.
He seems to have no more knowledge of
or care for money matters and the ordinary
business affairs of life than a mere child,and
expresses a willingness to teach any one in
any of these languages, receiving his board
for compensation. On leaving Bristol, in
the morning, he started for Exeter, obtain
ing free passage on the cars as far as Con
cord, through Mr. Ketchum’s assistance.
‘Whether he has succeeded in obtaining a
situation there, we are not informed. If not
successful in finding a situation in this State,
he proposes to continue his travels into Can
ada.
—Comptroller Connolly of New York has
resigned at last, and Deputy Comptroller
Green has been appointed Comptroller.
The Late Storm.
The storm of last week was very severe
throughout a large portion of the country,
and no small amount of damage was done
to railroads, buildings and wharves in differ
‘ent sections, The Eastern Railroad suffered
severely, there being an extensive wash-out
between Ipswich and Rawley, and another
at Humpton. The tide came in over the
track for a considerable distance along the
line of the road. The noon train on Wed
nesday rau off the track at the first mention
ed wash-out, and all efforts to raise the cars
proved ineffectual for the time, so that the
construction of a temporary track on trestle
work, around the wreck, was necessitated.
Most of the trains into Boston by the vari
ous roads were delayed on Wednesday,
though no other roals suffered as severely
as the Eastern.
At Charlestown the high tide overtlowed
the cellars of the houses on Water street and
vicinity, much to the consternation of the
inmates.
At Cambridge, the marsh territory, lying
along the banks of the Charles river, was
inundated to the depth of six feet, and wo
men and children had to be taken from the
houses in large numbers, and conveyed to
places of safety.
Considerable damage was done to the
wharves at the South End in Portsmouth,
and the brig Allston Coombs, from Boston
far Bangor, went ashore at Marvin’s Island,
near the city.
At Portland the storm raged with great
fury,and was regarded asthe most severe for
many years. It rained violently, and the
gale was very strong. At high tide the
wharves were one or two feet under water,
and small boats and drift-wood were carried
some distance up into the streets. Chim
neys and signs were thrown down by the
wind in various parts of the city. Most of
the railroad tracks leading into the city were
submerged.
There was a heavy freshet in Western
Massachusetts, the Connecticut river rising
for a time at the rate of one foot per hour.
The gale was quite severe at New York,
and considerable damage was done to piers
and buildings. At Hudson City, New
Jersey, the damage was very large,amount
ing to SIOO,OOO. The buildings of the North
‘Hudson Railroad were completely destroy
‘ed, along with six cars. The new hotel at
‘Greenville, valued at 815,000, was entirely
wrecked.
The storm extended through the West,
snow falling at many places instead of rain.
The gale on the lakes was severe.
The atility of the weather reports sent out
from the U. 8. Signal Office,giving warning,
several hours previous, of the approach of
storms, was thoroughly demonstrated dur
ing the late storm, much damage being pre
vented by the taking of precautionary steps.
A Hungarian patriot, recently escaped
from prison in Vienna, has been traveling
through this State, soliciting aid to remove
his family from Constantinople to this coun
try. He claims to have been a colonel in
the Hungarian revolutionary army. He
was sentenced to be shot by the Austrian
government, but through the intercession of
a Russian officer of high rank, his sentence
was commuted to imprisonment. He had
been imprisoned eighteen years and four
months, when he made his escape. He was
originally a large land-holder, but his prop
erty was all confisicated. He has vouchers
from several Masonic lodges, and gives evi
dence of familiarity with the Masonic de
grees.
There is a conservative majority of 83 on
joint ballot in the Virginia Legislature,
twenty-one in the Senate and sixty-two in
‘the House. This will be large enough for
all practical purposes. There was also a
‘net conservative gain of about 20,000 on the
popular vote in Virginia, over the last elec
tion. On the whole, there has been an ag
gregate gain of several thonsands against
the Radicals in the fall elections, outside the
State of New York.
—A man by the the name of E. A. Bab
cock, a traveling salesman, was in town last
week stopping at the Phenix. On Thursday,
a lady arrived at the Eagle, registering her
name as Mrs. E. A. Selwin. Soon after,
Babcock called at the office and requested to
be shown to her room. In the eveningthey left
on the up train with tickets for Montreal. It
was subsequently ascertained that they were
elopers from Worcester, Mass. The woman
was a Mrs. Willard, who left a husband and
a fourteen-years-old daughter, and Babcock
left a wife. They were prominent members
of the choir of a leading society in Worces
ter, and their conduct heretofore has been
supposed to be irreproachable, though Mr.
Willard has had suspicion that all was not
right on the part of his wife.
—Mrs. H. M. Miller, the elocutionist,
from this city, was thrown from a carriage
on Monday, 13th, while returning from the
seminary at West Lebanen to Hanover, and
quite severly injured.
—Daniel Donovan, Daniel Delaney, and
a colored boy named Allexander Marshall,
were arrested Monday morning for breaking
into John 1. Eastman’s gun shop, Sunday
night, and stealing a dozen revolvers, six
pistols, a double shot gun, a sheath knife,
and prepared catridges. Monday evening,
wo other boys by the name of Thomas J.
Burke and William Ellis, were arrested in
Suncook, who confessed to have participat
ed in the robbery. Most of the stolen prop
erty has been recovered.
—A vagabond by the name of Gaylord,
about eighteen years of age, recently
ly engaged board of a Mr. Joseph Phelps
on Fleasant street, leaving on Saturday af
ternoon, taking a wateh, knife, neck-tie and
$4 in money belonging to a young man em
ployed at Norris Co.’s bakery.
—The first anniversary levee of the Knights
of Pythias, Lodge No. 8, took place Friday
evening at Phenix Hall. Music by the Ger
‘mania Band, Boston, and supper by Mr.
Crocker of the Phenix. After a promonade
‘concert, about fifty couples participated in
f dancing to their hearts’ content.
—Mr. Elliot A. Hill, who died in this city
last week from apoplexy, had been engaged
‘in the furniture business here for more than
half a century. He was a native of Win
chester, having removed here about 1819,
and commencing the business at once, which
he followed up to the time of his death.
—About forty men, comprising the repair
force of the Northern Railroad, went up on
Monday to assist in completing the Sugar
River road which is to be opened to New
port next Monday.
—There was another light snow-fall Tues
day night, with indications, Wednesday
morning, of rain.
—According to a statement of the treasurer
of the Torrent Aqueduct Association of this
city, there is invested in the water works of
that company $68,272.03.
The Pension Office has comf)iled the an
nexed list of the number of soldiers serving
in the wars in which the nation has been en
gaged since the year 1775:
War of the Revolution, 275,000
War of 1812, 527,637
Seminole War of 1817, 5,911
Black Hawk War of 1732, 5,031
Floridan War of 1836 to 1842, 20,953
Creek disturbance of 1836, 12,483
Southwestern disturbances of 1836, 2,803
Cherokee country disturbances of 183, 3,986
New York frontier disturbances, 1,838
Canadian rebellion, 1,128
Mexican War of 1848, 73,260
War of the rebellion of 1861, 2,638,623
—During the storm last week 50,000 feet
of lumber and 200 cords of wood were
swept away at York, Maine.
—The new observatory on Mt. Anthony
at Bennington, Vt., was blown down last
week and completely wrecked. It was 140
feet high, and cost gSOOO
New Book.
Our Bristol correspondent sends us the
following book notice
“Picture Poems, by Marian Douglass,”
a volume of juvenile pieces, just issued
from the press of James R. Osgocd Co.,
Boston, has a peculiar elaim toour regard.
Their author is Miss Anne Douglass Greene,
daughter of the late Wm. Greene, Esq., for
more than thirly years a prominent and in
fluential business man of Plymouth, cashier
of the Bank in that place, an eminent Chris
tian, and a staunch Democrat of the old
school. Miss Greene has long been a con
tributor to all Harper's periodicals, to the
Atlantic and Young Folks, as well as to
many such smaller lights as Peterson’s, Go
dey’s, Optic's, Merry's, the Riverside and
Nursery. She commenced her literary ca
%reer in the columns of the Southern Literary
Messenger, a periodical once made famous
by the contributions of Edgar A. Poe, and
whose associate, John R. Thompson, Esq.,
now one of the editors of the New York
Evening Post, has ever maintained for Miss
Greene’s efforts, a generous admiration,
and for herself and family a warm personal
friendship. “Picture Poems” are simple,
child-like effusions, abounding in earnest
humor and the comic gravity of children,
admirably calculated to arrest the attention
and win the hearts of the young.
Kerosene Lamps.
The danger from using glass kerosene
lamps is becoming more apparent every day,
and still a large majority of people continue
their use. It is well understood that the
great Chicago fire had its origin in the break
ing of one of these lamps. Reports of sim-]
ilar accidents are met with every day, some
times setting buildings on fire, and almost
always either killing outright or disfiguring
for life some members of the household.
But a short time since, a Mrs. Kentfield of
Bath, this State, was reported as having re
ceived, as was supposed, fatal injuries, from
fire occasioned by the dropping of a kero
sene lamp, which was broken, and the fuid
bursting into flame set her clothes on fire.
And only last week a lamp exploded in the
milliner shop of Mrs. Damon in Hanover,
damaging her goods to the amount of S2OO,
‘though the oil did notignite. The risk from
i the use of these lamps is so great that is sur
prising that they are not discarded by every
body, especially when there is a lamp in the
market within the reach of all, which, ac
cording to the most reliable testimony, is
comparatively safe. It cannot be broken,
at any rate, and from its construction is said
to be free from any probability of explo
sion. We refer to to the non-explosive ker
osene lamps advertised by Mr. Folger on
our fourth page. They are got up in various
styles of elegant patterns, and are adapted
to all sorts of lighting purposes. A call at
Mr. Folger's store on School street, next
door west of the Post-office, will be time
well spent by those who do not want a pow
der magazine in their families and buildings.
RR R SSN O R B PR WO BN
News Summary.
—Four prisoners escaped from Ludlow
St. jail, in New York, one evening last
week.
—dJames Fisk, Jr., has been sued by
Miss Helen Josephine Mansfield, for libel.
She had previously brought suit against him
for converting her money to his own use.
—Late advices from Peru announce a se- 1
vere earthquake in that country, several
whole towns having been destroyed.
—The National Congregational Council
met at Oberlin, Ohio, last week.
The annual reunion of the Army of the
Cumberland came off at Detroit,on Wednes
day, of last week.
—New cases of cholera are occurring
every day among the passengers of the ship
Franklin, in New York Harbor. The pa-.
‘tients are placed on the hospital ship Dela
ware, in the lower bay.
—Two or three hundred persons die
weekly of cholera, in Constantinople.
—One hundred and thirty-three deaths
from small-pox occurred in Philadelphia,
last week.
—dJohns, the Pension-Office swindler, has
resigned. It is said that he will resume his
position as Clerk of the Commiitee on
Claims, in the House of Representatives.
That is the way Radical thieves are pun
ished.
—The Supreme Court of Illinois has just
refused to admit a lady law student to the
bar. Her qualifications were first-class so
far as knowledge of the law is concerned.
—A terrible colliery explosion occurred at
Wigan, in Eng;and, on the 15th. It took
placc after working hours, and the loss of
life was consequently much less than it
would otherwise have been. As it was, six
or eight men were killed.
—The Committee of Seventy are engaged
in framing a new charter and election law
for New York City, which they will endeav
or to get through the Legislature at the next
session.
—Some of the New York papers are dis
cussing Samuel J. Tilden and Charles
O’Connor as probable or possible Democrat
ic candidates for the Presidency.
i —Ex-Attorney-General Stanberry, has
‘been engaged to act with Reverdy Johnson
as counsel for the prisoners held by Grant’s
military minions in South Carolina, and who
are to be tried under the Ku Klux law, so
called. It issaid that funds have been rais
ed by the friends of free government
throughout the State, in order that the Con
stitutionality of that infamous enactment
may be fully tested.
—Three negro murderers were recently
lynched at Charleston, Ind.
—The Secretary of the Navy has just is
sued an order dismissing six cadet midship
'men for hazing.
—Old Ben Wade, who, with Fred Doug
lass and the conceited political pedagogue,
Andrew D. White, made up Grant’s San Do
mingo Commission, is now traveling about
the country in Grant’s pay,trying to influence
leading politicians to favor the annexation
‘scheme, which scheme he declares the Presi
‘dent intends to ‘“push” when Congress
meets.
—A fight between six workmen in a chain
factory at Bennington, N. J., on Thursday
last, resulted in the death of one of the num
ber. The weapons used were chains and
the fight was a severe one.
—The Putnam Fire Insurance Co. of
Hartford has filed an application for bank
ruptey.
—DMr. Camp, publisher of the Newport,
Vt., Express has bought the Boston gtan
dard, and will unite it with his paper.
—Rev. Dr. Howard has resigned the Pres
idency of Norwich University.
—A coal mine caved in at Hyde Park, Pa.,
one day last week, and about twenty acres
of the village settled one or two feet. Large
fissures were made in the ground in differ
ent places, and many buildings were badly
shattered.
—A formidable revolution has arisen in
Mexico and a change in the existing gov
ernment is anticipated before New-year’s.
Oaxaca has pronounced for the revolution
ists, and Gen. Diaz is at the head of a for
midable body of revolutionists.
—The Russian frigate Svetland, with the
long-looked-for Grand Duke Alexis on board,
arrived in New York on Sunday. Arrange
ments were made for a grand reception on
Monday, but on account of the severe rain
storm, the milital:g and civic reception did
not come off till Tuesday. The Duke was
serenaded Monday night at the Clarendon
Hotel by the Ninth Regiment Band. He
proceeds to Washington to-day, where he
'will be privately presented to the President
‘and Cabinet, and Foreign Minister, and will
return to New York to enjoy a season of
general festivities.
—Mr. Collector Murphy, of New York,
has yielded to the overwhelming demand of
public opinion and resigned his office. He
says in his letter of resignation to the Presi
dent that he is conscious that his contin
uance in office will be made a pretext and
occasion for assaults calculated to injure
him (Grant), and the Republican party. In
accepting his resignation Grant assures him
that ﬁe has his unqualified confidence.
—The Almshouse at Chelmsford Mass.,
was destroyed by fire on Thursday last.
Loss about SIO,OOO.
—Senator Schurz lectured in Newark, N.
J., Monday evening, on civil service reform.
Siate Items.
ROCKINGHAM COUNTY.
—Laborers are being ‘swornin” at the
Portsmouth navy yard in considerable num
bers. Each man has to take an oath to vote
the Radical ticket, and give ten per cent. of
his wages toward the general corruption
fund.
—William R. Boardman, of Portsmowh,
late student in the office of Frink Butler,
has been admitted to the bar.
—The fences in Seabrook are disappearing,
now that cold weather has come. They
make first-class fuel for poor people.
—Senator Patterson lectured in Exeter
on Wednesday of last week.
—A Deerfield man named Freese recent
ly shot a gray eagle which measured 7 feet
7 inches from tip to tip.
—lsaac Lang, of Candia, recently cau:,;ht
a cat owl in trap which measured five feet
from tip to tip.
—Mr. Taylor’s new mill at North Salem
is nearly completed.
—DMessrs. Smith Folsom, of Exeter,
have removed their steam sawmill to Strat
ham.
—The Methodist Society at Epping have
made an arrangement with Mr. Frost to
bring out his ﬁmnd allegory and tableaux
of ‘“Joseph and his Brethren” in their church
on Thursday and Friday evening of this
week.
STRAFFORD COUNTY.
—dJohn Hanna of Dover was knocked
down and severely burned by the explosion
of a kerosene lamp on Sunday of last week.
—The Washington St. Society of Dover
have raised $550 in money and clothing for
‘the Western sufferer..
—The winter term of the Franklin Acade
my at Dover commenced on Tuesday.
—The 47th annual ball of the Strafford
Guards comes off on Thanksgiving even
ing.
—The ladies of the Universalist Society
in Dover hold a fair this week.
—There are four barber shops in Great
Falls within a stone’s throw of each other.
—O. S. Brown has been appointed Super
l intendent of the mills at Great Falls.
—Rochester people complain of the inac
curacy of their new Directory.
—The Freewill Baptist Church at Milton
Three Ponds is without a pastor.
—Rochester people are subscribing liber
ally toward the stock of the Nashua and
Rochester Railroad.
—The Freewill Baptist Church at Farm
ington was re-dedicated on Wednesday.
—Farmington is to have a course of lec
tures. Efforts are being made to secure
Horace Greeley for the opening lecturer.
BELKNAP COUNTY.
—The fair recently held by the ladies of
the Congregational Society, at Laconia, net
ted about S4OO. One hundred and fifty dol
lars was realized from the sale of a paper
i called the Old and New.”
—Senator Patterson lectured in Laconiu,
on Friday evening last.
—J. W. Busiel Co., of Laconia, have
been repairing their mills, putting in a new
boiler, &ec.
—Geo. S. Roberts, of Meredith, has se
cured letters patent .for what is termed a
duplex mirror.” It is designed to aid
ladies in the work of doing up the back
hair. R. C. Rollins, of New Hampton, and
Hanson Beede, of Meredith, have purchased
the right for the United States.
—The adjourned term of the Supreme Ju
dicial Court for Belkn::ip county opened at
Laconia, last week, Judge Ladd presiding.
—DMr. and Mrs. A. C. True, of Center
Harbor, recently celebrated the 25th anni
versary of their marriage.
CARROLL COUNTY.
—The fall term of Wolfeborough Institute
‘closed with a public examination of classes,
on the 15th inst. The appearance of the
several classes, and management of the
school were satisfactory to the officers and
patrons. Rev.S. A. Hutchinson of Kittery,
Maine, delivered a most instructive lecture,
Wednesday evening, before the students’
Literary Fraternity.” Hou. Abel Haley was
unanimously elected trustee to fill a vacan
cy. The finances of the corporation appear
well managed, and the school prosperous.
Winter term will commence Dec. sth.
—Our Carrol correspondent sends the fol
lowing
““The Madison mines are to be re-opened.
“West Ossipec will be the terminus of
the Ossipee road for the coming winter.
¢J. P. Cushing is building a mill at Tam
worth.
“The track of the railroad (G. F. C.)
is laid two miles beyond Madison Corner.
““Hon. Abel Haley’s spoo! mill in Tam
‘worth is doing a good business just now.
““The West Ossipee (Bear Camp Crossing)
Lyceum organized, Nov. 9, by choosing the
following officers. President, J. White;
Vice President, C. Hobbs; Secretary,
J. W. Cotton Committee on Debate, F. O.
Hobbs, J. White, J. W. Cotton. The ly
ceum paper, ‘“The Gem,” was read by Mrs.
White, and a debate on the question, ““Which
is the most useful to society, the farmer or
mechanic by E. S. Gillman, and J. W.
Cotton, was had. We shall expect our
West Ossipee friends to give us a good and
interesting lyceum.
i “L. H. &S. W. Bean, contractors on the
G. F. C. R. R. have taken a contract cn a
i Maine road.
“R. G. Sawyer, of South Tamworth, has
removed from town.
“L. D. Mason, Esq., of South Tamworth,
has returned from his trip “‘out West.”
MERRIMACK COUNTY.
—Deacon Samuel Morrison, of Henniker,
fell from a scaffold in his barn on the 2d
inst., and was so badly paralyzed in conse
?uence that he is not expected to recover.
le is 77 years old.
—Willard C. James of Fisherville recently
received a patent on a music stand.
—Freddy Moody, a little seven-year-old
son of Capt. Moody of Boston, while visit
ing with his parents the family of Mr. Jas.
Colby of Dunbarton, fell from the high
beams of the barn, severely injuring his
head, and breaking the thigh bone so tiat it
protruded through the flesh. His injuries
‘were attended by Dr. Buck of Manchester
and Dr. John Little of Goffstown Centre.
—An entertainment, consisting of vocal
and instrumental music, reading, declama
tions and dialogues, Ig the gupils of the
%:'aded school at East Concord, was held at
their new school-house on Friday evening,
under the direction of the teachers, Miss
Sophronia Eastman and Miss Helen M. East
man. The affair was very successful, re
flecting credit on teachers and pupils.
—A Hill correspondent of the Mirror says
“teaming bids fair to keep most of our farm
ers busy this coming winter. A large quan
tity of timber is to be hauled into the mill
yard and manufactured into lumber, while
more wood is to be drawn to the railroad
track than has been for many years previous,
providing, of course, that we have a goodly
amount of snow.”
—At the close of the High School exhibi
tion in Dunbarton, last Friday evening, the
Bupi]s presented their teacher, Mr. S{lvester
rown, with Hume’s History of Eniand in
five volumes, and a copy of Shakspeare.
The term just closed has been an unusually
interesting one.
—Mr. D. T. Neale has disposed of his in
terestin the Pittsfield Times, and proposes
going West. The paper will hereafter be
published by Edward Johnson Co., Mr.
Johnson being the editor.
—The question of having a telegraph of
fice at the depot in Henniker is being agi
tated. It would be a great convenience to
the citizens of the town and vicinity. The
only obstacle in the way is the raising of a
few dollars by contribution to pay for the
apparatus. The interests of the town re
quire that the matter should be settled at
once.
—About twenty families in Henniker sent
three boxes of clothing and money of the
value $l7O to the sufferers in the Northwest,
last week. A few weeks ago the same fam
iliessent several boxes of clothing to Charles
ton, 8. C., for the contrabands, valued at
$l6O.
—Timothy Carter, who lives near Horse
Hill Bridge, had both of his legs broken on
Monday while engaged in getting out ship
timber.
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY.
—The new school-house and town hall just
completed at Bennington is to be dedicat
ed this Thursday afternoon, and close with
a grand ball in the evening. The Nashua
Quadrille Band furnish the music.