THE RUTLAND WEEKLY HERALD, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 187L
8
A Cool Hand,
AN INCIDENT OF THE MICHIGAN FIRE.
A man named Allison "Weaver, who
reached Detroit froiii Port Huron on the
I8th, had a curious escape from being
roasted alive in the north wood?, His
etoryid thua told in the Detroit Free
Press.
Weaver is a tinplo man, about fifty
years old, and served all through the war
in an Ohio regiment of infantry. Up to
two weka ago he wag at work for a man
named Bright, ten miles from Forestville,
as fireman for a shingle mill. Two or
three days before the approach of the
fUmep, which eventually destroyed that
nection. Bright and his family left for
Forestville, and the next day all the men
employed about the place either followed
his example or wade haste to reach their
homes. On leaving. Bright informed his
men that the fire would sweep that way,
and warued them to lose no time in mak
ing their escape. Having no property to
lose or family to care for, Weaver deter
mined, as be says, "to stay and see the
circus out," meaning that he intended
saving the mill if passible. He has a
stubborn sort of a spirit, and the fact
that everybody else went, induced him to
stay. As soon as the men left he set
to work and buried all the provisions
left in the bouse, and daring the day
also buried the knives, belts, and other
liht machinery of the mill, as well as a
stove and a quantity of crockery-ware.
There was a plenty of water in the vicin
ity of the mill, and he filled several bar
rels full, besiies wetting down the house,
mill, stock, and everything which would
burn, scattering several hundred pailfula
of water on the grounds around the build
ings. When night oame and tha fire had
not appeared, be begin to jeer his absent
comrades. Bat his self-conceit soon left
him. About 10 o'clock the heavens were
so bright that he could see the smallest
objects around him, and there was a roar
ing in the forests which sounded like
waves beating against rocks on the Bhore.
He began to suspect that he would soon
receive the visit predicted, and according
ly mado preparations for it. In levelling
up the ground around the shingle mill,
earth had been obtained by digging here
and there, and Weaver went to work and
dag one of these pits deep enough far him
to stand up in. He then filled it nearly
full of water and took care to saturate the
ground around it for a distance of soveral
rods. Going to the mill, he dragged out
a fjur-inch plank, sawed it in two, and
with the narta tihtlv covered the mouth
of the little well. "I calkelated that it
would be tech aud go," said he, ''but it
was the best I could do." At midnight
be rid everything arranged, and the
r -aring then was awfnl to hear. The
clearing was ten or twelve acres in ex
tent, sod Weaver says that for two hours
before the fire reached him there was a
constant flight across the ground of small
animal. As he rested a moment from
giving the honse another wetting down,
a horse dashed into the opening at full
speed, aud made for the house, where he
stopped and turned toward the fire. Wea
ver could see him tremble and shake in
his excitement aud terror, and felt a pity
for him, After a moment the animal gave
utterance to a snort of dismay, ran two
or three times around the house, and then
shot off into the woods like a rocket.
Not long after this the fire came. Weaver
stood by his well, ready for the emergen
cy, yet curious to see the breaking in of
the fUrnea. The roaring increased in vol
ume, the air became oppressive, a cloud
of d ust and cinders came showering down,
and he could see theflames through the
trees. It did not run along upon the
ground, nor leap from tree to tree, but it
came oa like a tornado, a sheet of flame
reaching from the earth to the tops of the
trees. As it struck the clearing be
jumped into his well and closed over the
planks. He could no longer see, but be
could hear. He ssys that the fUmes made
no bait whatever, uor ceased tbeir roaring
for an instant bat be had hardly got the
openiog closed before the house and mill
were burning like tinder, and both were
down ia 5 minutes. The smoke oran down
powerfully, end bis den was so hot that he
could hardly breathe. H knew that the
planks above him were on fire, but, remem
bering their thickness, he waited till the
roaring of the flames had died away, and
theu with his bend and hands turned
them over and put out the fire by dashing
up water with his hmda. Although it
ws a cold uigbt, and the water hud at
first chilled him, the bent gradually
warmed it up until he sxys that he felt
very comfortable. He lemaintd in his
den Until daylight, frrquently turning
over the plunks and putting out the fire,
aud then the worst had pxssed. The
earth around was on fiie in spots house
and mill were gone; leaves, brush and
logs were swept tlean away as if shaved
off, and swept clean with a broom, and
nothiug but coot nod unties wore to be
awn. Alter tbe fire had somewhat cooled
off, Weitver uiarte no investigation of his
caches mid font d that considerable of his
property hud been saved, although he lost
all bis provision t xcept a piece of dried
beef.whU'.h the tire hud cooked as in mo
oven without spoiling. Ha hud no other
resource than to remain around the place
thai dy, during the night, mid the great
er pari of t hi- next day, when the ground
bad cooled enough so that he could pick
bis wy to tie site of the burned village
He wt.s nearly twelve hours going the
twelve miles, as trees were frilling, logs
were burning, and the fallen timber b
in some pi noes heaped up a breastwork
O er which uu one could climb.
Mary Clemmer Ames in the Independent
Alice t'arj'uLvve.
THE FACTS ABOUT HER RELATIONS WITH
KUFU8 W. GKISWOLD.
A story under the title of the 'Un
known Love of Alice Gary," in th news
papers) is still traveling tbrouh the
leiigihif tie land. It asserts that in
hop youih she was fffiiDoed to Uutos W
GriswolJ that he Was false to her for
snking Lr for a woman of the world;
thit lot after whin he return d to New
York tiin.'tlts poor and sick, she for
gave hiui the great wrong be had done,
and nursed him till he died. Ihi ttior,
in many conflicting phases, was often, to
her preat annoyance, told of her doring
b r life. The fact that Rufus W. Gris
wold did in 1 i last will bequeath to her
bit personal ttb.cts was made much of iu
printed aud pri? ate circles, aud used as
uu unanswerable roof that at one time
ne naa oeen rer jover. wuhin a
week I have read a letter to the
New York Evening Post, that the will
proved the love auo relationship between
the two persons beyond a doubt. Yet no
less, in its foundation, the story ia false.
y x i
Atiierring to it once, wr lie we two set
alone together, Alice said to me "I will
tell you jut the truth. If you ever think
it neosary, you can tell it. Be
reavement in death and in life had made
ber Western home too desolate to be borne.
These, with the impulse of the brave will
that served her to the last, brought her to
New York to make not the life that she
would have chosen for herself, yet a life
worthy to be lived. "Ignorance stood me
in the stead of courage," be said. "Had
I known the great world as I have learn
ed it since. I should not have dared; but
I didn t. Thus I came." Tbe leading liter
a(ert that time was Dr. Rof us Oriswld.
He hsd compiled the books called 'The
Female Fiose Writers and 'The Female
Poets of America.' He was sharply on
the lookout for every new genius in liter
ature that appeared. He had visited the
sisters in their Ohio home, and in 1850
obtained a publisher for their first vol
ume, and bad added both their names,
with selections from their poems, to his
Own ''Poets of America TT. W-
j muowr every-
thing necessary to their -moors in the
sphere of labor which they hd ehoseo,
while they praotioally knew next to noth
ing. He encouraged and helped thetn in
many- ways, and thus commanded their
gratitude. For Alice to inaur a debt of
gratitude was to pay it, even t th cost
other life. Yet even the good wiil of
one type of man to a woman is often a
misfortune. Her soul maybe white as
enow; yet he cannot take her innocent
name upon his lips without t-mircbing it
with somewhat of his own vibnt ss. His
vanity has been flittered ty idle women,
till conquest has become not omy me
habit, but the necessity, of his morbid and
miserable soul till, where he knows he
has not wen it, he yet is baee enough to
boast of it. Such a man (juagrtng oy
every record left of him) was Rufm W.
Griawold. He was a man of poetic tem
perament, of fine scholarship, of generous
impulses, and in certain directions of rare
gifts yet no less he was a man of fickle
fancies, of violent temper, which oiten
fell upon his dearest friends of monstrous
vanity, and of nngoverned passions. 'I
was never engaged to him in marriage I
never loved him,' said Alice Cary to me.
'I could not have loved stlch a man, though
I learned him in his beat phases. I came
to pity him, because he was his own worst
enemy. As a inena x owe mm mucD, ana
before his death I found it in my power
to pay back in part my large debt of grati
tude. When he returned to flew iotk,
poor and sick, with certain death before
bim, I, with Miss hired a room and
nurse for bim. From that they have made
the romantic story of my nursing him for
unrequited love. It was old Betsey who
nursed him. You know how big and
strong she is yet even she became worn
out, for bis sickness was long and very
painful. Many unkind, even cruel things
have been said because be willed to me
his personal effcts. Besides tlie books
and pictures which be bequeathed to the
Historical Society, these were all that he
posseseed, and he left them to me not
more out of personal regard than from a
desire to repay as far us he was able the
money which I had expended for bis com
fort during his long sickness.' Ia the pro-
foundest sense Alice Carey never loved
but once. The man whom she loved is
still alive yet gossip, with its keenest
s".ent, has never found or named him.
With all her fullness of aflection, hers was
an eclectic and solitary soul. He who,
by the very patent of his being, was more
to her than any other mortal could be,
might pass from her life, but no other
could ever take his place. A proud and
prosperous family brought all their pride
and power to boar on a sou to prevent his
marrying a girl uneducated, rustio and
poor. 'I waited for ono who never came
back,' she said, 'yet I believed he would
come until I read iu a paper his marriage
to another. Can you think what life
would be loving one, waiting for one
who would never come 1' He did come
at last. I saw him. His wifa had died.
Alice was dying. The gray-haired man
sat down beside the gray-haired woman.
Life had dealt prosperously with him, as
is its wont with men. Suffering and
death bad taken all from bar save the lus
ter of her wondrous eyes. From her wnn
and wasted face they shone upon him full
of tenderness and youth. Thus they met
with life behind them they who parted
plighted lovers when life was young. He
was the man whom she forgave for her
blighted and weary life, with a smile of
parting as divine as ever lit the face of
woman.
JVotes of the Day.
It is computed thnt a Milwaukee sew
ing society can blast a person's reputa
tion la seven minutes.
A California lawyer claimed that a
man has a right to shoot another for
pre-existing provocation.
The unattractive but possiblv not
wholly inappropriate name ,of a Kansas
City tailor is Swindler..
An ichthyosaurus has been found in
Georgia, and Southern editors are investi
gating their dictionaries.
One of Chicigo's leading business men
announces that he ia at present a "gilt
edged pauper."
Its pretty name doesn't prevent Repo
line from non-exploding at New Orleans
on an average of twice a dsy.
Annapolis Bennedicts excuse the
scratches on tbeir faces by saying that
they have been fooling with the cat.
A recent leading editorial in a Rich
mond paper was printed entirely in capi
tals, small capitals and italics.
In sinking a shaft for coal latrly in
Kansas City, a vein of what is believed
to be peuoil slate wa discovered.
Mr. Rangiovanni O'Dwyer Phoebus
what a nrnie is an English tenor, who
proposf s to eclipse Sims Reeves.
In a Chinese illustrated edition of the
"Pilgrim's Progress,'' Chrintitn is en
dowed with an extensive pig tail.
Amnre the remarkable signs of
Chicago' recovery is the daily art.ertine
ments of baseball games to come off.
The King of Siam made Mr. Seward h
present of n Kphnnt, vthirh he wis re
luotlantly forced to decline.
Pekin guide bot k are about the size
rf a dictionary, and have, on an average
160 chapters.
An inhuman Swede hss invented an
other explosive, much more effective than
any hitherto discovered.
A New York newspaper correspondent
ssys "his very soul was m lied up in hor
ror." by a certain incident of the Chica
go fire.
Notfindtng any money in tbe bouse, n
disguised Kentufky burglar made the
fnmily get up and cook bim some supper
Eleven persons were fined for profanity
m a Washington police court ne day re-
cetitiy and Uongress not in session
either.
8honld tbe Communists carry out. tbeir
ideas Hgaiiist the aristocracy and nobility
there wtuld be no titles even to prop'
erty.
A Missouri lady advertises for a per
son who is in the habit of seranad'ng her
so stand nearer the house so that she can
scald him.
An Indiat 'an tried to stop a balance
wheell ii a stationary engine, and ha
la-en luiiitiK double somersaults ever
since
A sick man was told that his wife
would probably marry again. "All right,"
said he, "for there will be ene man to la
ment my death."
A sentimental French youth usurped
the function of Atropos, and cut the
thread of bis existence with the scissors
of the lady who did not requite his
love
The action of the colored people all
over the country in regard to Chicago ia
very commendable. They have tub-
scribed liberally for the suffarers.
Eighty-four fires in New York last
mouth.
A New York farmer killed himself by
lifting a barrel of potatoes.
Immigrants are pouring into Texas,
and the Ttxans are glad of it.
The little dispute between Fisk and
tbe Mant-fields is called the "Jim-Josie
Jaw."
The Cleveland police report shows that
more married than single females were
arrested in October.
The survey of the Keokuk and St.
Lonis Railroad has been completed to the
Lincoln county line.
The Louisville board of health is look
ing out sharply for the sale of unwhole
some meat and vegetables.
Trofessor Strawinski keeps a "school
for manners" in Cleveland. Aakei.,
Pope he imparts a genuine polish to his
pupiis.
The western rivers are so low that the
cattle wade ia the channels, and it is
proposed to provide tha steamboats with i
cowcatchers,
It is stated that three hundred thou
sat.d hogs will fee packed at Louisville
tM seasor, being tixty thousand moro
than last year.
It is estimated that, out of the 110,000
people rendered destitute by the Chica
g fire, G5,000 were relieved in that city,
while 350,000 are traveling on refuge?
passes.
Pennsylvania has an inhabitant who
can claim great distinction for meunness.
His scandalous conduct drove hi- wife
into convulsions, during which he stole
her pocket-money.
In a public fzame of billiadr?, Ameri
can caroms, 1000 points up, at Buffalo,
recently, Gamier made the fine average
of 831, and defeated his opponent, Joseph
Dion, by nearly 300 points.
Graoe Greenwood calls Brigham Young
a "mysterious, masterly, many-sided and
many-wived man." If his wives origi
nated like Eve he would need to be
"many-sided" to meet the demand for
ribs.
A grand jury atTerre Haute has foond
a bill against two peddlers who sold bits
of sented candles as "sohdined perfume
ry."
Winter Grazing. This term will
strike the Eastern reader unpleasantly
for it is associated in his mind with bare
fields, stack-yards, frozen earth, and
shivering cattle. In the trans-Missouri
country, we have a vast region where
winter grazing is a fixed fact, without any
of the disagreeable accompaniments of the
rainy and snowy climates east of the
Mississippi. The eastern limit of this
climate is about the 98th degree of longi
tude west from Greenwich, which crosses
the Union Pacific R. R. near brand Is
land. Nearly all the country west of this
line, extending from Texas far into the
British Possessions, is one vast natural
pasture the year round. The climate is
not well understood by manv of our East
ern people. It is entirely unlike that of
the Atlantic and Mississippi V alley states.
Judged by our standards at the East,
four-fifths of this region would be unin
habitable on account of its elevation above
the sea level. Ou this coast, seven thou
sand feet would be about the snow line.
In the Rocky Mountains it is nearly
twice that hight. They have good sum
mer weather in its season at ten thousand
feet above the sea level, and it is only the
cool night3 that make the raising cf
Indian corn impracticable. The terminal
line of vegetation on the White Mountains
is about 5,000 feet, on the Alleghanies
5,500 feet. The grasses grow luxuriantly
on the Rocky Mountains up to ten thou
sand feet, and we have seen a heavy growth
of timber on Pike's Peak, and on other
summits, as far up as 12.000 feet, and a
smaller growth of evergreens 15.000 fret
high. In the North, South, and Mid.lle
Parks, eight to ten thousand fWt above
the sea level, the winters are less sever
thau in the Atlantic States. The rainfall
over the greater part of this region is
about twenty inches annually, and the
larger part falls in the month of May.
This gives the grasses a vigorous start,
and in June they are fully matured. By
the 1st of September these grasses have
become a perfectly cured hay, as nutri
tious as any the Eastern farmer puts into
his stacks or barns The proof of its ex
cellence is the fact that thousands of sheep
and cattle feed upon it all winter, and
come out in the spring ripe for the butcher.
There is none of that pining which is in
separable from all out-door feeding in
winter in the Fastern States. There are
not only the bunch and gramma
grasses, but the species are numerous, and
every valley has its complement of them.
This fact of abundent fodder for all gram
inivorous animals is as well estatlibed as
any fact in our agriculture It is i his
which makes this vast rpgion so attractive
to the stock-grower. Ameruan Agricul
turist. To Make Boys Good Farm,.ki
The American Agriculturist says In
duce them to take an interest iu the farm,
in the impliments. in the stock tell them
all your plans, your successes and failures
give them a history of your own life and
what you did, and how you liyed when a
boy but do not harp too much on the
degenerate character of young men cf the
present age praise them when you can,
and encourage them to do still better.
Let them dress up in the evening instea 1
of sitting down in their dirty clothes in a
dirty room. Provide plenty of light
Thanks to kerosene our country home can
be as bnliiautly lighted as the gas lit
residences in the city. Encourage the
neighbors to drop in evenings. Talk
agriculture rather than politics speak ot
the importance of large crops, of goo.i
stock, of liberal feeding, and of the advunt
age of making animals comfortable, rath -r
than of the hard limes, low prices ar.u
high wages. Above, all, encmiriige tiie
boys to read good agricultural books.
Papers are well enough, but ait intelligent
boy wants something more. Get him
some good agricultural book to sttn'y.
Head it with him, and give him the bene
fit of your experience and criticism. Wh-i.
he has mastered this, give him anoth-r.
In our own case we owe, our love foi
farming principally to the fact that our
father told us of everything that h was
doing on the farm answering all the
questions, and encouraging rather than
refusing, our child like des;re .f helping
him to plough, to chop, to let od watei.
and fire the brush heap.
Warm Watkk Fun Planus Kew. H
Q. Williams, of Vermont Ktt N"en
School, at CaMtleton, tyriec n; ota thie iu'f.
jeel a follows
"I see some remirka in yonr monthly
report upon the tent fit ot watering honse
(.Iniita with warm water. Last winter
we had about one hundred plants iu tbe
house and nnally gave them warm water,
and very ?r quently water that was such
too warm tor the hand. Some watr at
or very near the boiling point has been
poured into the saucers ot the cote and
juat on the sides. We have about fort
persons in the family, from differ, or
parts of the country, and tbeir tettimou
ia that they never saw so fine gerauiu iiM,
heilotropes, fuchsias, verbenas, pamiio'
flowers, oleanders. These plants show
very marked improvement; others hivr
flourished finely under th treatment."
MARRIAGE GUIDE.
EVERY ONE HI8 OWN DOCTOR.
A private instructor for married persona or
those about to be married, both male and femaie,
in everj thing concerning the physiology aad re
lations of our sexual system, and the production
and prevention of offspring, including all ti e new
discoveries never before given in the English lan
guage, by Wm. Yonng, M. D. This is really
valuable ana interesting wors. it is written ra
plain language for the general reader, and is illus
trated with numerous engravings. All young
married people, or tboae contemplating mairiage,
and having the least impediment to married life,
should read this book. It discloses secrets that
every one should be acquainted with still it is a
book that must be locked up and not lie about the
house. It will be sent to any address on receipt
of 50 cents. Address D. WM. YOUNG, No,
416 Spruce Street above Fourth, Philadelphia.
42:w6mo8
Dr. P. V. Pierce, of Buffto, N. Y., sole propri
etor otDr, Pace's Catarrh Remedy, whese name
ie printed on tha wrapper of the genuine, has for
over three years offered, through nearly every
newspaper in the United States, a standing re
ward of 500 for a case of Catarrh in the head
which he euro it cure. That he has treated thou
sands of casa and had no claim presented for
tha reward from any one who his made a thor
ough use of his means of eure, is strong and con-
closive evidence that he possese sure means of
curing this loathesome disease. The Catarrh
Bomedy is sold by all druggists, or tent by mall
on receipt of sixty cents. 568,
Twenty-Eight Yeabb' Practice. In the
Treatment of Disease incident to Females, has
placed Dr. DOW at tbe head cf all physicians
making: such practice a specialty, and enables him
t guarantee a speedy and permanent cure in the
worst Ciaar of Su ppiession and all other Menstrual
Dt racgtmen s, from hatever cause. All letters
for advice must contain $1. Office, No. 9 Endi-
col t Street, Boston.
N. B. Board furnished to those desiring to re
main under treatment.
Boston. July, 1871 wlvr
JRENCH BABEOWS
Have just opened opened ajarge and attractive
stock of
FAJTCY GOODS,
LACES,
GLOVES,
HOSIERY,
FK1NQE8,
GIMPS,
And DRESS TRIMMINGS of all kinds in the
latest styles. Also
BLACK ENGLISH CRAPE
MILLINERY,
L4.CES,
FLOWERS,
BLACK AND COLORED FEATHERS
VELVETS.
AND
A large assortment, of NEEDLEWORK,
EUUES and INSERTING3 very cheap,
RIBBONS IN GREAT VARIETY.
CCall and examine goods and prices."53S
FRENCH BARROWS
No. 5 Merchants' Row, RUTLAND.
September 20, 1871.
rJ"nE BECKWITII
SHU' ING MACHINE
FUU TIIK MILLION.
ONLY TEN DOLLARS
I'lf'ul nt' 11
tn-r, (j i
N.eiiits.
liJe in I hree
THE FIllST REAL SUCCESS IN PRODUC
ING A VALUABLE. LOW-PRICED
MACHINF.
The iM'h;iw proner ha but six parts, weijfhn
hat on pouml, anil cu be conveniently carried
in Hriy's B'che I he feed i invi-ible I je
hy tar thu surenr, most even and ensi-st to retn
lae, and eq'tay ailajted r.o all kinds and quali
ty of ariHKlM It, han neither wheel pally, coirs.
tr-aile, n r crank 1 Heno in alnot devoid nf
trie ion, e' in ihu-ti or ttiin c'oth it easily makes
upwrda of 3S0 -titchea per minute.
It is semi-Klt-Oierat.iii) or in othi-r words,
a?pro force the e le out of the cloth, tliu
clivulin the labnr with 'tie operator.
lr& price reac he all cononiors, while Us sim
plicity adapts it to ail capacities.
AGENTS WANTED IV EVERY TOWN,
Active business women preferred.
A. lrw H. W. BECKWITff,
Gknkbal Agent,
Weat Granville Corners, N. Y.
3T Mrs. K. M. filorum, of Rutland, is Asretit
for the Machine, an1 persons deMrlDfr to gee it
-hould call at No. 57 Went street. oct7dldaw
SPECIALTY
DYSPEPSIA.
Ihir is BOt a new preparation, to be tried sad
juiid wanting. It has been prescribe! daily for
r any j ears in the practice of an eminet physi
r.an, with unparalleled success. It is NOT ex-
T ed or intended to curs all the diseases to
iiuih the tinman family is subject, but is War
.t' d to Cure Lynpeppia in its most obgt inate
'o ri, re let being always obtained from the first
ii k, Mn(5 a permanent cure eSected when properly
c-iofnurd.
b. iseoftha symptoms of Dyspepsia are Loss
f Ajipetite, Wind and Rising of Food, Dryness
..i tneMou'h, Heartburn, Distention of the
r'tot'iach and Bowels, Costiveuess, Headache,
U K'X'nesa, blneplessness and Low Spirits; unless
c ifd i surely affects the mind as well as the
r.'. wi iititi-s one for thu duties of life In a
ao' t.iu.e.
fiejiared only by
H. G. WHITE.
1 oi jale in Rutland, by E. C. Lewis aud Cum-
mlntfs Hi Wing.
PKICB, $100 PER BOTTLE.
8eptl4dlw&w3mos
JONKY CANNOT BUY IT J
t"R RIGHT IS PRICELESS It
BUT THE DIAMOND SPECTACLES PRE
SERVE IT.
IF YOU v ALUB YuUR EVKPIGHT USE
xtijse rwrtect lent-e. uiou id f -cm Sliuu'e Cis
tal Pebbles m.ltd totethr, and arrive their
nam- "iJixmoixr on account ot their hrdnes
ana nrl'llaucy. 'Ihny will u..t many vears wuh
out nhan, -n l aie warranted suiiprior to all
d'heri, tManuIaot..r(t hv J. E SPENCBR Sr CI I.
N Y. Ca itiou. Unless stamped with our trade
mart.
BAILEY PARKER, Jewe'ers and Optic'ans
a.c cine nK'um lor nuijjtma, v c, jTroott whom
they can only tie obtained. Ho peulers employed.
oi:wiyr.
ST
RAYED OH STUlilfi.Hr.
tf ml n a Jber
W v. -z .ii 2 g

s 3 v5 es 71 1 1 s
A chestnut or dark sorrel mare, with white
l8 and kidw white in her forehead also, one
small black y-arlinfc nult, raved or wer stolen
from the pasture of Enoch Smi'h in Shrewsbury,
on or about The Mh of October. Whoever will
ive information or return them to the BUbacri
er, will ce suitably rewarded.
ENOCH SMITH.
CIareAdc,Octl2Sl87I.. didw3w 1
COMMISSIONERS' NOTICE.
The undersigned, having been appointed by
the Hon. Pr-ibate Court for the District of Rut
land, Commissioners to receive, examine and ad
just all claims and demands of all persons against
Arvin F. Spencer late of Rutland, in eaid Dis
trict, deceased, hereby give notice that we
will meet for tbe purpose of examining and
allowing said claims at the store of B. H. Burt,
in Rutland, in said district;, on the second Tues
day s of January and April 1872. from 1 o'elock
p.m., until 5 o'clock p. m,, each of said days, aud
that six months from the 24 h day of October,
A. D. 1671, is the time limited by said Court for
said creditors to present their claims to us for ex
amination and allowance.
Dated at Rutland, this 4th day of November,
A. V., 1871
GEO:wTmLLTARD. Commissioners.
45:w3w
COMMISSIONER'S NOTICE.
The undersigned, having been appointed by
the Hon. Probate Court for tbe DiBtrint of Rut
land, Commissioners to receive, examine and ad
just all claims and demands of all persous against
John L. Marsh, late of Clarendon, in said
District, deceased, hereby give notice that we
wiU meet for tha purpose of eamining and
allowing said claims at tbe residence of th
late deceased, in said Clarendon on tbe second
Tuesdays in December 1S71, and April, 1872,
from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'c'ock p. m., each of
said days, and that six months from the 17th
day of October, A. D. 1871, is tha time limited
by said Court for said creditors to prefent their
Claims to us for eximination and allowance.
Dated at Clarendon, this 24th day of Oc
tober, A. D. 1871.
ENOCH SMITH, Commissiorers
HANNIBAL HODGES, f t-ommissiorers.
45:w3w
CTATE OF VERMONT,
O DISTRICT OF FAIRHAVEN, ss.
The Probate Court for the District of Fairhaven.
To all persons interested m the estate of
Henry C. Atwood, late of Castletun, in said
dis'rict, deceased, intestate. Gn-eting
The Administrator of the said deceased,
having represented that it will be
necessary to sll all the real etate of said de
cease!, for tbe payment of the debts and expenses
of administration. Ins mide application to said
Probate Court for license to make such sale.
Therefore,
By the authority of the State of Vermont, you
are hereby notified to appear before the said
Court, at the Probate Office in Uastleton, iu
said District, on the2"thday of November, A. D.
1871, to sbowcause, if any you have, why said
license should not be granted.
Dated at Castleton, in said district, this 3d
day of November, A. D. 1871.
HEaRYL. CLARK,
43:w3w Register.
STATE OP VERMONT, DISTRICT
of Rut1 and, ss. The Probate Court for the
District of Rut.ltnd:
To a'l percons interested in the eftite ot
Eliab Randall, late of Pitttf.ird, in said
district, deceased, Okkeiivo:
By the authority of the State of Vermont, ynu
are hereby notitied to ppear heiore the sa d Pro
bate Court, at the Probst,. ifti e in Ku'lml. in
said district.on the 28; h dav November A.I). 1871.
t sh w cause, if nv you hive, hv the account
of Jeff ey A. R-ndall, execut' r of the list w'l
an 1 testament ot sa'd decas-d should w-t l"e
allowed, and also why the rrsiriueot said e-ta e
should not be distributed to the parties entitled
thereto.
Dated at Rutland, in said district, this31-t
day of October, A. D. 1371.
JOEL C. BAKER,
45:w3w Register.
CTATE UF VKKMOV'T D1STKI0T
O OK RUTLAND, ss.
Be it romemberel that at a session of the 1 10
hate 'oiirr, holden at Rutland, wit hin and im
the district, .f Rutland, oa th-i 2":n day of
toner, A. D. IH71.
Whereas, hdmuiul A. Mor-e.ir'iHrJinn of 'y 11
L. !'likl an 1 t ieoenok Onikoii reriuinv
ot 'till .S ate and m he S'ate .l Kaftans, tmvi
iel e-t te in sa d d s'rict of Ku'lan 1, mak s p
pllcaii n to sad uurf for irerise to se'1 U'e h.- -lowing
described resl e ate of i.is s-iid war's
wit: being all (he interest of h'S sa'd ar1 it
the estate 1 Harr et tr m, dej-ased, repreoe l
infc that then-tie thereof, for h-i pur .oe ot pu'
iug the proceeds el such sale Ht in i rest or mvest
ii'K 'he im in stocks or r al eia e, would tie
beueti lal to haid wards
Whereupon, if. is ordered by said Court, tha'
said appcatiori le referred to a we-sio'i there- t,
to b h-'d at the t'rihatr OUi e. In s'd Kut and
ou the 21st djy of November. A I'. 171 torh-aii'tf
and decision t' ereon and It is further i.riied.
that all persons intereB ed he i outlet her of. b
puhlirat on of notice ot said aplu-tHo aid or.
iler th'-reon, three weeks su 're-a've y in th- I u
land HkhaLD, riirnl at Kutland, tieto'e s
time of bearing. tht they tii-t app-ir .it s.
time and place, and, it tl-ey see caase, ob,ro
thereto.
J C. BAKF.K,
4I:w3at Register.
CTATE OF VERMONT,
O DIKTKICr OF RUTLAND s.
The Prolate Cour' for the District of KuU.iml:
To all person interested in the estnte of Henry
Ra'hho'.e, lat of Rutland in 8id rtis'rict,
decrtufeed. GreeMnic
By the authority of the 8at ot Vermont, vou
are hereby notitied to appear before the sai l Pro
bate Court, at the Prob-tte Office in Rutland, in
said district, ou the 21st day of November, A. 1).
1N71, to show cuuse, if any you have, why the ac
count of Johu M. Ha'l, aUnini-'rat. r "t
th 4 es'ate ot said deceased should not le
sllowert, and a'Ro why the resi-lne of said e-tae
should not be distributed to the partita eutr.li d
thereto.
Dated at Rutland, in said d'stiict, this 24th
day of October, A. D. 1S71.
JOEL C. BAKFlt.
41:w3w Rexister.
STAT R OF VERMONT, DISTRICT
of Rutland, ss.
Be tt remembered, that at a session of the Pro
bate Court holden at Rutland, within aud for
said district, on the 2 ith day of Octobtr,
A. D. 1S71.
Pkkbent: Hon. 'WuHerC. Dnnton. Judire
Whereas, a certain instrument in writing
nnder seal, purporting to be the last will and
testament tr Sophia Herrick, late of Danby,
in said Distiiet. deceased, having been
this day presented to said Court for Probate, and
duly filed in the Register's Office Then foie,
It is ordered that all persons interested in the
estate of said deceased he notified to appear
befoie said Court, at the Probate office in Rut
laud, in said district.on the 2ta day iu November,
A. IJ. 1871, by publicttion ot this order 'hree
weeks successively previous thereto, in te Rat
land Heuald, a newspaper printed at Rutland
aforesaid, to show cause, if kii they may have,
why said instrument in writing shou'.c nut be
proved and and a'lowsd, as the last will and
testament oi the said deceased.
JOfcLC. BAKER,
44:w3w Register,
STATE OF VERMONT,
DlrtTHIOTOF FAIRHAVEN.
The Probate Court for the District of Fair
haven. To all persons interested in the estate of Jacob
Lyon, late of Pawlet in said district,
deceaS'd, Ureetmg
Bv the authority of the Stare of Vermont, you
are hereby notitied to appear before the said Cuurt
at the Probate Office in Cas'leton, in sid district,
on the 2th day or Novtmber.A. D. 1871, to show
cause, if any you have, why the account of A.
Smith executor of the last will of said deceased
should n it be allowed, and also why the residue
of sa d estate should not be diatributtd to tLt
parties entitled thereto.
Dated at Castltton, in said Distiiet, this30tb
day of October, a. 1ST I.
44w3w HEN.RV JL,. CLARK, Register,
COMMISSIONERS' NOTICE
V- The undersigned having been appointed by
the Hon. Probate Court lor the District of Rut
land, Commissioners to receive, examine aud
adjust all claims and demands of ail persons
agnnst the estate of Nirum Ciame, late oi
Brandon, in said district, deceased, hereby tri vi
no tice that we will meet tor the purpose ot examin
ing and allowing said claims at the late dwelling
boui-poline aeceaaeo on the second, luesriat's
of December, lb7l, and tibrmrv. 1872
from 0'ie o'clock until four oV.lm k p. ni
eaoo of sa-d days, nnd that six mon hi. finin
the 17th day "i Otoiter, A. L ISil, is the time
limited by said Court tor sua cre.ntors t( present
their claims to us for examination and allowance.
I aterl at Brandon, f is 3lsg day of O't-'tr,
A. Ii. 1871.
R. .TTTJF..
F. FARHINGT N, i
41:w3w
Com i.U -inner
INT TKR I)lt-T iilOT CURT OP
THE UNITED rt rATE3 FOt THE DIS
DRICT OF VERMONT.
Jn the Matter of
Nelson Paul., J In Bankruptcy.
Bankrupt..
Notice is hereby eiven that I have been du!v
appointed by said District Court assignee ia tie
above euuUcd case.
J. "W. CRAMTON, Assiznee.
Rutlaud. October 31st. 1871. 45:w5r,
TN THE DlSi'KIOT CO. KT Of
X TH". UNITED STATES FOR THE DIS
TRICT OF VEttHONT.
In the Mtt erof
Phiseas C. Paul, j In Bankruptcy.
Bankrupt.
Notice is hereby g' van th t I have been duly
appointed by said District Ojurt assignee in the
ab ve entitled ctse
Dated at Rutland, in S lid Dlstric1, this 31st
day of October, 1871.
J. W. CRAMTON, Assignee.
45:w8w.
gT. AGNES HALL,
A BOARDING AND DAY 8CHOOL
FOR GIRLS.
At Bellows Falls, Vebmost.
Tbe Winter Term will commence Nov. 15th,
and continue twenty weeks.
For Circulars, etc., address
Miss JANE HAP'tOOD,
oetl3deod&w6w Principal.
fcrpHE SILVEBTONUUE."
GEO. W. HILLIARD
Having had y etore male one-third larger
than formerly. I am enabled to carry a much
larger stock than I have ever dme.
15,000
IN
DRESS GOOiDS
WOOLEN CLOTHS
In 100 Different Styles.
SHAWL S
in 200 DitTorect Stylie.
SHIRTING FLANNELS
In 100 D;fferent .Etyles.
1)0! uiL'SDl COTTON BATTING.
Ou- stool; is full nnd cimpV-t-, comprising
i vi rv'.'.wn- in the linv of
MO ODS.
None s'u u'd fail to give us a call before pur
c'iasius. We will couvlace you that we are
telling
F I FT LEX FEH CKNT. LESS
'l'ti n n y :i! our nt igtibor-.
GEL NV. HiUARDb.
37 Mtrchanta' Bow,
Under Bates Honse.
C
1ARR it RLANCIIARD.
'MPORTEHS OF
BRANIIES, GINS, HUMS, WINES,
etc.,
Also dealer in d'e old
B O V H N A N i H Y K WHISKIES.
No. I i I t'ttuNT STIltn Ml Yokk.
W would call the attention of Seiectmen.Tewo
Airents, and the Medical Faculty of the Mate of
Vermont, to our well sele!tel stock of imported
Wines aud Liquors, and choice Bourbon Whiskies,
which we offer on reasonable terms. W would
respttctfully solicit a share of public patronage,
and will if u ir ii.tt",' all liquors purchased of us to
be
PURE AND UNADULTERATED.
All orders received will be pmpiptl) attended to.
CAkK ttl-ANCHAKD,
No. 141 Frout Street, N. Y.
M inni.EBfBT Coi.lfob, June 2. IRH9.
1 her.-b ceiiny hat I have anal ed for Messrs.
Cair !'l:iiictoird. No 141 Kront Street, New
York, to" io"orini inn-led liquors: Boiironn and
Rye v bi-kie, Medei.vran and Holland (it us,
Martelli- Hraiety and wt. Oili Rum, and found
them all to pure and unadulterated and free
from itio.unnio viiitatiiiiiations. and properly ad
miiiisti rei-. can commend them for medical use.
PhoK. IIEN'BY M. SEELY.
Auif. r autv
ii M
vVOK VS
DR. JOHN B IIlHBARIi'S WORM
Physic f T t-e trea'- ent of all k nds of worms,
fits, tee'hing, scarlet fv r, bowel complaint,
colic, dy,.tl eria, c s" iv. nest, ir when, ve aphysic
is required f r iutsnts, children or even adults.
It never has in 'h r y years fi'td to give satia
fa it ion in a' y cie.
avsvillr, Vr. Dec. 30lb, 1861.
IH. HiBUAim Sm: Every old woman knows
von, -nd everj ehod onht to k-o your W rm
P'jsic. The last pod-r I had. r. Lemuel
Oits .n. of tliis to n, g ve o tiis child t w years
oia, a. a tor si m m'l.s in n aocjiu-, 'a the doc
txiscoud not, help it, and did not know what
ailed t.iiu. lie 'ook it. and seventy-five large
wurms came aw y and cureo nim.
(Signedi J J. Kuss, Merchant.
This medicine w th vari- us oher, were sold in
a thousands places In Vermont, on commission,
but now will be sold on cash or 'era per express,
at 50 per cent discount.
AH orders for ca.-h on de ivery promptly at
tended to by
l'ff. Jun.H K. HIBBARD SoNS',
No. 8 utl Street, New York.
42;w$mo.
II A LL'S
EOETAHI E SICILIAN
M AIR
11 K X E W E R.
1 is t he best article ver ki own to
TiESTORM UllAY HAIR
TO ITS ORIGINAL YOITQFIL Col OR.
It will prevent h 11 i- fr mfllingout.
Matr'StheH tr rn'tk -t i?'o -y. urd f(t,.
not train f it n t- o-hei.
Our Tiea'ise id the Hair nt i e y 1.
R. P. H LL CO., Nashua, N. '1. et"rs.
For sale by all drugg tts. I4:vln.u
To the I'ulilic.
Oaelan, Calif rmia. 1
r-'eptembel 28, 1SC8.
Ma. Editor Sir Will vou nlease insert th
fo'lowmg for the sake of placing things in a true
ugat. r. nat Deen reported tu it l have changed
my Dane and am going under an ass a med name
It is not si. I wat b -ra on Kaglish Posses-ions
I am of French extractio ,aod was grafted into
Vermont, where my name was changed from
Francois Exunl Terrien to Edward F. Terril
tbm chancing the Christian name and retaining
th" same family name and tha sama initial it
only b-iag reverse i from F. K. T. to E. F. T. the
same having been changed by my father. l!nni
Term, or by bis irood will and consent mvse f
1..J tr T i i l.j
uuwa.o lo.io, uaviug uu noinisg to do in
the matter at all. If thsre is any wrong Vermont
must be held to an acc .unt. a my father. Louis
Terril. baa exchanged this life, for a better one
and consequently has no account to settle hr
41:w4w. EDWARD F. TERRIU
TnT92NFESSIONS 0F AN IN-
Published as a warning and for the benefit of
rrhn,tmei?aUOtbe,r8- WDO nfl trom Nervona
-r wuu cureu nimsetf andaont
WSM&
CTJRE3
HEART DISEASE.
Qreat numbers are falling vietims to this
dangerous and deadly disease which has almost
resisted the powers of medicine to stay it pro
gress, but we claim tn tne
HEART REGULATOR
a medicine which gives the utmost relief if not a
positive cure. We are receiving trreat numbers
of testimonials to Its cure, both verbal and writ
ten, ane of wh'ch give below.
If you are afflicted in any way with
HEART DISEASE
do not fail to give it a thorough triil and you
will not regrut it.
Concobd, N. II., July 3, 1871.
From a child I have beentubject to palpitation
of the heart, and for the past few y-ars have
continued to grow worse, palpitation being fol
lowed by dizziness and suffocation, so much t-o
that if I attempted to lie down my heart would
seem to cease beating en'irely, causing great
prostration. I was ob iged to have a phy ician
in attendance for nearly a ear. At last he ad
vised me to try Dr. ORAVEV HEART KrGU
LATOR, which I d'd, and have not taken any
othr medicine since. Am nearly we'l, and hTe
great reason to believe I shall get en'inly cured
by Continuing to take the Heart Regulator.
21 US. ALO.NZO MORGAN.
PRICE $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
For sale by
FRANCIS FENN CO.,
24:wly.
RUTLAND, VT.
17
17
I .If u 7(
,.s, rtn
17 im 17
A BETTER STOCK
WATCIIE.S.
BETTER QUALITY
JEWELRY.
BETTER. PRICES!
SILVER WARE
AND
FINE CUTLERY,
At B. M. BAILEY'S.
A
YER'S CHERRY PECTORAL,
FOR DISEA8K3 OF THE THROAT AND
LUNGS, BUCH AS COUGH", COLDS,
WHOOPING COUGH, BRONCHI
TIS, ASTHMA AND CN-
fcUMPTION.
Probably never before in the wvo'e history of
medicine, has anything wn so widely and so
deeply upon the confidence of mankind, as this
excellent remedy fer pulmonary complaints.
Through a 'ong series of years, and among most
of the race, ot men it has risen higher and hi her
in their estimation, as it has become bet er
known. Its unifoim character and power to cure
the various affections of the lungs and throat,
hav. made it known as a reliable protector against
them. W hile adapted to milder forms of disease
and to young children, it is at tbe use tune the
most effectual remea y that can be given for in
cipient consumption, and the dangerous affec
tions of the throat and lung. As a provision
against sudden attacks of Cionp, it should be
kept on hand in every family, and indeed as all
are sometimes subject U colds and coughs, ail
should be provided with this antidote for them.
Although settled Consumpfon is thought in
curable, still great numbers of cases where tbe
disease seemed settled, have been completely
cured and the patient restored to sound hea'th by
the Cherry Pectoral, to complete is its mastery
over the disorders of the LuDgs and Throat, that
that the most obstinate ot them yield to it. When
nothing else could reach them, under the Cherry
Pectoral they subside and disappear.
Singers and Public speakers find great protec
tion from it.
Asthma ia always relieve! and often wholly
cured by it.
BroEchitia ia generally cured by taking the
Cherry Pectoral in small and frequent doses.
For a Cough and Cold, no better remedy can be
had. Take small doses three times a day and
put th. feet in warm water at sight, until the
disease ia broken up.
For influenza, when it affects the throat ot
lungs, take tbe same course.
For Whooping Cough, give small doses three or
four time a day.
ror Croup, give large and frequent doses until
the disease is overcome.
Ho family should be without tbe Cherry Pecto
ral on hand to protect ibem. In case of attack,
from th ah. v com tlair.t. Ii timelv uvi ftn
si's ies he pai lent a gret amount of autferu.g
aud risk, which he w uld incur by waitimr u.tii
he ft.uid getoh.ra'n. Parent, keep it in your
ni-n iw ion ex-.gei cte mat artee. Lives da
lu .nun hf lc btve by i.
"oei.etallv ait io. virtue known. hat w.
need t o pub lsh rerun, ate. of them here, or do
n.t.i- fan -Bsur-! tie public tl st ti,e best quali
ties f ver vi.fsemed are li'-tly maintained.
j r-vn ei r.y i j. i -,m Ay,r frctfcal
ar.' A-alylrM h-n Ma, I ow 11, Mas-., and
mo an roin a tne aoild. eowoa w
yELCH GRIFFITHS'
CELEBRATED
CIRCULAR 8AWS,
SAWS
un. v OA WB,
WOOD 8AW8,
CROSS-CUT BAW8
of all descriptions.
Are Saperior to all others.
STEBT SAW "WARRANTED.
Perfect Satisfaction Guaranteed.
"Por sale bv Hard war. and Country Dealers,
and the ALauofavturen,
WELCH AND GRIFFITHS,
115 H? redi Bt.. 50sroN.
THE
NEW DISCOVERY
Ih Chemical akd Medical Bcrrrrci'.
Dr. E. F. GARVIN 6
soLrnox asd coMPorwD elixir 0r
TAR,
FIRST AND ONLY SOLUTION ver
inone mixture of ALL 1 HE TWELVE ,.2
active pnncipala of the well known tuiJt.
agent. -u.iti
PINE TREE TAR,
UNEQUALED In Coughs, Colds, Catarrh. At l.
ma, ttroachltiB, and Consumption.
CURES WITHOUT FAIL
A recent cold In three to .ix hours and aim,
lU VlTALtJfO, PCEIrYIG and BI1ML
LATINO effect, upon the geneial System, i, rt.
m.rkably efScacioos in all
DIojA.f5E-) OF THE BLOOD,
Including hcrofnlaand Eruptions of the gi
Dypep.'B, Llsea es o- the Liver and KiJttrJ
Heart Disease, and General Debility.
ONE TRIAL CONVINCES!
also, a
VOLATILE SOLUTION OF TIE
For INHALaTION wi'bout application ol
HB VT. Aremaraably VaLUABLK disovery
as the whole apparatus can be crried in the n
pocket, ready at any time tor the mt etfrutuaj
and positively curative use in all Diseases of
THE NOSE, THROAT AND LUNGS.
THE COMPOUND
TAR AND MANDRAKE PILL,
lor use in connection with the ELIXIR TAR ia a
Combu.auon of the 1 Wo most valuable ALTER
ATIVE Meoii-ines known in the Profession,
and renders this Pill without exception the very
best ever offered.
Wend for Circular of POSITIVE CURES to toui
Druggist, or ti
L. t llDli CO.,
BOLE fKOPRlETOrlS,
Uu ii. Ii, bt.,New Voik,
ll:w0m-3mevw-3meow
AMERICAN AND FOREIGN PA
TENTS. R. H. EDD V,
SOLICITOR OF PATENTS,
No. 78 Stat Bt., opposite Kilby Et., Boston,
After an extensive practiev ol upwardsol u,!r!r
years, continues to secure patent in the Vnited
States; also in Great Britain, France and otter
foreign oiuntries. Cavoats, Specincatiuijs
AasurnmentM. nnd all rmriera for Pt.r,,.
executed on reasonable tnim with dispanh!
Research made to determine the validity l4
utibty ot Patents of Inventions, and leijal m.d
other advice rendered on all matters touclm.e
the same. C-opies of the claims of any pa'ei j
furnished, by remittintr on dollar. AssigmiieL's
reoorrled in Washinin.
No agency in the Cnitsd Btates possess supt
nor facilities tor obtaining Patents or ascertain)! jr
the patentablility of invention.
All necessity of a j.-urijey to Wasbirgton ti
procure a Patent, and the usual great delay thtre
are here saved inventors.
TESTIMONIALS.
I regari Mr. Eddy as one of the most capable
and successful practitioners with whom I have hid
official intercourse."
CHARLES MASON,
CommiHHiun.r of Patents.
1 have no hesitation in assunnji inventor that
they cannot employ a man more iuijeteLt and
trustworthy and more capable of mtririj their
phcations in a form to w:urs l 'hem an rj.y
and favorable cousiJerat ior. at the i'ateitt rice.
EDM I'M) Hl'hK K,
Iate ''4iiimLHiorj of P-.teu's."
Mr. R. H. Edilv hasnmde for aie THlh'I KJ-N
apphcAtions, in all but t of m hich pat.ct he
ben rantexl. and that one it novi iieiiii, Mi-L
unmistakable proof ol greiit -slent iii shil'ty -,n
his part, leads me to rMnn:eiid si! mvenuirs o
apply to him to prts-i're tbeli l'aTTjt.s they n.ty
be .lire of having the most faitlfn! ntienlui I,
stowed on then .j-.se", aiir1. -r) rea-oijHU
charges. J '!;N TAGHAKT."
Boston. Jan. 1. 1ST 1. I wlv
R
ELI ANCli V' t ItiK
PE rt" J' ir;
V5
f
PROVIDENCE T
11 Warren St., N. V., -i
2.0-
H
V3
x
AL'- I v"riiUiIKN fri USEI IN
BA.DS al.,
VIOLINS. GUITAR, r n -lulieg jlar::n e'e-
brated Guitars.) VidLOCELL'JS, D' I'rLt
BAS-ES, CONCERTINA", French and G ram
AOCORDEONS, FLUTINAM, P vNJoS, 11AK
MONICAS, FLUTES, PICCOLOS and FLA
GEOLETS, with all things needed Jn th-ir h
or repair, as
BTKlNvSS, Bows, Pegs, Finger VsiarTs, Iln 'f,
Reeds, Screws, c.
Al-o, Tuning Forks, Pitch Pipe", anl Tiinii
Hammers
Manufic'ured of the best stock, or importe'..
and for sale by
JOHN C. HAV NEH CO..
33 Court St., (opporite Court Houe
9:wlyr Bo-vr.
COWLK'S r A TENT TRFAPLK
POWER, adap'.d to all kincs of rewit
M tchine.
Fersous in want of Machines for family tie m
mai.uf tctunni pur,xes areinvi'ed to al
see tnia la or savuur inveuti n. It sav.s .n-b-
belabor. It cannot turn the .ro'ir ar.
has no dead centres anrl can le stoi wl m t-.n' r
Itp'ace the machine under be pel f--t it.tr
the operator by the u- f the f-et sl.n-
i jurious eff-ct. resulting from tbe co ist tn
t the l-ewing M c ii.es ie enir-lv ..f'Vi.'el
toe use ot this TREAD. E I'O KK. I
seen ia opera. ion oit a l kinds f ma-'hii
aaleeio' in,
No. 252 Wa.hinieon fia-t, B iSTt'N.
next door to Jordi, Marsh r-
wanted.
45:wl2 illt.L HOLM-:- a
ab'tshes) lncorpira'eil
i. tl t e a r h t 1 5
Doe. 1(1'
or. r-
r-, ni"--'
Utus-I
it-ii tV
ar.f rV'
(tm"
nd busi
ness m e I
what 1
men a I f-3 am r""" v
Wao h e r a il P cal schouls J
nni meai- u
Good board low. Send f t pp r.
HRYAM ftTRATiUN v v V.
D
ENTISTRY.
a Vim fi.J
D t A.O.W. SMITH "-,',amil' T!.
bu-in-sa. and w l at end a'l wi-bi' tf
ath:houstf. Fu l sets of teeth ou tte
CELLULOID BASE,
For Twenty-five Dollars half sets for T
and a half I'ollars.
Tee'h ri'lei n pricea reasonable.
thee hours tmiu B a. m to i P- IP. m-wja
Castleton, t-ept. 4tb, 18TL,
t r,.in ir.KNT?
-or.. 'TUB 1 KAN-iJlI' N i-Ufc lU,
Physwal Life of Man no-
h arve.l.
ru h arv
llbe-sl
and W wortn boo-. I'ljfr 5 Jn' "nt-
eamp e copy sent, pre, drw jtir
and fu'l particulars, free. mbuiut, B
SMITH CO, x'uDJsi'.tSf 4S:2
n.OlllU iZi -V"T
-ir-
-I C. CHAMB-vnv
I cmianon VetChan'.
M
0 &&?JiLj
I jj 1 ble. t sr.d
I f -T ctu-
I a' lot lne-
i depart-
5 m u t. i n
eoortant
3 nusrtt .n
L3 li'im n r. r