&k(WWHittfl JlllC I
*1 jiail. v<: 1,^ atlv?fco'';; '4 00 SIukIb Copy, for ono your, la advance, ...|lSd
*ix mun!??h. *00 X tlx mouths 101 9
llim) monlM. ,s CTlnh* of T??n IS 0.1
Uin?cr?l by Carriers. of Flnccn 18 M
VOL. XX. WHEELING, W. VA. TUESDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 24 1871. NO. 53 iJlS
??*r. In 160 I'oatmaiiUiri are requested to a?'.t a* Agents.
I
,W|
Financial.
r\8P0SlT013 SECURED BY IN[)
dividual Liability.
TLm i. H ocu^
THE CITY BANK
IL-U in Bl'la of BxchttUKO, United BUU? I
(Mil Coin,?'!?" N?(wU?bloSocatiUin.
"A^dBII"olB?rt DlmianU*
ffi5oSi?w'?"" fSWiU, MuateturJ
iunta Banker*. ?nd othcra. on all acccaalble
e";,r*fri ,L United Statu# and CuiumU.
?lami ui rait |>urchaacra on all the
priSpal Citwa and Towua In Ucruuujr, Uroat
fctttji Si?rl.l Dijioiita.
lowr*tauow i( VkaNOUS, Prwldent.
i DALZBU-.Vlce Prealdent.
f H ECl'Llin. "u
nUlST NATIONAL BANK
P 01i' wiXKBiL>ING.
United States Depository,
cipiui w80'000
"ffffSkWII lnUru,t l"ld
.t.mnl fot ?1? 10 ,ol>.
B"'!?'S("arruMJ ?"11. 3 Knd 5C Colo
iimi nfcti ?cc"mm,(1*Uo?
^iauanu of Kochuu, MumlKtinrt, Btnkg,
ir,d ythurt solicited.
DIRItTOM:
JOHN B. BOTSroHD,
V W cTiubeU,'
j^DUUobb?. (iK01 UB ADAM^t CMhlM,
yim'HANTS' NATIONAL BANK
of wur uhuiku, ?t wuiium.
Capital $500,000.
tiMlllD OoU, O"UI>oll0t Uonil#, Commerclil
f^utatlliuf BICIIMIIO.
HTSHSST 1'iiu OX SI'KCIAL DKI'IMITB.
IUUitM ""J" aU "Hfi Imc44<U
promptly rtmltUd.
irteca# Htiopi. New Fractional Currency, 1,1,
land5c?ntcoinconitantly on band.
dimctom
t s Vince I J?hu H*ndlan.
i.S.KW M'Zl'i
J.W/.Oo.hom.
J. NBWON VANCB, President.
JOllJf J. JONKS. Clfhlcr.
111110 UlT. WmtRUA
SS.T U.T. __.UUOII
IPmoui UMIIHJ
Bankol'Wlieeling,
WHEELING, W. VA.
M.lt Bill* Ol BithMWo, (JovoramentBondJ
Stocli, (told. Commercial Paper, mm ?J 1 Nogotl
iMitMuitut.
INTIRIST PAID ON BMCIAI. D8P08JTB
OIBMN LAMB. Cishler.
JUH8P1I HBYB01.D, Aisll t CMh. ?M8
RATIONAL 8AVIN08 BANK
OP WHHUHtl.
truvrporaUd January 15, 1S6M.
I CAPITAL. 8100,000
I Money received on Deposit Interest ptld o
tocui Depmlta, Not,* and Hills discounts
uchute bought and sold. Collections nmdoo
ill puiDU mil proceed! pn?mptly remitted.
DUcoant Diy-Monday.
DIMKOTOW:
Ttomu II. List, Hubert 1'ratt,
Robert (llbson, H. A. McCabo,
J C. Thomas, Jatuea Mct'luney,
J.LBUfel.
TIIOB. II. LI8T. Resident
J. Mif'LUNBY, Vice Preslden
I P HILORBTH, Cashier.
PEOPLE'S BANK.
I I UFFICI, NO. C? MAIN HTKEKT,
WIIKIL1HS, W. T,
Iuwt received oo deposit. Interest i>ald c
ImulDejxNlU.
Jlota and Dills Discounted. Exchan^o boo#!
mid. GoNeetlou at home or from abroi
CJBplly attended to.
dirsotom:
John JWd. I Christian lit**,
Jobn lUndlan, John Vocklor,
Bamoel J. Boyd, I Richard Carter.
Aadm Wilson. John 1'. Trusclwl,
Thomas O'Brien.
tft JOHN HMD, President.
JOStAI! P. UPDBOKAK1'. Cash'r. myfl
'[11K CITY BANK, HELLAtllfi, I
OirtM W>tff Ht.? Oppoilte Oatrdl Block
i general BsnklnK buefncan: rucclv
B"tiy on deposit rnd pay* lnt?-rc?t on spec'
"jwtlti. dlwounti not.-# and Mil*; deals In B
and National, Hiatoand loc
II Mompjoit attention gl*m to collection!
j Jul! lnn J1 Tlcinitj. Tim corrcspondeo
uSu^i^ IT*. an'1 living Uuilni
?tU?U point follclted.
dirictori:
[J-Anderon, hue Booth,
Join t ev0U* A. P. Ttllmtn,
"taT.Mnwr, O.O. Kelly.
i D m??." A?uanowti, i r"n i
QilEM' FAUMSIKHEE 110ME8
0" THI LIN| Tint
I '"'ON PACIFIC HA II,It()A
A l ASDutlANT Of
12.000,0 00 ACRE
nr Til K
Hi] b" '",1" '"I Ml>ln? Ui4l la Ami
HI ,,Wi? 'hiiiw P?mliw and Gr?
Ua<" oa 'he line of tho ro?u, In the
I lilmli,|? tki Unit PHIUTil
H -llow rrR for fft?h or 1onir credit.
I|?1 v il?dp ar"ln n*ll(j and hotuhf clln
whm u^ld 1?wlnf *n'l ktockniiln^, nc
lnyln the united sutct.
prl?nia?e trnni (imogloper ai
"imtiim ror actt'ai. bitt1.1ih.
^?sfa-^w0l(10ternmo,it 1<#nd b(!ti
o" uar,h plm,p- ?1*n f(3r m'J18
mid/sfl.s of Tito LATH \VA
*1*1 fcirriri.rn rn a
homestead of 100 aoi
din*'"1'" "mlu> to
1-?W MUUNTY OF
Dillon of dencrlptlve
*?twi msP'' frc? rverrwhc
Und Comml f Hotter,?r.r. {IVuo
Omoht, H
^m&EI1'8 flavor
?M. ThJ.,n ,rf warrnntcl eqtiftl t
yn b* rn,,n ,hfl ",riT

',w,or ""W<
,ND,C0 BLUI
'h? W ?rtlc1? in tho tn
if,'.'11 w.111 cn'<" mwc wnte
tan ?n?n.Tfl ?f Indigo ?nd
mwu,:"1' M??|n |4?"
A1lh"P??P "1
I
H tfu """""""""J iireniMi.
I Jtown.
h?s No. M M.ln Itrmt.
UfaSntttiigtmr.
Wr tiuat none ol our Democratic reader*
paused over without a thoughtful reading
the excellent letter ol Prof. Pkndi.k'
ton, printed in our column* last Wednesday.
We would gladly know that they
have taken to heart the counsel he gives
as to the kind oi men who ought to bo
chosen b|jeata in the Convention, and
share the enlightened and patriotic spirit
by which he professes to be animated.
They cannot tail to have noted how different
is the spirit of that letter, written as
it is by an ardent Democrat, from the
animus that pervades and characterizes
aMlhe utterances of their party paper in
this city. Mr. Pkndlbton recognizes
the truth (heretofore affirmed by that paper)
that party politics has no lot or p*rt
in such a body, and while a warm partisan
when party issues are at stake, he
rises above the partisan here, where he
affirms they havo no place.
Will not our Democratic readers ask
themselves how well their Convention Iibb
embodied in their ticket Mr. Pkhdi.kton's
idea that statesmen rather than partisans
are the men to frame constitutions.
How many statesmen can wo count on
your ticket for the Convention 1 IIow
uiany have even respectable abilities V
Which aro the statesmen ol bead and
heart Which the men of far reaching
views We hnve heard it suggested
that the only man on the ticket who
could be accused of knowing anything
IJ Mf.. 1.1 Itia nnrlr nf o
lliai WOUIU qumijr U1U1 tuv nw* V.
Conventionale only man who rises
above the densest ignorance and shallowest
mediocrity?was and la an old line
Whig, and indignantly disclaims being a
Democrat. Even he, while possessing
line Intellectual gifts, has infirmities that
must greatly weaken our confidence In
hia usefulness.
C'au we not appeal to the good sense of any
Intelligent man, to his 7.oal for tho welfare
of the city and to his pride in her reputation.
to say whether he docs not
feel that these would be safer in
I the keeping of such men as the
Republicans have presented in this
county for the Convention, than in the
custody of those of whom tho Regtiler,
with mortification and shame, has confess
eil iticir ashamed 1 Is there not a spirit
abroad better worth our emulation than
a narrow and Jaundiced party zeal f Aro
there not ends to bo sought better worth
our ambition and efforts than a hollow and
valueless pirty aucceas 1 Shall we never
so lar outgrow these shacklea as to be free
J to seek our own good
Wk referred yesterday to the Ikffulfi'i
argument that under the present consti
tution and school law the local board ol
education havo full authority to make
such a division of the school funds as hai
t. been proposed here by our Catholic fel
low-citizens, and that this arrangemen
may bo ejected at any timo whenever i
majority ol the board of education ar>
iiiciiwuifi til do it. Wereler to it again
ft. ?"I"
m to suggest that II tills 1)0 the correc
i, view of the law and authority In. the case
1,1 the election of school commissioner!
Thursday, assumes a more Importan
phaso than an/ one liu heretofore su[
posed. If the board may at any tlmi
at Its option, apply a portion of the fun
to separate schools, as proposed, Uien a
who feel Interested, for or Bgalnst th
proposition, are concerned about til
views of the gentlemen who are cand
ea dates for placea on the board.
Qentlemen, candidates for School Con
i?t mlssloners, the voters of this city are ei
on tilled to know from you before Thur
[JJ day how you stand on this school fut
question?whether you are for or again
using part of that fund for paying tl
tcachors In the schools of the Cathol
Church, as proposed by Mr. Hand!,/
nllian *>n KntinlT nf tllftl(lpnominnLW)
Tho question baa already been sakcdsor
of you but there bus been do res pom
No candidate for the public suflrago li
j) a right to conceal lila vlows on a quest!
ol so much importance as this, wh<
there la any doubt about what they
Wb hope our Ohio County readers w
Ifa. not l?r8ct>ln 1,10 Interest ol other qu
tions at Issue In the approaching electl)
E,?8 that a pressure ia certain to bo brought
l,r bear in the convention by great corpo
lions for exemptions and privileges whl
isle, they cannot claim under the present a
stltutlon. For example, the constitut
now requires that every kind of propei
Bre* shall bo taxed uniformly Willi every otl
Ilailroed Companies claim that on
J"" count of the gcnei-al benefits they c
fcr on the community they ought not u
l/{ taxed like other property holders. Th
is the best of reason for apprehend
reg that the companies will seek to Iflfluei
the convention to so modify tho exist
provisions regarding taxation as to le
a discretion wllli the Legislature to m
special exemptions in the case of r
rraiil corporations.
jh. Wo nirjfht to ask ottniclrps whlcl
I no tickets before m embraces the na
0 ant of men mo?t likely to be pressed Into
1 and service of theso corporations to the bet
,r lht si and Injury of private taip*yera.
llib-r- examination Into the prceent relation
some of the candidates to one great
i poratlon will afford a partial answer,
trkrt,
'mnrh Wb p*rnCTt,y "r8c gn?d men ?n<l
iark?t. In every voting precinct of the count
rn bo early and all day nt ttio polls Tl
day, ami to watch most closely for li
"JB" cry ^c0 that not one rot
jr?w chested out of the honest expresslo
nil views. Hoc that every ticket Is c1<
Inspected. Wo are satisfied that If s
election Is bad every man on our II
may be elected, nnd we insist that not
be left undono to get s fair nxpresslr
rkt. the people's will.
Collision on the P. A C. Railroad?
Mall Agent Killed nud Hod*
llarned.
From the Cumberland JVeia we learn
that a frightful collision occurred on Friday,
on the Pittsburg Connellsville
Hailroad, 09 miles west of Cumberland,
between the mail train west and a freight 1
train east The freight was 40 minutes
out of lime, owing to the miscalculation
or defective time of a green conductor.
The locomotives reared up in deadly em-
brace. The mail car and an oyster car
telescoped, crushing to death Musics Col.uns,
the mail ugent. The baggage man
and news muu escaped as by a miracle. 1
One brakesman had a leg broken, aud 1
other employees were more or less injured.
The engineers and lircmen
saved themselves by jumping. The stove
in the mail car set lire to the wreck, and
the mail, baggage and express freight
(oyster) cars, with mails, baggage ami ex-
press freight, were burned up, Mr. Collin's
body being consumed with the rest.
Mr. Collins was a mail 54 years old, and
a.resident of Payette county, lie had
receutly been appointed postmaster at
Conaelleville, and was running his last
trip as agent.
Nothing was known of the accident in
Cumberland till Saturday, when passengers
arriving brought the news.
Comkts.?There is a stir among the
stars. Encke's comet and Tuttle's comet
are coming towards us. The astronomers
are busy sighting them on their celestial
pathway, through their five-inch aperture
reflecting tolescdpeii; and by and by
it is announced that they will be visiblo
to the naked eye.. Encke's comet must
bo looked for near the star Mirncli in Andromoa,
and Tuttle's c'ofnet Is just now
tracing its erratic course in the vicinity of
t??? 1 flrnnt Hour. A low
VUU ami iiivo, in iuu w?<h.
weeks hcDcu, Ijie wiso mun tell us, that
ordinary mortals who have uo fur-reaching
telescopes to sweep the skies, can I
see these comelic wonders by carefully
canvassing the starry concave. Kncko's
namesake will adorn tho evening sky
with misty light, while Tuttle's will taintly
glimmer before the morning dawns.
Great Interest Is being developed in cometlc
astronomy since the theory has been
started of the identity of comets with meteors,
and that their feathery tails are only
rocky fragments of defunct worlds, shining
by concession and roilcctcd Bunllght,
and olten descending to the earth in motoric
showers. Times have changed since
tho appearand) of the great comet ol
14nS, now called Italloy's comet, when
tho Pope ordered the following prayer to
be added to the Ave Maria, and to be repeated
three times a day in all the
churches: "Lord suve us from the Devil,
the TurkonU.tho comet". FopoCalixtus
III, should he revisit tho scenes of bis
1 former pontiOclal sway, would bo suprlsed
to know that the Iloyal Astronomical Hoclety
of Vienna, has offered a superb gold
medal to the discoverer of tho lirst eight
telescopic comets during the year, as tin
most delicious tit-bit possible to the treas
urcs of astronomical science.
1 Amonii tho many Improvements it
elites which tho enforced rebuilding o
I Chicago lias suggested, is that of heatinf
i the entire town with steam In a manne
e very similar to that by which It was form
i erly lighted?by means of pipes runnin|
t under ground from some central reBervol
to cacli house, thus doing away lortve
with the annoyance caused by bad coa
damp wood, kindlings, &c. It may b
doubted whether the time is ripe for so ei
tensive an improvement; but when wo ri
member that steam may be forced throug
d these pipes to an immenso distance, wit
II a very slight diminution of beat, and i
o tbe rate ol seven miles per minute, it doc
le indeed seem as If the day could not bo It
distant when a practical application sha
bo mado ol what has long been theorct
j. cally admitted.
A HBMAitKAili.E injunction order hi
beon granted by Judge Pratt, ol Ne
id York, in the Flsk-Slokcs case, to the ellei
?t that one Helen .loscphino Mansflcld shi
ne not publish certain affidavits mado by In
j0 and Edward 8. Stokes, and letters wri
i?? <tio niaintlfl til her that alio bIk
in -1
in not relate the substance ol any convera
tion had with him; and that John I
Tuthlll be appointed receiver of the pi
le< clous documents. Mr. Flsk makeB tl
llu application on the ground that the pub
on cation of them would expose him to pu
)re ||o comment and Irreparablo Injury. It
ire said that the lady has the material In li
possession for a complete ventilation
the aecret history of Erie.
in, A Wabiuhoton dispatch asserts tl
to the Mormon plan or retaliation for t
ra- government's action against polygnmj
jCl, to foment an Indian war from Arizona
]n. the northern bounds ol Dakota, to desti
|on the overland railroads, and to ilevast
ri_ the whole Western frontier. The M
mons fte not prepared for a direct ci
fllct now, and the Indians seem
ac' them to bo an Instrument ready at til
on- hands to lie used against the nation wi
1^ out destroying themselves.
ere utok the heels of the good news fr
log Brazil comes tho announcement that
nco King ol Slaifl lias decreed tho cmancl
Ing tion ol all slaves In his dominions on
ave first day of January, 1873. Thcnumbe
ake persons to Ire set free Is placed at 2,0
a||. 000. This shows that nations more
mote front civilization aro moving
ward, and gives us hope that the da
not far distant when the earth shall r
mes tain only freemen.
the L?
ray- Editor Sued (or Libel,
An rondout, N. V., Oct. 23.?Ilor
Fowks, editor of tho Hondout FYrm
was today arrested on the order ol Ju
Ilarnard, on complaint of Judge Bchi
maker, the Democratic candidate
lruo County Jndgo of Ulster county, for alii
y to libel. The damages arc laid at flO,
IUr?- f "WKHKtyg nun iurji,vw.
rick- ?Thegmln warehouse ?t Qlcnm
n la winonniln, wn burned Saturday nl
0| loss $0,000.
Buffalo, Saturday, Stephen
i lair Ounchcll was found guilty of mtirdt
Icket his cousin; tnd .fames U. Kelly was
hinff tenced thin morning to ho hung on
,n of cember ir.th, lor the murder ol Chi
Rooenfeldt.
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATED PBESS BEPOBT. 1
Exclusively to the Iutelllgencer.
t
(By Ibe Western Uulou Lino. r
iBco Ncrlli-wwtcor. ol M?ln andMuimw iU.) t
1
NEW VOltK CITY.
Missing Voucheri Publlihed?TUe
Enormous Frauds.
Nkw York, October 23.-A long list
ol Ibe rnbulDg vouutau i? priuted, eul 1
bracing over three thousunu in all, and
representing in details ?n immense sum. j
Ingersoll Co. appear on the list lor a
total ol $1,000,000; Cleo.8. Miller, $1,400,-
S00; A. J. Garvey, $3,060,000) Bollar
Co., 080,000, A. O. Miller, $500,000; Key- j
sor Co., about $000,000; P. |H. Smith,
Dver $700,000, ic.
Judge Barrett, on account of his candidacy
for J udgeship, resigns from the Com-
mittee of Seventy.
Joseph Bose narrowly escaped lynching
lit Williamsburg yesterday, having, as al-
leged, outraged an Infant four years old.
TUU unuerwmera uave rcmncu u> untu
the city money to pay the Fire Department.
The British steamer William Miller arrived
yesterday from Amoy, via the Hue/
Canal.
A meeting of the leading members of
the Now York churches was held at the
Tabernacle last evening, to promote tho
establishment of a I'rotestant foundling
asylum, and for the regulation of the boclal
evil.
Hev. Jos. P. Thompson, for twenty
years Pastor of tho Broadway Taberncle,
has resigned on account of physical Incapacity.
In many of the churches yesterday sermons
were preached on the Chicago
tire. Hev. Dr. McMillan, of Chicago, occupied
thcpulpit at the St. Stephen s.
A bureau 01 llllUll^rttiiuii nu lum.
bp the Italians lout night; also a society
to assist Italians in settling lands West
and Bouth.
Tho Custom llousc Republicans tbis
morning selected candidates to be agroed
upon by the.nnti-Tnmtuany parties. Tho
result is not made public.
Judge Hilton baa addressed a letter to
Mr. Connolly stating that the present Park
Commissioners arc eipendfng $180,000
less per year than the old Board.
The work ol prosecuting tho defaulters
of tho city Is going on well. Tho facts
gained show that many who now think
themselves safo from the storm are likely
to bo overthrown in Bpite ol their apparent
bravery, nnd that many who bellevo
themselves perfectly secure will bo graduly
undeceived by finding themselves in
the grasp of the law, and in such a degraded
position that neither money nor
Influence will have the slightest effect in
procuring their rescue. 80 certatn is the
work that even If tho enemy know of the
movements ol tho attacking party, bo
could not help being overthrown ami an
nimiiMcu.
The suit ol Havemeyer against Ingersoll
was set down for trial to-day, on an
order made by Judge Ingraham lor Ingeri
sol, (lie examination did not come belorc
the C'ourl, the order having been appealed
Ironton behalf ol Ingereoll to the general
term of the Supremo Court, which
I sitaon the lirst. Monday in November
I next.
John Moon, late superintendent of the
box department ol the city poslotlic#, wai
held to await the action or the grand jury
on the charge of opening letters and em
J bezzling the contents.
r At a meeting of the commissioners 01
x the sinking lund, to-day, A. J. Meeker
i CourtlamfPalmer and Adrian H. Miller
who were appointed to appraise tbo cltj
real estate, reported the value thereol t<
bo $244,000,000. and presented a bill o
$152,000 lor their work. The matter wai
h referred to the Deputy Controller.
I, The congregation ol Iter. Dr. Chapln'i
church yesterday contributed $12,00'
cash, and a loan of $15,000 without Inter
8 est, towards rebuilding HL Paull Unlvcr
>r sali.it Church in Chicago.
II The North American Insurance Com
i- pany intend to lortn a new counter undc
the old title, and continue business a
heretofore.
is The griat mill ol the Whitney Bros., n
w Glassboro', New York, was destroyed b
ct Are on Saturday night. Loss, $2,000; In
jl sured.
New VonK, Oct. 24.?An appllcatln
will be mado for writs of liakim corpt
before Judge Barnard In the cases ofn
persons unjustly detained In I,udlo
a- street jail, fur debt or other reasons.
I). This alternoon while hoisting blocks
c- granite on the East river bridge pier, tl
ll0 derrick gave way and crushed ono mr
to death. The loroinan, Douglas, wi
badly injured, another man fell under tl
ruins of tlie woodwork and scaffold, at
l< is now buried there, and another man wl
icr was precipitated from the top of the pli
nf u nnt exnected to live.
Uy an accident on tlio But river bridj
lower tills afternoon, John French ai
iat James SIcOerrlty were killed, and Thorn
]1C Douglas, Cornelius Lynch, William Hay
,|8 and Henry Dougherty received severo I
Republican Senatorial Convenlli
ny this evening made tlio following norain
ate lions i Fourth District, Matthew Btcwai
or- Filth, WM. M. Evans; Sixth, Dr. Aug*
JD, Welssman; Eighth, Wm. Hall, Jr.
I? Tho Regular Democracy to night noi
ei, Inated Judge Redwlck for the Hupren
[1,. Court. It is selllcdnlmost beyond pera
venlure that Tamany Hall will endoi
his nomination.
JjJJ HAN FRANCISCO.
j Relief for Chicago Rid Vlntlil
"J Ban Francisco, October 28.?The C
r.01 cago relief committee remitted |1B,0W
*v Mliwankee to-day, for the relief of
re- Wisconsin sufferers. The ladles' comn
for- teo shipped over one thousand garmei
y Is and are slill making more Ibr the V
on- cumtin suiicrcni.
The Michigan police aro working
the mutter nf the numerous Incenill
flreo. They havenn clue na yet.
alio m
win, Wenther Report.
Uffe W?B DarARTHIffT,
?.n. Orrici or m Chiif Iimii, Ornci
lor Winnmoron, D. O., Ott. 11-7:80 p. a
,KCj OttOBABtLlttM
000. Cloudy weather will probably cxt
Titeailny aotith and eaat of tho uhlo
Icy, and rlowly and amokey weathe
ont, Pennsylvania and Now England,
gilt; barometer will probably rise with a lal
temperature and northcrnly wlnda I
C. MlaaoUfl to I.akc Erio and northward
ting
sen- ?Over one thousand dollar) haa I
Dc- olTered for thi beat hales ol cottoi
nrlra be exltlhited at the Alabama fltate
commencing October 81l?.
bUICAUO.
fiebuildlas on the Old Wall* of the
Court House.
Ciucaoo, Oct. 22.?The walla ut the two
vings uf tbu Court House bare been ex
imincd and lound but Utile injured.
Their condition is such as to admit of iuinediate
reconstruction. Tbe supervisors
lave ordered tbat tbe work on tbecounty
ving be ut once commenced. Tbe roof
will be nut on at once, and tbe work on
be Inside can progress during tbe winter.
A liOMKI.KSS CONSRKUATION.
At a meeting yesterday ol tbe cougregaiono(
tbo Fourth I'resbyteriau Church,
i'rof. David Swing, pastor, it was ascerallied
on cloao investigation that eight
tundred worshippers in that Church were
turned out of their dwellings and are
jomeleu to day. Tneir bouse ol worship
uid their Erie mission school were likewise
destroyed, lu fact tbe home of not
t single worsmpper eacupuu uumu.,
This was one ol Hie moat nourishing l'resjyterian
Churches In the city.
SUICIDE or AN ONKOItTlWATE.
W. C. Longwortli, 11 carpenter, who
io(t all his possessions by the tire committed
suicide yesterday by shooting himsell
at his temporary residence, No. Ull
Ulinton street, ile bad been laboring
under a serious depression Tor several
Jays.
HEW CHAMUEH OK COMMENCE.
The Chamber of Commerce have decided
to rebuild with stone. The new
building will be superior to the old one in
svery respect
LOCAt, POMTICS?UNION TICEET 1'BO"
F08KD.
A meeting of the Itepubllcan Executive
County and City Committees, in conjunction
with a number ol leading Ilepubllcans,
was held to-day. Alter discussion
resolutions were passed,
First. That the call already Issued for a
City and County Convention bo withdrawn.

Second. That lbey would meet with tho
Democratic Committees, and tho leading
men of that party, to confer as to the advisability
of a union ticket.
Third. That a Sub committee bo ap-1
pointed to meet with tho Democratic
uomrameo, men in bcbhiuu ui nuuiuvi
place, to Inform them of their action, and
adjourn, to meet again to morrow, to consider
what offices they would concede to
the Democrats, and lastly that If the Democracy
would not accept of the offices
conceded to them, the call of the Republican
Committee for a Convention, should
be renewed, and a straight Republican
ticket nominated.
The Board of Directors of the Hartford
Firs Insurance Company have given
orders to rebuild their building hero at
once. It will be completed in sixty dayB.
Chicago, Oct. 23.?'There are indications
to day that the Chicago insurance
companies will do much better than has
been generally expected. Tbo Republic,
which at first resolved to pay twenty-live
per cent and disband, it is understood
will reconsider that action and pay In
full. It will pay twenty-five por cent belore
adjustment, and alter adjustment pay
in full. It is hoped that several other
companies will do equally well. It if
also asserted that tho Lumbermen's will
pay in hill the entire amount.
A portion of tho ellv is now supplied
with water from the Water Works. It ionly
shut oil from Ihe burned district
where II is not needed.
Tho committeo appointed at the rcccn
meollngol the Rock River Conference tc
aMertain the losses of tho Methodls
Churches by tho fire, report as follows
Loss to the Garret Biblical Institute, 01
the building owned in the city, (80,000
Molhodiat Church siock, fisu.uuuj ui
Uraco C'liurcli, $100,000; onScandinaviai
anil two Gorman Churches, $15,000. Th
Tlio amount of Insurance that can bo ro
J covered, is about $80,000.
j The inquest on the Grusvenor homlcid
f his not yet been closed. The cxcitemcn
j which prevailed the day alter the occur
rence has measurably subsided.
Gen. Hherman, who was young Treat'
j commander, publishes a comtuunlcalio
In tho Tima, in which ho defends his n<
tion In establishing a military patrol In tli
city by authority ol tho mayor, and he ai
serts that although young Treat, as a ni
r vico amious to do his duty, might liuv
exceeded that duty, yet in heart ho Is ir
nocent of intentional wrong.
,1 Col. Sherman defends Lieut. Goner
y Sheridan from tho assaults of tho 'J'imi
and Insists that ho bad no more to d
with tho homicide than any other cill/.c
The total destruction of school built
ings and school apparatus bv tho roce:
Ore is valued at $308,000. tight scho
_ houses were burned.
(v _
0|. Christian Missionary Convention
ie Cincinnati Oct. 23.?Tho Chrlslii
m Missionary Convention adjourned t
i9 night. The Treasurer's report show ti
,c recelptj during tho year, to bo forty elg
|J thousand and two linndred dollars. J no
,o Burnet resigned tho ofllco of Iiecordli
,r Secretary, and W. O. Davidson, ol Loo
vllle, wu elected instead. Tho report i
the Increase of life ministry, was adopti
I(] urging the encouragrment of young in
BS to enter the ministry, willing to labor fo:
e, moderate support In the afternoon
n. discussion ensued on tho duty of worn
as workers In the Cbistlan evsngellzatli
)H Dr. Lodge preached the closing serm
a. to-night.
ist An Anti-Catholic Speaker Rllcnc
at 8cranton>
NrwVOUk, Oct. 8JI.?A apcciai 10 i
110 1\m? from ronton, Penn., atatos tl
a' Iter. Devlin, in attempting to deliver
nntl-Cnthollr lecture on the public atrei
Saturday night, wim compelled to ret
rrom the nttnck* made upon him by 1
crowd. Yesterday afternoon ho ntlcm
ed to speak again, when he referred
the Cathollci aa being thieve*, murdcri
hi- and cut throats. The bo* on which
I to atood was kicked from under him, and
the fell to the pavement. He was aerlnu
lit- hurt, and had to withdraw and ask
its, police for protection,
fla
The Aides lasnraace Company
CmcmjiATt, October SB.?'The lie
ol Directors of the Andes Insura
Company received the report of their
(Juster from Chicago to day, and the lo
being above the amount (I rat reporto
waa unanlmouily resolved to pay
proper loaaea In Chicago, and reci
from tho stockholders a subscripts
$500,000 to make good the technical
nalrment of the capital, and contl
business. Thirteen of tho stocklioli
ti.? present subscribed the pro rain ami
before tbo meeting enjonrneu.
ling
rom a MeinnboM Crew Fired on.
Nbw Ori.kaks, October 23.?The
icon of the steamer Planter, on going as
11 to for water near Mulatto Any on,
Fair fired idto by an unknown parly, and
mortally ftnd oneseyerely wounded.

FOREIQ2ST.
ENGLAND.
Hate Aid for American UuUerers by
Fire. u
London, October it.?Liverpool baa
mbscribed ?16,000 (or the Chicago Relief
Fund. Nottingham subscribed ?1,000.
The steamer Russia took u large consignment
of clothing and other supplies tor
the suflercrs by thu Northwestern fires.
The National Choral Society, 1,000
members, will perform the Oratorio of
the Messiah, at Hyde Park, ior the reliel
luud.
tiir Roderick J. Murchinson, baronet,
President of the Geological and Geographical
Bocicty, died yesterday, aged 711
years.
The steamships City of New York,
illnuesota and Corinthian have arrived
out.
At a meeting of the Manchester Chamber
of Commerco this morning, a resolution
was unanimously adopted condemning
tho proposed protectionist modification
of the French commercial treaty.
FRANCE.
Marski.laisk, Oct. 23.?In the municipill
election yesterday the ultra Catholics
were successful.
Paws, Oct. 23.?Tim disturbances at
Corsica were merely slight broils between
tlic local polioe officers and the people.
It issaid that I'rlnco Napoleon has announced
his intention to deliver a political
8|Kcch to the people.
The Ajunto, the new Bonapartist organ
of Paris, publishes a letter addressed by
Eugonio to the Czar ol Russia, dated in
September a year ago, soliciting his influence
in the interest ot peace.
There is a great scarcity ol money in
Paris. To relieve in some measure the
public distress the liank of France to day
commenced to Issue 115,000,000 Iranca in
currency of small denominations.
An extensive military establishment Is
being lormed at ltouen. It will comprise
a school of artillery and arsenal within th(
city, an entrenched camp, and a series ol
Torts outside. Thiers will lay the founda
tion stone ol the artillery school with ap
propriate ceremonies.
SPAIN.
Madiud, October 23.?The Jmptireia
lays efforts aro being brought about for i
reconciliation between tho supporters o
Hagesta and Zorilla, and to form a coali
tion of the Ministry, but have failed.
GERMANY.
Hunt,in, October 23.?Emperor Wi
helm has made a donation of one thoui
and thalers for tho relief ol Chicago.
In Parliament to day a bill provldln
lor the formation of an Imperial war fun
was introduced, and referred to the Con
mlttee on tlio Budget of tlio Empire,
Napoleon Denies the Reports of
Conspiracy; he Wants a l'lebli
cite.
London, October s3.?The Times stati
tliat Napoleon lias declared the reports
J the Bonapartist conspiracies, intended f(
1 a descent on tho coast,without foundatio
The Emperor, claiming to be the legit
1 niato sovereign, advocates no violent me:
1 surea Tor his restoration, but believes h
partisans should urge taking tho will i
the French people upon the settlement i
J the Government by tho plebiscite.
1 Meeting or Communists in Nivilze
land.
1 Okneva, October 23.?A convention
the International League of Communis
1 i...... ln.,l?w Tlin nltunilftr
naavuiuicu acio
11 was small, no noted leaders being pr(
B cnt. The proceeding? were unintcrestlc
The National Police Convention
e St. Louis, Oct, 23.?In tlio Poll
t Convention tills morning, reports Ire
the committees Were received.
The report of the Committee on N
s tional Industrial Schools for the youth
n both sexes, abandoned or destitute, w
very lengthy, and embraced much ii
ic portant information, and many good si
gestions. Among other things It si
that school houses, and not houses
0 rcfugo, were places whero the you
should be reformed; that they wero
deed the only places whero such reforn
?1 Hon could bo effected. The report v
referred to a commlttco ol the whole, a
lo will bo carefully discussed beforo
n. adoption.
1- Tbo Committee on the Social Evil
nt ported favorably upon Its treatment
01 St. Louis, nnd recommended that
nvatnm tin adonted in other cities. 1
report was also rolcrrcd to ft commlttei
tlio whole.
in Tlio entire police force, foot and mou
O. !'<l, was reviewed in Iront ol the Houth
lie Hotel this morning by Gov. Brown,
lit stated by Mayor Brown, the Board ol
ah Hce Commissioners, and many delega
ng to the Convention. The display
Is- very fine, and the forco went throi
on various evolutions in excellent style,
id, dor command of Jlo|or Ilanocke, oni
on the I'olico Board.
rJ CLEVELAND.
,e?n Corner Slono of n Splendid Cathi
Church Laid*
on
Cl.RVKl.ANn, Oct. 22.?'The Catholli
this city to day had a Brand procew
composed of tlio dilTerent societies of
church, on the occasion of the layln
the corner stone of Bt. Joseph's Cliu
The ceremony was conducted by Illi
Toeblie, of Covington, Ky. Tlio art
?n placed in the stono were three vemloi
English, Latin and Herman, of n d
;,re ment speaking of tlieCathollo Chore
1110 this city and of Bt. Joseph In particuli
Py plan of the church and copies of the
110 papers. The building, when compli
will cost about 00,000. This will Im
he first clerestorv church ever built In
'10 city.
sly
the National Insnrnnce Conveatto
Nrw York, Oct. 2i.?In the Natl
Insurance Convention, a resolution
V referred directing tho Committee 01
vestments to inquire wlint Inmirnnco
tnl should Im lnveste<l In stock notes
spcclal commltto was ordered to obts
data a compilation of their own esperi
5|J A resolution was referred that wli
.I company suspended, the officials o(
States where tho company extend
1 01
'm' Arrival nt ilallimore.
ffi" Bai,'TIMOR*. October
Liers gpeem to the IntelllRMiecr,
'"n The North German Lloyd Line s
ship Baltimore, from Bremen and H
ampton, arrivc<l at the European s
ship pier, Locust Point, Baltimore
:rew afternoon, with a cargo ol assorted
bore chandise for Baltimore and the
were 8ho brings JTi cabin passengers an
two emigrants. The emigrants leava f<
West by B O. Itnllroad this even
CONFLAGRATIONS IN NEW YORK.
EpMhaive Fires In Swamps an For.
fata in Moaroe, Orleaaa, Niagara,
eneaee, Wayne and Heneca Counties.
I
Form Burned and Swaiup on Fire
near Auburn*
Rocuistkh, Oct. 23.?Extensive lire*
prevail in the swani|j? and woods iu Monroe,
Orleans, Niagara, Uenesee, Wayne
and Seneca counties. Tbo wind baa been
blowing a perfect vale since yesterday
morning, and much uneasiness is felt
throughout the burning district. The
smoke obscures the sun to such an extent
that lights have to be used in the boildings
here to day. Reports arc constantly
coining in of Urea in all directions.
A ll'l A K,\n? I11run nCNio
AUIIUlin, ULh Mil. auuun (Hiwu xv.v.
of forest, known as Chestnut Illdge, near
this city, was burned yesterday. The
Haines were subdued by the united labor
ol the people of the neighborhood. Montezuma
marshes bavo been burning lot
several days. These marshes are twe
miles wide and about twelve miles ir
length.
Troy, October 2!).?Tho woods near
Shaker settlement, about six miles fron
here, are on tiro, and it is I eared considerable
damage will bo done.
Rondoot, N. Y., Oct. 23.?A large tin
is raging iu the Shawongunk Mountains
near Port ilixon. Several hundrei
acres have already been burned over.
a tiip.rn urn la flliui rafrlnff at Flatbusb
near Hondout.
liociiBHTKH, Oct. 23.?This city is en
veloped In smoke, ttejiorts ore constant);
arriving of Urea raging In tho wood
throughout tho country.
1 Two farm houses, un<l other buildingi
J near Waiiworth, Wayne county, are ri
ported burned. Several houses, stra<
and hay stacks, with a large woods opp<
site Seneca I'oint, Oanandalgua Lak
burned to day. It is also reported thi
men were burned to death.
A rumor comes from Albion that
j. Prussian settlement at North Albion, 0
leans county, was burned to-day. T1
wind has subsided this evening. T1
?nil thorn ftro l
Luuiui jr ,a ?v??j vi..,,
hopes of tho fires being extinguished un
I- heavy rains occur.
80IITII CAROLINA.
j] The Kn-Klux Arrejts?-Coniternati
1- of Ike Inhabitant'.
Nkw Vobk, Oct. 211.?Advices fn
Columbia, South Carolina, stats that
i- definite intelligence has been recclv
concerning the conflict between the H
Mux and the troops at Broad Rlv
jj though It is believed the latter were v
Qi torious. Women and children thus
1- are the licaviestsuflerers by the martial I:
that haB been declared. Whole families a
'J fleeing from Spartanburg, Union a
:,f York counties. JMineieen ciu/.eun w
lodged in jail la Yorkvllle yesterday, u
r_ sixty more were secured. At Yorkvl
private soldiers are imprisoned for adi
0f Ing citizens to tly to ovoid arrest.
c" YACHT RACES AT NEW YOR
>g.
g Another Victory (or the Sftpphi
Nkw York, Oct. 2!).?Tlio contest
tween Ashbury's yacht Livonia and
co representative yacht of tho New Yi
Yacht Club for tho America cup to<
ended in a brilliant victory for tho 8
a-, pho, which sailed against tho Engl
of yacht. At 11:20 a, m. the signal y
as given to start, tho raco being over the
m- gntta course of tho New York Ys
ig; Club. Tho Livonia got easily away,
lid was fully a mile ahead, when tho Bap|
of gradually gained on the English ys
"K and passed the Southwest Spit buoy
in- 12:15 r. m., one minuto and forty-six i
i?- onds ahead. Tho Sappho rounded
'a? lightship in 1.82:58,and the Livonii
nd 1.45:22. Both boats tackod ssveral til
Its from tho Light Ship to tho Boutin
Spit buoy on tho return, tho Sappho
re- gaining. A freshening breeze sprung
In which wns very favorablo to
the Sappho, and sho fast sailed a'
Pho front her competitor. She rounded
1 of nan winning tho stake In 8 b, C9 1
ami 5 bcc. Hie Livonia did not get u
>nt- 4 h. 25 mill. 41 bcc. Actual time of
ern race: Sappho, 4 U. 28 mill. 5 sec.; Live
as- 4 b. 4mln. 41 bcc. Corrected time:
pho, 4 li. 40 min. 17 aec: Livonia,
tea 11 m. 44 sec., the Sappho winning 1)
inln. 30 sec., actual tlmqj 111 25 mil;
'Kh gee., corrected time. This la the ei
un- the contest for the cup ol the New")
0 of Yacht Club, tho representative boat/
Columbia and Bapplio, having won
raccsout ol seven, which waa thea|
inent. It la said that Commodoro
bury will sail over tho courae to-mor
and claim the race if thero la no com
tor. He also protests Uiat the Colu
did not turn the slake-boat rightly li
'ion, gecond race, and will only allow tha
'hat Club has won three raccs. Tho si
g of regulations say only to turn the I
rch. |)0at, not stipulating on what side,
[hop It la reported to night that Mr. Be
Iclm |,M nccoptcd Mr. Ashbury's chaltcn
19 ,n sail the Dauntless against the Mi
P??" and the race will come off to-morro
li in
ir. a MTTLE ROCK.
city
eted, l/itti.b hock, Oct. 28.?A drug
the pnd an adjoining building were bt
this at Augusta, across the river fron
place, on Saturday. A man n
Charles Snmncr was burned to c
The loss Is |4,000.
onal j[ lias rained for 24 hours, but Is
and pleasant tills evening.
capl- A Wreck on the Atlantic.
A Nbw Yo*k, Oct. 23 ?1The hark 1
in an w|,Ci from ((Wow, arrived to da
enc(- reports that Bcptemlwr 18, lal. 3fl, li
en., picked up a boat rontalnlng the i
"ie mate and four seamen of tho E
?i bo hark Lord Stanley, Irom Llverpo
Gasper Iiav, Oulf of BL Lawrence.
left Iter In a sinking condition t
hours previous. The captain, first
23. And nine men refused to leave. Bl
probably foundered with an on uoa
<X Homicide In Connecticut
team- NonwicH, Oct. 23.?Alexander
it tliis gomery, aged eighteen, killed
mer- Ooolev with an mo yesterday.
West.
il 600 ?Three deaths hy yellow (ever
ir the pnst twenty-four hours are reportei
lnf[ Charleston.
WASHINUTUN.
TUB lUNUUUt 101 IIT.
Wasuikutox.OcU 23.?Justice* Davis
uul Field were on tho Supreme Bench
this a. m. AM tlie Judges were present
except Nelson.
Tho follow lug appuiutmeuls were madu
today: Postmasters, Jacob K. Pierce, at
Oxford, Jliris.; Cadet Tuylor, at Winona
Station, Ills; Albert P. Phillip, ICahoma,
I ml Prank Hatch, Sbreveport, La,
F. E. Litter, Charlotte, Micb.; Mrs. Electa
Smitli, Sterling, III.; A. C. Nandervater,
Pana, Ilk; A. 51.1'. Forsyth, Jefferson,
Wis.; Obediak Blemmons, Cadiz, 0. Ed.
R. Roe was appointed Marshal for Southern
Illinois; William 8|>encer, Marshal
for Middle Tonnesse. James W. Fisher,
was appointed Chlct Justice of the Supremo
Court of Wyoming.
The Supervising Inspector of Steamboats
was engaged to-day in tho considortlon
ol the question ol the storage ol cotton
on steamers with tho view of additional
salety of carriage.
Tho subscriptions from tho District of
Columbia for Chicago bos reached one
hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
Twenty-live thousand dollars of this sum
Is to ha appropriated to the sullerers in
Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota.
i Tho Civil Service Commission met today,
and engaged ill considering the system
ol promotion. Ex-Senator Castello
took his place to-day as onu of the Com'
mlssioncrs.
Tho I'ostolllco Department are in receipt
of inlormation that the Uovcrnment
of Ecuador has signed tho postal convcn-
1 lion for tho international mail tin the
n.. ,i.? ,?_ma ?t i|,?
istnmua 01 uariuu. uj wu m?if?
1 convention tho exchange ratification shall
take place at Washington In six months,
or as much sooner as practlcablu.
Tho First and Sccond Assistant Postmaster
Generals aro to day opening bids IH
for tho carrying of mails lu the Houthwes?
tern States, over routes lor which accepted
bidders under tho advertisement of last
spring (ailed to execute. Contracts and
bids aro now received under supplemental
i, invitation, for proposals aro very nuinorous,
and in eacli caso accompanied with a
certified check lor live per cent of tho i||H
amount of the contract for ono year, and
forfultnble upon a failure to lurnish luftl- BB
e, clent security in case of being awarded it.
TENNE88KK. I
8 Message of Governor llrown.
r' Nasiivti.i.e, October 33.?Gov. Drown
?n li!a mnauitfrn to tllO Legislature
IK1 WIJJIllVll tllO Hiww.a. v- D
ie to-day. It is au able urn! atatesmau-iike
a0 document, containing nn elaborate re...
view ol the liuanclal condition of the
HUilc, nnd Is lull ol' valuable information J
to the iieople, noil timely suggestion! to
the Legislature. It la thoroughly sound IJHH
on the financial (|uestion, ami opposes
every thing like State repudiation. He |I|H
011 says alio must nnd will pay her dobts.
IIo recommcnds the protection of all IHH
im classes of citizens.
I Lumber Mill flurncd in Cnnnda.
UiiADKonn, (Int., Oct. 211.?Thompson,
Smith tfc Go's now lumber mill, wus tjeor>
stroyed by fire yesterday morning. Loss
1c- ISA,000; no insurance. Supposed to be
lar the work of nil incendiary.
ra Hank Robbery in Maannchusetts.
j BrntKOFmi.n, Oct. 211 ?The Mahonoc HI
bank, ol Great Uarringum, was robbed of
sr0 eighteen thousand dollars, Buturdny night,
nd by William 8. IIIiic, teller, who fled.
I:" COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL. H
K. MARKETS BY TELEGRAPH.
New York Money find Ntock Market. IB
be- N*ir York, October 83.?Goi.n? Stronger;
the opening at 112#, closing Arm at 113,%'. Loam
srk from 1-aSperday to 1 per cent per annum forme.
lay Clearing! $47,700,000.
ttp. Money?Easier; in the morning loans were
ish "lade at 5,0 and 7 per cent. Late In the day freeirna
'J offered at 4 per cent.
ro. Government#?Strong and advanced irem MMB
cht 10 X Pcr ccn,5 Imow, closed strong but
!nj not active. llHfl
i Sterlinu Bx< hanui?108K. (Ml
2?,4 United States 6's of 1881, coupons ..117V
Plve-twentles (IBM) 114)5
at Flve-twcntlcs (1864) 114
Bee- Plvo-twentles (1866) 114.V
in, Plve-twontlef (1866) now 113
l"c Five-twenties (1867) 113*
I in Plvo-twentlus (1868) 113
mes Ten-forties 1C9K
vest Curroncy G'" in*
i jji iSTOCRa-Opencd firm and bo continued till near
tho clone, when prices declined from M to 1 pcr
MP' cent from tho hlfjheBt point or tho dajr. Tho
1110 most actlvo stocks were tho Western Union,
W Northwestern, Heading, Union Pacific and Pitta- {ill
tUO burgh, market closed dull. Ijfll
nil). Railway* Shares, Ac.?Western Union Tel. Lfigl
n to Co. 6IKi Adams Bx. Co. 89; Wells Fargo As Co.
llm 51X; Am. Mer. Union Bx. Co. 64; U.S. Bx. Co. |HI
J 10 66; Paclflc'JMall, 47* j Pitts. P. W. A Chicago. 1*4;
)n'?i Cleveland, Colnmhus ACIn. 83; Union Pacific
Bap- &W: Central Pacific Bonds lOltf; Union, 85,*.
5 |j. State noNDfl-lIeavy, with tho exception of
y 2(i Tennessee, tho others are actlvo and strong, hBI
i. 27 Cincinnati Market.
id of ??rirtnhnr ill. Flour dull and
fork nricof drooping; family $0 Mail co.
iijn obaik?Wheat dull and prlcea droopln*! red
V ,i?| iuCai 40. Com! demand fair and market
four flrm-^dearatMc;new at 4S@43e. Bye doll,
tree- Bn(i prleca havo declined at 7S0Mc. Oala; deAsh
manS fair and market Arm. at M?40c. Ilarlcjr
nuietand tinchanRed at lOdlSSc.
7!' nora?Scarco and Urra an?ais?.
pfitl- QnorinlKH?ColT.-e; demand fair and prleefl adrnbia
nnced;primeat?XO?e. Socnr ateadj, with
Itho "y^j^ynwed oil doll hot nnchanjed at 80O
"ie BJc. Lard oil rteady, with a moderate demand;
take- "KilKii ?*n Cntni-rnehained"
I'aoTUIona-l'otk doll aod prlcca nominal at
111 BO. Lard; qnlet and weak ai 9@9?<c. Hulk
trnett meata doll, bntholder* not willing\w makei t on?
HsSXlSt Wmarke. Arm .t 01c.
New Y?rk nn?n>
Niw TnKR, Cel. M -FtOKK-Dnll and price*
Utoro hare declined: Hnperflno Wotern ?Bd i;Ut?,
MnoafUS; fimninn 1(1 cooil Pitr? |8HO?695; MM
D.C 1 roodtn rhnlce, ?D S?t?7 Srh ithlle Wwlfrn eitrt,
1 thl? 17 3097 CO; Ohio #0M?7J5; Ml. LojU,
lITih' 'oma-Wlirtl opened doll, but clofed aetlre;
?prln((?o. |i WH W| No. 1 do., ?l 6oai Hi, W
winter red Western. $1 fiOQl M; amber Mlchlclear
gjn,18f?aiM. Kye.barleyand maltdnll. Corn? RB
Western ml*ed, afloat, ?.V?&78Jfc; jcllow, 7TC.
Oata-Weatern and Ohio, B0Q61#c.
Orockriis?C'olTce, Rio, l8J|?80Xc. Sugar, lliB
dull; fair togood refining,Cuba.8X?(?Kc.
fame- Pnovisioaa?Pork, steady; meis, #13 OwaiS tt.
__(1 Beef and eat meat* unchanged; middles heavy;
r? B"u Lard, prime steam, BftftlOc Butter, steady;
>11. 47, Western, llfttOc; State, ifyftrWr, Cheeio, heavy JW
iccond ?tlimine.
nglish WnisKT?Firm at 9IV?93c. JjH
of for flnltlmorc Market.
They BALTiiconK, October 11. Flour?Dull but H
wetlty nno5tJfldwh??t dnll; Tndhns and Ohio at |1 M
mate Bl. Corn quiet; mixed western at 74?75c. fJH
10 htA 0?^idn,u,4^,"<".n?n<,
-.1 Provisions?! nchanprfl. |a|
BtTTTiR?Heavy rreclpH deprcia tho market.
WmsKT-Dull atP3@wc. HI
Milwankee Market. M
Mont- Kit.wAt.'RKB, October $3.-Fi.ouR-Dnll, but
111. II. unchanged.
ORAiN?Wheat qnlet and weak; No 1 Milwanaee
|1 90, and No. 1 Milwaukee |1 18# Oata Hlf
for the dull, but unchanged. Corn In fair demand at
1 lower ratei; No. mixed at 4flc. Rro steady Sflfl
"om with a moderate demand; No. 1 at G?c Barley
dull and prices drooping; No. S spring at toe.