tTSiaLKmatMumMmiiMKliiJl-SSaflssnaasaa
r
THE TilCAVEyWOBTH WEEKLY TIMES, XBppBSKlt;EeEJ 28
ft4
I
s
n
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 23, JS71
V..XTJ TO BE COCSTrD OCT.
Mr. August Belmont, of Sew York, pub
lishes a card in the Icw York City papers
of ye-'-erday morning, emphatically denying
the report published a few days ago, of hi
complicity with the corrupt men oncea-nrcs
cf the late Tammany King.
MtXICO.
A dipatch .Lis morning from Mftlainora.',
Mexico, says hotliai tliat place and st Brown
villc, American intervention in the Mexi
can civil war is confidently expected, and
the Texas representative" in Congress liave
been requested to favor it. Mexico will
never have peace till Uncle Satn extends
over her the protecting v.ings of the Ameri
can eagle. And the sooner the letter for
Mexico.
AhOTIEI.lK10.-..
Gov. Palmer, of Illinois, thir.1.3 he ij on
the Frcst-Iential scent; like Job's war-horse.
he smells the battle afar oil or thinks he
does, and is sniffing the breeze from what
he supposes is the winnicp'side. He thinks
a State-Rights', anti-military man, is the
man the discontented elements are looking
for, and he has strong hopes of being found
by them, and nominated for the Presidency.
tmi in in: iticuz.v
The English Erie stockholder! who hat, e
so long been swindled out of their properly,
arc at last likely to get their right. They
have employed (Jen. Sickles to manage their
ease, and .mean to make vrar to the end. The
mart has granted the restoration of -17,000
of the 00,000 shares which the King' had
hea'ed them out of. and the remainder will
sx.n follow.
U1IY UK 1II IT.
It U well known tliat Henry "Ward Rec-cher
sonietimeavo discontinued the practice which
is supposed to devolve as a duty upon all
good ministers, of making pastoral visit-", but
why he did po has heretofore been a mystery,
lo many anxious sticklers for formality
Mr. Rtechcr, in a late discourse, explained
it himself, and the reason he gave was "be.
cause the ladies kept him waiting so long
wliil they -were dressing. Beside, they
would all talk of nothing but servants, child-
i entailments, and family genealogies, until
it go! to be a trifle monotonous."
THE OKASD UL'Hi:.
TLe New York Herald savs the Grand
Duke in Canada appears to lie taking mat
ten in much about Hie same manner a any
other scn-able gentleman would. The au
thorities of Montreal and other jilaccs, while
taking care that he shall have no opportunity
lo complain of their hospitality, have wisely
determined lo allow himtogo about without
that forced attcnlior .md ostentation which
havechaiacierizcd nearly all his movements
in the United State. If Spotted Tail can
arrange matters on the Prairies on about thi3
basis, the Prince may xi enabled lo enjoy
himself there also.
('COL.
.An Omaha j.aper says it "learned ester
diy. upon the authority of a gentleman jut
arriveil from the wcsl, that the Kansas Pa-
ritic lia? been, dunrg the last I en days, jo
badly obstructed with snow that no trains
.ave passed. The mails from Denver east.
are pent by the way of Cheyenne and the
Union P?cipc." When the reader has been
in'ormed that the Kansas Pacific Railroad
has been making its regular trifcs between
Leavenworth ami) Denver, all winter, and
the U. P. Road has l-ren hurried under un
fathomable drifts about half th iiiu-, iLp
AIahiii coolness of the aliove statement
will v apparent.
M5ti:iti;iAi. TUAV:i.rKs.
The Kansas City Journal note the fact,
for th information of thai numerous omni
present, and very useful class cf young men,
known as "salesmen," "traveling agcnls,"
"runners, ini""onaries," "drummers," and
a dozen 'ilhcr appellation, that the Supreme
Court has decided that no State can tax Ihem
forpur-uiug their bnJnecs within its Iior
ders. Vt'e supjicse the decision is based
upon the clauses forbidding interference with
the coairacice of any Stale by ai.other. The
boys are now fete to go when and where
they please, sul what they can, and exhilit
the energy and pluck of Young America,
wiihut let or hindrance.
-.'tiit. to ci.t;Kt;rjii:.."
Undei the above eat lion the last numler
of Woodhull Clatlin's lFJy has the fol
lowing item, uliich we judge to 1 mildly
ironical
We have rt-cently Ien the recipients of
numerous letters frcm clergymen in dillerent
paits of the Union, asking our terms to them
for the Weekly. Tn view of the greatly-increased
interest manifested by this class of
citizen', in the principles we advocate, since
the Steinway Hall lecture, we take great
pleasure in announcing that we will send the
Weekly to ihem complimentary, upon an ap
plication for ft.
'i ii. m:kvick KCFUIIM.
The Civil Ssrvice Commissioners ap
pointed by President Grant, some months
ago, under lhe act of the last Congress, were
engaged upon the duties assigned them, dur
ing the recess, and shortly after the assem
bling of the present tension submitted their
report to the President, by whom it was
laid before Congress last Tuesday, the 19th
The Commissioner, in their report, refer
.briefly to the policy pursued by the various
administrations in the earlier history of the
Government with regard to appointments to
the Civil Service, and uo(e the various
efforts made from time to time to correct the
evils, and then pass to a description of the
present condition of the Civil Service, which
has hitherto been sustained by common con
sent, setting forth in detail the serious and
threatening evils of the present practice of
treating inferior (arts of the administration
as party prizes and answering various argu
ments by which the practice is sought lo be
Justified. The Commissioners say in con
cluding lhe-ir report: We do pot suppose the
adoption of any rule, however skillfully
framed, would at once remedy all the evils
m the Civil Service, which are universally
acknowledges!, and experience will doubtless
show how every method of reform may be
improved, but these evils will certainly not
be remedied without an eilort;those who are
content to demand Civil Service Reform, but
who oppose every practical attempt to pro
mote it, mu-.t be suspected of having little
real hostility to the system which they decry
fortunately however, public attention was
never more resolutely turned to any subject,
and there was never a more favorable mo
ment lo liegin a icfurm. Party issue of the
last lew years are gradually disappearing
the eriloas ipieslions of fundamental policy
have Iiecn determined, and the paramount
interests of the country xre now those con
nected with tiie best administration of lhe
government. The honesty and efficiency
of administration, asa settled national policy,
will tow be the chief demand of every party,
bat nowhere can the purpose be shown so
plainly as in the reformation of the Civil
Service, so as to secure integrity, efficiency.
and economy. We propose (hat places in
public service shall be given, to those who
are best fetud for them, and if any one u
dispose 'to' think that an abuse or forty
,reP, j?j? of 00r PPblicaB system, a
iimsuiMw mm his error: it
Ka teforalafeiatposnblehe merely
s if a. viatht sT'die abuse, and for.
yAffiMiiJ reform is possible.
Tk CesamitSMen also submit a list of
which spyi.i. to be
Tiir. ISCTEKSATIOXA1.S.
The 'cw York Tribune congratulate the
Internationals on their admirably oraeriy
and impressive prscc&ion, thougit u S3ys, i.
do not like Sunday processions, ana etian
bigkvl of early and impartial legislation tliat
s'aall iaake an end of them. JJut wl.ue mey
are to be tolerated at all, the Internationals
haveassood a right to thtm as anjtoety
else; J.nd the deasannrof those who march
ed after the c?lafa!que in honor of the execu
ted French Cimmunists was sr.c'a a- to show
them ijcite scrlhy to trerti'-e tl.a ri;ht.
Three thousand men in cohnin, i' cf
thousands lining the streets, and no police
man nc-oled- that is enough to make the ap
paiition of the red i!ag in lhe slretls cf New
York Us -startling than thee whoiemembsr
it historical ir;nifiranrr- rould I.-ave imag
ines!.
E.SO'.ViJA".
i.Ti: ejitAssiHH'i'iisi
I'Al.IA.
Wtr place before oi.r readers this moi iiing,
a j hotergraT.1: of enshieiio. i.ai.edGrs-honw-r
Tj!!.
Thi- er.giicJor il.o ICar.-.i3 (u.tral Rs':!
way, anind in this city yesterday. It is
named a:ti-t one oftberuo--t flourishing towns
on th lir.eof llie Kansas Central.
At f irasshopper Tails the Kcai Central
cree-'e.j the Atchison. ToiVKa Santa Fe 1C
R. Ihis fact alone will muke the town of
greater importance.
The Valley of the Gra.v.l.i.pj-er U ot.e of
the ficft ind iiche-t jiiece-s of land i:i llie
Slate.
The r.ext engine, we ate informed," lo be
naened Holton.
The grading of the road is progiewiiig as
rapidlv as tha weather ftill permit. Tie
company will icithllylion by April
without tail.
I
S 3 BbS rBBBBBBBBH BBbTBBbT BBBk BBBBBi BSBBBBBBBBBJ
KBsSBViG&tfBft fv Hi BBb BBBBBBBBBb BBBBBBB .BBBBBW BhBS BBBBBV
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBMBBBBBmBK99J H
W BBBBBBH BBBBBBBBBVBJHHEIr'-XUiDdBBBBBBBHBBHBBBVs'
next
-ITY WATEIC WoKHO.
Wo had the pleasure of a call ntenby
from K.J!. Lodwick, ll'j., who is tMntrael
ing fi.rthevrrtlionof the Holly 1'jltnt Water
WorkK.
It i" jiropiwd to ertvt ihem at Kansas
City. In iiiL-eiiueac of the gieat elevation
cf that town about 200 feet and the di;
lancc fio:u the place white 3 Mipply of water
istolw obtained, the ca-t will le nearly
$500,000. In our own cicy, the eleation is
le-!s than 100 feel, ai.d a supply of water
close at hand; the co-t of suitable works
would not exceed $:!00.000. The main
pipes to be of iron, twenty inches in diame
ter. The great advantage of Holly's Patent
is that a continued pienre i obtained,
throwing a supply of water 130 feet, so that
with fire ping at the comers of the streets,
water ou!d be had lor cxtingni-hing fire,
disper.Mi'g in part witli fire engines.
We commend the nutter to the eiauider
ation of our jteople, as well worthy of inime-di-'tr
attention.
AXllTIIKIt I.IISKI. ev.sii.
Coh-ord, is the name ofa little fellow
who is a member of the Mi.-otiri Leyislatuie
fmiii M. U)u;c, a Gratz Rrown Democrat
and a man of immense proportions, in his
own otimation. The St. Iuis JJnnocrat
ha-, bten rather "-eve-ie in ii- strictures on
Colard, and in an article some- time ago
stated tliat lie was "worth aliout five dollars
tsa (Hililical party .aid sum being supposed
lo represent a unit cf va!iw in llie so-called
liberal bill of ntceiiies." This was a little
more ihaii ths gentleman from St. ly-iiiis
thought he ought to stand, and he accord
ingly tin catened a libel tuit, hijiig his
damages at 850,030. Of courictiic Democrat
didn't want lo be eomiieHe.l lo pay so large
a sum for ttieh small game, and therefore,
in ordt-r to save i:clf and make everything
serene Jgain, it oilers to take it all back
and apologise as follows: "Mr. Col
cord is no' worth lire dollars to any jijlitical
party; he is not worth a d ollar."
--a.- -r a-
The locomotive "Grabopitor Fall IbeT second engine of ilrn Kansas Ceatral. Narrow Gauge, Railroad, receitcil :i T,o;;cmiei:!2
yesterday. Photographed for The TimeH.
t'llT RCroR.1I.
Report or Ibe Committer KubsuKletl
and Adopted Jt Ihr steeling or the
'ltlxenl, Anoitciatioii Inst Vrlnrs1.-j-ETCtiiiiST.
Title rmtit&l ckJ fien'te en ef 'it Ctimt' .t'w-
ciailon
Your Committee appointed on Retrench
ment in City Affairs, leave to make the
following report:
1st. We recommend that the following
officers be elected: Mayer, Councilmen,
Treasurer, Clerk and Roar.I of Kdncstion;
that all others be appointed by the Mayor,
by and with the consent of the Council.
2d. Thei-alaricsofthecity officers shall
not exceed, for Mavor, ?G00 per annum;
Clerk, S1.S00; Treasurer, $1,000; Citv Al
tornev, $1,000; Engineer. 1,500; Market
Master, SCuO; Chief of Police, S0O0; ore
Fire Marshal, $700: eight Policemen, Sfi5 i
per month; Weigh Master, comniksions,and
(Jouucilmen
I1JECI1V DCPOMTUBV.
Tit; people ot Leavenworth will lis plea
eil to learn lhat tiie City Trcairer has trans
fercd nil new deposits to the German Savings
Bank, with the approval of the nio.-t of our
ci'.izenr.
Thf German Savings Rank is the jh-ojiIcs'
bank. It has a large number of strckhold
er, is perfectly sound and solvent, has a
large amount of elcpoaits, and what is bet
ter, the rule of the bank is to loan allof the
deposits, cr at lea-t as laree a percentage as
is sale-, to the people of Leavenworth. In
this way our citizens hive means at com
mand In aid theii in lhe transaction of their
affairs.
TIip confijjiice of the people in the sol
vency of this lank is unhojndei!. They will
all frel that lhe fundof lhe city are safe with
them. Samccl Cochran, President, and
Carl Moller, Caehitr, are known and appre
ciated as honest, competent men. Willi
such oificers, the liank is 1kum1 to In-come
oner.ftiie strongest institutions in llewesf.
soon 3 piaclicahlc, ami adds that he desires,
as far as possible, to appoint, as sub-agents,
soldiera who have served under the com
mand of Gen. Thomas, believing that they
will lake a livilier intercut than others in
collecting funds for the erection of a monu
ment to their revered and glorious ld Chief.
Hi.t where such soldiers are not lo be
found, other persons, who will le likely to
make an active canvass, lie appointed.
In e-ases where no suli-sgenti aic apj-oint-td,
subscriptions may be forwarded In John
A. M-irtir, Atchison, Kansa?.
TIIE K. r. R.
Tin: Timis says there is some prosjieet of
as-ileofthe Ieavenwortli Rranch of the K.
P. R. to lhe L.. L. G. Comiiany. We are
t if.. XT.s l.n lvfftk ia. IdL, itinrA
to receive no salaries. This u-aijuun ..-c ...a..
reduction of salaries will avc to the cilv tl.a.i a vrar e-si to cum iuls saie i.ui inus
S23.S00 per annum. :ar nine progress s n.aoe. u a.
Sd. That the followins offices shall be ought to bmld direct to Tcpeka from Leav
abolishcl: Police Judge,"- Wharf Master, enwortli. 0AfocBa JnJqn..
Fire Marshal, Street Commissioner and City Our Iatet information on this subject
Marshal. DutiesofCity Marshal and Wharf oomes from headquarters The K. P. R.
Master to be performed by Chief of Police. I h. l!ie how coac!l. t ;3 i10jicd that
Engineer, in addition to his other duties, to
actls Street Commiioner. Justices of the T1,u- M 's lwn of lhat road
Peace to have jurisdiction ol offences againt he will see lo it that his pledge is made gocd
city ordinances. City Clerk to set ns Clerk ald ihcTopeka Road built via Okaloosa.
of Roard of Education.
4th. That the City Trea-urer sho-il 1 keep .STA3i'y.
a regular scaof double enlrv books, including
ca?h book, which la.-.t named book should show
all receipts and disbursements of city funds I j'Xhe" hlV,"
from whetever source and for what di-burcd.
Thit city funds siiall be depo'ited in some
esponsible bank in the c:tr, paving the i WVll, oyjuic! Hue's a lisnJ.kix!ii-r cow,
his-hest rate of interest nn em-rc-nt montlilv i u''"-11. iu -iaS lotl.p-, I uu I ljior
balances, and be deposited in the official
name of the Treasurer, and subject lo re-,
moval by order of the City Council, and thai
the depository give bond in such sum as the
City Council may direct.
5th. That eight members of (he School i
Board shall be elected annually, four for one
and fcur for two years; lhat they shall make
semi-annual reports, and publish the same,
of the liisposiiion of the public fund, and
the average daiiy alenelcrce of pupils; lhat
they shall not pay more than for Su- i
ptnntendcnt of the public school, nor moie i An,i j vrcii u,t luaJLerchlef to my lieatt,
than for Principal of anv one school; AnJsurr toLctpitrorcieramlerer;
lhat in all dibursements of funds checks And-it not being li-e-she let it l!rt;
(i .nJ Isworpthat it slioalJ goiromwenevtr.
shall le given, payable to the order o! Adi1 i-TC lopt my promlv forallttiejeyeara:
the party to whom the ame is due, and I Isalcl, I am more fcnthlul ilian you
specify for wl at paid. r'lT. are ""Tied, I have my lears-
i.t rri i. i it i i ii Eut wnuwasa woman tnowu lo be Hue
Cth. Tliat all taxe.5 shall be levied by or
der of the Cily Council, and shall not in lhe I,roti 1 ae fcgutten tie quite, auJ I
aggregate exceed 10 mills on ihedollar iter Am wnneiogtLesnd. from jour haaOLerJAl.
op Wbkiisecuisai though it wouid nererget dry,
annum, six mills of this io 1 llcd tcr j Alljitnnovr my aiured belief
echcol purpose, including interests on Tuit I thai! set married when tMs trlb'sUirutijh
school Itonds, and sinking fund for lhe I rnallnsLc the best hustandin ibe world,
l!eciue I am eTer Cunclant aud true
eam- VitcC5Jlbi5ragon the clothes-line ctirlfd
tli. lhat neither the Citv Council nor j
the School btvird shall create anv indebted- BX what's ihif Why, Jim, eld Uy,
n.U.1! I.-V.J V...uude.l, and b astral, you My
"I ....t uv i..u..e.. u.. uuu.i U..1. Anj youlllleil him! liQOll IllSlH
CENTRAL KANSAS.
J rKfTio:; Cftv, Dec. 18, 1371.
TI:h important stalicn on the Kansas Pa
cific Railroad is situate at lhe confluence of
the Solomon and Republican Rivein, its
boundary leaching frcm one river'lo the
other. It ija!o the junction of the M. K.
A T. Railroad with lhe Kansas Pacific, so
that it i- a Juurlion Cily in faei, as well as
in t.ame. The buines? men of Juncticn are
live, wide-awake nie-n and are looking not
only lo railroad inteiests, hut are offering
inducrniftils li-manufariure-islo !ocatean:ong
them.
Xego'.iatioiy a;c pending for lhe establish
ment of a woolen factory, and with a fair
prospect of its bring a succe-". A first class
brewery noiit.l do well here. The country
around i settled up by Germans and Scan
dinavnns, vhocan do without almost any
thing el-e letter than Iieer. We were in
formed that not hs than $15,000 a year is
WJiy tke Rrltlire rolamnv One Ji
The Chicago Jlailuay Reiicu. has tl.c fol
lowing interestingarticle, explaining why the
iron columns ol the Council Bluff and Oma
ha bridge are cracketl by the frost, while lhe
columns or the Leavenworth bridge arc net af
fected. The Reticie says
We notice, with regret, that sn altogether
exaggerated importance is attached, by wri
ters in several Western papers, to lhe fact
that in one or two instances sections of the
iron tube enclosing the masonry fotming the
piers of the Union Pacific Railway bridge
between Council Rlufls and Omaha have
cracked. The crack is vertical extending,
in one instance, we believe, through a portion
of two sections of the tube.
We said that the importance of lhe fissure
had been exaggerated. In point of fact, no
serious importance whatever attaches to it.
We should suppose that everybody who reads
the journals of the day every "writer for
their editorial columns must by this time
understand the plsse of the pneumatic tube
in the economy of bridge Ujiilding on this
plan. lis main object is simply to facilitate
eontruc!ion. It forms a protecting wall
within which work is carried on, and
uar.
Decidedly frijininetoot Well, no
Could iliat thing eter have come in heie"
fa a bel, what is theothername?
Ev gracious it must be Isabel King;
Ani I'd forgottcu her! What a shame!
She nai really a iotcly little H1IU3.
Now I rcmemb?r how could I forge!'
The night when that haudleichiefl l..r,'.;
I wonder if she is married yet,
Andif&he still teens that girlish liA
We sat oa the beach I believe it was llye
K'cn now I hear how the wild surf sings
-cd we were alone I hsre was nebody by,
And I said a gnatman pienosteroiis thiols.
unl oms. f.ie tint ..rlidd film.A nnA ll.lf
twice tha't amount could be sold were it not 1 oy which the sinking of the true pier is
rendered pesiime anu ucuiiatcit. 1 lie
stone column tilling it alone supports the
superstructure of the bridge. The cap sur
mounting the stone pier, rests wholly on the
pier, and does not touch the upper edge of
the tube at any point. The tube sustains no
weight whatever, but is itself kept in place
by the solid pier (resting firm in the bottom
rock of the river) which it enclose. The
stone pier, once completed, the tule now a
mere sheath might be removed without
vitiating the integrity of the substructure. It
would Le a flimsey bridge which should de
pend for its foundation on an iron tube, less
than one inch in thickness. That would
have quite enough to do to stand alone in
the mighty volume and impetuous current
of the Miouri, without bearingany relation
to the security ofa solid stone column.
In point of fact, but few ol the sections
have cracked; more may doso; and if all
Senator, or Representative, or to any office,
civil or military, under lhe I'nilrd States cr
of any State to which the perscn was at the
time of such election or appointment ineli
gible to the jiositioii.
Mr. Edmunds That Is right.
Mr. Sumner said he believed in U-int. jr. t
Iefore vte are generous to the rcl-els cf the
South. He thought it was a wd opiortu-
nity lo do jiialicc to the colored raw, and
instead cf being in the common schools or
in the besora of their families was worked
in a factory until nature failed and water
had to lb; thrown in iu face, the cost of the
commission nould not be thrown away if
iUIl:jj a.onc rraj uisciosea ana lield
U! in the fae nf nr,.1 nnivll w
would ask tha gentleman frota Delaware if
me -uassscmisMu law, which prohibits the
employment of children in factories unless
they hail no opportunity to attend school,
was not tetter than net hiving anv common
school, and sending isno-.t bov's and girls
to the pillory or whipping post?
Mr. Riggs said it was right arj proper
for the State of Juwsachusetts ;0 establish
her Labor Liirean, but she should cot come
to 1 congress for that purpose. As to the
whipping post in Delaware, that was an in-
stuuiion mat me people ot that State were
proud of. It only had been established for
ieions anu scouEureis, tuieves and robbers
and it was to be said, to the great glory of The
Stale, that no mail had ever been brought
back the second time after being pronerlv
uhalcd. General laughter.
Mr. Hoar inquired whether im uonien
were whipped the second time.
Mr. Riggs was unable to ay, Lut there
Iiad been imite an emigration Irom Del iw ire
lo Massachusetts Laughter.
vr. Hoar said that if the gent or any one
ele thought the system of Delaware better
than Massachusetts he was welcome lo do so.
Who would dare to sav that he wotild refue
an investigation demanded bv all organin-
tions of lalor and refuse to have it made bv
the able-t, and most impartial andmos't
competent persons. On these two proposi
lionahe would ret the bill and call for a vote
cjn The first ote was taken on Ruchard's
anmemlment, directing an investigation to
be made in the bureau statistics, which was
rejalivcel. A vote was then tiken on Mr.
eumiioeii.s propcsiticntor the aprotatnicnl
ofa Joint Committee, wliicli was nesratived.
Avotewoanet taken on Mr. Ki.lin-er's
mer.dment reiiuinng one of the Coramis-
lirkil.. I. s. Ait I a 4
.uCuU1v..c,.ma,OT:3 -up- sioner. to be practicallv identified with the
plelementaryjCvil Rights' bill. laboring interns of the conntrv, and limit-
.I.?, rt V-t ,?rSia.' m !l-I,e iBglhetermoftherommifsionto or.evear,
that the bill would not be overlaid with -.1
.....4 iwdiwil IU.
for the high rates of freight.
The Iccatioirof Junction City is a very
pleasant one and the land around it is very
rich and desirable, and ptoduces the finest of
crops. While at Junction we paid a visit to
FOOT E1I.EY,
lhe now headquarters of the Cth
Cavalry. We there found the veteran,
Lieutenant Colonel, Tho'.s II. Xeil, Brevet
Rrigadier Oenernl iii.coir.mand, and ju?t en
tering upon his duties, 'lhe General is a
gentleman in every le-pcct, and evidently
itr.derst?rds his duties as an officer We ar
rived at the Port in lime, 1.0 witness "Guard
mounting," which is a very pretty sight, and
did not seem as monotonous to ns as it did
durirg lhe war.
The band ol the Sixth Cavalry is one of
finest in the service, equal, we t' ink, to thai
ot Itiei-ittn Jntai.try, wliicli we lliinlc, is a
high compliment
the same.
The reason for this snggef ion i.-, lhat the
charter gives the Mayer power lo liorrow
money. This he should do lo meet current
expenses until taxes are collected. At pres
ent the cite pays the current C3i.erwp in
scrip, and pay3 double for everything. The
caui foriov
fil!uT3, this a'.Ae ol the
I'm him down here,
wav;
fjlai; bul:till I thlut ycu will llnd
'that it's far from lun tntclawei by a Uar.
1 lere brin us romr stutl his wounds to bind
htav' taLe that old handkerchief over thire'
1Ii;i: v.r.t r.ntruiaj's chuu.li l.a-
cash svslem sucecsted. if properly carried mcir.lwis and Us income, Irom -w
out, would save the city at least $30,000 Kr rfr'i'i amounts lo o(., yo.
annum. The average annual receipts to the Kroranl7lonorTiinimiiiij.
City Treasurer, from sundry sources outside We understand that it is the design of the
of taxes, amountj lo at least $.13,000. Add Democracy of this city to reorganize "Tam
to this 10 mill tax upon a valuation of sir 1 many If ail. It is quite time, one wcu'd
millions (the present valuation), and wchave Ihink, that 13 should be done. Tweed, the
aiundnf $131,000, certainly enough fr a fch-.n, is still Grand Sachem of lhe Order,
cily ol 25,000 inhabitants. and most oflheleadingsachemswl.ohavc been
We further recommend an amendment lo wont to gather around lhe council fires of
the Sta'e tax laws, so that parlies be taxed t the wigwam have either Lcen indicted for
The view from the Fort is magnificent,
is minted upen the Ingli lilults, and com-
1 manus a view 01 iiiecoiiniry lor twenty mucs
around, flic officers of the line arp fine
looking men. ar.d very gentlemanly, and
look as though they could light when neces
sary. It has .ehlom bten our plaure to see a
liner looking body of men than compOAC lhe
tile of the Sixth Cavalry scrupulously neat
in appearance, and their arms ami accouler
ment? glistening in the sunlight, like polish
ed mirrors. In front of the guard house the
"wood sriuad'' were drilling. Their drill
consists in walking atound in a circle, each
armed with a large stick of cord woes! good
exercise for a cold day.
The distance from Fort Riley to Junction
Cily is only thi-ee mile, and lhe drive is a
pleasant one, which Loth civilians and sol
diers take advantage of.
Rot to return to the city. Rtuii.ess of all
hinds is well represented, aiul some cf the
hou-es have quite a large trade. R. Rock
well, esq dcaU in all kinds of gocd', and
docs a bu-iness of aliout $125,0i0 i year.
This is probably lhe largest house in the city.
Hall Porter arc tl.c principal druggists.
Henry Can, of the Sew York clothing
bou-e is the largest dealer in that line.
Siricklcr Street, general merchandise, Jno
Grass, and half a dozenother?, whose names
jt should, still the bridge would be intact in all
iiaikMruuai frail-. uvuu 1101 say ii.ai 11
would not look better for the tube heathiug
to remain whole indeed, we believe that Mr.
Roomer (who has not, nor has his Company,
superintended the erection of the Omaha
piers, the railway coman having taken
that in hand) in the Leaenworth bridge
puts in an inner lining of sheet iron close to
the inner surface of lhe lube, bef re tl.(mi
sonry forming lhe column proper, is laid.
This leaves space sufficient between lhe -tone
pier and its iron slieath to give the latter
space for contraction under lhe lowest tem
perature. It i, of course, understood lhat the crack
irgof the tube is due lo contraction around
the unyielding body of the enclosed pier.
A MAIUIIN lady aged Ihiity-twoyears, liv
ing in Waukesha, Wis., oflcicd a private
detective $1,000 to secure her mirriage with
a wealthy old gentleman, the money to be
paid on her wedding day. The detective se
cured her introduction to the object of her J
m'entions, and directly the acquaintance or
the two waxed vigorous. The fact of the
bargain with lhe detective has transpired in
a suit now before the Wisconsin cv.utts. The
maiden lady in vain tried all her arts upon
the old gentleman. She could not prevail
upon him Is marry her, and so, doing lhe
v.e cannot recall, .ill cam- large stocks of next w1 Ininjr, sue prevailed upon Inm to
,rne.,l. -,n,l An. f.nn limine. Th Hnll uuce tier. ine old gentleman .nun t
upon the average amount of the jierscnal
property ued in their business during the
fiscal year, and not as now, on that held on
the fin-t day of March.
We would further recommend an entire
revi-ion of the city charter, fo as to include
the amendments herein sutrgfsted if ihev
mect with you approval.
crime or are lugitivcs Irom justice, llie
proper thing for lhe Democracy lo do. as it
seems to us, would be not to attempt to re
construct Tjuiinany, hut lo let it pass, quiet
ly out of rxi-tence in the blaze of infamy
tl.at now surround' it. Ho reorganization
will ever be lie eltectual to place Jammany tie Jnii f j,e
ltall m good odor again in Use communiiy
Hou-e ranks highest among lhe hotels.
WAMTGO.
e found evervbodv so much engaged in
the "Narrow Gauge" question at this place,
want to, but lie really couldn't help himself;
and lhe uit in question is his punishment.
1 The maiden lad v considers her krd urine
1 worth $50, 000, and the probability is that a I of the ii.come tax
amendments, but be pas-cd as it came from I
the Jlou-e. lhe people of Georgn were to
day rejoicing over the admission of that Sen
ator yesterilay, and the parage of that bill
would add to their joy. As tf the amend
ment of Mr. Sumner, he honed it would not
be passed, because it would "eventually ive
rise to debate, and it had better stand alose
and be passed or rejected on its own merits.
Messrs. Sumner and Hill di-ctwed at
some length, the question of eqml rights for
colored people in hotels, public s chcoLs and
cocvevanccs.
Mr. Morton modified hLam;rdaicnt m 23
lo apply only lo members of Congress and
United States officers.
Mr. Edmunds moved logo into executive
session. Lo-t.
Mr. Trumbull appealed ta Messrs. Moitcn
and Sumner not lo press their amendment'.
If anything practical was to I)e done this year
in the way of removing disabilities it could
be done only by passing the bill as it came
fr"om the Hoae, and he urged the Senate not
to adjonrn till the bill should have pa.-ed.
Mr. Alcorn said if the bill vas to le
amended a3 proposed, hi interest in it was
lo a great extent gone.
After further discussion by Me.-ir.s. Scott,
Morton, Wilson and Thurmji', it wssnrreed
that the vole lie taken im the I 'if and
amendments at -1 o'clock to-morrow.
The Senate then went into executive -v.s'on
and soon after adjourned.
house.
On motion of Mr. Upson, the Selet t Com
mittee on the Ciil Ser ice. Was in-trucled
to inquire into the expediency of providing
for the election of postmasters by the j eople.
Senor Gallega, Delegate from I.V.v Mex
ico, was sworn in.
On motion of Mr. Roherle, a resolution
was teferred to the Foreign Relations Com
mittee, declaring the rrgret of the House at
me recent murder ot Hie 1 lavana student-.
Mr. Hoar's Labor bill V.-33 taken up.
Mr. Campbell argued lhat in referring the
subject to .1 select committe of the House, if
the President appointed the commi-acn they
would Io selected from the friends of the ail-
minitra!icn, ar.d perchance Mr. Rorie
might bo at the head of the commissioners
and Tom Murphy at lhe tail. On the other
hand, if the commi-sion was appointed by
the Speaker it would be selected with im
partiality, and would I composed of the
representatives of Loth capitalists and labor
and cf the Democratic party aiwell as the
Republican party. Unle-s Congress ,'honUl
take prompt and active steps lo relieve-the
laboring classes from the present oppressive
system of taxation, a storm with di-a-trons
consequences would be the result. Onngrc-s
discriminated against labor and in f ivor of
capital. Coiiiuicntins en tho rrcnl of the
income laT. he said the rich man would thus
he relieveJ from the proper burden of tax
ation and the drficit made up hv the mass of
the consumers.
Mr. Dawes a-Led il the IVmccrat- pro-1
posc.i 10 vote lor retaining the income lax.
Mr. Campbell replied lhat he ,n not
here as a represe-ntalif e for aii'arlv, and
said be would like to kno.v if all the Re
publican's were prep-jred lo vole r iriieal
.Mr. larasworth moved to amend the
amendment by requiring three Commission
ers to be practically identified with the in
terests of labor.
Mr. Hoar said he would accept that.
Mr. Garfield objected on the ground that
the Commissioners would all le on one side
of the question, but he subsequently with
drew his objection. Tben Hoar objected.
buthe too withdrew his objection; after
wnicn lvuiingcronjecteci. i-am-worth then
limited his proposition to two members.
commissioner Pierce objected. A vote was
on Pierce s amendment, requiring the Coni-mis-ioscrs
to be selected with reference to
their characler and capacity, and it was
carried. The hut amendment was that
cfiercd by Mr. Cox. reomrtnsr the selection
to be inade irrespective of political or pcrti-
zan consiceration, and it was agreed to. The
bill 23 amended eras then pas cd. Yea?, 134,
nays, 27. Ths Bill as pas-ed read as follows:
"Re it enacted, &c, that there shall be ap
pointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the" Senate, a com
mission of three persons, one of whom shall
be fraternally identified with the laboring
interests of the country and
who shall lie selected frcm civil "life, solely
with reference to their character and capacity
for honest and impartial Investigation, who
-hali hold office for the period of one year
from the date of their appointment, unless
I their duties shall be sooner accomplished.
who shall investigate the subject of wagesar.d
hours of labor, and of the division of joint
profits of labor and capital between laborer
and capitalist, and oflfce social education of
all, and the.sanitary condition of the laboring
classes of the Tniled States, ami how the
same are aCccted by the ixi-ting laws regti-
auii cutniucscc, iinar.ccanucurrencv: rro-
vided, That said Commissioners shall heap-
pcinicu irrespective ol political or partisin
considerations, and from civil life.
Sec. 2. That -aid Commissioners shall re
ceive an annnil "ahry of $.",C0O each, slnll
be authorized to employ a clerk, and shall
rcportthc result of their investigatiors to
the President, lo be transmitted toV n -rc-ss.
The Hotifi' then adjourned
The 'es-inn to-rporrow will U- eneral
dtbite nnlv
with the EepnbL'can party.but they were
opposed now becatise it was identified in their
minds wii.Ii laws that oppress them subject
them to heavy and grinding taxation, and
put them at the mercy of loafer-, thieves and
adventurers.
Mr. Robertson wished to call the attention
of the country to the fact that the men who
heralded themselves as the friends of the
Amnesty Bill had voted to trammel the bill
with amendments.
Mr. Sawyer was confident that Congress
would soon pass an amnesty bill, and he was
willing to wait for h for the sake of getting a
properly framed bill.
Mr. Logan charged that ceilain Senators
who had urged the passage of Ibe Amnesty
Rill had to-day voted for amendments in
tended to delay the bill until th Committee
should have reported on the claim ol one
Gov. Vance, of North Carolina.) fie had
himself seen men on the lloor of the Senate,
button-holing Senators to postiione the bill
until that case should be settled. He
therefore appealed te its friends not to press
it further hist now.
At C:35, without acting on the bill, the
Senate adjourned.
iiol'si:.
The Hcu.se was in Committeeof lhe Whole
for general debate on the stati of the Union.
Rutfew members were pre-cnt, most of them
b iving left for Christmas holiday.
Mr. RIair of Missouri made a speech in
favor of general amnesty.
While Mr. Rlair was'sjieakiug, a menage
was received from the President in answer to
a resolution calling for information about
Cuban matter?, but as tha order of the House
yesterday was that no business should be
done to-day, the Chairman declined to open
the message, although a desire to have it
printed was expressed by Messrs. blanks,
Hoar and Kerr.
Mr. Rurdett characterized Clair's speech
as monstrous in sentiment, and so extraordi
nary tliat every Republican from Missouri
was bound to repudiate it.
In course of the session the Chairman re
considered his position in regard to the Pres
ident's message, an 1 opened it as Speaker
pro tern.
The Honse adjourned till the S;b day of
January.
The .New Public Ilnllilliis Hi 4'blcago.
Wasihxgto.v, Dec. 22. The Secretory of
the Treasury has requested Collector McLean
of Chicago to call upon the property owuers
01 ine biocl; upon winch the old pestotbee
and custom house were located, and to re
quest ihem to state the terms upon which
theyjwill transferthe property to the Govern
ment. Their response will be submitted to a
committee, consisting of Judge Drummond,
Gen. Ravcridge and Joseph Mcdill, who
will report as to whelher the terms are un
reasonable or not.
The report that the House Commitleeon
Expenditures of the Treasury propose to ac
cept the St crctary's examination, is incorrect.
Tim Weather.
Wamii.ngton-, Dec. 22. The weather
probabilities are that increasing easterly
winds, with rising temperature, are probable
for Siturday throughout the Atlantic States;
the snow Iieing followed by rain in the Middle
States; an arcaTof low barometer passing
northwestward on Saturday, about Missouri
and Indiana, with southerly winds andrain
in the Gulf States and the Ohio Valley; con
tinued easterly winds with snow, are" proba
ble on the LaLcs. Dangerous winds are not
anticipated on the Allanticrcoist.
NEW YORK.
that they hid no time 10 tali, anything else,
so tve lude them good-day, promising lb
call again, when the
go from here It)
"Int'le" was over. We
AMi.rc::,
'long burns,'
from whcie
CITY KEI'OKJI.
The jt-Ojdof.f Leavenworth may 1ms con
gratulated ujion lhe unanimity with which
the Citizens' Association approved the report
of lb; CVinuiiltee on City Reform. Indeed
we may say lhe cop!e, for the court room
was crowdid ai.d the seiiliount was almost
univer-ol.
We are inciuxd to think miuic of the sal
aries wcie e!l no litph. I;s ca.e they are, the
charter can Ik-drawn so that Ihey shall not
exceed the fiiuw named, and may lie Ie in
the discretion of the Council.
With lhe light spirit ai.d a determined
will, our city taxes next year med not ex-
ce?J one and one-half jer cent.
The action of the committee and the Ao
ciition on Wc-ditt-sdav niehl, eeIrcs the
ne?ded reform in our city.
At the meeting next Wednesday night the
committee will report lhe icvised charter.
We hope and believe the County Committee
will make a report thcl will cut down county
taxes fifteen milK
Tiie report of lhe City Committee, sub
mitted and adopted at the meeting Wednes
day night, will be fuitnd in full in our col
umns this morning.
In presenting this repoil, the careful result The erv name of Tammanv will always, in
of an earnest efiort on the part of the Commit- the future, be identified in the Kpu!ar mind
tee, we laice pleasure 111 retcrnng to the lu- i Willi fraud and corruption. Jlesides, llieso-
lure prospect of our cily. With this year 1 ciely was always undemocaaticjn principle,
we hope will disapj-car from our tax roll and mo-t tyrannical in practice, It is a se
many ugly items that we trust will ncwraji- cret society, and, its jiolitical Kjwer has
1-ear again. About $."2,000 in judg- Ihxii lhat of a plotting, wire-pulling uligat
nieiitsare to be paid, one year's interest on j chy. For the lat ten ;.car a clique of lour
the Mirsouri Riyer Itailroad bonds, amount- j or live sachems has dictated every nomina
ing to $17,500; $21,000 of indebtednc-s for lion and every appointment to office in this
school fund over what should appear on, the cily, while the rank and file of the Dcmo
annual tax roll; then add to this a reduction cratic party have been driven up to the iolls
of expenses in the way of salaries, to the likea Hock of sheep to ratify its decree. -V.
amount $23,800, and cap it all by a saving 77nr.
e f 1 i.'
ui csu,Vvn oy rexuming 10 a caii uaiis,
making an aggregate reduction ofalxrit
SU 1,000, we will have reduced the neces
sity ofa tax levy to about li per cent., and
provided ample means for all necessary and
reasonable expenditures of our cily." We
will have reduced our taxes lo less than auy
of our neighboring cities, and will compare
very favorably with many of the larger citiis
in toe older States. If the same reform can
be carried out, and the same proportjomte
retrenchment made in county alfairs that we
have found may be made in city affairs, ami
allcan b; carried into eflect, we can then
point with pride to our condition in this
respect; can invite capital and in uistry to us
with an assurance that they will be 'remuner
ative, and will not pan; into the hands of the
tax-gatherers; that both capital and indu-try
instead of being driven from 11s by reason of
high taxes, will, of their own accord, come
to dwellani'jng us, and we will start. inew m
the high ro'd to prosperity.
II. D. Rush,
D. R. Axtkoxv,
O. R. Taylob,
Geo. in ExGTistr.
I.OIKllCCUS.
A nuuib-r of English merchants have just
been "lanicd" alul as seriously as the Eng
lish capitali-ts were who invested in Confed
erate bonds. It apt ears that the merchants
aforesaid, anticipating lhe death of the
Prince, and consequently national sorrow,
went over to Paris and bought all the mourn
ing goods tiny could find in the market, lobe
held for the "rise" which ihey expected
would follow in a few d ivs. Rat they have
found to their grief that llie uncertain calcu
lations of court physicians about lh?""dying
prince" are a iioor Iiasls for commercial spec
ulation.'. "Hying pr.ncts" may sometimes
get well, as Albert Edward hts shown; and
mcurning merchandise is poor stock for the
holiday season.
A IrTtroi; Ettocli .Intnl.
The J'Ttt. Ihcsa snys: Koine eighteen
months ago a man named' Jolinon, living
in Jackson, went South to work, and remain
ed tLere until about two weeks ago, wilhout
once writing to Mrs. Johnson. She at length
concluded that he had bee-n ealen up by Ku
KIux came to Detroit and got a place as
cook in a re-taurant, and three months ?go
married the captain of the seoW Maria.
John-on returned to Jackson, heard that his
wife was in Detroit, and he arrived here la't
S11nd.1v lo hunt for her. After uianv in
quiries he learned that she had been wedded 1
lo a bold sail-lo-ur, and rmiitlay morning
he found the scow lying at the foot of Ran
dolph street. He went aboard, and there
stood his long-lost Betsey Jane, calmly dis
easing a dish af ota'oes and meat. She
screamed, the Captain came up, Johnson got
mad, and he acted so totally different to what
r.nocii did, that a policeman was called to
prevent a free fight. The woman was not
inclined lo go back to her own love, and was I
icu 0.1 uuuru v.uiie io.in-on went up town 10
find out how to proceed. WhiieVhe was
gone the Captain hoisted sail and stood away
fer Lake St. Clair, and Johnson relurneel to
I the dock lo find himself without a remedy.
He is yet in the citv, and his greatest desire
is lo once more ct the Captain in his range
J011 will heir jgain liom
NAi;:oV,-1; wc.E.
Keem;e Traill llioe.
Xaiioleon's remail: tiiat the vices are the
lest supporters of government se-ems lo find
substsmiation in the repott of lhe Hritish
Revenue Cocmiiis-ioners for I Still. From
this it apjiearj lhat the inland duties mid
licenses derived from the sale of mall and
spirituous liquors in Great Rritain for lhat
ear amounted In niiutreii millions sterling
or ninety-live millions of dollars a sum
equal lo nti.e-twentiellis of the entire inland
revenue of the kingdom. It would appear,
too, that the conunq ton cf liquor in (treat
ISritain is vastly more, cr capita, than in
this coiiiitry. Kpct-ial Ccnimi-ioner Welles
estimates that in ISti" the amount of money
paid by the people lo retail liquor deabrs in
the United Slates Iras' one hundred and sixty
millions of dollars. When it is taken into
consideration thai in Great Rritain, notwith
standing the high rate of duly and license,
liquors are ictailcl at less than one half
their ca-t in this country, and that the entire
receipts of the retailers here are less than
double the amount paid for duty and license
in Great Rritain, it will be seen that Aineri- I
cans arc les.s frequcrt in their libations than
their cousins across the water. The liquor
Ira tic would be a source of great profit lo the
government if it did not take nearly every
dollar derived from it to ippres and pun-l-!i
the crimes to which it gives rie.
sympathetic jury will give her bi'j.CW. Of
course the victim has no remedy, th u?li the
maiden lady is a deliberate anu convicted
swindler. The law does not recognize the
comparative value of different artiihs of
virtue. It discovers the fact simply that this
edd gentleman for instance ha" money, and
that he has been indi'Crtct. And it makes
no provision in behalf of the victims of this
designing female, ibis branded swindler.
Ibis brazen harlot.
Mr. Dawes a-'t.cd ..by he im; tiled :o lhe
Republican party a desire to req-'l this lar.
Mr. Campbell replied lha: the Pn-sidei.t
had not only in hit annua! message hut had
actually bought ii.iliiidnal members of
1 uiigrcs hi vu: iot 1: ociore me I.oiidavft. I
mere nan been :i little proce .on in the
streets of Xcw York Ia-4 Sii'iday. 1 lie men
who toskjart in it meant biisines-. They
could no! have their agent so before (.n-
gres, as capitals had it, but they w.re com
ing. 1 iieconlhet 111 lti2 Utwc-cn labor and
capitaluould lie one of the mo-t remarkable
events in the history of the country. The
clans were gainsaying, they would come frcm
theniountain top, from the valley, from the
I plains, from the far off frontier, from the sea,
r! from the rier and from the lakes in one
1 .1 ?ii-
.rnpairr TrnlulMir.
The finV.ciii World iltidet.-l.iiuls the
value of newspaper training ai.il :is tiie fol
lowing i!e-sersl Irihnlc lo lhe iu-iiaior
trraduatc:
ir ,.r..i 1 ...,.i, 1
a newspaper office for almost ar. s.a::01, in mmon union against lhe wrongs iniheted
life, at least for all such as require a pretty j "P01? .'V'.f "J tlmtlf D' th" ,rjnnf
cocil knowIccW of iU--icnliariiu; and ''1 "MusIiIt Lefore Liw."
cbaracicristi: of lha human family. A man
who can preserve the serenity of his temjier,
lhe sweetness of Christian di-iiositioii, and
an unflagging perseverc-nce amid all lhe ob
stacles and difficulties wliicli nespaper pub
lication presents, deserves lo lie ranktsl with
Job for patience, Rixter for goodness, and
the Iron Duke, for instance, for nerve,
K)cr and oUsiisale determinalicn
WASHINGTON.
CONQHESSIONAL.
TilR story of finding fabulous amounts of
gems and gold in the heart of ML Cem. du
ring the construction of the tunnel, is 100.
ircsh in the minds of most people to allow
them to receive implicitly the statement cf
similar discoveries under the bed of the Mis
souri river. We are prepared for large
stories from lhe West, anfl it is possible that
garnets, ametiiy.ts and gold ,have been found
forty-three feet below low water, but the
magnificent "indation," as miners sav,
are noflikelv 10 bear inspection. -J1 1'
rWoirae.
Now where are tbose gems and lumps of
gold under the bed cf the Missouri? Has
Leavenworth, or St. Joe, or Omaha, been
telling lhe Eii-tem people of "unsearchable
nciies" in tbeir own particular earthly
bowels? Kansas City Bulletin.
We only know of one town on the River
where such a story would likely originate
and that isn't above the month cf tiie Jvaw.
TIIE TltO IN 3tO.C3tK.T.
The question of the proposed monument lo
the memory ol the Iste General George II.
Thomas is being agitated by llie journals of 1 and vi-ion,
Kansas, and a desire has Iiecn expressed by
many of the people of the State lo do some
thing to aid the good work. As preliminary
to organized cTort. in this direction, we re-I
produce from the Atchison Claapio'i the
following letter, which exp'aiiu it-elf
St. Lc.ri'-. Nov. 27tb. '71.
cj. jjsii a. -VartiM.-
At theja-t meeting of the "Society of
the Army' of the Cumberland,"' held at De
troit on the loth and lCth in.-ls.f you were
appointed to receive subscriptions in the
State of Kansas for the Thomas Monumental
Fund, and to forward the same, monthly, lo nV a. ,n "fr 1 'f V
ibe Treasurer of said Society! Will vou B0,faJ,,l,0,15fJ -t0 H,".
send to them the scbscripliou papers which I
have sent to-dav. With a little
effort we can rai-e a large fund. Do not slop
nan way, but let us build a monument
Scut hy lixpreM to Ileal en or Hell,
The last nianfestation of lunacy is a Spir
itualislic postollice, establislieil by a fellow
named Hint, in .T-ew lore.
lunatics in the flesh directed to spirits in
Inaven or hell, as the case may be, are for
warded to Mr. Flint's postoffiee in New
York, and he tends them, byexpress, to their
destination, and receives the answer. The
postage is rather binding, being two dollars
rer letter: but it must be remembered that
0 I the department Is new, and expenses heavy.
Ai-rc-ftled. By and by a movement will probably be
1 -r. 1,. it s-. r made in the direction 01 cheapjpostage, as
Vi e learn from Mr. ehber, City Mar-1 t i.
ti,- ti,.i .,1 1 i .1 the facilities for inter-corarnunicalion be-
which mention was made pesterday, hasbeen mgdomsare ircreas.
arreled. His name is James Daily. Sus-. r
..con was directed to h.m on learning that j L jn(o fc'
be was trying to 1! various articles of f.ir f ,fe Wh;,
at be -aloons and o her places He sold a he waa paInp out the clt.shter left tl.e scat
sett cf furs for one dollar which were worth fc- g. anJ
tweiily-lie dollars. About $I.n worth of 111 1 .1
1 r. prim looking lady, who occupied lhe seat
goods were found inni3 posses-ion. After an 1 .1 1 it
r-:..: 1 ,c X- ir.. 1 n.:i with her, moved up to the window. Una-
exanunation before Inquire Hudson, Daily 1 1
1 wsre of HiA imnnrtar.t rhan-p inside tvnr
was beld to bail in the sum of 5HW. J be c i
f Iv- r""'u,c Kivnu liiijiieviy ui las uie up iu
1 Vkit Mnnt jw rmlm I. i.1",M.l 1.1 1
in.- w..eieu snoun uc 1 lor anv narlicntar candidate next vear.
Ineir lands. made hv lh timmiliro nn o?r-.ii.i nnA Ti.. 1
ri i .1 1- rsr, lit 't S.S.-W...... ji,e iiiikiiiiiK jmiir cxpireil, II1C
of Mr. Anthony. Ij.OOO ropie-i 1 labor. The investigation wonhl tend to al- nnfinhU hn.In, ,.f ir- ..i
of the Civil Service Commis- lay lhe wrong imprcs-'iorw cf foreign work- General Amnesty bill, was taken ii'' The
rcompanying message were order- mgmen coming to Ibis cenntry. He had no ending amendment was Mortor.V provil-
I fear of the reult. He was nerfectlv wil- ?nf itiit ihoirr t,eT.U r.t i.-n.nU,..i
linrFTlinr Tiro inrs. hi.
SEN'ATC,
WA8HINGTOX. D.C. 20.
O.i motion of Senator Morton, S2oO,000
for the Gene va Commission, and $G2,000 for
the expenses of the Mixed Commission at
Washington, was appropriated.
Senator Poinerov presented a nuiiinn (mm
the Osage Mttlert askintr a settlement as tn
v iniuH f
Letters from U,1UMCB.?1
WllUJOUOil
of the report
ston and ai
cd printed
Mr. uavts, 01 Kentucky, ocercd a con
current resolution directing the Investigating
and Retrenchment Committee lo report con
cerning'lhe interest of the President in govern
ment contracts, the appointment of his rela
tives to office, and also as to the appointment
of those who have made him presents; also
as to the San Domingo Treaty, and as lo the
President and heads of Departments absent
ing themselves from Washington.
A Senator thought the resolution scanda
lous, and wanted it pi in ted as he d. sired ten
thousand copies as campaign documents.
Mr. Morton desired fo see llie resolution
rasa-
The resolution was laid oyer.
Bills were introduced and referred as fo!
lows
Mr. Rings said the Democratic nrrtv nx
the natural prelector of the Ialoring cfass-es,
and the Republican pariv had extrated more
money from the working men during lhe
past ten years than the Democrats had in
forty-one years. The gentlemon from Mas
sachusetts (Mr. Hear) could not talk pny
more aliout the negro, ar.d now he wanted to
get up a little sympathy, from laboring men,
out. iney unucr.-tood tins. 1 ucre was not an
i intelligent man in the Hcujc who leiievcd a
man could obtain a livlihood for hi) wife and
ehildren by working eight hours, what
right had the States to come and say "That
man should not work ten or twelve or four-l
teen hours a day if he saw proper to do to."
If the gentleman wants to make regulations .i
in relation to labor and capital, he should go -r rc,IM j jn wa, IaF(1 ov
to his own State, and set lhe examt le instead it. c-
nf..!:..!!,...!.!.!.!.- 1 1 7 .-ar. ouHiBer caiieii aiicnuon to ine
?r,.fr!l ,Minn cf 1', 1 K ,,T ,Le th3t endmcnt w.s not to go into eS
introduction of such a mcaMireas ,hw. Mard, 4 IS- aM e f
"irXATC
Wasiiisi.to:;, IV-. 21.
Mr. tn-iner offered a joint resohition
amending the Constitution so a3t.J confine lhe
President to one term. This1 amendment
would r.e.t go ii.to operaliui until the Ph ..f
March, 1S7::.
Mr. Milliner offeree! a r.M-Iution, which
was adopted, to direct the Committee 011 Re
trenchment to enquire whether any money
Ind lieen p-iid cm account 1)' any as-er!c-tl
lease for tie' Riy en Sanisnt lo Slip tlmtetl
Sl3l-, am! if so, by whom, u; of what fund,
and to what amount; also, if such moneys
nave wen paid by private lwrson, then I
report thi-names 01 such pe r-ons with their
business 3P, inducemcnLs to this outlay.
whether they are interestol in I .nd grants or
other siieculations on lhe Maud of San Do
mingo; whether Inert- was any understanding
that stielr moneys would Ie refur.dc.1 by the
United States; aIo to ascertain the applica
lion of null moneys and tl.e agent obtaining
ll.edi-btir-imjof same with the powers and
paj.er?.
Mr. Trumbull presented a elitiuii, which
was referred, from Elizabeth Cady Stanton
ami others, demanding sullragc and asking
lhat llicv Ii" bean! in persoii lefore lhe
Senate and Hou-e in Iiehalf of their
memorial.
Mr. Sumner, in introducing his one term
auierdment, aid: "I siiall content mvself
with a brief remark. This U an era of civil
service: reform, and the President of the
I mice! Slates, in las message, calls our at
tention to that fact, and make recommenda
tions in reg-.rd to it. It may be remem
bered mat i nailed tliat message as u was
read 'rem tbe desk; I forebore then lo (talc-
that Imifscd oneimportant recommendation
a very important one cithout which, all
liifcthtr recommendations I fear, may be
lutile. I missed a recommend.itun of an
amendment to the Con-titution, in con'orm
ity with the best precedents in cur hi-tory,
and with the recommendations of ilhi'trious
men, limiting lhe holding of the office of
President to on terra. Sir, tint is the
jnitial point of civil service reform. That
is the fust stage of that great refoim. The
scheme of th" Prcs'dcn' is tl.e play cf Ham
let without Hamlet. I pro;o?"e, hy the
amendment that oflcr, to see Hamlet
brought into the play
Mr. Sherman "Docs the Senator propose
to iKr-lpone the play of civil service re-tcrm
until we adopt t!i!3 amendment?"
Mr. Sumner "No: but I mean lo put I
Hamlet inlo lhe play. It needs not long to
Held (u Hull.
Xcw Yonh Ike. 20. Colleudtr. lhe
Rar.k Examiner, was to-dav held in!K!i.G0O
lull.
Tlic President's, liitlicr Mrcrk nllla
I'.nruljsls.
Ci.vcix.VATi, Dec. 2(. Je-o R. Grant,
fdlier ol the President, was struck with par
alysisat 1 o'clock p. m.to-dayat Covington,
Kentucky, while at the postoffiee. He fell
to the lloor and remained insensible over an
hour, after which lie was removed to his res
idence. He was letter Ibis evening, having
so far recovered as to sit up and talk some
wilh his friends. Hid health of late had
been as good apparently as ii--ii.I. lie Is 7i.
yean old.
Tb- L'lidrrcrullud Itnilnny.
Nir.v York, Dec. 22. At a meeting of the
Roan! of Directors ol lhe Xew York City
Central Underground Railway Company to
night it was determired to open stock sul
scriptiou looks early in January under the
charge ofa Financial Committee in connec
tion Ciith several prominent hankin; firms.
I'he company nport tttiuiites lhe ELst line,
which will cxtuid from the Cily Hall to
Harlem, alS.17,fii"..::I. It ic uropo-cd t.
finish the work in a little over two years.
The estimated revenue of lhe line is S7.20O.-
0. TiiihkI Uinds will Ik? iisuei! and
secured by mortgage lo the aiiiG.ui! of
?::51fc00,tKK).
.en. Sickles. 'xrel
SiiIii .tilnrnil
r-sls.
Nnu York, IKc.
to the
Mr. Ringham advccatetl the propoed
fact
!tct
ncjt
11.- I interfere with the preferences of tl.c Sinatcrs
As an evidence of the hurry which some
times marks legislative proceedings, refer
ence is made to the law of the last Congress
characler to emulate, ol an example by
which 10 nape ineir lives.
Very respectfully,
J. S. FCLT-EETOK.
Treasurer Society of lhe Army of the Cum-berlahd.
the window and hastily exclaimed: "One
more kiss, swe-et pel." In another instant
the point of a blue cotton umbrella caught
his seductive lips, followed by the passionate
injunction: "Scat! you gray-headed old
wretc h and he scatled.
HlstCoazlnm.
TLe Little Rock HepuUican says-
Miss Phoebe "Couzins, of St. Louis, was
in thai tear." Of course so much of the oath "JT"? "i. a.'1 r1"
is included in italics was not intended for J ZISLT mV V"" sTlS"
l .i, t,.,. i.. f it ur ne of the members of the bar, in congratu
the.nath, but for rome other part of the law. ,iangM;9 0 her
n 7 I "While I do col know that I cancongratu-
Tbrltend rr.M.111.. in Pollnlo- I,e yon as a tWW, yet I feel that it
tnleCcnalT- order to welcome you a a Gn-iin;" which, j
"ur V u vr 11 I0 l-iuie Jlocic, maj be considered good.
tlon fhotlltl i& MIiIp tn T-iKiNfn.fi. a ATvf.. ,.f .1,1. n
'i cicviiuu .liitinjui 4'f oil
lie wished the wnoie record of A&irimn nTT.-t. nm?- tl i c f:tt i.
labor to be mad as dear .is sunlight to the at the time of his election inelegible by hw.
oppressed ot other countries, end they would Thamer.c!nicrt was reje 'ted hr a vole'o! 2.3
nndentand that It is the pride and i yeas to 2! mvs.
boast of America that iiere for the lir?t time Sumner's "air.er.ilment, a siipplirnentarv
;uuti iiueiieiuio.ioi law, nan oecn civil ngiils inn tficn came up, and after con
secured lair day s wages for lair day's work, sidcrable di'Mia-ion wac re-iecl
lie cared not a ligas lo what might I advo- of 2D yeas to SO nays
caieci oy ine imcrnatiocaii5ii or cjomraunc. Mr. Ivlmurds ciiccd a-, ammdment
i ce peopie oi ine country were enlightened
they know their rights, and knowing d.tre
maintain them. Ltt lhe Inrjniry be made and
lhe fact would appear that in Ohio,
for example, where there were no more than
35,000 square miles of territory and 2,000,-
rejected by i vote
which wouid eTcliHie all members of Con-gre-s,
'itccctd-ng tl.e Thirty-fifth, who par
ticia!..i, wl.i h wo.s Ict by 27 veas n
nays.
.Mr. Pratt offered an amendment providing
tliat tiie removal of dcsabililies should not
fn 1 .t ..uu...
vw peopie, mere Were more frtcIio!der ive ncrar.ns i rehevrtl nmr ttilm m il.o
more men who had a permanent sf.-d in ili mn.ij irt.rl, iI.ot. .tn rT.
By Mr. Blair, to grant Missouri all the I soil, than there wsrc in Great l!ri:.iln :Trl. runrUtnftrt tl. iT:i' i c.-.JL r
.Yft tnr 0 s.-..j ..e,-,.. uuiiutuiir-. ajtr
reuiaiiiiiiK puunc j2nas in inai stale nr tte "r aw.wu wmare mile? ol territory and her yea, 'Si; navs, V. 1
grander and richer than any yet constructed ""fi'ff 'T ,he.f ".'f, f- T
in the New World; one that will stand for 'of S ,e ,aw V,'11 T
agesafter we liave departed from thb stage; J f??t,,.,,!,,li"I? WfV0? A -Vn"
b,c -:n n'.i l- cm ,R ftilution of the Lmled Slates, and the vtiows
spoils virtue, the heroism and .courage of L"Ztf lied this
mis moctej soldier; that will lell them of a
benefit of the school fund.
Mr. Rockingham offered a resolution au
thorizing a Committee on Retrenchment to
sit in the city of New York, and authorizing
us luirwuiiuucc iu auuiiuiMcr naitis ana
take testimony. Adopted.
Mr. Sumner called np his resolution ask
ing information about the United States
naval veEcls sent to San Domingo, and it
was passed without opposition.
Mr. Fenton, from the Committee on Fi
nance, reported a bill to reorganize the Cus
tom Servic?, and to regulate the disposition
oi noes, penalties uu lorieiiures.
In accordance with ibe authority and in- I from ameS'. wP'.ch f3-" 'h! 0S Pfe I Miss Couzins was also admitled to practice P""11.1 i-epofucans, and that its passage
.1 r cincis srve uiaioriiira lorine uonus. .ii; ou ln tho nnK.iu y.ne i.v.8...w.ii ""J m
-fc--, w. uanin announces it;. T.nn;TiIh. f!0 tnul 5.
that he has appointed the fnllnwlnn tu! r.,n
".0 uuu, I XUZ 4UllUIIJg )J4C lUdJUIllIU tfM.ll.
iiCMjraiitj--r i-irsr t
m.. n
tee senate then loot up lhe lioiLseGe-ner- tnorougn and fair ascertainment of facts
ai Amnesty Dill. and second,
Mr. Robertson said it was favored bv all
Lot
27,000,000 of people. Mr. Watson'moved to amend by itrikin
Jir. sieyeruon sent lo lhe Clerk'.s de-k out the exception? in the bill, and excepting
and had read a Ictler received from William i Instead emir members of the Thirl v-sixth
L3Bin, I resident of the International Union and Thirty-seventh Conzrc-v-c-t who' aided
the relielhon, and Judges of Supreme Cutir's
of Ir.e L'nited State', and heads of executive
department', who joined the rebellion.
t"st yeas, -I: nay,
Mr. Morton offered ir. diCcrenl Iarguage,
but in substance, the same amendment oiler
ed by him yesterday and rejected this morn
ing, ami it wa? adoplrd by a vote ofjil to 2o-
Alr. .ijorton ouereii an amendment, ex
cl Iron Molder, stating that the eyes of the
laboring classes were on the fate of Mr.
Hoar's bill.
Mr. If oar closed the debate. He charac
terized Campbell's amendment lo refer lo a
select committee, as an attack on the I'revi
dent. Mr. Giim.!ell di-xlaimcd anv such nif.i;ro
Mr. Iloar said two things "were loheac-
compnineci ny trie
carir
more friends there then any other measure
T.- f, nvni -.n-K.i;nn rrrj'. 1 1, that could Dosublr case.
to whom the neoessary siibscriplion paper?, Bellvue, oil; Blue, Id; AYamego, 58; Brash ham Lincoln, Dr. Draper stated that shortly I Mr- BockinghMa read mi elaborate speech
The reform trumpet has, as ye.', given
forth only its pretetliBg notes; the great re
Terherating blast is jet to follow. Aor Tori
WmU.
Nothing short of '"the great reverberating
of Gabriel's trumpet will wake the
petty which the Win U npiieeiili
etc, have been sent: Creek, 10; Lower Pottawatomie, lo9; Up-1 before the assassination of the President, he
Alebimn Msinr Snl P w..t i Pr loiiawatomie ai; at. ueorges, o .saio: "luonot imnK l snail live to see the
Atcnison Major sol. r. Washer. andlf....i -j- u..rJ.t. i: rT. .i r r .i..i -a
-uajor uen. u. uaie. an(1 EmmeU are reported against the bonds, j ion, but it still keeps haunting me." He
Leavenworth Col. John Cocover. j and Footc's precinct for. Shannon and began to reeeive Ihreatning letters soon after
Topeka Capt. Lewis Hanback, and X I Clear Creek are not heard from. MaaJuitlan his nomination. He kept them by them-
L. Prentiss. rfnalM. selves, labeled, "Letters on Aseaarinatioo."
"M aw i JW1MI UMDCUCU WHH
Chrtopft-s-Ctd. John V. Horner.
UobeUMtaMMt E. D. Kosc
In aaaecneia; IIn above appointment
CoL Maetia mm itt mlier agents will be
appctai,iaJI A of the Stale a
A. severe storm at Thibodeax, La., blew
down a house, killing two men and serioosly
injuring two others. A little boy was caught
in the air and landed 300 yards away, where
he fell, uninjured. Upon alighting", he ex
claimed, "I tell yon, 1 had a sweet ride."
the plot which had aaeeeelied.
Tub Xew York Rises reiterates' its ttate
ment that Mayor Hall has had aqaarter of
million of dollars on deposit at one of the
King Ranks, and dam any one to deny it.
on the subject. He expressed the opinion
that Jefferson Davis and others, ocght to
have been executed immediately after the
war, but the Government had "relieved so
many individuals from political disabilities
that there were some apparent reasons for
charging if with injustice, if it refused to
relieve others nn more guilty than those re
lieved. He hoped no other amnesty bills
would he wtrodootd.
A motion was offered to the amendment
providing that the act shall not be construed
to elate hack so as to validate the election or
appointment of any person to ike position of
satisfaction of the country with
eluding from the operation of lhe bill all
who are, or have !en within the pa-t yc-ir
memlien f the lCti-klur Klan. lav! I.r 27
the the rcull. Roih of these were imp"i-! yeas to 2nav!.
ble under the proposition of the gentleman Mr. Conhling ofTcrol nUtat.tial.'y the
from Ohio. The President was a rain of same amendment offered by Pratt, but it was
courage, but there was one thing i again- rejected ea, 21; nays, S2.
which be dared not do, an.1 tliat u, Mr. Pralt offered an amendment excluding
to devote llns commission lo political or par-( members of the Kukhn organization. It,
lisan purposes. The President was to excr- j yea? 27, r.av?2 'j.
cite the authority conferred upon him in lhe l The bill having been considered in Corn-
eyes or an anxious, expecting, aroused senli-j mittce of the Vi hole, was repcrted to the
ment of the laboring classes. j Senate, and the ipiestion was taken on con-
Mr. Campbell asked Mr. Vllar if l,o I rrr-rtn'. in tliK adoolinii of Mr. Mftrtr.n'j
thought the President would apjwint a Dem- j amendment adopted in Commitke. The
yea 2!,
I.is
ocrat on the commission.
Mr. Hoar thooght the President would if
he could find a Democrat thorou?blv nm.
Me and interested in Ibe investigation. In
reply to a remark by Mr. Biggs, jn relation
to the miserable condition of the factory boys
and girls of Massachusetts, Mr. Hoar sa'id
thst if a singe hoy or girl ot 1 years of age,
amendment '.vas concurred in,
uavs. '20.
Mr. Snmner rgain offered in Secaf
supplementary Civil .Rights EjII.
Mr. Kellogg opposed it, and urged the
passage of the bill is it came from the Hcit'e,
as a matter of justice and sound jwlicy. The
people of the South had naturally affiliated
ed Urlciria lo
iuiiurlutil ,r-
Gen. Sickles ex
pects to ri turn to Spain in a month or six
wctks. lie brought important matters for
the State Reiiartuient touching Stain and
Cula. Though he was advised hy the for
eign opponents of the Erie ring to make
.1 united effort for justice, he will not lake a
prominent part therein. The General will
probably lie tendered a public reception.
The Grand Jury adjourned till Tuesday
without presenting any indictments.
Rumors still continue lhat inixr!ant ar
rests will be made.
Invc-tigaiion will be made in regard la
lhe affairs of the former clerk of U'ashineton
market, to ascertain what was done with the
large sums of money collected from the occu
pants of the stands on the s.idewa!d of Veey
strctl. S.me of Ihem jkiv $1.20(1 to SLSOn
annually. It is alleged that not one dollar
of this h-isgonc into the city Treasury.
llie iiti:i-irH Mt laki- lll.-is Mill
4'onClMlle.
MisMl-His, IKc. 21. The but isrw,n who
left Like Village, theirineof the Lite outrage-',
in Chio county, Ark., reports that
he was ordered hy armed negroes in reliirn,
which he refused to do, and "iicveeil.-il in es
cipirg. There was great exritctuenl, and
from the screams of the white women am!
shildrni who were seen rii-hing down to the
levee, it wan i.uppocd that attempts Were
being made to ravish the few white women
who vere unable to make their escape.
Capt. W. P. Walker, Republican Sheriff
of the county, has made application to have
regular trcops sent to quell the di-turbano-,
it being feared if the maliti.i are sent that
they will fraternize with the insurgents, ihey
neir.g molly negrcc-. J.very white man
who could obtain a conveyance has left the
county, which is Iing maruded by armed
bands of negroes. The negroes say they will
not disband until titer have settled all dis
putes with those for whom they have woiked.
The Governor lias sent his adjutant to Ihc
scene of the di-turbince, but in the mean
time all lhe leading Republicans, Con
servatives and citizens of lhe county hate
united in a petition lor recular troojr.
'terrible IXnllruiMl Arrldrut.
iMHAXArous Isi'-i Dec. 22. A lerr hie
accidcct occurred on tl.e Cincinnati Indian
aiiolis Railroad about noon to-day, foi-r
miles east of MorrL-town, Irdiaca". The
train leaving Cincinnali at 7 o'clock Ibis
morning was 'thrown from the track by a
broken rail. The conductor, Flinner, ami
the engineer, Hamilton, were instantly killed.
The fireman and twelve or fifteen jiasscngert
arc reported seriously injured.
Th" encrin' and train ran ome twenlv or-
ll.irty yards ,lefore leaving lhe track, until
it struck a bridge, when the engine and tram
were hurled over the bridge, the engine falV-
irgon one"ideaniI the oars on the other,
in-itantly killing engineer James Hamilton,
31. R. I-Iinncr, conductor, ami Pat Kilkary,
foreman of the ction where the accident
loccnried, and breaking the arm of baggage
I master Martin F. Golden. The conductor
was in the baggage car at the tune, and wai
hilled by a stove falling on him. Several of
the pa.--engers were injured, but none 'eri
ettsly. A ItlcxMljr Time .tnllrlimle.'V
Lgi'isvili.!-, Ky., Dec 21. The-Couricr-Journal'H
Vicksburg sixcial to-ila aaya ait
vios from Ijke Village, CLU county,.
ArkaiL-uSj nayj jn regard to ll- adair of lhe
lltii inst., lhe negroesstill hold the town.
n.l v-tll. ..T-l--.
on all Ire roada to prevent any one entering
the loftii. Only one white family is k?ft iil
the place. ILe negroes are ransacking
houses', store-, larn, etc. The Governor
ha- bcn telegraphed and Senator Clalon ha
been ajpealel lo at Washington for aid, and
is measures are not promptly taken lo restore
order it Is believed the white citizens will
organize and march on lhe town, whn a
Moody tiiaemiy be anticipated.
i;inkrnit.
Sax Fkaxciwv, Dec ii The ComniL!
sioncrs commenceil jiroceedings to wind up
the IVopIeV Insurance Company, bankrupt.
The couruel Sr Farwell Co., Chicago,
atd other jolicy holders, commcncnl pro
ceedings in bankruptcy against the Pacifie
Insurance Company, which will nece-silale
the closing up of its affairs at any sacrifice.
It is belieced it will result in reducing the
amount which the policy holders would have
received, had the directors been permitted to
manage its assets.
;l
V
li 1

n
1:1
M'
m
V S-VV-Vs.

?Sd
iSsfrf