The Old Family Journal.
A Seasonable Word.
The Winter is upou us—already we feel its
chill bleats and shuddering draw our heavy
wrappings more cloeely around us. Lower
ing clouds aud raw winds portend the coming
storm, and soon the dreary, death-like mantle
of snow will enwrap all nature in its immacu
late folds. Uusily the Frost-King weaves his
tv ouderful web, its entangling meshes enclosing
tree and shrub and spire of grass in one vast
net-work, the touch of which, like the finger
of death blights anJ ruius all of life and beau
ty upon which it is laid. It is the dcatn-*ea
»on of the year, the fading time of the bright
bowers, the green leaves, the soft velvet of the
grass—all are hardened aud blackened, and
the bare earth, like a great open grave stauds
ready to receive to her cold bosom the lifeiess
remains. Sadly we Iwk upon t.:e dreary
scene, how much ruoro tireary but for the cer
tainty that this cold, seemingly friendless earth
I eart. holds away down io its depth* the germ
of a comiug Spring—that when these winter
months shall have passed away it will send up
iigj.n iq renewed life and vigor the fair ver
dure, the life-giving sap, the bright laughing
II >wret. I»et our hearts like that of oar ol 1
i >ther-earth retain their warmth and geutle
i e-v, though all be bare and bleak without, aud
1 v 1 ving. kindly deeds and gentle wools cheer
the sutfering—the needy who have no comfort*
r luxuries, the sick and sorrowing to whom
life is a burden too heavy to be borne. If we
w u but try it how easy a task it might
prove to make some fellow-creature happy—
w simple the process to cal! a smile to a
t Idei.rl face; thus may all the winters of
]:fe be turned iuto the blessed brightness of
r -time, and lead to that Eternal Spring
Avfc brightness uever grows dull, whose
bloom f. ie* not.
Circuit C ourt.
Tin November term of the Circuit Court of
Jeer- n commenced on Tuesday last—Judge
E. 15. Hall presiding. The legal fraternity
;s j die fully represented. No petit jury
.v: g been empaneled, there can l>e no jury
c..> tlif* preseut session, but \vc understand
Judge Had has decided upon an adjourned
terra f r December I2th, at which time jury
c.i'cs will be tried.
The Grand Jury on Tuesday found several
indictments; to wit:
rgo XV. Kichelbergcr, road Surveyor, for
failing to keep roads in repair.
J Ln Hums, road Surveyor, for failing to
keep roads iu repair.
Ja. 3 0 amblin and Fax Harris (colored)
i r resisting an officer.
J Manning (colored! for Petit Lnrcency.
An ccti n against J. XX'. McGinnis, for
:.‘tri: g without license. was tried—the
re; ::tig a verdict of £10. Several
State Ci.3es are pending.
Circuit Court of Berkeley County.
11. II. I Tibwrn, Esq., announced in open
a rt .2 **liof KtcWxnH. XYilsojj, a mem
5 er of ti .3 Bar, and the following resolu
ns were Jopted by the attorneys iu attend
ii.ee aid i S tl»e CcHirl ordered to be entered
upon the Records:
/.'■••m l l, That wo have Ixard with deep re
g t th nth of Edmund II. Wilson, Esq an
ait i.t y ,r.il member of this Bar.
J -17. 1'l.at in his drath we have Wt a
c i: j aiii' U of motives and strict in
tegrity arm tar. and, profess.>nally. a
g im:;. r wlnon we D*{*d had come a
i a g t..> to i<»y a full d.arcof usefulness and
2. for wLxh his learning ami industry fit
ted him.
1 1 That we extend to his family and
fi i A r lit artfelt sympathy, mid as a fur
rier i <.f respect, a c« py f these resolu
te St- it rtd of Record cm tl<« journal of the
t.rf, *e furr.islud to the taaiily of ti e
d« a: *1 that this c* urt do Dow adjourn.
XX i.er* n the Court adj timed.
i s Wo learn from the .Vor
t /min that Hon. C. J. Faulkner
i purchased of the Rev K. S.
T.tcv ti.e r tn of his high bred Durham
St k. ;r jo'digreos can 1-e trace*! for ma
t y g •'.oral: l ack with all t!;e certainty and
i formation that distinguish the
pr !y 1 r-yal houses of Europe. In view
cf 1..3 ,-.v. :.ts of late in thoroughbreds,
M" F. i- se’.. g off ti e comm hi breeds in his
1 XVc are glad to ace a disposition
cm g ur p to raise improved stock—
i A y we w. 1 g»t letter beef after awhile.
Sv i:\mexi i Meetixo—The Sacrament
cf t! I r is Supper will l>e administered in
t prc- :.,n Church, in this town, to-raor
r a- t. ruing at 11 o'clock. Preparatory ser
vices fin.ei.ced yesterday, and will continue
gh t 'av. The Rev. A. C. Hopkins is
33 3Ud at *i.»3 me- ting by the Rev. Mr. Ley
1 ■..rn.. XV. 3!ct—a gentleman who always
j r a> lies with power, and is heard with pleas
ure, and a ith pr >iit, we hope, by our people.
MPEkaM-K.—R*v. J. B. Fitzpatrick, of
Fhfpher h'U wn, will deliver a Temperance Ad
Jh 3 l vt- re Pi ix Division Sons of Temper
ance. at Dnffit Id's Dqx.4, in the Presbyterian
ui h, Tliur- lay evening next—tlie exer
cises to la g at 6 o'clock. The Temj>erance
ga:. of the county have been iuvited.
Ilri.:*• i t Xovm The Kev. Mr. Ewan
v j ret h at Middleiray to-morrow morning
>i '.»y at 11 o'c! •ck, ami at Wiltshire's
Jxh i llou iu the afternoon at 3$ o’clock.
PaIM i i. A ii»ent.— Mr. llcnsill, whileen
p u 1 in throhr.g clover-seed for Dr. E. L.
ag( r Thursday la-4, got hl> arm caught
in ti e 1. A 11 r.e f the driving w heels which
f i in the fracti. o of one of the bones of
t..e .re an: The l no was set by Dr. Wa
ger.—Spirit.
'He cry ol f.re which startled our |wc|de on
'j i.ursdav i-.v. ri i.p, was occasioned by tbs
1 i.:n g out of a ti n.ney at the r sidence of
Ucv Mr. Tongue.
1 s hi h—i >n Wednesday, the Grand Jury
oftleCVi: a! :;;t the District of Colunt
b.a i.r i true i au linst William II. Stokes.
!'j.! a cl.argi g 1 “with receiving fees
while a Kcjircsentatives in Congress.”
W-ishi: g! n corresj'.ndentof tl«i Phtladel
j t l’:- ss ay “There is a rumor of another
defalcation—ti. m« i:i the city jx>st office.—
The story is. that a c rk who has teen living
rather fa.-t, l 1 et i. d;> -vered to le a defaul
ter in a considerable amount.
The School Festival—Quarterly nm;n
Rine, devoted to original matter, for l*ty
School and Sunday School Exhibition*, aud
Public (Kcasions.
The October number of this popular ^Maga
zine (which was destroyed by the great Chicago
fire, when all-ready to mail,) has been reprint
ed, and has just reached us. As its subscrip
tion list was burned, the Publishers request
us to ask their subscribers to soud their ad
dresses. stating what numbers were yet due
them, and to remit their subscription for neat
year. Let all teachers and pupils subscribe
now for the School testiva!—they all need it.
It costs only 60 cents a year, in advaucc, or
15 cents for a single number.
The Publishers were very heavy losers by
the great fire, but they don’t propose to allow
their^subscribers to lose anything.
Send, by mail, to ALEart) L. SewelL Wo.,
Publishers, Chicago. III.
IitcM'i NT* or the Great Fire.—Send, by
mail, fifty cents to Alfred L. Sewell, Publish
er. Chicago, 111., and receive, poet-paid, a copy
of hi> clotb-lHiutid bock of Incidents of the
Great Chicago Fire.
Imp hit ant Ilecutoj*.—Ou last Wednes
dav.J* ige Turner of the Circuit CotirV render
ed a decree in tho cause of the 0., A. Ma
nassas Lailroa 1 Co., rs. the Winchester Po
tomac road, which was elaborately argued by
distinguished counsel last June in the Fred
erick Circuit Court. Idie suit was instituted,
it w;l! be remembered, for the value of iron re
moved fr> m the Manassas road by tbe Federal
government aud laid down on the W P. road
during the war. The Judge rendered a de
cree allowing the Manassas Comjtany, 2,08o
tons of iron at $55 |>er tou and 14 tons at $4
per cwt the whole amounting to $115,860 in
money with interest fir five years.
We have not heard whether it is the inten
tion of the W. A P. company to carry the
case to the Court of Appeals or uot.— H’imcAm
ter Xetca.
A MARRIAGE I«V PROXY.—10 I lllswirjj. i
on the 11th inataut, Fernandea da Jemmes
was married to Mis* I/Cila Addison, of tliat
city. The ceremony was performed by Bight
Kev. Bishop Peroet.tc. An f nttsltal circum
stance in connection w ith the affair is tl at the
bridegroom, who is Spanish charge d'affaires
iu Borne, was represented by proxy. Miss
Addison had been studying in Pome fur sever
al uiont I s, in cun panj w ith her aunt, a w ijow.
The I re Prim e Minister of Spain availed him
self of a privilege granted tinder the law of the
church and appointed a brother of the bride
to represent him. The lady left f >r ashing
ton, and will sail far Europe in a few days.—
Bishop I>. says this is the first ceremony of the
kind ever performed in this country, although
not uncommon in Europe,
A dashing young foreigner who railed him
self C.umt Hamberger, lately wooed nnd won
a New Y"ik lady, whose mother paid his wed
ding bills, ruunitig up into the tall hundreds,
became a draft on s<*me great expectations in
the old country which he was waiting for
didn't arrive in time. Finally things were
missing from the house, which only lie had
access to. Moneys intrusted to him were con
fiscated until his enraged mother-in-law had
him arrested and locked up, couciliccd that
instead of C unt Ilaiubcrger, he was a no ac
count Lumbugger.
Disinterested Sympathy.—The Philadel
phia North American is greatly shocked that
some cities have shown an ungenerous di>]»o
sitioti to take advantage of the crippled condi
tion of Chicago toapprojwiafe her trade to them
selves. The North American says Philadel
phia is actuated by very different feelings and
can sell the Chicagoans building materials
cheaper than any other city iu the country.
Thai's what’s the matter.
In l$ti4 Grant wrote a ielter to a friend in
Boston who had suggested Lis name for the
Pr« deucy, in w hieh he said: Even if 1 could
be elected to the <ftiie, 1 should deem it |>ecu
liarly unfortunate both f< r myself and the
Country.” One laitf tl.e prediction is literally
verified. It has proven, indeed, unfortunate
for the country.
Hard on Grant.—George Francis Train
says me hard things of the occupant iff the
White House, lie says Grant thinks Lafay
ette came from Germany and tlie Hessians!
from France! and that lie (Train) never sees
the General without feeling like saying—“Gen-1
erai, I've only five minutes, tell me nil you
know!”
The New Sedative and it* Dangers.— J
The L ndon in ini calls attention to the enor
mous manufacture of ti e new sedative drug
chloral. It states that it is sold bv tons a
week, and quotes a letter from Baron Liebig,
affirming that one German chemist manufac
ture* and sells half a ton every week. Of
Course, no such quantity is used in medicine,
aud the lancet seems half afraid that it goes
into beer.
In Mr. Everts, then l". S. Attorney
General, wrote a letter, in which he said:—
'The duty and authority of suppressing disor
der anal preserving the peace, under our Gov
ernment, belongs to the civil authorities of the
States, and not to the authorities of the United
States.”
We understand the g""<^]»ei.jilc of Hills
borough. and its vicinity, have become greatly
rxercised over the discovery last week, of gold
quartz in a strata of rock near that town. The
specimens have been teated by an old miner
and pronounced by him equal to the best Cal
ifornia.—I.vwhun Mirror.
Kcsawat.— As Dr. James McSherry was
Jriving up Queen Street Tuesday afternoon,
bis horse took fright and ran away, dashing i
the buggy against the corner curbstone of the
Court House pavement, and smashing it to
pieces. The Doctor w as not injured, although
be made a narrow escape.—Era.
An Arkansas man estir tod that a Little
Rock paper had inflicted $00,000 damages to
bis character, and spent several hundred dol
lars in getting the opinion of twelve g men
»nd true on the subject. They thought be had
been damaged, but cut the amount down to
£1.
Atlanta, Nov. 14.—The Lcgistati re
o- l.iv elected, by an overwhelming majority,
Hon. Thomas M. Norwood, a moderate demo
crat, of Savannah, to the I’nited States Senate.
Now is the accepted time to gather worm
v >o«l, catnip, booeset, peppermint, tansy, or
'tie r herU for the wijtt r.
Clarke County.
How Radical Hum us auk ScrroaricD.—
We were culled upon by an assignee in bank
ruptcy to print handbills /or the sale of some
personal property, when we ssked the geutle
man if he did not wish the advertisement pub
lished in our paper. He replied that the de
cree of Judge Hives’ ci tirt was that it should
aj pear in one pajer, ni d that «l*er wasnatn
ed in the decree—a radical paper—ami jatb
lighed at Lynchburg, uy wards of one hundred
andffiy miles firm where the sale lakes place.
What honesty there i»in radicalism! Kejscr,
don't t oil v ant to l tty a dog V"
Cos vicTf ii.—Napohs n BonaparteChristian,
rob iid. indicted for limbing into and rob
bing ll e In Use of Wm. K. Randolph, near
MillwiM d, I. tl e 10th f last September, was
ttied on last Monday 11f» re ot.r county couit,
and convict'd of stealing certain articles men
tioned in the indictment, and the jury fixed his
tern of impriwMui nt in the penitentiary at
four yiars and six niontbs. C. M. Lmithan,
I Ci>nimonwealths attorney, was assisted by 1).
Holme* MiGuiie, and Messrs. Marshall and
.Samuel MiCoimiik vure counsel for the pris
oner.— (far he Courier.
I’ktki.s-'S’s Magazixk for Peccmlier is on
1 our table iu advance. It is a splendid number.
We do not wonder at the great popularity of
“Peterson,” for it really gives more lor the mo
ney than any other. Kvenr lady ought to
subscribe for it. Its stories are the host pub
j lished anywhere. In 1872, in addition to its
usual quantity of short stories, Five Original
Copyright Novelets will lie given. No other
magazine gives double-sized colored steel Fash
ion plates. The price, in spite of its improve
ments, remains at £2 a year. To Cl ibs it is
cheaper still—four copies for £fi, with a large
engraving, (24 inches by 1C), as a premium to
the person getting up a club; or eight copies
for £12, with both an extra copy of the Mag
azine and tlio engraving, as premiums. Now
ie the time to get up Clul*s for 1872. Speci
mens of the Magazine sent gratis. Address
Charles J. Peterson, COC Chestnut Street, Pliil
j adclphia.
Hi or Dr. A. lUliuiL
Last week we mentioned briefly the sudden
and distressing death, l y falling into a cellar
excavation, of l>r. ilainillof Martiii'Lurg. In
noticing the unfortunate occurrence, the Stales
1 man pays the following tribute:
We suppose he was killed almost instan
taneously, there being no trace even of a con
vulsive struggle. Thus suddenly and violent
j ly» in the prime of life, and in the midst <>l hi'
usefulness, he has l>e**n removed from among
us. Ho was pci hups the mc»t t Xpert operat
ic surgeon in the State, and he-stood deserved
ly high as a physician. In literary attainments
lie was eminent, ami his intellectual gifts were
of the highest order.
As citizen, neigiilor and friend he was high
ly and justly esteemed, and in charitable acts
lie excelled. He was ever ready to wait upon
the poor, without the thought of compensa
tion, and his serrin$ in this respect will be
greatly missed in this community.”
Our Eailioad.
We learn that, mainly through the iusliu
mentalify of those truly live men," Messrs.
Kichelbergcr and Knode, fire miles more of the
right of way have been obtained upon reason
able terms, which, added to the eight secured
l y Shepherdstou u, will give us thirteen of the
sixteen miles rtqtiircri for a clear tract across
the county of J< flVrson.
In the remainii g time miles, thm may be
we understand, a few exceptional cases where
no fair coc.pr* mise can lx* eflected, in which
contingency, resort must of course be had to
a jury of condemnation.
We trust, however, that there will be no
occasion for the intervention of the law that
the public spirit of the people of Charlestown
and its vi inity will not permit them to be
j outdone in lilu-rality by those of our "old pre
cinct, ami that <o land owner can he found
in the other end of this enlightened county
who is so selfish and short sighted as to as
sume the responsibility of impeding the pmg
ress f an enterprise of such vast public ulili
ty. bv enacting the ungracious and ttnpr»fita
ble part of‘* the dog in the manger.” But as
failier Ritchie was wont to say, “notu ver
ixms /”■—ShcjJierdstoirn Ilegister.
Aitoistmkst.—Mr. W. X. Lomen, Jr., c f
this vicinity, has received an appointment in
Capt. Randolph's ,rps (if Engineers, and has
been assigned to duty with the Corps now
operating near flavauun, Ohio, surveying ex
perimental line's between Tiffin and New Lon
don, for the B. 15. 15. Mr. Lcmcn is a
recent graduate of Hamden Sydney College,
Virginia, and has selected this profession as
more congenial to his health. We congratu
late the Corps upon the happy addition of such
a clever gentlcmuu to their Company.—Slteje
herdslown Ilegister.
Every particle of poisonous matter is carried
out of the system, the pale and sallow will become
fresh and vigorous, by using Simmons’ Liver Reg
ulator.
Mali’s Vegetablb Sicilian H\ir Resew f.r now
stands among the first, and at ‘.be bead of all ar
ticles for a similar purpose. The testimony of our
physicians is conclusive as to its value; and we
are personally acquainted with scores of cases
where it has been used with thebestof results. It
will restore gray hair to its original color, and
leave* it glossy, and in a healthy condition while,
for beads troubled w ith dandruff. or any disease
of the scalp, it acts like a charm in cleansing them.
Try it, and you will not be disappointed.—LttctU
f'mirier, May 2, 1SB8.
I5ev Alfred Uooktnan, of the Methodist,
Episcopal Church, well known in Maryland,
died at Newark, X. J., on the 13th inst.
MARRIED,
In Charlestow n, on Tuesday the 7th instant, bv
Rev. William n. Meade. Mr. LEWIS E. LAM
BERT aud Miss L. J. HOFFMAN, both of Sbep
herdstown.
In Charlestown, W. Va., bv Rev. A. C. nnp
Icins. Mr. (HAS. A LI. WEN th Miss MARY TAL
LY—all of this county.
By the -atne, at the residence of the bride’s fath
er. near Kippon, Mr. I.EV1 M. PORTER to Miss
AGNKSS It. CRISWELL, daughter of Andrew
Criswell, formerly of Berkeley county,
Bv the same, on the 16th inst., in Charlestown,
Mr. G. W. SMALLWOOD, to Mis* LUCINDA
LLOYD of Uiatke county, Va.
In Smitlitield, Jefferson county, on the 14th
inst.. bv Kev. M. L. Shuford. J AMES N. LEAGL E
and Miss LIZZI E SHER.M AN. both of this county.
At “Stonewall Jackson Institute," Abingdon,
Virginia, October 31. Is71. by Revs. S. D. Stuart
and E. H. Barnett. HENRY S. PRESTON, Kso.,
to Miss MARY STUART, daughter of Rev. S. D.
Stuart.
At Crbana, Ohio, on the 2(!th dav of September,
1*71. at the residence of the bride’s father, Levi
Geiger, by the Rev. Charles Ftirpason, S. L. P.
STONE, formerly of this c> untv, to Miss Jl!LlA
F. GEIGER.
MASON CO.. Gettilemtu l our Bit
ters were used bv me in a case of extreme Debili
tv and Languor with the most satisfactory results;
the patient rapidly improved in strength! and was
shortly restored to health. 1 ant confident all
who use it will but attest its virtues, and add an
other to the list of those who hare reason to be
grateful for your invaluable discovery. Hoping j
its circulation may be commensurate with its ex-
ccUcnce. I remain verv respectfullv Y"nrs As.
WM. P. MANNING. M. D. I
A R M S T R O Ns' G CO.
MAKDKACTrr.Ens OF
STOVES AND HOLLOW WARE, PLOWS ANI)
PLOW CASTINGS.
POUT DEPOSITE. JIAHYLAND.
I)EO lea re t<> call the attention of Housekeepers, Store Dealer? at:d the t-ad generally t<> their
celebrated Cooking Stoves EMERALD AND VIRGINIA, which we will guarantee in every
Particular a< the moat complete Cooking nnd decidedly the b 'si B iking Stores in tin- market.
Magill’s Patent Fire-place Heater, Magill’s Patent Smoke and <>a* Consuming Radiator, together
with a lar"e variety of Cooking Stoves. Parlor mid Fire-place Heater?, Ac. Ac.
Manufacturers ot'TI.V ANI) SHEET IRON ARE.
Responsible Agents wanted in everv town and county in Maryland and Virginia to sail our Stoves.
Apply to JAMES ARMSTRONG,
September 16,1871—4m. Office 64 Light Street, Baltimore,
MUSIC LKSSONS.
Mrs. c. T. RICHARDSON* will give lesson*
in Music to a tew pupils at her residence.
July 8, 1871—tf.
Jefferson Institute,
Cliurlc8town,W.Y i **8fi*t i n.
rplIE next Session w ill commence on .Hominy,
I Sr/’IrtMljcr 11 th, 1871.
Being provided with competent Assistants, every
advantage for a thorough course tn English, the
Languages, Drawing, Music on I'iano and Organ,
will be afforded. Particular attention will be paid
to Music, and pupils w ill be required to play at the
Musical Soirees, when the friends of the pupils can
have an opportunity to judge of their progress.
Vocal Music will be taught in classes as well as
bv private lesson.
'For Circulars, Terms, Ac., apply to the Trinct
,,al. Mas. A. Si. FORREST,
j July 20, 1871.___
Charlestown Female Seminary.
rpHE next Annual Sessii n 6f this School will
I commence on MONDAY the 11TH D.\A (B
SEPTEMBER NEXT, at the rooms of Major
Kearsley, corner of Main and West streets.
The course o! instruction embraces the usual
branches of education taught in our schools, in
cluding also Latin, French and Music.
Boarding will be provided, and terms and fur
ther particulars made know n on application to the
Principal. Charges in all cases to be paid one half
in advance. ROBERT T. BROWN.
Charlestown, Jefferson county, W. Va.
Aug. 26, 1871.
J JUNTA I j X >TU I
DR. McCORMICK will visit Charlestown pm
fcnioHally, on the Senmrt Monday of Febru
ary, i Uth.) April, (10th,) June, (12th,) August,
(14th,) October. I Dili).
Feb: uary 4, 1871.
To Samuel Sundheimor.
I I^AKE NOTICE, That tour spotted Bull, left by
I you in the possession ot Wm. Lewis, has com
mitted two several trespasses upon the property
occupied by me belonging to th« Me.-ars. Gracey,
in Jefferson County, near Myerstown, which is
surrounded by a laivtul fence. Given under my
hand this 2d day of November, 1871.
A. H. A J. W. WITIIERSl’OOX.
November 4,1671—4t.
Clover Seed.
I WANT to purchase one Thousand Bushels
CLOVER SEED. Willpay the highest market
price in Cash. E. M. AISQU1TH, Sit.
Nor. 11,1871—31.
NX >TICE~
vi^HERK will be a meeting of the President and
I Directors of the Smithfield, Charlestown and
Ifarper's Kerry Turnpike Company, at the Sap
pington Hotel! in Charlestown, on Saturday, No
vember 25th, 1 s71 FRANCIS A ATES,
Nov. 11, 1871. President.
Notice to Contractors*.
T)KOP()SALS for Work on the Court Hnu^e at
J Charlestown will be received until the 1st day
ot December. 1871. for Plastering. Painting, Tin
work, Ac., Ac. The plans and specifications are
open to public inspection at the Court Room in
Charlestown.
LOGAN OSBI’RN,
JOHN J. LOCK,
JAMES H. MOORE,
JOHN G. COCK It ILL,
Nov. 11, 1871. Oommiasionera.
JUST PUBL1811KD- “Women.or Cbrtah
of the late War;"— Sequel to “The Holcombs,”
by Miss M. T. Magill. Encourage Home Litera
ture. For Sale at W. S. MASON’S.
n GOFF'S Celebrated Extract Malt—fresh in
voice just arrived. W. S. MASON.
I HO MO Chloroluin—the most powerful dii-in
fectant known. \V. S. MASON.
MASON’S White Oil prepared with great care
and warranted in all cases where Liniments
are required interior to none. Prepared and for
sale only by W. S. MASON.
1IGHT Brown Cod Liver Oil recommended for
j its purity, for sale by W. S. MASON.
November 11, 1871.
lUCKWHEAT FLOUR.—Fresh Buckwheat
I) Flour just received bv
Nov. 11, 1871. KKAKSLEY A SHEERER.
G1. A. <f- Fine Salt, Gtain and Ground Pepper,
T (’avenue J’epper and Sage, for sale by
Nov. II, 1871. KLAUS LEY J- SHEERER.
OFFICE ANDES INSURANCE COMPANY,
118 West Fourth Street,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
Financial StutPinent
OF
Andes Insurance Company,
October 25, IHT1.
CASH on hand, in Bank, and in
transit,.- 9266,034.43
BONDS—U. S., State, City j market
and Countv,.)■ 390,073.34
I
Railroad Bonds,..,.j value. 8,900.00
Collateral Loans, 1. 99,500.00
and Accrued Interest, 49,000.00
First Morgtages, I. G9T,190.r>3
Bills Receivable,.. 9,347.00
Book Ao’ts (Premiums A Agency bal. 38,096.60
Am’t from Stockholders by asses.-’t, 600,000.00
$-2,078,148.46
CHICAGO LOSSES,$850,000.
J. 11. BEXXRTT, President.
Geo. E. Cordell, Agent,
Charlestown. Jefferson County, W. Ya.
November 11, 1871—3m.
T< >NSUMPTIVES.
HIE advertiser, having been permanently cured
I of that dread disease, Consumption, by" a sim
ple remedv, is anxious to make know n to bis fellow
sufferers the means of cure. T<> all w ho desire it,
he will send a copr of the prescription used, (free
of charger, with the direction- for preparing and
using the same, which they will finu a seas Ccbf.
for CossrupTioK, Asthma, Bkonchitis, <tc.
Parlies wishing the proscription w ill please ad
dress ltrv. EDWARD A. WILSON.
264 South Third Street, Williamsburg, X. Y.
Nov. 11, 1871—ly.
Rags Wanted.—The high
est CASH price paid for Rags at
this Office.
ITeatlier Botl
IIOR SALK. For information apply at this
Nov. 4, 1871. OFFICE. I
OX MONDAY LAST,
A Most Air fat mid Terrific l'.a'tO Occurred
in cur midst beticeen the II tides and
/darks.
[tunning Too and Fro to Sec! Sec What? 100
Lives Lost? Oh Wl at a Mistake!!
IT na? 100 Cases of BOOTS and SHOES bet
Citv work direct from the Factories fui the
OH! I SEE!
STO«E,
Where they can be bought 25 pi r cent, cheaper
than elsewhere. I especially invite the Ladies to
exatniue my stuck of line Shoes before purchasing
elsewhere, for 1 am certain there never wits such
a stock before offered in this market. Just look at
the following prices:
LADIES’ SHOES.
Ladies’ Pegged Morocco lials. SI 25 to 1 75
Cair 1 25 to 2 no
Sewed 44 1 75 to 2 25
44 Oil Grain citv made 2 00 to 2 75
44 44 Pebble 2 00 to 2 50
44 Undressed Mor. 44 2 00 to 2 50
44 44 Dressed 44 2 00 to 3 00
11 Turkey Mor. Hoots 2 50 to 3 00
But 3 001<> 3 50
44 44 Kid Laced 2 25 to 4 00
44 French Leather 2 25 to 3 00
44 High Cut Lasting Hut 1 50 to 3 50
44 44 with vamp 1 50 to 8 50
Misses’ Kid Boots city made 2 00 to 2 75
44 Morocco 44 44 44 1 25 to 2 25
44 Pebble 1 5C to 2 25
44 French Leather 44 44 2 00 to 2 50
44 Calf 44 75 to 1 75
44 Lasting Gaiter? But. Laced 1 50 to 2 00
GENTS’ HOOTS AND SHOES.
Gents’ French Calf Stitched Hoots, $4 00 to fi 50
Sewn! 00 to on
o Pegged do., 3 00 to 4 50
44 Stitched Gaiters, 2 50 to 3 50
44 Sewed do, 2 25 to 3 00
44 Heavy Kip Boots, 2 50 to-3 50
44 City madu Oyster Hoots, 3 50 to C t)0
44 S’ailcl Bottom 4 00 to 5 00
44 Potomac 44 3 50 to 5 00
Childrens Shoes of all styles anil qualities from
35 cent- up, all kinds of Guui Over Shoes and San
dies, Carpet and Leather Slippers. I hove also in
additiou to my large stock of Hoot? and Shoes a
complete stock of Fashionable Clothing and n most
beautiful stock of Hats, Caps, and Gents’ Furnish
ing goods, all of which must be sold at some price.
My motto i? Sell, and sell 1 must. Don’tforgct the
place of tile
Oil I Kvc
i otore, adjoining the residence of Humphrey Keyes,
Esq. 1. llAMUl’KUEK.
OcL 11. 1871.
t w.v ,'iouii'niai ra<rl’i
A\ hisfcev, ton years old, guarantor d pure.
U.W. CHAMBERS,
Harper’s Ferry, Mar. 23, 1 h7 1. Agent.
rr/"WA SACKS G. A. and Fine Salt, for sale
f J low for cash, by \Y. EBY.
ttORX Hampers, Wood Ware, Quren-waia,
Lamps of ail kinds, for sale by W. EBV
I jMXEST Green ar.d Black Tea, Fresh Tomatoes,
Jp Corn, 1’eas, Peaches, Cucumber 1’ickles,
Chow Chow, Cheese, Crackers, Scotch Herring,
\V. EBY.
I I'HKICATIXG Oil for machine purposes, fresh
I j Sperm and Neatsfoot—having purchased all
the above in large qnantities, Iain prepared to
sell them at very low rates. C. E. KELLER.
Harper’s Ferry, July 29,1871.
1 CITAR and Violin Strings in great variety for
T sale bv C. E. BELLI.K.
Harper's Kerry, July 29, 1871.
I MIESII Roasted Coflee, Chocolate, the very
4 best Gun l’owder Tea at reduced price at
Aug. 5. 1871. W. EBY’S.
NrhW AND NOVEL. Dial; -i-d Screen Fan
nins Mill ar.d Separator. For sale bv
“July 29, ’71. JAS. LAW. HOOFF.
'\'r EW Crop, Timothv Seed fur Sale bv
JAS. LAW. HOOFF.
Sept. 16, 1871.
I FERTILIZERS.—Turners, O’Ber A Son, Fu
ji reka, Burgcn A But* and i’urc Peruvian
Guano for Sale by
JAS. LAW. HOOFF.
I'UST received a foil and bcautifn! assortment
of Lamps, and Lump Goods 20 per cent cheap
er than ever sold in this market. Also, the best
brand of Kerosene Oil. W. S. MASON.
VLI. the School Books Died by our Schools on
hand—any Book wanted, not in stuck, will
be furnished at short notice at Publi.-heis prices.
Sept. 30, 1871. W. 8. M.tSON.
STONE WARE.—We have just received the
very best quality of Stone WrL such as
Jars, Jugs, Milk Pans and \K A gallon Fruit
Jars For Sale by
Sept. 16,1871. KEARSLKY rf-SHEERER.
I AMP GOODS, Lamps and Lant
j nest Lamps in the market we are now offer
ing much cheaper th«n were ever sold here.
October 28, 1*71. GEO. T. LIGHT <f CO.
SAFETY TUBE.— By this little contrivance wc
can make your Lamp non explosive. Every
body must have one—price 2."> cents.
iJimp Shears.—Save your Scissors by buying a
pair of these Shears, and improve yr-ur light by
trimming vour Lamp wick proper!v.
For sale by GEO. T. LIGHT A CO.
HENRY County Twist Chewing T -bacco—the
very best Tobacco extant. Cigars from 15c
each to 2 for 5c—the best in town. Tit them—no
humbug. GKO. T. LIGHT A CO.
(VRANGE Tonic Bitters, prepared by ourselves
al.-o for sale. Physician* ore critic them for
Dyspepsia. GEO. T. LIGHT A CO.
(hUDERS for Books and Music receive special
attention. GEO. T. LIGHT A CO.
NEW GOODS.
IT’K arc now receiving our Fall and Winter
Stock of Goods, which we offer at very loi\
prices for Cash or Country produce.
KEAKSLEY A SHEERER.
October 21,1871.
1 AI)IKS' Dresa Goods.—We have a handsome
assortment. KKAItSLEY SHEEKEK.
"WTARXS.—White. Blank, Bine Mixed, Dine and
1 Scarlet, Blue and White, Scarlet and White.
Oct. 21. KEALSLEY A SHEEUEK,
(t LOTUS A Cassimerea—a handsome essort
j incut just received bv
Oct. 21. KEARSLEY A SHEERER.
HATS.—A large stnrk of Ilata for old and
young, just received bv
Oct. 21. KEAKSLEY A SHEERER.
T \'t BR d tt K
\y Ang. 2tL 1871. W. EBY.
SELECT your Tobacco, from the largest stock.
You will tind it at W. ELY'S.
I JEST assortment Glassware at
1) Sept. 30,1871. W. EHY'S.
Estray Cow.
i RE1) and White Spotted Cow with horns.—
She hs« a white spot on her face—with a red
mark on said white spot. Any Information con
cerning her left at the store of McCurdy A L»uke
will be gratefullv received.
November 4, iS71—3t.
1 JURE New England Hum the very thing for
X pottiag up peaches, at CHAMBERS.
HALL’S
VESCTABLE SlttlMI
HAIR
_ ‘REITEWEB.
Every year increases the popu
larity of this valuable Hair Prep
aration, which is due to merit
alone. We can assure our old
patrons that it is kept folly up to
its high standard; and it is the on
ly reliable and perfected prepara
tion for restoring Gray or Faded
Hair to its youthful color, making
it soft, lustrous, and silken. The
scalp, by its use, becomes white and
clean. It removes all eruptions and
dandruff, and, by its tonic proper
ties, prevents the hair from falling
out, as it stimulates and nourishes
the hair-glands. By its use, the
hair grows thicker and stronger.
In baldness, it restores the capillary
glands to their normal vigor, and
will create a new growth, except in
extreme old age. It is the most
economical Hair-Dressing ever
used, as it requires fewer applica
tions, and gives the hair a splendid,
glossy appearance. A. A. Hayes,
M.D., State Assayer of Alassachu
6etts, says, “The constituents arc
pure, and carefully selected for ex
cellent quality; and I consider it
the Best Preparation for its
intended purposes.”
Sold by all DrxiggUU end Dealert in Medicine*.
Price One Dollar.
Buckingham’s Dye.
FOR THE WHISKERS.
As our Renewer in many cases
requires too long a time, and too
much care, to restore gray or faded
Whiskers, wo have prepared this
dye, in one preparation, which will
quickly and effectually accomplish
this result. It is easily applied,
and produces a color which will
neither rub nor wash off. Sold by
all Druggists. Price Fifty Cents.
Manufactured by R. P. HALL C0.|
NASHUA. N.H.
A up as 112, 1671— 1 jr.
The only Reliable (!i t Distribution in the country!
60,000.00
I TV YALUA11LE GIFTS!
To be Distributed in
L. 1>. SINE’S
152nd Regular Monthly
Gift I^nterpifse,
To be Drpirn Monday, November 27, 1871.
TWO GRAND CAPITALS OF
$5000 EACH IN GREENBACKS j
Two Prize* $1006— "j IN
Five Prizes 5<»oZ.
Teu Frizes 100* J GREENBACKS!
WHOLE NUMBER OF UA$n GIF I*, 1,000!
1 Horse and Buggy, with Silver mounted Har
ness, worth $600.
One Fine-toned Rosewood Piano, worth $'>00.
Ten Family Sew ing Machines, worth $100 each.
Five Heavy-cased Gold Hunting Watches, and
Leary Gobi Chains, worth $500 each.
Five Gold American Hunting Watches, worth
$125 each.
Ten Ladies’ Gold Hunting Watches, worth $100
each.
800 Gold and Silver Lever Hunting Watches (in
all) worth $20 to $500 each.
Ladies’Gold Leontine Chains, Gents’ Cold Vest
Chains, Silver-Plated Castors, Solid Silver and
double-plated Tabic and Teaspoons, Ivory-handled
Dinner Knives. Silver-plat >1 Dinner Foi It*, Silver
Vest Chains. Photograph Albums, Ladies’ Gold
Breastpins, Shirt Stud* and Sleeve Buttons, Fin
per-rings, Gold Pens (silver extension i, etc.
Whole no. Gilts, C,000, Tickets limited to 60.000.
AGENTS WANTED TO SELL TICKETS
To whom Liberal Premiums will be paid.
Single Tickets $1; Six Tickets$5; Twelve Tickets
$10; Twenty-five Tickets $20,
Circulars containing a full list of prizes, a de
scription of the manner of drawing, find other in
formation in reference to the Distribution, will be
sent’to any one ordering them. All letters must
be addressed to L. I). SINE, Ilox80,
Office 101 5th St. Cincinnati, Ohio.
October 7, 1871—7t.
1*7 1. J ail Tiad<‘. 1*7 1
HOWELL <f BRO., have now in store a choice
supply of FALL and WINTER GOODS, to
which they Invito the attention of their regular
customers and the trade generally. Close Co A
buyers are especially invited to examine our stock
of DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GRO
CERIES, ROOTS, SHOES. II MS, Ac.
Particular attention is called to our stock of For
eign and Domestic
CLOTHS AND CASI MERES.
Also, a full line of Satinets, Jeans, and other
goods suitable for Borsirear.
Country Produce of good quality taken in
in exchange for Goods.
Oct. 21,1871.
OPERA Flannels. Plain and Figured, Balmoral
Skirts, Heavy Shaker Flannel, Cotton Flan
nel*. Bleached and Brown Cotton, 4 4 Brow n and
Bleached Cotton, 10-4 Sheeting Brow n and Bleach
ed, for sale bv
Oct. 21, 1871. HOWELL A BRO.
(1 ENT’S Merino Fndershirt*. Ladies Vest, C.,r
T sets, Linen Collars and Cufls, I.ace C< .lars.
Linen and Hem Stiched Handkerchief*, Not
Ties and Bows, Ladies Hose, Gent’s ,’-i Pose, Silk
Velvet and Velveteen, Ribbon*, for sab; by
Oct 21, 1871. HOWELL A BRO.
I INSET’S.—6 4 Grey Fulled Linsev, 4-4 Plaid
j Linsey, Casaimers, Kersys and Yarn, (county
manufacture), for axle bv
Oct. 21, 1871. HOWELL <f BRO.
ATTAN Corn Hampers. Rattan Mats. Mi.kct
Basket*. Coal S .ire*. Hearth Brooms, Wa.*h
Boards, Wooden K .wls, a full tmentof Crock
ery and Glasa Ware, Tumbler*, Goblet?, Glass
Bow Is covered >.cd uncovered, tor sab- bv
OcL 21, 297L HOWELL A BRO.
15RESH Lf'cerics, Including Green and Toasted
Cof.ee, Brown, Crushed, Granulated and A
8uga s( Molasses ar.*l Kyrui*, Green and Black
Tc*, prime H. rriDg, Mackrel in bb!». bbl*. an>l
hjts, Cheese, Crackers and Spic for sale bv
Oft 21,187L HOWELL A BRO.
JUST received a stock of Lanin* and LampG'-xL
(very low) the “Atwood Burner" the m^rt
complete and perfect round Wick Burner yet mad-, I
adapt* ri to all Lamps, and produce* a light etjoa;
t» the German Study Lamp, also, the lLdlmc
Non-Explosive Attachment for Kerosene Lamp,
something new end desirable, for sale by
Oct. 21, 1801. HOWELL BRO.
NEW GOOI IS.
\\T E arc prepared to furr.irh >.r frier. and
>1 cut men with NEW, HAMDSOMK Si 14
RTAXTIAL. SEASONABLE and STVI.ISil
GOODS of ali kinds, kept in a f.rst-cla-* Store.
hitors Boots st is el IlstC«,
Made a speciality. Tall one and all, and exam- j
iae our Stock. We Sell Good* 1'hmfj for CASH.
Oct. XI, 1&71, TRUSSELL A LUCAS.
(1LOTH <f CAS8IMERR.—We bar- on h ind a
j very 1.ai.drome line of there gjods, call and
examine them,
Oct. 21,1871. TRUSSELL A LUCAS.
HATS.—Onr stock embraces all the I'a.-hiona
ble styles in the market—call at No. 24 and
purchase vour HaU,
Oct. 21,1071. WRCSSELL LUCAS.
])EAB and Uog Skin Cl ths, Black and Gold
Mixed Ri [iellar.tr for Lacies Circulars and
CL>aks. for sale by
Oct. 21, 1871. TRUSSELL A LUCAS I
F:
J Wassaw. f»t>i*i«> I* Mc!a«»*i* A I«r«ei--,
I,-* IfkiaHl t *11 cWo, r»! «i 4 >4 U«**nl X'™'. V. I.
MILLIONS Itrn r Testimony to Ihelr
I Wonderful C'nrnttvf Wfri*.
They r.re not aiik Fancy PlThk, Made. f Fnnp
Until. WhUhcr, Prnof Sp!r!l4 Let! Kofnu.>
Liquors (lorfncpil. •"iwl ami aaewtenerltnplrt film
tietr.rnlleil "Tonic*," "Aiiiwl.trn.” Bt-rt.inta ‘Ac.,
that lead the tin ier on locirunkai.ncwiamirHlM.bot me
atrua Jfcdlcine.ntedc fretu the Value llr-da an t Jf—rt
of California, fror from nil Alcoholic Nimi
Inula. They ire the 44 MEAT BI.4IOB IMItl
FIEltanJ A LIFE fllVISfd PitI Nil r I. Fa
I'cifcct .'ia'.nrnn r ami I iig"t .t»r of the Sy.tnu.
can yittgoff ailpoitonon»i-.alter anil restoring lhr'>lot«l
to .A healthy rmidicon. ho t>er»'M can t*k«i Ihe-e Hit
ter* ao>.otf'i,-K to dirm.ona am) remain Inn* unwell,
provided li.etr Lvnoe ara not destroyed hy mineral
poteotior other mean*, atul the v'.t..l or-aru vs-d-d
I beyond the point of repair.
They r.rc n tlralle I’oi-giulte na well us a
Tonic, ;awcaala*. win. the i-ecuiiar inenl of «t»;
oe a i own ful agent ittiel at it g Congestion oe Ihlitm
ir.ation of the Liver. ami rll the Viaeeral Organs
FOU FEMALE C’OWPLAINTH, i-tymiiigor
ol i. tnarriol or •ingle, at llMidtwuof womanhood oral
the tnm or life. toc*e Tonic l lllere hate no c*|ual.
Far Inaamtaatorjr t.ti 1 4 hronir Ithrnniu
I laui r.ud 41*41, l)j ape pain or liedlgretlon.
Billon*, Remittent nu4 Intermittent Fe
vers, liiaeuarn cl the lllood. Liter, Kid
neys nnd Bladder, three Bitter* ha*e bneo ti nt
ii .vnoful Snrh Disrawe* areran—d l»y Vitiated
lllood, which I.,generally piuluu d hy delungcarm
of tie IMueatlto Oryuna.
m»rKP*iA 4iit lNPiursriox, n *d
aelia. Pile in the Shoulder*. C.mgh*. Tightne** af tha
Chet. Diti.u-**, S--ur Eructations of the Sbiuiaeii,
Rad Taite In tha Mouth. Sllloua Attack*, raiai'altou ol
tho Heart, ti iMalutloa of (ha Lang*. Pun tu the re
gion* of tha Rhlnc-sanda hundred otltar painful eytup
terns ar» the ofl»ptin(> (f Dopeptia.
They Int isorate tha Sn niarh aud stimulate tha torpid
Liver and B-iwelt. which render (horn cf uneqnall -I
eDieao in cleanvlog the Id -ol of all Impurities, and Im
parting new Ufa ami tigor tc the whola ayatrui.
FOR MilS DlhF.ABKK. Eruption.. Tetter. Pall
r.h.um. E lutein*. ti. !hni|d'.«. I'uatulr—. Ilnlla, Car
b*in-;le». Ring W-irms S«»M Hea t. Bore fir -a, Bry-lpr
lav Itrh.Smti*. Liiaoloialhin* of the Skin. II amort an!
)Martsev of the him. rf w star** r-ama r; urr
liter*lit dn; up a- d earned o it of the ariteiu i» eh rt
tltn# byth* uae.l th—o liitt-rw. f*-» b-i"l» 1n e'l li
rase* will rouvuiei the iujjI incrc niloua of .i 1: curt
titytflrc'e.
Clt-anaa-he Vniai~l Ctood wtietKr.r --ti find It* l:u
purities bunting through ilia skla In Pimple*. Erup
tion* or Sores i cleanse It al-. i you f.nd it obstructed
end sluggish In tho vatue: cl«an»e it w hen It la foul,
and your feslluga will tell you hh-.u. Ra.p the Id-ml
purr, and the hivi .it of the -ritam will follow,
riti. Tape, and oilier \V«rm«. lurking In the
system of no many thouaaodt. art affe-tually daatrotnl
and rerouted. Saya a dMItircMled phretoiorAt,
there l» scarcely an Imilyidua! npou th» tv- .-f the
(ortli wli.uw 1-oity I* ag mpt farm the tre>«i- of
worn*. It i« not upon tli- healthy MvtwiU of th«
L*ly that womu e*l«t. l ut mam (k* di«u.»* f h-im r.
anJ tinny depoaita that l r*.«l lh«M llilne motuitu* of
diaaaaa. So Syetan of Mnlicln*. no v»emlfu ra*. ro
authelmlntira trill (re. (he ayatem f.-uui wwi'ina l‘k*
theca Illttara.
J. WALKPIl. Proprietor. R. 11. Me DONALD A CO..
Pruggiata and <>*n Agrnla. Sun Pran. I'alifnrnla.
and Stand >4 Comaiorae Mn-ol. Si w Vurk.
WS0U1 JJY ALL LRUUUJ3T8 AND DgALLRA
iUv 41, 1871 Iv.
Ayers Cathartic Pills,
For all tho purpose* of a Laxative
Ifedioine.
’’■•'ilpsnnonotii edi
ts so universally
ired by event
as a eathnrtfc,
viu ever nny be
so universally
lot bit" use, in
i country mol
it all rlas-e*. as
mill buli llii u nl
alive fill. Tho
mis reason Is,
it Is a more ielia
md far tniMv ef
fectual remedy than any other. Those who hare
tried it, know that it cured them: those who have
not. know that it cures theirneiglibor* and mends;
and all know that what it does once it*doos al
ways—that it never fails through any tUultornrg
gieet of its composition. We hare U>ou-ands upon
thousands of certificates of their remarkable cm n
of the following complaints, but swell cun-- are
known in every neighborhood, and we need not
publish them. Adapted to all ages and conditirtus
In all climates; continuing neither calomel nor any
deleterious drug, they may lie taken with safety
by anybody. Their sugar-coating preserves them
ever fresh, and makes them pleasant to take, w hllo
being purely vegetable, no harm can arise from
their use in any quantity.
They operate by their powerful influence on tho
internal viscera to purify the blood and stimulate
it into healthy action—remove the obstruction*
of the stomach, bowels, liver, mid other organ* of
the body, restoring their irregular action to health,
and by'correcting, wherever they exist, such de
rangements as are tho first origin of disease.
Minute directions are given in the wrapper on
the box, for the following complaints, Which the»u
J'fffs rapidly cure:
For ■•yapirpslu or Indigestion. Llsllrs*
ness. Lsniruor and of tpi»elilr, they
should he taken moderately to stimulate the stom
ach, and restore its healthy tmip and action.
For Liver Complaint and its various symp
toms, Illlloiis lleuduclir. Mirk IIrissl
utbe. Jaundice or trmi Mlrknrss, lltl
lout folic and IBiliwus fetors,they should
In: judiciously taken for each ca->e, to correct tho
diseased action or remove the obstruction* winch
cause it.
For Dysentery or DJjrrhflrw, but or.o
mild dose is generally reonired.
For llheanttfllsiu, Lout, S. rut el. Pal
pi lull on of she Ifeurl. l*oln In (>t«t
Mille. Murk and Loins. they should I*- eonlin-
uously taken, as required, to nuug, the diseased
action of the system, With such change tic,-a
complaints disapi>ear.
F'or Dropsy and Dropslrnl Iwflllsc*
they should Tie taken in burg* trad frtqueut doses
to produce the effect of a drastic purge.
For ^oppression a large dose should bo
taken as it producer the desired effect by sym
pathy.
As ft Dinner riH. take one or two Tiffs to
pronioto digestion and relieve the etu*n«cti.
An occasional doaj stimiilares liiC stomach and
bowels into healthy action, restore- live appetite,
tmd invigorates tho system. Hence it is often ad
vantageous where no serious derangement oxi-t*.
One who feels toleraldv well, ofem find* that
dose ot these Tiffs make* him teel dcid-dly bel
tor, from their clean-mg ami renovating effect ou
the digestive apparatus. m
2>r. J. C. A YE ft A CO., I'rtuiifnl Ckrmitli,
LOWELL. MAH*., V. H. A.
1>AKKit'S CHOCOLATE, b.,| In use, f»r saU
3 l**w by K. KIO.V LL’C'A
I'MI'ltOVEIi doliUe ihon l I’ldojli*, f«r sale by
May fi, 187L dAS. LAW. IIOUFF.
(CHAMBERS’celebrated Virginia Bitter*, sure
v cure for Dv»pep»ia, andth* best Tonic Rit
ters extant. (i. W. CHAMBERS.
Harper’* Ferry, Anfr. T9, 1871.
1 )CItK Cider Vinegar, ttr year* old, Kob’t.
I Duke’s make, sharp a* a razor, at
CHAMBERS*
Harper’* Ferry, Aprf* 52,1<»71.
\tEWARK ttawfifnc Cider, aparkting and
x> bright at CHAMBERS’*
V VIS WHISKY, the pure**. *nd in fact the
crrrfr cop pet dt-tobU tlbirk' tu lU--o-uotr,
it CHAMBERS.
tLACCTTV X X l*<-;ter and Air it,
b-'ttle*. put up exprewily fur fan.llv n#a. at
Harper’* 1 \.rry, Awg. 'An. I'llAiilltitii
M.\T1 MAX'S ImpreT’ d linast Hai This
I'utnp i- unii|ueand unlike auv other in llos
mat let. It w ill note •mprrs»tli>* it.ilk dm U. »h
is the ca^e i>f so much pain and raflerlrg In «»t l*s-r
breast pump*. It procure# a painless 9 >n I milk
and is a preventive ol sore ripple* and broken
breast*, for sale bv
Sept 3, 1871. 0. E. SELLER.
rpllK Ah saedra Feeding Rotile. This bottle
L L.iu advantage over all other* in thape, it
is a flat and upright bottle eombin d, can be emp
tied to the last a ‘>p and it* peculiar formation pre*
tlud the possibility of U-akagein any position it
war be placed, for rale by
Kept. 3, 1x71. C. E. BELI.KR.
^CHOOL Rook* lob'acing aii tl.at U #s7.! Tn
it **nr public school*. A Do, a largo itock of
Letter, Cap and Not* Paper, K of elope* of ail
(tries and sizes. I’ens, Holder*, l.ead l’i ne»D, Slate*
Black, Blue, Violet and Kvd lake (or talc bv.
C. E. SELLER.
Harper’* Ferry, Sept. 9, 1-.71.
\ITKcall attention to i ur -i .ek uf Smoking
Tl Tobacco’*, Fii*l“ of Virgitiia, Dm ham an**
other popular brands. Also, gii unrivaled Cigar
for 5 cent*.
Sept. W, 1471. W. S. MASOJ.