1
A. McGSEGOR, Editor.
l'HTJRSDAY::::::::::::::;:::::::OCTOBER 12.
THE ELECTION IN STARK COUNTY.
At this writing we cannot give the de
tails of the result of the election in this
county on Tuesday... The general result
in the county may be put down as fel
lows, though the official count may vary
it somewhat.
The Republican State ticken has about
200 majority.
Frease, Republican, for Judge Court
Common Fleas has about the same major
ity over Wallace, Democrat
Wales, Republican, for Senator over
Lamborn, Democrat; and Allen, Repub
lican, for County Treasurer over Fesaler,
Democrat, have each about 275 majority
Bowman, Republican: for Legislature
has about 200, and Johnson, Republican,
har about 150 majority over Wilson and
Baird, Democrats.
Lee, Republican, for Auditor has ataut
150 majority over Sourbeck Page for
Clerk beats McGregor about 200..
Lynch, Democrat, is elected over Mc
Kinley for for Prosecuting Attorney by
near 150 majority.
Baxter, Democrat, for Sheriff has a ma
jority over Enes Raff of 35 votes."
The balance of the Republican ticket
is elected by majorities ranging from
one to two hundred.
The contest throughout was vigorous
and well contested and we had hoped for a
more favorable result After election we
never whine nor repine, but we may
say that our opponents saw their danger
in the county and labored like beavers
and spent money in everjr direction, spa
ring no effort, and in this way saved their
bacon in the county "by the skin of their
teeth." The closeness of the result shows
to every Democrat in the county the im
portance of getting out every vote, and
also should teach some of our friends the
folly of scratching a single name on a
Democratic ticket. A more complete and
thorough turn out of our Democratic
friends in some localities in the county
and less scratching in Canton and one
or two other places would have given a
different result. Let one and all re
membsr these points and stand prepared
to pick our flints and try again. "Eter
nal vigillance is the price of liberty."
CANTON ELECTION,
The election on Tuesday in our city and
township passed off civilly but with more
than usual activity on both sides. Car
riages were running for both sides all day.
There was considerable scratching all
round with various result. Many men of
many minds many whims of many kinds.
In the township'.including city, the vote
on Governor was:
MoCook, DemocrV.. ...1028
Noyss, RspubUoa, dOBO
The rest of the State ticket and district
candidates and on Representatives the
vote was about the same. On the candi
dates for county offices the majorities
range about as follows
Rep., orr Sourbsek:,....
McGregor, Dam., over Pag.
Raff. Kep OTr Bxter
178
l
31
6S
Allen. Rep oer Feler.
Lynota, Dem, oyer McKinley-
The remaining candidates for county
offices ran about with the State tickets.
THE GREAT CAEAMITT
Of the age is the horrible fire at Chicago.
We give pretty full details in this paper.
Knowing Chicago as we do the devasta
tion of the devouring element is past com
prehension. Some 200 acres are burned
over and more than 15,000 houses destroy
ed. The great fire in London that occur
red in 1666 consumed 13,000 houses be
sides churches and many public buildings,
but it burned slowly compared with Chi
cago. A great portion of Chicago is com
posed of in flam able material and erected
in a way to burn readily and of course the
wooden baloon structures were generally
placed close together or contiguous.
We are glad ts see the promptitude
with which succor has been sent from all
the large cities and many smaller towns.
It was much needed and came not too
soon. The soldiers ordered there to pre
serve order and protect property will be
found useful and the military tents and
rations of provisions were opportune.
J
"Of all who so generously contributed
to the aid of the Chicago sufferers none
showed more genuine good sense than
JJalstead of the Cincinnati Commercial.
Hardly had the splendid building of the
Chicago Tribune yielded to its fate than
the autocrat of the Commercial was load
ing a car with fonts of distribuated type
for the use of the new and temporary es
tablishment froJB which the Tribune will
shortly be again issued. The publisher of
the Tribune was in New York at the
breaking out of the fire, and, hurrying
homeward, learned at Rochester of the
disaster to his establishment. 'Within an
hour he had purchased a new cylinder
press, and had it in process of shipment
or Chicago. Then, returning to New
York, he has sent forward new supplies of
type and material, so that within a day or
two at farthest the (Treat daily of the
northwest will again have its head above
the ashes and debris which have envelop
ed it. A great newspaper in a country
like this is a thing that fire and flood can
not destroy.
The Chicago Times is also to he re-is
sued at once. A temporary frame build'
ing is being erected and presses and type
are already bought for the Times. The
Chicago Times has long been one of the
most magnifficent papers in the country.
Th number of Chinese in the San
Francisco shoe trade, the Bulletin says,
has ioubled within the year. It adds the
following statistics
Thev about entirely monopolize the
slipper business. They have 15 slipper
factories, employing total of over 200
men. The Chinese shoe factories number
about six, employing 240 men. The esti
mate, of course, does not include those
employed, by white manufacturers. The
Chinese have injured the white manufac
turers, inasmuch, as they have taken all
the second-class work from them. They
are also driving all the second-class east-
era work out of the market. It is also
said that they are now going into first
class work, too. Half a dozen of the old
ones have failed during the year. The
Chinese operatives receive from $2 50 to
$7 50 per week, the former wages being
paid to beginners.
There are four candidates for Governor
of Massachusetts, in the field, as follows
Adams, Democrat Washburne, Republi
can Pittman, Prohibition and Cham
berlain, Lbor Reformer. Both the last
named candidates also "represent the wo
man's suffrage idea.
The "importance of vote" is exhibited
in the late California election, where the
Democratic Assemblyman in Tnlane
county was elected by two of a majority,
and the Democratic Senator in Santa
Cruz district by nine.
The Beston Post comes out in favor of
General Hancock for President, and Grati
Brown, for Vice president next year, on
i.he Democratic ticket
Pbiob to the meeting of the Democratic
State Convention of New -York, at
Rochester, the Radical papers insisted
that Tammany would control the ergani
zation and prevent an expression of opin
ion, as had been the case at the Syracuse
Republican Convention, which was ma
nipulated by Tom Murphy, the giver of
gifts to Grant. But Rochester spoke
boldly and clearly as the Democracy al
ways does, and rebuked wrong doers in
the following emphatic tones
Resolved, That we view with indigna
tion the eorruption ana extravagance re
cently brought to light in the management
of the municipal affairs of the city of New
York, and denounce as unworthy of our
countenance or toleration all who are re
sponsible therefor, and we pledge our best
efforts to prevent a repetition of such
abuses and will look with satisfaction
upon the punishment of all upon whom
guilt can be fixed. We appeal to the
record, and to the facts, to prove that the
deplorable condition of affairs existing in
New York was inaugurated and fastened
upon the city by a system of government
inaugurated by the Republican party, and
continued by them through many years,
under which growth of extravagance,
speculation and fraud was inevitable,
and we demand, on the part of our next
Legislature, such further reforms in the
city charter as shall eradicate the legisla
tion through which such frauds were pos
sible and to secure among other things,
1st. The early opportunity for the people
of the city to choose new municipal of
ficers. 2d, On the part of the Mayor a
more complete control, and consequently
more complete responsibility for the sub
ordinate departments and admidistrotion.
3d. The liability of the Mayor of New
York, with all the Mayors of cities, to be
removed by the Governor in the same
manner as sheriffs of counties are now re
moved upon proof before him of malfeas
ance in effice or neglect of duty. 4th.
ejections in me spring oi tne year, so as
to place in the hands of the people the
power to make a complete change in the
city government 5th. Publicity of ac
counts at all times, and facilities to tax
payers to restrain and punish abuses, and
to secure the speedy trial of offenders in
independent courts.
Hesolved, IS at experience has shown
the necessity of restraining, by Constitu
tional enactment the power of towns,
counties, municipalities, to create debt
and tax the property of citizens.
Jiesoivea. Ibat while ready and deter
mined to purge local administration and
abuse, we must not lose sight of the duty
of confessed all prevailing corruption in
the Federal Government, in Congress, and
in the Executive, in consummating their
scheme of centralization, openly disre
garding their constitutional obligations,
and tampering with the Judiciary, and
manipulating the systems of expenditure,
debt and paper money, so as to demoral
ize public sentiment and corrupt social
and business life, as well as nearly all the
channels of political administration, and
the profligacies in the Custom House, the
Internal Revenue bonds and the army and
navy, and in the highest walks official
as well as municipal, are the ripe fruits of
the system, and we call the attention of
the people to this fact, and that this cor
rupt power triumphed in and controlled
the Republican Convention at Syracuse.
A PROBLEM SOLVED.
A problem which had for a long time
baffled all attempts at solution, is thus
stated in a Washington letter
It has long been a mystery as to how it
was that Seneca stone was being used al
most exclusively in the public works, and
this mystery was never lessened at read
ing the published proposals of Quartermaster-General
Meigs, for work in our
national cemeteries, wherein it was ex
pressly stated that no other stone than
Seneca would be allowed in doing the
work therein called for. All over Wash
ington, wherever public improvements are
being made, no other building material,
for pavements, walls, foundations, flag
ging, So., than that taken from the Sen
eca quarries is allowed to be used. It is
carried even as far South as Richmond to
fence in the national cemetery in that lo
cality, while three solid miles of it keep
watch and ward around Arlington."
At last a solution of the problem has
been reached. The stockholders of the
Seneca quarries have been unearthed, and
here is a list of some of the principle ones:
TBS STOCKHOLDERS.
President Ulysses S. Grant. $25,000.
General F. T. Dent, brother-in-law and
assistant private secretary to the Presi
dent, $10,000. (For some unknown rea
son the General has been trying to dispose
oi nis sioca ior tne last two weens.j
General M. C. Meigs, Quartermaster
General, $9,000
General Nathan Meichler, ex-Commissioner
of Public Buildings and Grounds,
$10,000.
General O. E. Babcock, the present
commissioner, who was appointed last
June, had $10,000 worth of this stock
standing in his own name up to the day
he went into office, but he has disposed of
it in some way.
Henry D. Cooke, Governor of the Dis
trict of Columbia, has $240,000 worth of
this stock, and it is claimed that he gave
General Dent the stock which stands in
the latter' s name.
Postmaster-General B. W. Brice, $14,
000. (It is said that Brice has sold out.)
Surgeon-General Joseph K. Barnes,
$11,000.
John W. Forney, $8,000.
Gen. Amos B. Eaton, Commissary Gen
eral of Subsistence, $4,000.
After reading this list it is not difficult
to understand why, notwithstanding the
protest of such men as Architect Mullet,
the Seneca stene is now used, to the exclu
sion of any other material, in and around
the public buildings, while miles of streets
are paved with it in Washington. A por
tion of the superstructure of the new
State Department is being built of Seneca
stone, in positive violation, it is believed,
of the contract and the law. The profits
of this company, which were formerly only
nominal, are now reported to be enormous.
TEYAS ELECTION.
Democratic Majority Over 30,000—Unbroken
Congressional
Delegation.
AUSTIN TEXAS. Oct. 8, 1871.
Later returns indidate a Democratic
majority of over thirty thousand.
To the Associated Press:
GALVESTON, Oct. 8, 1871.
In the Congressional election there is a
Democratic net gain over the vote of 1869
of 1,829. As far as heard from, the Dem
ocratic majorities are as follews
First District, five counties, 235; sec
ond District, two counties, 600, Third
District, five counties, 2,436 Fourth Dis
tnot, iwelvt counties, 2,846, indicating
the election of the entire Democratis del
egation to Congress.
NEW YORK CONVENTION.
The Rochester Convention, after devot
ing some time on Tuesday of last week to
kicking and hammering at the Tammany
corruptionists, and cutting the party clear
of all responsibility for a connection with
that institution, nominated the following
ticket:
Secretary of State. Diedrich Willers,
the present Deputy Secretary.
Controller. Asher P. Nichols, renomi
nated. Treasurer. Wheeler H. Bristol, renom
inated. Attorney General Marshal P. Cham
plain, renominated.
State Engineer. Van R. Richmond, re
nominated. Canal Commissioner. George W. Chap
man, renominated.
Male Prison Inspector. David B. Mc
Neil, renominated.
Not one of the candidates named above
is from New York city.
The oldest resident Republicans of Vir
ginia, are making every effort to exclude
"carpet-baggers" from influence in the
primary meetings, and will carry the bat
tle into the Convention. It is claimed
that the negroes will also engage in the
opposition to the "carpet-baggers," and
make "Virginia for the Virginians" their
battle cry.
CHICAGO ITEMS.
General Sheridan has command of the
military and police, and order is being es
tablished.
Many deaths have resulted from expo
sure, and quite a number from suicide
drowning in the river or lake and by
other means. In many of the cases the
suicides had lost property and families.
The city is overstocked with provisions.
Money and clothing are needed. Govern
or Palmer, of Illinois, sent five thousand
dollars, and has called a special session of
the Legizlature.
The city council has fixed the price of
bread at 8 cents per twelve ounce loaf
The Cook County National Bank re
sumed business on the 11th. Others are
also getting ready for business. Safes are
found generally unharmed.
The Evening Journal issued a half
sheet Monday evening. The Post re
sumed Tuesday, also the Tribune and
Times. Already the debris is being
cleared away, and contracts entered into
to build blocks.
The loss by railway companies is small.
Two depots only were burned the Illi
nois Central and the Michigan Southern
At the Morgue on Chicago Avenue, 60
dead bodies had been deposited up to the
11th. Among them those of Dr. Max
Meyers and H. J. Ullman, the banker,
both burned to death. The latter left his
house Sunday night to go to his bank,
and was caught in the flames.
The bar and judges held a meeting on
the 12th, to see about restoring the legal
papers burned.
The three immense pumping engines of
the water-works are considerably injured
by the fire and falling of the roof, but one
will soon be got in working order.
A careful estimate of the number of
people rendered homeless, based upon the
recent census, puts the total at not less
than 110,000, distributed as follows
In the North Division, 85,000, or all
but 5,000 of the entire population, ac
cording to the recent city census.
In the South Division, 20,000.
In the West Division, 5000.
Thousands of these unfortunates are,
however, leaving the city on every trair.
The railroads carry all free who desire to
go. The churches and school houses are
still crowded to repletion with refugees
from the burnt district, for whose care
every effort is being made by efficient com
mittees of citizens, aided by relief com
mittees from other cities.
The supply of food is now abundant,
thanks to the munificent generosity of
the entire country, and supplies of bed
ding and clothing, which are now most
needed, are coming in from all quarters.
Hundreds of visitors are constantly ar
riving from nearly every city and town in
the country, many looking after friends
who were residents or visitors here, and
others actuated by curiosity. The streets
of the burnt district are fairly crowded
to-day with a curious throng of citizens
and strangers, most of them on foot, but
the wider thoroughfares on the South
Side are comparatively free of obstruc
tions and many vehicles are traversing
them.
The total loss in grain is one million
six hundred thousand dollars.
The two eight-cylinder presses of the
Tribune are all right and will be ready
for use as soon as steam can be attached.
The Royal Insurance Company of Liv
erpool loses $133,000, the Imperial of Liv
erpool. $909,000. the North British of
Liverpool, $2,800,000. Good authority
foots up the entire losses of the Liverpool
and London Insurance Companies at $4,'
500.000. The Mtna., of Hartford, and
Home, of New York, have each $6,000,-
000 on the city, about $4,000,000 of which
are in the burnt district. Hartford com
pames have $18,000 in all, every cent of
which will be paid. The Phoenix, of
Hartford, has $700,000, all good. All of
Cleveland companies are broken. The
Commercial and Mutual, of Cleveland,
lose $300,000, their entire capital stock
holders have subscribed $200,000, and will
commence anew. The Pacific and Occi
dental Company lose their entire assets,
The President of the International tele
graphs he will be here in thirty-six hours'.
It proposed to pay all the losses, amount-
ing to $SUU,UW. ine iraaesmen, oi jxew
York, loses only $15,000, which is already
paid. Field, Liters fe Co's., store, owned
by Potter Palmer, was insured in Eng
lish Companies for two thirds of its value.
Field, Liters and Co., had $3,100,000 in
surance on their stock. J.V. Farwell ,$1,
000,000; Hamlin, Hale Co., $S00,000
the New Pacific Hotel Co., $150,000 on
the building, all of which was held by
creditors as collateral. All the Chicago
companies are bankrupted by the fire.
some of 'the Republican newspapers
are getting impatient under the recent ex
hibition of Ring management. The Hart
ford Evening Post says "The game for
the renomination of President Grant is
played with a high hand by the office
holders in several States. It was in this
interest that. Senator Conkling, at the Sy
racuse Republican Convention, opposed
the far adjustment that had been agreed
upon in the New York city difficulty, and
insisted on such a course as' would drive
the Greeley men from the Convention.
The object of this factious and tyrannous
proceeding seems to have been to secure the
State Committee in the hands of the Tom
Murphy men, who will manage" their
next State Convention so as to send Grant
delegates to to the National Convention."
HAMILTON COUNTY.
The good news from Hamilton county,
(Cincinnati,) may give the Democracy the
General Assembly, in both branches. The
Enquirer of to-day claims two of the
three State Senators Democratic, and five
of the ten Representatives, with a good
share of the county officers. It may take
the official figures to determine, but it is
conceded that the Democracy of Hamilton
crain a substantial victory. If we lose a
member of the House in Wayne county,
that body may stand a tie.
Not satisfied with being allowed to re
main in their office, Collector Casey and
Marshal Packard, of New Orleans, now
ask the National Republican Committee
to recognize them as the Republican lead
ers in Louisiana. Such an act would cer
tainly give the State to the Democrats.
So says the Nev York Post.
Since May, 1869, the Government of the
United States has paid premiums amount
ing to more than twenty-seven and a half
million dollars, on 5-20 bonds, or nearly
twelve millions a year. So much for wise
Radical financiering. According to John
Sherman's celebrated Mann letter, this is
'extortion and repudiation."
The New York World shows that it is
Democrats who are leading in the prose
cution of the Tammany thieves and but
for them nothing could be done. Why
don't Republicans prosecute the Federal
thieves Once in a long while they pick
out one of a thousand, prosecute, convict,
and then pardon him
HAMILTON COUNTY. DOOMED CHICAGO
PARTICULARS OF THE
CHICAGO FIRE.
THE CITY RUINED.
OVER ONE HALF OF THE CITY
IN FLAMES
All the Passenger Depots
Gone.
Gone. The Sherman House, Court House,
Chamber of Commerce and
W. U. Telegraph Building
W. U. Telegraph Building Burned
THE PEOPLE HELPLESS!
The Mayor Asking for
Food.
All the Banks and Every
Newspaper Office
Destroyed.
Destroyed. Horror on Horror
THE TREMONT HOUSE, CROSBY OPERA
HOUSE, POST OFFICE AND
MECHANICS' INSURANCE CO.
BUILDINGS GONE.
How the Conflagration Originated
A KEROSENE LAMP THE CAUSE.
Air Filled with Live Coals
Late and More Startling News.
BLOCKS OF BUILDINGS MELT AWAY
The Conflagration Breaks Out Anew.
West Side Now Burning.
NOBLE RESPONSE TO THE CALL
FOR AID.
The Wooden Pavements on Fire—Five
The Wooden Pavements on Fire—Five Hundred Lives Sacrificed Flight
From the Flames—Hundreds Trampled
Under Foot—The Loss of Property
Under Foot—The Loss of Property $300,000,000 The Insurance
About $200,000,000 Incendiaries
Shot and Hung.
Chicago, October 8, 12:40 A. M.
The most terrible conflagration that ever
occurred within this city, broke out about
an hour and a half ago. and having al
ready swept over six entire blocks, is still
raging with unabated fury. The fire
started in a large planing mill, situated
Deiween canton and canal and van nu-
ren and Jackson streets, in about the cen
tre of a block formed by these streets.
The wind was blowing very fresh, and the
names spread with almost incredible rap
idity, and in a few minutes the entire
structure was a mass of fire. The imme
diate vicinity is built up mainly with
small wooden tenement houses and two
story frame dwellings, occupied as gro
ceries, saloons, etc. The inmates of many
ot these nouses, startled Irom their slum
ber, had barely time to rush from their
nouses in the scanty attire of the night.
In several instances children were hastily
wrapped in blankets and quilts, to
break the force of their fall, and
thrown from second story windows to the
ground.
When the alarm sounded lor this fire,
another fire of considerable magnitude
was burning on Wells street, near Adams,
and several engines were necessarily kept
at work upon this tire, Ihe rest ol the en
gines were soon on the ground, but before
they arrived the fire had spread over so
large an area, and was so rapidly spread
ing, that their efforts seemed of little
avail. .Between Canal and the river,
were several lumber yards, which are en
tirely destroyed. At this hour the fire
had made a clean sweep from V an Buren
street north two blocks to Adams, and
west to Clinton, three blocks from the
river. The wharves between Van Buren
and Jackson streets are burning, and the
wood work of the western approach to
Adams street bridge is destroyed. A
large coal yard, containing thousands of
tons o; sott coal, and situated between the
tracks of the Chicago Alton and Pitts
burgh, rort Wayne Chicago railroad
tracks and the river is on fire and burning
furiously- The immense grain elevator
of Vincent, Nelson Co., one of the finest
in the city, is immediately adjoining, and,
though intended to be fire proof, there
seems to be little doubt but that it will be
destroyed, as the intense heat to which it
is subjected will crack the slate with which
it is covered both on the roof and sides.
It contains many thousands of bushels of
frain of all kinds. The depot of the
'ittsburgh, Fort Wayne Chicago, and
Chicago, Alton St. Louis railroads, sit
uated north of Adams street, and be
tweetr canal street and the river one
of the buildings being a light wooden
structure occupied as an express office
was in flames at midnight, and is undeubt
edly destroyed.
The scenes in the vicinity of the con
flagration are indescribable. Halt of the
population of the city seemed gathered
there, ihe tugs of the river are engaged
in towing to places of safety the vessels
moored m the neighborhood, while loco
motives are hastily pulling out the great
number of cars standing on the track in
the patn of the flames. At this writing
it is impossible to give an estimate ol the
losses, but thev are already very large,
and the fire appears scarcely checked. So
far as could be ascertained, when the re
porter left the scene of the fire, no lives
are known to be lost, let it will be mi
raculous should such prove to be the case
LATER—1:30 A. M.
The fire is aPDarentlv raeine as fiercely
as ever. The block of buildings on the
north side of Van Buren street, which it
was thought on hour ago would be saved,
are now wrapped in flames. The elevator
is safe so far, and the fire seems to be
spreading south and west, notwithstand'
ing the wind is now directly from the
south, and blowing hard. The glare of
the burning buildings lights the streets
half a mile away, so that one may see to
read. The entire fire department is now
on the ground and making almost super'
human efforts to stay the flames.
The loss has probably already run into
millions, and the end is not yet.
LATER—1:30 A. M. LATER.
Chicago, October 8. About one o'clock
this morning, shortly after sending the
last dispatch, detailing the progress of the
fire in the Western Division, the flames
were arrested and under the complete con
trol of the fire department, and I am now
enabled to give a more intelligent account
and greatly modified estimate of their de
vastating effects. The space burned over
embraces four blocks, bounded on the
north by Adams street, on the west by
Clinton street, on the south by Van Bu
ren street, and on the east by the Chicago
river. Some four or five buildings within
the limits named remain uninjured.
Among them is Vincent, Nelson fe Co.'s
grain warehouse, one of the largest in the
city, which escaped any serious damage.
This is owing to the fact that piles of an
thracite coal lay between the burning
buildings and the elevator, and, by the
continual application of large quantities
of water on the coal piles, they were pre
vented from burning. The grounds
burned over were covered with lumber
yards, coal yards, wood yards, a planing
mill, box factory, vinegar factory, etc.,
and a large number of dwellings and
saloons of the poorer class. A close esti
mate of the entire loss places it at from
two hundred and fifty to three hundred
thousand dollars, with probably one-half
of that insurance. The fire had its origin
in Lull Holmes' planing mill on Canal
street, near Van Buren, and as the wind
was fresh from the south the flame spread
north with great rapidity, and thence
east, and within the space of half an hour
the whole district named was all ablaze,
and by about one o'clock, or within two
hours after the fire commenced the work
was ended.
The following are the leading sufferers
by the fire on Canal street: As stated, the
fire originated in Lull Holmes' planing
mill, loss $12,000. In the rear was a mill
and a box factory, loss $3,000; insured
for one-half. Next following was the Ex
celsior Vinegar Works, belonging to J.
vveigie, loss $iz,vw. rexi came the
Prairie House, the loss of which was
small then followed the Union wagon
works; loss $17,000, insurance, $5,000.
John Shaads Sons lumber loss $05,000
insurance $35,000. Chapman Foes'
shingle factory loss $50,000, insurance
12,500. B. Holbrook's coal yard; loss
$36,000, insurance $2b,000. Wilmington
Coal company; loss $30,000, insurance
$20,000. Blacksmith shop of the Pitts
burgh, Fort Wayne Chicago Eailroad
Company; loss $4,000. On Clinton
street, with a single exception, the build
ines destroyed were of the noorr rlno
owned by Holts, Lander Randall, Hon!
B. C. Farwell and A. Watson. The most
serious loss on this street was that of
Boltzer Co.. wagon makers, who suffer
about $8,000, with only a light insurance.
On Jackson street ten houses were de
stroyed, owned by Alanson Watson, and
occupied by eight families, who lost all
they had. The balance of the losses on
this street embraced dwelling houses and
shops, numbering from fifty-one to sixty-
Bcveu. xue unai iiws uu luia street will
not probably exceed twenty thousand dol
lars, with not one-quarter of that insured.
On Van Buren street only three or four
buildings were burned, of small value.
The iron viaduct leading to the Adams
street bridge was damaged to the extent
of $1,000, and the tracks of the Pittsburg,
Fort Wayne A Chicago, and Chicago, Al
ton St. Louis railroads, which run right
through the burnt district, were damaged
f robably to the extent of two or three
housand dollars.
The saddest result of this lire was the
burning to death of Mrs. liargaret Had
ley, living oa the north side of Jackson
street, who being surrounded by the
flames, was unable to escape. Her re
mains were burned to a cinder and were
found '.his morning in the place where she
was ia9t seen, in her home. It is impos
sible tc learn to-night, the exact amount
of insurance and ali the names of the com
panies that are victims. The entire in
surance will probably fall below $150,000,
probably two-thirds of the amount in
Chicago offices. Among the outaide com
panies which suffer are the Teutonia and
Hibernia of Cleveland the Buffalo, Wes
tern Bufklo Fire and Marine, and Alps of
Erie the Andes of Cincinnati the Pa
cific and Union of San Francisco; the
Knickerbocker, Republic and Firemen's
of New York; and the Lycoming of Philadelphia.
STILL ANOTHER CONFLAGRATION.
10 p. m. A fire is now rasing in the
West Division, which appears to be as
large as the great fire last night. The
alarm was given at 9:45 p. sr., from the
corner of Halsted street and Canal Port
avenue, a distance of about two and a
half miles from the court house, and it
will necessarily be late before any particu
lars can be obtained.
11:30 P. m. The fire to-night, in the
West Division is now raging with unaba
ted lury. Ihe hre commenced near lay
lor street, midway between Delaware and
Jenerson, and is spreading in every- direc
tion. It covers at least four blocks at
this hour, and still seems to be beyond
control. The blocks are built up solidly,
almost exclusive of two-story frame
honses, occupied as residences, boarding
houses, saloons, groceries, &c. The loss is
already large and it is now feared that it
will prove more destructive m its charac
ter than the one last night. It is impossi
ble yet to learn but a very few names of
the sufferers, ihe entire list will proba
bly embrace several hundred. No sd
proximate estimate can yet be made of the
total loss as the progress of the flames has
not yet been arrested.
12:45 A. m. To-night is the most aw
ful in the annals of the city. The fire
which commenced at ten p. M.. has already
swept over a space at least three times as
large as that of last night, and is still
rushing on its path of destruction with
greater fury than has marked any stage
of its progress, the engines appearing al
most powerless. Fire Marshall Williams
has just telegraphed to Milwaukee for all
the steamers they can spare. The confla
gration has already devastated at least
twenty blocks, mostly composed of a
smaller class of dwellings and inhabited
mainly by poor people. Not less than
three hundred buildings have been en
tirely destroyed and more than that num
ber of families rendered homeless. The
wind is blowing almost a gale from the
south, and Bhowers of sparks and burning
brands are sweeping over the city, threat
ening destruction on every hand.
Since this report commenced two addi
tional alarms have been struck and the
tower of the court house caught from a
flying brand, but was extinguished by the
watchman in the tower. No description
can give an adequate idea of the terrible
scenes, ihe hre started in a row of low
wooden tanements on Dekoven street, be
tween J eherson and Clarion, and as was
the case last night, spread with terrible
rapidity. Before a single engine could
get on the ground half the block was in
names and burning furiously. The entire
department was soon on the spot and at
work. For a time it seemed probable
that they would succeed in confining it to
an area oi iour or nve blocKs. The wind,
however, which was blowing freshly when
the fire started, increased to a gale, and
suddenly the flames seemed to sueed in
every direction, becoming entirely beyond
me control oi me nre department.
1:15 a. m. The fire is still raging and
with increased fury has spread almost
with the velocity of the wind, and has
now reached West Monroe street, a dis
tance of more than a mile from where it
started, and it covers a breadth of nearly
half a mile, reaching from the river to
Jefferson street. The district already
burned over embraces an immense num
ber of lumber yards, the freight depots of
the Chicago and St. Louis, and Pittsburgh,
iort Wayne and Chicago railroads. The
property already destroyed counts up
many millions of dollars and perhaps the
halt is not told. The task of arresting it
seems five-fold greater now than it did an
hour ago, and no one dare to venture the
opinion aa to when or where it will stop.
Brands from the fire have blown across to
the east side of the river and a wooden
building is on fire directly adjoining the
Chicago gas house. The flames spread in
every direction. The adjoining buildings
being all of the tinder box kind, the pros
pect is that the gas house will be de
stroyed and the city wrapped in darkness.
A panic is prevailing throughout the
wnoie city. Almost every one, men, wo-
men and children are in the street and
praying, weeping and wailing is heard in
every direction. It now looks as if the
whole city might be destroyed. Of course
large numbers of lives have been each
need, but how many and who cannot be
known, until the progress of the flames
has been arrested. The alarm bell has
commenced rinsing an unceasing nea.1
which is intended to call every sleeper
irom his bed. ihe panic is increasing,
and the people seem crazy with alarm.
The vessels in the river is catching fire in
every direction and all in the south river
will probably be destroyed.
1:45 a. it. A raging, roaring hell of
fire is enveloping twenty blocks of the
city. It is a.ready within a block of the
telegraph office, where this dispatch is
written, and sweeping onward, a whirl
wind of flame, against which human ef
forts are powerless and it is impossible to
tell where it will stop. The bridge across
Van Buren street is burned, the shipping
in the river, the cars on the Chicago, Al
ton and St. Louis railroad, with an im
mense freight train are swept away. No
language can describe the awful scene.
The flames swept through the blocks of
wooden houses with the rapidity of a
prairie firs. Thousands of peoplo fill the
streets, rushing out of the buildings, in
many instances barely to save their lives.
I At J:dl a. h., the time at which the
last dispatch was received, all telegraphic
communication with Chicago had been
cut off The operators in the Western
Union office had even been obliged to
leve. Efforts will be made to send fur
ther news from outside the city. The fire
is still raging with unafcated fury.
Chicago, via St. Louis, October 9.
The1 following dispatch was received from I
Chicago this morning via St. Louis The
following buildings are burnt, Sherman
House, Chamber of Commerce, Court
House, Western Union Telegraph build
ings and all that part of the city, cover
ing thirty blocks. The Mayor of Chicago
telegraphs to the Mayor of tt. Louis this
morning to send food for the suffering.
Our city is in ashes. Our water works
are burnt.
Chicago, 10:20 a. m. The magnificent
depot of the Lake Shore and Michigan
southern rxauroad has just burned, and
the fire is still raging. But two baggage
cars and three coaches were saved from it.
Chicago, October 9. Hon. William
Orton, New York We are trvincr to pet
established a supply department, but as
me nre is now coming up this wav. on
Wabash avsnue. we will rrobablv be
driven out of here before night. The wa
ter works are burned and every banking
house and railroad deDot in thecitv is
burned.
J. WILSON, Supt.
This dispatch was dated from the south
ern portion of the city.
ENGLEWOOD SIX MILES FROM
CHICAGO, 11 A. M. October 9
More than one-half of the city is al
ready destroyed and the flames are still
raging almost unopposed. One o'clock
mis morning the nre crossed tne river at
Adams street bridge, soon destroyed the
gas works then spread in every direction.
At this hour almost every building from
Harrison street north to Chicago river is
destroyed, including all insurance offices,
banks, hotels, telegraph offices and news
paper offices, except the Tribune. The
Court House, the Sherman House, the
Tremont House, the new Pacific Hotel,
the new Bigelow House, in fact every
thing else is swept clean. This district
embraces all the heavy business houses in
the city.
Cincinnati. Uctober 8 12 m. A dis
patch from Superintendent Wilson, Wes
tern Cmon lelegraph company, say3:
ssox, less than ten thousand buildings
are already burned. The gale is still raging.
LATER.
Chicago, October 9, 10 a. m. (brought
to Calumet Station by a horseman from
the city). The fire is raging with tenfold
fuay. A great number of houses have
been blown up, but this has no apparent
enect in staying the Barnes. All the
banks, the Grand Central and Lake Shore
Railroad depots, the city water works,
tue iremont House. Opera House, all the
elevators on Main street, the Postaffice
and Custom House are destroyed, and in
ashes. The fire is now spreading down
Wabash avenue, and the firemen are pow
erless to check it.
Chicago, October 8, 11;45 a. m. There
is no water. The fire has gained headway
on Wabash avenue and is sweeping down
the avenue. It will destroy the tempo
rary telegraph office situated here before
noon.
Among the buildings burned was the
Merchant Insurance Company's block.
situated on Washington street. The losses
up to this hour exceed one hundred mil
lion dollars.
Chicago, October 0, 7 p, m. Evening
reports to the press say the fire is still ra
ging with unabated fury and very heavy
loss. The water works proved to be un
injured and have got them started again.
The fire is nearly stopped in Southern Di
vision but gaining rapidly in the Northern
Division and fears are entertained that the
whole division will go. The Western
Union Telegraph Company have an office
of six wires in operation on Sixteenth
street.
Chicago, October 10, 1:30 A. m. The
fire is still raging fearfully, but we are
now having a heavy rain storm and the
nre is now abating.
SPREAD OF THE FIRE SOUTHWARD CHECKED
Later. It is now believed the spread
of the fire southward has been stayed at
Aarrison street, but on the north side
there is no diminution of its fury and that
entire division ol the city is eminently
doomed to utter destruction, and there
are grave lears that the flames mey spread
to the west side of the north branch of the
north branch of the river, and the inhab
itants on the streets nearest the river are
already moving to places ol supposed
greater saiety.
The Western Union Telegraph have
now six wires working east and south
and running into the temporary office at
tne corner oi state and sixteenth streets.
PEOPLE FLEEING.
The Northwestern Eailroad is running
trams on botn its branches, which are
crowded with neemg citizens.
THE WATER WORKS SAVED.
It is now positively asserted by some
that the water works are still intact, but
that the water has been shut off from the
south and west divisions on account of
the quantity being used on the north side.
Eeliable gentlemen just arrived from the
north division bring the loyfui intelli
gence that the water works are uninjured
uod grant it may prove true.
It is impossible now to give even an
approximately correct
statement op the losses,
but a laint idea may be formed when, i
stated, that every bank in the city, ex
cept two small savings institutions, one
on iwenty-second street, in the South Di
vision, and one on Randolph street, in the
west, are destroyed.
every hotel
on tho South Division, except the Michi
ean Avenue hotei, which stands on the
extreme southern limit of the fire, escaped
mougu uaaiy Ecorcneci.
EVERT NEWSPAPER OFFICE,
the Tribune building, supposed to be fire
proof, having finally succumbed; every
uieaire, six 01 me largest elevators,
THE IMMENSE DEPOTS
of the Michigan Southern and Illinois Cen
tral Railroads, both passenger and freiirht
depots of the latter, more than a score of
churches, and much of the shipping on the
river.
MILLIONAIRES OF YESTERDAY PENNILESS
TO-DAY.
Men who were millionaires yesterday
morning are penniless to-day.
SCORES MEET FIERY DEATH.
But more terrible than all is the awful
certainty that many human beings have
found fiery graves; how many no one can
tell, perhaps no one can ever tell; but
there is a heart sickening fear that the
victims oi tne nery monster may be count
ed. Dy scores.
HUNDREDS OF HORSES AND COWS
have been burned in stables, and on the
north side a number, though released
irom confinement, bewildered and con.
fused by the sea of fire that surrounded
them, they rushed to and fro, uttering
cries of fright and pain, until scorched
ana Kined.
ATTEMPTS AT DESCRIPTION USELESS.
Any attempts at description of the
scenes of this appalling calamity would
great city of Chicago is destroyed, that
uunureas oi millions oi ner actual capital
nave vanished, and that nearly one-third
oi ner lnnaoitants are homeless drnend.
ents, are enough. Any attempts to em
bellish would be but mockery.
ANXIOUS WATCHERS.
As this awful day draws to a ciose,
thousands of anxious eyes watch the
dense clouds of smoke which still roll over
the burnt distnet with dread that a sud
den chance of wind may turn the flames
upon mat portion oi the city yet spared.
j.uero is
LITTLE CAUSE FOR THE APPREHENSIONS,
ana reiniorcements oi nremen are con-
HI.
tan tly arriving from other cities.
WELCOME SUCCOR.
Col. J. J. S. Wilson. Superintendent of
the lelegraph, is in receipt of dispatches
from the leading cities, announcing that
aid is being provided for the sufferers. Col.
Clowery, of St. Louis, telegraphs that sev
enty thousand dollars have been subscribed
by merchants. Cincinnati promises two
hundred thousand, and Cleveland is pro
portionately generous. All this and a
great deal more will be needed to relieve
the immediate Dressiner wants, and every
thing is being done oy General Stager
and his assistants to keep up communica
tion for citizens and the press with the
world outside. Colonel Geo. T. Williams,
Superintendent of the Cincinnati office,
reported promptly for duty this rac,rning,
MAILS SAVED.
About three-fourths of the United
States mail was saved and taken posses
sion of by Colonel Wood, of the Post Of
fice service.
EXTENT OF THE DEVASTATED DISTRICT.
Chicago, October 9 Noon. The
whole business portion of the city is in
ashes, from Harrisou street north to Chi
cago avenue, and east of the river to Lake
avenue, three miles in length, and from
one mile to one mile and a half in width.
Every hotel, bank, express office, tele
graph office, theatre and newspaper office,
with all the wholesale houses in the city,
are totally destroyed. Many thousand
dwellings and the water works are also
burned.
The following are among the principal
buildings destroyed
Brijgs House, Phoenix building, Cham
ber of Commerce, Farwell Hall, Clark
street M. E. Church, Smith fc Nixon's
building, Court House, Wood's Museum,
Sherman House, Matteson House, Tre
mont House, Republican printing office,
Crosby's Opera House, Times office, Dear
born Theatre, Democrat office, Western
Rural office, Michigan Central depot, Mc
Adams Hotel, Hooley's Opera House,
Western News Company, Potter, King
Co.'s furniture establishment, the Acade
my of Design, Mayhon, Daly Co., im-
?orters of millinery and fancy dry goods
'artridge Co.'s large carpet house one
of the largest in the country; the Major
building, the Honore block, and the Mc
Cormick block.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10, 1871.
under guard of tia,
Citizens are warned to stay in the
houses, and men are shot in a twinkling,
if caught in by-ways. The ruins are
smouldering yet, but the fire is subdued.
The city is without water.
SEVERAL MEN HAVE BEEN 6HOT AND SEVERAL
HUNG,
Who were afterward found innocent to all
appearances but were caught in alley
ways, where they probably went to pro
tect their property. They ask them no
questions, nor wait a second.
MORNING DISPATCHES.
GOD BE PRAISED
Chicago, October 10, 9, A. M, There
was a very heavy rain last night. The
fire is all out. The fire burned all last
night on the north side, but this morning
it is under control. It is literally true to
say that there is nothing remaining of
that side from the river north to Lincoln
Park, on the north, and from the north
branch of the river, in the west, to the
lake on the east. This portion of the city
except along the main river, where there
were business blocks, was occupied by
dwellings, and two thirds of the popula
tion are German and Scandinavian, These
n w are homeless, and there are some in
the Irame building in the northwest sec
tion, and others on the prairies, without
shelter. Thtoughout the day yesterday, a
renewal 01 me nres on me west side was
looked for, and a change of five degrees in
the direction of the wind at any time,
would have led to that result ana there
would literally have been no refuge for
any. Every one had their clothing pack
ed, ready to start lur the prairie at any
moment, but God averted this last possi
ble addition to our disaster. At sun down
the wind lulled, and at three o'clock this
morning the rain, so fervently prayed for,
came. It did not rain long, but the roofs
of houses and the ground nave been wet,
so that now it is possible to have fires to
oook food for the multitude.
MEETING OF CITIZENS.
A meeting of citizens was held in the
First Congregatianal Church on West W
bash street, which was continued through
out the night. Measures were considered
to protect what property was left and pro
vide lor the homeless.
NEW ARRANGEMENTS FOR WATER SUPPLY.
Messrs. Richard and Charles Crane, of
the North-western Manufacturing Com
pany contrived a plan which is being put
in execution, ior providing water in case
of fire breaking out at any time. The ma
chinery of their works is being used br
that purpose, the engines and beilers be
ing used for pumping water from the river.
Water for drinking and household use is
procured from the lake and the parks, and
lor the burning hsuses from the river.
TWO HUMAN FIENDS HUNG TO A LAMPPOST.
POST.
Fifteen hundred citizens were sworn in
last night as an extra police force, and the
Secretary ot War authorized Creneral
Sheridan to employ all available troops
or guarding, and to issue one hundred
thousand rations. Five hundred soldiers
are now on duty this precaution
necessary, for remarkable as it may seem,
there were fiends who still sought to ex
tend the disaster. Two men were caught
iu the act of firing houses on the West
side. They were seized and immediately
hung to a lamp post, one on" Twelfth
street, near the river, and the other, three
miles away, on Cleborn avenue, on the
North side. This summary action has
checked the thieves and murderers.
The arrival of firemen and engines from
Milwaukee, St Louis and other cities, has
apparently restored confidence. The Cin
cinnati train arrived this morning with
four engines, three from that city and one
from Dayton. They wereseventeen hours
on the way, having to change the route
twice. They finally came by the way of
Piqua and Logansport, uhere was an in
expressible pleasure in seeing these ex
perienced men go right to work in a busi
ness way, where work was mest needed
lhey are playing on coal piles, to save
whatever of fuel is possible, and prevents
the further spread of the names.
The vast plain is covered with people
wandering about seeing the evidences of a
wealth that has completely vanished in
in flame and smoke. A few business men
with some nerve, are seeking houses for
business on the west side. Rooms that
rented last week for fifty dollars, now
readily command five thousand dollaas.
There are not "many ol these, but enough
to form a nucleus for business. The
newspapers will be started again in a few
da's or weeks. Hon. Joseph Medill of
the Tribune, has purchased two single
cylinder presses used in the job offices on
tue west side, and has telegraphed West
for paper and type, there being nothing
left here. Mr. Storey, of the Times, will
erect a rough one story building and be
gin the issue of his paper as soon as ma
terial can be procured. The Journal is
provided for on the west side. The Post,
Republican, and Staats-Zeilung will also
arronge for business as soon as practica
ble. But everything must come from
elsewhere, for their is nothing left.
There are a thousand people camped
about four miles out, and perhaps as many
more at Lake V lew, and on r ullerlon av
enue, near Prairie. The people are being
fed in the remaining churches, school
houses, under sheds, and by the road
sides It was cold and chillv this morn
ing, causing great suffering, but it is now
clearing np again. Instead of this being
welcome, the people are praying earnestly
for more rain, so fear.ul are they of a con
tinuation of the fire. This is the situa
tion this morning. Further information
will be sent as rapidly as receive L
HOW THE FIRE ORIGINATED—A KEROSENE
LAMP THE CAUSE.
Meanwhile, we give a report of the fire
and its incidents, especially prepared for
the Associate rresB, oy inose wno wit
nessed and fought the flames throughout
Late on Sunday evening, a boy went into
a stable on DeKoven street, near the riv
er, on the west side, to milk a cow, carry
ing with him a kerosene lamp this was
kicked over by the cow, and the burning
nuid scattered among tne straw. This
was the beginning of the great fire, A
single extinguisher on the ground, or the
active work of the police in tearing down
one or two shanties, would have prevent
ed thespreading of the flames. But en
gines were waited for, and when arrived
the firemen, stupefied by their exertions
at the fire on Saturday night, worked
slowly and clumsily their efforts were un-
avaihng.The wind from the southwest blew
a gale and rapidly the flames shot from
house to house and from board-yard to
board-yard, until the district burned the
night before was reached. Meanwhile the
flames had crossed the river, on the north
of Twelfth street, and made for the brick
and stone business block, railroad freight
dedots and manufacturing establishments,
The full extent of the danger was reali
zed for the first time when th Fire De
partment, already, tired out, worked like
heroes. The Mayor and his city govern
ment, that had supinely rested, now be
gan to exert themselves, but the opportu
nity bad not been lost. The time when a 1
thorough organization could have blown
up the buudings, or prepared for the
emergency, was neglected, It was now a
fight for life.
The wind was blowing and a tiff gale
had possession of the flames, and the
beautiful buildings. Chicago's glory, lay
before them. Harrison, Van Buren,
Adams, Monroe and Madison were Boon
reached, and the intervening blocks were
soon reached, and the intervening blocks
from the river to Dearborn street on the
east, were being consumed. Three-quar
ters of a mile of brick blocks were con
sumed, as if by magic.
AFTERNOON DISPATCHES.
It being Sunday when the fire broke
out, proprietors and employees were at
home, utterly unconscious of what was
transpiring. Those who saw the names
supposed it was the remains of Saturday
night's fire, and having confidence in the
fire department were unconcerned, but be
tween eleven and twelve o'clock a rumor
got abroad that the fire was in the busi
ness partion of the city. Then the peo
ple commenced running, horses were
brought into requisition to take the pro
prietors and others to the conflagretion.
W bat a scene met their gaze I J. he .Board
of Trade, Court House, Western Union
Telegraph and Associated Press office. and
hundreds of other buildings, were all
aflame. The air was filled with live coals,
which hurled to the north and east a be
som of destruction. The fire engines were
powerless. All the men could do was to
blew up the buildings bnt this availed
but little. The Times. Tribune. Posl.Re-
publican. Journal, and other newspaper
omces, the Western ISews Company block
Pield Leiter's establishment, the Drake
block, but recently built, Farwell Co.,
all were soon in ashes. It seemed that no
sooner had the flames struck a wall than
it went directly through, and a very few
minutes sufficed to destroy the most elab
orately built structures. The walls melt
ed, and the very bricks were consumed.
The wooden pavements took fire, making
continuous sheet oi name two miles
long by a mile wide. No human being
could possibly survive many minutes.
uiock alter block tell, and the red hot
coals shot higher and spread further and
further. LTntil from the north side of the
lake to the south was a vast sheet of
fiame. From the river to the laks at one
time, so hemmed in were the people, that
it was expected that thousands must per
ish. The Sherman, Tremont, and other
hotels, were emptied of their guests.
J he names reached V abash and State
street and Michigan avenue, and soon
McVicker's Theatre caught fire, and in a
few moments the Tribune building was
in flames. At the last moment the sleep
ing men were aroused and rescued from
the names.
THE FLIGHT.
By ten o'clock in the forenoon this re
maining block was in ashes. Nor was to
be seen the most remarkable sight ever
beheld in this or any other country.
There were from fifty to seventy-five
thousand women and children fleeing by
every available street and alley to the
southward and westward, attempting to
save their clothing and their lives. Every
available vehicle was brought into requi
sition, for the use of which enormous pri
ces were paid and the streets and side
walks presented a sight of thousands of
persons and horses inextricably com
mingled. Poor people, all colors and
shades and every nationality from Europe
China and Africa, mad with excitement,
struggled with each other to get away
Hundreds were trampled under foot.
men and women were loaded with bundles
containing their household goods, to
whose skirts were clinging tender infants,
half dressed and barelooted, and seeking
a place of safety. Hours afterwards they
might have been seen in the vacant lots
or in the streets, far out in the suburbs,
STRETCHED IN THE DUST.
These are the suffering. These are
the lambs whom Christ now calls on the
rich world to feed and clothe." God keep
them, if the heart of man shall prove ob
durate.
One of the most pitiful sights was that
of a middle-aged woman on state street.
loaded with bundles, struggling through
the crowd singing The Mother Goose
Melody," Cnickery, chickery, craky
crow, 1 went to the well to wash my toe,
etc. There were hundreds of others like
wise distracted and many rendered desper
ate by whisky or beer, which from exces
sive thirst, in the absence of water, they
drank in great quantities, spread them
selves in every direction, a terror to all
they met.
It is fearful to think of the loss of life.
It is conjectured, and with good cause,
that nearly five hundred have been burned
to death.
We saw six men enter a burning build
ing, and in a moment thev were over
whelmed by a falling wall. There was
crowd of men around the corner of this
building, trying to save the property
when the walls yielding, some of them
were buried beneath. These were on the
South side
On the north side twelve or fifteen men
women and children rushed into the build-
ing occupied by the Historical Society,
fire-procf building, for safety. In a few
minutes the flames bust up, and they
were burned to death.
Among them is the venerable Col. S.
Stone, long cunneoted with the Society
He was eighty years of age. Also J oh
B. Gerard end wife, and Mademoiselle
DePelgrone, a noted music teacher, also
perished. It is feared that Dr. Prear and
family were also burned, as they were ia
the building and have not been aeea siaoe.
Mrs. Edsall, whose husband was murdered
last week, then suffering from illness, was
carried away lor protection to a building
which was afterwards consumed, and it is
feared she also perished.
VALUABLE BOOKS AND PAPERS LOST.
All the books and papers of the Histor
ical Society, including the original copy
of the famous Emancipation Proclama
tion of President Lincoln, for which the
society paid $25,000 were destroyed.
It is feared that a large number of chil
dren and infants of the Catholic Orphan's
Society, on state street, were also bumed,
as many of them are missing.
On Chicago avenue a father rushed up
stairs to carry three children away when
be was overtaken by the names and per
ished with the children. The mother was
afterwards seen on the northwest side
raving maniac.
In the same neighborhood a family of
hve persons perished
The list of such fatalities is very long,
and cannot be fully verified till after the
smoke shall have cleared away. There
are hundreds of families on that side who
saved no clothing, and but barely their
lives. Among those is the lamiiy of .fer
ry Smith, formerly the President of the
Northwestern Railroad Company.
TWO HUNDRED MILLIONS INSURANCE—
LOSS THREE HUNDRED MILLIONS.
A careful survey of the insurances to
day show that they were written on the
properey destroyed over two hundred
million dollars. Add another hundred
million to this sum and a fair estimate
can be reached of the sum
All the leading merchants who have
been seen, express the determination to
resume business at once. This includes
the heavy houses of John V. Farwell,
Field. L. Co., Sprague, Warner fc Co..
saved exchange, and from three hundred
thousand to a nan a minion dollars oi
goods. Both firms have already estab
lished headquarters on the west side.
Field, Letter fe Co., have just issued the
following circular
To our patrons We have saved all
our books and papers, and have opened an
office at No. bO Calumet avenue. We
trust vou fnllv appreciate our situation
and all who are indebted to us will make
immediate payment We shall never
cease to thank you for past actions. In a
short time we expect to be reorganized
and ready for business."
FIELD LETTER Co.
Crowds are roaming the streets making
turbulent demonstrations ana lasiog pos
session of what they choose, entering
houses and alarming the rnmates. There
are but few military, but companies, are
being hurried up from different points.
There is an abundance of food, but a
great deal is being wasted from a lack of
system, in distribution, or persons to take
charge of it- Large quantities were
dumped from the cars along the tracks,
and hundreds of barrels ot flour with the
heads knocked out are to be seen. Only
cooked food should be sent at present,
bread, crackers, meat, Ac.
Chicago. October 10, 3:30 p. m. Word
j i
is inst brought that a fierce fire is raging
on Thirty-first street This street is two
miles south of the southern fire limit on
the south side, and a little less than that
from the limit on the west side, lhis
had been set on fire for the purpose, evi
dently, of destroying the remaining part
of the city, which is largely occupied by
the wealthy residents. It is also known
that two men, caught in the act of firing
a building have been shot, and two oteers
led off with ropes around' tneir necks.
As the wind is blowing a perfect gale,
the end now cannet be foretold. Further
news will be forwarded as soon as received.
LATEST.
The North Division is swept close from
the Chicago river to Wright's 'giove, a
distance of more than three miles. But
one house, that of Mahlon D. Ogden.Jfor
merly Hon. William B. Ogden's, remains
standing in the entire district A large
portion of the population, driven from
tnis desolated ground, are encamped on
the prairie to the north, where they have
notiiing but the canopy of heaven to cov
er asm, and scarcely sufficient food to
satisfy their hunger.
ELECTION RETURNS.
Columbus, October 10. Returns from
Columbus and Franklin county are incom
plete, but are sufficient to show Republi
can gains on the State ticket. Abbott,
Republican, is elected clerk of court over
Lewenstein, Democrat The contest be
tween Donalson, Republican, and Roes,
Democrat, for the Legislature, is close.
Madison county gives 160 majority for
Noyes.
Galion gives McCook 190 majority.
The Republicans now, (12:30 a. m),
claim Noyes election by about 25,000
majority, and the result in Cuyahoga
county probably gives them the Legisla
ture.
The entire Republican countv ticket is
elected in Champaign county.
Cuyahoga county gives Noves 4.000 n.a-
jority, a Republican gajn of 1,300. H
entire Republican legislative ticket
elected.
Montcomerv conntv. Davton. nine
Wards and Townships. McCook 's majority
31, a gain of 31 over 1870. A Democrat
ic majority of 8 for Representative and
Senator. Temperance ticket one hundred.
which reduces the Republican vote that
much. The indications are that the coun
ty has gone three or four hundred majori
ty ior the democrats.
A special to the Gazette says that Coop
er, Kepuiiiican, is elected Representative
in Knox county.
Newark, October 10. 1871. Newark
and township give McCook 258 majority,
a Democratic gain of 114 over last year.
Six townships are in, which indicate that
the county has gone Democratic by 1,300
majority, a Democratic gain over last year
of 150. The Democratic Senator is elec
ted in the Licking District: also both
Democratic candidates for Common Pleas
Judges in this subdivision, which is again
of one.
The following dispatch has been re
ceived from R. O. Harrison, Columbus,
Chairman of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee.
Columbus, Oct. 11 12:50 p. m.
W. K. Smith, Secretary Republican Cen
tral Committee of Cuyahoga county
Hamilton county gives about two tbotr
sand majority for Noyes. The whole .Re
publican ticket is supposed to be elected.
The Republican majority in the Senate
will be about six; and in the House from
twelve to fifteen. General Noyea' ma-
jority will be large.
R. D. HARRISON.
Chairman Republican State Executive
Committee.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Ph iladelphia, October 10. The elec
tion was quiet in most of the wards. In
the Fourth and Fifth, the colored voters
complained of intimidation and the police
were changed by the mayor. In the Fif
teenth ward. Miss Carrie S. Burnham ten
dered a vote, which was not received.
Judge Allison, of the court of common
pleas, rejected an application for a manda
mus to compel the receipt of her vote, and
was sustained by his brother judges.
LATER.
Sesious riots have broken out in south
ern part of the city. Four or five n.ent
have been killed and twenty-five woun
ded. Three brigades of militia have besot
ordered to the scene of the tronblea.
Haggerty, a lieutenant of police, has bee
areested by order of Judge Allison, and
held in $1,000 to answer to the charge of
obstructing the polls.
The trouble first oomnseAeed between
white and colored men at Eighth and
Fitzwater streets.
THE FIRES IN THE WOODS.
Still Spreading—Smoke Becoming a
Great Nuisance.
(From the Toledo [O.] Commercial, 9th.)
The fires in the surrounding country art
increasing and the smoke settles down
upon our city like an English fog. Pas
sengers on the night trains represent the
scene in some localities to be wildly grand
where the woods are all in a blaze, while
in other localities the devouring element
eucroached so c'.osely upon the lines of the
roads that the heat is quite perceptible as
the train rushes along between the two
walls of flame. Frequently it is necessary:
to observe the greatest caution, as the
smoke bo dense that it is impossible to
see mors, than a few rods in advance ofthet
locomoye, and there is danger that the
fire, which burns deep down into the earth,
whose roots and vegetable matter lead the
way, has caused trees to fall poa the
track. Great damage is dene to timber,
fences and fields, for it does not stop with
these, but meadows, stubble fields, and
even pastures burn, for the sod is dry and
holds fire like punk..
OHIO.
Hamilton county Elects a Solid Democratic
Delegation to the Legislature,
thus Ensuring a Democratic
Senator.
Cixciwnati, October 11. Returns
from the strong wards which come in this
aSUirooon put a new phase on political)
matkers. The Republicans now concede
the defeat of the whole Legislative tickett
in Hamilton county. The indications r
that the whole Democratic county ticked
is elected. Noyes' majority is -still fig
ured at about 20,000, but will prebahljr
fall bejow.
Wayne County Republican
The unofficial return make it appear
that Wayne County has been carried by
the Republicans oa everything on State,
Senatorial. Judicial ana County candi
date. Some of their majorities will be
smalL M.C- Critchfield's majority is re
preseatedl a 1,448 and Col. Can's as 39.
They have a very small majority for their
State ticket. Next week we shall give
the official vote on all the candidates by
townships. Wayne County Democrat.
Wayne County Republican George O. Evans Under Arrest in Harrisburg.
rlsourc.
HARBI8BURO, Pa., October 9. George
O. Evans, the alleged defaulter, was
brought here last night from Dew York,
in custody of an officer, and is now under
close surveillance at the Lochiel House.
The Richmond (Virginia) State Jojumat
Republican organ, understands srdsr
has been issued from the internrj revenue
and will issue soon from the oCher depart
ments of the federal government requir
ing those holding federal commissions to
resign in case they accept nominations for
State offices. This order is aimed, accord-
ing to the Journal not very definitn in
timations, against one of the wings of the
Republican family, and in the interests of-other.
The N Y Sun, thinks the contrast be
tween the Republican and Democratic
State Convention is worth noting. The
Grant Convention was packed with
roughs and policemen, who -assailed the
Qretley delegates, and disgraced the meet
ing by a terrible row. The Democrats
settled their differences before the Con
vention begun, and everything moved off
quietly, no roughs or pelicemtn being,.,
present.