The Old Family Journal.:
Our Present Want--*Money.
We want Money—not to hoard up—but to
pay for things necessary for our daily consump- j
tion and use. We are “fearfully aud wonder- j
fully made and require bread aud meat just j
as other people. When “bog-killing" time j
arrives we, like folks generally, have a desire
to put up a few hams, Ac., and to have some
r.se of our Sausage Grinder aud StufTer—which
will rust if not greased. It is of the most ap
proved pattern, and we should be very much
grieved if, by the continued delinquencies of j
patrons, we should be compelled to let the j
present opportunity slip and a very bandy and i
ingeniously contrived little instrument rustout
for waut of necessary lubrication.
We want money to buy paper, to pay taxes,
rent. Ac., Ac. Innumerable demands are
made up>n us for money t.> pay for iudispcn
sible things. Those indebted to us will please
pay something at once—attention, if nothing
else.
Circuit Court of Jefferson.
r.v bolding sessions of the Court from 81 in
tlu morning until 0 a:.d 10 o’clock at night,
Judge Hall certainly manifests a desire to rid
the ih kt t of a number of cases of the 565 said
t be thereon. With the ex eptiou of Chan
cel v business and two or three civil cases iu
w! h juries were obtained, the Commonwealth
casts Lave occupied the time of the Court.—
S.nce our hist i-aue Thomas Ctipp. iudictcd for
assault and battery w?t’i intout to kid, was
tried and acquitted, Wit/.hoover aud A. R
Kennedy far State; White aud Tmpuell for
defence.
Fax Harris, C‘ l rcd.ind ted for resisting an
ofii.tr, tried; the jury u t able to agree was
d’-th-rge-i. licit..i> 'tr t a State, James M.
Mason for the prisoner.
James CbambliD, colored, indicted for re
ai. t th t r. found guilty and fined £50.
iVlt. h ver for Mute, Blackburn for prisoner.
An application f, r the filling of vacancies iu
the Commissim of appraisers of land for the
Shell nidi .ili Valley 11. II is before the Court
0 i.' argn. 1 Ly e, u..stl iu beiialt ot their re
vj .live clieuts.
At the t.i-ac of g i: g to press the Court is
ii; n and hkriy t continue for st'ine
days yet. There will be ati adj >uroed term
beginning on Tuesday, 12th of December.
In Woman's Clothes.
ur town w visile. t week by a man in
w mail’s all ire. After posing upon a n»m
ler of r c.'. s wh j r mptly responded to
her ihi- appeals for charity, the creature
lounged at ut the streets, a-. 1 loafed and ca,l
11 f„r drinks (and was an\JH4*odaitd irilA
a, a at i.f tl:«- l'.ir-K ms. Ou Finlay
;r. I an mi Jhtttirdav tnorn
1 ,o ift* r a i. *i .g bef re Justice Kidvuour,
n i. ;re t f r "1 lay*. At rheex
I nation of l! it bine it would l>e well for the
j.. pie f oil er ti to keep an ere open
for him.
t.odey's Lady’s Book.
We have red iv< 1 th December number of
ti> p pular Lady’s F. k. It is a genuine
II day n: il to': an unusually large
::.,.ur.t f ii tcrestic t. utter, including stories,
recipes,f.-i.i np i aid patterns. Ac. It
is en.btl!-lud with tv Steel Plate* and a
large .m’ *f l ustrati ns. This Book
well-kni wn that vthirig more than
n cr. n oth i. cf 11:u:tii> i* superfluous.
Published by I A. ii ley. Philadelphia.
Si.l pi f ‘'r. we will furnish
t I. 1 h i c« for £1.75
Cash.
Uoaift of supervisor*.
On ti.e ii. l.i the 1’ altl passed an
Tiayi.vr late
Clerk <>f 1'. i:d. r t L rl. 1-T1. A num
ber of i-t’.er ..ted up i. and passed.
At the i:.t-ti'‘ I1,1 license to sell
spirits u, i r v..t- "u t. d Jo, ph A. Raum,
Order, d, Ti it t e i' -:!•-it nr d (lerk (J.
II. Haines ..:id G 1J. -ettle with the
late Sh'.v 1 that ti e n." investigate the
Aim- II ‘tint. A t U!;.’ tof small bills
were passed, and the r 1 adjourned to meet
on the 12th day of IK ’..l- r.
Kf.i —T; j.r ‘r.uieti set vices in the
M. K. C rcl 'i of t wjj. were con
ch; led Tu. sday nig! t ,-t. Tea persons,
wc understand, professed conversion.
As we stated in our 1 :-t, Flev. Mr. Leyburn,
of V :.cho> er, a,* te l 1! v. A. C. Hopkins in
services .t th ITesl i Cl.urch !ast week
Hi, j ing vj u a* indi ated that the
speaker w "str ng ir ti.e -tm.gth which
God supplies."
New >i< ,k.—We i.: der*t.v.<i Mr. Joseph
A. Lat m. lately ret in.. 1 from ti.e S. uth, do
signs e: gaging in the mercantile business in
i„o> town s -n. The large store-room belong
ing to ti.e r« of the late Win. S. I. -ck. op
j the I k arlestown, i- undergoing
re j airs for Lis occii] -i.y. It has already re
t veil a freshened and beautified appearance
ly ti.e skillful use of ti.e Iru^L ly Mr. Wm.
Kimcs.
I !ift«n W. Littlejohn, with J. Goldsmith,
r• ctfullv infirm* hi, Id I'rimt!, anil the public
generally, that ti has tak-. n charge of the O I C
Bo t. Shoe anil Clothing House, adjoining the
residence of Humphrey Keyes, Esq.
We k* p th la: g -t rt It f Ladiv-’ and Gents’
Boots and Shoes in ft vafh y. Ab a full as
sortment of Ready-Made Clothing and Gents'
i arswktng Goods which »e pledge to selllow and
in reach of everybody.
Tv i \i Ac.—We direct atUnti u to the
a !ct«u su.ont* of 1,> can. Hr.).. A C<*..of Win-
t1. -ter. Mr. L gao, Nr has long been at the
J: id f the Tobacco Lu,in the Valley of
Virginia—and 1 is extensive establishment lias
Wi. f r years a> it is u >w, the source of Tobac
co supply f. r t! e merchants of the Valley!
towns.
The Buckwheat crop of 1&71 is reported to
be .in ci.-ruious one.
Superintendent of Public Printi rfc.
Juo. J. Palmer, Esq., of Richmond, will be
a caudidaU) for re-election to the office of Su
perintendent of Public I’riutiug at the ap
proaching session of the Virginia Legislature.
The Rixktngka.il Register says of Mr. Palm
er
There Is. we are sure, no qnestion as to
Mr. Palmer's competency to fill this place
lie is one of the oldest and best practical print
ers in the 8taU% and has done the cause of the
people as much service as any other gentleman
fu the South. His election, or rather re-olec
tiou will he a just tribute to an intelligent,
capable practical printer and highminded gen
tleman. Me has special claims upou the al
ley delegates which they will wo know, be
prompt to regcoguize.
Probably we have no right to say anything
on the subject, but as an old companion aud
“case’"-mate of Mr. Palmer we may 'be In
dulged in exprv?sjn| a hope that our eld friend
may l>e chosen for the responsible duties of an
office he is so well-fitted to occupy. He is
thoroughly acquainted with printing in all its
details, and is honest and independent, and can
do the Slate good service.
Mecticg of District Conference.
The Winchester District Conference M. E.
Church South, which met at Newtowa, in this
county, on the Oth inst., wns lurgely atteuded
ami hospitably entertained. The rejiorts
from the vari uschargis in the district devel
oped a good degree of priwjierity, upward# of
860 member!, having been already added to
the Church during the present year. rl he
death of Kcv. Stephen Smith, of Morgan pr
cuit, for upwards of 40 years a minister of the
Baltimore Conference, was appropriately no
ticed. The lav Delegates elected to the Bal
timore annua! Conference were:
G. T l.ieklider, of Shepherdstown, W. Ya.;
E. W. Masscv, of Clarke county, Virginia;
W. K. Kick a rd, of Martinsburg, West Va.;
E. J. Evans, of Winchester, Virginia.
Alternates: Thomas Lock, of Jefferson
county, West Virginia; Jacob B. I.arrick, of
Frederick county Geo. W Way, of Berkeley
Springs, and Wm. Hodgson, of Frederick
county, Virginia.
Charlestown was selected as the place of the
neat session.— M’«nrAe»*er Timet.
Kik skse Accident.—The wife of Mr.
William Long, residing on Uniou Hill, was
seriously, if not fatally burned on Friday night
last, by the accidental explosion of a coal
oil lamp. We learn that the lamp was
sitting ou a table, aud the explosion took place
at a time when uo one was near it except Mrs.
Long, who was sitting by the table engaged
in sewing. Ihr hotly and extremities were
badly burned. She is still living, and may
I recover.—Martinsburg Era.
A Good Example.—Wc learn that Dr.
Bhuknall, the enterprising proprietor of the
Yarborough Hi i'sc, Raleigh. N. U., not only
sul- ribes for the New York Herald, Tribune.
Clij'jur, Moores Enrol, Baltimore Gazette,
Philadelphia l edger, Richmond a.) Whig,
Petersburg i Va. Index and Journal, Norfolk
Journal and Virginian, and the Suffolk (Vt.)
Hun. hut every paper published in North
Can hua, without regard to religion or politics.
Hi Louse is the headquarters of a large por
tion of the travelling public. Sucli a man de
serves patrons"*.
Shenandoah Valley K. U.—Thursday
was the day appointed fir a meeting, in Charles
w n, of the Shenandoah Valley Kail Road
Directors, but, in consequence of no quorum
I present, the meeting has been deferred until
next w eek. Members of the Board from Page,
Warren. Clarke and JellVrson were present.
We are informed that a jiistol hall passed
through the chamber window of Mr. John
Whittington and lodged in the wall at the side
of his bed, and near the head of hiachild,a few
nights ago. The practice of firing guns ami
pistols uji. n our streets at night is becoming
too common and is a nuisance that iught to be
i remedied speedily.
New Schedule.— Maj. A. li. Wood, Agent
at Harper’s Ferry, j>resented us with a copy
j of the new Time Tables of B. t>. R. R. rlhe
new Schedule went into operation on the 19th
instant. There is hut slight change except in
the Express trains East.
It is said that an indictment has been found
in the United States Court of the western dis
trict of Virginia against 0. II. Keudrick, of
Scott county, for holding Lis scat in the State
Senate contrary t>> the provisions of the “en
forcement act.” Mr. Kendrick served in the
I last session of the Senate.
The Harper’s Ferrt Peopebty.—Thu
Secretary of War reports that the parties who
purchased from the government the Harper’s
Ferry arsenal property have not paid for it ac
cording to stipulation. The time for payment
expires on the 1st of December, when the
j pr <perty will revert to the government, unless
payment is previously made.
Fork opened in Christiaosburg, Va., at six
dollars per hundred, but fell in two days to
five with a downward tendency. Accounts
from other markets indicate that it will reach
yet lower figures.
The charred remains of John McDevitt, the
billiard champion have been found under the
ruins of the Tribune office in Chicago. Ha was
in the ffice the night of the disaster some what
int \icated and refused to leave, saying lie
wasn't afraid of fire.
Notary —Dr. J.*V. Simmons, Teller ofthe
First National Fault of Jefferson at Charles
t wn, has Wen appointed Notary Public by
Gov. Jacobs.
Thanks.—Mr. John McKinley will please
accept our thanks for a bushel of nice apples
presented a few days ago.
The Foard of Super visors of Jefferson Coun
ty will n.cet on the second Tuesday—Decem
ber 12lh.
For. .T. T. Williams will preach at White
bpu4 on Sunday, November. 26, at 11,
o’clock—and at Kabletown, at 3J.
A valuable Cow belonging to Capt. John
Reed, was found dead, in a field near town,
la-t week. It bore the marks of a gunshot
wound.
A loyal sd.eriff in North Carolina is missing.
This would be considered a Kn-Klux outrage
had he not carried off seven thousand dollars of
the people’s money.
llerkeley County Items.
We regret to bear that Mr. Samuel Mclvown.
I of this place, was kicked by one of bis horses,
with both hind’feet, while in tie stable on Wed
nesday morning last. The force of the blow
was broken by his nearness to the animal, and
bis injuries, though painful, are uot of a seri
ous character.
l’arrsn M. Hollis was kicked by a horse the
same morning, but being very close to him es
i capod with a slight bruise near the knee.
Some of our farmers have been complain*
ing of having unknown aud unsolicited help in
i gathering their coin. This assistance .is ren
der isl after night, and the notturual laborers
perforin the work aud carty ofi their wages
without (lie knowledge or couseut of the own*
i era of the crop.*-Qerendsturen Times \olh.
The Hacks.—The inauguration races over
the course of the Berkeley Fair Ground*, came
oft on Thursday and Friday of last week. Al
though the wed tiler was cold and un propitious,
yet they were quite largely attended. The
trotting race to wagons on the first day for a
purse of £150 was won by Mr. John Marshs
mare Alice, beating Mr. Wild’s horse "Honest
Buck “—both distancing the Wisncr horse.
The running race for a purse of £50 was
warmly contested, several entries being made.
Mr. Haul Straustier’s horse came out the win
ner by several lengths.
The Hackiug race between horses entered by
Messrs. Morgan, Marsh and Small, was won by
the Marsh mare.
The second day's trotting to harness, best 8
I iu 5 for a purse of £100, three entries, was
wuu by Mr. Marsh’s mure Lotta. Time 2.51,
2.52, 2.50,2,55.}.
lu the pacing race for a purse, “br. horse”
and gray mare Wlfite Cloud was won by
br.horse. Time 3.04}, 2 51, 3.03}, 2.53, 8.1-’}.
The track was iu excellent condition aud
was pronounced by strangers the finest race
course they had ever seen.—Jlari. Statesman.
Examine Them.
Before taking nny of the following notes see
that th v are not counterfeits, as many imita
tions are in circulation; Twos, Natha n' 15 ink.
State of New York; os, Merchants National
Hank, New York; 20s, Merchants National
Hank, New York; 10s, American National
Rank, New York; 20s. National Bank, State
uf New York. \Yo are most careful in <>ur ex
amination of 20s. They flow in upon us with
such rapidity that the least carelessness on ottr
part might cause us to fail—as a bloated
bondholder.’’— Wheeling Sunday Xetes.
\Ye publish the above for the benefit of such
of our readers as are putting by their currency
in the hope that twos will grow to twentys by
being carefully planted in safe or secretary.—
Better k«p them in circulation—and don’t
forget to circulate a few this-wa d. c pro
mise not to be over, ^'inspection*.”
More Taxes Demanded.
Messrs. Editors:
I learn that a scheme is on band to petition
the Hoard of Superviroia of this CTuuty to
purchase or cr ndwiiii cirtnin private property
adjoining the O^kiiiJHotise h-t in hajlestown.
1 .Vs a large tax-payer—having suffered incom
mon with those who have to bear tl.o burden
already plaied upon the people of tl-e county
1 am opposed to any such unnecessary out
lay of the jxa pie’s money. 1 thereto ie tmst
that the Hoard of Supervisor* will not. for a
in merit, entertain such a proposition at present,
or at least until the tax-payers may have an
opportunity to decide upon the subject.
l\in y< u, Mc»rs. Editors, inform me whether
stuli an effort is being made or n< t?
TAX-PAYER.
[\Ye can only say to Tax-Paver” that we
of this
sort, but eti] pose that under present circum
stances a proposition of the kind will not be
entertained, especially as the Court-House is
not yet repaired, and may cost more money
than is now anticipated.—Ere Press.]
Snr.XAXDoAnVAt.i EY Aup.ici i.ti halSocik
ty A meeting of the executive board of the
Shenandoah Valley Agricultural Society was
held at Winchester, Ya .on the 11th inst., and
n repi it made of £4.1*r*l 1T receipt* and
44S 20 disbursements at the late fair. Mr.
George \V. Ward, treasurer, lately elected State
Senator, resigned, and Mr. Vance Bell was ap
pointed acting treasurer till the next meeting
of the stockholders.
Accident.—We regret to learn that Mr.
Wm. L. Reinhart, residing 4 miles East of
town, was thrown from his colt, on Sunday
afternoon last, in his ham yard, and was se
verely injured, internally ns well as externally.
We are glad to learn lie is doing as well as can
be expected, under the treatment of a physi
cian.—Shejdierdst< ten Itcgister.
Harden the Doctors.
Pork is selling at five aDd six dollars per
hundred.
This i? no apology for whisky drinking it is a
medicine that cannot be used to intoxicate it pro
duces a tonic eflect. as well as acts as a cathartic.
In fact, Simmons’ Liver Regulator is pronounced
an unexceptionable medicine.
MARltlED,
On Thursdav morning, November 23rd. 1^71. bv
Rev. J. W. Ewan. Mr. CHARLES W. TRUSSFLL
and Miss HF.TTIE L. STARRY, eldest daughter
of Mr. JACOB STARRY—all of Charlestown.
On the 21st instant, at th« Lutheran Church in
Winchester, by Rev. T. W. Iiosh, Mr. JUST AH
WATSON, of Jefferson Conntv, and Miss V171
GINIA, daughter of Conrad Rremer, Esq., of
Winchester
On the 14th instant, at the residence of the
bride’s father, Henrv M. Baker, Esq., bv the Rev.
T. W. Rush, Mr. THOMAS S. CUAMBLIN. of
Loudoun county, and Miss BEATRICE BAKER,
ot'Erederick county, Virgiuia.
On the 14th of November, at Sunnvside. bv Rev.
W. C. Meredith. Dr. DANIEL B. CONRAD, of
Richmond, to Miss SUSIE L., only child of Dr.
and Mrs Wro. A. Davis, of Frederick county, Ya.
On the lflth of November, 1871 at Trinity M. E.
Church, South, Baltimore, by Rev. A. VY. Wilson,
K. GEORGE TAYLOR, of Baltimore courtv, and
Miss NANNIE LIPSCOMB, of Baltimore, daugh
ter of the late Rev. P. D. Lipscomb.
DIED,
On Saturday night last, at Harper’s Ferry, Mr.
MATHEW QUINN, aged about 40 years.
At her residence in Lima. N. J., on the 20th of
October, 1S71. MAKY FRANCES, wife of Win. A.
Ferris, formerly of Shepherdstow n, aged 30 rears,
4 months and 3 days.
At Washington City, on the 20th of November,
l«7l,aft<r a lingering illne'S, of carcimona of
stomach, FRANCIS C. MELUORX, in the 59th
rear of his age. He was a native and for a large
portion of his life a resident of Harper’s Ferry,
where the memory of himself and good old father
and mother is cherished by most of the old inhab
itants with great respect and affection.
Messrs. MASON if CO.. O'rutlemen:—Mr. Row
an having acquainted me with the formula for his
Ritters, it gives me pleasure to testify to its valua
ble qualities. I would recommend it especially to
persons w ho. besides suffering w ith the ailments
for w hich bitters are taken, are more or less prone i
to renal Kidney,) disorders, for to such 1 think
most of the bitters in common use must be exceed
ingly hurtful. C. T. RICHARDSON, M. 1). I
ARMST U O NG At CO.
MANIIFACTUKT'HS OF
STOVES AND HOLLOW WAKE, PLOW’S AND
PLOW CASTINGS.
POUT DEPOSITS. MAHVLAND.
11 KG leave to call the attention of Housekeepers. Stove Dealer* «nd the trade generally to their
5 celebrated Cooking Store* EMERALD AND VIRGINIA, which we will guarantee tn every
Particular as tl.e most complete Cooking and decidedly (lie best Baking Stores in tl.e market.
Ma.'ill's patent Fire-place Heater, Magill’a Patent Smoke and Ha* f.-nsuming ltudutor, toother
Wl,h large variety of Cooking Stores, Parlor and Firt pUca Heaters, Ac. Ac.
lU^po'S and ™unt-v in Mar-T,and
Sen,ember 1G. 1871—Cm. Li«ht Struct, Baltin,,,’e.
MUSIC IaE8S<>xs.
A I US. C. T. RICHARDSON will give lesson*
1 in Music to a tew pupils at her residence.
July 8, 1*71—tt.
Jefferson Institute,
Cliarle«to'Wi»,W,VirarIni«.
r jiHE next Session will commence on Monday,
I Sciiltnthcr 11/A. 1871.
Rein"- provided with competent Assistants,every
advantage for a thorough course in English, the
Languages, Drawing, Music on 1’iano and Organ,
will be afforded. Particular attention will be paid
to Music, and pupils will be required tnplay at the
Musical Soirees, when the friends of the pupils can
have an opportunitv to judge of their progress.
Vocal Music will lie taught in classes as well as
bv private lesson.
For Circulars, Terms, Ac., applv to the Princl
na! Mas. A. M. FORREST.
P July 29, 1871. ___
1 )ENTAIs_NOTICE.
OR. McCORMICK will visit Charlestown vro
/«»«tonally, on the Second Monday of Febru
ary, (13th,) April. (10th,) June, (12th,) August,
(14th,) October, 9th).
February 4,1871.
OW FOR SALK.
VVERY FINE DURHAM COW—an excellent
milker—for sale. She will soon be fresh.—
For particulars apply at
Nov. 1*. 1*71. FREE PRESS OFFICE.
CARPETS.
l (too yards OF BEAUTIFUL CARPETS AT
uoo YARDS OF BEAUTIFUL CARPETS AT
Factory Priors.
J. ROSE A IIRO.
Charlestown, November 18,1871—3t.
OALTPETRE, Black Popper, Sage, G. A. and
Fine Salt for sale by W. EBY.
(iHEESE Maccaroni and Fresh Crackers for
sale by W. EBY.
iliiSl I.i.v V. .1 1
I EFT the premises of the subscriber, about
i three weeks ago. TWO THREE-YEAR AND
THREE ONE-YEAR OLD CATTLE-three of
them Heifers and two Steers. Crop off one year
and slit in the other. JOHN MOORE.
November 18, 1871—3t.
Spirit c»/y.
SHAWL JOST.
I' OST, between Charlestown and Rippon a
j SINGLE BLACK SHAWL, with a narrow,
white-mixed border. The tinder w ill confer a fa
vor upon a poor ladv by leaving it at tlic Rippon
Store or at the t'rvc /Vc»* OjJicc.
Nov. 18, 1871—3t.
Clover Seed.
I WANT to purchase one Thousand Bn«hela
CLOVER SEED. Will pay the highest market
price in (’ash. K. M. AlSQl 11 H, ha.
Nov. 11. l.»71-3t.
n< m ck.
rpHEKE will be a meeting of the President an.!
I Directors of the Smithfield, Charlestown and
Itarpcr’s Kerry Turnpike Company, at the Sap
pington Hotel! in Charlestown, on Saturday, No
vember 25th. 1871 FRANCIS Y ATES,
Nov. 11, 1871. President.
Tl ST PUBLISHED—11 Women, or Cbroniclea
<.f ih- lnt" Wm .’’—Sequel to “The Holcombs,”
bv Miss M. T. Mugill. Encourage Home Litera
ture. For Sale at W. S. MASON’S.
HOOKE’S Celebrated Extract Malt—fresh in
voice just arrived. W. S. MASON.
1)1U)M0 Chlorolum—the most powerful disin
fectant known. W. S. MASON.
M\S<>S’S White Oil prepared with great care
and warranted in all cases where Liniments
are required interior to none. Prepared and for
sale only by W. S. MASON.
I IGI1T Brown Cod Liver Oil recommended for
j J j it* purity, for sale by W. S. MASON.
November 11, 1871.
IYUCKWHEAT FLOUR.—Fresh Buckwheat
FI e i lUSt i reived bv i
Nov. 11, 1871. KEAKSLEY A SHEERER.
1. A. if- Fine Salt, Grain and Ground Pepper,
T Cavenne Pepper and Sage, for sale bv
Nov. 11, lb71. KEARSLEY SHEERER.
OFFICE ANDES INSURANCE COMPANY,
118 West Fourth Street,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
Fimincinl Stntclnetat
OF
Andes Insurance Company,
October 25, 1871.
CASH on hand, in Bank, and in
transit.- $286,034.43
BONDS—U. S., State, City 1 market
and County,. 3!>0,073.31
Railroad Bonds,.J value. 8,900.00
Collateral Loans, j. 99,500.00
I
and Accrued Interest, 19,000.00
First Morgtages, j. 097,196.63
Bills Receivable,. 9,347.66
Book Ac’ts (Premiums A Agency bal. 38,096.50
Am’t from Stockholders by assess’!, 500,000.00
S2.078.148.40
CHICAGO LOSSES, ?«30,ono.
J. B. BENNETT, President.
Geo. E. Cordell. Agent,
Charlestown. Jefferson County, W. Va.
November 11,1871—3uo.
TO CONSUMPTIVES.
rpil L advertiser, having been permanently cured
|_ «if thatdread disease. Consumption, bv a sim
ple remedv, is anxious to make known to his fellow
sufferers the means of cure. To all who desire it,
he will send a copy of the prescription used, i free
of charge), with the directions for preparing and
using the same, which they will find a sire Cork
for Coxsi’RPTJOX, Asthma, Bronchitis, <fc.
Parties wishing the prescription will please ad
dress Kr.v. EDWARD A. WILSON,
2fi4 South Third Street, Williamsburg, N. Y.
Nov. 11, 1871—ly.
R.w;s Wanted.—The high
est CASH price paid for Rags at
this Office.
Feather lle<l
I'tOP. SALE. For information apply at this
Not. 4,1871. OFFICE.
FiKE New England Rum the very thing for
putting up peaches, at CHAMBERS.
ON MON 1 >AY r,AST,
A Most Awful and Terrific Tattle Occurred
in our midst between the Whites and
Llacks.
Running Too and Fro to Seel See What? 100
Lire* Lost? Oh! WI at a Mistake!!
IT was 100 Cases of BOOTS and SHOES best
Citv work direct from the Factories for the
OH! t SEE!
stoui:,
Where tliey can he bought 2 |>er cent, cheaper
than elsewhere. I especially invit the Radies to
examine nty stock of fine Shoos before purchasing
elsewhere, for I am certain there never was such
a stock before ottered in this market. Just look at
th« following prices:
LADIES’ SHOES.
Ladies’ Pegged Morocco Bals. $1 25 to 1 75
Csir 125 to 3 00
Sewed* 1 75 to 2 25
44 44 Oil drain citv made 2 00 to2 75
n pebble 2 00 to 2 50
44 44 Undressed Mor. 14 2 00 to 2 50
44 44 Dressed 44 44 2 00 to!! 00
44 Turkey Mor. Boots 2 50to3 00
?4 44 Itut 44 3 00 to 3 50
44 44 Kid 44 Laced 2 25 to4 00
4 4 44 French Leather 2 25 to3 00
44 High Cut Lasting But 44 1 50 to 3 50
44 44 with vamp 1 50 to 3 50
Misses’ Kid Hoots city made 2 00 to2 75
Morocco 44 44 1 IS 1
44 Pebble 44 44 1 5C to 2 25
44 French Leather 2 00 to 2 50
44 Calf 44 44 75 to 175
44 J. -ting Gaiters But. Laced 1 50 to 2 00
GENTS’ BOOTS AND SHOES.
Gents' French Calf Stitched Boots, 00 to 0 50
44 Sowed 3 00 to 5 00
44 Pegged do., 3 00 to 4 .>0
44 Stitched Gaiters, 2 50 to 8 50
44 Sewed do, 2 2.> to 3 00
44 Heavy Kip Boots, 2 DO to 3 DO
44 Citv made Ovstei Boots, 3 50 t<> fi 00
44 Nai'lcl Bottom 44 4 00 to.5 00
44 Potomac 50 to 5 00
Childrens Shoes of all styles and qualities from
35 cents up, all kinds of Gum Over SI and San
dies, Carpi t and Leather Slippers. 1 have alio in
addition to mjr large stock of Hoot* ■and Shoes a
complete stock of Fashionable Clothing ami a most
beautiful stock of Hat*, Caps, and Cents’ Furnish
iog goods, all of which must be sold at some price.
Mjr motto i“ Sett, nod aell I n. nst. Don’t forget the
placeof the
Oh I See
Store, adjoining the residence ol Humphrey KeveJ,
Esq. I. 11AM HL’HGEK.
Oct II. 1-71.
I FOB Medicinal purposes, Thompson's I*ui Lye
I Whiskey, ten years old. guaranteed pure.
G. W. CHAMBERS,
Harper’s Ferry, Mar. 25, 1871. Agent.
■'/\n BACKS O. A. and Satt.1
low for cashj by W. hBY.
('iOUX Hampers, Wood Ware, Qiiecuswaro,
j Lamps of all kinds, for sale by W. KlA.
1 Fj X EiST reen and Black Tea, Fresh Tomatoes,
I-' Corn, l’eus, Peaches, Cucumber Pickles,
Chow Chow, (.'In -e, Crackers. Scotch Herring,
Muckrel for sale by \Y. EDI.
1LBUICATIXU Oil for machine purposes, fresli
j Spcriu and NcaUloot having purchased all
the above in large quantities, I nm orepar.d to
sell them at very low rates. C. E. BEELER.
Harper’s Ferry, July 22,1871.
1 FiTAK and Violin Strings ingreat variety for
I sale by C. E. BELLEll.
Harper’s Ferry, July 22,1871.
11RKSH Roasted Coll'ec, Chocolate, the very
best Gun Powder Tea at reduced price at
Aug. 5, 1R71. W. KBY’S.
NrFW AND NOVEL. l»iair,<nd Screen Fan
ning Mill and Separator. For s.ih- bv
July 22, ’71. JAS. LAW. HOOFF.
Nr EW C
JAS. LAW. HOOFF.
Sept. 1C, 1871.
1 FERTILIZERS.—Turners, O’Ber A Son, Ku
I reka, Burgen A But/ and Pure Peruvian
Guano for Sale by
J A I. W. HOOl F.
Il'ST received a full and beautifnl assortment
of Lamps, and Lamp Goods 20 per cent, cheap
er than ever sold in tills market. Al o, the best
brand of Kerosene Oil. W. 8. MASON.
\LL the School Books ueid by onr Schools on
baud—Any Book wanted, not in stock, will
b- furnished at short notice at Publi-lteis prices.
B t. 90,1871, W. 8. MASON.
STONE WARE. Wi barn just received the
very be.-t quality of Stor.e Wale, such as
Jars, Milk I'a:U and A J-j gallon Fruit
Jars For Sale bv
Sept. 1C, 1871. KEAR8LEY SHEERER.
I AMP GOODS, I
j nest Lamps in the rnaik. t we are now oller
ing much cheaper than were evei sold here.
October -.'8, 1871. GF.O. T. LIGHT CO. j
SAFETY Tl’BE.— By this little contrivance we
can make your Lamp non explosive. Every
body mu«t have one—pi ice 25 cents.
Lamp Shears. Save ur Seiss >rs by buying a
pair of these Shears, and improve your light by
trimming vour Lamp w ick property.
For sale by GEO. T. LIGHT A CO.
UEXRY Countv Twist Chewing Tobacco—the
very best Tobacco extant. Cigars from 15c
each to 2 for 5c—the best in town. Trv them—no
htrtnbug. GEO. T. LIGHT A CO.
(iUANGE Tonic Hitters, pr-pan d by ourselves
f al.-o for sale. Physicians pn-cribe th-m for
Dj GEO. T. LIGHT CO.
(VltDEUS for Books and Music receive special
attention. GEO. T LIGHT A CO.
NEW GOODS.
'I'l'^'Eare now receiving onr Fall and Winter
t Stock of Goods, which we offer at verv low
prices for Cash or Countrv produce.
KEAICSLEY A SHEERER.
October 21,1871.
IADIES’ Dress Goods. Wc hare a handsome
j assortment. KEARSLEY d~ SHEERER.
A TARNS.—Whit'. Black, lUu- Mixed. Bine and
1 Scarlet, Blue and White, Scarletar.d \t hite.
Oct. 21. KEARSLEY A SHEERER,
('1LOTHS A Caasimeres— a handsome a.-sort
j ment just received bv
Oct. 21. KEARSLEY A SHEERER.
KATS.-A large stock of Hats for old aud
voung, just received bv
Oct.'21. KEARSLEY A SHEERER.
>V Aug. 26. 1871. W. EBY.
SELECT vour T -bacco, from the largest -sock.
You wifi lind it at EBY ri.
BEST assortment Glass-,varc at
Sept. 30,1871. W. ELY'S.
Mists 31 sii*v S. Haines,
aAvoi'LH announce that she will be thankful to j
f execute, on reasonable terms, all work in
the line of
rMuin Ditkkos,
Tailor Work, and all kinds of Sewing, either for
Ladies, Gentlemen or Children.
Cbailustown, Nov. lb, lsTl—3t.
HALL’S
VEIETftllE stauu
HAUL
BENEWEB.
Every year increases the popu
larity of this valuable Hair Prep
aration, which is duo to merit
alone. We can assure our old
patrons that it is kept fully up to
its high standard; and it is the on
ly reliable and perfected prepara
tion for restoring Gray or Faded
Hair to its youthful color, making
it soft, lustrous, and silken. The
scalp, bv its use, becomes white and
clean. It removes all eruptions and
dandruff, and, by its tome proper
ties, prevents the hair from falling
out, as it stimulates ahd nourishes
the hair-glands. By its use, the
hair grows thicker and stronger.
In baldness, it restores the capillary
glands to their normal vigor, and
will create a nejv growth, except in
extreme old i(gc. It is the most
economical Hair-Dressing ever
used, as it requires fewer anplica- i
tions, and gives the hair a splendid,
glossy appearance. A. A. Hayes,
M.D., State Assayer of Massachu
setts, says, The constituents are
pure, and carefully selected for ex
cellent quality; and I consider it
the Best Preparation for its
intended purposes.”
Sold by all DruggUU and Dealcrt in MedicineI. 1
Price One Dollar.
Buckingham’s Dye.
FOB THE WHISKEBS.
As our Renewer in many cases i
requires too long a time, and too
much care, to restore gray or faded
Whiskers, we have prepared this
dye, in one preparation, which will
quickly and effectually accomplish
this result. It is easily applied,
and produces a color which will
neither rub nor wash off Sold by
all Druggists. Price Fifty Cents.
Manufactured by R. P. HALL CO.,
NASHUA, N.H.
Augnit 12,1871—lj.
©20,000
Worth of Dry Goods
Twenty Thousand Dollars
WORTH OF
H LJ
CLOT 11 TXG,
Hoots, Shoes, llats, Caps,!
800
PIECES OF BLEACHED AND BRO, MUSLIN,
An(l a Thousaud other things numerous to
Mention,
TirniCH we will sell for less than ever offered
in the Valley ot Virginia. We have now
in store all the latest styles of
DRKSH GOODS,
Salteens. Merinos, JEinpre.-j Cloths, Poplins, Al
pacas, Cashmeres, Mnuslins, Kept*. Silk Poplins,
I and Silks of rll description*, English and Fateh
j Water Proofs, Ac.
Blankets, Counterpanes, Quilts.
Which we will sell at Manufacturers’ Prle»s!
We have just eceived, made to our own older,
i the LATEST STYLES OF
CLOTHING,
Which we guarantee is madeby regular Merchant
i Tailors. Our assortment of
Funxisnixu goods is complete.
Our Golden Yoke Shirt, pat' nted May 5th 1871,
warranted the best on tin- market.
5,000 PAIR
I) ALTIMOKE-MA DE BOOTS AND SHOES,
Baltimore--made boots and shoes.
Which we offer at City prices. We w ill duplicate
all New York and Baltimore prices,
At the Emporium of
N J. BOSE A BRO.
Under Free Press Otticc.
K. M. Aisquith, Jr., 1
W. P. Rose, Salcrmeu.
Julius Abbott. J
November 4, 1871.
1871. Fall Trade. l-;i
HOWELL BRO., linve now instore a choice
supply of FALL and WINTER GOODS, to
which they invite the attention of tin ir regular
customers and the trade generally. Close
hover* arc exprciatlr invit' d to examine our stock
of*DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, NOTIONS,GHO
CERIES, BOOTS, SHOES. HATS, Ac.
Particular attention is called to our stock of For
eign and Domestic
CLOTHS AX I> CASlltEHES.
Also, a full line of Satinets, Jeans, and other
goods suitable for Boys wear.
Conn try Produce of good quality taken in
in exchange for Goods.
Oct. 21,1871.
i YPERA Flannels, PI iln nnd Figured. Dali, eal
t Skirts, Heavy Shaker FlJuutl, C 'lion Flan
nels, Bleached and Brow n Cotton, 4 4 Brown and
Bleached Cotton, 10-4 Sheeting Brown and Bleach
cd, for sale bv
Oct. 21, 1871. HOWELL A BRO.
(t ENT’S Merino Undershirts, Lndies Vest, <’or
I gets. Linen Collar* and Cud's, Lace Collar*,
i.inen and Hem Sticb"d Handkerchiefs, Neck
Tie* and Bows, Ladies Hose, Gent’s Hose, Silk
Velvet and Velveteen, Ribbon*, for sale by
Oct 21, 1871. HOWELL A BBO.
IINSEY8.—6 4 Grey Failed I-in-ey, 4-4 Plaid
j J.inter, Ca«.-in>er«. Kersya and Yarn, county
manufacture), lor gale bv
Oct 21,1871. HOWELL URO.
I") ATTAN Corn Hampers. Rattan Mats, Maikrt
U Baskets, Coal Scivc*, Hearth Brooms, Wash 1
uimida, Wooden Bowls, a fullassortmentof Clock- j
cry and Glass Ware, Tun.hlerg, Goblets, GUa*
Bowl* covered and uncovered, for talc by i
Oet. 21,2871. HOWELL* fiROC J
I ^RESII Groceries, Including Green and Tea f .d
4 Coffee, Brown, Crnshcd, OranulaUd and A
Sugars, Molasses and Syrups, Green and Black
Tea, Piimc Herring, Maekrel in bbls. this, and t
Kit*, Cheese, Crackers and Spice*, for gale by
Oet. 21, 1871. HOWELL A BBO. 1
J UST received a stock of Lanif and Lamp Goods
(Tery low) the “Atwood Burner’’ the mo*t
complete and perfect round Wicfc Burner yet made,
adapted to all Lamps, and nnaiuce* a light equal
to the German Studv Lamp, also, the Reliance j
Non-Explosive Attachment ior Kerosene Lamps
something new and desirable, for sale bv
Oct 21,1801. HOWELL A BKO. j*
I d
ISIGW )l
\\^E arc prepared to furnish our friends and
cn.-tnmers with NEW, HAMDSOMK.Sl B
STANTIAL, SEASONABLE and STYLISH i
GOODS of all kinds, kept in a first-class Store. j
S!:ortj. Itnols'fiiKl list*.,
Made a speciality. Call oac and all. and rum- r,
ine our Stock. WaaellGo<*&» Cktop for ('ASII.
Oct. 21, 1*71, TRUSSEI.L A LUCAS. t,
(1LOTH a CAS8IMERH.-We fcarcoa head i r
j very handsome line of these goods, call and
examine them, ii
Oil 21, 1*71. TRUSSEI.L A LUCAS.
__ i- ;i c
HATS.—Onr stock embraces all the Fashinna- 11
ble styles in the market—call at No. .’t and
rurcha.-e your Hats,
OcL 21, 1,71. TRUSSEI.L LUCAS. J
I)EAR and Dog Skin Cloths, Blarkar.d (k W
Mixed Rcppellaats for Ladies Circulars and
Cloaks, for sah hy
Oct. 21,1*71. TRUSSEI.L A Ll'C'AS.
rpEAS.—Gunpowd* r Imperial, Japanese, Eng
1 luh Break last, Delong -all "f auperku <|nali
t^for sale by K EAltSl.EY A SHEERER,
I^l'RS.—A hands-une as- rtmrntof For* atrerr
4 low prices. KEAKSLEY A SHEERER. f'
November IS, 1671.
ifin| |7bT|L^ j j,Tl[i
i W stats. rrepHster. It II UWVtt.M. Ms-1.1. M
Gsu. Ag.sU, Ban t ranr-srs, C»b, smJ *4 ('hsnhh Urol N. t.
illlLl.lllV* Krir TrslImtuT la cSitlr
Wonderful 1'ctr.lUu ti-rtf.
They are itofus-lM Pastry l>rtuk, (•e'etif P»tr
Hum, Whiskey. i bidriu usd ■rfa-d
I.iqu ura dortoml, t-c-ed and ».s ,s*t*u- i»v..m Km
taitr.inlW "Timlfs," *M I'isl'si s’* "Ttr-*■ f Tdr c ir
tbit lend thy tippler onto, tnikct.i.e«* rtiui rum. hot Rf-;
atrtu- Desist 11 lit. Iviilic irou the Nativo l. ‘t» and llcrlu
fef (V.llfontln. free from ell Alroltcllr Htlitiu*
lame. TifrywWjfJItKAT Ml.Ortll 1*1 IfX
II til mid A I.in: (lit ISi(* I’ll 1 t 1 Pl.t,
n perfect Renovator end I ivigor tor of the Syddii.
Pur ry eng off all (Kit so I '.I >11* matte' nul moritij! UitlliMd
to tt In nlthy condtl.t'n. No (icrioii qui lake thc.ni U*:
tort i.'rudinK to dUfrt-tIons and mnaln long rtnwefl,
prc’.ld.d thrir bouts Hi* tnd destroyed l.y tolaeeul
tnnotior clbcr means, -id K.c r!t;.l iTyutt uauj
Lei on it the poit.i i f r-;a:r.
Tli.'y nro n (lentil- FitrgntlTC ft'. writ rts
Toulr, puucv.in,, i wiiih.tr rlrii of Biting
u .1) OH Cl rill Ip-Id in r< In-ill ft l.'-npritliill or Inflict
nation of the I.tri r, stul rll IheVloml I'nrtm*.
FOK rCK.l lit CO M I’l.A I NTM. m>otn>gM
ol I, married m ungit. it ti.c ii is n of v> otitaiihoud or tt
Ihe turtt of life, these 1 mile hitters have no r<|tta!.
I'jr IdSautt'iidory nu<l Ikrttulr Khruiun
lls.i cud C.oi.t, I'y*pi;»ii.i or ludiirsliqa,
Ttlilout, l?rml:tcm mid Inlrrtnlilrul He
11 r>< l)i*rit*c' ol the lllnol. I.leer, Kid*
unt nud lllatldor* these IIIllt-r* base Ik-t-i itvtot
n-i-fttf 1 Moeli lllteHoen nre ritisrilby Tlllolrti
llloodi which n-iiuctiiily |tr»lco<1 by dcrani gitw-l t
of the illnrmlto (Irci'iib
wtmpeihiA (lit im')1i:f,mt:ox. r: .1
rrhe, Fslit lit theBlioitlder*. Coughs, Tightness of the
find. Ditiia*.B->Cf Erncut out i f the Hinmarh.
Dad Tits’r In the Vo th. B.lm.is Attacks Pal ttsatlbn of
too Heart. luksmmtloti f the bun.". Paid la the re
gions of’he hi ine» m uni r. hundred other tcmful »f mp
tutru. try* lb< eiCpHniul t f Dys-isptM.
They inTljoraU- th* H!--tiJsch and stimulate th* tnr|*l I
Liter au 1 Bo-wit. which realtor them of uneauallet
eflleji.-v la rl-astini Ihe flood of utl iuij-urltles. snd liti*
parting n»* Ilfs amt Tltor to the slink- system.
Ft)U >l» IN DIMRAMICM. Eruptions.Tetter. Salt
Rheum, Rlotehrs, Spots. Pitni-les. Pustules, Boils, Car*
lm Uriel. Rlnc-W arms Hi III If -ad Sore BrssfnN
l«v I
llisecses of Ike Skill, of s'later .*r iiAoe Or Itilurs. *fii
ItUrr lit dug 11,1 an l carried it ofthe *l«-in In si ,-rt
time by the mu-cl time lillt. tine t* In stlvli
eit.r» trill ronvtc th* most lucreJubjuit Ih.-lr cura

b ai.M the Vi'ls’ed Lined whenever you tiud Its in
purlins Imrsihig tlirou.l, tha skla (n Pinnies, Lr-ip
tbiiis or Sores cleanse It tiben yuu (nd It obstruct,*!
and sluggish In th* sains: gl.ants It when It Islcsl,
and your fe'linys will Utl you when. Kv*p the hi <d
pur*, and tin- lu-allh nf th* srstem srtt! f.dlotr.
Fill, Tnpr. ninl other W arms, lurking la the
System of so tugs,.-' (liOustDilr, srt iftc ‘tujlly destroyed
and remnstsl. Bats a di>tin<ui,li*d phrstolcuHit,
there is scarcely an indiynliisl upou the fucc of tho
earth who*.* hs«ly Is ex.-mpt Ihun the pr-s-no- of
worms. It is uct ii;miii the healthy el. iumts of iff*
ho-ly that worms exist. l>ot upon th» ,t(-cu«.d humors
and slimy di-pout* that hrcnl thus* Using taousUrs of
d*tca.tc. No Hystem of Mrdirln*. no termlfngs*1. t-n
antheln-.lntlr* will free the sysltm front worms Ilk*
tiiciv Bitb-rs.
J. WALKER. Proprietor. It. II. MCDONALD A CO.,
Druggists and flen. A«- it*. Han Y mnrUfn, ralif.»riil4,
and tud 14 Conmiirctf N««r fort
fcTt«ULU liY ALL liitLUlilFT^ A.ND LKALLIU.
31 n> 0, 1*71 1 v.
Ayer’s Cherry Pectoral,
For Diseases of tho Throat and Lungs,
such os Coughs, Colds, Whooping
Cough, Bronchitis, Asthma,
and Consumption.
probably never before In the whole history rtf
medicine, ha* any thing won so widely ami so
deeply upon thu coulldeucc of mankind, as this
excellent remedy lor pulmonary complaints.
Through a long scries of years, nml among most
of tin races of men it has nscu lugtiei and higher
in their estimation, n» it ha* become better knowh.
Jis uniform character and power to cure Uio va
rious affections of tho lungs and throat, have
nude it know n ns a reliable protector against
them. While adapted to milder forms of di-ca -o
mid to voting eliilui. o. U Is at thu ramu time tho
most effectual remedy that can be given for Incip
ient coiisumptioi. and the dangerous aflbrtfi
of tile throat und lungt. As u provision against
sudden attacks of Croup. It should he kept ou
hand m every family, and indeed as ail are t mm
times subject to cold* and cough*, all should bo
provided with tills antidote for them.
Although settled Conluu.ption is thought in
curable, still great numbers of cases where tho
disease seemed settled, have been completely
curid, and the patient restored to sound health
by the Cherry Pectoral, ho complete is its
mastery over the disorders of the i.i.iiv* and
Throat, that the most obstinate of them yield to It.
When nothing else couid reach them, under the
Cherry Ptrioral they subside and disappear.
Mayn't a n’t Public Speakert laid great
protection froth It.
Asthma is always relieved nr.d olten wholly
cured by it
Hronchitit U generally cured by taking tho
Cherry Pectoral in -mull and freijueat don
tk> generally are its virtues known, that wo
need not publish the ccrtilh-ates of them In nr
do mom than assure the public that its ijtialllies
arc fully maintained.
Ayer’s Ague Cure,
For Fewer and Aguo, Intermittent Fover,
Chill Fever, lloiuiHcnt Fever, Dumb
Aguo, Periodical or Bilious Fever, Ac.,
and indeed all the affections which art so
from malarious, marsh, or miasmatio
poisons.
Aa its name Impties, it does Cure, niltl doe* not
fhil. Containing neither Arsenic, Quinine, Bis
muth, /.ms, nor any other nuncral or potsimoas
substance whatever, it lu nowise injure* any pa
tient. The numlx-rund importance of it* Wires
in the ague districts, are literally beyond account,
ond we believe w ithout a parallel In the history
ol' Ague medicine. Our pride Is gratifod by Hie
acknowledgments wc receive of the radical cures
effected in obstinate cases, and when: othsr rent
ed>cs Imd wholly tailed.
T’nocelimated persons, either resident in. or
travelling through miusmalic localities, will bo
protected by taking the AG IT PC Hr. dally.
For hirer Complaints, arising from torpid
ity of the Liver, Ills an excellent remedy, stimu
lating the Liver tnto healthy activity.
For Bilious Disorders and Liver Complaint/, It
is an excellent remedy, producing many truly
remarkable cures, where other medicine* had
folic*].
Prepared by Dr. J. C. Aver A CO., Practical
and Analytical chemists, Lowell, Mass., an<l
sold all round the world.
PRICK, $1.00 PER EOTTf.E.
I K I It'S CHOCOLATE, *t In u fur ruin
|„r. by II. Ill ON' l.l'CA
M!*BOVED double shovel Ploughs, for sale by
May 0,1*71. JAR. LAW. IIOOFF.
IHAMHERS’cd brat'd Virginia Uitt.-rs. a -ure
j cure for Uytpepiia, and the* brat Tonic Bit
!.r extant. <1. W. CilAMBERH.
Harper's Ferry, Atig. 20, 1*71.
l)i'KE rider Vinegar, two years old, Kob't.
Duke'.-! make, sharp as a r.u >r. at
CHAMBERS'
Harpei’s Ferry, April 22,1*71.
S'EWAKK Champagne Cider, spaikling ami
biigbt at CHAMBERS’.
VYIS WI1IHK Y. the titire«t. and in fart tho
only coppet d»ulh.'l Vthukvin the county,
i CHAMBERS.
H.AGETT’S Superior X X I’< it- r and Ale in
bottles. put up expressly tor family use. at
llaiper’* Ferry, Aug. Lb. CIIAMBEUS.
A I A T1SOVS Improved Breast Pomp. This
tI I’ump is unique ami uulike anv other ip the
lancet. 11 Will twit cow pr« st the m ilk duet', Well
the cause <>f so much pain and suffering in other
reast pumps. It procure# a painless flour of milk
nd it a preventive of sore nipple* and broken
reast*. for sale bv
Sepu 1871. C. K. HELLER.
I HIE Alexandra Feeding Bottle. This bottle
1ns an advantage over all others in shape, it
;a Bat and upright bottle combined, canbecmp
ed t» the last drop and its peculiar formation pre
ludes ti»“ possibility of leakage in any positioifit
iav be plated, for sale by
Sept. 'J, 1*71. C. E. HELLER
SCHOOL Books embracing ail that is used in
our public schools. Also, a large stock id
etler, Cap and Note Paper, Envelope* of all
vies and sirs*. Pens, Holder*. Lead Pencils, Slates
lack, Blue, Violet anti Bed Ink*, for sale bv.
C. K. BEELER.
Harper’* Ferry, Sept. 8, 1871.
ITTE rail attention to cur st< k of Smoking
Tobacco’*, Pride of Virginia, Dniluni and
(her popular brand*. Also, au unrivaled Cigar
tr 5 Cents.
Sept. J*t, 1871. W. S. MASON.