The Democrat.
Office Up-Stairs on the Corner of the Public Synare.
Granite Row
Senator Blair in the South.
His Vieics on the Coming Campaiyn At
titude of the Southern Democracy The
Prospect.
Moxtoomehy, OcUthcr 20. Senator Blair, who is
here as one of the sub lv KIux Committee, made a
speech last night. The following is au extract of it
us published in the Advertiser
Fellow-citizens There are some questions grow
ing out of the position of the South which I feel
called upon to mention, but with diffidence, and
disclaiming any purpose of giving anything like ad
vice to the people of the South. I have read letters
and speeches by distinguished men of the South
which touches ail the South, and all who sympathize
with the South in other portions of the country.
I have seen it proposed that in the next Demo
cratic Convention to be held for the nomination of
a candidate for President of the United States the
South should forbear to take anjr part whatever,
and that the South should decline to be represented,
but should accept whatever candidate the Demo
crats of the North may see proper to oiler. I dis
sent entirely from that proposition. 1 think I may
liave the protest of every Democrat in the West and
North. Renewed applause. The triumph of the
Democratic party is tae safety of the South, and
who should guard its safety but Southern men 'i If
they fail, why may not also others fail .My fellow
citizens, a triumph which will relieve you is the
thing the South. looks to, and looks to alone. They
have no questions of personal favorites to be ad
vanced; to them all Democrats are alike; their
choice will fall upon him who is most likely to
carry that banner to triumph.
If the South fails to give us the benefit of her
wise counsel if she fails to send her prudent and
wise men, who will go there with an eye-single to
success'; if they leave the Democrats of the North
to struggle for a nomination amidst the contending
factious of the aspirants, she will withhold from us
the benefit of the wisest and most impartial counsel
we can have. If she should abstain even upon the
ground stated by some of the distinguished gentle
men who advocate this course, and who say that
their presence in the convention in 1808 was laid
hold of and used to the destruction of the Demo
cratic party, I tell you that their absence now will
be claimed as a refusal to go with the Northern
Democrats because they have adopted the new de
parture. It will be claimed that the spirit of rebellion still
lingers and burns under the smouldering ashes, and
it Is lighted into a new Haine of indignation because
the Democratic party of the North, or a large por
tion of them, have assumed, for reasons which
seemed good to them, to make certain concessions
in their platform. It would be suicidal, it would
Imj the destruction of your veiy best interests. 1 do
not know how well it is know n, but to those who
care for my opinion it is known that I am no friend
of the new departure, but I believe in the patriotism
and the purity of the motives of those who have
chosen that path, But while I shall still hold to the
opinion which I have heretofore expressed, and
shall not yield one inch of my owa convictions as
to the constitutionality of the usurpations of the
radical party, I am willing to fight the radicals in
any shape the democratic party may determine.
It is well understood that the Republican party
contains in itself si eds of discontent, of bitterness,
of rivalry and disaffection, anil it is natural in these
preliminary elections that those who antagonize the
nomination of (Jen. Grant should attempt to hold
their position within their party in order that their
influence may be used to defeat his nomination. I
know that his nomination will not be defeated, at
least that is my solemn conviction that he is now
dictator in the Republican party, ami that he aspires
to be in the country at large. 1 believe that he will
dictate his own nomination, but then I know that
some of the most conspicuous, able and courageous
men, who stand highest in the Radical party, will
1 -avethe Republican party w hen Grant is nominate
And again, instead of going for a uew departure,
I wo:ild"prefcr to go for a man who represents the
new departun I would prefer to give that guar
antee to the disaffected Republicans' rather than to
go back upon my own principles. I would prefer
to make a choice of Republicans, and go for a man
who should be nominated by the disaffected Repub
licans, or, what would be better, one who might be
nominated by the democracy, and thus draw to us
by Hinuch stronger guarantee than the mere words
of a platform the support of those who are disaf
fected with Grant and the radical party. -In other
words, I don't see that we go back on our principles
in making a choice between candidates neither of
whom may suit us. We could all vote for a Repub
lican who was in favor of universal amnesty against
the Ku KIux bills, and against t lie mil ilary laws.
When the most ancient Bourbon in the State of
Alabama could vote for such a Republican in pre
ference to U. S. Grant, and hold all the time to his
very heart all that there would be of his Bourbonism.
My fellow-citizens, the State of Virginia has
adopted this policy. That State which furnished
the illustrious statesmen and illustrious warriors,
who were the foremost in the struggle for our inde
pendence that State which gave to us a long line
of illustrious Presidents; that State which in our
unfortunate war, alter guiding the councils of the
nation for so many j'ears, furnished the heroes and
statesmen of the Southern Confederacy that State
which not even Radical reconstruction could sub
ject to a scallawag or carpet-bagger; that State
which was cleft in twain by the Radical Congress to
add to their power by duplicating its Representa
tives in the Senate in order to oppress the South,
and which the wise sons of Virginia have erected
into two fortresses for the defence of their country.
Shall the democracy of the South fail to follow the
counsels of the Old Dominion? Why we have
taken hold of an example in Missouri. Trammeled
with election laws, and disfranchised, we have risen
ami rent the bonds which bound us, and I believe
that the State of Missouri will at the next Presiden
tial electh n give a larger majority than any other
State for the candidate of the Democratic party.
The men of foreign birth who have come "here
are neither for the North nor the South; they are
not identified with any one section of our country
in the sense of those who are native born are identi
fied with the particular section in w hich they were
lHrn they came ami are made citizens of the whole
country, and all parts of it, and while upon the
question which recently divided us they sided with
the North, (it is natural that they should do so, be
cause naturally they looked upon this country as one
and undivisible,) and now with the same sentiment
in their hearts, they cannot sec why one section of
the country should be subjected to the other. In
1113- judgment these are the men to whom we have
to look in the coming struggle. They have come
from countries where despotism is practiced, and
they know its badges and signs better than we do,
who have never known them. They know the
subtle manner in which tyranny will make its ap
proach, and already recognizing it in the leading
man, the ablest representative of our adopted citi
zens is now proclaiming his hostility to Grant and
his administration, declaring in the face of the
world hat he has taken his departure
and burned his ships. I do not think that any one
will fail to recognize the description. I speak of
my colleague inTthe Senate, Carl Schurz. lie it
was, my fellow -citizens, who led the entire German
clement in the State of Missouri to break down the
disfranchising clause of our constitution, and array
ed his fellow-countrymen as one man against the
administration; and despising thoofiiees of Grant,
despising his patronage ami power, resolved to pre
serve that free love which America has given to
him and his countrymen.
Now, my fellow-citizens, the Germans in Missouri,
although Republicans almost to a man, have always
voted against disfranchising those who were op
xsed to them during the war. They needed no in
structions on that point from anybody, and they
resolutely maintained the doctrine that neither
'ongress nor the States could by a bill of attainder
deprive men of the right of suffrage. They main
tained that position in the last contest through
which we passed in Missouri; they hold it good
against the blandishments and threats of the ad
ministration they stand firmly and squarely to-dav.
solidly to the last man, against all disfranchisement
ami for universal amnesty. They are opposed to
the Ku KIux legislation and against suspending
the writ of luibenn corpus and, iu my judgment, if
llie Democratic party will now put forward a man as
the candidate of the party, or accept one who may
be put forward by others," who is sound upon these
principles, he will receive the support of the entire
German vote in the United States, numbering, a I
have been informed from 300,000 to 800,000 men.
tSuHe
North Carolina News Items.
JJaux BcnxT. We regret to learn of the
burning of the barn of our friendJ. P. Rich
ardson, of this county, by incendiaries on
Sunday morning the 22d. The loss is con
siderable. Four or five thousand pounds of
fodder, a quantity of shucks, one mule, &c,
were burnt. The finger of suspicion points
directly to the perpetrators of this devilish
deed, and we hope they may be brought to
justice. IVadesboro Herald.
Davidson Collkge. The Trustees of
this popular Institution met 011 the 24th
instant, to elect a President, or Professor
of Moral and Mental Philosophy. The
Board judged it to be inexpedient, at the
present time to elect a President but pro
ceeded to fill the chair of Metaphysics by
the election of Rev. T. I). Witherspoon,
1). D. now Chaplain of the Univerity of
Virginia. Dr. W., we learn, is a j'oung
man, but a ripe scholar; and it is hoped he
will accept the position. The Trustees, as
well as the professors, seem anxious to try
the experiment, so successful elsewhere, of
governing the Institution by a chairman of
the Faculty, without a President. This, we
believe, is the custom of the University of
Virginia, and in the great Universities of
the old world. Salisbury Watchman.
Commutation" of the Death Pexalty.
His Kxcellency Governor Caldwell com
muted the death sentence of Charles Gilmer
of Guilford, to twenty years in the Peniten
tiary. This negro was convicted at a late
term of the Court in Guilford, of a rape on
a little negro girl onlv ten years old. But
being a kind of half witted boy, the Fore
man, six of the Jury, the Judge and seventy-five
citizens, among whom we find the
names of Jno A Gilmer, Jas M Morehead,
Cyrus P Mendenhall, Jas T Morehead, Wm
W Steiner, John M Staples, Peter II Adams
and L M Scott, united in a petition to the
Governor fur a commutation of the sentence,
which was granted. llaleiyh Carolinian.
Ixvalids Bedstead. Among the most
useful and attractive articles exhibited at
the State Fair last week was an invalid's
bedstead, by Mr Lewis Laugenhour of For
sythe county. It is so arranged that the
invalid can, by means of cords working in
pulleys, easily adjust himself to any position
that may be most comfortable. lie may lie
down at full length, elevate himself to a re
clining position or sit upright, as his ease
and comfort may require. Before him is a
writing table as easily adjusted to his wants;
and altogether it is one of the most inge
nious and useful inventions ever patented,
and is bound to supercede every other in
vention of the kind. llaleiyh Era.
IAt the recent Cotton Fair in St.
Louis, Messrs. Geo W Barefoot, C II Wood
ard and Brittin Forbes, of Wilson comity,
X. C, took respectively the first, second
and third premiums for the finest staple up
land cotton from the Southern States. When
it is taken into consideration that a large
number of bales, representing every cotton
growing State, competed for the premiums,
this is no small honor for Wilson county.
Miss Faxxie Fisher. The Appletons
have just issued "Morton House," by "Chris
tian Reid" Miss Fannie Fisher, of Salis
bury, grand daughter of the late Judge Cald
well. The work is pronounced by compe
tent critics one of rare design and unexaiu-
CD
pled merit. llaleiyh Carolinian.
As a good many reports, newspaper
and otherwise, have been spread abroad re
lative to the unfortunate difficulty at the
late Term of Davie Superior Court, we are
happy to state that Mr. David Call, who
was cut by Col. W. B. March, has so far
recovered as to be able to return to his
home, and his physicians pronounce him
out of danger.
Goxe to Lincoln. Deputy Marshals
Bosher, Clarke and Womble have gone to
Lincoln county with their pockets full of
Commissioner's warrants for the arrest of
citizens of that county on charges of Ku
Kluxing. Why can't this sort of thing
stop in our State? llaleiyh Carolinian.
i5?" It is reported that Minister Settle
has resigned his mission to Peru and will
soon reach home. Republican aspirants to
the gubernatorial position will find him a
very prominent competitor, unless we are
very much mistaken. (h'eenshoro Patriot.
Judge Buooks. A gentleman just up
from Xewbern says that the injuries sus
tained by Judge Brooks in his fall the oth
er day, in that city, are quite painful if not
serious. llaleiyh Carolinian.
Capt. Tucker is the Conservative
candidate in Iredell county, for the House
of Representatives, made vacant by the
resignation ot Mr. Hill.
Petition" from Lincoln. Thirty-four
of the leading citizens of Lincoln county,
among whom we recognize Gen. J. F.Hoke,
Wm. Reinhardt, Messrs John F. and Geo.
F. Phifer, James A. Caldwell, Vardry A.
Me Bee, B. S. Johnson, and others, have
petitioned the President for the pardon of
Henry Baxter, under sentence of two years
in jail for kukluxing, 011 his own confession.
A Duelling Incident
An indiscreet gentleman, who had given
offense to a young lady in Louisville, Ky., a
few days since, was challenged bv the that-is-to-be
husband of the insulted. "While the
challenged party was reading the invitation
to go out and be shot, his little daughter
came up and said, "Papa, mother wants
you!" The father then turned to the challenge-bearer
and said, "This is my little girl,
whose happiness and education" and living
would be taken from her were I to be killed.
I have also a wife and a baby whose welfare
I must look to. This meeting, if fatal to me,
would deprive them of their only support.
My opponent is a young man, without wife
or children, or family. He has very little
to lose." The challenge-bearei was'almost
melted to tears. The picture just drawn
was true to life, and he determined tore
turn to his principal and ask for a compro
mise. The latter was a high-toned, chival
rous Kentucky gentleman, whose heart at
once responded to the appeal for mere v. A
compromise was effected. It was agreed
that the duel should be postponed tiTl the
first party got married and became the
father of children. Then they will both be
011 an equal footing and can test each other's
courage.
(Bhavloiie cmocvai, (BhavloUe,
The Ku KIux and Suspension of the Writ
of Habeas Corpus.
From the New York Herald.
A suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
by the federal government in any of the
States in a time of general peace would have
been regarded formerly as a very serious
matter. Botli Americans and English all
people of the Anglo-Saxon race have ever
carefully guarded their civil rights as pro
tected by the writ of habeas corpus, and
have taken alarm at the first step to deprive
them of these rights. The writ of habeas
corpus has been regarded as the bulwark of
liberty, and it is this which more than any
thing else led to the freedom that we enjoy.
But times have changed. Our late civil
war and the demoralization which resulted
from it have destroyed in a measure that
watchfulness of the American people over
their liberties and jealousy of the encroach
ment of arbitrary power. Now the Presi
dent of the United States suspends the writ
of habeas corpus in a section of our common
country and little notice of it is taken, as if
it were a matter of ordinary occurrence or
of no importance as if, in fact, no great
principles were involved. The proclamation
of the President, dated Washington, Octo
ber 17, 1871, places the counties of Spartan
burg, York, Union, Chester, Laurens, New
bury, Fairfield, Lancaster and Chesterfield,
South Carolina, under martial law, on the
ground that combinations and conspiracies
exist to obstruct and hinder the execution
of the civil law, and that the federal govern
ment is called upon to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus and to govern by military
authority, in accordance with the act of
Congress passed last April. If the public
mind were not so demoralized and so indif
ferent to this exercise of military authority
in time of general peace there would be more
searching inquiry as to the causes for or
necessity of this extraordinary action of the
government.
Fortunately, the independent press of this
country is free to discuss the conduct of the
government and to call public attention to
this important matter. The independent
press, as Junius said, is the palladium of
our civil and religious liberties. Let us see,
then, what foundation there was for pro
claiming martial law and creating such a
dangerous precedent for exercising arbitrary
power in this free republic. The President
tells us iu his proclamation that combina
tions and conspiracies exist in the counties
placed under martial which cannot be reach
ed by the civil law, and these he calls re
bellious and insurrectionary. By this he
means what is generally known as the Ku
KIux. The changes are rung on such ex
pressions as conspiracies, organized and
armed combinations, violence, defiance of
the constituted authorities, and so on, but
there is no evidence of rebellion or insur
rection either in the sense generally under
stood or of the constitution of the United
States. The law of Congress on which lie
bases his action may have given a new in
terpretation to rebellion or insurrection
which was never meant in the constitution,
and he may be acting strictly in conformity
with that. But "the lawlessness of a few in
dividuals, which at most only extends to a
sort of lynch law in punishing obnoxious
persons or those who are guilty of crimes,
cannot be construed into rebellion against
the government. In fact, there has been no
such rebellion or insurrection. Nor have
the proper constituted local authorities
called upon the federal government to sus
pend the civil law, as is required by the
constitution.
Governor Scott, of South Carolina, when
asked less than three weeks ago if he were
CD
opposed to martial law, replied, "Most un
equivocally I am, and those men who are so
clamorous for martial law are pursuing a
mistaken policy." lie said, moreover, that
he had no idea General Grant would declare
martial law, that he (the Governor) was not
in favor of it, and that he thought the civil
law was more efficient. What better au
thority does the administration want than
the Governor of the State, who is one of its
own partisans? Then the State is under
radical government, and most of the author
ities in it are opposed to martial law. The
clamor for such an arbitrary measure comes
from only a few reckless and corrupt disor
ganizes and aspirants for office from men
who have little interest at stake in the State
beyond what they can make out of the offi
ces or the disruption of civil government.
No doubt there have been deplorable out
rages upon individuals by local bands, and
probably the Civil Rights bill of Congress
may have been violated in some cases. No
good citizen would attempt to justify these.
But such crimes are not peculiar to South
Carolina. Crimes as bad or more heinous
are committed in all the States, and it would
be easy enough to attribute them to Ku
KIux if it should suit the federal govern
ment to do so for political ends. Indeed,
there might be no limit to federal interfer
ence in the local affairs of the several States,
or even in this city of New York, if the pro
clamation of martial law is to follow" the
commission of similar crimes as those perpe
trated in South Carolina. Should the clamor
of a few partisan politicians be heeded more
than the principles of local self-government,
upon which the fabric of our institutions
rests, there will be an end to civil liberty.
The President believes, perhaps, he is do
ing his duty. We are not willing to think
otherwise. But, unfortunately, he is not a
civilian, and has little opportunity to study
State affairs iu the light of civil and consti
tutional law. His training has been military
and his mind is imbued with military ideas.
I No doubt he is a patriot and wishes welt to
the country, and believes, probably, that he
has intuitively the same capacity to govern
in peace as tie had to command in war; but
if he would have his name go down to pos
terity as a statesman he must leave the
camp ami drop the sword1 he must in time
of peace respect above all things the civil
law and rivil liberty. And will he not have
some regard for the anomalous and trjung
situation of those poor Southerners, who,
though they erred, are a brave and high
spirited people of our own race and blood
Can he not see the humiliating position they
are placed in, particularly in South Caro-
I lina, in being political slaves to their former
uoiue.Miu siaves an intelligent .ana culti
vated imputation put under the rule of ig
norant and semi-savage negroes and corrupt
strangers, who have little or no interest in
the State, except to rob it Has he 110
boyels of compassion for these unfortunate
people of our own blood under such trying
circumstances We think, as we said be
fore, that he means well but lie has been
led,, doubtless, lo extreme measures, which
are cruel to the people of South Carolina
and dangerous to civil liberty, by partisan
and narrow-minded politicians, who care
only for their own immediate interests. The
President should know that he can make
more political capital and win the good will
of the generous American people, both North
and South, more by a kind and liberal poli
cy to the Southerners than by military coer
cion. "Let us have peace," seems to be his
favorite motto, and he can have peace in the
South, as well as good will everywhere, by
abandoning his military idea of government
and making the civil law supreme in every
section of our common country.
Great Fires in History.
Fire has ever been at once the
createst
blessing and scourge 01 the human race.
While ministering to human wants, it has
never failed to give to war redoubled horrors,
and invest peace with uncertainty and dread.
The dreadful scenes at the fall of Troy are
invested with a lurid, ghastly splendor
when Homer describes the demoniac
flames bursting from the devoted city, roar
ing and battling with the clouds, while the
Greeks, frenzied with victory, and madden
ed by their ten years' absence from their
wives and children, rush through the blaz
ing streets and slaughter the Trojans in
their ancestral halls. When Alexander re
turned from the Hydasphes and entered
Persepolis, the mysterious and wonderful
capital he revenged himself for the Grecian
cities which had been ravaged with fire and
sword 171 years before by burning that
city, of which the sublime Chehelminar, or
Forty Pillars, alone remain to bear actual
evidence of its former greatness. A century
later the world was appalled by the confla
gration that swept Carthage into oblivion.
In her last melancholy struggle with Rome,
Emilianius, the beseiging General, caused
fire to be applied to the houses as the only
means of gaining a footing within the walls.
The city was allowed to burn six days when
the flames were extinguished. On her final
subjugation, Rome's inexorable decree,
Carthayo delenda est" was carried into
effect. The city was set on fire and in
many quarters at once the renewed confla
gration raged with incredible fury for 18
days. Here, unlike at Chicago, the flames
were assisted rather than resisted by man
but so vast in extent and so tilled .with
treasure was the African metropolis, that
for 23 days the smoke of her burning palaces
and ware-houses ascended.
In time Rome herself was burned. The
fire raged for six days and seven nights,
and out of fourteen quarters only thre
escaped unharmed. The origin of this
dreadful calamity is involved in doubt,
although the frequent occurrence ot minor
fires in Rome lends probability to the as
sumption that it was due to accident. So
common were conflagrations in Rome that
Crajssus amassed much of his great wealth
by speculating on these calamities. When
a fire broke out he would hasten to the
scene with a gang of slaves, and would in
duce the affrighted householders to part
with their burning property at considerable
under its value. He would then employ his
slaves in arresting the flames, and after
wards would have the buildings repaired.
In this Avay he became landlord of a great
part of Rome.
Constantinople has suffered most of ail
places from fire. Early in the reign of Jus
tinian it was the scene ot the greatest con
flagration known to history, and to the pre
sent day the Turkish capital retains its pro
verbial liability to the ravages of fire.
The burning of Moscow was perhaps more
remarkable in its character and ultimate ef
fect than any other conflagration recorded.
It changed at one stroke the fortunes of Na
poleon, and delivered Russia from the in
vader. Napoleon had advanced with suc
cessive victories 2,000 miles from his capi
tal, and at length entered the Russian capi
tal with nearly 200,000 men, when the city
was fired. The French soldiers shot the
incendiaries, bayoneted them, tossed them
into the flames, still the gangs plied their
work. The tire continued with unabated
furv for three days, until nothing was left
to Moscow save the remembrance of its for
mer grandeur.
War on the Chinese in California.
At Los Angelos a fight occurred in the
Chinese quarter, when officer Baldwin at
tempted to arrest a Chinaman for shooting
another. He was resisted, and called 011
Robert Thompson, a citizen, to assist him.
The Chinese opened fire on both of them,
and lhompson fell dead immediately. Otfi
cer Baldwin was shot, but escaped on horse
back. A mob soon collected and attacked
the whole Chinese quarter. They were re
sisted by the Chinese, when five hundred
armed men surrounded the quarter to pre
vent any ot the Chinese from escaping
Fifteen Chinamen were hanged by the mob
and their houses fired. The fire, however,
was extinguished.
Later. The Chinese at Los Angelos
number about fifty. The mob was deter
mined to make them leave the citv. Before
hanging them the mob fired on them from
the roofs, killing one and wounding several.
Quiet lias been restored.
Such horrid feelings as I experience no one can
imagine. I feel despendent, as though something
awful was going to happen. Use Simmons' Liver
Regulator, if you would avoid such feelings.
Oct. 30, 1871.
Large Stock of Goods.
Come and see large Stock of black and colored
SILKS.
Come and sec large Stock Embroideries,
Come and see large stock Ribbons.
Come and see large stock Laces,
Come and see large stock Dress Trimmings,
Come and sec large stock Ladies Dress Goods,
Come and see large stock Ladies Cloaks, in BREM.
BROWN fc CO S New Department for Ladies.
Large Stock Shawls, large stock Flannels, large
stock Domestic Goods, at the Dry Goods Store of
BREM, BROWN CO.
Large Stock of Carpets, at the Dry Goods Store
of
.UKtAl, UKOWjN CO.
Large stwk Clothing, large stock Fancy Cassi
meres, large stock Gents' Furnishing Goods, large
stock Hats, large stock Boots, large stock Shoes, at
BREM, BROWN CO S
Oct 23, 1871. Dry Goods Store
"3iT.t,
A Strange Story.
Correspondence of the North Carolinian.
rni r..n ,m t -u-fis criven me
while on my trip to this place by the gen
tleman who signs his name it is a strange
u.. Un nntlpmin who told
BLUI V IIIUCCU UUt H'- j-.
me 6f it, and wrote out the account, seemed
intelligent ana irutniui, miy.
firmly and solemnly impressed with the
truth of the incidents. I offer it to you and
trust yOU Will pUUIlSU It as a umwci
tesy. I know not how to bel1eve.1t, out me
man who told the story seemed so earnest
and upright about the matter that I felt
constrained to receive nis xesiimouv
i- 1 ..1 -1 1 nc mil
present it 10 you ior jniuunuun.
Respectfull-, Wm. II. Lyox.
About three vears since a man appeared
to me, John Scott of Hertford county, N. C,
by the name of Nathan Beale, who was cer
tainly killed at the seven day's fight around
Richmond I saw him about three days
after he was killed, saw" him buried, and
saw the wound, which was by a musket ball,
in the left side; the ball passing through
This I swear as an absolute fact and now
I tell what has since appeared to me and
several others, and to which I will also take
oath. About three years since at Franklin
Depot, on the Sea-Board Road, I, John
Scott, W. E. Hauls, S. E. Beale, cousin to
deceased, and A. JU. Gardiner, ot .Southamp
ton county, Va., did then and there see and
I spoke to the same rsathan Beale, and when
we came to him I said, "Is this not Nathan
Beale and he replied, "It is." I said
"where have you been he answered, "I
am dead," and then I replied, "Where are
you going he said "That is for me to
know." These were the words spoken. He
walked off. I have not seen him since. This
can be sworn to by all the above men. Now
I leave to the world and spiritualists to an
swer what was, what is, and what does it
mean Strange as this story may appear
to those who may read it, yet I am willing,
and so are the others, to take oath to the
above facts, before any honorable magis
trate. I hereby sign my name, and acknowl
edge myself as a truthful, believing and sin
cere man, with no disposition to deceive or
im pose upon a reading public. The deceased
and myself were boys together; and I now
conclude by solemnly swearing to the above
facts. J. L. Scott,
Murfreesboro', Hertford Co., N. C.
The above may be believed by those who fear
ghosts. Ed.
FOR SALE.
Two Slides, one Grey Marc and one Two-Horse
Wagon, being cheap stock will be sold low for Cash.
Call on R. 31. MILLER SONS.
Oct. 13, 1871.
FIRE INSURANCE.
We offer you protection against loss hy Fire in
the Imperial of London, North British and Mercan
tile Insurance Companies of London and Edinburg,
Continental of New York, Andes of Cincinnati,
Ohio, all of which Companies passed unshaken
through the fiery ordeal in Chicago, and each of
which, while the smoke of the doomed city still
ascended from its ruins, telegraphed their Agents to
"adjust their losses promptly and draw for amounts
to pay them."
In either of these Companies we will issue rou
Policies of Insurance upon as liberal terms as can
be obtained from any Company of similar standing
in the United States.
We ask our friends who insure, as all prudent
business men and property holders do, to give us a
share of their patronage.
Office on Tryon Street, opposite the Bank of
Mecklenburg, Charlotte, N. C.
YOUNG COCHRANE,
Oct. 23, 1871. Agents.
A Splendid Stock of
FALL AND WINTER GOODS.
The undersigned takes great pleasure in infom-
ing the public that he has and is dairy receiving a
handsome and well selected stock of
Staple and Fancy Dry Goods,
LADIES' and GENTLEMEN'S FURNISHING
GOODS, Ready-made Clothing, Hats, Caps, &c, etc.
Particular attention is called to my
MILLINER Y UEPARTJIEXT,
Which is the largest, prettiest and cheapest ever
brought to this market.
A grand display of Bonnets, Hats, Flowers, Rib
l)ons, Velvets, Plush, Velveteen, Crapes, &c." Hats
and Bonnets trimmed to order after the latest and
most fashionable styles.
Those who purchase Trimmingg for Hats and
Bonnets, no charge will be made for the Frame.
Dry Goods Department.
My Dry Goods Department is complete, consist
ing of Dress Goods, Cloaks, Shawls, Embroideries,
Laces, Linen, Linen Sheeting and Pillow-Casing,
Linen and Damask Table Cloths, Towels, Napkins
and Doilies, etc., etc.
Furs Furs Furs
The handsomest stock of Furs ever brought to
Charlotte, and cheaper than the cheapest.
A call is respectfully solicited.
My Motto The Best Goods at the Lowest Prices.
Oct. 23, 1871. B. KOOPMANN.
State of North Carolina, Mecklenburg county
Superior Court.
Nancy Russell, Plaintitf, agninxt John McCoy and
wife and others, Defendants.
Special Proceedings for Dower.
Nancy Russell, Plaintiff, agninxt John McCoy and
wife and others, Defendants.
Special Proceedings for Partition.
It appearing to the satisfaction of the Court, that
Marj' Hood, wife of W. II. Hood, John C. Russell,
and Nancy Bales, wife of A. B. Bales, Defendants
in each of the above stated actions, are non-residents
of the State, it is, on motion, ordered by the Court
that publication be made, for six weeks, in the
"Charlotte Democrat," a newspaper published in
the City of Charlotte, notifying said parties to be
and appear before the Clerk of the Superior Court
for said county within 20 days, then and there to
answer the complaint in the above proceedings or
judgment will be taken against them pro c,nfeo
Witness, E. A. Ostorne, Clerk of our said Court,
at office in Charlotte, this the 10th day of Oct., 1871.
yi-Gw E. A. OSBORNE, C. S. C.
State of North Carolina, Cabarrus county.
,Ia Protxite Court.
James L. Morrison et. at.., in support of the last Will
and Testament of Jane 11. White, dee'd, against
Robert S. White et. al.
Caveat.
The Plaintiffs in this cam; having filed a petition
m this Court for the probate of the last Will and
1 estament of Jane II. White, dee'd, and Robert S.
yv lute and others, inteiested in the estate of said
deceased, come into Cnurt nH mta, .1.,.
probate of said Will, and it appearing to the Court
that the children of Sam'l Wolfe, dee'd, who are
heirs at law and next of kin to the said Jane H.
vv lute, whose names and ages are unknown, reside
beyond the limits of the State of North Carolina it
is, therefore, ordered by the Court that publication
tie made, for six successive weeks, in the Charlotte
Democrat, a newspaper published in the Citv of
Charlotte notifying the said children to appear at
the next Superior Court to be held for the county of
itou?100!1 ""use in Concord, on the
10th Monthly after the 4th Monday in September
Si pffSinV oSSl .anSW7' A
uie 1 lamtitts complaint, or the case will ho rr.
cecded with tz parte as to them Oct JJ 1871 P
01-Gwnri t .J?"N A- Mcdonald;
.u-Owpd Probate Judge of Cabarrus county.
The Cotton Crop.
It is evident now that the crop cf
this year will fall short of that of 1 87o atllt0n
nnA and ft ouarter millinno 1 l'ftist
i uaieg Ti
entire production of the Southern Stat
1871 will not aggregate more than tl r
millions of bales and msv ivc;ii ..nree
lftw this estimation, hut ran 1
possibility exceed it. any
It is not unreasonable to anticipate il
the sum total of value in dollars and c
of this year's crop will not materially n?
below the sum realized for the much la T
crop of 1870, and as a much larger quanF
of breadstuff's, and of meat, has beea 'ty
duced in the cotton growing and boM?
States, we may safely assume that the
eral condition of the South will be bjr'"
the coming year than it has been since tl
close of the war. In North Carolina
feel sure that there is a decided prospect f6
a bettered pecuniary -condition of tiT
people. e
MORRISS DAVIDSON
WlIOLKSALE AND RETAIL DEALERS is
All kinds of Furniture.
Trade Street, Charlotte, X. C.
Between Brem, Brown Co's and the Court H0lIS(
In addition to our large Stock of FURXlxrjp
we are receiving daily our Fall Stock, wkicU we
offering at greatly reduced rates. aw
Our Stock consists in part of Black Wilnf
Chamber Suits at f 90, $110, $120, $130 and S
also, Parlor Suits in Hair Cloth and Terry at tu
$120, $130, $140 and $150; Sofas from fc u;p
each Teatetes from $U0 to $85 a pair; Easy ChaiN
Parlor Chairs, Reclining Chairs, of different stvU
and qualities; Hat Racks, Ettasias, What-',t(
Side Boards, Bureaus, both marble top an', wuj
top, at prices from $10 to $50 each Chain, lth
wood and cane seats, of all descriptions; CaneS.ai
Chairs from $10 to $25 a set of (i Chairs; Itockfo,
Chairs, both cane seat and upholstered, from U
$24 each.
We also have on hand a large lot of
Cottage Steads,
At Wholesale and Retail, eitlier in the Stain or
Varnished, very low.
All we ask of those in need of anything in onr
line is to give us a call. It would take np toouweli
space to enumerate every thing we have; but
have every thing usually kept in a well regulated
Furniture Store.
We have Photographs of eyery thing made in the
Furniture line, and will order anything not on Laud
for a very small per cent. Give 119 a tall.
Undertaker's department
We keep constantly on hand all kinds and sizes
of those beautiful air-light JVIKTALIC BlltUL
CASES and CASKETS. Wood Collins of all cl.
criptions kept constantly on hand, and all order
promptly attended to, night op day.
MORRISS DAVIDSON.
Oct. 1G, 1871.
Notice Attention Customers.
All persons indebted to ine l,y account will please
come forward and settle immediately as I am com
pelled, to have tje money. I have been very indul
gent to my customers and hope they will not forart
C. SKIXXEIL
Oct. 241, 1871.
Cigars Cigars
First Attempt, just out Grand Duchesse, Southern
Gentleman, Bouquet, Purtiques, Sixteenth .Amend
ment, Notion Pride.
Oct. 23, 1871. C- SKINNER.
Picture Frames.
An Immense and very handsome lot Picture
Frames, just received at XLDDVS
Mouldings
For making frames of any size or style, at
Oct. 23, 1871. TlDDTSi
ET Leave your orders for Frames to be tmk
neat and with dispatch, at TIDDY'S.
Oct. 23, 1871.
Horse and Mule Shoes,
WALTER BREM'S Hardware Ston.
At
Door Locks! Door Locks!!
Different sizes, stvles and qualilv, at
WALTER BREM'S Hardware Store.
Guns! Guns!!
Call and see the $150 English Breech-LoaJiD;
Shot Gun direct from Europe, at
WALTER BREM'S Hardware Store:
Pistols! Pistols!!
Smith Wesson's, Colt's, Allen's, Sharp' aal
other popular and approved kinds, at
WALTER BREM'S Hardware Store.
Cartridges Cartridges
All kinds and sijys, at
WALTER BREM'S Hardware Store.
Wholesale and Retail Buyers
Will find upon examination of mv stock as well
selected and varied assortment of Hardware a."'!1
be found this side of Baltimore. My stock of PkW
Cutler' is undoubtedly the largest in the State, (w
and see me. I spare no pains to please mv patron
WALTER Il'KEMv
Mansion House Comer, Charlotte, V l
Oct. 23, 1871
GENTLEMEN'S GOODS.
PIIILLIIVS TREZEVAXT,
Granite lloic, Ciiaklott k, X.
Have the handsomest Goods for Gents' wear er
brought to this market. Gentlemen are inviM
call and examine the Stock of Cloths, Cas6iB'n,,
Hats, &c.
tW Goods will be made up to order, in Ue
sJyles, at short notice.
PHILLIPS TREZEVAT.
Charlotte, Oct. 10, 1871. No. 4, Granite-
M. B. HECHLER'S
STEAM SAUSAGE MANUFACTORY
I would most respectfully call the attention off
citizens of Virginia and North Carolina to
brated and famous Sausage, so well known u
States of Virginia and North Carolina.
This Sausage is manufactured entirely ty"
power, great care beinir taken in adding lbe 8
ings, which makes it the best Sausage inauuW1 .f
this side of Baltimore, and equal to any n
Baltimore or any where else. I am Vn'n9,
furnish Merchants, Grocers, Hotels, l&tuJJrf
Boarding Houses and Private Families into"?
small quantities.
I am satisfied I can trive satisfaction P 1
quality and quantity, as last winter's trade crti'
.'i a i. x U9 1111 111" Ul lltlf
to say that my patrons were always ph1
the Sausage I sent them. trM
Those in want and who are fond of afi sl
of Pork Sausage as well as all other kin.ffvuf it s?
it to their interest to address me. I su
m neat packages and ship to any pan 01
and warrant it to keep.
T Up. season i'
Sausage
Sausage commences about
the mutaie
t
and ends about the first of May, hut u"
Sausage I can send all times of the year. jf
on hand choice Racks and Loins of 1 or'
trimmed and not a particle of waste on tue"j,
fore the purchaser has nothing to throw a
EST For further particulars dCIlLER
i.nt tne v.
M. B. Hfc'il
52, 2d Market, Kicliw
V ihnington, Newlern, Tarboro, Entiel.t,
High Point, Salisbury, Charlotte, Concord ana
cities and town of North Carolina, and I Ir
No.
Oct 23, 1871
'3m