V■ HTli i:. hrvniu--ilse and Ohio Railroad
ll OoatrAav, Cabrieb'b Orpicß, Richmoxd, V*
November 3d, 1871.
The annual meeting of the Stockholders of lhe
'he*, peaks and Ohio Railroad Company will be
held lv the city of Richmond, on THURSDAY
th* 7th of December, IS7I.
The attention of the Stockholders is called to
the following extract from the liv-lnws of the
t 'ompany
"All proxies to ri-prescutStocklmlilcrs at a iron
eral meeting: shall be in writing, and signed hy
the person thus transfering the power partner
ships may sign In the name of partnerships ami
ihe signal ure of either member of tlie firm shall
be valid. No proxy shall be valid given more
than sixty days prior to the meeting ol ihe coni
"Thc books of transfer shall he closed fifteen
slays previous to any general meeting
»Q3—td J. GARRETT, Cashier
SAVINGS BANK.
iiEIMOVAL TO >K\V HANKIN.J ROOMS.
NO. 10 NORTH TENTH STREET.
HetweenJlaui and Hank Si reel,
NATIONAL FREEDMEN'S SAVINGS ANB»
t:HARTERED HY CONORESS, MARCH, 19S.V
DEPOSITS received ami PAYMENTS made
dally (excepting holidaya) from DA. M. to 4 I»
M., and on Saturday Evenings from., to 8 o'cloc*\
INTEREST at the rale of six per cent per an
uiim declared and com pounded In March..Tulv anil
November, on all sums of FIVE (fl) DOT.I.'ARs
and upward...
Depoaits received of FIVE CENTS and ii|e
BURGLAR-PROOF SAFES.
"ijrKßßi>«' i s~i'A'rKNf
CHAMPION
I AND BURGLAR-PROOF SAFF.s,
(WITH nay PILMKii,)
1 the Prize Medals at World's Fair,
mdon, World'a Fair, New York,
Exposition Universelle, Paris.
FAHREL, HERRING k CO.,
(U7 (formerly 02!)) Chestnut streot, Phil;.
HARVEY GILLAM,
CHAS. MATTHEWS,
SO7CUBBTKnT Stbkkt, Plulu.
RING, FARREI. k SHERMAN, N. Y.
RING k CO., Chicago.
RING, FARREI, k CO., New Orleans,
unmoth Safe purchased by the Fidelity
osit Company was made by
FARREI.,, HERRING k Co.
ban 90.000 Herring's Sale* have been
ow in use, and over
Md through accidental (ires, preserving
trnis in some Instances where many
hand Safes, if our own and other
win.- been received In part pay for the
I Herring's Patent Champion, for sale
AUCTION HOUSE.
H' McCORWItrkV
a NO. 1114 MAIN STREET
AUCTIONEER k OOMMISSIONMEROHANT,
Keeps on hand, for sale lo the trade or families
bi private sale, a large stock of
CROCKERY, GLASSWARE,
FURNITURE, CLOTHING.
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, 4c.
All of which will be sold at auction price*
wholesale and retail.
WAUOTION SALES DAILY at 10 A. M. and
RESTAURANTS."
LL NK.HT HOUSE
NO. 21«, NINTH STREET, NEAR RROAD,
Is proprietor of the
ONLY ALL NIGHT HOUSE IN RICHMOND.
Gentlemen can be supplied with OYSTERS in
every style, and will, choice WINES, LIQUORS,
kc. Remember,
ocll—3m "18 NINTH STREET.
CONTRACTORS' TOOLS.
Manufacturer of all descriptions eg
gCoNTHaCTORS' A.ID STOBB-CcTTBBb*
lAMMERS AND TOOLS,
such as
11, Hedge, Face and ]V.,u li;
ALSO,
HALF-ROUNDS, WEDGES, ir
best brands of Engli-h ('i-i 5,,.,.|.
j done on reasonable terms Satisfnc
iteed.
is by mail or otherwise promptly at-
atsTSend tor Price List. se ii7—warn
PROPOSALS.
Qfflen or ExuiM;mi 1
JSMI.h RIVBR iMPBOVKMItM,
Ru iiuo.iii, V.., November 11, 1671.
"PROPOSALS ARE INVITED AMI Wll.
X be received at this office until li Ai. NO-
VEMBER 30TB for DREDGING llio channel
way from below Riclimond bar to and across
Warwick bar, James river, to a depth of 13M feet
at mean high tide.
It is estimated that the work will require the
removal of fifty thousand (00,000) or more cubic
yards of material, all of which is easily dredged.
The contractors will be required lo rieposil ihe
dredged material behind crib-work that will he
(md furnished by the city of Richmond,
work must be begun between tlie Ist and
f January next, and completed on or before
tof July, 1872. Rids must be per cubic
Any further information desired may 1..
--cd by application at this office.
Engineer James River Improvement.
IRON MANUFACTURERS.
TsBASCBV DKrAIIfMBNT, i
Ornci! or tbk Liuut-Houbb Buahd,
WABItIX.ITOX, Nov. lv, lt>rl
SEALED PROPOSALS, endorsed "Ps.irosALs
FOB LIOBT-Hoi'BKS FOB TBI.SITY SllOAl. AXD TlB-
balibb, Sblf or Mbxico," and addressed lo the
Chairman of the Light-House Hoard, win be re
ceived «t this ollice until one o'clock of THURS
DAY, the 4th of January next, for the construe-
Hon of two tint-order IRON LIGHT-HOUSES,
to be made, taken down after acceptance, and
delivered on board vessels furnished hy the
United States.
Propoanla will be received only in the printed
forms, which, with circulars, plans, bbbxllib
i urns, form of contract, und any desired tnforma- j
uoa, can be had on application, by mail or In
P*r»on, to GEORGE 11. ELLIOT.
Major of Engineers, U. S. A.,
ne 15—eodot Engineer Secretary.
.•IlllijrlioUTHEll!* AS.MM IATIOV- It.W
X FLE for the Benefit of the Widows rind f)r
phana of the Southern Stales.
604 EimiMii. NnV. i7~
a 70 73 ft! 08 Ti 78"5f1~5j
Ho 3. MubkikoTNuv p
21 4 4H 42 sti 32 SB 37
d, at Richmond, VA,lnl. s. i,
IS7I.
C. Q. TOMPKINS
igers. Commissioner.
S OF RAFFLE can be pur
tain W. I. DAHNEY, at the
9 Twelfth street, thrie doon I
I)URNALI."an excel leu. ad
uia. Try it and
(•fmunrj State Journal.
Whn are Under Disabilities"!, n oininis.
.Min.r in Chancery nn "OHlrer ?"—la a Sent
In the Leßialntnr. an "linire .'"--Opinion or
the I nited State. District Attorney—Mr. A.
I Oray, ihe Meinber-Klerl rrom Flu.
I The following correspondence will be
found of interest to many of our reader*-,
as it relates to a matter which still concerns
a very considerable class of our citizens.
The letter of United States Attorney
Hughes is very clearly put, and his points
apparently well covered
Palmyra, Fluvanna Go., i
November 17, 1871. i
It. W. lluijhcs, United States Attorney
Dear Sir—At the request of 11. Clay
Harris, 1 write to learn your opinion on
the following case, which he says he wishes
lo bring before the United States court:
A. A. Gray was elected at the late elec
tion member of the House of Delegates
from this county. In the early part of
lSi.l (iray .pialilied, by appointment of the
('ircnit Judge of this county, commissioner
in chancery for the Circuit court in this
county. He held the same appointment
during the war. The question is Is he
eligible to a seat in the General Assembly
of Virginia Is he not disqualified by the
third section of the fourteenth amendment
to the constitution of the United States
You will confer a favor as well upon Mr.
Harris as myself, if you will give me your
views on this question at your earliest con
's ours, very respectfully,
Thos. H. Tutyviueh.
Abingdon, November 20th, IS7I.
Thomas It. Tntipiler, Ks'i.:
My Dear Sir—The questions suggested i
by your letter of the 17th instant are sub-1
stantially presented to mo in letters that j
come by almost every mail; and I will
reply with some care to your inquiries, and
will take the liberty of sending what 1 say
to the press, as the best means of meeting
the general and public desire to know the
official view on these very mooted and very
important topics.
I. Was ix commissioner in chancery
before the war an ''officer" of court, who,
in such, was required to take an oath to
support the constitution of the United
IT. Did the holding of such a position
hiring the _ war bring a commissioner iv
hancery within the meaning of the phrase
-"giving aid or comfort to the enemies of
111. Is a member of the General Assem
bly of Virginia a legislative officer of the
state, within the meaning of the third clause
af the fourteenth amendment of the
national constitution—which provides,
imongst other things, that "no person
shall hold any of/lee, civil or military,
under any State, who, having previously
taken an oath as an executive or judicial
'llirt i of any State, to support the constitu
tion of the I nited States, shall have en
gaged in insurrection or rebellion against
the same, or given aid or comfort to the
There has been no adjudication of the
first two questions. I can only state what
I believe will be held by the Federal courts
when they shall come to be adjudicated.
As to the first, my belief is, that a com
missioner in chancery is an officer" of
court. Matthews says "a commissioner in j
chancery is an officer of tho court of chan-
eery." Chapter 175, section 2d of the code j
of Virginia, provides that there shall not i
be more than three such commissioners in
office at the same time for the same court.'"
i'lius the law specially designates the com
missioner's place as an office, and males
the commissioner an officer.
I'li-ing such, did a commissioner in chan
cery before the war take an oath to sup-
port the constitution of the United Stales.'
Chapter XII of the Code, section Ist,
speaks of persons "elected or appointed to I
o holding office or post of profit, trust or
tnolutnent, civil or military, legislative, 1
xecutive, or judicial, under the government j
this Commonwealth."
Chapter XIII, in sections first, second
id thud, requires every person elected or
.pointed to any post or ollice referred lo
the preceding chapter to take certain
And section 11th, of the same chapter,
irovides tliat if a person elected or appoint
d to any such oftice or post shall act iv
aid ollice or post before taking the oath
iiescribed by the second section, and
he oath to support the, Constitution of the
'nitc.,l States, tiie oath of fidelity to the
'onmionwealth, and an oath of office, or
before giving such bonds as are required by
law, he shall forfeit not less than one hun
dred nor more than one thousand dollars.
It seems plain, therefore, that ft commis
sioner m chancery is an officer within tin
contemplation of the thud clause of lhe
XlVtli amendment and tliat, as such, he
was, before the war, bound by the laws of
Virginia to take an oath lo suppoit the
constitution of the United States.
Heing so bound, the Federal courts in
this district will presume that he took .-.v. h
an oath, without proof; and 1 believe they
will go, when necessary, to the extent of
refusing to receive evidence that the oath
was not actually taken; will refuse to re
ceive evidence of the violation of the law ol
11. On the second question, whether the
holding of the ollice of Commissioner in
Chancery, under the State, during the war,
involved the holder in complicity with the
Southern Confederacy, anil in giving aid
and comfort to tho enemies of lhe United
States, I suppose no one will deny that, in
legal contemplation, it did. And in point
of fact, I am sure that very few of us will
pretend that we withheld aid and comfort
from our State in the dark years of her trib
ulatiou. All this reasoning applies to no
taries public and justices of the peace, as
well as to commissioners in chancery,
111. It only remains to inquire, whether a
member of the House of Delegates is a
tsltrftre officer of the State.
I presume none will deny that a member
is bound, before taking his seat, to take an
oath to support and maintain the constitu
tion and laws of the Uuited States, and the
constitution aud laws of the State of ir
ginia and vet, there is no provision of the
State constitution requiring such oatlis of
him, but section oth of article Hl—which
provides that "All persons, before entering
upon the dischargo of any function at ~il?-
-errs of the State, must take and subscribe
the following oath or affirmation," (quoting
the prescribed oath).
But the State constitution does not leave
this matter to implication. The last clause
of section sth article V. provides that "the
removal of any person elected to either
branch of the General Assembly from ihe
city, county, town or district for which be
was elected, shall vacate his office." The
last clause of section ,'t of the same article,
requires certain Senators "to vacate their
Senator and a member of the House o. 11
egates of the Stale to be oflicer* of tho
State.
I have no difficulty, therefore, in answer
ing your interrogatory in regard to the eli
gibility of Mr. A. A. Gray, assuming, as I
(10, that he was appointed a commissioner
in chancery before the ientmion of
State on lfth April, I.Sill. It is my opin
ion that, under tlie Bd clause of the Mlh
amendment of the constitution of the (Jni
ted States he is not eligible to si! as .1 mem
ber of the House of Delegates of Virginia.
But it is to be remembered (hat there t
no provision of the law by which a mem-
ber of a State Legislature can be prevent! I
by the legal officers of tin- United States
from taking his seat in the body to which
he has been elected. Ordinary officer* ol I
the State, who take Office while laboring I
under disabilities, may be removed by pro
ceedings in the national court*. The act of
Congress o( Jilst May, IB7Q, known as the
Enforcement Act, in Its fourteenth station J
makes it the duty of United States attor
nies to proceed by writ of quo warranto
against such persons, other than legislator.-;,
and to oust thpm from office. Hut this
section excepts from the officers so required
to be removed, members "of Congress and
of State Legislatures. It treats them,
however, as officers.
The fifteenth section of the Enforcement
Act, on the other hand, does not except
this class of men from liability to iihlivt
menl. It subjects to indictment allo//i
including State legislators and national
Congressmen, holding office in violation of
the third clause of the fourteenth amend
ment and it prescribes as the penalty for
violating this clause, imprisonment for not
more than one year, or line not "Ttnmdinfl
one thousand dollars, or both, at the dis
cretion of the courl. The attornies of the
I ailed States are, therefore, requi ed to
prosccvile in all such cases upon proper in
formation before grand juries or commis-
I will add the expression of an earnest
hope, that members elect to tho Legisla
ture, who are laboring under disabilities,
will not take their seats until some effort
shall have been made for the removal of
their disabilities. lam glad to see it stated
that our Senators will promptly introduce
into Congress a bill for that purpose on the
assembling of that body. Fur one, I
would be rejoiced by the early passage of a
bill of (jincrnl amnesty because 1 do not
see why any of us, who took part in the
Confederacy, should be preferred over oth
ers; and because class legislation is always
invidious and odious.
I'ntil the removal of (he disabilities of
those who lie under them, however, we
must enforce the law as it is. It is a very
serious thing for any dtaen—certainly for
any legislator—to set at defiance the con
stitution and laws of our country. And
the case here is the more aggravated be
cause these legislators-elect have not only
assumed themselves to trample down Hit-
National Constitution, but have called upon
the good and well-meaning people in in .ir,
of the counties and districts of our ('.miuion
wealth to aid and abet them tojthis delinnoe
of the .solemn and sacred law.
Who will contend that, it is not better
that our country should be governed by the
enacted law rather than by the popular pas
sion and caprice
I. will not believe that either branch ol
our Legislature will seat members claiming
Kn violation of the supreme law of the
Whatever else may be said of our
none can deny to her the veil earned
tion of loyal and profound respect
.cdience to the constitution and laws
great country.
I am, most sincerely aud respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
Kti. liUi.HES.
SHIPPING.
THE UUD DOMINION STEAiVISIHuTiMf
PANVS elegant side-wheel steamship A 1.1.1
Capt. Smith, will sail on I'lilUW
lie.'ember Ist. at 4 o'clock P. Mf.
Freight received until a p. m.
Through bills of lading signed, and goodi Ibr
warded with dispatch to all points—north,
west, ('lose connection- made with t !n
--»for foreign ports.
Iger accommodai iuus unsurpassed
+12 1)0
c 00
'rip Ticket* 20 oo
>lgnt or passage, apply to
JOHN W. IVYATT, Agenl,
no 2S—3! No. Governor street
"CiOK !SIC« YOHIa. 3*B.
The VIIirrINIA STEAMSHIP and PACKET
OOMPANVB efe-gn.it steamship (lEOROK 11
I PTON, UaptaJn Kobeuts, will leave her wharf
Klketl* on TUESDAY, November L's. ,i 4
ectiug with steamers lor Hnrtforsl, Sfor
tonlngtun, Fall River and Uoston from
ier.
Freight received up to lhe bom' of sailing.
Close connections and through hill* ol lading
given to all southern, eastern, an.l western
places; also, to Europe and Australia.
Fare, meal* and state-rooms, extra
V.J. BURR, President,
litis! Main a treat.
wabuix.itox Co.,agents, Pier 13, North river.
New Yurk. no 2"—it
l)y J. 1.. Appersuu, Auction... r
A S-lfiN'EE'S AND TKl'STlvll'S SALE Ol
VALUABLE PERSONAL IMU.l'Elj'l V
BAT AUCTION,
iiilhority ol lhe District Cotul of ihe
I States for the Eastern District of Vir
ginia, in tho matter of Alexander Hurt, bank
rupt. I will sell at auction, at No. 730 no. ihwcst
corner of Main and Eighth street, Richmond Va
at 12 o'clock !U., on
MONDAY, DECEMBER lint. i>7:,
the property conveyed by .said Hart by trust
deed dated 13th July, IS7I, consisting of ona En.
gine, i wo Steam Boilers, two Roasting Cylinder,
and Ovens, Fan. Pump, Shutting, Pullles, Hell
ing, Pipes, lwo Mills, and one large Sugar Mill,
and all otner machinery aud appurtenance* be
longing lo thu COFFEE AND SPICK FAC-
Tf'Ki oil said premises.
one Iron Safe, Dwk, Counters, normaul Scale*
24 large painted Tin Tea and Coffee c.uu.-t.:.
--f.ndall other fixtures of every kind and de-crip
lon in and about said premise.
'lie lease of lhe premises to ]ai of lv
including good will.
TERMS—t':t.-ii, except, as io i*:.,l.i, which Will
be on ii credit as lo ♦iti.'i to loth December ls;i
and a like amount to 16th January, l»7> each
sum bearing interest from huh July, 18
+2,070 past due. J. _ APPEKSUN,
no 28—tils Assignee am! 1 riute
«-t.uJ?-= huy THE I>OMINIUN TOBACCO
W 'lsh-S, Toronto, Ontario—toriginnl coat +10.-
O00)-consisting of COMPLETE MACHINERY
ror Ihe manufacturing of Plug, Cut Tobacco and I
Cigars with steam and hydraulic power. Huoni
to work .00 hands. Fifty per rent, may be mad*
here on any amoiu.t Invested.
I,lok RENT—Two larae Un 11.1.1\i.5,~,a»a,
X with modem conveniences—jnewitli ear S
large-house and stable attached, near the cornet
of Leigh and Adams streets. A only u>
c,M-lm«d ORUBB aWIfjJAMS
Vegetables arc abundant.in out mar
'l'hc wcalhcr has bees cool and clou.lv
Ihir ihanlvseiviiie turkey has not vet put
n an appearance,
-Tho United Slates Circuit court was
lot iv session to-dtty.
The adjutant general of the State has
(reived MO stands of new arms for the
lew regiment.
—The canal is open to Lexington, and
bur freight boats have arrived at thai point
loin Hichmond.
—Mr. Juan A. I'izzini, of this city, is
to Houston, Texas, to engage in ct.in
—Major .lohn T. Ilamlett has been ap
pointed inspector of tobacco for the Third
district of Virginia.
—North t.'arolina is sending fish lo Rich
mond, the schooner Ooodwyn having ar
—Tin.' aims-hoUSC has now about L'.lo
white and colored inmates, the latter pre?
dominating in point of numbers.
—-The Baptist State Sunday School Con
vention will assemble this evening at 7.', i
o'clock in the First llnptist church.
—-Win. H. DaUßon, a white man, was
received at the penitentiary yesterday from
Smythe county, sentenced for four yean
—If you want to save your boots, keep
or the gravel walks in the Square, If you I
ant to save your bacon keep oil' the grass
the square.
—Mr. William A. R. Nye, for many
are foreman of tho Whig ollice, is, vc
earn, in bad health, and left this mortting
or the Healing Springs for the benellt of I
—The remains of Captain Minor were
ken yesterday inorning to l''aui|uicr couu-
y for interment. They were accompanied
a committee of the City Council uud a
Itnber of sorrowing friends.
—In the Hichmond Circuit Court fasti i
y, Judge Wellford fined the .sherilf of
Cage county twenty dollars and costs for
of the late eWetßttit ipl in conh'stetpj
—Tin-, pubi.e country roads leading to j
this city are in a dreadful condition, owing
to the continued wet weather. Most of the
low grounds in the counties adjoining Rich
mond have been or are now overllowed.
—It appears that Mr. Samuel AY. Join*,
of Henrico county, who was supposed to
have been murdered early hi this month.
was in reality thrown out of a cart aud
killed. This c.eciirre.l on the Ith of \o
ter.lay arraigned" before Justice Chiles, of I
that city, on tin alleged violation of- the
State law in the organization of his 101,1
--the accusation not being sustained.
white man was found lying in a ditch on the
subject to fits, is supposed to have been
attacked by one while at work in the ditch, I
Police Court— rfnstiee J. .1. Wh.
Presiding. —The following cases were di
posed of this morning:
•iosenh Woodfolk, charged with assault
ing and beating his wife, liettie Woodfolk,
and Ihreatcning to kill her. Found guilt
and sent to jnii for ten days and chain-gan
Richard Ilolloway, charged with stealin
wood. Found guilty, and sent to jail for
Jennie Anderson, charged with being a
lunatic and wandering about the streets
Case continued for further iiuptirv.
I'aniel Kdwards, charged with stealing
Attachment issued, the party not appear
.lohn Fiemey, charged with assaultir.
and beating Mary Fieincy. Bound ove
for three months in the sum of $60.
Charles Carter and Sam Martin, charge
with housebreaking, and attempt ing t
steal a coat from the ollice of Col. Alhei
Ordvyay. Charles Carter sent into th
Hustings court for breaking and entaiin
the store of Albert Ordway Co., am
Sam Martin for aiding and abetting him.
Frank Taliaferro, charged with being a
oittind having no visible means of
support. Hound over for six months ii
the stun of JIOO.
'I'm: Coxckrt Last Xkiht.— Assem
bly Hail contained a fair audience, in pom
uf numbers, and uut|ucstionably an intelli
gent and fashionable audience, on the occa
sion of Madame. McCulloch's concert iast
night. The execution of the various piece
composing the programme of the evening
elicited very great applause. Madame
McCulloch's voice is rich, full and melodi
ous, antl in no piece in which she took part
was more noticeably sweet than in the
''Last Rose of Summer." Coming down
from the top-lofties of operatic mysteries to
the familiar ballad of the household aftbrdei
a pleasure which the audience was not slow
We learn that the troupe will in time he
enlarged, and again visit Richmond. Raleigh
is tlie next point in the present tour south
ward.
_
A Max Falls Dead at Si'i-i>kk.-
Theophilus Bowers, who is employed at
the Tredegar iron works, and lives with
Ids family an Fine street, Oregon Hill, sat
down in his usual health to his evening
meal Sunday night, but had hardly taken a
mouthful belore he gasped and fell from
hair. He was raised immediately, but
MWB found to be dead. I>r. Albert ftnead
who was .summoned immediately, said hit
death was caused by heart disease. De
ceased was about years of age. Th.
distress and anguish of the wife and be
reaved little ones al the sudden visitatiu'
which deprived them at once of a husbam
and father can be imagined but not de
HI'W.'I.AHS A rtBESTED. Yesterday
Policeman Porteaux arrested Charles Car
ter and Sam Martin, both coined, on the
charge of being connected with the burgla
ries committed in this city Sunday night
last. They were brought before Justice
White this morning, who, after hearing the
evidence, sent Carter on for breaking and
entering the store-house of Albert Ordway
Co., and Martin as being an aider and
I tier in the unlawful act.
hanks.—We return thanks to C. A.
dford, Potomac postal clerk 7 for tin .us
his otliee.
U mid, at the intersection of Main and
Fourteenth .streets, by the excessive
weight. VThcn down, he was utterly una- j
ble In rise, till deed from the gearing. The
dray had on it four barrels of whiskey, one
barrel of mtf_t, and quite a iiiimber ofi
boxes und bundles—nut less than two
thousand pounds in all. It is simply erne
thus to load a single animal, and we do
Hunk that the authorities should take im
mediate cignizance of such cases. Even on
level ground such a load as this is too
great it is outrageous when the animal i.-.
expected to climb the Main street hill.
Have we not a lierg in Richmond who will
lead in forming a society for the prevention
of crt-elly to animals
Coxl'ision or \Ames.—A few days
ago the name of Charles l'ohlig, a youth,
appeared in the police report published in I
this, paper, in connection with a case con- j
.11 ning a lot of books. I'roui represcnta- j
tions made to us by the father ol the youth,
we are convinced that Charles l'ohlig was I
not the person meant, but that his name J
was inadvertently used in the record, in-1
.stead of a similar name. We make this
statement iv justice to Mr. Pohlig and his
son, who has never been before the police
justice on any charge, whatever.
Latter to CiVmaii.ahi.k I.kttkhn Re
maining in the Richmond Post
office, November -2Svii, 1871.
•J- I'- MeMu'iio, Ccneral Agent K. it I).
R. R.; Mrs. A. R. Reynolds, (ioodalls 1>
O. One no address. .1. S. Robertson I
Kansas City. Mo.; F. -S. Williams, Rich- i
ui'.ud, \a.| A. Alexander, llaltimore; l».
M. Williams, Chesterfield, Va.; Mrs. L. H.
'oilier, .James City, Va.; J. Tvler,
vit Inn.'ti.l, Va.
rnited States Dibtbict Court.—
Judge I liderwuoil's court was engaged v.-s-
erday and to-day upon bankrupt cases,
-nine twenty sales having been confirmed!
'he case of J. P, Winston d 01. vs. ,J. T.
Koliiison aud .1. X. Smith has excited more"
tan ordinary interest, and has occupied the
Mention of the court since yesterday after
lOOfi. It is doubtful if the end will be I
reached to-day.
The iiKKMi!.\\s Inspection.—'lhe
re department is out in full force to-dtiy, I
ir the regular semi-innual inspection of
ie apparatus. The force presented a fine
a ipcarance as they passed our office this
flei'iiooii. The apparatus, uniforms, &c,
cent to be in line trim, and we have no
ouot they will creditably bear the scrutiny
I the chief and other authorities.
Mechanics' cVtoN.— A meeting of
his association was held at eight o'clock
it night at. Schad's Hotel, llroad slreet.
lore was a very full attendance, and alter
ie discharge of the usual routine business
ie association proceeded to discuss and
icrfect its arrangements for its next anui
■l'sarv supper and ball, which was finally
xed to coin.,; oil early in the ensiling
wnth. b
Wi'.A'i in-i: REPORTB.—A large Hock of
wild geese passed over the city this forc
oon, in a northeni direction,'which mdi-!
tesraild weather, at least for the present, j
he llight of these birds is as true a gauge
the weather as any reports that can
me from the signal service ollice al Wash-
who acted a reluctant fart in the police
day, w.Ti not James 11. Shaw, of Jellers >n
ward, in this city, as we are informed.
dealer, 018 Main street, has all the illtistfa-
ted, literary and daily papers, magazines,
s\.c, on sale, as well as a line stock'of sla-
j pnny of Manchester are on a \isi| to our
j sic, paraded through lhe streets, with their
i fire apparatus. The men, a.s well as the
maChmes, looked well.
The Chaiioon Cask.—The argument
in the Cahoon case was not concluded when
v.-c left il.e Court of Appeals this after-,
XsfjT"!." Select Whiskey.
K2"Wlilskey ._ T. Balmrr Co., Sl4 .Hnln
I ns.- still suiue of their clioice Whiskey
..ii liiiiul.
SW Thurston's Ivory l'earl Tooth I'owdrra
j»istrongly recommended as the best denttifric* t
known, ll cleanses and preserves the teeth
hardens lhc£iwis,s«'**aßßa the breath; nnd, cor.
talning no acid or gritty substance, is perfectly
harmless, and can he used daily with treat ad
vantage. Sold b> al! druggist*. Price. 28 and
l*.S-.-l!-' Sclcc. Uhiskcv.
sMTJeUTeii's Inodorous Kid (Dove Cleaner.
Hy its aid (.doves can be quickly .-md repeatedly i
cleaned and made equal to new even when ba.l
ly oiled they can be readily restored. It is c:u-v
of application aud is prrtri-feetly free from any
dor. For sale by drngnists and fancy gooda
dealers. Price, 2J cents a bottle.
aTSTt nuued Fruits aud Vegetables lv the full
est assortment, can be had at. T. B.u.stua I
sti Main street.
HklT-ll" !*i led hUkey.
B.£T"U" Seiect Whiskey, >$3.30 per Italian.
inclisb lireakfnst Teas nilvcl for uud
i imiwrtnd by T. lUi.bbb Co., Sl4 Main street.
«vg""l>" Select \'s liislicy.
B£f"aTiouip..o>.'. Pomade Outinie, u> v .lira..
iiiK for the Hair, is all thai is required: pmely
.:i"!" anil highly periumed, it softens, im
proves and beautifies Ihe Hair, .tr*ngthcns the
root*, and (rives it a rich (lossy appearance.—
For sale by all druggist-.. Price, 33 and e*-m.
HHT--B" Select Whlske)-.
On the I.lth of November, ai Brownsvllls
North Carolina, by the llav, s. Taylor Martin'
Utas BELLE DAMKI, to Dr. ALEXANDER
■siHAt.IIA.N JONES, at Warren county, N. C
In Manchester, on the E3d instant, liy tlie lies
v\ ilium, liobnisuii, Mr. ItENJAMIN WATKI.V-.
i vii-s t'dUNI-.1.1A 11. lIUuVVN; all of Hi*
former place,
lln Monday, 'J7th instnni, of intlamiuatory
pneumonia, ANNIE UEX.EE, second daughter
of James M. and Martha YV. How is, aged nlua
years and live mouths.
Suddenly, of heart disease, In this city on the
Instant, TllKiHioKi: I), llowis, in iu><
lorty-eighth year ol his age.
LATEST NEWS.
FROM IVDIAMI,
l>. Vonrhess. to the lle.cn,
l> i.in. i in., Convention, a oood Heady, and
n Vw Departure.
Terra Haute, Nov. 27.—Hon. Daniel
W Voorhees, in a card published in the
Join nut of this city, proposes an important
Democratic movement. He says: "I
authoritative expression of the principles
the past. It should be made at an early
date in order (hat organization shall be per
fected and confidence restored by the time
the approaching campaign is upon us.
This, however, should be the work of a
national convention, embracing delegates
from all the States. I am in favor of call
ing such a convention, at some centeral
p..nit m the West, on a day uot later than
the 22d of February next." The call should
be issued by national executive committee,
aud delegates should be appointed by State
"The business of this body should be to
carefully antl patiently weigh all the views
laid before it; to agree upon and publish a
clear and definite declaration of principles
upon all matters affecting the political wel
fare of the people and safety of our free
institutions. This being done, it should
adjourn to a day fixed for the nomination
ol a candidate lor the Presidency. In the
meantime the people of the State can dis
cuss and approve or disapprove of what
has been done.
"It would be the duty of all Democrats
taking part in politics, to submit to the
voice ot the majority. If there are such
as prefer their own convictious, even to the
platform of a National Convention, they
pan step aside in quiet, without embarrass
ing anybody else. Let us, however, have
political, as well as persona! harmony.
Success is within our reach. If the entire
Democratic vote can be Consolidated, in
spired with enthusiasm, and brought to the
polls, General Grant cannot be reelected.
It was the voters in our party that staid j
Rt home on the day of the late elections I
which wrought sui-h widespread defeat.
I here is no increase of the Republican j
"1 make the above suggestion knowing
that it is entirely practical, and that it j
meets an urgent demand of the present
crisis. 1 shall respectfully urge it upon
ti.e National Executive Committee, and ask i
for it, the favorable consideration of con
servative men everywhere."

FROM ITAII.
Salt Ijukc 'ity, Nov. 27.—The follow- I
ing dispatch was received by the Herald
this evening from Cottonwood: "Since the
last report the storms have not iv tho least
subsided, but, if .possible, are more fearful
than ever. Persons who have been here I
the last two winters say they never knew
us terrific a storm iii the cation before.
A\ c have not seen the sun since Sunday, j
the 10th. The wind is blowing, the snow
driflmg, trees- falling, and everything looks
gloomy. Work is generally suspended.
Although there have been no slides during
the last forty-ejght hours they are momen
tarily expected, especially (in the Emma
Hill. All hope of finding the body of C.
Morrison is now given up until spring. His
wife is almost distracted. Since the slide
of last Friday no teams have passed up o
down the canon."
Leading Mormons express themselves
very anxious that Brigham Young shouk
be here next Monday for trial. They sa
positively lie will be here at the tim
ordered, if the prevailing storms permit
lie has been notified by telegraph, and it i
stated has already started for this city.
«hson Pratt, in the Tabernacle yester
(lay, preached with great earnestness i
lim> f l Pol^ am Jfe saill polygamy wa.
ligion, and if that was taken away the re
ligion would be destroyed, The proposal
to give up polygamy for the sake of a State
organization, or for any other purpose,
would never receive the consent of the
Mormon people. In fact, the Mormons
would not surrender polygamy, or any
part oI their religion, for any government.
fii" remarks were received "with loud cries
A dispatch from the Tintic mining dis
trict says Unit a terrible storm has been
raging thero for the last six hours, accom
panied with sleet aud snow, and that it is
still snowing and blowing. Another slide
in Cottonwood is reported, by which four
men lost their lives. The snow at Alta
City ia ten feet deep, and at the time of the
last accounts it was still storming furiously.
PRO**] SOITH CAIIOLIM.
The. Mate Ucht—llie Ku-klii.t Trial., lln
Court Adjutirnrd Till To-day.
Charleston, S. C, Nov. 27. -A com
nut tee of influential citizens, including Hon
J. D. Pope and ex-Governor Orr, publish
the result of their examination of the debt
statement of Treasurer Parker, which they
report having found coircct. The total
debt of the State is 611,1*93,306 exclusive
of 9906,000 owing in New A'ork. The
American Bank Note company certify that
they have in their possession the whole of
the 411,000,000 of sterling funding bonds,
and Governor Scott has instructed them to
print no more bonds or stocks of any kind
The Ku-Klux trials were begun in Co
lumbia at 10 this morning—Judges Bond
and Bryan on the bench. The government
is represented by District Attorney Corbiu,
and the defence "by Hon. Keverdy Johnson.
There was a large crowd in attendance.
The court challenged the array of jttiors
on the ground of fatal irregularities iv
Hon. Reverdy Johnson argued that the
objection was purely technical, but Judge
Bond said that the court could not proceed
with the trial as only nine jurors were
present, and he desired to consult on the
question raised by the District Attorney
whereupon the court was adjourned till to-
I li" il WASIII.M.TOIV
Washington, Nov. 27.—A dispatch re
ceived by the Commissioner ol Internal
Revenue this morning states that F. Meer,
late assistant assessor in Texas has com
mitted suicide, in consequence of a fear
that he would be arrested for collecting and
embezzling government funds.
Senator Osborne, called on the President
to-day for the purpose of requesting him to
issue a proclamation suspending the writ of
habeas corpus in Jackson and Calhoun
counties, in Florida, which he represents
as being entirely under the control of the
Ku-Klux. The President will consult
Attorney-General Akerman on the sub-
KIIOSI FfKßa- YORK
j d\mt> I'ork, Nov. 27.—1t is rumored that
Hall, Sweeney and Bradley will be ar
rested for complicity with Connolly an.
Tweed.
Connolly still lacks i 300,000 of his bail.
-Veto York, Nov. 27,—Stephen J. Car
penter was to-day held by C. S. Commis
sioner .Shields iv $2,000 to answer the
charge of forging money orders, and itttei
ing the same on Saturday last.
A burglar was caught this morning in
the act of robbing Tiffany A Co. of %\r>,
000 worth of watches.
The great sugar case of ihe United States
Reld Co. has been postponed till
ber 16th.
c were ten new cases and lour death
from small-pox to-day.
Rumor says that Tweed hat resigned the
office of Commissioner of Public Works,
and that Francis M. Ilixby, a merchant]
has been appointed his successor by Mayor
The Weather.
The following collation from dispatches
received at the Signal office, in Washington,
up to one o'clock this morning, will be
found of interest
Snow fell yesterday morning al Buffalo,
N. V., and Corinne, Ctah, and at five
o'clock yesterday evening at Leavenworth,
Kansas, and Rochester, N. Y. At eight
o'clock in the morning yesterday it was
sleeting in Rochester and Oswego, N. A
At Duluth, Minn., at seven o'clock yester
day morning, the thermometer registered
10 degrees below zero.
Aesterday evening the temperature had
fallen in Cairo, 111., J.i degress, and at
Memphis and Nashville, Tain., .11 degree
in the last twenty-lour hours, (hi the
summit of Mt. Washington, N. H., at
o'clock yesterday evening, the weather
was clearing up after a storm, the wind was
'lowing from the west at a velocity of f..r
--y-five miles an hour, and the thcrmotm
er registered S degrees above zero, having
alien in twenty-four hours ihe same nom
as? of degress, (2-1).
Snow fell last night at Rochester, N. V.,
nd Toronto, Canada. The thermometer
t Duluth, Minn., registered three degree.
>clow zero at 11 o'clock last night.

Attempted Suicide or the Wife of a Uisuu.l-i
Kansas City, Nov. 27.—Mrs. King, the
white wife of 11. C. King, the lawyer re
:ently arrested on a charge of bigamy—he
laving a colored wife at Topeka and a white
rife here—attempted to commit suicide
here yesterday. King has Hed, forfeiting
his bonds.
a
fOREIGK NEWS.
I.'i.s'lnu.t.
Jx>mion, Nov. 27, 10 A. M. The Prime
f AVales passed a sleepless night. The
ever is increasing, but tne patient still
lolds out against it. The Queen is con
tantly at his bed side.
Switzerland.'
Lucerne, Switzerland, Nov. 27. The
Jount (iorgenti, son-in-law of ex-Queen
sabella, of Spain, has committed suicide in
this city.
trance.
Paris, Nov. 27.—Bishop DuptmlouppuL
ishes a card, severely criticizing the seuti
lents expressed by ijttmbetta iv his speech
recently delivered at St. Quentin.
Italy.
/.'owe, Nov. 27.—Parliament convened
to-day. King Victor Kmanuel in his speech
said that Italy restored to herself had re
nuuercd her place in the world. He was
nvinced that Rome would remain the seat
the Pontificate.
TELEGRAPHIC SUMMARY.
-Russia is arming, and fortifying.
—Cold closed iv New A'ork yesterday at
1 OI
—San Salvador and Costa Rica have mad.
treaty of peace.
—The Grand Duke will visit Philadel
u'a on Sunday next.
—The postoffice in Ralamagoo, Michi
an, was burned yesterday.
—Senator Morton, of Indiana, lectured at
rovidence, R. 1., Saturday night.
—An investigation of AVyoming Territo
finances shows that no frauds exist, as
larged.
—Dennis Miller, of Detroit, was uiur
ered Saturday night in his house by a
urglar.
—Tlie Cubans, armed with American
lies defeated the Spanish troops on Un
til inst.
—St. Mary's Catholic church, in Ports
lottth, N. IL, was destroyed by tire Sun
ay night.
—Ciara Louise Kellogg lias closed a con
act -to sing twenty nights in San Francisco
or $10,000, gold.
—The net receipts of Brick Pomeroy's
lecture in Nevada City was $13. Expense"
*09. Loss, tjoU.
—The chemical works at New Haven,
Conn., were burned Sunday. Loss 8o0,000;
partially insured.
—Richard Dugan is charged with having
murdered Michael Pierce at New Haven,
Conn., Saturday night.
—The Kansas City National Hank of
Missouri is authorized to begin business,
with a capital of $100,000.
!nolly has not yet piocured the re
tmoimt of bail, and is still held a
at Uic New A'ork lintel.
rebuilding of the Lindell House in
s will soon commence, the slruc
:ost $1,000,000, nearly all of which
ribed.
Grand Duke visited the Brooklyn
d yesterday—had a picture taken
dy—attended the opera af the m
y of Music at night,
trial of Collector Robb, at Su
on indictments found by the grand
alleged complicity m customs
trill take place this week,
citizens reform committe of Troy,
re energetically ferretting out baj
s, and trying to establish a non
policy in local elections,
ge J. AY. Wright, in a note to the
;ton Chronicle, deuies that he has
ested, as stated by that paper, in
in with the Indian fi-auds.
Metairie races commence at New
December the 2d. A large nmn
irscs have already arrived there,
lliaut meeting is anticipated,
lefort is to be confine! on the
if Sainte-Marguerite, Provence,
it is said, occupy the same cell iv
which the Man in the Iron Mask was im
mured.
—The party of English capitalists wl o
have been visiting California for the pur
pose of examining tule lands in Sacramento
and San .Joaquin Valleys, with a vi, w i,.
entering them iv a large reclamation pro
ect, report fayorably.