gf ^rfWnfr^l'^Wr
8,*?u,p^V ;;?J m?? of thi wbiii.
fi^J^B&i, HLugle Copy, tor one jmt. In advance,.... I 60
if^.Ttfrir _, .li month! *100
divuiwiby t*rriiJ?.p?w ClnbeofTen IS00
1 of yuiecs MOO
??S2 ?I! VOL. XX. WHEELING, W. VA. MONDAY MORNING, OCTOBER 30 1871. NO. 58 iJSfeS=i?H
gU noctM In J^1255Si^ 100 PoitmuUin arc roqucatod to Act u A?cnU.
Term
BY TELEGRAPH.
associated pbhss kkpobt.
Enlunl?t?ly t? tbc Intelligencer.
(By tbo Western Union Ling.
usee Kortb-WMl cor. o< Mtla ud Mouroc cu.)
UTAH:.
fho Seulenoe Pronounced on Hawkins
the I'olygainitt. i
Tbe Men Arreatrd ou a Chargo of!
Murder. j
Or,on llrde, the Mormon Apostle,
itrllbum Young and I*111 ton,
Chanted Will. Complicity..
Uaimnti gol out for
Their Arrest.
lit circunisianccs of Iho Murder.
Sai.t Lake, Utah, Oct. 28.?Chief Justice
McKean this morning paused sentence
upon Thus. Hawkins, the polygamist, as
follows:
"TIiim. Hawkins, I am sorry for you?
my sorry. You may not think now, but
I shall make you think so by the mercy
Which 1 shall show you, that you cunio
,r0in Knglanii to this country -with the
rilii of your youth. For many years you
?re a kind husband and a kind lather,
it length, however, the evil spirit of
Miiaamv ti iniitfil and nossesscil vou.
Thtu liappini'SS departed from your
lioustiioid, and now, by tlio complaint of
jour Willful wife and the verdict of d lawAbiding
jury, you stand at this bitr a conTitled
criminal. The laws give ino u
luge discretion in passing sentence upon
you. 1 might both lino and imprison you,
or 1 might lino you only, or imprison. I
might Imprison you for twenty years and
fine you $1,000. I cannot imprison you
(or lea than three years, nor lino you
lets, than #100. It is right] that you
iliouid he lined, among other reasons, to
help lo defray tho expenses of enforcing
the laws, but my ex[>erienco ill such lias
Ixtourli that were 1 to lino you only, 1
unntlslied the tine would bo paid out of
olbtr liimis Hum yours, und thus you go
Iree, absolutely Irco from nil punishment
sod then tliosc men who',mislead the ]>eopie
would make you and thousands of
otbeti believe Hint Clod lmd sent the
money to P?V the tine; tliat Go had prorenteil
the court from sending you to
prison, Unit hy a inariclo you lad boon
rocunl from the authorities of tbo United
SWi'i; 1 must look to it that my judge
mint L'lve no ma anu comiori to much
turn, 1 must look to it that my judgment
be m* so seven' as to seem vindicative
indM light iw to seem to tritle with juslice.
This community ou^ht to begin to
learn Unit God dot* not interpose to
rescue criminals from the consequences of
their crimen, but on the contrary be no
orders the affairs of his Universe that
sooner or later criino stands faco to face
with justice and just as the master, I
will toy here and now that -whevever
your good behavior and the public good
ball juslily me in doing so I will gladly
recommend that you bo pardoned. The
Judgment ol the court is that you be
Dnm tiro hundred dollars unci tbat you
be imprisoned at hard labor for the term
of three years."
Contrary to nil expectations there was
little or no excitement in tho court room.
The attendance was large, but generally
maintained proper decorum. Tho U. B.
Marshals ami deputies were fully prepared
for any emergency. Notice of appeal
to the Supreme Court was given by the
prisoner's counsel.
[HBCOND UlBl'ATCII.J
Salt Lark, October 28?Daniel II.
Wells, Mayor of the city, Uosea A. Btout,
formerly Attorney General of the Territory,and
Win, lleldcn.nf Kimball's Hotel
on Party Canon, were arrested uu hour
iinceby U. 8. Marshal Patrick upon nn
indictment of the grand Jury charging
llitrn will. ??-I?
nnu uiuruur. 1 uin MICH made application
to be Admitted to ball, wrhfcli
will be heard on Monday. The prisoners
*ero placed In ft ctirrlnge and tnken to
Cimp Douglass. Blight excitement profiled
at the Marshal's office while the
accused were waiting for ft conveyance to
too camp, some policemcn saying they
should not go to prison If they did not
"i?l? to go, and ono or two women calling
cut to the officers to tuko them if they
dared, they would light them with a vengwce.&c.
The officers, how over, were
firm ?nd nothing serious happened. The
alleged crime consist? in tho killing ol
Kichard Yates and a man named Buck
several years ago. A warrant waa out for
arrwt of Orsen Hydo, ono of the
t'flvo apostles, on the s.ime charge, but
he eluded the deputies who were sent to
west him. lie was pursued to tho Southem
territory.
A man named IJennet wns found murdered
on the State road about eight miles
from the city this morning, with four bul^
In his body.
[third dispatch j
9AtT 1,akk, Oct 28.?Warrants are out
tor the arrest of Urtaham Yonnir and hU
WM. A. Young, on tho charge of rnur<ltf,in
having ordered tho killing ot Kichud
Yates. The indictments on these
murder casest\ro understood to bo found^
the testimony ot Bill Ilickniftn, who
once as it la termed by tho Gentiles,
Danito or secret apent of the Mormon
athorities. Yates visited tho Mormon
wrap during the rebellion of *57, ostensl%to
sell powder. Tho Mormons tended
him as a spy, $md Homo weeks
arrested him, and placed him in tho
custody of Hickman to take to Salt Lake.
Wells, then commanded tho Mormon
tr?ops, and Hosea Stout was Judgo AdvoWe.
On the way to Bait Lake, ho killed
Vites, aq he says, by an order Irom BrigYoung
and Joseph A., and at tho
instigation of Wells and Stout. Hickman
u'l*o confined now at Camp Douglas.
went with the ofllcers to Echo Canon,
ta|l after pointing out tho spot where ho
JjA buried Yates, assisted in disinterring
remains. 1
WOUAit's HKTTM INDRFWtTlLT POSTP0HRD.
Ntw Yow, October 29.?A special
Bait Lake City states that it is doubt
I I sb-^^^=T=
lul whether Brigham Young will return
until the trouble! are over.
Delegate Hooper has gone to see Preai-
dent Grant to endeavor to edect tome
compromise by which the Suite authorities
shall be restrained or removed.
uohmoh VISITORS TO Till rwboneru?
TWO BEllUONS XII Till TiBKUNACLU.
Salt Lakb, October 28.?Hundreds ot
people, principally women, visited Camp
Douglass to see Mayor Wells and tha other
prisoners. Qcn. Morrow gave the visitors
unrestricted access to their friends, and
by his courteous remarks and manner in- r
spired a much better feeling than might
have been expected under the circumstances.
The arrested parties are quartered
in a comfortable and well furnished 1
cottage and seem quits cheerful, A guard
of soldiers warcii to and fro on tho outside.
George Q. Cannon arrivod this A. u.. c
from San Francisco, and preached this l', c
m., in the large tabernacle, to an audience v
numbering at least 10,000. Uis mind had
evidently undergone a great change, for
be counselled bis hearors to abstain from
iiny act of violence, and to submit to the v
law. "God will protect them and deliver j
them Iroin their persecution." Tho crusade
against them, he said, would only strength- 1
en and glorify them in the end; their P
rhiireh rnnlit not lin overturned: their 1
faith was tbu inspiration ut tho Divino
Spirit, and wuulii endure forever.
Elder ;Pratt was not so conservative. 11
lie did not want any whining Judge to o
suy to liim as bo did to Hawkins: "I am tl
sorry for you." lie wanted no sympathy u
from any federal officer; ho waa ready to
go to jail for twenty yean, but wanted no 1
pity lor him Irom such a source, llo 1
predicted that Ood would totally over- J
throw or annihilate the present parse- n
tutors of the Mormon people.
Nothing iurthcr has been beard from a
Orson Hyde, tho apostlo. It Is thought e
bo has gone to Arizona or Mexico. p
Joseph II. Young, a sonof llrlgham.has
returned to tho city, but is not yet ar
reateii.
A row occurred lato lut night between b
a Mormon and a U. S. Deputy Marshal, n
which resulted in the Marahal knocking
tho Mormon down and afterwards arresting
him. For a time It waa reported that
nil attempt had been made to assassinate T
the deputy, and thero was groat excite- M
nient. All is quiet and there is no indication
of a disturbance. Tho lato arrests,
however, have created a marked depres- ?l
sion in the Mormon community. 0
It Vll.ltO VI) NEWS.
Chicago and Canada Southern and C
F.aatern Michigan Consolidated. w
Cincinnati, 0., October 28.?Articles Ii
of consolidation between tho Chicago
uml Canada Southern ltaliroad Company
mm uie oouiueusiern micnigan naiiwuy
Company were filed at Columbus venter- di
day. The capital of the consolidated
company la ten million dollars. Tbe road
is to be called tbe Chicago Canada
Southern Hallway. Tbo termini are w
Chicago and a point on the eastern boun- ?t
dary ot Wayne county, Michigan, on tbe t,
Detroit Ilivcr, running through Wll-
llama and Fulton counties, Ohio.
The Cheaapenke Ohio Unfa a
Kentucky Extension, C'
Louisvii.i.b, Oct. 28.?This afternoon rl
the Chesapeake Ohio Railroad made a b
vorbal contract to buy out the Louisville, j$
Cincinnati Lexington Railroad. The
contract will bo completed in writing on
Monday, The terms agreed on are: Tho
L. C. A L. Company will Issue one million h
of now bonds, which tho C. O. Compa- 0|
ny purchase, and also agree to take such
private stock a* shall be presented within
sixty days at CO cents on the dollar cash,
or (J5 cents in aix, nine and twelve months, tl
tho C. L. Company guaranteeing that
enough ol such stock shall bo forthcoming
to giri) tho C. O. Company controlling
Interest In the road. This will takoabout
300 shares ol stock, In addition to tho tl
bonds. The bond are to be paid for at r(
maturity, or aa the L. C. L. Company's
obligations require.
Contract for an Extension of the
Atrhlinn. Tnnrbn <V Nnntn Fn Hnnd tl
Westward. tu
Topbka, Kan., Oct. 28.?Tho Atcliiaon,
Topeka Hants Fo Railroad Company j
baa to day lot the building of an extension
ot tho road to Ft. Learned, one hundred 11
and fifteen miles from Nowton. It Is to
lie completed by the lit of May next, tr
Tbe country through which it passes la
almost entirely unsettled, but is as good
a? any in the State, and open to?ettlcr? n
under (ho preemption and homostoad acta, tt
SAN FRANCISCO. fc
The Insurance Companies Making 11
iheir Aneidmenln?Tho Lot Anne- m
loa Riot. Bl
Han Francisco, Oct. 2D,?The stockholders
ol the Pacific and tho other fire
Insurance companies, oicept the People's, ol
chcerfully assent to tho assessment, and 8
will meet their liabilities promptly and a
continue business. The Firemen's Fund n
levied 50 per cent to day, and tho Occidental
will levy tho same amount Monday
next.
Tho first snow of tho season foil to day.
Ij<m AnirnlniArlirlcM nv lhn nnlirn fnrrn _
acted disgracefully, aiding and abetting
the rioters. Ono of them was arrested to- 0i
day for stealing a diamond ring from tho
finger of a Chinese doctor alter he wa?
hanged, and another, a Gorman, for rob- 3
blng tho trunk ol one of tho victims. Tho i.
cillzons aro forming a military company
to prevent a repetition of such scenes.
The petition of the citlions of Arizona
to the President to allow Gen. Crook to ei
pursue the Apnche campaign unimpeded t|
by the Peace Commissioners, embodlee a t|
list of Indian robberies and murders
which fills three columns of the largest i.
paper 011 tho Pacific coaat. jt
Edward Herlett, portrait painter, sulcldod
by ahootlog through tho head. Do- j,
mestic uifllcultiea.
To day eight more rioters were arrejted y
at hm Angelol The bettor portion of
tho community aro determined to enforce p
tho law ami piiniah the rioters. t,
Hhipmenta of California wheat abroad t,
thia aeaaon aggregate four hundred and
aeventy thousand binhcla. The lurplna cl
now In the Btate available la eatlmated at ai
80,000 tonfl. 1,
Steamer Bnnk on the Aikanaa Hiver. J
IIei.kna, Ana., Oct. 26.?The ateamer
Fort Smith atruck a anag ail mllea above f,
the mouth of White river, on the U7tb, at
nVlnrlr P u and mink in thfl hnilur
deck. The boat is A total lost; no Insu- 7
ranee. BI10 hail 870 bales of cotton on a
board for Memphis. No lire* were lost.
It Is said that C'apt. Harden would get
tho Legal Tender to go to the wreck and
would save the cargo. C

Brans, tho Peanirlnal* Delanlter.
IlARRtsnimn, Pa., Oct. 38.?The case I.
ol Oeorgo 0. Evans-cam* np belore
Judge Pearson on a writ of Aaieoi rorjntt. a
After a lengthy proceedings the case w?i c
adjourned until Monday. t
NEW YORK CITY.
Proposal lo Suspend Dusineis on 1
Election l)ar--\Yhal O'Connor 1
Hart About Tweed--$5,000,000
can be Re. I
covered in 90 Dlfi
>LoT|lni on
the Thieves' I
Plunder.
Heavy 8uit Afainsl Beoretary Uout.
well.
rke City Pren on Tweed's Arrest.
Nbw Yuuit, Oct. 28.?A proposition
is* been'madc to clone all stores on clccion
day and generally suspend business.
Chns. O'Connor states that it can bo
iieariy shown that Tweed and tils asodutes
fraudulently obtained Iroin a Broadfay
bank, without the color ol' right,
ome live millions, ltecovery can be
'btained against Tweed, unless interfered
rlth by corrupt legislation, within ninety
aj?. Wo<Klward was the corrupt agent
hrough whom Tweed worked. An oportunity
will bo shortly given to show
iow tho warrants were obtained from
'onnolly's oillco. O'Connor does not beieve
that Mayor llall either had a dollar
r knew what was going on, but blames
be Mayor for standing by others, acting
s a shield after thu facts were known,
'he burden of the proof lies against
rweed, the enginery of the law must be
irectcd against him. If Ingcrsoll does
ot leave, lie will probably bo urrested
nd loso all of hU properly. O'Connor's
[forts will be to protect what is left, to
rcvent a recurrence of the robberies.
[e says Uiat Twc?U hopes to get into the t
.eglslaturo again and liave more corrupt
ilia passed, anil go back to hisofllcv in
lie Board of Public Works and carry on
in former corrupt transactions. This, e
'Connor nays, must bo prevented. 8
'weed shall buve all the investigation he
'aula. r
A levy was made ycslordny en the u
raw goods factory til Vonderkoft
cutty, Tor $75,000 interest in that lirrn J
wned by E. A. Woodward, upon tho
dl of Jackson I,. Hhultz, In behalf of the t
iti/ens Committee for the city. I,oviea
ill be made to day on tho property of
igersoll, Garvey and Tweed, m .co-do- t
ndauts,

Charles 0 Connor dcclinca tlio cauJi- f
?cy for tho Assembly. 1
As Secretary Houtwell entered Stein- t
ay Ilall last evening, ho was served
Ith a writ of tlio Supreme Court at the
lit of B. 0. Jalvin,who Becks to recover B
vo million dollars for alleged losses un- r
cr Mr, lloutwell's flnanclal policy.
All tho Journals to-day liavo full acHints
of tho Incidents attending the ar- v
:st ol Tweed. No paper appears to c
avo any sympathy lor him, oxcept the
Itir.
Tho Hun lieads its occoiWl of tho roveitlnnR
tiv thn Citizens Committee, which I
avo been already telegrapued, "The Day J
r Judgment." t
The Timet congratulates the public on
Iho general smoking out ol the Jen of
ileves."
Tlio Tribune thinks "the robbers are
mneshed by the array." e
Tbo World believes "the last stage of
10 depredations ol villainy liavo been
iachod,and that tho arch-knave englecr
ol tho frauds Is in a fair way to get
It deserts j that if Tweed is re elected to
le Senato he should not bo permitted to
iko his seat."
Tho Herald un-aln asked for Tweed'b j
iamissal Irani his position at tho head ol
10 department ol public works.
Tho number naturalized this year Is
iucii lighter than that ol any previous j
gar, on account of tho fact that tho Natu- B
Ulzatlon Committee doeB not attend to r
io matter.
K. A. Woodward, who has bocn sued
ir moneys alleged to be duo tho city,
living absconded an alleged, Judge liar- c
?rd to-day granted an application lor tho
Itacliment ol his property. J
Tho reform Democrats, at tho Instance n
f Charles O'Connor, nominated Horatio e
eymour, of Utlca, at a candidate for tho a
ssembly from this city against tho Tam- J
isny candidate, Tom Fields. Mr. Hoylour
has telegraphed his acceptance. f
Iu tho Kosensweig trial to day tho argulents
were made In tho case. Tho ver-
ict will probably bo announced this even-
Suit has boon commenced In tho namo
r Jackson B. Bchultl against E. A. Woodard,
for the recovering of $10,842 51 for s
_1 IJ I ,1?1 I 1 ntnrlr ,1???
[XX1B BUIU mm uciitcicu, mmu null* uuiio j
uring '60, '70 and '71, by Kejuer, who
anslurrcu tho claim of Schultz.
Tho blinkers in Wall Btrcet advanced
52,000 to day lo pay the public laborers.
In tho Rosonaweig trial the jury return- t
1 a verdict of guilty nf manslaughter In
ie aocond degree, Recorder Ilackett
icn sentenced him to tho State prison J
t hard labor for Bcven years, disregard- o
ig the .recommendation to mercy by the J
The arresi' of Woodward, Onrvey and n
ngeraoll, will bo made when the papers
re received from Albany. Up to to night
icy had not come to hand.
The subscriptions of the Americans of
'aris for tho Chicago luflererB amount to n
?o hundred thousand franca. The Cham- 9
or nt {Inmmprnn Chicago Relief Fund n
im given relief to ono hundred appli- J
mta In this city. Many of these were l
>nt back to Chicago. Others settled c
ere, or in this State. The subscriptions 1
weired by the Chamber amount to $8(1-
90. This sum has been contributed in J
ims ranting Irom $10,000 to IIfly cents, 1
ir seven days, from October 10th to Oc-
)ber 17th. The coutrlhutlons averaged
ver one hundred thousand dollars a dity.
'he labors of the Comtfllttoo will close in
few days. 1
Drexel, Morgan Co. received from tho
imerican Committal in London the lotiwlng
contributions for tho relief ol tho f
Ihlcago sufferers: Hradford, Yorkshire, J
9,000; Greenock, ?800; Belfast, Ireland, t
8,000; the Mansion House Committee, i
pondon, additional, ?1,MO. r
The Qrand Army ol the Republic ask f
11 the Poets In the country to aid their i
omradea who hara suffered by the Chi- r
ago Arc. c
Col. Wbiteley is aSecUrely breaking up
the counterfeiting gangs to day, ile arrested
11. J. Monalea Montanegro, F. ValJenoirdca
and J. Yaldersoirdes, in whoso
|H?uubinu were fouud die* for ten dollar
;old pieces.
In the case of Tweed, twenty days
were given in wblcb to answer the complaint
against biui.
An immenao meeting or tbo Demo:ralic
Reformers was held to nigbt to
ratify the nominations on tbe city ticket,
it wbicb addresses were made by the
reform leaders. In an eloquent speech,
II. M. 0. Courtney strongly denounced
lie present city government, and asks
that a close surveillance bo kept at the
polls on election day, and where repeat;rs
were caught they should rccelvu sumnary
punishment.
(Secretary Uoutwcll delivered a lecture
ast mgbt in Steinway llall to a large aulience.
Tbu lccture was the samo as the
me delivered at tbo Boston Uerinan Conerence
Meeting.
Last night it was resolved to contiiiuc
lie two committees?Democratic and
Itenubilcan?till after election.
One hundred civil suits have already
>ccu begun against the Sutton Island Per-
y Company by persons injured in the
Ivesttield explosion. Nearly Alteon more
ire in preparation. Tho damages claimed
rary Irom 110,000 to $50,000. Tho in- j
liclmcnt against tho oOleers of tho com- 1
>any will he tricil in November. 1
Judge I.edwitli, a member of tho Comnittee
ot Seventy, accepts the nomination
>1 both the Tammany and Democracy for
lie (Supreme Court. i
In view of tho sailing of tho Russian I
icet for Madrid on thoOth ol October,the I
irrival of tho Urand Duke is not looked g
or in this city until about the 0th of No- i
'ember. I
The amount ol tbo subscriptions iu tho I
'alliolic Churches for the Chicago suffer-
rs are over $23,000. Beveral clergymen i
if Chicago aro receiving private oontribu- I
ions from this city. Another largo Bliip- i
uent ol clothing and bedding vnlucd at
SI,000 was sent yesterday by tbo polico
Icnartment.
Him nnmrnin* t\f Wiunnnuin nrliuiwl.
;dges with llmnka the receipt uf the tub 1
captions Iron) tliis department for tho j
usurers of tho Northwestern llres.
Deputy Comptroller Green yesterday
nade u turtlier reduction in the attendants
it the courts.
The Greeley Republicans liist night j
idopted tho city nominations ot tho Ho<
urin Democracy. Tho Murphy party
doptetl the saino ticket, lly this action
here Is a union of opposition to Tam- 1
nany on tho candidates for Register 1
nil Judges of tho Supreme, Superior and
ilurino Courts. Tho nominations wcro
ho result of n compromise, giving tho
iepuhlicans a portion of the olllces. On
ho candidate's for legislative and city i
ifflccn, otlier than the above, the anil-
i'uinmany parties have separate noitiina- t
Ions. i
Tho Committco ol Seventy lias formaly
endorsed tho liclorin ticket. I
Nathaniel Hands asks that tho charge
igainst him ol having made money as
legotiator of city bonds, be examined by
i select committee. i
Tweed states to reporters that liu does j
lot lielleve Ingcrsoll has tied that he i
vill return soon. Ho declares that bis I
Jinn/XMi t\1 rtiwt Inn will lint till I 111 Olli r<>(! I
iv tlio proceedings auiiiDst him. lie deilines
to answer any interrogatories as lo
lis lino of defcnco.
ingersoll is reported to be in Maine; both
no and Qarvey, who is also absent, are
aid to bo weak men, and that if put to a
igld examination, might probably toll
ho story of tlio frauds.
In his paper of this week Mayor Hall
trongly urges the election ol Tweed as it
Senator.
The adjournment of tlio Insurance
Convention, which was fixed for last
venlng, had to bo postponed on account
i! the Convention visiting Connecticut.
NAINT I.Ol'IR.
dio Movement for tho Withdrawn!
of the Hull Against tho N. SI.
Ilallrond.
St. I.ouib, October 21).?At a mass
neotlng of merchants and citizens generilly,
held at Mercantile Library Ilall last
light, to take into consideration tho proirTety
ol petitioning tho County Court to
llsmlss tho suit now pending against tho
j?.1. *n 1>. n ,1 ,.t ,tin
1 Willi JI1IS0WIII1 IKIIIIV/cm, lit ??w duimv
iuio binding tlio parties now controlling
lid road to fully stock and equip the
oad once, and to make all ncccasary
(reparations to transact promptly tlio
lusiness which will llow upon the city
luring tbo coming winter, resolutions
rcro unanimously adopted that tho inter- I
sts of tho ontlro community will bo best I
erved and promoted by tbo ditmlaml ot I
he suit, and that tho County Court bo t
especially requested to tako such action
,t. oncc; tbat in order to avoid any I
inbarrassmcnts or complications licru- 1
Iter tho county court bo respectfully re- i
luested to Immediately sell tho stock in I
bo North Missouri Hallroad held by tbo I
ounty at auction to tho highest bidder
or cash, giving ten days noticoot sale by I
dvertislng the samo in tho city papers, i
I committeo of twenty prominent citizens I
VRn H|)JHI|UICU lu jiicouii* mu icbuimwuuo
0 tlio county court as tho action of tho
Heeling. t
At a meeting of the stockholders ot tho c
It. Louis Fort Hcott Railroad Company I
leld yesterday at their olllco, in this city, i
1 was voted to cbarigo tho name ol tho J
oriKirallon to that of liio Missouri Ccn- I
rai Hallway Company. Tho following t
icw directors wore chosen: Jacob It
Iheplicrd, Edward I). Butler, Win. F.
lerhert and Edmund H. Dowey, nil of
few York. Edward D. Hutler w?s
lectod Treasury and Kdraond n. Dowcy,
lecrelary. A. W. Mauplno remains
s President of tho company under tho
iew organization.
Vll'niui an unnn??ivu Mini
Dtmorous, Ai.a., October 88.?The
tab Committee on the Kti-Klux outrages
djourned last evening, after sitting hero
ix davs, examining tblrty-Bi* persons,
nostor whom were In relation to the afsirs
of this and adjoining counties. Gen.
Jrawford, commandrng in Alabama, ocupled
one dny. He testified concerning
lie condition of the whole. IIo pare
pedal accounts from about thirty dlflornt
places. Tho committee go hence to
ilvingston, Ala., where they will stay
ibout a week.
MEXICO.
rhe Jnnrlsts nt Rnltlllo Snrronder
to the Rerolntionists.
New York, Oct .28.?A special telegram
rom Mexico reports tho surrender of tho
'uarlsts forces at HalMllo to tho rovoluionary
command of Gen. Trovlno. Tre ino
found a considerable amount of war
naterisl in the place. Kscobedo Is pre>ared
tn defend Nucvn ]^on against tho
evolutionists. Gen. Pavon has prolounced
against Juarez In Huastlca
?nnty.
CHICAGO.
Invitation to the Tradesmen ol
Other Citiea.
Thouaanda of Brick and Stone Muaona,
Carptntera, Plumber.,
Uaa-Fittera, and A rtillccra
in Tin, Braaa and Copper
Wanted.
Chicauo, Oct. 2S.?The Tribune this
luurniiig, editorially announce* that livu
or aix hundred additional brick and alone
masons can find employment in Chicago
through the winter, at from tour to llvu
dollars per day; that two-thousand carpenters
can find employment all through
the winter at high wages; that iu March
there will bo employment for twice as
maay more of both these trades; that in
addition that of workers ol wood, iron,
piomoen*, gas-nucra, wurnurH mun, urass
mid copper, a whole uroiy will be wanted.
Thousands of laborers, it says, now starving
la New York and other cities, can
lind work at good wages, with comfortacle
homes lor their families and themselves,
on farms within one hundred miles
af Chicago.
FAST DAY.
In accordance with ttio proclamation
of Mayor Mason, to-morrow will he obicrved
us a day ol lasting, humiliation
ind prayer.
NEW IMSUI1ANCK HATES.
The Chicago underwriters held a meeting
lost evening, and unanimously agreed
upon the following schedule of rates for
Insurance: On elevators, 8 per cent; on
buildings, 4 per cent; on contours of brick
packing houses, iii per cent; on the contents
of Iramo packing houses, not Blated;
lumber yards, 21 per cent; brick dwellings,
Hi per ccui; contents, HJ per cent;
Frame dwellings, 1 per cent, contents, 1
per cent; frame commercial risks, when
built according to ipccilications, 3} per
sent, and on contents 8J per cent.
AN 1NCIDBNT OK THE FIIIK?A N01U.E
UtllL.
Corporation Counsel Freiey relates the
following incident connected with tko
?rcat lire: "I know n sowing girl who
liad, by years of hard labor, saved a little
money. Whilo the lire was burning eho
telegraphed to her brother In Indiana to
liuy and send her a car load of provisions.
I ler brother did so. Ho this girl took sick
amiliea into her rented house, and in tlio
ilrst ten days after tho fed by one
meal or moro six hundred persons, bho
Is a pure, modest, retiring, Christian girl,
ind my wife discovered it, not from herlelf,
but Indirectly. Hlie .has been my
wile's dressmaker for about Ave years.
NEW 1MII.HOAD 110UTK TO TIIE WEST.
The Chicago St. Louis Iiailroad will
ipen their new route to Kansas City riii
Jacksonville, Illinois, and Louisiana, Mislouri,
on Monday next. This gives Chi;ago
anew routo to Kansas nnd the W est.
A. C. 0. E. Badger, bankers, claim
bat they have not suspended, but are
transacting their business as beiore tho
Ire.
In tho Hoard of Supervisors yesterday,
i resolution was offered and referred to tlio
Finance Committee, requesting tho OovTrior
of the State to recommend to the
Legislature to grant authority to Cook
;ounty to Issue f 1,000,000 of bonds to draw
not over 7 per cent interest and running for
wenty years, to apply to ward meeting
jonds and orders now outstanding and
ipproaching maturity interest on the
tamo, to rebuild public buildings and to
meet deficiencies on the receipts for the
next two years.
Tho action on the application to tho
Jtato Auditor to dissolve tliu Hupublic Inlurance
Company ami appoint a receiver
tias betn postponed by the Circuit Court,
t being stated thut tho company hud tnken
iction looking to the collection of unpaid
stock notes.
Tho Stato Auditor lms filed bills In the
L'ircult Court looking to tho dissolution of
llie Knickerbocker, Equitable, Warden
uity and Commercial Insurance Companies,
these companies being bankrupt.
The aggregate assets of the Knlckerbocksr,
including the capital stock not paid
m, are $70,000; losses, $710,000. The
bqtlitable assets, not Including the capital
?ut including tho capital stock not paid
in, are $330,000; losses, $3,000,000. Tho
harden City assets, not Including the capl:al
stock, are less than $300,000; losses,
(2,000,000. The Commercial has risks to
lite amount of $15,000,000, with assets,
exclusive of capital stock paid and unpaid,
it $500,000.
rtttt ItUtCKTiAYKIlS TALKING ABOUT A
STltlKR.
Chicago, Octobor 20.?There wasaomo
alk yesterday and day before of a strike
or higher wages by tho bricklayers, but
hey finally concluded not to do so. A
itriito among the bolcklayers would of|
lourso suspend nil work in tlio burnt illsrict,
except men clearing away the rubilsli,
and would throw outof employment
lot only tbo bricklayers themselves, but
ho carpenters, slono cuttcrs, lurnituro
nakere, gas filters, plumbers, iron workire,
itc. Tho prico now paid for good
irlcklaycre is four dollars and fllty cunts
wr day, which Is one dollar per day more
ban they obtained previous to tho flro.
rho general impression Is that at this
jrica building will procord steadily
hrough the winter. There nro many maions
and-carpenters coming to this city
rmn other points, especially from Canada,
vliero wages are low and business dull.
Iny reasonable number that como can't
ail to get all the work they want through
he winter.
rris r.onATti'N ok tiib new hovehnment
BtiiLDtnam
1.t- ?11I..i n,.nhHU, f\llunrn.
All IB IIUUCIBIWUU I link kUV|MW}jwi UUIUIIncnt
ofllclnls will make recommendation*
o Congress to provide liberally for Chilago
in tho way of tho erection of Government
buildings. The old custom house
tnd poet office combined In one building
vss insufficient in capacity for the Govirnment
buslnesa transacted there, and It
las i)cen suggested that tho Government
nirchase the adjoining property directly
o the west of tho present looality. Tills
luggestlon seems to have exalted the ideas
)l the owners ol the properly wanted on
ttonroo street, and they now ask ail llio
?ay from |2,000 to $11,000 per iront fool
'or their lots, which Is largely In advance
)l tho price isked previous to tho lire,
rhe Government will not feel obliged lo
>ay theso prices, and if holders do not
:otnn down In their views tho Government
buildings will probably bo located
it somo other point.
li la understood that ail ni me property
holders on Michigan avenue, Irontlng on
the proposed Union Central depot, with
n single exception, lmvo withdrawn their
opposition to tho wile of the ground on
which tho depot Is to ho erected. Tho
mly objoclor will withdraw hl? opposition
on tho condition that tho railroad
companies will traild a bridge across the
mouth of Chicago river, at a'cost of |75,XX).
This will prohably ho done, and
llio Injunction, which restrained tho sale
to the companies, will be withdrawn.
When this l? accomplished, there will bo
du legal obstacle to the occupation of the
grounds, and the railway companies will
at once proceed to erect the building.
WASHINGTON.
National Thnnkagivlng Appointed.
Washington, Oct. 38?Tlio following
litis been issued to day from tlio Executive
Department:
By the President of the United Statei, a
I'rixltimttion.
The process of tlio seasons lias again
enuuieu uusnauiiuien 10 garner mo iruiu
of successlul toil. Industry has been
generally well rewarded. We are at
(>eiice Willi nil nations; tranquility,with
a lew exceptions, prevails at liome. Within
the past year we have, in the main,
been free Irom the ills which elsewhere
have alllicted our kind. II aumeol us
have had calamities, there should bo occasion
for sympathy with tho sull'erers
and resignation on their part to tho will
of the Most lligh, rejoicing Willi tho
many who have been more Favored.
I therefore recommend that on Thursday,
the thirtieth day of November
next, our people meet at their respective
places of worship, thero to make their
usual acknowledgments to Almighty Qod
lor tho blessiugs lie has conferred upon
them and their merciful exemption from
evils, and invoke Ills protection and kindness
for their less fortunate brethren,
whom, in His wisdom, ho bos dtHraicd it
best to chastiso.
In faith whereof, I have hereunto set
my hand, and caused tho bciiI of Btato
to be alllxed. Done at tbo City of Washington,
this 28th day of October, 1871,
anil tbo Independent of the United
States the ninety-sixth.
u. s. uiunt.
Hy tho President.
IT CI....
ii. risii, tJwiBwy iy VHUC.
Tho members of tho bar mot today in
tho U. 8. Supreme Court room, ?nd
speeches were made eulogistic: of the late
lion. Thomas Ewing. Appropriate resolutions
were passed.
Consul Funchal, at Madeira, reports
the Russian licet at that port on the Oth
of October, having on board I)uko Alexis.
They expected to sail lor New York on
tho Oth of October.
The President has recognized Hagborth
tfuhltfuuro Vico Consul ol Sweden and
Norway at 8t. Paul, and Peter H. Vanse
Vico Consul at Chicago. John F. Cooke
has also been recognized by tho President
as Vico Consul ol Her Hrltanic Majesty at
8. Louis.
All lint im>m)w>ra rit Tni'kilnv'n (!nl>inr>t.
will bo hero Tuesday. J
THRASUItY I'llOOHAMMIS KOIt NOVEMHRIt.
The Secretary of the Treasury lias au- I
thorized the Treasurer at Now York to S
purchase one million bonds each Wed-
nesday in November, or live millions in i
all; sell one million in coin on the first,
third and fifth Thursdays; two mil lions
each on the second and fourth Thursdays,
or seven millions in all.
The Woman's Club of this city last
night unanimously resolved that owing
to the legal, political, judicial and oxecutivo
obstacles in their way, they believe
the remedy for tho socisl evil to bo political
enfranchisement and thenco the per-
sonal emancipation of the women.
INDIAN TERRITORY. t
Riotous Proceeding* of n (Jang of i
Desperadoes at ibson* n
bt. i.ouis, uct. as,?mo jupuoucan
has an account ol tho riotous proceedings
of a gang of desperadoes last Friday nt
Gibson, tho terminus of tho Missouri, 1
Kansas Texas railroad, In Indian
Territory. Tho rioters wcro led by tho
notorious villains known as Limber Jack, <t
I'oney Hill nnd Kcno Kill, and having got
desperately "drunk, rodo through the town 1
firing revolvers at random, wounded P
several persons, nnd intimidated tho pco- s
plo to such an extent that tho stores were
closed and business suspended. Finally I
they attempted to destroy property in the t
Btore of Keys Ss Bros., when they were
met by a posse of citizens, who ordered c
them to desist, and on their refusing, were
fired upon by tho posso. Limber Jack
was wounded In tho fnco and lungs, and
ono of tho posso wns wounded In tho
abdomen. Kcno Bill surrentled, and the
rest of tho gang fled. Tho citizens were t.
determined to hang Kcno Bill, but finally 1
yielded to better counsel and sent him
out of town, threatening to kill him if
ever ho returned. Tho next day United
MIoIdd Kfuraliol .Tnltnann rif KVtrt UmlOi fi
Arkansas, pursued Keno Bill, cnptureii
lilm at Fort Scott, Kansas, and took lilm
and Limber Jack to Van Huron, Arkan-
sas, whero they will bo turned over to tho I
United States authorities.
m n
LOUISIANA. J
Murder?Arrest of Ku.Ktill. j1
New Oki.eans, Oct. 20.?Solomon El-
lonstein was shot and Instantly killed yesterday,
In tbe Tlgervillo Terrohono parish,
by one Voorheos, a desperado. The mur-
dcror wsb nrrestcd. r
Alfred Shelby, Armstead 0. Qui tin, C. j
0. Nash, K. Houston, Samuel Harden and
Clement Penn, of Grant Parish, wero ar- (j
rested by Government detectives under
tho Ku-IClllx bill nnd brought before Coin-
mlssioncr Wcllcr, nnd committed to the
parish prison, charged by Win. 11. Phillips
with tho killing o! Dclos \V. White, He- n
corder of Grant Parish, at Colfax, Sent,
25tii. Mr. White is from Flushing, N. Y
I.nko Propeller Itnrnnl.
Detroit, Oct. 28.?Tho propeller Dean
Richmond was burned on Mud Lako
Thursday morning, while lying at anchor, c
Tho flro originated In tbe pantry or kitchen,
and before anything could bo done tbe
boat was enveloped in flames. Tim crow
saved themselves by taking to small boats.
Ono person was lost, tho chambermaid,
Lucy Moore, who was drowned. Tho ,i
Dcnn Richmond was owned by the j
United 8tales Company, anil was bound
down Irom Dnluth with it cargo of 82,000
busheli ol wheat. The crow were brought n
drown to l'ort Huron on the propeller j
Cleveland. The vessel Is a total wreck.
LOUISVILLE.
The O. A M. It. R. Wnntlnu to Cross
tho Ohio.
LovmviMiI, Ky., Octobcr 21).?The 0. e
M. Hallroad baa applied to tills city, li
through Mayor Baxter, asking that the c
city take steps to secure to that road the
right to cross the Ohio river bridge nt this ti
point. In enso tho right csnnot bo so- t
cured, measures will bo immediately in- r
agurated for tho comtructlon ol another I
fallrnail lirirtmi anmart (lin ?!?in> l,n>n
nvi?w IUU IITCI 11CIl'i
Kansas Editorial Rxoaitilon*
Br. Louis, Oct. 38.?The Kansas editorial
party arrived hero this morning. They
visited Hhaw's Garden, the pnrks, and c
nthprplnr.es nl Interest In tlio eltv find
suburbs during the day, and led nl fl r. St. I<
nVi the Chicago Alton Railroad for Olu- n
cago to view the rains o( the late fire. J
FOREIG-NT
ENGLAND.
Victoria Obstinate?The Coming He.
Kency of Wales.
World Special.
London, Oct 28.?At a recent cabinet
council held to consider the question relating
to tbe Uoyal family, the Queen was
asked to give her consent to the marriage
mi the Duke ot JSumburgu witu tne uusBiun
Princcss, also to consent to tho establishment
of a Regency, with the Prince of
Wales as Hegent. tilic refused to assent
to either proposition, and subsequently she
refused to aflln the Hoyal signature to the
public documents which wero presented.
The cabinet afterwards continued the discussion
of the question of a Regency, and
the deflnito proposition was introduced to
tpjioint a chancellor to sign documents
In place of tho (Jueen.
U'EECU OF Mil. GLADSTONE AT (lltHKNwion.
It is estimated that nearly twelvo thouinnd
people were present at Greenwich
:o-day, to hear tho speech of Mr. Gladitone.
When tho speaker arrived at noon
io was greeted with cheers. IIo mid he
was proloundly Impressed with tho grandlur
of tho welcomo, and was sorry hisdu
iert prevented him from oftcnor visiting
iia constituents. Ho then discussed the i
lubjects agitating the public. Tho chief
complaint against tho Government was i
.hat it attempted too much. But a necessity
existed tor stating the viows producng
the mcasuurs adopted. There were
nore subjects than it was possible to carry
into immediato ell'ect. Tho present liberal
Administration hud had the longest life ot
luy administration since 1832. There
was reason to believe its vitality unim-
mired. The facts connected with the
Jismissals from tho dockyards had been
grossly exaggerated. Thu total number j
men discharged was only l.iuii. tho
reduction wiia in nccordanco with tbc
wlicy ol liia predecessor. The economies
if tiio present government, through tho
ibolltion of official patronage were grati'ying.
Thero was renson for congratula-
Ion over tho abolition of tho purchase I
lystcm in the army. Tho House of Lords
night need reform but nothing should bo
lone precipitately. The Lords bad not
ictod wisely in rejecting tho ballot bill j
which would again bo introduced. Tbc
contagious disease act would be considerid
at the next session in a manner to com-
nand the sympathies of tho nation. At 1
ho conclusion of his speech a resolution of
tvclcomo to Gladstone was carried, thero
icing about 200 dissenting voices.
London, October 88.?The Mansion
llouso fund for Chicago amounts to 42,!I>0
pounds; Belfast subscription 5,000
;>ouuub. Liberal contributions have been
received from towns in Ulster.
THE CONTINENT.
Laborers' Strikes in Helxluin and
Nniony?Tho 1'opa Soon to Leave
Itomo"-Tho Russian Premier at
llerlin?French Army Reorganized.
Vkusaii.i.iis, October 28.?Viscount i
Jhoiscl has resigned his position as
French envoy at Kioronco.
rnA?hcuni, wuiuuur <eo.? i IIU ujKjruIves
ut Chemnitz, ii liirRe manufacturing i
own in Saxony, have struck. They denand
a reduction of tlmo to ten hours,
ind increased nay for over-work. In conlequence
of which, operations in twenty
actories have been suspended.
IiltlissKi.9, October 28. Jai lAUrte i
lavs the striko at Ghent Is spreading. 1
!Nkw Voiik, October 28.?A London i
pedal contains the following: TlioVatian
crisis continues. It is given out that the
'ope will shortly leavo Homo unless Due
la llarcourt Is lavorably instructed by his
[ovcrnmcnt. Thero is no possibility of
uch instructions.
Austria submits a proposition rcsncct- I
ng the Internationale for tho considers- 1
ion of tho government at Berlin.
It has been decided that tho Papal con- I
'lave, by the Pope's testament, shall moot 4
n France, not Home. The Itusslan legaion
at Berlin is raised to an embassy. c
Uortschakofl' is expected at Berlin tonorrow.

Tho French army has reorganized into _
line corps, each: corps containing three
ilvlslons, each division two brigades,
ind each brigade two regiments; 3,000
nen each are added to tho cavalry and
irt.illnrv. find <i,ri 000 mnn nitra for Al. U
;lers.
Home, Oct. 28.?An allocution of the n
'opo is published, In which, while ho re- li
ognizca tho bishops appointed by the talian
Government ns possessing tho relulsite
qualifications, ho solemnly rcpudl- itcs
Italy's guarantees, and protests
igainst tho Invasion of tho Holy Beo.
10 also condemns tho course of Dolllngcr,
ind such as are following his example,
11 warring against the decisions of tho
icuncmlcal Council.
AIauiiid, Oct. 28.?In tho Cortes yescrday
a memorial Irom tho Government
vas read, asking that in future tho
olonial budget ho submitted to tho Cortes,
t also stated that tho cost ol tho war In 'uba
during tho past year was $02,000,00;
that tho colonial dellclt for tho
ear would amount to 11,000,000, and
hat tho Government asks for tho credit
if $20,000,000 for military purposes.
A conspiracy has been discovered
mong the troops stationed at llnrcclona, 0
nd twenty men concerned in it have
icon arrcBted. f
CINCINNATI.
olllnlon llctwnen Newport Ilrldfo
Co. mill Cily Anthorltleii?Full jj
of Brewery Floor. a
CmciNHATl, Oct. 28.?Tlio workmen J
n the Cincinnati anil Newport Bridge j,
iver tlie Ohio river, endeavored to put
own tlio approaches to tlio bridgo over J
Cllgoure street, to night, thus blocking
lio Rtreet, without having obtained per- c
mission from tlio Hoard ol City Improvements,
and wero stopped by the police
irce. A subsequent conference with the
uthorltles of the city resulted in a mutual
nderslandlng that the matter should rest r
ntll Monday, when it would come regu-
?rlv before the Board.
Two Honrs of the Oambrlntts Stock
Company's browery fell this evening, preipltating
25,000 bushels of malt to the
lasetnent. Nino pefsons usually employ-
il thnrp licul Inat left the buildinir.
Tho Boatmen's Association held ft large fi
nceting to day and appointed s Commit- _
eo ot fifteen to revise the now law, and ireparc
objection* to he submitted to the J
.ouisvllle Convention. i
Ct.RVBI.Afft).
Ci.kvki.ani). October 28.?lion,
'arl Schtirz lectured here last evening on ivll
service rclorin.
Tim Relief Association ol this city are
awarding, by steamers, largo quantities
I supplies to tho sulJercrs throughout
illchlgan and Wisconsin.
Weather Report.
WiU Dirik1MX.iT, I
Orrtcs or tbb Cuur Uiunal orncsB, V
Waiiumuton, D. C., Oct. 2S?7:80 r. M. I
rUOUABlMTIKS.
Brisk southerly winds are probable lor
tonight on Lake Michigan, and easterly
winds on Lake Superior, loliowed by
northerly winds. On Monday southeasterly
wiuds, with throatning weather will
continue on the Gulf coast, and northeusterly
wiuds with increasing cloudiness
in the south Atlantic States. Tho barometer
will probably rise in New England
with northerly winds and clear
weather. Cautionary signals have been
ordered lit Grand Haven, Chicago and
Milwaukee.
BOSTON.
Mysterious Murder.
Boston, Oct. 28.?The murder ol Kate
Leshan is still Involved In mystery. Chief
?n? (nine.
Jl A i/liuu, uatugu, injutaia nuj iiiiuimatiun
calculated to throw uny light upon
tills tragedy. \\rapped around the furnace
wrench with which the murder was
lone was a copy of tho llclcna Clarion
newspaper, dated February 10, '71, published
in Helena, Ark. Any ono sending
such paper to'persons in this vicinity
ihouul communlcnto with the Chief of
Police, as it might furnish a clue to tho
uurder.
Explosion of u Furutico Stack at
Youogatown, O.--Destruction of
Surrounding Buildings?Nino Men
Injured) Two Dead.
Younostown, October 28.?A stack
sxpiosion took placu at tho furnaco ol AnIrews
liroa, near this city, this morning,
rho effects were terribly destructive to
ho surrounding buildings. Nlnu men
wero seriously injured, two having alrcaly
died. Lobs $70,000j Insured lor about
k'JH A 1tl/n ufplilnnl lina rnritlv If
jver been known before.
Yellow Fever.
Ciiaki.eston, 8. C., Oct. 21).?'There
Acre lour deaths from yellow fever during
he past 21 hours.
ViCKHiuino, Miss,, Oct. 21).?Three new
:o868of fever to day. No deaths in tho
past 48 hours. Thirty cases are under
treatment.
Natciikz, Miss., Oct. 20 ?Tho lever is
ibating. One hundred and fifty cases are
under treatment. About 00 deaths havo
occurred since Sept. 18th.
ArrestM In Lexington, Ky.
Lexington, Ky., Oct. 21).?The Mayor
ind many officials of this city havo been
irrcsted on an indictment from tho Fed;ral
Court, charged with felony, growing
tut nf tlui <1latn rltnnn/iu 111 llui A mrnat
election. General indignation exists at
what 1h considered u gross outrage, instigated
by the leading radicals of this
place. _
North L'ftroliaii ICxccutiont.
OnBENsnono, N. O, October 28.?\Vm.
U. Parker, white, was hung here yesterlav
for tho murder of Thomas Price,
colored.
Allred McKay, colored, was hung at
VVhitesburg, N. C., yesterday, for the
nurder of John Btancil, white.
The Tcxns Election.
Galveston, Oct. 28?Tho BulUtWt
ipecial from Austin says that tho certifl:ato
of election is withheld from Clark.
t is understood that tho whole matter
vill be referred to Washington.
MINOR TELEGRAMS.

?A. lire Saturday evening at Cozenova,
!J. Ydestroyed three brick stores owned
iv II. Graff, John Fuirohild and J. E.
feyinnn, and tho stores adjoining owned
>y II. House and D. M. Halford woro
mdljr Injured. Tho loss is estimated at
>25,000.
?Tho Congregational Confercnco lor
entral Ohio met at Columbus on Friday.
?Tho employees of tho Allegheny Valoy
railroad contributed seven hundred
,nd filly dollars to tho Chicago Kcllef
'und, Saturday.
?Kev. Septimus Trustln, a prominent
'resbyterian, died nt Washington Bunlay.
?Tho Governor of Massachusetts has
ippointod November 110th as Thanksgivng
day.
NJATIONAL INHUHANCE COMIX
I'ANY or Wbeellog.
Capital, $200,000
DtRIOTOpt.
Geo. K. Whott, John R. Wllwn,
Jar McCltinojr, A. J. Clark,
Morgan L. Ott, Jon. P. I'aull,
A. W. Campbell, Geo. Adntna.
Thou, llornbrooic,
ORO. K. WRKAT, President.
JAH. MoCLUNKY, VIre Proaldcnt.
.iuhh iii9iiur, eocroiary.
Office, 99 Market Streot. octlT
The oldost and moot rellablo Inatltatlon for
Mnlnlng a Mercantile Education.
pTTractlcal business men an Instructor!,
for Information, write for a circular to P.
>UPF A BUNS, Pittsburgh, Pa. sepMw-dBat
^IGNOIt FRANK MAKTINOTTE,
From the Fashionable Hair Dressing KiUblahment
of Monsieur J. Planl. of Hnltlmore,
leva leave to Inform tho cltlteni of Wheeling
nd stringers that be has opened the Barber
Ihop connected with Dallev'a City Hotel, and la
irepared to execute all theoratiebeaof th? bnalicas
in tho most approved atylo.
Particular attention Riven to Children's Hairlotting,
oc?
TUBT RECEIVED.
J 60 Cot la Manila Hopo.
800 lbs Flax Twine assorted.
6 Colli Tarred Yarn.
800 lbs. Hemp Twine.
No. 80 Main street.
frbffl CHAR. H. BBRRT,
rOHACCOS.
10 Rntta Virginia Rough f.nd Readr Twlit.
10 do fln?j Virginia nrlcht Pounds
fiCase* Virginia Navj Thirds, mahogany.
A do do do do black.
Jnst received and for salfl br
aepjfl M. RB1LLY.
H08II EN CII EE BE.?50 BOXES
!>t *ilo by
wpii m. nnir.LT.
\/f ONTANA HEAR DUCK FOK
LYL Rootling Steamboat! and DargM, on hand
nd for lalo low for enah.
fnh7 (ilAni.RRH.nRRRT.
Fir best antiihmouh oaTHATITIO,
19
MoLain'n Vegetable Pllln.
DH1KI) l'EACHES.
60 bi? prime, tfi and Va for 111 A by
not 18 I.IHT. DaVRNPORTA PARftR.
AT IJA08.
J 1,000 4-bmh. Rnrlip'l Raw. for Mia by
octIB M8T, DAVENPORT A PARRS.