f traps and Jacts.
General Sherman leaves Boston nexl
week for a six months European visit.
The fat hogs of Tennesee are being
thinned out by a strange and fatal disease.
A tax on cats, sixty cents per head per
annum, is imposed in Par'19.
The burned Chicago buildings if placed
side by side, would reach one hundred miles.
The Cuban General Jordan is to be discharged,
on the ground that he has been indicted
over a year without trial.
A Baltimore divine boasts that he was
instrumental in converting seventeen thousand
children last year.
The Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore
Road is to be leased by the Pennsylvania
Railroad.
Additional returns received from the
late legislative elections in West Virgina
confirms the first reports of an unqualified
Democratic and Conservative success.
Well-informed Americans now in Paris
write that they believe that Napoleon will be
restored to power within a year. The people
sigh already for a return of the gaudy show
and extravagance of royalty. The tradesmen
especially ltfng for the days of the empire.
New York has increased its colored
population over seven thousand since the
breaking out of the rebellion. Over three
thoifeand of the resident negroes were formerly
slaves in the cotton States, and half of
them escaped before the close of the war.
The New York abortionist, Rozensweig,
who caused the death of Miss Bowlsby
and attempted to conceal the crime by sending
the body of the woman to Chicago in a
trunk, has had his trial, which resulted in
conviction, and he was sentenced to hard labor
in Sing-Sing prison for the term of seven
years.
A good instance of "sharp practice" is
that of a man in Ohio, who was acquitted of
murder on a plea of insanity. He had secured
his lawyers by giving them a mortgage
ou bis farm but now repudiates the mortgage
on the ground that he was insane when
he made it, according to the showing of these
same lawyers.
It is said that Attorney-General Akerman
informed the President that the punishment
of corrupt officials in the South was necessary
to the success of the Republican party
in that sectioD, and should go hand-in-hand
with the destruction of the ku-klux, otherwise
there would be nothing of the party left in a
very short time.
A narrow-gauge railroad has been opened
to traffic between Toronto and OrangeT-illo
in Dntorin C!?nnr1ft and is donor a sue
cessful business in the transportation of passengers
and freight. The gauge, three feet
and a half, is found no obstacle to its efficiency
for carrying freight, while the accommodations
for passengers are described as entirely
comfortable and satisfactory.
The London Telegraph, commenting
upon the published interview of a correspondent
of the New York World with Charles
Bradlaugh, the coining Cromwell of England,
says it would be patting the case mildly to
say that we are on the brink of a revolution.
YY e should indicate the danger very gently
by saying that we are on the edge of the crater
of a volcano, for revolutions are sometimes
mild, and volcanoes sometimes slumber, while
our doom is sure.
Concerning the intimation of 'suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus in Georgia,
the Augusta (Ga.,) Chronicle reports, upon
Republican authority, that the threatened
counties are Washington, Jefferson, Burke,
Hancock, Glasscock, Warren, Columbia, Lincoln,
Elbert and Wilkes, and in the counties
of Floyd, Chattooga and Whitfield and, it
adds, "in this same district we hear of boasts
from certain parties that they will wreak revenge
by the aid of United States troops."
The following summary of the dstruction
by the Michigan fires has been supplied
to the Cleveland Leader. The brief recital is
more suggestive of misery and wretchedness
than that of burned squares and business
blocks. Beginning below Port Austin,
Huron County, Grindstone City, a place of
300 inhabitants, is half destroyed; then follow
New River, three buildings burned; Huron
City, 500 inhabitants, totally destroyed Port
T T ^AA <nU/>ki^nnfo knlf
nope, wv iiinawiwintc, nuii &vuv, vi.w.
Bay, 200 inhabitants every house gone; Sandbeach
400 inhabitants, all destroyed Center
Harbor, 150 inhabitants, everything gone;
Rock Falls, 300 inhabitants, half of the town
burnt: Elm Creek, 150 inhabitants, totally
destroyed White Rock, 600 iuhabitauts, every
house consumed; Verona Mills, 300 inhabitauts,
every house in the place gone ex?
cept the minister's. Thus were the little villages
of this region scourged. The destruction
in the country was proportionately great;
the farming townships of Sheridan Bingham,
Paris, Verona, Sherman and Sandbeach were
traversed by the flames, which lapped up
everything in the shape of houses, barns,
fences, stock farming implements, etc.
A report has just reached this country
of a confidential address delivered by the English
Secretary of State for the War Department,
Hon. Edward Cardwell, on the military
situation and army resources of Great Britain.
The authoritities, according to Mr. Cardwell,
had, since January, 1871, been engaged in
preparing an improved gun, claimed to be
the most powerful field arm in Europe, and
had begun to issue them at the rate of one
battery every week to the horse artillery.
An immediate issue of the improved gun, it
was stated, would be made to the field artillery.
The War Office, on November 1st,
1870, began to issue small arms at the rate oi
one thousand a day, and on April 1st, 1871,
there were one hundred and fifty thousand
improved muskets in the hands of the volunteers.
Mr. Cardwell also said that the military
arrangements of Great Britain could not
be made in accordance with the example set
by any foreign country, and argued that,
while Germany, with an extended frontier and
jwwerful neighbors, must of necessity keep up
a gigantic army, England, being in an insular
position, required only such an army as would
oe sufficient to maintain her own interests and
bpr own honor. A recent cable disnatch from
London states that at a continuous session of
the English Cabinet, held from October 23d
to October 27th, the question of the proper
foreign policy of the government was the subject
of serious consideration and earnest debate.
It is further announced that an immense
amount of war material is being accumulated
in the various arsenals of Great Britain.
The work of reorganizing the English
army, it is reported, is actively going od, aqd
the regiments of the line are in numbers and
efficiency being brought up to a war standard
The following is the sentence passed
on Saturday upon Hawkins, the polygaraist
by Chief Justice McKean, in Salt Lake City
"Thomas Hawkins, I am sorry for you, very
sorry you may not think so now, but I shal
try to make you think so by the mercy which
I shall show you. You came from Englanc
to this country with the wife of your youth
for many years you were a kind husband auc
a kind father. At length, however, the evi
spirit of polygamy tempted and possessed you
Then happiness departed from your household
and now, by the complaint of your faithfu
wife and the verdict of a law-abiding jury
you stand at the bar as a convicted criminal
The law gives me a large discretionary powe
in passing sentence upon you. I might botl
fine and imprison you, or I might imprsoi
you, twenty years and fine you $10,000. J
cannot imprison you for less than three years
nor fine you less than $300. It is right tha
you should be fined, among other reasons t(
help to defray the expenses of enforcing th<
law8; but my experience in Utah has beer
such, that were I to fine you only, I am satis
fied the fine would be paid out of other fuudi
than yours; and you would go free, absolutely
piee from all punishment, and then those mer
.who mislead tne people would make thousand.'
,C>.f others believe that God had sent the money
to pay the fine; that God had prevented the
court-room from sending you to prisou that
by a miracle you had been rescued from the
1 authorities of the United States. I must look
j to it that my judgment gives no aid or comfort
to such men I must look to it that my judg'j
ment be not so severe as to seem to trifle with
.'justice. I will say here and now that, whenever
your good behaviour and the public good
i shall justify me in doing so, I will gladly recommend
that you be pardoned. The judgment
of the court is, that you be fined $500,
and that you be imprisoned at hard labor for
the term of three years." Contrary to all
i expectations, there was little or no excitement
i in the court-room. The attendance was large,
j but generally all maintained a proper decorum.
Notice of an appeal to the Supreme Court was
i given by the prisoner's counsel.
I <v*
Me fonumr inquirer.
YORKVIliLE. S. C.i
j THURSDAY MORNING, NOV. 9, 1871.
Watch the Figures.?The date on the "addressj
label" shows the time to which the subscription is
paid. If subscribers do not wish their papers discontinued,
the date must be kept in advance.
Cash.?It must be distinctly Yinderstood that
our terms for subscription, advertising and jobwork,
are cash, in advance
I
JOB PRINTING.
Having determined to devote more attention
hereafter to job printing than we have
done in the past, we would inform the public
that our office is now well supplied with new
type of the latest styles, and the best machinery
in use: aud with a choice stock of
inks, cards, papers, &c., we are prepared to
execute as good work as can be done anyi
where in the United States. Orders for
Ball Tickets, IFreight Billheads,
Bank Notices, Labels,
Bonds and Coupons, Law Blanks,
Bill Heads, Law Briefs,
Business Cards, 'Letter Circulars,
I Certificates of Deposit, Letter Headings,
J Certificates of.Stock, Memorandum Billheads
Checks, |Note Circulars,
I Deposit Tickets, jNote Headings,
Drafts and Notes, Programmes,
Envelopes, j Policies, FireALifelns.,
i Election Tickets, 'Shinplasters,
I Festival Tickets, Wedding Cards,
will receive prompt attention, and satisfaction
as to quality of work, guaranteed in every
[instance. Particular attention given to fine
j work in colors.
THE YOKKVILLE ENQUIRER FOR 1872.
PREMIUMS FOR CLUBS.
Iu accordance with our annual custom at
j this season of the year, we make our regular
offering of premiums for clubs, and at a future
j day will announce the attractions we have in
store for the readers of the Enquirer next
year.
We offer three premiums for the three larg!
est clubs of subscribers for the year 1872,
amounting in the aggregate to Seventy-five
Dollars.
The first premium will represent the value
I of Thirty-Five Dollars the second, the
value of Twenty-Five Dollars and the
third, the value of Fifteen Dollars.
The proprietor, instead of designating-cer
tain articles as premiums, has adopted the!
i ahnve nlan. in order that persons who secure
r
I the premiums may select any article that may
J be preferred of the value to which each may
J be eutitled.
j The person getting up the largest Club, at
I $2.50 for each subscriber, will be entitled to
I the first of the above premiums; the person
i getting up the second largest, to the second
premium, and the person getting up the third
I largest, to the third premium. Competitors
may begin to procure subscribers at once?the
time of subscription to commence whenever
j the name is handed in, or, on the first of January,
1872, as may be preferred. The money
i for each subscriber is expected to be paid
j whenever the name is entered on our books,
and 110 name will be entered in competition
i until it is paid for.
To persons who make up Clubs of ten or
more names, but who may fail to obtain a prej
mium, we will send the Enquirer one year
free of charge; and to those who send a Club
of twenty or more names, but who may fail to
I get a premium, we will forward a copy of the
j Enquirer one year free of charge, and a copy
of the Rural Carolinian and the Southern
j Cultivator, or a copy of the Enquirer and
i either Gody's Lady's Book, Peterson's Magaj
zine, Frank Leslie's Lady's Magazine, or any
weekly newspaper published in the United
j States.
The nreniiums will be awarded to the sue
cessful competitors at one o'clock, p. m., on
the first Monday in March, 1872.
PERSONAL.
Mr. E. V. Smalley, special correspondent
of the New York Tribune, visited Yorkville
this week, and will furnish that paper with a
letter from this section.

STATE AND COUNTY TAXES.
By advertisement in another column, Treas|
urer Watson gives notice that on and after
the 20th instant, his books will be open for
the collection of the State and County taxes
for the year 1871. With a commendable
spirit of accommodation, he has made arrangements
to visit various sections of the county,
and thus afford the opportunity to persons to
pay their taxes with as little inconvenience to
themselves as practicable. It will be observed
that the levy for this year for State and county
purposes is 9$ mills on the dollar?seven
mills for the State, and two-and-a-half for the
county. Last year the levy was twelve mills?
nine mills for State purposes, and three for
nminfv
r bUV wuuv
1
1 SALES-DAY.
1; On Monday last?sales-day for Noveni;
i ber?a much larger number of persons were
J i in town from the country than we had expectj
ed. It was very evident, however, that a
i feeliug of distrust and uncertaiuty, to a large
I extent, prevails throughout the country, and
that the people generally are much discour.
aged at the prospects for the future. Business
r is still much depressed, and there is but little
1 disposition evinced either to dispose of the
products of the country, or purchase supplies
except sufficient for immediate use.
t A large quantity of land was sold, under
decrees of the Judge of Probate and the Circuit
Court, for partition and the settlement of
estates. Several of the tracts brought good
prices, but in every instance were purchased
by, or for the legal heirs. We have been
furnished with the following report of the
sales:
1 Estate of D. F. Hall, deceased.?\acantlot
i in Yorkville, containing one acre and onej
tenth, 855. "Quinn tract," 141 acres, at $2
per acre. A part of the "Home Place," 92
acres, at 50 cents per acre. The "Gardner"
tract, 101 acres, at 82.30 per acre. All bid
off by James Brian, Esq.
Estate of Joseph A. Steele, deceased.?The
"Home Place," near Rock Hill, 82000 for the
tract. "Wild Cat" tract, 200 acres, at 820 j
per acre. "Taylor's Creek" tract, 480 acres,:
at 81.50 per acre. Lot, No. 1, 37} acres, at
S12 per acre. Lot No. 2, 38* acres at $20 j
i per acre. Lot No. 3, 42 acres, at $10 per i
1 acre. Lot No. 4, 43 acres, at $10 per acre.
Lot No. 5, 87 acres, at $7 per acre. All the j
above purchased by Mrs. E. J. Steele.
1 Estate of George Steele, deceased.?The I
j "Ross" tract, 306 acres, at $8 per acre. The j
i "Erwin" tract, 208 acres, at $6.85 per acre.
i The "Carsoo" tract, 80 acres, at $3.90 per acre,
j The "Wallace" tract, 18 acres, at $2 per acre. 1
The "Turkey Creek" tract, South of the How-1:
j ell's Ferry road, 254 acres, at $1.50 per acre, j
The "Turkey Creek" tract, north of the How- j
i ell's Ferry road, 116 acres, at $1.37* per acre.
All the foregoing tracts purchased by Mrs.
i Isabella Steele. The "Seahorn" tract, 145
acres, purchased by W. J. Stephenson at $3
per acre. Tlje undivided interest in the "Daniel
Williams" tract, containing 372 acres, pur- j
chased by Daniel Williams, at $6.05 per acre.
THE KU.KLUX PRISONERS.
.It is now three weeks since the United j
States authorities commenced making ^rrests j
of alle2ed ku-klux in this county, and as yet j
there are no indications that the accused will
be granted a preliminary hearing before the
U. S. Commissioner previous to the sitting of
the District Court at Columbia, on the fourth j
Monday of this month. This delay is mainly j
attributable to the fact, as we learn, that the j
time of the officials is preoccupied in receiving
voluntary confessious of members of the kuklux
organization, for whose arrest no orders
have been issued. The headquarters of Col.
Merrill are constantly besieged by men of this
class, of whom more than three hundred have
made confessions of their membership, and
quite a number are yet awaiting an opportunity
to do likewise. We learn these continued
confessions develop nothing differing in
character from the confessions alluded to last
week.
Since our last report the following persons
have been arrested and imprisoned. The first
ten had been arrested and bound to appear
for trial previous to the President's proclamation
but some doubts having arisen as to the
force of their bond, they were rearrested last
j week, and allowed the privilege of giving new
bonds. As will be seen, all but two of them
renewed their bail and were released from
confinement.
W. D. Lessley,* S. E. Good,
Elias McDonald, D. J. Good,
J. R. Faulkner,* J. B. Good, 1
C. C. Bearaguard,* D. T. Byers,
W. C. Thomas,* T. M. Grant,
J. C. Watson* Samuel Mitchell,*
J. L. Wood,* J. T. Howe,
T. H. Lessley,* J. M. Simras,
J. N. Thomas,* M. W. Mendenhall,* 1
0. J. Beamguard, W. B. Byere,
Allen Bettis, H. E. McFadden,
A. B. Osborne, D. A. Gordon,* j
J. L. Parker, Wm. Alcorn,f
T *r?xi_ T> ?I C. 4
A. O. XUanin, iwuci t uicnni w, I
W. A. Martin, David Thoraasson,f
T. G. Martin, Jacob Stewart,f
H. R. Houser, S. A. Ferguson,
John H. Houser, James Pursley,
Maot Arolvpc. r M. R. Carroll,
John R. Chambers, James Jamison,*
W. B. Leach, Charles W. Foster.
Released on bond. fNegroes, confined in the
guard-house.
Of the names heretofore published, J. C.
Chambers, J. N. McDill, and D. M. Stewart,
have been released from confinement in prison.
The total number of arrests made since the
19th ultimo is 145, of whom 107 are now in
prison; 97 white men and 1 negro being confined
in the jail, and 10 negroes in the guardhouse.
The jail building is, of course, very much
crowded with this number of men closely confined
within its rooms; but we believe every
possible means is adopted to ensure the sanatory
condition of the prisoners, and to render
their situation as comfortable as circumstances
will permit. Captain Ogden, of the
Eighteenth infantry, who has charge of the
prison, is assiduous in his efforts to attain this
object; and he and the men under his command
are polite and courteous toward the
numerous persons constantly applying for
permission to visit those in confinement.
"DON'T GIVE UP THE SHIP."
In the year 1813, Capt. James Lawrence,
as a reward for his gallant conduct, was appointed
to the command of the Chesapeake.
With, a badly trained crew, and poorly prepared
for an engagement, he sailed out of
Boston. Soon he met the British frigate
I r.? rr>l__ i
On&UQOQ. JLUC UUU1C tuunuauuci v>x iuv
Chesapeake was mortally wounded in the ear-
ly part of the encounter. As his companions
in arms carried him from the scene of conflict
to the lower part of the vessel, he gave his
last command in the simple but appropriate
words, "Don't give up the ship."
j Just at this time, we need some noble spirit
to repeat to us the same sentiment. Every
man has to pass through an ordeal. Sometimes
it is a water ordeal; at other times it is 1
j an ordeal of fire. This is the case with naj
tions. It is the same with neighborhoods and
j small communities. Our time of trial has
come at last. To fold our arms in despair
will do no good. It is dark?awfully dark?
but the darkest night is always followed by
j morning. We have seen hard times often be\
fore; aud although the present may be the
i hardest, we should reflect that when the worst i
comes we may expect a speedy change.
I These things will not last always. A change,
either for better or worse, will soon take place.
In the midst of such scenes as we are now
witnessing, we should be very prudent in all.
our words and in all our acts. Rashness is
always a dangerous experiment, and especially
so at the present. When we do not know
j what to talk about, the best plan is to keep
silent; and when we do not know what is
proper to be done, the fittest course we can
pursue is to do nothing. There are somei
things that will run a certain course in spite i
i t? iu. i
of any earcniy power, xu me xuiuou ui an
our troubles, let us all adopt the words of the
dying Lawrence, "Don't give up the ship."
j Who knows but she may safely bear up
1! against the storm and bring us safely into
port It is an ill wind that brings no good.
The night may be long and dark, but morning
will come sometime. Let us wait man1
fully for the coming day.
STATE ITEMS.
I Rev. Dr. A. W. Leland died in Co- j
j lumbia on Friday last
I ?Large flocks of wild pigeons have ap- i
i peared in Pickens county.
The new City Council of Charleston was j
duly installed on Wednesday of last week, j
I The next annual communication of the:
i j Grand Lodge of South Carolina will be held I
j in Charleston, on Tuesday, 21st November.
?There weretwo deaths in Charleston from
yellow fever, for the twenty-four hours ending
at 12 M. on Monday. i
The survey of a railroad has been com-
raenced between Bennettsville and Society 1
Hill.
There was to be a trial of skill at the
Fair grounds in Columbia on yesterday, be- I
tween two girls, aged respectively twelve and i
eight years, in baking bread and making a 1
garment. 1
The Chester Reporter of last week, says:
"Great gloom has pervaded this community.
during the past week. No arrests have yet
been made, but the rumors and facts which! 1
have come to us from York have filled the I
minds of all with apprehension." i
Mr. A. R. Banks, formerly of York coun- j
ty, is co-priucipal with Mr. W. H. Verner,
formerly of Oconee county, of the "Archibald i
Institute." located at Pleasant Ridge, Greene
county, Ala. It ia pleasant to learn that the
institution is in a flourishing condition.
A woman in Colurabir, a few days agd,
became so much incensed at the impertinence
of a negro cook in her employ, that she gof,
her husband's pistol and fired several sbot&wl;
the cook, one ball striking the latter on the
foot. i
The Union Timet says that the exodus of
the white men in the neighborhood of PacokfC
iu that county, has been so great that it i&a&
riously thought of calling on the U. 6. aufSSr
ities for a garrison to protect the women amLi
children from the depredations of the ne?ro?|
In consequence of the continued prafljv
lence of yellow fever in Charleston, Jndgi
Bryan, of the U. S. District Court, has re*
cinded the order of his court, heretofore made,
adjourning that tribunal to Monday, the 6th
instant, and states that other orders will be
made "as soon as it can intelligently be done." j
The Carolina Spartan says: "The excite- i
raent in our town has somewhat subsided.
No arrests have been made during the last
week. Notwithstanding, the United States
forces here, consisting of cavalry and infantry,
were reinforced on Friday evening last
by a company of artillery."
F. L. Cardozo. Secretary of State, has
forwarded his resignation to his Excellency 1
the Governor, to take effect on the 1st of No*
vember. Cardozo has accepted the position
of Professor of Latin, at the Howard Univer- i
sity, Washington, D. C. Until the appoint*
ment of a successor, the duties of the office
will be discharged by-Mr. C. C. McKinney,
Deputy Secretary of State.
In relation to the business prospects of
Newberry, the Herald of last week, says: 1
"The 'situation' is bad. The prosperous trade
of the last month has departed. Stagnation j
prevails. Business has declined from seventy-
five to one hundred per cent How the met*
chants are to dispose of their heavy stocks and i
honor their drafts, President Grant might iih
form the public through his pipe-stem."
The Union of Monday says that "Messrs.
Stein, Farr, Greer, Dawkins, and the two Rog- c
crs, who were arrested under the enforcement
ict in Union, were brought before Commiedoner
Boozer in Columbia on Saturday, for*
bearing, but not being prepared, ofl motion t
)f prisoners' counsel, the time of hearing was 1
postponed until Saturday next, and the pris* t
jners were remanded to jail."
The Augusta Chronicle furnishes the fblowing
particulars in relation to the recent
nurder of a child near Graniteville, by its
legro nurse: "On yesterday, we received filler
particulars of the affair, from which itf j
seems that the tragedy has been supplemented*oy
still another deed of blood. It appear^ j,
;hat the murderess was a ntarse on the plifnta:ion
of the gentleman whose child was killed. 1
Being incensed, for some cause or other, she
leliberately took a shot-guu and killed the t
little boy, who was only two years old. The
svoraan then fled, and hot pursuit was organised.
She took the road to Graniteville, and
was arrested about 10 o'clock in the evening, t
2nnn oAoi- Vion qrrosf aVio waj? takon in euato
VV/U1I UtllVl HVi M4 A \AJV) Wi?v
ly by the deputy sheriff of the county. Shortly
after this, while the prisoner was walking
ilong the road between two constables, suddenly
a shot was fired, and the woman fell
lead. No one knows who did the killings as<
the shot came from a crowd of men at a distance
from the spot."
The State Superintendent of Education
submitted the following question to Attorney- t
General Chamberlain: "Is that portion of the
law requiring the withholding from school dis- j
tricts, failing to raise the school district tax
required by law, their portion of the State appropriations
for school-purposes, constitution-
al To which the Attorney-General replies:
"I have carefully considered this question,
and it is my opinion, as at present advised, r
that this provision of the statute of 1871 is in
contravention of the provisions of section 5, t
article X, of the Constitution of the State,
which provides: First, that an annual tax j
shall be collected upon all property through- j
out the State for the support of public schools;
and second, that the school tax shall be distributed
among the several school districts of
the State in proportion to the respective num- 1
ber of pupils attending the public schools. I
cannot reach the conclusion that the Legisla- I
ture are authorized, by way of penalty or pun- i
ishment for the non-performance of certain i
duties enjoined by statute, to deprive any
3chool district of that portion of the school,
fund collected by the State, to which it would 1
be entitled under the provisions of the consti-
tution to which I have referred."
i
NORTH CAROLINA NEWS.
?Mr. Daniel Orrell recently died in.J^?|| I
vidson county aged 105 years. "'$3
There is a heavy lawsuit pending whieli
involves the entire University property at 1
Chapel Hill, real and personal. 1
John Barnes, of Caldwell county, is supposed
to be the oldest man in the State. He is
l J J i ?1,1 In
one nunareu una ten yeuio uiu, ouuuu >u
mind and memory, and in good health.
Upward of eighty arrests in Lincoln i
county are reported by U. S. officers, about
forty-five of whom are retained under bonds
for their appearance at the next terra of the
Federal Court in Raleigh.
Two companies of United States soldiers
arrived at Shelby a few days ago, and are
quartered in that town for the purpose of as- 1
sisting the civil authorities in making arrests
of ku-klux.
The central executive committee of the
Democratic party has issued an address to
the people, which is mainly devoted to recommending
various changes in the present constitution.
The Rutherford Vindicator says: "Our
jail is fast being filled with United States pris-
oners, who are alleged to be ku-klux. Squads
of from three to eight arrive almost daily.
l
We suppose tbey win De laKen 10 xvaieiga w
be tried on the 26th of November."
Rutherford College, in Burke county, un- j!
dor the control of Rev. R. L. Abernethy, j
whilom of Yorkville, is in a very prosperous i
condition. The institution now numbers 117 j i
students, with a prospect of quite an accession 1 i
to the number.
The Scotch fair at Laurel Hill, Rich- j
mond county, begins on the 14th instant.!
This assembly is entirely for trading and business
purposes,-and has been held twice a
pear?in May and November?for near a
hundred years.
One Charles M. Faris has been appointed
Assistant Adjutant General to join General
Gorman in a new effort to capture the Lowrey
gang. This will be hailed as good news
by those who have lost faith in the power of
the U. S. government, with its soldiers, to
capture three or four radical negro outlaws,
The Charlotte Democrat states that Col.
Lee M. McAfee, a member of the Legislature
from Cleveland county, was arrested in Shelby
on Saturday last by the United States Marshal
and brought to Lincolnton, where he
jave bail for his appearance at Raleigh. The
Democrat further learns that arrests will com
mence in Gaston county this week.
The Hickory Tavern Eagle says that for
jome days past a United States Marshal has
seen serving capiases on persons in that secdon
of the State charged with being members
>f the ku-klux. The Eagle also learns that
juite a number of persons charged with kusluxing
in Lincoln county, have been notified
meet the Marshal in Lincoln and give bonds
for their appearance at the next sitting of the
x>urt in Raleigh.
Some months ago a young man?a stranger?presented
to one of the banksin Wilmington
a $10,000 U. S. registered bond, which he
jffered either as collateral on a small amount,
5r to sell for a very insignificant sum. These
facts aroused the suspicions of the bank official,
and advancing a small sura on the bond,
ie retained it and telegraphed to the person
in whose name it was drawn?Mrs. Kean, of
Philadelphia, when he received an answer
that it had been stolen from her agent. The
[nan was at once arrested and in the U. S.
Circuit Court, Judge Bond presiding, now in
session in Wilmington, the trial of the man
was concluded last week. He has stubornly
refused to give his name and the section from
which he hails, and in consequence, the Judge
lontonoed Kim fn t.hp utmost nfmaltv of the
law?eight years hard labor in the penitentiary.
The bond has been restored to its rightful
owner.
WASHINGTON ITEMS.
A correspondence has passed between the
Federal Government and the officers of the
3overnmcnt in Utah which indicates the de?rmination
of the General Government to
;rush polygamy.
Gov. Vance is in Washington, it is said,
for the purpose of ascertaining the prospect of
ieing admitted to his seat in the Senate, to
vhich he was elected by the North Carolina
Legislature a year ago. Gen. Abbott contests
;he seat on the ground that he received a
najority of the legal votes cast by the Legisatnre.
A military order has been issued which
;ransfers North Carolina from the Departnent
of the East to the Department of the
South. The Indian territory north of Texas
ind south of Kansas is added to the Departnent
of Texas, under the coramaud of Gen.
lugur,and the Department of Texas is added
o the Military Division of Missouri. The
Department of the Platte is discontinued and
he territory is embraced in the Department
>f Missouri. Louisiana, Mississippi, Arkanas,
and the Gulf posts as far eastward as and
unbracing Fort Jefferson and Key West, conititute
a new command, called the Departnentof
the Gulf, under command of Colonel
Emory, Fifth United States cavalry.
~?A Washing to nnispaicti to tne ssmnrore
Jan says: "Senator Scott, of Pennsylvania,^
:hairraan of the joint Ku-Klux Committee, is
lere at work preparing his report for Confess.
It will be a most elaborate document,
he testimony alone making almost as much
is the evidence of the Committee on the conluct
of the war. The Sub-Committee on the
lebts of the southern States are not yet ready,
>ut so far as the statements are made up they
ihow an increase of expenditure aud taxation
.1*1 I* A, L_ _
ma aeot tnat Dia iair m overtop me iuuat w
ravagant estimates which have been made,
md show an oppression of the people that
would naturally enough provoke resistance in
tn unlawful shape."
A Boston boot and shoe firm, which has
m extensive northern reputation by reason of
ts loyalty, lately hit upon an ingenious plan
a push their trade in the South. They inrented
a sort of squared-toed boot, upon the
eg of which was^mprinted the likeness of
general R. E. this was to go in the
general south^j^Hptet. A finer boot was
;hen made with t$e picture of Stonewall Jackion
also imprinted on the boot-leg; and this
was intended especially for Virginia dealer;.
The firm then applied for a patent at the ofice
in Washington on their trade-mark, but
;he examiners decided that the application
could not be granted on the ground that these
;rade-raarks tended to encourage disloyalty
n the South. The firm have taken an appeal
to the Commissioner.
editobiaiTinklings.
The Writ Suspended in Union.
The President has issued a supplemental
proclamation releasing Marion county,
md substituting therefor the county of Union
with the preamble, "Whereas, It has been ascertained
that unlawful combinations and
conspiracies of the character and' to the extent
and for the purposes described in said
proclamation, in the county of Union, South
Carolina, do exist; now, therefore," &c. It
is stated that a clerical blunder in writing
Marion for Union necessitates the supplemental
proclamation.
Fair of the Carollnas.
From the published list of awards of
premiums at the recent Fair of the Carolinas
held in Charlotte, we extract the following:
Best stallion, C. Whisonant, York county,
3. C., 850.
Best brood mare, J. S. Cureton, Lancaster,
3. C., 810.
Best filly, 3 years old, J. S. Davidson, GaSl-rtn
rtrtlintv N. C.. 810.
9
Best Durham cow, J. S. Davidson, Gaston
county, N. C., $15.
Best Devon heifer, C. H. Latham, Lancaster
county, S. C., $10.
Best Sorghum syrup, 10 gallons, A. A. McKenzie,
York county, S. C., $3.
Best cotton gin, John Simpson, Chester, S.
C., medal and $25.
Brazilian Emancipation Law.
The details of the emancipation law recently
enacted in Brazil have been published.
It seems to be a "gradual emancipation" experiment,
and will consequently not fall so
heavily upon the slave owners as did the summary
proceedings of the United States authorities
bear upon the slave-holders of the
southern States, whose fathers purchased the
first slaves they owned, from their New England
neighbors. The Brazilian emancipation
law provides that children born after its proclamation
are free when seventeen years old.
Slaves owned by the government are free.
Various provisions are made for the benefit
of those still held in slavery. The religious
corporations are emancipating their slaves,
and many private slave owners are moving in
the same direction, converting them into free
tenants or freeing them upon condition of four
years' service.
1 The State Fair.
The State fair commenced in Columbia
011 Monday last. Of the success of the exhii
bition, the Union says, judging from the first
day, the interest manifested, and the great
number of articles displayed, the present occasion
bids fair to outdo any heretofore held
in the State.
Protest in Baltimore.
A mass meeting of the Democratic Conservative
party was held in Baltimore on the
2nd instant, to protest against the proceedings
I in South Carolina under the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, or, as the call for the
meeting states, "A grand up-rising to protest
against the wicked war now being waged
I omoinaf T.lhopfv flnfl TjAW."
v
The clubs of the various wards?twenty in
number?paraded the streets with torches,
banners, transparencies, devices, etc., and
bandsof music. Hon. Reverdy Johnson prej
sided at the meeting.
Resolutions were passed and addresses delivered
by Hon. Reverdy Johnson, Hon.
Pinckney Wnyte, Hon. Joshua Vansant, the
Mayor elect, and others. The number present
was estimated at from eight to ten thousand.
"A Correction Corrected."
The Union Times of last week contains
the following, dated Limestone Springs, October
27:
Mr. Stokes, Dear SirI hear that you j
have corrected in your last paper, the manner
in which the marshals and soldiers behaved
when they came to arrest Mr. Lyle. Your
first information was perfectly correct What
was said was just as little as could possibly
have been said.
They not only broke open Mrs. jLyle's bedroom
door, but examined her trunks and bedroom
closets, and helped themselves to meat,
corn and fodder. This is not all, they broke
open doors, searched the house, examined the
cupboard, (one of those old-fashioned cupI
boards that you could not have concealed a
baby in, much less a man), at Mrs. Lyle's
erand-raother's, where Mrs. L. and her bus
i band spent the night. Notwithstanding the
close watching the students and Mr. Corry,
the Superintendent, gave them, they managed
to steal a few things, such as spoons, knives
and scissors.
South Carolina Bonds.
The South Carolina Bonds continue to
decline in New York. The latest dispatches
quote the new bonds at 20, and the old at 37.
Whether this is a result of the suspension of
the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus in
the State, or the manipulations of a "ring"
the initiated only know. Governor Scott,
Treasurer Parker and Comptroller Neagle
are all in New York, in connection with
which circumstance, the World makes the
following statement:
The American Bank Note Company printed
twenty millions of bonds for Mr. Kimpton,
the Financial Agent of that State. It is said
Governor Scott admits that the bonds were
printed, but denies that all were issued, but
does not state the amount issued. Kimpton,
it is asserted, brings claims against the State
for services and commissions amounting to
four million dollars, and the other State officers
have not dared to resist the payment
thereof, though much of it is for renewals,
which were credited as to the new loans. The
commissions, it is said, more than swallow the
original loan. The expenses of the last legislature
were $800,000 and have not been paid.
The World concludes by stating that its information
is from a source entitling it to the
highest credit. The persons giving it express
thi confident belief that a fraudulent issue,
amounting to $20,046,000, of 8ta$e bonds, has
been negotiated and thp m on PTjniaap plied.
rwrtTmTwmviiHM! ITiat if it should nroM IBHt!
the State is involved to that amount it will be
irrevocably insolvent.
The above, and recent publications of a
similar nature, have evoked a statement from
Gov. Scott, which he makes to the public by
telegraph under date of New York, November
5th. He says:
"Many false representations and statements
have been made and published about the
credit of the State of South Carolina. It is
true that $20,204,000 of bonds have been
printed, of which amount $8,000,000 have
never been signed or issued, nor were they
printed with the intention to increase Jhe
State debt, but are in possession of the State
authorities. Also $3,500,000 sterling bonds
have been printed, but hot issued; $2,500,000
of registered stock are now in the hands of
the Treasurer of the State, being the balance
of $5,040,000 dollars issued. The Legislature,
from time to time, passed several acts
for the issue of bonds to pay the indebtedness
of the State. Subsequently it passed an act
for the conversion of its securities. To provide
for this the above amount in bonds was
printed, which has given rise to many groundless
misrepresentations and gross fabrications."
From Mormondom.
Since the conviction and sentence of
the Mormon, Hawkins, for bigamy, the city of
Salt Lake has been, contrary to the expectation
of the officials, very quiet, and the people
unusually orderly. Strange as it' may
seem, the sentence of Hawkins, which is a
test case and will be the precedent in numerous
cases to come, meets with more disfavor among
the women than the men of that festive sect
A petition fifty feet in length has been received
in Washington signed exclusively by women,
praying the authorities to let thera-alone
in their domestic and marital relations.
The Mayor of Salt Lake, who has been arrested
on a charge of murder, has been admitted
to bail. Bail was refused Stanford and
Kimball, accessories of Mayor Wells, though
it is not deemed that the probability of their
guilt is greater than that of Wells.
It is positively stated that the patriarch,
Brigham Young, has fled, with the intention i
.nmfllniTai. nf Kiio lift* in op^ltiflinn. I
U1 living LUC ICIUaiUUVi va mid ???v *m vw?v.vm,
This being the case, he certainly did not take
all his wives with him. An expedition is pre- j
paring to follow and arrest Brigham, who, it
is reported, is moving south, with a train of
eleven wagons and one hundred armed men,
all mounted.
Martial Law In Chicago.
Gen. Sheridan, who happened to be in
Chicago during the fire, availed himself of the i
situation to exercise a little brief authority,|
and established military rule in the city.:
Many arbitrary acts were committed by Sher- j
idanand those acting under his orders, among
them the shooting of Col. Grosvernor, a civilian
officer, who was quietly in pursuit of his
legitimate duties. The high-handed outrage
of Sheridan, we are glad to perceive, has attracted
the attention of Governor Palmer, who
has written a letter to the Attorney-General,
directing him to present the facts in regard to
the killing of Col. Grosvernor to the grand
jury of Cook county. After alluding to the
circumstances preceding the death of Gros
vernor, the Governor concludes:
"I think you'will oerceive it is now the duty
j J the Governor and Attorney-General, and
all other officers, to see that the laws are en-;
forced against all parties concerned in thesej
illegal and dangerous acts. It is not necessa
ry, in determining upon the line of duty to be j
adopted, to inquire whether the Mayor of
1 Chicago, Lieutenant-General Sheridan and
Frank T. Sherman, and his associates and
subordinates?who were the agents by which
the death of Col. Thomas Grosvener was
produced, in assuming powers they did not
possess, and which cannot be conferred upon
them?were influenced by proper or improper
I motives or purposes. They assumed to sus
{>end the operations of the Constitution and
aws of the State, and substitute in their stead
laws and military force, to be defined and applied
by themselves. They, by their lawless
acts, attacked and insulted the dignity and
authority of the State; and have, by their
dangerous example, weakened public confidence
in the Constitution and laws, and in
their attempt to enforce usurped and lawless
authority, they have sacrified the life of a
peaceable citizen. Animated by the confidence
I have thus expressed, and confident in
the belief that the State of Illinois, acting
through the proper departments of its government,
is capable of protecting its own people,
and of enforcing the dignity and authority of
its own laws, I have to request that you, in
conjunction with the State's Attorney of the
Seventh Circuit, will bring all the facts before
the grand jury of Cook county, in order that
allpersons concerned in the unlawful killing
of Thomas W. Grosvernor may be brought to
a speedy trial."
Qov. Bullock's Resignation.
Governor .Bullock, or Georgia, gives as
one reason of .his resignation that he was fearful
the present Legislature would impeach,
arrest and convict him on imaginary or groundless
charges, and rather than thus gratify
his enemies he deemed it best to resign and
let the State government go into the hands of
the Speaker of the Senate, whom he knew to
be a good Republican.
The New York Times says that Bullock
asseverates that all his official acts are matters
of record, and that Governor Conley has a
detailed statement of all the financial transactions,
^nd that there is no foundation whatever
for the wild charges thatare being made
against him. He states that he is ready for
any fair investigation, and intends soon to return
to Georgia and demand it; but he is not
willing to permit any arrest at the instance of
his personal enemies in Georgia because his
friends advise him it would result in his being
ku-kluxed by*a mob under the instigation of
the men who were so near grasping the State
government,and who have been so neatly and
effectually foiled.
On the subject of Bullock's resignation, the
New York Tribune says:
"The letter of Governor Bullock, of Georgia,
announcing his resignation is not very
clear upon the points upon which the public
might desire light He says he resigned because
there was a conspiracy to impeach and
remove him, and that by resiguing he defeated
that conspiracy. The same people will
i i? u:_ ~ai?
say mat ne gave up uio uuiue w esuipe impeachment.
But Governor Bullock also says
that by surrendering his office into the hands
of the President of the Senate, Mr. Conley, he
secured an honest successor. As we understand
the case, Mr. Conley would become acting
Governor, even if Bullock had been removed
by the conspiritors, and the retiring
Governor expressly says that no proceedings
against Conley have been suggested. The
whole affair is certainly very hazy."
The Legislature has recognized Conley as
acting Governor, and a bill for a special election
for Governor in December has been introduced.
A resolution was also passed branding
as false Governor Bullock's allegations
that the Assembly meant to impeach him without
investigation, and that the people did not
respect the constitution, and recognize war
results.
A message fronMhe.acting Governor was
read on Saturday. He makes no allusion
to an election hopes there will be no ground
for further reconstruction; promises retrenchment,
and says he cannot mow tell of the disposition
of the State bonds, and urges an investigation
into the matter; he counsels execntwm
of the lawafld-pwatefla fn nsrdnsparingly.
He argues for free education,'but
against mixed schools. He urges that the
State's pecuniary faith be kept inviolable.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
R. H. Glenn, S. Y/ C.?Sheriff's Sales.
J. F. Hart?Milch Cow Wanted.
J. L. Watson, Treasurer?Tax Notice..
T. M. Dobson <fc Co.?Oil Cloths?PoWder and
Shot?Yarn and Sheeting?Ladies' CloaksCalicoes?Crockery?Hardware?10-4
Sheeting?Flannels?Greenbacks
No. J.?Order
No. 2.?Those Who Owe Us?Gent's and
Ladies' Hats?Clothing?Groceries?Guns
and Pistols.
R. H. Glenn, S. Y.C.?Judge of Probate's Sales.
J. F. Wallace?Clerk's Sale.
Thomson A Jefferys, Assignees?Notice in the
matter of W. B. Daniels, Bankrupt.
Correspondence of the Charleston Courier.
FROM WASHINGTON.
November 1st, 1871.?The affaire of Mexico,
always in a muddle, now excite some interest
here, and are likely to revive prospects
.i l
lor uie acquisition 01 some pumuu ui nor uciritory
by the United States. The Government
of Benito Juarex, recently re-elected as
President, appears to be unstable. According
to'advices received here, a pronunciamento
by General Diaz may be expected, and
that will tend to another stormy revolution.
The finances of Mexioo will require sacriffce
of territory. The United States Government
will be called upon to supply Mexico with
the means for paying that portion of the
awards of the Mexican Treaty Commission
which fall upon Mexico, and half a dozen of
her States will hardly be more than equivalent
to the sum.
President Grant has got annexation upon
his brain, and the acquisition of San Domingo
was intended by him as a prelude to the
absorption of Cuba, Hayti and Mexico. If
he be reelected he will undoubtedly attempt
to carry out these projects, notwithstanding
the fact that he cannot have peace at home.
The project for the acquisition of Cuba by
purchase from Spain is soon to be zealously
pursued. The abolitionists everywhere demand
that slavery shall cease in Cuba, now
that it has lost its foothold in Brazil. The
interests of American commerce and navigation,
now so much depressed, demand Cuban
annexation, and further, France and England,
will probably object to it. If it cost Spain
sixty millions of dollars a year, as it is, stated,
to "keep Cuba, she may be glad to be rid of
the burden. General Sickles has a standing
order for its purchase.
The Cabinet held a full meeting yesterday.
Nothing was done except ordering a company
of troops to aid the police in Chicago in the
preservation of order, and to authorize Attorney-General
Akerman, to admit ku-klux prisoners
to bail at his discretion.
The President will, no doubt, present his
views of the ku-klux affair in his annual mes?
-5? a MAAMinUtlA icoiia a
sage, ana 11 ne au uui, ucaunuuc, imuo
proclamation suspending the habeas corpus
writ in portions of Georgia, it will be for the
lack of strong influences brought upon him
from Southern Republicans to that end.
It is now considered as certain that the Republican
party will adhere to General Grant
as more necessary to it now than he was in
1868. The war issues and the war candidate
must be retained by it, in order to aroid a
certain and stunning defeat.
The Democratic party, though very strong,
cannot, it appears, contend advantageously
against the issues made by their opponents.
Therefore some of their leaders sagaciously
advise the nomination of a Republican for the
next Presidency, but one who will support the
essential principles of the Democratic party.
They talk of Gratz Brown, of Missouri, of
Justice Davis, of Illinois, of Senator Trumbull,
of Illinois, and other prominent Republicans,
all of whom are opposed to the ku-klux
Act, and to the enforcement Act, and are in
fnvnr nf universal Amnesty and of revenue re
form.
Iii favor of Gratz Brown's availability, it is
urged by General Blair tbat he can carry the
German vote; and of Judge Davis, it is declared
that he, as the personal friend of Abraham
Lincoln, can unite upon himself the entire
negro vote.
The Democratic leaders of the State of New
York, though certain of holding that State,
j have lost their confidence in the election of ft
I straight out, old line Democrat, and are willj
ing, it is believed, to accept a compromise
j candidate.
The coming session of Congress will be
I chiefly devoted, by all parties, to the consideration
of the great subject of President-making.
LEO.

Correspondence of the N. Y. Herald.
FROM NEWBERRY,"SOUTH CAROLINA..
Newberry, Oct. 27.?My investigations
into the condition of affairs in Laurens county
have failed to discover any opposition to the
laws, either 8tate or United States. I have
ascertained, however, that nota single ku-kluz
raid has ever been made in the county, the
Radicals themselves admitting this fact
no ku-klux in laurens county.
As showing how exaggerated and often utterly
false have been the reports published in
the. Radical press of the outrages committedupon
negroes, I have only to mention that, excepting
in an election riot last year, there has
not been a negro killed by a white man in
Laurens since the war ended. There have
been several cases of whipping, but in every
case the victims had been guilty of some offence
against the laws, and for which he had
not been punished by the proper authorities.
Of course mob law cannot be justified under
any circumstances, but I mention the cause
solely for the purpose of showing that politics
had nothing whatever to do with the troubles.
SOME NEGRO OUTRAGES.
While no negroes have been murdered white
men have. The most notorious one was the
assassination of Dr. C. Shell by negroes in
1868. In this case one of the assassins was
convicted and hung, and the others were per-
mitted to escape. Furthermore, I have before
rae the story of an attack by negroes upon
the residence of Mr. Harrison Scott. He was
absent at the time, and his wife was brutally
treated, after doing which the negroes robbed
the house and marched. An attempt was
also made on the life of a Mr. Shaw, which,
however, fortunately failed. It is not my purpose
to say anything harsh about the negroes
of Laurens county. AH the whites agree in
representing the majority of them as orderly
and well behaved, and certainly the negroes
do not complain of any iU-treatment at the
hands of the whites. I do not know that I can
illustrate the object of the ku-klux better than
by giving the words of a negro to men on yesterday.
"Boss," said he, "de ku-klux so
trouble rue. I nebber steal anything '.jErom
nobody."
AN ELECTION RIOT.
The election riot last year was reported at
the time in the Herald, but not as I have
heard it The affair occurred in this way: A
large body of .negro militia, officered by negroes,
had been stationed in Laarensvifle for
some time, and bad carried on things pretty
much tbeir own wav. to the irreat exasnera
tion of the whites. A house occupied by them
-bad been converted into a fort, with loopholes,
<fec. On the day of the election one of the
State constables?a white man?got into a row
with one of the citizens, and a fight ensued
between them. The row attracted numerous
persons to the snot, and quite a crowd had
gathered around the combatants, when suddenly
the negro militia rushed into their improvised
fortress, closed the doors and opened
fire upon the crowd through the loopnoles.
Tremendous excitement followed this outrage.
The whites hurried home, armed themselves
and returned to the scene, and a desperate
conflict ensued. It was resumed on the following
day, and ended in the disarming of the
negro militia, and their withdrawal or disbandment
by authority of the Governor.
Some half dozen negroes were killed or woun- i
ded, and two or three whites die same. Bad-
icals have admitted to me that the conduct of 1
the militia had been overbearingly insolent,
and that it required only another overt act to
incense the whites beyond the power of con- j
rrpllinor fhair m J~ %T| i r?rtrrr jw
wanes ggjflpM mat^ u
cannot possibly be tortured into a ku-klirx
outrage. I.
BURNING OF A SCHOOL HOUSE.
Much stress is laid by the Laurens county
Radicals upon the burning of their schoolhouse.
The negro in charge of it declares that
he had previously been given notice to Quit
the county or he would be killed. He is living
in the county to-day sound in body.
However, one night the school house was
burned down and instantly the ku-klux were
charged with the incendiarism. Not a living
soul has ever asserted that he saw the men who
did it It is stated, however, that the members
of the negro church to which the school was
attached had had a row about it only a
few evenings before it was burned, and the
whites believe that some of them set it on fire
in revenge for not having their own way about
it. It is scarcely rational to suppose that
white men would have destroyed it when they
were fully aware that they would have to furnish
the money to rebuild it All the taxes
paid by the negroes of Laurens county in the
year could not have purchased the nails with
which to fasten the planks together.
NO CONFIDENCE IN THE AUTHORITIES.
In Laurens county I hear the same complaint
I have heard in Newberry county?namely,
an utter want of confidence in the oflit. .Is
nlAi**l nvflr the neoDle bv the Governor or by
the votes of the negro. They run the machinery
of the government in the interests of
the blacks, and the whites?who own all the
property?are only thought of in connection
witn the taxes. Governor Scott is held in supreme
contempt by the whites everywhere.
He is charged with duplicity and double-dealing,
with saying one thing to the whites and
the exact opposite to the blacks, while he does
everything to satisfy his political party.
governor Scott's maladministration.
I do not pretend to say that in all the disturbances
which have taken place the whites
have been wholly blameless. Undoubtedly,
they have done some things which they ongbt
not to have done. But some allowance must
be made for human nature. Men are likely
to become exasperated when their barns,
houses, stables, <xc., are burned to the ground,
and after they have succeeded in getting the
criminals convicted, see the Governor then
let them loose. I have conversed with some
of the most respectable citizens of Newberry
and Laurens counties?men whom to doubt
would be equivalent to pronouncing the entire
Southern people liars and scoundrels?and in
all cases the same complaint has been made.
The laws of the State are bad enough, they
say, but let them be fairly enforced, and there
willbenoku-klux. They declare it to be a notorious
fact that any negro who possesses political
influence can commit crime with impunity.
If even their oflence is so atrocious
that the negro juries are compelled to convict,
Governor Scott stands ready with a pardon
to set them free. Just previous to the last
election, (by way of illustration) several negroes
in Newberry county were convicted of
riotipg. They were sentenced to the penitentiary.
It so happened that they were influential
in politics, and they were turned loose.
ku-klux confe88ions.
Put together all the facts I have narrated,
and say whether there is any community in
the western States which would have resisted
the temptation to take the law into their own
hands. You-will hear a great deal about
what the prisoners arrested confess. As I telegraphed
you, some of them undoubtedly adI
.1 L-1 J lrn.lrln v nr.
muiea mai mey uemugeu m wc v>
ganization, but none have said that their object
was political. Reports of the character
of their confession, as published in the Union
of Columbia, cannot be relied upon, for that
paper is notorious for its efforts to reduce the
whites into abject submission to the negroes.
Its editor is a carpet-bagger, who has fattened
1 on the plunder of the State, and is interested
i in keeping up political agitation so that his
party may remain in power. I do not attempt
to lessen the force of any confession; I merely
propose to state the facts. It would be folly
to justify any acts of violence perpetrated by
the ku-klux it would be criminal to ignore
1 the provocation for them. They are the re*
*1
1