X
i
'S
r
1
3
tyhmxonlh
Bourbon Correspondence.
J. S. BEf.OER kHi J0!?l RilLURAfl EOnPRS. j
i
Teachers Institute.
Optics Boubbos MxRaoR. IPtTMorin, Ikd., Not. 27th, '71.
Louroon. Ind. Nov. 2j lfc, M Thfi j.
u u njyi-oodfcH McDonald, who, In few brief re
THURSDAY,- NOVEMBER "o, lS'il. tunet, gire jeu a few word, in regard i 9tated the
z -rr-zsz wlv- uci. i as (Jiu've is :u fail
The Chicago savs that over 3,000 "P'.on, aud I letr.i that Prrxsor Al
houses have been, erected in
visiua inceuha fire.
North Di- j len; the gentlemanly principal, gives great
of the Condemned
Communist Prisoners.
i bdlKvi:uoiu in suou, tnr luino. here i
that Mr. A.' is ius. the -.,.11. f.ir f,.r.
We rejoice to Sbi'l.tbat one Democratic tlieriug of the alread- well advanced in
paper, the JV". 4. ledfei; joiss m d r.oone- siitutioo. I hid tls treasure otcallinrr troon
of the Chirk County hiiaal ibe, College the other day, mid can
-afcl.y sar tV.at tie Pmfewiors are deter-
..that he had secured the services of Mr.
Chase, in conducting the exercises during
I the week. Mr. Chase then came forward
Mr. 6rr thought the teacher ought to Execution
be on the play ground and play with t
them. But the scholars shoakl not ad j
Mr. A. C. Hume wanted to know if he ParIs' .glveS lhe follow ing accoUnt of tlie
should correct a pupil for calling bun by
his given name.
The telegraph report of Tuesday, from
execution
Ing the lawless act.-trasrtdv.
Mr. Orr thought it should bestoppel
hilt llAt frt AnpiviM tlmm Iwif.-iwi tl.
and asked 'he teachers to take part in the
but privately.
uusiut-sb !iul vwh;, 1:1.1111; ueiuic meiii-
Mrs. Abbie Ai?e-McFarland-Ricliard
mi it now located in Chicago, and is;
managing a small printing olliee on
Twenty-Second street.
The Chicago Relief Society has un-1
dertaken the job of feeding, clothing and
housing and ghing employment to about
100,000 persons in the city of Chicago,
for the winter.
mm,
to make the school a success, at
feast S; far as aimortniiKi tn t'i nnniU
nere is v. talth euoueh in the church to
which llu- institution belonH the Duu
kard Society tj make it one of the grand
est acd most prominent wdleges in the
north west, and it is Iwlieved. a3 well as
hoped, that the church will crowd the
good work along to its completion.
The gentlemen of the Bourbon Mirror.
I Messrs. Mai tins' Iv fc Gecldes, are viaor-
Whcn wo think of the honorable and i oi,bl-v prosecuting the work of getting out
gentlemanly man who runs the Ft. Wayne their first paper, and, judging from the
ifrpub'Joi;, we are convinced there is not4amount of business they transact daily,
much in a name aitrr all. Stec-l sounds a" feel assnred that they will succeed and
hiid but suppose his name w.s changed bmW "P iu 'bis beautiful town a lasting
"Finauccer', would he be a better I and profitab e business profitable not on
man: Cotild he. be? ly to themselves, but alsv to the tow n and
to the" inhabitants of the surr-uiiding
count nr. tr rem a personal acouaintance
Jauer, in eilesia. A young girl who ha I j wuh Mr. Geddes of over three years, we
murdered her child was to be beheaded. nn ctf,i.. ti,:,t frtr hnn..fulns8
site tought de-sper- hi eouals arc few. and a to th c-niori
pai.'ner of the firm, aLV your reade.s are
A tearful scene was enacted recently at
W hen he was led out
ateiy wun tne execuinmer, who was not
able to kill her until Ire had shunned her
by a blow on the head with the handle of
las ax.
well acquainted witk libit; hence his sub
stantial Republican principles need no
i comment on our part. They will surely
lion. T. W ,vT,,p, W r-.rA in ,ho s. a ll 1 e"P- geTOnrnj aie .am.
saying that ""oreooiild be accomplished
in this wi., .nan to have the best teach
ers in the United States to do all fhe talking.
j On motion, T. 13. Orr" was elected Scc-
i re.tary J. H. L. Beih r, Vice-President
and an Executive Committee, consisting
'of Miss E. Bell,. Miss L. Cleveland, Mr.
I I ii t t,.:i ,i -r.. t tv. l.i..-:..
U. IX. la. XJLlCt Ulll 1.1... U. .LUlll.U, lfl3
appointed by the chair.
Then several gentlemen and ladies en
gaged in rather a miscellaneous discussion
which at one time grew quite interesting,
between Messrs. Chase, Beiler and Ash-1
craft. Subjects, irregular attendance,!
keeping a tardy state, punctuality of teach
ers, familiarity of teacheis with his pu
pils. No definite conclusion was arrived
at on these subjects, but were left with
the understanding that they would be
taken up again if time woidd permit.
On motion, R. II. Harvey was elected
en tic.
Adjourned to meet at 1 :f0p. m.
Monday, Nov. 21st, p. m.
Opened by singing.
School organization discussed by Mr.
H. B. Ai-hcn.tt.
He would first group the pupils ac
cording to ages. Second, he would have
the small children exercise in reading.
Mr. Beiler wanted to know what ho
should tell them to call him.
Mr. Orr said Mr., Miss or Teacher.
Mr. Chase wanted to know if it would
The commune prisoners, Rnsscl, Ferre,
and Bourgoise were taken to the camp of
Satary, the place of execution, under a
strong escort. A hollow square was
formed by the troops at one end of which
the prisoners were placed. The behavior
of the three men was most courageous.
The Older was given to blindfold them,
but Ferre refused to allow the bandage to
be placed over his eyes, declaring that he
should look Ins executioners in the lace.
not be best to tell them it was politeness j t 7 o'clock the company detailed for du
to call them Mr. or Miss. That in school 1 tv advanced and iired. "Rossel fell at the
Terre Uaute Joun.ol of Monday ninruins
in which he counsels peace and niodcra-
couipli-
i hold oft bo
work- r.-nA th nermtr. r:m do -VIi-'r rci.-e, opening. 1 uen mm
t ion in the Dcinx.ratic party,
incuts Alvord, and has the hi.
spect for those w ho denounce
lest re-
v. hat they f7? do. It Mes.-rs. H.& G. do
not get too radical on the political qv.es-!
tion, many Democrats have asserted their
lvoru as .,1
a wiii,ller Tn t-u-t Tnr J co nrnf t f a,i O. our 10 .Ml io utum up
his compliments of everybody "that we
suspect he counts himself fullv ia the rhia;
as a candidate for the Deniocnuie nomina
tion for the Presidency. Iud.-Cm ;h t hS.
to be a w?dery and favorably knov. ntown
we want car College io be advertised, and
j we want business generally writ 'en up,
and we do really and positively need a
good newspaper in our very midst, and we
-Tames Bent am us Esq., ag?d 7:5 years. intt ntl to support one." Miny Democrats
dl.-.l at the residence of his son-in-law, have already subscribed lor the paper.!
W. 11. M.-rttingty. in Kochcslrr, Iud., on j while more are giving their names on the!
Sunday the ltUh iust., of congestion of subscription list. Success to ihf Sour j
tiie stomach He wr- a resident of Chi-! ,Jn Mirror, U our prayer; long may it;
cago from 10. up to the time of the i "ve and high may its colors f.y. ami may
srrcat tire ii that city, when Ids household it in 1?T3 be cnablesl to chronicle the
goods wore consumed, and he found a 1 greatest Republican success ever recorded
home with las daushter in Rochester. i American hi.-tory.
tiplicatiou table orally, outline geogra
phy. Mr. Beiler asked the gentleman how
he enrolled his pupils.
Mr. Ashcaift answered some times by I
families, and sometimes alphabetically.
Mr. Chase aked how he procured uni
formity in text -books; whether a teacher
should teach five or six classes from five
or six text books, or by law, should com
pel the parents to provide suitable books
3Ir. Ashcrafi replied lie had generally
gone around this.
Mr. Chase spoke of purchasing the
bo iks at public expenvj.
Mr. McDonald thought that the Trus-t'-es
h:..l not the power to decide as to
what the text books should be, and to
provide Ileal.
He was a highly e-.tccnic'J number of the
M:w.nic rratcrnltr.
Excursion parties of five or ir;-we can
make the round ttip to Washington and
back, at half fuv, from the fiiiowingi
piar-es in this Sate, d'trin the ses-ion of;
Viugres Indianapolis. Ru.-hvillc, Con-'
nersville. Richmond. I.afayt ile, Shelby-!
Wile. I.-a-.vrepcehnr'r Vincrnnes. Mitchell.
North Vcrn-.n end sY-ysnor.r. Pa: ties ia
Kokomo, Peru. Plymouth and Laporte j
-an procure half fare to Iniiiaiti'poli
tipplication t Suj-'vipt. n.'lent 1 u-y.
I. Chatm r.
CVr. Cl.!r-:.-o .If-;
they should not call their niates by nick
names. He thought a private lecture
would end in a farce. It would be better
to speak of it before the school.
Mr. R. A. Hume wanted to know if a
scholar was injured in school, he would
prohibit that play.
Mr. Orr said it would depend upon the
C'.se. There was danger in all plays.
Mr. Chase wanted to know wbat he
would do with a pupil' who would com
mit any particular offense, or violate a
single rule but once; but would commit
a multiplicity of offenses, or violate a
number of rules.
Mr. Orr thought he could find out if
thej' were taking advantage of him, and
that he should change the puishhient.
Pupils knew whether the' would be
punished or not.
Mr. McDonald wanted to kno what
he considered a severe punishment,
Mr. Orr said it was different in Jitrerent
cases. Some would dislike to be whipped
and others to be talked to.
Mr. Chase wanted thc gentleman to
suggest some modes of punishnuut.
Mr. Orr thought changing stats was a
good punishment.
Mr. Chase had not heard any but ob
jectional punishments. He did not think
it the light plan to oblige a boy to sit
with a girl as a punishment. He would
teach the boys that it was an honor to sit
with the iiirls, and not a disgrace.
could not suggest any mode of punish
ment. Mr. Orr. could not tell how he would
punish a pupil until he knew ths offense.
Mr. Chase thought if a girl were obliged
to sit with a boy, it would teach her that
it was a disgrace, which would affect her
when she grew older.
Mr. McDonald asked Mr. Chase .if he
believed in the use of ths rod in any case, j
Mr. Chase answered yes. j
Mr. Ashcraft said he had used the rod j
hist discharire, and was instantly killed
The bullets did not take immediate effect
upon the others, and as they were writh
ing, the same shooting party, in obedi
ence to instructions, came up with pis
tols, gave them the coup di grace, and put
them out of their agony. The bodies
wett then placed in plain coffins and im-
media ely enoied. The execution took
place in the presence of .5,000 Troops. A
profound sensation was produce.1 through
the ci y by the details of the death if
young liossel, who is much lamented.
There wis an agitation in the city to
day over the eqpected fate of the com u
nists. luliueuces were used to secure the
pardon of Rossel, but they w ere unavail
ing, as a ti-ipatch frnm Versailles in
noun. e l tl.a Rossel and two of his cim
panions bad been shot.
Lk i5',"',' j,!' i1 J fe f Is s t b -WMfsMm
The engine has come, and A Hawlcy has just received and added to his stick a large lot of new
Boots, Shoes, Leather, and Boot and Shoe Findings
And there may now be found, at his Store
4,000 Pairs of Men's and Women's Boots and Shoes,
2,000 PAIRS OF YOUTHS' AND CHILDREN'S BOOTS AND SHOES.
OJT ALL C3-TIDJhS JISTID IICEIS.
From which a selection can be made to suit every bod', of every taste whatever, and of prices rallying
from 23 cents up to So, among which may be found the
CELEBRATED CUSTOM MADE, PHILADELPHIA. FRENCH KID. SIMJN KID,
wealthy, enterprising farmer in Michi- and PebbI o Goat, Lace lial., for ladies, evfrv pair warranted. Also, the noted Biocher and Cuicago K.ip an I
gan, just a short distance over the line i Calf Boot wlitcli cannot be excelled for durability.
from Indiana. His farm was very large, j In fact there never were better inducements offered in Plymouth to buy goods in this line than ia now of
well stocked, supplied w ith reapers, mow- j ered at the
ers, and everything else needful to make CUTTM OTP TTTTH frOT TyRi'M BOOT!
Found Guilty. Robert Ackey, the
counterfeiter, whose trial at. Indianapolis
Sheriff Glover and others l om this place
and Mishawaka attended last week, w as
found guilty on Saturday. He will be
sentenced this week by Judge Gresham,
of the United States Circuit Court.
Ackey, our readers will remember,
passed counterfeit money on several mer
chants in Mishawaka. At his trial it
was developed that a few years ago he was
his calling one of pleasure and profit, lie
very often, if right was i ol pu s e l.
spirit in the Sunday school and cla.-s
j room a man always at his post summer
j or winter, although he lived seven miles
distant. In the days of his religious and
secular prosperity, along came a "strange
woman" and fastened upon him like a
leech. In 1808 he fell from grace. Short
ly forty acres of the farm was sold t
satisfy her rapacity and gratify his own
'licentious habits. Soon another forty
went under the hammer, and so on, fn m
b id to worse, until now he stands ad-
I judged a felon, by twelve competent jury-
is added a very lar'e lot of fronts. Cloth, Kid-faced, and Ruck Gloyes and Mils of every style
t vt:ls fl y(!lliltl fMi.lmli nipnt ui n (;u tnir i a i .1
TI AH IO UllS
I i ...l Tr t .1.
and there will be constant auditions made irotn time to nine to siock aim supply me ueuiau.i ivei.it-iuub. u.w
place is
IJo. IC, Gd!2cr BjoI, West Side Michigan Street, Plymouth. Indiana.
PROSPECTUS FOR 1872.
FIFTH YEAR.
A Representative antt .Ch uiija'o of Amrriran Art,
The Condition of the Park Fami
It.
Mr. Chase thought they had the power
to do so in city public schools, and he -Wl mm. St. Jo. Roister
I thought it might be so in country schools. Knew what n?ht aml wr,m wc,e"
.Mr Baldwin spoke of the time wasted 1 vnmAl a '0U1,S lat1 1,0 woulJ SL'nd List of Patents
he th--tight the teachers ...u P"-i iied from the United States Patent Of-
THE ALDINB
An IlluUmtprf Monthly Jnnrnal chiitufri to the lt nid
tvtnrtt I'vyer in lite WotUl. i
;iOivp nw love to.!... arlHt ii'orUnH'n .if THE
i 1. 1) IXE nre striving to innke tticir roIp-sinR I
I worlny t aiinirali"it lor le;..u. :ts it lu.K iil..a4
hdta tot nsetli!tlt-.s." litn.ij Wind 'tti-.'cr. j
Of the condition
L.Kiiue ;inii nc.eu, so ieariuin. maugieu i
b' the negro murderers, a gentleman who
visited them al their residence in Clark
county, Friday, Says: "The girls arc
able to converse intcl'iiiiblv. They
still at the bouse' where their father,
mother and vounger brother were killed,;
and as carefully cared for as kind friends I
son a,iu near relatives can. They each oeca-
died ry a Ion.- hed in opposite corners of the j
i room, ana can see ami couvere witn cacn
"J--
l,c. other if they wish I
iu organiiing-
m'mht make a lee
.1 nea.lv correct be. her sufficiently. Latdy he had usd j ficc to Inu-l!llla Inventors for the weekend
of the Park f.irls j i the rod but very little.
1 fore school commenced. He would nrst!
bv
Whcn we reached the
Wiloou Chvrry. ag'Hl i.bout :V5y..ars
f Gen. G. V Clierr;.-. of Plymouth,
iuthis plac-j la.-t Satur.'.3v. Tl." d-.-.-e
ne-er held oflici.d sta'ion. nor
pos-sessed of much woildly go.-.'s. yet
was he hiahiv c.-teviued bv a htrae circle much danger.
i-t' friends and acquaintances. The dis- house, ITe'.en. the youngest, aged fotir
f.ise to w hich he succumbed fastened on teen years, was sitting up in bed and eat-hi-
U.ngs while he was in the service of ing, though her injuries are by far tie
bis country, in the Twenty-Ninth Regi-, worst, and all physicians who h;ue tx
meiit of Indiana V..lunt.-crs. He was a auiiued her head declare her recovery im
bravt and trusted soMKr. a s .l.-er and possible, and look for lier death at anv
Imnpst citizen, a kind husband aad aa in- moment. Her skull received several
.'ulgcut father. He leaves a small family blows with both poic and blade, crushing
in straiten .-1 circviiu--ti.n'.vs. J?-c'. i ko an esrg-shcll.
i
V,, t A portion of the skull over the left eye
II IWM I IIIJMUMjrT .1. .1
i is cone, and t lie orain proiruaes irom uie
lesson
j of the reading classes then organize the
other classes, and if anv one in any of;

j these are not competent, to ;nace them in j
a lower class daring next recitation so j
j that by noon, the lirst day, would be or-
j gaui.'.ed. After school, to make out a
j peiin ment programme.
Mr. Beiler asked Mr. Ashcraft, what i
he di'l with classes which had not fm-J
ished a book by the end of the term j
Mr Ashcraft said he first examined
1'KIZF.S.
THE A1.H1XK. while ixmeil kI- all (lie rncr.l-
in- iiy. has m.l.p ol the tenimia. v or ti-b interest
ing Nov. 21. 1871, and each liearin-" -h-.r.-i.-riiie ..f -ir-lniwy .-ri.iu-..i. it is le-:
cant uiiFCrllimv "I ill.-. 1 ivi.t alei u-m. elul liter;.-
That date, i urnu-hed this naner bv COX tun-, ami a ..n.eii.oi ..r i.i.-.n.-. ih ran st r-pc-i-
Miss Dickson did not believe much in j .1- nr.- tli:,.itnr ,if it,.i,t Wo 1,;,, i fnitir -koi. inhiaek !.iie. Aiitionnh
"A, Miutuors ot i akuts, ashing-jra,.h tlM,,lh i,rl,iii ir-,i, ia,-.,....,.
prizes. It was right to teach the pupil, it ton jj. c. u Mmto, n.'.- teal i-,..i tit: I
was fr their goal to exert and that they j T k T v T u v 11 AUlst in- ....t ap.e.aie.. m r ,1 i,.-,-
a. A.i.iiii.. .1 v, 11 .11u1i.it imiiiiIii ill. al inr iioe 01 i:e ir.n. i- ir-ui i
1 tut for f'l,..; f',,it, 1;,, 1 v T Kimilar chins. lit: A h if a ii-.i'iie anil urii:-
L111U loi t ham Couplings, 1. i. Lanio, ilml( H,1,,:1ei,.ii-,u..i.,..-
lm AlbitUV- 1 IV wuhntir toimw-rflti n tti tn v -t::i i act r. i
Chiisc asked what she would i Gas Macllinc. W. T. McMiller. Rich
noi siuuy lor
Neither seems to reaUaethat they are in lLem in nottttion al!,i onumenttion then
separate'
d
-We coiiiued twcntv-s.ix edi- i
Wiji).
torial articles in on..- number of the largest
and best newspaper in the state of Indi
ana, all in relation to its own business
exclusively l.id.-.- advertisements and
.....ot v;. ..,11,- ,.t: .:...t
s' iin mill ii.'.ii.ts 1. .'L.ICI c 1
bandasres removed from her
luit 11 1 1 ri 1 1 .r e.i 1 inr It on .i,-n.
"V 1 .v r; 1 11 .,i.i. 1 nil..' 17111, IIU II I I 1
;i --p WOi'ls till 1 ttiljniv .lt1ir Tli-il i t lit.
r -condition a.
jvinu oi ei.ierpnse. uiai wins., ami 01 course j
is sensible: although slow-going editors j
will look upon it as an evidence of vanity.
Advertising pays and the publisher of a
newspaper who does not make use of the
advantage be possesses, is either wanting
iu tLat kind of knowledge that leads to
success or lacks the industry to avail
himself of it.
opening as large as a common-sized goose
egg. They complained very little to-day
of pain iu their heads. Eveline, the old
est, who is nearly nineteen, is entirely ra
tional and talks freely. We saw- the
head bv the
ivsiciaa, revealing the skull in as bad a
that of her sister.
There is scarcely a possibility that eith
er can recover, though Eveline's chances
arc by far the best, as a skillful examina
tion has revealed the fact that the thin
membrane is not broken, and consequent
ly no brain has escaped, though a glanc
ing blow with the blade'of the ax made
an ugly displacement of the skull. In all
probability, however, both will die within
the next thirty days. On our arrival,
Helen's pulse was 12?, and irregular, w ith
no unnatural warmth, but some little
fever. Eveline's pulse was 118, and quite
regular."
them according to their exam-1
.nation. And every v.eek examined
j them in the same. If he found any furi.Ii-1
j er advanced in practice, than iu principle, i
I persuaded them to go into a lower class, j
i Mr .Chase thought he might organize it j
iu one d;vj but not classify. He thought
11c ought to examine the omuls, if he did
in such a way as not to make the pupil
think he was trying to show his superi
ority. He might let them join a class
then put them into a lower if necessary.
He thought every sch ol ought to have
j a clock and a programme. If the Trus
tees woulu not buy a clock the teacher
ought to buy one himself.
useful to him when he got married.
There should be system. They should
make out the programme for small chil
should not be paid for it. It created
strife.
Mr. Chase uskc
do with those who would
their own good. i
0 1
Miss Dickson replied that if they had
not the ambition to work for themselves j
they would not work for a pi i.e.
Mr. Chase thought that if the prize'
were costly enough, all would woik for I
if- 'j
Miss Dickson said that they would
spend all their timeon the study for which
the prize was given. She spoke of spcl- j
ling.
Mr. Orr said that generally the best
spellers were the bust scholars.
Mr. Chase sai 1 some dropped tlvj rod
and used the prize that they h.id cloe
connection. The question was whether
they should coax, drive, or depend upon
the good principles of the pupil.
Miss Bell did not believe in whipping,
except in extrerae cases, and then in such
It would be a manner that they-would not wish it re
peated.
Mr. Ashcraft said that when he taught
spelling he obliged them to knew the
j lv v itinnit
j IOM-rWir Ol
tl..- v.,i.,.,ie in-, i.-te.i eannot .in oTPfit narfrn.ins Tiiisb m2v
Iilieate the .Miaul it. ol 1:: o- ra er n iol ent a. Irjx i 11 O
I ant oilier jLape or uiaii'.i;!' ot voluaiei. iir tei iiiae- 1-",C1 i"fV70
ielal-orofttet.ini; Til F .1 1 HIS K len 'v en ll.
it
pi-ejm is mi j;re.:t lh.it r-v.-ziil
lion. irh the t-i:ei! loll ol
allv reserveil lor hintlioj;. the
ri-.uly extiaiie. .1, aitU ii is t.
Valll ;lile Imok.
.iii--
It'J 13 Ollt Ot II. I
a -mall linntoi-r he
eilili oi ol' 1ST I, is
"W a Kiirif i:s well
Nem Albany.
Gas Machine
mond.
Ditching Machine, T. Taylor, Indian
apolis. j
Cone for Locomotive Smoke Stacks, D. j
B. Sfroiic. Ft. Wavr.e.
Telegraph insulator, g. w. Kidweii, New Features for 1872.
El w ood.
I)eC-IIivc,' J. "WUculilosi, Oiixutlmrg.
Churn Dasher, E. J. Ashton, Utica.
Hog Lifting Machine, J. Dagley, Gts
liort. Fence, B. F. Mears, Washington.
Prepared Glue, J. F. Peiing, Rich
mond. Stove Lid, W. Teamer, Evansville.
Wagon Jack, J. Weathers, Greensb irg.
SIMON BSCKBR" will occupy this space next
week with a new advertisement, relating the
he had in Dry Goods at
ART DK!ARTIKNT.
Tl. pii Im-in-i ic stij-V't
i their t -1 1 1 I" 1 1 1 iff. whrtepr
yn ronvinc.'il j u' i-her
1 i i fijuii(lii. t;s i-t' lli' ir ih-1
l nililtc wtit.ltt j eff'uh'ut' mill 'f:trii:
i-'mcre -t!"t"t tu pU-v.it' t";f ami
I lustr.ttei. "iUc..iiin Thar m
j uii 1m! shi t If t iiifl I In t ve is
i !m r- is tii mtiKi t t r anuliji t.'-t
leiiihiv hcc. n'l-'l
hit iM-fii int iImci"
-t 77-: .SLUISI-:
y tl -i T lhe A;n--i'i-:i
cnin.: t mi v I
iiaiil:r.1 -t" i T- j
i vi ili'ui'c i i 4 1
st. ct-f-s ci 'j H
I jd .M.f of I It- i" i i
Jitltl f fitieli V:ii i.
wttloiiK, anl lii.'
i ii i lutii il t h-
A,'M.' in'in t lit .-;an is Htm t
rarv. Willi a p- j.ii! .tl imi mi uid,
1 !ar-. :i piUti-!if i- ran nliiX'So his
paper i rati: r iml il' il i e Sit
,.w;e i.C tl.' fniiitti y. Ask hm:iimm-
dren so as to show the time, not only for meaning of the words, and taugl.t out j
General Packard was in tow n yester
day, looking after the interests of our bar
bur. He found everything in good shape
and has no doubt of the concurrence of
Congress in the recommendations of Col...
Houston, the Government Engineer in j
charge. Much of our success is the result The Origin of the Chicago Fire.
of the untiring vigilance and labor of our The Triune says that the investigation
Congressman; and we deem it fortunate Jno.v in progress by the Commissioners,
for our City, County and State, that the has brought out the following facts
advocacy of proposed additional improve- j That Mrs. O'Leary went to bed at half
ment and extension of the public works past 8 o'clock on the night of the fire, on
at this Port will be under the same fddll- account of her "sore lut that.Pat Mc
ftd management. Laughlin, the fiddler, resides in the front
General Packard leaves for Washing-1 parf of the O'Leary mansion; that Mrs.
ton next Monday. City Enter- Svdli van, who lives opposite the O'Learys,
j did not save as much from the nie as she
i could twist around her finger; that Mrs.
O T arv heard Mrs. White say that Mc
Laughlin had a party, and the party
wanted oysters, and the oysters wanted
milk to be "shtewed"' in, and that they
went out and milked her (O'Loary's) cow
and that, finally, considerable know-noth-ingism
can be developed among the Irish,
since none of the people in that vicinity
have any idea of how long it was, or how
far the fire had got, before the engines ar
rived. The McLaughlins acknowledge
that they were having a social entertain
ment in honor of a "green-horn" relative
w ho had just arrived from Ireland. (The
A. II. Conner, recently Chairman of the
Republican Central Comndttee, of this
S:ate, and the immediate predecessor o
Bright, in the office of State Printer, has j
settled with Attorney Gen. Hanna, by se
icuring to the State the sum of tjlM$9G.50
a portion of the amount drawn upon false
vouchers and illegally drawn, w hile hold
ing te office of State Printer. The con
ditions are that Conner's bondsmen be
released from further obligations. Con
ner savs that the-amount is largely in ex
cess of his ability to pay, but for the as
sistance of friends.
Bright don't propose to pay back what particulars of this entertainment were los.
be lias stolen but wants to be, elected for j by tie destruction of the Timai newspa-
another term. Probably by that means i;per.) at they deny having indulged in
he .might steal enough more to get a fa- j my punch or oyster "sUws," or having
vorable compromise out of the State. milked the O'Leary cows after Mrs. O',
hiul "-one to bed. All tne witnesses
M. CciLAfoS,
recenliy one of the
i 1 1. ii'.io nil rtF oliu.
n.oirt r.in'nOII T ill lllf.ItT l. A uiiv
editors and publishers of the Ft. W ayne the h llDcl (bat the fire was
fi'-puUieae,. has accepted the. position of on tlie' side of. the barn
dt-cretarv and manager oi uie ruirun
Pimting Co. of Chicago. V. ii- bteeie,
continues the publication of the Hepubli
io.ii and is now its sole editor and propri
etor. Under theimanagTment of Messrs.
Steele Cullatoii the -BtpUican has in
the six months since its publication com
menced, gained an enviable reputation.
Cullaton'3 present position is no donbi
Uiore lucrative than the one he has left
.and is more to Us taste, as he will havQ
am
first
where the shavings were stored.
There seems to be a slight difference in
the opinion of the w ituesses examined
but that was to be expected.. No two
witnesses to a dog fight ever saw the af
fair in exactly the same light.
Last Saturday night four prisoners
overpowered the jailor in Franklin, as he
taking in their supper, miu escape".
was
ii
r rmarharired with murder, was speeoaiy
nip ieone ror nis trenius at uie nejio oi:"
rppontueed. The other
large JOO OUjec7-ttc uut vji iuc ue&i
Job printers in tne
excellent man.
three have not
They are M. C.
recitation, but for study of each lesson.
To divide them into divisions. It is well
enought to hold older schollars account
able for recitation, but not for study.
Mr. Harvey asked Mr. Ashcraft what
he would do the first thing the first morn
ing.
Mr. Ashcraft would call the smaller
children, who needed his assistance most.
Mr. Beiler was not satisfied and asked
further.
Mr. Ashcraft told the pupils who had
been in a class the term before, to enter
the same class again.
Mr. Beiler said he would go around and
find out where each one belonged.
Mr. Chase did not agree with Beiler.
He would like to know what the pupils
would do while the Teacher was passing
around. He thought they would be in
mischief. He thought the first thing
should be to assign lessons to the reading
rlasses. To commence by hearing the
ABC darians, then call up each class
and organize it.
Mr. Beiler thought the first half hour
was the quietest part of the day, and again
recommended his first suggestion.
Mr. Chase arose and asked thorn to
drop the Professor from betore his name.
He thought it was not best io hear a class
in arithmetic before they had a lesson as
signed them but it would make no differ
ence to hear a reading class.
Mr. Baldwin asked Mr. Beiler if he
took a paper around to each pupil to clas
sify them.
Mr. Beiler said he found out how far
they had advanced and kept in his mind
without writing. While he was assign
ing one, others in the same class would
hear and commence studying.
Mr. Chase would like to know why it
was not-just as well to ask before the
school, it there were any who would like
to commence at the beginning of the
Itook. They would raise their bauds and
be w ould assign them a lesson, and if
there were others who wished to com
mence at other places in the book, he
would assign them lessons accordingly.
SCHOOL GOVERNMENT.
Mr. Orr said he adopted Mr. Nash's
proposition of last year's institute. The
first thing to say was that no one was to
rommit anv wrons during the term. This
was sufficient. He would punish accord
ing to circumstances. He would punish
more by moral suasion, and avoid
whipping and expelling! For the second
offense, the same. Let all filay 'all they
please. If there were quarrels among me
line geography, offered prizes for the two
con bined aud that he succeeded very well
by giving the prize at the end of eleven
months.
Report of Programme for iTicsday
morning read by the Secretary Mr: Orr.'-
Singing.. Adjournment.
Report will be continued next week.
Bourbon Items.
BY TATTLER.
Bourbon, Ixd. Xov. 27th 1ST1
The health of this community peihaps
was never better than now.
Winter, cold winter is here, witl his
chilling blasts and his cold still nigl.ts.
Grayson H. Parks, an old resident of
this county, who was extensively known,
died very suddenly in this vicinity! last
week, mourned by his family and oany
firiends.
Business appears very good in Bourbon,
clover seed was sold in large quattities
last week.
There is to be a big Dunkard meeting,
here, commencing the 5th of Dec some
very able preachers are to be present'Trom
Ohio and Pennsylvania.
'Tis said that O. W. Miller, whi' was
formerly employed in Salem College as
a teacher, but who was removed from
said responsibility, is now intending to
establish a new wing or branch t) the
German Baptist Church, as a reformer
not regarding dress or the fashions of the
world as anything worth prohibiting in a
religious order. If so-it will probabiy be
popular. with hickory Dunkards and the
masses generally, and he will have t full
school at Warsaw.
The Teacher's Institute holds its session
in Plymouth this week, and our teihers
will be with you. f
The Bourbon Mirror will have a col
umn ro two devoted weekly to the inter
ests of teacher s institutes, schools, col
leges and teachers, and 'the friends of ed
ucation are cordially invited to cofBmu
nicate for the paper weekly, if I tinder
stand the wishes of the editiors and pub
lishcrs. :s
Alexis attended church in New York
Sunday
The Secretary of Interior has completed
his report.
Greeley has written something relative
to his Presidential aspirations. He says
he shall never make himself a candidate.
Quite likely.
Senator Morton, of Indiana, delivered a
lecture at Providence, Rhode Island, hist
Saturday evening, on the National Idea,
before an audience of two thousand per
sons. The most eloquent preacher in Italy is
said to be a monk at Sorrento,
separated from the church on account of
the infallibity dogma. His name is Fra
Girardini.
i lee -f lhe evei ll. lo'e of .his .:ei;i rt lie n I
itshcrs wolilil h" Io al lioill le .In. Ml-; 11
j .Vear, il'e..i. ileus 1. 0 m the e.lSW ill .-ajiue.
can nr. islf
1-
ii'K
lineri
W. T. lil. har la. Win. II. Wile-X,
Win. Hart, .lain II. ll.-anl,
W 111 Iteaill, .lalliew SlhileV,
Oeort-e Smiley, K. t'nc,:-t.
Alls Will, Frank Tianl,
Oiaitilville Perkins. Tan! J-iv-n,
K. O. O. I) 11 ley, J. Iluvii.
Victor Xehli.i,
These are behifr reproiliieeil ..ithout ieir.ir.1 to 11
petoe h.T the very lie-it eny;ravi r in ihe country,
anil will bear Ih severest crietieal comparison .villi
the h'sit foreign work, it L -inj; Oi-i ile erinina.ion
or the piilili.heitf that Hit: .1 I.DI SK shall be a
Succef.-il..l vinilieation of A in-ri'M.i ta.lo in coniiie
titim with anv exh-lil.ff laililn;' 1 ii,.i in the vioiiii
I. IT KK Alt Y DKPARTMEM,
Where so iim:h Htleiniuli is i-airt to illiitiatiHi
nil pet lip of I lie work, too iiiueh .lependence on
appearance may very liatniHllv hn feared. To an
ticipate mich misgivings, it is only necepsaly 10
RtHte, that, the editorial manacenroiit of Till:
Who lias I LlJlt. has been mtmsted to Mil. IIICU.M11
II EX K V sTi-IlDAUK, who has re.eiveil aimlraiiCi-
of auMMauce Irom b host of the lliodt popular wri
ters and inn..-, of .he roiintrv.
THK VOLIM: FOR 1872
will coniaiu nearly ano paes, ami about ".0 fine
Aio-niviiiirM Oimir.ieiifi.iir u-ith the niinilaT lor
It is Said by gentlemen recently arrived January, every third number will contain a beait-
titiil tinted picture ou plate paper, insi iie.i as a
frontispiece
The Christmas number for 1ST2. will be a splen
did volume in itself, containing fifty enravi.ijrs,
(lour in tint) and, although leltiiled at 1 will Le
em without extra cha.ge to all 5 cai ly subset i-
bvrs.
A Chroma o rr- Sitbtscrlbrr
wns a very popular feature laet year, and will be re
peated with the pie-nit volume. The publisher.t
inve pnrc-hased and reproduced, ot great expense,
the Ircamiftil oil painting by Skis, entitled '1)AE
NjtTi'RK's School." Vlie chrbmn is Ilxl3iiicl.es,
and i an exact fac simile, in nize and appearance,
of the original j.ictire. No Anteiican chronio,
which will at all compar. with it. has vet been of
feied at retail tor lees than the price asked for THE
ALhlSf and it together. It will be delivered live,
with Ihe J. iima. v number, to every subscriber who
pays for one year in advance.
TERMS FOR
from Utah that Minister Schenck's con
nection with the Emma MiningCompany,
as one of the directors, is of recent occur
rence. Senator Stewart is or was recent
ly in London on business connected with
the mine.
School Books. II. B. Pershing is
prepared to furnish School Books to sup
ply all the schools in Marshall county, at
reduced rates. Call and see him about it
T AJTEn. Toemploy, a girl or woman ho
f can do f
H ABB WAKE!
general housework, and who is a good
cook. To snch a person I will give steady employ,
ment and good wages. Good references required.
uov3U-tf. H.G.THAYER,
Hogs 1
liressed Hogs. Dressed
lO.O OO
Dressed Hogs wanted at the Yellow Watchrnse, for
wuich I will pay the highest market price iu cash.
novtJO-5t. 11. G. THAYER
JOHN MUELLER,
Fashionable Barber
AXI
JIAIB DBESSEE,
South Side of Laporte Street.
PLYMOUTH, INDIANA.
ov23-ly.
Pittsburgh, Ft. W. Chicago
Condensed Time Card Nov. 12.
EAIN GOIN6 WEST
r STUNK
T .1 Crvnl
west and withal an. since Deen. I nnnlla falk to .hem before.1 or after the
Williams, a MetllOOlSl preaeuv;-, v..fev.i. r-r--.-- t
hafthe ability to make a first with horse stealing -W i Csui teacher bl
Tne President bas'.'finishe-'i ,tle Iraft
of his annual message, and tlie usual care
is taken to prevent premature exposition
of its contents. Nor w'il ae risk the
printing of it in advance of the delitvry
of the document to Congress. All the
copies will be in manuscript.
Pittsburgh,
Rochester,
Alliance,
Orrville,
Mansfield,
Crestline, j j
Forest,
Linta
Fort Wayne,"
Plymouth,
Chicago
No. l.No 5.
MAIL.
7 M AM
8.45 -11.45

1.MFM
4.22
6.CKJ
6.10
7 .M)
8.00
1 1.4U
2.25 PU
6.30
I 46M
IJbZ
6.05
6.33
8JI8
9.10
f.30
10.53
11.52
2.10 pm
4.17
7.20
Mo. 7. No. 3.
P. O. IX. HI. EX.
OncCfpv, oe yrnr. Kilh Oil llirouio, S5.IO.
Five C'ojJiM, 20.00.
Any persi.r. .sending 10 names and $10 will re
ceive an extra copy j rat is, making 11 copies lor the
money.
Any person wishing to work for a premium, can
have' our premium circular ou tiiivi.. vv
give many beautiful and Ue-irable articles offered
by no othe. paper.
Any person wishing to act, permaneti'-ly, as our
agent, will apply, with leerence, enclosing Si for
out lit.
JAMES SUTTON CO.,
PVBLIKHEHS,
83 Liberty Street, New Y ork.
NUSSB AUM MAYER
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
ON THE
EAST SIDE OF MICHIGAN ST.
PLYMOUTH, INI)
rEEP EVERYTHING OF THE
BUCK TO AN,
GISIVEKAIL DEALERS
IN
U.30AM
I-J 42
I.H5PM
.3.23
5.S5
6.10
6.:io
8.28
9.50
12.30a
3.05
6&.0
230 Tit
L 3.38
o.o
7.47 -K.46

10.10
10.20
11.43
12.4HAM
2.55
6.10
8.20 PM
TRAINS GOING EAST.
No. 8.
MAIL
J. B. Conner, of the Kentland Gazette,
has been jsued for damages in the Circuit
Court by J. B. Spottswood, of the New
ton Democrat, tlie action being based on
an alleged false publication. The damage
claimed is $3,000.
Chicago,
Plymouth,
Ft'. Wayne,
Lima,
Fo.est,
Crestline, J
Mansfield,
Orrville,
Alliauce,
Rochester,
Pittaimrgh,
No. a.
r'STLlNB
No. 6.
PAC KX.
No.
CMI. XP.
550 am 1 9.20 am 5 35 pm 9.20 pm
9.45 12.05 PM 9.05 12.40am
12.40pm 2.W .I.3S t d.15
3.05 4.20 I 1.42 6.05 -4.20
6.2.1 60 6 22
A I 6J-0 6.40 I 4.2l e tia
D li.tWAM 7. 0 4.30 -w
I2.O0 rM I 7.28 5.O0
2.25" 9 20 7.00' H.t!
4.4H U.oO- iJil 1-15 -.'M
7 17 1.04 am 11.05" 3-3U
8 35 2.10 12.10pm 4 45pm
-m- r i.. Mn.idav: Koa. 6. 7. 9 nC X,
no. i, jiiiij, tta..,,.
Daily, except Sunday; Nca. 3 and 6 Daily, u, 1,
Uaily, except Satorday and S.indiiT
F. R. MYERS, Gen. Paa. Ticket Agt.
K1
heat nuality in their line, which they pro
pose to sell on the most reasonable terms. They
aUo buy all kinds of
COUNTRY PRODUCE, HIDES
AND PELTS,
or which they w til pay the nigbestmarkct price in
cash,
Furs being made a specialty at this house, all per
sons who hritig thoir Coon. Mnskrat, Oppoesnm,
Miik, tier, and other Furs can lee I assured that
they will receive the highest, cash price.
octI2-m6.
vYo. llichiffttn t
PLYIVIOUTH, INDIANA.
WE A RE y 0 W PRE PA RED TO SHOW YOU
A FULL STOCK OF GOODS IX OUR
LIXE. WHICH WILL BE SOLD
LOW FOR CASH. CALL
AXD EXAM IS E FOR
YOURSELVES.
BOOTS AND SHOES,
PETER STEGMAN,
Boot and Shoe Maker,
Shop Bonlh of l.nporfe 8trpett third door from
corner ot Luporie iiua nicnigan ois.
PLYMOUTH, INDIANA.
boots .asrx) shoes
mwde of tne very lst quality of leather kept, con
stantly on hand and made to order in any style de-
"irRd" II EPAI H X N O
of all kinds n-atly done n short notice
octI PETER STEGMAN.
class paper and the "get up
jx do it.
to go ana wiui rape uu 4 gnd fttch th(( playing.
with Btaling fdotmng. I f o
3
r