Mijmar.
Corns i*0(l Com Doctor!*.
From this New Tork Time*.
The properly qualified professional ex
ercises is an art of inestimable value. The
reliel fruity pain and the restoration ol
crippled powers ?Ken produced by them
can hardly be overestimated. There an
numerous cakes on record vy here ignorant
np'dtirta havy attempted by cli^maily cut
tiu&orby the use of powerful caustic or
potash, to euro a simple corn, and bave
thus rendered the patient a miserable,
miserable sutlerer, until cured by a skill*
I ill practitioner, in one case a gentleman
was induced by a voluble street itinerant
to submit to bis treatmcat,; "Only twenty
live cents id the charge, and u loricil ol
paid if the cure is not perfect and
complete." The corn was cut and a
preparation of potash applied. Tho patient
weut about as usual, and the corn
disapj>eured. lint the subtle poison the
I.How hud applied continued to eat iu frown
n I the bone, which was readied and
all'ected. Mortiticutinu set in, und the foot
was amputated at the ankle. A Secondary
amputation was uiude ut the knee,
and ugain ut the tbigh, but the
lungs of death darted on, pierced
the vitals, and in sixteen days from the
time the nuack'tt operation had been mode,,
tho ^patient was a corpse. Siinilur
nines ill a less degree are constantly coin
.surgeons, ami vet many t>( the perambulating
rascals, who cause tlio injury,escape
arrest and punishment, and peddle their
vile comi>ounils aa usual. Borne time ago
a man came into the ofllcu of Dr. Kice,
corner of Uroadway and Fulton atreet,
and had several coma taken oil. The
charge was llfty ccnta each. "1 could
have done that myself, it is so simple," he
said. "Then you might have saved the
money you paid me, replied the doctor.
Ves, I have cut corns tor a number of
folks out our way in the country; what
will you tako (or that lancet t" ho asked.
The price' was named and paid. The leilow
Iclt and entered tin adjacent clothing
store. While purchasing a suit there, he
noticed a man snllering from corns, and
declaring himself a corn cloctor, induced
the man to allow him to operate. The
corn was cut?so whs an artery, and the
carpet was ?<>on reeking with gore. The
operator said: "Tffat's nothing, tbo blood
will relieve the foot." lie then went to a
drug store for some lint, and never was
wen again. Dr. Kice was sent for, and
when he came, the man had fainted; six
weeks elapsed beldro the paticut recov
i> red.
Tliu chiro|>odal practice embraces the
treatment of corns, warts, bunions, inverted
nails, club nails, brolani nails, tumor*,
and water sacs. A corn is an accumulation
of cxclcftcent skin, hardened by
pressure or friction. A soil corn is only
ililllcult because il is protected between
the toes and extends into the flesh. It is
erroneous to suppose that tight boots or
.lines is tho solo cause ot corns. Farmers
are very generally atllicted, not from tlm
pihehirfg of their boots, which arc largo,
Inn irom friction. The scams in socks or
stockings aid a tight shoe in raising corns.
There is no root to n corn, as is generally
supposed. When one Is taken out there
is such an appearance, but that is only the
indentation of the dead skin into the flesh
The lance and other instruments nro used
to remove these incumbrances. Caustic is
seldom resorted to, and ointment is
merely applied to heal the tender flesh.
The instruments used nro very similar
to, but not identical with those of the
dental profession. There ure straight and
curved lancets, curiously-shaped Bcissors
and pliers, of various sizes, some keenI'tiged,others
blunt, but all of fine temper
and nice smooth finish.
A skillful chiropodist never cuts the
t!'-!i while extracting the com. The
lancet is used to separate the edges ol the
Ini'l matter; then the prior is inserted
I..,.11., .....Inrnnnll. until tho Inn.lMi.
iirniHT is loosened and tails ??if ol iiseli.
A curious lin t is related or tlio
wo< ^choppers, wlio in the winter month*,
while felling trees amid snow mid ice,
cannot wear close-fitting boots, but very
large sixes, tliat allow their leet to slip to
mid fro, thus causing friction and warmth,
ilut from this they have their leet completely
incrusted with corns. In the
spring when they raft down their logs
they (In not change their clothing or boots
for weeks, until their arrival at the sawmills.
All the while their leet have been
saturated in water, and when the hoots
are removed the corns lull oil like nutshells
from the kernel. Hod corns arc not
cut or pried upon, but dried up by a powcrlul
absorbent. A bunion is an accumulation
of surplus skin formed upon a joint
or ball of the foot whoro the weight of
the bodyortho shoe orjhoot presses.
These are romoved llko corns.
Warts are of fungus growth, and have
"sprangles" tir roots, with capillary power*
lor drawing nourishment from the
juii-es ol the skin. These are seldom cut,
Inn dried away painlessly. Cutting almost
invariably lcavps some hidden root,
Iroui which new and worse branches are
sprouted. An immense amount ol damage
lias been caused by the quacks who
administer jMiisonous "eradicators," which
not unlrc(|iicntly eat into tlio llesh and
bone. Ktill joints or cords nnd unsightly
scars and pits are tlio consequences.
There is not a little popular superstition
a* to the method of their riddance. Hub
blng tlic B|M)ig willi raw beef, tying cotIon
thrciul around them, muttering some
mummery, burying tbu .bread and bee!
lined under u stone in or near a running
stream alone, at midnight, nru frequently
prescribed and practiced. Hut a painless
momentary operation, l?y a good chiropodist,
at Insignificant expense, is the most
prompt ami reasonable cure.
Inverted miils are the most painful of
the cbiropodtd eases. Very many suffer
Irom tliein. The majority are Indies, to
whose vanity in wearing short-toed and
high-heeled shoes may lie attributed
much of their affliction. Faulty pairing
"I the nails may also be mentioned.
Generally these are cut closely, and roun led,
us well as scraped thin, whereas they
should l?u cut square, with a little rtiAfgin
?nd not pared at nil. When the nail
turns and throws into the flesh, excruciating
agony often is the result. A club
nail U i\ thick accumulation, generally resulting
from an inverted nail, and becomes
iMi-r than a bone and almost like a flint.
nne specimen on exhibition In a Uroadway
olllec Is nearly two inches thick,
colored like a meerschaum witli various
hues, and extended Irom the great to the
lliirtl tiK*. Fungus, or promt flesh, was
within u short time, with puarcely nny
Nn.and without Hie loss ol fi drop of
hldotf. Broken, inverted, find club nails
*re removed very quickly liy a Rood opera' ?r.
The laneft is Inserted nnd gently
worked between the null find the quick.
Thus the null is separated nnd taken oil.
The tenderness of the quick is nt once
healed liy the ointment. Thuold-lashlon'' I
way ol violently tearing out the nail
Willi the lorcejtt caused a horrid sensation,
mil is now only in vogue among
irbarous bunglers. Tumors under the
Mil, ntul watcr-sacs under the skin of the
hand, near tho nail, are also painlessly
ftuil quickly disposed of. There arc over
"ue hundred corn doctors In this city.
About twenty call themselves by the more,
%ftlfled title, "cldMpodlsts." Perhaps a
are meritorious of public patronage,
nn,l a lesser number aro experts, nnd
jqurtl tor difficult citscs. There is one
li?dy practitioner. Several Ire wcll-twlo,
Jnd three are called wealthy. These
have office* Upon tho principal thoroughfares,
and transact a large amount of business.
One down town practioner expended
|5,n00 in advertising in one year?
mostly in country nuwsjiapera. Uuo Of
two have been exposed to Uie public prints
IU swindlers and extortionists, but there
are reiiuuible gentlemen lu the profession.
One of the best of the latter charges fifty
cents fur removing each ordinary corn,
miic ilollur fur buuhnu, and two dollars for
club nails. Dillicult cases are charged
more. A11V one who may spend an hour
ii. tu operating room, will wonder that
sulluriniJ people will patronize unreliable
ipiaeks or their nostrums, or procrastinate
when reliel cull be so promptly and cheaply
procured.
Hie operating-rooms are neat little
boudoirs, with mirror, hu? curtains, arm
chairs, and even treah (lowers. A lady
untera with a four-year old child, whmu
little Angers are hideous with a triplet ol
warbi. At first the child is nervous, hut
the doctor whistles and chirps us lie pro
cii'im, ana iu uirce miuuicb, wuuu uv
little odo is yet laughing, tho warts are
'annihilated, leaving the baud smooth and
beautiful. The lady then unlaces her
shoe*, and removes her stocking, (which
has been- pcriuwed with cologne as is
often the case.) Tho doctor gently raises
the foot, and places it upon a cleat; towel
oil ULs lap. Two ugly corns arc revealed.
The lady becomes nervous. "Don't
cut it, Doctor!" Bhe exclaims in
alarm. "No, Madam, I never cut
them." Blie leans back in her chair as he
dextrously, but gently, works around both
cotus, g]y places them iu a box. anil then
places ointment and a strip of kid over
the places. "Did 1 hurt ho asked. "No,
not u bit," she answered; "but 1 will
come ugaiu to morrow when it gets softer
and have them taken out." "You
needn't, Madam. They are out I" 1
chuckles the crafty doctor, at the
samo time exhibiting the corns, i
She scans Iter loot, apd iu amazement renli'si'u
iIm frtctj A had nail is next oner
nleil on. The patient is ol the bon tun
stylo, ?nd, trembling in apprehension,
tays: "I ca-unl endure much pain.weally
now; i>? careful." TUe doctor works
silently nwl speedily, probing between tile
nail and the ilcsb. Id an hour the nail is
lilted from the tlesh like the shell of a
chestnut; and gently drawn out There
are several always In the reception room
awaiting their turn. Ono Imly is carried
in. Kite has not been able to use her foot
for two years, 011 account of a bad nail
and corn. An hour afterward she can
step on tiie foot, aiuHha next day walk
There are all sorts nl people with all sorts
of feet, great and small, clean aud untidy,
odorless, perfumed, and nauseous. The
doctors take great pride In exhibiting
their collections of trophies, consisting of
corns, nails, bunions and tumors. One
oillce has 20,000 specimens. The spectator,
who enters with a curious sense 61
the ridiculous, and perhaps somewhat of
a contempt for the business, retires with
a respectful, satisfied impression that a
really ex|)ert ohiropodlit exercises a usel'ul
und valuable urt.
Ilaron Munchausen in C^iforniA*
The following is a very fair representation,
somewhat enlarged, of the big
talk" about the agricultural productions
of the Pacific coast which one hear* in
those parts:
Two years ago I started on a visit to
the Ytf, Semite vulley. I arrived at the
whurl a moment too late to get onboard,
and instead of waiting until the next
day, I determined to go to Stockton on
horseback, 1 accordingly .crowed the
bay to Oakland, or, as it is bolter known,
Little l'eddlington,' procured a horse
and rode over to the Llvermoro valley,
where I stayed nil night with a rancher,
who was known in tho valley as 'Champs.'
They call him that because ho got rich
by holding on to his money with a degree
ot fortitude not universal in tho country.
Ah supper time approached, Clumps1
nuked ino it 1 would like some egg, and
how I preferred it, hard or Bolt, boiled or
fried. 1 told hiui 1 would like some
eggs, and that it would suit me best to t
have them soft boiled.
Mln a few moments there came Clamps
unt! Ills wilo, rolling mi egg tho size of a
Hour lmrrel, which limy boiled in u short
time iu a largo ciilililron, and then set It
lip on end by madam's chair nt tiio table.
A liola was inado in the top of the shell,
mid Ihc egg dipped out with 11 long-bundled
Indie. 1 was astonished nt tho size ol
the egg, nnd remarked that liin hens must
he onormotisly large. 'Uy no means,' lie
replied. 'Vim will not bu so much surprised
when I tell you that one lien did
not lay this egg alone; it took seven or
eight liens almost a week to lay It. It was
a joint stock production ol tho chickens,
liut still it is better than tho individual responsibility
plan.'
'At breakfast tho neit morning we had
moroegg, and then I went on tho road to
Stockton. I readied Han Joaquin Itlvcr
at noon, nnd was ferried over In a tinlquojooklng
ernll. While tho ferryman was
tugging silently at bis big oars, I inquired
whether his lerry w;is profitable.
'Doesn't scarcely pay for raisin' tho
boat,' ho replied.
"'liaising the boat I repeated,'what
do ymiincaii by raising tho boat?'
'Mister,' said be, resting lor? while on
IMS (mrs, jruu uu u buuugui in uiuau jmita,
buAH't you V
"1 replied tkut I had not been long In
the country.
'Then, Bind lie, pointing to ttio shore, I
'tills 'ere boat growed In that pumpkin
patch over yonder.'
'Growed in that pumpkin patch?' 1
exclaimed.
'Urowed In that pumpkin patch, on a 1
pumpkin vine. Mister, this boat is a
pntnpklo shell, cut in two. That patch is
where It growed.'
"Where, over by the barn?' I Inqtilr- t
ed. 0
'That nln't no burn,' ho answered;
unless you choose to call it so, That's a e
pumpkin, too. lint 1 made a holo in tbo
end on't and let the stock inside, and
when tho wet season sets In, why you sco,
I plug up thu holo and let 'em winter
there. They come out awful fat in the _
spring. That big green-looking squash t
over yonder I'm holierln' out to live In.' i
'Are these the growths ol the season?' J
I asked.
We don't liavo no sleh dlflereneo bore r
on the Sati Joaquin as growin' seasons and
them othors; things keep On growin' all J
the time till we null 'em or they die.'
"As I was taking leave of the ferryman
hegavo me a pumpkin seed, with the re-
mark that I might astonish tbo folks In i
tbo Kast with it; but before twenty-four 1
hours had elapsed 1 camo near having a c
calamity by reason ol it myself.
"It was in tills wise: After riding scv- e
ernl hours In the snn, I was so overcome r
keep In the saddle, and dismounting, lay J
down on tliu ground, intending to take n
short nap I had Hie pumpkin seed in my ,j
vest pocket. During my slumber it Ic-fl
on tliu ground, nnd I rolled over on It.
,\ly great latlgue coined mo to oversleep
myself, nnd 1 woko In the morning by v
being rongliiy hurried over the ground
in my prostrate position, with what seem* t
od to lie rope nronnd my body. I howled
lustily for help, nnd my erica attracted
the attention of two men who were on
their way to tlie harvest field.
"On lieing* relieved from my perilous r
position the mystery hccamo clear. The I
warmth of my body caused the pumpkin J
seed to sprout nml Itegin growing, and i
ono of the tendrils of the new vine liad
coiled itself around iny body, dragging mo J
along in its rapid growth a distance of i
hall a mile before I was awakened. My
deliverer* bail a hard run to keep paeo
with me In the clutches of the pumpkin
vine, And tlnaliy arrested my progress by
cutting it with their scythe blnilea. I
gavo them the vine for their reward, nnd
we counted on it no less than three hnn- I
dred yonng pumpkins, ranging from the j
sine of alien's egg to a Hour barrel. i
"Thero is but one more thing I will notice,
biz years ag<> a gentleman residing
near Stockton planted a grapevine by his
home. In two years the building was
completely enfolded in the branches of the
vine, and the gentleman was surprised at
seeiug his dwelling starting from its foundations.
The vine grow with wonderful
vigor, and carried the house unharmed to
the b.iglit of sixty feet in the air, where it
remained. The gentleman now reaches
hi* Ir.mt dour by means ot a winding
^urease around (be trunk of the grapevine,
and 'anybo^ who will take the
trouble to go and see will And It Just as 1
have said,"
SMALL CHANGE.
?A Missouri lady advertises for a person
who is in the habit ot serenading her
-to stand nearer the house, so that she cau
scald him.
?Ouec4 our exchanges recently con
lUlDcu IUU Siurumg ^JIIHHlUCl-muui wut
"October is drawing; to a close.". It should
uow inlorm its readers tliat "November is
upon us," anil tluit "yesterday is no
more."
?A sick man was told that his wife
would probably marry again. "All right,"
said he, "tor there will be-pue man to lament
my death."
llesi>eetiotr that man who toasted si a
Western camp-meeting that he had never
given his wife a cross word or look (luring
twenty-live years ol married life, it is
suggested that it may be not so much the
result of amiability ou the husband's pail
us a wholesome dread of his wile's broomstick.
?The poet of the Chicago W gels oik*
Ihu lollowing:
A tinker and ft tailor,
A uldleraud aitallur.
K newspaper reporter who couldn't itot hi* pay.
Hunk nussongura and tail era,
And a host or other fellers.
Arc now carpenter* and mason* at $5 day.
?The wonderlul endurance of the
Western people is proved again, they having
stood a three hours' speech by Tram
in Omaha. Being called upqu for an explanation
of tho report of his eortnection
with the burning of Chicago, Train said
lie could not imagine where such a vile
dander on him and tho Internationale
originated, except that, it was concocted
by the confederates of Ulsmanck. Thiers,
ind the ruling |>owtrsof the Old World to
itrike a death blow at him and the Internationale.
?Chicago is very sorry, the. /W says,
lhat they could not keep their tire until
[lie arrival of the Russian Grand Duke.
ri.nu VIP,,1.1,1 i.rt.li. in
ihowing him Mrs. Leary's cow and the
|H)st ollieo cat. Tho same paper observes
Juit UeruaflcT nu museum will be coin[>le|o
without olio of this cow nnd an
j^ldol number of litis cat.
?The result of tho election in Virginia
ibows the Umwblieaii party to bo really
lelloiuut in organization. In King George
county, where there In ft colored majority,
be ltcmiblicaii leaders became so Uissatislied
with tlii* tilling of Federal ofllccs
with ex-rebel soldiers that they ran no
icket and did not go to tho polls.
?Absent-minded men Rlford unlimited
unusement to spectators, although their
ilundera are sometimes ratlier unpleoHant 1
or their victims. Tho gentleman who
went to call on a frlenu who had been
lead lor three months is ono case in
point. Another is thut or the old gentlenan
who, on a warm Hummer's day, met
the son of an old friend and feelingly in-
juired If bis father did not And the
weather uncomfortably hot, unmindful of
lie fact that he had attended the parent's
it Rochester, N. II., recently started to
cjivu town, mill arriving ut tlio station 1
mppened to think that ho had loft 1i!h
vntch behiud. 80 he Instantly took his
witch from his pocket to sen if ho had
line to return ami ^et It?like tlio old
ady who hunted all over the house lor
ho spectacles upon her nose.
Tm: peripatetic Weston lias bought a
arm in Iowa, and it is to ho hoped that
je will never follow tho example of Gin'innatus
and leave it.
Nervous Debility.
Thousands stiller I roin It. A weak
icrvous, exhausted leeling, no energy, anmatlon
or vigor, low spirits, conhised
lead, weak memory, nocturnal or involintary
seminal emisions, with lost* of
lower and threatened Impotence. Tho
jonscquoncc of excesses, overwork or inliscretlonfl.
This is Nervous Debility, and
lnds a sovereign remedy in Humphrey's i
lomeopathlc Specific No. Twenty-eight
riiousands have been cured by these sim- 1
)le sugar puis. Tiicy tono tip u?o system
irrcst tlio discharges, dispel the gloom
mil mental depression, and rejuvenate the
lystem. Price $5 lor a packago of five
joxes and a vial of powder, which is imjorlantin
all old long-standing cases, or
M per single box. Hold by all first-class
Iruggists, and sent to any address on reeiptot
tlio price. Address Humphreys'
tyeclfle Homeopathic Medicine Co. 503
J road way, New York. cod aw
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
IIAUKKTH BYTEIiEOHAPH.
few York Money and Stock Market.
New Your, Nov. 10.?QoLD-DcprcBscd by
ho advance of American securities in London,
pencd at lU*i? sold down to to lllfc and cloned
t lll.H* Loans wero tnado at from 8 to 0 per
ent for carrying Clearing |M,000,000.
Monit?Steady at IQQ per cent,
Stirunu BxciUNoi?108K.
QovBRNMiRTR?Pimi in tono,though t he prices
tone tlmtf dnrbig tho diy were lower thnn yei-
[>rday. in fylnplthywlth gold. At tlio cldse tho t
isrket was strong and higher.
lulled HtAtcfl 6'b of 1881, coupons
'Ive-twontlefl (1888) Ill*4
'I vo twenties (1SG4) 111
'iTo-twentlca(1988) IllV
'Ivo-twoiitle*(1BC6) new.,.. HIS
'iTo-twentHK tl?Wt) I ...114
'Ife-twchtltMlNS). lllW 1
'en-forties. 109V?
Jurrency fl's 113.V
Stock*?Opened Imgnlar and weak, towards
loon became strong and at the close were heavy
nd lower. Northwestern was the weakest, Bell- I
ng down nearly ono per cent from the price* at
r. m. The chief dealings were In New York
tontral, Lake Shore, Wabash, Northwestern,
ommon, Rock Island and Western Union. Like
Ihore closed at 101 to 10W MIvldend on 8f? to
x. dividend and 78T? to 79 for scrip; the depres-
Ion wan earned, In part, hy tho report that a
louthern railroad company had gone to protest
in Its paper; no particular*. The failure of a
mall dry goods firm Is annonnced. For some
lays past vajne rumors hate been afloat on the
trert to tho effect that the Chicago A Rock
sland Company Intended to Issue two millions
if dollars In new stock. To day theso rnmors
Vere denied hy the directors.
Statu Bojins?Southern Blatn securities on
he last call were firm In the leading bonds. i
Chicnfo Mnrkrt.
Omoxaa, November lO.-Fwun-Dnll, with
inly light loeal demand,
(Inaim- Wheat?No. 1 spring Chicago $1 9.Vfo
91; No, 9 do. f 1 19*at 9(); No. .*1 do. $1 10J^:
ejected do, f 1 Of. Corn-No 9 mixed
l7He; do rrjected 40jf?47e; new 46c flrat half of
nonth; 44c December. Hye-A shade lower at
in&41r. asked last half of month. Oat*?No. 9
BKe November; Jjfkc December. Barley-No, 2
mrlntf Mr. No. i tte.
PnOTiawwa-Pofk?Old $12 TSfalS on Decern
>er; $11 Bl?1t 75 feller January. Lard-9,f<c.
)ry palled mcata -hnlk ihotildera4.%c; clear rlh
ildea Bye. Gfeen meata-bnlk anonldora 3\ 1
^llooa-i* OfVfW 10; choice |4 Wfll IS.
ilfllivnnken Market.
Mn.wAtiR*?,NoTemher 10.-Pi.oi7R-I)nlI and
>rlcea drooplna; txUf apringlft JO.
tlfUtH Wheat N<\J! Milwaukee firm at
1110W. wnlar; $190. Not.; $111, I>er; No. 1
lo, It tlx, Oata-FIrm; No. 9, ttv.
Rye-No. 1 higher at Mr. Corn -No. 2 mixed I
Urn at 4??<c. Barley-No. i tprlnjr Arm at Me.
New York Dry Goods Market*
Nmv York. November Id.?There la amodcrafe
busmen* doing In MMdpMpe ^oodB, etganofc
allyateady ratce, but the funeral maikefii inactive.
The extreme price* prevailing for new
material, however, bait a tendency to buoy up the
market for piece Roods. Wool la very scarce,
and price* are on the rise. No. 1 and extra
fleece* command 63Qfi5c. Cotton la a little w;eak,
but It la thought that tin crop will not be abuuda
lit enough this year to cause ?rac. J P'* rv"
Auction In prices. mU11<- Su| Wand la very
scarce, and Wc per pouad higher than last year,
but UUle can be ohUtnod hwlow 80c; hence the
flrumeirt iu tbe market for ?ix cord apnul thread,
while three-cor.l mtuta witli only a limited demand.
Woolen u''??>da are briualug better prices
thai) recently, ami all ftaple cottone we in. limited
retjiies?ui uteaiH rate*.
Cincinnati Market.
Cincinnati, November 10.? Floi h Market
oteuily, with a modi-rale demand; family $ti U)
Ut,
11main W licit Hcurco and lirin nt $1 4USJ1 4.1.
Corn liull ttud prices have declined; old 51c;
new 4ftj}4t?c Rye?Dull ami prices droovlnir ut
liSffiCy Qats?Mutk4 Heady at a&j?40c. Barley?
^uiatund iiachauged at (BQHOc.
Km**- Steady. with a moderate demand.
Kaos, Butt Kit and Ciibssb?Unchauged.
I'umiaioN.--Fork-Full prltes asked, but tto
demand at $11 75. Lard?Bulk meats?
Uulet aud wusk; uuw, partly cured, tiJtQ?c:
paiked 7H?-; old sldt* 7c. Bacon?Demand
IL'htJiut holder* Arm; shoulders 7c; sldea7\<i&
Wiiidk v Steady, with moderate demand at 88c.
llu I tun ore Muiket.
IUltimoiui, November 1Q.?Floui?-Du11 and
unchanged.
tiiui*- Wheat -Opened Arm. hut active. Com
-Firmer, southern white yellow 70c.
Oats?Firmer at IflflkftTc.
Fuovisionh and Uuttiu?Uik hauired.
Wiii?KT?Firaujat ?f&Ut*c.
Medical.
gUIILIA yIMIl,IHU8. CUlii\NTUH
HUMPHREYS'
HOMEOPATHIC SPECIFICS
Uavo prWtn. Iron tho moat ample experience
an entire Buccesa: Simple?Prompt? KQlclent
and Kellablo. They are the Jlest Family llcdlcinea
In use?ao simple that mid takes cannot be
made lu using theifl; so harmless ss to be free
from danucr, and ao efficient as to be alwayx reliable.
They have received the highest commendation
from the thousanda who luivo long used
and known them, and will olwaya render Ballsaction
to thoau who try them.
No. Gurea IVLt In Hart*. Cunt*. 1
I Fcvera, IiilUmiuaUon 24
Warn, Wurw Wi.rin (!ollo
3 Crylim-colit ui r. ?-iIiii.h of Infanta 23
niurrhuvn r ilillUnu or Ailiilu......H..2.'i
ft Dym-iUrrf. ?Jrlpin*. Hlllloita Colic. it

V IIeiuliir IIt"?,'*?? k
lu IIVNpt'pNill, llllli'in
H Huuuri'imi-il ?t IrniguUr I'oitwta........,..^
12 WhlU-a, i"?i Prufttin r*rlixll....?,H< J?
19 Croup. C-'UkIi, IHIIIciilt Urenllilug 2S
u Krup|l?nB.b?H IIIhUiii. Krynipoiua M
Ift Ubtiuumtlaui, KIhiii?u?Uo I'mim a
M ''Fever uudAgue.Clilll Ke*ur, Agu^a......'*) j
7 j?lleo,Mud or Uluwliuw ,.au
Irt ppihiiliiiy, and Horn or Wwtk K.y.wt w
,,J I'lntMrrh^uiuor chriuiio, Intliidiiui. so
2u Wh?oplttir*coiiiili? vioii-ui cougha
21 ARlhuiu, oppniMtMl IJrta tiling m
22 Kar l>l?i biirm'*,liiiPHlrf.l htwrlng .Ml i
23 Hcrolula. Uiilurgcil Ulitnd*. 8woll(iiga,.,AO
24 (jriicrul tillllyt Pkyalcal Woakneaa.....*)
26 Drupny ami Hranty tacrttlloO*
Hp* f likm-aa, Bickiuxu from Hid lug.....'4
27 Kidney JH? b?p, (Iravel........
24 Ner*ou? DeMllty, Involuntary fcul. l
Inal IMacluri(i? I 00 1
29 More Mouth, ('aiikur .nj i
3? ilrlniir* VVcnkuraa. Wottlug B?d...,...fto
81 Vnlnful Periods, Uyatorta....'
x, HuflkringgatOmngaoii Llfg loo 1
ft
Family Caios In Morocco, with
35 largo 3 drain vlula, containing thu above
Ust^ with book of direction? complete, $10 (K)
10 In paper caao, with book 6 00
VETEBINABY SPECIFICS.
I'aae of 10l-oi villi, In flald, 100 doaes each.
with manual of dircctiona, giving full
account of all diaeaaea of feoraaaxattlai
Nheep. Dors and lloaa, with nil! dlroctlona
for uae, Id neat walnut caao, comPleto
$10 oo,
Pond's Extract,
Caret Pllea, Naaralcla. Tootkarke, Bieediag
of ill* nga, Htomac k, note or other Organ. 1
Uarua, Urutaca, Laaataeaa. Hpralna, Hkeunia*
IIniu, Kore Tkroat, Hore Kyea, Holla, ooraa,
Ulcer?, Old Hor?a. Tke Beat Family Medklat
kaowa.
Price, 0'OK. 60c., Flata $1 00, (Jaarta $1 75.
tlT These Hcmedlca, except I'OMD'H KXTUAOT,
bjr the caao or alnglo box, are aent to
any part or tho country, by mall or expreaa, free
of charge, on receipt (?f the price.
AddreaMIUMl'IIKKYH' 8PKCIKIO
llOMKOl'ATllIC MKDlC'INB COMPANY
Office ami depot, No. NB llnoADWAr, New York
For Sultt by nil Druggists.
A ftillaaaortinent of tho above for Male In Wheel-
Ingbv KDMl/NI) HOCKING,
HOCKING A OAlUtolL,
liOGAN, LIST A CO.
THOH. J. FINNKY.
A full aaaortmvt of OiOAhove for aalo in Hell n
alrobjr J. A M. N. MKItCKK.
novaleodAw
Hats and Caps.
rrSiik jiAiioKST stock ok 1
JL
HATS CAPS
Uvor hronglit Into tlio Htate of \Ve?t Virginia,
to bu found at
HARPER BROS. 1
llt'Uill llouno 1)11, WIioIomIo IIoiiso 77 Mailt St.
All aro Invited to call andcxaialnu oar MnRiilfIccnt
Block ofgood*. i
oc31 HAKI'KR HHPS. v
ME ONLY RKMAULBOIPT DISTRIBUTION
IN TUB COUNTRY I
$60,000 IN VALUABLE GIFTS! k
to at DISTIUnVTMI) IN
Tj. D. SINE'S f
158m/ UKOVLAR MONTHLY
(jitt Enterprise,
To he drawn Monday, Nor!*7th, 1871.
TWO GRAND CAPITALS OP
$5,000 Enrli In Greenbacks 1
siirhswm0 |(greenbacks
WHOLK NlfMBRIlOK CAB1I GIFTS 1.Q00I
[hie tlorse and tlujfgf, vrlih Bllver-mnnnted Harness,
worth |HOO
Dne One-toned Hosowood Piano, worth $.100.
rcn Family Sewlnj? Machines, worth ftOOcach.
Five Heavy Cased Oold Hunting Watches, and
Henry Gold Chains, Worth $.100 each. 5
Five Oold Aiturlf.in Hunting WatCheli, worth L
f 1IR each. h
rcn Ladles' Oold Hunting Watches, worth $100 H
each.
}00 Oold and SilverJ ever Hunting Watches (In <1
alt) worth from $WM$W0t'?rh. 1?
Ladles' Oold UoaUiiwJ*bai?s, Uonta' Oold Vast 'J
chains, Silver-plated Castors, Solid Silver and
Double-Plated TablostlfrTeaspoonS, Ivory-Han- t
lied Dinner Knlvrft, Mlvtt-fnAtWl Dlnher Forks,
Silver Vest Chains, Photograph Albums, Ladles'
Hold Breastpins nnd Rat^rlnifS. Gents' Oold
Breastpins, Hhlrt Hinds and Blecve Buttons,
PInger-rlngs, UoM Pens (sllter extension), etc.
Whole Nurniitn of Gifts 8,000. A
Tick ?ts Li mitid to 60,000.
AOKNTS WANTKD TO HBLL TICKKT8,to
ahom Liberal Premtnnis will ba paid. W
Bln*la Tickets $1; Biz Tickets $5; Twelve
rickets $10; Twenty-live Tickets $fO.
Circulars containlni( a Hill list of prlxes, a deNtlptlon
of the manner of drawing, and other
Information In reference to the Distribution, will
l?esent to anyone ordering them. All letters
must bo addressed to
L. D. SIRS, Bo* 80,
Orrmw, lonv. 5th Rt, CINODdlATI, O.
bffM'iMlawtlllnorao
\i. n. it ai w u jfi,
Architect and Superintendent,
OFFICE: No. SI MARKRT ST.,
CAMDKN, N. J. I
Order* from a distaneo win receM prompt at- A
tentlon. oral
J S. FAIRFAX,
A nvniTKCT A ND SUTKRISTKNDKNT.
DmcM-Oranglc Block. Market BL, Wheeling,
W. Va., and 41N. M St., Znn<*?l11e, O.
*?tentlon Riven toPnhllc Bnlldlogt.
Groceries.
D. C. UST, Jtt- B. DATKBPOUT. 0*0. U. FAUKS
LIST, DAVENPORT* PARKS,
SDOCSMOAA TO UMHUT K. LIST A CO
WHOLESALE GROCERS
?AJCD?
PORK PAOKKKg,
Corner Main and Quiucy Bta.,
WHEELING, W. VA.
We offfer, st very low rates?
800 Bajp Prime to Choice Kio Coffee.
100 barrels New Orlcaoa Molasses.
60 Choice Botfar Hyruiis.
40 Hhda N. O.. Cuba and P. U. Hu^urt.
Faucy Dcmurars Sugars.
100 Barrels Helloed buxjar.
tt) Half ChesU G. P./Y. U. aud Oolonc Teaa,
60 Barrels Mess Pork.
100 Tlertos Prliuo Leaf Lard.
100 Kegs Family Leaf Lard.
50 Ca?ka Clear Bacou bides.
SO Bacon Shoulders.
90 Tlcrces Sugar Cured llama.
lSUO Barrel* Flour,
200 Ban Timothy Scod.
50 Clover Seed.
100 Boxea Goshen CUocse.
Mackerel, Lako Klsh, Nails, Brooms, Spices,
Dyo Staffs, Wrapping Paper. A large Hue so*
loeted Chewing Tobacco, bmoklug Tobacco, CI Kara,
etc ,etr.
Agents for Miami Powder Co.
otf LIST, DAVENPORT PARKS.
jyj REIM,*,
WHOLESALE GROCER,
ud uuun u
lltcon, Lard, Kloar,OIln, (ilan8i Nails.
UK IH
FOREIGN HMD DOMESTIC WINES AND UOUOflS,
ttiapowiUr. PftUlt 6*hlj fin. kt.
No?. 55 A 87 Main Hu,
?prtj WHEELING, WEST VA.
BAKER'S FLOUR?1200 BARRELS
"None Bettor" cholco spring wheat Klour.
Just received and for sale by
oc'J M. RBILLY
RIO COPPEE.?350 HAGS PRIME
to choice Rio Coffuo. Juet received and
fur Mtle by
octf H, RBI ^LY._
/"J1 OSIIEN (JIIEEbK.?23 QQXES
VJ Prime New, Just received and for sale by
_myl6 M.ltKlLLY.
BAVHITT'S SO A P.?50 BOXES
Babbitt's New York City Soap. Just received
aud fur sale by
OCT M. KM I LliY.
"jr\U PONT GUNPOWDEH AGENCY
-LJ Tho underahomd la the sole Agent lu thl*
ulty for tho sale of all kinds of Powder made at
the culebratod Da Pont Powder Mills. It* quality
1* unequalled In thta country, aa evidenced by
Mia made by the Unitod Btatoa Government.
lie keepa at all times a large Block In Ma#*- 1
dno of Klfle, In whole, half aud quarter keva.
Blasting and Mining I'owdur all In Metallic
ten. H porting Powder In Caulators. All ol
which will be sold to the trade aa low aa Uio
lame can be bad In the Wuat.
lie haa portable magailnea of different Uses to
ihlp by toll or UoaU.
Ordora solicited.
M. RKILLY,
Np. 55 A 57, Main HUoet, i
mart* WnKBUNO. W. VA.
OfiMBAT. US. H. OUI4BBAT. VBO. U. OOIV
I
OGLBBAY, SON CO.,
(Hucectsors to Paxton A ORlobay,;
WHOLESALE GROCERS, j
1
NO. H4 MAIN ST.,
declt WmgLINO, W. VA.
JOSEPH BPKTDEL CO.,
WHOLESALE GROCERS PRODUCE OEALERS
No*. 41 nnd 4fl Main St.,cor. Qalnejr, j
Jitter for ealo at lonrcat flfiirci? i
2M l)agfl Rio Coffee.
*t*) Hum-In A. IS, and Ex 0 Coffee Hilars.
00 11lnl* 1'. It. and Culm Hugnra.
300 Hoxca and radio* Navy 1Iba, and 10n
robiicco.
1000 Oanoi can Pcaclioa and Tomaloea.
MM) liltls Family and Uaker'a Vloilr.
Alao a full ntock of Uroccrlea, Which we offer to
lie retail trade At loweflfflx1"'*' All doalura are
(inputafvlly invited to call before making tlielr
lurcliaaea. ??clO
n II. BOUTU CO.,
WHOLMAI.I 4k HE? All. D1AI.IM in
FAMILY GROCERIES,
HOAT STOKES, I'UODUCE,
'ItBHll AND CURED MKATH, LA KB ICE,
CANNED FRUITB, Ac.,
Corner of Motiroo and Water Btrcot*, P
In connection with the honae thero la s Wharl loai,
and It la tliu dealgn of the flrin to do a For-
rardlng Mid Commission and Btorage Business,
ct m HtcainttoAt Agents and furnish all desirable J
^formation pertaining thereto |yH
LKBAY, BON CO, jj
04 MAIN BTM
Have la storo and aro Just receiving, v
70 Uhda P. H. Bngar.
800 Bhla Refined do. p
fiO Bhla White Honey Hyrnp. r
85 Bhla Rxtra Bjrrup.
ISO Bhla N. O. Molaaaos. H
MO Baca Coffee.
SO Bags Rangoon Rico. n
10 BagaPatnado.
10 Tierces Carolina do.
80 Tlercee "Davis"' C. C. Haras. jg
10 Tlercea "Darta*" 8. C. O. Beef. n
190 Package* Mackerel 1871.
Which wo offer to the trado at the lowoflt roar-
ot rates. jylt
1 MVRRDIBRABftand P
Indigestion prevail to C
imiiamiAi a greater extent than
SIMMONS SMLft 8
always sought after. B
If the Liver la recti W
lated In Ite action, P
health la almoat Inva- N
rlahljr aecurod. IndlLIVER
CTn"[hTLr;V;
causes Headache,Con- ei
itlpatlon. Jaundice,
SSZSS55SSS I'a'n In Hie Bboul
defs, Cough, Dlxxl- p.
REGULATOR! I
iibuuuiivii tacks, palpitation ol
the heart depression u,
of spirt* or the bines,
nd a hundred Other symptoms. BIMMONH* i?i
IVBR REGULATOR Is the remedy .best that
as erer 1*?n discovered for those ailments,
tacts mildly, elfoctflaliy, and being a simple
egetahlo compound, can do do Injury in any
uantltloi that It may be taken. It Is harm ss
In every way; It baa been nscd for forty
cars, and handrede of the good and ureal
om all parts of the conntry will rouch lor Its p
te,'S.ndCTir Stephens, of Georgia. 0l
Bishop Plerco.ot Georgia.
Jno. QUI Shorter, Rz-GoTcntor of Alabama.
Gen. John B. Gordon.
R. L. Mott.Colnmbns, (JtorglA.
re among thn hundreds to whom wc ran refer
Price $1,00. By mall, postage paid, $1.18. y!
lanofactnred onlyby \r
J. II. ZEILIfl A CO., c
Macon, Ga., and M9 Arch 8k, Pblla., Pa. 1
At wholesale and retail by H?
LOGAN, LIST A CO..
septtfl Wheeling, W. Va
R W G 0 O I) B. m
J
A Fine Bloc* of
beautifully Carved Brackets
'owed Rack*, Will Pocket*, Watch Bafoa, Watch
Holder*, Card Basket*, Picture Frames, Ac.,
IVt RHAXTXD XPTTO son. TlIK IWi/J,
i nd sold at pried moth lower thah crcr before,
E. L.NICOLL &CO.,
ncll Uiroin M'tPRK notn?. J
tTTIIiMTNOTON TAR.
VV l? BW?. T?r, lnrfrd barrel*.
10 common Roeln.
,f u?t revolted Ind for laic low bf J
CRAB. I!. RRRRY, F
m?1l No?. >8 and 1ft Witer atreet.
Hardware, &c.
rV'IENTAL AND 8UNNYSIDE
\J stoves.
Wu hare received a stock of the above celebrated
hunters, and luvite attention of persons who
eujoj a clean aud bumtliul Are. Will have 100
tuns of the best Anthracite Coal on tint rise of
river. MBTCALF A BUBT.
^Y'HITE LLMJS, CSM?NT, &C.
1<H) Barrela "Snow White" Lime.
100 Belmont Hydraulic Cement, fresh,
loo Nova Scotia Plaster Paris.
Also common Lime lu barrels. White band.
Land Planter, 4c. Just received.
MSTOAL? A BURT.
JgUUPEfl JUOIWE SUOJEb.
200 Burden Horse 8hocs.
800 Hor.cn Hnroo Nails, assorted brands.
Also Norway Mall Rods and liars. Cart and
bbtar Steel, Wa^ron and Carriage woodwork,
Stirlngs, Axles, Bolts, Nuts, Thimble Bkulna,
Blacksmiths' Tools, Ac., all of tLe best quality.
Mg MUTUAL? X BURT.
TUSI KKCEIVED.
1U0 Loulnvlllo Ccinciit.
U) Waaler I'ari*.
JACOB SNYDKR,
tny9 89 Main street.
J A COBS N YD 12 Ii,
N"Q. 39 MAIN" ST.,
Three Doom Below (ialucy,
WIIKELINQ, W. VA.
Wholesale Dealer In Bar and Sheet Iron, Norway
Iron and Nail Kod, Cast, Shear and boring Steel,
Nails, Spikes, Anvils, Vises, Springs, Axles, Hot
l'nsaod Nut*. Withers, Warou liuU, Spokes,
Felloes, Smith Bellowa, Sledges, .l'laster Paris,
No Plus Ultra Lime, Common Lime, Ccmqit, Ac.
marll
JUST RECEIVED?100 BARRELS
NB PLUS ULTRA WHITB LIMB,
COMMON LIMB?in bhla.,
PLABTBR PARIS.
LAND FLAfiTBR.
CBMBNT,
Ifclmont and other brands, a full aupply Just received
aud for aale by
JACOB SNYDER,
marll 89 Main Street
TTTK ALL LIKE GOOD BHEAD,
AMU wuui
\W
Arlington Stoves
AUK PUOPKULY UBBD,
UNIFORM BAKING/.V
JJUAA^TiW KYEliX TIME,
ARLINGTON STOVES
tfOHT.HlTCC'BSSFUL,
POPULAR AND CONVENIENT
Coal or Wonri Cnnkine Stnvp.s
u
kveh:invbntbd.
Mmple and Perfcct In conitrnetlon and po oanlljr
nanagi-d that a child can uau them aurcoasfully.
Phouaanda of them havuhocn Mold and everyone
iaa given satlafactlon.
Maunlacturvd and sold by
JOS. BELL CO.
oc5
Transportation.
Jlovoland Pittsburg Kuilroad
rtffWWIiTPWrMK
DN AND AFTER MAY 28th, 1871,
Tralna will run as follows, viz:
I.KAV*. BXl'HKM. KXl'llKSB. MAIL.'
Irldeeport 6:00 a.m. 6:05 p.*. 11:50a.*
Iteiiuonvlllo 0:00 a.m. 7:10 p.m. 18:15 p.m
Vollavllld 7:80 a.m. 8:40 p.m. 1:55 p.m
llllanco 11:35 a.m. 5:10 p.m
Jlovcland...'. 105 p.m. 7:80 p.m
'rvatllnu 6:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m
'ort Wayno 1:85 a.m. fi:U0A.m
-'hlrn?o 7:80a.M. 18:10 P.M
ItUburgh 9:40 a.m. 10:40 p.m. 4:00 p.m
larrlaburg 10:35 p.m. 7:15 a.m. 8:45 a.m
Inltlmoro 10:40 a.m. 7:85 a.m
Washington l:li> p.m. 10:()0 a.m
'hlladuTphln 8:10 p.m. 11:15 a.m. 7:55 a.m
few York 6:41p.m. 8:15 p.m. 11:30 a.m
Tickets to all principal point* In the Bast and
Vest can bo procurod at the Union Ticket Ofllco,
nM'Luro House, aud at tho Station at llrldgoort.
f. r. myers,
JHl General PaMonjrerandTlcko^Airont.
Inltimoro Ohio Itnilroail Co.
P A ttHEN UK KT HAI N HVV ILL JUJN
L by tho following Bchadulo on and after May
5th, 1871,Wheeling time:
CINCINNATI EXPRESS.
XABT-I.KAVJM. WEST LIATBfl.
Wheeling dally Wneellng daily
at 5:40 a.m. at 10:50 a. ra.
AnniVlR AT ARRIYB8 AT
arkeraburg. ZancBvlllu... .8:15 p. m.
umberlan<r...2:00 p. m. Newark 4:85 p. m.
flncboater...9:30 p, m. Sanduaky.. ..1?:45 p. m.
traaburg Columbua 6:40 p. in.
Scr?U>wn...9:05 p. m.
I more 8:25 p. m.
faah'n City.. 9:40 i?. ra.
hlladelphfa..2:40 a. m.
cw York....5:50 a. m.
PAST LINE.
APT?I.BATES. WBCT?LIAVCfl.
WTjeolIfiK dally Wheeling dally
at 5:20 p.m. at 0:15 a. m.
AniUVMAT AliniYKC AT
arkprM)iiiK..O:(V; a. ra. Zancavllle....11:00 n. m.
nmberland...2:05 a. m. Newark 19:85 p. ra.
Mnchenter.. .9:35 a. ra. HandtiPky 5:55 p. in.
traabarg.... 11:40 a. m. Columbua....2:20 p. in.
atreratown .7:50 a. m. Sunday* excepted,
alllmoro.. ..8:25 a.m.
faeh'nCity..9:40 a. ra.
lilladelphm..l:00 p. ra.
cw York....4:15 p. in.
Btindaya excepted.
MAIL TRAIN.
1ABT?I.SATM WEBT?I.RATBB
Wheeling daily Wheeling daily
at 11:45 p.m. at 18:40 a.m.
nrkcralmrg. 11:20 n. ra. Zaneavlllo^'.'fciS i*. rn
umber land ..8:05 a. m. Newark 7:05 n. m.
rlncbeatcr...2:80 p. m. Sandncky
Lraaburg 4:80 p. m. Col u in hue .8:80 n. ra.
agcn?town...2:10 p. ra. 'Saturdays excepted,
iltlmore ....4:45 p. ra.
'uh'n (MtT .r.rOR n. m
Mlade1phla..l:40 a. m.
ow York R:60 a. ra.
Saturdays excepted.
ACCOMMODATION.
*A?T-LIIAV*1 WWT-MATM
iV heeling ?Im? Wheeling dally
AnaiVia at aiuuvb* at
irkersbnre. .9:35 nI Zanesvlllu... ,R::V? p. m.
ntnhorlana. .9:66 p. in. Newark 10:15 p. m.
Bnndayi excepted. Bandnsky....
Colnmbtii....11:45 p. m.
Bnndays excepted.
W. I\ A n. DIVISION,
Leaven Wheeling at 7:13 a. and 3:tt r.
Trains on the Mnln Line make connections at
ititlmnre with trains for Philadelphia, New
ork and Boston. At Relay House, via Waahiirton
tlty. Por all points Booth.
Central Ohio trains mako direct connection At
Blnmhns Tor all point* West and Northwest.
Tickets to all principal points can to proearN
the office. JOHN L. WILSON, l
Maetcfof Transportation, Baltimore. I
R.T.DBVR1BB.
?nyl7 General Agent, Wheeling I
^NKW CANDY TOY
SUGAR WHISTLE8.
Oor own Invention, dint polenta],) mannf?cirrd
AM Tor Mt? at onr ?rw Oonroctlonory, No,
i Market street.
SCItULTZA NBITIIAUSBN.
1
As letters patent have been granted tor tho
snnfactnre and sale of the nhove artlrle. and
io for tho moldi and proem* of making the J
ime, ont of any material whatever, any In-
ingement on tho rltht will bo pnnlrthed in tho
tmoft extent of tho lnw.
A. NKimAimim,
fcpHS Patentee. j
OA l/TIC MILLS FLOUR?100 Ilr\r13
rel* of thfA eilchrated Indiana Pane?
lonr Jn?t rerelred and fl?r aale by
epl M ItRtM.V
Merchant Tailors.
1871. PALL AND WINTER. IS72.
o. w. ikauiuuut. k. a cuxulbacu.
C.W. Seabright Go,
?auu1unajjlk
MERCHANT TAI LORS
No. 75 Main Street.
CKNTUK WHEELING,
Invito the attention of their cu?ti?rurri? andthu
ucnerol public to their inatfnitlrcniuud ui.?ur
nasacd* atock or French, Bug I tub ami Uerm >u
liruttdcloiba and CoMlmerea.
l) vkkcoatin ua, BujflUh Melton*, Bui>\rs,
Mnacowa and Bauuluiaux.
VinTiNui, a lar^uaud well iirlocted aeaortiuent
of Caahmcrs, Velvet and Caaalmere Ve*tl?j{#.
They also aik an examination or their atock of
Cents' Furnishing Coods.
French Yoke Shirt*, Patent Pantuloon Drawer*,
and a ^iiucral stuck i f Furulahlng Uoode always
on luud.
SHIRTS MM)hi TO ORDER
A ud a lit guaranteed. Call and *ec u? at oar now
and handsomely arrAnytd alorc, V> Main itruit,
Centre Wheeling.
ortH W. HKABUMHT Jb CO.
1871. FALL AN1> WIMTKIt. 1872.
J. II. HTAI.MUN. T. 0. MOrrATT
J, H. STALLMAN CO.
Merchant Tailors,
nd Dutlern In
Gentlemen s Furnishing Goods.
NO. 25 MONBOE ST.,
Wheollng, W. Va.
I'hc Attention ?f our ContomorH and the public
jjuncrully lit liuitcd luour oxtciinivv ?t<?ck or
FAU AND WINTER OOODS,
Hvli cUn| t iout Ui" Utivit unil mom unproved at> lea
In thu Buat, couaUtlnjcof
Cloihs, plain find 1'anoy,
English and Frouoh Diagonals,
Fronoh Chinchillas,
Hootch ChovoitH,
Stripod and Plain Casiiimores.
koit OVKUOOATINCIS-IIuaviot, Moscow!
and Knxlitdl Ml'Uoph.
A laruu alock of VKSTINUH of every description.
Wo ?l?o invito alLuiiUou to our Urxo stock of
Gentlemen's FurnlshiiisrUoodH.
Embracing all the latent Noveltlca.
Having lately employed one ol tliu most expo
rlonred am! reliable Kofeieru Uatu-ri, we nre prepared
to turn out Hiomo Uouda lu a atylo nevor
orpassud la thin city.
eplB J. II. 8TALLMAN A CO.
1871 _ 1872.
FALL AND WINTER.
John L.Rice,
KAHUIONAIJLK
MERCHANT TAILOR,
Aud Wholoaalu and I to tall Dealer In
Cloiitloiiioii'8 Furnishing GoodH
Ho. 8S Monro* St., Yf heeling, W. U.
IaJait receiving hla larjro and oxtrcraoljr?tyllah
lock of
FALL WINTER COODS,
Embracing Kreneh, Kn^llnli and Herman
BttOAIKJLOTIlB, CA8HIMKRKH,
and French DImkoiwIb, Bcotch G'ho volte, KiikIIbU
Worstcdi, KruiicltOlifiicktillun. Ac. AImu the host
and mosttanhlontblo stock of VBHTINOHever
brotght t/i this market, consist lnp or HI Ik Velvet,
Cashmeres. And all tbo latest styles.
O VKttCOATINOS-Kngllsh Meltons, Beavers,
Mosrows and K'qulmanx Overcoating*.
FUHNIBIIING GOODB.?HIb Block of Parnlshlng
Goods cannot be excelled tn this market,
niul includun Hosiery, Gent*' Underwear. tbo
l'rl*i Modal Shirts, Collars, Suspenders, Ilandkerchief*,
and everything of the belt nnalltyand
at low rates. lie Is Importing direct from Bcotland
tbo famous and very fashionable Bcotch
Chovolt Shirts, Drawer* and Socks. Everything
In this stock Ib of the Istcst and moat fashionsbio
style, A call from bis patrons and the public
generally Ib Invited.
JOHN L. BICE,
_#?P1! ffMKJNROB BT._
1871. Fall and Winter. 1871.
THOMAS HUGHES,
MERCHANT TAILOR,
And Wholesale and Retail Dealer In
4ENTLEMENET
Furnishing Goods,
In presenting hi* Fall and Winter Good*, begu
leave to offer to bin patrons, and tho public generally,
a neoro varied and better lelocted stock
than any heretoloro brought to tbls city, embracing
o LOTH 8!
Black and Colored In every variety.
CA88IMERE8!
Plain and Fancy Kngllflh and French Diagonal!!,
Hcotch Cheviot*, Kngllflh Worsted*,
French Chinchillas, Ac.
VKSTING0!
A largo and varied assortment of Cashmers, Vel-
vei and Casslmero Vesting*.
OVER-COATIN08!
English M eltons. Beavers, Moscoxvs, Knqnlraaox
and Klyslan Over-Coatings.
ITintNIHHlNC* GOODS(
%a ?lnnnt Miwrtraont of Fnrnlnhlnir (lomin,
coMltilng of all
tin: latkst jtovar.tjm
Tliln Htock luring Nwn pnrrhwed In the f*rlf
|>?rt of Ihij Kt'HnDti,Mil twfure therecent mlMnre
in woolenn, will tedl?i>o?eil of >t ?neh prlret u
will di'fr ttimvetUlon ?nd >itll?'T th? mintfltcpWW.
Artll mrenpeetfollyaollelted. 1
THOS. HUGHES.
*<*p7 ____
3,000,000FEETLUMnER
110 I.MNTEK, MILLER A NO IX,
flcAd of Well*' laland, nearBlitcriTllle, W. Va.,
ire pref ared to fill All order* for Oak, Poplur
\*h, hit kory, florar and Bf??h I.nmbfr, r* aht
HTANTIt t and of AKT m*R!??lO!?B I>e*in*n, of
he Wat quality. Order*for Lnmhrrof vnvnuxi.
.wwnm partlcnlarly foilclted.
One o f otir Arm mar he found at onr yard at all
lm?a. All communication* addrtwod to na at
Uatmvllle, W. Va., will rcrelre prompt attcn- i
Ion. )y1l
BAJ<Blirt* FAMILY FLOUR
inn harrrl* Falnm and Lilly White.
octtS I.I8T, UAVBNI'OHT A I'ARKH.
Medical.
J-JALTlllOKB LOCK UOBFITAX.
ESTABLISHED IS I REFUGE FROM QUACKED).
The Oiilj flan rtm Cm eu b< ObUluJ.
l)r. Johcaon h&? discovered the most C- rtalu,
bjto?iiy, uud only Kffectual Remedy In the World
for Weakneea of Ujo Back or Limbs, Btrlruuea,
Affections of Lhu Kidneys and Bladder, li.voluaUry
l)l.-cluir?i-8, ImpoUmcy, General Debility,
Nervousueaa. l)j*j>ep*ia. Lanem>r, Low bjdrita,
fotifuploa of Idea*, Palpi tatiou of ih? lieart.
Timidity, Trembling, Dunnes* of bJjjhL or tilddincaa.
Dlaeaao of tho llcad. Throat, Now or
Skin, Affcctiona of tho Liver, I.buks, Btomacnor
Bowels?those Terrible Disorders arisUu; from
bolitary llablu of Youth-Secret and bolliary
l'ractleea mora fatal to their victim* than tho
son# of Syreiui to tho Mariners of Ulysses,blight
In* their mont brilliant hopci and anticipations
rendering uu riage, Jtc., Impossible.
YOUNG MEN
especially, who have become the vlctlina of bolitary
Vice, that dreadful and destructive habit
wh.Ui annually BMeeoa to au untimely itcavu
thousands of Young uen of tho moat eicSlenl
uicnu 141,11 iiruitan: luullici, *|U, mil;lit 0u,w.
?#to??c?d liateaiaf Jouuua will. Uie
nf, ulotinence, or waked to testacy tliu
living ljte, miij call wllli full confidence.
M.VHIilAQK
Married Pertonii, or Yimou Men conU initialing
marrtaKO, bo nB aware or K) .leal Wnikncu,
Organic Debility, Defornutiea, apcvdlly curad
flu who lUuui hi mad f under Uui uuu of lib J.
may rcllKioualy confide In bin honor m a gentleman,
and conildeutly rely upon kla akill aaa phyaician.
OKQANIO WEAKNESS
Immediately cured aud full *lgor reatorcd.
Thia diatnaaing aUcctiou, which reudera life
mlamblo and marriage liniioaalhie, It the iKitinlly
paid by the yioliioa of luipropor Indulgence#.
Young peraoin are too upt to commit exceaaea
from uui being aware of the dreudtal oouaequencea
that may euauc. Now, who that underatunda
the Mihjoct will pretcud to deny that the
power of procreation la lost aooucr by thoa* falling
Into improper hablta than by thu pruduut 1
lkudde* being deprived of the nJuaanro of heal thy
offaprintf, tlio moat aeriuuaaml deatrucllve aympU)W?
of both body and mind ariae, The ayatem
boconwa deranged, the I'livaical and Mental
Funchona W uakencd, Loaa oflTocroatire Power.
Nervoua Iirl lability, Dyapopala, Palpitation of
the Ueart, IndlgMtlon, Coimtitutlonal Debility,
Ehtca UM*d"f)^ th ^'oulfh, Consumption,
DU. JOHNSON,
Member of the Koyal College of Burgeona, London,
Gradual*! of one of the moat omlnent Oollegei
lit the United btatea, and tho irreatur nart
of whom) lift Las boon spent la I ho SobuIIaIii ol
London, Paris, Philadelphia and elsewhere, ha*
effected soino of iho most astonishing cures that
were ever known. Many troublod with ringing
In tho head and ears when asleep, great nervousness,
being alarmed at auddou sounds, bashlulnoss,
with frequont blushing, attended sometimes
with derangement of mind, wero curod
Immediately.
TAKE PARTICULAR NOTICE.
Dr. J. addresses all thoso who have InJurod
themselves by Improper ludulgonco and solitary
habits, which ruin both body and mind, unfitting
thum lor either business, study, society or marrl?L.
aro somo or tho sad and melancholy efforts
produced by early habits of youth, vIk:
Weakness of tho 1 Jack and Limbs, Pains in tho
Head, Dimness of bight, Lobs or Muscular Power,
Palpitation or tho lluart. Dyspepsia. Nervous
Irritability, Derangement or tho Digestive Fuuclions,
General Debility, Symptoms of Consumption.
Ac.
Mkntau.t?Tho fearful effects on tho mind
aro much to bo dreaded. Loss of Memory, Con
fusion of Ideas, Depression or Spirits, Kvfl Foreboding*,
Aversion to Society, Helf-Dlstrust, Lovo
or Holitude, Timidity, Ac., are somo or thoovtls
produced.
Thousands of persons of all aires can now
Judge what Is tho cause of their declining health,
losing their vifor, becoming weak, palo, nervous
and emaciated, having a singular appearance
about tho eyes, Cough, and Symptoms or Consumption.
YOUNG MEN
Who have Injn;cd themselves by a certain prac
urn, iiiuuikl'u hi wiiun hioiki, a jiAuit frequently
learned from evol companions, or At school, thu
effects of which aro til^UUy fell, oven when
sleet), ana, If nut curcd, renders mnrrlAgo Tin
possible, And destroys both mind And body,
should Apply Immediately.
What a pity tliAt a young mAn, tho hopo of hla
country Uio pr do of his pArents, Bhould bo
snatched from All prospects and enjoyments of
Ufa by the consequences of dovlAtlnit from tha
??.?f i"s au<^ Indulging Iii a certain bo
Cfatl Huch P0"00* niDBt, boforo coutorn'
MAHRIAQK
reflect that a Bound mind and body aro tho moat
necwaary requisites to promoto connubial hapPi
"Y iif I without theso tho Jonrney
through Ifo becomes a weary pIlgrlmsgM tho
urospoct hourly darkens to tho view, tho mind
becomes shadowed1 with despair and filled with
the melancholy reflection that tho happluoss of
Another bocomoi blighted with ourown.
DISEASES OP IMI'UUDJSNOK.
When tho misguided and Imprudent votary of
PhtaMftlnfti'l^ 11,1 'j?,'"18 |"?,?Ibed thu seeds of
ii fi' !J disease It too often happens that an
"?',bu of uVno (,r llrwuI oiul?covery dolors
him from Applying to those, who from education
And respect ability, can Alono befriend
ihu'h coiistltutlouAl symptoms ol
this horrid iIIsoaso niAke their appearance, such
f,!in-('irn A' ^)ru diseased nose,nocturna
pains In the head and Ilinlm, dimness of sight
deafness, nodes on tho shin-bones and Arma, pro
grossing with frightful rapidity, till At last tho
uaIaIo of tho mouth or tho bones of tho noso fell
In, And tho victim of this awftil disease becomes
a horrid object of commiseration, till death puts
tho dreadful sufferings, by sending
him to that Undiscovered Country from whenco
no traveller returns."
It If MKLANCIIOI<Y PACT that thousands
?nlwnm?8loUVlB,lorr,bl0 disease, owing to tho
unskillfulness of Ignorant nretonuera. who. iiv
ine oh of iliAt DRADLY P'OIHON, M&HCU1r?,
ruin the coufllltuliun and maUu Uic residue oflifa
miserable.
DR. JOHNSTON',
OFFICB. NO. 7 HUUTIIPRKDIRIOK HTIIRRT,
Loft hand side going ftom lialtlmoro stroet, afuw
doors from tbo corner. Fall not to obMrve tbo
namo and number.
IaF" Mo loiters received anions post-paid and
containing a stamp to bo used on tlio reply.
Persons writing sbonld stato ago, and lond portion
of advertisement describing symptoms.
Tbo Doctor's DIPLOMA bangs fn bis office.
INDORSEMENT OF THE PUfcSS:
Tbo many thousands cured at this establish
mcut within tlio last twenty years, and the uumerons
Important snrglcal operations performed
by Dr. Johnston, witnessed by the reporters of
Th* Hun and many other papers, notices of
which bato appeared again and again before Uie
public, hesldos bis standing as a gentleman ol
character and reapoctAbJIUjr, Is a sufficient guarantee
to tlio afflicted.
SKIN DISEASES SPEEDILY CUHBD,
mar 16
Wines and Liquors.
Q. W. FIIANZIIRIM A 00.,
lf?7 MAltl/W
t.T I tkJCiEj .1
WHEELING, W. VA.
Importer* arid Wholewlb Dnalor* Id
Foreign and Domostio
LIQUORS,
HA?? TV&T WfcJIlVTO
DIBECT XMPOBTATIOJt
AKOTDBH INVUlOl OF
SUPERIOR COGNAC BRANIDY
FOB MKDIC'AL I'UHI'OBBB,
Aleo, kocp couBtAtiiiT on hind ?t Wnm.niu
And ittTAir^ tho
Parent llrnndlen, Wine*. CJins. Ar.?
The Oldest Hyc nnd Iloarbon
Whinkiri,
AID 9WM ftdtflt
1ATAWBA AMI) C0NC0K1) WIN EH,
O? OOT OWN KAMTFACTWtt.
B. W. FRANZHEIM I CO.
fhkw co.,
BOOK BINDER8
Aim
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURERS,
Ire prepared at *11 tlmea, with the bout materia!,
a An ordera for Flunk Boeka, anrh a* aro n?cd
rj Banka. C'onntle*, Incornoratluna, Railroad*
ind Merchant*, nixrn ahort notice, and In tbo
noat dcalrable and workmanlike manner.
Having all the latest and mo?t Improved mahlnery
wo feel confident that we will render en
Ire eatlafaetlon to all who favor na with thoV
irder*.
Mnale. Ma^arlnea, and Terlodlrala of ever>
Icfr.rlptlon bonnd In a neat and dnrable manner.
Addreaa,
MII.I.H, KIIITAV Ac CO..
Cor. fjnlaey k fia|? Htrecta,
mam WHRBf.lNO. w VA.