litOlTerixl^by^C&rrian! 1 |tllxicl?dmy?forona jwvIn iranoe,....S I SO
tJX moutlii 1 00
w Club? of Ton 13 00
KJffiSsST^^g vo^- XX- WHEELING, W. VA., MONDAY MORNING, DECEMBER IS, 187J. NO <)ji Sfe SS
Three month*, in idrmc^.100 And ?a extra copy to the ponoo Rotting op Club.
rofltm&jilun km rct]ui-?h-<l tii art u A^>>ntii
For Kent.
TT10R RENT-A GOOD DWELL
JL? 1NU IIi)ubo of alz room*, gu and M|fl
waUt. situate on John Birwot, PoimmIod'K
April lit. Apply to 8. L. CUTHBHRT,
dwelt __ Monroe street.
UTKKNlioD HOUSE FOlifl*
O UKNT.
In tlioroBgb repaid for ttrstcloas Boarding
Houbo. Apply at tho house or to.
dtCfl GBO. W. THOMPSON.
poitHKNTI M
The Stars Booms sow Occupied by Ui.JUL
A. L. KRAFT BKl).,
uov*7 ll'J Main Htreet.
For Sale.
TjlLIZA JANE ZANE, SAMUEL
Hi ttorlggZano. Cordelia Carr and JfUtou T.
L'arr, Noah Zane, Hopbla Kaaton tad Alexauder
Huston, and Plstoff Zane.
Daniel C. List, Trustee.
Ia Chancery, Circuit Court fur Ohio county,
West Vs.
In pursuance of a dome of said Court made
Id this cause on the Wth day of December, 1(170,
1 Mill odor for salu, un
FRIDAY, the 16th day of December, 1871,
at the front door of the Court llouao lor Ohio
c ounty. West Va., commencing at 10 o'clock a.
u tho following real estate, lying In (hu city of
Wheeling, on the west sido or Main street, via;
The two valuable stores now occupied by I).
A. Adler A Co. and by i'eter tf. Zlnu and others,
lying between tho houses occupied by Harbour
Dittman and 8. Klluo. Also the property on
sumo side of Mala street now occupied by Urn
hoe stora or Jllchard Porter, adjoining house
owned by J. B. Bheppsrd.
Turns or tULK-One-flfth of purchase to be 1
paid In cash and tho balance lu ouo, two. three
ami four rears from day of sale, with Intorest,
Icrrod #avmcnts, aud dec da of truat, at tho ez<
pcnao of the purchaser, us further security on
lliu property told.
novlo DANIBL C. LIST, Trustee.
Tho eale of tlio above pro|>erty, except tho
liouno occupied by Richard Porter, id postponed
until FRIDAY, Decembern, 1871, at 10o'clock,
declG D.^C. LIHT, Trustee^
JpAKM FOR BALE!
k
Valuablo tiardonlngi Coal anil Farming
ljjuda, In llelmont Co.,0.
Tho property belonging to the helra of Matthuw
Nlchol, defended, altuatedon the National Road,
four in ilea wret of tho city of Wheeling, containln?
811 Hcrea, In offered for lale on r<uuk>iifthl?
terma, and if dcetrud will bu divided luto tract*
as followa, viz:
Xo. I. Tbo "Homestead property," containing
alHHit US acrea, on which in a good two atory
Dwelling House, beautifully located a few roda
from the Natloual Road. with all necessary outbuildings;
also, a good Orchard. This tract In
well adopted for a Daiht.
Xo. J. Tho wall known "Stone Tavern" honae,
with a good Uwn and extonalve Stabling, with
ntxuit 80 acrea of land attached, 18 acroa or which
i4 extra bottom, an I table for gardening purpoaet.
This Is one of tho best locations on tho National
Knad for doing a hotel and stork deallug bualNo.
3. C'oiitalnsalKJut Macros, on which there
Is u good Irame dwelling; also, a Coal Rank In
working order.
Xo. 4. Contains about .'15 acrcaof cliolcobot- r
torn gardening land, lying In'tween the National
KhmiI miuI Wheeling 1,'roek. which will be sold III
tract* to adit purchaaerH.
So. 5. South of Wheeling <!reek and adjolniiifr I
tin* above land*, coiitalnitiK about 78 aerca, 14 of i
which in creek bottom, and the balunco good up
land.
All tho uplandK nro well timbered, and under- I
laid with a I
iSix Foot Voin of Excollont Goal, 1

Cropping out at tho most accetalhlu polnta. I
rro|H?ltlonn fur the whole ornuy part of tho
mImjvu dcacrlbed property may \w made to the
underelgned, and If not ul*poi?ed of beroru (l
FRIDAY, theSDIh day of December, 1871,
It will bo offered at FUULIC BALK on that day,
on the premlrte*. t
Term" made known by application to
DAVID BROWN,
Ht. <Jlalravilie, O. r
or. Til OH. J. HI, AI It,
deer. Wheeling. W. Va.
AN TIIKTBLANI).-F0 11||*
W HAI'B-A Frame Housftof 4 rooma,
and lot 44 by 118 feet.
decli 8. L. rUTHBKUT.MonrooHt.
jjlAIlM FOIl BALK,
Containing 100 acrea, all undor cultivation, five
tulle* from the city, on tho ridge between Olen'e
Kan and the Ohio rlrer. No bettor neighborhood
or better laying Farm liftho county,
dec 11 I. IRWIN, Agent.
^BBlONflE'B SALE.
The underelgned will aell at Public Auction to
the hlgheat bidder, commencing
TUUHSDAY, December 11st, at 10 o'clock a. m?
st tho Btoro No. 88 Main street. Ill tho city of
Wb?*ellng, In lots by catalogue, tho entire stock
of 1 loots and Bhocs or the lato tlrm of R. Porter n
A Co. This sale offers to the merchants ot this
city nnd sarrouudlng country facilities for re- x
plentohlng their stork rarely to be mot with, a*
there wlllbe found In It most all tho grades of
rt'ifiilar good* sold by the trade. comprising In
imrt Women's Mlf*ea' and Children*!* Leather.
Morocco and Lasting Shoes, Men's, Hoy*' and
Youths' Boots and Brogans; atery large assort-
meht ??f Men Calf, KJp and heavy Boots, Men'*
nnd Women's Rubber OYorshoes, with many
style* and patterns of each which cannot bu here
enumerated, consisting altogether of aome thrto
hundred parksgea. I n
Catalogues can be procured at the atoro on tho 0
tiny previous to the sale, when Mil who desire
may fmre an opportunity of Inspecting the goods.
Hale positive, and to continue from day today tl
until au Is sold,
Tama-Blxty days tfredlt on all sums amount-
Ing to f 100and upwards, for approved notes payable
at bank. R. P. HTULL, tl
decll Assignee of R. lH>rt??r A Co.
T) WELLING HOUSE J
FOR SALE. c
I offer for sale the hone In which I nowro- JgMj J1
slde.altuate on .loho street, a few doors I li
Mdt of Fifth. The boon# l? a enbetantlal JUJL
tw.vitory brick containing eight roome, beslilee
n beth room and kitchen, and a finished
utile, with a (mod celler, hot and cold water In
beth roome. The home In In good order end s
well located and In every way a durable prop-
orty, being but a little over a eqnaro from the
Post Office. There li aim on the premleee a good f?
BRIOK HTADLK, fl
cufflrlent for four horeee.anda carriage honee. K
Anyone wishing to purchase can eieuilne the v
premiere at anylime. ol
septM JNO. F. MrDRRMOT. J
ULAN I) LOTS FOK BALK. 11
iltvlngeold all the lota offered at $300 each,
eieept two, I now oifi* ten lote fronting on the
eest aide of Kim and Cheetnot etreete and e*tending
to the river. Price from $300 to ft,000
cerh, according to el*o end location. Terms,
one fourth cash, resldno In equal Installment at
one, two end three years.
JWO. P. GILCHRIST,
engt4 At Top Mill. j
Jewelry, Ao. n
A M KII10 A N AN I)' V 0 It BIO N
WATCHKS,
Sterling Silver and ii
Silver Plated Ware, t
Fine Jewelry of Every Description J
<win and tm.rKR wtAnnn vAims,
Fronoh and American Clooki, fto., n
FOR SAI.K CHEAP,
At till! Old ami lteltaMo Jewelry More of 1
0. P. BROWN,
dfrlMaw No. t WABBmOTON HAtL. Il
SJwSnMligmrtr.
Thkkb iii fresh commotion among the
rascals in New York, anil much excitemeut
there among all classes. TheUrand
Jury lias got up a lort oi lottery and are
having "a drawing." Twkru and C!onkoi.lv
have drawn prizea, and the belief
is that twenty or thirty other eminent
thieves will do likewise.
M1MSOUKI.
Literal Republican Caucus at the
Capital? Enoimons Fraud la the
Male or Hcbool Lands.
St. Louis, December 10.?The lilwrul
ltepublicans belli a secret amain at lottenon
City last night,but it Is known thai
the address issued l>y thu Statu CninmilKu
was unanimously Indorsed and quite a
number of additional si?ualurt?.ii(tuched
to it A Legislative CommlttM wus appointed
to work up matte during the
session, and also a committee to procure
signatures to thu address.
The Slate Hoard ol Education\have
made a report, which la published here
this morning, m which they give a detailed
statement of the enormous frauds
practiced In the disposition of swamp lands
donated lor school purpose*. It I* stated
thai If the sales ol these lands had been
lionwtly contracted, the State would now
liavo a county school endowment ol $12,000,000,
which, added.to the present luud,
would make not less than $14,000,000.
Over a million and a half of acrcs of land
uavo ueen squanuerou. n retponitomly
of Uiia is charged upon tho County
lourta. Tho report says many counties
liave drawn upon tlio school luml to erect
nurt-houMI, Jaill, bridges, railroads, anil
Bxcavating rivers, Ac. Iu one county
150,000 acres were subscribed for a rail- 1
road, 107,000 Bold on an execution to satisfy
a judgment against tho county, and 1
jltcrwarus 50,000 acres of the land so sold
was given to an attorney to get tho land
back. This Is butonoof themuny similar
jiises. Tho Board recommends that tho
County Courts bo required to levy a spe-
;lal la* to replace tho school funds llle- 1
{ally used, and ask that tho School Board
ittorneys be authorized to inatituto proleadings
to recover the lionda and lands j
iquanuered by tho counties, and when
icccsaary to mandamus theCounly Courts
;o lovy taxes.
C'ONORKHH ASKKI) TO (IIIANT AIINKSTV. j
The lower House of tho Legislature to- t
lay passed a concurrent resolution asking
Jougresa to pass a law granting a lull am- i
lesly to all who have been deprived of i
he rights of citizenship. j
LOUISVILLE LIDRAHY LOT- I
TERY.
rho Drawln* Haturdar?The Lucky I
numbers. j
Ijouirvii.lk, December 10.?WeiBseger t
lull wu opened at 7 o'clock this mom- 1
ng for the drawing of the great Public t
jlbrary Lottery, The drawing coinnenced
about 0 o'clock. Only about onu r
mudred persons wero present owing to
ho early hour ol commencement, which t
VM necessary in order to get through to- 8
light; but the hall rood filled, and by 10
>'clock it was crowded with ]>eoplo, who t
ipplauded overy largo prize. Tho follow- a
ng are tho numlters which drew prizes ol h
il one thousand dollars and over. No. s
1,278 diew tho capital prize, |ttfl,000. The t
Icket was bought by James K. Durir, of 1
Memphis, Tennessee:
Jo. 5.075 drew $17,600
?4.17t 8,7M) |i
la.wo fl.fiw
iH.wn c,aoo
90.M.1 6.980 li
81.4'7 6.600 0
J3.W7 4.900 f(
16,913 i 4.660 1
?,0M *4100 il
n.aw 3.sy) ii
10,AU 3.150 I
9.M8 M J.H00
10,458 M 11.450 a
1I.0!? 1.400 b
ti.M 0.600 n
9,710 7,000 1
84.417 8,800
1.411 5.850 f<
17.310 3.HW v
n.wi s.aw
10,834 ?ISO
?,mi i,im ft
11.015 1,7511 i,
11,OM 1.400
1?,JM 1.1)00
l'p tn 3 o'clock bo other largo prizes
ail been drawn. Henry Kohnworst, a
eputy sheriH of this county, held ticket r,
to, 2,095, drawing $4,200.
CANADA.
fnnt of CaaMitaee la (tie Uovera- 0
raeot?.AIftl?..,Minl<try Charged
with llribrry,
Touonto, Dee. 15.?In tho House to- j!
Iglit, after a warm discussion, the motion
fa want of confidence in the government
ras pawed by a majority of one, when J
no llouaa immediately adjourned.
Ottawa, Dec. 111.?The Grind Duke
rill arrive heroMonday r. M. His rccep- jj
[on will lie nnvato.
C'onuno, Bee. IB.?A man named Levi
lossel, from Montlcolla, Unt,, en route to
mici <tonnty, Iowa, shot hlmsell in tho P
urn last night,and has ?lnccdied. Aeon-
idcrahle amount of money was found on Jis
person. jj
N?w York, Dec. 10.?A (Jucliccspc- J
ial states that last night in the House of
iBsembly.nne of the leaders ol tho oppo-
lllon created agrcat excitement hychargiir
lirllierv and corruption m*)n tho
ftttit" "f I11" Mlnliwy, "eliciting' clicera 1
om the gallerln. Tho Hpeaker had tlio
allerlea cleared by tbe armed police,
rhen Hie crowd organised a meeting out-
Idn, being addressed by prominent an-
cxatinnlats, who claimed annexation to
;io United Stales preferable to armed
'rorlnclal tyranny. h
1 I!
TENNESSEE.
'Ire In Naahtllle..Klllt<J on the
Railroad. I
NAKiivfM.K, December 17.?Powers
lunt'a carriage mamilaclory waa deIrnyed
by flro last night. Nearly all tlio
nliiicd and unfinished work In the build- 1
IX waa burned. F/naa 3.1,000-, Insurance
lojOOO in the Globe Agency. Iiosa on
uilillng fl.OOO; no Insurance. Two
csldences adjoining wore slightly damigetl.
Tho flro was tho result of Incenfarism.
1,
I'at Farrell, a carpenter of NaaliTllle, e
ras killed cm tho Naslnllln A North- 1
rcslorn railroad, at Uarilner'i Station,
Vestern Tenneasce, ycalerday. Ite was e
riuhed between two cars. |i
a micky mromcr ci.brk. 11
t-i? T1...IT fi
MKMFHin, Uffccmucr I
ricrk in tho Pmtnfflce here, drew tho
anital prtao of Ibirly-flTO tlinnaand dot- 11
urn in the Lontaville Library Lottery
n day.
?William llrnwn killed his wile In
,ynn. Mam, Saturday m., by atabliing
ipr with a dlrk-knlfo
BY TELEGRAPH.
ASSOCIATBD PHES8 HEPOHT.
Exclusively to tb? IntelHgenrer.
(Iij tho Wcatorn Union Lino.
lifllce North-west cor. ol Main andMouroeiU.)
IKKSII It AID ON niR TAMMANY
THIEVES.
Tweed and Connolly lidicted by the
ruud Jury?Tweed Arreted nud
Arrniuned an h Common Thief.
Keyer Turn* lu former?A Frouiiueul
Citizen Not llcroru Nuanceted
to bo Arrested.
Tweed Sent to the Tombs Hut
JJrouglit flack ou Ha bras Corpus
and Hailed for $5,000.
Nkw York, Docember 1(J.?Yesterday
afternoon the Urand Jury submitted n
batch of four indictmcnta to the Court of
Ueneral Sessions. Recorder Uackett, ou
examining tbu lirst at them, Inuud it was
directed against Wm. M. Tweed, nnd
charged him with tho crime ot felony. On
further examination other indictments for
the saiuo criino were found against him.
The District Attorney, Mr. Garvin, immediately
notified Charles O'Connor. Alter
tho close of the Court the two waited upon
Recorder Uackett, and upplied for a bench
warrant lor Tweed's arrest, which was
granted, no bail being mentioned at Mr.
O'Connor's special request. The District
Attorney will not accept bail unless it is
acceptablo to Mr. O'Connor.
It is understood that tho proceedings aro
based upon affidavits made by Keysor,
who is reporteil to have been promised immunity
in any proHcoutiona that may bo
instituted, on condition that ho would
bring definite charges against the city
ullicials. Koyser.it is stated, catuo Irotn
South Carolina, where ho has been staying
for tho benefit of his health, a I'cw
liays ago, nnd the intended action of the
llureau of tho Municipal Court, from
which quarter the complaint is supposed
[o originate, lias been kept a profound bo*
jrot
Tweed was not at his ofllco in the
Department of Public Works when the r
ihcrilF Milled to servo the order upon him.
n?o alicrill*and liis deputy drove to the 11
Metropolitan Hotel whore Tweed wan.
I'wied in the meantime had not the 1
(lightest suspicion of what was being v
lone, was comfortably Heated in liin pri- R
/ate parlor. Tito sheriff, then, at about
mlf past five, formally arrested Tweed
iud placed him in the custody ol his J
leputicb. The affair was kept a secret 11
toil did not becomo known until a very ,J
sarly hour this morning. Tweed, with a H
>arty of friends, went in search of the
Recorder with a view to have himself 1
jailed, but that odiciul could not be found. J
Pweed was, theroforo, con lined as a pris- 11
mer during the night ut the Metropolitan
Hotel, of which his son is chief proprietor,
lie will be arraigned as a common thief J1,
o-duy in the Court of General Sessions at JJ
1 o'clock, and the question of bail will j;1
hen bo settled.
Charles O'Connor will appear on hehall
if the people. Associating himself with J'j
fir. Garvin, ho will make a powcrlul ellort
0 prevent the release of the culprit on a 1
mall or insulllcient bail. The bail re- w
luired will probably be furnished, but as 'J
ho bond of Tweed in tho civil suit
gainst him has never been Instilled, the
lioriir will innint ?in being well 1,1
ccureri A^ninat tlighl,which Tweedjssaid
o have contemplated. It was remarked 11
ly lih Iricndii that thin prosecution would
irevunt his taking hit* Beat at Albany. 1
The Grand Jury also found two indict- \v
nents against Hichard Ji. Connolly, and
warrants for Ids Arrest were nerved on Kl
ilni at the Ludlow street Jail, about?
'clock. The charges against hiin arc
or gross misdemeanors in olllco, and the
radictments refer In part to tho alleged jj]
raudulent oj>eratlons of Connolly and 1,1
high Smith, in paying largo claims
gainBt the city for ga9.- Connolly will 'J
o arraigned btiforo tho Recorder with
'weed.
It lis said that an indictmcut will be 01
>und against a prominent Individual, T
rhoflo naino has never been before men-
ioned in connection with tho ring frauds, J11
nd whom but lew persons woulu suspect
bo involved. J
Thero was a largo crowd at tho Court
f Goneral Sessions this morning to be
resent at tho trial of Tweed, who ar- J!
Ived shortly after 11 o'clock, in charge J;1
ftwo deputy sheriff. Ho appeared un- jr*
onccnicil outwardly, but immediately
ntered Into consultation with his coun- J
el. Tweed appeared In court about 12 ei
'clock, accompanied by John Graham,
x-Judgo Fullerton and David Dudley
'ield ascounsel. Ho was cheered by his
lends in tho court room. District Attor- JJ;
ey Garvin announced his readiness to go l.?
n with tho case of Tweed. Mr. Graham
pplied for an extension of tlino to plead. ?J
lr. Garviu had no objection to giving a JJ
Mwonablo time: in tho meantime the f"
rlsoner betojf committed in the usual m
ray. Judgo Bedford consented, and the
me waa grunted. Chas. O'Connor find
len. Barlow attended in behalf of the
eonle.
Tho Indictments against Tweed and re
lonnolly are very voluminous, and reler ar
tlie charges which have already been tli
ubllihed o( the payment of fraudulent K
laims. The; application lor a reduction
f Tweed's bail beforo Judge Learned, cc
t Albany, Is denied. *n
Tweed has been sent to tlio Tombs tli
'rtoon to await a hearing in the ctiao as w
i whether ball will be accepted. w
Judge Barnard has just granted a writ I'
f htJxii* eorpu* to bring Tweed before
iin immediately on the motion that bail
e allowed. C'
Nrw YonK, December 111.?Tweed's J1]
ail i? fixed by Judge Barnnrd at Ave 1,1
lionsand dollars, which was promptly
tiered and accepted.
n<
[(IAtkii.)
lorn Indictments--StnrtlmR Devetopments
Eipected-.tircHt K?. N
cttemenl in (he Oitf. Cr
'hp Indictment* Against Tweed nnd
(.'onnollfTwrpd Thoroughly y
Rcarcd llis Appenr.
nnrr In Conrt. ,J
Nrw York, December 1(1?Evening.? J!
.ittlo else Is talked nl In tlio city today
jcept the action of tlio Grand .Inry.
'hero was great cxcitcmont about the
!ity Hall, whero large crowds of
lanii were congregated discussing the ro
roceitllncfl against Tweed A Co. It Is iii
nderstood that Indictments have hern
rand against twenty or more persons, in
mong whom, It Is said, will he men not hi
eretotori' publicly known as having tieen n
onnectcd with the city frauds and ce
lallotboj stulllng. It Is stated ra
hat two Indictments have been m
rntnd against Thomas 0. Fields ami fn
no or more against other parties con- ai
ipcted with the city parks management, m
It baa leaked out that James M. Bweeney
haa been indicted for felooy, and tbat
the proofa against him are even stronger
than against Tweed.
An indictment is said to have been
found against one notorious lellow who
voted 000 repeaters at the last election.
A well-known Judge haa ulao been indieted
lor bis connection with ballot-box
stuffing.
The Crand Jury are expected to get at
iheir labors Tuesday next, when thirty or
forty sealed indictments are expected to
make their appearance. The anxiety ia
very great oa to the expected develop-
menta, and greater excitement than auy
heretofore created ia anticipated when j
the facts are all made known.
One of the indictment* aguinst Connolly
is tor auilitiug the bill ot Ingersotl <Sc j
Co. [or $01,325.00, and another for audit-
lug tlio bill of Andrew J. Harvey lor $07,-
Otis HI). After reciting the law relating to
the tux levy, the indictment says that while
the net was in lorco Hall, Tweed and Connolly
constituted the Board to audit the
accounts, aud that they acted on tho bills
nf A. J. Uurvey lor $?if,0(W.8U; that while
tho papers were iu Connolly a noHsesaion
they were lost and bo confined, and
Connolly corruptly neglected to auilit
the claims. The second count
itatca that it was tho duty ot Hall, Connolly
and Tweed, each ol them to audit,
md in ho auditing to examine into the
validity and correctness of claims. The
indictment ugalust Tweed says: "lie
lid cunningly, conlusionly, corruptly and
'ruudulently, intending uudcr cloak or t
:over of pretendingly carrying into effect a
lie provisions of said act, to rcceivo and r
icquiro to his own use large sums of
noney belonging to the county, tho pro- c
seeds of bonds ho issued-, and that he
inowingly, lalscly aud fraudulently wroto u
lis name,Win. M. Tweed,Ch., upon certain
tapers purporting to bo claims against tho j
'ounty presented to said Hoard ol Hun?r- q
Msors, and authorized to be paid." Tho
illegation is also made that the repre-
lentatlons of Tweed wero lulso, and that l(
he claims had never been presented to
lie Hoard of Supervisors, and could not
lave been found correct. J
It in stated that from the character of
he imiictmcuts against Tweed and Con- n
lolly, tlio indictment of Mayor Hall u
nust follow. v
The opinion of Judge Learned, of Aliany,
denying tlio motion to vacate the
rder of arrest in the case of Tweed, holds ft
liat the atlldavit of the complainant on jH
r hicli the order was issued, must bo true, |j
s the defendant makes no atlldavit him- tM
L'lf. The opinion is very long, and re- H
;rs at length to Tweed's connection with 8,
tic city frauds. The Judge holds that
lio people of tlio Htato had a right to
ring suit. II
When Tweed appeared at the Court of ct
esHions today, he looked pale And crestdlen.
He tried vainly to smile pleasantf
when his friends gro8|Mid his hand. Ilis Jr
ico had all the ap|>euranco of one who
as completely scared, and the air of jj,
Icnsautncafl which he tried to assume,
uule him look all the more ghastly. Pollclans
of all classes densely crowded the
uurt room. As Tweed entered Ids ndlie- t
mta raised a cneor in inn lavorjiiut tuo
liccra were soon drowned by llio hisses /r
I his op|H)ncnl8. Upon tho entry of Mr. p
'Connor ho was greeted with cheers,
'weed's counsel wero greatly Hiirprlsed
lien Judgo Bedford announced tlnit the PJ
rlsoner was rommltled without hail,
i)hn (Irahaiu at onco declaring that they *1
uniedtlio right ol tho Court to commit "j
i that manner. w
Tho writ of htibciw corrn*issued hy Judge
arnard, Intercepted Tweed on tho way ?1'
tho elty prison and ho was forthwith M
rouglit hack to tho Sllpromo Court, [ri
here an excited crowd was gathered. A 10
L'tachmcntol police were called upon to
pep order. 1,1
Mr. (Jraliam opened tho caso hy stating JJJ
lat Tweed had been indicted In tho 1'
eneralHessions lor an oirenco ol* which the f?
unislimont was but three years imprison- [V
icnt and a line of $1,000. y1
Judgo Harnard interrupted Mr. (Iraham J"
i his remarks which relerred to Tweed's ,r
Dfencc, saying ho could hear counsel
ily upon tho |H)iut admitting tho prisicr
to hail. ac
Mr. O'Conner followed, contending that ot
weed should ho hold in such ball as was rl<
istilled hy tho magnitude of the crime, fri
When tho counsel had concluded Judge
arnard said it would never do to refuse
admit a man to bail charged with a
iininul oltence. This charge in the <i<i
ighcBt ollcnce, but I sco nothing to jus- nt
I'y any departure from the ordinary |[f
mrai of procedure, and 1 order, there 9n
re, that lie lie hulled In tho sum ol |B,
>,000. Fred II. Hltiula was then accept- l)<
1 an liifl bondsman.
Tho Connolly cane was not called in the n,
iininal court tills morning ns expectcd. ti,
Nuw Yoiik, December 17.?It la re- i|r
arted that James II. Ingersoll left yesrday
[or Europe In tho steamer Ithoin. |ei
tines M.Bwoeney, llugh Hmltli and set- t!i
al other ring men are at Toronto. Tho 0|
imors afloat last night of the arrest of sa
[ayor Hall ami 1'eter B. Sweeney prove er
lac. toi
WASHINGTON.
mi
Wahhinoton, December 1(1.?The Sectary
of the Interior to-day heard the J?
gument in the railroad eases Involving
ic title to certain Osago ccded lands in a,
ansas and Texas. U,
A delegation of Philadelphia merchants or
died upon the Secretary ol tho Treasury (e
i day to sec whether he could not allow
icm some relief Irom the iioavy charges
liich nro mado on imported articles
liich come through the New York and
The Secretary of the Interior addresses i,
rnmnmnirntfnn to tlio Apache Chief,
ochizo, Baying that the President anil
imscll', as a mark of friendship, invite
itn, together with JjbCo and Victor!, to
ime to Wasidngton at tlio Government's
[poiise. It is lielicvcd tiiat Coclilzo will J
iccpt the invitation early next year. JV
The Bcnato Committee on Elections J
id Privileges have decided to report adirsoly
on filodgett's and favorably on
orwood'.s claim to ids seat In tlio Senalo
nm Georgia.
The Southern Claims Commission re-
inic tiieir session immediately alter New
cars. In tlio meantime they will take
i the 200 or ,100 cases now ready for
clsion, and prepare them for tlio con[location
of tlio IIouso Committee on
laiins. ?rl
de
iiiiiinum. vi!
ini
CntcAoo, December 17.?The annual co
port or the Blatc He form School for up
rls, filed In the Governor's ofllce y ester- th
\y, shows that there are ninety-eight to
mates In that Institution, and cost the th
late la?rt year $18,180. The Auditor of tai
le State's report, was also filed, tho re- wl
>ipts fH the State for next year, are est!- ur
atcil at $5,200,000, and the disbursement th
$4,770,000. The total collected in 1871, th
r State, county and local purposes, ch
noun ted to $$,587,064! In 18(11, the pe
nonnt collected was $11,030,913. jo
FOREIGN.
FRANCE.
Impending Change in the Governincut?Interview
llelween Thieri
and Hue D'Ainnale?Programme
for the Overthrow of the Republic.
Nkw York, December 10.?a special
dUpatch Iroin I'aria, mya that ou Thurailay,
another interview took place between
Thiers and the Orleaua Princes, which
wim of un unfrinnillv chnrar.l<>r. Tlm-ru
complained that Due D'Aumalo had not
strictly observed bis previous agreement,
inasmuch as ho hud endeavored to interiat
tho Generals in his fuvor. Due
D'Aumalodenied this. Thiers said: "i
know that you have visited wuny Geuerlis
who are members ol the Assembly,
with a view to obtuiu their support. 1
Joubt not your aim is patriotic, 1 was
mrtieularly surprised and discontented
iiatyou also made similar visits to many
)f tho subordinate Generals." The Duke
inswered evasively, and terminated the
nterview with u declaration that he
would uow take tho advice of his friends
lot us to whether ho shall take his seat,
jut only with reference as tq.jtho proper
into for doing so.
General Bourbaki told Due IHAumale
u tho presence of General Duerot, that
>uly a liepublicor Empire was competent
o restore Franco, and he could servo no
>tbor regime.
The Orleans* plan is for tho right to
ako advantage of Thiers' impatience, and
,t tho llrst opportunity to torco his rosiglalion
und make Due D'Aumalo I'reailent,
to follow with u declaration prolaimiug
Chainbourd King, Count Do
'arts heir to the throne, and Due D'Auunln
Lliuit.. (limi-rnl.
lu the Budget of Fiuauee, Minister
'ouycr-(inertier, sIiowb u uurplus of 14,00,000
Iranes.
A bill for the partial ronowal of the
'hambcr ima been rejected by a commit,-
no of tbo Assembly, by a mujority of one.
Paius, Dec. 17.?The French Comnine
propose to present the Government
f England willi nil oil painting comicmorativo
of the great eHbrlamade by
lie people and autborities ol that country
supply the Froncb people with food
rliep sorely pressed by famine aud disress
lit tbo cloeo of tlie war.
A majority of the National Assembly
re still averse to the return to l'aris. It
i reported to day that ail arrangement it
kely to be ellected under which the ExLJiitivo
will take ui> his quarters in Paris,
rhile the Assembly will remain at Verlilies.
Eighty of the extreme JegitainiHts in
io Assembly will, it is said, secede from
io majority on the monarehlal party, in
ise Due d'Aumaln is chosen its leader.
The Committee upon tho reorganizaon
ol the army has agreed to exempt
oui compulsory military scrvico all ecesiastica
and heads of commercial estabdtfflcnts.
ENGLAND.
ho Princcof Wales HtillImproving.
New Yoke, December 15.?Keports I
oni London up to noon show that tlic j
rlnco ol Wales eon tin ucs to improve.
London, December 10.?Tho Prince
'ogresses so well tlmt it is proposed that
rinccs Arthur nnd Leopold and the
rlnccss Hentricc leave Bandringhant to
iy lor Windsor (Justlo. Prince Allrcd
ill soon follow.
Tho Alfred LeOrnndo has been wreck- I
Ion tho Danish coast. A number of I
?r crow was drowned. Tho Oi|iiendo, h
inn Hantonda for New York, lias been 1
tally lost. h
A bulletin from Handringham says that s
e convalescence of the Princo has coin* t<
cnced, and progresses slowly but steaily. l|
ho Queen will return from Bandringhain e
Windsor to day, probably accompanied s
r tho Princess Louise. Tho Duko ol
imbridge bus already returned to Lon? t!
in. No uoon bulletin from Bandring*
mi appears to day. It Is announced r
at it has been discontinued. a
London, December 10.?Tho Queen. R
companied by tho Princess Louise and
her members ol the Royal family, ar- d
red at Windsor Ciutlo this atcrnoon
mi Bandrinirhain. Ii
London, December 10.?Tlic following jthe
latest bulletin Iroin Bandrlngham:
"Sandwnoium.Dcc, 10?r> f. m.?To-
ty the I'rinco wan more tranquil than 1
any tlrno sinco the (ever declared
telf. Ill" progress in all particulars la 11
tisfactory. Kofurtherjbulletlns will be
lued to-night. The next will appear at J
o'clock to-morrow morning."
London, December 10.?Five Bailors ol Jj
e American ship James Urctt, lying in
e harbor of llavre, were acchlently }j
owned yesterday.
London, December 17.?An ofllclal Intl- 1
lin Issued from Handrlngbam at 8o'clock J
Is morning, announced^ that the I'rinco J1
Wales passed a quiet night and was
llBfuctorlly progressing towards recovy.
Another bulletin Issued late this af- 0
moon reports that tho l'rince bad a Iran- f
ill day. J
The (Mitfrmr says that Parliament will J1
cot tho second week In February.
suits Interdicted In Atvltzcrlnnd. J1
Bernr, December 10.?The Federal
isembly lias passed a bill interdicting
a eslabllsliment of Jesuit communities,
tho employment ol Jesuits as doctrinal
tellers in Switzerland. ,1
River News.
Cairo, It.t.., December 10.?Arrived? h
lICKSlup, iroul Avimnviiiu, ui u i. n,, V
smarck, Irorn New Orleans, at 11 r. m. n
parted?Arkansas, lor Ouaeliitu river,
8 p.m.! Quickstep, lor Kvamvilie, nt 10
m. Clear and cool.
Ht. Ixii'ifl, December 10.?'The steamer
ty of l'ekin and towboat Fisher, afler (1
ttlng at the Ice ijorge between here anil n
jlnswich, 25 miles below this port, yes- V
day anil most of to day, efleeled a pass- n
c ami came to the wharf this evening, a
ivigatlon is now resumed South, and b
poral lioaU will le~ vo ns soon as loaded, c
le gorge above the bridge piers is still o
ong, and the probabilities are that the tl
rer between here and Cairo will remain i
?r of lee during the winter.
The Wharton Poisoning Case.
Iiai.timoiir, Dec. 10.?In the Wharton c
al to day, after the argument, the court c
cided that the hooka and papers of a
n. Ketcbum, containing his entries ol p
lorest received Irom Mrs. Wharton, r
nld not lie admitted. Mr*. Chubb was
c question in her former testimony as
the conversation between lierrelt and li
c prisoner in regard to the purchase ol t
rtnr emetic for the prisoner, and to 1
liich aiie then replied that then; was no c
idue misapprehension ot tho question ti
at tho prisoner desired witness to testify
at the man from whom witness had pnriased
tiie tartar emetic was tho same a
rann who sold It to the prisoner. Ad- H
nrned to Monday. li
THE INTERNATIONAL PARADE.
A Fine Display--A I'caccable uud
Orderly A Hair.
New Yohk, December 17.?Theparado
ol Uio Internationalists cauio oil' to-day
uud proved a success. The occasion wits
regarded uot only wilh marked sym
pathy Tor the cause in which Kossel and
his comrade* sulfered, but also as a triumph
over the Police Commissioners.
At noon the gathering commenced in
the neighborhood of Cooper Institute and
soon Uio thoroughfare on either tide of it.
iu the lid and 4th avenues, became nearly
blocked. There being besidestho intending
processionists, immense crowds of
holliday street gazers, who from time to
time cheered every one in general, and
any female Communists, Woodhull and
Clatfiu in particular.
About a quarter past two there was a
general stir among the masses. Soon the
solemn notes of tho luneral dirge was
heard from the band ot Hawkins'
Zouaves, which formed the head
of the column. Immediately after
them came a platoon of the Bkidmore
Guards, (colored) amljhen Messrs. Banks
and Flureau followed, and then a number
of ladies on foot, among them Miss Tennie
C. Clatlin, carrying a red flag, which
bore tho inscription, "X. A. W., Section 12,
Social and Political Equality lor Hoth
Sexes," and Mrs. Victoria C. Woodhull.
Then the -Societies and I'nions in the
following order: Tho Cuban League,
bearing Cubun Hags; another crowd of
females and some males; the drum corps
ol Hawkins' /naves; a catafalque, upon
which were three cofllns drawn by six
horses; M. 31. DoVeuro and Megyjate
commander of Fort Issy; pall bearers,
and walking with them about a do/en
rc/guees Iroin Paris, thu French Legion,
the Printers' Union, Bricklayers' tin ion
and Cabinet Makers' Union, und livo carriage,
all closo on two thousand peoplo.
In the lorcmost carriage sat (Jen. Kyan,
of Cuban notoriety, and the Feniai^chiel
O'Donavan ltossa.In another carriage rode
Mra. Frances Koao McKenuey. The catafalque
was aubatantially yet tastefully
made and druped in black, the inscription
nil the sides being in white letters: To
the Martyrs of iho Universal KepubUc."
[t was decorated with Hags and streamers
mingled with mourning crape. Tlio processionists
generally wore red rosettes und
tcarfs with black crape, and the banners
md flags were nearly all of the same
jolor. The banner captured last
Sunday by the ixtlicu was one of the most
loticeable. It bore the inscription, "The
ipirit of the Communo expands as the axe
>1' Iho executioner falls upon the necklaco
if its martyrs." On another banner was
'The world is our country; to do good, our
eliglon." Auotiior'And thoy had all things
n common." Thejlineot procession waH
lown the Bowery to Great Jones street to
3 road way, across Broadway to Wavcrly
['lace and Filth avenue, up Fifth avenue
mil iUtli nlrpnl In Mivtli nvimiin nnililnum
4th street to the Lincoln monument, in
-'nion Bquaro, around which the procesioniata
mnrched nnd then disiHirsed.
fifth avenue was entirely deserted lor the
ioiico Ijy tho upper ten, who took refuge
>ehind the window curtains, occasionally
>ecping out at tho Reds. The greatest
irder prevailed throughout.
CHIC AUG.
Wore Donations from Abroad?Bribery
in Citjr Council*
('iiicaoo, December 17.?Tho Countess 1
Cdln.wifo ot Don Fernando, of Lisbon,
'ortugal, herself a native of tho United
Hates, lias sent through Hon. Hamilton
'lab, Hccretary of State, sixty pounds
terling for the benefit of tho Chicago
ulfcrors. A dralt was also received yeacrday
of one thousand noundsfrom Dub*
In, Ireland, to he applied to the same
haritablo purpose. This makes a total of
omo .Ci/HM) from flint city.
There will probably bo a lively time in
lio Chicago Common Council to-morrow
veiling, na tho charges of demanding and
ccciving bribes will bo b/ought in
gainst several members, nnd an invest!ation
demanded.
The cattle market has been dull nnd
rooping throughout tho week.
About 3 o'clock this afternoon a boiler
i tho glue factory of Wahl Hros., on
kmth IJranch river, near Archer Avennn.
lew tip. Two men, J. It. Carpontcr ami
'harles Bcckcr, fireman, who wcro passng
through the room at the time, were 1
wtantly killed, tlio former was scalded
y the steam until his flesh was cooked,
rhile the lnttcrs head was blown to frag- t
lenta. Both leave wives and children. 1
twiis an upright boiler and almost new,
atlng been used only about ten days.
'ho end was carried perpendicularly l
hrougli the fool and then diagonally
lirough the air for a distance of 150 tcct. t
lo satisfactoryexplanation Isgivcnof the
cciilent, but Is supposed to have resulted
rom a too low stage ol water. Damage
r) building shout f 2,500.
This afternoon (Jarl Machnrt, a victim
ftlie fire, residing nt Ho. 2110 Ilrowii
treot, committal suicide by blowing his
rains out with a pistol. ust before coming
the deed he wrote a letter filled with
under references to his mother, wifo and f
hlldren, saying that he could find nothing
i do since the fire and was tired ol life. r
le expressed tho hope that his wife would 8
ot do as ho did, but educate the children t
nd raise them to be good Christians. As j
is wife bus been an invalid since the fire t
Ills act is remarkable for cowardice, but
lie poor wilo Is now a raving maniac,
learing the report of a pistol she got out
flier bed and went into the room where
er husband was. The shocking Right
m too much for her weak nerves and all
2nson forsook her.
r
Distinguished Trnvellnn Party of
New Vorker*.
CindAoo, December 10.?Hon. Marshall
>'Roberts and party, consisting of Mr.
nd Mrs Rohers, Mr. and Mrs. Amos Van
Vert, Miss Palmer and (Jen. Hilas Beyinur,
consulting engineer of New York,
rrived here last evening In a special car
irntsficd by tlio L. B. M. B. Railroad
Company. Mr. Roberts and party leave,
n Monday morning for Louisville, and
licncc return to New York byway of
Cincinnati and Cleveland.
The Wool Crop.
Wabittnoton, December 17.?The wool
rop of the United Htates for the year
nding.Tuno 1,1870, according to theccnus
returns, amounted to 101,284,07m
ounds, inclnding 47,020,017 from the
lortnwcfltcrn states.
The (Jenem Conformre. I
New York, December in ?A dispatch
rnm (lenevn ?wys tlmt the Alabama nrbi-
rotors assembled in tlmt rity yeslerdny.
Phd British Anisrirfin eases were present- fl
tl, and, without argument, an adjournnent
took plsee until April.
?A private letter from Han Domingo fl
ny* the two years' lease of the Hay of I
inmana hatim* expired, the II. S. flag
in* lieen hanleu down.
NEW YORK C1TV.
war on kiuk t1uevb&
Nkw Yohk, December 10.?It iastaUn]
that a powerful combination of the Erii
stockholder* has been lormed to ouai
Fi.sk, Tweed anil (ioulil from the manage
incut.
tub hkl'kntant uakvhy.
Neither Mrs. Garvey or Mr. O'Connoi
admit or deny the truth of the re|>ort thai
Oarvey is ready to mako a conleasion ol
the ring fraud*.
kkduction ok comnom.y'g hail.
.Judge Learned, of the Supremo Court,
at Albany, iit his opinion rendered yesterday,
decided to reduce the bail of exComptroller
Connolly to live hundred
thousand dollars. Connolly's Irieuds expect
to be able to raise thin amount forth*
with.
IIKAVY STIIKBT IIOIUIKHY.
Richard M. Watchford, No. 21) Nassau
street, was robbed in the street yesterday
afternoon or fifty thousand dollars in
bonds.
The Fisk-Mansfield caso 1ms been postponed
on account of the sickness of Miss
Mansfield.
The statement of the Receiver of the
Eighth National Hank shows it assets to
be $1,000,000, against $70,000 liabilities.
It is stated that the postponement of the
lihfl suit of Miss Mansfield against Fisk,
which was granted to-day at the Yorkville
Court for three weeks on account of
the illness of Miss Mansfield, is probably
the last oft ho case.
Connolly is sick and confined to his
bed at the Ludlow street jail, lie complains
ol affection of the kidneys, which
his friends say ho has been n I Meted with
lor several yours post, ami which has been
brought on again by his confinement in
the lock up without exercise.
It Is stated that Fisk has paid Miss
Mansfield $15,000 for tho settlement of
her libel suit against him.
The Internationalists this evening iqado
arrangements for their parade to morrow.
At Stephen's ltoman Catholic Church
to-day Kev. Dr. McFlynn denounced tho
reading of tho Hiblo in tho public schools,
and declared it contrary to tho Constitution
of tho United Htates.
The statement that Tweed is to ho arrested
on each indictment found against
him is confirmed.
Tho JYibune says tho bailing of Tweed
on tho criminul charge dont prevent his
early committal to jail, as the extension
of time for Justification by his bondsmen
in the civil suit is rapidly coining to n
close, and if tlioy cannot satisfy tho court
Tweed will have to go to Ludlow Jail.
Kuilrund Collision in Indiana*
Cincinnati, Dec. 10.?A collision of
two freight trains occurred-ontho Indina-1
polis, Cincinnati Lafavctto Railroad,
about 11 o'clock Friday night, near Lawrenceburg,
Ind., in which ono of tho engineers
was fatally injured and a number of
cars wreckcd. A inisplaeod switch was
the causo of tho accident.
on tho Indinapolis, Cincinnati Lafayette
Kail road, at Harmon's Htalion, near
LaVreuccburg early Friday morning, was
caused l?y a freight train passing out
leaving the nwitcli open and another train
landing on the track, with which tho
lliird train collided. Both engines were
wrecked. Engineer .1. \V. Midden baa
lied since the accident. No other person
Injured.
NAN FltANCIHCO.
AltltKSTKI> HOH PIRACY.
Ban Fhancisco, December 10.?Don
Manflel C'obas, a citizen or Ecuador, and
Manuel Chaverro, collector of customs at
he Alex lean |?ort of Lanase, who arrived
lere Thursday 011 the Constitution, were
irrested on a warrant charging them with
liracy in seizing tho American schooner
Jinn Orecnwood, for tho alleged violation
>f law at Jlaj?dalina, on October 28th.
rho Lower California Company appears
o bo tho principal mover in tho proaecuion.
Kichard Wheat, a tobacconist, of Oak*
and, has filed a petition ol insolvency,
labilities $57,000, mainly duo a bouse at
jynchbnrg, Va.
NOIJTII CAROLINA.
[tenort of Invcrttffntinr Committee?
Mlnlc Defrauded of *0,31 1,000.
Nrw Yoiik, Dec. 17.?A report was
iresented to the South Carolina 1 louse of i
tepresentatives lost Thursday, by the 1
Jommitteo of Investigation, Leaded by
3. C. Hawcrto, to the effect tlmt tho State
ind been defrauded by an over issue of
1114,000, and recommended tho House
o take necessary steps to hold aeeonnta)lo
those persons who have violated 'the i
aw, nnd ruined the credit of tho State.
The Weather To-Dny.
Wab Dipartnirt, f
OrrtcR of mi Cnur Bioral Oworr, V
waprimotor, d. 0., Dcc. 17-7:30 p. 1
puou\nn,iTiRfl.
An area of low barometer, with rain or
mow, will probably advance from Texas
iorthwestward, and cloudy weather will
:ontinuo very generally east of the Misliasipni.
Tlie barometer dleturbances on
he Pacific coaBt will probably develop
nto extended and dangerous winds?not
mticipated this evening.
Death of nn Illinois Senator.
HrniNOFiRi.i), Iija, December 17.?
Ion. John 8. Lyncher, Senator from the
Eighth District, died at tho Hevere House,
n this cltv, this evening, of pneumonia,
ifler an illness of eight uays. His death
las been expected for the past two days,
ind his family were with him. Mr.
jvneher had served one term in tho IIouso
>f Representatives, and was in his second
erm as Senator. Ho was also a member
>f the Constitutional Convention. Ho i
vim flflv venrs nf nom. Ilia rnm-ilm will 1
)c sent Id Danville to-morrow.
ueonotA.
Atlanta, December 17.?Hov. ('only
retneri the appropriation to pay the internt
on tlio gold bonds.
The Ktl'Klnxiflta wm diflclmrRi-d tolny,
except two from Dfule eotinty.
Savannah, December lft.?Collector
Uoiib, wit? honorably Acquitted.
[>lnn*nnt Wrnther on tho "Tbermnl
Line*"
Milwaukee, December 10.?A (lismtch
from Fargo, Minn., on the Northern
'aciflc road, nays the worst utorni tlmt
ma ever witneiwed 1ms l>ccn prnvmlinjr
in'-o ten o'clock lant ni<rbt. It hM l?ccn
nnwlnft nml Mowing iurioiuljr.
Ship New".
IjOsixin, Dertmbcr 10.?'Til# atonmihipa
Alerrin, Ilrittnnin, nml Weatphftlia
mvo arrived out.
Nr.w York, December 17?Arrived?
flic steamer Wyoming from Liverpool.
CINCINNATI.
t'lNCNN.vn, December 17.?At the an.
nunl meeting of tho Hoard of Directors of
Long View Insane Asylum, yesterday, a
resolution was adopted asking the county
commissioners to erect an additional
building tor the relief of the over crowded
condition of the present editico. It
was stated by Bupt. Webb that it was
now necessary to make luo bods on the
lioor; that in case of contagious disease
I it would ho impossible to provide
separate accommodations for the sick.
They also instruct tho President to request
the Gcueral Assembly to transfer
1 as many patients as can be committed to
the other asylums ol tho State. Whole
number of patients at tho close of Ibu
iiscui year were 070, or wnicn nu were
cured anil discharged during tho year.
The testimony for the State in the McUeeluin
ease, for the murder ot Myers,
commcnced at Dayton on {Saturday, the
State being itermilled to oirer some important
testimony excluded in the trial at
Lebanon.
A passenger who reached here on a
delayed truin on the Pan Handle railroad,
states that a collision occurred between
two freight trains, Friday evening, twenty
miles below Stcubenville, smashing
both engines, killing one mjm, and injured
an engineer so badly it was feared he
would die.
Oiniiliu Made the Terminus of the If.
V. It. It.
Nkw Youk, December 10.?The Eieculivo
Committee of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, ut a meeting in this
city to day, in consideration oi certain
Douglass county Uouds and deoot grounds
at Omaha, on the 1st day ot January by
that city, resolved to make that place the
actual terminus of the L'niou Pacilic railroad.
The Com Crop.
i\ iy i\,w. 1/1 mi.?
rlcultural bureau Hays the urea in corn has
been greater in 1871 than in any former
year.
Dnngeroti* lllueiK1 of Nr. He ward*
Nitw Youk, Dec. 1(1?The Auburn papers
state thai the Hon. Win. II. He ward
is very low from Paralysis.
The Cotton drop.
Washington, Dec. 10.?Returns received
here indicate thai the cotton crop
will yield three and one-third millions of
bales. _
MINOR TELEGRAMS.
?Caleb Gushing is slill in Washington,
and dont expect to go to (leneva tor some
months.
?Many Congressmen will leavo Washington
Wednesday for homo to spend the
holidays. A quorum is not expected on
Thursday. All the important matters in
consideration of the tariff, and the question
ol'Cnba included, will go over till niter
the recess.
?onicial ad via s are that (lortschakoll
has ordered Cataca/.y, to leave America
iiiior accompanying tlio urund Duke as
I'aras St. Louis, and tlio legation to Ira
placed In charge of Haron llou/., as Its
Secretary, until the arrival of tho Charge
(lc Allairs, who leaves at once.
|?Agents of thu International Society
report tlii French army composed of Republicans
and Imperialists anil the latter
much tlio strongest in number.
?The English Home Secretary Is likely
to request Parliament to give him authority
to expel Carl Mars Irom the United
Kingdom. Marx's residence has been
placed under the watch of the police.
?A man nameit 'Justice, while
intoxicated, was killed by a train on the
Iron Hallroad, near Irouton, Ohio, Friday
evening.
?Colonel LnwTrencc, ol Elgin, Illinois,
who jumped from tho window ol thu
American House at Huston, on Friday, in
a lit ol insanity, died on Saturday mornlug
UALE OF VALUABLE HEAL EH
In the matter of Richard Porter and Richard J.
Porter, partners ax R. Porter A Co., Bankrupt*.
In Bankruptcy.
The undersigned, Robert P. Htoll, assignee In
Bankruptcy or said Bankrupts, In pursuance or
I decree mad?' and entered by the District Court
iif the United Btatrs for the District of West Virginia,
November 1Mb, 1K7I, In the aboveentltlod
cause, hereby gives notice that h?i will, on
THURSDAY, December 98th, 1871,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m., offer for sale at
public auction at the front door of the Conrt
Route of Ohio county, Went Virginia, the following
desirable and valuable real estate, to-wlt:
I/>t No Wi on tbo east sldo of Market atreet, botween
Jellrraon and Adams street*, In the city
uf Wheeling and Btato of West Virginia; Lot
No. 14 In aqnare No. IS, between Monroe and
putney streets on the westsldo of 6th street in
aald city ami Btato (the fruit House); also thn
east halfof the north enst(|uarter of section elovcn
(tl) and the north west quarter of the north west
iiuarter of icctlon twelve (II) In townnhip fid o!
rango 18 In Putnnm comity, Missouri,containing'
120 acres more or less; also the undivided nineteen-twentieth
(19-20) or the sontb one third
IS) part of lot No. 73, situated on the north went
corner of Market and Jefferson street* In thooity
i?f Wheeling and State of Weft Virginia, said
thlr(?part fronting on Market street twenty>two
(22) feet more or ieM, and running back the same
width to a private alley or rccois.
The terms of sale will lie unc-thlrd of the pur
Chase money for any of aald property cash In
hand, and the balance payable In two equal In
Btalment* In si x and twelve months from the day
r?f sale, with Interest froineaid day, the porchaa
era giving their negotiable notes with personal
security satisfactory to said assignee for Mid de
ferred payments, and the assignee retaining the
tltlo until the payment of the whole of the our
chitso money; tint any purchaser shall he at liberty
to pay the whole of hi* purchase money In
cash or pay bis notes for the deferred payments
or any part thereof before they become duo, thereby
stopping tho Interest on tbe amount so paid.
The title to the undivided one-twentieth (l-2ni
of Mid ponth one-third (4 I of lot No. 78 on thn
corner of Jeflterfon And Market atfoet* la in John
II. Fey moor, a minor about eighteen yearn (d
Bgn, wlio haa igfrcd In writing to conrey said Interest
on Ids arrlrlnc at the age of tw?nty-one
rears, to Iflchard Porter In consideration of
fWl to paid him at the dale of raid agreement,
ind In the further consideration of the promise
:?f Mid Porler to ptr him $133 33 upon thn deliver/
to him, Mid Porter, of a good deed for
laid Interest of Mid John II. Beymoaf< the performance
of Mid contract ol said minor I* secur
fdhjr an agreement In writing of WolcottBey
monr and and Thou. C. Wilson to par Mid Por
ler $100 liquidated damage* should Mid minor
rail to carry out his contract iforettfd; now said
uslgnee, by the order of Mid Court, will ASftiirn
laldagrcenienta to any purchaser from lilm of thn
aid undivided nineteen-twentieth* of said aouth
third of lot No. 73.
Hald lot No. 90 will either he sold as a whole
lot or In different portion*, *s Mid assignee may
ietermltinat paid *ale.
Hild lot No. JI In rqnare 151* now occupied l?y
?tenant whose lease expire* April 1.1*71. and is
ittbemteof $!?00pcrannnm, hnt this |?roperty
Is rery detirablo and would readily rent from
fl.uOU to 11.300 per year.
I'pon lot No. m there are iwo dwellings, ono
if which Is rented at present to a tenant whose
ease eiplrt* April 1, 1871, and whose annual
put I?f200.
All of the prrperty to 1?> offered for *a!e a*
iforeeald I* bHIoTed by *ald aMlRnee tobe frri*
Yum *11 lncnmbranc<*, except the rightof dower
in expectancy of the wife of Richard Porter,
mbjectto which the tile nfore*ald will be made;
t?nt *elllnR a* ***ljpie??, thr Mid Robert P. fltoll
*111 merely warrant specially the title to Mid
property and will convey uny of the name to It*
[>nrcha*er by d<*ed of *i**clal warranty noon the
payment In full of tho iiurrh*<?o money therefor.
KOHKftT P. hTOFX,
A**ljrnee In Bankruptcy i* aforeiald.
dcrlM