Nashville tmoF and American, Friday, December 15, isn
0
Jjm-
f
INSURANCE
STATE
.insurance Co.
I'r Op Nashville,
ffice--30 N0RTH,tC0LLE6E ST.
tMmi AKD Eim BISSS.
M' JOHH LUKSBEN, Preiiieat.
fs- .-iQ;' p. TnnusTON, Vice Prest.
rs P. R. Johjtsox, Secretary.
INSURANCE.
s?i Nashville eMerciai
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OElMtAlollslxod xx 1854.
Office, TSo. 89 North College Street,
NASHVILLE, TENS.
CASH CAPITA!., $100,000.
Takes Fire, River nnd Murine Risks at
Fair Kates; wruesuiremiiy,
Adjusts Fairly, Fiys
Promptly.
J3XRBOTORS:
B. a MoNAIRY, R. H. GARDNER,
OIIN KIRKMAN, M. BURNS,
J. E. HILLMAN, .1. H. EWIN.
W. H. EVANS. I- II. LANIEB.
JAMES "WOODS, G.W. CUNNINGHAM,
S. N. MAUJ5Y.
President. Secretary.
marl lyrp
WINDOW SHADES, ETC.
WHOLESALE AMD RET All,
No. 9 Sortla Col I ego Street,
A TBWDOOBS ABOVE CntJBCB, TWO 8TOBT BBICZ,
Invites e pedal attention to hl
Large and Elegant Assortment
OF
WIDOW SHADES MD CORNICE,
F0KTBA.IT ASD PICTURE RUBES,
MAKTLE &TIER MIRRORS,
Afc-o, his UNUSUALLY ATTBACTIVE col
lection of flee
O 2EC 35. O XLSC O S
?in!n aHd Colored Lithographs,
ENGRAVINGS, ETC,
AT FIGURES WHICH DEFY COM
PETITION. Cill and Esamlae. Orders Solicited.
ocSfni splthp
RAILROAD JTIIE TABLE.
Tennessee and Pacific Roll rood.
Two Pally Trains (Sunday excepted.)
1 Leaves Nathvillo at 4:f0 r. K.
Arrives at Lebanon at. .CM r. u.
Le&ves Lebanon at. 7:00 A. x.
Arrives at Nashville ar8:15 A. M.
No. 2 Leaves Lebanon at. 4:00 P. u.
ArriTes at Nashville at6 JS0 r. jf
Leaves Nashville at.. .7:00 A. M.
Arrives at Lebanon at. .9:30 A. M.
Vnnlvrtlln nnd Dccatnr Railroad.
GOING SOUTH Nashville andDecatur trains
leave s tation on South Cherry street at uxo a. m.
and 7:00 r. x. No train Sunday morning.
Accommodation at 3:30 r. sr., (rocs to Colum
bia.) Trains arrive at 430 A. M. and 6:30 P. M.
Accommodation at 9:50 a. it.
Lonl!ivtIIo and NiMhvIlIo Railroad.
LeaTe Station on North Collcgo street, at S:10
A. v., and 230 P. X.
ArriTes at 8:15 A. X. and 4:50 p. X.
The 2:30 r. X. train does not Wop at any point
between NaeXTillo and Gallatin, except Edge
field Junction, and doe not run on Sunday.
Gnllntln Accommodation, Dally.
Leave NashviUe 3:0 r. x.
Arrives at Gallatin 6:45 r. M.
XXficrleld and Kentucky Railroad.
Train on the Edgefield and Kentucky Ballroad
will ran as follows
Mail leaves Nashville 0:00 A. X.
Express leaves Nashville 12:30 r. x.
Mall arrives 6:20 P. M.
Express arrives 8:50 a. m.
St. lonl. Memphis, Nashville and
Chattanooga J rent Central
HiroaRh T.lne.
Chattanooga train leaves. 8:45 A. X. and 7:00 r. M.
arrlves.?:15 r. x. and 3:15 A. M.
acmphls trs In leaves.. ..3:20 A. M. and 2:30 p. M.
arrives. ..5:00 a. x. and 5:00 r. X.
St. Ioato train leaves... .3:20 A. x. and 2:30 r. x.
arrives. .5.00 a. m. ami 6:00 r. M.
ShelbyfiUe train leaves. .3:30 p. x.
arrives. 9:45 A. X.
The 8:43 A. x. and 2:30 r. X. trains do not run
on Sundaya.
The 3:20 A. X. and 7:00 p. x. trains run dally.
Xrfmisville nnd Cincinnati fib or Line
Railroad.
Trains leave and arrh eat Louisville as follows'
LEAVE. AEBIVE.
L. C. L. J unctien. 6:00 A. X.
Cincinnati Mall, except
Sundav. 9:25 p. X.
Southern tart Llnf txcert
S acday. 6:13 a.m. 6:40 p. ji.
Cincinnati Expref. daily.. 3:55 p. X. 12:10 p. x.
Cincinnati Night Exprci-s,
except Sunday. 10:45 P. X. C:25 A. M.
Lexington Mail, except
Sunday 6:03 A. xt6:40 r. x.
Ltxington Express, except
Sunday. 3:30 P. X. 11:10 p. x.
LaGrange"Accommodatlon,
except Sunday 5:03 r. X. 8:03 A. x.
ISew Advertisement.
Arlington, Farrar VTeakley offer Tar
sale L ;cua' mill, in Edgefield. This is a
favorable opportunity for those who aesiro
to engage in the manufacturing business.
yEtna ccal and coke Seo advertisement
of F. II. Eaton, agent, elsevrhere.
A general agent wanted for the American
button hole, ovcr-se.traing and sewing ma
chine. Ilouse, with thirteen rooms, on North
Market street, for rent.
Our well-known citizen, James II. Brant
ley, tho former City Marshal, is a candidate
for Magistrate at the election on the 20th
inst.
A card of thanks to Capt. Stockell and
the Fire Department, from Win. Suther
land Co., appears elsewhere.
C. D. Uenson has an elegant stock of
furs, bats, caps, gentlemen's furnishing
goods, etc.
United States Internal Revenue.
The sum of $2,171.S." was paid into tho
United States Internal Revenue office yes
terday of the above amount.
Freisilt Items.
Ninety car loads of freight, Including five
cf stock, rrere shipped south over tho Nash
'vllle and Chattanooga Road yesterday.
Probate Cimrt.
In this court Mrs. Elianora N. Williams
was appointed and qualified as special ad
ministiatrix upon the estate of II. O. Wil
liams, deceased.
r Pniulnl Accident.
A youiiff man employed in the car works
of the Nashvillo and Chattanooga R'lroad,
in this city, received a painful wound in
his groins yesterday by a board which ac i
dently hit him in that region.
Imlnstrtal Exposition.
The IJoaid of Managers of the Industrial
Exposition will hold a meeting in-night in
the old Rank of Tennessee building at 7
o'clock. Important matters will be dis
cussed, and it is desiml.tbat all should be
present.
Wild Cat Scalp.
A lot of wild cat scalps were ent from
Grimily county yesterday to the Comp
troller, who refused to pay for them, because
the Clerk of the County Court did not cer
tify that the hides had leeii destroyed in
ojien court.
Very Like a Decemljcr Day.
There was a very decided change in the
weather yes! erday. In the carlo morning
the temperature was mild enough to be
pl.-asant, but before noon, cold enough to
pass read ly for the kind of weather com
mon to the winter season. Ry night it was
really cold enough for December.
Wonderful Escape.
Yesterday afternoon the mules attached
to loided dray became frightened on
South Cherry street, opposite tho cemetery,
and one of the wheels passed over a little
boj'sleg- Although heavily loaded, it did
nd vere injury to the youngster, who
jumped tip and. walked away as if nothing
had happened,
ETJSIXESS XeZTCE.
From and after Jan. 1, 1872, the price .of
subscription to our dally editions will be as
follows:
BY MAIL.
Daily, 12 months, in advance. .$10 00
0 6 00
3 2 50
1 100
1 week, 26
DELIVEKED BY CAB BIBBS TS Ttffl CITY
AND EDGEFIELD.
Dally, 12 months .$12 00
C
8
6 00
3 00
u
J U J
1 00
25
lweek ....v
PBINTINO OFFICE DCUVEBY.
Daily, 12 months, lndvance $10 00
6
5 00
3
u J t:
1 week,
Single copies
2 50
I 00
5
5 cents; to dealers i
cants per copy.
This is an advance over tie rates of 1871,
to which wo have been driven by an imper
ative necessity, it having been demonstrated
In our experience that the price heretofore
charged is altogether inadequate to the out
lay and expense incurred In tho publication
of such papers as we Lavo been Issuing from
tho city of Nashville. Assuming that we
will not, injustice, bo expected to publish a
paper at a clear loss to ourselves, ana also
assuming that only a very small proportion
of th public have even tho most re
mote conccDtion of what our ex
penses really are, as compared with
what thev were before tho war, it will be
appropriate to explain that every item for
material and labor is enhanced from one to
two hundred per cent., while some of them
aro increased eight and ten times beyond
what they were in 1858-59 and '6(5. Then
the Nashville publisher paid out per week
less than five hundred dollars, which in
cluded all his expenses, while now the week
ly expense or pubiisning tno union and
American and Republican Banner, each,
will average two thousand dollars, and it is
all cash. The workmen must bo paid as
soon as the work Is done,
Since the year 1871 began, we have, by
doubling our telegraph expenses, increased
the volume of telegraphic report to ten
thousand words daily that is, by incurring
this additional outlay, we have been ad
mitted as members of tho Western Asso
ciated Press, so that now tho people of
Nashville, who read our papers, get the
same telegraphic news received by New
York, Cincinnati, SU Louis, Chicago and
all the leading cities ot tne unuea states,
Wo feel assured that our patrons will
justify ns In advancing the rates of subscrip
tion as above given, since it is absolutely
necessary to sustain the cxpenso of publi
cation. J. O. GBiFFrrn Co.,
Union and American,
Roberts Pubvk,
Republican Banner.
Street Improvements.
Rock is being placed on South Market
street, from Priestly to Broad, and a new
pavement laid from Broad street south on
Markot.
New Revenue Officer Appointed.
John T. Armstrong has been appointed
Assistant Assessor of U. S. Internal Reve
nue for the 3d District of Tennessee, vice
W. T. lloskins removed.
Terpsichore.
Prof. Cleveland gives liis weekly hop for
tho benefit of his pupils, to-night, at Kob
ertson's Hall, on Church street. We learn
that Prof. Cleveland has a largo class learn
ing the art of graceful amusement.
Personal.
Judeo John P. Steele, of Shelbyville:
Col. Wm. W. Barton, of Cannon couuty
J. D. Hodae and family, of Columbia, and
Col. P. Lilly, of Leesville, Ky., are among
the guests at the Commercial Hotel.
Harried at Memphis.
Our well known and highly esteemed
fellow citizen, W. II. Landis, Esq., pas
senger agent of the Nashville and North
western railroad, was married at Memphis
on the 12th inst., to Miss Janctte Hastings,
a beautiful and amiable lady of that city.
Departed.
A dray loaded with fifteen bales of cotton
ran over one of the city hogs Wednesday
afternoon, near the Engine Ilouse on South
Cherry street, from the injuries of which he
died in about three hours, and was removed
yesterday at tho expense of the city.
Slightly Inaccnrate.
The statement that a personal collision
nL.ht before last at a place of public amuse
ment was the residt of a misunderstanding
about a package of prize candy, was not
exactly correct. A package of Robertson
county e-tract of corn was at tho bottom
of tho disturbance.
Ontlawed byn II o.
A tlark hued individual answering to the
double name of Richard Richards, was yes
terday brought before Justice Wilkinson on
tho charge of stealing somebody's hog, and
not being prepared to establish the fact that
the allegation was entirely eironeoui, the
accused was committed to jail in default of
the bond required for future appearance.
Hnjircmo Court,
Only one case was tried in this court yes
terday, tho time having l-on consumed in
eight speeches made by the attorneys en
gaged. From the amount of speaking be
ing done, we aia informed that present indi
cations are that but a comparatively small
amount of tho docket will be disposed of
during this term.
Monthly Examinations.
The montlily examinations at the city
schools commenced yesterday, and continue
to-day. To-day tho primary department
will be examined from 8 A. m until 2 r.
m., during which time the public and those
interested are invited to attend. The classes
have thus far passed satisfactory examina
tions and the grade attained is mucli better
than at this time last year.
The Fire in Edgefield.
The loss from the fire yesterday morning
at the saw mill of Win. Sutherland Co.
will reach fully $3,0u0. A large amount of
valuable lumber was destroyed. It is the
intention of the proprietors to erect imme
diately another dry kiln, to be constructed
of brick, with probably an irop roof. It will
be larger and every way more convenient
thanthe one just destroyed.
A Hint to tho Roys.
Impetuous youths who would announce
tho coming of Christinas by firing off pis
tols in tho streets, will havo to watch the
police closely in order to avoid arrest for
shooting in the corporation, or for tho still
more serious offence of violating the Stato
law against carrying concealed weapons.
Re ye, boys, therefore watehful of tho
watchman.
Had His Ecfr Broken.
A young man by the name of James Ra
ker, while discharging his duty as brakes
man on a freight train of the Northwestern
Ro.id, at Waverly, yesterday, had his leg so
badly shattered by two of tho cars that am
putation will he necessary to save his life.
His sisters, who live in this city, were noti
fied by telegraph to coine to Waverly, and
furnished with a pas3 on tho road by Mr
Wrenne. Nariden Death.
Tlie many friends of Wm. Pritchard will
regret to hear of his death, which occurred
in this city on Wednesday night. Mr.
Pritchard had his faults, but he had a heart
overflowing with kindness for his fellow
maii, and no ono was more devoted to his
friends. He served throughout the war as
a member of company A, Rock City Guards,
and a better soldier was not to be found in
the ranks. He was followed to his last
resting place yesterday evening by many of
his old comrades.
The Markothonsc Question.
A resolution adopted last night by both
branches of the City Council submits the
question as to whether or not the Market
house shall continue, to a vote of thepeoplj.
The election will occur on the 20th inst..
when the legal voters of the city who aro
in favor of continuing the present market
system will placo on their ballots the words
"M irketbouse," and the legal voters in favor
of abolishing tho sysfcun will have on their
ballots the words "No Markethouse." Tho
voice of the people is Ui rule in this as it
should in all matters else.
SrUXICIPAI, AFFAIRS.
Adjourned Sleeting of tho Board of
Aldermen M'hnrfage The Market
house Question ThojCoramon Coun
cil Sustnins the Teto or the Gas Bill
Conventlou Election of Police
Commtss4oncrw
At tha ftllifltfrrtPil mpollntr task niolifc of
tho Board of Aldermen a quorum was pres
ent and President Wilkinson in the cha'r.
STREET CROSSING.
A resolution to autHorizo street crossings
at various points passed.
TO REDUCE WHARFAGE.
An act to reduce the wharfage charged
steamboats coming to this port to three per
cent, per ton passed first reading and was
referred to tho Wharf Committee.
THE MARKETIIOTJSE.
Mayor Morris made a statement lo the
Board touching the importance of some of
cisivo action in regard to the Marketnouse
befoio the 1st of January, as at that time the
stalls aro to be rented or not, as the city
Council may determine. He said the placo
could be suitably roofed and repaired, so as
endure five years longer, and did not think
tne ctiy was at present able to.miuu a new
markethouse The Mayor said that per
sonally he tsa no preference in the ma'ter,
not caring whether the present system was
abolished or not, but simply desired to see
the wishes ot the people prevail in this as
in all affairs of public concern.
Aid. Wilkirjs desired to see a reconsider
ation obtained of tho vote defeating the
bill introduced by himself authorizing that
tne question oi market or no market do
left to a vote of the people.
Aid. Kercheval introduced a resolution to
submit tho market-house question to the
legal voters of the city, to be cast in the
election to be held on the 20th of Decem
ber. The resolution was adopted.
A notification was received desiring the
Board to meet tho Common Council in
convention.
In Convention.
The Board of Aldermen and Common
Council met in Convention to elect for a
term of three years n Police Commissioner
in place of 1 nomas Parks, whose term had
expired Pat Walsh and Thomas Parks
were placed in nomination, and the first
ballot resulted in the election of Mr. Parks,
who received 1U votes, and Mr. Walsh 13
votes. When the result was announced, the
Convention dissolved, and tha Board of Al
dermen repaired to their own chamber.
Board of Aldermen.
The Common Council mot last nicht in
regular session, President Howell presid
ing.
MAYOR MORRIS' MESSAGE.
The message of Mayor Morris vetoing
the bills to elect a City Engineer and erect
gas posts by tne authority ol tne Uas Lorn
mittee was read and filed.
oeficial iu;roRTS.
Reports of departments, the substance of
wiiicn has been hitherto published, were
read ana Hied.-
REPORTS Or COMMITTEES.
Tho report of the Gas Committee against
the use of gas posts as advertising medi
urns, was concurred in.
The Street Committee reported that the
sidewalks needed on South Cherry street
ought to be made as soon as possible, and
that the plank sidewalks should bo removed
at once. Iteport concurred in.
MARKETIIOUSE APPROPRIATION.
The bill to appropriate $20,000 to build a
marKemouso passed tiirec readmgs.
FREE TRADE.
Tho resolution of the Board of Aldermen
repealing the law requiring that market stuff
should be sold only at the Markethouse,
and providing that after the 1st of January
meat, vegetables, etc., may bo sold without
regard to former Markethouse regulations,
was concurred in.
OVER ASSESSMENTS.
Six petitions, asking reductions of assess
ments on real estate, "were referred to the
Finance Committee.
6TREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Tho resolution from the other Board, 1
auttiorizmg street crossings, was, on motion-
ot LOuncilman Edwards, laid on the table.
SUBMITTED TO THE PEOPLE.
The resolution of the Board of Aldermen
to leave the Markethouse question to a vote
of the people, to be cist on the 20th inst.,
was concuri ed in. The resolution provides
that tho ballots shall have on them "Market
house," or "No Markethouse."
THE OAS tost bill.
President Howell moved the passage over
Mayor Morris' veto, of the bill empowering
tLe Gas Committee 'o authorize the erec
tion of lamp posts along all streets through
which main gas pipes are laid. President
nowell spoke at some length in supiwrl of
the bill, taking the ground tha' its provisions
would tend to equalize tho privileges given
by the c!ty, and would not in its ultimate
results cost any more than to have posts
erected by special act3 of the City Coun
sel. Councilman Cotton spoke in opposition
to the position assumed by Presi
dent Howell., contending that the
precedent of giving committees
power to make contracts was dangerous.
The Councilman said that now, as in for
mer administrations, he was decidedly op
posed to this loose way of legislation, which
liad in former times resulted so disastrously
to tho financial condition of the city. He
was for economy in the strictest sense of
the word, and hoped that not ono dollar
more than was absolutely necessary would
be expended.
Mayor Morris addressed the Council,
stating with emphatic distinctness the rea
sons and causes actuating him in vetoing
the bill. He was and would remain op
posed to vesting committees with any such
extraordinary power.
The vote being taken on the question to
pass tho bill over the veto, resulted in 11 for
for and 7 against. A two-third vote was
necessary to sustain tho motion, and it
therefore failed.
Council adjourned.
AVrlt or Habeas Corpns.
It was a few days since gently intimated
that certain circumstances of recent occur
rence had raised a slight suspicion damag
ing to tho reputation of an individual named
Barney Lubin. It was in fact directly
charged that Lubin had been stealing the
clothing of another party. The matter un
derwent a judicial investigation, which re
sulted in the acquittal of the accused. He
was yesterday again arrested on the charge
of larceny, and applied to Judge Guild, of
the Law Court, for release on a writ of ha
beas corpus. Hearing was had oh the ap
plication jesterday afternoon, but the Court
still has the case under advisement. The
accused gave bond for daily appearance.
Hymeneal.
One ef the events of the season in our
neighboring town of Franklin was the wed
ding that occurred at the Presbyterian
Church in that place on Wednesday night,
the 13th inst. Ths parties to this festive
matrimonial affair were Robert N. Richard
son and Miss Marienne Sims, and tho at
tendants upon bride and bridegroom were
P. G. Wlnstead and Miss Annie Sims, H.
P. Figures and Miss Ada Mosely, R. A. Bai
ley and Miss Martin, J. F. Green and Miss
Martin, J. L. Ilouse and Miss Alice Mc-Ewen,-
Wm. nouso and Miss Jennie
McEwen, H. H. Cook and Miss Mary
Black, J. I). Park and Miss Mayberry, Hon.
W. B. Gordon and Miss Hightower, J. n.
Fussell and Miss McEwen. The Rev. Dr.
Rice officiated at the ceremonies. For the
happy iair so well mated, wo wish a never
ending continuance, of the more happy life
so auspiciously begun with
"Naught but smiles around them beaming,
Joy not alno in seeming,
Hut unalloyed
Died.
Win. II. Calhoun, Jr., died yesterday
morning at 1 J o'clock, of congestion of the
brain, aged twenty-seven years. The fune
ral services will take place to-day from
Christ Church at 2J p. m. The friends of
the family are invited to attend.
The deceased was the eldest son of ono of
the oldest and most highly esteemed of
Nashville's ante bellum citizens. For more
rtban a quarter of a century the name of
Wm. II. Calhoun has been among tho first
of our business houses. The junior of the
name is now departed with ail the regrets
which surround a family of merit and of
long standing in our community. Words
are futile in an effort to describe the laments
of a wholo comrauuity at this unexpected
blow; they are more than futile in an at
tempt to speak of the more than irreparable
los3 in this bereavement to the mother, sis
ter and brother of the deceased.
Vliy khould man's high aspiring mind
Burn In him with n proud a breath
When all his lofty visv, s can lind
In this world, yield to death
Fond son, doting brother, fare thee well,
nntil the lapse of time shall bid us all .meet
ajain, and forever, on eternltj'i shore.
CHAMPION PUGILISTS
Their Arrival In this City.
Amone tho distininits'ied'arrivnls at the
Battle House yesterday were the celebrated
pugilists, Air. JSUwara O'Baldwin ana inos.
Kelly. Having heard much and read more
concerning these champion prlfo Bghters,
we called on tho gentlemen at their rooms,
and were recsived' klndlv. Knowine the
objdet of tho visit, Mr. Kelly excused him-
sell so as to give an opportunity for a few a
tele with
EDWARD O'BALDWTN,
who in a pleasaDt manner furnished the
following interesting facts in relation to his
history and
tbb rlttSclPAt, prize fights
in which ho" has rendered himself conspicu
ous in tho eye3 of the sporting world.
Mr. O'Baldwin was born in Waterford,
Ireland, in the year 1840, and is now thirty
ono years of age. He weigb3 two hundred
and thirty pounds, stwida six. feet six Inches
without shoes-, i3 finely moulded and well
proportioned, measures forty-four inches
around the waist, wears a moustache, that is
of the same color as his hair, which is black.
Standing erect he is a fine model of a man,
and is well developed in his muscles, being
una ana solid. His trainer was the ceie
bratedNat Lanaham, the only man who
ever whipped Tom Sayers of England
Ho commenced training when
twenty-one years or age, and before he had
worn tho glove a year, was challenged for a
ficht bv Andrew Maresden. of Nottingham.
England, who at that time was the cham
pion pugilist of England. Tho fight took
place at London, in 18(53, and O'Baldwin
was defeated in threo rounds. His next
fliiht w as in tha fall of 18S4. with Georrra
lies, of Bristol for .200, and was won by
O'lMldwIn in iifty-seven minutes, in which
ten rounds were fought. Andrew Mares
den then challenged him, in 1S05, to fight
for 200, which, being accepted, took place
halt way between London and Aottingiiam,
the place selected by Maresdeu, who was
thrashed !h sixteen minutes and cloven
rounds. In 1S60, O'Baldwin challenged
Jim Maco for a fight in London, the
home circuit, the contest being for
400 pounds and tho "Belt of Enaland.
This fight was prevented by tho treachery
of his trainer Nat. Langham, who after
securing tne stakes, sent uTUaldwlu to an
obscure station on tho railroad and there
deserted him, alleging as the cause that the
detectives were in pursuit. In 1807 Mace,
the champion of England, challenged O'-
uaiuwm ior a ngnt at tne nme circuit,
the contest being for 400 pounds and the
"Belt of England." Fearing the result
Mace had himself arrested by the London
police on Monday at 10 o'clock, and thereby
prevented the tistit which was set for Tues
day evening. This fact Mr. O'Baldwin is
able to prove and knows it was done in ac
cordance frith the wishes of Maco to avoid
a contest of pucilistic strength.
FindingthatMace was bound overto keep
the peace, O'Baldwin offered to pay his ex
penses anywhere out of England if ho would
light him. This offer was refused by Mace,
who stated his reasons to be that lie could
not figlit any of her Majety's subjects Iu
any place, and no matter where he went he
was still one of Her Majesty s subjects, and
being bound over to keep the peace, cou'd
not violate his bond. Seeing there was no
chance for a fiaht in England, O'Baldw
left for America, and arrived in New York
Dec. 10, 1807. He immediately challenged
Mace, offering him $500 to pay his expenses
to America, and naming the stakes,
at $5,000 which was not accepted. He
then challenged any 'man in America, or the
world, to fight him for $5,000, wlijch was
accepted by no one until,after the ex-champion
of England, Joe Wormald, came over
in the fall of -C8,but could raise only S1.000
a side. The time selected was about the
23d of November, at Linficld, Massachu
setts, fifteen miles from Boston. After the
first round they were arrMted and put under
$5,000 bonds to keep the peace and appear
in court to answer charges preferred by the
State. The referee ordered another time
and place for the fight, but Wormald not
coming to time, the stake was declared for
feited, and nccording to the rules of the
ring, O'Baldwin re.'eived the money.
Wormald, after being released on bail,
went to Canada and died at Quebec.
O'Baldwin was tried and sentenced to
eighteen months' imprisonment at Law
rence, Massachusetts. Members of the
Legislature, and the counsel and Commit
tee of Pardons signed a petition for his re
lease, but Gov. Clatlin refused to grant it,
offering in lieu a conditional pardon, which
was tiiat he would leave the State within
twenty-four hours. This O'Baldwin re
fused to aceepi, preferring captivity to
abridged privileges. He thinks it but a
mockery of justice that a person who only
tries his muscle should be imprisoned, when
crime and criminals of a dark and loath
some character .arc permitted to have the
benefits of mercy.
He does nottldnk it a crime to Indulge in
prize fighting, because no pugilist is actu
ated by malicious motives or lights through
feljnious intentions. They are as friendly
as lawyers who try cases and are not "at
outs" with each other, even in the ring.
They do it for amusement and for money,
neither of wliich are criminal or deserve
punishment. While in prison Mace and
Allen were clamorous to figlit him, because
it was impossible. Since his release last
May he has cliallenged Mace or any one
else to fight him for $5,000 a side, and has
deposited $000 as a forfeiture with the
Clipper office in New York city. No one
has accepted the challenge, and he only
wants to have one good first-class fight and
then retire from the ring.
O'Baldwin is of dark complexion, and
was it not for his unusual size, one would
never take him to be the man he lias been
represented to be. He is quite polite, a
man of information, obliging and liberal in
the extreme.
Mr. O'Baldwin is accompanied by Mr.
Thos. Kelly, who is also a "smart chunk of a
man,' and has a good record as a prize
lighter! He is smaller than O'Baldwiu, is
one of the toughest men to run against any
where, and presents a fine appearance. We
had intended giving in this connection a
summary of his adventures as a pugilist,
but having been prevented, must
defer it until some future time. These two.
muscular gentlemen will remain in our city
until Monday, and during that time will
afford those of our citizens who are desirous
of learning something about the amuse
ments of the ring an opportunity of wit
nessing a little '-sparring" of an unusual,
and, witli some people, of a very entertain
ing character.
Festive Dead Beats.
Two flashy and impudent adventurers
from the East lately honored the Gait House
at Louisville with their benign presence,
remaining for seffal d;vys, ana quietly de
parting without tho ordinary civility of a fin
ancial conference with the clever gentleman
at the counter of the hotel. Their names
were registered as James Wood and JamesJ
Kendall, and tlieir baggage consisted ot a
valise and two pasteboard boxes, filled with
shirt collars and soiled linen. After quitting
tho Gait, they went to the Louisville Hotel,
where they registered as Eirl and Spangler,
and where, as at the Gait, they ate, drank,
and smoked liko princes, with the
trifling exception that they paid nary cent
for the refreshments furnished them. They
were very lavish in their- orders for wine,
cigars, etc., saying, "Put these things in our
bill," but never oncn demonstrating a dis
position to liquidate. Finally suspicion
was aroused that these princely fellows were
nothing buj impecunious dead beats, and
they were arrested as imposters and taken
to jail, where an examination of their pa
pers disclosed their true character, showing
that they had been traveling through Indi
ana and Ohio, and were on their way down
South, depending on talent, instead of cash,
to defray their expenses. Among their pa
pers was an Adams Express Company re
ceipt for a valise, valued at $50, sent to J.
Lees, Nashville, and some interesting docu
ments demonstrative of their true character.
Internal Revenue Items.
Judge Emory and Maj. W. A. Gavett,
of the United States Internal Revenue De
partment, returned yesterday from a trip
South, where they went to take charge of
the Supervisor's office of Alabama and
Mississippi wliich have been consolidated
with that of Tennessee. The consolidation
removes Supervisor Stanford, whose office
at Montgomery, Ala., is discontinued and
Nashville will be the headquarters of the.
department. Jud.o Emory and Maj. i
Gavett make a good report or the manner
in which the various offices of the depart
ment, all of which they visited, were being
conducted. The officers and dealers com
plain of much illicit whisky from Tennes
see, and tobacco from Southwestern Ken
tucky and West Tennessee, is being carried
over into Alabama and being sold. Vigor
ous efforts will bo made by the local officer
to suppress this Illicit traffic.
THE WHARTON TEIAL.
Annapolis. Dec. 14. In the Wharton
case to-day, Harry W. Snowden testified
that he was called to luo house or .airs.
Wharton Juno 28, to nurse Ketchmm. He
described the symptom or the Ueneral, ana
then said that shortly after 1:30 o'clock Mi s.
W. stated to Mrr, Hutton that she had.pi
pared the General's medicine, and at Mrs.
Wharton's request the witness adminis
tered tho doso.
Dr. Williams was hero called to. the staad
and prepared a uostj iT ycliow jessamine,
such as lie prescribed tor Ketchum.
Tho witness resumed and stated that the
medicine as now prepared by Dr. Williams
did not have the same appearance as the
dose prepared by Mrs'. Wharton and ad
ministered by hinl to Ketchum, which had
a thick cloudy, lead colored appearance,
whereas the preparation now before him
was clear and transparent. Forty additional
drop3 were added to tho preparation and it
was still unlike that given to Ketchum.
On cross examination witness stated ho
had placed tartar emetic in a tumbler with
the jessamine and water and it did not pro
duce tho color he observed in the dose
administered by him to Ketchum. The
witness said laudanum also placed in a
tumbler With tartar emetic and Jessamine
and that mixture produced a brown color
which in somo liquids havo appeared gray
orieaa color.
Eugene YanNess testified that he resides
in Baitamorc; has resiuea .there lo years
has known Mrs. Wharton nine years, was
at her house about the 24th of June while
Gon. Ketchum was there.
Mr. Syesler: Do not answer the question
I am about to ask you until you have heard
from the court. I wish you to state to the
jury how you came to be at Mrs. Wharton's
house on that day, and If well or sick, and
describe ydur feelings and symptoms fully,
and how you happened to be taken ill
there.
The defense objected and a lengthy argu
ment ensued.
Nashville Opera House.
lhc admirers or the young and accom
plished artiste, Miss Katie Putnam, were
out again in force last evening, the diess
circle presenting an array ol dazzling beau
ty pleasant to witness. The audience on
this occasion Were favored with the ever at
tractive drama of the "Child of the Red-
ment," and In her rendition of Josephine
we had an opportunity of witnessing an
other in the catalogue of her characrers that
was represented m the most artisticmanner.
During the piece Miss Putnatn favored
the audience with the soul-stirring melody
"Salut a la France," in the most acceptable
manner, and afterward sang the famous
"Rat-a-plan," and then arain with the pa
thetic and admired song of "Ask me not
Why," in winch her ability to lead in the
opera was fully displayed. This latter song
was rendered with great effect, and the
highly cultivated voice and acting combined
made it the feature in this well-known
operatic drama. When the curtain fell
upon the last act, the encore which followed
showed conclusively that the Child of the
Regiment had been "adopted" by that
audience.
Miss Putnam Is admirably sustained by
her company, led by the invincible Mr.
Browne, and the engagement so far has
been very successful to the management,
and gratifying to all who have attended.
To-night Is set apart for the benefit of
Miss Putnam, when will be presented
Diifcens' Curiosity Shop, a play in which
the fair beneficiary has made more reputa
tion than in any other belonging to her,
role.
Afraid to Trust Uncle Sam.
A few days ago a United States Marshal
undertook to arrest a colored man at some
point, we are not informed where, between
Artesia and Corinth, Mississippi, but was
resisted by a mob, who also fired upon him
inflicting a serious wound. A day or two
after the occurrence the Deputy Marshal
with the assistance of a squad of Federal
soldiers visited the neighborhood and ar
rested fifteen colored persons and three
white men for participat ing in the resistan e.
The prisoners were escorted to Artesia and
then placed in a car for shipment to Oxford.
The conductor of the train who went "by
orders," refused to transport the Marshal
and his prisoners until their fare was paid,
and threatened to put them off the train.
After much discussion the Conductor com
promised the matter by taking a receipt
from the Marshal, stating tliat the prisoners
had been transported over the road. "Verily,
Uncle Sam is not deemed a very responsi
ble party by s5me of our railroad men.
Complaint nalnst Oar PoMofOce.
A communication in the Murfreesboro
Monitor of yesterday makes a somewhat
serious intimation imputing carelessness or
something worse to the Nashville postoffice.
The Monitor says the complaint comes
from a responsible party. If the allegatien
is untru6, we hope Postmaster Prosser can
make that fact appear. If true, the matter
should at once be remedied by the proper
authorities. The Moniiofs communication
is in the following words
Why is it that letters containing money
do not reach their address through the
Nashville postoffice? It is well known that
several citizens have sent letters to Nash
ville of late, inclosjng money and money
orders, which failed to reach their destina
tion. Nor are such letters returned from
the dead letter office, clearly establishing
the fact that there is something wrong, as
the mail from this place for Nashville, is
is made up in a separate locked bag, and
cannot, or at least should not be
opened only in that office after leaving
this. Whose fault is this "breach of trust
We would like to know, and have a right
to know. Inquirer.
Chnnjro of Location.
Jessie Taylor, Collector for the Gth Dis
trict of Tennessee, will remove Ids office
from Columbia to Clarksville by the 20th
of this month. The Assessor's office under
Major Dickerson will remain at Columbia.
STATE OF THE WEATHER.
TtUgraphic Ittportfrom Signal Service Carpi, 17.
S. A., ef Obiercationt at 4 o'clock, P. M.
State of
Placo of Obser- -g. 5 8 0 E
tlon. -55: J 2 -5
S ri o
Augusta, Ga.... 30.05 45'NE 1
Baltimore, 30.20 32 N W 8
BoMon. 20.90 26 N W 6
B.a'alo 30.05 23'NVT 4
Cairo 30.31 33 N E 2
Charleston. 30.03 38iCalm 0
Chicago 30.29 25 N W 2
Cincinnati. 30 31 33NE 6
Davenport.. 30.34 21 Calm 0
Galveston. 30.15 51 N 12
Indianapolis 30.24 29 Calm 0
Key West, Fla.. 29.91 77, E 41
Leavenworth.... 30.42 31 N 2
Louisville 30.24 321 N E 6
Memphis 30.12 35.N 16
Mobile, Ala, 30.0C 49N E 3
Nashville, 30.19 36N 2
New Orleans 29.95 57 ,N 10
New York. 30.10 30 W 17
Norfolk. 30.14 36' N E 4
Omaha 30.20 29 S "VV 2
Pittsburg 29.32 23, N 3
Portland, Me.... 29.86 21'Oulm 0
PuntaEassa 29.90 72'S TV 17
Savannah 30.02 43 N E 2
Shreveport. 30.18 43, N 6
St. Louis 30.28 29 N 5
St- Paul 30.19 24 S VT
Wilmington 30.07 43N 2
Vicksburg 30.16 43iN"Y 12
Jacksonville 29.90 51 N E 8
weather.
Cloudy
Fair
Cloudy
Light r'in
Fair
Fair
Falr
Hazy
Fair
Fair
Fair
Falr
Cloudy
Light r'in
Cloudy
Falr
Clear
Cloudy
Th'gst'm
Cloudy
Lig'tsn'w
.ig'ti
air
Llghtr'in
oiouay
Fair
Cloudy
Cloudy
Fair
Light r'in
War Departmest,
Office of toe Chief Sional Officer,
Washimotos, D. C, Dec. 14, 1871.
Probabilities: Falling barometer and
rain will probably advance on Friday north
eastward along the Atlantic coast; north
westerly winds back to northeast in New
York and New England, and barometer
will fall with increasing southerly winds
from the upper lakes westward; rising ba
rometer with cool northerly winds will ex
tend from Alabama westward; falling ba
rometer and cloudy weather on the Qiregon
coast; dangerous winds not anticipated for
our coasts this evening.
EATEST MARKETS BY TELEGRAPH.
Mobile, Dec. 14. Cotton quiet and
firm; middlings 19c. Net receipts 3,805
bales; exports coastwise M bales; sales low
bales; stock 43,494 bales.
Galveston, Dec 14. Cotton strong;
good ordinary 17Jc. Net receipts 1.535
bales; exports to Great Britain 705 bales;
coastwise 1,200 bales; sales 2,000 bales;
stock 35,215.
Savanab, Dec 14. Cotton irregular
and unsettled; buyers and sellers apart; ten
ency upwards; prices lower; middlings 19
,101c; net receipts 4,579 Bales; esports to
Amsterdam 2,400 bales; coastwise 5;6C5
bales; sales 500 bales; stock 74,392 bales.
Ceableston, Dec. 14. Cotton firm;
middlincs 19Jc Net receipts 1,903 bales;
exports coastwise 30 bales; sales 500 bales
stock 92,302 bales,
COUNTY LLNESi
REXASKS OF JOSEPH CLARK,
In the Senate, Dec. 9, 1871, on tho Con
slderntlon or the Two Bills Vetoed
by the Governor, the Ono to Change
the I.lno between the Counties of
Wilson and DeHnlb, the Other to
Chance the Lino between the Conu
Ues of Jlonroo ami Londan tho Lat
ter beln; under Consideration;
Mr. Speaker: It Is manifest to mo that
this bill ought to pai3, the veto of the Gov
ernor notwithstanding. The objection offered
by the uovemor has no application to the
bill under consideration, or to the one
vetoed with it, wliich has just been passed
upon by this body, which are that the bills
do not provide on their face that the voice
of two-thirds of the voting population
in the detached portions had not been
obtained in favor of such change, which
hi3 Excellency Is pleased to say is a
condition precedent to the passage of this
act.
Now, does the fourth section of article X
of the Constitution, referred to in the veto,
require such expression of the voice of two
thirds? I earnestly Insist it does not. It
uses this language: No part of a county
shall be taken oil' to form a new county or a
part thereof without tlw consent of two
thirds of tho qualified voters in such part
taken on. isut in this connection, not one
word is said about any voice to be obtained
where a line is to be changed between two
existing counties; but when the Constitu
tion in the same section comes to speak of
tne liability ol lractions taken from old
counties lo form new ones, or taken from one
county and added to another, for debts
previously contracted.it expressly names the
fraction taken oil' to form a new county, and
one taken ou by change or line as in the
present cases, clearly showing that if the
frameis of that section have designed tho
requ rement relating to the consent of the
voters to be obtained wncn the detachment
was by taking from one county and ad
ding to another, it would have named it in
both aspects; but this it does not do. But,
suppose the Governor's view was correct,
then even the objections offered do not ap
ply here, and his veto is arbitrary and with
out authority in law. He refers to the case
in 6th Sneed and the one in 0th Hum
phreys in support of his veto. Let us see
what are the questions there determin
ed. In one, the question raised and
determined was that the line of the new
county approached within les3 than twelve
miles of the old county saat; the other was
that the old county was reduced below its
constitutional requirements. No question
was raised in either of those cases about
the consent of the parties detached; so his
Excellency's law and objections don't com
pare well and I stand here in my place to
assert to you that there is no provision in
the present constitution that requires such
thing, except in the formation of a new
county; so the authority cited by the Gov
ernor has been wlKHy misapplied, and af
fords him no excuse for his arbitrary exer
cise of the veto power.
Now, let us see whether or not his Excel
lency really sees the bugger in those two
bills that ho wonld havo you
believe he saw. Sir, bill alter bill of the
very same character lias passed this General
Assembly and received the approval of the
Governor and have been published to the
world by aitthoritv, and aw to-day the law
of the land, not one of which allowed that
this condition precedent (of late discovery)
had been complied with. Sir, it will be re
membered by the Senate that it was but
the other day a bill came from live Ilouse
of Representatives clianging the line be
tween the counties of Wilson and DeKalb,
was passed, receivedthesanctionof the Gov
ernor and became a law and no constitu
tional objection thought of then. New
county after new county has been
established and idl passed, arid not a single
one that I have any recollection of has
failed to get the Governors sanction. But
the Governor says he liad no evidence be
fore him that the two bills vetoed were not
subject to this constitutional objection.
But, sir, if his Excellency had been as kind
to apply to the friends of these bills as he
was to go to their enemies, he might have
learned from the Honorable Senators from
Roane and Monroe, that the bill under con
sideration was free from any constitutional
objection, hut it is said by th Honorable
Senator from Stewart, that the Governor
could not have known that the bill was free
from constitutional objection without a
survey and plat -hen did he have a plat
of all the detached fractions, that
has received his sanction? Not one. Had
the Governor applied to the authorand friend
of the bill just defeated, instead of going
to its enemy as I know he did, he could
have been furnislied with the evidence that
forty-nine of the persons detached from
Wilson and attached to DeKalb, had peti
tioned this General Assembly to be detach
ed, while but three opposed it ne could
have seen the certificate of the Clerk cf the
County Court, showing that the area of
Wilson county is 583J square miles. He
could have seen that Wilson county has a
voting population of 5,332, and he conld
have learned that the proposed line did not
approach the town of Lebanon nearer
than about 23 miles. He could have
learned that it was 20 or 25 miles
for that people to travel to Lebanon
over a rough, rocky and muddy road, while
it is but fifteen to seventeen miles to Smith
ville, and a turnpike over halfway, the bal
ance a smooth barren road yet they are
denied the poor privilege of choice by the
arbitrary veto power. I thank that God
to whom I am to account, that there is a
day of retribution near by, when the power
will be in the bands of that injured people;
when they will be able to hold the scale of
justice, and to mete out even-handed jus
tice. Now, to return to the bill
under consideration: I have the
evidence of two honorable Senators,
given under the solemnity of their
official oaths, shown by their votes for the
bill, that this bill is free from constitutional
objection; yet this is not sufficient to satisfy
the Governor or restrain Ms arbitrary exer
cise of the veto power.
I shall vote for this bill with as clear a
conscience as I liave voted for any bill we
have passed, ths veto of the Governor not
witlis landing.
If the object of the opposcrs of this bill,
or of the bill just disposed of, wnich was
vetoed in the same message, is a strike at
the fhends of the two unfortunate bills,
these gentlemen havo wholly missed then
aim, for I have no interest hi either but to
discharge my official duty, and I take it
that the same applies to others.
I have no interest or purpose of my own
to accomplish. I do not know that I ever
saw, or ever shall see, a single man whom
this change affects. I support the bill be
cause it is right; because it is an act of jus
tice due these people. I support the bill
because an American citizen, who is best
prepared to determine what are their wants,
has the right to express, their desire on this
floor, which these people liave done through
their representatives hero. I support the
bill because I desire to see this body place
the seal of condemnation on this unjust ex
ercise of the most delicate of all execntive
powers, the veto power. I hope tho bill
will pass over the veto.
It was the sense of this body to put
their seal of condemnation on the veto of
the bill just disposed of, and it was not
defeated for want of a majority, but be
cause members withheld their votes. The
majority was for the bill. There were 11 for
It to 8 against it, showing clearly tho sense
of the Senate.
Duck River Valley Railroad.
The commissioners of the Duck River
Valley Railroad met at Columbia on the
12th "inst., and although there was but a
very slim attendance, the commissioners of
Lawrence, Hardin, Wayne and Lewis liav
ing probably not received the call to attend
in time, yet some important matters were
discussed and determined upon. The
meeting was presided over by Hon. Dorsey
B. Thomas, chairman of the Board, who
made some eloquent and impressive re
marks upon the advantages of the road to
Columbia.
Mr. James Andrews, of Columbia, re
signed bis position of Commissioner of
Maury county, and it was resolved to peti
tion the Chancellor to appoint Rev. J. B.
Hamilton in his place.
The terminus of the road was changed
from TuMioma to Fayetteville, with a view
of co-operation with the 3 ft. gauge road
which is projected from St. Louis to At
lanta, a link of which from Johnsonville to
Fayetteville the Duck River Valley raliroad
is to be.
The Executive committee have petitioned
the Chancellor for appointment of Commis
sioners in Marshall and Lincoln counties.
We thus see that this road is gradually es-
aUblishing itself as a plain tangible ptoposi-,
tier for internal development and trans-'portxtion.
City Notices.
Card of Thanks. The undersigned take
this method of returning their sincere thanks
to Capt. Wm. Stockell, Chief of the Fire
Department, and tho members of the De
partment attached to the Engine Co. afM
the Hook and Ladder Co., for the assist
ance' rendered at tho fire which originated
at our establishment in Edgefield yesterday
morning. But for the titnely arrival of
Stockell Engine No. 4, and tho efforts of
the Department, our immenselumber piles,
buildings and machinery- would certainly
have been reduced to ashes. To the citi
zens of Edgefield also who came to our re
lief, we desire to thank them for their ef
forts to save our property.
It Wm. Sutherland Co.
Don't hny old last year's Ftjbs offered at
or below cost, when you can get a nice
new set at C. D. Benson's at a little abovo
cost. It
James IT. Brantley is a candidate for
Magistrate in tho Uity uistnct; election to
take place on the 20th inst. declS td
the largest and most complete stock of
Hats, Caps, and Men's ino Fojriishing
Goods in tho aty. Also, a splendid assort
ment of Gentlemen's Dbkssino Gowns,
Just the thing for a nice Gfcristmas prosent.
It
Loot to Tour ChlldreB. Diarrhea,
Dysentery and Summer Complaint are
cured by Mrs. Whitcomb's Syrup, which is
sold for 25 cents a bottle. See advertise
ment. decl5 dlw&wlt
"Time 1h money," and those who use
the "DOLLAR REWARD SOAF' save
time and make money. Jangermann& Co.,
34 Pub. Sqr., Sole Agents for Nashville. It
Christmas Presents, Chrittmas Pres
ents. Call and see what ono dollar will buy
at the great Dollar Store. Something new
every day.
Oil Paintings, Oil Cromos, Work Boxes
(furnished) Necessaries, Meershaum Pipes,
Walktne Canes, Ladies' ToiletSete, Walnut
Writine Desks, and an endless variety of
other useful and ornamental articles, to sup
ply the wholesale as well as the retail trade,
at one dollar each. ceciu eoau
rositivftly at Cost. Ladies', Misses'
and Children's Furs selling at cost at tho
Trade Palace, 14 Public Square.
decl4 tf John Gilgan Co.
Ladies will please call and examine the
Dew and choice goods now arriving for the
holidays at Geo. R. Calhoun Co.'s, Max
well House corner. deciu tl
Good for 10 days. If yon will buy $10
worth of goods at the Maxwell House Shoo
Store, an extra pair of Slippers will be given
you. decs eodiw
D. P. Perkins having removed his stock
of Boots, Shoes. Trunks, etc, from No. 8
Summer street to No. 93 Church, opposite
First Presbyterian Church, invites the citi
zens of the city and country to examine his
goods before purcliasing elsewhere, as he
keeps the best kinds and offers them at
very low figures. deel4 2t
Beantifnl Goods for Christmas. La
dies' Ties and Cravats, Lace and Embroid
ered Handkerchiefs, Laee Collars, Em
broidered Linen Sets, Misses Handker
chiefs and Linen Sets, and many other nov
elties for Christmas presents just received.
decl4 Ot THOMPSON BROS. B KELLY.
Wanted. A good, active businsss man
with a small capital of, say four or five
thousand dollars, to engage in the best pay
ing business in tne state, none excepted,
Enquire at this office.
Nashville, Dec 12, 7I- D. B. Hicks.
decl3 4t
Geo. It. Calhonn Co. have a new and
select stock of solid Sterling Silverware,
ickcl Silver Tea Setts, and Triple plated
Silverware for Christmas presents. declO tf
Old friends and acquaintances can find C.
A. Thompson with Geo. R. Calhoun Co.
ever ready to wait upon them, deciu tr
The new Colonnade Hotel, Philadelphia,
Pa., is upon the same street, connected by-
cars, with Independence Hall. decO lw
Marriage Gnidc Interesting work,
numerous engravings, 224 pages. Price 50
cents. Address nr. uutts" uispensary, i:
North Eighth street, St. Louis, Mo. See
advertisement. sepl4 d&wly
Royal IlaTana Lottery. $330,000 in
gold drawn every seventeen days. Prizes
cashed and information furnished. The
highest rates paid Ibr doubloons, all kinds of
gold and silver, Spanish bank bills, irovem
ment securities, etc Taylor Co., Bank
ers, No. 16 Wall street, New lork.
myl6 d&wtf
Trunks and Valises cheap for cash at
Wm. Dunstead's Trunk Store, 47 North
Market street. All varieties of Ladies' an d
Gentlemen's Trunks on hand. novl6 tf
A Christmas Gift for your friend, rela
tive or sweetheart nothing more accepta
ble than one of Giers' beautiful colored
Photos or Pearltypes. declO lOt
Boots and Shoes. The very best "Cus
torn Work" of the latest styles for every
one, at prices not to be beat in this or any
city. Full lines of Boots and Shoes of all
sizes and qualities for every purpose of
country life. Goods and prices satisfactory
to all. Call and be suited.
John Ramaoe Son,
nov23 tf 43 College street-
Burnett's Cooking- Extracts are the
best. ap7 lawly fri
Boots and Shoes. Ladies' and Gentle
men's fine custom-made Boots, Shoes and
Gaiters, superior quality, just received and
for sale at low prices, at No. 47 North Col
lege street, next door to Union, east side.
oc21 tf Chas. B. Hall.
River News.
The river is stationary at this point with
19 inches on the Shoals. Weather raw and
cold yesterday.
The steamer Burksville arrived from
Cairo. Her freight consisted of a small lot
of iron and flour. This craft returns to
Cairo to-day at 4 p. M., in charge of the ex
perienced Capt. Carroll, with the accom
plished W. E. Byer in the office. i
The steamer Mary Miller continues stuck
hard and fast, away ont of the channel,
about ono mile from Fort Pillow, sixty
miles above Memphis. She is nearly high
and dry, considerably kinked, and will be
likely to stay where she is until tha next
rise.
We clip the, following items from the
Louisville Ledger of yesterday:
The river is still, and last evening there
was 4 feet water in the canal, and 2 feet in
the chute. At Pittsburg, yesterday, the
river was swelling slowly with 8 feet in the
channel. At Cincinnati the river was stand
ing, with 5 feet 5 inches in tho clianneL
Weather a little colder, and business quiet.
The Basin is Dry. The Champion
has succeeded in pumping out the basin
and will return to Cincinnati the champion
pumper of the Ohio river. The way she can
sling water about is truly astonishing. Her
grand success leads us to conclude if she
could get at Lake Erie right, she conld
pump enough of it into the Ohio to make it
navigable at all seasons.
The St. Louis Republican speaks of the
situation as follows:
The ice still interposes an effectual barrier
to navigation, both above and belove this
port. The ferryboats continue to make
regular trips. The river remains without
change. The weather is moderating. Yes
terday was a lovely day, more like April
than December. The ice can not long re
sist such mild temperature. Navigation
below the junction of the Ohio river is not
very good The stage of all the rivers is
low. Very little activity in shipments of
freight via the river route.
HARRIED.
WAND BUBGE On the evening of the 15th
inst., at the residence of Dr. J. W. Morton, the
bride's father, by Father Doyle, Mr. C A. Wajtd
andIrs. jEsxiKE.BrROE. No cards.
For Cairo, St. Lonls,
'Memphis and New
OrlenniL The tine Passen
ger Steamer BTJBKSV1LLE, W. H. Carroll,
Master, W.E. Bters, Clerk, will leave aa above
on FIUDAT, thaJIUi inst., at 4 o'clock p. x.
For freight ot passage apply on board or to
IXAKEISON SON? C. IS; AttTEDK fir CCV,
Agents. It
WfiSSSf
rmn ran "jm ra&aa
SOS
f w W tig miBE
books
dot 2S, eod 4th p-sp
FURS.
FTJBS! PUH9
GREAT BARGAINS H Fl
FOB
THE NEXT THIRTY DJ
AT
WATTST Ar WAT.TrErDU
sor35tr 24 Public fcqj
PUBUCSALE
JPark Street Propel
FOR SALE AT AT AUCTH
At 11 O'clock a. m., Friday, 13 1
cembor, 1S71-
II IS NEEDLESS TO SAT TO Ti
JL acquainted with this property, thatf orl
vy, cemrauiy, neaiia, elegance or position
building lot is unsurpassed, for the reaci
it is ODDOslte the center of the Canltol hal
Immediately in front of the grand entriri
me piirx, m, iuii view oi tne piaza, at tl
tremhies of which are to ka the elaborate
pared fountains, throwing ui tha crvstal i
reflecting in the snnshin the exquisite rat
ana airing in mil view tne tnrtrog or pir(
seekers perambulating the evcr-varvxd
elaborately decorated serpentine vanes.
Thin site is eminently worthy cf an
mansion, and mast be highly ptlied byt
wanting a pre-emineniiy seieci resucc
fronting 30 feet on Park and running b
summer street.
Halo Positive on the Premise a
Hour Mentioned.
H. O. SCOYEL, Beat Estato A J
Bajutzs, Asetieneer. Cei
COAL.
CHEAP CO All I
HAYING TAKEN AN INTEREST IT
spacious Coal Mines of Kentucky, knl
the St. Bernard Mines, on the Evan
Henderson liailroaa, anu aaving com
dtarositton of said Coal all south of Srr I
Robertson ooontv. Tenn we are dftcraS
furnish Nashville, Edgencld, and the rl
teg country ana towns so cnesp as to p.- -1
tne reacn oi tne poor as wen as tno nco.
We can furnish a superior article and
ant snttDlv.
OTrFICE Corner Union and Cherry Ctrl
Jya; tf 3XADISOX STBATTOa At
OYSTERS, GAME, ETC.
0ISTER, FISH ASD GJ
AND
(Successor to J. H. O'ConneB
Agent for J. C Mnhony t Co.'
b rated Haiti more Oysters,
JSTo. -LOO Cifioroli.
TTEBE'S THE PLACE" FOB,
11 sale and Retail at Louisville prices. J
menta received every day of MahJJij s 1
.n&itimure vysiers, xresu fisn, uame,
Cabbage and Apples, at Wholesila and 1
Orders and patronaze solicited.
v8 a JOHN J. S. HOI
NEWSPAPERS.
rjrui
GREAT
FAMILY PAPEKI
FAMILY PAPEBI
FAMILY PAPEBI
FAMILY PAPEBI
FAMILY PAT EX I
TWELVE PAGES SETENTT-TWO
TJMNSI
TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO
TJMNSt
TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO
UMNSI
TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO
UMNSI
TWELVE PAGES SEVENTY-TWO
UMNSI
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST
XrUS JiESTl
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST
THE BEST!
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST
THE BEST J
THE CHEAPEST, THE LIVELIEST
THE BEST1
THE CHEAPEST. THE LIVELIEST
THE BEST I
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMEBIC
THE "WEEKLY UNION AND AMEBIC!
THE -WEEKLY UNION AND AMEBIC!
THE WEEKLY UNION ASD AMEBIC!
THE WEEKLY UNION AND AMEBIC
Containing the Cream of the News, Edit
Miscellaneous Beading Matter
rPublishedintha
DAILY UNION AND AMERICAN,
I310LCDI2tO
LATEST TELEGRAPH NEWS,
POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE,
COMMEBOIAL and STOCK IIEPOU
LITERARY TOPICS and BEV1E
SELECTED SOCIAL ESSAYS,
PERSONAL GOSSIP, and
INFORMATION FOB PLANT!
TOQXTEiawrnz ths
CHOICEST STORIES,
LIGHT BEADING,
AND POETRY,
raox Tin
CURRENT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC i
RIODICALS.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPT.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
SEND FOR A SPECIMEN COPY.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YKjlJ.
ONLY TWO DOLLARS A YEAR.
ADoaxss,
J. O. GRXTrxrZsT A 00
rrirj-rOlo, Tet
n
4