ALEXANDRIA VA
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER
Relations with Spain?Cuba.?The
usually accurate aud well informed correspon
lieut of the Baltimore Sun, writes as follows
"Official advices received bv the government
indicate that we are involved in no inconsiderable
difficulties with Spain. The Cuban volunteers
there have maltreated Americans and
driven them within a receut period out of Havana.
This government, aware of this, has repeatedly
reprcsentend this condition of affairs
to the authorities at Madrid, but without any
other result than promises of early action,
which were never fulfilled. Yesterday affairs
became so threatening at Havana that the U.
S. consul-general telegraphed that American
citizens and officials needed the immediate protection
of this government. The matter was
brought to the attention of the cabinet yesterday
and an armed fleet of four or five vessels
has been ordered with all possible dispatch to
Havana, to be placed in immediate communicition
with the consul-general. The commanding
officer of the fleet has instructions, as
is learned from au entirely trust-worthy
scource, in case the Cuban volunteers destroy
the life and property of American residents, to
demand immediate apology and reperation,
and if they are refused, to fire the guns of the
fleet on the city of Havana. The gunboat
Nipsic. now at Pensaeola, will leave this evening,
while the Terror, there undergoing repairs,
has been ordered into commission, to be
dispatched at once to Havana also. The Kansas
has beeq ordered from the Brooklyn Navy
Yard to the same destination with all possible
dispatch, while the Severn and Nantasket are
already on their way to Cuban waters. Admiral
Lee, commanding the south Atlantic squadron,
is now in Washington, but was active to-day,
by orders of the government, in dispatching hi?
vessels so as to be ready for any emergency.
Owing to the rigid censorship over the telegraph
at Havana but little is known here of
the immediate events which have compelled
I.., />AnCT,l Miinwil trt onnnal t',ir SKsi(h)npf>
1I ICS lUU^UI-^ViaiUl IV Uj'|>vui JV? uwwvMU.,v.
But the condition of affairs with Spain, arising
out of the Hornet difficult}*, and the treatment
of Americans in Cuba is sufficiently shown hy
the diplomatic correspondence to warrant the
government, in the startling measurers it lias
taken. _________
It is denied that Secretary Boutwell has violated
the law which authorized the payment of
one-half of one per ct. to pay the expenses
connected with the disposing of the new loan.
All agents connected with its negotiation will
receive only so much of the half of oue per ct.
as shall remain after paying for the engraviug
and printing of the bonds, &c. With this deduction,
it is supposed the compensation will
not amount to as much as a quarter ot one per
cent.
Dr. Ewer, an Episcopal Minister in Now
York, who recently left Christ Church in that
city, says that "he intends to run the church
of which he is next to have charge, on moderate
ritualistic principles." He says that he
and the Bishop of New York are iu entire harmony.
He further disowns the name of "Protestant."
Are he and the Bishop of New
York in entire harmony there, too?
In view of the recent hanging of three colored
murderers in Clark county, Indiana, by a
band of masked men, and the promulgation of
a Ku-Kluk notice to quit, to the colored men who
have settled iu that county siucc the close of
the war, Gov. Baker has issued a proclamation
calling upon the local authorities to arrest the
offenders and bring them to trial.
The recent Report of Col. 15. W. Frobel,
Superintendent of Public Works and State
Engineer in Georgia, of which we have already
made mention, is highly spoken of by the papers
of that State, especially that portion of it
which contains his argument in favor of water
communication between the Mississippi river
and the Atlantic Ocean.
A statement compiled in the tonnage division
of the United States Treasury shows that Great
Britain possesses 40$ per ceot. of the international
commerce of the globe. Much of the international
commerce of the European nations
being by inland routes, it would seem probable
that the British commerce by sea is about fifty
per cent. oT the sum total.
The editor of the Baltimore American gives
notice''that as one of the members of the National
Republican Committee,he proposes to introduce
iu that Commiteo a resolution urging
and recommending the Republicans of all the
States to refrain from sending Federal officeholders
as Delegates to the National Republican
Convention."
The Washington Patriot says:?"The clerks
iu the Treasury Department have many of them
been working at night for a week or two past,
and the accounts of every disbursing officer of
the Government have been overhauled. This
was ordered in consequence of the numerous
defalcations that have recently bceu reported."
Mr. Horace Greeley is just now the particular
object of displeasure to the Radical party.
They denounce him in round terms. As soon
as it is ascertained after Grant's nomination,
that he will stick to the "party," he will be
".is good as wheat" to his present denouncers.
The execution of Gen. Rossel, at Paris, has
caused much excitement. There will be a bitter
feeliug created by it against the present
French government, and Thiers as its head.
Rossel participated in the Commune insurrection.

The II. S. Circuit Court at Columbia, S. C.,
sustaiued the objection of the U. S. District
Attorney iu relation in the summoning of the
jury iu the Ku-Klux cases, and adjourned until
to-morrow to allow time for summoning another
jury.
.Mr. Colfax, in Baltimore, yesterday, talked
politics, expressed his confidence in a Republican
triumph in 1S72?said his first choice for
President was Gen. Grant?declared that he
and Gen. Grant were good friends?&c., &c.
ALEXANDF
The President has as yet made no response
to'therecoot appeals to him to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus in Georgia and Florida.
Senator Oal orn is very anxious that martial
law shall be proclaimed in Calhoun and Jackson
aunties of the latter State.
A suit has been brought iu Washington hy
Stilwell Harris, of New York, against flu- managers.
trustees and commissioners of the "grand
gift concert" lately held at Lincoln Flail, for j
monies expended in behnlfnf that ''enterprise." I
Congress will be asked by the Secretary ofi
War. it is given out upon high authority, to i
increase the army somewhere near its former j
standing previous to the recent reduction in j
accordance with the law of Congress.
A dispatch from Madrid says that "Gen.
Sickles, L\ S. Minister to Spain, was imurieJ
to a Miss Crouch on the I'Tth. and started for
New York immediately."
It is said there will be a strong San I'oiuiugo
lobby this winter, during the session id'
Congress. There is a good del of "money"!
iu this business.
Many of the L\ S. soldiersin SouMi Carolina i
arc charged with brutal treatment of the citi- J
zeus, whilstengaged in executing the Ku-Klux
law.
The Secretary of the Commonwealth is prepared
to isMio to the members elect ol'the Legislature
of Virginia their certificate- of election.
Pork is .selling r/imp in all the Western cities.
It is much lower than it was last year, ami an
unusual number of hogs are being killed.
The Legislature of Wyoming ha> njinifrd
the law allowing female suffrage in that territory.

Mr. Goo. W. Carter, formerly of this State, j
has been very ill in New Orleans, but at la-t j
dates was recovering.
To-inorvow is the day recommended by the
President to be observed as Thanksgiving Day. j
There is a rumor in New lurk that Mayor j
flail has determined to resign.
r,vvr? ?tK t il K iP
'7b ik; .'A- ni/t ii if I l'i>''// Itn /'//j
C'oUsideiable excitement has been created in
English tiuaneial circles by some one foisting j
upon the public bogus telegraphic dispatches j
to the effect that ail the leading railroad lines
in England had amalgamated. The effect up- i
on 'Change was similar to New York Wall j
street scenes, with the exception that no money
swindles are reported.
The steamship North America, which arrived
at Baltimore ou Sunday last, was cleared I
yesterday, and will sail this morning for Liver-
pool with a heavy freight, and upun arriving
at Halifax will take on the English mail, ft is
said that with the opening of spring two additional
steamers will be placed upon the route.
The colored boy Thomas Carroll, who was
arrested in Baltimore in August lust on the
charge of having killed Jacob Brown by stabbiug
hiui with a knife,was acquitted yesterday,
the State's Attorney having abandoned the
ca-e after the testimony hud been heard.
Gov. Scott, of S. 0., in a message to the
General Assembly yesterday, stated that the
entire debt of the State is S11,994,008. He
says the State will meet all her obligations, and
recommends that no money be borrowed to
meet the current expenses.
Chicago is to receive a gift frotu sympathizing
friends in England. The Anglo-American
Association has inaugurated a plan for furnish
iog that city with a free library. Among the
contributors arc Disraeli, the Marquis of Lome,
Carlyle, &c.
In the Supreme Court of New York yesterday,
Judse Speucer decided that a mock-mar
riage, followed by a cohabitation and a public
acknowledgment of the marriage, is valid according
to the laws of the tState.
There is considerable feeling being exhibited
at the present time in differeut cities in the
Union,in reference to the condemned custom of
trades-unions restricting the number of apprentices
employed in various callings.
The merchants of New York are inaugurating
a combined effort to break down the system
of corruption in harbor charges which has
fleeced thetu of thousands of dollars and injured
commerce.
The Police Commissioners of New York have
decided to break up the lottery policy swindling
shops in that city.
The trial of 3Irs. Wharton for the poisoning
of Gen. Ketchuiu commences at Annapolis on
Monday uext.
West Virginia.?-The Wheeling Register,
a leading journal in West Virginia, says:
"It is perhaps needless to remark that West
Virginia does not just yet recognize her liability
tor one-third ot the public debt of Virginia,
notwithstanding her territory and population
may be one-third of the former population and
territory of the State. We are willing to abide
the decision of the commissioners legally appointed
to ascertain what amount of debt we
shall assume, but there is no use in disguising
the fact that the people of West Virginia will
be greatly astonished it it is adjudged that onethird
of the debt is justly due from this State.
West Virginia is quite as willing as the old
Coiumouwealth to 'consider all the equities'
and be guided by theui in determining what
portion of the debt she should assume, but the
Whig is certainly mistaken in supposing that
the counties composing West Virginia have
drawu from the treasury, in excess of the taxes
they have paid, a sum equal to the whole debt
of the State, or that Mr. Bennett entertains
such an opinion."
Mf.i.axchoi.y Case.? A letter Irom .Telcrsviile,
in Amelia county, to the Richmond Whig
savs:? '"This eommunitv was startled vesterdav
by an act of self-destruction on the part of an
elderly and highly respected citizen by the
name of Daniel Worshatu. The deceased had
for the past twenty years been a great sufferer
from rheumatism, and during the whole of
this period had made extra vagrant use uf laudanum
to allay his cxcrutiatiug pains. So ne
cessary had the opiate become to his peace of
mind and body, that he was in a most wretched
condition whenever his supply had been ex
hausted. and in consequence of its exhaustion
and long deferred supply,which he had awaited
with intense suffering for several days, the old
gentleman, in full command of his mental faculties,
deliberately walked out into the yard
and cut his throat with a razor. Found weltering
in his blood by one of his friends, he declined
all proffered relief, saying "T did it aud
I prefer to die.
Mr. Worsham was a gentleman of intelli-
geuce aud remarkable piety. The only mem- j
ber of his family is an adopted daughter. It
is sad to think that a life so near its natural
close should have been driven by intense suffering
to volnntary death.
tIA GAZETTE AN
VIRGINIA NEWS.
The Danville Times says"Mr. Joshua j
(Joe. who came to this vicinity last winter from
Steuben county. X. Y.. sold a portion of his
tobacco ci'"P last Wednesday :u S Mi j??r
pounds?the first tobacco he ever made, lie
bought a largo tract, and sold a portion off at a
considerable profit. He is well pleased with
his new home."
In Hiehtncnd.Sunday owning, Mr. Theodore j
D. Dowis and fa?nilv, seatcil th.-m.-elvea at
the suppot table. Mr. ID.wis remarking to his
wife that he never felt 1" ttor in his life. I in
mediatelv alter saying thi- he fell from !ii>
chair to the lloor a corpse.
The annual meeting of the stu.-UioM' rs <>f
the Kicliniotid and I'eter.-buig II. 11., was held
yesterday. The old officers of the company
were re-elected. The road i> in quite a pros
perotis co ndition.
A. J. Johnson died ye?t rday morning at
his residence near Charlotte Courthouse, lie
was a succe.-sful fanner, and i.ogely engaged
iu the lumber trade.
'I ho Hockhridire members of the directory of
the Valley railroad left yetcrday to attend a
ineeliug in Haliiuiore to day. Tiiev are summoned
to let the road to contract.
The Jaiucs River Canal is opened lo Lexington.
and frieght boats are pas ine up and
down. _____
"Scunk in Court. In the Circuit Court
in asliingtou.yesterday,the ea.-eui Uoddnuge
vs. Uaincs. was taken up. This is a suit
brought by I hnldridge to recover a lee l??r
services rendered Mrs. Unities in the year 1 SnS
in her .-nits then pending in the Supreme
Court of the I S., which have since beeu decided
in favor ul defendant. bv wl.i'-h she succeeds
to the posses-ion of a largo estate in New
Means. The amount alleged to In* due the
piaujlifl' is $nti.titH
Outing the examination ul' Mr-. Uain-.s for
the deli-nee. much laughter was provoked by
her detailed account of th many difficulties
-lie had sustained in the protrrc? oi the suit
tor the recovery oh her propeity in New )rleati-.
and by the ready wit displayed by the
old lady iu answering any dejireeiatory ob-ervatioiisoti
the part ol the opposite cmin.-el.?
I pen her cross-examination, Judge Moore,
counsel for plaintiff, endeavored to contradict
a .-tatemeut made by Mr-. liaincs in her examination-!!!
chief the substance of which was
a profession of love that she had at ad times
made for the I nioti, and that when mice at a
waterinc-plaee.shc had made a .-pooch. br-eoehimr
all of In-r h-arer- to ivmaui bv tiie I nion.
Ac\
To effect thn, Judge M tore a-ken her win flier
she had not. when stopping at tiie Spmtswood
lioiel. in the city of Jliehuc-nd. complimented
tier.erai I ViCi Upon a rebel .-uecn.-.- ill
Missouri
The writne?e;iiph-?tie-illy 11i I the buj iUa-
lion.
J iidco Moore. I rising to his loot and up
preaching Mrs. tiaitms.) Midline. did you
tiot. in the presence ol several getifletivn. compliment
Uetieral Price upon the success ol the
rebel army, and express sympathy with the.
Confederacy
Mrs. U linos, trising an-1 approaching Judge
Moore, until they both confronted eacii other.)
Sir. I never did. Never Never Never
Judge Moore, (smiling blandly, i Madame,
did you ever see me there
Mrs. (raincs. (eyeing the -Judge closely
for some time.) No, sir; I can not say I ever
had the plea .-tire ul* gazing upon so highly
interesting a eotintenanec. jUreal laughti-r. j
Marshal Phillips. Ha lia Silence
Iudge Moore, (suffused with blushes.) I am
only sorry that 1 should not have been treasured
in the recollection of>o beautiful and accomplished
a lady. J Kcricwcd laughter.
Marshal Phillips, (trying to look savage.)?
Silence
Judge McArthur. I la ha ha ha haha
ha
(Judge Moore sits down and so does Mrs.
Gaines.)
Without proceeding further with the investigation
of the case, the court adjourned until
to day.? Washington Patriot.
Var.nisii Manufacture.?The "Village
Suiithy," celebrated by Longfellow, is thus alluded
to by the Cambridge (Mass. j Chronicle:
In 1 si'(i. this shop was occupied by Dexter
Pratt, and io that year lie rented the hack part
of it to Franklin lioughtonand David Met 'lure,
for the purpose of making varnish. Thus, in
iu 1 Slin in Old Gam bridge, and in this blacksmith
shop, was coin pott tided and cooked the
first varnish ever made in this country for public
sale. Previous to that time, each carriage
painter made his own varnish. A kettle, holding
about eight gallons, was used by this firm,
and as fast as it was made, the varnish was
taken to Boston and sold to the carriage makers.
The business proved to bo remunerative,
and there grew up a steady demand for all they
could supply. The process of making it was a
secret one, having been bought by them of a
Frenchman, and thus they held a monopoly of
the trade for a long time. Ir is said that they
1 1 11 1
realized a prone or a uoiiar an uour during
working hours. and in tho.se days, and in this
part of the world, this was considered splendid
pay. Such was the initial point of varnish
manufacture in the I nked States, an interest
which has steadily increased ever since, until
to day it is represented by no less than one
hundred firuis in America, aiuong which are
several very large business houses.
Washington Items.?Col. W. F. Stocking
of New York city, and Miss Pattie Miller,
daughter of Mr. Justice Miller, of the 1 hiked
States Supreme Court, were married yesterday.
Mr. Thomas I?. Cross, a highly e-teenied
citizen of the sixth ward, fell dead last night
as lie was about to retire to his bed. He was
about 04 years of age.
On Sunday night two colored men went to
the house of Mrs. Talbert. in the county, a
short distance from Hock Creek church, and
demanded admittance, On opening the door,
she was knocked down by one of the ruffians,
who afterwards proceeded to search the house,
and then cleared out with their plunder. KwKlux

Treasurer Spinner will to-day forward
$s,00i.i,000 in gold checks to various portions
of the country, for tlio redemption of fivctweuty
bonds sent to Washington.
Mr. Prosser, ex-tnenibor of Cungros from
Tennessee and ex-postmaster at Na.-hville, who
is charged with certain irregularities, expects
ti) escape punishment through a technicality.
.n.i ni:i hik
Thi- morning, l>y Rev. Dr. .1. J. I??i 1
GKoRG E JuH NSTt )N to ISAIJKL A., dawghter
of Win. Gregory, nil of tl?i- city.
On the 22d instant, hv Rev. Dr. Bullock, WM.
E. LATHAM to ADA V. KM KKSi>X, all of
Alexandria, \~a.
In this city, on Monday, the 27ili instant, by
Rev. Mr. Hemenwav, WILLIAM GIBSON
CARPENTER lo.SARAH TEN N I SON, eldest
daughter of W. E Alien, os-j., all of Alexandria
county, Va.
TTJISSOLUTLON OF COPARTNERSHIP.
Mr. JOSEPH J. HAUNT M ha.- thi> day retired
from the firm of J. S. OTIS A CO.
Ail outstanding obligations are hereby assumed
by the undersigned, who will settle the same,
and continue the business under the same name
as heretofore. _ .1. S. OTIS.
Clifton Station, Fairfax eo., N-.v. 21, lbTl.
nov 29?St*
0~WEET CIDKK tor .-ale by
O nov 27 J. C. MIL BURN.
D VIRGINIA AD'
r/TV COlWCiF,.
OFFICIAL PRO C EE DINGS.
Board oi'Aldcrinrn.
At a regular meeting of the Hoard of Alder- j
men, held November 28, 1871, there were pre-'
sent: H. L. Simpson, esq.. President, and Messrs 1
Marked, Jannev, French. Worlhingtun, Corse
and Se.nton. j
The Committee on Claim* reported in favor of j
reducing the assessment on the property of L. j
Geiitzberger, No. 81 King street, to SoCtHi; which
was not adopted.
The Committee on Claims was di-eharged j
from the consideration of the petition of J ohn A. I
Senton for a reduction of assessment. j i
The Cotnmittee on Streets reported in favor of i
paving the gutter and resetting the curb in front
of F. G. Swaine's house. No. 41 Royal street, j r
and in favor of placing a Hugging across King j
street from northeast to southeast corner, and i i
northwest mid southest corners, of King and
Union streets?which was adopted
An act to regulate the measurement of oysters
in the city of Alexandria, and for the appoint
miMit <>t un inspector oi oysters, was receive j
from tlit.* Common Council.and their action concurred
in.
A petition tit' Thomas Downey to have the
gutter paved and curb reset in front of his house,
corner of Fairfax and Cameron streets, was received
from the Common Council and their action
concurred in.
A communication from the .Mayor was re-
ceived from the Common Council and their ae- j
tion concurred in.
On motion.it was resolved, that the Committee i
on the Pour be instructed to have sold all the j
hogs and pig? now at the Poors' House, except
such as can he fed with the slops of the estao- 1
iishmeiit: also to sell the horse und discharge!
the man who has been heretofore employed for
the collection of garbage.
Messrs. Worlhington and .lanney were appointed
proxies to represent the interests of the
Coruoration in the annual meeting of the stock- j
holders o| the 0., A. M. K. It., to be held No- j
veinber 3(>th, 1871, and all adjourned meetings,
thereof, on the part of the part of this Hoard. j
Mr. M. D. Corse was appointed as a proxy
to represent the Corporation in the annual meet- j
ing ef the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Co., on i
the part of this H>urd. j
A hill of \V. L. Milhurn, .>11, for.-i*rrii
registrar and clerk of eleetion also a resolution
instructing the Committee on .Streets t<> take 1
stf.ps to iutve the east end of the tunnel oil 1
Wilkes street properly walled and tilled in; also
n petition from Harlow Sc l>ro.? were received
from the Common Council and their aeliori en-
our red in.
Hills of M. B. Harlow, S-, and G. L. .Simpson,
SI I, registrars and clerks of election of Seeond
Ward: of.I. E. MeGraw, >10, for tis.ii for Alms
House; of J. \V. Atkinson, for blacksmith'-
work for Alms House, 5> 1 3."JO. and of Davy A
Harmon. SOU.83, for groceries lor Alms Hou-e,
were ordered to be paid.
The Committee on the Poor reported in favor
of appropriating S3<m) to buy wood for the poor j
?tiie wood to be issued by the Mayor in con-j
junction with the|cni?mitte'*s. which was adopted.
The Committee on Streets reported in favor of;
laying a flagging across Prince, on the west side
of Pitt street, which was adopted.
On motion, it was resolved, that the Finance
Committee he hereby a .thori/.ed to have the
houses and lots of the city properly numbered,
and to collect tlio expense thereof from the property
holders which was referred by the (Join- i
moii Council to the Committee on Streets, with i
ilistrm-ii<-r?- to report a bill to curry out the oh- j
ject of the resolution --which action w?* coneiir-
rod in.
A petition from sundry citizen? to lmve the
embankment nt the intersection of Washington i
and Franklin streets cut duw n, &i\. was reiei red
to the Committee on Streets.
A petition from the Exchange Building Co. to
have the curb reset and raised, was referred to
the Committee on Streets and City Surveyor. j
The Board proceeded to the chamber of the
Common Council for the purpose ot electing
sundry ollicers. and upon their return the Board I
adjourned.
Te.st?*: JN'O. J. JAMIKSON. Cl. rk. I
<0111111011 Council. j 1
At a regular meeting of the Common Council, j
held November 28, 1871, there were present: j
Geoige it. Shinn. esq.. President, anil Messrs. j 1
Moore, N'eale, Wheat, Hopkins, Stuart. Green, j
Smith. Henderson, Claggelt, Pinn, Evans and
llu-hes.
Mr. Hopkins, from the special e ?nunittee to j
whom had been referred the petition ot sundry j
oyster dealers tor relief from oyster boatmen, j
reported an act to regulate the measurement of
oy.-ters in the city of Alexandria, and for the
appointment of an inspector of oysters, which
was read three times, the 2?ith rule suspended,
and passed by its title. Ayes Messrs. Shinn,
N'eale, Moore, Wheat, Stuart, Hopkins, Smith,
Henderson, Claggett, Pinn, Evans and Hughes?
12. N'oes, none.
A communication from tho Mayor with refer-
ence to the re-election of policeman William j 1
Johnson was referred to the Police Commissioners
by the following vote Ayes, Messrs. Shinn,
Moore, Neule, Green, Stuart, Henderson, Evans,
Hughes and Claggett. N'?>es, Messrs. Hopkins,
Smith and Pinn.
Mr. Wheat ottered his resignation as a member
of the Board of Police, which was not accepted.
_
Mr. Henderson offered a resolution respecting j
the duties of the Board of Police, hut with-
drew it.
A bill of W. L. Milburn, amounting to $11, j
for election services, was ordered to be paid.
The following communication was received
from the Auditor:
To the Honorable City C-juncil: 1
In compliance with a resolution passed on the I 1
1 .i-~ U ,U..? I
14111 lMSliini, 1 1121V lilts iK'iiwi iu i unit tin; i
amount of Corporation duo bills redeemed and
received for taxes in the years
18<">8 amounted tu Si,928 To
1809 3,9-18 17
187 0 535 25 r
187 1 980 25 i
$7,398 42
Amount outstanding, "supposed," $1.U25.?
This statement is made upon the estimate ot' my
predecessors. AI??st respectfully submitted,
KobkhtS. Ash by, Auditor.
November 28, 1871.
The following papers were received from the
Board of Aldermen, and their action upon the 1
6ftine concurred in Communication from the j
Exchange Building Company, bill of M. B. Har-
low, communication of George E. French and
others, bill of George L. Simpson, petition of L. j
B. Taylor and others, bill of Davy Harmon,
bill of J. E. jMcGraw, bill of J. W. Atkinson,
communication from the Mayor, petition of F.
G. Swaine, petition of Suttle Stuart and oth-
ers, petition of .John A. Seatcn, petition of L.
Gent/.berger, resolution respecting the shIc <>f bogs,
pigs and horse at the Boor's House.
The Chair appointed Messrs. Wheat and 11
Green proxies to represent the interest of the x
city in the next meeting of the stockholders of j 'J
the 0., A. M. K. K. Co., and John W. Burke i
in that ol" tli? Chesapeake Ohio Canal Co.
A communication from Harlow Bro. asking r
that a framed building adjoining their store be
allowed to remain, was referred to the Commit-
tec on Streets. R
Mr. Sliinn offered a resolution instructing the j(
Committee on Streets to have the ea<t end of the fl
tunnel repaired, which was adopted.
The Board of Aldermen then entered the
chamber and the two boards in joint meeting elected
the following municipal officers, the 4
election of Guagor and Inspector of Liquors be-
ing, after four ineffectual ballots, postponed:
David A. Lowe, Harbor Master, ami George 1
Petty. .lames Swann, William Darlevand Win. ti
Novell, .Readymen. w
The joint meeting then dissolved.
A resolution adopted bv the Board of Alder1
i
men respecting me numueriug uic m j
tlio city was referred toih??Committee on Streets, i
with instructions to report a bill to carry out the
object of the resolution. I
Mr. Hopkins intro duced a resolution directing
the Conunutee on the Poor to procure proposals j
from responsible druggists for furnishing modi- i
cincs to tile poor fur one year, and award tho
contract to the lowest bidder, which wa? adopted, j
The Hoard then adjourned.
Teste: HAROLD SNOWDKX. Cl k.
iqitvitutkl.
Having re-leased the old and popular house,
the CITY HOTEL, we shall in the future, as in
the past, devote our sole personal attention to
the accommodation of our guests. Thankful fur
the liberal patronage heretofore extended to us, 1
we shall endeavor, by increased exertions, to J
merit its continuance,
iiov 2b-lm CARR BARRETT.
H~UM 1N Y AXD GRITS for sale bv T
\V. F. BROOKE3,
nov 21 147 King ?tra?t.
VERTISER.
cfp.yj.nEiici.n..
UevKndria Market, November 20, '7i.
4,LOUK, Superfine $0 37 6 GO
Kxtru 7 12 7 37
Family 8 00 4 8 50
Family choice 0 00 4 9 50
A I! KAT,Common to fair I 30 l 35
Fair t<> good I 4,3 (4 -3.3
Good to prime I 55 Co) l 05
Prime to choice I 05 4 l 70
Choice I 7U fa l 75
'<>RN\ white U 73 0 75
Mixed (I 7:5 feu 0 75
Yellow 0 70 4 n 78
i Y K 0 90 4 i 00
>ATS ti 50 (n 0 5:5
BUTTER, prime K) 24 (a 0 28
C"ii)ii]Mii to middling D 10 4 0 15
EGGS 0 JJ5 (<J, 0 30
LTRKEYS 0 10 (a 0 19
JHLC'KENS, per lb 0 12 (a 0 15
1PJSH POTATOES 0 50 4 0 75
LARD 0 9 (a 0 10
DRESSED HOGS 0 00 0 50
riMOTHY SEED, country 3 00 (cl 3 50
Pennn. and We.-tern 3 75 (a 4 W
PLOVER SEED 7 5" 4 7 75
BACON", Hum.-, country 0 13 (a. 0 14i
Sides 0 9A (a 0 9j
Shoulders 0 7 4 0 8
K E K N A P P L ES. per bbl 2 0u (a. 3 00
Dried per 11) 0 rj (d, 0 8
DRIED PEACHES, pealed 0 12 (a 0 14
I. ii] ma led 0 7 fa 0 8
CHESTNl.'TS, per bushel 2 25 hi 3 50
I'LAS 1'ER, ground, tier ton 7 00 (ti 0 11(1
round, in bag* or bids y W (a UO
Ground, in bags, returned.... 8 (it '1'
Lump 4 25 (a 4 To
"ALT. A. i Liverp??di 1 40 (a. 1 60
Kim- 2 20 (a 2 do
Turk'.- 1 >land 0 00 (a 0 55
WoilL, cn'iuiioii unwashed 0 40 (a 0 44
Wa-hed 0 55 fa 0 58
.Morino. unwashed (J 27 (<Xt o 42
M-rino, washed 0 54 (<x 0 57
11A uer ton from tin- cars 25 0<) (q. 28 'Xi
Kkmarks. -The market for Wheat is unchanged:
offerings of 80 bushels white and 1218
of red, with sales of the former at 140, 04) and
it's*, for fair to prime, and of the latter at 150,
157, 158, 102 and 105 for good to prime, and 107
and 170 for choice, (,'oru is dull offerings of
IJ74 bu-hels mixed and 100 id' yellow, with -ales
of the former at 00 07 arid OS fur new, and 75
for old. Out* are duli: offerings of 200 bushels,
with -ales at 5M.
fOJCT OF .ILKX.I.VItJll.i. .V?r'?. *0.
SU.\ KOS.K 0.67 Moos KIsKS 0.27
l' n ss.rs 4.:','.t
XKKI V Kit.
Steamer Ladv <>ftl;e Lake. Grev. Norfolk. r>M
Kbiridge Co.
a i [.km.
Sfhr Marcena. Mun-on, New Bedford. grain
by M Kid ridge C'?.
M EMOKANDA.
Sellr G W treble}, for thi- port, suibnl from
Ha v re- de-(i racc 28t ii.
Scbr K 11 Barnes. Averv. for New Haven
hence, at New York 27ill.
SehrS D Vaughn, Kislev, hence for Norwich,
pas-eil through Hell Gate 27lh.
Sclir Alexander Young, Gunmdl, for this port,
'ailed from 1'rovidenco 25th.
Solir Curtis Tiiton, tor this port, flt-nnM ,a
I*hiIn?ifl|?liin 27th.
BillCKS. Ac/aT AUCTION.
At tin' Exchange Building, on SATURDAY,
December 2d, jit 12 o'clock in., will be sold u lot
of old Bricks, Frames, Doors, Sash and Oak
Girders.
GEO. Y. WORTH INGToN,
nov 2*-i-ot Pre.-. Kx. Build'g. Co.
1 EI Fo K D WATER!
I) BEDFORD WATER!
1 ii-1 received n fresh ?upplv of
BEDFORD WATER,
direct from the Springs,
nov 20 COoK CRKlGHToN.
OFFICE O., A. M. K. R. CO..
Ai.kxaxdria, Va., Nov. 8, 1871.
NOTICE?The Annual Meeting ot" the Stookhohier.
ot the Orange, Alexandria and Manassas
Railroad Company will be held at the office of
the Company, in Alexandria, on THURSDAY,
tiie HUth instant, at 12 iw.
By order of the Directors:
L. W. KKID, Sect'.v.
The tran.-fer books will be closed from the loth
instant until the adjournment of the above meeting.
nov 'J?eotd
QTOCK HOLDERS' MEETING.
Falls Church, Vn., Nov. 24. 1871. j
The Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of
the FAIRFAX and GEORGETOWN TURNPIKE
COMPANY will be held in tho Baptist
Church,nt Falls Church. Va.. on SATURDAY,
December 2. 1871, at 2 o'clock p. m.
nov 24-eotd WM. H. DANIEL, Sect'y.
17< I If S T N A T 1 O N A L B A N K
1- Alexandria, Va.
This Bank will be closed on THURSDAY,
November 30th, (Thanksgiving Day.) Bills and
flute* maturing that day must be paid on Wednesday,
November 29th.
nov 28-2t C. K. II() )FF, Cashier.
(CITIZENS' NATIONAL BANK,
Alexandria, Va., Nov. 28, 1871.
This Bank will be closed on THURSDAY,
November 80th, (Thanksgiving Day. i Notes
'.lulnrinir .in tlinf .luv urn ri?tl II l?stfd to be naid
jn Wednesday, the 2Ulh.
nov 28-2t WM. U. LAM BERT. Cashier.
noil EST1CS! DOM EST ICS!
All kinds of the above, such as Canton Flanli'la.
Sheetings and Shirtings, Hosiery, ?&e.,?a
rerv large stock at
nov_28 WIT ME R SLA YMAKER S.
WATER PROOFS!
WATER PROOFS!
The verv best brands always on hand at
nov 2* WITMER SLA YM AKER'S.
SALT.
FINE AND GROUND ALUM
low discharging ex Barque Robert,
DIRECT FROM LIVERPOOL.
For sale at lowest market prices by
nov 24 HOOK, WEDDERBURN CO.
OARGAINS IN DRY GOODS.
From our large and varied assortment we are
iow prepared to suit all tastes. Having made
ery large purchases within the past weak at reiuced
prices, we cmn offer great hargainH to cash
>u vers.
nov 2b ROBT. L. WOOD.
rHE AMERICAN BUTTON HOLE OVER
S E A MING AN I) COM PLETE SE WING
MACHINE?The first and only Button-Hole
nd Sewing Machine combined "that has made
ts advent in this or any other country, is now
ri exhibition and for sale by
M. H. G. WILLIS,
nov i'4-tf No. 8 Royal St., Alexandria. Va.
r 1 U NS, AT 88 KING ST R E ET.
JT
We have just received our third supply of
)ouble-barreled Gun*, to which we invite atelition?quality
good?prices low. Call and exniine
at 88 King street,
nov 18 J. T. CREIGHTON SON.
I"* KA f) THIS!
Li
We have a large lot of
LADIES' FINE BUTTON* BOOTS,
ent u? from Philadelphia, which will be sold at
great reduction on the regular price, at
nor 10 WADDEY'S, 74 King gt.
OTI C E TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
OIL CLOTH RUGS, new styles, to go under
toves or at front door. Another supply, beauiful
new stvler.
nov 24 ROBERT L. WOOD.
A VERILL CHEMICAL PAINTS, of val
jL rious shades, on hand and for gule at facr>ry
prices by
noy 20 E. S. _L E A I) BEATER B RO._
DRIED FRUITS?Peach Pears, Appleg,
Cherries, Turkish Prunes. &c.
GEO. McBURNEY SON.
nov 22 16# and 170 King street.
rOMATO CATSUP for sale by tho pint,
quart or gallon. G. WM. RAMSAY,
nor 22 S. E. cor. King and St. Asaph ?U.
J

s/'kckik ,v? ticks.
Katchelor'a Hair Dye.?This superb
Hair Dye is the heal iti the. \V->rl'1?Perfectly
Harmless. Reliable ami Instantaneous. No disappointment.
No Ridiculous Tints, or Unpleasaiit
Odor. The genuine W. A. Batchelor'a Hair
Dye produces IMMEDIATELY a splendid
Black or Natural Brown. Doe?- not .Stain tin:
Skin, but leaves the Hair Clean, Soft and Beautiful.
The only Safe and Perfect Dye. Sold by
a!! Druggist*. Factory. 1?> Bond -t.. New York.
New York, jan 2"?eoly
On Marriage.?Happy Relief for Young
Men from the effects of Errors and Abuses in
early life. Manhood restored. Nervoii- debility
cured. Impediment? to Marriage removed. New
method ot treatment. New and remarkable
remedies. Rook? and Circulars sent free, in
sealed envelopes. Address HOWARD ASSo|
CI ATI o N. No. -J S-.uth Ninth St., Philud.d'
phia. sep 2?dcY'twdin
d t'cno.v *./t. ks.
rp K t" ST K K" S S A L E OF TIM BEKED J
JL LAND. By virtue of a deed of triM fr<-m
Wni. H. Butler t?? Alfred Moss, recorded <>n thFairfax
laieJ records, liber Z. No. folio 4!4.
the undersigned will, on MONDAY, the 2Kb
day of November. 1S71, Court day, in front
the Court House of Fairfax county, sell, to the
higlie?t bidder, SIXTY-TWO ACRES OF
LAND, conveyed by said deed. Tlli? land lie*
near Clifton station, ami Is well timbered, and 4
as such a very desirable property. K. 11. Butler
wiii take pleasure in showing the property.
Terms: Cash: but arrangements can be made
for a liberal credit. The undersigned, .selling a*
trustec. will convey only such title a- i* v.d
by said deed of trust, which is believed to h?good.
THOMAS MOORE,
Fairfax in., oet 18-wis Sub. Trustee.
/gsff"Tbe above sale is adjourned to DECEMBER
18th, 1871. at sale e place.
THOMAS MOORE.
Fairfax co.t rev 24-wt* Sub. Trustee.
rPRl'STE E'S SA LK.? Bv virtue of a deed of
I JL trust from Marcuret Hel/.eI, dated 2!>t <>f
August, 18d'.i. recorded in the Lam! Record? oj
I Fairfax county. Liber K. No. 4. Folio i'.?7, and
j for the purpose therein mentioned. I ?bal! olfer
j bv public auction, at Fairfax Court ilou-e. ..n
MONDAY, theLiidi of November next, 'that
being Court <lavj the* TRACT OF LAND in
said (Ieeii described, containingacres ami
poles, it being Lot No. 2 in the divi-ioti of
Samuel L. and Su.-nn L. Barnes's real c*tate.
Tim dtuve d/ici-ribed nroiiertv lie. aboiil two
mile- north of Clifton in -aid county, and is valuable
for its timber c>n-isting principally of
White Oak. Selling a- trustee, I -hall ?tsv\
such title only a* is vested in me, which i- t??j
lievcd to be unquestionable,
i Terms: Ca-h. Sale to take place b.-twe-:.
j 11 and 11'o'clock. TlioS. H. LOVK.
I Fairfax county, net lb?coto {'ru-ioe.
j fif}' The above sale is ?>o.-tnoned to the l>:b
oF DEC KM BKR next.
n?? Jtft?r*ots THUS. II. LOVK. Tru.-Ue.
PUBLIC SALE OF VALUABLE LAND.
By virtue of a decree of the Circuit Court I
Fairfax countr, rendered in the ease of .1. Lu- /x
ciu< I)t?vi? ami other? ngain.-t .1. II. Barilett ami
others, L shall. a- commissioner therein narne.l,
ojf'er for sale, in front of the Court Hoij.-e door
of Fairfax county, on .MONDAY, the isth day
of December, 1*71, Court dav. TWO-TIll KD>
of the TWO TRACTS tiF'LAND of which
James Davis and wife died seized, in said euif.tv,
according to a plat to be exhibited on the i
day of sale. Said land lies six miles northwi-t W
of the Court House, two miles north of the Little
River Turnpike road, adjoining the land* of
Hudson Bennett, William Hunt, lloshrnok. Jcc.
It is abundantly Wooded, well watered and eligibly
situated. About 5" acr-s are cleared.-Will
be so|.f in TWO TRACTS of about 2<K>
acres each. Mr. Charles Stewart r?iding on
the Turnpike, near the land, will exhibit it*.'to
those desiring to purchase.
Terms: One-tenth ca-h. and the re-dim in
three equal instalment.- at lit and 1* month-,
secured by the notes of the purchaser, and retention
of the title till the last payment i? made
the land to be resold in case of default of tilpurchaser
in making the deferred payment-.
Conveyancing. at purchaser's rn-i.
M. 1)1*LANY BALL.
Fairfax rn? noy 23-wtS
It <t II IS .I.S'II Sil a h.S.
0 T I c K
The citizen- of Alcxandiia and vicinitx arc
r.Ktowft'liMv i rt f? .I'tiiml lit' T !?i? M fii'il
he has now on hand a very large ami well
looted stock ol'
BOOTS AND SHOES,
which earned. ho surpassed hero or elsewhere
and which will he sold at vary 1<>w prices. M
stock eonsistn in part??t* Ladies' and Genticmcti
Gaiters and Boots,
Balmoral- and Oaiters, Slinpers. Prince Aiitalic,
M. A. Kaiicy and Pluin Slipper-.
Also u vory large assortment of Allos-'-o' u<>J
Children'* Buttoned and Plain (Jailer-,
Li'a.-s and t'ndrass Morocco
Balmorals.
Also Boys' and Youth's hoots and SlIoLS.
of every variety and style. Also the ju-tly calfthratiuf
ClIASlPloN SHoK, the best Planter n
Shoo ever invented.
JSflsHis stock of BOOTS and SIIOKS <>1 hi- jf.
OWN MAKK is unexcelled hy M.y otliei f
tnhlishinant in this city.
Come, one and all, to No. yd King street, Alexandria,
Ya.. sign of the "Opera and (odd- n
Boots," and directly opposite the new Sareptn
Hall.
N. B. All kinds of Ladie.-' and (jentlemen work
made to order, and a tit guaranteed.
Repairing neatly dona, and charges very mod
eruto. F. I'tFF,
Oct G-2ni ys King -tract.
jgOOTX A l> SHOCS.
Til 1 KTY PKK C?N i" S A Y KD
by buying your
boots and siioi-s
by tliH iingl? |'Hir. Ht WlioLKSA I<K "rl~,
at tho .ntore,
NO. 10* KINO STKI KI.
JOSKl'H KAITMANN,
Soltr Ag?;nt for Alexandria ofihe
IM I*K( V KI) KISII A KCK ('if A M PI<?>' A N i>
DIItT KACM7JJKU 8IIOK.
it'D ly?ly
IT* ISIIE K S I N R IV A L L K D M L N C K M E A T
?the b<>nt article in the market.
d. \VM. KA.MSAV,
ncv IS) S. E cor. King and St. Asaph -t?.
JL'ST RECEIVED?Another supplv of those
FIRE-PROOF EARTHEN W ARE PIPKINS,
just the tiling for cooking purpose*. at
nov'ju ENTW'ISLE S CHINA STOKK.
1 O R KAS U V sTK A W l> AK K ju.t
X t)v/ received and for sale bv the
CH1N KS ETE A CO M I' A N V.
nov 20 No. 11 north Royal street.
WH E E L W R I G H T A N I) C A R KIA <?K
MAKE RS' M A T K RIAL -a fu 11 .t-ck wholesale
and retail, at
novii JAS. F. CARLIX 4 SONS A