LOCAL NEWS.
Corporation Court?Judge K. M. Lour,
jwesidiny.?In this Court yesterday, the eases
of John W. Payne, for house breaking, and
John Mastin, for vessel breaking, were continued.
The cases of the Commonwealth vs. Hiram
Arnold; same vs. John Bayliss; same vs. Jas.
Davis, and same vs. Autanda Perkins were
continued.
John K. Alexander's resignation as registrar
of the Second Ward, was accepted.
George Wise qualified us Notary Public.
David A. Lowe renewed his notorial.bond.
Com. vs. W. II. Piukney, colored; for larceny;
convicted and sentenced to five years in
the penitentiary.
Com. vs. John Nightiugill; for assault and
Lattery; verdict not guilty.
Com. vs. A. J. More; for subornation of
perjury; verdict of guilty and fine of otic cent;
morion for new trial.
To-Day.?Swatm vs. Thornton; continued
with peremptory order on defendant for trial at
next term.
K. Kemper renewed his notorial bond.
Dentvvs. Garten; dismissed; agreed.
A. W. Chilton was appointed guardian ad
litem of the infant, in the case of Lloyd vs.
Lloyd.
Clark vs. Devaughn; in chancery; petition of
Germau Co-operative Building Association; report
of Commissioners filed and decree confirming
sale and for distributing proceeds.
In a number of civil suits of no interest to
the public generally,pleas and motions were entered,
aud several continuances granted.
Com. vs. Hugh Stridor, for house breaking; j
case in progress when this report closed.
University Alumni.?At a meeting of the
University Alumni Association, of this city,
held at the law office of Mr. S. C. Xeale, last
uight, W. G. Cazenovc, president, in the chair
aud K. Kemper secretary, after a free interchange
of views on various topics of interest to
those present, it was determined to appoint
some day in January, of each year as an anniversary
occasion, on which there will be appropriate
ceremonies and festivities, including a
diuner, &c.; and the secretary was authorized
to correspond with the Alumni in the adjoining
counties with a view of obtaining their cooperation
in the suggestion.
i
Taken to Richmond.?Michaci Rotchford, J
1 A 1 TT n ry
hailed for his appearance betore tae u. o. v. ir- i
cuit Court, lately in session in Richmond, as a 1
witness in the ease of Peter Fegau, owner of j
the West Eud distillery, charged with an in- I
fraction of the Revenue iaws, was arrested last
night by officer Burnett aud taken to Richuion
1 in charge of deputy U. S. Marshal L. I.
O'Neal to answer a charge of contempt?his
recoguizauce requirid<r him, to put in his appcaraucc
on the lid <?f October.
Local Brevities.
?Some needed repairs to Union street, north
of Cameron, are being made.
?Mosquitoes still prevail, the weather not being
cool enough to kill them off.
?With the appearance of fro3t, the cliil Is and
fevers are, to somo extent diminishing.
?This is the regular night in course for the
*smi-nionthly meeting of the City Council.
?There continue to be heavy transportation
of cattle from the Southwest over the O., A.
Al. R. it.
-A very heavy log prevailed this morning,
which, for some hours, impeded navigation on
the river.
?A number of our citizens ure visiting Baltimore
to witness the proceedings of the Episcopal
?'onvention there.
?The meeting of the "Workingmen's Party, t<>
have been hold to-night, has been postponed until
to-morrow night.
?Alexandria has two places (wood yards)
a,iu.-.-?.l mwl sidit wood is nreoared. by the
aid of steam power, for family use.
?The Radical County Convention meets tomorrow
morning, at 1U o'clock, at the 17. S.
Court room, over the Custom House.
?A gentleman residing here had, a few days
ago, an order from Florida for some work to ho
made and forwarded to that State.
?Dr. .1. M. Hinckley, formerly Assistant Attorney
General of the I S., is to lecture for the
benefit of the Alexandria Night School.
?Dr. Ilanimen, Dentist, has removed his office
to the rooms over German's store, in the
same building with the Alexandria Library.
?A postoffice is established at Neabsco Mills,
Drinee William county, Ya., some thirty miles
below this city, with L. M. Willis as postmaster.
?There is much complaint of the insecurity of
tlio wooden crossing at the intersection of Cameron
and Union streets, alongside the track of
the railroad.
?Mrs. Lucy L. Turner, ono of the oldest ladies
in the city, relict of the late Henry S. Turner,
of Jefferson county, died at her residence,
here, to-day.
?The lino of the Virginia Telegraph was completed
from Alexandria to Leesburg last Saturday.
Wo hope it may meet with encouragement
and success.
At the last term of the County Court, Mr.
K. Kemper was appointed a Commissioner in
Chancery of that Court, in placo of Mr. l'\ L.
Smith, jr., resigned.
?The work of excavating for the foundation
??f the new Market House is progressing, and it
is expected that brick laying will begin the latter
part of the week.
?Mrs. Gwin, the esteemed wile of Mr. D. ?S.
(twin, died at nor residence, m mh cuy, tun
morning, after a protruded illness, bin no with
true christian fortitude.
?The Potomac Bout Club, of Georgetown,
has received a telegram from the Undine Club,
of Norfolk, saying that they will row the Potomaes
on tho lbth instunt.
-The river steamers are doing a heavy business
at present. Tho steamer awuset has, for
several trips past, been delayed on account of
the extra amount of freight.
?The oyster houses are opening for thiv'.r winter
business. Tho oyster packing trade is an important
branch of Baltimore industry, employings
thousands <>f persons. Why not- btero as
well
?One of our old citizens, while crossing Prince
street yesterday evening, stumbled over s. piece
of timber lying on tho curb, and received some
severe contusions, lie urges the enforcement of
the law against obstructions on the side walks.
?Some thieves, by cutting out a pane of glass
from the window of the store of Mr. Th.orn, on
Pitt, between Queen and Princess streets, yesterday,
while the occupant was temporarily absent,
succeeded in taking oil'everything i 11 reach.
A little daughter ?f Mr. William Davis, rosiding
on Alfred street, fell through a bridge at
the corner of Queen and Alfred streets -on dunday,
and was so seriously injurod in b< >tJi logs
that she has been in bed ever sinee and is. unable
to walk.
?1The financo committee of tho Vouu.-j Alen's
Christian Association are entering vigorously
on the discharge of their duties. They hope,
under the new order of things, with the co-operation
of tho members and others, to plane tho Association
on a much more substantial financial
footing than it has hitherto been.
Police Keport.?Thore have l>een several
complaints at Police Headquarters of tbe noisy
conduct cf certain boys in the neigb borhood of
tho intersection of Wolfe and Water streets, and
tbe police are on the lookout for tho offenders.
Policeman Win. Jackson has beecn suspondod
until November 9th, for violation of police regulations
during the absence of thcMLayor in dep-
tumbor.
Matok's Office.?John Taylor, colored, fer
whipping a little white boy named W H. Moore,
from Prince William county, was fined and discharged.
James Lucas, for being drunk and abusing the
officers, was fined and discharge d. I
W. D. Watkins, for drunken.nose, was dismiss- j
ed upon a promise to quit the city.
Night Keport.?Night ch ar and tempera- i
lure mild. No disturbances in any quarter of j
the city. There wero two prisoners, but no
lodgers, at the station house.
t
Double Wedding.?St. Paul's Church was 1
filled to its utmost capacity, this evening, on
the occasion of the marriage of Mr. Albert Pes
Brisay McLcod to Miss Georgic, and Mr. Ly- -1
curgus E. lliler to Miss Alice, daughters of 1
E. a. Hough, esq., of this city. The ceremony 1
was performed by Dr. Norton, in his usual im-
pressive style, and as the bridal party, all
beautifully and most tastefully attired, entered 1
the church, the organ pealed forth au appro- j
priate air. The chancel was handsomely decorated
with flowers, the ladies looked lovely,
the gentlemen happy, and ''all went merry as J
a marriage bell."
Convicted.?Pinkhey, the colored conjurer,
whose performances have been noticed in the
Gazette, and who was finally brought up on a j
charge of larceny, was tried yesterday, in t he
Corporation Court, and sentenced to five year's x
imprisonment in the Penitentiary. Ho practiced
his frauds upon the ignoraut of his own
race.
Partridges.?Two flocks of partridges came J
into town yesterday evening.and alighted in the
lot of Gen. M. D. Corse, on Washington street, j
where they were not allowed to remain for
many momcuts. the hoys having "scented
them, and with stones, and pistols, soon com-
polled them to take shelter in flight.
1 ?i,;a 1
.l'EEii are saici 10 uc iuure [lumiiuu.-) 111 uun
section than i'or several years. A line young
Buck, killed near Anandale, Fairfax county, by
Mr. Ephriam Beach, was exposed for sale in
market this morning.
Kei.ief.?Subscriptions for the relief of the
sufferers by the dreadful lire, at Chicago, if c
left with the Mayor, will be promptly forward- i
ed by him to the Mayor of Chicago.
TELEGRAPH NEWS. I
[DISPATCHES TO TIIE GAZETTE..1
TIIE FIRE AT CHICAGO.
Graphic Account?The Firo Out.
Chicago, Oct. 10th, 2:20 a. m.?(Special to i
the Times.) One fourth of Chicago is in ruins, t
The tire is still burning in the West Division, t
Taylor and Halsted streets are swept to the 1
North, east aud South, burning an entire area 1
of five square miles from Hulstcd street north i
to the river, and Irom the river cast to Lake
Michigan. The ffre then crossed the river,
north side, aud swept uninterruptedly to Liu-
coin Park, taking^ its way churches, schools r
aud dwellings. jS'o business hou_e is left in the 1
South Division. All the railroad depots, thea- i i
tres, newspaper offices, including the Trihune, s
Post, Times, Journal, Mail, Zeitung, Uuiou t
and Advance, the waterworks and gas works
went early in the night. Steam engines ar- i
rived from Milwaukee, but were useless. A
fearful loss of life has been occasioned because
of the falling of walls. A vain attempt was i
made to tear down block's to check the tlauies. a
Buildings are now being blown up on the
south side. Ten thousand business meu will bo i 1
compelled to make assignments, aud an iusur- a
ance crash is inevitable. Desolation aud sorrow i a
universally prevail. The river is impassible be- j I
twecn the west and south divisions except at
SODS.
Philadelphia, Oct. 10.?Passengers via
the Pennsylvania Central for points beyond
Chicago will be promytly trait stored at the
crossing points of the intersecting lines outside
Chicago and no delay will arise on ae- 1
count of the tire. As soon as the terrible condition
of Chicago was known yesterday orders J
were transmitted by President Scott, of the
Pernna Central, to carry free over all the lines
I controlled bv that company lVoui every point
j any contributions of food and clothing destined
i for the relief of the destitute people of Chi|
cago.
New York, Oct. 10?11 a. in.?At midnight
last night the Western Union Telegraph
Office, which has been located at the corner of1
Wabash avenue and ltith street, was removed to j
22d street iu consequence of the approach of
the fire. At o o'clock this morning notice was
given that the fire was again upon them
and they must make a further retreat. Since j
that time there has been no communication
with the city.
The Western Union Telegraph Company j
famishes the following:?"St. Louis has just j
had communication with Chicago. lie reports j
a heavy rain there last night and the fire is I
j all out.
From Xen York.
New York, Oct. 10.?The excitement iu I
this city relative to the Chicago calamity is in j
no wise abated. This morning all people who
were going to their work shops early were anx- j
ious readers of papers containing the Associ-
ated Press dispatches, and the sales at the news j
stands have been enormous. Crowds ot busi-1
12th street bridge; all the others are uurneu. i
It is feared this remaining one will be crushed
beneath the overwhelming traffic. Five tiiousand
poor families are homeless and penniless. J
The railroad depots are burned, travel has
ceased, with no mails and but limited tclegrapic c
communication. Heip should be sent at once s
to the poor. The wind is still boisterous, and v
if it turns North nothing can save the west di- r
vision. The present loss is estimated at from f
$100,000,000 to $200,000,000.
Fire proof buildings burned like tinder es- j 1
pecially the bauks, not one of which remains. I
Few business houses saved even their papers.
The whole population have been busy ail night
aud the streets are now like a bivouac with j J'
sleeping men. The loss of life it is impossible j
to estimate. The shippiug ordered into the
north branch of the river was sent adrift into
Luke Michigan. Many vessels were burned.
All business is suspended and must remain so
for the present. Trcraendousoflbrts were made
to save the Tribune and Post as well as the city r
Hall and government buildings. Nothing tv-
mains but blackened stores and crackling oin- 1
ders. No paper can bo published until type
comes from elsewhere, as the type foundries
are also burned. j
The origin of the lire was in a stable where
a woman took a Kerosene lamp at milking
time. A large number of litcmou are killed
all did their duty nobly, but the streuis of water
in the hunting blocks were like fountain jets i
against the awl'ul heat of the conflagration. A
new hotel eight stories high, just completed,
sent up pyramids of solid flattie, making Lake
Michigan ruby colored for miles. The burning f
bridges along the river are swinging a graceful
arch of lire from shore to shore, and burning
ships sailed in the crimson waters. All the 1
churches in the South Division, the convent of
11 I I 1 1 J'..,..,. j
.More)', all tlie It. it. uuuuings, anu num wansions
on Michigau ami Wabash avenues arc
gone. The very pavements are I turned.
Kuiuors says now that another fire has broken
out in livde Park, a southern suburb and is
moving north. If this be true the destruction
of the retuainiDg portion of the Southern Di- i
vision cannot be prevented.
One hundred squares are already burned in 1
the South Division. The population will pro- bably
be reduced to o0,<H)0 in a month.
The business men cannot resume unless substantial
help is sent from the cast and west, i
A hundred thousand employees engaged in j
mercantile business, are out of employment.?
The streets leading to the unburot part of the 1
South and all loading to the unbroken bridge i
west are completely blocked by all kinds of
vehicles carrying sick and injured people and
blackened furniture. j
The county records are safe, but the city re- j
cords are lost. I
Mayor Mason has received dispatches from j
St. Louis, Milwaukie, Detroit, Louisville and
elsewhere inquiring what they shall send. He j i
asks lor cooked food for 100.MOO homeless per- i
IIA GAZETTE AJ
aess men were at tlie hotels until late last night j
io obtain the latest information of 'the fire.? i
Many were in trepidation, fearing they were J
oint sufferers with'their mercantile corresponleuts
in the doomed city. It is thought that
nucli business, to-day, will be entirely suspenied.
Many of our insurance companies will
loubtlessbe compelled to suspend fora.short time
n order to ascertain their.liabilities, while the
jrain and produce trade will undoubtedly he
wrought to a complete stands/ill. Every one in
>ur community feel deep sorrow lor the suttcrirs
and the response to the Mayor's proclauia:ion
for help will be spontaneous and of a liberdity
worthy of this metropolis.
Tn the Stock Hoard to-day a motion to dolate
$20,01)0 to the sufferers by the fire in
Jhicago was referred to the (Governing comnittee
with power to increase as much as the
:reasury will allow under $f?0,000. It was carried
lnanimously.
It is reported that three heavy houses have
ailed.
At a meeting of the Germania, llanover,
.Viagara and Kepublic Insurance companies,
imposing the Underwriters agency of New
i'urk, held to-day, due preparation was
nade to pay immediately upon adjustment,
ill lossesiucurred in,Chicago afterdoing which,
he capitals of all the companies will remain
mpaircd.
The police of the 20th precinct, raised this
norning $000 which purchased ISO barrels of
jilot bread, which was forwarded on (ho Erie
Hail road to Chicago before 10 a. in.
The combined Parepa Rosa and German
Jpera troupes will give a grand entertainment
it the Academy of Music Saturday next tor
he benefit of the Chicago sufferers.
Stocks arc greatly depressed. There is a define
in the whole list. The Western stocky
,vcre not called in the Board to-day.
The Chicago fire excitement has caused an
ilmost total suspension of business. Flour is
icld higher without business. Wheat is held
.'a3 better. Corn is held higher.
Shipments of specie to Europe to-dayS 1S000.
FOREIGN NEWS.
London, Oct. 10.?Gladstone has announced
hat it is the determination of the government
iot to yield to the appeals for the release of
he remaining Feniau prisoners on the ground
hat their offences are not political, and the rooase
of the other Fenians imprisoned for poitica!
offences firm no precedent lor dealing
vith those for whom pardon is now sought.
The news of the terrible conflagrafion in
Chicago, the details of which were published
jeslerdav and this morning, excites general
tud deep feeling and interest. The sympathy
tad a perceptible effect in depressing American
ailway securities in the Stock Board. Erie
tocka are quoted two per cent lower than yeserdav.
\T inmn fY-o 10 ?>,pnnr \]r>r?rr> lias been I
yv-w JW.
ipnoiutcd civil Govcnor of this city.
The political excitement which has been rifo
lerc since the assembling of the Cortes is growng
intense. The antagonism between Sagasto
md Zorilla is constantly increasing.
The order issued by Prim nearly a year ago
brbidding soldiers to belong to political associitiotjs
or participate in any manner in political
{fairs has beers renewed and will he rigidly en<
nv! i.
From Utah.
Salt Lake Cm*, Oct. 9.?There was coniderahlc
excitement tins morning in anticipaiun
of the appearnee of Brigham Young in
?uurt. About JU o'clock the room was densely
rowded and hundreds ol people were in the
rreets and about the building. About 11
'clock Brigham Young drove up in his cartage,
but did nut alight, his coudscI having
ibtained a postponement until afternoon owung
to the supposed unsafe condition of the
niilding with such a crowd ot people.
An assemblage of the Mormon legion took
dace in the Tabernacle. The proceedings
re re not made public. The conference adotimed
last night unrd the third of April next.
Tho Catholic Beneficial Union.
Louisville, Oot 10.?The delegates from
k'irgitiia to tho National Catholic Beneficial
hiiun, arrived hero safe. The contest for the
Jresi<iency of the 1 'nion is between Mr. O'Conlor
nf New York, and Mr. Wm. Kilgour of
Mcxandria Virginia, and the probabilities arc
hat the latter will be the successful candidate.
The jtariu'is.
Lonuon, Oct. 10-*11.30 m.?Consuls opened
it (J2\ for money and '.rJhd'-Y for account. Bonds
if 15-02 92S 1 Si jo, til. UlH 1 Ht>7 Ml; 10-lCb b'J.
Baku, Oct. 10.--Rentes opened at 50 ('nine*
centimes.
London, Oct. 10?1.30 p. i* --Bonda 02i for
llie issue of 1802.
New Yoitic, Oct. 10.?Stocks panicky and
ictivo. Governments very weak. Virginia fa
iS; new 0-3. Monev strong at 7. Gold linn
it Hi.
Baltimore, Oct. 10.?Virginia lis, old, 52 ask;d:
do. coupon, old, 01A asked. "West Virginias
20 asked.
Alexandria Library.?This is to givo
lotico that on and after this date the Alexandria
Library will he opened at the following hours:
Prom 7 to 10 o'clock p. in. daily, and from to
it o'clock m. on Saturdays.
octiHtt Iv. Kcmi'EK, President..
jzifA meeting of the Workingmen's Party
.vill he held in Muir's building, on "Wednesduy
ivcning, at 7i o'clock. By order of the Execuire
Committee. oet 9-2t
W.M. N. BEli'IvLKV
Has just received
A large lot ??f Balmoral and Boulevard Skirts;
iLo Black Alpacas and Black Silks; a superior
<>t of Plecced-liued Hose, Black and Colored
Velveteens. We cali the attention of purchasers
;o these goods, which arc very cheap. oc 10
TRAVELLING BAGS and SATCHELS, of
everv stvlc and at low prices, just opened at
"GREEN'S NOTION HOUSE,
oct 10 70 King street.
Oil AD ROE lor s.tlo at 117 King st.
Oj.ct 10 W. F. BROOKES.
""V*"OT1CK?All pen-mis arc hereby warned not I
to trust any prrsuu on my account without
U1 J bbuu V*
oct G-lw? Mrs. CHARLES JOHNSTON.
E W W A L L P A r E K
J. P. CLAliKE
1$ now receiving his Soring supply of
DECORATIONS,
jflector! with great care. This is the largest ur.d
most elegant assortment of new design of
PAPER HANGINGS j
ever offered in this city, at great! v reduced prices, j
Hp 14 No. lis King street.
WEST POINT CADET CLuTE.
Just received this day, another piece of the j
above. "We have not only tested the color of j
these goods with acid, but have soid agreat many j
pieces of them, and they have giver, universal
satisfaction as to their durability. Sr. John's
Academy suits made to order, on short notice; j
fit guaranteed.
sep 16 WITMER A- SL.VTMAKER. j
QTOCKIIoLDEiiS' MEETING. J
A meeting of the stockholders of the 31IDDLEBEKG
and PLAINS TL'RNPIKE CO.
will be hold iii Middleburg, at the oihee of Maj.
B. P. Noland. at 4 o'clock p. nr., ou SAT UK- j
DAY, the 14 th of October next, for the purpose
of electing a President and Directors for .-aid!
company for the next vear.
JAMfis PRIEST, President.
Aliddleburg, Ya., sep 2Q-e<?td
CI HI LI) REN'S UNDERCLOTHES SEPt
PORTER
Is the m*st perfect article of the kind that has
been offered to the public. It fits nicely and
gives a graceful form to the chiid without the
aid of lacing. It is an invaluable article, and i
admirably suited to the wan: of every young
miss. For sale by
Airs. C. L*. SIMPSON, 12> King at., j
oct 4 6 doors east of A. A W. R. R i
JD VIRGINIA AD'
CfKmjEHCl.1L.
Alexandria Market, Oct. 10.?The market r
for "Wheat is fairly active, and prices are 2aoc j1
betfer; offerings of 2092 bushels white and red,
with sales of tlio former at 166, 158, 162 and 165, f<
and of the latter at 155, 158, 100, 102, 165, 166,
167 and 1G8 for good to strictly prime. Corn is
unchanged offerings of 250 bushels whito and Ct
600 of mixed, with sales of the latter at 80 and 81. A
Oats are 1c bettor; sale* at 55 and 56, with offer- j"
ings of 510 bushels. _ t"
PORT Of .1L,EX.1JYI)RJJi, OCT. 10. fj,
SUN* R0SK 6.04 I MOON* RISKS 1.51
sunsets 5.21 i w
ARRIVED. f
Sehrs E It Kirk, Jersey City; J L Hanson, t\
Now llaven, and Abbott Davcreux, iiostoa, to ti
American Coal Co.
saile?. p
Sehr E Mervrin, Stonington, by American 11
Coal Co. T
4 xr i rpu 41- i%y
ou/ua xv. y .uergen, jousluxj, uuu j uw i ano.son,
Norfolk, by G Ilutton.
MEMORANDA. t)(
JBrig- R P Reynard, from Boston for this port, w
sailed from Vineyard Ilaven 6th. 01
Brig Open Sea, Coombs, from Boston for this ol
port, sailed from Vineyard Havon 7th. m
Schr Nathaniel Stevens, honeo, at Bath 5th.
i s r?S55B* -j. i y? tr
.11.1 ltlU ED. b(
At St. Paul's Church, in this city, this afternoon,
at o o'clock, by Rev. George H. Norton,
D.D., ALBERT DehBRISAY McLEOD, of
Baltimore, Md., toGEORGIE A., and LY'CUR- r
GUS E. UHLER, of this city, to ALICE,
daughters of Ed. S. Hough, esq., of Alexandria "y
[Baltimore papers ploaso copy.] i<
October 4th, 1871, at the residence of the bride's al
father, by Rev. E. B. McGuire, Col. FRED. N. C
W. 110LL1DAY, of Winchester, Virginia, to Miss
CARRIE C. STUART, daughter of Dr. P
R. H. Stuart, of Cedar Grove, King George co., p
Virginia. al
ci
DIED.
To-day, at one o'clock, Mrs. LUCY LYONS J
TURNER, relict of the late Henry S. Turner,
of Jefferson count}', W. Va., in the 82d year of m
her age. Jgrllcr funeral will take place on cr
Thursday morning, at half-past ten o'clock. The si
friends of tho family are invited to attend with- b;
nut further notice.?[Richmond Enquirer and ti
Cbarlcstown Spiiit of Jefferson please copy.]
In ihis citv, at 10:10 this morning, Mrs. o'
FRANCES J. T. GWIN. wife of D. 6. Gwin. A
^ar-Thc luneral services will be held at the Bap- si
tist CLurch, Washington street, at 11 o'clock to- te
morrow [Wednesday) morning. Tho friends and tb
acquaintances of tho family are invited to be w
present. U1
On the 9th ins* ant, at Sherwood, Fairfax co..
Va., ANN A MA RIA, daughter ox" Charles and
the late Ar.nu Eiiz:; Ballenger, aged 8 months.
F&r Her funeral will take place from her father's _
residence, or. Wednesday, the llt'n instant, at "ji
10 o'clock a. m. -1
This morning. October 10th, 1871, Mrs. ELIZ- c<
ABETI1 BIGGS, in the 57th year or her age. ?t
^fr-Funeral to-morrow afternoon at 3 p. m, 1
from her late residence, No. 42 norm Alfred St. 111
[Washington papers please copy.] a]
On Sundav, October 1st, at Albion, Stafford
county, near Fredericksburg. Va., JAMES
W1LJL.IAM, second son ot" William 11., and
Catharine C. Redwood, aged '2? years. rj?
*u la
SJPE(1*1 L VOTiCHS. jOu
Marriage.?Essays for Young Man on
great social evils and abuses, which interfere P'
with marringo, and ruin the happiness of thuus- w
ands?with suro means of relief for the erring
anil unfortunate, diseased and debilitated. Sout P1
in sealed letter envelopes, free of charge.
Address, HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2
south Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa.
Philadelphia, Pa., sep 2-dJfetw3m
Hntclselor'y Hair Dye.?This superb
Hair Dyo is the best in the World?Perfectly
Harmless, Reliable and Instantaneous. No dis-
appointment. No Ridiculous Tints, or Unplens- S
ant Odor. Thy genuine W. A. Batchelor's Hair
Dyo produces IMMEDIATELY a splendid
Biackor Natural Brown. Does not Stain the -i.
Skin, but loaves the Hair Clean, Soft and Beau- ~t
tiful. The only Safo and Perfect Dye. Sold by
all Druggists. Factory, 16 Bond at., Now York, f
New j. ork, jan 20?col y
KIif guh'es: t]:
KID GLOVES! J*1
dust received a large invoice of Kid Gloves of
di lie rent makes and prices?Alexander be Jouvin's
System Kid Gloves, ?l a pair; the Victoria
two button Kid Gloves, the best glove in the
market at the price, SI.50 a pair; also the H. S. j J"'
K. G., acknowledged to he the best glove im- a
ported?all colors and sizes, $2 a pair, bv
oct 9 __ C. C.J1KKRY,_72 Kmg>t.
QEWING MACHINE THREAD. V
w
Wheeler be Wilson, Grover Baker's, Sing- la
er's, Wilcox &Gibbs' and all the other lir&t-class m
Sewing Machines use our Clark's N. T. Spool lc
Cotton and Bidding Bros'. Sewing Silk. 'I hey c(
are recommended by tailors and muntua-makcrs.
liOBT. L. WOOD,
oct 9 No. 02 King street.
qatIns, silks! "velvets! velva-
O TEENS, LACES, Ac.?Just received in a
stock a large assortment of the above goods for 'r(
trimming and for the fall and winter seasons?to j
be sold at astonishingly low prices.
oct 9 C. C. BERRY, 72 King st.__ y
GLOVES! GLOVES!
The Grand Imperial is tho best DRESS I L
GLOVES imnorted for gentlemen. For sale in i n<
all sizes at GREEN'J> NOTJOX HOUSE, a(
oct 9 70 King street. ir
EDAM CHEESE for sale at 147 King street. G
oct 'J __ WM. F. BROOKES. la
O TICK. J
Steamers of the Potomac Ferry Company, foot
of King street, will make their hour- w j1
ly trips between Washington nnd
Alexandria, on and after October 1st, lbTJ, com f(
mencing at 7 a.m., and making last trip at 6 p.m f
S. s:H0W160N, lfl
sep 29?2w President Potomac Ferry Co. P
T^EAL AND IMITATION 1IAIR GOODs!
As varied an assortment of Ilair Goods as can i I
be found in any city is now exhibited, and will J V
bo sold 25 per cent cheaper than they can bo pur- 1
chased in anv other city, at
'GREEN'S NOTION HOUSE,
oct 0 7b King street. 1 C
WIN TE It U N D E R WE A R! I c
WINTER UNDERWEAR!
Large invoices just received. Great induce-
ments offered in variety. Prices ranging from j T
40e to $5 each, at i
GREEN'S NOTION HOUSE, I n
oct 4 76 King street, I _
T^NDERWEAiC i
U j k
Scotch Woo] and Meriuo Vests for gentlemen. I
aii sizes. j S
Ladies' Merino Vests and Drawers. j A
Misses' and Boys' Vests. w
A tine line of those stout, iron frame White j c:
Cotton Ho?e, both f<?r ladies and children. st
Gents' Brown Cotton Hair' superior .4
quality, for the fall and winter.
Children'- Fancy Wool Hose. j ~Z
Also. Gaiters, white and colored.
Tall colors in superior Fid Gloves; feiik",
Buck and other lined Glove?. Just received, j
sep SO J. 31. STEWART.
TUST OBEYED. j p
Black and Colored Popiins and EpiDgeiincs, -j
in all the various shade?.
Black English Bombazines. Keps.
black and other color?. C
French Sattines. in black, :;;nro- a. Ku\ green k
and all the variou.- shade?.
3-4 Black DeLair.es, tine quality j d
Splendid line of Black AlpacasT C
31ohairs, Plaids, White Alpacas, and a great u
variety of DRESS GOODS of commoner fabrics, j
sop So J. 31. STEWART.
g T E A 31" S A Willi, LTulTS A L E. j _
Rare chance for making money. 31ILL in i J
complete order. l.OOO.nOO feet oflurabrr to ?a\v, I a
from the sawing of which more than sufficient'
can be cleared to pay for the mill. For terms or j
any other information, apply to Judge C. E. j
SINCLAIR. 3In:i.ifcsas Junction, Prince Wil- \J
iiarn county, or S. C. HALL, Castleman's Ferry,
Ciarice county. Yti. oct 9-eotNl i
O ARDIN ES, is and is. for sale at I-17 King st.
O oct 9 W. P. BROOKES
7ERTISER.
JIUCTlO.V8.1LES.
rRUSTEE'S SALE.?In pursuance of a deed
of trust from "Richard H. Carter to me,
ntcd Noromber 22d, 1860, duly recorded in the
lerk's offico of the Countv Court of Fauquier,
>r purposes therein recited, nnd at the request of
iid Carter, I -will offer at public sale, to the
ighest bidder, on the 13th DAY OF NOYEMEK,
1871. in the town of Upporville. Fauquier
unity. Vn., in front of Law's Hotel, 243?
.CUES OF LAND, lying near the railroad,
L-tween Rectortown ana Salem, ndjoining other
nd of said Carter,also the lands of Jeffries, Utrback
and "VVni. Cocke. The samo being a
art of the farm of. said Carter, called "Grassnd."'

It is a very desirable farm, of compact form,
oil wooded and watered, finely adapted to
rasa and the production of wheat and corn?in
good and healthy neighborhood, and not more
inn two miles from the-depot. It has on it about
vo miles of stone foncing.
The improvements consist of two LOG^
DWELLINGS?one new, a itable, corn
ouso and smoke house.
Terms: J3y direction of the parties interested,
am authorized to sell this farm for one-third
ish and the residue on a credit of one, two,
iree nnd four years. The deferred payments to
aar interest from day of salo, for which bonds
ill be roquirod, to be secured by deed of trust
a the premises, and providing for the payment
Lho interest on each deferred payment anually.
JOHN A. CARTER. Trusteo.
I will convoy such title as is vested in mo as
usteo, but it is regarded as unquestionable, and
ssidos the grantor will unito with me in a deed
?the purchaser. J. A. 0.
Fauquier cointty, oct 6?2awis
By L. I>. Harrison, Auctioneer.
iALE OF SEVEN ACRES OF VERY
J VALUABLE LAND, NEAR COLROSS.
Yill bo sold on THURSDAY, October 19th, at
i o'clock m., in front of tho Mayor's office,
bout seven acres of very valuable LAND, noar
olross, and adjoining tho land of P. Rotchford
-a portion lying within the Corporation limits,
artics wishing to examine tho boundaries will
lease call on L. D. Harri^m, No. 18 north Roy.
street. Title clear and indisputable. Terms
ish. oct 6-td
OT FOR SALE.
_J
By virtue of a deed of trust from Henry Colaan,
dated the 5th day of April, 1870, and re?
J J? KIxa** A X" A fW 1 \r\ 10S rlin nni^p.r
gned, trustee therein named, -will offer for *ale,
y- public auction, for cash, on SATURDAY,
io 4th day ot .November nest, in front of the
[ansion llouse, in the city of Alexandria, at 12
clock m., a LOT OF GltOUis D, in the city of
.lexandria, commencing at a point on the north
de of Wilkes street 71 feet to the east of the inrsection
of West and Wilkes streets, running
isnce east 35 feet; thence north 100 leet; thence
of 35 feet; theneo south 100 feet to the beginh.b.
There is a FRAME TENEMENT^
i said lot nearly completed. Stamps and
mvevancing at the cost of the" purchaser.
W ARTHUR TAYLOR,
oct2-lawts ,r
t ARKE'x FARM FOR SALE.?? aZTt
TJL to a decree of the County Court of Fairfax
)unty. rendered at its May term, 1S71, in the
lit of .7 >seph Bruin use C. L. Mankms against
nomas Javins the undersigned, the Comlissioners
therein named, will offer at public
iction on SATURDAY. Sept. 30, at 12 m., at
att's Tavern, West End, that highly cultivated
id valuable MARKET FARM, belonging to,
id now in possession of. Thomas Javins, oonining
57j! acres of land lying nu the Little River
urnpiko, about 2 miles west of Alexandria. The
nd is highly improved with good buiidings.nnd
a most desirable farm.
Terms of sale: Cash, so mueh as will pay cx?nses;
residue upon a credit of 1,2, and 3 years,
ith interest, to be secured by bonds, with
lud security and a deed of trust upon tho
remises. C. W. WATTLES.
D. L. SMOOT.
II. W. THOMAS,
Fairfax county, sep 2?lawts Comm'r*.
^irTho above sale is postponed until the 6th
AY OF NOVEMBER first day of Circuit
ourt, at Fairfax Court llousc.
Fairfax county, sep 30-1 awts
^ALE OF A SMALL FARM', NEAR CEN}
TREVILLE, FAIRFAX COUNTY, VA.
ho undersigned, trustee; will sell, in front of
io Court House of Fairfax county, on MONDAY",
the l(3th day of October, 1871, at twolvo
clock m. of that day, all that TRACT OF
AND conveyed to* the undersigned bydeed
om E. S. Plummer, dated February 1st, 1805,
l trust, to socuro a dobt in said deed mentioned,
io said tract of land being situated near Centroillc,
within tho said county of Fairfax, and
mndod as follows, to wit:
Beginning at A, on tho north side or t.'ieoid
>ud, nrul running with said road N. S2i?, W.
12 tiole?, N. 72Jtf 86 nolos thenco leaving said
>uu N. 42? "W. 20 poles, crossing a branch to
rgo rod oak corner to this lot, and Daniel Tnyir
and Thomas Tavlor; thenco with Daniel
aylor's lino N. GTi3 K. 122 poles to planted
one corner, also to Wlialey's; thenco with
ifhaley's line N. 115? E. 2tJ poles to IX; thenco
ith line of this lot and Mrs. Morris or McLean's
,nd S. 791? E. 90 poles, passing an anciently
larked lino tree; thenco with another line of said
its S. 31? W. 84 polos 14 links to tho beginning,
nitaining 91 acres, 3 roods and 12 poles.
Terms cash. II. O. CLAUGIITOX, Trustee.
.Fairfax Court House, sop 10-eots
COMMISSIONER'S SALE OF VALUJ
ABLE FAIRFAX LAXIX- By virtue of
decree of tho Circuit Court of Fairfax county,
indorod at its .Tuno term, 1871, in tho causo of
W. Farr vs. J. E. Recside, tho undersigned,
ommissioner, will sell, at public auction, on
LOXDAY, October Kith, 1871, Court day, in
ont of the Court House of said cmnty. a VaLABLE
TRACT OF LAND lying half a mile
ortheast of Drancsrille, on War Ion's old road,
ij ining Jones, Raid and Carper, and contaitig
1S81 acres being well wooded and watered
id with good and new fencing, and has on it a
00D HOUSE, containing four rooms, and a
irgo shed for stable and barn, now occupied by
ames \V. Farr.
Terms: One-tenth ca*h; tho residue in three
}unl instalments at six. twelve and eighteen
lonths, with interest; tho deferred payments to
e secured by tho bonds of the purchaser, and
itentionof tnc title till the last payment is made,
nd the cash payment to he forfeited, and the
md resold on lailure of the purchaser to cora|y
with the terms of sale.
M. DULANY BALL.
Fairfax co., sep 16-lnwts Cora, of Sale.
STN T L E M~~E N S COO D~.
JT
FINE SUITINGS.
The jnost_ choice selection of fine FANCY
ASSIMERES wf have ever naa.
Superior Black French Cloths and rich Doc
kin Cassi meres.
Heaver Cloths and Over-Coating*.
We continue to keep a full line of Tailors' j
rimming*, and have arranged to have goods j
lade up in the best style.
oct 4 ROBT. L. WOOD, j
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
The regular ANNUAL 3IEETING of the
tockhoidors of the ALEXANDRIA ?Dd
WASHINGTON RAILROAD CO MR AN V
ill be held at the oificu of the Company, in Alsomdria,
Va.. corner of King aim St. Asaph
r. .s at 12 m., on MONDAY, October :&d. j
D. 1871. WALTER LENOX,
oct o-td Secretary.
5TlNTS. OILS AND VARNISHES
Lewis' Pur-. Mi. cissippi Valley Zmc J.\?, j
lesurgam ::nd Phoi ix Leads; Colors of a.;. J
ind3. Raw and Boiled Linseed Oil, Spirits Tur- J
emiae, Zinc and Patent Dryers, Varnishes,
:c., for ?ale low as tney can he purchased in,
re city, by COOK CKEIGHTON,
oct 5 107 King street.
N PICES! SPICEnI j
We Lave jt?st rt-. cived .1 large lot of SPICES,
;c, consisting in part of Ch.ve-s, Nutmeg*,
ireen Ginger,"Wholeand Gronud Penper, Mustrd,
Alispiee, Mace, Cinnamon, White and
Hack Mustard Seed. Celery Seed, Turmeric,Ac.
COOK A CKEIGHTON,
oct 5 107 King street.
B~ OYS' AND YOUTH 6~DKESS SHOES7
A good stock of Dew styles, of fine quality,
t low price*.
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
PRlirFLOT OF TIMOTHY SEED, in
i\- store arnl for sale at 2(Jl King street,
oct 6?2m ALGLSTUS ALL.
tt?~ANTED~100tona of RYE STRAW at
V\ 201 Kingstrret
oot C?2m AUGUSTUS WALL.
t'CTrffJS" KJt EES.
Ala kg k and v a lt a ble farm, ix
FAIRFAX CO., NEAR THE CITY OF
ALEXANDRIA, FOR SALE.?By virtue of a
decree of the Circuit Court for the county of
Fairfax, rendered in'tho suit of Mason vs. 'Mason
and others', the undersigned, commissioners,
will sell, on SATURDAY, the 11th day of November
next, at 12 o'clock in., in front of tlm
Mansion House Hotel, in tne city of Alexandria,
that VALUABLE FARM, in the county ot
Fairfax, within a few miles of the.city of Alexandria.
well known as tho estate of the late Dr.
R. (J. Mason. This desirablo farm contains 771
acres, 2 roods and 20 poles. The soil is very fertile,
a portion of ft being rich meadow land. The
farm is delightfully situated in an excellent
neighborhood, and adjoining "Huntley" and
other lands: in a high state of cultivation. The
farm has been divided into three tracts, and will
bo sold as a whole or subdivided to suit purchasers.
Terms: One-fourth of the purchase money t??
bo paid in cash, and the residue in three equal
instalments at 6, 12 and lb months, with interest
from the day of sale; the deferred payments to
be secured by the notes of tho purchaser, satisfactorily
endorsed, and tho title to be retained
until the purchase money is fully paid. Stamps
and conrcvancing at tho expenseof the purchaser.
li. O. CLAUGHTON,
M. D. BALL, Comm'rs.
Fairfax county, oct 9-2awis
Washington street lots for
SALE.?The Vestry of Christ Church
will offer for sale by auction, on SATURDAY,
the 14th inst., at 12 o'clock m.,several BUILDING
LOTS on Washington street, part of the
ground attached to tho Rectory. A plat will bd
shown at the sale. Terms: One-third cash, the
residue in two equal payments at six and twelve
months from tho day of sale, bearing interest.
E. C. FLETCHER,
R. JOHNSTON,
oclo?ootd "Wardens.
COMMISSIONERS' SALE.?In execution
a decreoeof the County Court of Prince William
County, rendered on the Sth day of August,
1S7I. in the suit of James E. Uerroif plaintiff y?
O., A. d;M. R. R. Company, the under signed will
offer for sale, at public auction, on TH JKSDAY.
26th day of October next at eleven o'clock, a;
m.,at Gainesville Depot, that valuable TRACT
or .PARCEL of LAND, adjacent to the taid
Depot, between tho II ay market Turnpiko and
the O., A. M. li. it., oontaintng Dy recent
survey 15? acres, and now in the occupation of
James E. Herrell aforesaid.
The improvement* consist of a substantial, weil
finished, and convenient dwelling hou.?e, (45 oy
25 feet; fronting the Thoroughfare Turnpike, and
about 300 yards from Gainesville Depot, lately
built, at a oost of $4,500; two dories and ba>??ment;
it contains 4 rooms, i.n. basement; 4 room?
besides a large nail, on :n? first 3our; 5 rooms
and 2 good sized iinon, closets, on the k-couo
door: n e place, or arrangement for s voo, in
every room but one; a nandsome elicit* ?1 porr'o
c otub.-i in front, and large bay window, in tho
oouihern end; an excellent well of pure soil
water, in bH?.-k yard; convenient outbuildings,
und about 75 choice, young fruit frees, upon tee
premises. t.:?
Terms: One-tenth of the purchase money to
be paid in casb; the remainder, in two svmetns
at one and two years, f* utile day
eale; tne delorred payments to b.*;?r in tore::", to
be secured by the bonus of iln. u re baser, with
good surety, and retention ot ink-to the land
until said payments are made in full; and ths
land to be resold, at tne risk of the purcoase.-.
upon failure to comply with tho tonus of sale.
l'ers.ms desiring to examine tiie property, aro
referred to Mr. Herrell, who can always be found
upon tbo premises, and will be glad to show
them. LA WHENCE B. TAYLOK.
C1IAS. K. SINCLAIR,
sop 23?cots Commissioners.
COMMISSIONER'S SALE OF VALUABLE
REAL ESTATE IN FAIRFAX
COUNTY.?By virtue of a decree of the Circuit
Court of Fairfax county, pronounced at the June
torm, 1800, iu the suit of Grady's administrator
vs. James J. Love and others, the undersigned,
commissioner, in said decree named,
will, on MONDAY, the Oth day of November,
1871, that being Circuit Court day, oiler for sale,
to the highest bidder, heforo the door of tinCourt
House of Fairfax county, at 12 o'clock in.,
that valuable TRACT OF LAND, lying on the
Gormantown road, in suid county, about four
miles west of Vienna station, and on which Mr.
Sinklleld resides, containing 438 ACRES. Thi?
land is improved by a now FRAME DWELLING,
with other buildings; has an abundance
of wood, is finely watered, and thc.-Qsilu.
soil susceptible of easy and rapid improvement
Terms: One-tenth of tho purchase money in
hand on the duy of sale, liable to bo forfeited
should tho purchaser fail to complete his pur1
b aa??.? I
cnase; me resiuuu in uumi ojuui luouiaiwnn,
payable at six, twelve and eighteen months, with
interest from the day of sale, to bo secured by
tho notes of the purchaser, and tho titlo t>> be retained
until the last payment is made. Stamps
and deed at the cost of tho purchaser.
MATTHEW HARRISON, Com. of Sale.
Fairfax county, sop *2T-wts
QERGEANT'S SALE.?By virturo of an ??rO
dor issued by tho Corporation Court of the
City of Alexandria, at tho Julv term. Ib7), and
to ino directed in the caso of Samuel P. Thompson
vs. John C. McCracken, 1 will sell at public
auction in front of tho premises on THURSDA Y
tho Oth day of November, lfrwl, at 1 o'clock
1'. M., all the right, titio and interest (the same
being tho fee simple estato suhjoot to tho life interest
of his wife Mary McCracken) of tho said
John C. McCracken, in tho BRICK. A.?-?;
DWELLING and LOT, occupied by Jig,
U.M. Monroe, situated in tho city of Alexandria,
on the cast sido of Water street, botwecn King
and Frinco streets, to tho highest biddor.
Terms cash. J. M. STEUART,
sep 21?eots Sergeant.
QERGEANT'S SALE.?By virtue of an or-1?
-?""J V.., pAtMxAixihiMs f ^Aiirf nt* tlui
u t" 1 ixkuuu uj hl'j v/''4 pwl ubiv/il \yvi?i w vmu
city of Alexandria, at tho July term, 1871, and
to me directed, in tho case of Geo. L. Scaton vs.
J. G. VerPlanck, 1 will sell, at public auction,
in front of tbo premises, on THURSDAY, the
9th da}' of November, 1871, at 12 o'clock m., all
the right, titlo and interest of the said J. G. VerPlanck,
in the BRICK DWELLING and *3$
IjOT occupied by G. W. CiitTord, situated.#*!^
in tho city of Alexandria, on the west .side ot
Water street, between King and Princo, to the
highest bidder. Terms ensn.
sep 21-cots .J. 31. STEITART, Sergeant.
JJ4UTZ SCHNEIDER'S RESTAURANT*
Having taken charge of my place, No. 11.1
King street, I respectfully invite my friends and
the public generally to call.
OYSTERS served in every style.
Choice NORFOLK OYSTERS received regularly
by the Lady of the Lake.
Nothing but tho choicest served at my place.
s?p 28-im'* FRJTZ Si '1/X KI OrlIt.
DANFORIYTT"Pr K K N<J-EXPLOSiVE
FLUID.
Just received a lu-su supply of Danf<?rth'f
Pure Non-Explosive F.u:d, wn.ch is d> nh-.l v
the safest, Clean**?: and j?roduc-n tho must or.liiant
light I have eve. ecu :n the lino of or
fluids. it is perfectly hurmless. and can ie- u.-ed
with old burners. .1. Y. siihRWOoh,
oct 3 Corner Queen and St. A-m-h sts.
IT y~If7)tel "property i-'Oif RENTf
This vale able and extensive properly b -Tug
oa Royal .uiueroii and Put streets, wm uo *u*
rent ftoiu the iir?: day of January iwx the
st ibles will he rented separate.}*. Appi.
oct 9 V? >i. H. iKIN.
MISS?S'~FANCY COLORED BOOTS, ia
new styles and colors; a great variety,
handsome and cheap. Also Hiscea Broadvay
unr\ Ti.ilpt Rhnners. at
e?p 21 WADDEY'S, 74 ivmr:
rr /TBBLS~N ipofu7MA^ iiEkkING
Ov and 2U half bbis Family live Herr.ug,
carefuliv selected and packed i??r ur own trade.
For .-al J by A VE K Y A I) A V1 DSuN,
ocz 2 22'i King St., or. Alfred.
E~ CLXRK'aXjiloyxTr Eiri/Iiiu L D
BONK, r\z*i of the best Fertilizers now ;.-t
use, ?00 P<-r to.., 2.000 lbs., for =a'- by
W. H. SMITH CO..
oct 6 Under Mansion llou.-o
T^OWS, CATTLE and_HO KSESwel 1 taken'
\y care of, and grazed by the day, week or
month. Apply to
ALEXANDER HUNTER,
oct G-Gt Abington, A. A \Y. K. 11.
"A PPLES.?100 barrel"SE LErCIEb~ A FA
PLES received this dav and f>?r sale bv
V/. H. riMlTlI A CO.,"
oct C Under Mansion ll<>u-.e.
V'avT*BEANS, for sale by
-a> oct 6 J. "C. MIL BURN.
XJKW STYLES LADIES' GAITERS at
-i-a acp 21 "W A DDE Y'S, 74 King street.

I
I
4J5,j