Official City and County Paper
HSIoXrI
TIME; TABLE.
Trains lea* daily each end of th* rout© ©x©p.
Sundays as follows
Leave Sheboygan. Pass. 7:15, a. m. Mixed 2:45, P. M
Arrive, F. du Lac 9:30 ki 4
EciiTe F. du Lac 8:10, .m. 8:150
Arrive, Slieb’gu 10:25 s:4fr
T. STRONG Sup't.‘
PER S OATS having advertisements
intended for insertion in the ensuing
number of the TRIBLAB, tv ill jplease
hand in their favors previous to next
Wednesday, neon.
Local and Miscellaneous
If you want all the news of the country,
subscribe for the Tribune.
Ladifs Go and see-those new styles
of shoes and gaiters at Ryder’s.
Tnr level of water in the lakes is low
er at present than at any time within the
past twenty-three years.
The Concert of the Ladies’ Society at
the Presbyterian churh, netted the hr nd
serae sum of $56.82.
Farmers should enlarge their orchards
more extensively. The best of apples,
and other fruit, is grown in this county.
There were twenty-eight sail vessels
in our harbor during the storm last Sun
day. Also one steamer, and two pro
pellers.
One of the choppers on the line of
the A. N. L. R. R. had the misfortune
to break 9 leg by a tree falling on him,
about a idle above Brillion, one day last
week.
Communicated.
The Ladies Relief Society will meet
at Mrs. T. Windiate’s, Thursday, Nov,
16th, by order of the President Mrs. T.
C. Shove.
Have you seen to your cellars and
root houses? Winter is near at band
and the cold snaps will pierce through all
unperceived crevices.
Libeled. —The wreck of the schooner
Ban Tindall, now lying in Manitowoc
haibor, with the cargo of lumber remaia
in the hold, has been attached for a sal
vage claim of $5,000. Mil. Sentinel.
Governor Faircho) has appointed
the same day with the President for
Thanksgiving, Nov. 30th. Let us all
try to comply with this double,, invita
tion turkey or no turkey.
Our harbor dredge has oeen laid up
for the season, as the most necessary work
has been accomplished and the inclem
eney of the weather makes it too expen
sive for the city to keep her employed
any lenger.
Xl would be a blessed thing if the side
walks of the city could be put upon uni
form grade. In half the cases no atten
tion is paid to the established survey, in
laying down the plank.
Real Estate is changing hands at
increased rates our improvements and
favorable prospects are increasing so
rapidly, that we would advise all who
contemplate locating here permanently,
to not delay any longer in securing real
property,
Mrs. Hoes has safely returned with
her children from a visit to her many
friends in the east; and our Ladies So
ciety* feels already the increase of useful
ness and beneficieat influence of her
presence.
It is expected that hay will bring high
prices before next spring on account of
so much having been shipped during the
summer and fall. It is plenty in this
county, however, but is scarce in the
northeastern part of the State.
Mr. Louis Simon has moved his store
into the building formerly occupied by
Mr. Plate, and has fixed it up in good
style in preparation for the holydays.—
He will advise his friends in anew ad
vertisement next week. Give him a call.
Mu. Alonzo Carey of Clarks Mills
tells us that he has made fruit-growing
a perfect success, and is increasing his
orchard largely svery year, we hope that
in a few years our county will be inde
pendent of foreign markets.
The cigar factory of Levy F, Cambpel
has been removed to the former stand of
Mr. Louis Simon, corner of 7th and York
street. Wc bespeak a kindly support
for that establishment as its loss at the
late fire must have been very severe.
They make splendid cigars.
The Dexter Hook and Ladder Com
pany, of Two Rivers, will celebrate their
fourth semi-annual ball at the Turner
ballon Wednesday, Nov. 29. Tickets
50ets. We predict a crowded house and
lots of enjoyment. Manitowoc will cer
tainly not fail to be strongly represented.
The schooner Bride in trying to come
into port last Sunday morning, mistook
the south pier for one of the harbor piers,
and got into the breakers before perceiv
ing the mistake. She would have pound
ed to pieces in a little while, if our tug
had not come to the rescue and brought
her safely into port.
Mr. Carus, whose moving into his
new store was rather earlier and, on ac
count of the fire, a great deal more sud
den then he expected, was treated to a
splendid serenade by the brass band of
Prof. Biding, on last Saturday eve.
The music there produced was most ex
cellent
No Sore Clothing Xeodfd,
To the People of the United States
Madison, Wis., Nov. S. —The Relief
Coraiuittaas inform me thnt the supply
of clothing on hand, in transit and
ready for shipment, will be sufficient for
the sufferers by fire in this State.
No further contributions of this kind
are needed now. Your generosity has
comfortably clothed the needy for the
winter. They would not tax your liber
ality a moment longer than necessary,
and gratefully thank you for your liberal
and tioAty aid,
Lucius Fairchild,
Governor of Wisconsin.
TALES OUT OF SCHOOL.
Ed. Tribune.—Shebygan Gossip came
home as proud as an urchin ia red-topped
boots, and made several wonderful little
declarations, aaent only for our private
ear, else we would favor you with them.
It said nothing detrknental of you—good
Tribune—hal we premised “pon honor”
not to tell; so we must hold the bag fast
or puss will expose in spite of us.
HaHow-een has lately passed over our
head, and we must not be expected to
write with our usual fluency; the night
when the witches and goblins are about
on their baneful midnight errands, and all
the wonderful aerial people hold a grand
anniversary on terra firma. Of course
we tried all the rules in the old maid’s
creed tu> catch a glimpse of a wonderful
“somebody we Haw not yet sufficient
ly recovered from the numerous “scares”
we have received in the ‘spooky’ darkness
nor from our terrible disappointments to
enable us to canvass the subject with any
degree of complacency. We cannot but
own that our dreadful “backward” march
into the cellar was fraught with no other
result than a bumped head and a couple
of very undignified inclinations nor that
the only visage which our mirror reflect
ed, as we tremblingly awaited a revela
tion, was the fatherly countenance of an
old rat vewing us with surprised eyes
over the edge of the potato-bin Ah,
well; “alias weii that ends well!” say
the prophets.
The laj’ing of gas mains in our city has
been the cause of severalmissteps among
the night promenaders. A devoted pair
returning from a late party on an intense
ly shady night, made some Jeep and
rather startling researches into the exca
vations along their way. We learn that
their love for mineralogy is somewhat on
a decrease. They declare such street
blockades a public nuisance, and wish
their early remoral. “Mistakes will
happen in the best of families
A young man attended one of our
church tea-drinkings lately, with a de
cidedly “coming” appetite thereupon
a creaky-voiced old maid pronounced him
possessed of certain porcine qualities
rather disturbing the young man’s equi
librium of mind. The young man con
siders “church socials” a bore, and an
infliction on a community. In the case
ot the maiden in question, we think the
sharp edges of her tongue need dulling.
A first class scissor-grinder would not be
a loser by applying for the situation.
Moral young men,always partake unspar
ingly in the culinary department before
making your appearance at a church
society. Ancient maids remember this
“men are only boys grown tall!”
Sheboygan has had an elopement in
“high life” lately. Now, we don’t in
tend to be proud over this acquirement
in the annals of our quiet neighborhood,
but it is impossible for us not to feel a
little citified. The occurance was so ro
mantic Running away in an open bug
gy, with the rain pouring down like a
hydrant with the faucet turned, does not
happen every day. you know. Different
individuals have different ideas in regard
to matrimony some like one way and
sume like Others and (will someone
kindly hold the smelling bottle to Mrs.
Grundy’s nose, the dear old lady is so
easily effected this being a free country,
the why and wherefore are forgone con
clusions.
The “thread of our verbosity” is now
snapped asunder,forbearing reader. Yet,
ore we an quite forgotten, we hope to
get the two ends tied together as good as
ever. Brooks.

THE GREAT CHICAGO FIRE.
Elsewhere in our columns will be seen
an advertisement of anew publication
published by the Union Publishing Cos.,
being a complete picture of Chicago be
fore and after the Great Conflagratioc-
The authors embrace the best talent the
city affords; Mr. Upton being the Liter
ary Editor of the Chicago Tiibune, and
Mr. Theahan, the editor, each-with his
part to perform, is sufficient evidence
that the work will be done well, and not
too hastily. In this respect, this book
will be far ahead of anything that has,
or will appear, and all who want a cor
rect History, will find in this something
that they can hand down to future gen
erations.
The work will be fully illustrated by the
best artists, to which will be added a cor
rect Map of the City, and mechanically,
as well as historically, the book will be
second to none.
Our readers will find something in this
without doubt, that will interest them,
and also be beneficial. We bespeak for
this book, a sale, both home and abroad,
fully as large as an American book can pos
sibly obtain. 30-2 t.
The ladles of the Eyiscopal Church
are to have a grand festival at the
Wiudiate House, on next Thursday, No
vember 23d. They will prepare refresh
ments, delight their friends with excel
lent music, and offer them the pleasure
of a social dance and a good time gen
erally’. And now with all these attrac
tions we only wonder who will not be
there. Our Episcopal ladies have been
very quiet for some time but now appear
to come out again in all their strength
of purpose and ability. They will be
encouraged heartily and materially to
their entire satisfactions.
Slovanska Lips hall is to witness
another great excitement next Saturday
evening by the appearance of W. H.
Habenicht, a late member of the Royal
theatre at Dresden and Prague, in the
principal character of the grand tragedy,
entitled “Narcis.” We can easily pre
dict that the house will be crowded, for
where the usual performances are always
highly satisfactory and well patronized,
such an additional inducement as the ap
pearance of an artist like W. H. Hab
enicht, cx. mot help to fill the hall to over
flowing. Lei none fail to put in their
appearance.
Fire. —The ruins of the burned build
ings were still smoking, when on Thurs
day afternoon our citizens were again
alarmed to witness and aid in the quench
ing of the burning building of Mr, N. 1
Giibeit, on the corner of Main and Buf
falo streets. The fire appeared to have
started in the roof near the chimney.—
The firemen, not yet rested from their
previous exertion, and with their appar
atus partially, still at the last scene of
their successful efforts could not appear
as promptly and efficiently as in the
morning of the same day, and were by
several other causes hindered to prevent
the almost total consumption of the
dwelling, or to* avoid the partial destruc
tion of the barn of Mr. Gilbert, although
they were successful in saving all the
adjoiningbuildings, with the very mate
rial aid of hundreds of our citizens, and
the bucket company formiug long rows,
passing buckets to and from the endan
ered buildings. The cause of the fire is
inexplicable,, the loss to Mr. Gilbert is
fatal, he being without insurance, and
cannot be less than three thousand dol
lars. Still, owing to the material aid of
our noble hearted citizens, and the furth
er promise of many of his friends of
further assistance in material and labor.
Mr. Gilbert has already undertaken to
commence the erection of another build
ing, which he hopes to Ik. able to occupy
before New Years. We sincerely wish
he may accomplish bis object, as there
is hardly a more deserving man in oui
community, and we bespeak for him* all
the material aid which he is still to hope
for, and without which it will bo utterly
impossible for him to succeed.
And right here we want to mention,
that there are others in our county
were completely impoverished by the
late fires in the woods, who are entitled
to aid from our benevolent societies, as
much as any other sufferers outside of
Manitowoc county, and who have been
abundantly provided for. There is one
that we heard of, a Mr. Schmidt, who
had not a mouthful of bread or a bed or
a stove or any clothing for himself or
family left after the fire, and who was
paid the paltry sum of five dollars to
help himself with a man by the name
of Kose’ka residing in the town of MLsh
icott, in lake destitute circumstances, did
not get any thing, while thousands of
dollars were sent north from Manitowoc
to help others, and where, as wo have
stated before, one Belgian losing but a few
fencerails received supplies amounting
to some four hundred dollars.
Our ladies have done most nobly in
working for the destitute, our citizens
have contributed with great liberality to
alleviate the sufferings of the berieved,
and we believe, it is only necessary to be
known here, to see the wrong done to
our own inhabitants retrieved in a man
ner as honorable to ourselves as it will be
satisfactory to our destitute fellow citi
zens.
Littell’s Living Age. —The latest
weekly numbers of this periodical con
tains the following among other valuable
and important articles: Suppressed and
censured books, Edinburgh Review
Early English Literature, Westminister
Review A Mahometan Revival, Corn
hill Magazine A Victim of Paris and
Versailles, Macmillan’s Magazine; Spain,
Her Social Condition, Cornhill Magazine;
Opening of the Mont Cenis Tunnel, Na
ture Oliver Van Noort, Cornhill Mag
azine English Republicanism, Exam
iner; Bonapartism in France, Pall Mall
Gazette Wyatt’s Poems, Athenaeum
Home Rule in Austria, Pall Mall Ga
zette The Thistle (a poem), Fortnight
ly Review; Scientific Use of the Mont
Cenis Tunnel, Nature; continuations of
the stories of ‘'Patty” “The Maid of
Sker,” “Hannah,” by the author of
“John Halifax, Gentleman,” “Wilfred
Cumbermede,” by Geo. Macdonald, etc.
besides poetry and numerous short arti
cles, The subscription price of the Liv
ing Age is $8 a year, or for $lO any one
of the the American $4 magazines is
sent with the Living Age for a year.—
Littell Gay, Boston, Publishers.
O. F. P-ELIEF. —The Odd Fellows of
Cincinnati have sent the following goods,
all new, for distribution, among the Odd
Fellows who have suffered by the late
fires in this vicinity. The goods are in
charge of Mr. W. Reynolds, who will dis
tribute them 50 mattresses, 100 pillows,
100 blankets, 50 bedsteads, 200 chairs,
50 wooden buckets, 50 washboards, 50
clothes lines and boxes of clothes pins,
50 tin buckets, 50 washtubs, 60 brooms,
50 sauce pans, 25 doz. tin cups, 25 doz.
each tea and table spoons, 50 doz. knives
and forks, 35 doz. dinner plates, 35 doz.
cups and saucers, 50 scrub brushes, 6
boxes of soap, 6 do. candles, 100 men’s
under shirts, 2 doz. axes, 2 doz. saws, 1
doz. saws.
The Odd Fellows of the State of Wis
consin, have raised $5,000 to rebuild and
furnish the Lodge at Pesbtigo. and funds
will probably be raised to assist the Lodge
at Marinette and Mcnekaune.— Greet i
Bay Advocate.

The ladies society of the First Pres
byterian church, has kindly consented to
grant the general request for a repeti
tion of the last concert. The singers
however piopose to have several new
prices, and can therefore not fix the ex
act time yet for the next performance.
If possible it will be a week from to
morrow, Nov. 24. Due and timely no
tice will be given and a most numerous
attendance is requested.
The young folks social party at
Klingholtz’s Hall on last Friday evening
was well attended and all present appear
ed to enjoy themselves to their hearts
content, for most all of them proved
themselves very graceful dancers, and
the supper, prepared by Mrs. Mensch,
was all that could be wished for. We
would not wish to mar their innocent en
joyment in the least, but onlj’ kindly ad
monish them, that the mind ought to be
improved as well, and that now is the j
time for them to do so. 1
A CARR.
My most heartfal thanks to all who
have so kindly I bravely aided me in
saving my goods daring the fire on the
9th inst., and also to the brave firemen
ofourerty. through whose energy and
activity the great danger in wbich my
property was then placed, was averted.
F. Cards.
Mrs. F- A. Logah of New Yoik City,
will leetnre in our city on Tuesday even
ing. Ncv. 21, on Woman’s Rights. She
is well recommended as a fine speaker by
the leading periodicals and various li
brary. societies, and as the subject of
Woman’s rights has not Seen.lectured
on publicly, the fair lady will be well pat
ronized by our community.
Are we to have a Skating Rink?
That’s the question, whether it is nobler
to suffer and run the risk of a cold 90°
bath while attempting to enjoy ourselves
on the river, in this delightful exercise,
or will we have a skating-rink and insure
our safety the coming winter? It is now
high time that this subject was exercised
if anything is to be done in Manitowoc.
a--W—•
No subscriber to a newspaper can he
perfectly happy without paying up all
arrearages and at least one year in ad
vance. If you wish to’ enjoy life in its
full extent attend to this matter at
Now is the accepted time, and delays
are dangerous. You can not only make
yourself happy in tbisjway bak cause the
printer to rejoice also.
Can we not an ange a course ot lec
tures by home talent in our city for the
approaching winter We have the ma
terial, let us try to apply it. What say
our ministers, Col. Walker, and our
many bright young lawyers, teachers and
students? Will our Library Association
take the matter in hand?

The steamer Manitowoc came here on
last Monday night, and after landing all
her furniture, carpets etc., at Goodrich’s
dock, went up to Rand’s shipyard, where
she will undergo whatever repairs may
be deemed necessary. We can feel as
sured that under the Commodore’s su
pervision she will come out next spring
as good as new, and perhaps better than
she ever has been before.
We are informed that the Sheboygan
and Fond du Lac R. R. Cos. expect soon
to submit a proposition for aid to the
people of Grand Rapids, and that if
sufficient aid is voted, the road will be
pushed on to that place in the spring.—
It would doubtless disgust certain vil
lages, which we have in' mind, if She
boygan should after all become the ter
minus of the Land Grant road. Stranger
things have come to pass.— Sheboygan
Herald.
m
Harper Brothes advertise their peri.
odicals—the Magazine, Monthly and
Bazar —in this issue. All of them are
among the best edited and best illustra
ted publications ki America and hardly
need any special recommendation. Those
who have subscribed for them before,
will certainly do so again, and any others
wishing to obtain them, can do so by
paying us $5.25, which will secure either
one of the periodicals for one year, to
gether with the Tribune. tf.
The two new first class passenger loco
motives for our Western road, named
the “Jacob Lueps” and “Richmond;”
the first in honor of our own fellow citi
zen, who has sacrificed energy and wealth
for our Western road, ever sinee it was
undertaken the other in honor of the
present Mayor of Appleton, the staunch
supporter and faithful friend of the same
enterprise, have reached Sheboygan, and
the first named will be put onto a scow
and towed here as soon as wind and
weather will permit, while the second is
to remain for the present on the Lake
Shore road, to be employed on the con
struction train, until the new locomotive
for that road is completed and delivered.
Mr. Carls his sold his old establish
ment to Mrs. Fiker, who is now remodel
ing the same in good style, having a
new front put in, the store extended etc.
etc—for the purpose of occupying it her
self as soon as it is finished. She has a
large stock of ladies fixings of all discrip
tions entirely past our conception, which
she offers for sale cheap before removing
to the new establishment. Ladies please
call.
Mr. Jennison of Two Rivers gave us
a friendly call last Monday; he states
that the chair and pail factories there are
unable to fill half ths orders on hand,
although the works are drive to their ut
most capacity. The owners intend to in
crease the buildings to double their pres
ent size and the amount of machinery in
accordance. We are really glad to hear
such good news and only wonder why our
city with at least as good facilities cannot
have as good factories also.

New York Observer.— The year
1872 will be a jubilee year to the New
York Observer, which was established in
the beginning of 1823. This paper is
one of the most influential in the coun
try and has acquired its influence by a
rigid adherence to. and a fearless advo
cacy of, sound principles in church and
State. It has both a religions and a
secular department, kept distinct; and
although not political or partism in its
character, it freely expresses and ably de
fends its views on matters of public pol
icy. It has been for almost half a cen
tury a light in the church and a pillar in
the State. It will celebrate its jubilee
by presenting to each one of itsiab
scribers a New Year Book—encycfeas
dia of the most valuable information in
regard to all those matters in the church
and in civil life which every one desires
to have constantly at hand. The hook
alone will be worth a year’s subscription
to the paper. Send for a specimen copy
of the paper. New subscribers will re
ceive the paper free until January Ist.
The National Standard -The Repre
sentative or the Cl. A. K.
All good Republicans, and all friends
of the preservation of the Union, and
the coirtinaatioa of the blessings of the
Republican Administration, ought at
once to subscribe for the Standard.—
Terms SI.OO per annum with a copy of
the G. A. Directory. Apply to
Lieut. W. Cogywell,
General Agent.
P. 0. box 50, Washington D. C.
We will furnish the Standard with
the Tribune for $2.50 per year, if paid
in advance.
[From the New York Press.]
Lieut. W. F, Cogswell, late U. S.
Navy, is the authorized General Agent
and Correspondent for the National
Standard D. C., and Maryland News,
Md. P. O. address; Bex 50 Washing
ton D. C.
[Prom the New York Press.]
Hon. John Pool, U. S. Senator, says
of the circular which Licu-t. W. F. Cogs
well. General Agent and Correspondent
of the National Standard D. C., and
Maryland News, Md.. is sending through
out the country in favor of General U,
S: Grant’s-rencm-ination “It is a good
political" document, and meets my entire
approval.”
Those wishing Republican Documents
please address Lieut. VY. P. Cogswell,
P. O. Box 60, Washington D. C,
Report of Teachers’ Examination.
Thirty-three ap t licants were present
at the supplementary examination of
teachers, in this city, on the 4th inst.
The following statement shows the re
sult of the work of each applicant whose
average is 4J or upward
Certificates op the First Grade.
Average Standing.
L. J. Nash, 9}
John Nagle, 9j
W. C. Stevens, 8 2-13
Emma A. Guyles, 8
Certificates op the Second Grade.
Average Standing.
TANARUS, L. Cleary, 8J
Hattie E. Bacon, 7 5-13
Certificates oe the Third Grade.
Average Standing.
John Carey, 7 1-5
E. J. Smalley, 6 4-5
L. Murphy, 6 2-5
John E. Garrey, 6
Chas. Boehmer, 5 3r5
Mary A. Montgomery, 5 2-5
L. H. Truettner, 4 3-5
Julia H. Pierpont, 4i
Michael Kirwan,
Cos, Sup’t of Schools.
From the Baity Commonwealth.
At Appleton, Mrs. YanCott preach
ed from the text, “How shall we repeat
if we neglect so great salvation?” A
worthy minister from a neighboring city
remarked as he left the eburcb, “that is
powerful preaching.”
There were many went forward to pray
and be prayed for.
About fifty were received on proba
tion into the Methodist Church on last
Sabbath, the fruits of the present re
vival.
If there is any place in Wisconsin that
needs a so called revival, it is Manitowoc
and we sincerely hope that our ministers
and churches and people will take the ne
cessary steps to secure the assistance of
the highly gifted preacher, Mrs. Van
Cott for that purpose. There has been
no especial effort made for years; our
American churches have hceu increased
in size, but not in numbers. Let there
be a change for the better if possible.
A Great Offer. —Peters’ Musical
Monthly for Nov. is at hand, contain
ing fifteen beautiful pieces of music,
printed from full size music plates. It
can be had for thirty cents. The pub
lisher also offers to send, post-paid, for
one dollar, six back numbers, containing
from ninety to one hundred pieces of
choice new music, worth at least S3O.
Send your order to the publisher J. L.
Peters, 599 Broadway, New York and
our word for it,you will get your money’s
worth. Price $3.00 per year.
We will furnish it to cash subscribers
with The Tribune for four dollars a
year. tf
Our Harbor Work. —M. Dewar,
Contractor for the Government work on
this harbor, has finished his work all up
for the season, and we can point to the
work with pride. There is not two as
fine, substantial piers on Lake Michigan
—we don’t except any—as are the two
at this harbor. Manistee, Frankfort,
Pentwatcr, Muskegon, Milwaukee, and
a host of other places have been build
ing harbors, and have had the same
weather to contend with, but look at
their awkwark, ill-shaped piers. Lud
ington to day has the two best piers on
the lake, and the Government, we are
glad to see, is ready to give Mr. Dewar,
the builder of these two pier?, work at
any he is willing to accept it.— Mason
Cos. Herald.
A CARRiAGE and wagon factory is very
ranch needed in our city, and it is a won.
der to us that some of our capitalists
have not long since invested some of
their friends in such an enterprise- We
have skillful mechanics and any quantity
of the best material on hand, and ship
much of our lumber to other matkets in
stead of working it up ourselves. We
hope soon to hear of the establishment
of such a factory, for it is certainly no
honor to us to send off the raw or par
tially manufactured material and pay
the profits on the manufactured articles
to foreign capitalists.

Over seven miles of the grading of the
Lake Shore R. R- track south from this
city is now ready for the ties and iron,
and one mile in the city is in the same
condition. Three hundred and fifty men
are now employed in the work.
The schr. L. S. Hammond left Os
wego on the 6tn inst., with 500 tons of
rails consigned to Mr. Eiwell here.
The locomotive which we have before
announced as having be purchased, is on
its way here by rail from New York, be
ing run by the company’s engineer.—
Six platform cars were also to be shipped
from Philadelphia for this place the pres
ent week. They will probably be here
next week.— Sheboygan Tima.
THE COCJfTT CAJfTASS.
The Board of CanTauers conaiating of Maun.
Katough, Z inzt and Piecing met last Tuc.Jay and
counted the votes pretty peaceably until they cams
to the votes for Clerk of Circuit Court, and County
Clerk in the returns from Cato, which they ssis<3 en.
tirely omitted. The question arising what should be
done in f Mr. Eatough and Piecing were for
throwing out the entire retnrnsfrom Cato, while Mr.
Ziuzs insisted that the* Board should send for addi
tional returns; as the law—in case of insufficient re
turns—properly prescribes. Of course Mr. Ziuzs was
ovemled.and the board continued to canvass the re
turns; when they came to Two Hirers there were no
votes found on the constitutional amendment, but
the Board canvassed the votes, as if there were no
deficiency, in full. When they came to the returns
of the 4th Ward the sheet containing the oaths of the
officers was found but in part, the sheet having been
torn in two, and only the lower part aoclosed. The
Chairman of Supervisors of that Ward being informed
of the deficiency made bis appearance with a full
sheet, sontaining the oaths of the officers, and it was
received and the wows were canvassed. Then the
board resolved to consider their business closed as
canvassers, Mr. Zinzs objecting. The board adjourn
this morning without without doing any business
until this afternoon. Mr. Zinzs will not sign any
returns which would defraud Mr. Burnett, who is
honorably sad fairly elected, by the people of our
county. Mr. Burnett received in Cato 195 votes,
and Pierpont 28, majority for Burnett 159 which
elects him with a majority in the county of 63 votes-
The following cominunicatiou was
placed at the hands of such members of
the Board ot County Supervisors, now
is session:
Madison, Nov. Hth 1871.
Hon. HENRY BJETA
Dear Sir ;—id relation to your com
munication requesting to know whether
the County Board of Supervisors have
the right to go back ot certification of
election, and decide who are elected
members of their board and who are not,
I reply that I find no law authorizing
them to take any action on the subject.
The person who holds the certificate trom
the properly constituted authorities to
issue such certificate must he entitled to
the seat and such certificate will govern
and cannot be impeached by any power
short of a court of competent jurisdic
tion to bear, try and determine the mat
ter on writ of quo warranto issued for
the purpose of ascertaining the rights of
the parties. Whether the icity authori
ties were right in granting the certificate
is not material in the question as it now
stands.
Yours truly
S. S- BARLOW.
Attorney General.
Manitowoc, Wis., Nov. 15 1871.
Dear Sir :—Above pleae find a true
and correct copy of tbo Attorney Gen
eral’s opinion in the matter of Adolph
Witmann against Adolph Wallich,
which I recommend to you for earnest
consideration and perusal.
Yours respectfully
OTTO TRIE MEL,
Publisher and Editor of the Mani
towoc Zeitung.
The propeller Missouri arrived about
dark last evening, in tow of the tug Es
eanabit. Her cargo of iron was wholly
saved, a portion of it having been trans
ferred to lighters. The propeller is leak
ing somewhat and the pumps are kept
going most of the time, as she lies at the
dock. Her rudder is broken and the
boats’s shoe bent so badly that the rud
der can not bo replaced until she goes
into dry-dock. As soon as the propeller
can be unloaned she will be towed to
Milwaukee or, xmssibly, Manitowoc,
where she will receive a thorough over
hauling in the dry-dock. Green Bay
Gazette Ifov. I].

It is said that if a puff of air were to
be blown into a vein of an animal, death
would instantaneously follow, because
circulation would be stopped. The blood
makes the entire circuit of the human
body every seven minutes, and whenever
this circulation is impeded or any of its
channels are clogged by impurities which
ought to bo carried off, disease follows
fever or a disorder of liver or kidneys, or
scrofula, or dyspepsia. To get at and re
move the source of the difficulty, use the
old and infallible blood purifier. Dr.
Walker’s California Vinegar Bitters.
30-4 t
m
Last Sunday evening the barn with
all its contents and the stable with two
horses were consumed, on the so called
Poor farm now owned by Mr. Miles
McMahon. We have not learned the
amount of the loss yet, nor how far it is
covered by insurance, but at all events it
must be severe as Mr. M. has but lately
purchased the farm and there is quite an
amount yet to be paid on it. The fire
was plainly seen here by several of our
citizens.
Our Western Railroad had the track
laid to within on mile of the county line
last Saturday, being a distance of over
twenty miles from the depot in this city.
Several miles arc already fully ballasted,
and as soon as two new locomotives and
cars arrive, the gravel trains will be run
over the line, and regular trains between
here and Spring Creek will be soon after
established. The construction trains will
reach Brillion this week. The grading
is advancing rapidly in the towns of
Brillion and Woodville, and from Apple
ton this way several miles are also ready
for the tics and rails.
Board of Canvassers adjourned
this afternoon-, after having refused to
act upon any and all evidence offered in
regard to the vote of the town of Cato.
Such swindling won’t win, and there will
soon be summary proceedings instituted
to try the question before a proper tribu
nal, whether the majority of the people
shall have the right to elect their officers
without having ibeirdecision set aside by
a swindling board of canvassers. To the
credit of Mr. Zinns be refused to certify
to the canvass of County officers.
A CARD.
The undersigned would express his
sincere thanks to the tire department,
and the many citizens who so kindly as
sisted him in saving what they could at
•>e late conflagration of his dwelling and
barn, and also to the many kind friends
who have already and are still promising
him their aid and assistance in ejecting
anew home. May God preserve you
from similar rain and ever reward
you abundantly.
N. L Gilbert.
Manitowoc, Nor. 16 1871*.
Result of State and County Election in Manitowoc
County, November 7th, 1871.
Suite jCummu'r: Comity [Clack off 1 Assb.MKl.V
’Governor: 1.1. Oov.iSec.StntejS* Treaa: At’y GenjS’t Sup’l Vrim.n i of School i Circuit jCo.Clerk i iConutltntlonrl
I ;Oommi.’rilmml({'n| Sup’t Court jlst Pint. 12nd Hint 3<J Diet Amendment
jr ?i f |j fj fj jf |j f\ I ii ij jfi i( ffi i fj fi i ?T'"gj ff I iji
TOWNS AND WARPS, r.j Si |i 5 I 8- 2j fj *1 Ij g| 2 f- g. 1 1 g| S 2 w
i |i ji U ri |i i i i I i j ri i! j gri f; ii in I ?i ri r |i f| m tf
?j j 1 1 j i| i I 1 1 I iJLL- 1 S Lii 1 1 |l. 11 11 i Ii J [M I I I 1 1 IJI SI
’4K 4t( 121 ’4UUI 6i: li.V WM 4ui Rlj 4!-. 12 1; 49]'iSH{ 61!: IK: 44 126 jB6 IX4 j ll- Wj 3
W''**'* lo is 6: iaa; tH i:a i; mi 6r; Ja! t*i m t* mj 6s| m- 38: iw 67:1:54; im 114 7s: w 7
e( V no 'V 1 ,11 fl,i iftfti ei 166 fill 164; 64. 158- 61 j 16f.i 61:165 61; 156; 61; 164: 64! 116: IDOI 164 61 166 47 i 131; 18
ST"*"’" 16 ;f,i Mi It 83 66! S3; 91! 4l 67; 83 57; 48 j 67 49! 67: 62: 28! 1)6: V3; lift; C2l 75 80 61 1 i!
f' wt n i aol 97: 32 97 32! 101 128 j *B7: 34! 97; 32! 9T 82; 07; 84; 98; 31 j 67 i COl Ofii ft) If 9! 96! 108! 0
ll r, l’ I 2g! Ti 38 122 8* 129* 118! 41! 48: 12ii 86 i S3! 38 88! 381144! 6! 166: 6j U6| 82i 76 181 48! 160
i 24! 48 44! 23 i 23; 24; 44! 23j 44 j *i 24; 23; 24! 23; 21; 46; 24! 25! 24! 28- 24. 43 i 12! 27
l l, ckl ml i ,and ii iiSi ins ns: lOilj 116! i4i l)8i 1(8! 118! 103: 118: 108! 121! 103; 1(9: 112! j i 121 89 42! 10
if* 0 i A!<: 94! 64' 95 02! 95! 00! 94; 63! 95; €2; 95; 02: #sl 65! 92: 69; 97; 25! 130! 70; 88 i 61 98 13
Manitowoc Rapid*. „2i 1171 07! H 7 08= 117| 91:117; 08! 1171 98! 117! WS 117: 98; 112! K 8! 113; 101 l 131 iBB 148; Ci 80 57
K”" lth ‘ii! j iil o‘,i 67 1 66! 83! 3j 67! 66| *7i 66j 67! 66! 67! 66! <9l 68 i 66! 67! 79! 42! i 61! 66 91 1 96
2 ,b n 'V i in! col 44! 00! 49! 65: 44; 60! 49! 801 49; fO; 49; 49; CO! 49: to; 49i 68i 61! ii 47 64 00: 49
Oooperjtown j 66 1 54 3 -i 4S 81 M 31; 64; 31! 54! 31 1 54! 68! 82! 21; 64; 33: 61! 821 68
r u l kH 3 o: 113! V 113 2; 113i 7! 111! 4: 113! 2j 113! 2; 113! 2! 118; 3; 111! 2; 112! 19; 95 i 2B| 87! W
Maple drove 7 a) j 33; m 71! *2l! Hi 421! 71! 221! 71} 221! 62! 429 i 48; 244! 89 248: I j j 83 205;
Two River* ii Jgj j; W 25! 25! 12! 88; 12: 88 12; 38j 14! 88; 9; 41; 12! 88 1 11! 88 12i 38! 12; 88
Two Creek. 1B J3S 4211,2; 16; 138! 18! 136! 16 138; 10:188! 12! 144! 7; 147; 46: 109= 13 139; 80; 26
Hfehiuott W; m j s 4R 86 j 4K 3S 4 s! 89: 47; 89; 48: 38! 48; 36| 60; 30! 54! f9; 16! I 36= 49; 47; 2
Town of Manitowoc. 7 1 ili H! 6 I Mj
City ofMnnltowoc, ItW*rd: 141 74; Ml, f M j 47 48 63 48 34 1 67 40! 60! 681 47 1 69! 40; 32 4
S'" r gi 97: 61! 97 82! 106 07! 97! 82i 97! 82; 97 82; 97 j 82; 84; 96; 80j 98! 99! 7V| =79; 98= 87 80
4th Ward: 10&i 425 107,1 401 006; 40j 1(8 j 40| 106: 41; 107| 40| 107; _ 40j 107| 40: 91; 6Sj 76j 71; 111; 86 J J.. J^;.. 37 J
i 1 4W^85i1456ii831|1468!1836i1708i1666i1467!1641!1463ii753!1459:1768;i46C:i834!1290i2010!1 01 4!2°49!14751 18 H 66! 367 496: 616; 4CB. 701 i i
COUNCIL PROCEEDINGS.
Manitowoc, October 31st 1 871.
Council met pursuant to adjournment.
Present, Major Johnston Aldermen Wallich,
Marten, Auberg, Conway, Junes, Hanson, Paukratz
Kappea, Barns, Cams and Kostomlatsky.
Petition of W. Kantsky, ref. to 2d A 4th W’d.f'om
of C. Leverenco 3d do do
Memorial of Bucket Cos. Com. on Fire A W-
Mr. Kappea offered the feUowing
Resolved, That Washington street between 18th A
21st street be ordered graded and the costs be charged
to the lots fronting Washington street in uiurosaid
blocks.
Adopted, Ayes S—Martens, Auberg, Conway, Kos
tomlatsky. Noes, 3, Wallich, Jones and Barnes.
H. Marten* offered the following
Resolved, That 9th street be ordered graded, grav
eled and curb planks placed, and that the Clerk be re
quested to advertise for bids for doing said work from
Washington to Franklin street according to specih
cations.
Adopted, Ayes 10, Nays 1, (Wallich.)
J. W. Barnes efferad the following:
Resolved, That the City Treasurer be requested to
present to the Chairman ol each Ward, the amount
that has been allowed for this City, that properly be
longs to the County to pay, thereby enabling the
Chairman of each Ward to get said accounts allowed
by the County Board at the neat annual session.
Adopted.
The following claims were presented and referred:
P. A. Camp, $419,10 Com. on Dredge A Harbor.
P. Kuslave, 1,50 to Oom. on Claims.
Wm. Kempton, 21,00
C. Anderson, 1.13
J. L. Ramdell, 10,50
W. Janda, 25,(0
P. Luebner, 111,50
G. W. Gibson, 26,00 Sd i 4th W. Com
Carl Gauger, 41,00 3d W’d. Com.
Ed. Bartle, 29,25
The memorial of Bucket Cos., was returned with the
following recommendation: “Your Committee on
Fire and Water recommend, that the active members
of Bucket Cos., receive five dollars jach for services
for one year. Ed. Cokwat, Cbn.
Report adopted, Ayer 11, Nays 0.
The following accounts wore reported back and re-
commanded that they be allowed in full:
Chss. H. Walker, $5, services.
C. Anderson, 1,13. Plank.
J. L. Ramsdell, 16,50, Watchman.
C. Anderson, 21,00, Watchman.
Wm. Kempton, 21,00, do
P. Kustane, 7,50 do
Paul Leubner, 11,55, repair* on Engine.
W. Janda, 25,00, boarding pauper.
P. A. Camp, 419,10, docking 9th street.
Vilas A Barnes, 82,00, material for Dredge.
G. W. Gibson, 76,00, services as Street Commissioner
G W Gibson, 26,00 do do do
F, Gauger, 13.00 repairs on street.
The above accounts were allowed. Ayes 11, Nays 0.
The account of L S Lawrence was returned for cor-
rection.
Remonstrance of H. Lobe mu reported hack and
Committee recommend the adoption of the following
resolution
Whereas, necessity and public convenience require
the immediate improvement of that part of Washing
ton street lying between Bth and Main street, Ist
Ward of this City, and
Whereas, it is to late in the season to deiay tho
said improvement one day longer, therefor be it
KesoUed, That the said improvement of Washing
ton street be let to tho lowest bidder ns the work has
a I really been ordered and bids handed in lor considera
tion of this Board.
Adopted, Ayes It. Nays 0.
Petition of F. Pingol and others for sidewalk on 9th
was reported back with recommendation that it be
granted. Report adopied mid petition granted. Ayes
JO, Nays 1. (Jones.)
Petition of Chas. Leverenz and others for opening
Wolmer street, was on motion granted. Ayes 11,
Nays 0.
Petition of F. Pautz. Street Contractor, asking for
an extention of time on 11th street contract, was on
motion granted.
Bonds of F. Pant, for contract on 11th street was ap
proved.
The contract for grading Washington street be
tween 6th and Main streets was awarded to Carl Pautz’
he being the lowest bidder. Ayes 11. Nays 0.
B. Jones liaving refused to enter into contract for
filling lots, contract was awarded to F. Gauger, he
being the next lowest bidder, Ayee 11, Nays 0.
A. Wallich offerd the following;
Rrsolrrd, That the Street Commissioner of Ihr Ist
A3d Wards he instructed to forthwith bring Quay
street and the intersection of Quay and Bth strict
west of the latter street to grade and thereby abate a
public nuisance.
Adopted, Ayes 11, Nays 0.
Council adjonrned until Norember 18th at 7% P. M.
JOS. RANKIN', City Ciark.

HiRRIED.
LYONS—MURPHY. Nov. G 1871. at
Maple Grove, by the Rev. Andrew
Seuhert. Thomas Lyons and Maq
gie C. Murphy, both of Cato.
M aj yonr lives be fiee from sirrow,
May your affection prove steadfast
May yon never fear for morrow.
May you meet in heaven at last-
May yonr children grow up 'round jon,
An<i nitty tbev nevar you t**rm
May they joy and comfort bring yon.
And may they never rou*e your fears.
m May the blessings of the Father,
And may the blessing* of the ?on,
May the blessing of the Hly Ghost
Be mingled for you three in one.
PATERSON—ROBINSON Novr §th
1871, at the residence of the Kev. C
B. Stevens, of Manitowoc Wxs-. and
by the same, tbe Rev. John Pater
son and Miss Clementine L Robin
son, both parties of Cato.
Mrs. W IMPF who has lost so very se
verely at the late conflagration has open
ed anew millinery establishment in tho
store south of Klingholtz, Hall, on Bth
street, South side.
Mrs. W. is too well known as one of
the best milliners in our city to need our
especial recommendation, but wo hio
sure that if we wanted any tiling in tho
millinery line our first call would bo on
Mrs. Wimpf.
o
WEEKLY I EXT Eli LIST.
The following is a list of letters remaining in fb
Maui to woe Fust which have not been a.iLvdto
Anderson J Lanlry P
Anderson A Murphy L
Cnlwav J Michaelson M
Cooney T Noble R
Donnelly* M Olson G S
Ealone ll Pratt D
Fredrickson II Polsk.
Fitzmorse A Ravage II
Gilbert I Taylor .1 O
Hubbard AX Terries R
Killon J UustaOG
Kelly T Volley A
Lenox J Worthing\on T
Larson C "Wood \V I
STATE OF WISBONSIN City Treasurer’s Uffics
Manitowoc County, j Mauilowac Nov. *2d, 171.
IkjOTICE is hereby given to the owners or orcii*
1.1 pants of lots or parcels of land flouting on Buffa
lo street, between loth and 12th streets. Fourth Ward
of this City that the tax list lor the .mproveuieiif of
said Buffalo street, in the said Fourlli Ward h.i been
delivered to ire for collection and that the sai l w ti
ers or occupants of lots or parcels of land fr nt ng
on the street above described, are hereby requ ed to
pay to me within thirty days alter the date i ihia
notice, the taxes charged in said list to tho I t* or
parcels of land owned by them respectively, to ether
with the commission of five per centum, i tho
amount thereof for collection fees, and (hat i Mich
taxes will he paid within fifteen .lays from th dale
of tin’s notice, the lees for collecting the same will bo
only two per centum on the amount of such taxes.
20-41 A M. RICIiTEU, City Treasmor.
LOST.
IOST by tho the subscriber. a note of ham! for
j SS4,OU p:naMeby me to Daniel Ku*ic,six m <ntha
from Sept. sth 1871. Said note has been Kettle 1 by
me mid the tinder will oblige by returnincr it to
NELSON JACKS _)N.
Manitowoc, Oct. 26th 1871. 2S-4t
HOMESTEAD FOR SALE-1!
IOTS No. five and six (5 6) in Mock No. two
j hundred thirty-six, corner of Sixth and Wash
ington streets, Leanti fully locafa-d and imp ovJ
near the lake shore on the South hide of the river.
For paniculaxs, apply on the premise*,
7-tf ii.C. ALURECIIT.
Manitowoc June Ist 1871.
AIXJRMIY
SMART, Oy

EIGHTH AYx X
/o
STREET FAMILY
north 4/ flora,
SIDE.
/\S/ GRAHAM 3c
ig_2o At/lirCKWHKAT,
/S- /oats, WHEAT 8c
/SC/COHN, 311 EL FEED
AvIIOI E MI.E 4V 1 I I TAIL
Agents Wanted
EVERYWHERE,
To sell t most popular work evrr b#*fort lctro
ducc<i to the Aim ricau Public.
The Great Conflagration,
CHICAGO,
Its past, present, future.
The- rtrigln. progress Inti result* of
Hit’ great Uiicagn fonflagriitiou.
With graphic scenes, incident*, an*l details of the dis
aster. Li*t* f ilie principal Bankers. MainilacHirer®,
and Merchants who are loosens A complete picture
!of Chicogo before and alter the fire. The Trade and
i Commerce of Chicago. Details of it* Municipal Af
fairs, and the Great Fire- "t the World.
The statistics of the Fire De artment. with a de
srnpfioi. of the Wonderful •Fafer Works. Descrip
tion of the Sewerage, paving and I adding materials.
The extraordinary matvel *-f the Kiver running tip
stream. The number, location and mode of operating
the Gram EJevar rs. History and description of the
famous St k lards. The number of Railroads, the
Lake Trade and Commerce.
irom personal observations 1 y
GEO ICG E P UPTON,
(Peregrine Pickle)
Literary Editor Chicago Tribune,
AND
J\MESW. SHEA HAN.
Editor ol Chicago Tribune.
A book of 830 pages, illustrated by the best artists,
and will be worthy of the ci-nfidence of a If.
Price in extra Cloth and Gilt, 2,50. WID **nt Kjr
I mail, on receipt of pro e.
IThis work an only be o faim*d from the publishers
or from their awthorized agents, as it is sold
exclusively by sulas* pti jd, and ai; not be obfa nod
from any bookso-res in the I, aired Msife*. Address
LMGN' PUBLISHING CO,
30-41 10® Twenty-second st. Chicago.
GETTING- MARRIED,
KwtnyN for oilnl r n SOCIAL
EVII. a nd ABCfKS. whi- h iriterl-re with MAR
HI VlE—with -ure mum of relief lor ti e Erring anil
Unfortunate.d-wd a'<d deldli faded. Sent free, In
A al*d r(iveloj.*^. Address. HOWARD A?SOCIA
TION, Xs. 2S. Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa. 4S-ly-
I—'•
c-b
o