THE HERALD
LANCASTER:
TUESDAY EVENING, HOY. 7, 1871,
I Editor,.
The Chicago of To-Day.
Thonsfttidct of peoplo havo visited
tli«'ruins of Chicago. The world will
never cease to inquire and wonder
about them What myriad of hooka
it would require to contain tho
thoughts and reflections of mankind
over those remains that so closely
hind tho presont with tho past. To
traverse this tire blasted nreu of six
or seven square miles tills the behold
er with awe at the immensity and
completeness of the desolation, till
ho sinks overwhelmed with tho cal
amity. The tire fiend out of brick
and stone walls, has hewn out Pom
pey’s pillars, Cleopatra’s noodles,
leaning towers, all possible grotesque
shapes that evening clouds could as
sume there u black hear fifty feet
high is sitting on its haunches, and
h re a Cyclops equuliy tall is loaning
on a pillar, and these lofty abrupt
stalks of stone and brickand mortar
mark the site of some of tho finest
edifices erected by modern wealth
and urt.
If all the broken and disappointed
hearts in Chicago could speak out,
how bitterly would they denounce
that mistaken judgment that assoc i
ates happiness and contentment with
g-lded palaces or ric h and costly mer
chandize that the firey deluge may
sweep away in uu instant And yet
Chicago will be speedily rebuilt, un
less we are entering a cycle of fire*
ear- during which the works of
modern rivihzatiun shall perish.
Such cycles visited and destroyed the
area of ancient <iv /.;iti oijwild beasts
returned to their former haunts
whence they had been ex polled tor
c’Mit uries,
Put faicago, notwithstanding her
present ruins, is relatively greater in
i expect to tho rest of the world than
ver she was before. Wo find we
cannot do without her. If any other
city were destroyed, years might
•‘lapse l ielore its restoration, l»ul no
-ooner is t’hicago in ashes, than cap
ital ur.d labor is rushing thither to
I' lnnld it, mshing thither from every
M gion oi the world. No city bad
ver such an opportunity to render
Mxcll lire proof as Chicago has now.
No buildings can bo erected on the
burnt district unless brick or stone.
I'hero will be no commingling with
wooden buildings, and the new city
will lie u safe depository oi tho con
centrated commerce of tho world.
The consequences of the policy is,
that lots in tho burnt district ato aug
menting in value. On tho west. side,
where wooden buildings abound, the
cost of insurance has run to too high
figures to tolerate any business ex
pansion. There is more of hope and
capability in the ruins of Chicago
Ilian in all that is left untouched by
i lie flames.
Pkmocuatii’ Nominations —As wo
intimated in tholasttluj Herald would
do no the democracy of (irant
mnty postponed to the lust minute
imy announcement of its nominees
for tho legislature. This gave the
untonified a good opportunity to
I l "'tend to support an independent
candidate and divido the republican
vote; and then with their own nomi
nee gobble up the party vote and
many of the disaffected. The game
was well played this year, hut with
all their cunning and hard work wo
are not prepared to believe that the
democracy of this county will have a
single representative in the next Leg
islature. Mr. Ovid B Phelps ot Lan
caster is the candidate for the Senate.
Wm. .1. McCoy of Boctowu Thomas
I'orney of Kennimore, and .lain is. \V.
Seaton ot I’otosi, are the nominees in
their respective localities for the As
seinhly.

Lancaster Election —We diluy
going to press in order to get for
publication the result of the election
held hero to-day. The election pass
ed otf quietly.
for (lovernor, Washburn receiv
ed .'lllf, and Hoolitile Id!* votes.
for Senator, Holloway received
lll!' rotes, Phelps PI votes
for \ssembly, Hiishnell received
'/m; votes, Seaton (dom 111, nod
llughee (ind) ‘Jo votes.

fn vnkscivino.- ftie president has
i-.sued a proclamation designating
Ihursday the iht’.h day ot Nov cm her,
a a lay lor public thanksgiving and
piayer Tliis is a festival, originat
or: n a lew of tlu- eastern States
which bids fail l) become national,
.«mi to assist m abolishing sectional
distinctions and ‘eclings in social and
religious matters. Men and women
oi nil denominations ami creeds will
unite in rendering homage and praise
to the same Being whom they ail
w irsiiip under different rites and cer
oin mies, and who showers His favor
equally upon all—the just and the
unjust.

Igr'i'bu number of persons who
perished in the Wisconsin pineries
during the late tire, at Peshtigo and
vicinity, is now believed to exceed a
thousand, and the general destitu
tion and Buffering in that region
and across the lake iu Michigan, in
c msequeneo of the lire, is very great.
Haf* V Salt Lake letter states that
Brigham Young has instructed dele
gate Hooper to propose to Congress
the admission of Utah as a State up
on the abolition of Polygamy. The
suits now pending against Mormons,
to be withdrawn.
County Board of Supervisors.
The regular annual sossion of the
(<rant County Board of Supcrvisois
convenes at Lancaster on Monday
next. It is the duty of this body to
audit claims against the county, to
settle with tho county officers, to
make appropriations for county ex
penses the coming year, and to
equalize the assessments. The mem
bers of the County Board of Super
visors are as follows:
FROM TOWNS.
Boetuwu—Win J McCo).
Blue Kiver—Ui-nry Ooru.
Iloacobei—Allrwl Palmar.
Bloomington—ll-ury Lord,
Clifton—K Carrington.
Ciiwivllle—Herman Grunin.
Klleatioro—J 8 Mnlben
KeDUltnore—John Moutieth.
Glen Haven—A A Bunnett.
Hazel Green—Thomaso Steven.*
UarrUoß—Moure Vuunttu.
Hickory Grove —.Tae Murpbey.
Jauieetowu—John Iliar.
IJiucatter—Geo W Rvluu l.
Inina—G D Pettyjohn.
Liberty—Time VVler.
Little Grant—John II Griffis.
Muscoda—T J Gralmni.
Marion—J It Ricks.
Millville—K I Kidd.
Mt Uo|,‘i —K Abrabaui.
Paris—Peter Casper.
Platteville- -N W Bag*
Polo si—J W Seaton.
Patch Grove—Jared Warner.
Smellier—Geo F Cabauis.
Waterloo—Archie Brown.
W’ateretowti—J K Jones.
Wingville—Thomas Laird.
Woodman—Ueorgu Brown.
Wvaltising—Robert Glenn.
FROM VILLAGES.
lloscobel—W W Field.
Hazel Green—Geo Broderick.
Lancaster—W P Dewey.
Pkttlevills—J 11 Evans.
Tho standing committees for the
year were made up at thodast regu
lar session, and are us follows
Committee on Finance—Vs K Field, J W Seaton
Geo Broderick, E 1 Kidd.
Committee on Claims —G W Ryland, Robert Glenn,
Tlios Laird, John Montieth. A Palmer, II Grimm,
Peler Casper, George Brown, N W Hass.
Committee on Equalisation— J H Evans, J II Oriffis,
T G Stevens, T J Graham, Henry Lord t G D Pettvjohn,
J 8 Mai ben, J B Ricks W .1 McCoy.
Commute'■ on Roads and liridyet —W J McCoy, N
W' llsss T Wier, II Lord, Geo Brown.
Committee im County l'rajirrty —Jared Warner, Geo
Ciil auis, John llicr, James Murpbey, M Vsnwtta.
tommittu on County Roads— fc. Carrington, E Abra
hams,GeoCabanls, John llier.
All claims against the County
should bo handed in to tho County
Clerk’s office during this week.
Political Oratory. —That was
very good speaking to which soveral
hundred Republican and other voters
listened with marked attention in the
Court II »uso yesterday evening.—
The oraiiou of Mr. Thomas llodnett
was a stiring and eloquent address.
It was rich in historical allusions,
and judiciously illuminated with
striking and well-managed meta
phors. We predict for this youthful
orator a brilliant career as an ex
pounder of the principles of Republi
canism and un advocate of freedom
and human equality, ('apt. A R.
Bushnell spoke for sometime, evinc
ing a thorough and accurate under
standing (-1 tin* political questions of
th day. Uongessman Barber utter
ed 0110 gi .vat truths in his vivid, for
eiblo manner, and demonstrated how
vitally important it is just now for
Republicans to stand faithfully by,
and work diligently with their party.
Tho lion. Mr. Holloway was called
on, and vociferously cheered us ho
rose to remark that he was no orator,
and would not presume to say any
thing while the telling utterances ot
those who had preceded him wore
yet ringing in tho ears of tho audi
tors. Mr. 11., it is true, may not bo
‘‘an orator as Brutus is,” but wo
doubt whether a more active and in
fluential worker than ho has over en
tered the capitol building of our pro
gressive Slate. Something more
than fine phrases uro necessary to
tnanago tho affairs and make the
laws of a republican commonwealth.
The Hon. W. P. Dewey ulso spoke
briefly. Mr. Geo. Clomontson being
loudly called for, ussumed bis per
pendicular and, with great good hu
mor. begged to postpone his speech
until next Fall, and moved that the
meeting adjourn ofl'-hand, which it
did without any stupid formality or
other ado.
What is Needed in the Northern
Fire Districts. —The Milwaukee
Committee have issued a circular in
which they say
Though llie spontaneous liberality
of tho sympathizing people, especial
ly of the women, from Maine to Cal
ifornia, we have now in hand and in
transit an ample supply of clothing
id every description for men, women,
and children, to moot tho wants of
the sufferers by tho fires in Northern
Wisconsin and Peninsular Michigan.
Money is mill greatly needed for pur
chasing provisions, building materi
als and tools, agricultural imple
ments, horses, oxen, cows, hay, feed,
etc.
The Milwaukee Sentinel's ays:
Mr. L. B. Noyes, editor of the
Marinette Eagle, is here as the speci
al agent ot those who are trying to
aid the sufferers, to procure, if possi
ble. such articles as are very much
needed, hut apt to be omitted by
those who are sending contributions.
He tins sent forward two hundred
and titty cooking stoves and will add
some other usetul implements neces
sary in the housekeeping line.

K.NOLANO. I.ONIION, Oct. 31.
five Cabinet councils were held du
ring the past week, the foreign
policy ot the (iovernmeut being the
the main subject. The discussion of
reorganization of the army is pro
gressing actively. Regiments are
being brought up to the war stand
ard, and there is an immense accu
mulation ot war material.
Early changes in the Ministry are
contemplated by the elevation of
some of the present ministers to the
peerages,
'i csterday Prince Gatschakoff bad
a long private interview with Em
peror \V illiam, and another with
Count Bismarck today The sub
ject on those interviews are not
known.
It is said that Thiers refused to
modify his ultimatum to England
regarding the commercial treaty.
MTV man and woman named Bar
rett were dressed in tar and feathers
by the indignant citizens of Yiroqua,
as a punishment tor living in an un
lawful manner. Thirteen arrests
were made, but nothing could be
proved against the prisoners.
Ml. Milwaukee is excited over the
disoovery of twenty gallons of ben
zine hidden in a lumberyard there.
SOUTH CAROLINA KU KLUX
tt loilPMle trrt.ia Id Spartanburg County
Lawyers, MlnUters.and Other I’rom-
Incut I’eraoua Fleeing from
Justice
SI'AKTANHURO, S C., Oct. 29.—The
letters of your special correspondent
from this place lust Spring, and the
reports of the Congress Committee,
have prepared your readers for the
shocking disclosures that are now
being made here of the Democratic
Ku-Klux conspiracy against tho
lives, liberties, and property ot' tho
Republicans of this and adjacent
counties. Senator Scott and asso
ciates found, by tho sworn state
ments of the victims and other credi
ble witnessess that, in Spartanburg
County alone, upward of 500 men
and women und suffering some form
of violence trom the Ku-Klux. Sev
eral had been killed, others wound
ed, by gun and pistol shots, while
the greater number had been whip
ped in the most barbarous manner
To escape violence, many respecta
ble persons, mule and female, slept
in the woods through all last winter,
without tire. A tire would have
pointed out their pluces of conceal
ment to the ruffians who sought
their lives. From tho great number
of victims, it was inferred that the
number of the conspirators must be
great, but bow great none but their
own leaders had the moans of know
ing, Terror reigned for months.
The most shocking murders were
committed, and no attempt even to
ferret out and bring to justice the
perpetrators was made. No one
dared to move. The Courts wore
all in the hands of the Ku-Klux
This state of things wont on until
the U. S. Court in Raleigh tried and
convicted a number of the North
Carolina Ku-Klux. Aiarmed by
these convictions, a young man of
this county came forward and con
fessed his connection with the Ku-
Klux, and gave tho names of about
a dozen other.-’. Several parties
were soon arrested. Since then,
whole “tiens” with their officers have
come in and surrendered, and dis
closed the names ot their con eder
ates. Up to this time about 75 have
been arrested in this (Spartanburg)
County. All these are white Demo
crats, but as debased, and, for the
most part, as ignorant and villain
ous a set of men as any country can
produce. Their testimony involves
many of the most influential men in
tho country, embracing lawyers
doctors, and even professed minis
ters of the gospel. There are war
rants out for about 100, who thus
far have eluded the officers. Among
these is one member of the State
Legislature, one member of the
South Carolina Conference of the M
F ('luirch South, one leading Bap
tist minister, and other equally
prominent persons. It is believed
that from 1,000 to 2,000 men in this
county are involved directly or in
directly in the outrages committed.
Lawful Piracy.
Several years ago the Rock River
Insurance Company, a rotten con
cern, which was ostensibly engaged
in the business of insurance, and
which had by its agents induced large
numbers te take “polices" in the con
cern, failed, as will bo remembered.
Tho policy-holders bad made purl
cash payments and for the balance
had given premium notes—that is,
notes which were to be good, if the
company sustained such losses that
the cash payments received wore not
sufficient to pay them off.
The xistcnce of tho company had
well nigh been forgotten, but several
days since the unlucky policy-hold
ers were reminded of the tael by the
appearance iu tho county of a depu
ty United States Marshal, holding
summons against 100 c fizens of this
county to appear at Madison before
the United States Court and answer
to it. In other words, they hud been
sued for the amount of their notes.
Tho law has given these notes the
character of “commercial paper.”
So the rotten insurance company on
ly had to hand over these premium
notes to some Peter Funk, and they
could bo sued and collected, notwith
standing tho company had years be
fore failed and passed out of existence.’
Tho notes amount to all the way from
§B,OO to 820,00 each, and in somo ex
ceptional cases running up as high as
SIOO,O0 —and perhaps more. The at
torney for “Ira C. Goodall, assigned
in bankruptcy,” gets $5 00 fees the
Clerk $9 00, tho Marshal $2,00 and 6
conls per mile lor traveling fees, both
ways, from Madison, in each case,
making the cost quite as much aS*tho
amount of the notes. I n one ease wo
learn of a man. Henry Hensel, of
Randolph, who had his insured house
burned down alter the company fail
ed for that he has no remedy, and
can collect no insurance, but is com
polled to puy the amount of bis note
and the cost.
If all this is not piracy, under the
sanction of what is prononced the
law, then we don’t know what con
stitutes piracy. If our State Legis
lature knowing the-o tacts can not
devise some scheme which will in
future protect its citizens from such
wholesale legalized fraud and rob
bery, then it will he us well not to
have any legirlauture, and far better
that we nave no courts, which not
only authorize men to rob their
neighbors, but give them all the
officers of the law to assist them in
their nefarious proceedings.— Portage
Register.

BTJ KLING- TON
I.eev mg the Hast and arriving at Chicago
or Indianapolis, how shall we reach the VVrst?
The bes 1 line is acknowledged to be the C.B.
At <g, joined together with the B. M Rail
way by the Iron Bridge at Burlinglon, .and
called the Buri.ington Routs,
The main line of the Route running to Oma
ha, connects with the j-reat Pacifiic Roads, ami
lorins to-day the leading route to California.
The Middle Branch, entering Nebraska at
P'attsmouth, passes through Linco'n, the State
Capital, and will this year be finished to Fort
Kearney, forming the shortest distance across
the Continent by over 100 miles.
Another branch of the B. M., diverging a
Red Oak. falls into a line running down the
Missouri through St. Joe to Kansas City, and
all Kansas. Passengers by this route to Kan
sas, see Illinois, Southern l iwa, and Missoui,
and, ami by a slight divergence, can see Ne
braska also.
Lovers cf fine views should remember the
Burlington Route, for its towns '‘high-gleam
ing from afar.”—its tree-fringed streams —its
rung bluffs an.l quarriw—its corn-oceans
stretching over prairies farther than the eve
can reach.
Land-buyers will be suie to remember it,
tor they have frienus among the two thousand
who have already bought farms from Geo. S,
Hams, the Lana Commissioner of the B Si
M. R. R. at Burlington, lowa, or among the
tour thousand 'home.steaders and pre-emptors
who last year filed claims in the Lincoln land
office, where -‘Uncle Sam is rich enough to
give us all a farm.”
Local Certificates and Permits.
BY W. 11. HOI.I'UBD, COUNTY SUPT., CHANT CO.
To all who ure interested in our
public schools and desiro their eleva
tion und improvement, I wish to
make a few suggestions: Poor teach
ers cannot teach good schools and
good teachers cannot teach poor
schools. What tho teachers are the
school will, in a- great measure, be
come If any pupils need good,
thorough,well qualified,live and wide
awake teachers, they are tbo back
ward ones and if they do not have
such teachers, tho great majority ctf
them will alwa> s bolrnekward,always
be poor scholars, poorly informed
and with very little practical knowl
edge acquired at school
Yot many si bool officers and pat
rons of schools complain of poor
schools, and still send me earnest re
quests, asking me to grant “local
certificates” or 1 permits” to persons
that 1 find in no way qualified to
teach school. I havo in mind, now,
two such requests; they are well
written and hence 1 believe the school
officers to be well informed, and that
if they had given any attention to
tho mutter, they must have known
that the persons could not teach.—
Still, the following is the substance
and sentiment of the closing sentence
of those requests: “Our school is
small and very backward, and we
consider her competent to teach said
school.” And I have other similar
requests not woli written but contain
ing the same sentiment; and alt bough
somo ot these do not contain more
than eight or ten lines, they contain
as many very common words mis
spelled. among which ar o old, sir, her,
please, will, well, do a (not beginning
a sentence or expression) taught,hire,
&e,,&c., —written as follows: ouldser,
hur pleas, wit wel,du, A, taut, hear.
1 mention these things to show
that such persons are not qualified to
judge ii> such matters even though
they havo examined said applicant,
hut in no ca-e'do I find that they had
examined the would be teacher in tho
least, and I 710 not mention these
things with the slighest intention of
being disrespectful to the writers of
them, nor with any desire to suggest
that my judgment in general is any
better than theirs or even as good,
for it is quite likely that in many
things these i-arne men display better
sense and a sounder judgment than I;
Still, 1 feel that, in this particular, 1
have the advantage of them, and 1
know that if 1 have not 1 am not fit
to be count}’ superintendent; but
some one who is qualified fim the posi
tion should occupy it, and carry out
the intention of the law.
At the present time 1 am receiving
many such requests, but I cannot di
rectly comply with them, yot 1 think
I can help the applicants if they will
sustain ray notion in tho matter. But
I shall first direct their attention to a
few items of my instructions under
the law and from the State Superin
tendent of Public Insinuation. The
law, with a wise and benevolent inten
tion, that of elevating and improving
our teachers and thereby the condi
tion ot our schools.—-says that teach
ers shall pass a satisfactory examina
tion on the following named stadias
Penmanship, Pronunciation, Orthog
raphy, Grammar, Reading, Written
and Mental Arithmetic, Geography,
Theory anp Art of Teaching (Tlienrj
of Teaching and Practice ot Teach
ing), U. S History and Civil Govern
ment, for a third grade certificate,
the lowest known in the law and for
a second grade, in addition to this.
Algebra, Physology und Physical
Geography and for a first grade,
two more studies are added. The
law al-o provides that a third grade
certificate shall not be renewed. This
is a good and wise provision, one that
is in two ways calculated to cause
tho teachers to improve: First,
thinking that they may want the
certificate renewed, and knowing
that if only a third grade it cannot
he renewed,they will strive to obtain
a higher grade secondly, if they do
not get a higher, they must come
before the county superintendent
every year for examination, or not
teach and if ho is what he should be
to occupy the position, a live man,
knowing and doing bis duty,—lie will
at each examination givo the teachers
many valuable items of practical
knowledge, and many useful hints as
to what should be taught, how it
should be taught and why it should
be taught; and suggestions in relation
to what should not be taught, and
why suggestions also, in relation to
ihe government of schools, aim ol
individual pupils and in ibis way
the examinations will be rendered
very advantageous to all who are
capable of improving to such an ex
tent in this direction as to become
successful teachers, and those who
are not thus capable and who do not
thus improve, should be denied the
privilege of teaching, as the position
of teacher is one of too much import
ance io bo filled by any but tin* most
competent; and through another
wise provision, the county superin
tendent is given the power to put
the incompetent out of the ranks of
teachers, and to keep them out for
tho first sentence in the certificate
reads “It is hereby certified that
lias passed a satisfactory
examination upon aU points required
by law,” &c.
The language in plain and bo it
should he. But if tboso who desire
to teach absent themselves from the
pubiie examinations for ary cuuse
whatever, and particularly it from
fear of failure,which is often the case,
—the law, although having the m<>st
worthy intention, is defeated and
especially so, it the applicant be
granted a “local certificate’’ or per
mit,“even though it boat the request
of all the school hoard and all the
voters of the district for we have no
motai nor legal right to trifle away
the opportunities of our children,
even though at first thought it seems
that wo may have this right. Yet
this system Was adopted when there
were not enough teachers who could
pass for even a third grade certificate
to supply all the schools and to sup
ply all the schools with teachers, the
superintendent licensed many who
could not pass and this gave rise to
the practice of granting “local certi
ficates,’’ and that too in many cases,
without any real examination, for
“what is the uso of it if we know he
forehand that he or she cannot pass?"
said some and the superintendent
yielded to the suggestion hut tor
two reasons it would be tar better
had he thoroughly examined the ap
plicant: The first is, that by so do
ing he would have discovered the
weak points of the applicant, and
would have had a good opportunity
to correct errors and to offer such
suggestions us would cause the appli
caut, if possessed of any natural
qualifications for teaching, to im
prove; the socond is, that such a
course would not have led teachers
und school officers to suppose that a
certificate can legally or rightfully
be granted to an applicant without
an examination, or even when the
applicant has been examined and fail
ed except in case of a scarcity of
teachers. It is thus that the true
courso has been departed from and
superintendents, teachers, school
officers, parents and the former sys
tem of superintendoncy, are all to
blame for the present state of these
matters; but wc have learned by
experience, and let ns profit by ti e
knowledge thus obtained.
This practice of granting local
certificates" should have been stopped
on the very day that it was found
that there were enough qualified
teachers to supply the schools ol the
county yet it was not. stopped, but,
up to the summer of 1870, it seemed
ruther to be ou the -increase, and 1
found that, at the unanimous request
of the school hoard, the practice of li
censing those who had had little or no
examination, and those who had fail
ed in the public examinations, —had
become so common that it was look
ed upon as a right, and 1 found that
1 could not discontinue it at once
without much opposition but I told
teachers, school officers, parents and
all concerned that the practice is
wrong, that it injures our schools and
all their interests, und keeps them
from improving and becoming what
they should be and that they must
expect me to stop it, lor so 1 shall
do. During my first year in this of
fice, upon the unanimous request of
the school board in each case, 1 grant
ed u few certificates of one term to
persons whom 1 had not examined,
(yet they had been examined and had
“passed" before my term of office
began and upon such requests 1
granted local certificates to many
who nad been examined by me and
laiied. Last Spriug, upon such re
quests, 1 granted several limited cer
tificates for the summer, to persons
who failed in examination but 1 told
them “for the future, please do not
ask Jit, for 1 cannot, shall not, grant
certificates toj any who cannot past
for a third grade certificate,so long as
there are enough qualified teachers in
the county to teach the schools. We
can blame no one in particular for
ibis state of school afiairs, nor can
we charge it to either the present
ortho past system of superintendence,
but all in common are to blame the
old system and its administrators
for not leaving us teachers of higher
standing, the new or more particu
larly its administrators, for not in
ducing and compelling the teachers
to improve faster than they have
done, school boards and parents for
aiding those who aro not qualiged to
teach in procuring a license, teachers
tor receiving anything less than a
third grade certificate, and for desir
ing school boards and others to ask
the superintendent to grant them a
certificate, and for getting them to
oppose the action of the superintend
ent in attempting to withold license
from the undeserving, &c.
1 fee! that I am deserving of cen
sure for every “local certificate" or
“permit” that I have granted and I
hope to be no more unworthy in that
direction, except in cases n which 1
know the applicant to be at Last a
third rate teacher, and able to take a
third grade certificate. But still 1
am receiving many of the above
named “requests.” I connot grant
them because there are enough quali
fied teachers in the county to till all
the places and many to spare, and 1
have long ago given my word that I
will not do so and I made that re
solve and declaration tor a good pur
pose, that of elevating and improving
our public schools. At another time
1 want to make a few suggestions in
relation to small schools” aud “large
schools”
Old Catholics Now Protestants.
'J’he “Old Catholics”—so called to
distinguish themselves from the now
school papists who have declared the
Pope infallible, have just held a great
convention at Munich. It consisted
of delegates Irom the Old Catholic
Society in Germany, Austria and
Switzerland, and of a certain number
of foreign members. Among these
latter are Pere Hyacinth, Prof. 08-
hinini, of St. Pcteisburg; the Spanish
agent, Sonor Juand’Aladro, and (.th
em This great convention adopted
a Declaration of Independence or a
protest which amounts to the same
thing, scorning and defying the ex
communications of the Pope, declar
ing “that articles of belief can only
he defined in consonance with the
Holy Scripture and the old tradition
of the Church, as it is laid down by
the recognized Fathers and Councils,
not *>y the declaration of the time
being, and the expross or implied con
sent of Bishops bound by oath to un
limited obedience to the Pope," repu
diating also the celibae)’ of tht* cler
gy and auricular confession, and look
ing hopefully to reunion with the
Greek Church, and the Protestant
churches, especially with the Protest
ant Episcopal churches of England
and America. Bollinger was present,
ami lie rose to speak, and when he
closed the whole convention rose and
honored him with the most enthus
iastic cheers. This places the anti
infallihiiists among Protestants, and
the Rubicon is passed.
Four hundred delegates, reproHent
inj' every Roman Catholic canton in
Switzerland, met at Saleure on the
18th day ot September. They were
Catholics, but now renounced I?o
---maoism adjured the Pope's Infallibil
ity, rejected the celibacy of priests,
declared for separation of (Jiuircb
.viui Slate, and became thoroughly
Protestant against the modern dog
ma* of the Church This is a great
movement, and will tell upon the re
formation now in progress through
out Europe. So far from “blowing
over," or “dying out,” the nntipapal
reformation gait s vigor and numbers
every day. We begin to see the ef>
tect of the destruction of the Pope’s
civil power. He can no longer in*
tliet pains and penalties upon the
limbs of his church members They
teel the liberty of acting for them
selves. Germany is rapidly becom
ing independent ot Rome. Spain is
practically free. Italy is in rebellion.
Austria rules herself. The only two
countries where the Pope still reigns
supreme over his Church, are Ire
land and the United States of Amer
ica.—yew York Observer.
The Primitive Methodist Mount Zion
Church, North Lancaster.
Dear Editor:— On Wednesday
last we had the pleasure of visiting
the good people of the above vicinity,
in connexion with the opening of
their beautiful Church, which is real
ly a credit to the community and
worthy of the men of taste that ex
ecuted aud brought it to such a beau
tiful and succesful completion, free
of debt. The opening services were
commenced on Sabbath by Kov. J.
Sharpe and Philip Allen of Mineral
Point, who raised by subscriptian
$313, at those services. On Monday
evening following,Kev. Wm Stevens,
of Benton, preached, aud collected
$17.50. On Tuesday night the llev.
John Shortridgo, their former Pastor,
preached,and collected $78.30. They
were all glad to see their old friend,
and did nobly to honor bis services.
Ou Wednesday evening the writer
visited them for the first time and
they honored his services with a col
lection and subset iption of over SSOO
After all that had been collected be
fore, we iiappen to carry a key to
unlock the treasurers of funds that
swept the whole debt away with a
gentle breeze and loft no vestige be
hind, I never met with such noble
responses. 1 insisted on the payment
of tho whole debt; they caught the
spirit and did the deed. One family
gave as high as $7.00. Between
work and subscription others gave
$4.00, others $3 00, and $2 00, and
ihus upwards of $25 00 were raised.
Auother of their late pastors,the Kev.
E. Emery, preached to them at 2
o’clock on Thursday. He was hearti
ly received and gave us a pointed and
practical discourse on experimental
religion. At night the writer preach
ed again, and revived the condition
of the finances after service and left
the beautiful church without a dol
lar of debt. Wo spent two happy
days among as happy and noble a
people as it has ever bean our privi
lege to vibit.
1 should mention that in the course
of our remarks we had occasiou to
say that it would he “a feather in our
cup” it wo succeeded and paid tho
whole debt. When we accomplished
it a gallant girl plucked a beautiful
feather from a new hat and not hav
ing courage enough to bring it her
self, a courageous, good looking lass
walked with all the ease and grace
imaginable and placed the feather in
our honored head, which e i ited a
burst of applause and was the cause
of considerable remarks and good
humour. We bore the feather away
with us as a trophy of our triumph
in a noble work. A beautiful Bible
was presented for the pulpit by Mrs.
Govier. May the Lord bless them
and shower upon them the tokens of
his infinite love. Yours &c.
J. T. Breeze.
Insurance Mutters in Chicago.
Chicago, Nov. 3. —There is general
complaint against tho action of the
underwriters in increasing tho rates
of insurance on grain in store. Be
fore the fire the ’te lor insurance on
grain in storo r raged two per cent,
per annum, tho rates for short terms
being proportionately advanced.—
Since the fire the rate has been ad
vanced to five per eent. fc per annum,
and rates for shorter terms propor
tionately higher. The advanced rates
are as follows: Ouo year five per
cent; nine months seven per cent.;
four months seveu and a half per
cent.; three months eight per cent.;
two months nine per cent.; one month
twelve per cent.; fifteen days sixteen
per cent; ten days eighteen per bent.;
five days twenty five per cent two
days thirty-one per cent.
The Tiibune says these rates are
highly ruinous. Risks on this kind
of property have been the best pay
ing of any kind of Insurance done in
this city. Tho danger of loss in ele
vators has been greatly iessened by
the fire, and certainly risks are as
safe now as over. It is, moreover,
an unjust discrimination against this
city.
Grain in warehouses hero is as sale
against fire as it is in any other point.
If they continue these ruinous rates,
they will destroy the business and
lose the profits which they might
make at legitimate rates.
It is announced on reliable author
ity that tho remaining 80 per cent.of
the Republic Insurance Company
will ho called in at once, and that the
company will pay their lossoh in full
in installments and go on with their
business.
Letter from Muscalonge.
Winter is near at hand. Wood
piles must be enlarged and buildings
repaired. Such preparations will add
greatly to our comfort during sever
al months to come.
Muscalonge holds little claim upon
agriculture as an employment. It is
situated in a mining district, and its
people depend mostly upon the min
ing operations for work and wages.
The mines of Muscalonge are chiefly
coniined to lands owned by ex-Gov.
Dewey and the Graham Mining Co.
The village lies in the township of
Roctown. near the (ilen llavcn line.
It is situated in a valley through
which flows the brook that gavo the
hamlet its name. This water the
miners utilizo and deprivo of its po
etieal transparency by washing
therein tho ore after its removal from
the mines. Muscalonge is a place of
some antiquity. Until within a few
years ago it was a sparse scattering
of miners’ huts, but now it presents
withal a neighborly, comfortable and
respectable appearance. Hero is the
office of tho company, whore month
ly settlements are made with all the
workmen. Here also is a justice’s
office, an agonc}’ for Howe sewing
machines, lire insurance agencies, a
hotel, a boarding-house, two .fiddlers,
two school ma’ms, indigenous to Lan
caster, plenty of youths and maidens
to dance, anil numerous children to
go to school. Wo have preaching
here by the Methodists on alternate
Sabbaths, and sustain a good Union
Sunday School. There is an organi
zation of Good Templars, whose ob
ituary some are confident of writing
soon. Yours,
Muscalonge,
HaTA Caliornia bootblack stands
a chance of going into history beside
the widow with the mite. Adver
tising that he should give the pro
ceeds of a day’s work t« the Chica
go sufferers, the young “gamin” did
not lay down his brush from sun
set, and forwarded 825 the next day
to the relief fund.
FEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
®Lsr*Now is the time to
patronise Home Manufacturer*, when they Deed the
and patronage of ihe .unrounding country
Therefor* call at one* on
D. H. Budd
and «ee hi* FINK IHBKI.4Y OK BUMUIKB and
CUTTKHS I g 3w4
AGENTS WANTED
EVERYWHERE
To sell lhr moat popular work ever before introduced to
(hr American Ihiblic
TI HEAT HIFUEOI.
CHICAGO,
Its PAST, PRESENT t*D riTTCRE.
THE ORIGIN I’KOUKI. S AM* K jI'I.TS at THE
GREAT CHICAGO CONFLAGRATION*.
With graphic armies, incident* and d.-tail* nf the
disaster, List* of tile principal Hankers, dannfactur
ms slid Merchants who are Insetcnutjdetc pic
turaof Chicago before aud after the lire The Trade
aud Comm. rce of Chicago. Detain nt i;- Municipal
Affairs, aud the Groat Fires nf the W
The statistics of tho Fire Department, with a de
acriptien of the Wonderful Water Work* Dasetip
tion o! the Seworago, paviugtmd building materials
The extraordinary marvel of the River runiiiug up
atream. The number, location and in I. of operating
the Grain Elevators lliatorv and description of the
famous Stick Yards. The number of Railroads, the
hake Trade and Commerce
From peisonai observations by
OKOKfvK I>. t I'TO.V,
(Peregrine pn k e)
Literary Elitor Cturtio Tribune.
AND
.IAM KM W. SIIHAirAN,
Editor of t'hwago Tribunt.
A book ot‘ 300 illustrated by the
best artists, and will be worthy of the confi
dence of ad.
Price in extra Cloth and Gi't, $2.50. Will
be sent by mail, on receipt of price.
This work can only be obtained from the publishers
or from their regulurly authorized ageuts.as it is so d
exclusively by sabacriptioo. and cannot be obtained
from any boot.sellers in the United Slates
Address UNION PlTtl.lgtU.NU CO
!£swl ltj Twenty-second st.. Chicago.
All who want
A FINE CUTTER
Can get one at BUDD’S.
Farm for Sale.
1 offer for sate my farm of IT) acres, situated in tho
town of Waterloo, :j miles from lteetown ou the Cass,
ville road 5'S acres under cultivation plenty of tint
her anil bottom laud; watered by three springs
The farm is wsli adapted for itock raising, and is sit
uated within 2 miles of two grist mills. Is also good
mineral hearing A house, log stable and outhouses
thereon. Terms reasonable.
Mbs. MARGARET Me DON ADD.
Waterloo, Nov. 6, IST 1. 2!m4
FINE CHOICE BUGGIES
Will be Sold at
About Cost!
AT D. H. BUDD’S.
VILLAGE PROPERTY
For Sale CHEAP!
I offer for sale my place in the village of Lancaster,
consisting of 12 lota, with a dwelling house, barn and
orchard thereon. Will sell the whole together or in
parcels to suit purchasers. Enquire on the premises
or at the Her obi office MARGARET TIKL.
Lancaster, Nov. 6,1871. 2btf
ID- H. BUDD
is rf:ady to sell out and rf:tire at once
in favor of a better man for the business, if the people
will manifest their wishes thus; or “pick his flint" sud
Are away if the encouragement cqnsl* the wear aud
tear of conscience. 23w4
I Cutters! -utt&rs?
and BUGGIES—
VARIETY
AT D. H. BUDD’S.
808-SLEDS
Ol’ Any U>c».sir<’U. DMiei-n,
_ At BUDD’S.
DBNTAIj.
DU. F. F. COOMES
Can always he found at his office from hours 9 A. M
till SP. St. All those who ire the *1 of a dentist
plsase call. Office over Sawyer A Favor's drugstore,
Boscobel
AGENTS WANTED FOR
Triumphs of
Enterprise.
Ankw book by j\mi> puirtt.v
A history ot the suscessfut meu of America
their wonderful invention-, d ver ~-1 ;i
mems, showing how admirable action* bln cliarac
ter. ingenuity ami public spirit, have runtrihnb t
the atlvmeement ol the wond Fiuelv illustrated in
tensely interesting. Mini eery ln«tmotive. A r»
chance for agent*. Send for cirenlar*. un,l note oar
extra terms. M. A. PARKER AlO P,P.
100 Madison st, Chicago, 111.
P. S—Laity agent* wanted to sell tin* greatest
work on the subject ever published.
WOMAN AS A WIFE ANI) MOTHER.
Itv Pys H. Cliavasse, M, 1). A woik which if
placed in every family, will save the lives of thous
ands of mothers and children yearly li you want to
■take money, and do good, send at once for onr clrcu
lars and terms, mailed free. Vnvt
New LUMBER Ycard
AT POTOSI, WIS.
N'EAtILLE A I)A\IES have recently opened at
I’olosi a new and well stocked Lumber Yard,
ami are prepared to furnish anything in the line of
BUILDING MATERIAL.
including SQUARE TIMBER, JOISTS, SCANTLING
ILOORINU, SlDlNG—dress**] and undressed—
LATH, SHINGLES, Etc
Fanners ntid others in want of No, 1 building and
fencing stock will do a wise tiling be giving us a rail
and seeing onr material before purchasing tlsowher*.
*9“ Terms Uottsoimljle. i.l
B.—The first Yard below town on tin- road l< id
,0 the river. NKAVILL .A DAVIES.
Potest, September 11, IS7i. 2d-I.V 1
HOTEL STAND
For Sale or Exchange for Real Estate.
A RARE CHANCE!
Desiring to change my business I will sell my ho
tel stand, the well known “CAKRIEK HOUSE,' at
Boscobel or exchange the same for improved lands.
The property is well known to the traveling public.
It is situated near the depot of tho M A P R It. and
lias a large custom. The house is in good repair aud
w-ll furnished. A good barn ou tha premises.
Terms easy for cash purchaser Apply to me at
Boscobel. 23-its T. CARRIER.
LITTLE GRANT
SORGHUM WORKS!
I am plea«d to inform my old customers and the
public generally that my Borghum Works are now
running. I expect to be able to sell good
SORGHUM SYRUP
to all who may call on me during the next sixty days
cheap for essli or on time. All persons who bought
svrup of me one year ago and ag-ec l to return tho
kegs und barrels, are requested to return them Im
mediately, as 1 must It ve them. .1. H. CIIIiKOH.
Lido Grant, Sept 14, M7l. t it
NOTICE—Mur ent.
11. ALLEN, agent ofC A Murray, vi-Jt Grant
county about the first id December mot later than
that timeifor the purpose of receiving do,s to Mr .Mur
ray Payment of all amount* then due will be re
quired promptly and ill tub without am further ex
tension. and parti** will govirn lliemoive. oecot-I
l n« 11 ALLEN.
Dated Getieseo, N Y., Oct 0, 1871. gltf
PARTNER WANTED.
Being absent from my shop much or the time I
would take into partnership an *xperie n ,1 Dlock
smsth. with a little cop*to!. Tlieslo p i- doing a good
business, wbirh wi'l like'y increase 11. Wkis-TRR.
Cassrille, October 111, 1871. go« i
AUGUST MICHAELIS,
Tf»aohf*r of
MUSIC AND GERMAN.
RESIDENCE, corner of Maple amt J» •ff«r»*>n sta
23-21 ts
LNADS FOR SALE
IN PARCELS.
The Lands of Joseph Burner—ab< ut COO acres'ara
for sol*- Apply to J. Allen Barber, his Attorney, Lan
caster, Wls. ZQtt
FOR CASH
Parties who desire to SAVE
MONEY by purchasing Goods Low for Cash
can do so as
33 TJR.H.S’
We have a splendid stock of
N FiW OOODS lor the Fall and
IN inttr trade, and to cash customers we are
prepared to otF-r GREAT BARGAINS!
Call and examine stock and ju ices and satis
fy TOOr selves.
Our stock of Staple and
Fancy Dry Goods aru* \otinns is very full
ami complete.
Also a nice line of Dress
Goods. Cloakinjrv, ShatvG, &e
llals, aps and Furs of the
!cn, lor fa S a tit! Winter wear.
Roots and {Shoos, n stock
of the best.
A iitil stock ol Groceries nt
(•rices ns LOW as the lowest.
Frockery, Paper Hangings,
&e.. in gi cat variety.
In anv of the above goods
we WILL NOT BE UNDERSOLD, and
those i~hiriii to purchase will do well to call
and x.iinine our before buying else
(v here.
We shall at all times deem
it a pleasure to ,-h w our [foods to all who
may favor us witu a call.
c-r-TRY 00R TEA eJii
A. A T. A. DURR.
Lancaster Octoln r Ofn. 1-71. ISwS
PIANO TUNER.
ME,. EOSS
ol Mineral lvD t, begs to aunounco that In- is pie
pared to
Tune and Adjust Pianos
fur parlies resiling in lowa, Grant amt Lafayette
counties. aiei a', "iher pl.e where hie service.- may
he required ill he in all the neighboring towns
occe every month.
Vi e are now dealing unit, extensively iu all kinds of
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS!
an 1* »fi supply parties with everything in the way of
ihH’imm-ntß, tt jctunn, etc. Also, Instruments to rent
The Old “SINGER,”
which is at the head of the sawing machine family is
as usual sold by us DAVIS ROSS.
Minwral Point, October*!), 1871, J2lf
BARNETT’S
EXPRESS STAGE LINE!
aviA-INTOE OF TIME
SMSiNG A
1305k.1J1.-V X.XISTE:
Between Boscobel and Platteville,
Vo Fciiniinorr, Lancaster and Lllrnhoro,
C n ■■;iii2. it Lancaster with .u.gc» for
I -i and Dubuque.
OTAGES lease Boscobel aud Platteville eveiy moru-
V "f <s''*"*•*>' I't' dl at swell o’clock and run
through direct. Fasseugcra by this lino will always
hud good Bccomuiodatio s, easy aud comfortable
hacks, careful and obliging driver*, aud no delay
mating i! the moat sale, reliable and desirable route’.
■I ED. E. BARNETT,
ts Proprietor.
Agents Wanted!
LANCASTER NURSERY
A few good men who understand fruit tree* can tiud
rr.di able employment for the winter by raliilig npon
or addressing us at once. We deiiro Local Agents
iu different tow us, men of known character, who w ill
canvass in their vicinity iiuu seii
RELIABLE FRUIT TREES
of heme glow th. Ail nro invited to tnspe t our stock
of APPLE TREES which cannot he exceded for qual
ity aud well acapted variety. Nursery mile east
of the court house, Lancaster, Wis.
aotf J ILL A. A. W. HARDER.
Ti. COOK,
MERCHANT TAILOR
(Opposite Ibiklei Drag Fiore.)
LANCASTER, WISCONSIN.
j I <T sdmerrs anil loth*. llml
atui CajTrllor’s A rim tiling*, and
Gents’ Furnishing Goods!
Cutting promptly Httor-h 1 made
upun sii- t. n
Lancaster, May 31. INTO. r.gtt
WHOLESALE CARD.
IYIU Gb (Mi GROCERIES.—-PITTMAN, M WILL
lA Ms V 0.. liccobct, Wi,., Would call tho at
tention of country Merchants to their large and v». il se
lected si.x k et P-Mgs. “i.t.ct M“dicincs, Faints, Oi Is,
and llroc n s Ther« Uno need of going to Mi uau
kiv or Chicago for your g. n i mv we will duplicnl*.
Milwaukee pi i os, adding freight.
N. 8.--Sole agent i in lie- d.e| for II th d
yan s Strut,’ 1/ f Xhilr I.nul. I'licesaml quality
guaranteed. A
Store Room and Dwelling
&9 Ha JE!!
Fhc building known as "Nathan 'A Oswald’s store,"
with tour bit*, in 'I an Hope, will be sold on easy
terms. The building i- si n I ;h, Ub l.y Jfl feet
arrsngod lor store room below aad dweltiag atmva
A g.H'ii stable on the premi* s
J V OB N VTIIAN,
Lancaster, July IST t sir
BI3SO LTJTICBT.
lie firm of Fau’ A !r,j of G -n Haven,
vv is w tins day dis-i'lvci by niuti al e aisent. 'lr.
I’aui refiling Iron tio- paruier-uip t| r Humphrey,
whovoutinue* the busine-s, will sign the firm aame
in liquidation anj sett’ for a I hi i ounn conlract*il
by tho company. JOHN PAUL,
ALFbKU 111 MFIIREY.
Glcu Haven, V\ P 0- t dn r 1-7 1. g'JwA
1130 land
IUV FOR SALE.
The following described land* are offered for salt*
8W of M'4, to ,of sw 1 II v. l of 4 of uw 1 4
—all in s<ction dl.town rem;.t 4 situated one mile
from the villag- of Mt. Hope, Grant comity. V.'is. A
smitll house thereon; l» acres under cultivation;
several good springs attd a good water power for a
mill Also, 10 acres timber in the town of Millville.
For parti Ulars, app V to Til Ki 'DORK TAY LOR,
Mount Hope, \V is.
April -J*tli, 1871. 4Htf
STOCK FARM FOR SALE.
The undersigned offers for sale his farm, mile
below the village of Oassville, in the town ot O.tssvill*’
Grant comity, Wi.s, The above farm consists of the
south ballot section 27, town 3, rang is well wa
tered by several largo springs and brooks; 200 acres
of it under fence, and hit am* tinner cultivation a
young, thrifty orchard of trees n the prmises; also
a young Nursey of about TO.tgei young (one and two
year bl) tri es started a comfortable brick dwelling
and pledty of good outbuildings on the place. The
building is beautifully situated to commnti.l a view of
•he Mississippi river and Ilia Dubuque and Minnesota
Railroad lor uni sup and down the river. ‘I Ills
is the place where i raised tiio.- k large
ATEKMELO.NS The p! ice is tlli-urp.sud in Giant
county for aßtock Farm 1 will sell the above place
•frher with o> without Stock a nil Farm Implements.
Terms—One.third of tho purchase money down, the
balance on time to suit purchaser.
JOHN II C BNECI.ODK.
Dated Caasville, January 27. 1871. Mtf
MiFiill'S Saif.—Voting ft al,
"V Wiscossis, l Circuit Court In and for
County of Grant. S Grant County, Wls.
Judgment i t Foreclosure and Bale
Henry Thols, plaintiff vs Joseph Young, Henry Van
Book an! Benjamin Van Bee It. delendarits.
Rv virtue of a judgment o f foreclosure and order of
sale, rendered and m ole lu the above edlitbe! action
mi the fcitb -lay of Sept. mb-r. 1871. directing that sale
he made of the lands and pii-mi***. de*. rib-1 therein,
to-wit.- Ibe nr.rtli we,f ,rt, r olarcti.n twnty
eight, town one, north t„ west, in Grant
conoty. M 1 I „u. ire -day, the goth day
ol Bc.--ni-.er, In at one k p JJ, at the front
''id .cm, v,i oi La< irast-r,
V"; the h -ft 1,1,1.
f r ,<l, 1., ~t j- no! merit, interest there, n
and cost ol -aie Hyp t S LOAT,
Sheriff Grant county. Wis
M >.f EL MERRICK, pul's »ti
Dated October gl*t 1871. o> w
iUjotf of Shoemaker.
C.nnty
lU d«!.“as U, d""' M»r, ;ar c t hhuMwlaT,
Gil ns. Sic: -uidhi.-n Ml.ep. lition of JeroineSlioe, k r

I'} T l •hat said petition be heard brfor- the
f o ,ll ur, ri .MomUy.tl.e 4Hi .lav of bemmb-r
counl, 1,1 n c,ock 1 M ••UuVa.ierin -»,d
Order'd forth ir, that notiea tlierenfbe given to the
belis ol said deceased and to all persons iuter-ted. by
publishing a copy of this order lor three nice*, ,ve
r r lo HM h! day 01 hearing in the Grant t., ju
st I* I d a w kly newspaper printeil and published
Ht Luitiftitfr ir* Hftid county 4
By the court WM MoUIjNIGAL, County Judge.
at Laticanter, Novt*mt><jr 22d, Hi7l. &iwJ
ALL KINDS OF BLANKS
For Sale at the Herald Office