HUHTIIIQ-TGIf.
,UaLilLli2Llatfs
Meat
last evening at 66 for the old Issue and 65
Corros Is in lair request in New York
and prices firm at 16iccmUngEXi3uS2rj
Oveii exertion, eithfir.pf. mlndcc3ody
sometimes appears to tell on a succeeding
rI-generatioiEiAs'8n' Ulustrrfi6is;ilt"l3aietP-!
tioneUthatuaron liumooldt war bne"'of I
one of the laziest He had vigorous health,
thQOepnan ftfgagQggff he kgngggB I
jajiuAScntyjeacuar. bo -of-Jils lire. jn,bed.
Tho toilsome efforts of the author of Cosmo.
from ftie" peaks Qf 4he Ande. to ihe Eolar,
seas, wemCimmplnsatedlaiis soa by.j
the 6elf-indulgencc oLa y baritc Rust?apj,,
patently consumes, nevertheless laster tuan
iAbgrwcara, tliis luxurious' d5n fpf a
hardy stock styledj a sonaerlingn by his
contempoies-'Berpg-T-diod ata' ranch.
earlier age than the great savan, his father.
t ?L, T
Tho II cel. or tho Docket.
'Nov. The cases con
linued.atthis.tenn. o the Supreme ,Cour!f
of the United. Staid! after- Monday next- will
"he put at the foot ct the calendar. Cjr next
LGjm, iiiiiua v.iHzivfix &uauv ordered bv
l.o This will rmt
whether Benj. B. Curtis, -trill nmn)
position oGAssociate Counsel before-"the
Geniva Arbitration.
of the Census
Office, vWill ".rnlrTMv twiri linnTnnlnti
.nip.nt,rfjimmissi0ner 0f lndian"AfiairsH
the court. This will puto'j' jji cases so
r cbtilitftjaeror'least.firo Tears.
j. ue auministrauon nas r ,r,i
aa incrcase.oi .saiary.suau ue pro-
T"ne I'rcsideut'and Secretary of War had
a. JfiJrcnce.relative.ioJbe squatters on the
Osage lands. If they shall not remove, in
compliauce,wlth notice of the Secretary of
C ylleinterior,.tney will "be ejected bymilitary
jforce.
Vincent Colyer has received a letter from
Indian Agent Stout, dated Gila river, Oct.
30,'compla!nii)g that 'white men on the line
.TOofdte'GUa.merhad taken the water to
themselves, so that the Indians were de
prived df Hie" .means of irriatinc their
grounds for agricultural purposes, and thauJ
vnen unn.juim.iuia announced his inten
"llon of asking permission to take 127 of his
xaen to drive the whites off. The Indiates
"Tfill have'to'move away if the water does
not. come, pr else starve- These tribes have
JieretofoiTe been peaceable. They claim
the lands on which the whites 'are now set-
tied on.
Gen. choBeia.iCfoba placed in control
of India'is in Arizona. "ne will be instru'et-
'.-,ed.to bring all in licor, reservation and keep
them there. They vill be fully protected
n,ai! their rights vhik onTCservation.: Iir
thcy leave hrgo Km the war palh they will
be punished-,
5;?.rreey nnd ConnterfelUne.
The report of the Comptroller's currency
for thisrear is completed. Its principal re
commendation relates to protection against
connjerfcits.
s ..--.'iSpccjal to the IxniSTllle Ledger.
Delegrato Hooper, of Ctnli,
will make a desperate effort .this winter' to
lianriorilzfe the affairs in his Territory and
ihe JJederaLGoverament,. by pressing a bill
j-iefore' Congress for the admission orUtah
sis a Staled and prescribing therein that hcre
afterjUieresballJbe nojnore jwlygamous mar
liagcs', and' that the rights of those families
who are nowinvolvel in the Jlormom system
shall not be impaired. On this basis. a set-
Jlemerit could .be had which, Jae thinks,
would be final. Mr. Hooper has made no.
overtures to any ollicer of the. present ad
niihistration, preferring to deal' directly wjth
.iJongress, who have soie power to regulate
the allairs pf Territories..
More Stealing.
Gen. Babcock, who succeeded Gen. Mlch
leras C6minissioner of rublic Buildings
and Gronnds, has just made a report, in
which he shows his predecessors to have ac
cumulated an indebtedness of $52,000,
which now stands charged, against, them,
'for chjiyrig which there was no authority
1 of- 'lair vhate'ver. .The .oidy conclusion
seems Ko be that they all will steal.
Grant Reproving Grant.
Vhen Johnson was President, andlhc Bal
timore riots were in progress, Grant, who was
a then General in 'the: army, yras ordered' to
take' troops"! nto tarylana, and assist the
local authorities in enforcing the laws. This
was in 'October, -1800.- Grant replied to
Johnsor in a letter, written- in his own
j hand, writing as follows,: 4The conviction
r. 3h forced on my mind, that no reason now
exists for givng ox i)romising the military
aid of the Government to support the laws
j .inMarjiand, The tendency of giving such
'attl "or premise would be to produce the very
result intended to be avoided. So far, there
seens to-be merely a very bitter contest for
Jioli'ical ascendancy in the State, and inter-J
lerencc would be interpreted as giving aiu
to ojie of the iketions,.no4natter what were
the intentions, or how guarded and just the
instructions. It Is a contingency I hope
never io sec arise in this country while I
occupy tho position as General-in-Chief of
"'""thenriy, to have to send troops into a
.State. in full relation with the General Gov
ernment, on the eve of .an election, to pre
f .serve.the peace. Jfinsurrectiondoes come,
.thejaw provides ''the method of calling out
tforces to suppresslc."
UTAH.
Fonr Feet of Snow on the I-cvcl All
Travel Stopped Miners in Danger or
Starvation.
-SirLfua:,Xov. 7. Phillips and Daniel
Jones and a mau .named Wright, were ar
rested tliis afternoon by United States
Marshal, Patrick, for the murder of Bennett
whose body was found near the city about
a week ai;o, who was represented to liave
been killed while in the act of- stealing
horsL's. It is said now, and generally be
lieved, that Bi-iiuett was shot in cold blood
on account of a woman.
-rrThe weather is reported extraordinarly
severe in some of the mining districts. In
Big Cottonwood to-day snow was four feet
deep oh a level, with fearful drifts. As high
as thirty dollars were offered to carry sixty
t. t. pounds of provisions up the Canon, but no
teams could be found to attempt' tlie pas
sage. It is feared tliat the miners will suffer
for want of food.
Gen. C. C. Augur and family arrived
yesterday. The General is said to bo act
-i ing under direct instructions from thePres
ident. He leaTes to-morrow evening for
Washington.
nrigham "Vounjj.
The Mormons say tliat Brighain Young
is at St. George, and that he went thcrejto
aU.'.nl the Seini annual Conference of the
r. church.lbr tliat part of the Territory.
IYcianitions are making- to organize a
grand body of Masons for Utah. j
I'oljsnmons.
Salt Laki:, Nov. 8. The Salt Lake
"llitalil, to-day in its leading editorial, denies
the statement" that polygamy was not a part
of thCMormon' faith prior to the passage of j
the act-of territorial legislation of March C, j
1&52. It was practiced before tliat period
jA'hy tlie Mormons, and tliat thereby four out
of thirty-nine of tliat Legislature were prac-
tlcal polygamisls, and believed in the
'doctrine. This argument is that polygamy
was practiced, but tlie Herald gie no evi
dence tliat it was apprised or authorized
""by the Mormon Church prc.ious to An;;.
U,21, 1S52.
THE PACIFIC SLOPE.
U Fatnl Sqnable with a Mother-in-law.
Sav Fkancim-o, 'ov. 8. Joshua L.
Jonei shot and killed his father-in-law, Jnr.
"Still, on Stewart street; result of a quarrel
""with his mnther-in-law.
A Venerable Impostor.
Wrestling Joe, claimant to Carruthcr's
estate including Carnitherts addition to
"Portland, Oregon, lias been arrested for per
jury.. It is sclaimed his name Is Davidson
not iti'oinasiiapd is an impostor. .He is Hi
j years rtld and from the vicinitgoftOincin-
-nau.
BlUwkUud, Me., boasts itrfirsMsnow;' two
inches deep.
tiibeWiMs.!
NEW YORK.
Coaplete Overthrow of Tammaiiy,
5 CiasyO'CoBCr foVtk'e Prf slflcricyi
Jj It Xcvcr Rains lint It Poars,
XewYoek, -5foy. -8 No-election In
many years has been as full and peaceable
arid fair' as that of yesterday. In all but
Toufof the 485616111(3 of the city
euneruno i4epuuiican"or "lieiunn can'..
dates -.jverjplected. Sigel's majorio for
Register is 5,000." Barrett for Juj 0E the
Supreme .Courtats Idwitv-tt xain-
manymommee, oy a neavy Tj-jajory.1 Tweed
Eighteen Tlcpubliean tMti.iinAtM from tb
city are elected acr!,nfcMi,wT!"TirnnY mVi.
didate's. "JTEe entire "county-ticket of the
committee o; Seventy Is elected, and all
mo Keiorr;jcan(lid;lte3 for Aldermen. The
votafeli. lbe Tegistry -in many tMs-
J"cts- In the State probably twenty-two
"Ipubllcan Senators aaainst.leo Democrats
are elected. The Assembly will stand 71
RtpiiblicanAo .jfTjembcrats.
riieT tVo'r3 says' the returns Trora the
State indicate rthc election of the ReDubli-
fln ftclrpt hv nt. It Iwpntv t.li(iiis.and m.i3
jority.-'.Ast never rains but; it pours, the
majority may oe even more man mis. ve
have lost the State Legislature, and the Ke-
jiubllcans will not. fall far .short of a two-
mirufrvotem eiiner iiouse.
jUllthe Lfifteen: antirTammanvi&ldermen
are elected, in lliis, citvand fiteeii,aiitir-
Tammany and six Tammany Assistant Al-
uermen ara ejected.
Tweed's-exact -majority is 12,084, a loss
of 10,000.
Woman's Wrongs.
Victoria Woodhult and TeimieC. CLiflin
offered votes yesterday, but were refusedi
Woodhull protests in a lengtliy card.
yors.i.t). U.'Mansneid, tiie iaoyjirincipai,
ami other ladies of Rockland Institute at
Myock, voted yesteaday.
A assault was committed on the paymas
ter in the City Chrmberlain's office by a
reporter who was told he could ,not see
Bradley. The reporter was arrested.
Fnller Bctnrns St Arntlo Scjmiour De
feated.
.Further election returns show that. John
son. Democrat, is elected to the Senate from
the 26th district of the State, making that
body stand 24 Republicans, and 8 Demo
crats, including one Tammanyite, Tweed.
In the Assembly the Republicans have about
40 majority. Horatio Seymour is defeated
by 'ihos. U. .b l&us by i,J4i to ib. Sam
uel J. Tilden has 3,000 majority. Aleck
Frear, Tammanyite, has 15 majority in the
15th district. There is one precinct to be
heard from. Hall, Democrat, is -elected
from the "21st dis net. Curtis and Sedg
wick, Democratic Reform and Republican.
are chosen for the Superior Court over
Jones and Spencer by about 22,000 majori
ty. Spaulding, Republican, is- .elected for
the Marine Court by 21,000. Barret's ma
jority over Ledwith is nearly 44,000.
in, lirooklyn Jewell s majority is -i,.rjy
over Booth, while the latter beat Kalbfleish
(1,128. The chairman of the Republican
Committee of Brooklyn has called a meet
ing to-morrow, to take. measures to contest
the alleged fraudulent election.
According to an estimate of the Albany
Ezeninn Journal fRen.1 the Legislature
will stand Senators, Republicans 24, Demo
crats 6, Reform Democrats 2. Assembly,
Republicans SO, Democrats 33, Reform
Democrats 5.
'Tweed.
There were various rumors current this
evening to the effect that Tweed had re
signed as 'Head of "the "Public I'arks Departs
inent, and also thai he had left for Europe.
There appears to be no foundation for
either. On the contrary, there is good au
thority for the statement tliat Tweed has
no intention of resigning.
Measures will be taken by the Reform
Committee to. arrest those accused of viola
ting the election laws, engaged in false can
vass of votes, and who refused admittance
to the polling booths of tho watchers ap
pointed by the committee.
Alter the Battle.
There is a general feeling of demoraliza
tion among the defeated Tammanyites.
Many ofthem confident pf their'-'eleetion,
were surprised at the result of the election.
As a general thing, they spent largely of
their means. It is said some few of thdm
are wholly bankrupt.
Last evening Tammany Hall was de
serted. The enthusiasm of the members
who could be found at the club rooms
throughout the city seemed to have de
parted. The reformers believe that Rossa
would have defeated Tweed had he been
able to be at the polls. Thieves and row
dies had control of the district, which ac
counts for the result of the election. The
election is to be contested.
The ereat -victory of reform was the brin-
cipal topic to-day in afl'circles throughout
the city. At the City Hall where flags were
displayed in honor of the result,-the politi
cians in the pay 'of Tammany "seemed be
wildered. On the door of the Mayor's office
a large placard in'blazing letters was posted,
bearing the following: "The Downfall of
Tammany Hall."
O'Conor for President
Leading Democrats of the State and city
are beginning to talk about nominating
Clias. C'Conoras the Democratic candidate
J'or the next President.
NEW JERSEY!
Xkwark. X. J., 2fov. 8. State returns
since this morning indicate a majority of
about 5,000 for Parker. In .the Legisla
ture tlie Republicans have 37 Assemblymen
and the Democrats 29. The Senate stands
12 Republicans to 0 Democrats. Complete
returns may vary these figures a trifle.
MARYLAND.
Baltimore, Nov. 8. The Democratic
majority on the State ticket is about 12,000.
VIRGINIA.
New York, Nov. 8. A Richmond spe
cial says Virginia has given about 20,000
Conservative majority, with a two-thirds
Conservative Legislature elected.
Richmond, X a.,. Nov. 8. The election
returns indicate tlie House of Delegates
to be about the same political complexion
as the last, which was two-thirds Conser
vative. The Itepublicans probably gained
one or two Senators.
ILLINOIS.
Caicaoo, Nov. 8. The entire official
report .of the city has not yet been obtain
ed but Mr. Mcdill's majority for Mayor is
about 11,250. Mr. Gage's majority for
Treasurer is a little larger than this, while
the balance of the ticket is a little less. The
total vote will be near twenty-four thous-
nnil.
Beyeridge, tlie Republican candidate for
Congressman at-, large, has about three
thousand majority in the city and about
five thoiisand in the city 'and county. He is
rlnrfa bv nrobablv thirty thousand In the
State.
Of twenty Aldermen'clected in the city
fifteen are lire proofs and'five bummers.
Minnesota!
St. Pavl, Mix, Nov. 8. The returns
are in from most points reached by the tele
graph and indicate tho election of the'Re
publican State ticket by from 8,000 to 10,-
IKW majority.
Gov. Austin runs some behind his ticket.
as does also Jennison for Secretary of State,
owing to a diversion of 'the Scandinavian
vote for Folk.
--KANSAS.
Atchison, Kansas, Nov. 8. The en
tire Republican ticket was elected in this
county yesterday by majorities ranging from
65 to 500. In Doniphan, Jemaha, and
Marshall 'connties" "Republicans elect their
-officers. vi"
x
LirxtK Roar, Nov. 8.-0&tc)al returns
Irom all the wards idmmi u
ticket, headedliy GenrCattcrson for Mayor,
byn average majority of two to one. 1
P.Tr"-.i:ueaasa buke to the.
ut7r: V i -removal of Catterson, the
late Marsha WMnni ttiVLj 77:
vif Aoey, Brooks iiid. Fatten, late
rsul ouu Viswroi internal revenue.
rejoicing -among the ppponeitts orthe State
and Nau6nalAdministrati0ns'j3 very great.
The Etenina Journal. Bronlm'
J VWfW f a
joices greatly to-night tiyer the result 6f
jesferaay(a election, it says:
"Tha city ring is broken, the thieves and
ballot box stuffers are routed, horse, foot
and dragoons. This great victory of an,
honest people-overptiblic plunderers b tho
beginning of their, downfall. They hafe
reached their"zenith, forward the' decline.
In this Capital their infamies culminat
ed, and here the people have given them
the, worst terrible blow," which, faithfully
followed iipn other localities and in-next
years elections, will consign them to the
oblivion their-crimes merit. A fouler pack
never infested any municipality. A. more
terrible rebuke has seldom been bestowed.
Let tho people take heart. What has been
done in Little Rock can be done through
out the State".""
The Republican, Senator Clayton's organ,
makes no comments.
The Gazette (Dem.) says the result gives
general satisfactions Aood .Conncil havo
been elected. The new Mayor will honestly
discliarge the duties of his office.
Tho proposition to subscribe $100,000 to.
the Central Railrood'was defeated by a vote
of 331 to 60S,
MISSISSIPPI.
Anticipated Scgro Klot In Tanlca
Connty.
'Special to tile Cincinnati Enquirer.
Memphis, Nov. 7 On Eriday last two
negroes quarreled at the stole of Bounce
Wynu, at-Austin, Tunica county, Mississip
pi, and were ordered by the proprietor to
leave and finish the quarrel outside. This
they refused to do, and dared Wynn to
eject them. He did so, and soon 'after one
of them returned, and. inakintr a motion as
if to draw a pistol,was shot dead in his tracks
by Wynn, who subsequently delivered liimj
self to tho authorities, and was blaced in
jail and heavily ironed-
Lrowds of infuriated negroes surround
ed the jail and swore they would take him
out and lynch him. The Sheriff, who is a
Uadical, placed a euard around the lau: but
fears the negroes will carry their threats in
to execution. Since the "imprisonment of
Wynn a number of necroes have been on
guard around the prison, evidently watch
ing in order to carry out some bad purpose.
To-day being election day in Mississippi
hundreds of negroes will crowd in Austin,
and it is feared the threats to lynch the
prisoner will be carried out. A letter from
Wynn last evening expresses his belief that
the negroes 'will hang him to-day unless
some protection Teaches him.
ALABAMA.
Montgomery, AlA., Nov". '8. Sam'l F.
Rice a leading RcpubU&in in Alabama, is
defeated for the Legislature by Knox, by
over 3,000 majority.
uomo.
Contested Election.
of the veterans of tho National-Home, Day
ton, aoout -3uu oi whom were rejected at
the October election, will be tested ina con
tested election case. The testimony com
menced taking to-day.
GEORGIA.
Items for the Congressional Hn.KInx.
AtlAATA, Nov. -8. The Senate lias
passed a resolution denying the existence
of a Ku-Klux organization "and suggesting
to the Ku-KIur Committee to summon the
Judges of the Superior Court, as .witnesses,
offering legislative aid to enable the com
mittee toget at all facts of alleged disorder.
Tlie House passed a bill repealing the
act to prevent the -collection of taxes for
1807, '68 and 'CO.
boston:
Chicago Cripples.
Boston, Nov. 8. The Boston Hide and
Leather Insurance Co., Whose risks in Chi
cago amounted to $720,000, it is believed
wUl pay fifty per cent and probably wind
up its affairs. The .New tngiand Uo. is
also heavily insolvent; will pay sixty per
cent. The Independent, with risks to the
extent of over $1,100,000, has commenced
paying 25 per cent. All the other Boston
companies are promptly paying in full a3
fast as claims are presented.
MISSOURI.
Weeping Trees.
St. Louis, Nov. 8. A letter to the De
mocrat, from Knobnoster, Mo., mentions a
singular physical phenomenon occurring
there. It says a continual rain has des
cended for two weeks from a cloudless sky,
and confined to a space of only twenty feet
in uiaine'.er. Ihe penomenon has been
observed by many persons, and the writer
asks for a scientific explanation.
SUBOItDlXATX OFFICIALS Ml'ST XOT
RECEIVE PRESENTS.
From the 'Washington Patriot, .Xov..3.
The propensity of President Grant for
accepting all sorts of presents, from houses,
lands and Horses, tiown io aeneca stone
stock and bull pups, is f.imiliar to every cit
izen of these United btates. urant will
take anything he can get, and
his bad example has demoralized
the public service and made present
takers of subordinate officials. But it seems
that while the President ot the United
States, who gets a salary of $25,000 a year
and a house to live in, may take all the
gifts politicians offer, a poor letter-carrier,
who travels through our streets in all
weathers, and who gets a salary of SS00 a
year, may not accept of donations which
those he serves would freely give. In or
der to guard against this, the Postmaster
General yesterday Issued the following or
der:
Portoffice Department, asiiikg-
ton, D. C, JNov. U, toil. uomplamts
having been received tliat the letter. earners
and several of the free delivery officers so
licit donations by. means of New Tear's
addresses, and this practice being consid
ered prejudicial to the service and deroga
tory to the respect carriers should at an
times command, it is therefore ordered that
tlie issuing of any address or substitute
therefor by letter carriers, intended or cal
culated to induce the public to make them
donations, or the soliciting of presents by
any means wliatever, be forbidden.
J. A. Cresweo.,
Postmaster General.
If the public choose to make presents to
the subordinates who do their duty faith
fully we do not see why a Cabinet officer
should interfere. These letter-carriers are
far more useful in their sphere than Grant
is in his. They certainly attend more faith
fulls to the public business than the Presi
dent does.
CONDENSED TELEGRAMS.
The Canadian Parliament opened at Que-
bee yesterday. The Lieutenant Governor
reported that several emigrant agents had
been appointed in Europe and states tliat
their labors were gratifying.
A lisliing schooner from Gloucester lias,
been lost, with all on hoard, off the Nova
Scotia coast.
Frank Winslow, of the Boston Jotirnof,
wiiile stepping from a car Tuesday, was
struck by another train and instantly
killed.
The Board of Directors of the Longview
Lunatic Asylum, Cincinnati, liave resolved
to institute suit against-Dr. Langdon, former'
Superintendent, to recover funds alleged to
naye oeen misappropriates j
JNAbJtLYlJjIiJli. TJSJN JN
CHICAGO..
Xhreoiani a Half XlUioa? efiSellcf.
Twenty ThTHsaKi Persons Heased.
Sbctj Thousand Betog FcTdj.
Chicago, Nov. 8. The Executive Com
mittee of the Chicago" Relief and Aid So
ciety have' pUblBhbd an, official financial
statement The amount actually received
up to Nov. 7, is $2,050,000. The amount
actually: .subscribed? is about $3,500,000.
This includes $600,000 in the hands of the
New York Chamber of Commerce, and
$250,000 In the Boston fund, not yet. placed
to the credit of the fund. -The Society' is
now aiding about 60,000 persons. The
committee say the great matter now press
ing upon them Is shelter Sax the coming
winter. To this end we lave been aiding
those burned out to replace small but com
fortable houses, on their own orunon leased
lots, where they will live notonly this winter,
uui nesi. summer, anu oe reaay.io WorK in
rebuilding the city. Of these houses which
are really very comfortable, being 16 by 25
feet, with" two "rooms, one 12 by 16 feet and
and one 8 by 10 feet, with planed and
matched floor, panel doors and good win
dows, ,we have already furnished over four
thousand, making permanent houses, allowing-
five to -a .family. These houses and
some barrack, In both of which Li a moder
ate outfit of furniture, such as stoves, mat
trasses, and a little crockery, will consume
say $1,200,000, leaving $2,250,00 with which
to meet nn demands for food, fuel and cloth
ing and general expenses, from the 13th of
Oct; last, when we took the work, until the
completion.of the same, which cannot nos-
sibly end with the present winter.
WISCONSIN.
Tho Measure or Charity Filled.
Executive Department. State op
"Wiscoxsuf, Madison", Nov. 8. To the
people of the Uidted States The relief
committee informs me that the supply of
clotliing on hand, m transit, or ready for
sliipment, will be sufficient for the sufferers
by the fire in tliis State. No further con
tributions of the kind are needed. Now
that your generosity has comfortably clothed
the needy for the winter, they would not
tax your liberality a moment longer than
necessary, and gratefully thank vou for
your liberal and timely aid.
.Lucius Paircihld,
Governor of Wisconsin.
LOUISVILLE.
Organization of the River Convention.
Louisville, Nov. 8 The convention of
steamboat men of the Ohio and Mississippi
Valleys, met at the Gait House at 2 o'clock
this afternoon. About one hundred and
twenty delegates were in attendance. Sev
eral Consressmen were present. Organi
zation and the appointment of busienss to
the various committees, occupied the after
noon session. The different sections of the
steamboat law were divided among the
committees on the different subjects, who
will probably report to-morrow. The con
vention will visit the canal in a body to
morrow afternoon and will be entertained
at a banquet at night. Mr. John S. New
berry, 01 Detroit, was elected president of
the convention. The apportionment to
committees was completed in the night ses
sion, and the convention adjourned to meet
at 10 o'clock to-morrow A. M. Col. Jilsou
P. Johnson, at the Gait House, invited the
reporters present to dine at tlie Gait House
during the convention.
FOREIGN.
Widespread Revolution In Mexico
GREAT BRITAIN.
The Hero of Snmtcr.
London, Nqv. 8. The remains of Gen.
Robert Anderson will be conveyed to
America in tho United States 'steamer
Guerriere.
Tho meclianics and laborers employed In
the shipyard of "Messrs Laird at Birken
head, have held a meeting and unanimous
ly resolved' "to insist upon a restriction of
the day's labor to nine hours.
The Times nnd Tammany.
London Nov. 96 a. m. The Times,
m a leader on the election in New York,
rejoices in the defeat of Tammany, congrat
ulates the electors on the result, and hopes
an example will be made of men guilty of
corrupt practices.
A Rotten Roller.
A boiler exploded on the steamer Genii;
0 men killed and 9 injured.
Xapoleon.
Napoleon visited the military academy at
Chiselhurstjesterday and inspected the ca
dets. GERMANY.
Berlin. A Conference of Diplomats
will be held in Dresden at an early day to
devise precautionary measures against the
Internal bociety.
AUSTRIA.
Crashing: Oat X.ocnl Self-Government.
Vienna, Nov. 8. The Bohemian Diet,
in session at Prague, voted unanimously
against the election of delegates to the
Keichsrath. The government has in conse
quence ordered the immediate close of its
deliberations.
FRANCE.
The Responsibility ofXctz.
Paris, Nov. 8. The Commission of En
quiry on the capitulations made by French
Generals during tue war is prosecuting its
investigations with great vigor. Marshal
Bazaine, who had already appeared before
it, has now sent a voluminous report of the
siege of Metz, together with letters received
by him from Napoleon during the invest
ment. It is said that the judgment of the
Commission will bear with great severity
on those principally responsible for the sur
render of the fortress.
HOLLAND.
Kclling out Her Colonics.
Amsterdam, Nov. 8 In view of recent
negotiations with the British Government
in regard to the Dutch possessions in Asia
and Africa, the Netherlands Trading Com
pany, which has long acted as the broker ol
the Government m its liast India trade, lias
held a meeting to consider the policy of
continuing its qrganization for a further
period of twenty-hve years. The decision
unanimously arrived at was to adopt that
course in preference to closing its operations
at present
MEXICO.
Chronic Chaos.
Mexico, Nov. 30, via Havana, Nov. 8.
Anarchy prevails in many States. The
revolution in Nuevo Leon still continues.
Revolutionary movements are spreading In
other provinces. The revolutionists in Zac
atecas have invaded the State of San Luis
Totosi. Numerous bands of men are sack.
ing villages and haciendas in the Stitcs cf
Hudco, Mexico. -and the federal district.
Robberies are committed in sight, of tho
gates of the city. Tlie authorities of the
States of Oaxaca "neglected to promulgate
the re-election oi Jaurcz.
Every cat in Paris is to be taxed three
francs" a"y ear. From which it may be sur
mised that there will be fewer cats in the
houses and more rabbits in the restaurants.
In Savannah, the other day, a rooster en
joyed a ride through the streets on the back
,of a runaway horse, which had been fright
ened by tlie perching of the fowl .upon him.
Kansas City aspires to be the emporium
for Kansas, and sneers at the pretensions of
ht&lwortK (Leavenworth) in that direction.
Just now Kansas City Is bragging of its ex-'-pSsitiorc
1
mTO94J73N JJAcrcOT
jKASm$J$,AH EDJATIiNAB
r.OlNT.
Report UTtfce Beard efTrsde apen the'
Edaeaitoaal JaMraKs. efJSavmc
by J. B. I.lnaIej, Chatrmaa of tho
A smalLtown or city is occasionally made;
famous by the great excellence of some one;
lahnc, educational institution or art gaue-
ry. A large city may" be created by the;
enormous expansion of a.'single great com
mercial or manufacturing interest. Ordi-'
Tvirilv. linwBvw. imrifc and influential cities
are built up by energetic1 -and active men
co-operating with each other ta. planning
and carrying forward a variety of pursuits
which mutually react upon and aid one the
other. Mechanical and mercantile are the
agencies which build up .populous cities
educational' and governmental thosa which
give' infldtaice and fame 'to cities.' -The
former furnish the body the latter the
soul. A great soul in a little body has hon
or and homage, reign and 'renown i among
the human family; .A great body -jrlth 'a lit
tie soul has nought of either, but rather igj
nominy ana contempt, a great uouy wiui a
great soul is the perfection of man. There
are cities in Christendom, counting their in
habitants by the hundred thousands, which!
In the great w.orld of Intellect count as
ciphers. There are other cities with a pop
ulation so limited as barely to be entitled to
the name, which are known and honored
by the lovers of liberty and religion every-
wnere. Ana mere are sim omens, oeuura
of manufactures and great marts of com
merce, which reckon their chief glory to
be the possession of great names In science,
literature, art and religion.
As to the father his own is the dearest of.
all families, so to the. citizen his own is the;
chief of cities, Mere alone can he exercise;
tlie civic virtues. His cifyr is part of him
self. He is part and parcel of the city.
His own interests cannot be separated from
those of the city. The interests of the city
are the interests of its citizens. Hence, as
Nashvillians, we are a community. "To
gether we must advance and prosper, or
else decay or grow poor. We may never,
like Pittsburg or Manchester, become an
immense manufacturing city, or like Liver
pool or Baltimore a great commercial mart,
or like Glasgow and New York combine
the triple crown of commerce,manufacture3
and science; but we may become likd
Geneva or Edinboro, a city famed and re
spected for industry and trade, for science
and art, for liberty and religion. We may
build up here and leave to our children's
children a city so compacted and complete,
with all the elements of the highest Chris
tian civilization, as to render them unwil
ling to exchange their lot for that of any
other municipality in our wide imperial
republic. Tliis attainable end, so desirable
and so nobly worthy of all patient labor
and self-denial, can be wrought out if, at
the present eventful crisis in the history of
our goodly litQo city, our leading citizens,
who liave heretofore worked separately' at
individual enterprises, will with breadth cf
mind and true public spirit, without envy
and without jealousy,unite together in ad
vancing all laudable undertakings, lor the
sake of building np the general good. Asa
Nashvillian,Tind nothing but a Nashvil
lian, from early cluldhood thoroughly
cognizant with the inner and outer life of
the city, and t by years of travel enahled
to compare it with that of very many
other cities, the writer must say that want
of publicspirit'andof generous co-operation
has ever been our misfortune and bane.
The do-nothing critics have checked our
growth and progress by hanging like dead
weights upon the skirts of the active men,
who ever and anon liave endeavored to
rouse from stupid and inglorious lethargy, j
Long since .Nashville should liave been a
thriving, active city of a hundred thousand
people. Dethrone the do-nothings who are
forever decrying Aud pulling .down their
betters, and in ten years Nashville will
have reached a point, in numbers and wealth
and influence, which will enable her to take
rank with the leading cities or the land.
In organizing the Board df Trade refer
ence has been made to these cardinal prin
ciples, with hope that while- individual
selfishness in its legitimate sphere would
stimulate each citizen to aim for and de
serve success in his special calling, civic
pride and farsightedness would'unitc all in
tb furtherance of. such great enterprises
for. the public' goOd'aS'can only.be darriod
forward by the combined efforts' or manJ.
Hence education lias with great propriety
been included among the interests to be
cared for by the Board. And well may the
friends of education be cheered by the de
termination of this Board to make it one
of the great interests of the city. For the
annals of modern times prove that business
men are chief patrons of learning, art and
science. All the' great Institutions of Anglo
Saxony liave received the means of outfit
and sustentation chiefly from the
liberality of great-hearted business
men who, while confined mainly
to the engrossing pursuits of active, compe
titive life, have yet shown their love for and
appreciation of the higher qualities and
powers inherent in man by liberally endow
ing churches, schools, colleges and univer
sities. Tliis broad fact, so honorable to the
merchants, manufacturers, bankers, etc,
etc, of England and America, has ever bee n
gratefully acknowledged by the recipients of
their bounty irom the days ot tlenott to
those of Peabody and our ownMontgomery
Bell. When the business men of Nashville
are fully awakened to the magnitude and
promise of her educational interests, an im
petus will be given them, never to cease.
The business men of Boston, New York
and Pliiladelphia have not only founded and
splenddliy endowed great schools and great
libraries aud great museums in thcirrespec-
tive cities, but to them mainly do Harvard,
Yale and Nassau Hall owe their buildings,
infit and maintenance. One family of mer
.cliant princes so set forward the gemus. and
talent of Florence as forever to iden
tify its own name with tliat of Ital
ian art and culture. Let the business
men of Nashville take hold of this sub
ject in earnest, make themselves acquainted
with the solid and lasting foundations laid
by tlie unwearied and self-denying labors
of good men and able, during three genera
tions now past study well the admirable
position and facilities of Nashville as a great
educational site combine in one harmoni
ous whole the various institutions now in
existence add others readily created and
promote good feeling and co-operation be
tween all the intellectual enterprises now
separately adorning and-vivifying the city,
and m a very short tune that wmcu Uhar
lottcsville and Lexington now do for the
Southeast, will here be accomplished for the
Southwest. No insignificant prize is this.
No unworthy ambition is it to desire such a
prize. Yet it is perfectly within our reach.
Nothing but stolid indifference and suicidal
selfishness can prevent our seizing it. With
out wishing to be dogmatic as to the de
tails or special features of a plan intended
to show what may be made of Nashville as
a great educational centre, we will endeav
or, in the brief space allowed
tliis report, to throw out a few hints wluch
may be taken up and improved upon by our
practical business men. As such they wish
to have great institutions of learning in and
around our city, because the crowds of stu
dents attracted by them from a distance
add vastly to our material Interests be
cause tlie facilities they furnish for educa
ting our sons and daughters retain large
sums of money at home, and what is better
yet, enable us to enjoy the society of our
own offspring at the very time of life when
that society is most cnclianting to us, and
most needs our control and guidance; be
cause the existence of such institutions in
our midst places it within the reach of mary
citizens to give their children a far better inj
tellectual and moral training than otherwise
possible; and, because the men of learning
and taient nunureu oy ana supponea m
these great schools will give, our city so en
viable a reputation, so solid a glory as to
make each one of us glow with natural and
honorable pride wherever and whenever our
citizenship is announced. AVe speak tho
words of truth and soberness when we say
tliat the business men of Nashville have
it clearly within their power to place tliis
comparatively small, but centrally Interior,
city upon an educational eminence as con
spicuous and as glorious as that of Geneva
or Zurich, of Edinboro .or Leydcn, of New
Haven or Ann Arbor.
In any business whatever among most
important elements of strength the good
will or reputation attained, by skillful and
honest labor extending through a long pe
riod of years is nlwavsjieckonedmotleasL
Business firms. this respect are notua-
loll- -N-ttW SEKJLES--2jJ"0 992
WHOLESALE DEALERS TN
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, .ETC.,
"WE ABB NCW IN RECEIPT OT A VERY LARGE STOCK OF:
AM DOMESTIC DRY 600DSf NOTIONS, ETC
FOR THE FALL TRADER
.TO "WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
EVANS, PITE, PORTER CO.'
3. B. SPDELOCK.
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WHOLESALE GROWS Ai COTTON FACTORS,
DEAXERS m FOREIGN AUD DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nob. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street,
Bagging and Ties Furnished
Exclmhre Agents for the sale of Manning's 'Whisky and Annis Sheetings.
ocl 3m ep
GILBERT, PARKES CO.,
COTTON FACTORS,
GROCERS AND COMMISSION
JTbs. 57 and 59 South College Street,
JJ--SU. J X I 1T1E, TZEJXSnNT.
TEING EOCATED AT THE LARGE NEW
JL
otl
OEO. C AIiIlEX CO.. and havtnz
other Produce, we hope, with renewed efforts,
.heretofore bestowed upon na.
Bagging and Ties Furnished and
AGENTS FOR THE CELEBRATED CARVER COTTON GINS.
anglS eod till novD
like families, A good name descending from
gene'ratldn to generation. Nashville as an
educator has to-day a good name to be
gin with. We inherit the good wili of a
vast region of country extending from the
long border line between Kentucky, Mis
souri and Tennessee Arkansas on the north
to the Mexican Gulf and frontier on the
south. There is not a county in all this
immense empire in which the name of
Nashville is not known and honored as a
seat of literary and religious culture. When
it is borne in mind that the geographical
position of a Tery largo portion of tliis re
gion will for generations to come cause
large numbers of youth to" be s6nfc north-'
ward for education, the value of this iigh
reputation will at once be appreciated by
the Board of Trade. For this most valu
able Interest wa are indebted to various
benefactors, whose labors call here be only
glanced at, but whose names will always bo
luminous in the annals of Nashville, and
continue to grow brighter and brighter, a3
a wider and still widening circle of gratelul
descendants and successors shall enjoy the
fruit of their heroic bravery and self-denial.
line hrst place on this roll of honor must,
in historic truth, be assigned to the remark
able men who founded the commonwealth
ol Tennessee, to the pioneers or early set
tlers of this country, as they are commonly
styled. Upon these .men, by universal con
sent, i3 bestowed the highest praise for all
those qualities constituting tougn, rongii,
heroic manhood. Their bravery,
hardihood, endurance, fortitude, self-
denial, wisdom, foresight, resolution,
couraee, strengtli, stall, integrity, virtue,
have been oft and acain the subject of elc-
jneurpnlnsiirm by the distinguished orators
who lavasovaaorneatne annaisoT Tennes
see. Strange it is that their great fountain
virtnes, from whence alond can spring such
good fruit, hae been So much" overlooked.
The early settlers of grand East and lovely
Middle Tennessee were men and womertoi
christian faith of the soundest type. The
Bible, as interpreted by Calvin and Knor,
was their palladium. They were pilgrim
fathers. They came here to endure all man
ner of danger and hardship that they might
lay the foundation of a christian communi
ty, and better' tlie condition of their chil
dren, whose weliare tncy preierreq to weir
own ease and comfort. By these high and
holy motives, neither more nor less, were
the Flymonth colonists moved, as have been
all successfid colonists since the days of the
Patriarch Abraham, whose life and faith
were household lore with our ancestors oi
Jiorth. Carolina, Franklin and Mero Dis
trict. In common with all diristlans,
religion and education were with
them of prime importance. Cotemporary
with the origin of their towns, counties and
State was the founding of their schools,
academies and colleges. In reading the
pages of Ilaywocd, RamsCy and Putnam,
this fact stands out in living lights Having
uotadropoftlieirbloodinmy ve'as and
born in an Eastern collece. I may ireely
express the admiration excited in my mind
i
'by the care and attention giveu uy uiese
noble people to the cause of education,
while surrounded by perils, such as per
haps were unequalled in the history of any
other State. Their efforts were crowned
with success; Sevier, Robertson and then
associates lived to see Knoxville and Nash
ville the scaU Of flourishing colleges, and
transmitted to their successors the imper
ishable inheritance of religion and learning
co-eval with polity. Thu3this municipali
ty in its very embryo enjoyed the triple in
heritance of religion, learning and states
manship, and its proud pre-eminence of to
day must gratefully be traced hacK, as we
have thus imperfectly but truthfully at
tempted.
Learning having been recognized
by the founders of the State
as a main consideration, Craig
head, Triestly, Hume, and their associates.
Trustees of and in Davidson Academy and
Cumberland College carried into successful
action the laws and enactments upon the
subject pious ministers and eminent schol
ars thus giving life to the body framed by
Phriatian husiness men. Parallel with this
institution, we find the Nashville" Female
a rvulpmv. founded bv representative men,
such as Crotcher, and others, officered with
nhio instructors, and educatins noble and
refined women. And so the University of
Nashville and the Nashville Female Acad-
mtr iiirt. for a Ions Denod of years, ditluse
learning and science, not only among her
own citizens, hut, by reason of the multi
tudes of youth of both sexes attracted thither
by the wcu-earneu rupuuuiun ui liic insti
tutions, throughout the length and breadth
nf t.hn p.ntire Southwest.
During all this period of sixty years or
more, -Tennessee was sending her adven
turous sons and daughters to subdue and
people Alabama, Arkansas, Mississippi and
Louisiana, and Texas, the vast one State.
With all these Tennesseeans, no matter
from what portion of the State, Nashville
was a synonym forintellectual culture. Emi
grants always look back with fondest affec
tion and filial reverence to their native land.
This feeling lias beyond question contri
buted much to deepen the direct impression
produced through the pupilage ol the great
number of students from those States, a
pupilage In most cases extending through a
period of several years.
In this connection an influence which has
contributed greatly to the intellectual fame
of Nashville must not be overlooked. I
refer to her political or governmental emi
nence. Government is a matter of brain,
not of force.. Great statesmen are great intel
lpcis. Their career demonstrates the pow-
nr of intflllect.as compared-with tliat of
brute force. For many years as the Capi
tal of the State, Nashville lias been a focus
of political' influence, and through the re
markable line of Tennessee's public men,
has acquired national note In the political
world. Few other cities of America can
.cimnare with her in this respect.
k -To one of- our .most-energetic-business
men, the late Hardin P. Bo3tick, are we
and liberal Advances made.
WAREHOUSE FORMERLY OCCUPIED
BY
and having increased facilities for Ilaudllsc Cotton and
to merit a continuation of the
liberal patronage
Advancements made on Consignments.
mainly indebted for another very efficient
auxiliary to our intellectual renown. I re
fer to the Methodist Book Concern.
Tlii3 great establishment brings here
a corps of distinguished divines and
scholars, equal in number to an ordinary col
lege faculty, and furnishes us with most ex
cellent facilities for book making. The or
gan of a populous and powerful church, its
publications all bearingthe imprint of Nash
ville are circulated in every neighborhood in
every Southern State. The simple state
ment of this fact is sufficient to Impress
every member of this Board, with the vast
Influence exerted In any decade upon our
lame as a literary centre. Did time permit
I would here dwell upon tacts showing the
analogous influence) exerted by our great
political and other journals. This line of
thought once suggested will be readily ex
tended by each reflecting mind.
Xwrt, but not least, as contributing to the
educational capital of Nashville, is our sys
tem of public schools, mainly founded by
the beloved and venerated Alfred Hume,
and the direct outgrowth of the University.
These schools have in a short time placed
our city, by common consent, if not first,
at all events second to no other city in the
South, so far as popular education is con
cerned, and of themselves constitute a
foundation upon which a magnificent super
struction should be reared. With all the
wealth of intellectual capital above sketch
ed, blind iridced must we be if we fail to
erect here a grand and complete temple to
learning, science and art.
iiavms imperfectly outlined the nature
and value of the intellectual inheritance we
possess, let ns next with equal meagreness
sketch the work which our bands nowjlnd
ant In fulfilling our duty to those who have
gone before, and,, what is more disgraceful,
to the dear ones, who shall tread these streets
when we are sleeping at Mt. Olivet. As
we will show more in detail before dosing,
tho night is far spent, the day is at hand;
unless our citizens awake speedily and fully
the sceptre will depart from J udah. Other
cities and towns are thoroughly alive and ac
tive. Instead of Nashville being a Jerusa
lem, Athens or Mecca, it will become one,
and alow one, In a long list of educational
points.
Though rich in good will and reputation,
gained for Ui by the skillful and persevering
enorts ot aDie men woriong unner great dis
advantages through fully three generations,
we are intrinsically poor in our educational
outfit and facilities. All that has hitherto
been accomplished in the way of material
outfit is merely a foundation, deep and firm
indeed, yet nothing more, and really in vain,
unless we at once put up the walls, the
spires and capitals. To this idea the atten
tion of the Board of Trade is especially
called, because It is constantly our habit to
compare ourselves with Institutions in our
own or in adjoining States, and thus imag
ine ourselves rich. Whereas if we look
north, east or west, aud mark the contrast,
nnr own novertv becomes at once painfully
evident. Contemrjorarv With A decade of
civil war and chaotic government in our
region, prostrating all institutions, absolute
ly destroying many, we find throughout the
entire North a nitrvellous activity aud lib
erality in the cause of education, especially
in behalf of Colleges and Universities. We
do notmiss the mark much either side, by
stating that the benefactions from wealthy
and pious men to educational establishments
of every description, in the North from 1SG1
tr 1871. fiTMwiiprt in amount all hitherto
onntrihnted from the settlement of Ameri
ca. Tlie agsregate is over ten million of
dollars. And it must not be forgotten that
each State in the North has a public school
system at an expense to the larger States of
from one to three muuons annuaiiy.
much space as Is allotted to this entire report
could be profitably occupied With giving de
tails confirmmg the above remarKauie state
ment. We have but two substantial items of ed
ucational wealth, and it is only by a wise
combination of the elements of strength
furnished by each of these, and also by
seekinc others from cverv possible direction,
tliat we can reach the desired goal of mak
ing Nashville as renowned as Geneva or
Zurich small cities in a little European re
publicor Iew Haven, a small aty in a lit
tle American State.
to be continued.
INDIANAPOLIS.
Tho JLaFayctto Bond Declared Bank-
rapt.
I vniAXAroLis. Ikd.."Nov. 8. The follow
ins decree was entered in the District Couift
of tue unuea oiaies, io-uaj
In the matter of the First National Bank
of Lawrenceburg, IndL-no, vs. Indian
apolis, Cincinnati LaFayettc Railroad
t'ompany, at the Courthouse of the
ITnitml States, at the city of Indian.
aoolis, on the 8th day of November, 1871
This case came on to be heard in said D sj
trict Court, ana, tnere oemg no upjiusiuuii
to the same, the Court, after hearing the
proofs, and upon consideration, find all of
the matters and things alleged in the peti
tion are true it is therefore adjudged that
the said Indianapolis, Cincinnati La
Fayette Railroad Company become a
bankrupt, within the true Intent and
meaning of the act, entitled "an act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved
March 20, 1871, before the filine of said
petition, to-wit October 18, 1871. And
the said Indianapolis, Cincinnati La
Favette Railroad Comnanv is therefore
adindiied a bankrupt accordingly; and'
it is further ordered, .that said bankrupt
shall, within five-days, make and deliver to
th Marshal, ns Mpaspnffpr. a. schedule df
their creditors, and an Inventory pf the! H
estate and effects in form, anu enueu
cn the .manher required of petitioning debt
ors under said act.
:1 ii HBLD .0
LS t Jt -lain tltr
mcrsa:
AND'
FOEisiiM wm
34 Sertk Summer Street,
Business Suits,
itress suus?'
The FremeasuU ShU,
The JPea Jacket Suii,
The JVacmttrhzt ShM,
Dress C&ats,
Stock Ceats,
JVternlng- C&t&s,
Ercnixg- Cms
ELEGANT LTNE3 OT
English aid Freach Casslinere
and Black DoeskJa
r
N
STXLXSH CUT AND MADE KCAJ.X
AXTtLTSTOX W8KX.
Fall Overcoats!
IN GREAT VAKXETX.
BOYS' WE AH?
Mays'1 School Suits,
Boys' Dress Suits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Children's
upward.
Suits, Uirw years and
Youths' Dress Suits,
Youths' Promenade SuUs.
Dress and Business Shirts,
Shcviot Shirts.
NOBBY NECK WEAR
CARRIAGE ROBES,
TRUNKS, TRIMS, TRA1IM IMS.
JUL UN TUTCtTOr,
34 Worth Summer St.
ep26 till jan9,T2 tp lstp
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
CLOTHING TRADE.
We have just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-made
&$usji2Ziteth& early
Fall and Winter icear of the
Soutfaoesti than ever before,
tohieh ive vrill sell to mer
chants only) at. the very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Particular attention is call
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
These Goods, have been con
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at which we offer
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in (his marJceL
A full line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum Clotliing on
sale. Orders carefully filled.
BOLIVAR H. C00KE &C
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Public
Square.
wpUU
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING'.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
UNION All IIRIOAN
,IS PREPARED TO TURK OUT
JOB PRINTING
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,
Ib tho Most SatlsfiJCtorr Style, npm
BriefcXotice, at the low
est Rat.
OUB
nirvTlTR- nr ALU
US DEPART-
MESTSISONE OF
THE MT COMPLETE K THE SGCE
SPECIAL ATI E ST I O S
i arret to;
ORDERS FROM THE COUNT!!.
ill -.immfztM t.ii
r o