lit—
WISCONSIN KIKES.
Pnrliculnr* Ihe l)t‘Mtrurlion f thv Vil
ln#s* l (onfliue ml ion—
Terrible* I.o*m *tl Life nml Properly.
Menomonee, (>et. 11, IS7I.
The village of Poshtigo is burnt to
the /^rotiml. ami 1,000 persons are out
of homes ami employment.
Fire had been miring around tlie vil
lage some days ht*fo e, but had become
subdued, and the people felt secure;
when on Sunday night, all of a sudden,
when the wind was blowing a t inado,
it again broke out from the fires of the
camps of the hands at work on the
railroad, and immediately overwhelmed
tin* village, inmates of houses having
only time to escape as they rose from
their beds.
The people living in the main portion
of the village i ere driven by the rush
ing M imes dir tlv towards the river,
and, horrible to contemplate, cattle had
preceded them and blockaded up the
passage to the bridge: consequently
human beings had to take to the water,
where a large >rtion wore either burned
to death or drowned.
It is reported that some 150 men, find
ing escape cut oil, took to a large barn
belonging to tin* Poshtigo Company and
were burned up in it.
The wounded have been removed to
Oconto mainly, as being the nearest vil
lage, which is south of Poshtigo. The
villages of M arinette and Menomonee,
six miles north, being themselves partly
on fire, olfc.od no chance for help or
protection to the sufferers from that
quarter.
Menomonee has suffered to some ex
tent, how much we are unable to tell.
It is conceded some of tin* mills and
some dwellings have been burned. The
mill on the Point, known as tin* Hil
more mill, the property of R. Stephen
son A has been destroyed.
At Fensaukee between twelve and
fifteen barns and dwellings on tin* Little
River road were burned, 'flu* farmer-,
in that section have suffered generally
in the loss of fences and hay, and many
of them have been burned out wholly.
Tile Great Fires in the Northwest*
We arc not tin* only people who have
been crushed and desolated by tire dur
ing the past week. The magnitude of
our home calamity, and its destruction
of the telegraph wires, have combined
to (dose our eyes and ears to all sorrows
save our own, yet other communities,
hundreds of miles away from us, have
sulfered proportionately more than we.
it seems a belittling of our catastrophe,
when we consider its gigantic propor
tions, to admit even the possibility of
comparison but we forget that Chicago
is not dead, but only crushed, and that
even to-day her new life is quick and
warm, and the iiesh, strong blood is
coming back through her arteries,
quickening her energy, strengthening
her muscles, calming her nerves, and
making certain that from the ashes of
our great and noble and beautiful city
shall he built that which will lx* greater,
and stronger, and more beautiful.
Hut, while our blinded eyes witnessed
the destruction of our hollies and busi
ness j daces, the fairest forests of Wis
consin ami Michigan were being razed
to the parched and witliering earth,
their autumn tints made redder in the
approach of the all-destroying element,
and their tribute to the wealth and
prosperity of our lakes rendered forever
impossible. Wor c than this, the har
vests of Oconto, Manitowoc, Brown,
Uitugamie, Waupaca, ami Sliawanaw, of
the former State, and iluxsc of almost
the whole of Southern Michigan, from
its eastern limit to Saginaw Hay, have
been wholly ruined, while Northern
Indiana hassullered a fate not less disas
trous. Hut the conflagration ol forests,
the withering of prairie grass, and the
scorching of unreaped harvests are not
alone the misfortunes which have been
accorded to our neighbors. Whole
villages of Wisconsin, Michigan, and
Ontario have been sweot from the world
in a single night, aim in these awful
holocausts have perished no ler.s than a
thousand human beings, young and
old, of both sexes, and of all conditions
in life. In more than one instance, the
devouring flames gathered like a fatal
cordon around the isolated settlement,
and left no chance for life itself save in
the chilly waters of the hike. In others,
but a single survivor, the flying tele
graph operator or the courier dispatched
in the vain hope of bringing help in
time, escaped to bear tin* heartrending
tale. In Ontario, the business portions
of two thriving towns, Windsor and
Sandwich, were destroyed by incendiary
fiends, whose doom may be postponed
by their temporary escape from right
eous venegeanee.
Not only Chicago, but the whole
Northwest, has been made to feel the
desolation of this lurid day, and were
f'hicago hat one leebh- l ilhe of vvliat sin*
was just ten days since, our sulVcring
brethren would not b lacking from our
hands the aid, and comfort, and solace
that have been accorded to us from the
wealth and warmth of two continents.
Chicago Post.
Preserving Shingles on Roofs.
Ihe following article we copy from
the Ultra■ Intelligencer, as worthy of
attention by those who desire to pre
serve the tools of their habitations and
buildings
Some paint roof-shingles after they
are laid. This makes them tot sooner
than they otherwise would. Some
paint the courses as they are laid this
is a great preservative, *if each shingle
is painted the length of three courses.
Hut about as sure away to preserve
shingles, and that with little or no ex
pense, is a mode recommended to us by
Hon. David Hunter, of (•linton. We
republish as much of his letter as re
lates to this subject, in hopes that it
may he of service to many of our lead
eis: “This is one thing more that
nearly all people know, if they would
only attend to it; that is, to sprinkle
slaked lime on the roofs of their build
ings on rainy days. Put it on consider
ably thick, so as to make the roof look
white, and you never will be troubled
with moss; and if the shingles are cov
ered t*ver so thick with moss, by put-
Dug the lime on twice, it will take all
the moss oil’ and leave the roof white
and chain, and will look almost as well
a- if it had been painted. It ought to
be done once a year, and in my opinion,
the shingles will last almost twice as
long as they will to let the roof all grow
over to moss. 1 tried it on the back
fcide ot my house, ten years ago, when
the shingles were all coveted ovei with
moss, and they appeared to be nearly
rotten. 1 gave the roof a heavy coat of
lime, and have folk, reel it nearly cveiy
r year since then, and the roof is better
i now than it was then and, to all ap-
11 earance, if I follow my plan, it will
hist ten oi* fifteen years L nger. The
shingles have been on the roof over
thirty years. There is no more risk
about sparks catching on the roof than
on a newly shingled loob Those that
do not have lime near by, can use good
strong wood ashes, and these will an
swer a very good purpose to the same
end.*’
I here are a great many anti-spiritual
ist in Europe, and uiey all say they
can’t go Home.
t
Ammonia as a Motive Power for Or
gans anti Sewing Machines.
The Scientific American says:
There is a great want of a simple and
portable power for driving the bellows
of large organs in our churches and
music balls. Water, steam, caloric en
gines. heavy weights, and lastly, elec
tricity, have been tried, and may suc
ceed on occasions, but practically the
exposure, danger from fire, and un
wieldy character of the attachment, tin
less it is the electrical, stands in the
way ot universal application. The one
in in power is usually the last resort of
musicians, and the man who blows the
bellows is often a more important char I
actor than the musician himself.
Our advice has been frequently asked
in this matter, and in casting about for
answer, we have* bethought ourselves of
j ainnioniacal gas as a motive power wor
thy of careful experimental trial. It
is now a good many years since this use
of ammonia was proposed, and amnio
niacal engines were applied to street
cars and to pumps, and still they have
not mol with general acceptance, and
ft persons have even heard of them.
I Tin* trial trip of the omnibus in Paris,
propelled by liquified ammonia, eon
fined in cylinders under the seat, w;i
reported as perfectly successful, and a
similar result lias been arrived at on
street ears in N* w Orleans.
Our knowledge of the force exerted
by liquid ammonia at given tempera
tures is now well lixed, and the cost of
liquefaction, the proper means to em
ploy, and alt practical questions ought
to have been thoroughly worked out
j long before this. As ammonia attacks
copper and brass, the packing and
mounting ot the engines would have to
be made of iron. The saponification of
the ammonia with tin* lubricating oil is
I said to be no detriment, but rather to
diminish friction. The plan of the
company in Paris was to have a large
central factory for eomprcssingamnionia
gas into iron cylinders, in Hie same way
a- water is charged with carbonic acid,
ami to deliver these receivers to cus
tomers in all parts of the city. The
cylinder containing the liquid ammonia
would be provided with couplings and
screws ready for the stationary piston,
and the company's agents would place’
it in position and remove the exhausted
1 receiver, just as the soda fountain is
1 kept in running order by large dealers.
It would only require the opening of a
stop cock to m*L the piston in motion,
and it would run as long as the expan
sive* force* of the gas was suffi
cient te> propel it. Such an arrange
ment as this ought to be feasible*, and
1 theoretically there would appear to be*
ne difficulty in the* way of its universal
adoption. It would not only be appli
cable* to organs, but to pumps, sewing
machines, and a wide range of other
work.
PrKe;ative Pills have become a set
tled necessity with the* American people.
Indeed, cathartics always have been and
always must be used, in some form, i>v all
mankind. 1 n tiiis country tbe pilularform
of administration has been growing in favor
since pills wese first made of Aloes and
Rhubarb, redlcel into a ball. Their high
position in the* public confidence lias finally
been secured ami fastened into permanency
by Ay nil's Catiiaiitio Pii.ls, the most skillful
combination of medicine for tin* diseases
they are intended to cure, that science can
devise or art produce. Those who need
pills, no longer hesitate what pills to take If
they can get Avan’s Pills.- Wheeling Va.)
Hum-Ha a nan Bitter. A gentleman who
had been brought up on good country butter
lately stopped at leading hotel in fc?t. Jo
seph. _ Mo., and looking over.the tempting
hill of tare made his order. It was promptly
filled, and he was indulging in the hope of a
luxurious feast, when helping himself to
some butter, along with the unctious mass a
long hair, evidently Iroin some* human cra
nium, came curling out on his knife. He
held it up, gazed suspiciously at it for a mo
ment, ana then motioned for the waiter.
The latter individual promptly entered an
appearance, when the* guest, holding the
knife up before him, and pointing to the ca
pillary substance attached to it, exclaimed
in a voice loud enough to he heard by the
whole table: “Look here, my friend, have
you any bald headed butter about the.
house?”
The Latest Fashionable Leverage.—
A furnjshiug store in this city advertised a
now style of cravat as “the latest fashion
lor the throat.” ,p his may be the latest style
for the outside of that organ, but a fashion
for the inside has just come up which is
twice as popular. Homebody has found out
that Schiedam Schnapps improves soda
water, and everybody acquiesces in the ar
rangement. Although somewhat conserva
tive. by nature, we are not opposed to pro
gress, and conceiving it our soiemn duty, as
a public journalist, to ascertain whether
Schnapp’s soda water was a proper thing to
he r commended to our subscribers, wc tried
it. The result may In* stated in a lew words.
The mixture is good to take, and it our
stomach is like stomachs in general it is
congenial t that part of the human organi
zation. Finally, and to conclude, “it
touches the right spot.”— Sunday Courier.
Death would In* impossible* if Hie*
proclamations of the alcoholic nostium
monge*rs we*iv true. Hut alas! tm*ir ter
rible excitants semi thousands stagger
ing to thegrave*. Instead of adding fuel
to the lire of disease with such deadly
compounds, try the cooling, renovating,
purifying, and regulating ellect of that
inestimable combination of herbal
juices and extracts, Dk. Walker’s t’ALI
FORM.\ Yi.NEUAK I’ITTEKS the Sole spe*
cilic lor Dyspepsia, Physical Debility,
Headache*, Hilious t'olie. Liver Com
pb'ints, (lout. Rheumatism and Chronic
('onslipation.
Refresh iN<:Slum ers. During a heavy
shower, a New Londoner notie*ed a poor
fed low aslee’p oil the* sidewalk, and
soaked through. lie* gently aroused
him, and admonished him of his expos
ure. Go away,*’ said the inebriate,
”go way now, do. This shower (hie)
is doing me* (hie) and the rest of the
crops a (hie) sight of good (hie), I tell
you.”
Heavy oats are good for horses; none
will deny that; but oats can’t make a
horse’s coat smooth and glossy when he is
out ol condition. Sheridan's Cavalry Condi
tion Powders will do this when all else* fails.
I he purest and sweetest Cod-Liver hi
in the world is Hazard *fc Caswell’s,
made* on the* sea-shore, from fresh, se
lected livers, bv Caswell, Hazard fe Co.,
New York, it is absolutely pure and
swe-t. Patients who have once taken it
prefer it to all others. Physicians have
deeieled it superior to any of the other
oils in market.
Attention is called to the* advertise
ment of the Chicago Keening Journal, which
has not been in.errupted a day in jmhliea
l ion by the groat lire.
No man with a dependent family is
tree Iron reproach if he fails to insure!”—
Lord Lindhurst. Insure in the Mutual Life
Chicago.
('kami’s and pains in the stomach are*
the result of imperfect indigestion, and m.-iy
he* immediately relieved by a dose of John
son's Anodyne Liniment. A tea-spoontill in
a little sweetened water is a dose.
A great outcry has been made again-1
the use ol jute as a substitute for hair,
on the* score* of the* vermin it is said to
breed; but the* manufacturers state that
tin jute is as clean if not cleaner than
the human hair they are* forced to use.
Most of the* shade-ws that cross r.ur
path through life are caused by our
standing in our own light.
Read the card of Messrs. Bliss, Keene j
A Co., sole importers of Cundurango.
t
The Great Chicago Fire—Business
Houses Resuming.
The terrible fire of October Bth and 9th,
which destroyed almost the entire business
portion of Chicago, has tried the*, character
of her busine'ss men. Before the fire, which
consumed their stores and goods, was ex
tinguished, some were removing the debris,
and laying the foundations of new stores
others were beginning to build temporary
structures on vacant grounds, and a large
number rented and fixed up stores and
buildings in the unburnt portion of the city,
and were moving into them the goods they
had saved. <*r had stored, or that had arrived
since the* fire. Many of the leading houses
ordered lines of goods, at once, by telegraph,
so that before these lines are read they will
j he prepared to meet the wants of customers.
The resolute will, the abounding faith ami
hope, and the indomitable energy and enter
prise manifested by the great body of Chi
cago merchants and business men are as un
paralleled as the greatness of the calamity
which has befallen the city, and show why
Chicago became the wonder ot the nations,au<l
are a pledge of fut ure prosperity and growth
greater than she has yet achieved. The live
men will resume business at.once, and men
of capital and enterprise from abroad will
take the places o those overcome by this
misfortune. So that we shall speedily see
the city rebuilt, and a more wide-awake
commercial mart than ever.
The generous response of the whole Union
to the appeal which this calamity makes is
wonderful, and shows how universal and
electric is the feeling of sympathy among
all classes for a great city overwhelmed by
sudden and terrible misfortunes. We learn,
too, that, the merchants have received most
cheering evidences of practical sympathy
from their customers in the country, many
of them writing to know how tney can re
mil, and offering to pay .their lulls before
maturity. Prompt payment of past indebt
edness and of future* purchases is what is
needed to set the wheels of traffic in motion.
Among the leading representative*, whole
sale houses who promptly resume business
we mention the following.
I! A ROW ARK.
II imdanmsa k i> A Si’knckr, the largest wholesale
hardware house in the West, are. building
hi feet trout, on Michigan avenue, between
andolph and Washington streets. They
aid a large stock on the way at the time of
the tire. One of the partners is in New
York hastening the shipment of goods.
They will have, a full line of goods in their
new store the* 24th inst. With abundant
capital, ii" debts, $300,000 insurance in their
safes which they need not stop to look at,
ami irrepressible energy and enterprise,
their future is as secure as their past has
been prosperous.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Doggktt, Bassett A llii.ls, the*, oldest
wholesale boot and shoe house in the West,
are at 522 Wabash avenue,and are building,
from the bricks of their burnt store, an ex
tension of their new premises. Having
1,000 cases of boots and shoes in transit,
they will have a complete assortment by the
20th inst., and will he prepared to fill all
orders through the season.
Phelps, Dodge A Palmer, another well
established wholesale boot and shoe* house,
have built a temporary store on Michigan
avenue, corner of Congress street, and have
arranged at once to build a large store on
their old site, 48 and 50 Wabash avenue.
Having a stock ot goods en route, they will
hop repared to fill orders about the 20th inst.
M. I). Wells A Co., Wholesale Boots
and Shoes, saved more, goods than any boot
and shoe house in Chicago. They have es
tablished themselves at 01S Wabash avenue,
where they have opened a full line of goods.
Mr. Wells is at the East sorting up their
stock, so that they will be. able to furnish
their customers a complete and full assort
ment throughout the season. They have
contracted to have their store rebuilt with
out delay, and will be among the first
houses re-established at their old quarters.
DRV GOODS.
Hamlin, Hale A Co., wholesale and retail,
lost $1,500,000. saved to SIOO,OOO.
Retail store, 328 West Madison street.
Wholesale, 29 and 31 t-outh Canal, near the
hotels and railroads. Will be ready to fill
orders the 25th inst.
MILLINERY.
I>. B. Fisk A Co. saved $40,000 worth of
their best goo s, had buyers at once in the*
New York markets, impressed the telegraph
and Express Companies into their service,
and, at their new store, 57 West Wash
ington street, near the tunnel entrance, can
now supply the trade* with a full assort
ment ol millinery, ladies’ furnishing, fancy
goods and trimmings. Their customers can
he sure their orders will receive the same
careful and prompt attention as heretofore.
Keith Bros, are building a two-story
temporary brick store, 72 by 172 feet,
southeast corner of Dearborn Park, Which
they will he ready to occupy with their
usual full stock on the 22d mst. They, saved
300 cases, mostly of millinery goods, and are
duplicating their stock of hats, caps and
furs, as well as millinery. Financially
strong, they can treat creditors and custom
ers as though the smell of fire had not
passed over them. They are now ready to
fill o/ders immediatoly at 910 Prairie ave.
Cage Bros. A Co. will be ready to fill or
dors with a full stock of goods, by the 20th
inst.., a. their new quarters, 961 Indiana av.
Mayhon. Daly A Co., Importers of Milli
nery and Fancy Goods, had a full line of
goods in the New York Custom House, and
have already built a new store on Michigan
avenue, between Monroe and Adams, and
are now ready to fill all orders.
CLOAKS AND CLOAKING.
J. W. Griswold A <’o., wholesale Cloak
house, are located at the corner of Jackson
street aud Michigan avenue, with a full
line of cloaks, cloakings, laces and trim
mings.
sewing silk.
Bei ding Bros. A Co. saved $40,000 worth of
sewing silk and machine* twist, and had a
large stock shipped from their Eastern fac
tory the day after the fire so that they can
siipp’y the whole Northwest, at the corner
ef Jackson street and Michigan avenue.
LEATHER AND FINDINGS.
Page Bros. A Co. are at 35 and 37 South
Canal, corner of Washington street, wh .re
they will soon be ready to wait upon custom
ers and fill orders as usual.
FCKNITCRK.
A. 11. Andrews A Co., 119 and 121 West
Washington street, manufacturers aud deal
ers in church, school and office furniture,
desks, tables, chairs, Ac., arc in full blast,
turning out furniture by the cord, aud will
fill all orders promptly.
WE STILE LIVE!
Tin* Chicago Daily Evening and
Weekly Post, since* tin* tire*, has received
a fast press of equal capacity to the.* on.
Burned, anel ha another of twice* its
capacity in process of construction,
which will give* it treble its olei power.
(hi Monday, October 15th, it fur
nishod its daily to all subscribers, city
and country, and during the* week end
ing October 20th, and regularly there
alter, it will mail its weekly to all sub
scribers. In a very short time the Post
will furnish the best
DAILY and weekly facer
overissued in the Northwest.
Present office, 101 J West Randolph
street, Chicago.
Metropolitan Hotel, New York.—
This magnificently appointed hotel was re
opened on the last of August under the aus
pices of Messrs. Tweed A Garfield, who i
succeed the Lki.and Brothers in the proprie
torship anel management. It is without
question the best furnished hotel in New
York. Always popular with the traveling
public by reason of its convenient location,
its admirable* ventilation and good manage-
meat, it has renewed claims to popular favor 1
in the elegant appointments of the new re
gime. Recarpeted from top to bottom and
refurnished throughout—repainted, refros- i
coed aud reconstructed generally, without
regard to cost, the old friends of the house,
and they are* legion, would scarcely recog
nize* it. Nude's Theatre, it will bo remem
bered, is in this building. Mr. Tweed, of
the new proprietorship, is a son of Senator 1
Tweed, and a young gentleman of genial
manners and first-class business qualifica
tions. Mr. Garfield has been in the hotel
business for several years, and was recently
connected with the Delevan House at Al
bany, New Yolk.
In the course of an Illinois discus
sion, a man is said to have k had a
ravine- built in the* back of bis head
with a pop be’ttie*.
Happy Belief fop Young Men, from
Nervous Debility, Ac. Books aud circu’ars
i sent free of charge. Address Howard Asso- I
I ciation, Philadelphia, Pa. I
Progress r the Northern Pncilie Kail*
road.
Messrs. Jay Cooke A Co., the financial
agents of the Northern Pacific Railroad,
furnish the following facts regarding the
satisfactory progress of this great national
work
The track is now about completed across
the State of Minnesota, 250 miles, the grade
being wholly finished, and the track-layers
approaching the Red River at the rate of
three miles a day. Regular trains arc run
ning over the completed sections.
Last week contracts were let for the con
struction of the Dakota division, extending
200 miles westward, from the crossing of the
Red River to the crossing of the Missouri,
in Central Dakota. This division is to he
finished be the first day of July next, and
50 miles are to be graded before the begin
ning of winter. In the meantime, a section
of 05 miles is under construction between
the Columbia River and Puget Sound, in
Washington Territory, where track-laying
is rapidly progressing.
It will be remembered that the Northern
Pacific Company last year purchased both
the Main Line and Branch of the St. Paul
and Pacific Road. Within the last three
months, the Main Line has been completed,
through a noble country, through the Red
River at Breekenridgo. Contracts were Just
week let for the continuation of the Branch,
from its present terminus, at Watah, on the
Mississippi River, 7> miles northward, to
Braiuerd, where it will j<>in the trunk line
of the Northern Pacific. Finally, contracts
have been let for the construction of a
branc h road from St. Cloud (75 miles north
of St. Paul), to Pembina, on the British
border, a distance ot 375 miles. This line
is to be completed within fifteen months of
the present time. It will drain the richest
portions of the Red River Valley, open
direct communication with the British set
tlements of Winnipeg and the rich Sas
katchewan Basin. It will also serve as the
southeastern arm >l the Northern Pacific
Road, reaching toSt. Paul and Minneapolis,
and thus connecting with Chicago and Liu*
trunk lines to the east.
The completion of these contracts wi'l
give' the Northern Pacific Company at tin*
dose of next year, DOO miles of road in the
fertile and prosperous State* of Minnesota
it will carry the trunk line of the great
thorough fare nearly one-third of its distance
across the* continent, and will bring to the
Northern Pacific road the large and profit
able traffic of Montana,and t h* Government
transportation of tin* Upper Missouri.
It is anticipated that this business alone,
Avithout waiting for through trade, will
meet the interest on the* e >st of the finished
portion of the road. The Hudson Bay Com
pany has already leased docks and ware
houses at Duluth, preparatory to doing the
whole of its immense business over the
Northern Pacific liu..
Settlers arc occupying the lands along
the route with surprising and gratifying
rapidity.
About the first of January next nearly
two million acres the finest lands in Min
nesota will be placed in market by the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, and
the proceeds of their sale will be used to
purchase aud cancel the company’s 7-30
bonds. The company’s land in Minnesota
will much more than pay the cost of build
ing the Minnesota Division of the road, and*
their sale will be rapid— indeed many
thousand acres have already been told to
actual settlers, in advance of being offered.
The company’s lands west of Minnesota,
through Dakota, prove to be of superb
character, and will speedily come into
market.
Owing to the rigid economy and perfect
integrity with which all departments of the
enterprise are managed, and tin* great re
duction in cost oi material within the last
few years, the cost of construction and
equipment proves to In* considerably less
per mile than the origin; estimates. For
example, locomotives winch cost $30,0(10
each when the Union and Central Pacific
roads were built, are now sold at SIO,OOO
nest American rails, which during the war
sold at about SIOO per ton, now cost the
Northern Pacific Company only about S7O
per ton right of way, and -tom* ai d timln r
material, which are usually large items in
the cost ol a new road, are furnished to the
Northern Pacific gratuitously from the Gov
ernment domain. The hearing that this
greatly diminished cost construction
must have on the value and security of the
company's 7-30 bonds, will be apparent t<
any one.
The money is being furnished for the
early completion of the Northern Pacific
Road by the now rapid sale of its first
Mortgage 7-30 Bonds. Nearly $1,300,000
were taken by investors in the month f
September, and at the present rate of in
crease of sales the Company will soon lie
enabled to reduce the rate of interest on the
remainder of the loan. Those bonds have
established their character as a first class
security, good evidence of which is the fact
that they are being largely taken as an in
vestment by many of the Savings Banks of
New England and conservative monied in
stitutions of other States. Since the success
of the United States Five Per Cent. Loan,
very many holders of Five-Twenties have
taken advantage of the favorable opportu
nity to exchange their Government ‘Bonds
for Northern Pacifies, at a large profit.
These exchanges arc increasing in volume
in all parts of the country.
Symptoms of Liver Complaint, and of
Some of the Diseases Produced by it.
A sallow fir yellow color of skin, or
yellowish brown spots on face ami oth -r
parts of "body dullness and drowsiness
with frequent headache: dizziness, hit
ler or had taste in _mouth, dryness ol'
throat and internal heat palpitation, in
many eases dr\ teasing cough, with
sore throat, unsteady appetite, raising
lood. choking sensation in throat
distress, heaviness, or bloated or lull
feeling about stomach and sides, pain in
ides, hack or breast, and about should
ers colic pain and soreness through
bowels, with heat; c mstipa ion, alter
nating with frequent attacks of diar
rlnea; piles, flatulence, nervousness,
coldness of extremities rush of blood
to head, with nervous apoplexy, numb
nos of limbs, especially at night cold
chills alternating with hot Hashes, kid
ney and urinary difficulties; female
weakness, dullness, low spirits, unsocia
bility and gloomy forebodings. Only
lew of above symptoms likely to be
present in any cast* at one time. All
who use Dr. Pierce’s Alt. Ext. or Golden
Medical Discovery for Liver Complaint
..ml its Complications, are loud in its
praise. Sold l-v all first, class druggists.
Steadily, and with even greater rapidity
than was anticipated by its projectors, this
great thoroughfare is advancing across the
continent,opening as it progresses, the finest
belt of undeveloped country in America.
Every phase of the enterprise is in the most
satisfactory condition, its complete success
was long since assured, and its early com
pletion is now a certainty.
Gout ok Rheumatism is quickly ie
lievcd and cured in a few days by that cele
brated English Medicine, Blair's Gout and
Rheumatic Pills.
An Anchor to Windward.
It is good seamanship, when there is reason t<> ex
pect heavy weather, ti drop an anchor to windward.
We are in the midst of the season of chills and fever.
The sure preventive of this distressing malady is
Ilostetter’s Stomach Hitters. A course of that whole
some vegetable tonic will render an attack impossible.
Take the hint and drop an anchor to wimlward.
Weak stomachs are most liable to he disordered lute
in the autumn, when the changes of temperature are
marked and frequent. Ilostetter’s Hitters fortifies
the stomach against the effects of these variations.
Let dyspeptics make a note of this fact, and drop an
anchor to windward.
The liver is more sensitive when the weather is con
tinually alternating between the warmth ot summer
ami the cold of winter than at any other period o. the
year. This is peculiarly the ason of such altera
tions. Let the bilious remember that Ilostetter’s
Stomach Bitters is essentially an anti-bilious modi- i
cine, and drop an anchor toimwlwaril.
The wisest plan is to forestall evil. The next best J
thing is to arrest it. For disorders of the stomach,
irregularities ot the bowels, aud all periodical fever.,.
1 take, as soon as the complaint developes i |-.•!f, llos- i
tetter’s Stomach Bitters. 1
t* r* i#
\9 h* 9 3 -9 -9 3 9
1840 TO 1871.
FOR THIRTY-ONE YEARS
PERRY DAVIS’
PAINKILLER
Has been tested in every variety of climate, aud by al
most ever* nation known to Am vicansi It i, the al
most constant companion and inestimable friend of
the missionary and the traveler, on sea and land, and
no one should travel on our LAKES OK HIVKKS
WITHOUT IT.
PAIN-KILLER win* the First and In the
Only Pernianeiit Pain-Kellever.
Since the I'AIN-K ILLKK *vas first introduced, aud
met with such unsurpassed sale, many Liniment Pan
acea and other remedies have been otfered to the pub
lic. but not one of them has ever attained the truly
ENVIABLE STANDING of the I* IN KILLER
WHY IS THIS SO?
It is because DAVIS’ PAIN-KILLER is what it
claims to he—a Believer of Pain.
ITS MERITS ARE UNSURPASSED.
If you are suffering from INTERNAL PAIN. Twen
ty nr Thirty Drops in a Little Water will almost in
stantly cure you. There is nothing to equal it. In a
few moments it curt's
Colic, Craui|iM, Spasm*. Ilearl-lturii. Diar
rhoea, fijsnitery, Flux, W ind in iht*
Bowel*, Soar Stomach, Dy*i*ci
sln, Sir It Headache.
In sections of the country where
FEVER AND AGUE
Prevail, there is no remedy held in greater esteem.
Every housekeeper should keep it at hand, to apply
on the first attack of any Pain. Il will givesutisfac
lory relict, and save hours of suffering.
Do not trifle with yourselves testing untried reme
dies. Be sure you call for and get flu* genuine PAIN
l\ I LLKIt. as m >ny worthless nostrums are attempted
to l- sold oil the great reputation of this valuable
medicine.
flfVj Directions accompany each bottle.
Price Z’t rent*. AO rents, and per llottlr.
J. N. HARRIS CO..
i 'iiicinnati, (>hio.
Proprietors for the Southern and Western States
SOLD l*Y ALL AIEDIUINE DEALERS.
For sab- by BEEN E,V BUTTON. Milwaukee; 11.
BoSWnRTI! SONS. Milwaukee. FULLER, FINCH
A FUL.LEB.Chicago: RICH \RDSoN y Cn .Si. I..mis;
M< I 'l.Lot’ll. McCoRD A CO.. La Crosse; No YE>
BROTHERS, St. Paul.
FINANCIAL.
INVEST MENT SEUUIC ITIES.
.1 w Cookk A Co., arc now .-oiling. and recom
mend tu* a profitable and safe investment for all
classes, the First Mortgage 1 30 Gold Bonds of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, bearing
Seven and Three-Tenths per cent, gold interest
(more than s percent, currency), and secured by
first and only mortgage on the entire Road and
equipments, and on more than 23,000 Acres of
Land to every mile of track, or S(H) Acres of Land
to each 81,000 Bond. The highest current price
will he paid for F. S. Five-Twenties, and all oth
er marketable securities received in exchange.
Pamphlets, maps find full information, as well as
the bonds themselves, will he furnished on appli
cation by Jay Cooke A Co.. Philadelphia, New
York and Washington, and by most Banks and
Bankers throughout the country,
THE PAPER BUSINESS.
J. W. Butler A Co., Paper Manufac
turing Agents,
1 lave established their headquarters at
present in the office of the (-iiicauo
Newspaper Union, No. 13 North J. fier
son street, where they will he pleased
to see thvir friends, and solicit a con
tinuation of past favors. Our debtors
will please make an early remittance in
t iiis our hour of need.
d. W. Hi tler A, Co., Agents.
II 1C AGO, let. 11, IS 71
STILL LIVING!
HOUNDS KANE,
CAN lit; l-mMI AT
Xo- 13 Nortli Jefferson St..
In same building with Taylor Printing Pu ss ('it., ami
Chicago V w- paper Union, yv In-re the. will receive
all oilers for Printer.-' material
THE CHICAGO;
Daily, Tri-Weekly, uml Weekly,
Tin* only paper published without suspension, and
delivered to subscribers, sin. the GREAT FIRE
We are now in readiness to fill all orders for sub
script ion and advei ti.se men is on t lie same terms as be
fore. Addre s
CHARLES L. WILSON,
PROPRIETOR,
No. 13 CANAL ST., CHICAGO.
G. H. 3L. LAFLSN,
WJIOI.KSAI.K
PAPER PEALEiS,
CAN )>K POUND AT
Wo. 56 Worth Jefferson Street,
CHICAGO, ILL.
1 >OOK AGENTS WANTED,
I you two ncw and poim'i.ah works.
KtvOTS UNTIED;
Or, Tilk Hiium:\ Lit eok \mkkican Dktkci i vks. II
discloses the whole Detective system. Twenty thou
sand copies sold in thirty days.
A WOMANS PILGRIMAGE
To tui: lloi.v L.vso.by Mrs. S. M. Griswold. This Work
gives her experiences during a tour t (trough Europe and
tin* East, in eompany with Mark Twain” and the
Quaker City party. We offer extra terms and pre
miums to Agents. Send for eireiilars. .1. IL BIRR.
II D E A I'D., 'hint go, 111., aud II art lord. Conn.
WILL, M. CARLETON,
AUTHOR OF
BETSEY AND I ARE OUT,”
EDITS AND RiTE-S FOR
THE DETROIT WEEKLY TRIBUNE,
The Best Family Newspaper in the Country, 8* a
ear. Send for imeu ropy and club circular. Ad
dress. TIIE TRIBUNE, Detroit, Rich.
Iir.VNT ED Parties who have a very small capital,
T or can give security, and are desirous of making
money in a light, honorable, pleasant business at home,
or to travel, Address M. M. TILTON. Pittsburgh. Pa.
RUPTURE
Relieved and cured by Dr. Sherman’s Patent Appli
ance ami Compound. Office t'i'.iT Broadway, N. V
Send Inc. for book with photographic likenesses ofcascH
before and after cure, with Henry Ward Beecher's
case, letters and portrait. Beware oftraveling impos
tors, who pretend to have been assistants of Dr. Snr.u-
M a n.
rilllE IIARRISItI RG FAMILY CORN
I Sli KLLERCO. wants Agents to sell their Family
orn Shellers. Best invention of the kind. Sells at
sight. Profits large. For circulars address EU
GENE SNYDEii, Treasurer, lock box Harrisburg,
Pa.
OPIUM EATERS.^ffi^'— 1
T. E. CLARKE, M. D.. Mount Vernon Ohio.
Tlie 4 J rent EiiglUli Remedy for Lout und
lieu unit i*m.
4 LL sufferers from thea' ove complaint ai;eadvised
4 to use BLAIR’S GOUT and RHEUMATIC
PI LL*v They can be relied upon as the most safe and
effectual remedy ever offered to the public, and have
been universally used in Europe for inajiy years with
the greatest success.
Her Majesty’s Commissioners have authorized the
came and address of THOMAS PROUT,L'2‘J Strand,
Loudon,” to be impre.-scd upon i lie Government stamp
affixed to ea h box *>f the genuine medicine.
Wii ’l.ksai r. Am:xtr Fnllci Ar Fuller, Chicago;
Wells A- Co.. New York, and all medicine vendors.
W uteli Free* to Agents, to iniroduee an article that
sells in every bouse. Address S.Gilliland Pittshurgh.Pa
Agents! Read This!
llfK WIN. PAY AGKNTs A SALARY Ol
|ii*r week and expen-ew, or allow a large
commission, to sell our now wonderful inventions.
Address M. WAGNER A Cu„ Marshall. Midi.
-v .MINNA Co.. Puhli-heis S.icntih
:l l E EHf iV.-t/mricuM.-o Park Row, K. v...!>>ui;
4 tII !5 i Patents everywhere. T\>. at.-divt
ULaJLBj aa* ’years’ experience. Everything con
mbutiul. Send for Patent Law s and Guide to I u ven tors.
MUN AND WO.II UN \VA NT ED, to canvass for
a neyv article. Nice enough for the Rieli,
4 'Sie| enough for tin* Poor, II >iid*onie as a Pie
ilire. I -etui a* a Book. Solis i pidly and pays good
profit.- For, r 'ul.i; aud Key lice) address,
JOHN C. WHEELER. South Viuelaml, N. J.
1 I FLES* Shot-Guns. Hevol\ers, Gun Materials of
I i every kind Write for a Price List, to Great
Western Gun Works Pittsburgh. Pa. Army Guns
and Revolve! -1 ought, or traded tor. Agents yvanted.
C y) MnNTII! IL i c and carriage furnished
•7* I _r Expenses paid. li. B. >ll AW. Alfred, Me
w FBlll* representing siss,sent as a curiosity
j O for soc. J. JR. SEACOIiD, Uurrottsvillo, O.
ii f .„gj T T n
S\^p)
|#'®s
4>//3Pp*%ieV\^a
/Js*r tUREK fe V>*v\.~
Tj I I mMMIMk
J V.AI Km:, I’roprivt- It I! Md)o*U> A Co., Druggist*
A„.:, lt.ii. t ..i., mill 34 C''miu*rco street, N. Y.
:ll I I.IONS llcni' Testimoilv i melr
W underfill C'lii’iiilvc Effect*.
They are not a vile Fnncy Drink. Made of I'oor
K mn. W iilnUev. I*rnul Spirit* nml Ilefuao
Liqiinra doctored, spiced and sweetened topleane Uio
ta-ti I ,c.illed “Tonies,' “Appetizers,” “Restorers,"die.,
t hut lead I he tippler on to druiikenncssnmi ruin,hut are
a 1 rue Medicinc.mude from t he Native Roots and Herbs
of California, free from nil Alcoholic Slliiiu*
In HIM. They are the 4.1 tEA T lil,OOl> IM'lll-
ElEltaml A |-’E 4IV IN< I* It INU I PLE*
a perfect Renovator and Invignrator of the System,
carrying <(T all poisonous matter and restoring thebiood
to a healthy condition. No person can take these Hit
ters according to directions and remain lon# unwell,
provided their tames are not destroyed hy mineral
poison or other means, and the vital organs wasted
beyond the point of repair.
They nrc a (Gentle I’ll run I i v<* hm well nan
Tonic, possessing, also, the peculiar merit of acting
a powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inllam
matin.i of the Liver, and all Ibe Visceral Organs.
FOII IT M AMK IMI I'h tINTS, in young or
t i 1. married or single, at the dawn of womanhood or at
llie turn of life, these Tonic Bitters have no eipial.
For I nllniiiiiinlorv mid Chronic ll lieiiinii-
I ixiu ii nd 4*oiil. Dvapepalu or I iidigeMlion,
ItilioiiN, Kemilleut mid I illerniitleiit Fe
ver*. IMaenwe* of (lie lllood. Liver, Kid
ney* and Itlnddi*!*, these llii I era have been most
aecessful Such I>im*um*n nro caused hy Yftlliited
lllood. which is generally produced by derangement
of On DigcMfive Orginm.
DYSPEPSIA OK IN DIGESTION. Head
ache. Pain iu the Shoulders, Coughs. Tightness of the
Chest, Dizziness. Sour F.nictations of the Stomach,
Pad Taste in the Mouth, Bilious Attacks, Palpitation of
tlie Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs, Pain in the re
gions of the Kidneys, and a hundred other paiufuUsyinp
icins. are the offsprings of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach and stimulate the torpid
Liver and Bowels, which render them of unequalled
i flicacy in cleansing the blood of all impurities, and im
parting new life and vigor to the whole system.
FOII SKIN DISK ASKS, Eruptions, Tetter, Salt
Ivin nm. Blotches, Spots, Pimples, Pustules, Boils, Car
buncles. King Worms. Scald Head, Sore Byes, Erysipe
las. I tch.Scurf-. Discolorations of the Skin. Humors and
Diseases of the Skin, of whatever name or nature, are'
itciallv dug u;> and carried out ofthe system in a short
tunc by the use ot these Bitters. One bottle In such
cases will convince the most incredulous of their cura
live effects.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you find its im
purities bursting through tho skin in Pimples, Erup
tions or Sores cleanse it when you find it, obstructed
end sluggish in the veins: cleanse it when it is foul,
and your feelings will tell you when. Keep tho blood
pure, and the Ivaltli of tho system will follow.
I'in, Tape, and other Worms, lurking in the
system of so many thousands, aro effectually destroyed
and removed. Says a distinguished physiologist,
there is scarcely an individual upon the face of the
earth whose body is exempt from tin* presence of
worms. It is not upon the healthy elements of the
bod) that worms exist, hut upon the diseased humors
and slimy deposits the* breed these living monsters of
disease. No System of Medicine, no vermifuges, no
anthelmintics will free the system from worms like
these Bitters.
.L WALKER. Proprietor. U. H. Me DONA Id) A CO.,
Druggists an 1 <L A rents. San Francisco. California,
and 32; id ,1 Commerce Street, New York.
Ciff*”SOLD BY ALL DKUUGISTS AND DEALERS.
Ayer’s Cathartic Pills,
jgft For the relief and
cure of all derange*
ments in the stoin
ach, liver, and botv
els. They are a mild
lining purely vege
table, they contain
no mercury ormine
ral whatever. Much
serious sickness and
suffering is prevent*
i d by their timely
and every family should have them oil hand
for their protection and relief, when mini red.
Long experience, has proved them to be the saf
est, surest, and best of all the I‘ilfs with which
the market abounds. Hy their occasional use,
tiie blood is purified, tin* corruptions ol' the sys
tem expelled, obstructions removed, and the
whole machinery of life restored to its healthy
activity. Internal organs which become clogged
nd sluggish are cleansed by .iift r’s Pills, and
f tiinulatcd into action. Thus incipient disease
i changed into health, the value of which change,
when reckoned on the vast multitudes who enjoy
i can hardly be computed. Their sugar coating
makes thcm'plcasant to take, ami preserves the
virtues unimpaired for any length of times so
that they are ever fresh, and perfectly reliable.
Although searching, they are mild, and operate
without disturbance to the constitution, or diet, or
occupation.
Full directions are given on the wrapper to
each box, how to use them as a Family Physic,
and for the following complaints, which these
riffs rapidly cure:
For or I mlig-‘tion. I,i*f
COM, B.aiau'iior and I.omm of A||M*(it*, they
1 should be taken moderately to stimulate the stom
ach. and restore its healthy tone and action.
For *r C'oiiiplatißit and its various symp
toms, Hiliolio lii*ii<lil( lu Mick
uclii*. laumSice or krecn MickiicMM, Hil
imiM C olic and IlilioiiM JF*vern, they should
be judiciously taken for each case, to correct the
diseased action or remove the obstructions which
cause it.
For IlyHentery or blit one
mild dose is generally required.
For ItlioumafiMm. 4Uout, iiiriivH.
iiitiifion of the Blcart, ■*ai in film
Foil**. Hack and Loliim, they should be contin
uously taken, as required, to change tin* diseased
action of the system. With such change those
complaints disappear.
lor Hro|> and l)ro|iNical Mwclling*,
ti\ should be taken in large and frequent doses
t produce the effect of a drastic purge.
Fur Mii||rciou, a large dose should be
taken, as it produces the desired effect by sym
pathy.
As a Vinnrr nil. take one or two Pills to
promote digestion and relieve tin* stomach.
An occasional dose stimulates the stomach and
bowels, restores the appetite, and invigorates the
system. Hence it is often advantageous where
ro serious derangement exists. One who feels
tolerably well, olten finds that a dose of these
nils makes him feei decidedly better, from their
cleansing and reuovutiutf effect on the digestive
upparatus.
Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayer Co.,
Priielicitl uiiil Analytical 4 liciiilmln,
LOWELL, HASS.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE.
11* 18^
The Only llellahlc LIU DlNtribiitlon In (lie
Country.
$60,000.00
IN VALUABLE GIFTS!
TO RE DISTRIBUTED IN
L. D. SINE’S
LY.M UECJULAIt MONTHLY
GIFT ENTERPRISE,
To b* drawn Monday. Nov. ‘JTtib IS7I.
TWO GRA N D (’API TA I AOF
$5,000 Each in Greenbacks
SffirHllMMtiS!
Whole Number of CiimH 4 Git*, 1,000!
One Horse ami Buggy. with Silver-mounted Harness,
worth sino! One Fine-toiied Rosewood Pian worth
S-Mmi* Ten Family Sewing Machines. worth sloo
each Five Heavy Cased Gold Hunting Watches and
Heavy (Sol- 1 Chains, worth s;*,oo each! Fine Gold
American Hunting Watches. wortli each! Ten
Ladies’Gold Hunting Watches, worth s2no each sun
Gold and Si Her Lever Hunting Watches (in all) worth
from #L'n to s3nn each. Ladies’ Gold Leoutine Chains.
Gents’ Gold Vest Chains. Silver-plated Castors. Solid
Silver ami Double-plat* Table and Teaspoons, Ivory-
Handled Dinner Knives. Silver-plated Dinner Fork’s.
Silver Vest Chains. Photograph Alliums, Ladies’ Gold
Breastpins amt Ear-rings. Gents’ Gold Breastpins,
Shirt Stud- amt Sleeve Buttons, Finger-rings, Gold
Pens, (silver extension.) etc.
Whole number ol Gills, fi.OOo. Tickets limited to
f*n,nito. Agents wanted to sell Tickets, to whom Lib
eral Premiums will be paid.
Single Tickets, Si; Six Tickets, s.'•: Twelve Tickets,
$10; Twenty-five Tickets, S2O.
Circulars containin'' a full list of prizes, a descrip
tion of the manner ol drawing, an other information
in reference lo the Distribution, v> I be sent to any
one ordering them. All letters uun tbe addressed to
office, L. D. SINE, Box 86,
101 VV. sth St.. CINCINNATI, O.
J! THE GREATEST
;1 MICH
ft DISCOVERY
OP THE AGE.
Mil. 'l KWEDY, .‘f Roxhnry. Im ilnwnvrrnll,
out of our common pasture weeds a remedy tha*
EVERY KIND OF HUMOR,
From the Worst Scrofula itonn to a
Common Pimple.
Two bottles are warranted to cure a nursing s<r*
motilh.
(im* to three bottles will euro tho worst kind of Piur
pies mi the face.
'l’m o or three bottles will clear tho system of biles.
Two bottles are warranted to cure the worst ennk*’'
in tho mouth or stomach.
Three to five bottles are warranted to cure the
kind of Erysipelas.
cue to two bottles are warranted to cure nil humor
in the Eyes.
Two bottles are warranted to cure running ofthe
oars and blotches among t.li hair.
Four to six bottles are warranted to cure corrupt
and running ulcers.
bottle will cure scaly eruption or the skin.
Two or three bottles aro warranted to cure the worst
kind of ringworm.
Two or three bottles are warranted to cure the nmst
desperate ease of rheumatism.
Tnrce to four bottles are warranted to cure salt
-1 Five to eight bottles will cure the worst case of
M benefit is always experienced from the first bottle,
and n perfect cure is warranted when tlie-abovequail*
ills liil.ktiii. BOXni'KV. MASS.
Dkmi Madam: Tlie reputation of the Medical Dis
o.v. i v. in uring all kind oflmimus. is so w-ell estah
lislmd by the iiiiauimoiiH voice ot all who have ever
UM-d it that I not say am thing on tlie subject, as
the most skillful physicians and the mo t careful drug
gists in flu* country are unanimous in its praise.
In presenting the Medical Discovery to imir untie*.
I do it with a full knowledge of its curative power, in
nli- ving all, and curing most of tho diseases to wneh
>.m are unfortunately solial'b*. The most excruciating
disease to an affect ornate mother,
NURSING SORB MOUTH,
is cured as if by a miracle: your own temper is re
h(oi -'ii to its natural sweetness, and your babe from
rdioi and fretful naps to calm and sweet slumbers;
and the Medical Discovery bccoim safountain ot bless,
ing to your husband and hous- hold.
1 n the more advanced stages ot
CANKER,
ft extends to tlie stomach, causing
3DYSTEPSIA.
M tiii li is nothing but canker on tho stomach thou
the intestine* and
KIDNEYS.
creating a sinking,! one feeling, and an indifference
even t>> the cares of your family.
Your stomach is
RAW AND INFLAMED,
VOIII- food distresses you, and >*'U can only take cer
tain kinds, and even of that your system does m t get
ball the nourishriient it contains as the ac-riiiumioua
tluid of tin* canker eats it up; then your complexion
loses its bloom, and becomes sallow or gieeinsh,
and your best day is gone. For want of nounshnient
our system becomes loose and flabby, and tin* libers
-t oiii* body become relaxed. Tin n follow a train of
diseases m Inch the Medical Discovery is peculiarly
adapted to __
CUB-E
Palpitation of the heart, pain iu tin* side weakness of
the si me ami small ofthe hack, pain ol the hip joint
wb-ii v-u retire, irregularity ot the bowels, and ale*
that most excrutiating of diseases, tho
FILES.
How many thousands ot poor women ar<* sufferini.
from this disease, and pining away a miserable Ide.niU'
tin ir m xl-door neighbor does not know the cause,
w i-di to impress on your mind that good old proverb,
An ounce of proveuticu is better than a pound oi s
cure.” In tin* __
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
yon have both tin* preventive and the cure, with this
great and good quality, that it will never, mid. r any
cii eumstancoH, do you any injury.
N-change of diet ever necessary, hut the best you
can get, and plenty enough of it.
l 11 i<ii■ >xs koi: Use. Adults, one tablespoonful pel
da v hildren over ten years, dessert spooiitul; t lul
li-i ii from five to eight years, teaspoonful. As no di
re- lions can b* applicable to all constitutions, lak*
Mi’icicnt t" operate on the bowels twi e ;l jla y.
Yours truly. DONALD KI.NNKDV.
Price, st.‘iO per bottle. For sale by every druggist
in i he United States and Britiah Provinces.
H of i>lin<*ritl S|irlnfN is llio German
a
Tnmint’s Effcrvi'scctit Srlt/rr Apeeient
Is its duplicate. Letters attesting its wonderful Tonic
Aperient and anti-Bilioiis qualities swarm from every
source. Tin* question lias been set tied whether artifi
cially medicated waters may not be equal to those which
burst sparkling from tlie earth itself. They can and
the Seltzer Aperient, when undoubtedly puroand gen
uine. proves tin* fact, lit* cniifioiiN. Accept none
other. SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
PUBLIC NOTICE.
The Managers of the
Krai Fslutr Histribntion of Memphis,
For 1871, have definitely settled upon
TUESDAY, October the :ilnt,
tor the drawing of the many valuable prizes, ranging
from Jj£(o to BSO,OOO. The fortunate h Ider ot the
ticket to win tin* chief prize.
THE NEW i>l lvl I’ll IS ,TII EAT RE,
valued at $(SO,0O0 and renting for 85.000 per tm
num, will realize a competency for ltfe
On mi invoNtmontof 85.00.
&'ir Agents are instructed to deposit the money re
ceived for tickets iu any solvent Bank in their locality
until after the drawing.
None hut ticket holders can have any vote in select
ing Commissionors to superintend the drawing.
All tickets unsold at Hu* time of drawing will besur
t endered and their corresponding numbers not allowed
any representation in the distribution, thus guaran
teeing that none but ticket holders ran draw any of
the priJfeft.
Tin* Real Estate will be conveyed to the winners ill
fee simple, free from all iuciimurance and charges.
Total amount of property to be drawn tor on the
".I-<t of October, 1871. r MHi,(HHI. Tickets, s.‘>."o each.
Parties desirous of iu vesting a less amount can form
labs of five, paying one dollar each. For circulars,
t iekets, or any in formation, address by letter or apply
in person to PASSMORE A RUFFIN. Agents and
Managers, ll Adams St., Memphis, Tenn.; 131 Fulton
Si.,New York City siMi Racest., Philadelphia. Pa,or
.1 Campbell, Tweddlo Hall Music Store, Albany,
N Y llcrschcl Fenton, at bis Music Store, Larned
Building, Syracuse, N. Y.; Fred. \V. Carl. Insuranco
and Real Estate Agent, cor. Main and Lafayette Sts.,
Buffalo. N. Y.
Uif Responsible Agents wanted.
Ifci* We wish it distinctly understood that flu* draw
ing will take place, regardless of the number of tick
ets sold, on tliu :lst of October, and that the sale of
tickets will positively close in foreign offices on the
LVtli of October. PASSIM Oil E A IIUEKIN.
Ar*nis mid ;Miinntf*rN.
We. the undersigned, citizens of Memphis, taka
pleasure in stating that v/e are personall) acquainted
with Messrs. PASSMORE .V RUFFIN, flu* managers
tlie Memphis Uf.m, Estai.f. Dikthiiu’tion, which
is io take place on the 31st of October. 1871. and with
pleasure recommend them as gentlemen of probity
and capacity, iu whose representations our people call
place implicit reliance.—John Johnson. Mayor of
Memphis; W. M. Randolph, City Attorney: Felix
W Roiikhtson, City Tax Collector; L. K. Rm*iiabih.
<’it) Register; Lkon Tropbiialk, Secretary Chamber
••f Coinnierce of Memphis; E. A. Cm f. Clerk and
Master in Chancery: W. M. McLean. State and
County Tax Collector; P D. Doyle, Clerk Second
Circuit Court; A. Woodward. County Trustee; J-
Mi*ill'llY President Memphis Rank.
I ain ao(|iiainted with the reputation ot the above
named gentlemen. Messrs. Passmouk. fi’ Bi ffin, ami
consider them above reproach. J. C. lILKt'KLfiL
('liairman County Court. The above special endo|-
merits, added to that of our business men and <’“ti
zi ns generally, with the press, is respectfully submit
ted to our patrons.
M I mphis Tenn. PASS MOIt EAll 1' PEIN. _
GUN D URAN GO!
TIIK WONDEIIFUI. REMEDY FOR
I'ANCEK, HY I*llll, IS, Sl KlH f l’l->i 11 J,V
i,!; 1 ,Is-HALT* It El' 11, anil AM. OTHER
l IIItONie lll,mill DISEASES.
I'r. I>. T. KKENEImviiiK juat n liirn.illl"'"
'Villi him n iiimntity <>f ii"' 11-'i'""" u
ctiiraiiKO llark. ..rnrrd Hire,null II ro.
im adHtron anil hi, Kxivlh.'iiry -th"_I ri
-.l' nt ol Ecuador.am) tin- (iorornim-nt >’l Ihal Rrpiihac.
Prepared t.. till order, for ii loa limiH'd
and nl a price ahum nneninarlef of that which the com
ol the lirnt very minill .npph i-omp. Ilnl ns l" chare.
A MpurioiiH an ieh- ism .wudvei lined and sold aa t-nn
diiramro. We have, at .-.maiden
ll" -"peration ol the nnllmrilie, of le'ja. Iheprovn ce
"I" tile plant mow,. ...direcled the rlilinnel ol
supply as to insure Unit none hut the l'n“ “S
arlli-le shall he sold lo ns- mid w. parln nlarly tall
the attention of th nnl.iio for their protertinn, to tm
lII.ISS, KEENE A ill..
"j W II L| HS.M lh.Wimhiniton'Rl'.rz'k RUSS'
M. D.. New York P. T. KKKNE. M. D-. N w York.
DITHRIDGE’p
XX FLINT CLASS
LAMP OHIMNEYS
Stand Heat lie tier thun tiny lllh.f 'l"'"'
Ask for Dlthridm 's and take no other.
Name in an Every I}"*-
in Ml Kilim, A STS, l*ittslniri?ll, IA
UTi-S.-ad fee I'eiee l.iel.
-S'-* <ll P" r hr.-t-i ot, I‘ianos, Sent on Trial.
•pAaTUaceuts Address I'. S. PIANO 0-**
Broailway. New York. -j
r ANTEI-A..ENTS—Everywhere, male
vv 'cniule; s.*>(l per week, permanently. Address
HEN >:y SYMONU .erty Sq. Boston.
TIT HEN WUITIMJ TO ADVERTISER*
t j v iilenHi* way you saw be iulveril* ,e
pS'&.-ffr-V ott oJI NCR.