Iu rt Northerner.
PAW PAW. MICHIGAN.
NEWS SUMMARY.
The East.
A firb in Brooklyn, N. Y., on Wednesday
morning, rendered 17 families homeless and
caused a damage of about $30,000.
A dispatch from Bcranton, Fa., states that
the miners' wages have been reduced eight
cents per ton, and that steps are going on for
a strike.
Font hukpred Ann fjfty canal boats aro
f till frozen in on the Hudson river wid the
Erie canal. Some few boats, it is thought,
may be able to ford their way through, but
by iar the greater number, with cargoes val
ued at $4,000,000, will have to remain ice
bound during the entire winter From
investigations into the Brooklyn election
frauds, it appears that five hundred vetrs
were insertea in the returns of one district
before the polls were really opened.
The Bible war at Hunter's Toint has ended
in a compromise between the Catholic com
mittee and the commissioners. All expelled
are to be taken back the Catholics will not
oppose the reading of the Scriptures, and
Catholic children will be allowed to remain
in the class-room during religious exercises.
The number of deaths by small-pox in
Philadelphia last week was 198, a decrease
of 34 from the previous week One of the
suits against the Erie Railway Company, in
the New Jersey courts, for over-charges, has
been decided against the company. Ono
hundred and fifty-nine additional suits aro
to be commenced at the next session of the
Criminal Court William E. Titctmb,
Teller of the Boston Five Cent Savings Bank,
and his wife, were thrown from a carriage
on Wednesday, Mr. Titcomb being instantly
killed, and Mrs. Titcomb fatally injured.
Tho West.
The building of the London Woolen Com
pany, at Cincinnati, was totally destroyed
by fire on Wednesday. Loss, $80,000 in
surance, $10,000.
Thf.hk were two severe shocks by an earth
quake on the night of the 5th at Cedar City,
Utah Territory. On the morning of the 0th
another shock occurred.
Tn brass foundry Of Bon. F. Simon at
New Albany, Ind., was destroyed by fire on
Thursday.. Loss, $2,500; no insunmce
On Friday the lower houso of the Illinois
Legislature passed, by a decided vote, Mr.
Phelps' bill giving the General Government
power to purchase and condemn laud?. It
will undoubtedly pass the Senate The
temporary winter bridge across the Missouri
at Omaha is now completed.
The first pier of the railroad and wagon
bridge over the Missouri river at St. Joseph
was successfully landed on tho bed rock on
Thursday morning, and the sinking of the.
second pier will be commenced at once. It
is expected that a pier will be sunk each
month until tho entire four piers are based
on the solid rock The motion for the new
trial in the Meddlicott case, at Lawrence,
Kan., has been denied, and the prisoner sen
tenced to be hung on the 2fith of January.
A bill of exceptions was filed by tho prison
er's counsel, and the case will to the Su
preme Court, which meets in Topeka early
in January. The general impression among
lawyers is that the Supreme Court will grant
a new trial The winter railroad bridge at
La Crosse, Wis., was completed on Friday.
Miss Adda M. Ballou sues the Terre
Haute Gazette for $10,000 worth of lost
character. It is also stated that she will
enter suit against the Indianapolis Journal,
that paper having alluded to tho free-love
party as Woodhullites and Ballouna-
tics.'' Gen. Rossor, engineer in charge of
tho Northern Pacific, represents that inex
haustible beds of coal of an excellent quali
ty have been found, and that when the road
reaches the Missouri river it can be deliv
ered in St. Paul at from $3 to $5 per ton
A fire at Hannibal, Mo., on Monday night,
destroyed property to the amount of $50,000.
Insurance $20,000 At the session of the
National Board of Trade at St. Louis, on
Monday, Mr. Stranahan, of New York, re
called his resolutions for tho encouragement
of iron ship-building, previously laid on the
table. Tho first, placing a bounty on ship
building, was lost. The second, removing
all duty on ship-building material, etc., was
carried on tho yeas and nays, but owing to
the maneuvering of the Philadelphia dele
gation, who refused to answer to their
names, it, was found that a quorum had not
voted. There was violent recrimination and
explanation growing out of this action of
the Fhiladelphians. After a severe rebuke
from the chairman and different members,
the recalcitrants were shamed into voting.
The vote was recorded in the affirmative
Nine dead bodies were taken from a well at
Peshtigo a few days since. The victims had
taken refuge in the well on the night of the
tire, during which it caved in upon them,
burying them alive San Diego, Cal., re
ports the thermometer at SO degrees in the
shade Central City and Summit county,
Colorado, shipped .1,700 ounces of gold during
the past season.
Tho South.
Cor. John I. Ashmork, a former member
of Congress from tho Abbeville district of
South Carolina, blew out his brains with a
pistol, at a hotel in Sard is, Miss., on Wednes
day morning. Ho had been planting hero
since the war. Pecuniary troubles were the
cause The spotted lever lias appeared at
Nashville and other points in tin South.
United States Marshal A. J. Harrington,
in Covington, Ky., Friday evening shot at,
with a navy revolver, but mi.-sed. Win. Sur-
roll, a colored porter on a sleeping-cur, on
the 11 o'clock train of the Louisville Short
Line railway. Burrell had told Harrington
that he could not engage a sleeping berth on
the car until the report of berths engaged
came from the office, which would be an
hour later. This seems to have so enraged
Harrington as to cause him to shoot. He
was arrested and gave bail The steamer
Fanny Brandels, which left Memphis on
Thursday night for Cairo, with two hundred
bales of cotton and a few passengers, struck
a snag near the head of Island Forty, and
fiink to her boiler deck. The boat and cargo
will prove a total loss. No lives were lost.
On Wednesday, Mrs.W. L. Roberts, who
resides on the Lexington turnpike, between
Walton and Crittenden, Ky., fell from a
chair near the fire. Her clothes caught in
flames and she was so burned as to die soon,
afterward. She had been paralytic.
J. A. Williams, a well-known physician
of Memphis, while conversing with his wife
on Saturday evenine, fell from his chair a
corpse, from heart disease.
Washington.
Tnr. friends of Jud'e I'enj. R. Curt! repre
sent that since hi" return from Europe he
has expressed a decided opinion, based on
the knowledge he gained while abroad, that
tho United States will be only awarded
damages in tho cost.- of two of tin four
principal rebel p:ivnief r, and that the
awards in those cans will !all (oinid rably
below the claims as estimated here
Among the regulations recommended by the
Civil Service Commission is one providing
that appointments shall be made without
regard to tho politics of the appointees, and
one that no political assessments shall be
levied, directly or indirectly, upon any offi
cial in tho civil service The sensational
dispatch to an Eastern journal, asserting
that an attempt to impeach tho President
would bo made, is the laughing stock of all
parties. Montgomery Blair repudiates the
part he is represented as taking, and others
named ridiculed it without limit Clagett,
the newly-elected Representative from Mon
tana, is endeavoring to secure a' legal title to
Indian lands in Bitter Hoot Valley, Montana
Territory, for the white settlers now on that
reservation.
Wall's Opera House, at Washington, was
burned on Wednesday morning. The loss
is $30,000; insured A defective 11 uo in
tho consular-room of the State Department
building, at Washington, on Tuesday even
ing, caused a fire to obtain some headway in
the llooring, but was extinguished without
serious damage.
JoBNso., the defaulting Treasury clerk,
was arrested Friday night, and committed
to jail in default f $50,000 bail The Wo
man Suffrage Convention (admission 25
cents) met on the 4th. Mr. and Mrs. Lucy
Stone, Julia Ward Howe, and other associates
have charge. The convention has decided
to confine its present action to requesting
Congress to grant suffrage in tho District of
Columbia and Territories Tho expenses
of the Joint High Commission were $18,000.
A postal convention has been concluded
with Ecuador, going into effect immediately,
letter postage to bo twenty cents per half
ounce. Also, ono between the United States
and Denmark, tho rate for prepaid letters
being fixed at seven cents per half ounce;
unpaid, four cents additional on delivery.
The latter treaty takes effect January 1st.
There were 523 bills introduced in Con
gress on the 11th The Secretary of the
Treasury, in compliance with request, has
sent to the Senate all reports in his depart
ment on tho survey of the Isthmus of Te-
hauntepec, but makes no recommenda
tion Miss Bortha (ieroldt, daughter of the
Baron, and most of whose life has been spent
in this countrv, has entered a convent at
W ashington.
Foreign.
A London dispatch says President
Ci rant's message is favorably received. The
papers generally express satisfaction with
the spirit in which ho deals with the rela
tions between the two nations, and the
opinion is almost unanimous that the condi
tion of tho country was never more flatter
ingly exhibited." The solicitor of Kelly,
who was acquitted of the murder of High
Constable Talbot at Dublin, but still awaits
trial on a lesser charge, intends to com
menffc criminal proceedings against six
Loudon journals fur the publication of libel
ous articles against his client In the re
cent suit in London, of the United States
against the Blakely Arms Company, a decree
has been rendered ordering all the proceeds
of the sale of war material belonging to the
rebel States to be paid to the American Con
sul, for the United States Government.
Gen. Cli'setiet is said to have accepted a
commission in the Mexican army The
appeals of the Communists convicted of the
murder of Gens. Lecompte and Thomas, and
sentenced to suffer death, have been rejected
by the Commission of Pardons. There is no
hope that Thiers will interpose to remove
this final decision.
The appointment of Jules Ferry as Minister
to the United States from France has been
officially promulgated Tho scarlet and
black fever is working great havoc in Que
bec. The disease has been prevalent for
some time past, but has only now assumed a
very aggravated form, and attacks young
and old The message of President Thiers
was received and read in the French Assem
bly on Thursday. It announces that the
British Government has been notified of the
intention of France to abrogate the treaty of
commerce at n stipulated time, but France
will not discontinue negotiations tor a re
arrangement of her commercial relations
with Great Britain. The Deputies are
warned never to forget to what depths of
wretchedness tho Empire had led the coun
try. Thiers deplores the indebtedness of the
country, but says it is due to the machina
tions of the Emperor Napoleon. The Presi
dent advocates the establishment of a gene
ral compulsory military service in war time,
and proposes the limitation of the annual
contingent to 30.000 men in time of peace.
The message concludes with an expression
of confidence in the patriotism of the Assem
bly. A Pahis dispatch of the lth says: "A
change in tho French Government is immi
nent. M. Thiers will relinquish the Presi
dency in favor of tho Duke d'Aumalo. Ho
has agreed to this movement with the Duke,
and all the influential members of the Hight
approve of it. The Orleans Princes are not
to take their seats until this plan is carried
out: then the change is fo bo effected di
rectly." Three of the crew of the British
ship Nonpareil, before reported wrecked,
were rescned from a piece of the wreck,
where they had been seven days, and taken
to Martinique Twenty-eight ladies grad
uated from tho University rf Edinburgh at
the last term The Knights of the Order
of St. George, founded by tlm Empress
Catherine on the 7th of December, 1700,
celebrated their anniversary at St. Peters
burg on Thursday. In the evening a grand
b:inU t was given, at which the Czar and
the first dignitaries were present. The Oar,
in toasting tho Emperor of Germany, said
he hoped the intimate friendship which ex
isted between that monarch nnd himself
would last as long as they lived, :ind be car
ried down to future generations and that the
fraternity of the armies of Germany and
Russia would be perpetual. Thus would be
constituted the best guarantees for tho main
tenance of peace and legal order in Europe.
A special di-patch from London says that
a tremendous excitement prevailed in Mad
rid on tho receipt of President Grant's mes
sage relating to the' Cuban difficulty. The
Spanish Government has resolved to main
tain a firm attitude, and reinforcements of
1,000 men, two additional Generals, and four
iron-clads will bo immediately dispatched to
Cuba The Japanese railroad from Yoko
hama to Yeddo has been completed over
halft':e distance. Satisfactory trial trips
havo taken place A special dispatch from
Mataraoras, Mexico, says that the uncondi
tional surrender of Saltillo, with a!I the
Government troops, arms and ammnnition,
has been announced by Gen. Trevino, com
mander of the revolutionists.
"Cast iron sinks, all size," is tho le
gend a Hartford plumber inscribed on
"his outer wall." "Well, who (hie)
said itdidn't?" was the inquiry of an in
ebriated man of sin to the plumber
aforesaid, who read it over three or
four times, and gavo a yell of delight
when he thought he saw the point,
"How wonderful,' exclaims some
unknown philosopher, ''are the laws
governing human existence. Were
it not lor tight lacing all civilized
countries would be overrun with women."
Proceedings In Congress.
The business of the Senate on the 6th
Inst., was unimportant, and, after a brie!
Executive session, an adjournment was
made until the 7th inst.
In the House, on the 0th inst., a resolu
tion was adopted, into tho expediency of
connecting Lake Michigan and the Missis,
ippi river by ship canal -A resolution
was also introduced relative to instructions
to naval commanders in Cuban waters, for
the protection of American life and proper
ty, and for information concerning the re
cent executions in Havana An inquiry
was instituted as to the best means f pre
serving the archives of the State Depart
ment from fire Adjourned.
Tho session of the Senate on the 7th
inst. was unimportant. Sumner gave notice
of a bill to abolish the office of Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue and to reduce
taxation.
In the House various bills were intro
duced and referred, after which the House
took up the bill codifying the Postal laws,
but, before the reading the bill was con
cluded, the morning hour expired, when the
House adjourned to the 11th inst.
In the Senate, on the 11th, Mr. Sum
ner was, at his own request, relieved from the
chairmanship of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections Petitions were presented
and referred, asking for a repeal of the duty
on salt Chandler introduced a bill for
deepening St. Clair Flats canal to Id feet
Logan introduced a joint resolution legalizing
tho issue of food, blankets, etc., by the Secre
tary of War to the Chicago sufferers. Tabled
Ramsey introduced a bill to establish the
Territory of Ojibway, and providing tem
porary government therefor. The proposed
Territory lies between the 46th and 40th par
allels, extending from Minnesota to Mon
tuua The supplemental convention be
tween the United States and Mexico, extend
ing for two years the time for the settlement
of the claims between the two countries, was
ratified At 3 o'clock the Senate went into
executive session.
In the House, on the 11th, new bills were
introduced By Mr. Cox for a general am
nesty without exception. By Morgan, pro
posing an amendment to the Constitution, so
as to make naturalized citizens eligjide for
the office of President or Vice-President of
the United States. By Burchard, to divide
Illinois into three judicial districts. Also, to
relieve the sufferers by the fire at Chicago.
By McNccly, proposing an amendment to
the Constitution, by which Congress should
have no power to raise taxes by imposts or
excise, but only by direct tax on property, to
be assessed, collected, and paid by the States
at their option. By Snapp, for a ship canal
between the Mississippi River ami Lake
Michigan. By Boveridge, fur the suspension
of duties on merchandise entered at Chicago.
By King, proposing an amendment to the
Constitution prohibiting the intermarriageof
white and colored persons, afrid authorizing
the States to provide for the education of
whitr and colored children in separate
schools. By Conger, to equalize bounties to
soldiers ami sailors of the late war Gar
field reported the bill appropriating $10,000
to supply deficiencies in taJiing the last cen
sus. Passed Campbell asked leave to
ofl'er a. concurrent resolution requesting the
President to cause negotiations with Great
Britain and Mexico, with a view to ascertain
the conditions on which they will consent to
tho annexation of their possessions on this
continent to the United States. Not received.
Standing Committees of the House.
Speaker Blaine announces the Stand
ing Committees of the House of Repre
sentatives as follows:
Election MeCreary, of Iowa; Hoar, oi
Massachusetts; Thomas, of North Carolina;
Perry, of Ohio; Hazelton, ot Wisconsyi;
Earns, of Rhode Island; Arthur, of Ken
tucky Merrick, of Maryland Rice, of
Illinois.
Ways and Means Dawes, of Massachu
setts; Maynard, of Tennessee; Kelly, of
Pennsylvania Brooks, of New York; Pin
kelnburg, of Missouri Burchard, of Illinois;
E. H. Roberts, of New York; Keer, of Indi
ana; Beck, of Kentucky.
Appropriations Gartield, of Ohio; Sar
gent, of Cali fornia Dickey of Pennsylvania
Clark, of New York; Palmer, of Iowa;
Hale, of Maine; Nibla:k,of Indiana; Mar
shall, of Illinois Swan, of Maryland.
Hanking and Currency Hooper, of Mas
sachusetts; Waldron, of Michigan Smith,
of Vermont; Farwcll, of Illinois; Monroe,
of Ohio; Merriam, of New York; Cox, of
New York; Randall, of Pennsylvania; Dox,
of Alabama.
Pacific Ilailroads Wheeler, of New York
Buffinton, of Massachusetts; Lynch, of
Maine; Sypher, ef Louisiana; Killinger, of
Pennsylvania Bcveridge, of Illinois;
Haughton, of California Averill, of Minne
sota Wells, of Missouri; McKinney, of Ohio;
Smith Ely, Jr., of New York Harper, of
North Carolina; McIIenry, of Kentucky.
Claims- Blair, of Michigan; Strong, of
Connecticut: Buckley, of Alabama; Hol
man, of Indiana Smith, of New York;
Frye, of Maine; Foster, of Ohio; Hrrris, of
Virginia; Foster, of Pennsylvania.
Commerce Shellabarger, of Ohio Sawyer,
of Wisconsin; Lynch, of Maine; Conger, of
Michigan Sheldon, of Louisiau Negley, of
Pennsy vania S. Ilolman, of Indiana;
Hambleton, of Maryland; Townsend, of
New York.
Public Lands Ketchum, of New York
Townsend, of Pennsylvania Hawley, of
Illinois; Kellogg, of Connecticut; Dunnell,
of Minnesota; Rusk, of Wisconsin; McCor
miek, of Missouri; Ritchie, of Maryland;
Slater, of Oregon.
Post Office and Post Jloads Farnsworth,
of Illinois; Hill, of New Jersey Twichell,
of Massachusetts; Tyner, of Indiana; Ran
dall, of Pennsylvania; Porter, of Virginia;
Houghton, of California; Van Trump, of
Ohio; Carroll, of New York.
Manufactures Burdett.of Missouri Ames,
of M;i.-s!ichusetts Upson, of Ohio; Stowell,of
Virginia; Pelade, of tfouth Carolina Rice,
of Kentucky: Rogers, of New York; .Stevens,
of Illinois; McClelland, of Pennsylvania:
Mitchell, of Wisconsin; Williams, of New
York.
Agriculture Wilson, of Ohio; Hays, of
Alabama; Havens, ot Missouri Lamport,
of New York; Speer, of Ge'Tia: Hazleton,
of New Jersey; Holdeman,o Pennsylvania
Garrett, of Tennessee; Crossland, of Ken
tucky. Indian Affairs Shanks, of Indiana; Bur
dett.of Missouri Smith, of Ohio; Averill,
of Minnesota; Creeley, of Pennsylvania;
Edwards, of Arkansas; Adams, of Ken
tucky. Military Affairs Coburn, of Indiana;
Stoughtou, of Michigan Hay, of Illinois
Dounan, of Iowa; Morey, of Louisiana;
Harris, of Mississippi; Blocum, of New
York; Campbell, of Ohio; Terry, of Vir
ginia. Militia Sheldon, of Louisiana; Sprague,
of Ohio; Twichell, of Massachusetts; Walls,
of Florida; Rush, of Wisconsin; Connor, of
Texas; Blair, of Missouri Acker, of Penn
sylvania; Tuthill,of New York.
'District of Columbia Starkweather, of
Connecticut; Williams, of Indiana; Polland,
of Vermont; Darrell, of Louisiana: Horner,
of Pennsylvania; Cotton, of Iowa Eldridge,
of Wisconsin; Crebbs, of Illinois; Roosevelt,
of New York.
Judiciary Bingham, of Ohio; Butler, of
Massachusetts; Peters, of Maine; Mercer,
of Pennsylvania; Wilson, of Indiana; Gode
rich.of New York; Eldridge,of Wisconsin;
Voorhees, of Indiana; Potter, of New York.
Jltvolutionary Claims Wallace, of South
Carolina: Pendleton, of Rhode Island;
I'rindle.of New Jer5cy McJuukin, of Penn
sylvania; Stowell, of Virginia; Comings, of
Missouri; Hancock, of Texas; Handley, of
Alabama; Forker, of New Jersey.
Public pjj.oidifu rc.i Sawyer, of Wiscon
sin Strong, of Connecticut WhiteW. of
Georgia; Lowe,of Kansas; Foster, of Michi
gan; Kinsella, of Jew York; Meyers, of
Pennsylvania; Davis, of West Virginia;
Reed, of Kentucky.
Private Land Claims Mercur, of Penn
sylvania Upson, of Ohio McGrew, of West
Virginia; Smith, of New York; Coghlan, of
California; Barber, of Wisconsin; Halde
inan, of Pennsylvania; Bell, of New JIamj
shire Bright of Tennessee.
Xaval A fairs Scofleld,of Pennsylvania;
Starkweather, of Connecticut; Ketcham, of
Now York: Hays, of Alabama; Piatt, of
Virginia; Coghlan, of California Archer, of
Maryland; Sutherland, of Michigan; Whit
holme, of Tennessee.
Foreign Affair Banks, of Massachusetts;
Myers, of Pennsylvania; Willard, of Ver
mont; "Ambler, of Ohio; Duel!, of New
York; Packard, of Maryland; Wood, of
New York; Morgan, of Ohio; Hobihson, of
Illinois.
Territories Jaffe, of Nebraska; McKee,
of Mississippi; Trindle, of New York; Par
ker, of Missouri Lowe, of Kansas; Shoe
maker, of Virginia; Barn una, of Connecti
cut; Vaughan, of Tennessee; Howard, of
West Virginia.
Ilcvolutionary Pensions and War of 1812
Willard, of Vermont; Porter, of Virginia
Eames, of Rhode Island Cobb, of North
Carolina; Sprague, of Ohio; Rice, of Ken
tucky; Forker, of New York Caldwell, of
Tennessee.
Invalid Pensions Moore, of Illinois;
Peck, of Ohio; Wallace, of South Carolina;
McJunkin, of Pennsylvania; Wakeman, of
New York; Turner, of Alabama; Bond, of
New Jersey Monson, of Indiana; Speer, of
Pennsylvania.
Haiiicays and Canals Packer, of Pennsyl
vania; Ames, of Massachusetts; Halsey, of
New Jersey Morphis, of Missouri Knapp,
of Illinois; St. John, of New York; Biggs,
of Delaware; Winchester, of Kentucky;
Lamison, of Ohio.
Mines and Mining Waldron, of Michi
gan; Sargeant, of California; Banks, of
Massachusetts; Smith, of Vermont; Negley,
of Pennsylvania; Sessions, of New York;
Shaler, of North Carolina Young, of Geor
gia; Kendall, of Nevada.
Freedmen's Affairs Cobb, of North Caro
lina; Brooks, of Massachusetts Butler, of
Tennessee; Seeley, of New York Snyder, of
Arkansas Rainey, of South Carolina
Griffiths, of Pennsylvania; Braxton, of
Kentucky; King, of Missouri.
Education ana Labor Pierce, of Missis
sippi Hoar, of Massachusetts Townsend,
of Pennsylvania; Butler, of Tennesson;
Bennett, of Minnesota Elli tt, of South
Carolina; McNeeley, of Illinois; Storm, of
Pennsylvania; Mclntyre, of Georgia.
lie vision of the Laws of the United States
Butler, of Massachusetts; Poland, of Ver
mont; Ambler, of Ohio; Lansing, of New
York; Killinger, of Pennsylvania; Eacley,
of Georgia Leach, of South Carolina Sher
wood, of Pennsylvania; Sloss, of Alabama.
(foinaggc, Weights and Measures. Kelly,
of Pennsylvania Hooper, of Massachusetts
Beatty, of Ohio; Stoughton, of Michigan
Cutcher, of Virginia Roberts, of New York
Parks, of New Hampshire.
Patents Myers, of Pennsylvania; Ste
venson, of Ohio; Brooks, of Massachusetts;
Barry, of Mississippi; Walden, of Iowa;
Warren, of New York; Hibbard, of New
Hampshire; Golladay, of Teune3se; Dubois,
ot Georgia.
Public Buildings and Grounds Halsey, of
New Jersey; Tyner, of Indiana; Piatt, Jr.,
of Virginia; Orr, of Iowa; Farwell, of Illi
nois; Sessions, of New York Getz, of Penn
sylvania; Wells, of Missouri; Terry, of New
York.
Mileage McGraw, of Georgia; Darrell, of
Louisiana; Hazelton. of New Jersey; Holli
day of Tennessee Blair, of Missouri.
Accounts Buffinton, of Massachusetts;
Sawyer, of Wisconsin; Harris, of Mississippi
Archer, of Maryland Lewis, of Kentucky.
Expenditures in State Department Conger,
of Michigan; Whitely, of Georgia; Havens,
of Missouri; Rogers, of Louisiana; Myers,
of Pennsylvania.
Expenditures in Treasury Department
Lynch, of Maine; Sypher, of Louisiana;
Hay, of Illinois Barnum, of Connecticut
Kendall, of Nevada.
Expenditures in War Department Will
iams, of Indiana; Barber, of Wisconsin;
Snyder, of Arkansas; Acker, of Pennsyl
vania; Kinsella, of New York.
Expenditures in A'ary Department Kel
log, of Connecticut; Parker, of Missouri;
Hostctfer, of Wisconsin; Brigg3, of Dela
ware and Tuthill, of New York.
Expenditures in Post Office. Icpartmcnt
Barry, of Mississippi; Hosmer, of Pennsyl
vania; Bijjby, of Georgia; Robe-is, of New
York and Shaler, of North Carolina.
A Kacc with a Panther.
In Pennsylvania, a few clays ago, a
boy of fourteen years, living in Kock
ton, Clearfield county, made a narrow
escape from a panther. While on his
way to the tunnel, on an errand in
Union township, he was startled by a
low and heavy growl nearly overhead.
Upon looking up he saw a panther
perched on a tree, about thirty feet
from tho ground, which was wagging its
tail in anticipation of springing upon
its prey. No sooner did the boy's eyes
meet the panther than it gave a loud
and piercing yell, and leaped to the
ground. This sudden, bold, and noisy
demonstration on the part of the pan
ther frightened the colt which the boy
was riding and it took to flight at full
speed the panther keeping close to its
side, and about neck to neck, giving an
occasional fierce yell, which seemed to
add speed to the colt's feet. After run
ning in this mannerJbr about forty rods,
the panther gave up the chase.
Noxious Gases of Mamifni'tiiriiigr Es
tablishments. The chemical effect of the gases of
various manufacturing establishments
upon the health of plants and animals
in their vicinity, has frequently been a
subject of investigation, ami it has been
shown that serious injuries may result
therefrom. In the com so oT a recent
inquiry in a village near Berlin, it was
found that vegetation was seriously af
fected over a circle covering mi area of
from LVJOO to (1,700 feet, the establish
ment occupying the focus of an ellipse
of noxious action, elongated in the di
rection of the prevailing wind. In the
case of rye plants, the stocks were green
a few inches from the roots, while above
this the color was gray, and the ilowers
did not fructify. Potatoes appeared as
if they had been attacked by the potato
disease, and plants of all kinds showed
evident signs of more or less injury.
Poison In Wall Papers.
Wall papers of all colors, even white,
it is stated, contain arsenic in large
quantities. An erninentQ analytical
chemist of London has recently exam
ined wall papers of many colors, such
as dark brown, bull; white, blue and va
rious delicate shades of gray, drab and
mauve, and tho results clearly indicated
that it is impossible for any one, profes
sional or otherwise, to judge by the eye
whether a paper contains arsenic or not.
A writer in the "British Medical Jour
nal" who sulFered for fourteen years
from arsenical poisoning from this
source, says that he has given up hav
ing paper on his walls, and now is re
lieved from his inconvenient symptoms.
When walls are painted care mut be
taken in selecting the pignu nt, many
of which contain ar-enk-.
Gen. (i rant's Victories of Peace.
From the New York Timet.
All largo communities aro very un
grateful. Republics have become pro
verbial for their forget fulness of public
services. This country is undoubtedly
specially given to the vice of ingrati
tude toward her great men, at least dur
ing their lives. At this remote period,
Washington stands in a halo ot glory,
but while he was President, nothing
could exceed the bitterness of the cal
umnies poured out upon him. Every
possible scandal against his private and
public life, every form of vulgar gossip
and base insinuation was used against
him. All our public men, during their
active service, havo passed through this
ordeal. The intensity of party-spirit
was perhaps greater at the formation of
the Government thannow, and calum
niation was more unscrupulous. Still,
through every new ter of the Presi
dency, the incumbent, or the aspirant to
it, has been exposed to this biting storm
of scandal and calumny. It seems to
historical students that the old and new
Democratic party always had a peculiar
proclivity to personal gossip against our
great men, if of the opposite side.
Washington, the two Adams's, Gen.
Harrison, Gen. Taylor, Clay, Webster,
Lincoln, and above all Gen. Grant, have
each and all been tho mark for unceas
ing vituperation and the bitterest per
sonal calumny. Democracy lias in fact
become mainly now an organization for
scandal. Nothing that President Grant
can do, will satisfy the gossip mongers
if he speaks, he is foolish if he keeps
silent, he is stupid. If he defends the
honor of the countrv, he is driven by
his old thirst for blood if he seeks
peace, he is pusillanimous.
There has been endless scandal
among the Democrats about the
presents" made to him. We are not
aware that during his Presidency he
has received gifts, but if he has done
so, no man deserves them better. Let
our readers go back to 1803 and 18G4.
Let them remember the almost utter
hopelessness of the national cause till
the great blows of Donaldson,Vicksburg
and Lookout Mountain turned the tide.
Let them recall tho long and bloody
struggle of theWilderness, with the best
General and the best army the rebels
ever had, and the final glorious triumph
of our cause, and then say if all the
honors and rewards a great nation could
bestow on her greatest son would have
have been in the least beyond his de
serts. Compare the petty gifts made to
Gen. Grant by the grateful citizens of
the country he'had done most to save,
with the immense rewards and emolu
ments heaped on the Duke of Welling
ton, for services not so vital to his coun
try and not more brilliant. There is
something pitiful and mean in this
counting the dollars which have been
given by men, grateful and admiring', to
the best General of the Republic, who
had stood between us and ruin. The
services which (ien. Grant has rendered
this nation can never be repaid,
and all this trumpery gossip about his
presents is a mere outburst of party
spleen.
We admit, indeed, that something of
the halo which surrounded the great
chieftain's head during the fiery days
of battle and siege, has faded. He had
a position at the close of the war which
no Presidency could enhance. We all
expected too much from him in his civil
administration. We all ardently hoped
that to the martial crown which he had
won by such noble services he would
add the more peaceful wreath gained
by greater victories in peace. We felt
that President Grant, above all, was fit
ted to redeem the Government from its
one great curse, of filling offices with
professional politicians, and that he
could at length inaugurate the great re
form of a change in the civil service.
He undoubtedly began his administra
tion hoping to accomplish this. His
first appointments were made outside of
the party hacks. But one man cannot
reform a whole system, however deter
mined he may be. Congress did not
support him in his efforts. lie was
badgered by members applying for con
stituents. There were thousands of of-,
fices to be filled. Xo impartial Board
to determine applications had been
formed. Congress and the country left
the President to get out of the difficulty
as he could. And the result was pre
cisely what was to be expected. The
President fell back on the old system,
and appointed persons to office on. the
recommendation of members of the
House and the Senate.
The old methods of filling the Civil
Service were resumed, and the Govern
ment of the country was carried on, as
before, by men chosen not for fitness,
but because they had performed certain
party services, or were favorites of cer
tain members of Congress. Everything
fell back into its obi vicious rut. This
was hardly to bo avoided. The Presi
dent was either compelled to fall out
with his party and Congress, and create
a second Johnsonian administration,
and start himself a new mode of tilling
offices, or lie must go in the old track.
There is no middle ground. Either
there must be an impartial commission
to examine applicants, and they must
be chosen or rejected for qualifications,
or the members of Congress or others
must recommend to the President, and
he must follow their advice. It was
perhaps too much to expect the Presi
dent to inaugurate this great reform,
single-handed. It would have involved
four years of incessant warfare with
Congress, and a split in the Republican
party. Following thus in the track of
the other Presidents, we ire quite ready
to admit tha, like them, Gen. Grant
has made a few unsuitable anoint
ments, lie has not 'apparently always
shown tho discernment in choosing his
civil subordinates that he did with his
military. Tho field is too large. He
must trust to others. But even in this,
he has made fewer mistakes than have
our previous Presidents.
In the coming Administration, if he
is called upon to guido it, he will be im
mensely aided in his much-needed re
form by the aroused public sentiment
of the country; and we believe that the
people would fully justify him in ap
pointing hi own commission for exam
inations to civil service, even if Congress
declined to do so.
At all event?, we have reaon to be
lieve that the Pie- ident fully intends to
do what he can to puh this great re
form, and where. Gen. Grant has set his
will, we know there is sure to be a way.
The irreat body of hi- admirers and
supporters through the country aill
expect, from their great chief, this
grandest victory of peace. They will
support and urge him for the Presi
dency in this hope and expectation.
They believe that history will yet record
of Gen. Grant, that he saved the coun
try in war, and redeemed it from its
worst evils in peace.
The Sensation of Abncnt Limb.
It has long been known to turgeong
that when a limb hau been ait off the
sufferer does not lose the consciousness
of its existence. This has been found
to bo true in nearly every such case.
Only about five per cent, of the men
who have suffered amputation never
have any feeling of the part as being
still present. Of the rest th-re are a
few who in time come to forget the
missing member, while the remainder
seem to retain a sense of its existence
so vivid as to bo more definite and in
trusive than is that of the truly living
fellow member.
A person in this condition is haunted,
as it were, by a constant or inconstant
fractional phantom of so much of himj
self as has been lopped away an un
seen ghost of the lost part, and some
times a presence made sorely inconve
nient by the fact that while but faintly
felt at times, it is at others acutely
called to his attention by the pains or
irritations which it appears to suffer
from a blow on the stump or a change
in tho weather.
There is something almost tragical,
something ghastly, in the notion of
these thousands of spirit limbs haunt
ing as many good soldiers, and every
now and then tormenting them with
the disappointments which arise when
the memory being off guard for a mo
ment, the keen sense of s the limb's
presence betrays tho man into some
effort, the failure of which of a sudden
reminds him of his loss.
Many persons feel the lost limb as ex
isting the moment they awaken from
the merciful stupor of the ether given
to destroy the torments of the knife j
others come slowly to this consciousness
in days and weeks, and when the wound
has healed, but, as a rule, the more
sound and serviceable the stump, espe
cially if an artificial limb be worn, the
more likely is the man to feel faintly
the presence of his shorn member.
Sometimes a blow on tho stump will
reawaken such consciousness, or, as
happened in one case, a reamputation
higher up the limb will summon it
anew into seeming existence.
With others it is a presence never ab
sent save in sleep. If," says one man,
I should say I am more'sure of the
leg which ain't than of the one that
are, I guess I should be about correct."
LippincotC s Magazine.
A Royal Feast in Africa.
Du Chaillu gives an interesting de
scription of a royal feast that was given
to him by King Obindiji, on the banks
of the Ovenga river in Equatorial Africa.
To the furious beating of drums,
twenty of the king's wives came forth,
each bringing a dish which they placed
on the mat. The first course was boiled
elephant, that had been cooking since
the day before to make it tender. Next
appeared boiled crocodile, the broth of
which was well seasoned with lemon
juice and pepper.
A monkey, roasted" whole, followed,
wonderfully resembling a roasted baby.
A wild boar was the next surprise,
with a strong flavor, as if it had been
killed many days before.
Then came the less astonishing buffa
lo ribs and tongue, which were followed
by smoked otter, antelope, and the light
gazelle.
Instead of bread, plantains were
placed in a large dish in the center.
The meats were followed by the fish,
as manaters, mullets, and turtles.
As a kind of second course, boiled go
rilla was prepared by a friend of Du
Chaillu, and "also a dish made of part
of a large snako cooked in leaves."
Du Chaillu gives his impression of
each article. The elephant was abom
inably tough the crocodile soup way
not at all agreeable, although the taste
was extinguished by pepper the wild
boar wa. putrid, but the Africans
44 thought it was exquisite the otter
he did not like, and the buffalo he
hardly touched but the monkey was
"perfectly delicious," as good .as tho
best of venison."
Payinir for Marriages.
Mr. Grant, who has given us a history
of English newspapers, tells a very good
story of the origin of the custom of
charging for the insertion of marriage
announcements. At first these were
published freely, as they still are by
many provincial papers. But in the
early days of the Times it was the cus
tom in announcing a marriage to state
the amount of the bride's dowry
.41:20,000, or .CXKOOO, or whatever it
might happen to ho and in looking
over the ladies' column, one morning at
breakfast, Mr. Walter threw out the
suggestion that if a man married all
this money he might certainly pay a
trifling per centage upon it to the
printer for acquainting the world with
the fact. 44 These marriage foes would
form a nice little pocket money for me,
my dear," added Mrs. Walter, and as a
joke her husband agreed to try the ex
perient. The charge, at first was but a
trifle, and the annual amount probably
not much. But Mrs. Walter at her
death passed this prescriptive right of
hers to her daughter, and when, a few
years ago, the right was repurchased by
the present proprietor, it was assessed
at 4,000 to 5,000 year. i
Whenever Burke found himself in
disposed, he ordered a kettle of water
to be kept boiling, of which he drank
large quantities, sometimes as much as
four or five quarts in a morning, with
out any mixture or infusion, as hot as
he could bear. Warm water, ho said,
would relax and nauseate, but hot water
was the finest stimulant and most pow
erful restorative in the world. Ho
thought it a tovereign cure for every
complaint.
Ox Monday last t he venerable Joseph
Bradley completed his th year. Mr.
Bradley U tho oldest living printer in
the United States, if not in the world.
He still works at the eae in the SW
office, and for correctness and speed can
put to the blush many who are scores of
years his junior0.