Tlio KivwSs of Longevity—Cartons
Illustrations.
rnTsroT.or.isT9 from the days of Galen
*w1Vl
1
ru'c.'i an('
tn ii vii ioa of ]j'0)
regulations for
tiro a
and Forrest is upwards of 70. Poets, as a
r! iss, have died very early but it is ques
tionable whether this is due to the immod
erate use of the brain or their own excesses.
15yr'n died at 30, Burns at 88, Qoldsmith
a 41, Spencer at 46, Thompson at 48,
int oat 50, and Tasso at 52, etc.
jn.
tin 11.11 1111 lmva. Upon a strict
io-«rvii. ou 11 tin-so laws and upon such
as tlio parentage, on
ti'mtkhi fir.tl 'orm 'f tlio individual, lon-
II.tu
itary longevity is
Dr. ^oiivt as tae most im
V,!rt .ut pro^iioslicatioa. Rush s«iil he
iiflver ki'i'.v un octOjienaiian who cmld
j.ot similar ius'anRcs in h'» family.
i"u ftnliniOil report of the hospitals
'in I work in., ol London, out of 597
ocdi^i-n".. ins, were descended from
Ion '.i vt tl rv nts.
ii caniiux pirer.tfiffe, Bacon makes
\he turi.'iis Hiutcniei that "those thit
J" 'l-- Hi" mo her at are longest
jive:." Thi same author describes the
tinut fiv• rihlo organization of old age,
"ms ono iih a head sma 1 in proportion
to i!• y, moderate neck, wide nostrils,
1 .rise in.•nth, ars gristly, teeth sound, a
vvv-li.Mird bodj., broad chest, larpe hand,
short toot,, yM large, and faci ity for hold
1iK 'be briaih Medici! authorities, as a
rule, rely more on the general phyaique
]"n mi d-tails Tuo celebrated
ilut', !nnd favors one of the middle size,
^'i'li a conip!et» harmony of all hia par's,
ft/nsi's not dt.lira o, pulse slow and
vegul tr. ivufi l.ivs more stress upon
iliv C''iintenar ce. lie says "every man
bvstinci to Hnch ail advanced riod of
i!i, Ji a inn-cu'nr forehead furnished
i'h :i .-soft skin, and the cose somewhat
curuvi." it Li respect to the sex, there
I'.-ts b- oii miuU discussion but it is cer
tain th .t woiut-n attain as nTeat age as
men, notwithstanding their inferioriiy of
form and sedentary habits. Ti«eh ex
Mains thn want of exercise as ing com
1 evsated t'.r by their talking so much.
The health of the human race is very
clepeudent upon the external conditions of
',J- f.hi«. olkoucimtar_ af. .IncajjjVQ
or hatiitation, and a untry geograph
ically .Nit nitid so as to combine regularity
of ttie seasons with a uniform, mild and
lnois cli.uate is the most corducive to the
prolongation of life. The moist unfavor
i':le io aliticsae those where extremes
ti temporatur.: prevail. In I.eland aud
Sib iia, both with extremely cold cli
jnat seven is the standard of extreme
»igo, while in China, with its tnormous
Io( ul ion. conti ir ans are so rare, that
when tli E eror in 1784 assembled the
olde.-t inhabitants of the Empire to the
nir.iib of 8,000, 'hero were only four
v. ho iy a ex-tided a ccntury. Moun
t.iino regions on account of the purity
oi the ati-o-,phoi, offer superior ad rant
mtes to rho-« o' low countries. Scotland,
Siyi zer!ahd and Wales are remarkable in
thW r« .p ct. Ancitnt Greece and Italy
v-ero cele.om'cl for their salubrious ch
in ites, vvh cti partially explains the many
inH'aerea of ex'iime a*u among their dis
tinguished men of antiquity. Sophoc es,
Thiliw, Deno, and Xenocrates exceeded
linety and Plato, Pindar, Solon, Xeno
pQan and Pythagoras lived beyond eighty
year-, tiii' have Icon aptly termed the
pnivcfl of th« human ppecics," ou account
oi the Ttality resulr, n.' fromdistase en
gem!tred by the impuri ies of the atmos
]ihero.
Many of the cases of remarkable lon
viiv are very doubtful. NuouasdeCugna
sa:d to havv. died in 1500, at the age of
y'C but the following arc some of the
mo authenticated instances:
Peter Lort in, of Hungary, aged 185
Louisa Truxo, a n' gress, of Houth Amer
ica, 17(1 John viu, of Hungary, 172
Sijjkh, his wife, 104 Henry Jenkins, of
J- inland, 109 Mrs. Ju tith Scott, of Eng
Lual,^ 162 Thomas Parr, of England,
I
'jJ Ivan de Outryei, of France, 140 the
C' un ess of smond, ot Ireland, 140
Alexander Cullock, of Scotland, 133
Peter Garden, Scotland. 131.
Very little information regarding the
mo .us of preserving life can be obtained
fr man examination of tlio habits of these
aged pes ids.
VThat Is ono man's poison, Signer,
Is another's meat or drink."
—Beaumont and Fletcher.
It is related that old Lortan's only food
whs milk and cakes, with brandy. Jen
kinfl appears to have subsisted on salted
beef ^nd sour, leavened bread. De Outryei
jive I o.i corn meal Parr drank ale and
sSierry, a many centenarians have been
addict- to the use of liquor and tobacco.
Whatever may be the fleet of diet upon
longevity, it is certain that the occupation
or profession xerts great influence.
Farmers are generally the most favored,
having the advantage of pure air, plenty of
exercise, wholesome diet, and freedom
from excitemcnt. Clergymen are long
lived, for they lead regular lives. The cel
ebrated WeOev attained the age of eighty
t'^ht, having preached sixty-six years.
Tuilors, shoemakers, printers and watch
mnkeisdie young from the coDlinement of
their pur^uitj. Masons, plumbers, and
painters are usually unnealthy, while car
penters and bookbind. rs are more fortu
nate ^tablemen and dyers live long. One
would not suppose that those connected
with ti stage would survive long, and yet
there *re many instances of very old ac-
t"r.-. Garrick lived till he was63 Ivemble, other answered back. "Now, hurrv. lust
60: Mrs Si (ions, 7(5 Colley Cibber, 80
Beyond Per Cent..
1
The pursuit of the arts and sciences
srem to favor health many of the most
illustrious artists attained great ages.
Titian lived to be ninety-six Michael An
gcl, eighty-nine Claude Lorraine, seven
ty light. Pnysicians, although exposed
to constant ri ks from disease, usuilly
reach old ag-, but not extreme age. Law
yers are shrt-lived. in short, all profes
sions requiring much study have a ten
di ncy to shorten life, and eighty consti
tutes the maximum age. With literary
neu, sleep tiie most important auxiliary
of health— too often neglected,
bleep is us necessary after in
t.rliectual as phsical labor. The
loss of a'eep has been know to oc
casion death, as in the case of Lord
Littleton, and a new-bo infant could not
survive twenty-four hours if kept awake.
BliauBpenre appropriately calls sleep,
uatur-. 's soft nurse." The married sUte
iJ rn re favorable than the single. Buffon
ti clares that "marriage is the proper state
ot niin," and physiologists affirm that
ii ru'ly nil the remarkable cases of ion
^fcvi were married rsons.. Old Parr
t:ii wedlock again at the advanced age
no hundred and twenty.
Philoso. lnrs have represented old age
fi'i uuevialjlo account of the physical
cac accompanying it, y. there is often
diminution of ths strength and vigor
ol the intellect at the most advanced
period of lift). Necker says "that the era
of three score and ten is an agre able age
for wriiimr." At eighty, Plato com
menced Greek, and Plutaich La in when
E urly the Mime a^e. Arnauld, when that
d, unh.-Ji.foT Josepirasr~" 'riieasptrrsr
tos. vilien inety, began his work on the
Ch'tracter of Man," a: the famous Izzak
Wall on, at ilic same aze, publi-hed some
una yir Christopher Wren continued
h: a itr'Tiomical and philosophical labors
beyond ninety.
u, in literature until hia de
OJiwe.
Gknehai. ('.'haft, ono of our prominent
..vyf
TH.
c,jUy
vth, hailed while passing Free-
L'.-n's j"w«drv ytnr«, by the proprietor
h, G' r.end,' orm- in here a moment
have iioirieittiing for you to solve. If a
.'ti b.-inga a watch to be fix d, and it
me ten cents to do it, and I ktep it
a e.-k, andoiiarge him $0, what per cent.
!i I ma hey VV.: have been figuring, and
in iku 000 per nt., and have only got
ii|!o^l [I iw much you say it will
tr nX *15?"
Well r. pl'i the General, "I do not
woudc at yiur rplexity, for it is well
lui'i.vri, ard the tvh hrated Babbit calcu
latiog in'.ch rte li«s monstrat d, that at
:ii points in progressive numbers the
la govi rtii't tie rn chan_cs. In this case
tli'j Jaw v. ouid ch.-i'ife, and loruj before it
v.o'ild rea'Ji tie ft) it would ruM out of
per c-nt. and iuto what is known as lar-
/"—Jla/pnr'x Mngazine.
LtiwycrH ai'»l the Sabbath#
his lec'uro on ihe Study and Practice
of Law, Proi.-"r ivo ry Washburn giv.
Via following advico in regard to the
3'ib^e and the ob
I
ti' -iUte not in oing further to say
tli-i^, ii he wishes cuHivat.e a imiliaiity
with tho best, and iiV'St. effective form of
the Fgli.-h lannuago, or to store his rnind
•with the miU nil iiitne conceptions and
noble thoughts, su as have never been
surpassed for grandeur, beauty or magnifl
ipee, he should ake the Bible a study
Jwe .dels and examples of which it is
fbll. Nor can he study any book which
will ao well teach him as this how to sway
the judgment and control the wills of
other men, by the insight it gives into the
gering if not actually impairing his capaci
ty to work. There are sad spectacles in
every business around us, of fine intel
lects paralyzed or prostrated by over-tax
ation of tho brain, enough to warn a
young man as to th-) manner in which he
should treat that delicate and sens tive
organ. The bow kept always bent at last
loses its power of tensi and the mind
like the body, bv a continuous strain, ex
hausts the quick and vital energy which
vigorous health gives to the system. Such
his hours of relaxation, or he will pay for
cheating himself of these by the forced
rest from labor which nature will impose
upon him when he can least afford it.
Whatever, therefore, may be the specula
tive notions of a lawyer as to the higher
obligation to observe the Christain
Sabbath, there is enough in the need of
such a relaxation from his labors, and a
decent respect to the opinions of others to
suggest the wisdom of substituting some
thing else than law as a mental occupation
for at lea one day in the week."
EVENING BRINGS US HOME.
And tbe gong of its rippling waters
Is melody ewoet to mo.
It rose In rough wares this morning.
That foamed upon its breast.
But abash bus (alien opon It,
Evening has bronght Its rest.
With white sails fnrled, the flsbermea,
Back to the shore have come,
Tbey are res'lng now at their cabin doors,
Evening has brought her home.
I'm dreaming of my long journey
Across this stormy world,
And the hoar when my boat will anchor,
And Its tattered satis be furled.
Many a friend has gone from me,
Very far away are some.
But tlil« whtgper dries the tear-drops,'
Evening will bring them home.
Some may have perhap* forgotten me.
On the battle-fleld of life,
Bur a bond unltos our severed heart*,
We are partners In the strife.
And some—their hearts were blighted
In the early (lawn of day.
Their sky Is dark with stormy clouds,
Life la very cold and gray.
Others are very faint nd worn
In the hea* of noonday sun,
They raise their burning hands and cry,
Ol when will day be doauf
Te may cease your weary moaning,
There are angels at your side.
Who will leal jou through this furnace
To tbe calm, cool eventide.
Perhaps they had once In rorrow
Aoroes this earth to roam:
But that passed away forever
When evening brought them home.
The crimson cloudlets are glowing
a hove the water's breast.
Over tbe ripples there Is a line
Of gold tuat leads to rest.
The West gets redder and redder,
The shadows are very long.
The time for slumber la corning.
And the hour for evenaong
Lovely and fair Is the morning,
Bright is God's glorious sun
Bat weary spirits rest at eve,
in the long, long day Is done.
—Once A Week.
When I
Lying to Children*
I was sitting on the door-steps, one
warm Sabbath evening last spring, idly
watching the passers-by, and speculating
vaguely regarding their different charac
ters, when my attention became suddenly
fixed upon three individuals—two women
and a boy. As they came near I heard
one wooian say to the other, I fear it will
be chilly when we return. I do wish I
had brought my shawl." You will need
it," replied the other, and I thought you
had it but don mind, Charley will run
back and get it." No, ma, I don't want
to," said the little boy. Yes, you do,"
said his mother. Now, ro right along,
like a good boy. You will find it lying on
my bed in the bed-room." "But you
won't wait for me," jersis'ed tbe boy,
"aud I don't want to go." Yes we will,"
his mother answered, "wo won't stir one
step from where we stand."
Well, I'll go, then," he replied, and off
he started on a un. Presently he stopped
and lookt behind, calling at the top of
bis voice, "You'll be sure to wait for
me?" Yes, ye», of course we will," the
Fontenelia "the rent™* A good joke is told on Judge Houchin,
,Au_.^e_°' ,ce^ena-
0
Wlie:e in man.
vne revelation, it is worne than folly for one
who his any de-irc to share tbe respect of office v.i ilufpallid youth, and adminis-
hers for i's prudence, or se:i3« pmpri
io indulge sneering criticisms upon
•i viine'.iiicity. or the truths it revials.
.-,d
PAPKn
laws of human nature, and the motives of his food will have tho lock-jaw.
the liumw heart. And as for tho law it
self, in no other hook can he find so many
of the dements of what he brings daily
into play in the business by which heearus
his livelihood. Another thing to be re
garded in this connection is the frequent
and regular periods of rest which are inoc
ulated in the book to which 1 have just
referred. I do not believe that a law
yer can work, with the life and vigor
which justice to himself demands, more
than six out of seven days, for any con
J-
as fast as you can." I was watching "the
graceful motion of the boy, almost un
miudful of the near proximity to the two
womtn, when I heard the mother say to
her companion. "Now, when Charley
turns the corner ao that he can't see us,
we will walk on. I only told him we
would wnii to make him willing to go."
And they did walk on, and soon the
thickening shadows hid them from my
view.
Still I (at outside, curious to see what
Charley would do when he returned. Ten,
fifteen minutes passed, and then I heard
the patter of his feet along the walk. (It
had grown so dark that I could hardly
distinguish him.) O, mamma," he called
out, when he came to where he had left
them "you promised to wait for me, and
youdidnt. You lied to me, and Til never
believe you again as long as Ilive."
Then he ran on a little farther, and again
stopped, and called out: You lied to me,
mamrni, you did!" Sick at heart, I went
inside, had seen and heard enough for
one evening. Methinks, could the mother
only realize the awful impoit of her bo^'s
words, You lied to me, and I will never
believe you again," that she would rather
have died than to have deceived him.
A child will Lam the lesson of distrust
very easily, and when once learntd, how
nearly impossible to be unlearned. To the
moiher great responsibilities are given.
8he may mold tho character of her chil
dren almost as she chooses, and if she fails
in her duty she lays up for both herself
and them untold misery. If she lies to
her children she cannot blame them for
lying to her.
It were kinder, I could almost say, in
any mother, to thrust a dagger into the
heart ot her ch id, than to sow the seedB
of distrust there.
Mothers, pause and think, before you de
ceive, even in the merest rifle, the little
child God has given to your keeping.
Married for a Dime*
A CORRESPONDENT at Rocky
Station sends us the following.
Brownsville. The judge was seated
near the bar door at the hotel of York
Houchin, when a rather pale, slender
youth approached the hotel and inquired
for Judge Houchin. A gentleman seated
near by pointed to the judge, and observ
ed, "There is the gentleman." The young
man said to him, St thia way, ,lud*,e."
Tbe judge stepped to the edge of the
porch, when the young man said. I have
come over here to get married."
"Wei," said the judge, "I have no
objections."
Well, I want you to go over to the
court hou-e with me I want the license."
You must go to the clerk."
The lad started off in great haste, and
in a few miuutcs returned.
They say you will marry me."
Yes, I do marry peo le sometimes, but
it is customary to get a miniate
What do yoa charge for marrying?"
I never make any cha ge I marry tbe
bojs, and they pay me whatever they
think it is worth."
You will many me for a dollar, won't
you V'
"Yes I always marry the boys, and
they ty me whatever they think it is
worth."
A tremendous burst of laughter follow
ed, and the Judge stood treat.—Tjmisville
Commercial.
Well, then, won't you marry me for a porary relief in each case.
quarter in silver?" If «ny of our readers hav contracted
"Oh, yes the law allows me two dol- 'he habit of using the drug, they have the
lars but I always marry the boys, and best of mimical authority for disoon-
ervarce of he Babbath: they pay me ju as I siid, just what they tinuing it w.thout delay, except, as it is
repaid the Bible as adi- think it i3 worth." taken under the advice of an att.nding
eo the judge started for the clerk's physician. Kqjally insidious with opium
in any of its forms, and fur worse thirn al-
in my hands, I pronounce you man and
wife."
Homebrdy called out You area mar
riqfl man now."
"Well, Ju iflie, you ought to have done
that lor nothing it isn't worth more than
a dime no how!"
tered the ma ria^e ceremony in these few coho in its effects, chloral should bo avou!
words: By the autnority which I hold ed as an arc enemv, unless where it* use
Cuffs.—Newspaper
It
A Savannaii man was cured of rheu
matism by the active movements he mado
to get out of the way of a mad steer.
Tub
^rabje Umgth rf time, without endan- I holds deposits to he amount of six miii
ion do'lars—a sum larger than the aggre
gate banking capital of the city.
This
being the law under which wc are created, umu iuuuc
it is worse thin folly to disregard it. The
young must have his hours of sleep and
aud
a
a
Mr. Morris Phillips
A
Boston
A
A grand fashionable wedding, announc
ed to take place a few days ago, New
York, wa* postponed under peculiar and
trying circumstances. The groom, de
tained down town longer than he antici
pated, hastened to hi-i home to array him
self for the C' remony, and found that his
wedding suit had not arrived. He imme
diately dispatched a messenger for the
missing gaiments, and waited with what
patience he could summon for his Tetuin.
The messenger returned, but not the pan
taloons. The tailor, a Spanish professor
of the nrt of cutting and in king, hnd the
misfortune to have his establishment seiz
ed for debt, and the wood-t bridegroom's
wedding suit was seized with the stock,
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. The Man Who Knows Everybody.
attacks.
does not follow that a man who bolts
A good man provides for his chil
dren. A policy in the Washington Life is
one way to do it.
Mutual Life, of Chicago, reserves
by tho highest standard in the United
States, and gives it members the best se
curity.
A savings bank in New Bedford, Maps.,
offlco of tho Waynesboro* (Pa.)
Republican was recently robbed by bur
glars of two dollars, and the public wants
to know if the editor came honesily by all
that mney.
THEPiWsfield (Mass.) Times s^ys that,
fifty earsngo, a man named David Ilil
liard disappeared from that town, aud no
trace of him uld be found. A few days
ago he returned. He hid been in Maiae,
bad nevtr seen a railroad until within
y,
ar-
left a little girl, but she is now
grandmother.
A foll-bearded young grandfather
recently had his hirsute appendage shaved
off, showing a clean tace for the first time
for a number of years. At the dinner
table his three-year old grand daughter
noticed it, "Gazed long with wonduriug
eye," and finally «jaculated: "Grandfather,
who-e head you got on?"
"When
the Emperors of Germany and
Auatria met at Wei*, Francis Joseph in
troduced to William I. his adjutant, a
Hu garian count with only one arm.
"Where did you lose your arm, count
asked the German emperor. At Hadowa,
your majesty," replied the count, at the
charge ot your cavalry which you ltd
yourself." Thia reply effected *»*nporor
so much that he took the iron cross from
his breast and attacked it to that ol the
count.
Evert
writes to the
Home Journal from Paris: Those who
go to Paris with the idea that they can
live ch aply 11 be sadly mistaken Be
fore the war this may have been true but
a grout change has taken place. War is a
costly game, and the looser must pay the
price. To help pay the Prussian demand
everything has been taxed—provisions
with other commodities per consequence,
hotel charges a high. True, a good din
ner, table d'hote, is served with wine for
five francs, and tha rate per night for lodg
ing is reasonable, but attendance is charged
separately, and so tire candles and when
tha traveler gets his bill he is amazed
with items and extras he never dreamed
of."
gentleman, traveling in
Europe, had his watch stolen from him in
Vienna, and offered a reward equal to fifty
dollars in our money. The watjh did m.t
appear, and, when returning toward
America, he left his name and ad ross,
and the number of his watch. A \ear has
since gone, and he gave up ail hopes of
ever seeing it, when a few days ago, his
Wotch came to him in Boston, the on
charge upon it be ng one of fifty centi for
express transportation from hew York.
The thief had been arrested in Vienna,
the watch Lund upon him, and forwarded
by the city government of Vienna free of
charge to jNew York. This shows a de
sire upon the part of the authorities th re
to St cure the good wishes of travelers, to
say the least.
Daring Huntbr.—Louis
Thk
Ktlley is,
perhaps the most daring and successful
Indian hunter in the great We t. He
travels alone, fights alone, wears a com
plete suit of buckskin, and wears a turban
around hia head when out on the prairie.
He is said to be a graduate of a college,
and hnils from Virginia or South Carolina.
It is thought he was a Confederate officer.
He is about twenty-two yeais ot age,
handsome, well formed and muscular.
The Indians dread him as much as they
ever did Kit Carson or Daniel Boone. He
never misses his m«rk. An Incian is as
good as dead the moment he draws sight
on him. He will travel weeks at a time
through hostile Indians and never express
a thought of danger. Kelley is now on a
trip to the headwaters of the Yellowstone,
a country never yet visited by any white
man. He is alone. He has been known
to dare a dozen Indians on the open prai
rioto fight him in a body. No Indian
will ever get within reach of his deadly
rifle.
Columbus (Wis.) Democrat says:
One of the two children of a family here
died the night before the circus. It be
came an angel iuopportunely. But the
parents did not allow its sudden accession
to happiness to sadden them inordinately.
When the morning looked into the vacan
cy of the little faco, they had already
straighten'.d the limbs for the grave. It
did not hear the uproar of the approach
ing procession, but the bereaved parents
did, and they left it alone with the con
queror that spares not in ancy, and went
out to enjoy the grand entree of the lions
and monkeys, buiing their protracted
absence the undertaker came with his
casket. He found the doors locked but
death had entered unpermitted, and his
business is to follow. Tue coffin was de
posited through tho window on the floor.
Some time that day, the sorrow laden
parents found leisure to place the stii.ed
prattler in its permanent cradle. That
night they hied them forth again to as
suage their grief in the delights of the
amphitheatre, leaving silence aud deser
tion two cartful watchers of their babe.'
and was in possessionof the Sheriff. Fancy I well cut off all the leaves of trees, and ex
the tituation. It was almost the hour for I pect them to flourish, as to pare away the
the ceremony, and no clothes. The per- I frog and have a heilthy foot. The rough,
law' but'U
pointed bridegroom, compelled against his
will to appear a laggard in love, had to re
turn to his home and indite an epistle to
waiting bride, explaining that, as he had
no clothes, theie could be no wedding.
Hydrate of Chloral.
Tfierb Is
Hill
great dangor that this drug,
which was introduced lei-') than two years
ago as a substitute for preparations of
opium in allaying nervous irritation, will
prove to be a greater harm than the drug
it was intended to displace. It has already
come into extensive, use as a imiiy remedy
—a something handy to have in the hoiue
—and hundreds of families now use it
with more or less regul rity. In England
the evil is far more widely spread titan in
the United States. A competent medical
autboritw in London estimates the total
Tte danger of a continued use of hy
drate of chloral will be understood when it
is known that it acts as a permanent de
pressor of the vital forces. Hence, how
ever useful it may be when administered
under competent medical direition to
allay a temporary nervous excitement, the
result of its repeated use can only be to
check the processes of life, interfering
seriously with the healthy functions of
the body, and bringing about a genuine
nervous tremor, which is the result of
weakness artificially induced. It is espe
cially dangerous, too, as uniike opium, its
continued use does not allow the system
to take 1 rgi doses with comparative im
punity. On the contrary, the fame dose,
after the etid of one month, will work far
more injury to the nervous fyBtera than at
first, though its use may seem to give tem-
is indicated in the cure of specific disease
on a diagnosis raade by a skillful medical
practitioner. Chicago Tribune.
When
salca of the drag in that country at fifty tervale—at, least three or four times a dav.
tons—-a sufficient quantity to mike thirty
six millions of ordinary doses.
a man retires from business,
and lives on the interest, of his money, he
may be considered as resting on his owors.
—To small tradesmen—A bad thing to
be out of -Temper.
one, we presume, knows a man
who knows everybody. By affinity, if not
by blood, he is own brother to the man
who knows everything but he is a vastly kinds, but they are all ood Tho seed
moro entertaining and companionable fel
low he is oound to be clever and agreea
ble, and, alove all things, sympathetic, or
he would not know everybody. To know
many people argues tho possession of sev
eral excellent qualities, such as tact, amia
bility, unselfishness, magnetism. A man
may have these, to be sure, and yet not
kuow everybody. To do that he must
have a sort of genius, a genius for socia
bility. This is uot perhaps a lofty gilt,
and wc should say not a rare one, but
under most circumstances it is a pleasant
gift.
The man who knows everybody differs
in one respect from the man who knows
everything he is not a dispenser of what
goes under the head of useful information
he is not eternally setting his fellow-man
right in the matter of statistics, history,
geography and philology. He is not nec
essarily a well-read roan his gossip is not
bom of books people and not things are
his specialty. lie is generally a person of
As a general thing he is a pleasant per
son to meet. His varied knowledge of all
your friends and their antecedents render
him especially agreeable if you encounter
him in a foreign laud. say he is like a
letter from home is to describe him feebly.
He is like a whole postofDce of letters.
By virtue of his familiarity with persons
and affairs connected with your own
sphere, he becomes in a few minutes an
old old friend of twenty years' standing.
But though he is communicative to the
last degree, and seemingly as open as day
lignt, a certain sort of mystery invariat ly
attache- itself to him. It is not clear how
he has had the time and opportunity to
know such a multitude ot people. A man
in n.ercantile or professional life is neces
sarily brought in contact with numerous
persons but, after all, he moves in a nar
row circle he is constantly meeting the
same or the same kind of man. H*i does
not get out of his own tet. Like the so
ciety of a small town, the society the
great world is divided into cliques, innu
merable circles revolving around each
other, but seldom or never touching. Now
the man that knows everybody does not
appear to be under the same limitations
the social bore who thrusts himself In
everywhere, and is only tolerated. The
man who knows everybody is welcome.
And, indeed, he deserves to be cherished.
He is proof that human na'ure is better
than we think it is. lie eituer sees it with
clearer ees than other men, ar else he
brings to the study a heart full of Chris
tian charity. He knows everybody and is
not disgusted.—jEvery Saturday.
A round of Milk.
An esteemed correspondent who criti
cises the very excellent custom which has
become almost or quite universal at batter
and cheesc factories and is rapidly spread
aware of the origin of the custom, and is
in error in basing his
supposed fact that
what is a quart of milk.
cral standards as regards mea-urcs of ca-
pacity, especially the wine gallon of 231 I
(llM
cubic incites. One of these is sometimes
used and sometimes the other. In the
early history of the factories, farmers
were often induced to give beer gallons
instead of wine gallons, beciuse they
wished the price p» gallon to be nomin
ally as large as ssible and the system of
buying and selling by measure rapidly
came into disfavor. A pound is a stan
dard weight, and has the same meaning
wherever the English language is spoken.
The bulk of a given quantity of milk,
moreover, will vary with temperature,
and we have had occasional doubts
whether the froth is not sometimes count
ed in," when thn number of quaits yielded
is measured warm from the cow, for the
information of the public. As to compar
ison of weights and measures,it is common
to regard a nt as a pound, but a careful
corresp nd^nt of the Country Gentleman
lately stated, as the result numerous
trial-*, that a quart of milk will average
2 1-5 pounds in weight, and when thor
oughly cold, tt at he had found a quart to
wti^h nearly 2 1-4 (2.23) pounds.—Coun
try Gentleman.
Spoiling Horses' Feet.
All veterinary surgeons, ail horsemen, all
leading blacksmiths, agree that the frog
should not be pared one particle—not even
trimmed. No matter how pliable and soft
the frog is, cut it away mouth on all
sides, and in two or three days it will be
dry and hard aB
spective'Benedict.jumpedinto a carriage spongy part of the frog is to the foot what of almost the whole bodv would be requir
through the streets in leaves are to the tree-the lungs.
Neve have a red-hot shoe put upomthe
treaties iould ov. him to »Wd theVed'- SSwff Si"™ »«ehS to «°.V.
ploy him. The burning process deadens
the hoof and tends to contract it. If yon
do not think so, try the red hot poker on
your finger nail, and see if it will not af
fect the growth ef that.
Thtre are many important points in
shoeing horsee, but these two are of ire
importance than all the rest, level to the
apprehension of men not skilled in horses,
ana the two most disregarded.—Mirror
and Farmer.
Cow Withholding Her Milk*
A cow will sometimes withhold her
milk when her calf is taken away, but
usually only for a short time. The remedy
in such cases is g. ntle treatment, and a
persistent eflort to draw the milk and
bathing the udder with cold water. Tte
in a a in
If the cow is treat kindly, and a con
tinued effort be made to draw the milk
from time to time, she usually yields the
point, and in a few days will forget her
calf and give down her milk regularly. I down as near to the ground as may be eie
If harsh treatment is resorted to, and the
milkirg be neglcctcd, inflammation of the
udiier and garget m*y set, in, causing
serious trouble and rhaps loss of milk
entirely, if not otli and permanent in
jury to the cow. It is not advisable to
puncture the teat under such circumstan
ces—At least, not until continued and
thorough efforts have been made to draw
the miik by hand, in the usual way.
In case of obstructions in the milk duct,
on account of coagulated milk or troin
some imperf.cticn ot the parts, a properly
formed tube may sometimes be used with
advantage. These tubes are constructed
of siiv r, with a smooth, round point,
pi freed with holes, through which the
milk may pass into tlie tube, and so ar
ranged as not to injure the milk duct when
introducing or withdrawing it from the
goose quills are used for the purpose, they It is well understood that ice keeps bet
USEFUL AND SUGGESTIVE.
Sun Flowers.—A
Wk
ri
i~
winch is gained only by time and experi
en he has traveled much indeed, he
is traveling perpetually. The Wandering
Jew of the legend is'not a more uneasy
spirit. You will find him—we are speak
ing of the American type—at Baden-Ba
den in the height of the season and after
the season is over he is smoking a chi
boque in Constantinople he is stopping
temporarily at the be hotel In London
he is at every well known watering-place
in the world he is on all the trains and
stcamboatB going everywhere, and never
misses being a passenger in every old stage
coach that is lumbering along some out
of-the-way road. If chance takes you to
an unheard of, one-horse hotel in the lone
liest part of New England or in the
Southern States, you will find the man
who knows everybody sitting on the porch
Waitiu£ foi juu ao iF hy opjv\mtmont. JJo
is the first person that salutes you on your
arrival at Yokohama. If you were cast,
like Robinson Crusoe, on an uninhabited
island, you would discover his footprints
on the beach before you had time to dine
upon the toothsome varieties of mol'usks
hich always throw themselves providen
tially and with remarkable precision at
the feet of shipwrecked mariners.
Look
-s other folk. He has managed somehow within compass. Never stretch your legs
writerin the F~airie
Firmer thinks it more profitable to raise
the mammoth sun flower than the common
valuable for many purposes, especially for
feeding hens. The stalks are very useful
for kindl ng fires."
Remedy
Fon
Ear Aciik.—Generally,
heat is the best remedy. Apply a warm
pouitice or warm oil to the ear. Rub the
back of the ear with warm laudanum. In
case of fetid discharge, carefully Byringe
the ear with warm milk aud water. In all
cases keep the ear thoroughly cleansed.
Relief is often given by rubbing the hack
of tha ear with a little hartshorn and wa
ter.
are generally losers in tho end, if
we stop to refute all the backbitings and
gossipping we may hear by the way.
They are annoying, it is true, but not dan
gerous, so long as we do not stop to ex
postulate and scold. Our characters arc
formed and sustained by ourselves, by our
own actions and purposes, and not by
others. Always bear this in mind, that
calumniators may usually be trusted to
time and the slow, but steady, justice of
public opinion."
Drilling
WnEAT.—In drilling in fall
wheat some advantage may be gained by
the direction iu which the drills are run.
The prevailing winds in winter are from a
northerly direction. If the drills are ar
ranged to run similarly, when the ground
is frozen and the wieda are violent much
earth is blown from about the roots, and
they become sometimes dangerously ex
posed. If the drills run in an easterly di
rection Ihe winds will blow acr ss them,
and all loose earth, dust and tloatiDg mat
ters, and, most important of all, the sn .w,
will be drifted against the rows ot wheat
plants on the side where they need protec
tion. The roots will thus gain covering
which is useful not only during the conl
weather, but also during the growing sea
son.—Hearth and Home.
How to
See Under Water.—SAYA A
writer in the Scientific American: "The
Indians of North America do this by cut
ting a hole through the ice, and then cov
ering or hanging a blanket, in such a man
ner aB to darken or exclude the oirect rays
of the sun, when they are enabled to Bee
into the water, and discover fish at any
reasonable depth. Let any one who is
anxious to prove this, place himself under
the blanket, and he will be astonished
when he beholds with what a brilliancy
everything in the fluid world is lighted
up. I once had occasion to examine the
bottom of a mill pond, for which I con
structed a float out of inch plank, sufficient
to buoy me up through ihe center of this
float I cut a hole, and placed a blanket
over it, when I was enabled to clearly di3
most to your spending. No mat-
ter what comes in, if more goes out you
will always be poor. The art is not in
making money, but ia keeping it lit le
expenses, Jitie mice in a barn, when they
are many, m^k-j great waste. Hur by
hair, heads get bild straw by straw, the
thatch goes off the cottage and drop by
drop, the rain comes ia the chamber. A
barrel is soon emp'y, if the tap leaks out a
drop a minu e. When you mean to save,
begin with your mouth there are many
thieves down the red lan Tin ale jug is
a great waste. In ail other things keep
never mind the looks. A foi may make
money, but it needs a wise man to spend
it. Remember it is easier to build two
chimneys than to keep ono goiug. If you
give all to back and board there is noth
ing left for the saving bank. Fare hard
and work hard while you are youn*r, uiid
you will have a chance to rest when you
are old.
The Heat
of thk
ing elsewhere, of reckoning milk"'by the 8ree8, But the temperature of the axilla,
pound instead of by the gallon, is not
or
wh?se
Blood.—How
many
of us know the real temperature of ur
own bodied? -All the thermometers are
marked wrongly they generally mark
"blood-heat" at ninety-eight degrees
Fahrenheit. Now, the real temperature
of the blood, in a healthy person, varies
surprisingly little from one hundred de-
which is the part of the body
heatis most frequently and con-
va»»'lon
wha,?vcr b.c
tbis temperature occurs,
cu».ic inches and the beer gallon of 282 rounding air. It is well known that we I clear light better than the horse. It is
mihi#. inohoo
to the cold. But the same vital power al
so keeps us cool when exposed to a de
gree of heat far higher than that of the
blood—as in the case of the experimen
ters who entered an oven heated above
Carts vs. Wagons.
Carts
lnatcd teai
a chip. You might as
Another great benefit from the use of
carts is that a continuous loading of hay
or grain can go on in the field, one cart
being loaded while another is being un
loaded thus keeping tbe field force al
ways occupied, with no increase in the
number of horses used. With a suitable
rack, twelve hundred pounds of loose hay
may be loaded on a cart.
The style of cart is a matter for consid
era'ion. By having the axle of iron, and
bent the body of the cart may be brought
sired the same arran.eem nt will permit
the use of larger wheels. Tbe cuter of
gravity of the load is thus brought, consid
erably below the line of draft, making tlie
draft easier, and the bolt nee of the load
niu more rra iily secured. The bedy of
the cart may be bu It up of narrow slats,
put six inches apart, which will lighten it
considerably. This may be used when
manure or any coarse loads are to be
moved. If ehrth, lime, or gravel is to be
loaded, light boards may be laid in loosely
to confine it.—Hearth and Home.
A Cheap Ice ilonso.
In reply to a query ns to what would
be the cheapest mode of constructing »n
ice house suitable for an ordinary sized
family, aud about how much ice it would
mily use. This luxury
manently. This ([would very likely to nied any, where the winters are cold bearings, we are led to
be the case if the weather be warm and I enough to form the ice, as a cheap house competent to this work
Ihe cow secrete a large quantity of milk. |mtybe
AVe have seen wires, straws and quills Ii he" family, if properly cousiruc.Ud. A I nisli's no scope for tlie exercise oi knowl
used in numerous instances, and in neatly few dollars expended atthe ou set for him edge or alti iiy. If this opinion were en
all hd results followed. In sonic cases the bor will make a house that will last for tenained only by those engaged in other
inflammation was so rapid as to make the
cow in a few days almost unmanageable,
and tho final result was a broken udder
and consequent loss of the co-v.—X. A.
WiUn/rd, in Moore's Rural New Yorker,
years and but little labor in winter—
when there ia comparative leisure—will
replenish the etoek of ice. Persons accus
tomed to an ample supply duriner the heat
of su^.uw.r would rather uy til'.-ill selves
retain an inwaid warmth while exposed cruel to deprive him of what he loves so
exposed
are rarely seen on American
farms, and tr.e neglect with which these
useiul Vehicles are treated is far from in
dicating a' true economy. Carts have
many advantages over wagoas in the ord
inary work of a farm. They are cheaper,
two good carts costing less than one
wagon and two horses working in carts
will do the work of three in wngons. The
load being so much nearer to the draft,
the horse draws it more easily while, be
ing undisturbed by the neighborhood of
another horse—the efforts of which are
sometimes a hindrance instead of a help to
It is almost impossible to get horses jc]iow more espeiially in a badly
shod without having the frogs cut away
^_hi9 undivided afention is
g-ven to his work, and the whole useful
effect of his exertions is secured. Carts
are more easily loaded than wagons. If
properly constructed, the body of the cart
is nearer the ground than that of a wagon
and in loading all heavy material, such as
mauure, stoiiC, earth, lime, etc., the exer
tion of the laborer is confined mainly to
the arms while had he to lift ths material
one foot higher, the action of the muscles
uireiuwlllKm
ed
They are more easily unloaded. The
duinpi( of a
cart load of any material
cause the weight of Lis body is thrown
into the nreecliing, adding to the pushing
power of his limbs while he will turn
load in a space equal to that which he
and the cart occupy on the ground. This
is a great advantage in the hay or harvest
field, and saves much traveling in turning
round.
of any other luxury than the invigorating
influence of this refre-hing commodity.
When ice cannot bo had, snow is some
times us:.d by being paeked, and water
poun on aud allowed to fre ze.
For a cheap houso we give ti follow
ing plan. Will. Kedge fays, ill tho Western
Rural of pteinber l'-iiii, 1808: I drew
one large io ,d ol stwdust and spread on
the groutio on the north tide of my horsc
birn then drew the ice (sawed in square
caite.-) and built up a square pile, some
eight by t':n fev t, aud seven or eight feet
high. 1 then set up scantling, and built a
board house around it, two feet longer
each way tiom the ice, then filled in saw
du-t around, iiinl two or three feet on top,
and covered with boards and Blabs. We
have used freely during the seaBon, sold to
picuic pa-.ties, given away to sick neigh
bors, and have plenty of ice yet."
lleie is a pi an for a more permanent
house: Make a frame ton feet square, of
studding two by ten inches, and eight feet
high. Hoard up on each side, and fill in
with siwduat. Shingle the roof, with
ventilator on top put three or ur inches
ol sawdust on tho ground, and twice as
much on top, wben the ice is put in. Bank
up around with dirt, which not only forms
a drain, but cuts off all chance of a draft
of air from below. If sawdust cannot be
had, chaff or fine stra.v will answer the
purpose.
Stable Yeutitation.
A reccnt look into some city stable has
turned our thoughts to the subject of the
above heading. How horses live over
night, even, in such numbers as are crowd
ed into some places, and closely confined
in so impure an atmosphere, is certainly a
mattt of wonder.
There was a time, we suppose, when
mankind veiy imperfectly understood the
nature of air, the manner in which it sup
ports life, and the causes which destroy its
vitality. But now that science has devel
oped the facts which ought to instruct us
in this matter, there is no ria&onable ex
cuse for a man to torture hia animals by
depriving tham of a sufficient amount oi
the breath of life.
Air is essential to the existence of every
living being, Breathing it over two or
three times exhausts that portion of it
called oxygen, and then the animal dieB.
A mouse inclosed in a jar so that no air
could get in or out, seemed to feel no in
convenience for a little time but as the
oxygen diminished, he was obliged to in
hale another property of the air, nitrogen,
I and he grew more and more oppressed,
and soon died of suffocation. The horse
wou'd die under similar circumstances.
cover objects on the bottom, and several fe square, callul the Black Hole of Cal
lost tools were discovered and puked up. cutta. There were only two very small
I am satisfied that, where waitr is suffici- windows in the room, and as both were
ently char, this latter plan could be suc
cessfully used for lost bodies and articles."
The ni'-st dreadful example on record of
the destructive consequences of a want of
atmospheric air, exists in the horrid fate
of 146 Englishmen woo, in 1756, were im
prisoned in a small room, only eighteen
on the same side, ventilation was impossi
ble. Soon after the door was closed the
men began to experience heat and intense
thir-t. In a short time m«uy became de
lirious, and at the end of six hours ninety
six were relieved by dea from thtir tor
ments. In the morning only twenty-three
were fouud aiive, and of these only a few
ultimately survived.
Some of the stables we have scon are
not Black Holes, but they are quite of
fensive ones, a though ventilated in some
measure. If the norse-stalls are below
I the ground—which is frequently the case
—there are openings over the feed-racks
which permit the air to rise upward, pass
ing the horse's nostrils or over his head,
on its way. Where the stalls are above
brick one
This is a very common arrangement,
both in city anrt country, aud is one of
the worst, we tnink, to which the horse
can be doomed. It is true that respira
ion may proceed and life exist for a time,
in places where the a is impure to a con
siderable degree, yet as pure air is essen
tial to the full enjoyment of health, every
degree of impurity must be having an ef
fect upon the animal, although it may not
be perceived immediately.
Ventilation, therefore, as a mrans of pre
venting disease, is not only important to
the comfort of ihe horse, but as a protec
tion to our property. We paint our build
ings to jTreserve the wood work. We
house our tuacbincs to prevent rust from
eating them away. We do both because
it is economical we save our property by
so doing. But we force our horses to
breathe vitiated air, by standing in stables
where our clothing Deco.uo saturated with
impure odor* in a very s'ort time.
Bddly ventilated stalls areusuaily rather
I dark stalls. No animal Joves the
^eat or cold of the sur dark stalls No aii mal joves the pure,
deprive
the boiling point of water. And this pure air cun reach him at all times.
power to retain an even temperature is
one of the strongest proofs of a sound con
stitution in the individual. Any range of
the axillary temDerature below ninety
seven degrees or above ninety nine and a
half, is always very suspicious. —Hearth
and Home.
occupied is a serious tax. A load of a ton beef and mutton and pora, the wool and
can be p«t on a cart, and one horse wdl flax and manufactures from the earth,
draw it with ease. The line dtaft is the air, the water, nearly all that wc eat
from bel upward, which enables the
1
well, and what never does him harm. His
all, therefore, f-hould not be so placed as
to bring his head aeain-t the side of the
stable but, if ssible, where he can have
a free and cheerful look-out," and where
It will be found greatly to the benefit of
the horse if his feed-box is next to the
barn fl or instead of ing against the
side of the building. He can be more con
veniently fed, his droppings will not be
offensive in the floor, and he cm always
have light and pure air when his sur
roundings are kept in a cleanly condition.
Then there is a great pleasure added, of
always looking an old and faithful servant
in the face when you approach him 1—
Massachusetts Ploughman.
Knowledge Required in Farming.
There are many who look upon farming
as rather a small business, who think that
its succcssf ut prosecution requires only a
1 ttle common-sense—just enough to
prompt the hardy worker to seek shelter
in a raiu storm, and a very little knowl
edge, just sufficient to unt a fljck of
sheep, or read a political newspaper. Tlie
opini was once more gen ral than now,
for ihe world is growing wiser, yet at the
present time it is entertained by many. It
i-i an old and true saying, tuat "lienor and
shame from condition rise," that honor
is only acquired by acting well our part in
whatever situation wc may be placed. A
man ot ability and knowledge, who de
votes all his earnings to his business, will
make it honorable and profitable, no mat
ter how insignificant that business may at
first seem.
.There is no business requiring such var
ied acquirements, so much knowledge, so
much* good judgment and commercial
ability combined, as is necessary for the
thoroughly accomplished farmer. He
stands first among the manufacturers of
the land, he makes the wheat and corn, the
and we^r and this is not only done by
horse to use the lifting pewer of his fore I farmers as a class, but almost every one
le^p. Hu will back it with equal ease, be- produces many, it not all o: these articles.
1
he manufacturer usually confines nis
a bora to the production of one article,
but the farmer is by necessity compelled
to make many. It he would make giain,
he must also make beef, or butter and
cheese, or mutton and wool. Hence the
necessity of extensive knowledge. It is
an easy matter for the manufacturer to as
certain how mucn wool will nu.ke a yard
of el 'th of a certain description, aud what
will be its cost but it is not so easy fori
the larrner to ascertain how much grass or
hay or grain will make a pound ot wool.
The manufacturer can test a now machine
and ascertain by a few si.t.pin triala
whether it will manufacture t:.u desired
article ch' aper or better thsii tue old one
bat to ascertain how a pouud of beef ran
be made the cheapest, what machine will
convert hay into rich cheese, in the cheap
est manner, is a matter requiring a good
deal more care and sh ill.
Among his varied acquirements, the
farmer should possess a knowledge of ani
mal physiology, so as to bo enabled to
lcci-p his stock in health and Imiuister
proper remedies in case of sickness. Veg
etable plijsiology, too, must not be over
looked. Every day during the growing
season the fanner perform* work for the
gio^vh of his cropn founded on the known
laws which govern vegetable life. Ento
mology is a science which the fanner is
c-impelled to study to some extent, and
often much more perhaps than he desires,
tut tho more he does so the better he is
fitted to w:ge a Bdtc.esful war against
thousands of destructive foes.
Iu addition to this, the fanner must be a
merchant, for he must sell as well as manu
facture. lie ira'st in sonic measure take
advaut.vgo of the rise and fall in prices,
select the best time for selling and tlio
all his toil nud
piovd-d to supply all demands of pity those v/no think that firm tug fur-
end to all improvement and all desire fer
improvement. A man must have a good
opinion of his calling, a proper apprecia
tion of its importance and the means and
information necessary for its successful
prosecution or lie cannot hope to succeed.
Oor. Ohio Farmer.
A fish store in Somerville, Ma^s., has a
sign on which is paiuted, "Leviticus, xi.,
9th and 10th verses." These verses are:
These shall ye ate of all that are in the
waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in
the waters, in the seas and in the rivers,
them shall ye eat. And all that have not
fins and scales in the seas and in the rivcis,
of all that move in the waters, and of any
living thing which Is in the waters, they
shall be an abomination unto you."
—Spirit Lake, heretofore supposed to
be the highest body of water in Iowa, has
been discovered to be on a lower level
than Swan Lake, which is six miles east
of the former.
The Idba
of a
There
The
Univeksal Medicine I«
last realized in
Rbason Wbtso Many Dijs
at
exclaim, who is
Heartily do we
pursuits, it would be of no serious conse
quence but we judge that, "many farmers
liavu them-elve imbibed such uufound,
ami uiijiint opinions in regard to their call
ing, bud where this) is the case there is an
at
Dk. Wai.kbu's Califoiiina
Vinegar Bitteks.
This concentrated essence
of the finest medieiual herbs and roots in the
Western hemisphere eradicates all diseases
which have not undermined the sources of vi
tality, and in Chronic Indigestion, Nervous
lleadache, Congestion of the Liver, Rheuma
tism, Gout, General Debility, and innumera
ble ulcerous and scabious disorders, it is a
specific absolute and infallible.
is no disease flesh is heir to more
troublesome to manage than rheumatism. It
comes when you least expect it, and generally
remains till it gets ready to go away. The
most conspicuous remedy for this complaint
is Johntoti Anodyne Liniment.
Two or three doses of Sheridan'* Cavalry
Condition Powders will cure a horse of any
common cough or cold, and the very worst
cases may be cured in a few weeks. We know
this from experience.
*1000
Reward is offered by the proprietor
Of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Diecovcry for
a medicine that will equal it in the cure of
Bronchitis, severe Coughs, and the early
stages of Consumption. 587
The Phrenological Journal for
October deserves special mention. A list of arti
cles, illustrated aud otherwise, composes its table
of contents. We would particularly mention the
following: William Claflin, Governor of Massa
chusetts The Tonthfulness of tho World, or the
signs of Its perpetuity Fo*ter Blodgett Men, as
Husbands Wltch-Ilaiel Grumblers: New Stud
ies In Physiognomy, or the Model of Respectabil
ity Human Food, Its preparation gtreet-sights
In China Agriculture and American Indifference
Bad Air Writing by Dashes Alice and Phoebe
Cary Some Hints on Pruning The Deeerted Vil
lage, with new illustrations Alexander Ste
phens' Head Girls' Education. Terms of the
Journal: $3 a year single numbers, 30 cents. On
trial three months for 50 cents. S. R.
New York.
Wells,
Arthur' Lady's Home Magazine.—
The October nnmber abounds in good reading for
the family circle, and contains the latest fashion
intelligence, with appropriate illustrations. The
publishers announce an attractive premium for
clubs for 1872, In the shape of a new and beautiful
chromo, made expressly for them, entitled Tbe
Churcii Mouse T. 8. Arthur& Sons. Philadel
phia Terms, $t a year throe copies, $5 four,ffi
eight, and one extra, $12 fifteen, and one extra
$80.
The Children's Hour.—The October
nnmber contains a large amount of useful and en
tertaining reading and several handsome pictures.
Thfl publishers will give the handsome chromo,
The Church House," as a premium for every
Club, large or small, of subscribers for 1872. T. S.
Arthcb A Sons,
Philadelphia, at (1 35 a year
flvo copies, tB 00 ten and one extra, $10.00.
Specimen number free on receipt of stamp for
postage.
An Unprotected System.
Do not fancy because you feel strong that you
are Impregnable to sickness. Whole neighbor
hoods are frequently prostrated at this season by
malarious fevers. Vigorous muscles and strong
sinews, broad shoulders and sound lungs, are no
defense against the mephitic vapors of autumn.
Frames which have withstood the summer heat
may succumb now. Many an athletic man,
whose family depends for its support on hie in
dustry, now lies prostrate, weak and helpless as
a babe, under the periodical assaults of chills and
fever, or bilious remittent fever. This could not
be if all were wise enough to provide against such
a contingency, by toning and fortifying tha sys
tem with Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. This ap
proved vegetablo tonic is absolutely harmless, so
that it Is sheer folly not to take it as a safeguard
at a season when diseases of the liver, the stomach
the hnwflla, Indeed nil tbn viirnrfll organs arc
generally prevalent. To keep the system in or
der and insure health, or to put it in order when
tbis precantion has been neglected, is the duty of
every human being who valaes life. For both
these purposes Uestetter's bitters is designed, and
it answers both. Petty local dealers are endeav
orlng, in many parts of the country, to substitute
preparations made of impure and dangerous
materials in its stead. Give them a wide birth,
Tbey are prepared by nnskllful experiraentorsi
who want to turn a penny at the expense of the
public health.
with
Consump­
tion, 1 because tbey neglect to use the proper
remedy in season. When the system is first at
tacked with a cough, oppression of the chest, or
se ted pains to breast, Allen's Lung KnU'11
will cause tbe phlegm to raise, heals the irritated
parts, and restore tbe system to health.
FINANCIAL.
Investment Securities.
Jat Cookb&
Co. are now selling, and rec­
ommend as a profitable and safe investment
for all classes, the First Mortgage 7-30 Gold
Bonds of the Northern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, bearing Seven and Three-tenths per
cent, gold interest (more than 8 per cent, cur
rency), and secured by first and only mort
gage on the entire road and equipments, and
on more than 23,000 Acres of Land to every I
mile of track, or 500 Acres of Land to each
$1,000 Bond. The highest current rrioos will
le pakl for U. fl. Fiv.-Twenties, and all other
marketable-Securities received in exchange.
Pamphlets, maps and full information wilt be
furnished, o« application, by Jat Cookb
Co., Philadelphia, New York and Washing
ton, and by most Banks and Bankers through
out the country.
ISflO TO 1871.
FOR THIRTY-OXE TEARS
PERRY DAVIS'
PAIN-KILLER
Has 1wv»n tested in every variety of cllninte, and by almost
wry tuition known to 'AttKTicatis. It is tin* almost con
stant companion and friend of the missionary
and the traveler, on hp\ and land, and no on*1 should
iravel on our LAKES OU KIVEK3 WITHOUT IT.
PAIN-KIILER was the first and is the Only
Permanent Pain-Reliever.
StncptliePAIN-ItlTjL'EIt'was first Introduced, nnd mot
with Rueti unsurpassed sale, many Liniment, Pnnac.'ii.aiul
31 lior iiMni'dies have been oflercd to tlio public, lint not
:nc of tii'in lias ever attained the truly kkviablk (tasd
tltc of tiik I'AIN-KILLEK.
WIIV IS THIS SO
It Is because DAVIS' PAIN-KILLER Is what It claims
to be—» reliever of pain.
Its Merits are Unsurpassed.
It you nrf auffaxtrt* from TVTKRK\Tj PAIV, or
thirty drops in a tUile water 11 almost instantly cute
you. There is nothing to equal it. In lew moments it
lures
Colic, Cramp*, Spnsms, Henrtbnrn, Dlnr*
i-litta Dysintei-y. Flux, Wiml in tlio
Bsn-cUi Sour Stoinneli. Dy»«
pepsin, J»ick (feadacitc.
In sections of the country where
iFEVEIR, AND AGUE
Trevall, tberr is no remedy lield In sreater esteem.
Kvi'tv lmtw!iPe|cr should keep it it hand, to apply ii "ii
a v.vrk '-I Iinv t\ will r.1
N. HARRIS CO., Cinciunati, 0.,
Propiietors for the "Western a-d Southern Stairs,
Sold by all Medicine Dealers.
For Sale by
nrnL»VT Ch\eacf.
(m:khnr Bvtton Milwaukee.
Kqye» Diios., St. Paul.
fjJQ.SO A X.INE
For an ADVF-RTISKMENT In
270 NEWSPAPERS.
This TJst romprvva
A Large Proportion of tho Best Western
Country Papers, Superior in Character,
Circulation and Influence to thoso
of any other list.
WHERE CUTS \RF. I'SKP, OXI.T THREE REQl'ITlEt
FOK TIIK WHOLE LIST.
For llstR, estimates and fill (her particulars, ail'lrcss
.A.. IN". KKLLOGG,
110 and ll!i Madison street, Chicnzo.
Zeli's Descriptive Hand Alias of the
its
Myaterlona Pictures siorr none on
receipt of one (tamp for noetARc.
Adams
6
co., nostra.
IIi'-M?.'- IS.—.Aperils trnnted to sell Dictoon'a
novel oiik fccimv. Rrlglits for sale.
V, ALT Ml DICKSOX, Albany, N. T.
CURLS of Prof. Leos* Maoio
stralsl.t.-Ht hiilr
,n"«?n,,y
,9?rl h®
ritiaM* or h«.w U.Injury). Into wnvjr
rcl in(lrl. (V"i1,1every case, or mon'jr
cenis. Aililre.s^
1
foht paid, or 3 for S)
K. lloi.isnooK, t'xbi-ldgc, Mass.
LCJE lur an
ALivuuxisemenT
In
830 Weekly Tscwspapers
rli rulntiii- In nit tlio'Northern Ptatm of tbe Union iw
nnit clu iippfct ini'iliuiM ol ii.-i kind in the world. i.tlni,%«
suit on application to
K. v» FOSTER, 41 Park How, S. Y.
AOIV IlKADVf
BAUMBACH'S
NEW COLLECTIONS OF
SACRED MUSIC.
A Inrgi* qnnrto volnm^ of 010 pnltnblc for qaar
tHtr «»r chorm choirs it* tiil.lt- of foment# eomprisc* con
tributions imm Dip mo*t eminent American composers
of church genu from the work* of the great nm»
terH, and the rhoiafit compositions of tho author. Tlie
whole' lorniH the mo*i complete and th Hirabic collection oi
fcrtcr«*U music extaui. Th«' work ia equal well adapted
lor ttwe in all Protestant denominations. Mr. Baumbach has
wvoiwl to the prostration ot this book the best years of
hl« lite he intends it to hi* last work of this clasa, and.
therefore, Iiuh snured n- pains to make It worthy of a pcr
iriMirnt nJacfl in all fitM-ejass choirs. Price, bouna in
cloth, $3.00 boards. -pit a mailed prepaid OA
ccipt oi price. Published by
L.YOW HEALY, Caioago.
LABEL WAREHOUSE.
In addition to our former stock of Ishels, wc have Just
bo slit tliu entire stock of D. Ituusom A: Co., and J. Sago
Jones, of liufl'alo. and now have the largest Label
Warehouse in the United States, showing 1,845 different
si\ les, and n^srogntinf ovor tour million labein, kept In
stock tor Hnir Oils, Pomades, Perfumery, Liquor*, Fruits,
Extract*, ctc.. Including the celebrated Leaf set of Drawer
Lab" s. DnmniMs Lulx-ls prinU-d, gummed and cut to or
der as hu tLufoi c. bend lor samples and prices.
MILLAR BROS.
Late Millar Perkins, Establish ed tn 1855.
S. E. Cor. Lake and Clark Sta., Chicago, 111.
OPIUM
HABIT
CURED
PROF. J). MEEKER'S
Infallible Cure for tho OpN
uin Habit.
Tho first and only reliable and pain
less rcmeay uu iho opium Hami ever
discovered. Cures without any lncon
venienc to or Interruption of busi
ness. Pamphlets sent free on appli
cation. Addn ss,
II. DKULIXER TO.,
1'. O. Drawer lOlO.
La Porte, Ind.
ALLS SAFE LOCK Co.
CHICAGO. ILL.
mm
PTtms
:i!v] rnred bv Tr. Sherman's Patent Appliance
1 iinvMmd. (Jlfiiie (i!)7 Hroadway, N. Y. Send 10c.
ir hunk Villi |ilioucrapl:ie likenesses cases before and
:if!er em-e. wl'.li Henry Ward lleoehcrT csise, lettereTui'l
jinrlralt. Beware of traveling impostors, who pretend to
have been bssistauts ci Dr. Sue
tut
an.
SELTZKR
The King of Mineral Spring* Is tbe •erman
Beltzer and
Tarrant's Effervescent Seltzer Aperient
Is tts duplicate. letters attesting its wonderful Tonic
Aperient and Anti-Bilious qualities swarm in from every
source Tlie quest on Ins been settled whether artificially
medicated waters mav not be equal to those which buret
sparkling front the earth itself. They can and thcSelteer
Aperient, when undoubtedly pure a- genuine, proves the
rnet. lie in lAtin. Accept none other. 8ULD
BY ALL DlitTGUIbTS.
STEAM ENGINES
FOR SALE.
ONE RUDDICK STEAM ENGINE,
iy. horse-iower. Price wltli Governor, $IW.
new uiul warmnted. Will be sold for Four Hundred
dollars, cash. Also. «ne
SECOND-HAND HOUIZONTAX ENGINE,
(Mane by E. .1. Good ft Co., Chlomro.) morse-power. In
excellent order and warranted. Pilot-, wlili Jujtaun
Governor, $400. Cost new, «665. Address Smn.ediatel.
jsPUHECWKfS'E
AGENTS WANTED FOR THE YEAR
OF BATTLES,
TIIE RED REBELLION IN PARIS,
Accurnte, reliable and complete, In Englishand(^rman.
40,000 sonies already sold. Price, $2.M. Address tjOOD
fii-Ki:i's Emiukk Book, Map ant
Cliica^o, Cincinnati, St. Louits New OrlcanB or \ork.
"WANTED—Agents everywhere, male imd female
W $T0 per week permanently. Address J. HENRY
SYMONDS, 4 Liberty oqnarc. Boston
RHEUMATISM!
WANTED-Evcrybodywriteisto
Meniphis,
vo
iM.u t..ry re­
lief, and savo hours of su(IVi-i"K.
eltle with hy te«tinz untried reme
rll Hi'sni-V"U rail for and {jot the grnulno PAIN
Kll.l.Kl!, as ninny worthies' nostrums are attempt! to be
miM 'rn tin' srertt reputation of this valuable medicine.
•or Directions accompanying each howie.
Price, 25 ct»., 30 ct*. and St per Rottlc.
WnrM.
Nine parts now ready. Will be complete In 2S |Mit ts nt
50 ceuis. The most correct and iK-autiUillv Atlas
in the country. Specimen tmnibcin by mail 'i' cts.
ZELL'S POPULAR ENCYCLOPEDIA
Complete In 59 parts at SO cts. Ppoclmrn numbers by
mail, 10 ccnts. Bold only bv (.uhserlptlnu.
Wntch
Y. i-:i.i,\Vnon ZK1.U
17 and 10 South 6th t-t., Philadelphia.
Frffl,
to atents. No lmmlms and no money
nqtilrM ln advance. S. (.u.i.ilanI', l'ttt«lmrgh, I'a.
A Flu® Assortment ol' DecnloonmJnn Pninv
-t\- Inarnwitb mil lnntnictlons for tirnainentin^ w-vxl.
plans, china paper. t:v„ will lie sent post-imid on receipt
ol 50 els. Afluiess iSojt 8i5sl V. I'osl Oulcc.
Tyi-IRN writing to advertiser*
plcnne any you mw tho advortigemert
In thin paper.
3SO-H. O.
6REAT MEDICAL N8C0VEBV
BULLIONS Bear Testimony to tbelr
Wonderful Cnrntive Effects.
DR. WALKER'S CALIFORNIA
They are not a -rile FANCY DRivI?
Msdo of Poor Rum, Whiskey, Proof
and Refuse Liquor* doctored, spiced end sweet,
coed to please the taste, called "Tonics," Appatl*.
ers," Restorers," Ac., that lead the tippler on to
drunkenness and mln, but area trao Mcdlclne, madu
from the Native Roots and Berbs of California, frcv
from all Alcoholic Stimnlanta. They are tho
GREAT BLOOD PURIFIER and A LIFB
GIVING PRINCIPLE, a perfect Renovator and
Invigorator of the System, carrying off all poisonous
matter and restoring the blood to a healthy condition.
No person can take these Bitters according to direc
tions and remain .ong unwell, provided their bones
are not destroyed by mineral poison or other means,
and tbe vital organs wasted beyond the point of rv*
pair.
They are a Gentle Putative as well aa a
Tonic, possessing also, the peculiar merit of acting
aa a powerful agent In relieving Congestion or inflam
mation of the Liver, and all the Visceral Organs.
FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS, whether la
yonng or old, married or single, at the dawn of wo
manhood or at the turn of life,
these Tonic Bitters have
no equal.
For Inflammatory and Chronic Rheuma*
tlsm and uout, Dymmia or Indigestion*
Bilious, Remittent andintermiucnt Fevers,
Diseases of the Blood, Liver, Kidneys, and
Bladder, these Bitters have been most sncccssfnL
Such Diseases are caused by Vitiated Blood,
which is generally prodcoed by derangement 9t tbt
Digestive Organs,
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTION. Head,
ache, Fain in tbe 6houlders, Couglis, Tightness of tha
Chest, Dizziness. Bour Eructations or the Stomach.
Bad taste In the Mout"
wrings of Dyspepsia.
They Invigorate the Stomach aim cumulate the tor.
Pld liver and bowels, which render them of uuequaiiVd
efficacy in cleansing the blood or all Impurities, and
imparting new life and vigor to the whole
system.
buncles. King-Worms,
Scald-Head, Sore Eyes, Ei'yslp
elas
Jtch, Scurft. Discoloratlons of the Skin, Humors
ana DiBeases of the 8kln, of whatever name or nature*
are Hterallv dog up and carried out of the system In
short time by the use of these Bitters. One bottle In
such cases will convince the most incredulous of their
curative effect
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever yon find !tf
Impurities bursting through the
skin In Pimples. Eranr
6pres.cleanse
0 OH
Af°«r
tr
6 1
A. N. KELLOGG,
110 and 112 Madison street, Chicago. DL
THEA-NECTAR
IS A 1TE8
BLACIf. TEA
with the tn Te Flavor. War
ranted to tstilt all t.tsfcJi. Fbr Mils
everywhere. And lur sale whok
sale only by the (Jrrat Atlun
tlc and Pacific. Tea Co-. S
ClHireii St.. New ork. P. O. Box
Send for Tliea-NectW
Cue ulur.
PARTNER WANTED,
To take the pi
nee of a senior partner about retiring from
business in alarjje, well-established and prosierotis Print
ing. I'ublUhinir and Book Manufuctuiintrjiousc in htcae»o.
*M«st hu a llrst-HaiM lmsines* man and lUrnlsb best ol
rca-rc'icca. Chicago,
that afflictnd with any kind
ol* rheumatism to DH. VH.hAi.Lri»
Grcens'onrp, Indiansi* inclosing stamp.
TWO MEN BURIED ALIVE
In bushiest want 1,000 live in..If and female. Great
htdU'vini'iiN! Address, with stamp for cii-eular,
J. 1'. PKAsK CO.,13ox SOfc, GreenvUle, Mich.
OTOl', AOV.\'TS."-Hon'l Work rnr Sfl.00 per
day, we wiuth. iv.»n u.-'n mAkyS
SURE, selling our 'Pi
.No cilteiitenn iM-, iu lnnuhii!
Week. AcMrr S
ftlONKOE, KENNEDY
pi
jwawn'Ki IMI
li lii aud honorable.
3U,000 sold in one
TlOtV TO ODTAIN TTTE N'EW
MEMPHIS THEATRE
Aiid other real e.-ta'C. .d'v-d ut Send for elr
le.iar nt oni-e, which will he forwarder! free, containing lull
lnforrautioii. A'Mi-om I'AssMOUK A- KUKKIN",
Memphis, Turin., or l'.tl Madison St.,Chlcapo, III.
'Ml'rtts, Teiin.. Kept. 4, IS1.
We, the undersigned citizens of Memphis, lake pleasure
In statins that we are personally acquainted with Messrs.
isniore UulBn, and with pleasure recommend them
as gentlemen ol probitv and capacity, In whose representa
tions our people can pface implicit confldcnce:
Jn'o. Johnson, Mayor of E. A. Cole, Clerk and M«s-
ter In Chanccry.
W. M. McLeon, State and
CVuntv Tax Collector.
P. P. Doyi.e, Clerk Second
W. M. It vsnoLPn, City At
ornev.
Fm.ix \V. Hobkrtsox,City
Tax Collector.
L. Ii. IticiiAiius, City Reg
ister.
I.Eo Titorsi'M.r.. tVcivta
rv Cliambe'r Commerce of
Cirenll Court.
A. WOODWARD, County
Trustee.
j. .1. MmriiY, President
Memphis.
I am acquainted with the reputation of the above-named
erntlcmen, Messrs. raKm.ve Kntlln, and consider them
»hovc reproach. J. Iti. iki.kv. Chairman County
Memphis Bank.
Court.
Tho above special Indorsement, added to that of our
business men and citizens generally, .with the press. Is TO.
wectfnlly suotnitted to ourpauxus. PA&SMOKK& UrFKIJt.
UPWARDS ASTHMA CURE
p.e'lrvcs mo-it violent parowsms In
S O'Oloolx.
[tff"
,.-,.1,1-1 I II -1 Mi'NN .c CO., PulilWhers
iTHsSdntflRSl .1 «»,:!TP»rk U.w,X. Y.,obtain
i/All «111 Patents every where. Twenty-live
W 1 vi-.ni' experience. Everything co'.v
fidenlml. fceivl lor 1
"a'ent Iiw'hand Guide to
1
u\elitors.
.V
its I'l' VC .I'l mid p:ii:it::Mrne.~*
iiiekiOs. i*is-1 n\wa-d.d at
..-aI !-1at- aiv aii.l Chi.•agnH-'lty
I I a Mm! in the I i.iioi Stan*. I'.s
p-,\ -i-vi cmvmm :i(t* mi' promptly at-
I 1*1 A si i:.Y:.l N..^ aa.d .'II Static SU,
Ai -i.i*v!i iv il.!!: MM-: VI.VEGAiJ.
EEDUCTIOX OF PRICES
7«*onJorm
to
REDUCTION OF DUTIES.
*-cw Suvlutc to Co)«tuncrs by actting up
Clubs.
f0r (.'if ^Cew Price 'Jst an£ a Clnb fonn will
j-e^ .i' Miy it cif.'a'.nli'.g 1 ,11 ilirwtions, maki'ig a lat-e
it iti.-c i» cotifiiiiiiTs mi remtuicraUvc u» cl'ul orKwtem.
TIIE (J HE
AT AMnU'WN TEA CO..
p. o. Box fi:".:.1 J1 j... Vcscv St.. Xcw York
Trv Mitiplffl of our neat S pace 91.00
FREE
tUunrtii.. vMai.lv—30
wars ct- r.liltMa.i.
1 hu* M.il l.ii .-niiii..» fill- to si'lv-ciihers.
/.scuts make !S5 a daj. ml lorptiiurdny (use*ttc,
LalioweU. Me.
ii! Mic'Mii'N'S, KE'VO'l.VFnV
..i i.,u, vviv, fs v.-i txiiul ni (Ik* I.-vest jiniva.
V- ».U- I i.»
UKL \r W| -Ti:\ OfN WOKKS, Pa.
Alii I I 1 tV'' (J' f\( )\Ull£Q.
cicyf~\ rbnn^-^ont- on -Kb arrn^s-
Aa'in'f- L". b. 1HAN0 V.
it when you find it obstructed
and slugclsh tathe veins cleanse it when it is foul, and
your feelings
will tell you when. eep the blood pur*
and the health of the system will follow.
PIN, TAPE, and other WORMS, lurking in tha
system of so many thousands, are effectually destroy,
ed and removed. For fall directions, read carefully
the circular around each bottle, printed in fouf lan
guages—English, German,
French and Spanish.
J. WALKER, Proprietor. B. B. llcDOKALD CO.,
Druggists and Gen. Agents, San Francisco, Cel., and
82 and 84 Commerce Street, New York.
prSOID BY ALL DRUGGISTS AND DEALER*
«a
ii§
A new edition of the Patent Laws, with official rnioa
for proceeding bofore the Patent office, ctc., including
Census for 1870, complete. It shows th* population
by
counties of all tho States and Territories a:.'! pov-.'.a
tion of cities of over 10,000 Inhabitants. Imp' r:
:*?it
every patentee who has rlphts to sell. It ciiitMr« I:
to cnlcufttc the value of territory, by th? |»o -i:Jn? on.
Price, bound, 2d ccnts, Nailed on receipt d!" price.
AdUrcad
a-
co.,
rubll&here fccii-NTir!': A*r.
S
ITHHID^E'
XX FLINT GLASS
LAMP
Stand Heat better than any other made.
Ask for Dithridge's, and take no other.
See that our name la on every box.
DITHRIDGE SON, Pittsburgh, Pa.
•*-«4*nd fay price I.Nt,
WAN
TED
A male or female in every community tostu
my Pile Mkdicenks. A person badly afflict
ea with the Pu.es preferred.
DK. IiOSE, Box 33, Chicago, m.
^MOST^ VALUABLE REAL ESTATE. PAPER
5
°^'„S10"
,*'V^-r,r~rCC
I
jJ.dofur Yeah Oent copy
WINS 8,00 CHICAGO ILL
TUB
RAILROAD GAZETTE.
A WXKLT JO or
Transportation, Engineering and Railroad Neva.
The attantkm of Railroad Men Is sailed to this Jsunnl
which is believed to be at this
tlms
THE MOST OOMPREHIRIIVC RAILROAD J00RRA1
IN THE WORLD!
Treating as
it does of an branches of the
Complicated business of Transportation, and especially
of the Operation of Railroads, Railroad Engineer*
Ing, the Construction of Locomotives and Cart.
The conducto-sof this Jonnial gtv*
Special Prominence to Railroad
News.
And there
will befonnd In its columns accounts of the
Organization of all Xew Compaoies, tlie Projection aud
Location of New Lines, the Progress of Kail road Con
struction, the Improvement of Old Lines, tbe Business ol
Different Boads, the Combinations and Business Arrange
ments of Companies, Annual Reports, Elections and A|
polntments of Directors and Office™, Declslomef Conru
Relating to Ballroads, and.
In short, whatever is
Interesting or TaUable to a Bailroad Bu,
De he President, Director. Stockholder, Superintendent,
Engineer, Master Mechanic, Accnt, Conductor, Locoino
tlve Engineer, or In any way connected with or interested
in railroads or railroad business.
Articles by Practical Railroad Xea
Form a distinguishing nature of the Journal. Leading
Engineering Works
audTaluable Improvements ta Railroad
Machinery are
Illustrated by Fine Engravings
In Its columns. Bigtoeers. Msster Mechanics and Man»
(heturen find thsss Ulostratsd descriptions of ths graatast
ysloa
PNpv altaittaa Is (Itmtothe
Belatlaa of Batlroadi te the
minute*..and
'eoti a spi'odv cure. Price f1? bv mall. Address S. C.
1.1'UAM, 10U South Kktith St., Philadelphia, Pa.
in a
CmubmMt
and
Bailroad legislation,
And also to the
JteMMne of Ctwpasfiii M«r
Eighli *nt DW+
Tills paper 1s prepared by a corps of Editors speeial
qualifications, and every pains
is taken to matoitlndlspcns
able to every Railroad XUn. It Is
altogether independent,
avoids all undue pufllng of men or corporations, Klvw
news fully and Impartially, alms especially to Rtvo practi
cal information which will directly aid its reader* In the
prosecution of their business. Business men And In the
RailroadGazcttsthe earliest information oi theopen.
Ing of new stations on railroads In course of construction,
and are thus euaMod to establish relations with such town!
ftora tholiiglisililg nf their existence.
ENGINEERING,
The leading engtnesrtne Journal of EniftUlda for
American subeeribers have usually paid *15 per year, will
be sent, tfl—~**K the
Bailboad Gacrti,
Staffs oopy. psraamaa
Ten copies, per annum.
Single copies
for W
Of Subsoriptlo*
W.OO
a.oa
Letters eon—ralng sabscrlpttons and advcrtlslag shouW
be nd«rwssd
A. K. BILLOOO,
114 Madlws Street, CMeage.
MP