KASHYILLE UfflOff A!NT) AMERICAN, EDKESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1871.
7Xv7t7
THE
CH'EAPCOBT3M!N
AdertiutKit' ail head-Kill bi tiargtd
TEN CKNT8 jr an Jr
FK XEXTAn Office,-"So. 10 High, street,
UtahJg troiin,, UttoDroi-gin'a
reaiuencj. ATP j
SONS, 40 'College street; OC18 eodlm
fruit-trees:
TKOIrKEBS-Otdertlert VlthTJortcli SI
i Haddox lor x-ruit xic, .urcrgrceuB, upipes,
Shade Xree,ami Shrubbery, Roses, Camillas,
etc., will receive prompt attention. "TKUETT'S
SONS MORGAN, Proprietors Rosebank Nur
series.1"' :iOoc251irr a
WANTS."?
TT7"AISTEn KvrvSodV rnmn and see the
VV largest and "best assorted stock of well-
made Furniture- ever offered In" thU-clty before-
wau at HiiAutuiiu isicuuis, a ana
North College street. cc22 U"
FOR SALE.
TKUIT TREES, FRU1X TJtEES. FRUIT
r WWW kS v
JL anat ornamental xreea ana auruoDcry m
abundance and ready for delivery at Itoscbank
Nursery. Orders promptly attended to.
TKUETT'S SONS 'MORGAN.
oc21 Ullnorl
UNION AND AMERICAN.
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
SENATE.
Tuesday, Oct. 24. Ibc,enai;e met at
10 A.m., Speaker yauglm in tlio chair.
INVITATION.
The Clerk .read a communication from
the Grand'Secretary of the' T. O. O. F.,' in
viting the members of the Senate to be pres-i
ent at Masonic JlalL this eveniug,. to hear a
public address from Hon. Nathan Porter, of
California; -The invitation was accepted.
"MEMORIAL.
Mr. Coulterpresenlcda memorial from the
citizens of Gibson county, asking for an
amendment of the common school laws, so
as to provide for tlie levying and collecting
of taxes by County Courts for the support
of common schools.
governor's message.
The i Governor's message was read by the
Clerk.-
TlicIIouse joint resolution ordering the
printing of the message was amended by
rilling the blank with "1,000 copies for the
Senate."
Mr. .Gibson moved a further amendment
that GOO copies be printed for incorporation
into the'Senate Journal. Carried.
JiEW HILLS.
The following bills were introduced and
passed a first reading:
By'Mr. Gibson To relieve from license
tax tile stables kept by hotel and tavern
keepers.
By Mr..Merritti To provide a system
of Chancery practice, and to facilitate the
trial of causes and repeal rules of practice in
the Chancery Court adopted. by the Chan
cellors. By Mr. Staley: To provide for the
chauging of county sites in certain cases.
By Mr. D uBose To amend the revenue
laws of the State and to provide for a. more
perfect and uniform assessment of real es
tate, and-the' more efficient collectionfof
taxes.
By 'Mr.Hidley To amend the act to or
ganize and regulate common schools.
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolutions were intro
duced
By Mr. DuBose: To remit taxes on a
frcedmen's burying ground in Memphis.
Lies. over.
By Mr. Gibson: To provide for the
printing of a sulficicnfrnumberof copies of
any public document required for the use of
the General Assembly, and also for publi
cation lit the Journals of the Assembly, at
one and the same time. Lies over.
By Mr. Coulter: To refer the sections
of the Governor's message to the various
standing committees. Adopted under a
suspensioiiyf the rules.
Tiouse RESOLUTIONS.
Respecting the unauthorized publication
of proceedings of the committee appointed
to investigate into the alleged frauds in the
Public Printings Adopted.
nouir. bills on second heading.
Supplementary to the act authorizing the
cittzens of Dixon county to vote for a
change in "the site of said county. Passed.
To establish the county of Bell. Passed.
HOUSE BILLS O.V FIItST HEADING.
To repeal an act for the protection of
sheriffs and constables. Passed.
To -"provide for filling vacancies in the
offices of State and County Judges.
Passed.
To amend the act to establish the county
of Houston Passed.
SENATE RILLS ON SECOND READING.
To lay off'homesteads and exemptions,
and assigning dower, etc. A bill in lieu
was reported, and adopted, and then passed;
To. amend the act respecting public roads.
Passed.
For the relief of the Carthage and Harts- i
ville Turnpike Company. Jtejecteu.
Adjourned till 10 a. m. to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Oct. 24. The House was
called to -order at 10 o'clock, Speaker Ricli
ardsou in the chair.
INVITATION.
A communication from Mr. Joseph L.
Weakley was read, inviting the members of
the House to hear the Hon. Xatlian Porter
deliver a lecture at Masonic Hall to-night,
on the subject of Odd Fellowship. The
invitation was accepted.
CAPITAL MOVING.
Mr. Tillman presented a communication
from ex-Gov. Foote, inclosing a letter from
Mr. L. U. Rcavis, of St. Louis, asking the
use of the hall of the nouse to deliver a
free lecture- on "The Nation and its Capi
tal." The communication was accom
panied by a resolution by 3Ir. Tillman,
tendering the use of the hall for the pur
pose named, at such time as would least
interfere with the business of the House.
The resolution was adopted.
A motion by Mr. Chester, to have the
-ote adopting"' the' resolution reconsidered
was lost.
NEW BILLS.
'By Mr. Allison, of Smith To allow an
additional Justice of the Peace in the
Seventeenth Civil District of Smith county.
By Mr. Lumpkin To amend and revise
the laws in regard to penal proceedings.
By Mr. Cross Giving County Surveyors
further authority by authorizing them to
administer oaths, etc
By"3Ir. McCall: To define the term
"non-residents."
By Mr. Buford: To allow Jailors fifty
cents a day for keeping prisoners, Instead
of sixty cents, as now received.
By Mr. Linn, of Factte: To authorize
the election of an additional Justice of the
Peace in Fayette county.
By Mr. Thomas: To provide for working
and keeping up public roads.
By Mr. Moore: To amend the act reor
ganizing commbn schools.
By Mr. Leach: Providing for the speedy
apprehension of persons iguilty .of. felony.
It authorizes the making of arrests without
(he customary warrant.
By Mr. Enloc: To compel solvent rail
roads to pay their semi-annual interest due
the State in cash.
.By Mr. Enloe To provide for the can
cellation of Ixmds, ami to repeal certain
provisions of the act for the payment of the'
State debt.
Ify Mr. Slinip To amend the road laws
of the brute.
By Mr. Cheatham To amend the act to
better secure the rights of the tobacco plant
ers and of the tobacco trade, and to prevent
irau.d in the inspection ana sate oi touacco,
eta
feEXATE HILL ON THIRD HEADING.
To"change the line between the counties
of Smith and DeKalb. Passed.
SENATE HILLS ON FIRST HEADING.
To allow'the 11th civil district of Over
ton comity an additional Justice of the
Peaces" 'I'assed.
To amend the act for the protection of
SJierius and Constables. Rejected,
HOUSE HILLS OXTiniSD READING.
To amend certain acts in relation to the
collection of turnpike tolls. Rejected.
To amend the act for the jcorganization
of common schools. It provides that each
County Court shall levy and collect a tax of
ten cents on every hundred dollars worth of
taxable property for .school purposes. The
committee on Common Schools recom
mended the rejection of the bill.
'After a good deal of discussion the bill
was preferred to the committee, with in
structions to report immediately .after the
meeUng'of the Stale Teachers' Association.
o ciock, wuen are-assembled.
4FortlieofectiftrtnfvAt?,";ir,r 51.wl.
ink
.4 ?e.re greater aecuracv:m tliestirvev
to cliange the practice of Cliancery
yuuiuj ju-iiic administration or insolvent
estates. Passed.
To change the lino between Scott and
rentress counties. Passed.
To chan'se section 120ff of the Code- Re
jected.
SENATE RESOLUTIONS.
Callins; on the Secretary of State and
Comptroller foflnfbrmationconcerning the
school fund.
Mr.McGhee offered an amendment that
the report' of (lioasf,Tfinnessee Univorsity
be referred to the Joint Conimitteeon Com
mon, Schools; whose duty it shall be, after
examination,. to. recommend such legislation
as may be necessary for the proper' appli
cation pf the fund donated to the State by
n 'u
ooDKress.
After discussion the resolution and
amendment were referred to the Commit
tee on Common Schools.
nOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION.
Inquirinsr of the Trustee of the Bank of
Tennessee as to the disposition of certain
school funds. Passed.
HOUSE BILLS ON SECOND READING.
Repealing the act lo apportion the liands
in Jefferson county to keep up the public
roads. Passed.
To repeal the act increasing the common
school.fund by imposing a tax on dogs. A
motion to lay the bill on the table was lost,
and the bill was referred to the Judiciary
Committee.-
Adjourned till 10 A. m. to-morrow.
AJf INCIDENT OF THE FIRE.
A party lias just arrived at La Crosse.
Wis., who .traveled for several days tlirouch
and along the burning district of Dakota
and Northwestern Minnesota. The de
scription they give of their own sufferings
anu tne scenes they witnessed are heart
rending. They state tliat they found at
different points 'the charred remains of
throe human bemcs. Hothui2 left but the
bodies, and those burned to a crisp. Noth
ing could be found that would in any way
identify the burned corpses. Tho mail
coach due in Yankton on Wednesday
evening had an exciting race with the ele
ment. It Svas -discovered tliat the fire was
coming and a race ensued. The driver
plied Ms whip and away the horses went on
a gallop. Nearer and nearer came the fire.
'lhe red glare tilled the sky; the forked
tongues shot out; the terrible hissings of the
demon were in the ears of the affrishted
passengers. The driver gathered his lines,
drew the leaders from the road, the horses
gathered, jumped, a rail fence was beneath
the wheels of the coach, the coach was on
a piece of plowed ground, and the fire went
uy .witn a roar liKe a cataract.
KILLED BY CAIIKLESSXIISS.
A few days since Mr. Andrew Leslie, of
this county, shipped two car loads of cattle
from this point to Baltimore. Mr. Leslie
and his son went with the shipment. On
Tuesday morning, just before day, the train
reached Gordonsville, on the Oranee and
Alexandria railroad, and from some cause,
tne engineer took nail lus tram ana placed
it on a side track, leaving the other half on
the main track. To the portion of train
left on the main track was attached the ca
boose in which were the passengers. Hear
ing' another train approaching, Mr. Leslie
and his son went to the rear of the car to
jump out,.but were commanded by the.con-
auctorto stay on "he would tell them
when to get off tliat they were most too
smart anyhow." Hardly a moment had
elapsed before the approaching train ran
into the caboose and ploughed its way
thromrh it. Mr. Leslie was instantly killed.
and lus son badly wounded. Col. 11. G.
Crockett, of Tazwcll county, Va., and Col.
J. W. M. Grayson, of Johnson county,
Tcnn., was also wounded. There was great
carelessness somewherewhich demands im
mediate and rigid investigation. Mr. Les
lie's remains reached this place Wednesday
morning and were taken home, near Arca
dia, for interment. He was one of our best
and most enterprising citizens, and his death
is deeply lamented by his friends and neigh
bors. Bristol (Tenn.y Courier, Oct. 20.
j WOXDEKS.
Lcwinbocck tells us of an insect seen with
a microscope, of which twenty-seven mil
lions woidd only equal a mile:
Insects of various kinds maybe seen in
the cavities of a grain of sand.
Mold is a forest of beautiful trees, with
branches, leaves and fruit.
Butterlles arc fully feathered.
Hairs are hollow lubes.
The surface of our bodies is covered with
scales like a fish; a single grain of sand
would cover one hundred and fifty of these
scales, and yet a scale covers five hundred
pores. Through these narrow openings
the sweat forces itself like water through a
sieve.
The mites make five hundred steps a sec
ond. .Each" drop of stagnant water contains a
world of animated beings, swimming with
as much liberty as whales in the sea.
Each leaf has a colony of insects grazing
on it, like cows in a meadow.
Moral. Have some care as to the air
you breathe, the food you eat, and the wa
ter you drink Home and Health.
AX ILLINOIS HERCULES.
Jolin Gilvin, of Decatur, was yesterday
helping to get a safe out of the ruins oil
South Water street, near the Union Depot.
The men had got the safe nearly up on the
sidewalk when it slipped back on them.
This man came along and asked what was
the matter with the safe, and one of them
said it had slipped off the rollers and liad
gone back on them. He said, "Get out of
my way," and seizing on it like Sampson,
lifted it up, walked to the wagon with it,
tpn or twelte feet, and threw it on the
wagon. He caught it on the bottom edges,
raised it up with the force levered against
his breast, and walked off with it. The
proprietor said it weighed 2,401 pounds.
The nun then offered to bet bet $500 that
he could lift and carry 3,000 pounds. He
is about five feet ten or eleven inches high,
weiglis, perliaps, 200 pounds, built like a
Hercules, and about 38 years old. He was
a boss bricklayer in Macon. Chicago Tri
bune, Oct. 20.
nUEEX VICTORIA.
Some very singular stories are told about
Queen Victoria, and it is hardly surprising
that the sober and rather stupid English
people should regard her as insane. She
has, it appears, a firm conviction that Prince
Albert is never away from herr and that she
can hold communion ith him. A chair is
placed for him opposite hers in the library
his favorite, bookai;p on the table, and-it is
an ordinary practice with her to address
him aloud as it he were really present. At
dinner a knife and fork are laid for him,
and the servants are directed to even go i
through the formality of helping him.
Every morning a pair of boots are cleaned
and set down before the do3r of the chamber
he occupied, and at breakfast she not un
frcquently waits a considerable time for his
imaginary coming. It is saifl tliat she de
rives a great ileal ot comlort ana consola
tion from this belief. Entertaining, as she
docs, these sentiments, it is no wonder that
Buckingliam Palace is closed, and that royal
fetes are only a memory and a tradition in
England.
STRAXGE HIItDS.
On last Friday night, about 10 o'clock, a
countless flock of birds began flying through
the air, chirping in a manner that indicated
tliat they were in distress. They seemed
to have been drawn to the town by the light,
in thcinpassagc, and attracted the attention
Ul U, IU(b 111.11 VJi. vu wii'".-
about promiscuously, and the whole air
I seemed to bo full of them. One of the
i little wanderers, attracted by the light, flew
against the house of Mr. Wm. Slain, and
I disabled itself so tliat it was captured. It
was brought to our office the next morning,
I and a number examined it, but no one re
I cognized it as being any species of bird of
I this region. -The theory is that they have
been driven, in thi3 direction by the great
I fires that have been raging in the West,
i The bird was about the size of our robin,
J of a dark lead color, witfra tinge of red at
tho extremities of the wings and tail. It
was a beautiful bird. We learn tliat several
of tliim were caught at Webster, four miles
south of this place. Grafton (IP. Va.)
Sentinel.
s-i.Commenting -upon the alleged illegality
of Paymaster iioage's sentence, tueiioston
Post.deduces ,tbe moral '.'that it is much
better to steal under an army commission
than in private hfe."
.Overovbelmcd by SmoUo and. Far
sued by Flames The Terrible Eire
"Fleaa pf the NorthWcsfc-Great Ills-
r tress.
,Mr. James Langworth, of St. Charles,
jSaanaw county". Mich., thus details lus ex
perience concerning the fire la tliat .district,
to the Detroit Free Press:
Mr. Langworth states tliat her Hvedrabout
four miles south of St. Charles, owning a
larm of ninety acres. He liad lour stacks
of hay near bis barns, six acres' of corn' in
the shock, a stack of wlieat, thirty bushels
of threshed wheat aud various farming im-'
plements, all 6f which were converted to
ashes Monday morning.
During the greater part of last week the
sinoKe in JLiangwortii's locauty was so uense
and stifling that he was at times unable to
discern any object twenty feet away Two
"weeks ago he sent his wife and two' chil
dren to mends in (Janaaa lor a snort visit,
and tliis fact probably saved their lives. The
husband was not apprehensive of danger to
his property until Sunday, when the flames
were within a muo ot lus place, witn the
wind rather driving them away from him.
Great clouds of smoke settled down on
everytlung, making it dangerous for even
one familiar with the localisy to
wander far from home, every ob
ject taking on a strange look to mislead
his steps, xjio tarmer naa a cow and
several head of young stock, and these were
suirenns so terribly lrom tlie smolce that he
turned them loose on Sunday afternoon to
care for themselves. They started off in
the direction of the village, but probably
perished in company with scores of other
domestic animals Langworth's well had
been without water for a week, and his only
resource was a small creek about forty rods
from the house. By digging a hole in the
bed of tlie stream about a barrel of water
would collect during the day, and this he
was using for drinking and cooking pur
poses. Just bclore dark, bunoay night, hang-
worth states that his yard was almost over
run with rabbits, woodcliucks, coons and
other small animals, while more than a
hundred squirrels were to be seen about the
house and barns. The animals moved
aboUt in a stupid way, blinded by the smoke
and would liardly move away when ap
proached. There was no sleep tor the fanner that
night. It was as much as he could do to
breathe, the smoke creeping in and filling
the house until his lamp could scarcely be
seen across the room. Soon after midnight
he ascertained tliat tho wind liad changed
and freshened, and in an hour more lie
could hear tlie hoarse roar of the fire and
the terrible crashings of the giant trees as
they toppled over. Between his place and
the fire was a swamp nearly lialf a mile
across, and he had great hopes that this
would act as a guard to prevent the further
spreading of the flames. In one sense it did.
The fire did not sweep across it, but ate
its way around it, the wind seeming to fan
the flames each way, and when tlie farm
er's clock marked the hour of six Monday
morning the smoke was so dense and the
roar of the tire so loud that he decided to
leaye. Having little money to care for, and
being poor in household goods, he decided
to make the attempt to save some of the
bedding. Taking some small articles, as
photograplis, a small picture or two, the
family bible and his faithful clock, Lang-
worth placed them on a feather tick, wrap
ped tliis up in a blanket, and was ready to
go. Stepping out doors to take an observa
tion, he found that he could not sec ten
feet in any direction, and the air was as
liot as the atmosphere of an engine room.
As he stood near his door, peenng this
way and tliat a great flame suddenly shot
up from his barn aud hay stacks. As he
returned for lus bundle, thousands of sparks
and scores of burning twigs and brandies
swept in at the open door, aud he leaped
out and ran for his.life. There is a wagon
road from Langworth's place to the village,
and he sought this means of escape. Be
hind him were the roaring flames, sweeping
everything before them, and traveling so
tast Hint he had to strain every nerve to
keep ahead. AVhere tlie fire met with an
open space or a small swamp, its progress
was cliecked for a moment, anithe farmer
could get clear of the flying sparks. But no
obstacle could long stop the progress of
the flames. What they could not bum
they would leap over until they caught
a riiass of grass or a heap of leaves, and in
a moment the fire was eating each way and
progressing forward nearly as fast as a man
could run. Almost stilled, his throat so
parched that he could sot swallow, and his
lungs feeling as if a knife was at work there,
Langworth stumbled forward, scarcely
hoping to make his escape. What he ex
pected soon occurred. The flames wlijch
had been sweeping down from another di
rection suddenly jumped across the road in
front of him, half a dozen trees flaming up
at once. Behind was the main fire, to tlie
right was a solid sheet of flames, and the
only avenue of escape was to plunge into
the woods, already taking fire, on the left
side.
It was now a race for life, with the
chances against escape. Turning to the
left the farmer hoped that by making a
sharp run for it lie might head oil'
the lire, turn its path and again reach the
road. He had almost accomplished this
object, when he encountered a "swale"'
of considerable extent, and found that he
must turn toward the main fire and en
deavpr to work around the "swale before
tlie flames woukU reach it. Sparks and
cinders were falling all around him. The
ground was covered with .dry leaves, the
wind sweeping through the trees in gusts,
and several times Langworth liad to leap
over the running llames., In one of his
leaps he tripped and fell, plunging headlong
into soft mud and water. This was a most
fortunate occurrence for him, as his cloth
ing liad already been scorched by the llames.
He ran forward at his greatest speed, hear
ing the fire roaring on all sides, and v. hen
he reached the end of the marsh the flames
were only a few rods away, the flames blis
tering his cheeks as he passed around the
swamp and struck the high ground.
In turning ancLtwisting, and bewildered
by the smoke, he had lost all knowledge of
the country, and now ran forward with but
the one idea of keeping in advance of tlie
fire. As the forest was here more open,
and the leaves had been well cleaned oil'
by the wind, he was not so closely pressed.
Almost every moment he ran across wild
animals, all fleeing for a place of safety,
and losing their fear of man in the
general desire to escape tho more relent
less foe pressing behind. At length Lang
worth passed beyond the roarof the flames,
and felt that he had escaped the fate
which for a time seemed certain. He knew
not which way he was traveling, and
cared not so long as ho could keep in
advance of the fire. Tlie smoke was so
tkick that he had to press forward like one
blindfolded. Falling into holes, stumbling
over logs, he pushed on, and was at length
clear of tho woods, lie lonnd the lire ev
erywhere. Stumps were blazing, logs
ciwulderiiig, trees and shrubs burning, ami
the short grass and dry turf were being eaten
up as if it was dry peat. He had to pick
his way between and around the lesser lires,
making detours where the fences were blaz
ing, auu at last arrived at the outskirts of
St. Charles, to find every man and woman
at the limits, to fight for the salvation of
their homes.
Every dollar possessed by Langworth,
except in real estate, was swept away by
tho flames. The clothing he had on was so
scortched that it could be picked to pieces
with the fingers, and he had at least a
score of blisters on his face and hands.
But his loss is small compared with that of
others. As he states, the flames liave
swept for miles, burning barns, fences,
liaystaeks, houses and sheds, reducing
many a fanner from wealth and plenty to
almost absolute beggary. The flames stop
at nothing. They tracl with the wind,
against it, and make a scene of desolation
in their route. Hundreds of cattle and
sheep have been smothered or roasted, and
the fury of tho flames lias almost blotted
some localities out of recognition. Lang
worth states that great distress already pre
vails among the unfortunate people, and
that the hand of charity must he liberaily
cxtended to prevent still greater suilering.
Lowery and his gang of North Carolina
outlaws still hold their owu in Robeson
county. The General in command of the
troops sent to effect the capture of the out
laws visited them alone by special invita
tion a few days since. He represents them
as men of intelligence, with a dctennina
tion not to be captured. Since his visit the
troops stationed in Robeson county liave
been withdrawn.
The bill for the abolition' of slavery, in
the Brazils lias passed the Senate by a large
majority.
aiiomcr oecunesanu nncsjtare zrovn rare 3tal
But ra.ttags croft are gay with holljuocks.
And in old garden-walks rmibreaM) an air
1. .....I jr.hn dalliAli. n!
vatrrantfieei
'.III liuMilm' r
waKiuj; a iuui regret
For dead July, whose children tho sweet peas
Arejipped by butterflies with wlnrs astir.
EvenfogJate chill, though in the gliwingnooif,-1 4
gtu v.i.s me sunny wall,
And mellowing apricots turn goldi-too eooni
For him who loves not to bo near tho fall
Or the yet deathless leaves. Jale jessamine
Sjieaks, with her lucid stirs, orshorfenine days
To spreading fuschlas clad in crimson bW,
Lurkincfbencath the twine
Of odorous clematis, whoso bowery maze
Or padding flotvers tha same sad story tells.
Now from uTe slfy fall suddc"h gleams of Hcht
Athwart the plain. Black poplars In thebrcezs
miten-the.wlflowshlnssfiwutof8
At every gust against dark rain clouds: thcto
Glooming beneath their crowns of massive snow.
And soaring onward with tho wind that rocks
Tho sprouted elms, ami-shadowing as they
pass J
Broad com-ficlds. ripening slow
In upland farms, where still tho undrawn
cocks.
S tand brownlamld the verdurous after'grass.
How scream tho curlews on the wild west coast.
And sea-birds sport in the sunned ocean blue
As the intense of heaven. The crested host
Of michty.bf Hows endlessly Durum
Each other, in their glorious lion-nlai
Surging against the cliffs with thunderous roar
Till the. black rocks secth In thick-crMmlnp
foam.
And bursts of ralnbowcd spray
Fly o'er tie craggy barriers far inshore.
Drenching the thrift in its storm buffeted
home.
2ow is the season when soft melancholy
Broods o'er the fields at solemn evenfall,
Tho golden-clouded sunset dying slowly
From tlie clear west, ere yet the starry pall
Of night is severed by the harvest moon:
Vhcn tho year's blood runs rich as luscious
wine
With honied ripeness: when the robin's song
Fills tlio grey afternoon
With warbled hope; the memories dlvino
Crowd to. the heart of days forgotten long.
AN ANGRY J3LEPIIANT.
He Knocks Over a Cage or Kangaroos
SeasoiisSomc Lumber KUlsaMuIe
Smashes n Wagon-Palis "Up a Big
Apple Tree Tries to Murder Some
"Yankees aud Gets a Trashing.
From the New Haven Kegister.
O'Brien's Menagerie exhibited inMeriden
yesterday, according to advertisement, at
the usual grounds on State street. Just
after the close of the afternoon performance,
the great elepliant Mogul took it into his
head to enact a tragedy not on the bills. So
walking majestically out of the inclosure,
he" went for his keeper in a fit of rage. The
keeper sought refuge under the cage con
takiing kangaroos, which Mosul disdain
fully turned over in a jiffy, and walked
tlirough the canvass out of doors.
Then he went on a tour of inspection,
and if not "seeking whom he might
devour," ho certainly seemed willing to ac
commodate any body or any thing that
might wish to set-to. Meeting a nil of
lumber in an adjoining yard, he quickly
spread the boards in good shape for season
ing. Then meeting in his path one of the
mule3 belonging to the company, ho ran his
tusks completely through its body, pinning
it to the ground. The next- obstruction in
his majesty's path was a wagon belonging
to Messrs. Grether Hall, which lie scorn
fully seized with his tnink, and, raising it,
smashed it to pieces; then he returned to
the dead mule, and again plunged his tusks
through it, aud breaking offoue of his tu?ks
close to the jaw, sauntering carelessly into
State street, with none to molest or to make
him afraid, the crowd following at a safe
distance belund, while before and about
him even' body seemed to be very busy in
getting out of his way. The keeper and
other attaches of the menagerie
soon rallied and by strategy
and good tactics he was
induced to enter a field belonging to Mr.
Camp, thence into an orchard, where he in
dulged in the pastime of tearing and smash
ing whole lengtlis of picket fence. Tiie
novel mode of subduing him, temporarily,
by shooting him in the face and trunk with I
buckshot, was adopted. Some fity heavy I
cliarges were fired at him; the stinging ef- i
feet acted well as a slight check upon his
munition, during xehirh l.u t-Pnr c,.!
biiv nnnmM h MinH
lessly approached and cliaincd him to an
apple tree about twelve inches in diameter,
which was no sooner discovered by the en
raged animal than he instantly, and without
apparent effort, but with greatest ease, tore
it up by the roots, and again created 1le
greatest consternation among tlie immense
crowd who liad now collected iu tlie imme
diate vicinity. All went, and stood not ou
the order of going, but some tall mnning
was done, and some laughable incidents oc
curred in tlwf stampede, leaving the ground
free to Mogul and his would-be captors. lie
was, by great daring and agility on the part
oi ins Keeper again secureu uy Chaining nis
hind feet to a very large tree here he wasj
left for the night, and a guard stationed
with rifles loaded with ball, to kill him
should he again break loose during the i
night. He was evidently much chagrined
at his confinement, and continued to
snort" and struggle to break the chain.
affordingmuch excitement throughout the
city during tlie entire night, but fortu
nately he was held until five o'clock this
moniing, when his keeper, with the assist
ance of the entire foice of the concern and
about ."jOO citizens, undertook the job of
punishing and subduing the monster.
Large ropes and chains were procured.
and after many attempts, in which
the same were broken quite easily,
no was
was finally, at the end of two hours. I
wn down and secured in that position
when simultaneously his beating began bv i
a dozen strong men with clubs: iroS bars.
spears and pitchforks, and continued until
the men were exhausted, and again re
newed from tune to time for about two
hours, at which time, after many wounds,
and jioiuiding enougli to seemingly kill him,
he as as obstinate as ever. Refusing to
surrender, ho was left to his own reflections
m this condition, and the beating abated for
a time. At the present time of writing
(twelve hours) he seems determined not to
succumb. A choice he has of doing so or
being killed, as in his dangerous mood he
will not be allowed to rise without evidence
of a cliange of heart. It is estimated tliat
the damage done in his tantrum will cost
over $700. Fortunate it is tliat no lives
were lost.
TRICKS OF JUGGLERS,
The sober Cliristian editors of the New
York OJiserrer are responsible for the fol
lowing: Wo think Hermann and Heller
are jugglers, but what can they do to com
pare with the Chinese tricksters A trav
eller at Kinsai was entertained by tho Vi
ceroy, tlie Amir Kustai, and this was one of
the amusements:
"That same night a. juggler apicared, who
was one of the great Klian's slaves, and the
Amu said to linn. 'Come and show us
some of your wonders Upon tliis he
took a wooden ball with seven holes in it,
through which long thongs were passed and,
laying hold of one of these, slung it into
the air. It went so high that we lost sight
of it altogether. (It was the hottest
season of the year, aud we were
outside in the middle of the Palace court.)
There now remained only a short end of a
thong in the conjurer's hand, and ho desired
one of the boys who assisted him to lay hold
of it and mount. He did so, climbing by the
thong, and we lost sight of him. The con
jurer then called to him three times, but
getting no answer, he snatched up a knife,
as if in a great rage, laid hold of the thong,
and disappeared in his turn. By-and-by he
tlircw down one of the boy's hands, then a
foot, then the other hand and the other foot,
then the trunk, and, last of all, the head
Lastly, he came down himself, puffing and
blowing, and, with his clothes all bloody,
kissed the ground before the Amir, and said
something to him iu Chinese. The Amir
gave some order in reply, and our friend
then took the lad's limbs, laid them togeth
er in their places, and gave a kick, when,
presto! there was the boy, who got up and
stood before us! All this astonished me
beyond measure."
A CHICAGO JEREMIADE.
Mr. W. D. Banker has brought from
Chicago to New York a curious memorial
of the great fire. Among the mins of the
Western News Company's, establishment
where an immense stock of periodicals and
books was reduced to ashes, there was
found a single leaf of a quarto Bible, char
red around the edges. It contained the
first chapter of the Lamentations of Jere
miah, which opens with the following words:
"How doth the city sit solitary tliat was full
of peoplel How is she lx;coine as a widow!
she that 'was great among the nations and
princess among the provinces, how is she
become tributary! She weepetli sore in the
night, and her fears are on her cheeks;
among all her lovers she liatli nono to com
fort her." And that was tho only fragment
of literature saved from the. News Compa
ny's great depot. Hew York Tribune.
Oyer thoXoaatains ofifit Hampshire
laa Bailees!"
ampshire asfollowsj-g J," Vm wW
The first thing to ttraf t' nnrc'ittMUridnT1",",She'ii mors tban fhlfltrt a
was the brilliancy and glorious beautyrf.L r-0 00 wy-fcUali she be.
fohagenffrsideand' mo&P1 teU mo wh,tVi-1-
wm siue were uecKeu with foliage ot every
hue. 'golden vpllnw. mlir flnmiti" ararlpt.
and all the tints of green, On some of the
hlghfcst eminences the evergreens formed a
uious growtn, witn here anu there a spng
of emerald, which set off tho other tints
more" brilliantly; 'The vast -forest lr?'brir
coursc became a boundless garden of beau
tiful flowers, for the highest trees. seemed no
more at our altitude than mere stalks or
bushes. The evergreen forests on Compton
mountain could be likened to a green, gras-1,
oj oiuiic, njiutj me tower, jinea oi uircues,,
maples, oaks, etc, furnished tho most beau
tiful border of yellow, scarlet and! brown.
It was a most 'enchanting' picture, and one
which we had with variations of place and
scene throughout our ride.
As we passed over tlie
town of Denmark, which lies between
Brownfield and Fryeburg'on the one side
and Bridgton on the other, we seemed to be
approaching Pleasant mountain, a consider
able elevation lying in the northern part of
uenmarK, nut m getting near the surtace
we happily found ourselves drifting toward
a large village, which we.learoe'd onjnquiry.
to be Brighton. Mr. King had thrown- out
his drag rope, and this was-soon following
us lazay along tho ground. Although we
had been traveling at the rate of forty miles
an hour or more in the upper air, there was
scarcely a perceptible breeze below, and
some young mcmwhoJabfe outand seized
our drag-rope, found no difficulty in liaul
ing us down to terra finna. Mr. King had
no occasion to use the anchor, even, and at
the suggestion of some of the citizens, he
permitted tne balloon ana its occupants to
be towed an eighth of a mile or so to the lit
tle green near the Brighton House.
A crowd of several hundred persons liad
by this time assembled and Mr. King and
his companions were greeted with three
tremendous cheers as they, were 6etjdown
In safety, near tlie Brighton' Tiouse." The'
cheers unfortunately frightened a horse left
standing unhitched near tho hotel, and as
the animal attempted to rush a top
buggy along the piazza of the house, a
general smash-up of both the vehicle and
the posts of the piazza was the result. This
was the only untoward,event'connected in
any way with the ascension."
TIIE FLORIDA ALLIGATORS.
From the Pilatka Herald.
A gentleman, stopping in our midst for
sometime, gives an account of one of the most
terrible scenes ever recorded in the annals
of this country. While steaming up the
placid waters of Ocldawalia river, he wit
nessed a conflict, which made his hair stand
on end, and never to be forgotten. After
rounding Sackets' Point, the stream widens
and deepens, and the waters, at this bend.
always looked troubled and black. Suddenly
the steamer encountered a sea of alligators,
floundering and splashing water in every
direction; their hello wings shook the founda
tions of the waters. The Captain says he
never heard, or witnessed such a scene
before, and never wishes to again.
Belore the speed of the little steamer
could be checked, they found themselves in
the midst of these terrible monsters. To go
back, or go ahead, was impossible. Tlie
passengers endeavored to drive them away
by shooting, and the liands on -board beat
them with handspikes, but they seemed
more determined to obstruct the passage of
the boat. The situation became every mo
ment more critical, and the crew and pas
sengers more and more exhausted, and de
struction of the boat seemed inevitable. Al
ready three colored liands liad been devour
ed by these terrible monsters, and several
others were wounded, beveral planks were
torn from the hull, and the steamer was, with
uuucuity, kept lrom sinking.
A huge ser-
pent appeared, makmg his way from the
hakes, the same, it is supposed,that was seen
at the "Devil's Elbow" last fall. The alli
gators soon disappeared, following tlie sear
devil, or whatever you may call him, and
such fighting never was seen. At a point
below, where the river suddenly narrows, it
soon became blackened with .'dead alliga"-
tors, anu the water was rca with biooa. it
is difficult to account for tho number and
sudden appearance of these animals, but
!the latest tlieory may cast some h'ght upon
the subject. It is believed by many that
there is a large subterranean passage of wa
J ter between the head-waters of Okehobee
Lake, and that these monsters liave found
their way here in great numbers, and, if not
soon exterminated,, will obstruct the navi
gation of Ocklawahal
WHAT'S IX A XA3IE?
Cliaries and Harry stood chat
ting in the corner of a ball room.
"So, Charley,"' said the latter, "your little
Ellen got safe to New York. I saw her
there last week, looking like a beauty."
"I dare say," returned Charles, ""for I
hear Osbome is so liappy in his new pos
session that he spares no expenses to set
her off to the best advantage."
"Tis true enougli, and I sometimes won
der how you made up your mind to part
with her."
uui 60lnS J mameu, you
ana young ladies don't tolerate any
rivals near the throne. In fact, I expect.to
nna 'appiness enough at home."
Ah very fine, but I should not wonder
if, before long, you were for getting your
beauty back again.'?
May be," said Charles, sliragging his
shoulders nous terrons."
And so the two separated while a lovely
girl who had approached behind unseen,
and had been an involuntary listener,
lias'tily retreated. The next morning pro
duced the following correspondence
No. 1. I take an early opportunity to re
quest tliat our engagement may be con.
sidered at an 'end from this time. Your
principles would destroy all chance of
happiness with you, even if the insulting
manner in which you have allowed yourself
to refer to our connection were not suffici
ent to produce the resolution I liave com
municated. Julia.
No. 2. I am entirely at a loss to compre
hend the meaning of your note and until
you can give me a clearer idea of what I
am accused, it is impossible for me to de
fend myself. I await your reply.
Charles.
No. 3. You ask my meaning. Ah!
Charles, you add hypocrisy to your faults.
If your conscience does not accuse you
perliaps it may bo enough to mention to
you tlie name of Osoome. Julia.
No. 4. 1 am more tlian ever puzzled. 1
never spoke to Mr. Osborne but once, and
tliat was when I sold him my yacht. Pray
let me know what you mean.
Ciiakles.
No. 5. Your yacht? and her name Etteni
Oil! dearest Charles! What a fool I have
been? Come to me directly, and I'll tell
you I can't write it. Your own.
Julia.
wholes le desertion from tiie
ARMY.
A conespondent of the New York Times,
writing from Fort Bridger, says,
"The Garrison at Fort Bridger is no ex
ception to the general nile of the prevc
lencc of desertion. Out of two hundred
and sixty men, who two months ago form
ed the two companies stationed there, one
hundred have since deserted. Veterans
and raw recruits go alike. The cause is, of
course, the reduction of the pay. The
'soldiers inveigh bitterly against this action
on tlie part of Congress, and say, tliat al
though not a violation of the letter of the
contract, it is of the spirit. Tlie amount
which, they can now save from their wages
is so small that Jew attempt to
save anytldng, and drunkenness is said
to be more prevalent than ever before. An
absurd rumor, is current among them to the
efl'ect that Congress has determined to re
duce tho anny greatly, and, not daring to
do so openly, lias decided upon this plan of
making the pay so low that the men will
be almost forced to desert. I liave heard
this idea repeatedly, and it is this plea that
the best men allege as an excuse for their
intended flight, for they speak to a civilian
of their intentions of this sort with re
freshing frankness. The evil is a serious
one. Probably there are.few companies as
badly offnovfaSTi certaitfoiie which is said
to have the names of two hundred desert
ers on its roll, but from what we have, seen
and heard, it seems as if even this record
mightj ie soon .eclipsed! ,by othericornr
mands."
Another comic Sve'eklj; (sd called,) entl
tie&rlilack and ll7iit.lm;'givebiup 'the
ghost in London, ".i,, 7 -j,-
TELL ME.
AlUyofthe May,
J&t.te'!!.Hnn kIng sun,
A littlecoolngdove," 1
I Who feels VQUrhrwuit Knr n-.fe.ii
5 ofe (wd Jove y
Timid she and'tendi? she.
But whisper low
She Is more than thU to me,.
So no dove my love shall be,
Oh, tell .me, what's my love like
Perhaps a pearl of g'irls, -For
whose sweet face king would place
His crown upon hef,'cnrls'
Yes: and no.'
Worthy a king is she,'
But whisper low
She is more, and is for me,
So no queen my dear shall be.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Tho Effect or Martini Law Another
Exodns Threatened.
Scott's fuss on liis picket line promises
Georgia much good. We liad the pleasure
of meeting, yesterday, several substantial
.citizens from certain counties in South
Carolina now under martial law, who
visit our State in quest of lands. A
venerable old gentleman, whom we have
known for years, whose portly carriage,
saying nothing of the infirmities of grey
old age, consort but illy with our precon
ceived idea of active, virile, ghost-like Ku
Klux, tells us something of tlie proceedures
under martial law. Tlicre are about
seven hundred United States troops at
Yorkville, the headquarters of the Grant
Club of South Carolina, and two huu
dred more are expected, bout two hun
dred arrests liave been xnadel." The arrests
are always at'mianiglir. The suspected Or
charged party is arrested and taken to
headquarters; and there ah -investigation
commences. Throughout the' country, it
is understood, 'among the- eoldred popula
tion that witnesses are to receive two dollars
apiece per day. Wituessess are abundant,
therefore, at tliat price. It is understood.
also, that two hundred thousand dollars of
ii. tt. r i i
wo umieu out tcs secret service lunu la in
the State of.South Carolina, at the dis
posal of swift-working detectives. The
whole proceeding was inaugurated under
tlie special supervision .of Attorney Gen
eral Akerman, who was personally present,
giving directions to the United States
Marshal. The tone of the people is repre
sented as despairing of any return of good
order. The new proceeding is considered
as giving renewed license to lawlessness,
and without provocation. There liave
been over fifty dwellings and gin houses
burned in York and Spartanburg counties,
and tlie better class of citizens believe tliat
this work of destruction will be resumed;
hence such as have means are seeking new
homes in other States, with the view to ulti
mate removal. The exodus promises,
therefore, to be large.
Tliis a lamentable picture; and while we
deplore the condition of this good people a
condition which forces grey-liairedoldiuen,
to whom there remains but a brief period
of the time allotted for their mortal exis
tence, to seek new homes iu their old age
in a region where life and property are se
cure; and wliile we wonder at the criminal,
blundering stupidity in the administration,
which promises to aiiihilate,fora long period,
wliatever prospect for prosperity tliere re
mained .to South Carolina, it is gratifying
to note that these exiles are looking to
Georgia for their residence, as promising
security, good order and peace. Augusta
Chronicle and Sentinel, Oct. 22.
"Ann these rooms to let?' said a polite
gentleman to a handsome young lady.
"Yes, sir." "And are you to let with them?"'
"No, sir I am to be let alone
An Anchor to AVindnard..
It is good seamanship, when there is reason to
espect heavy weather, to drop an anchor to wind
ward. We are in tho midst of the season of chills and
fever. The sure preventive of this distressing
malady is Hosteller's Stomach Bitters. A course
of that wholeome vegetable tonic will render au
attack impossible. Take the hint and drop an
andior to windward.
Weak stomach? arc most liable to bo disordered
late In the autumn, when the changes of temper
ature arc marked and frequent. Hosteller's Bit
ters fortifies the stomach against tho effects of
these variations. Let dyspeptics make a note of
the fact, and drop an anchor to windward.
The liver is more sensitive when the weather Is
continually alternating between tlie warmth of
summer and. the cold of winter than at any other
period of tho year. This is peculiarly tlie season
of such alterations. Let the bilious remember
that Hosteler's Stomach Bitters is essentially
an anti-bilious medicine, and drop an anchor to
windward.
The wisest plan is to forestall evil.
Tlin nevt I
best thing is to arrest it. For disorders of the
stomach, irregularities of the bowels, and all pe
riodical fevers, tako, as soon as the complaint
developes Itself, Hos tetter's Stomach Bitters.
oc25eodlw&wlt
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
W"' E AREAUTllORIZED TO ANNOUNCE
Col. Albert G. CoopeI!, of Lewis county, I
as a candidate for Senator in tlie 17th Senatorial
District, composed of the counties or Maury,
Lewis, Hickman and Dickson, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by tho death or Hon. Thomas II.
Peebles. Election, Saturday, Nov. 4. oclStr
For Hie Semite.
We arc authorized to announce J. T. L.
COCHRAN, Esq., or Columbia, as a. candidate
for Senator from the Seventeenth (lTth) Sena
torial District, composed or the CounUes of
Maury, Lewis, Hickman and Dickson, to fill tho
vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon. Thonias
II. Peebles. Election Saturday, Nov. 4, 1811.
oc22td
PIANOS, MUSIC, ETC.
Sixty-Five First Trize Medals Awarded
The Great
SOUTIIEItJi
MAST
3LVXUFACT0RV.
WM. JOCOSE CO,
Manufacturers or
GUAM) SQUARE AM) IT-KIGHT
MJlBFO eobtes,
Baltimore, TZd.
These Instruments have been before the public
for nearly Thirty Years, and upon then: excellence
alone attained an unpurchattd prccnwiencc,
which pronounces them nncqualcd in
TONE,
TOUCH,
WORKMANSHIP
And DURABILITY.
gyAll our Square Pianos have our new Improved
OvERSTEtrso Scals and the Agraffe Treble,
fcy We would call special attention to ourlato
Patented Improvements in GRA3D PIANOS and
SQUARE GKA.NDS, found in no other Plano,which
bring the Piano nearer Perfection than has yet
been attained.
Every Plino Fully Warranted For Five Tears.
0"We are by sjiecial arrangement enabled to
furnish PARLOR OIU.'A.NS and JUXODLONS of
the most celebrated makers. Wholesale and Rc-
t.iit nt rjHnrtt Vnrtnra Prieet.
Illustrated Catalogues and Price Lists prompt-I
ly furnished on application to
WJI. KNAHK A. CO.,
Baltimore, Md.
Or to J- A. M'CLURE,
oct 11 deod&wCm Sole Agent, Nashville.
"TfflPLE m MUSIC."
THE UNDERSKJNED RESPECTFULLY1
aunouces to his friends and tho public that
he is receiving daily his mammotli stock of Pianos
for the fall trade, embracing
Stelnvray, Unabe Co., Dnnlinui i
Sons, and Unities Bros.,
conceded by tho Musical Profession to' be the
best niakers,all or v hich are offered at the lowest
New York prices.
Solo Acency for the "Unrdett" and
Prince Co.mlnrIor and
Ctanrcb Organs,
the acknowledged favorites of all who are ac
quainted with them.
Sheet Music, Music Book8,.anc Small Musical
Goods In fH stock.
Pianos and Organs, (new and second nand) fct
rent at low rates.. 'Rent applied la payment of
purchase.
Schools, teachers and the trade furnished at
wholesale prices, same as'Northerri cities.
Every instrnmeut'fuHy'warranted.' Call hi 36
'CnioH Street 'and be convinced.
sepl deod&w3nv 3AM. A. McC'Ll H I".
3P
TJiEi Ly GOOB. SACCE.'V
,lt'impr6vesi'Uie-appeUtoand digeVti tad It
i3unrlva!ed for Its: flavor
"Te aro'Ulrectcdiy-Jies.srj.Leat Sr Perrtns to
prosecute an parties making or rending counter
feits.' JOIVS DUNCAN'S S 0X3,
angli codGm splthp 'Agenty Hew- York.
ON MARRIAGE.
Happy Keller tar TeaBfrJSen from the
effects of .Errors and.Aboses in early life. Man
hood restored.' Nervous debility cured. Impedi
ments to marriage removed. New method ot
treatment. New and remarkable remedies. Books
and circulars sent free in sealed envelopes. uVd
dre. HOWARD ASSOCIATION, No. 2 South
Ninth street, Philadelphia, Pa. ocI3 tilt dec3, sp
"IT SAVED MY LIFE.'
Words of a RcliablepDruggist.
WHAT IS THE VALUE OF MONKY" WHEN
COMPARED TO HEALTH.
ALLEN'S LUNG- BALSAM
Is warranted to break up the most troublesome
Cough in an incredibly short time. There Is no
remedy that can show more" evidence of real
merit than this BALSAM or curing; Consump
tion, Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Croup, etc.
IT ACTS ON THE KIDNEYS,
IT ACTS ON THE LIVER,
By Which makes it more than a Cough Remedy.
87" Read the fiijowing from a reliable Drug
gist or Michigan:
MAmxs CiTT, Micro, July 27, 1870. J. N.
Harris Co Dear Sirs The Allen's Lung Bal
sam has arrived. I would not like to be without
it, for it has saved my life. I took a bad cold and
cough, and finally Consumption was seated upon
me. I was In. a., very bad state. I triejl every
thing that was recommended, and spent apreat
deal of money, and got no help. 1 had the Al
len's Lung Balsam for sale, but I knew nothing
oC its merits. I did not like to take it, without
knowing more about it. I had not sold a "bottle.
When your agent called on me I told him I could
riot sell a medicine X knew nothing about, lie
urged mo to try it myself. T did so, and to my
grateful surprise the first bottle stopped my
cough, and before the third bottle was taken my
lungs were healed and wall, and I can now peak
knowingly to my friends and customers of the
qualities of Allen's Lung Balsam. I remain re
spectfully, Lv O. COTTKEL.
It is harmless to the most delicate child,
contains no Opium in anv form.
It Is sold by Medicine Dealers geuerally.
For sale br
It
BERRV. DEMOVILLE CO., Nashville.
EWIN, PKNDLETON CO., Nashville.
LITTEREli CABLER, Nashville.
oc? dtlllmh23,'t2&wlamsp
CONSUMPTION.
ITS CURE AND ITS PREVENTIVE.
By J. II. BCHEICK, 1L D.
3Tflny& human being has pa3-dcnay for whose
dtatb therewasRo.oherret.- i tt.a:. the nefflect of
known and Indisprtnbly provpa means of cure
Tn near and drm te family anil frieu'U are
rietplnir the -drwrnlesj slumber Into which, had
they calmly adopted
UK. JOPEINf If. SVUKSVK.S MUI'LE
TKHA.TJ2J1XT.
srd availed themselves of his wondermlly efilca
eioiis medicines, they wonld not have fallen.
Dr. Scbenric lax- I'l his own case proved that
wherever soasrient vitality remains, that vitality,
by bis medicines and hi dircrtlons for their nse. Is
qnlckmed into health nil vigor.
In this stalemcDt there is nothing presumptuous.
To the faith of the invalid Is mule no representation
that is not a thousand times tchstantlaud by living
and visible works. Th J theory of the cure by Dr.
Schenck's miicinei lr. as simple as It ts unfailing.
its pnnoRopny requires noargcmeni. it is snifas
snrlng. seIf-covlncinj;.
Tbe &ea-weed Tonic and Mandraltp rills ar
first two weapons with which the dtad-1 of the
malady Is avrJlpiU TivWhlrti cf the taues of coil-
sunipdonoriRtnate Indraft' 'a Slid a functionally
Qisoruervfi nver. wiininMeonaiixm tneoroncniai
Uilies sympathize" wiUi the; slnmach, They, re- 1
spend to the morMJIractlon or the fiver. Here thn
comes the culminating result, and tho setting in. i
with all its dlstrefctlne symptoms of
The Mandrake Plus are coiupuwd or one of N
tnre's noblest (rifts the PudopLiltuni Pcltatuu.
They pwovf all the blood-nearchlng, alterative
properties of calomel, hut. nnlike calomel, they
-LKA.VK NO STIXH ltKIIIJfD."
The work orcure Is now heRlnnlng. The vitiated
and mucous depmits in the bowel snd tn the ali
mentary canal are ejected. The liver. Hk" a clock,
ts woond up. It arouses from IN torpidity. Tb
stomach acts resprmsively, and the paUent begins
to feel that be Is cttUiur. et last,
a supply or (ioon blood.
TLe rjea-weed Tonic, hi conjunct ion wilh tlie Pills,
permeates and assimilates with the food. Chyilll-
taiioa L- now
lures,
seen to
exacerbation of the stomach. A n appetite seu in.
Now comes the greatest Blood Purifier ever yet
given ny an inuuigcnL. i-vuier..to suuerinc man.
hcbenck'3 Pulmonic byrup comes in to perform 'ts I
functions and to hasten and complete the cure. It
enters at core upon Its work. atnre can not be I
cheated. It collects and ripens tbe Impaired and
diseased portiens of the lungs. In tho Ibrm of
e&theririca, it prepares them for expectoration, and i
lo la a very snort time tne malady is vanqulsneu,
tbe rotten throne that it oeccpled is renovated and
mode new, and the
In all the dignity of re
gained vigor, steps forth to enjoy the manhood of
womannoou tnat was
OIVKX VP AS LOST. I
The second thinic is. the patients must stay In a
warm room until they get well It fcl almost tmpos
slble to prevent taking cold when tbe lungs are dis-
ea-ied, but It must be prevented or a cure can not be
iiievini. rresiroiranu nuintjcnt, especially in tnis f
section of the country, in the fall and winter sea
son, are all wrona. Physicians who recommend
that conrse lose their patient?. If their lunir-f are I
uauiy uuKasea; ana yet. Decause tneyarein im
house they must not sit down quiet they mut walk
about tbe room as much and as fait as tb 'length
will bear, to get up a good circulation GlHwd. The
patients must keep in good spirits be determined
to get well. This has a great deal to do with tbe
appetite, and Is the great point to gain.
To despair of cure after such evidence of Its pos
sibility in the worst cases, and moral certainty In
all others, is sinfuL Dr. bchenck's personal state
ment to the Faculty of his own cure was tn these
modest words:
Many years aco I was in the last stares of con
sumption; confined to my bed, and at onetime my
pnysusans inougnttnat J coma not nveaweeK: then,
II le a drowning man catching at straws, I heard of
a'ld obtained the preparations which I nnw ntfr tn
tl c public, and they made n perfect cure of me. It I
stemtd to me that I could Aei them penetrate my I
kings.and I wouldnplt up more thanaplntof ofTen-
s ve yellow matter every morning for a long time.
.vi soon as i.mi oegan to suDsioe, my cougn.
I soon calned my strength, and ha ve grow n In flesh
ever since.
I was wrl-rheil short ly after my rpcovery." added i
tbe Doctor.Mthenlooklnirl!keamerpskelet-inrrti7 I
j weight was only nicety-seven pounds; my present
I weight is two hundred and twenty-five (2S) pounds,
and for years I have enjoyed uninterrupted health."
Dr. Schencfc has dBc-ontinucd his professional
I vfeiU toXew York and Uosthn. Tip or his son. nr
J. ILSohenck, Jr.. still continuA'to see patients at
tncir uince. o. is j, ortn sixtn street, in iiadeiphia,
every Saturday from 9 A.U. to 3 l.v. Those who
wish a thorough examination with the Kespiro
metor will be charged The Kespirometerdeciaroi
the exact condition of the lungs, and patients can
reoauy learn wnetner tney are curaoie or not.
The directions for taking the medicines are adapt
ed to tho Intelligence even of a child. Follow thee
dire-lions, and kind Nnturcwlll do the rtst, except
ing that In some cues the Mandrake PlILs are to Do
taen In Increased doses; the three medicines need
no other accompaniments than tbe ample instruc-
tinn t h q I t-mmn-nrlh-ni. IW front nnna,l,A
I Of returning health, hunger Is the most welcome
symptom. neu it comes, as it will come, let ma
despairing at once be of good cheer. Good blood at
once follows, the cough loosens, the night-sweat Is
abated. In a short time both of these morbid syinn
tomsnre gone forever.
Dr. schenck's medlcicM "aro constantly kept it,
tens of thousands or fatnilies; As a laxative Or P'ir
gative. tlie Mandrake nils ore a standard prepara
tion: while tbe Pulmonic Syrup, ua a cureof coughs
and roldt. may be retarded as aprophylacteri
against consumption in any of its forms
Price of the Pulmonic Syrup and Kea-weed Tonic
ll-50a bnttle.orSTJiia hairdo:en. Mandrake llILs
"iwntxaho--. Flirsalehv alldrn--lsNanil iWIer-
1VM. II. XEICKIIARDT,
Xaslivtllc, Tenri.7 Wholesale Agent,
inarsieodly.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Nashville and Edgefield
STREET RAILROAD.
a VIE STOCKHOLDERS OF THIS COM
pany are hereby notified that a call of fifty
per cent or the capital stock is made, payable on
Wednesday, the 1st November next, and aTur
ther call or fifty per cent, payable on Wednes
day, the 15th November, at the office of the
Treasurer of the Company, No. 40 North College
street.
By order of the Board of Directors.
oc223t A. V. S. LINDSLEY, T
Treasurer.
Regular Trade Sale.
YEATMAN, SHIELDS CO. WILL SELL
Tuesday mornings OcU24, commencing at
9 o'clock, an unusually largo and attractive
line of fresh and-seasonable Stnple and Fancy
Dry Goods, in great variety, with a general as
sortment of Trimming Goods, Notions, etc., etc.
Also one fine Gold I"ver Watch, on account or
all ndmlni.-trator.
we respeeuuuy solicit tno
attendance or dealers. ociilit
Partnership Notice.
WE HAVE THIS DAY ASSOCIATED
ourselves together to do a Gentral Com
mission Business, and act as Agsnts for tho Vir
ginia Manufacturers or Chewing and Smoking
Tobaccos. W. B. R. L. ARM LSTEAD,
Nos. K and 19 Market street.
NAsnviLl.E, Oct. 21, 1L oc22tf.
F0r gale,
T
IIR
BEST AND SAFHST HARNESS
Horse In the State for family use, at
COMB LIVCKY 3TA1IUB,..
oc2itr
No. 120 North Cherry street.
Drugs, Medicines, et.,
FOH SALS.
A
VALUABLE STOCK OF DRUGS, MED I
cines, Fixtures and other property in Store
house of Pulllam, Morton Co., No. 17 Public
Square, Nashville. The above proiierty and ef
fectavwlll be sold privately- and in lotn, orf a -a
whole, and bids therefor, will be received, awl
anv Information desired by intending purchasers
will be given by Mr. Robert Caruthers, who Is
now in charge thereof. i
NATHANIEL BAXTER, Jc,
oc21 tr Clerk and Master aud Receiver.
MEDICAL.
OnrXlTcr theMewnelMwper Qi Ml Ifc.,
DR. THORTOITS
I
Liter-, meed Jfurittrmtta
Female Xeswlitter
ASA REMEDY FOB ALLJHEtY SmSSA
fl manifestations of disease resulting turn
Liver Complaint, and as a Blood PurUfer and
Oorrector.of .Constipation, of tho TllMwfa Oil. n
E reparation is pcsiUydr.uwualed.'TjfeJt VS
Ivcr and Stomach are speedily ehaxaed" ton
active, healthy state, the iirjrtifn H m iiliim
restored, the blood arid"srcretSdrjs ttewesaw
purified and enriched, the whole system renbn
ed and. bnUt up anew, its action bt mild Tat;Wi-
tire and lasting. Tor remales, those 'sabjeefto
painful periods, suppressions and other lrregsla
rities, will find this medicine Inraluabhve Rwllt -i
remove the sallow completion and restore. It fid"
it natural fairness an? parity is gmUM mry
tint of health to the faded cheek, and causa the
gla, HeaL-iche,DysperisUuFunpIes and,lotche.
General Debility, and In all Impurity-or tiBtsof
the blood. "iffmisi
Dr. Tliorton's English Kidney Medfefete, or
Compound Fluid Extract "Enehu and "Pralra
Brave." A never faUingremtdrfor the ears ot
GRAVEL. ReaoVaTof Stone in tIJe-BlMSer: fflf
cures all Diseases or the Kidneys; It ri i njii 'tsf
the weak back and cures all thoao piitus. The,
English "Buchu" is the best now OfTeMd for Me.
Trv one bottle and vou wilt be ivlnced.-.
EnsUsa All-Healing Salve The be
article ever offered to the public for the cure ot"
Cuts, Bruixcs, Scalds, Sore Shins, Old gave,,
Cancers. Cancer Sores, Bunions. Corns," ''Car
buncle.' It will draw a boil to a head' quicker
than any other, application..
h. o. thorton ii. Tf:;rz535Kr-
Sold by all Druggists.
G-W. HENDERSHOTT, corner 9oiS ttd 1
Square, Nashville, Wholesale Agent for thV -J
United States. KepS3eoBm
1 ''1 l..i r
Cures all diseases" caused W
seif-a'iuse, vls ""Spcrma
tirrhea. Semi naTWeakne? -Night
Emissions; Loss xrt
aiemory. Universal Lassi
tude, Pains in the Back,
Dimnem oC Yistan, Irms
tare Old Age, Weak Nerves,
Cctenanra,lnsanity,Con-
umptionVaniraB. diseases
that follow as a scfruenee of
youthful Indiscretions;
ey This medicine has lieen nsod Is our prae-
petl in nltramarinc blue paper, printed ia gold
iciien. anu contains one notue ulcu wta. sugar
coated Pill, and one vial filled with.. Medicated,,
rowders sufficient to make ODe-half "plnfofitS'"
Jectlon. and one Syringe.
ST- Price, M per package; sold by Druggists cr
sent by mall on receipt of 5J0.
The jgrcat Indian .Diuretic
cures audibe'ascs of.the Urinary
Orpins, iuch as IncontJjwsco
or I rttie, Inflammation or tho
Kidneys. Stone in the Bladder,
Stricture. Grarcl, Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, andls especially recom
mi.nde'1 Irt Fluor Albas, (or
Whites.1
ty Each package of vegetable-
Remedy-Is wrapped la dxxk
enamelled paprr-and printed In
gold letters, and eon tain one
bottle filled with Sugar-coated
PUIs, and one vial filled with
Medicated Powders sufficient
to make one pint of injection,
and one syringe, enough to euro
aty ordinary cas
Price, 5pcrpartiHgri sold by all Dmjgists,
or sent by mail, S3JS".
The "VeirttaMe Cure"' and 'VegrtaMe Rsmtdj"
arc sold by responsibV Druggists everywhere.
Some dealers, however, try to sell cheap and
worthlem compounds in placeof these, ill order
to make more money. Be not decuived. Ask for
fht-Mi $5 preparations, and take no others. If the
dealers i(o not keep them, endow the money In a
lettef HhiTWe will seniMhem by return TaaiL-
Ladies or gentlemen writing or treatment will
state their symptoms iu full; they need not. hesi
tate nn account or their inability to vbit nsjaa
we have- treated patients successfully in all por
tions of the continent by. correspondence,
er We il.ire to scud our thirty-two page pam
phlet, entitled "Man and Woman as In-vaRd?,"
to everr reader of thispapsr. Send address, wUh
stamp to pay return postage, and address as fol
lows: ST. LOOS MEDICAL ASSOCIATION,
in North Sixth, street, SU Looijj Mo
Sold in Nashville at retail by O. W. KEN
DERSHOTT, and all Druggists. At wholeaala
bv BERRY, DEMOVILLE CO., and all
Wholesale Druggists.
je!8 dcodJteow&wlam Umh2I,T2 to alf
OIZT St. Chariot St
LuKriR.CATEDi'- l UTt3TKsjra!r'0.
1. 1'tv r. tn fi. j trv nwl i wi,V
eafit V.t.r t 1-w i- brn t n truavwy
a-aML n.t he t:J( rrrtTTiitw np--ii! jcteuim.
vuk porrst ill rfn ia thacftUfru.&itefit, cnrM
-IK, gi avpje?itr.&Fil&rr'f CvJrJt Uttjsos
pri 5t tr-il Ca.UUoa fr sa4rtipa
Dlice'.-,srs. MmMMXiMun,l'wuM.ml
bj aulLUcAta cX 1-Mh InrxScmta, tNlm.'AU laaa,
taaediVas. dank Nl arlxuilUra'a-uhiakaaw,anatMm&.
Slf Ptflatfea. 1 n r stl-a. kwrtao. Xnrr tmu tuat
(So3inauail4-tt I- ra4lta varetve. Taa. 1 1 ina.1
asHOtaica er aroaiiy arc acvmirawr aortau.-' 1
-ffmttSBSTPW JV JJjSBB5aaBaxS!5JSMMaMaWSSJSjSS"
avoid quacks:
A VICTIM OF UARLY INDISCRETION,
causing nervous debility and premature de
cav. having-tried In vain every advertised Temo'
dy, has discovered a simple means of self-cura,
which he will send free to his fellow-sufferer.
Address J. H. REEVES, "S Nassau street, New
York. jfp25od3m
Ciooffto your Cliildrsn'!
The Great Soothing Remedy.
MRS. 1 CaisTeaaaa4rrIplasla Xti
-tt rT Vos.li, aa4 fkciMi.fta iaa pra
IRKS
MRS I SaMocsemTttUlcai ftattrr
HITCCU3'3 oi-M-Mct lart-int to
PRICK
CEXTS
PRICE
ciLnts
SYRUP luuuaUMauarah
HnCC113 S!ni SauMrCenpUiatU cUii
tiVTl ITT". tJrenf ill tt.
la U dlKrrOeri bwwtli t ra mUdsr ur Uttr
8oUby DnitrUu nd Dnltn la SltikiM ffrtmr-Utt
a BOOK FOR THE MILUWST
anp j APrltataCeaaaataTtslia
w ..aarraa Ua pkjaialailcali
nillnfl If ytlarlaaaadraTalatfaa.cf'
Vasl UWW (I iaaMioal.riMB.ua lalaM
dftoTrrtaslaprwlaeiaxaadpnTaauaa agiprhia. Saw la
tiYscrra UiatfamrUxlaa, a-a.
Tola I. aa fauraatlac war at tw nasarra aaX tvtar
fbar biih, vita aoawraoa aasrarlaf t, aaii aostaiaa vala
atlaiabisutUarwtaaaavaa an aurriadVacaauea plats
mrrU. Sulk, ll La tmak that aacat ta ta Irpt ma4A
lack aad lev. aea t UM canlotlr abaci t&a tasasic j
ealtaaaraai-Taef pa.taafer TVlf Cl-
JdaTts. nr. UU rpcuarT,5a.3.a,3s-!aat H
St. taal., Uo.
Xotioo to tio Afliotei dlMortJMf.
Bfcre .r-'rlni ta tha neterfaaa quatfci araa aSTartfaafft.
uaiia pipers, ar ailnc anj,,ck maadlaf, paraaa Dr.
s.us' wvrk a m.t-.cr l-.jrotr IImxm it, ar kaar Ceplar-
lila yattr eimdiUi a.
Dr. RatueaaacMai.rr9roal3xar'97oafl Mtsa
mi tucntxm-t la ala warla. OOos. Sa. I X X. Kla4
btrcet, ht-em Mart.taaJ Chatait. HfcLaai..
sep U ly
BOOTS AND SHOES.
CABLE SCREW pi
BOOTS AND SHOES
IRS
Claimed to be the Jles't,,.
Ackowledjrcd to lie the Best,
Pro-rea to be theTSest
tHH ApX TUK 1'
MOST PLIABLE.
MOST ECONOMICAL,
MOST COMFORTABLE,
MOST Dl'KAHLE.
"WUX jiTot ZUp.
Rapidly sapcrscding,-Sewed. and Pegged Work
The. Eateut.Stamp is on al
SOLD BY ALL DE.VLEBS.
A single trial will" .make good alj 'tbersveJaitBs.
oct 11 lm i.
CQAj..
TTAV1NG TAKEN AN TNTEHES'rtN THE
H gvclousC6alJMineaorKntaeiyifaiowtta
theSt. Bernard Mines, on-that EvunsvlUe aud
Henderson JlaUroad,and having, con of the
disponltion ofsafd Ubal all south or Sprtngfleld,
i:oterton count y, Teniflrwe arc determined to
furnish NashvilleVEdgtfleld.'antl the surround
ing country and towns, so cheap. as to.pat fires hi
the reach of the poor as well as tho rich.
We can rnrnisu'snperlor article and abnml
ant snpplv.".
OFFICE Corrt-r Hniorf and Cherrv xtrsets.
liMraoM
(three
t DAYS
sWaaaj.