f
mm AND AMERIGO
Hntn nrv.nJfiT7riJw,York yesterday
at 11110111!, toucl.ed lHifSJloscd J
112 W-tLEw! rtVf
TcSsEflEKBoxps continue active in
New York, closing L-isttfnming ,at 63f foy
the old issues anil OS fortius new.
Cotton is in fair request iu,Ncw.Ark
and firm at unchanged figures.
Mia- I M
U AjiREa-r J) a vis made a speechjn Lou-
isviile "Wednesday night in which" he
"Weunesday night" In which "he
cyne out forfilillard
fqrf Millard Fillmore as the
tnocratic cj
A private telecram received at Mem
ports iifleen deaths 'there Tuesday from
r. r .i i t- i
jiiun itnur. wit-ru-reu uiousaiui people
liave left the city.
T iie Democrats m Orleans county, New
Yorki,liaft,, nominated a wounded soldier
for tluj"'ofl?cc of County Clerk, ;and the
Radicals have nominated a bounty specula
tor for the same "office'. !The' scalper will
probabjyic. jdficted. as the county is in
tense1yRadical. A
Thk Washington correspondent of the
Cincinnati Enquirer says: "It is stated
that a movement is on foot among certain
Western jltcpublican Congressmen to in
augurate a new revenue reform movement
in the House this winter, and to urge Speak
Wains to constitute the Ways and Means
er
Co:
Tun Washington correspondent of the
CincinnatfcfttMp EilicalJ says, Oct. 20:
"This city is Hooded with Georgia politici
ans, who, with. Attorney-General Akerman
at their heads, are trying to effect a reor
ganization of tlie Republican party in their
State. It Is proposed to throw overboard
such carpet-bajrger .as have become obnoxi
ous,'or who only serve to bring disrepute
upon the party, grid W put in nomination
uativci.eitizcus who liave both individual
woiih'and social standing."
Col. Judo E,"of Montgomery, Alabama
writes a letter, in which he says it would
"beasvious mistake in the Democratic
party of the. several Southern States not to
proridc!fo-rei!ar representation in the
next National Democratic Nominating
Comcntion." On the other hand, Judge
Dargan, of Mobile, says "If we can do
no good but rather harm by being in the
Coil ventijkecp away from it;" and again,
"If it be said jtliat purjfailure to send dele
gates is evidence of stubomncss it will
have a less injurious effect than the charge
that the Democratic candidate was nomin
ated by the influence of Rebels."
MISSIONARY
I'ducntlnr the Sonth.
Hartford. Oct. 20. At a meeting of
tho "American Missionary As:ociation, yes
terday, the committee on the work of
educational institutions in the South re
ported throuzh R-v. Mr. Dennon, who
urged the importance of Christian educa-
tion. Tic snoke earnestly against takingthe
Bible out of the public schools and weed i
tho importance of pecuniary aid for the
societies at work.
A Government Missionary.
(Sen. O. O. Howard spoke of the co
operation of the society with him as tlie
government's representative in the work
anion; tlie freedmen.
Rev. Dr. I'erkins from the Committee on
Chinese is America spoke of the obstacles
the Chin 'se must.encountcr in coming out
for'the Christian religion, their separation
from their families, etc The field of labor
among the Chinese in California is one
calling for help.
The Committee on Foreign Missions rc
commciiJcd work in Africa and the West
Indies. i
Rcy. W. B. Brown discussed at length
the relation of the negro to the government
in the matter-of citizenship, and the intel
lectual capabilities of the race.
Gen. Howard recalled the memories of
the anniversary meeting of the society in t
this citv in 1S48. in which Arthur and John
Tapiuuwere present. He lewewed the
work of the Society, and urged its claims
upon the charity of the churches.
Gov. Jewell also spoke briefly commend
ing the society's work.
Grant's l'oliey Endorsctl.
A report was made in fivor of co-operating
with the Government's Indian policy,
and endorsing and recommending the pol
icy of President Grant.
"Jix-Gov. Hawley then made an address.
He said the Saxons and Protestants should
not kill the Indians, when the Latins and
Catholics ever get on without it.
Secretary Delano then made a long and
eloquent, address, explaining the new pol
icy adopted by Gen. Grant, who sounded
the U-yno!e "in his inauguration message
when he said, I'm in fa-or of any policy
on behalf of the Indians that intends their
civilization, and make them citizens. He
beliet ed that tiic time, would come when
they would Ikj accepted as citizens and
woiil.l participate in elections. He thought
they were better subjects of christianization
than some politicians, in New York. The
Government is now doing tlie work of a
missionary.
THE EPISCOPALIANS.
Adjournment
f the Triennial Con.
ventiou.
JJaltimoue, Oct. 2i. In last night's
session of the Episcopal Convention, the
canon on ritual was lost for want of a con
stitutional majority.
To-day a report on th" organization of
churches in foreis" countries was cor.curred
in, after which tlie house went into secret
sessi-Mi to consider the nomination of the
Rev. Win. Ilobnrt Ilnre, of Pennsylvania,
as Mi-.ionary to Africa. It is understood
the friunds f this gentleman opposed his
nomination on the ground that his loss to
the couutry would be an injur' On con-feren"-
t!ia nam- wa withdrawn. 'o
other nomination uas made.
Aj canon to prevent the alienation of
elnirvii p;oi ri was passed.
A message from the House of Bishops
ronceriiiiij the seni.-c in schools, colleges,
ct(i,.vaaLiid o.i the table.
-The'subj vtof deviations in the standard
edition of tlie prayer book was discussed,
and a motion adopted declaring that the
insertion of any change whatever in the let
ters, pancSuitioH marks, etc., of the book of
common pravcrbc unlawful.
A ineiiioii.il and resolution relative to the
division of the Diocese of Illinois into three
dioce-"f.TiS referred.
A ic-so!.:-ion passed prowding for the ai
pointinent of a standing committee on
Indim aflairs, composed of six laymen, to
co-op 'i-nte v ith. the Hoard of Missions, in
resiio.neto icquust of tlie President of
the I'.iitotl States asking the co-operation
of reiuious bodies in promoting the civiliza
tion f tlw Indians.
A message f-om the House of Bishops
wasreeived announcing the adoption by
that lnly of canon forbjddius the adminis
tratio i of the holy communion except in
the mciiner designated in a formula canon.
Tli- ioteo:i th5 resolution proposing a
c.ino.. ou ritnfd resulted as follows: Clerical
yen 17, nay.s It, divided 4. Lay vote
ye'js i- 11 divided
.Rcoinlions were adopted, almost unani
inoinb. coudoni'iing ceremonies and ob
sctvh'ia' forciri to those in the authorized
stand.-.! of the Church, declaring that the
a'dvicvof the fathers is deemed sufficient to
secure tlie suppiv-ssio-i of all that is in-e,ii-laiyatd
promfi'- unif irnitv of admini.stni
tion ia the Clui-idi.
A l r'ss-igc f. tii the House ofBishops to
adjour l sine d at 12 o'clock to-night was
adop'. The Ity of XcW York was desig
nated .is i he n- -t place of meeting.
1 At 1i in 'eti of tin; Convention at 7 r.
.1..;.... nrvrtTit n .rfvtmmitf ln in
repm. the nest Convention what is the
law of ritualist was ruled out. A message
was neeivel f-om the Hout-e ofBishops
iconeitrring in the resolutions condemning
fqremnnies contrary to the standards' of the
'churc
MfcUlM'J the lisho entered attired io
'their 4obes and the whole house rose until j
the. !"'-'Kps had iaU'ii positions. Tljfl cer- I
emoii tiii &e were of asolemn and
impjr fJntf.cVr. Rev. Smith, qf Ky., 1
thTft v a ''f t -storM letter, after which the
bishojsn.'t.i- d. j
3!ESMLISHEBMMC301835,u jv;
J fVOXi-LL' va
J Win.ilJ. Stokes Arrested for Defraud
ing tlie Government
De-iOctebcriReport of-Agrictiltural Bureau.
'f Grant's "War oh tlie People of South
Carolina.
Akeniinn In tho Role of Jeffreys.
w.m... ru ii!!ne,m,i:nn1.
T
been received here that eighteeiTcitizens of
York-county, South' Carolina, were arrested
this, week ou the charge of being members
of the Ku-Klux organization. There are
forty persons already in the Yorkville jail
on the same charge'; Attorney General
Akerman is personally aiding Marshal
Johnson in Ins ram on the proclaimed
counties.
Tlie Bald CngIc Cased.
Ex-Congrcssmaa W. B. Stokes, Super
visor of Internal Revenue for Tennessee,
was arrested here to-uay on his arrival
charged with defrauding the Government
to the amount of $00,000. Being ar
raigned before Commissioner Johnson, he
waived examination and gave hail in
$15,000. It is said thai Victor J. Powell,
a clerk tb Auditor's
clerk in the Second Auditor s office, is

Peace.
Tlie immense petition from Utah, signed
by about 2,000 woman, is in favor.of polyg-
till! kllULr dUlliai, 11 OMU.!). Xlr lllU
to tile Executive Mansion by delegate
Hooper. The petitioners represent that
the federal officials are creating disturb
ances, and ask a stoppage of court proceed
ings. Irtc Crops of the Country.
The agricultural report for October says
the influence, of the. drouth, and .the unusu
ally low temperature of September, have
been unfavorablelo ripening fruits, matur
ing corn, and other crops. 'o serious dam
ago has resulted to corn. The product of
wheat is 7 per cent less than last year.. The
quality is generally superior, and placed
ab,ove thft average in all the Western States
except Kentucky, Iowa and Nebraska. The
oat crop will be about as large as last year.
The quality of barley is said to be fully .me
dium, and the quantity very nearly an ave
rage. The buckwheat crop i3 comparative
ly poor. The potato crop is below the ave
rage. The number of beeves is greater than
usual in most of the States. Texas reports
a reducton of til per cent, Kentucky 2, Il
linois 2, Indiana 2, and California er
cent.
Small Bills.
Treasurer Spinner answering a commu
nication complaining of the scarcity of legal
tender notes of small denominations, says
the department is always ready to supply
notes of small denomination on application.
Special to the Louisville Ledger.
Case of Collector Kobb.
It was charged sometime since that Col.
Robb, Collector of Customs at Savannah,
was a defaulter to the government in a
heavy amount. The charges were partially
investigated at the time, with the result of
there being some changes made among sub-
ordinates, but the
Collector managed to
escape
censure or dismissal. Ihese old
charges liave been renewed, with many ad-
ditional items on the Complaint, by some
prominent citizens of Georgia, who are now
here endeavoring to nave ltobu removed.
Robb was the Colonel of an Illinois volun
teer regiment, and originally obtained his
position through the fnlluence of Senator
Yates, which was given rather for a consid-
oration of anything but with reference to
I the moral reputation of the ex-Senator.
I The new charges of corruption are so ex
plicit that it is not lielieved the administra
tion will continue Robb in his present posi
tion, and an intimation. has been given to
j that effect by a Cabinet minister.
A Xewrreatmciit for "Georgia,
j AUorneyneraljcermahgand alarge
batch of RepubliSivpolitlciaiis from Georgia
i are now here, audit Is stated that they pro
pose putting their party, so far as Georgia
is concerned, in aa entirely new position.
J-'irst of all, Joshua Hill is to be ignored,
and the carpet-ba'' influence is to be
thoroughly destroyed. Southern men of
known character and social iosit:oii are to
be put in nomination for State ollices, and
are to succeed to the Federal patronage so
far as practicable. In fact, a new and vir
tuous era is to be inaugurated in, as it is
supposed, ample time to capture tlie elec
toral votes of the States at the next Presi
dential election.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Make a Desert nntl Call it Fence.
Augusta, Ga., Oct. 20. Advices from
Yoik county, South Carolina, state that
arrests have been made, numbers of men
are leaving the county and their deserted
families are suffering. Business of all kinds
is suspended.
A Aotable Testimony from Xegroes
that Tlicy arc not l'crsccnted in the
South.
Washington, Oct. 20. The colored
convention at Columbia, S. C, which lias
adjourned, thinks the South holds out the
greatest advantages to the colored people
for settlement. It was recommended that
steps be taken to secure the passage
of a supplemental civil lights bill
to the national civil rights bill. A resolution
from the Committee on Education reported
that a universal system of schools is neces
sary. A plan of organization for a Na
tional Labor Union was submitted. A
motion tliat they meet in Memphis in June
next was carried. Congress was asked to
incorporate the Freedman's Homestead
Company. Another National Convention
will be held in New Orleans in April, 1872.
VIRGINIA.
Injunction Renewed against the Ten
nessee Road.
Lynchhui.0, Va., Oct. 20. The bill
heretofore filed and withdrawn in the
United States District Court for the East
ern District of Virginia was refiled yester
day, praying an injunction to restrain the
Virginia and Tennessee Railroad and Wil
liam Mahoney, President, from carrying out
the provisions of an act of the Virginia
Legislature consolidating that road with the
Norfolk and Petersburg Road and the South
Side Road under the title of the Atlantic
and Mississippi Railroad, having its termi
nus at Norfolk, Va., anil Bristol, Tenn.;
and further that the Virginia and Tennes
see Railroad be restrained from issuing any
bonds under the act of the Virginia Legis
lature in furtherance of the interests of tlie
Atlantic and Mississippi Railroad, which act
is alleged to lie unconstitutional; that they
be enjoined from negotiating a loan for the
eight millions of bonds of this amount
which have been executed and are at
tempted to be sold at a discount of twenty
live cents; and that the defendants be en
joined from the construction of the Cum
berland Gap Railroad, or in any way foster
ing the roads by the use of the funds of the
Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.
CINCINNATI.
Dentil or Thos-Ewliisr, Senior.
Civf inxati. Oct. 20. The death
of
lion. Thomas Ewmg. ben., wno
died at
I.
Lancaster, Ohio, this afternoon at halt past
hree o'clock, was announced in the United
three
States District Court this evening, where
upon the Judge immediately adjourned tlie
cotut. It exacted a number of mem-Ik.-1-s
ot :he b.u of this city will attend the
fuueral idiicli occurs at Lancaster
on Saturday morning at eleven o'clock.
The Southern Itoad.
Coi.v mhu.s, O., Oct. 25. The constitu
tionality of the law authorizing Cincinnati
to donate $10,00,000 to the construction of
the Southern'Railroad is being argued be-
I fore the Supreme Court
Stanley Mathews
and Hon. Henry Stanberr spoke to-day,
and A. E. Hurguson and Mr. Kettridge will
close the argument to-morrow.
PIIILAMLPIIIA.
The iJite Election Idols.
Piiii.AiEi.rniA, Oct. 20. The coroners
jury in the case of Leon Baldel, who was
shot in the riots election day, gae their
verdict of death by a gun shot wound at
the hands of Police Sergeant, James Duffy.
NEW'TORK
.:c ti. i i
Boss Tweed to be Arrested To-Day.
Order Issued for tho Arrest of Tweed.
New Yohk, Oct. 20, There was no or
der fo? the arrest of Tweed late this after
noon, but a dispatch from Albany says:
Wheelei- ILPeckbani made application to
Judge Leonard for an order of arrest, and
Jit was granted. The Deputy Sheriff pro-
iwus to new iorK lo-mgnu Tweed will
be taken into custody to-morrow, and it is
understood he will be brought to Albany
for trial." It is stated that Tweed asks that
the trial be changed to this city.
Tweed this morning advanced 520,000, to
pay me sraati pipe men employed on the
Uroton works.
Lateu. The report from Albany that
proceedings were liad to-day before
Judge Learned for the arrest of Tweed is
confirmed, hut the particulars lu the pro
ceedings are not known.
The proceedings against Tweed is the
principal topic of conversation on the
streets and in public offices to-day. Tweed
is very reticent of his future course. He
will probably employ John Graham as
counsel.
Oakey Hall Escapes Censure.
It is stated that the Grand Jury dis
missed the hill against Mayor Hall charc-
int him with malfeasance and refused to
1..
ceiisuru iiini ior not examining me alleged
fraudulent bills before signing them.
A final meeting of the joint committee of
aldermen, supervisors and citizens will be.
'held to-morrow.
Getting Their Honey Back.
Clias. O'Conor last evening stated that
ho could recover .tliree and a lialf million
dollars from Tweed in civil siiit.
A $100,000 Fraud.
The evening papers say Victor Powell of
this Second Auditor's office was arrested
Tuesday on a charge of frauds in connec
tion with county claims against the Govern
ment. The amount specified is $10,000,
but it is said investigation will show the
amount to be over 5100,000. It is also ru-
mf ired that an ex-member of Congress is
im plicated.
Bible Bcvlslou.
Iln the American Bible Union, to-day, the
Committee on Revision reported on the
New Testament. The report was adopted.
R(!V. Mr. Artamage read extracts from the
revised Bible, remarking that it was errone
ou s to suppose it a new translation, but as
it now stands all the errors and defects in
the Bible in King James' time are removed.
THE FORREST FIRES.
West New York Extinguished by Rain.
Two Children Iturncd.
New Yoek, Oct. 20. It is rainy and
foggy this a.m., with the wind east. A
Xiagara Falls special states that the fire in
the woods south of Albion, whicli stretched
live miles, are entirely subdued, and the
lu:avy rain last night will settle it.
J-ive houses, seven barns, two Hour mills,
aijd a hundred and seventy thousand tons
ol hay, liave been burned since Sunday
morning. There is a large fire also east of
Medina. Tlie fire near Lockport is now
confined to the Tamarack Swamp. Two
children were burned in it.
CHICAGO.
Over 40,000 Applicants for Kclicr.
Chicago, Oct. 20. There is fear that the
Chicago Observatory, which contains the
famous Clark telescope, will be susiended
owing to the want of funds to conduct it.
-x Corporation Losses.
The city of Chicago, as a corporation,
loses by the great fire projierty valued at
five million dollars, consisting of bridges,
buildings, damage to the water works, des
truction of engines and hose, etc. Tlie"
damage to street improvements, which falls
irpon the abutters, is not included.
Roasted Hollies.
The .Journal says it is now believed tliat
a large number of jiersons burned at the
great fire were thieves, who in their anxiety
for plunder remained in the buildings till
escape was cut off.
A Jlnmmotli Courthouse.
The project which was much discussed
before constructing the new wings to the
Courthouse, to cover the whole of the
Courthouse Square with buildings lias been
revived some since the fire. The proposi
tion is to construct an immense building
which shall occupy the whole Square, the
first floor to be composed of first-class
stores, on all its four fronts, the upper
stories to be devoted to the use of the city
and county, a law institute, and offices for
members of theRiar. Wide corridors are toJ
inn no tlie first floor tlimnfrli tlie entiriTH
building from Clark to LaSalle, and from
Washington to Randolph with handsome
fountains at the intersecting points.
Honest Workmen.
Tlie brick-layers and masons are endeav
oring to form an organization in which each
shall pledge himself to work at the ordinary
day wages for the purpose of rebuilding the
city. They also wish that each work under
I he supervision of an architect, and not for
i-ontractors, as the latter cliarge exorbitant
prices for work and say that the masons
compel them do so.
The Siamese Twins.
All the papers in the city, the Times lead
ing off, endorse the nomination of Mr.
Medill fot Mayor in the strongest terms.
There will be little opposition to him. This
is also true of D. A. Gage, the candidate
j'or City Treasurer, and Mr. Jameson, for
Hudge of the Superior Court. The balance
'if the ticket is subject to revision and
amendment There is an opposition organ
ization against the union movement, but
3ione against the gentlemen named above.
What is Wanted.
The Chicago Relief and Aid Society are
Laving numerous inquiries as to what is
most needed by the sufferers in Chicago at
present. Many of tlie letters say that per
sons are desirous of contributing articles,
who cannot well send money. In reference
to all such proposed contributions the So
ciety wish to say tliat nothing is so much
needed now as lieans, potatoes and onions.
They are advised by their Sanitary Com
mittee that they must have these articles if
they expect to escape sickness. They are
informed tliat many farmers would be glad
to contribute these articles, and they ask
all ersons who can to ship either onions,
beans or jiotatoes to tlie Society. By a little
co-operation car loads can bo made up at
the different places of shipment.
The society are also in want of straw-
beds, of the usual size for two persons, and
friends in the country are requested to fur
nish as many as they can. The ticking
should bo of strong material, and filled with
clean straw or prairie hay.
10,000 Applicants for Itclicf.
They are feeding and caring for over 40,
000 people at the present time, with a ver3"
small stock of vegetables on hand, and but
little covering.
scra"nton.
Almost a Itoiv.
Sckantox, Pa., Oct. 20. Rev. Arthur
Denton, the Ogdensburg sensationalist, en
tered the Fifth Ward schoolhouse this after
noon, ostensibly for the purpose of making
an anti-Popery speech. Superitendeut
Hawker ordered him out. On refusing to
comply he was summarily ejected. Denton
was advertised to lecture this evening in
Fellows' Hall, at Hyde Park. Hundreds of
Irishmen congregated in the neighborhood,
all determined to prevent him from uttering
a word. The Chief of Police prevailed on
Denton immediately to leave town. He
left for Carbondale in a private conveyance
this evening.
THE NORTH PACIFIC.
Blsgraceful Assanlt on Swedish En
borers. St. Paul, Oct. 20. A riot occurred at
Oak Lake, the present terminus of the
North Pacific Railway, which rcsidted in
the death of a Swede named Kundsen at
the hands of a notorious blackleg named
John Wallis, alias Blankey Jack. Several
other Swedes were severely injured by1 the
associates of Wallis. Wallis has been ar
rested and brought to St. Paul.
j NASHVILLE, TENK,
FOREIGN.
L'INTERNATIONALE.
In Germany.
New Yokk, Oct. 20. A Herald special
from London, of the 25th, says Baron Von
Delist is piupuiuig a note regarding mo in
ternational society, to be addressed to all
the governments m Europe. The Prussian
government will propose to the Reichsrath
a law on the same subiect. An eminent
jurist and a special functionary are charged
wuii me uuiy oi aramng me law.
In Italy.
Rome, Oct. 20. The workingmen's so
cieties of Rome and Naples refuse to par
ticipate in the congress of workingnien to
be held at Rome, on the ground that the
assembly will be a mere Republican demon
stration unfriendly to the Italian Govern
ment. The Government has lessened its
precautions against the international parti
sans of the llepublican agitation, believing
that their principles liave no hold upon the
Italians.
In France.
Paws, Oct. 20. The number of Com
munists released by the courts is not less
than 10,000.
It is said that Prince Napoleon has left
Corsica.
GREAT BRITAIN.
nothcr Frightful Con Mlluo Explo
sion. London, Oct. 20. Another frichtful
colliery explosion took place this afternoon
in Seahon Mine near New Castle. Thirty
tliree men were in the pit at the time,
hone of whom have yet been reached.
There is scarcely any'hope of saving a sin
gle life. The families of the victims with
large numbers of people are gathered around
the mouth of the pit.
SPAIN.
The Bourbon vs. the Savoyard.
Madmd, Oct. 20. Rumors which have
gone abroad of conspiracies against the gov
ernment uy tne partisans ot Duke ilont
pensier and the Infant Alfonso are without
truth. The whole Kingdom is perfectly
quiet. No demonstration of of any kind
against the Dynasty oi Savoy Is apprehen
ded. B0UTWELL
At the Confession Box.
Boston, Oct. 20. Secretary Boutwell
lectured here to-night on the present ques
tions affecting the public prosperity. He
referred to tlie labor question, saying that
co-operation was the best way for the labor
ing men to obtain lull justice. The land
question was one which required attention.
The evils which crept into it as regards
corporations should be remedied; so also of
the railroad system of transportation. Al
luding to the fact tliat, of the 140 merchant
vessels sailing between this country and
Europe, not one is underthe American flag,
he deplored the humiliating spectacle which
was thus presented of allowing Great Brit
ain to take possession of the commerce of
the world. Speakiii" of the duties for
building ships, he said tliat to repeal those
duties would necessitate the removal of du
ties on other articles, and this the govern
ment cannot afford. e are looking to
specie iyment. He argued against the
project of postponing tlie payment of the
debt, thinking it was better to grapple with
it now, and give the capitalists a shrink rap
for endeavoring to shrink, as they some
times do, their real share of the burden.
ST. LOUIS.
A Tragic Wedding A Honeymoon
In
JalU
St. Xouiaf Oct. 2lPOn Tuesday" night
in East St. Louis Ignatz Fergenbalz was
stabbed and killed by Frank Walter. The
alEiir grew out of a disturbance at a mar
riage festival and the subsequent assailing
of tlie house of the bridegroom's father-in-law.
Walter was the bridegroom and is
now in jail.
"A ?3,000 SEEE."
Miss Xllssou In the Coal Bcfrlons A
Particularly Severe Article.
Miss Nilsson lias been giving a concert at
Scranton, Pa., and the people there seem
not only to be disgusted with her "tricks
and her manners,"' but are also disposed to
deny tliat she can sing. Under the head of
"A $3,000 Sell," the Scranton lleimblkan
lias a slashing criticism of two columns o
so, from which we have carefully selected
the following passages
The first exploit of MissNilsson after her
arrival in this city was not calculated to im
press respectable people favorably as to her
delicacy as a female. She made her debut
in the billiard room of the Wyoming House,
a short time after dinner, and there demon
strated her ability with the cue by beating
Briguoli, and her contempt for the rules
which govern respectable ladies in our
midst.
At the concert, after some preliminary
pieces had been performed, screeches of the
prima donna were heard behind the scenes.
The object of this perhaps was to prepare
the audience for a glimpse of the heaven
they were about to enjoy. The moment
she appeared on the stage there was a faint
effort at applause, but her conduct silenced
it soon. After surveying the audience with
an air of hauteur and superciliousness, she
commenced an examination of tlie stage,
witii a sneer upon her lips and a slight ele
vation of her nasal organ, and then flung a
look of contempt at the atidience,so if they
had been the cause of her displeasure.
AYhat this cause was we know not. It was
the opinion of some tliat it sprang from
there being no carpet on the stage, and her
not over dainty soles took offence at the
bare boards whicli the manager, in his bar
barity, had neglected to cover with purple
and scarlet for her reception. Be this as it
may, it was not the audience, and to charge
them with the indignity was as silly as it
was iguorant and unlady like.
Her face is somewhat pale, her cheek
bones prominent, her eyes rather small, but
indicating boldness; her lips thin, and indi
cative of ill-temper anil curlishuess, her
movements bold, firm, and decided, and a
toss of her head tliat speaks of pride, self
esteem, and liaughtiuess. From what we
heard we are not willing to accord to her
talents other than of quite au or
dinary character; there are an hundred in
dividuals liefore the public at the present
time who liave qualities in a far higher de
gree of perfection than she gives any cvi-
dence-of. Those who have had the pleas
ure lf seeing our own prima donna, Miss
Kellogg, will be slow to accord her any su
periority. The recent appearance ot the Kiciungs
Troupe here will enable many of our read
ers to draw a comparison between the vo
cal and dramatic towers of Misi N'ilsson
and Mrs. Caroline Richings Bernard, and
we are of opinion that the latter will not
sutler much by the contrast. She is an
artiste of no such capabilities as Parepa
Rosa or Madame La Grange. She
has been compared with the former,
but there is about as mucli aptness in the
comparison as there would be in comparing
the roar of the ocean and the ripple of a
brook. Newspaper writers have dwelt upon
her ethereal character and the ideality and
spirituality of her nature, and compared
her musical interpretations to the
picture of a placid lake but her
nature is too gross to be ethereal, and she
is not capable of any such effects. There
are not twenty persons who would go to
the Opera House to hear her sing again, no
matter ou what terms. When Mr. Dickson
went into the green room and made the re
quest in the name of the audience that
she sing one English song, her re
sponse was that the audience was "too
cold." If so, it was her own silly conduct
i ujion her first appearance that froze them.
Bngnoli, though gifted with a splendid
voice, is a fitting counterpart to tlie subject
we have just had under consideration. To
be disagreeable, however, with him is natu
ral. A Wisconsin jiaper says in regard to ,the
origin of. some of the late fires "In the
majority of cases the fires ..were, set by
tiavelers, or small boys, 'just for fun.'
EEIDAY, O.CTOBERr27, 1871.
A STAKTEIXG STORY.
Jhe Societe Internationale, .aiid
tlie Chicago Fire,
A Diaboli cal Plot for the Ddtr Mfc
tion or the City.
How the Project was Matured, and
Carried Out Horrible Confession of
One or the Prime Movers Fiendish
Work by the Communist Incendiar
ics Remarkable Veriflcatlon or a
Prophecy by George Francis Train.
From the Chicago Times, Oct. 23.
The following document is given without
the expression of any opinion as to its au
thenticity. Though it appears at the first
thought to be utterly romantic and improb
able, there are not wanting confirmatory
circumstances. For example, the original
explanation of the origin of the fire lias
been denied by two persons on oath, which
is sufficient to disprove the statement in a
court of justice. Then it can be attested
by every one who listened to Train at Far
well hall on the night of the fire that he
used the language recited below, predicting
tne destruction ol the buildim; in winch
he spoke, and saying that a great
calamity was about to overtake
the city. Finally, there is abundant evi
dence going to show that the fire was set
In more than one place. Thus, a well-
known lady, who resides in the vicinity of
the f ranKiui school, on iJivision street,
states positively that while the fire was pro
gressing north in the North Division from
the river, she saw a man walk up to the
side of the primary school, a frame build
ing, in the rear ot the i rankun school, turn
out a lot ot shavings irom a bag, and im
mediately after the man had turned his
back upon them, saw the shavings flaming
up. With these observations, the alleged
confession is given in the precise language
tliat it was received, as follows
THE CONFESSION.
I am a member of the Societe Interna
tionale. The headquarters of the organiza
tion are in Paris, and its ramifications ex
tend all over the world. There are branches
in London, Edinburgh, Manchester, Liver
pool, Dublin, Berlin, St. Petersburg, Naples,
Florence, Vienna, and other cities in Great
Britain and on tlie continent, and in New
York, Boston, Washington, New Orleans,
Baltimore and Chicago, in this country. Its
members are bound by a fearful oath
never to divulge any of the plans
or operations of tho society, and
were it known tliat I was about to
relate tlie story I have commenced I should
never live to finish it,; while if the author of
this ever becomes known I will die a death
more horrible than that which met any of
the victims of the inquisition. It is, there
fore, with fear and trembling tha I sit
down to write the true story of the origin
of the Chicago fire, and nothing but the
sternest sense of duty, and a desire to clear,
my conscience of a load that is too heavy
for endurance, would induce me to jen
these lines.
I fancy the sneer of incredulity with
which some will greet my announcement
that the destruction of Chicago was accom
plished by the International Society, or
Commune, but, when I have unfolded the
details of
TUK PLOT
and the motives that prompted its concep
tion, Incredulity will give place to astonish
ment tliat human beiug3 could be found
who were so blinded by fiuaticism
as to become parties to so great and over
wlielming a crime. The events of the past
two weeks liave awakened me from a dream
so wild and improbable tliat, were it not
for the dreary evidences of its reality tliat I
see about me, I could scarce believe, and
still more reluctantly can 1 believe, tliat in
the terrible tragedy tliat lias been enacted 1
was one of the principal actors; that, though
blinded by a fanaticism- more fearful than
he wont form of lunacy, I permitted my
self to become the cause of so much misery
and woe.
During a short residence in Paris in 1S07
I was thrown much into the society of
leading members of the commune. Being
an American, it was supposed that I would
favor anything tliat would tend to bring
about an absolute equality bet ween all men.
At first I laughed at all such notions re
garding them as not only utterly impracti
cable, but as tending to overthrow all law
and order. But as expedient after expedi
ent was suggested, some of them seeming
to be feasible, I caught the infection tliat
animated my associates, and soon became a
blind enthusiast in the cause of socialism.
While there, I became a member of the
Societe Internationale, and it is not surpris
ing, therefore, tliat on its
FIRST ORGANIZATION IN CHICAGO,
some eight months ago, I was selected as
one of the prime movers. Since I had re
turned from France I had been in corres
pondence with some of those prominent in
the movement there, among whom were M.
Henri Martin, who was among the first to
fall a victim to the Versailles troops at the
capture of the city M. Assi, whose tragic
fate is so fresh in the minds of all, and M.
Julius Garadine, from whom I learned the
progress the society was making and many
of its future plans.
The organization in Chicago was formed
under the direction of two communists who
had fled from Paris, and myself. As else
where, none but the most daring and trust
worthy were admi.ted. The avowed pur
poses of the society were liarmless in them
selves. They were to endeavor to elevate
the workingnien to tlie level of the rich; to
promote communistic sentiments among tlie
masses, and, as soon as possible,to inaugurate
the reign of socialism,when everybody should
enjoy equal benefits, and overty and want
should be unknown. To these declarations
there was a codicil binding the members, if
it were found impossible to secure the re
sults by peaceable means, to resort to what
ever measure should be deemed advisable
by the directors of tlie organization.
The first two months of the existenco of
the society were consumed in
FRUITLESS ATTEMPTS
to stir up strife between the mechanics o
the city and their employers. But the dis
astrous consequences of the eight-hour
strikes in 1SG7 were yet fresh in "remem
brance, and for once the labor imions re
fused to do the bidding of their prompters.
This was a discouraging blow, but the mem
bers of the society were determined. In
no city of the union was more to oe feared
to communism from a continuance of the
existing condition of aflairs, for colossal
fortunes were being amassed in an incredi
bly short space of time, and an aristocracy
of wealth was springing up that threatened
t liecome so strong as to defy overthrow.
Plan alter plan was suggested, and aband
oned as impracticable, t mally, the
Ill'IINIXO OF THK lll--iINKS PORTION OF
THE C1TV
the thoimht
was suggested. Appalled by
of working such desolation in the fairest
ritv on the continent. I at first shrankifroin
participation in the transaction. I protest-
ed that instead of promoting the objectt of
the society it would only retard them. But
all the others were firm, and, weakly, I
yielded. Gradually the insanity produced
by being a prompter of a calamity that
would shake the world to its centre took
possession of me. Sleeping or walking,iuy
thoughts were nlled witlillie plan.
To mature the details of the plot required
tho utmost caution. Tlie project of raisiug
a mob by means of some popular excite
ment and to burn and pillage the city was
debated at length, but at last abandoned
because of its liazardousness and the inevi
table loss of life tliat it would involve, for to
take life was not our object it was only to
humble the men who had waxed rich at the
expense of the poor. The incendiary's
torch was finally fixed upon, and on the
ninth day of August preparations were ac
tively begun to carry it into execution.
Several times a day was fixed for the aw
ful tragedy, but as often abandoned.
THE CO-OrERATION OF THE ELEMENTS
was needed. The torch was first applied to
tlie warehouse on the corner of State and
Sixteenth streets on the gusty morning of
the 30th of Septemlier. It was hoped that
the high south wind then prevailing woidd
carry tlie flames to the raw of frame build
ings to tlie northward, but a sudden cliange
in the wind defeated the project by enabling
the fire department to quench the llames.
Again on the Saturday night preceding the
catastrophe, a' match jwasf applied on. Canal
street, and for a few hours all seemed to be
EVAJTS, 3PITE, IPOBTUB CO.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
33RY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
WK ARE NOW IN RECEIPT OF A VERY LARGE STOCK OF
FOREIGN AIVB DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
FOK THE FAEE TRADE,
TO WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
BcpS 3m
8. B. SPURLOCK.
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WHOfflAli GROCERS 4! COTTON FACTORS,
DEALERS IIH FOREIGN
Nos. -32, 34 and
IMfn
I n iV"n nil -TTInc '-Pniml eTiail
B"S5 "u" xito iiiiiiuiiiu
Exclusive Agents for the sale of Manning' Whisky anil Annls Shcetlnj-s.
ocl3mtp"
working well, and but for the failure of one
of the petroleum mines- to ignite, Sabbath
morning would have seen Chicago in ashes.
But the doom that was overhanging the
city was delayed but a day, and that day
came near proving fatal ti our plans, for
then and only then were we in danger of
betrayal. George Francis Train, a member
of the Societe Internationale, lectured in
Farwell Hall on the evening of the fated
Sunday. In tlie course of his address his
manner clianged for a moment while he
made use of these words
"This is Tim ivst tcblic address
that will he delivered within these
walls i a terrible- calamiti" js im
pending 6ver the citv of chicago,
hore i cannot say j more i dare n ot
utter!"
It was well for him that he closed as he
did, for there were half a score of hands
grasping half a score of pistols that would
liave checked any further utterance forever.
It b with much hesitancy tliat I approach a
recital of tlie
6CENE.-1 OF THAT HORRIBLE NIGHT.
All (Lay long we liad been in secret con
clave where no mortal could spy out our
doings. Petroleum mines liad been laid in
a score of places, and trusty men were
stationed at eacli of them to apply the
match at the proper moment. The plot had
been so arranged that all should appear as
accident, our part being mainly to assist the
progress of tlie names, for we knew that,
once beyond a certain limit, no agency
could stay them. The place above all oth
ers in the city whicli promised the great
measure of success was in tlie barn on De
Koven street. Xo "old Irish hag" was
milking her cow at tliat time, as the re
porters of the city press are determined to
have it. A Human being of a different sex
was there, however, but liad disappeared,
as if by magic, before any mortal eye liad
remarked his presence.
Before the arrival of tlie jaded firemen at
the scene of the conllagration, half a dozen
mines liad been touched oil", and theiretiort3
to subdu-3 the llames were as futile 39 the
effort of a child to stem tlie raging cataract
of Niagara. Wlien the llames liad reached
the river, work began on tlie south side.
Simultaneously a mine was sprung at the
gas-works anil another, near Van Buren
street bridge, and two whole blocks were a
SEETHING HELL OK FLAMES
in lea time tlian it takes my unaccustomed
pen to tell it. From thence onward the tire
was assisted by a mine set on AVells street,
near Monroe, another .block and a lialf fur
ther east, and still auother in Farwell hall.
Little did those who listened to Citizen
Train on the eventful Sunday night suspect
tliat they were sitting over a magazine tliat
needed but the touch of a match to involve
them in a perfect hell of flame.
From tliat point the destruction of the
South side, with its massTve granite piles
and well-stored warehouses, was assured.
Onward sped tho flames, and wherever
they appeared. likely to skip, anew maga
zine was fired, and ruin with its fearful
front involved the fair city.
I had been delegated to explode
THE POWDER MAGAZINE ON SOCTH WA
TER STREET.
Our otfly fear of want of success was that
tlie authorities, failing to stay the main cur
rent of fire by ordinary means, would resort
to the last and only hope lay a few blocks
in ruins by means of gunpowder. To
guard against this a train liad been laid
communicating with the magazine, and re
quired but a "spark to destroy it. When
the work liad been so fully inaugurated, I
hastened to the point to which I had been
assigned, wild with a frenzy more terrible
tlian any I had ever liefore experienced. I
readied the spot where the match should
have been applied. A huge coal lay within
a few feet of it. A slight kick from my
foot would have placed it over the hidden
fuse, but the streets were thronged with
people, and I shrank from committing the
act that would liave
PLUNGED HUNDREDS OF HUMAN BEINGS
INTO ETERNITY.
That moment's hesitation was their sal
vation. The powder brigade arrived al
most upon tlie instant, and the explosive
was removed from tlie building. Among
the first barrels removed were those which
the train communicated, and although a
stray spark afterward fired the fuse, no ex
plosion followed.
Hardly had I recovered from the momen
tary llash of humane feeling that overcame
me, than I was placed in imminent peril of
my life. Tlie tlames had advanced north
ward on both sides of where I stood, and
were rushing toward me with fearful
rapidity. Dazed by the various conflicting
emotions that had filled my breast, I had
not noticed this, and when I awoke from
my trance the most horrible of deaths
stared me in the face. Hemmed in on
every side in a crucible of lire, I for a mo
ment gave way to despair. But despair
gave me strength, and, breaking
down a heavy door, I rushed through a
store to the river and plunged into its
waters. A boat moored at the dock as
sisted me to cross, although I did not waste
time in getting into it, but pushed it before
me as I swam. Beaching the north stile, 1
ran witli all my speed through the streets
toward the city limits, seeking to escaie
I from the terrible scenes mv eyes hail le
I held.
I In the meantime, my co-workers 111 crime
I had not been idle. As the current of fire
I passed northward trom an Luren street, it
anneared that a larec tract bounded on the
north by Madbon stiect, and ou the west
In Dearborn street. nicltKlmu' a valuable
section of the city, would escape the terri
ble destruction that had visited the remain
der of the city. The llames had proceeded
along Harrison and Van Buren streets to
Fourth avenue, and here seemed to hive
spent their force. It was
A TERRIBLE MOMENT,
for millions were trembling is the balance.
A few brave men battled with the demon,
and but for the omnipresence of the Inter
nationals would nave stayed its projn-ess,
But a man rushed into a house tliat had
lieen abandoned by its occupants, oateusibly
for the- purpose of saving some household
utensils that had been left, and returned
laden A-ith eooils; buta moment aftcrwanl
the rear of the building became a mass of
flame, and a gust of wind earned it east
ward to the lake and northward over the
district that had thus far been spared, thus
completing the universal ruin.
ON THE NORTH SIDE
it liad been intended to destroy but few
buildings, and these the business headquar
ters and residences of the allluent. As
ilnrin! the nrocress of the fire on tlie south
side, mines were sprung in various localities
as the flames advanced, but only wliere the
natural course of the llames was likply to
leave the work but imperfectly done.
The fire progressed too slowly. The
waterworks were in full blast, and there
was danger tlial tlirough their agency some
of. '.the buildings doomed to demolition
would be saved. Tlie works had been pre-
NEW SERIES- NO. 981.
EVANS, PITE, PORTER CO.
J. M. SPURLOCK.3
AND DOMESTIC EIQUORS,
38 Broad Street,
nml T l.l....
uuu jjiutittl ilUt ailtCS IllilUt.
pared for destruction, but the time had
not arrived, as the fire was evera!
blocks away. But, notwitlistanding this
fact the match was applied, and the work
men were obliged to fly for their lives. In
their flight the man who liad fired the mine
was overthrown and badly injured, and as
the fire advanced he fell a victim to its
fury.
Thus ended the work of the incendiaries
of the Societie International. Tlie elements
completed the destruction, and the loveliest
portion of Chicago is now a
WASTE, DREAR RUIN,
habitable only by ghouls and the ill omened
birds of the night. The results are more
than liad been anticipated, but are yet not
satisfactory. .Many buildings that had been
doomed by the Internationals escaped the
fiery ordeal, while a large tract it had been
determined to spare is now a ruin.
RETRIBUTION
is not long hi following the perpetrators of
great crimes". Two of the original founders
of the organization in Chicaga met death in
the terrible conflagration they liad instiga
ted, and I alone am spared to suffer worse
tlian a thousand deaths from the stings 'of
conscience. Seven of the men delegated
to assist the fire in its progress also perished
miserably in the hell they liad conjured up,
while two others are probably maimed for
life.
As for myself, I hare little hope of es
caping the iiigeance of thelnternationals.
THE OATH
to which I subscribed carries with It the
penalty of death in a form more horrible
than any that has been visited upon mortal
since the sun first rose over .chaos. The
organization is omnipresent, permeating
every circle of society, each member being
liound to mete out the penalty of the oath
to any one who may divulge its secrets.
Tliis, its greatest of secrets, has
been written under the load of a
guilty conscience. Life lias lost all its
attractions for me, and I scarcely care to
live, save to see tlie damage caused partly
throu;;li my instrumentality repaired. But
if it shall appear that I cannot escape from
those who lave already involved me In so
much misery, I will yet not die at their
kinds, but will prefer to lie in accursed
ground.
1. S. Let me add one word of warniti!.
Other cities, both in this country and Eu
rope, have been threatened with fire. Tlie
Societe Internationale is implacable.
MUNICIPAL AITAIHS.
Meellusrof tho Common Couucll Ke
ports orDcpnrtments City Attorney
Hook-Keeper New City Eoncls
Convention of the Tno BonrtlH New
Member of the llonrtl of Education
Tree Eririffe Speech of MnJ.Thomu
son, etc.
A regular meeting of the Common Coun
cil was held last night, President Morton B.
Howell in the Chair.
MESSAGE OF MAYOR MORRIS.
The message of Mayor Morris, directing
attention to the condition of the Market-
House, and calling for a convention of the
two Boards to lill a vacancy in the Board of
Education, and for other purposes, which
has been published, was read and received.
REPORTS OF OFFICEItS.
The reports of officers, the substance of
which was published Wednesday mornin?,
were read and ordered to be filed.
RULES OF GOVERNMENT.
The rules of government hitherto in ex
istence in the Common Council were adop
ted, with a slight ditrerence as to the time
of meeting, and requiring 11 instead of 0
to constitute a quorum.
THE CONVENTION.
On motion, the Board of Aldermen was
notified tliat the Common Council was
ready to meet tliat body in Convention.
Upon the Board of Aldermen appearing,
President W. II. Wilkinson took the cliair
as President of the Convention, and an
nounced its purposes. It wa determined
to first proceed with the election of a mem
ber of the Board of Education to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of Prof.
Thomas II. Hamilton. Samuel Watkins,
John Herriford, Dr. Geo. S. Blackie, G.
M. Fogg, Jr., A. U. Cartwnslit and
Bryce Thompson were placed in nomina
tion. On the Cth ballot Mr. Watkins re
ceived 14 and Dr. Blackie 12. Mr. Wat
kins was therefore declared elected.
THE FREE BRIDGE.
Mayor Morris desired that the convention
would cive the speakers on the free bridge
question as much time as desired, and it
was so ordered. Jiaj. Joun u. M iionipson
was thereupon invited to the stand, and
proceeded to address the convention. He
stated tli.it it was now proposed to build
across the riier at Xashville a stone arch
bridire SO feet in width, to cross which no
tolls should be charged. It was believed
that $150,000 would accomplish the work
$."0,000 stibscrilicd by Edgefield, and a like
amount by iSasuville and Davidson count y
each. This was a matter of great business
importance to 'Nashiille and tin- county, as
well as to the town of" Edgefield. He com
pared the toll rates of the old wooden
bridge with the tariff of cliarges made by
tlie present suspension bridge, allowing the
former to have Ix-en much more reasonable
than the latter. Maj. Thompson wid the
interests of Nashville and Edgefield were
identical, and ought to be so regarded in
action on the projxisitioii now submitted
to tlie people. He said the stone arch bridge
now in contemplation would be of great
convenience to the public, almost as dur
able as time, and in apjiearauce and utility
an honor to Edgetield, Nashville ami
Davidson county. The speech of Maj.
Thompson was plain, practical, and to the
point. We regret tliat our limited space
this morning will not permit in to give hi
speech in full.
At the conclusion of Maj. Thompson's
remarks the convention adjourned and the
Aldermen repaired to the cliamlier of that
Board.
PETITION.
A number of petitions in reffienct
to
frame houses, damage to prorty. and
over-aseesmients weie referred to appro
priate committees.
A petition for tlie erection of three gas
posts on South Spruce street w.ii read and
action on the same postpon.!.!.
tociieatU the office of city ATTOit.NKY
The bill to create the oflice ot City Atto-
,iv find iMinin-r wliat Ins liiitipj shall
came up on its second reading with amend
ments. Councilman Duling opposed the
amendment, proposing to give the. .Finance
Committee tlie right to select the attorney.
Tlie amendment win stricken out, and the
original bill passed its second reading. A
motion to suspend the rules prevailed, and
the bill passed its third reading, It! for and
5 against.
citv hoou-kkki'ej..
The bill passed by the Courd of Alder
men authorizing the-employment of :ibook
keeper for the city passed its third, reading
7 ncroxHiNGTExqrr;
I AM NOW RECEIVING THE UtSO EST
and ben selected stock of
mm
Ever brought to tbts market. I am. prepared to
furnish the public with &I1 nullities aztdendea
of Clothing
At Trices that Deft CorafetKle.
The following U a partial lilt of article from
my xtoct, which will giro some idea, ocths extant
of my purchases:
OOA5?S.
Creator Bearers,
Cine ncd Black Open,
Derby and Chesterfield.
Diagonals and Ollre Browrt.
1'rlneo AlbertSr
New siarfcet,
Fleetwood.
Also, a fnll lino oV Blactt Clotb'Cewts, of
all styles, qualities and prices.
nc-OPnlr Black DoeslilaJ "u
Casslmere Fanta oral! HtaHtfes
Grade and Prices.
VEST..
Our Stock of Sine, Clotn, CUaiatere at
Velvet Tenta ia complete as to quantity-. qtu
ltvaml price.
we haTe hare also on hand a fun Use or
Qvorooata,
SHiwl5
TX.-Eascan.
tn ail dl tion to the abOTe we have eanrtazTtlr
ntaSTtiT on
nana a run line of Gentlemen's Ti
lnsr uoods.
we oiler these gooJj to the trade at tlie towet
market rates. Onr stock Is new and complete In
every department.
Planters, Merchants and the Public freceratlj'
are. Invited to call and examine our stock before
purchasing elsewhere.
The many friend of JAMES TV. -EVANS,
formerly connected with this house,. win,flnd hha
at this old and well-known stand, and he win be
pleased to showthem through the stocSr, and at
the same time be able to satisfy their tastes In
anv article pertaining to this line.
BILLY BROWS, son of ex-Mayor VT. M.
Brown, is also connected with this noose, and
will be pleased to have his friends gin xtiaa a
call, guaranteeing to please them in every respect.
MIKE POWERS
Star
Ootliing
Corner Market and Square,
sep23eod3msplstp NASHVILLE, TENN.
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
GLQTEW&.
T'RADR
ri
We have just opened
a
larger Stock of Beadifcniade
Goods, adapted to the early
Fall .and Winter wear of the
Southwest, than ever hefor
which we will sell (to mer
chants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite huycrs to call and ex
amine oiir Stock.
Particular attention is call
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
These Goods ham beencbn
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, siqwn'ority in.
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the pnees at which we offer
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A full line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum-Clothing pp
sale. Orders carefully filed.
BOLIVAR II. CODKE C
NASHVILLE, TENN.
B. H. G00KE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Public
Square.
seplOU
but a motion fur a suspension of the rules
failed.
TO IS-SCE BONDS.
The resolution directing application to tha
Legislature of Tennessee for the passage of
a bill directing the Issue of city bonds
amounting to $000,000, with coupons for
interest attached, adoped by the Board of
Aldermen, wa3 read, and the action of the
board adopting the resolution concurred m.
fl RAVEL FOR KDGEKIELD.
Tin; action of the other board, granting
the application of tlie town of Edgefield for
gravel from the upper island for street pur
poses, was concurred in.
IIONDS or 0FF1CES8 AI'PROVEO.
The bonds of various city officers "were
read and approved.
T1IR MARKETROUSB SYSTEM..
Councihnan.Pentecost introduced a reso
lution expressing it as the sense of tlie
Council tliat the $13,000 appropriated by
the former City Council for the' erection of
.a new ilarkethouse should be used for that
purpose. Tending the consideratioa of the
resolution, Mayor Morris stated that it had
lieen ascertained tliat $l:,,000 would not
pay for a better building tlian the present
one, provided the old structure haia neur
roof, which could be put on at tlie expense
of $1.:',00. Mr. Pentecost stated his rea
sons for introducing the resolution, and
urged the importance or some definite ac
tion on the proposition. The resolution
was rejected.
WOKKIIOl'SE KEEPERS.
Councilman Edwards offered a ill pro
viding for the election, on tlie 1st of..Dcr
ceniber of each year, of Workhouse Keeper,
Assistant Kceii-r, and Night Watchman,
anil defining the duties of the officers
named. The bill passed its first reading.
On motion, the Council adjourned until
the time of its next regular meeting.
Midnight Depredations.
Siiiv the arrest of several persons, all
colored, last month, tin? people living outou
the Granny White pike has enjoyed some
repose from the midnight depredations of
lawless persons, and it was supposed mo
outrages liad lieen brought to a close. A
gentleman living in the vicinity oi inearovc
mentioned neighborhood informs us that it
1 is again infested with thieves and other bad
characters, who are now comimitins "p
alfr crime m tne Killing oi
I i"S of every thing that can belaid bold ot
t On Saturday night last two cows, one. tae
property o r. -u. rr-
Other operations
o uiiiviionu J"""""--
of an equally heirtousand guilty nature are
being nightly carried-on and the citizens of
tliat'locality have no protection against tho
work of these marauders who should be
ferretted out and dealt with as justice de
mands and the law allows.
Rellsionsi Service.
There will be divine worship in the Syn
agogue this evening at5J o'clock, and to
morrow morning' at 1 o'clock. Bev. Henry
Steppach, of Memphis, "wfll officiate and
deliver a lecture.
Mi m iii.ii' 'i' iiiwns-rmn irfT
wsaaas-aai
wmsamsm