THE HERALD.
•filttankee Prairie du Chien It. R.
CAR TIME AT BOiCOBEL.
'xpi«*«, going **st, *lß*
Nigkt ssprosa, 10.23 p. M
A"om mod's, rut ll:60 a. u.
IjllMS, golug »«5t,............. 3
NigM sovriMi*, wsst, .68b
l" Otorao‘l'n tnl, 4:06 P. w.
•ftf-Ths .>.07 A M train only eonorcta at M'-Greg .r
..r point* in Miuncsuta an<l lowa The W;\B A M
'rain conn*' Is at Milton Junction a nd Milwaukee for
rr.inta F.ast.
F. B 11URDICK,
Agent at Boacobol.
Mineral Point Railroad.
CAR TIME AT PLATT EVILLE.
PL4TTBVILLE—Train* »eav« »t 9 A M
arrifa at 4:10 P. M,
IiKLMONT —Train, leave at 9:30 A. Si.
11 arrive at 3:40 I’. 51.
Train* run daily oxcept ou Sunday. Passenger*
leaving Platteville at 0 A. M arrive in Chicago at
7 I’. 51 Passenger* loaviug Chicago ou the moniing
train come directly through and arrive at Platteville
at 4:10 P.M. UKO. W. COBB.Sup t.
I jocal Matters:
FOR SALE—Twenty Acres of Tlin
b«*r land situated one mile north of
village of Lancaster. Apply to L.
If Tipi, Herald office.
—Small pox preva'** nt Gotten,
hurg.
Read on the tirstpago an article
upon Woiceeter’e Dictionary.
A lady in the village Hays the
lati at thing out is—her husband.
—The Lancaster schools were
cloned on Friday for a vacation of
two weeks
The recent burning of tho house
of Mr. Kllwlon, of Muscoda, in report
ed— lohh S4OO.
Grant county has sent s<i convicts
to 'be State Prison since the institu
tion was built.
-We notice several new cutters
have been added to the stock of the
Lancaster livery.
—The young ladies of Lancaster
•will niako New Year’s call*, intro
ductory to leap year,
—A religious revival is in progress
at the M E church at Roscobel—
Rev I*. Hackney pastor.
Advertisements and business
notices to appear in the Herald must
be handed in by Monday evening.
Up to this morning full 22 inches
of snow bad fallen, but the storm of
to.dav will add several inches more.
Dubuque wood-sawyers are evi-
I. ntly nothing if not industrious,
.awing wood, as many of them do, at
i r cents a cord.
Mr, ft Butcher, of Galena, who
Pad been in the stove ami tin trade
there for many years, died on Mon
day. Dec. 11, aged nearly 7b years.
Wo learn from the Wf/tAUi that
the house occupied by Mr. Frank
Newton, Sup’t of tho Platteville
Powder works, was destroyed by fire
on Tuesday last,
Parties sending in notice of a
single stray for insertion in the Her
ald should remit $1 50 for publication
fro*. Fifty cents is charged for each
additional stray described in same
notice.
—This from the Galena Gazette.
will bo read with interost horo
Mr. .1. W. Corey, a brother ofCapt.
t'orey, of this city, has located at
Lancaster, Wis, as agent for the
Singer Sewing Machine. Mr. Corey
is a gentleman, and our Iriends up
that way will find him reliable.”
—ln closing an article upon the
St. P., Milwaukee and Dubuque K. It.,
the Dubuque Telegraph says
“We cuu safely say that the pros
pects ibr the construction of this
ruad are now upon a most promising
basis and that it only remains for
Milwaukee and Dubuque to contri
bute their share of the exporiHO to se
em e its early completion.”
A Madison girl put Croton oil on
her hair mistaking it for boar’s
grease or eoooaine, and went to bed.
When she got up in the morning her
hair was scattered about the bod,and
her head resembled a billiard hall.
Ilor follow swears ho won’t marry
her until her hair grows out again,
and she is making anxious search
for some lightning hair renewer.
“The Congregational fair and fee.
rival wan well attended both nighte,
uibeit the weather wan so very un
|*topitiouH that people were almost
alrai l to venture away from their
h mes The wax-works were funny
tilings to soe, ami added much to the
drollery ot tho occasion. On Satur
day evening, Harnett’s "band it tuck
its stand so sweetly in the middle
there, and soli bassoons played hear*
only chunea and violins did fiddle
there." About S2OO were realized.

I'MtsoNAi,—Prof. Chas. 11 Allen,
State Normal Agent, beguiled an
hour with us in the sanctum on Sat
urday evening last, Tho Prof, is in
good health, which is abundantly tes
tified by his vigorous personal pres
ence. Ho goes to Vermont in a few
days, there to lecture upon education
and hold teachers’ institutes through
out tho State for a period of eight
weeks.
Capt. F. W. Oakley, IT. S. Mar
shal for the Western District of Wis
consin, called to day.
Pout-office Removal —We learn
that the post-office will be removed
into Kylatui A Holloway's corner
block to-morrow The office will oc
cupy the same place it did during
Postmaster Hyland's administration.
This is well. Tbe location is the
best and most cential in town for the
post-office, and will doubtless give
better general satisfaction than the
present one.
Dkutschkb Hall in Cassvilll
Per deutsche Untorbaltungs-verein
in (’assville wird Montag Abend, den
Januar, 1872, im Doniston Haus
einen Hall geben, wobei dio beruhmte
Germania Ban l con J>ubu</ue spielen
wird Alie Freunde des Vereios
sin 1 freuuJiiclist eingelsdeu.
Kintritupreis, SI 25.
•Truw Baumgartner,
Sek retar.

Notice.—The friend* at Mt. Zion, six
mile* north of Lsnumter, intern!, all being
'♦ell, to holti a Festival on Friday, January
h, 1872, the proceed* of which are to be
given to Rev. J. Hewitt for his service* as
a minister of the go»pel. Rev. J Breeze, E.
Emery, and others are expected to address
tlic meeting. Doors open at lOo’clock A M.
30t2 By order of COMMITTEE.
I'kaohkr Wanted—Diet. No. 1
t 'wn of Hdctowu, wants a teacher,
and will pay fair wages to one who
'‘as had experience in the work. Ad
dress K. K. Millard, Dist. Clerk, Bee.
h'wn VVis, 28w3
Important Announcement.
To my Customer.' and the. Public in
general; N
(,)n and alter Dei •it 1 r 1, '7l, prices
on ad goods sold by me will be re
du< dto the lowest Cash Basis. This
will enable me to offer great bargains
in ready-made clothing, dress-goods,
silks, poplins, etc., —while goods,
shawls, laces, and, in fact, all articles
usually found in a firstclass drygoods
establishment
Having determined to do business
on a strictly cash principle on and
after Januury Ist, 1872, it is hereby
announced that no more credit will
be given at mj’ store from that time
forward. Farm produce of every
kind taken in exchange for goobs.
Bring your pork, grain, butter egf s,
ate., and 1 will allow you therefor
tho highest rates this market affords,
giving in payment goods at the low
est cash figures.
All persons knowing themselves
indebted to me are iespecially in
formed that they must settle all dues
between this date and the first day
of January next.
Hoping that my new business do*
pui lure will meet with general ap
proval, uud confident that the cash
sy-tom will prove a blessing to cus
tomers as well as merchant, 1 hereby
return thanks lor the flattering pat
ronage of the past, and respectfully
solicit a continuation of the same
under the new regime,
Anton Schmitt
Un«’*»tor, No?. 28, I#7l. 20w4

Star Si*aniH.ei> Banner —This fa
vorite family paper takes its 100,000
readers by surprise in tho issue tor
January, y 7‘>. just recieved. It is
enlarged to same size as N. Y. Leger
and appears in an entire new dross,
elegant new heading, border,tj pc,etc.
It contains one half more reading
than formerly, and greatly improved
in every respect. This number con*
tains four splendid Stories, Poetry,
Wit and Wisdom, Sketches, Knowl
edge in a Nut Shell, M< ney Maker’s
Mirror.Cbildren’s department,Health
Department, Farm and Farmer,
Cook s Corner, Ladies Boudoir, Pen
and Scissors, Chip Basket, and the
“Roque’s Corner,” a special feature
of this excellent paper. One thous
and swindlers, quacks and humbugs
were named and exposed during 1871.
The publishers of the “Banner” givo
a new and superb “Prang Chrorao”
and their largo and first-class paper
a whole year for 75 cts Try it.—
Copies can be seen at this ofiico, or
from any newsman, or by sending 6
conts to
STAR SPANGLED BANNER,
UIXiPM.I, N. H,
Thomas A. Springer Tbo Gale
na Spirit of the Press contains the
following in reference to a former
citixen of (irant county. Many
friends hereabouts will he pleased to
learn of hiH good fortune
“This gentleman who was our part
ner in business, in 1849, is now State
Printer of California, an office of re
sponsibility and emolument, lie has
heretofore published the Amador
Ledger ut Jackson, Amador County,
Cal, It has been published for some
fifteen years. As Mr. Springer is
about to remove to Sacramento City,
the Capital, be has placed tbo Ledger
in the hands of his son, Grunt H.
Springer, and K. M. Briggs, formerly
of this city, but more latterlj’ of Bec
town, Wis. We wish Mr. Springer,
in his new field of action, as well as
the new firm, great success.”
jar We have received from the
United States Subscription Agency,
32 North sth Street, Philadelphia,Pa.,
a beautiful Chromo-Lithograph repre
senting facsimiles of thirteon prom
inent periodicals, both with regard
to design and color, which is fi«ely
executed.
They are tho authorized General
Subscription Agents for the United
States, and by special arrangements,
made with many of tbo Publishers,
are enabled to roceivo subscriptions
at reduced rates. Where sevoral
Magazines are ordered at one time
their terras are extremely low.
Literary, and other associations
subscribing to a number of Journals,
would find it to their advantage to
apply to them for their rales. To
every applicant, the above Chromo-
Lithograph will he sent free.
A Larue Calf. —At Monroe, Wis.,
we recently saw at the barn of Levi
Starr, Ksq., a Short-llorn Bull calf,
of such remarkably largo size as to
be worthy of special note, it was
bred by A. Ludlow, Ksq., sired by a
bull of good sizo and form, bred by
dames N. Hill, of Illinois, we believe.
Tho dam of this calf is a largo red
cow. At 7i months old tho calf
weighed 925 dounds —having gained
195 pounds in two months. He is
of good form, a trifle coarse in
some spots, but giving promise of
being a valuable animal. Mr. Starr
has a good farm, with good build
ings, and with quite a liKing for good
stock. At tho last Wisconsin State
Fair ho bought a good red Short-
Horn heifer calf for a good price.
Prserved Bodies— ln reply to
Hamlet’e question, How long will a
man lie i’ the earth ere he rot?” the
grave-digger said "Faith, if he be
not rotten before he die, he will last
you tome eight or nine year a tan
ner will last j’ou nine year.” Which
is no doubt an interesting item of in
formation. But what would tbe
grave»digger have -aid to the fact
that human bodies buried at Potosi
tnoro than tjjjety-seven years ago,
and recently exhumed, were found
to be in a state of perfect preserva
tion hvon the grave clothes were
quite as good as new.
Wisconsin Marble.—ln Brillion,
Calumet county, tboro is a quarry of
200 acres of round grain marble. A
chemical anlaysis by D. R Averill, of
Newberg, Ohio, shows it to be a per
fect marble, superior to Vermont,
and equal to the Italian. This quar
ry- lies in stiata from two inches to
ten feet io thickness, and on a rise of
ground from twenty to thirty feet,
easily drained and quarried. Some
layers are white, some blue and
white, but the most of it is pink aud
white. It takes a polish fully equal
to Italian marble.
tap' During the past year Dubuque,
lowa, has expended more than sl,-
000,000 on her public and private
buildings, streets, and olhor improve
ments. This includes railroad ex
penditures, water works, and a large
number of business blocks and pri
vate residences,
Short Account* Make Long Friend*.
All personshaving open accounts at Nath
an, Schreiner k. Co.'s are requested to call
and settle without delay. Our accounts
MUST be balanced up either by CASH or
NOTE—we prefer the cash. We waul to
start ’72 with squared accounts. We mean
all, no exceptions. By giving it your im
mediate attention you will very much oblige
Youra very truly,
30tf Nathan, Screiner k Co.
MILWAUKEE MARKET.
Milwaukee, Monday, December 23.
Wheat—No 1,1.21; No. 2.1.18 X; seller Febuary 1.22.
Oats, 32Ufc. Corn, 40*ja. Live Hogs, 3 90<ty4.00 from
fairtogoed. Dressed hogs, 4 95. Cattle, 3.50®4.60 for
good to prime.
BOSCOBEL MARKET.
CORRXCTRD IVXET TUESDAY MORNIKfI BY PAKEER, RU
DER RARD A CO.
Boscobxl, Tuesday, December 26.
Wheat, H bushel 1 OOdyl 06
Flour, ip cwt 3 20
Corn, yi bushel 25<® 30
Oats, y bushel 20dfi 23
Barley, boehel 25(a.40
Rye, Vsh'xbel 40dU 43
Bean*, 'p bush 73(0>l 26
Butter, l’acklug, j* tb 13
Butter, Fresh Roll, ft 18
Lard, V ft 8
Kggs, IMox 20
Wool, Fleece, lb 66
Wool, Tub Washed ft 60
Beef Cattle, cwt 1 30(42 60
Pork, Live, V cw t 3 25(43 80
Pork, Drcssod, y cwt 4 30
Chickens, ’p 1b...... a
Turkeys, Hlh. 8
Geese, y ft 6
Ducks, >1 lb a
Hides, green, V* lb 8
Hides, dry, yft 12(4 18
Balt, y bbl 0 00
PLATTEVILLE CASH MARKET
CORRICTSn KVKRY TUESDAY BY M. 8. TBOWUEIIKIE.
Platteville, Tuesday, December 26.
Wheat, per bush 90@1 05
Flour, per cwt 3 20
Corn, per bush 2g(ai 30
Oats, per bush 23
Kgg*. per dox 18(4 20
Fresh Butler, y 16(a) 18
Lord, per 1b 6(4 7
Salt, per bbl 3 20(43 26
Beef, per cwt, 2 00(42 50
Pork, live, per cwt 3 23(43 40
Pork dressed, por cwt 4 30(44 50
Hluhb, »-«en, per 0k 7(4 8
Hides, dry, |ie. ft I*^
Petts, per
Turkeys, live, per ft 7
POTOSI MARKET.
CORRECTED KVKRY TUESDAY MORNINQ BY UTMEII it LEWIS.
Potosi, Tuesday, Docember 26.
Wheat, per bush 1 iKka.l 08
Flour, per cwt 3 20'
Corn, per bush .'io® 35
Oats, per bush 27
Barley, y bush 46
Rye, per bush 45(4 50
Beans, per bush 1 00(41 25
Wool, ft, 65
Fre*h butter, per tb 15(4 16
Lard, per lb o»
Eggs, per doz 25
Salt, per bbl 376
Beef, y cwt 3 50(44 50
Dressed Pork, per cwt 4 46(44 35
Pork, live 3 16(41 26
MARRIED:
*'At the residence of the bride's father, in 9onth Kirt
lan.i, Ohio, on Wednesday, December 20th, 1871, by
Rev.C, R. Thompson, Prof. KII Sprague, of Augusta
Wis., au-1 Mia* Linda J. William*.
For the Kr ueron* nice of excellent wedding cake ar,
conipauying the above, the happy couple are hereby
tendered the fianke and bo*t wished of every llhald
printer.
In Fennitnore, December 21st, by Rev. Thomas Man
uell. -Mr Arthur Woodward and 51iu Km urn Jones.
In Lancaster. December 13th, by Rev. A. P. Dexter,
Mr. K. W. Clifton aud Miss Maria J. (farrier, both of
Washburn.
At the residence of the bride’s father iu New Dig
gings, December loth, by ltev. jc. McQinley. Kev. Hu,
Setup e, of Washburn, and Mis* Susan Johnson.
In Olen Ilaven, December 17th. by Win. Tate, Es.j.,
Mr. Charles W. Kleinhans and Miss Launah L. Camp
bell, both of Guttenbnrg.
Iu Cassville, December 20, by Henry Burgees, Ksq
Mr. Henry Tiukey and Miss Mary F. Anthony.
DIE r>:
Iu Lancaster, December 13tli, ot convention of the
lungs, Liandkr J. Alkxandsr, uged 67 years
BAXTER KINNEY,
LANCASTKR, WIS.
To the People ßefore you
buy your supplies, go to Baxter
Kinney’s and see their Big .Stock ol
New Winter Goods, bought last
week iu Chicago for cash. A full
lino of beautiful Dress Goods, La
dies and Gent’s Fine Buck and Kid
Mittens and Gloves Hoods, Nu
bias, .Scurfs and Shawls in all tbo
latest styles and designs. Mon and
Boy’s Overcoats and Caps, new
and cheap Boots, Shoes aud Rub
bers also lined over shoes and boots
—a very desirable article. Ladies
and Gent’s Underwear— beautiful
and cheap. Cloths, Flannels, Lins ys,
Germantown and Fancy Wool and
Yarns at very low pric©B A large
stock of Christmas and New
Years Goods suitable for presents
for old and young. Cuino and see.
26tf Baxter Kt.nney.
CARD NO. 2.
To my Customers
All accounts on iny books are due. I can
not go and see every man personally. This
is my last invitation to pay. You, you and
you—l mean every man, without exception.
I must have money. I have to work to ac
commodate those who want work done and
have not the money to pay as they go; but I
want a time for my pay, and that time is now.
1 am grateful for your patronage, your good
will, but cannot loan you money in iron,
wood and labor at the present ruinously
low prices of work, without immediate,
prompt or regular pay time. To say you
hav’nt got the money is no excuse you must
get it. You can borrow s.o or $25 to pay
me easier than I can go to Ryland Is. Hol
loway’s ana hire SSOO or SI,OOO at 12 per
cent., and that in advance. We wilt con
tinue to be friends if you do this, but our
fi ien ’ship must cease if you compel me to
the last resort. I have sacrificed SIOOO and
much credit for my customers during the
present year. I shall be at my office every
day until after the Ist of January.
I). R. BUDD.
December 19, 1871. 29tf
ANNUAL MEETING.
Pi the Stockholders in the Lancaster Woolen Mill Co.:
Notice is hereby given that the Stockhold
ers of the Lancaster Woolen Mill Company
will hold their regular annua) meeting for the
election of officers of said company, at the
office of Barber Cleinentson, at Lancaster,
on Monday, the Bth day of January, 1872, at
one o’clock, P. M.
By order of the President.
T. A. BURR, Sec’y.
Lancaster, Dec. 19, 1871. 29w3
PAY UP. PAY UP!
All persons knowing themselvfs to me
either by note or book account are requested to settle
the fame by tbe let of November. Harveet it over, and
i will take no excnee. Money I mum hare in order to
carry on tmsitiess. All not** and book account* not
tetlled l'V the l*t of November will be placed in the
band* of an attorney for collection. m/an tchai 1
,-aw. JOHN POLLOCK.
Lancaster, October 9th, I*7l. 19m3
GRAPE ROOTS FOR SALE.
I beg to announce that I have for sale Grape Root*
of every variety best adapted to thia latitude. To
parti-s uufanu'iar with the art of piaating aud cul
tivating grape vines, I will give persona! instructions.
Also a Tot of Froit Trees which will be sold cheap.
Pure, home-made wine* in large or small quantities.
JOHN BONN.
Potosi, November 21, 1871. 26
WHOLESALE CARD.
nRrOP ir? OROCRRIK?.—PITTMAN, M. WILL
IAMS A CO.. Caseobel, Wis„ would call the at
tention r f country Merchant* to thsir large and well se
lected stock of Druse. p a*ent Medicines. Paints. Oils,
and Groceries. There is do need of going to Milwau
kee or Chicago for your goods, for we will duplicate
Milwankee prices, addiag freight.
N. B.—Sole **-“nt» in Boecobel for Pleat’ i <2 Meili
part's Strictly f rt Whitt Lead. Price* and quality
guaranteed. 21-
VILLAGE PROPERTY'
For Sale CHEAP!
I offer for sale my place in tbe village of Lancaster,
roamsCing of 12 lata, with a dwelling honse. barn and
orchard thereon. Will sell the whole together or fat
parcels to smt pnrclmser*. Enquire on the premise#
of at the Berald office. MARGARET DEL.
Lancaster. Nov. r.. I*7l rSSt
WEEKLY
Qmoamq wmmmm
One Dollar per Year,
IN LARGE CLUBS.
PROSPECTUS for 1872
The Weekly Chicago Tribune, for the year 1872,
will conalst of flrst-c lass original and selected matter
embracing the latest news by telegraph and mail, down
to the hour of going to press, editorials, correspond
ence, reports of the proceeding* of Congress and of
the Legislatures of the Western States, and of impor
taut public meeting* aud political speeches, financial,
and commercial Intelligence, reports of the grain, pro
vision, lumber, dry goods, cattle, and general markets,
uotiecs of new publications, and other literary aud
miscellaneous Intelligence. It will also contain
weekly summaries of Information concerning the work
REBUILDING’ CHICAGO,
And restoring its former greatness after its late de
vastation by fire.
Theyear 1872, it will be remembered, Is a
PRESIDENTIAL YEAR,
And the c-'upaign will, in all probability, be as ex
citing as that has transpired since the outbreak of
the late w-r. Tux Chicago Taint .yk will uphold and
defend the principles of the Republican party with Its
accustomed vigor and earnestness. Our platform con
sist* of
Kt/ual and extra j wfics, at the. IxiUot-bvA and
before the fair, to all men, arithout dhtinction of
race of color.
Amncety for all political offence* connected
icith the rebellion.
A tariff for public revenue only.
Preservation of the public landn for actual set
tlers uniter the Ihnnsetcadand Preemption lairs.
Opinmtion to monopolist <j/ every description,
and to corruption in every form.
Such reform of the civil serrtce a* snail mate, men
and fitness, instead of partisan seal or personal
favoritism, the test if preferment to Federal of
fices.
Our readers, and the public generally, are so well
acquainted with the tone and quality of Thk Chicago
Tkibcxk, that wc need not enlarge upon that subject.
Near the close of the 25th year of our existence as a
public journal, we had the misfortune, in common
with a large majority of the business community of
Chicago, to he burned out, losing thereby the most
commodious newspaper building in the United States,
and being deprived, temporarily, of the useofour ex
tensive printing machinery. We have commenced
rebuilding our ruined edifice on a more enduring plan
than before, and we have efiected arrangements for
the use of machinery which practically gives ua the
same facilities that we possessed before the fire. Up
on ucsupation of our new building and machinery
Tuk Thibcrk wHI be issued as an octavo, ami contain
eight pages cf reading matter.
The weekly Tribune, will he published regularly as
heretofore each Wednesday upon the following
TF.RRX—l’uynlile in Allvhiht.
wt3e:k:i/y:
Single copy, one year 2.00
Five copies, ene year 7.50
Ten copies, one year 12.00
Twenty copies, one year, and an extra copy to
getter-up of club 20.00
Fifty copies, one year, and a copy of daily one
year to getter-up of club 80.00
TRI-WEEKLY:
Single copy, one year 6.00
Five copies, one year 28.50
Ten copies, one year 50.00
DAILY.
Single copy, per annum J 12.00
SATURDAY EDITION.
Single copy per at.auui SI.OO
SEXD FOB POSTER AND SAMPLE COPIES.
No publication of above I‘rowpcctiiN
will lie nrkiinwledged unless ordered
slireet from onr nOiee.
TRIBUNE CO., Chicago, lU.
Scientific American
FOll 1873.
Twenty-Soventh Year,
r |MIIS splendid weekly, greatly enlarged and
l improved, in one of the most useful and
interesting journals ever published. Every
r.umbwr is beautifully printed on fine paper,
and elegantly illustrated with original engrav
ings, representing New Inventions; Novel
ties in Mechanics, Manufactures, Chemistry,
Photography, Architecture, Agriculture, En
gineering, Science and Art.
Farmers, Mechanics, Inventors, Engineers,
Olieruists, Manufacturers, and people of all
Profession* or Trades will find the
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAX
Of Great Value and interest,
its practical suggestions will save hundreds
of dollars to every Household, Workshop and
Factory in the land, besides a (lording a con
tinual source of valuable instruction. The
editors are assisted by many of the ablest
American and European writers, and having
access to all the Scientific and Mechanics I
-tournals of the world, the columns of the
Scientific American are constantly enriched
with the choicest information.
An Official List of all the Patents Issued is
Published Weekly.
The yearly numbers of the Scientific Amor
lean make two Splendid Volumes of Nearly
One Thousand Pages, equivalent in size to
Pour Thousand Ordinary Hook Pages.
SPECIMEN COPIES SENT FREE.
Tr.RMs— s:i a year; $1.50 half year; Clubs
of ten copies for one .year, $2.60 each, *25,
with a splendid premium to the person who
forms the club, consisting of a copy of '.he
celebrated Steel-Plate Engraving, “Men of
Progress.”
Iu connection with the publication of the
Scientific American, the undersigned conduct
the most extensive Agency in the world for
procuring PATENTS.
The best wav to obtain an answer to the
question—Can 1 obtain a Patent is to write
to MQNN CO., 37 Park Row, New York,
who have had over twenty five years’ experi
once in the business. A pen-and-ink sketch
or full written description ol the invention,
should be sent.
For instructions concerning American and
European Patents—Caveats—Re issues— In
terferences—Rejected Cases—Hints on Sell
ing Patents—Rules and Proceedings of the
Rat* nt Office—The New Patent Laws—Ex
aminations— Examinations— Infringements,
ote., etc., send for INSTRUCTION BOOK,
which will be mailed tree, on application. All
business strictly confidential.
Address HHJHN CO.,
Publishers of the Scientific American,
37 Park Row, New York.
Mar Spangled Banner.
THIS favorite family paper take* its 100,000
1 readers by surprise in the issue for Janu
ary, 1872, just rereived. It is enlarged to
same size as N. Y. Ledger, and appears in-an
entire new dress, elegant new headiug, bor
der, type, etc. It contains one-half wore read
ing matter than formerly, and is greatly im
proved in evc-ry resnect. This number can
tains four splendid stories, wit and wisdom,
sketches, knowledge in a nut shell, Money
maker’s mirror, children's department, health
department, farm and farmer, cook’s corner,
ladies boudoir, pen and scissors, chip basket,
and the ‘'Rogue’s Corner," n special feature
of this excellent paper. One thousand swin
dler’s, quacks and humbugs were named and
exposed during 1871. The publishers ot the
"Banner" give a new and superb Prang
Chromo’’and their large and first-class paper
a whole year for only Cts. Try it.—
Copies can be seen at this office, or from any
newsman, or bv sending 6 cents to
STAR SPA XU LED BANNER,
Hi usd.tie, N. H.
The Best Boys"' and Girts' Monthly
Magazine.
DEFORESTS Y01’56 AMERICA.
4 I,WAYS sparkling with interesting sto
ries, poems, music, puzzles, games, trav
els, and other pleasing features, all PRO
FUSELY lI.LI STRATED; and calculated to
amuse, instruct, and elevate the taste of the
young, and make their lives useful, truthful,
and happy.
Single copies, 10 cents, post-free Yearh
?1, or with a choice of the following beauti
ful and valuable premiums to each subscriber,
50 cents extra: a fine parlor chromo, worth
*5. or two interesting Juvenile Books, bound
in cloth and gilt, worth #1.75, post-free; or
a fine pearl-handled two-blade pocket-knife,
and a pallet of best paints, post-free or a
very powerful, brass-mounted, double-cylin
der, ivory-tipped, adjustable microscope,
worth |t, postage 24 cents; or a good Stero
scope, w ith a series of views, postace 18 cts
or an elegant photograph album for holding
60 pictures, postage 16 cents, and valuable
premiums for clubs. Address W. Jennings
IVmorest. MR Rroadwav. New York
81.50. $l5O.
Weekly Wisp Am.
Now is the Time to orm Clubs.
THE BEST amTCHEAPEST
FAMILY rAf’KIl IN THE Wfcsr.
Each number of the Wbkely Wisconsin, contain*
nhort KaltoriAin on th© leading topic© of tit© dav th«
of the ©<*ild for the w«*ek. Agricultural
Coraruen.ini New*. Mtrkeu made up for
tho y.iinri .rt Orgpnal or B©l»ct©d Story, later
©■*tiiig Coirttfeptjijdeiic©, Choic* Po©try, and n
Boys’ and Girls’ Department.
Arnuigi-nunti h»va been mad* to ptibliab ntera
in’ert**liiJK Serial stories during the year, commencing
with
“MATTIE.”
By the author of-A.NNK .lUDGB," an 4 “NO MAN’S
FRIEND
THIRTEEN MONTHS for 81.50
W will bend the Watklv Wtwromin to all new mb
«clibera from the lit of December. 1871. to January
Ist, l©;a, for |l.uU. jncions io l* made oator*-
January Ist, 187'J.
Terms of the Wisconsin:
MKhKLV \\l*t U.V4I.V
1 vopy one year, $1 60
10 copie* 15 00
One copy to getter up of club.
20 copies one jiar 35 0i
Oue copy to getter up of duo.
Additioual copies at rate of tho Club.
bl.MlVtl.l KLY it 18C0.V815.
Published I Wednesdays and Saturdays, containing o
large amount of matter, aud answering the
purpose of a Utnly paptr.
I cory one year 3 00
6 copies jo 60
10 copies M
On» copy to getter np of club.
LVKM.YU \YlhtO\lsl\.
1 copy oae year, by mvil $lO 00
1 copy three mouths, by mail 2 50
All letter* should be addr-seed to
CItAMKH. AIKrt.NS A CRAMER,
Milwaukee, VVI*.
Novenilier 20, 1871. 07
DUBUQUE
DAILY and WEEKLY
TIMISS!
THE NEWSPAPER FOR THE PEOPLE.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS FOR 1872.
Yira would invite the attention of tie People cf
f? lowa, and of the uofthern hn'f of the Mdo iu
particular, mho are now about selecting their
new xpHpt-r* for the enduing yvtu, to an cxHUiinatioi.
of th© columns of
THE DUBUQUE TIMES
A newspiper of high order and superior worth a* a
Business and Family Journal.
The events of the netting year will make it parti--
ulat lj important lor every man in lowa lee iug an In
terest in the sflair* ol the State or Natlori to subscribe
for the Leading State Paper.
SESSION OF CONGRESS
Ciiunot fail to command attention and create (special
iut©r©flt. Much important legislation i» foreshadow
ing, aid A 8 in the case of all eeswioufl preceding the
Presidential C.mtest, tb© disciiioionH will be Yery iu
teres ting. Tub Times has mad.- nr- ang. met ts for lul
accurate prompt report* *»i Congressional proceed
ings.
Karly In January the
STATE LEGISLATURE
M ill meet at Des Moines, aud its session promises to
be a most imporiaut one. Tn* Time* wil I keep at tho
Capital during the entire session a Special Reporter
and also a Corrti pondeut, that «v> ry act o' our Legis
lature ot interest to the people msj appear in its col
umns.
In two or three months after th* close of our Legis
lative Session, wili opeu the
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.
A campaign which gives promise of being fruitful of
interest to the peoplo—during which time no niau can
afford *o be without a leading Political Newspaper.
Thr Time*. In addition to its worth a* a uewspape
will he found a
RELIABLE COMMERCIAL JOURNAL
Giving in each nnmber a full and complete report ot
the Dubuque Wholes* e and Rvtal Market, and Tele
graphic Report* up to the latest hour before going to
press from the Markets of Chicago, New York. Mil
waukee, St. Louis, New Orleans, Liverpool and Lon
don.
We offer tho following
IIIHl(LI) RATE*
with a copy to the person getting np the dub
Fingle Copy fi do
Club of Ten I 76
Clubs of Twenty I 50
Daily Times, one your... $lO <k)
A less time in proportion.
The mammoth sixo of The weekly Times, and it* al
most entire ceatents being reading matter, make these
terms the cheapest io the Northwest, and a* cheap as
any paper iu the United States.
Let every man Republican or Democrat, who like*
a reliable new spaper, a faithful chronicler ot passi g
events, sntiscribe for the Dubuque Dslly or Weekly
Times
28 Hit II A ft VAX, Publisher*.
1837 thk 1872
MILWAUKEE SENTINEL.
THE BF.BT IS THE CHEAPEST
The Milwaukee Sentinel is a Radical Repub
lican newspaper devoted to the dissemination
of correct political principles, and is a firm
supporter of all the reformatory movements ot
the time?. As a NEWs-paper it contains all
thp most importanl intelligence from every
quarter of the civilized globe, and, through
the aid of the telegraph and its sppeial corres
pondents in Europe and at all the principal
cities in this country, its leaders are daily
notified of every transpiring event in which
an intelligent person feels an inlerest. '1 he
daily proceedings of Congress and of the sev
eral Slate legislatures are found in its new?
columns every morning, while the choicest
current literature of this and the Old World is
culled for its pages. Its home market leports
undergo a daily careful revision by a compet
ent editor up to the very latest hour, and ihe
prices in its commercial columns may always
be relied upon as correct.
The Sentinel ha» been enlarged to fen col
umns, and is now the largest aud most com
plete newspaper in the Northwest. It is print
ed with new type on tb' best qua'ity of paper,
and enters upon Ihe New Year with a deter
mination on the part of its conductor? not to
be excelled in any ot it? essential leaturcs by
any journal in the land.
TERM?.
Daily, oh* year SIU 00
-ix months 5 00
»hre« month* 2 50
Tri-Weekly, one year 6 00
six months 2 60
three mouths I 26
Weekly, one yemr 50
A GREAT OFFER.
Only $3 for 911 in Value.
Or, for £4, SIS in Value.
Or, for 93, 926 in Value.
1’ HE beautiful and artistic Chromo, Iss’t
Siik Pr.ETTY V" highlv finished, mounted,
and varnished Size, 18x17, (after Lillie M.
Spencer.) retail price, SB. will be sent hr
mail, securely done up, post-free, as a premi
um to every $8 yearly subscriber to DEMO
RE ST'S MONTHLY, acknowledged the most
beautiful and useful parlor Magazine in Amer
ica. "Isn’t She Pretty V” is a beautitul chro
n.o and splendid Parlor Picture, and a valu
able work of art, worth more than double the
cost of subscription, and, together with
DEMOREST’S MONTHLY, affords an oppor
tunity for the investment of $3 such as may
never occur again or, in place of “Isn’t She
Pretty?” for *1 additional Hiawatha’s Woo
ing, (after J*rome Thompson,) size, 15x25,
price 15, will be sent post free; or both
chromo* and Demorest’s Monthly, for one
j ear for fr>. Hiawatha’s Wooing is an equal
ly splendid work of art, a large and beautiful
chromo. and worth lour Umrs the price charg
ed. Husbands, Fathers, Brothers and Lovers,
do not fail to subscribe for DEMOREST’S
M AGAZINE, and present it with a beautiful
chromo. It will make eyes sparkle with de
light and satisfaction, and prove a monthly
reminder of your good taste and kind feeling.
Address W. Jknmng* Rsviorfst, 838 Broad
way, New York. Copies of the latest num
bers of the Magazine 25 cents each,po«t free.
T I(
FLORAL GUIDE!
For 1879.
THE First Edition of Two Hundred Thou
-1 sand copies just published. It is elegant
ly printed on fine tinted paper, in two colors,
and illustrated with over Three Hundred En
gravings of Flowers and Vegetables, and
TWO COLOKED PLATES.
The most beautiful and instructive Catalogue
and Floral Guide in the world—ll 2 pages,
giving thorough directions for the culture of
Flowers and Vegetables, ornamenting
grounds, making walks. Ac.
A Christmas present for my customers, but
forwarded to auy who apply by mail, for Ten
Cents, only one-quarter the cost.
Addreoa, .I AMEB VICK.
Ilm hesfur. V. V.
STRAY NOTICES.
CTH hY STfcHB —Taken up l«y the subscriber on
land. owned bv bins iu section 23. town 6, range
1, town of Wingville. on or about the Sth day of De
cember, 1871. one red yearling sloer—no mark* Ths
owner in requested to prove property, p«y charge* and
take .aid itrsy sway. HfcNKY OKOY'KNBL'R HI
WmiiYlllt!. Uwrinlar 18th, 1871 20w4*
CIRAY HEIFER.—T**tn up by ilia subscriber on
O laud, occupied by him on sec 19 town of Waterloo
on or about tie* 2i#t day of Dec-mber. 1971, one light
red i c.ler, two year* old past, wbi e bo’ly at.d tail
'lhe owner i> requested to prove pr- prrty. pay charge*
ail I take .aid «tiay away. ROiIKKT U SP.iRK.
Waterloo, December 22, 1871. 30w4*
HORSE—Taken up b» the subscriber on
i; lands owned by bint in the tewuof Potoei ou or
about tbe odd us December, 1371, one bay horae, abou
fire yeara old. Tbe owner is requested to prove prop
erty, pay charges aid take said Mia away.
JACOB WIDMAN.
Britiih Hollow, December 26th, 1881. 30w4*
STRAY' COW.—Taken op by tbe subscriber on laud.
owutd by him iu tbe town of Water 00. about 3
miles aiovu Wilcox s miii n brant rise, on or about
tne nth of Octob r, 1871 one br-wnand white apot
lode w with bine, head and neck, white spot in 'hr
lorehead a> d shell of left horn broken otf. The owner
is requested to prove pit perty, pay ebargea and take
■aid stray aWsy AhhXAMlir R IiAIKK.
H ateriuo, December 16, 187 HNK*
OIRAY COW AND UKiKrtK.—Taa-u up by .be sub
O .<Tiber rmiJiag on section lU, town 4, range 4,
near Greener s sew mill iu the town of Ueetown, on
or shout the gh.h November, iB7l, one white cow,
uoout 7 years <»id, siit hi le't ear also a two year old
belter, most y red, with white on belly The owner is
requested to prove property, pay ebargea and take said
snays away. 18 3. McLEA.N
Be*towu. December 12th. 1971. 29w4*
CG A' —Taken np by tbe subs riber on lands
O owned by him tu t»cti u 4, town 8. iauga l.iuthe
Own of W iugvllie, on or about tbe first lay ot Decern
her. 1871, olio small ba k cow, with o little white
ah ut her teats, points of buth herns broi’en dff, notch
iu hack part ol letl ear, supposed to be u years old,
or more. The owner is requested to prove property,
pay charges and take sail stray away
THuMAS NELSON.
Wingville, December 9th 1871. 29W4*
/lOl.flt STRAYED OR STOLEN —Strayed or stolen
v from the subscriber residing iu the town of Pen
uhuoro, iu the mo th oi April last, two coils—one a
two year otl Ida. k. mare colt, scat on left hind leg;
ihe i,tlier three year old horse cod, llgnt bay or sor
rel, a brown stripe along his back, black mao and
tail. Auv person re timing said cults to me In the
town ot Peouimore or giving information that may
lead to their nco«ery, will be liberally paid lor so do
ing \VM. M. OKIBRi.K.
Pennimore, Decomber 10th, 1871 z9w4'
wTHAY’ I’ObT.—Taken np by the subscriber on lands
O owned by him tu ‘he town of Wyelm-iug, on wr
shout Dec-tuber Bth. 1871, one gray yearliug mare
colt, good size, large star in forehead The owter is
requested lo prove property, pay charges end take -aid
.tray away. ALPKiib SUTTON.
Wyulutmg. December 15th, 1871. 29w4*
COW TRAY ED—Strayed bom the subscriber residing
iu the own of assville, a dark roan c iw, heavily
oullt, one burn broken oil about 8 ymia n,d.
LEOPOLD SENG.
('assville, December loth. 2uwr*
JIRYY HKiKKK.—Taken up by tne Nktctiktr
iy ou lands Owned by him in sectiou 12, town of Bee
town, ou or about tbe Hitb of November, 1871 a two
or three year old dark red heifer, with inward curving
horns; no marks The owner ir requested to prove
pioperty, pay charges and take said «tny ay
ISAAC SUET.. "RD.
Bee town, December 11, 1871. 24*4*
HAY HUIFMt —Taken up by the subscriber on
O lands owned by him on section 7. town of Water
100, ou tbe loth ol November, 1871, one red and white
yearliug heifer, with a bole In left ear. The owner is
requested to prove property, pay charges and rake
sui i stray away. HKTEK KBSKR.
Waterloo. November 27. 28w4
\Y t'Ol.T. -.n np by tbe subscriber on
k 7 laud- owii"d by U.m in the town ol Wya'.uolng. on
or about the 20th of Ni veinber, 1871, ono bay mare
c 'lt, three y.a old. bunch on left foie leg below the
knee, no-limn size Tbe owner is requested to prove
ptope ty, pay cbrrges and take said stray awav
BAMCKL PITZKR.
Brodtvitle, December Bth, 1871. o Hw)
C 6'II Y Hl'KKIi Taken up by the subscriber en
O lands owned by hint on section 15. I -wn of Cass
ville. on or about December Ist, 1871, one yearliug
-teer, small size, rotor of head and neck innst'y red.
body r an or speckled, small ho e or slit in left ear.
The ow ner is requested to prove property,pay charges
aud ta.esaid stray. 0. B. MciJARTNKY.
Cassvilie, December Btb, 1871. 28w4*
STRAY BULL —Taken np by the subscriber on
lands owned by him iu the village ol Hotoai, on
rhe Ist day of Decenteor, 187 i, a dark red two y-nr o'd
bull, white ou bony un i little white along tbe back,
i re, and bole nr right ear. Tbe owner ir requested
o prove property, pay charges and take said stiav
JGRKPJI 11ALL.
Polo.i, December 7. 1871. 28w4
oTK.vY' STEER.—Taken np ty tilt aubatriber on
O land owned by him 2 miles west of Lauca ter, on
or about November 2oib, 1871, one red and white iwo
year old steer, lore le<s red, hind legs white, borne
nearly straight. The owner is requested to prove
property, pay charges and lake said stray awav.
HENRY SUCK.
Lancaster. December 11. 28w4?
AND lIElPER.—Taken np b» the
O subscriber on lauds owned bv him in seriious 8
und i 7, township 8, range I, in the town of Wingville,
ou or about the 28th day of November. 1871, oue
light red steer with white face and some white ou his
I'e ly and ou tbe end of tail no matks, about 2 years
old. smail size also one led and white speckl-d Ueiler
with dark >ed necs aud head, while star In forehead,
"he year old past The owner is requested to prove
property, pay cha.gos and take said strays awar
Joshua batten.
M ingville, Dec 7, 1871. 2Sw4«
W.IKAY MARE—Takeu up by the subscriber on
O lands owned by him in tbs town of Little Grant,
on the Ist diy or December, 1»71, a bright bay mare,
noth hiud feet white and a white strip iu face, about 7
or s years old; had oo at time she was taken up, a
bridle, surcingle anil sheepskin The owner is re
quested to prove property, pay charges and take said
stray away. JAMBS MII.NEK,
Little Grant December 12. 28k4'
<HI'Y lit I.l,.—Taken up by the subscriber in
k? the town of Beetown. on or about the 15th ol
September, 1871, oue red und wh te null, i years old.
The owner is requuered to prove prop- rtv, nay
Charges und fake said stray sway. WM f'KNEY.
lieetow n, December 2d. 1871. 27wl
\Y SI lIIK.-Taken up by the subscriber on
kri lands owned b> him ou sectiou eight lown one,
raevo 2. Jamestown.ou or about November 28th. 1871
one dark bay mare, about 4 years old star in forehead,
black legs Bnid mare came to my place about tbe Ist
of October last.
The ownr: is requested to prOYo properly, pay
rhargts and lake suid stray sway.
MlriilAßL RICHARDS.
Jamestown November 28. 1871. 27w4*
fiTR Yl HOllNK.—Taken up hy the subscriber on
kj lauds owned by him on section 25, town ti. range
6, six tuiles east <1 Batch Grove, ou or about Novem
ber 28,»i871 oue cream colored horse, supposed to be
2 years old past, with black mane aud tail, lump aud
scar on left side.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away. J. J. LAMBERT.
27 w 4
.1H \V Cll.VKß—Tukrn up by the subscriber
residing on section 3, town 4, rang* i, Beetown,
on the 23d day of November. 137!. three steer calves—
one red, one -potted aud one light red; two have slits
in left ear, the other a slit In right ear Tbeowner
tar* quested to prove property, pay charges and take
“sid -trays away. SAMUEL DICKSON.
Beetown, Dc ember 2, 1871. 21jv4*
OTB lY HKIFKK.—Taken up by the subscriber
kl ou laud owued by him on sectiou 18, lu the town
Waterloo, November lOlb, >B7l, one black and wbi’s
year iug heifer w i h a slit iu I alt ear. The owner is
requested to prove property, pav charg -s and take
stray away. MICHAEL K.SPKR,
Walerooo, November 27, 1871. 27 w4*
QTRAY HEIFER. Taken np by the subscriber on
tj lauds own d by him about 2 mi es south of blootu
ington on cr about the Ist of November, 1871, a two
year old heifer, dark red with u«b of tali white and
sonic white in flank. The owner is requested to prove
property pay charges and take said stray away
JACOB SCHREINER.
Bloomington, December 4, I*7l. 27w4*
STRAY' BTEER.—Taken up by the subscriber on
lands owned by bini in section 38 town 8, range
I, town of WI 'gvibe. ou or abont November 21, 'B7l.
one light red steer, about 1 year old; no ms ks Tltn
owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away. HARVEY DUNN.
Wingville. November 30, 1871. 27w4*
S'IKYY RI'KKRW.-Taken up by the subscriber
on lands occupied by lum ou section 29 tu the
town of Paris, on or about the 18th day of November,
1871. three yearling steers—nas red with a white face;
O ie b'ack with white m rks on the head and breast,
an t the other red and white speckled.
Tils owner is requested to prove property, pay charms
and take said strays away G. P. BCHKLLKK.
DiekevvUle, November 31st. 1871. 27 w4*
I II A Y HKIFRtI —Taken up by Ik*Mbs
sj lands uwn"d by himthr.se miles west of Bloom
ington, W|s, one white and red nmly heifer also a
red and white heifer, underbit In both ears, supposed
to be 2 years old.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charge*
and take said strays away GKO. '.V LEE
Bloomington, November 27, 1871 27 w4*
C»TKAY BTKER.—Taken no by the subacriber on
O lands owned by him on Sea. 4 in the town of Kt
lenboroon or about the 30th dav of November.lß7t.one
r*<l ami white spotted yearling *teer. no mnrlu The
owner i« r-que«te<l to prove ;ro>erty, pay chaigca
and take laid stray away. J A MKB MoOORUI K.
December 6th 2Tw4*
FAIRPLAY MINING LEVEL COMPANY
None* ta hereby (riven to wh-'m it may concern,
that all remaining unpaid as-M'-sm-nt# upon *baros io
said company which were die- on the lith day of Joly
last will tie sold *t pablle eaia at the companv'a of
lice in the Tillage of Falrp'ay. Grant county Wlecoo
»ln,on he afternoon of .'Saturday, the 20th day of Jan
uary. I Kid, between the hoora of one and two o'clock
of sai l day.
By order of the Board of Directors of aaid Co.
R M HKXDKKtfON, Sec’y,
Fairp'ay, December 16, 1671. 2s*td
A HAKE BAKGAIN—OnIy 81160
will purchase a farm of 80 acres two and a
half miles from Lancaster. SBOO required
down, balance on long time. For further
particulars address or call on
27tf JOSEPH BOCK,
Ofßce ever Hyland A Holloway Bank.
GFORGE T7wALKEH,
(fieri! Agent for Craot Ihu Lafayette Canities for
HOWE SEWING MACHINE,
Steinway. Chlckering, Groreetetn, Fuller A Co's
PIANOS, PRINCE’S ORGANS AND MEIQDEONS
«2-ao L4Ncapt*r. Wisconsin,
A Dollar Saved
Is A Dollar Earned!
HCY YOUR HOODS OK*
PARKER S HILDEBRAND
WHO HAV K c> V HAND
The Largest Stock of Fall and Winter Goods
EVKR BROUGHT 1 TO GHANT COUNTY!
STAPLE DRY GOODS,
Fancy Dress Goods, Silks, Poplins, Mohairs, Alpaccas.
1111 STOCK OF FUME ill IBIS.
AOBiNTW FOR THE H.VIrK OK LANCAS’I'KK OOODH.
MAMMOTH STOCK. OF BOOTS AND SHOES.
Full line oi Bradtey Metcalf Custom Work. HATS, CAPS and Crockery ware.—
Selling GROCERIES FEARFULLY LOW 1 Good Gunpowder Tea #1 per pound. A
Dollar saved is a Dollar made Don’t buy till you have called oil
PARKER HILDEBRAND.
BotcobCL, September 11, 1871. 4gtf
GUSTAV MEYF.iI. EDWARD MF.YSR
METES BROS.,
itoM'oisrx.
WINTER TRADE
A Beautiful Line
~r
m m ni
FURS!
MINK,
CONEY,
&c.
LADIES KIDS!
All Colors
GKEOSTT’S
GLOVES!!
Kid,
Dogskin,
Buck.
Ladies’ and Gent’s
RUBBER GOODS!
Arties,
Warm Overs,
&c. &c.
Ladies’ and iieni’s
S H A W L St
UNDERWEAR
"SPECIALITY."
OVEMBER
AND
DECEMBER.
BOSCOBKL, November 13, 1971. 40tf
Special Notice!
CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR’S
GIFTSi
R. E. MURPHEY,
J EW ELER.
I im row receiving *<m-' nice goo 1* for the
HOLIDAY TRADE!
to which I would invit** the attention of my |>atronn
and the public My stock this *«a*on i« morp
FULL AND COMPLETE
than ever. lam extending my facilities for business
in New Tork and Chicago, and can (111 orders for any
article in my line at a moderate advance from first
hands.
Specialties this reason in
Silver Plated Ware!
Also a small assortment of MCMICAAI. UOXKM,
one to four tnuee, and at small cost
gw.Best Italian Yio in Strings, Bows, Bridget and
all (lie fixtures.
R. E MURPHEY,
Jeweler and atchmaker,
»*2 I, iNCAsI Ml. H Ik.
E. A. MAKER,
DENTIST.
HAVING located in the Vll'agecf BLOOM INTO.*,’,
Is now prepared to attend to all work io hi* doe.
*»-ARTIFICIAL TIKTH inserted on Rnbber. Satis
isction gunran red. AarCbarge* moderate "4*
Bloomington, a t« Dec, 14. 26 w 4
F. F. ADAMS’
MW SMOKING
I TOBACCO!
FORTY tTB. JPICK I J iUNU,
AT L. K/. SMITHS’
In Ha liter’s Drug Shirs. Wnd
STOCK FARM FOR SALE.
The underelgnral offer* for ulo hit farm, 2V6 wile*
below the village of Caeaville, in the town ot Caatvill*.
Grant county, iVi*. The above farm conalei- of the
•"nth ball of lection 27. town 3, rang* 6; i* welt wa
tered by aeveral largo *prlng* and lirook*; 200 acre*
of it nnder fence, and 80 acre* under cultivation; a
young, thrifty orchard of 250 tree* on the p rml.ee; a too
a young Nurtey of about 75,000 young (one and two
year old) tree* started a comfortable brick dwelling
and pledty ol good outbuildings on the place. The
building i* beautifully tituated to command a view of
the Miindtvippi river and th* Dnbaquo and Minnesota
Railroad for 16 mile* up and down the river. THIS
18 THK PLACK YVHKRK 1 RAIBKD THOBR I.ARON
V ATKRMKLONB! The place i* untnrpaued in Grant
county for a Stock Farm 1 wltt tell the above place
either with or wlthont Stock aud farm Implement*.
Term*—One-third of the purchase money down, th*
oalance on time to enlt purchaser.
JOHN H. C. SNBCLODE
Dated Caßaville, January 27. 1871. 35tf
HOTEL STAND.
For Sale or Rent.
YYlilting to engage in other liueineei,my well known
hotel itand In Uoutfort i* offered for iafe. The hotel
in complete repair, newly painted and well furuinh.
ed. There are three acre* of laud, thereou a never
l.iliug spring and two good wells also an orchard of
80 l euriug treat. Oue of the best tavern barn* in the
country—large and conveniently arranged ala" gra
nary and nhtddiug. This i* the beat country etan I
fur kuaiueaa between Madieon and the river. 1 will
tell the property imludiug the furniture and fixtures,
lor s36oo—hall caeh, balance ou time. Po.eemlae
given April l»t, 1872. Hero i* “buciues*'' for any
man who wanla to make a paying investment.
JOHN BTBVKNB.
Mon Dor t, Wl*., Nov. 20, 1871. 28m4
STOCK and DAIRY FARM
FOli SALE.
lii tba town of Bloomiugitm, coDtaininc 200 aerw, all
tancad, 10 ikcrttv of wblcli >m Grove timbar, the balaD* a
plow land, luaaUow nnd pantur**, with aeveral good
tpringa of water. Comtortable frame dwelling
on, alao granary, atable and other outhulldtngH. The
p'are la I>« tui>n from the village of Blootnlngtou,
Id from Bridgeport, 11 from Gleu ilavon and 13 from
Lai i cat ter.
Price, sl7 per acre, half cash, balance ou time to
-nit purch:i*»er. For further particaiara apply lo
Dan'l Htadley ot» the farm, or James lUHeiiMue,
Bloomington, Wi*., Hept. 16,1871. 16m3
Timber Lot For Sale.
The subscriber offer* the timber lot for *al* •ituate
as follow s, being the Welt half of the Southwrat qnar
ter of B*ction six, Town five, Range four m th* town
of Little Grant, Grant 00, Wl*., ronUinlng eighty
acre* of land, well timbered and watered. Price #l6.
per acre. Auy peraon desiring to purchase can call on
fliomte Sloan or Alexander Paul in Patch Grove or
address me by letter at Watson, Del. 00., N. Y.
Term* ol Snle.one thiid of the purchase money to
be paid on de'ivery of the warranty deed the balance
in Iwo or three yearly payments on approved notes
with annual interest. HOKKKT IP BLOAN.
Walton, X. Y\, Nov. Bth, 1871. 25tl*om
MILL PROPERTY Tor Sale.
I will sell my mill site in the town of Blue River
Grant county, on the Fenniruore fork of the Blue,
on easy terms, to any one who wishes to build a mill,
'ly grist mill, known as the Badger City Mills, bnrued
last Spriug, and 1 do not feel able to rebuild. The
property comprises an 80 acre tract iu section 18; 80
teres improved thereou a frame dwelling, stabling
Ac. Adam and plenty of water will also sell with
Mi •property a 4 ft. Turbine Wheel and other parts of
the machinery saved frent the fire. The mill site is
m* of the best in the country for custom or merchant
work. J. N. WALKER.
Blue River, September 20,1871. 23.11 tr
STOCK tu DAIRY FARM
FOR SALE.
The subscri) ei will sell his stock farm, situated six
mil north of the village oi Lancaster aud six mile*
south-west of Fenuimore Centre, consisting of 341
acres—sixty acres us which it timber, the balance
plow land, meadow and pasture, with a stream ol
water running through the center. Thereou a large
Iroine house with good collar u large frame barn with
underground stable; also aspring house. Good school
near by and excellent neighborhood Price, #26 par
acre. DANIEL rKOUDPIXT
Lancaster, April 19,1870.
OVERCOATS
Farm for Sale.
1 offer for sale my farm of 160 acres, situated In the
town of Waterloo, 3 miles from Beetown on the Case
villeroad; 5« acres under cultiration plenty of tim
ber and bottom laud; watered by three spring*.
The farm Is wsli adapted for nock raising, and in sit
uated within 2 miloe of two grist mills. Is alao good
mineral bearing A house, log stable and outhouses
thereon, Terms reasonable.
Mrs. MARGARET McDONALD.
Waterloo, Nov. fi, 1871. 2Cm4
160 Acre Farm for Sale!
The undersigned will sell the property known as
"part of the Burnett Farm,” situated within half a
mile of the village of Mount Hope. There are W acres
under cultivation—new grnnnd and will fenced Halt'
the balance is heavy timber; the remainder good till
able land Convenient to a good school. Good sprint
on the premises, For terms apply to the nnderslgiie-1
two miles east of the village of Mount Hope.
October 2,1871. llitf M. McNAMKK.
FARM FOR SALE.
My form of 75 acres situated on section 6, town ot
Lima, is offered for sal*. 40 acres under cultivation
balance good Umber; well watered; lug dwelliug,
stable Ac.on the premises. The property is located on
the Platievllle and Annaton road, near a school honse
and grist mills Good range for sloes. Will sell on easy
terms. Apply to mo on the farni.
HKNIIY WOFFENBCHMIDT.
Lima, October Cth, 1871. 18m i*
LANDS FOR SALE
IN PARCELS.
TheLamis of Joseph Horner—about 600 acres are
for sale. Apply to J. Allen Barber, bis Attorney, Lan
caster, Wis. 80 ts
FOR. Sj3LI_.ES,
A tract of valuable TIMBJCR LAND Jn the town ot
Paris. Apply to the undersigned !n the village of
Ha/,el Green Mrs. B. KKIKBTKCK.
September 26‘ 1871 23-17tf
PIANO TUNER.
TVTR,. BOSS
of Mineral Point, begs to announce that he Is pre
pared to
Tune and Adjust Pianoß
for parties residing io lowa, Grant and Lafayette
counties, and all other places where his services may
be required Will be in all the neighboring towns
once every mouth.
We are now dealing quits extensively in all kinds of
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS!
andean supply parties with tverything in the way o
instruments, fixtures, etc. Also, Instruments to rent
The Old “SINGER,”
which is at the bead of the sewing machine family, le
a. usual sold by us. DAVIS A ROSS.
Mineral Point, October 30,1871. 22tf
TAILORING
and Gents Furnishing Store
By ED. HITE.
The subscriber has opened a tailoring and clothing
store in tho' NKW WRIGHT BLOCK,”
Cor. Main and Main *t, LANCASTER,
And will k*np constantly on hand a full assortment cf
CASSIMERES,
cloths, beaver*, doeskin*
Ready Made Clothing
Ls late Style* and marketable quality—cheap for rath
I Special attention given to cutting and fitting aooordiug
to the latest styles 21-Its
FRANK BIELHARZ,
Cassville, Wisconsin,
PhiLIK I*l
i FURNITURE
Of A. 11 Kinds.
LERKP on hand a fnll assortment es Furniture**-
the PARLOR. KITCHEN or OFFIJ* use. Prices
•enable. Repairing <W>o op tin** rvee-w. ISjt
r*sevilla. Angtist^OWV