#11%
ds m
Awfv^^^^TISEfr
ALEXANDRIA VAT
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1.
The Virginia Star makes an appeal "to those
of our fellow citizens who liave come Irom
abroad, or other portions of this country, to
make Virginia their home, to stand side by
side with us in the preseut political contest.?
They arc as much a part and parcel of us as
il they had beeu born here. They arc
solid settlers, and have been adopted unto our
tribe. They are generally property holders,
and are engaged in business. It is to their interest
to help to save Virginia, where they expect
to live and die, leaving sons and daughters
behind them, from the grasp of the leaders of
the Radical parti*.
In thinking about the Election which will
take place next week, let us remember, says
the Richmond Enquirer, what we have at
stake"The control of the legislative power
of the State for two years. The proper administration
of the civil and criminal law lor six
rPl..-v r?r flio
J'l'vlTS. J. IIU V^ULllLLlUli UV.I1 UU1 v? t?v
State. The State and county taxation. The
redistricting of the State for representatives in
Congress. The University and the Military
Institute. The Land Scrip."
Tlie Washington Star of yesterday afternoon
contained the following:?"An investigation
into the accounts of Invalid Pension Agent W.
F. Forbes, of Philadelphia, develops the fact
that he is a defaulter to the Government to
the amount of about $25,000. At the instance
of Gen. Baker, Commissioner of Pensions, the
President yesterday suspended Foibes, and he
will doubtless, be arrested to-night. lie is a lawyer
by profession, a fine speaker, a man of
wealth, served in the army during the war, and
has heretofore occupied a high social position."
It is now said, on what authority we do not
know, that slavery in Brazil is by no means yet
completely abolished. The law of September
27, docs no more than give freedom to the
slaves of the Crown and of religious communities,
and the colored ^prisoners in the State
prisons and mines. These include but a small
part of the slave population, and further legislation
is needed to complete the work of emancipation.
That this legislation wiil be granted
in tiiuc is not doubtful,.
There are many dreadful accounts published
relative to the late fires in Wisconsin. One is
that to escape being burned alive persons committed
suicide by shooting themselves; another
is that a man killed his wife and children and
himself to prevent destruction by fire; another
is that in a village three hundred houses were
in flames in five minutes after the fire commenced.
May we not hope that these accounts are
exaggerated.
There was 110 litttlo curiosity at the Internal
Revenue Office yesterday to know the meaning
of the sudden appearance in the Commissioner's
office of the Collector of the Sc-coud District
of Maryland, with the gentlemen who are
his official sureties, and the long conference
that took place there. There were rumors of
some kind of a financial complication.
The Washington Correspondent of the Baltimore
Sun says:?"It is said that Attorney i
General Akerman informed the President to- 1
day that the punishment of corrupt officials in
the South was necessary to the success of the
republican party iu that section, and should go
hand-in hand with the destruction of the KuKlux;
otherwise there would be nothing of the
party left in a short time."
Attorney General Akerman, who has just returned
to Washington from South Carolina,
makes a statement regarding the operations of
the Ku-Klux in the district embraced by the
President's proclamation, justifying that proclamation.
His course is approved by the President,
and he is told to "go ahead!" Certainly
The Secretary of the Interior, yesterday, telegraphed
to Gen. Walker, special commissioner
sent to the Sioux Indians to ascertain their
grounds of complaint against the government,
suggesting that it would be well to send to several
of the Sioux chiefs who have complaints to
make, and have a "talk" with them.
The recent elections in the State of West
Virginia have resulted in the general success
of the Democratic nominees. In many instances
there was but little opposition, and, what
may seem somewhat remarkable, many of the
colored people gave support to the Democratic
candidates.
It was rumored in New York yesterday that
Tweed has resigned as a candidate for the
State Senate and the office of Commissioner of
i> nr. \\r 1 J .1... At I
ruouc >V OrKS, nnu llliU .uur^iiu "Uin-M nuuiu
bo his successor in the nomination for Senator:
but we have nothing to-day continuing the
report.
The Kansas City Times gives an account of
the sumuiar)' manner in which Gen. Sheridan,
upon finding out that a hotel keeper in Chicago
was inflicting extortionate charges upon his
guests, put the hotel keeper "down," and his
prices also.
The Washington Chronicle is circulating a
report that arms and ammunition are beiug
secretly sent from New York to the South.
This is all in) the interest of the Ivu Kiux game
Senator Scott, chairman of the Joint Select
Committee on lvu Kluxisw, arrived in Washington
yesterday. lie will at once commence
work on his report to Congress.
IT. S. troops have been sent, at the request
of the citizens of Chicago, to act as a guard J
lor the protection of property, See.
A LEX AND!
Frauds '"to the right of us"?frauds uto tlie
left oi'us." Every day brings the development
of some new fraud?some fresh rascality?souic
reported villainy. The money of the public appears
to be kept in an open bag, into which
every rascal who has access to it, thrusts his
arm up to his shoulder, and brings out all lie
can grab. We say every rascal: because iu the
midst of the general depravity and demoralization
there arc honest men?bright examples?
who will not steal, or cheat, or lie. Let these
men be duly honored for the contrast they present
to others who will steal, and cheat, and lie,
and "default" to the amount of hundreds of
thousands?nay, it seems, in some eases, millions.
The British War Department publishes the
now regulations made to carry out the provi
sions of the bill for the abolition of the purchase
system in the army. The feature of the
regulations is the rigid examination which all
..,1,1 nilIw.t'rivo flinv ran
I J M ILUil I ai\i lUVjUHV^va IV MViV'? V v*.~j vxu
receive military commissions.
A collision is likely to occur between the executive
and judicial authorities, in Pennsylvania,
now before the Court of Chancery, involving
the validity of the charter of the Herman Valley
railroad project of the national air line road.
The Coventor says that the bill never had executive
sanction.
It is said that warrants have been issued
against the "late" Cov. Bullock, of Ca., for his
arrest in New York. There are heavy charges
against him.
The Cincinnati Kiupiirer expresses its preference
for Thomas A. Scott, of Pennsylvania,
as next President of the I nited State
The very best of corn fatted hogs arc now
offered to buyers, at Cumberland, Aid., at
per 1<)<> lbs gross.
Leonard Scott A Co., New ork.have is>ucd
the October number of the British Quarterly
Review. Contents: Dr. Carl Ullmau Aerial
Voyages Karly sufferings ot the Free Church
of Scotland; the Romance of the Rose; Letters
and Letter Writing; Wesley and Wesleyanism:
Dr. Darwin on the Origin of Alan; The Session;
Contemporary Literature.
i :v. of nit; i.
To show th> crry n(/'-iiittl of >'iu it mm.
Fiditcou hundred sheep ami six horses
brought through from Canada by lliggs and
McFarland were seized last night at White
Kiver .Junction,by Customs' Orticer (biff of.St.
Albans, for undervaluation. The train on
which they were had backed over from West
Lebanon and was about to start. Twelve car
loads were seized at i vox bury. The work was
done so quickly and quietly that none but the
owners and the railroad men arc yet a ware
of it.
Kiiza S. Donnell, iu New Turk, is suing for
the estate of her husband, valued tit 1?.??),iumi.
A brother of the latter contests. The question
involved is whether a woman is legally married
who lives with a man several years, has three
children, and always acknowledged as a wife although
no formal marriage, either by clergyman
or justice, took place.
A gentleman from Southern Missouri reports
that ou the I'l'd. one James Trotteu was
murdered near Indian Ford. Butler county, by
a man named l>yer, who approached his victim
from behind, and with a cleaver nearly cut
his head oil" at one blow. Trotten's alleged offence
was cohabiting with a crazy woman.
Dyer fled, and has not been caught.
The New York Tribune gives an account of
the Fviissiau invasion and annexation of Dzoun
garia, on the northern slopes of thcTian-Chian
mountains. Almost without exciting the attention
of the world, the army of the Czar has
incorporated iuto his dominions a territory
twice as large as Ireland, rich in mineral and
agricultural resources.
The annual salary of the siuccurists who
have already been dismissed by Comptroller
Green, of New Tork, since his induction into
the place of Mr. Connolly, is $82,UW, and the
good work is not done yet. It is only begun.
It is said that a dash will be made in other
cities upon sinecure office holders, by muni-1
cipal authorities and the general government.
The U. S. steam frigate Franklin, which
has been stationed in Europe fur some time
pastas flagship of the squadron, arrived at
Boston yesterday. She encouutered heavy
gales during the entire passage across the Atlantic,
and was compelled to obtain a supply of
coal at Halifax. The officers and crew are all
well.
The crew ot the steamer Mary Boyd mutinied
at Memphis yesterday. An attack was
made on the mate, who shot a negro named
John Killon twice severely. The timely arrival
of the police saved the mate's life. Several
ot the rioters have beeu arrested but the
ringleaders escaped.
The Gypsy parliament, whieh meets once
every seven years, aud consists ot delegates
troin all the countries ot Europe,is expected to
assemble soon near Caustatt. iu Germany.
The king of this nomadic race is one Joseph
Reiuhard, who has reached the venerable age
of ninety-eight years.
Dr. Mary C. Putuian, daughter of the wellknowu
Now Y ork publisher of that name, who
not long ago, graduated with very high honors
from the Diversity of Paris, aud subsequently
did noble and effective service in the French
Sanitary Commission, is now practising in New
York.
It is boiievod iu Toronto that the Canadian
Government will make no demand lor the restitution
of the Gloucester schooner Ilorton, as
she had not been condemned by its Courts;
and as she had been taken out of their jurisdiction
there is uo case.
The Cabinet meeting yesterday discussed the
subjects of the Ku-K lux and the condition of
affairs in Utah. Additional troops will bo sent
to Fait Lake, if necessary, to prevent- any hostile
Mormon demonstrations.
The recent advance in freights East makes
the rates tor flour from Ft. Louis to Baltimore
$1.30 per barrel, and i'or grain Oocts. per 100
pounds, and from East Ft.. Louis Sl.lS per
barrel for flour, and 50 cts for grain.
The everlasting McGarraghan claim is soon
to make another appearance at the Interior
Department, in an application by the New
Idria Mining Company for a patent covering the
Pauoclio Grand Ranche.
The return of the Fpanish frigate Zaragoza
from 1 Iavana to Port-au-Prince will probably
bring affairs to a crisis in regard to the blockaded
steamship Hornet.
The Milwaukee Committee announce that
they now have an ample supply of clothing for
the'suflerers by the tires in Michigan and Wis- I
2onsin. Money is now the greatest need.
Y esterday was the three hundred and fifty-1
fourth anuiversary of the Lutheran festival of
the Reformation, and was celebrated in many
af the Lutheran churches in this country.
11A GAZETTE AN
vuuaM v XK1VS.
A letter from Rockbridge county says :?"A
correspondent at Lexington writes as follows,
under date of thctiTth instant :?"Polities are
raying high in our county, and we will have an
exciting race for the Legislature. I'r. (Ira
ham. our representative last ses.-iuii. is an inde-
pendent candidate." j
The State Agricultural l'air commenced in
Richmond wester lay. There was a large crowd
in attendance. The show of horses, cattle.
fowls, implements, fancy articles, Ac., was very
good. .Mr. Hulany, of Loudoun, exhibits a 1
magnificent Mack hoar, of the Ks.-vx breed, 1
which will weigh iji.K) pounds.
On Tuesday of last week, about dark, tic 1
harn of Mr. Silas Vance about one and a half
miles North of Mt. Solon, Augusta county.
was struck by lightning and consumed, with nil
his hay and straw, and his granary containing
about fifty bushels of wheat. His entire loss
will be near 1 cOO.
''Montgomery Hall," the farm of Mr. Win.
J. Shumate, adjacent to the Corporation limits
of Staunton, containing lot) acres, was sold on
Wednesday last, to Win. W. Honaghe, Sr..
for the sum of $1 W.ifiMi?being at the rate of
s 1 per acre. This is considered a good sale.
The Forty-second Annual Session of the
.Methodist Protestant Conference in Virginia
will convene in the church of that denomination
at Norfolk on Thursday, (to-morrow,) November
I'd.
PlTTSVl.YAXrA ColWTY PoUTirS.?'There
was speak ill:; at Hanvillo Va., on r lit' ult.
and the JullmviuL' account is published iiij'tiic
newspapers
"Major fSuthcrlin said this was a incetintr of
all parties, and that ho appeared as a candidate
n<it of'his own choice, hut because he was called
hy the unanimous vote of the party to hear
their standard that we seek to defeat the
Uadical party in Virginia, because we believe i
it intends to destroy our own best interests, as
we have seen it exemplified here in Pittsylvania
county. He cited Thayer, the lirst Uadical
leader here, who not his pockets lillo>l and
left. Leahy fills his pockets with slT.uou of
the people's money, ami he troes to California;
and now boyd takes his stand and proposes to
represent the people. Mr. heeler, the Had
ical postmaster here, felt it his duty to denounce
him. not as incompetent, but for stealing.
lie had doeuments to prove that Mr.
Max li. ijoyd was turned out of three revenue
oflicesfor mjrucryaud foreonduet that would di-nraec
the meanest black man in Hanville. Maj. 1
S. read a letter from Mr. 10. Pendleton of Uotetourt,
ill which he stated that LovJ came to
Fineastle as a teacher and missionary, seduced
one of hi< scholars, and deserted her and the
child. Maddox. the second man on the ticket,
was indicted for stealing a "Ice.' trou.irh."
Captain Hrecti addressed the mectim.'. He 1
>howe?i bovd and Maddox iu.-t as tlmv are
i'-^-i- .i i
11)lews. .uauoox not. oniy stoic mo nog- i
trough but put a negro up to steal corn, and
when about to In1 caught, informed on the negro.
lie n!>o sold hini-cif to Jjcahv fur three
dollar- a day. in order to sit on the court and
accept Leahy's hond. which was worthless.?
He al>o not only stole money from Colonel
Ilerger. hut forged a letter, on which lie got
and had to give it up to escape tin- petii-
tentiary." i his is very plain talking.
CoN('F.NTRATt<">N OK PKOI'KKTV IN ENCl.ANJi
AM" SooTLANP.?In England one-half of all
the land is now owned by less than a hundred
and fifty persons, while the remainder is distributed
among three hundred and fifty thousand.
Half of the land of Scotland belongs to
only a dozen owners. Nine members of the
House of Lords own more property than any
ninety members of the House of Commons. 1
These nine members are the Dukes of Bedford
and of Portland, the .Marquises of Exeter, of
Salisbury, of Northampton, of Westminster
and of Camden. Earl Craven and Baron Port- 1
man. The Duke of Buccleuch is the owner of
more lordly residences than any other person
in England, the Queen not excepted. The
latter possesses five residences, while the Duke
of Buccleuch alternately inhabits Montague
House (London.) Richmond (Surrey.) Boughton
(Northampton,) Dalkeith. Drumlaurig and
Bowhill, in Scotland?six altogether. Before
1 s;,s Lord W. Cavendish. Duke of Devon,
whose e-tate was divided after he died, could
boast of seven such palatial residences, and the
Duke of Sutherland has four.
The Marquis of Westminster owns the entire
quarter in London called Westminster, and his
annual rent amounts to halt a million pounds
sterling,?and he is in arrears to his hanker.
A Rich Concert Rkess.?Mrs. Mnultnn.
at a concert a few evenings since in Hartford,
Conn., wore one of the most elegant concert
dresses ever seen in that city. It was a heavy
silk, of .that peculiar green color known as Kau
de Nile, made with a full court train: the skirt
was covered with deep point dc Venisc. looped
up at the sides; the bottom was finished with
a flounce of silk, over which fell another of the
same width of lace, and the top was finish-
ed with a cordon of bouilleinc, over which was
another row of lacc, similar to that on the skirt;
the corsage was cut decollete, with trimmings
of lace, and very short sleeves. Around her
neck she wore a band of large diamonds and a
chain of pearls, which fell in festoons and was
caught up at the right side by a large diamond
pin. She wore long white kid gloves, and one
arm near the shoulder was encircled by a magnificent
jewelled serpent. Her hair was dressed
with white flowers, mingled with diamonds, and
the entire costume presented an decant appearance.
She was the recipient of four magnifi- j
cent baskets of choice flowers, which came from
the richest private conservatories in town, one i
from Ho v. Jewell.
T- C>.-. /I ti T._ 1
I MTEIi oTAlr.S V I K< I II VA'i 111.?-JUdge
Bond presiding.?The following l.iu>iii?.*>s was
transacted in this court yesterday i
The habeas corpus case oi' James Shclton. i
who was found guilty of petty larceny, and
sentenced to tlirec months' confinement, in
(loochland county, heretofore discharged by i
Judge Underwood on a writ of habeas corpus, i
on the ground that colored men were excluded i
from the jury which tried him. was argued i
upon an appeal from Judge 1 uderwood's do- t
cision. The court reserved its decision in the
case.
The case of the I uited States vs. Thomas t
B. Bigger, former postmaster of Richmond, in
which a judgment was rendered on Saturday
last, lor a fraction over Sli. 'uKf, was heard tip- i
on a motion for a new trial. By consent, a i
new trial was granted, and the jmy found a
verdict for plaintiff of "?.(xhi. with interest.
t
The Races.?The I'imlico races were con- t
eluded yesterday. Four races were run?the I
first, a two mile dash, over eight hurdles, open
to all ages, was won by l>iek Jackson, owned t
by A. Taylor, his only competitor being Astronomer.
a three-year-old colt?time. -1:17.
The second race a dash of one mile for two- 1
year-olds: three horses were entered: the race t
was won.by Joe haniels?time, 1:4 J. The t
third race was for the Consolation Stakes, open 1
to all horses beaten during the meeting, was v
won by Alroy. a three-year-old colt owned by ii
Jos. J'onohuc. The fourth race, for the 11 audi- t
cap ptir.se open to all ages, two-mile
heats, was won by Conductor, owned by K. v
1 bibcock, in three beats, over eight competitors.
The time of the first heat was 3:5oj: of
the second 3:51 L and of the la>t 4:oU;.? I
li'ilttniore Am> ru tin. t
The report of the arrest of Mrs. Rath at
Lawrence. Kansas, for alleged complicity in s
poisoning her husband by l'r. Medlieotr, is I
continued. She is now in jail. a
D VIRGINIA AD
Lollcr from Danville. Va.
Correspondence of the Alex:iin 1 ria Gazette.]
IU.nvim.e, Va., Oct. .'Hk?For some days
>ast tliere has lict-n a general fluttering in, and
i general fluttering out, of country damsels.
\11 this c??inmotion was caused by the 'Rordor
Ygricuhural Fair" being in progress at this
iilace. The fair (or as it i> piv?ti<lUticed in the
lialect of this section. '"'1 he Far) is a great in-titution:
it takes place annually, and serves to
iiivuk. most effectually, the monotony ut' Danfiile
life. Tht: lair ground is the Mecca ol
many young Virginians and North Carolinians
?f l.'Otli sexes. Here they are permitted to
meet and exchange greetings; and many are
the matches that are made up on the fair
ground, fhe ground is situated south of the
town, on the hank of the Dan river; it is well
laid olf. finely >iruated. and prevents a neat appearance.
The prominent features of the fair
this season were, the presentation of a Hag to
the Danville Grays by the ladies of Danville,
horse racing, tournament, general fun. and no
end to Hitting and courting. Fonie Cherokee
Indians were expected, but did not arrive. The
militia presented a fine .appearance, and the
Hag given by the fair ladies was a most beautifully
gotten up affair. The address was delivered
by Col. (reo. Cabell. I he number of
horses was smaller than thatof la-t year. The
best time made was two. forty-nine.
The Knights at the tournament rode "long
and well," and received the smiles of many of
out'beauties, who were perched gracefully up
,1... 111111 r i ,*i |.;i rritl ifi>< \iilinilc
nil 111' H/JT "I V v-? ...r w.
slid oil ;md uveryihiuir w? lit on Wi ll. The fair
this year was not so irooil as the one last
year. The average of fancy and needle work was
poor. Several kind.* of sewinir machine.- were
I'xhihited. and di-|?la\*?j?l hy skillful operators,
hut the W heeler A W ilson seemed to he the
eeridal favorite. We noticed sonic line furnilure,
also soitie fine -addles. etc. Some ploughs,
tohaeeo presses. IVuit trees, and a stump extractor,
were exhibited. Some specimens of
preserves, wine?, etc.. pl'e-ented, Were line
looking, and were most ereditahle to the skillful
hands that put them up. There were over a
hundred specimens of leaf tobacco. This is our
ereat Ihrte. and in thi> particular our planters
tried to oiu vie each other in excellence. The
tohaeeo was of splendid quality. Ii;i"!y cured: heilie
the exact color o| the blonde tres.-cs nf
some of nur c'l'ls. Imleed the planters seemed
to fondle and rare--the hrieht leaves with as
much ardor and veneration a< a lover would
I he lone kicks of his eoldett haired mistress.
This is a pleasant fancy not to say a poetical
one. hut it i- soon broken by the hu-ky voice
of a roilirIt lookine planter at your elbow, ejactiInline,
"this here tohaeeo will make line kivers
and wrappers."
The poultry department was ,-liui. and had
hut few representative- the leathered tribe.
We noticed a frame rooster or two, some ban
tarns, and a pair of forlorn looking mti<covy
dtiek*; "only this and nothing more'" in all
ahoul one dozen and a half. There were some
li|oiMled cattle present. The hor-e.- were f w
and umiiij 'iriant. A few eoud hoir.-..-oiwe of the
loiuf nose or peach orchard stock, put in tin
appearance.
W e have no ik-ire to ventilate our views,
like uncle Horace Hreeley. as to "what we
know about fa rutin:;." hut we Venture to say
that in point of agriculture, our Fairfax, Loudoun
and Alexandria farmers irixtntly surpass
these "Jjorder" Knights of the I'louah, omittimr.
as a matter of course, tin; trr.-at product
of this portion of the Stare, tobacco, of the culture
of which plant our Northern Virginia
fanners know absolutely nothing. It appears
that our Pittsylvania fanners and
planters do riot plough deep enough.?
Time and again have we watched the sturdy
farmers of Loudoun, with their powerful
horses hitched to a plough that- a man
ijoiiltl hardly swing, tearing tip the ground on
the mountain side. And we have noticed
ploughing in this county, and in our humble
judgment the claws of ail old turkey gohler
drawn over the irround by his tail would produce
as much effect. Another great draw hack
to Agriculture in our State, and more especially
in this portion of it, is t he lamentable fact
that our young men do not like hard work
more than other people do. They all want
to he shop keepers. To measure tape and chat
with the ladies over the counter, seems to be
a high ambition. Alas! that it should
be so. We all remember what Washington
said in regard to Agriculture, that it was the
most healthful, most useful, and most noble
employment of man. but our young gentlemen
seem to think differently, and decline unnecessarily
to harden their hands by contraction with
the plough handles. The array of girlish beauty
(we will not say female or feminine beauty, for
the use of the word in this sense, is in direct
violation to the mandates of certain woman's
rights leaders.) was good! V e have
seen better and perhaps worse. I he ladies
managed to enjoy themselves, and things went
on well. How many matches were made or how
many hearts broken, we have not been informed.
Yours, Fkitz.
Railroad Li-'asks.? I lie Rahimore American
says:?"Although the lease of the New
Jersey railroad and canal lines of "The United
Companies," by the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company, is everywhere recognized as a very
important event in the railroad history of the
times, comparatively few persons appreciate
the magnitude and scope of the transaction.
The common idea is that the Pennsylvania
Railroad has obtained control of the two lines
of railroad between Philadelphia and Jersey
City and between Camden and Amboy. and of
the Delaware and Raritun Canal, and that that
is the extent of the acquisition. Rut the truth
is that these roads constitute less than onethird
of the whole amount of roads which
passes into the hands of the lessees. These
roads comprise cne hundred and fifty-four
miles of track, while the whole amount of road
transferred is four hundred and ninety-eight
miles, besides sixty five miles of canal, two
ferry companies and one bridge company.
S' ID'OLs in Virginia.?'The X. w York Sun.
in an article under tlie above head, remark-:
that "an evidence of the g 1 faith which the
respectable classes of the Southern people are
inanifestingin their acceptance of the chanced
rendition of public affairs, is to be found in the
ictinn of Virginia in relation to schools." Ir
lddsthat ''during the eighteen months that have
lapsed since the election of a Superintendent
)f Public Instruction, fully three thousand
schools have been established, where the chil
i i n ..a.:.
ll'L'Il III liiacK a? WCll a.- twine puieuu* cm If
eive Iree instruct inn: atnl this work has been
nvoniplished at a time of great public distress,
vhile the sheriff has been selling lands ami even
arming implements to secure the payment of
he taxes. These schools have Keen organized
iy a Conservative Heard of I'M neat ion and a
'unservative Superintendent id' I'ublic Iii.-trueioii,
quietly hut effectually.
L(H't?<?fN (,'orxTY.? [From the 11 ami I r? >ti
'jitcrpri.-e. (?The press, generally, throughout
lie State, are noticing iti terms of conmicndaion.
the monthly stock sales inaugurated at
Titnilton. W e may pronounce this enterprise, i
ve think, a decided >ucec>s. and wo look for i
rroat goi?d to flow from it to the agricultural in- j
erests of Loudoun.
The stock sale at Hamilton for November
rill be upon the third Tuesday of the mouth.
There wa- a la rye mooting of the citizens of
A est Loudoun held at the Academy Hall.
Iamilton. on Saturday evening last, to jietition
lie managers of the \V. A K. U. to run
heir evening train to Hamilton.
Over six thousand bushels of wheat were
hipped from the Hamilton depot last week.?
['here is more business done at this depot than
it all the other depots on the road put together.
VHRTISER

S11 en a ni >a 11 V alley R ai i.ro ai). --The
('hurlcstown (West a.) Spirit of .Jefferson,
Mist ultimo, says:?The friends of the Shenandoah
Valley railroad (the 1 Ytin.-ylvania enterprise)
are m:ikiiiir a last effort to secure the
right ot way through Jefferson county, on reasonable
terms, tailing iti which the project, so
far as this county i.- concerned, will he wholly
abandoned and another and more inviting route
selected. At a meeting held at Shepherdstown,
on the 21st instant. Mr. A. R. Boteler.
one ot the directors of the company, stated
that the .-utn of tii'tcen hundred dollars per
mile was offered for the right of way, and if
the proposition were accepted by the 14th of
November, the work of construction would
proceed at once, and if not the line of the road
would be established elsewhere. A committee
was appointed to wait on the property holders
interested and report.
Washington Items.?In the race between
the boat club of Georgetown and the Analostan
boat club of Washington, yesterday, a mile
and a-half and reheat, the Analostan club won
the challenge cup, valued at beating the
Potomac one minute and forty two seconds.
The statue? of Sherman and Trumbull. Connecticut's
contribution to the collection of statue.
tor the Rotunda of the Capitol, will reach
W ashington next week.
The bedstead and mattress on which Abraham
Lincoln died, were sold at auction ye.-ter
day for ?Si). The bedstead was common walnut.
An order has been issued at the Executive
Man-ion forbidding visitors g<>ing up stairs durin.ir
the se.-sions of the cabinet ou Tuesday.- and
b'ridays.
The Ft it Trade.?A letter from Winnipeg,
concerning the fur trade, says that latterly hunter.
have adopted the system of poisoning the
bait in their traps with strychnine. l>y this
means they are very successful in taking game
and the skins when brought for sale are to all
appearances as good as if the animal had been
captured in th?- n-ual manner hut after awhile
the fur falls ofFfr.nu the effects of the poison.
The yield of furs for the present year has also
heeli greatly diminished by the existence of
sm.'ill-poX among many of Hie Indian tribes.?
(fiithi- account the Hudson |>av Company
burned up a quantity of furs which, if free
from infection, would have been worth a great
deal of money. It may he reasonably supposed.
however, that there will i?e fur- enough to
prevent a doubling of prices.
Rah. maps in Kentivky.? 1 he contest l?etwceti
the Pennsylvania Company and the
'hesapeako and Ohio Railroad Company for
the possession of the Louisviilo. Cincinnati and
Lexington Short Line railroad, as stated by
telegraph, has ended in the triumph of the
managers of the Virginia line. The terms of
the contract are stated by the Louisville (.Voir
ier Journal to he the purchase by the Cliesa
peak" ;i11 I Miio oI one million d?ill:n*s ol new
bonds of I In- SIn?rt Line:. and ai.-?> the purchase
of all private stuck of the latter that may he
offered at sixty cts. on thcdoliar. cadi, i>r six
ty five. credit. the Short Line euaranteoim.' a
sufficient number of shares to "ivo the Chesapeake
an<l Ohio complete control of the road,
lL't'NF'Tli KKTSO.N JIA! I.WAYS. Il is stated
thai tlie Pennsylvania Central railway interest,
which ha< h-ased eontiiiuous railway lines in
New Jersey. intends to issue round-trip tickets
lrotn Philadelphia and New Yolk, and to either
the above eities from intermediate ones, such
as Trenton. Newark. Ac. From Philadelphia
to New York, or vice versa, the round-trip
ticket i- to he ?4. or two-thirds present prices;
from Trenton to Philadelphia:*!, ami to New
York $2. Juke rates are probably to he fixed
with respect to othcrcousiderablo cities in New
Jersey. This system will doubtless add laree
revenues to the roads, and will thus serve to
enable the Pennsylvania Central the better to
pay the New Jer.-ey railroad companies ten
percent, upon theircapital.? H'Wi. Cho>nuii.
A number of Chicago students at Yale College
have received directions to return to their
homes?<>r to where their homes were?as their
parents have been ruined by the fire. One student
loses sjim.ii 10 by the fire, and another, an
orphan, is reduced from opulence to penury.
New York city creditors of the Chicago
burnt out debtors are reported to he generally
well satisfied with the settlements they arc
making.
The report of the health officer at I'hiladelphia
yesterday gives the cases of small pox lor
the last week at and for the year l.t'HT.
i acag.1 mi mb ?mi ???mam* m? t
JU1RIUEI).
On the lOih ult.. at tlm residcncenf the bride's
hither, hv the Rev. James E. Poiinlcxtcr. DAVID
\i. 1'oWEKS, to MARY KoSINA,
daughter of Chumpe B. Thornton, all of l'ort
Koyal. Caroline county, Yu.
r a di es' goods.
WHITE CORDUROY.
Koyal Purple Corduroy, or Corded Velveteen.
Those goods are very beautiful and much u-ed
this -eason for Ladies' and Children's Sae<pies
and Cloaks. llOBT. L. WOOD,
nov 1 No. I'rJ King street.
JpiSII FOPv FEUTILIZERS.
500 bhls FISH, out of order, will he sold
very low. An excellent opportunity for farmers
to supply tlmm-elves with a cheap and reliable
fertilizer. Applv t??
31. KLDKIDGE CO.,
nov 1 No. 4 South Wharves.
gLIGIlTLV DAMAGED IlooP SKIKTS.
Those who call tir.-t can select the best. A
chance f"r a bargain, at
nov 1 110 BT. L. WOOD'S.
rpHoSK BEAUTIFUL Black ami Gray and
1. Black and Whit--Silk Warp Mohair Drc-s
Goods?the late?t and m??-t desirable jr.>(kJ> in
the market?at No. t'.g King street.
nov 1 ItoBT. L. Wood.
..r- FOKSA LE?Thatdesirable PROPERTY
Liii^n Or-Oloeo -treet, lately the residence of
Air-. Luev L. 'J'urtier. Apply to
ii..v l-eoi'iw C. F. LEE, Jr.
AfASoN'S CHALLENGE BLACKING
and Genuine French 'I". Also, I'ix ?rj"s
celebrated Stove Lu-tre, fur sale.
GEO. Me HI* UN K V Jc SON,
n<?v 1 100 iiii'l 1 To King st.
r> II)HUNS! KIRIioNS!
I KIR RONS!
A heavy stock, in all color* and width8, very
cheap at GREEN'S NnTIoN Ilol'SE,
D"V 1 7*V Kiri?r street.
JUMSIl! FISH!
A rli..!? lot of Oil.li.-.l arid Split Herring- just
received and for sale bv
THOMAS PERKY,
n? ?v 1 15 King street.
SALT! SALT!
dim-ack- Evans' Fine and'A*' sacks Liverpool
A. Salt, for .-.ale bv
TlioMAS PERRY,
n<?v 1 15 King street.
1871. rA?'~ 1871.
GINS! GINS! Gl'NS!
I'oiible and -ingle-barrelled. RrOeeli-bmders,
Pi-tois, Sharp's Repeaters. Colt's and iJerringur
Pistols, and Sportsmen's Good.- of great variety,
wholesale and retail at
.IAS. F. C A KLIN A SONS'.
oct oO King street.
\7ELYETE EN S! VE L V ETE EN S!
V Hlack and Colored, verv cheap, at
GREEN S NotloN HOUSE,
oct *2s 70 King street.
LI* HRICATI N G )1 L of various qualities arid
suitable for all kinds of machitierv for sale
bv E. S. LEAD HEATER A HRO.
"oct ?1
co.n.n Encu
Alexandria Jlarlicl, IVovcmlu'r 1. '71
FI.OU K, Siijicrlinc S''> 37 (y) 0 32
Extra 7 37 (hi 7 ?>*_'
Family 8 20 (04 8 70
Family choice 0 WJ (il 'j 'Jo
WHEAT,Common to fair 1 'Jo (it 1 40
Fair to good 1 40 (l 1 00
Good t?? priinc* 1 00 (a> 1 <13
Prime to choice 1 03 (a. 1 OS
Choice 1 OS (a. 1 72
COKN. white 0 (*J (u> U 7o
Mixed 0 70 Oj) 0 72
Yellow 0 72 (a, 0 u>
KYK 0 80 (a, ??'.m
DATS U 47 (d, 0 4!'
BUTTE It, prime 00 20 (cu 0 20
Common to middling 0 10 (,t n 10
ECUS 0 SO (ijj 0 SI
CHICKENS, per do/. 2 (KD fry 4 00
llilSII TUTATOES 0 00 (cy 0'.to
LA KD 0 04 (a, 0 lf'i
BEANS, white 2 00 (a, 3 00
ONIONS. weight 0 W.) Oy 1 10
TIMOTHY SEED, country 3 00 ftp 3 00
1'eiiiiH. and Western 3 70 (ju 4 IK)
CLOY Eli SEED 7 00 fa. 7 20
BACoN, llauis, country 0 IS fty 0 14
Sides 0 y (jy 0 '.'J
Shoulders 0 7 0 sj
UKEEN APPLES, per old 1 75 fty 3 00
Dried |?er lh 0 G (lit 0 8
DKIED PEACHES, pealed 0 12 <0, 0 14
Unhealed 0 7 (>l 0 S
CI I ESI NUTS, per bushel 2 50 (u. 2 75
PLASTER, ground, per ton 7 UO ftp o 1*1
liround, in bags or bids IKl (a, d t*)
(iround, in hags, returned.... 8 1*' (a, 0 <K)
Lump 4 20 hit 4 70
SALT. A. i Liverpool) 1 50 (il 1 00
Fine 2 00 hi, 2 00
Turk's Island t> 1x1 (<l 11 00
OOL, common unwashed 0 40 ftp 0 44
Washed 0 05 (u, 0 03
Merino, unwashed o 37 ftp 0 42
Merino, washed o 04 ftp 0 07
HAY. her ton from the cars 23 00 ftp 30 1 a?
Hkmakks.?The Flour market is unchanged.
\V heat is inactive at yesterday s quotations: <Mfe
rings <>f 1'JO bu.?hol> white and llTJO of
with sales of tliL* former at 11 for j?rime. and of
tin; latter at 14(1, 1 l'K>, Ml, 10ti and l'-*> for
fair to primp, and HW and 170 Ibr choice. Corn
is ?.hili, and the market may he quoted 2e oil';
sH'crings of S>7 bushels mixed, with sales at
70 and T-; offerings of *V> hushcds yellow: no
Miles reported. Small sales of live at'.H). Oats
arc dull and 1 lower; offerings of oil) bu-hels,
with sales at 47. 4X and 49.
four OF .11.EX.i.V/MCf.l. I.
.SL'N ROSE '5.^7 MOON RISKS 7.*>*t
SL'N* SKI'S .',.00
AKKIV KlJ.
Schrs F Merwin, Stonington, and 11 W Tull,
U<J.?loll, to Allieriean Coal Co.
sailed.
Sehrs F Merwin, Stonington, and .1 J, Manson,
(iroton, by American Coal Co.
M KMOKAN])A.
Seh: K Li Kirk, Fierce, hence, at New York
doth ultimo.
Sidir Serene, Jom-s, hence, at llichiiioinl uO;h
ultimo.
Schr James l'owder, jr., hence, at Norwich
loth ultimo.
Schr Mary K Summers, Blackmail, for this
j'ort, sailed from Philadelphia dl-t.
Ft K.VtS/II.VO taunts.
j^ALL >I* 1*71.
<;*:<>it<;*: n i:\mno.
N". 110 SfVi'iith -trcft, I). C\,
Clothier, 1 )ici{?er, Tailor,
AND DKALKK IN C KNTLKM EN'S I'.KL(
)N<ilN0S.
(Mior? t?? pun hn><T? n unat'-r variety ??t"
tlinii heretofore, nio.-t i?t' which nrn either uueio
hy hi- Workmen or tieulc spoeially to or.l?-r for
him. nD'I may n!way? relv upon getting
thi* hi-st ?ruele> at tlm vi?-y |o\\e-t priee*,
niul uH will lx- charged hut
ON K IMIirK,
from wlni'li this -ali'-iiii'ii an! not ponuitti'ii to
deviate lor any "lie.
SACK 0 V Kit CO ATS, FKoCK oVKUCoA TS,
WIXO i)VKltCoATS, CAI'KS, Ac.
IILACK FKOCK COATS,
LLC K FltiK'K COATS.
tilth:KX AXD (?T11KIt C<>LnIts.
AND VKSTS To MATCH,
SACK. I) Kit BY AND BoX CoATS.
SILK, CDo'i ll ami CASS1MKKK VKSTS,
Ii US IN KSS una DKKSS .SUITS,
j.ii" XVi11 ?h"W the lur^fst H--.trtiii. iil hnii.itin.*
I'ANTA LooNS, li.ime Miunuiaelure, ever
exhibit...! in \\*u.-hin^t?>ii.
ltnhh.T Clothing.
Biiekskio uml Cl.tth Cloves,
Fine Xeekwonr ami Hosiery,
Undershirts and Drawers,
Fine Cloths, Cu5?iuu.rts, [)...-kin-, V. ?tiri(,'.s,
Ae., by tin* yard ?r pattern.
(Jariiient.- in t.!.) t<i order io lit.- best rt.\ le.
A g'-ney >.f tlm
DAVIS V KKTICA I. FKKD
S II i; T T L K S K W I N (1 MACIII N K.
The largc-t, tilO ?iin|?li-t. the l? r-t.
Descriptive circulars of tlii.j machine sent to
any addres.-.
ON LV ONE 1'KICE.
GKoKCK O. II KNN I NO,
}10 Seventh street, N. \S".,
Washington. I). C.
Washington, ?ep 1 l-fodm
JOHN T. CKKIGilToN A: SON,
Wholesale and lo'tail Dealers ill
llAUDWAltK. Cl'TLKIlY, BAR HioN.Jiv.,
ss King street, corner Royal,
A i.kx ani?ki a, Va.
Would inform their friend* and the public
generally that their stock i.. full and complete
:ri every department, and solicit a call before
purchasing. We have on hand a great many v.
goods at low prices. ?uil?-d to the country trado.
Call and see. oct 1M
XTE W DliKSS GOODS AT
liOllT. L. WOOD'S.
Italian Cloths, Empress Cloths, Delaines,
Plaids and a great variety of new and beautiful
goods for Ladies' Dresses, just opuned at No. f>King
street. ?et 30
i i jai