Sunday Edition. Hovemoer 2G
taToKY Pastor’s Opera House.—Miss Emma
Alford, always welcome at this house, reappeared
early in the week and assisted in the carrying out of
Bn unusually attractive programme, tv. J. Bailey
has been much applauded for the clever perform
fences on the concertina, and Kitty Leroy has danced
herself into the favor of the Tony Pastontes. C. E.
Gardner, tho Dutch comedian, was happy m his selec
tions, and fortunate in their being well received.
Billy Wilson is a very good acrobatic dancer, and
was heartily encored for his comic essence. Tony
Pastor himself introduced a number of new comic
Bongs, in the singing of which he has certainly no
equal in this country. He dilated on the beauties
Of tho Bowery with marked effect, and demonstrated
•atfsfaotorily that there is nothing good in the world
but may be found in that celebrated thoroughfare.
Mr. Pastor not only sings his songs well but also
Bets them, aud his style is certainly superior to that
Df those insipid Dundreary comics we are so fre
quently pestered with. Sam. Devere, an excellent
tlarkey comedian, Hen. Mason, Frank Kerns, and
Johnny Queen have appeared in a number of laugh
able sketches, aud Celia Herd, and Marie and Amelia
Gorenflo, have each contributed to the general
amusement.
I To-morrow evening the following clever artists
Will appear: Messrs. Sheridan and Mack, song and
fiance artists; Mr. Henry Brown, a distinguished
Rondon comic singer; Miss Viola Clifton, a serio
comic vocalist, and Donahue, an Irish comedian.
A new comic, drama, “Battling Jack,” will also be
produced. Matinees on Tuesday, Thursday (Thanks
giving Day), and Saturday.
*4 San Francisco Minstrels.—The usual feast
Of fun has been provided by these sable harmonists,
Mnd many now and effective melodies have been in
troduced. Taking advantages of their undoubted
fight to burlesque any or everything in the cause of
amusement, they have this woo a presented an ex
ceedingly droil travesty on Mr. Wailack’s Rose
dale,” and we fancy that gentleman himself could
Scarcely avoid the inclination to laugh were he to
witness this the second edition of big successful
play. The vocal portion of tho programme is now
more entertaining than ever, aad tae comedians ap
pear to get droller and droller as the season ad
vances. There will be a grand extra matinee on
Thursday (Thanksgiving day), aud the usual matinee
pu Saturday.
DRAMATIC.
At Wallack’s Theatre, “Rosedale” has
been plays 1 during the mat week to crowded houses,
•♦standing room only” being the announcement
which greets all late comers. The success which
has attended the reproduction oi this delightful
drama is even more decided than when it was origi
nally performed, and must bo highly gratifying to
Mr. Lester Wallack, both as author and actor.
Rosedale” is one of those lively dramas which al
ways take well with the public, not so much for the
cleverness of their construction, as for the popular
sentiments with which they abound. As we refer
red to tne cast in detail last Sunday, we need not
again go over tho ground further than to remark that
the various well arranged and striking tableaux are
deceived wilh the most cordial marks ot approba
tion. Tho Rifle ball which forms the c osing, and,
for the prosont season, very appropriate scene is a
most life-like and beautiful one, commending itself
strongly to the female portion of the audience in par
ticular.
“Rosodalo” will be performed every evening this
Week, and at the matinee on Saturday.
Booth’s Theatre.—During tho past week
the programme at Booth’s was changed in order that
Mr. John E. Owens might have an opportunity of
appearing in two different character.?, waich, by their
contrast to that of Caleb Plummer, in “Dot; or, The
Cricket on the Hearth,” would enable the public to
estimate at its proper value the ver,utility of this ex
cellent comedian and character actor.
The attendance on Monday evening was not so
great as might have been anticipated, but those who
were there, made up by their enthusiasm for thoso
Who were absent. The pieces selected tor represent
ation were Tom Taylor’s comedy of The Victims,”
and the one act specialty of Mr. Owens’“ Solon Shin
gle. In tho former, Mr. Owens sustained the part of
aTbsftua Butterby. In this character we are sorry to
say Mr. Owens did not come up to the standard we
had formed of him from his perf r maneb of Caleb
Plummer. In tho quieter scenes, Mr. Owens was
Badly defleisnt in humor, aud in the broader
ones we think he was coarse and unnatural. The
play in itself is one of the poorest we have seen from
the veteran playwright, Mr. Tom Taylor, and Joshua
Butterby is one of the weakest characters in the
comedy.
It is not therefore to ba wondered at if Mr. Owens
did not make much of the part. Mr. Robert Pate
man, was, as he is in almost everything he under
takes, extremely good as Skimmer, tho footman. He
was the very picture-of a genuine Cockney “Jeames,”
and afforded much amusement by his quiet, yet
humorous style of acting. Mr. John Wilson was
quiet and gentlemanly in tho part of Mr. Merry
weather, and Mr. Norton was pretty fair as Mr. Fitz-
Herbert, the literary gentleman. Carfuffl,e. (Mr. C.
Eosene), butler to Mr. Merryweather, was an absurd
caricature, both in make up and acting. A good
deal might have been made of tho part, Mr. Rosene,
however, so complete y overdid it that it was pain
ful to look at him. Miss Bella Pa’eman made a very
fascinating and languishing Mrs. Merryweather. This
lady is advancing steadily in her profession, and
shows by the acceptable manner in which she ren
ders any part, whether great or small, the evidence
of careful and diligent study and excellent judgment.
Miss Mary Wells made a capital representative of a
Btrong minded woman, as Mies Crane. She acted
the part with great care, and is evidently possessed
of considerable dramatic power. Hoc making up oi
the part was admirable. Miss Teresa Solden was
better in Mrs. Fitzherbert, than in anything we hayo
get seen her undertake.
The evening’s amusement concluded with Solon
Shingle. Mr. Owens has evidently made this part a
complete study; and the result is a very capital and
most amusing piece of character acting. His repre
sentation of the old Yankee farmer was admirable in
Its quiet simplicity and humor. Like a well-taken
photograph, it stood out clear and distinct in every
feature. Ho was very woll supported by the other
persons in the cast, and sent the audience away at
the conclusion of the.performance, in high good hu
mor with themselves and the entertainment which
had been provided for them. Tho bill will remain
unchanged till Saturday, when Mr. Owens’s engage
ment will terminate.
A special matinee performance of “The Victims”
and “Solon Shingle” will ba given on Thursday,
Thanksgiving day, and tho matinee will take
place on Saturday.
Mr. Booth’s return to the boards of his own thea
tre is announced to take place on Monday, the 4th
prox., when he will play IZanUeZ, in a.l probability to
B crammed house.
Fifth Avenue Theatre.—Mr. Daly’s drama
Of the times, “Divorce,” enters m>on tho thirteenth
week of its career to-morrow night, and with every
prospect of its continuing for thirteen or thirty
weeks more. On Thursday, Thanksgiving Day, an
extra matinee performance of Divorce” will be
given. This will, of course, bo in addition to the
regular matinee on Saturday.
Grand Opera House.—Last night concluded
the engagement of these talented artists, Mr. an?
Mrs. W. J. Florence. Had it not been that arrange
ments already entered into poremptori y forbade a
continuation of their engagement, Mr. and Mrs. Flor
ence might have continued toperfurmat this thea
tre for a considerable time to come wilh success, so
popular are they with the patrons of the Grand
Opera House. During the past week, Mr. Tom Tay
lor’s dram.’ of The icket of Leave Man” was per
formed, Mr. and Mrs. Florence filling their original
parts of Bob Brierly and Emily St. Evremond. Of
their admirable performance in their respective parts
but litfc e need be said at present, as it is too well and
favorab y known to need comment. It will suflice to
cay they never acted belter, nor created more enthu
siasm among their audience, but in some respects
they wore not as well supported as we have seen
them.
To-morrow night will bo produced, for the first
time, an entirely now, romantic, pictorial, and real
istic drama, from the versatile pan ot Mr. T. C. De
Leon, which he has written expressly for this estab
lishment. Messrs. Baker and Co e, the enterprising
and popular lessees of this house, have spared
neither pains nor expense to place this drama upon
upon the siage on a scale of magnificence almost un
paralleled, but they have not alone confined their at
tention to the mise en scene— they have exerted them-
Belves to obtain such a cast for tho various charac
ters as will compare favorably with any other temple
of the drama in this country. The play has been in
constant preparation for months, and has boon thor-
oughly and carefully rehearsed. Tho plot of the
drama is most interesting and exciting, as will be
gleaned from tho following resume of its principa
features
The prologue. at St. Cloud in 1352, introduces Emile de
Boule., Captainpi tie Chasseurs cH Vinoornos, stationed
at Pans to anticipate the Conn d’Eta.; a govprr-
ment spy. and his sister, Ctanew, about to marry de
Boule. Ino latter, however, is secretly and infrr -ually
married to his Vivanbore, da Pre; but bird; her
by an oath to keep silent. A Lle is in turn beloved by
«ene. tnecorporal of chasseurs, but dues net know it;
nor doos she suspect her husband’s crime. Bautre hat
ing an American Secretary of Legation, Paul Livingston
also growj jealous oi him with lire Mijnonne. ‘lbis girl
frivolous and silly, has been brought from Brielle (the
native village of Aide and lie:.) by Bautre, but has
learned to hate him and love tr.e you i«r American, who
tells her of his wife and little srn R'-se Mignonne is al -o
loved by a villager, Babol, wro has j st been sent as a
-conscript to the chasseurs. N ut. '.orsuspects the other’s
presence. The jealousy of Bautre onuses an insuit to
A hastily arranged duel by moonlight fo~
lows; Livingston is killed, am Clemence throws herself in
de Boule s arm/-. Seeing her, Mde/’e asks who she is Rene
answers, His wife!” when t iq vivandiere staggers for
ward, ga?p% “Jam his wife!” and falls near JinWm
all but de Route luoa on in horror, supposing from her
words she has been betrayed by Livingston.
Eighteen years elapse, and -e so? a "Zouave camp,
Bfler Sedan, in 1873. De Boule is general now; Rene ser
geant-major, and a veteran sergeant, still hanker
ing oner the lies; Mignonne of his early love. The child
of Adele du Vie, born at the time of the duel, has been
reared ana aa.;p‘ei by Rene ard Babot, and is now the
Can.inierc Therese. General de Boule, tree to marry by
4ctete*a death, has never owned his daughter. She now
loves and is loved-bv Philip Livingston, cha son of the Paul
we saw killed. Philip, an officer of U. S. Cavalry, is in
f:»aris, and joins the American Ambulance to bo near his
ady love’s br.gade; though, as a stanch republican, he
cannot tor the Empire. Kru-e, now an imperial
spy, and a pretended baron, also Lives Therese, and trans
fers his hate from father to son. By a forged informa
tion, ho arrests and imprisons Livingston, .venting his
spite by showing him Rose Mignonne, now the Queen at
once of Opera Bouffe and of Lorettes, and known to all
iraris as Jfae. Flora. litre too, Babot meets with his old
love m her new sputre. and learns a lesson of life he
pouln not in camp.
Livingston, condemned to die, first learns from Rene the
blot on Tnerese a birth; they neither suspect the truth
He is saved by declaration of tho Republic opening the
prisons. Gene,al de Boule deeidei <o follow th© Empress
the Zouaves doclaro lor tho Republic, and Livingston
Joins them. Bat they still save their old commander
from the wrath of the mob, led byjfere d’Enfer, a wo
man of La Vileite.-with her son Cockon, a gamin, and
Sirge, avoyou, and inflamed to madnsja by Jf//e. Flora’s
pinging of the “Marseillaise,” from a butcher’s cart as
throne.
We next see tho “Days of tho Commune,” with our
Zouaves i.i the trenches before Parr?. De Route returns
on a secret mission, and discloses himself to Therese.
Discovered by covers his e-oape, and refuses to
Bpoak, preferring to risk his suspicion and even that of
her lover. Rene entreats, threatens, and finally de
jiodncos her. She wanders from camp, followed by Liv
ingston, who lets out the secret of her birlh. Shocked
Bnd indignant, she refuses to return, and is captured by
Bautre, Sing<M.v.d Codon, now Oommuni ts in charge of a
barricade. As a prisoner, Therese is made to write a let
ter to mislead the Zouaves. As.none of the Commun
ists can read, she sends only a lino to declare her own
innocence. Ibe Zouaves get the note, and by a strata
geni rescue her and take the barricade. During the
eight of Street lighting, Therese is lost. The Verseilians
take tho city in flames, de Route is found dying, and
Benos his last word to Tfterese to open a locket he had
given her. After a terrible search 'incidentally showing
b petroleum plot, the arrest and execution of the Petro
leuse), liierese is found, bhe still refuses to return while
tier mother’s name is stained, when Bautre appears and
savagely declares his triumph by proclaiming her the
daughter of the dead duelist and the sister of her
jPaul! Rene recalls the circumstances of that nirht
Livingston knows his father was the slain man and
©either can deny the horrid charge. Suddenly Rene re
calls the dying general’s message; Therese bears ocen tho
locket, and finds proof of de Route’s marriage to her
mother. Meantime, Rose Mignonne has been robbed by
the Commune. She meets Rabat, who offers to marry
I l 1 the which sha treats as a joke, and gives her viyv/ j
of life. Bene tracks Bautre, and shoots him in the midst
of the burning oity, spread out liko a fiery map over the
whole stage.
From the above it will be seen it possesses al! ths
elements of a successful sensational drama, and as
we are fully cognizant that (ho utmost care has been
bestowed upon its production, we trust the lessees
may meet with tho success wnicli their ©uergy uud
pluck desorva.
Olympic Theatre.—Until Mr. G. L. Fox be
comes tired of playing Humpty Dumpty,” there
will be no change in the bill of the Olympic Theatre,
as there is no prospect of the New Yorkers becom
ing wearied with his performance. Our notice of
the theatre therefore might almost be stereotyped,
as we can only record that the house is filled every
evening. The matinee performances on Wednesday
aud Saturday appear to have equal powers of at
traction.
A Grand extra matinee will be given on Thanks
giving Day (Thursday).
Wood’s Musenm.—" Black Sheep” was pro
duced last week, with Mr. J. B. Studley and Miss
Susan Denin in the principal characters. It is a
thrilling and effective p ay, slightly flavoring of tho
melo-dramatic school, but well constructed, and con
taining much clever dialogue and natural incidents.
In Harriet Routh, Miss Denin had a character woll
suited to her, and one which she appeared to fully
appreciate, Tho character of tho faithful though
overtrusting wife, anxious to screen her husband
from tho consequence of his horrible crime, aud at
the same time herself betrayed by him, was ably
represented. Mr. Studley was also successful in his
impersonation of Stewart Routh, the blackhearted
though gentlemanly vil.ain. To-morrow evening a
new sensational drama, entitled “Clairvoyance; or
the Man with the Wax Figures,” will be presented,
with Miss Denin, Mr. Sbudley, and Mr. J. W. Al
baugh in the principal characters. On and after to
morrow evening the evening representations at
Wood’s Museum will commence punctually at half
past seven, instead of eight o’clock, as formerly, this
arrangement permitting the management to increase
the attraction of their entertainments. “Clairvoy
ance” will be presented every evening during the
week, and at the matinees “Pale Janet* will again
be tho attraction. On Thursday Thanksgiving Day)
there will bo three representation? given, one at
elevon A. M., one at. two P. M., and the regular
evening representation.
Bowery Theatre.—This capacious theatre
has, since Monday evening last, presented a most
cheerful and pleasing appearance, the large house
being packed from floor to ceiling each evening to
witness tho representation of Lewis F. Stoller’s great
sensational local drama, entitled “Searching tho
Depths; or, tho New York Detective.” The new play
has certainly proved one of the greatest triumphs of
a most successlul season, and appears to have ex
actly hit the taste of the Bowery patrons. It con
tains a most effective sensational scene representing
a fire, in tho putting out of which real fire engines
and apparatus are called into requisition, making it
one of the most exciting and life-like scenes yet put
upon a stage. The play being local, and most of the
characters taken from Now York life, the actors have
had an unusually favorable opportunity of distin
guishing themselves, and it is only fair to stalo that
without exception they have bean successful. The
scenery is also worthy of praisa, the representation
on canvas of many well-known localities being great
ly admired by the spectators. City life in Gotham
furnishes many incidents from which thrilling plots
may be taken, and it is gratifying to perceive that
our dramatists are beginning to devote themselves to
things local, and, consequently, doubly .interesting.
“Searching th© Depths” will be retained on the
boards during the ensuing week, and for tho holiday
limo additional attractions will bo presented. On
Thursday (Thanksgiving Day) a grand extra matinee
will bo given, when Searching the Depths” and a
favorite comedietta will be performed.
Mrs. F. B. Conway's Brooklyn Theatre
Tho engagement of Mr. Edwin Booth, though of lim
ited duration, has been one ot tno most successful
ever played oven by that distinguished actor; and
the manner in whicu tho plays havo been produced,
and tho support accorded the star, satisfactory and
creditable. On Monday evening ho appeared as Ham
let, when, despite the fact that the weather was rough
and boisterous m tho extreme, tho theatre was well
tilled in every part. During the remaining evenings,
standing room was at a premium long prior to the
hour of commencement. Mr. Booth’s admirable per
formances havo been so frequently criticised in thoso
columns, that comment at tho present limo is un
necessary. Suffice it io say that never, at any time,
was he moro successlul in his splendid interpreta
tions of Hamlet, Richelieu, Shylock, or Richard 111.,
than during tho past week; and each of these per
formances was in itsoif sufficient to stamp him one
of the greatest actors of the present time.
Mr. Frank Roche, who is rapidly acquiring a repu
tation not limited to Brooklyn, supported Mr. Booth
m a highly efficient manner; and Miss Ella Burns
has, during the wook, given proof of her possession
of rare dramatic powers. In “Hamlet,” the Ghost
was impersonated by Sir. Frank Boche with an im
pressiveness of manner and ease of delivery that was
really grand. His very fine acting coniributed ma
teriaily io the beauty of the scene ’iwlxt Hamlet and
his father’s Ghost. Mr. Lovoday was not an accopia-
Chipnendale, whose every impersonation gives proof
bio King, but Mr. Kennedy was a good. Laertes. Mr.
of fine ability, was one of the best representatives of
Polonius we have yet seen; and Mr. Edward Lamb,
as the ls£ Gravedigger was, as usual, successful. Miss
Ella Burns at once entitled herself to the highest
praise by a most beautiful and touching representa
tion of the woes of OpAeKa. Her acting in the mad
scene was particularly fine. Mrs. Farren, a most re
fined and accomplished actress, played the Queen
with all the dignity and power necessary; and Miss
Fanny Reeves deserves credit for the feeling manner
in which sho spoke the lines of the Actress.
On Tuesday evening, Lord Lytton’s groat play,
“Richelieu,” was produced, wilh Mr. Booth in the
title role. Mr. Roche gave a really splendid imper
sonation of the chivalrous Dz Mauprat, and fairly
shared the honors with the star. His appearance
was exceller&t, his delivery clear and impressive, aud
his manner graceful and suggestive of a court gal
lant. As much cannot be said, in any respect, of the
representative of Baradas, who did not seem at all
suited to the part. Mr. M. A. Kennedy was excel
lently suited as the foppish Sieur de Beringhen, giving
an unusually finisaed representation of that charac
ter. Joseph was another of Mr. Chippendale’s suc
cesses, the character of the crafty friar being admir
ably represented by him. Mr. R. C. White gave a
roally creditable im; ersonation of Huguet; but the
young gentleman who represented Francois was by
no means successful, his giit being exceedingly awk
ward. Miss Burns was a very pleasing Julie De
Mortemar, her acting throughout being finished and
effective; and for this young lady we have no hesita
tion in predicting great success in such characters
as this or Ophelia. Marion de Lome had a graceful
representative in Miss May Fiske.
“Tho Merchant ot Venice,” with a strong cast,
was represented on Wednesday; “Hamlet” was re
peated on Thursday, and “Richelieu” on Friday,
Mr. Booth’s engagement closing last night with a
performance of “Richard III.’ Each ox the plays
represented has been splendidly mounted, the
scenery and costumes being wonderfully perfect for
an establishment so recently opened.
To-morrow evening Mr. T. W. Robertson’s cele
brated military comedy, “Ours,” will be presented
at Mrs. Conway’s theatre. “Ours” was tno second
of Mr. Robertson’s great successes, “Society” bon-g
the first, and was originally produced m Liverpoo.,
Eng.and. It is certainly one of the oest of modern
comedies, and has been enthusiastically received
wherever presented. The characters and incidents
are life-like aud natural, and the dialogue is of that
refined, enteria.ning nature for which puor Robert
son became famous. It is such a play as will ouab.e
Mrs. Conway’s company to appear to the very best
advmtage, and fine'houses are likely to be the ru;e
at tho Brooklyn theatre all the week.
The pleasing announcement is made that an en
gagement has been effected with the distinguished
comedian, John Brougham, who wilt appear on tno
withdrawal of Ours.” There will be a grand extra
matinee on Thanksgiving Day (Thursday), and the
usual matinee on Saturday.
Globe Theatre. Sappho, the child of
comedy, played io good houses last wee.., and for
the ensuing six nighls a grand Thanksgiving festival
is announced. I'iie G.odo .Minstrels, a combination
of unexcelled Ethiopian delineators, will a; pear, and
render a choice se.cctioa of negro melodies. For
the first time in six years Messrs. J. H. and W. 8.
Budwoith will ap :ear in conjunction, and as each
of these gentlemen is an admirable comedians, their
performances are likely to be vary successful. Mr.
G. W. H. Griffin aad a superb quartette will also
assist in the entertainment, and an excellent or
chestra has been engaged io accompany tho vocal
ists. This exhibi s a tact in catering on the part of
the new management that fairly entities them to
public support, and it is to bo hoped that the Globo
Theatre is now fairly in tne way oi becoming one of
the most popu’ar places of amusement in ihe city.
Matinees are given every Wednesday and Saturday,
baton next Thursday, being Thanksgiving D.iy, a
grand extra manneo will ba given, when tho attrac
tions will be unusually interesting.
St. James’ Theatre.—Miss Annie Lons
dale, a popular comedienne, who’has un.ortunately
been too long absent irom the metropo it m stage,
mado her re-appearance on Monday evening last at
tills pretty liitm theatre, and met with a hearty
reception at tho hands of an audience exceedingly
largo, considering tho boisterous nature of tho wea
ther. Ihe nieces chosen for her re-appoaranco were
a comedy drama, entitled “The Pet of ihe Public,”
and a classical extravaganza, first time of representa
tion, called “Bacchus.” In both of these pieces,
Miss Lonsdale appeared to very groat advantage,
playing with that case and grace of manner whicn.
has caused many to consider her tho only legitimate
successor of tho lamented Miss Mary Ganncn. In
the comedy which was, however, unworthy of her,
she elicited the most demonstrative approbation of
the spectators, and at the close of the second act
was honored with a very enthusiastic call before the
curtain. She was ably assisted by Mr. A. H. Daven
port, but with the exception of that gentleman the
support was indifferent. In the burlesque, Mxss
Lonsdale impersonated the rosy god, BaccAus, in
tne most amusingly live y manner possible, and re
ceived excellent support from Mr. Arthur Mattheson,
Miss Clara Fishei’, and Miss Ida Lewis. Miss Loins
dale’s opening performances wore altogether tho
roughly pleasing, and load us to anticipate a most
successful comedy season, under her management
ac the Bt. Jamea’ Theatre. To-morrow evening will
be produced an entirely new and original comedy,
entitle! “Caterina," in which this talented lady
will sustain four characters, being assisted by Mr.
A. H. Davenport and a number of cmver performers.
The bur.oSquc of “Bacchus” will bo retained on tho
bill, having been favorably received on each re
presentation. There will baa grand extra matinee
on Thursday (Thanksgiving Day), at which Miss
Lonsdale will appear in both pieces
Thirty-fourth Street Theatre.—Thia now
theatre will bo opened to-morrow evening with a
largo and carefully selected varieties company, and
it will be tho aim of the enterprising manager, M/.
W. W. bmith, io make tins one of the best places of
amusement iu town. Tho names mentioned in J
cate a generous stylo of catering, as many oi those
engaged are artistes occupying important positions
in ;heir profession. Sam Devine, the favorite negro
comedian; Law Meyers, tne musical peruus; Eph
Horn, the Ethiopian gromsquo, tho Maffi>t Brothers,
and many others, win form the malo portion of the
company, while among the ladies will be Miss Bar
nard, protean artiste; M le. Nall?, B.anche Solwyn,
serio-comic vocalist; Lizzie Stateman, Annie Hindlo,
male impersonator; Mile. Loa, and Annie Birob.
There witl be Wednesday and Saturday matinees.
P. T. Barnum’s Circus.—This huge combi
nation of natural curiosities has again been largely
patronizel. and from morning until night is tjip
Bink tilled with delighted spectators, pleased alike
v.dtli tho periormaucos of the equestrians, and the
number ot strange things to bo seen. In the circus
department tne entertainment is quite equal in that
lino io anything wo have yet seen. Tho company U
largo, and numbers several really distinguished p ?r*
formers among its members, ana the incidental gbec*
facies and entrees are gorgeously arranged. J'he
great size and suitable iorm of the buiid,ing add
greatly in the effect of the ring perfoxmanous. it is
to be regretted that no regular ast of the programme
is issued, as there aro many artists wortny of mention
whose names.aro unknown to us. An. important ad
dili -n has been m-tde to the zoological collection by
the arrival of a V.ack Varke, or Abyssinian Phaco
chsere, one of the only two of these animals ever
sent to this country. Naturalists will doubtless find
in ibis animal food for much study, as, both in ap
pearance ami habits, it is one of the most eccentric
of (he brute cre&tiozx Since his arrival a few days
ago. he has already attracted much iV-teption, and
eeoms to be one of the most interesting tea.ure.i of
the collection. The equestrian performances tike
place daily at two and eight o’clock, and visitors
should arrange to be in Um? for thq Opening speoUi
cle, which m Slid to be tne moat magnificent since
the days af the Boman Emperors.” The immense
W the direqtiqn oi
Mr. W. C. Ooup, a most accomplished manager, and
the great P. T. Barnum himself.
On Thursday, being Thanksgiving Day, there will
be three circus performances, viz.: at 11 A. M., and
2 and 8 P. M.
Union Square Theatre.—Messrs. Harrigan
and Hart have appeared m their comic scene,
“Little Frauds,” and are already immensely popu
lar. Those gentlemen are each good singers and
accomplished dancers, and tho portion of the pro
gramme in which they appear is thoroughly enter
taining. Mile. Bonfanti has boon warmly welcomed
back, and appears nightly in tho beautiful ballet,
“The Fairies of the Greon Lake,”in which she is
ably assisted by the ladies of the corps de ballet.
OoorgQ Leopold and Madame Geraldine have re-ap
peared. and excited the wonder ot the spectators by
their daring evolutions on the high trapeze. Charley
Sturges and Rollin Howard havo been Hunting a
Prima Donna” with considerable success, and “The
Last of tho Mohicans,” in the person of the accom
plished Lew Rittler, got awtuliy scared at the hands
of Jack Smart (Hughey Doherty), while “Dancing
Jack and “The Young Recruit” also put in an ap
pearance during the evening. The Raynor Brothers,
in their grotesque musical entertainment, aro very
amusing. Hugnoy Doheriy settles the political des
tinies oi Europe and America in tho most off
handed, mirth-provoking manner possible. Maffit
and Bartholomew’s comic pantomime has been in
variably well received, these two gentlemen being
thoroughly accomplished pantomimists.
Mr. Gus. Williams, the popular comio vocalist,
commences an engagement to-murrow evening, and
the popular Matthews family return to the scene of
their first American triumphs. Harrigan and Hart,
the Raynor Brothers, R >llin Howard and Charley
Sturges, Hughey Dougherty, G. H. Coes, Lew.
Rattier, Jonnny De Ange.is, and tho other comedians
will doubly exert themselves, aud Bonfanti wid
charm the spectators by her beautiful dancing in
the ballet of “The Fairies of tho Green Lake.”
There will be a grand extra matinee on Thursday
(Thanksgiving Day), and the usual matinees on
Wednesday and Saturday.
Theatre Comique.—The attractions at the
Comique havo been up to the usual standard of ex
ceLenuo, and several important novelties were in
cluded iu the bill for last week. Alice Somers, a
favorite danseuse and vocalist, made her first appear
ance in New York for a considerable time back, and
the Lopez troupe of acrobats were also among the
new arrivals. J. L. Davis and his troupe of canine
wonders furnished an excellent portion of the enter
tainment, and the ever-comical Johnny Wild and
Charley White appeared In some of their most
effective sketches. The great court scene has been
retained on the bills, but will to-morrow evening
give way to the new sensational drama entitled tho
“Dead o’ Night Boys,” in which Josh. Hart will
sustain an important part. Mr. W. H. Munroe, a
comedian and protean artist, whoso specialty con
sists of rapid changes effected in presence of the
audience, will mane his first appearance this week,
as will Miss Polly Daley, a fascinating serio-comic
vocalist. Delehanty aud Hengler wid appear in new
scenes. Johnny Wild and Charley White will doubly
exert themselves, and a new and splendid ballet will
be produced, making the entertainments during
Thanksgiving week tho most attractive oi the season.
On Thursday there will be a grand extra Thanks
giving matinee, and the usual matinees will be given
on Wednesday aad Saturday.
New York Circus.—The Chicago benefit on
M mday was thoroughly successful, and the other
performances at this great Circus have been also
witnessed by large audiences. The grand entrees
and spectacular processions aro very effectively
managed, and call forth the heartiest approbation of
the spectators; while the perfection oi training ex
hibited by the horses induces a feeling of wonder
ment at their great sagacity. The clever horsemen
perform feats at. once graceful and daring, and the
members of the acrobatic troupe perform a number
of gymnastic gyrations that cause us to have liitle
douot as to their claim to bo described as boneless.
The clowns aro all jolly, amusing fellows, and
nightly submit to an amount of whipping that gains
anything but sympathy from the juvenile specta
tors. Now and then wo are favored with a good
song from one of those merry sons of Momus, and
the entertainment is concluded each evening by the
performance of a laughable sketch, in which most of
the company appear. This week the wonderful
Seigrist Family, w r ho as graceful gymnasts have no
superiors, will.make their appearance. Miss Lizzie
Keyes, an accomplished equestrienne, is also an
nounced for to-morrow evening; and a number ot
new acts, includiug the famous Battoute Leap
ing,” by the entire company, will be performed.
There will be a grand extra matinee on Thursday
(Thanksgiving Day), and the usual matinees on
Wednesday and Saturday.
Brooklyn Opera House.—This pleasant
place of amusement will be opened on Thanksgiving
night, and an excellent programme has been ar
ranged for tho evening. Among the performances,
will be Daddy Rice’s laughable specialty, The Vir
ginia Mummy,” in which Mr. T. 0. Faulkner will
sustain the character of Ginger Blue— a part in
which he is not surpassed by any actor on the stage.
“Perfection; or, the Maid of Munster,” will also be
acted, and there will be singing and dancing, Ethi
opio eccentricities and acrobatic wonders, and plenty
of fun and drollery. A number of the best artists in
their different lines will assise in tho entertainment,
and we feel assured that none who visit the Brooklyn
Opera House on Thanksgiving night will go away
dissatisfied.
Harry Hill’s Varieties Theatre. For
Thanksgiving week Harry Hill has also made special
arrangements, and novelties indescribable will be
provided for his patrons during holiday time. Ev
thing conducive io fuu and hearty enjoyment will
be carefully attended to, and there is every prospect
of a splendid time at this favorite little theatre dur
ing the week. Tho best available talent haa bsen
secured, and the most talented performers, in their
various lines, will tend to make Harry Hill’s one ot
the jolliest of varieties theatres. Comic sketches,
farce*, and negro minstrel scenes will be presented,
and singers, dancers, and acrobats appear. The
usual matinees during the week.
SCRAPS MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.
A Memphis paper thus speaks of Mrs. James
A. Oates and her burlesque opera troupe: “Mr?. Oates,
‘the pet of tho petticoats’ and ‘dress coats,’ with her
talented company, is playing an engagement at our thea
tre. Her visit an J fascinating acting is most opportune,
as it seems as a balm to holders of disappoint©;! tickets
in the recent drawing, and prevented an increase in our
mortality report. To witness the performance of this
little lady is a defense against any invasions of melan
choly or care. Speotator.3 whoso minds are ever in a I
chaos havo told us that this little gem has produced a j
feeling of don’t cire a cent whether th© market is up
or down, or whether stock is on hand or not. She has
turned everything into Gates. Susceptible young beaux
have bought largely of the grain, in order that they tn :y
always be reminded of her. One enthusiast procured a
]a Idor and made love to her picture painted on t*-o wall.
A drug store clerk was discharged for answering the
question, ‘What is the best thing for dy'peosia?’ l>v
‘Oats! oats! oats I’ Jesting aside, she is charming,
and we hope our people will not lose an opportunity of
enjoyment rarely presented.”
Writing of Miss Cushman’s admirable im
personation of Queen Katharine, the Boston Fapm#
says: “Her embodiment of this is a triumph of dramatic
art and genius. Thoso w havo never before seen
Mies Cushman now fully understand why it is she has so
high a reputation. She is peerless. Her performances
are marvelous. She gives to the spectator the real
Katharine of history. Charlotte Cushman is forgotten.
Such is tho true purpose of the drama; such it is to shew
reality in play. It is unnecessary to describe in detail
the features of this performance. Enough that it is,
from first to last, electric wit a power, li.e, nature, and
character. Every word, every gesture, every attitude,
every situation has its int-. l meaning, place, ana
face. One of the great beauties of Miss Cushman is,
that .she leaves .nothing urdone. The minutest points
aro scrupulously cared for. Summed up, her portraiture
of Katharina is grand, complete.
The recent engagement of the Wyndham
Comedy Company, in Cleveland, Ohio, was disturbed
very much by bad weather. They are now in Detroit,
Michigan, having succeeded Jefferson thoro.
Mlle Felicita Vestvali, known as “Vestvali
the Magnificent,” gave a performan e in aid of tho Chi
cago sufferers, in Mayenc?, Germany, recently. She re
turns to this country early in tho Spring.
Messrs. Santley, Cummings and Patey, and
MO'd-ames Faley and Wynne, song in the oratorios
“Elijah” and ‘‘Judas Maccabeus,”in Boston, on Satur
day aad Sunday evenings last.
The Boston newspapers are unanimous in
their commendation of Mr. W. R. Sheridan’s perform
ance a’ Cardinal Wolsey in “Henry VIII.” at the
Globe Theatre, Boston.
Mr. E. D. Davies, the greatest ventriloquist
of the age. who recently caused such a sensation in this
city, is now at the Howard Athenaeum, Boston.
Great preparations are being made for tho
Bonevolent and Protective Order of Elks’fir .t annual
benefit in Philadelphia, on tho Ist Dacembcr.
It is rumored that Mr. Santley will join the
Pareva-i o a Opera Troupe in the Spring, and sing in
Italian opera with Waohtel and Mme. Rasa.
Mr. and Mrs. John L. Hall and Mr. John
Morris are playing a highly successful engagement at
the St. James Theatre, Boston.
Madame de la Motto (Miss Adeline Wash
burn) will soon return to this, her native country, from
England, and sing in opera.
The Troy papers speak in favorable terms of
Mr. J S. Delaney, the naw low comedian of Mrs.
Waller’s Company.
Mr. E. L. Davenport appeared as Richelieu,
at his own theatre in Philadelphia, on Wednesday and
Thursday last.
The Majiltons and Mlle. Morlacohi appear at
the Boston Museum in “The French Spy,” to-morrow
evening.
A daughter of Prof. Anderson, tho famous
Wizard of the North, is holding seances in Philadelphia.
Oliver Doud Byron is playing ‘'Across the
Continent,” at the California Tocatre, San Francisoo.
Matilda Heron is engaged to play engage
ments this Winter in Now Orleans and St. Louis.
James Taylor, the so-called champion comic
vocalist, is at th3 Howard Atheneum, Bo iton.
"When the Worrell Sisters get through in
Georgia, they purpose coming to New York.
Janauscheck lost heavily in pictures,, paint
ings, and investments by tho Chicago fire.
Kelly and Leon are playing ‘•Bar-ber-blue’*
at the Alhambra Theatre, San Francisco.
Mr. George Vandonhoff is supporting Miss
Cushman at the .Globa Theatre, Boston.
The Parepa. Rosa Troupe drew large-and
fashionable aufiiances in Pittsburgh
Horace Lingard and pretty Alice Dunning
woro recently at Houston, Texas.
Mlle. Seobach will play at the GormanjTim
tre, in Pesth, this season.
Mr. Charles Wheatleigh has boon much ap
preciated iih Pittsburgh.
Lawrence Barrett was recently at tho Louis
ville (Ky.) Q.pera House.
Miss Kellogg is singing in .Italian. Opera in
San Francisco.
Kelly Leon have created quite fcjfurorc in
San Francisco.
Annie Adams is at Fax’s American Varieties,
Philadelphia.
Mrs. McCready is impersonating;- Sbylock in
Connecticut.
“Elfie,” is still the.attraotion; at the Boston
I Museum.
Unsworth Eugene’s Mhzyj.krels are dis
banded.
Kate Reignoldsds.goingthrough New Hamp-,
shire.
J. M. Ward has .got te. San. Francisco.
Wachtel sang. in. Boston, yesterday.
A BoLEt Thief Committed —On, Tires
day last, y(hije Mrs. Spphia M. Spencer,, of No., IOS
East Eighteenth strce.l, was passing alonj. Fifth ave.,
having in her hand a wallet, containing S3O, sho was
met Tenth street by George Awards, who
snatched the pocket-book, and ran, awav. The act
wa> witnessed, by Dr. John Hintop, of No. 21 West
Tillrty-sec >nd street, who the thief without
giving an alyrm, until he moi, an officer, when ha.
gave the rascal into custody. Thq owner of
pockat bo.ftk knew nothing o/ the arrest until
day» when sjha cameforTpard aud made complaint,
and tho prisoner was twrapaittqd tho bv
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
ar
Judging from tho present indications, the ensuing
Winter saason is about to be one of the gayest.
Already has tho note of preparation been soundod,
and very soon the votaries of Terpsichore will bo in
tho full enjoymont of their favorite pastime. Tho
following is a list:
BALLS TO TAKE PLACE.
Nov. 27—Americus Coterie, at Irvin? Hall.
Nov. 28—New York Youn? Men’s Komen Catholio
Benevolent Association, at Irving Hall.
Nov. 29—Welcome Social Club, at Harlem Music Hall.
Nov. 29—Park Lodiyo, No. 516. F. and A. M., Adelphi
Hall, Fifty-second stroet and Saventh
avenue.
Nov. 33—Bremervorder Social Club, at Union Assem
bly Rooms.
Nov. 30— Doneraile Social Club, at Military Hall, No.
193 Bowery.
Deo. 4—New York Letter Carriers, at Apollo Hall.
Dec. 6—Barton Lodge, No. 3, K. P.. at Apollo Hall.
Deo. 7—Trenor Coterie, at Apollo Hall.
Doo. 12—Concord Lodge, No. 60, F. and A. M., at
Apollo Hall.
Of the above tho principal are tho
N. Y. YOUNG MEN’S ROMAN CATHOLIC BE
NEVOLENT ASSOCIATION.
In last Sunday’s Dispatch we called, uttontlon to
the annual ball of this very excellent and praise
worthy association. Formed many years ago, with a
benevolent object, this society has continued to do a
great deal of good, and has exercised a beneficial in*
terest among the class of persons for whose benefit
it was organized. With characteristic generosity the
society contributed the sum of $250 to the fund for
the benefit of tho Chicago sufferers—an example
which many other more pretentious societies with
larger funds at their disposal wou’d do well to imitate.
Irrespective of the laudable objects of the association,
we can confidently recommend such of our readers
as enjoy a comfortable dance aud a good time gener
ally, to attend this ball. Experience has taught us
that this society’s reunions are always most enjoy
able, and as the committee for tho present affair have
made the most complete arrangements for the com
fort and enjoyment of their guests, we can safely
predict that the ball on Tuesday evening will be a
grand success.
PARK LODGE, NO. 516, F. AND A. M.
Tho members of tho above lodge announce their
annual ball lor Wednesday evening. It will take
place at the Adelphi Hall, corner of Fifty-second
street and Seventh avenue. It is well known that
the members of this lodge are a lively, convivial set
of gentlemen, whove great delight it is to afford
their friends an annual opportunity of enjoying
themselves. The committee ou the present occasion
havo used every effort to make this affair a decisive
success, and we have little doubt their endeavors
will meet with a suitable reward.
CONCORD LODGE NO. 50, F. AND A. M.
The annual invitation ball of the members of this
happily namod Masonic Lodge will take place at
Apollo Hall on the evening of the 12th of December.
Upon previous occasions we havo assisted at these
merry gatherings, and we hope to do so on this one,
assured as we aro that it will be a pleasant one.
One of tho great charms of Mr-
James Nolan’s elegant lounge, tho Woodbine, corner
of Lixth avenue and Thirteenth street, is the com
fortable, cosy aspect of every thing connected with it.
Tho charms of home, sweet home, were never to be
compared to it. Chops, steak?, and game of all
kinds, always to be had at a moment’s notice.
The Grand Duke being a sensible,
judicious young man, will purchase all jewelry he
may require during his stay in our city, at S. J. De
ian’s, No. 857 Grand street; and wo understand has
expressed a desire that anyone purposing making
him presents, will also make their purchases there.
With the approach of Christmas
and New Year’s day, thrifty housewives commence
to clean up and prepare tho family residence for the
holiday season. About this time, also, sensible gen
tlemen generally betake themselves to Knox’s fa
mous Hat Emporium, at No. 212 Broadway, where,
having purchased suitable chapeaux, they aro ready
for any season.
There is nothing so characteristic
of a thorough gentleman, as the fact of his being
neatlv, though never foppishly attired. This object
can only be obtained through the medium of an ex
cellent outfitting establishment, for instance such a
one as that of Messbs. J. M. Varian Sons, at Nos.
70 aud 72 Bowery.
At Harry Hill’s Concert Saloon,
No. 26 East Houston street, aro nightly assembled a
crowd of jolly souls on pleasure bent. Visitors to
Harry’s never fail to receive the heartiest enjoyment,
tho entertainment being excellent.
As the weather gradually gets
colder and colder, parents will see the advisa
bility of viaitiug the well-known establishment
of Mr. D. Shea, No. 427 Broome street, where mer
chant tailors’ outfits of boys’ and youths* clothing
can always bo had.
Messrs. Crandall Co., No. 562
Third aveuuo, are fairly entitled to tho lasting grati
tude of the rising generation. They havo constantly
on hand the prettiest little velocipedes, toy horses,
and childs’ carriages to bo had.
The Grand Dues Alexis. —That
bright luminary, the New York Sun, informs its
hundred thousand readers that our distinguished
guest has “Beautiful, white sound teeth.” Wo
daily inform the million that every one can obtain
the same inestimable blessing by using Thurston’s
Ivory Pearl Tooth Powder! Sold by druggists
and dealers in fancy goods. Price, 25 and 50 cents
per bottle. F. 0. Wells Co. No. 192 Fulton street,
Now York.
Bell Schnapps. —The unprecedent
ed demand that our celebrated Bell Schnapps is
meeting with throughout tho country, induces us lo
state that it is pronounced by physicians and mer
chants to ba the purest and most reliable article of
Schnapps imported from Holland. Dealers who will
compare cur Schnapps with others in the market,
will find them in every way superior. H. G. Wolfe
Co., No. 18 South William street, Sole Importers.
Many persons, young and old,
throw away a dollar on what would be called a first
class exhibition, or show, and when it is over, thoy
have gained nothing by it, and it is forgotten at once,
but there aro none who pay a visit to The Original
Dollar Store, No. G 67 Broadway, can ever forget
the sight of the thousands upon thousands of differ
ent curiosities, both useful and ornamental. It is
an exhibition they can always remember, for they
can seo thousands of articles that were never before
exhibited in this country. Then the advantages of
visiting this Palace of Novelties, or Museum of Art,
are many fold.
Is-l. It costs nothing to gain admission.
2d. It is a better show or museum than there is in
New York, or anywhere else.
3d. You lose nothing by visiting it, only your time,
and when the place instructs you, your time is not
111-spent.
4th. If you ever want anything, you will be con
vinced it can bo had there.
sth. You do not have the occasion to ask the price
of anything, for you are informed that any of the ar
ticles are sold for one dollar.
6tb. When you purchase an article, you feel con
tented that if any one has the best of the bargain,
that you havo it.
7th. You know you cannot be cheated in your
trade, for every article is warranted.
Bth. You congratulate yourself for not walking all
over town, and probably paying ten dollars or more
for what cost you only a dollar.
9ih. You wonder how the Proprietors can possibly
keep up their business for years, and sell their goods
at the apparent losing prices.
10th. And you will conclude that the Institution is
of the greatest benefit to tho public, for it has revolu
tionized the.-prices of all manufactured articles, and
that the Proprietors are worthy of the succeas award
ed them, for they havo shown that nothing but inge
nuity, skill, and unusual business intelligence must
have been used to perfect ai,xl carry on their business
with profit to themselves, anil also to the community
The hat which the Prince Alexis
raised, oo gracefully to- the New York ladies was
bought at Dougan’s,
Prince has ordered numerous seis of Dougan’s holi
day furs. Ho intends to send tbf.m to Russia, as
presents to the fair ladies of St. Petersburg.
HORRIDV& INFANTICIDE.
an INFANT FCHND WITH IIS THROAT GASHED,.
The body of, a male infant was found soon after
seven o’clock A. M., yesterday, half buried in, the
leaves, in the rear of Trinity Church. On examina
tion it was:, discovered that the little innocent had
been foul'j. murdered. The throat had been cut
from ear to ear, and tlrnre was a terrible gash on the
cheek., The child the appearance of having
been born but a few hours. Undoubtedly the infant
wa» illegitimate, and it was made away with in order
to) hide the shme of the parents. The body wia re
moved to the Church street police station, and an ef
fort made fey the police to discover some claw to the
parentage of the child, as by that means the murder
er misfit bo traced, but without rwuU« Coroner
•Keoqan will iumtuiat© the matter*
sihj anil
AT HIS 01/D TRICKS.
“GEN.” GREENTHAL PICKS A POCKET AND
GETS ARRESTED—HE DECLARES HE IS AN
INJURED INNOCENT.
While Arthur C. Taylor, in tho employ of A. S.
Barnes of No. 11l William street, was return
ing from the bank yesterday, hiving in his overcoat
pocket a package of bills, amounting to $250, when
in front of No. 39 John street, the walk being blocked
up with boxes, he was crowded against by a man in
a very rude manner. Ho protested, and the man
apologized and moved away. Taylor missed his
money, aad following the man accused him of the
theft. The other denied it, and went into the store
in front of which he was standing and passed to the
rear end. Taylor followed him, insisted that he had
stolen the money, and demanded its return. The
man again denied having stolen the money, but
Robert Foales, employed in the store, who had fol
lowed the accused to the rear of the store, and had
seen him lay down a package, pointed it out to Tay
lor. Tho latter took it up and found it to be a por
tion of that he had lost. It contained $159. The ac
cused declared he had nothing to do with the pack
age, but Mr. Foales was too quick for him, having
seen him lay it down. Officer Byan of the Second
Precinct was called in, and the thief given into cus
tody. At the Beekman street police station the pris
oner gave the name of Abraham Myers. He was
taken to Police Headquarters, and there recognized
as the well known “Gen.” Abraham Greenthal, one
of the most noted thieves and receivers in the coun
try. Superintendent Kelso at once gave orders to
the detectives to go out and bring in all the pickpock
ets who were known to operate with Greenthal. The
latter was taken before Justice Hogan at the Tombs.
He protested that he was innocent. Mein Gott
Is'a got a bad name, and dem vellers ash got de
money,” was his feeling exclamation whan ques
tioned as to his guilt. He protested that ha had one
witness by whom he could prove that he was In the
store when the money was found, buying goods,
when the theft was committed. Ho was looked up
to await an examination. Later in the day an alleged
confederate of Greenthal, named Joe Keyser, a well
known thief was arres.ed and locked up. at Police
Headquarters.
SM&IJL-PSYX..
IT IS STILL ON THE INCREASE IN THE CITY—
A NEW VACCINATING CORPS.
The small-pox is still on the increase in this city.
Each new case seems to be the centre from which the
disease radiates to the adjoining neighborhood, and
these new cases, in turn, furnish the means of spread
ing it further. Secret meetings of the Board oi
Health have been held nearly every day during the
past week, and the Sanitary Committee have held
daily sessions. Tho members of the Board do not
disguise the fact that they feel alarmed at the pres
ent condition of affairs and the danger of tho disease
assuming an epidemic form. Some time ago they
asked Controller Green to place to the credit of the
Board of Health the sum of $50,000, in order that
they might employ an additional corps of eighteen
assistant Health Inspectors, who were intended to bo
assigned to the duty of vaccinating as many as possi
ble in the districts where the disease bad already
appeared, and was likely to spread. The Controller
replied that he knew of tho necessity for money for
this particular purpose, but there were so many oth
er more pressing claims that he could not spare a
cent for the purpose before New Year’s. The Board
not long ago appointed the additional Inspectors,
with the proviso that they were not to commence
their labors until the funds wherewith to pay them
were provided by the Controller. Tho necessity is
now deemed to be so pressing, that the Inspectors
have been set to work vaccinating, and the Board
will trust to the Controller to pay the bills incurred
when the city treasury becomes more plethoric than
it is now, or has been, for a considerable time past.
The taxes are being paid in by our citizens with com
mendable promptness, and the liabilities incurred
are being gradually paid off. It is hoped that after
January Ist, there will be a breathing spell so far as
claims are concerned, and as the Legislature is
looked to to check the extravagance that has been
indulged in in the way of salaries and fees of certain
officials, there is a probability that the burdens of
tax-payors will be sensibly reduced, and at the same
time there will be funds sufficient to carry forward
tho work of worthy projects. Up to noon yesterday
there were eight new cases of small-pox reported for
the previous twenty-four hours; and for the week,
forty-nine now cases.
COURT OF SPECIAL SESSIONS.
A DISHONEST CLERK—A SNEAK THIEF EXILED
—A COAT-STEALER—A YOUTH WHO NEVER
HAD ANY PARENTS—A METE SENTENCE, &c.
Justice Dowling was not in such excellent humor
yesterday as he is wont to be. Consequently, the
proceedings were tamer than usual. There was a
pretty round calendar, and several rowdies and oth
ers were sent to Christmas on tho Island.
Herman Schaion
A BLONDE YOUNG FELLOW
from Germany, was arraigned on complaint of his
employer, John C. Freedman, who charged that he
employed the prisoner as a clerk after he landed
here, six months ago; that a few days since he sent
him out io collect a bill of sl2; Herman returned
shortly after, and informed Mr. Freedman that he
was told to call again. A few days subsequently,
however, it was ascertained that the bill in question
had been duly paid when called for. The accused
was sent to the Penitentiary fur six months for ap
propriating the same.
A SNEAK THIEF,
not unknown to police fame, named John Decy, was
charged with having entered the house of Robert J.
McPherson, No. 273 Ninth avenue, and, going, to the
room of the latter, stealing from the wardrobe a bran
new overcoat, valued at S3X He was caught leaving
the premises with his burly person snugly ensconced
in the same. Decy got six months.
ANOTHER COAT STEALER.
John F. Murray was similarly disposed of for
lifting” two overcoats whilo pretending to purchase
in the store, No. 95 Bowery.
A SHAGGYHEADED YOUNGSTER.
Charles Smith, who said he never had any parents,
was charged with till-tapping from the store of Mrs.
Francis Ahearn, in Division street. The waif pleaded
guilty, and was sent to the House of Refuge.
A METE SENTENCE.
Thomas Butler saw a splendid piece of roast beef
outside a store, corner of Seventy-ninth street and
Third avenue, and took it into his woolly head to
take it home to the old woman, come what might.
It was early in the morning, and seeing a wheelbar
row he rolled it up, put on tho piece of beef, and was
rolling it away, when ho was roughly collared, and
brought to a stand-still. He was sent to the Peni
tentiary for six months.
PLEADED GUILTY.
August Worthless, and worthless fellow pleaded
guilty to stealing one gross of silk binding, from a
store in Broadway. Justice Dowling recognized him
as an old shoplifter. He was sent to the quarry de
partment on Blackwell’s Island for six months.
These were the most important cases yesterday.
MIXOR ITEMS.
Arrests by the Police for the week, 1.438 c
The body of a woman, aged about thirty-five years,
having light hair, light complexion, and wearing a
light woolen shawl, while under-clothing, no dress or
shoes, and white stockings, was found yesterday
floating in the North River, at the foot of 116th
street. It was taken to the Morgue.
A fire occurred yesterday on the first floor ef the
potash warehouse oi 11. Lester, at No. 43 Washing
ton street. It was extinguished after causing slight
damage.
Cornelius Rayen, residing at the corner of Water
and Liberty streets, yesterday entered the Oak street
police station, suffering from lock-jaw. He was re
moved to the Park Hospital.
Lawrence Kelly, aged twelve years, of No. 113 Mul
berry street, yesterday fell from his father’s coal
cart, in Catharine street, and broke his leg. He was
removed to the Park Hospital.
J. M. Harmon, of No. 242 Monroe street, carelessly
put his arm outside of a car window in South street,
and it was crushed between the car and some bales
of cotton with which the car came in contact.
During tho past week there have been in this city
158 marriages, 421 births, SQ. still births, and 437
deaths..
House Robberies in Harlem Teeir
Frequency of Late.— For- some time past, house
robberies in Harlem and Yorkville havo be-m fre
quent. Tho thieves apparently watch for the tempo
rary absence of the occupants, and then enter and
remove all articles of value that they can find. The
latest case of this kind is that of Georgs W. Hom
mell, whoso residence, No. 155 East 114th-street, was
entered in. the temporary absence of Mr. H. and
family, aad robbed of jewelry, clothing, and othe>
articles if value to a considerable amcant. No trase
of the articles have yet been found.. The police are
almost powerless to prevent these robberies, because
theit beats are so wide apart, and, require so a
tiL«a to pass ow.
Preparing fob the. Holidays., —As
tho holiday season is near at hand, people naturally
inquire as to the best to purchase toys and
presents for the young., Tho Dolifer Store, at No.
£37 Broadway, presents,many advtoataga to the gen
eral public. Tho stocX consists of every imaginable
variety of toys, jewelry, woolen goods, etc., and
every article selU at the same price, a dollar each.
An inspection of the stock will convince all. that for
cheapness, 6x001100004 and variety, the Dollar §;org
gan’t bo ourpas.sefl.
ABBEST 0E SLIPPERY DICK.
HIS BAIL FIXED AT $1,000,009.
HE FAILS TO OBTAIN IT
The Toils Closing Around the
Thieves.
Ex-Controller Richard B. Connolly was arrested
yesterday, soon after noon, by Judson Jarvis, head
of the order of arrests in the Bureau of the Sheriff’s
Office. Controller Connolly had but just entered the
building when ho was approached by Mr. Jarvis,
and taken into custody. The affidavit on which the
order was issued, was made by Mr. Peckham; one of
tho lawyers of the Committee of Seventy, and
charges Mr. Connolly with having participated in
the money received by E. A. Woolward, late Clerk
of the Board of Supervisors. It is alleged that of
the amount received by Woodward, aggregating 1
$4,000,000, Mr. Connolly received $1,000,000, the
remainder being divided between Tweed, Wood- 1
ward, Ingersoll, and Garvey. The charges against J
Connolly are almost identical in character and
amount, with these alleged against Tweed and the
others. The Sheriff decided to require $1,000,000
bail, this being the amount required from Tweed
and Ingersoll, against whom warrants of arrests
havo previously boon issued. It is really necessary
to raise $2,000,000, for the sureties must justify in
double the amount of the bail bond, Up to a late
hour Connolly’s friends were unable to find bail,
and it is almost certain that the ex-Con troll er will
pass the night under tho guard of two deputy 1
sheriffs. He will not bo taken to Ludlow Street
Jail, but will ba allowed to pass the night and to
morrow at his home, under the supervision of the
deputy sheriffs.
This arrest is in consequence of certain facts that
the Committee of Seventy have recently gleaned
from the mass of testimony that they sre constantly
being called on to examine. Their investigation
may seem slow, and tho results attained not so
great as the public may have a right to expect,
but it is a big job they have on hand, and the mem
,bers of the committee intrusted with the work of
investigation do not wish to make any false steps,
which they would be compelled to retrace, and
begin anew. They say they are doing well, and that
if the publid will but wait patiently, it will be re
warded by seeing all of tho thieves, who havo for so
long a time preyed on this city, brought before ths
proper tribunals tor trial. All, from tho highest to
the lowest, will be held to a strict accountability for
their peculations. v
EXTENSIVE FIKE IN WEST- ST.
LOSS OVER $25,009.
At six and a half o’clock, P. M., yesterday, a flro
broke out on the third floor of No. 85 West street,
and rapidly spread throughout the building, and to
No. 85 in spite of the utmost efforts of the firemen to
prevent it. Two additional alarms were given,
calling to the spot an additional number of fire ap
paratus, and with the help of these tho flames were
checked and eventually subdued. No. 86 was entire
ly gutted, and No. 85 badly damaged.
The first and fourth floors of No. 86 were occupied
by Charles Spear, dealer in flour and foed. He also
owns both buildings. His loss on buildings amounts
to SB,OOO, and on stock, $5,000. Insured for $15,000
on buildings and $4,090 on stock.
The second, third, and filth floors of No. 86 wore
occupied by H. B. Cromwell Co., shipping agents.
Their stock was totally destroyed. Loss $2,090. In
sured. The first floor of No. 85 was occupied by J.
L. Siebein, ship chandler. Loss $1,090. Fully in
sured. The upper floors were occupied by Camp,
Day Co., dealers in canned fruits. Loss on stock,
$1,090. Insured. The origin of the fire is unknown.
EIRE ON SHIP BO fIR O.
A BRIG BADLY DAMAGED.
A firo occurred last evening in the hold of the
brig D. R. Stockwell, Captain Jacob Harding, of
Bangor, Me., lying at Pier No. 6, East River. One
of the stevedores engaged in loading the cargo acci
dentally broke a lamp and thus set fire to the cargo.
sThere were one thousand pounds of kerosene oil
in the lower hold, and there were groat apprehen
sions that this inflammable matter would tike fire,
when a serious conflagration would be certain to
onsue. That portion of the cargo on the deck on
which the fire occurred, was damaged to the extent
of $19,000. Strange to say, the oil did not take fire,
owing to the exertions of the firemen. Tho cargo
belongs to a number of parties, and is probably
insured.
The vessel is owned by Thurston Prosby, of
Bangor, Me., and is damaged to the extent of $10,090.
Insured by fire and other insurance companies. The
shipping adjoining was not damaged, nor was the
pier alongside of which the vessel is lying.
WILLIAM HUGHES ASSOCIATION.
A NEW FOURTH WARD ORGANIZATION.
A meeting was held on last evening at No. 3 Madi
son street for the purpose of forming an organiza
tion of the citizens of the Fourth Ward. The asso
ciation being as much for social intercourse as for
political purposes, so as to bring together tho most
honest and respectable elements of the ward. Many
influential and substantial citizens of the ward be.
ing present, unanimously agreed to name the or
ganization the William Hughes Association,” out
of respect to that gentleman, who is acknowledged
to bo one of |he most high-toned, liberal, and
esteemed citizens of the Fourth Ward. The follow
ing is a list of the officers of the organization who
were unanimously elected at the meeting: Jeremiah
Murphy, President; William F. Hayes, Vice-Presi
dent; Patrick H. McCann, Recording Secretary;
Edward Stanton, Financial Secretary; Morris O’Con
nell, Treasurer; Richard Fitzpatrick. Sergeant-at-
Arms.
MURDER, OIV ACCIDENT 2
Coroner Schirmer held an investigation, yesterday,
in the case of John Sullivan, late of Newark, N. J.,
who died, in the Park Hospital, from a fracture of
the skull, received in some unknown manner. On
Wednesday last Sullivan was found drunk in the
street, He was taken to tho Church street police
station, and was able to give his name and answer
other questions. He made no complaint then of
feeling badly, nor was there any signs of violence
having been used on him. On the following morn
ing he was found to be insensible, and was removed
to the Park Hospital, where the attendant surgeons
gave it as their opinion that he was suffering from
fracture of the skull, cansing compression of the
brain. Death ensued in a few hours. Tho post
mortem showed that the suspicions of the surgeons
were correct. How or in what manner the deceased
received bis injury is unknown. A vordict of
death from fracture of the skull, received in some
unknown manner, was rendered by the jury.
Mr. Adams on Dr. Sherman’s Rup
tube Cure.
South Orange, N. J., Nov. 21,1871,
To the Editor of Pomeroy’s Democrat:
Many persons think rupture is not curable, and
that Dr. Sherman’s method of cure is not reliable,
or, in plain English, “humbug;” but as I was rup
tured three years and found myself getting worse
from the use of trusses, I made up my mind to see
him and try for myself. lam a butcher, and was
ruptured lifting a quarter of beef, and yet while un
der Dr. Sherman’s treatment I did not favor myself,
and was entirely cured. Reading in your paper for
the first time of Dr. Sherman’s cures, of No. 697
Broadway, your city, I send you this statement,
hoping others suffering from rupture will try the
same remedies. Frederick Adams,
No. 16 Centre Market, Newark, N. J.
Picking Pockets in a Church.—De
tective Farley yesterday afternoon arrested John,
Malsone, whilo in the act of picking a lady’s pocket.
in St. Patrick’s Cathedral, during the funeral ser
vices of Celestin Austin, who died while on the pas-«
sage to France. The prisoner, when searched, w&s
found to have several packages of money concealed
on his parson. Heuwas locked up at Police Head
quarters.
Bold Robbery in Chatham Street.
—While Henry Skelton, of No 231. William street,
was passing in front of No. IJ3 Chatham street,
yesterday, he was suddenly attacked by Richard
Harkins, arjd two ethers, one of whom dealt him a
violent blow In the mouth, and then took from him
a watch and chain and riiig, worth s3l, Harkins
was arrested. The others escaped. Harkins was
committed to the Tombs by Justice Hogan*
A Victim op the late. Steamboat
Disaster.— The body of John Mallon, late a fireman
on the steamer City of New London, burned on the
liver Thames, near Norwich, was brought on io this
city yesterday, and taken to his late residence, No.
526 West Twenty-sin th street. Coroner Herrmann
held an inquest. Deceased was a native of Ireland,
aged forty years.
Transfer oj? Sergeants.— President
Smith yesterday transferred Sergeant John T. E®sk
ley from th.a Eleventh to the Twenty-third Precinct;
and Sergeant James Miller from. Use Twenty'third
to the Eleventh Precinct.
QHEATiHQ THE UKOERTAKER.
The Hillsboro*- (N. C.) Zeader gives ti.q following j
Tlie man who can have his coffin ma*e while alive
must look at death philosophically. We bear of a
case in point in Parson county. Mr, itiohard Itargis,
who lives near Bradeher’a storethirty ckhi years
ago turned out a sassafras tree to, grow fo,; the pur
pose of making himself a aud about twelve
months ago the old man had cut flown, and got
lEome one in Roxborough to fnako his coffin out of it.
The old chap occasionally gets in it, and stretches
himself out way showing the neighbors “a
good fit.” Ho fSbl the maker of fho coffin iff whetM
so ho is one Jiving man who will have no fuss ovef
life grave about tho whoa dead. This reminds
us of an old coon in ksMreesboro, who had a coffin
cast o? iron before the w ir. He had his grave dug
also, and walled uu with bricks—with tv m gnifleenr
tombstone setting forth liis'name, date of birth, and
fixing his deafh “somewhefS about the year 1851.”
But he was alivo and kicking iY 1863 The-old chap'
kept his cast iron coffin in his cc-in crib/and used to
shell corn in it. Tho crib needed no lock al night;
for you couldn’t get a negro to go Sear it after dark.
ladyUoeweM wp er.
A Titled Swindlsr and drunkard.
Slse Gets Fire Years for Stealing
Spoons.
A Career of Strange Infamy.
(From the Lonißr» Telegraph.)
A sentence of five years penal servitude upon a
woman for any offense other than a islony oi the
deepest dye—such as infanticide, attempt to murder,
or forgery—seems, at the first a terribly harsh
punishment. Undoubtediy, “siisce laws were mide
for every degree.” it may appear diffi ult to rocon
cile with strict reason the practio6‘ef treating female
criminals more leniently than culprits of tbe rude
sox. The wisdom of our ancestors, which, if it watt
practical, was also decidedly brutal, made no distinc
tion between the sexes in such matters. The woman
convict was hanged, flogged, or put> in the stocks
with inflexible impartiality; nay, m some cases, she
was,treated oven more harshly than tho male. A
man who killed his wife was merely hanged; where
as, a woman who killed her husband, being deemed
guilty of “petty treason,” was burned alive. Fe
males awaiting their trial were put ii> irons, and
such fetters are still comprised among tho rusty
relics in tho grim cupboard at Newgate. About the
commencement of the present ‘-eer. lury a more hu
mane system began to gain ground; yet it was not
until 1829 that
THE WHIPPING OF WOMEN
was abolished by Sturges Bourne’s Act; and schrcftly
twenty years havo elapsed since fomaios were, put oa
the treadmill at Brixton and Wandsworth, i t .nay
still bo asked why, if a woman be convicted of an
atrocious misdeed, she should, noi undergo as severe
physical discipline as that inflicted upon- a man.
Horrible cruelty to children is a crime u ihapp.ily not
rare among that sox which we are proud to call the
gentler and tho weaker. Why should the child tor
turer expect to find that mercy which she has denied
to others? Tho answer to these queries is obvious.
Woman cannot physically, and doos not yet morally,
enjoy all the advantages possessed by man; and un»
til the equality between tho sexes is es.a'.-l-sheJ,
which win bo, wo should say, aboni tho time of tha
Greok Kalends, we must, as in a game of billiard#
with an unskilLul player, give points 1 in proportion
to tho want of strong th.
One Florence Cowper, calling liorsolf the Honor
able,” has been doomed by the judge at the Middle
sex Sessions to be kept in penal servitude for fiva
years. The indictment on which she was convicted
merely chargod her with having sto on
TWO SPOONS, VALUE TWELVE SHILLINGS.
To tho cursory observer, the fact that, for purloin
ing property of so little value, a woman still young,
of excellent education, and formerly occupying a kind
of aristocratic position is to pass live years’ lii'e with
in the dismal walls of a convict prison may seem
painful, and even shocking. A couple of spoons,
worth only haif-a-dozen shillings apiece! And ior
filching them a lady who has been presented atomic!
is to linger for sixty mouths at Milbank or some cog
nate Ergastolo is to have her iresseg cropped; is to
wear a hideous surge dress and a mob-cap; is to pick
oakum till her fingers ache, or wring but foul clothea
over tho laundry copper. It seems cruel; it seoms
dreadful; but wo need only wait a little to discern
that no very harsh meed of justice has been meted
out to Florence Cowpei‘. It was on the matter of the
spoons, indeed, that she w.is convicted; but there
were two other indictments against her—one of steal
ing a watch; a third for obtaining a ring by false pre
tenses. Having been found guilty on the first charge,
the remaining indictmerus were not gone into.
Nevertheless, so soon as the jury I.ad pronounced
their verdict, the real arraignment of Florence Cow
per began. Ouv system of criminal jurisprudence
does not comprise—and it is perhaps fortunate that
such is the case—tho remarkable mstiument of pro
cedure common to all the Latin nations, and known
hi France as tho aote d’accusilion. We are as des
titute of it as of a public accuser. No Procureur-
Generai can with us preface the evidence tor tne pro
secution by au elaborate, exhaustive, and
MELODRAMATIC BIOGRAPHY
of the prisoner—tracing her, as might have been
done in Florence Cowper’s case, from her earliest
schooldays to her appearance in tho “Pen at St.
James’s, and thence to her inglorious apparition in
the dock at tho Middlesex Sessions; expiating on her
two marriages, detailing her every adventure, cata
loguing her frailties and tabulating her rogueries,
and winding up with a witherm g per oration; thus
giving the jury very little option save to convict tho
wretched creature. In English courts of justice
these preliminary biographical notices are not per
mitted. There is tho indictment, which sots form a
certain question of spoons. It is the duty cf counsel
for the prosecution to show that tho person indicted
stole those spoons; it is the task of counsel for the
defense to show, if he can. that tho articles wore not
stolen by his client. Nothing must be said, about
forks, or soup ladles, or fish-slices. That would be
traveling out of the record; tho spoons alone are the
things with which the judge and jury have to deal.
But, assuming the charge to bo brought home to tho
prisoner, a virtual acte d’acciisdlion can then be ad
duced in aggravation of punishment. Previous con
victions may be proved; prison warders and matrons
step into the witnoss-box, and depose as to tho num
ber of times they have had tho interesting convey
ancer of spoons under their care; and the prosecu
tion may have such a lifohistory of the guilty person
to narrate as may bo enough to make the jury’s hair
stand on end, and incite the judge to deliver a sen
tence of exemplary severity.
This is what was done in the case of Florence Cow
per. The naughty little woman seems to havo been
one of the most
IMPUDENT AND INGENIOUS SWINDLERS,
who have flourished since the days of the “Princess
Cariboo.” Her culpability in the affj-ir of spoon*
was the smallest of her peccadilloes. Not many
months since she was in trouble, and very serious
trouble, too, on a charge of ootaining a sum of
money’ by false pretenses from a West end tailor.
She contrived to creep through some ioophoio of the
law; but the detectives were very soon iri pursuit of
her again. There was a charge relative to a watch
of which she had fraudulently obtained possession,
and which she Illegally pawned; and next camo the
business of the spoons which she had stolen from a
widow lady-with whom she lodged. A great many
people seemed-to have been very kind to Florence
Cowper, and sho usually evinced her gratitude by
robbing her benefactors, 'lhe prosecution further
stated, that the prisoner had been for years a no
torious swindler, and Unit she had victimized, scores
of tradespeople. A detective officer then gave a
detailed account of her career. About her origin
there is apparently something mysterious; for,
though she has a father auve—a florist or seedman—
she was, when about twelve years of ago, placed
under another name at a fashionable boarding
school, by a nobleman. >She had been twice mar
ried. From her first husband, a gentleman of for
tune, she was divorced. Her second, who was also
a man of considerable means, is now insane, ami
the detective observed that
BOTH HUSBAND AND WIFE DRANK HEAVILY.
Behind the scenes of the female swindler’s career
there is usually an immensity of'raw brandy. It is
the brandy that gives tho nerve, that stills the
raging tooth of conscience, that, with its fiery fumes
conjures up the shadow land of crime where ail
things wear an aspect not their own, and that in tho
the slays’tho devotee.
Florence Cowper had bean iu an asylum for fallen
women, and she had had a child, which had been
consigned to a baby farm; whence it had boon res
cued, to find a home,! we suppose, in the workhouse;
unless, indeed, tho authorities mercifully permit tho
convict mother to keep her babe with her ia prison.
Tho miserable woman was undefended, and all that
sho could plead in mitigation of punishment was.
that she was
ONCE PRESENTED AT COURT,
and that some former debts of hers had been paid by
the trustees of her first hueband, vzho was worth
£20,000. All her cogging and lying, her wiles and
stratagems, had como to this dismal bankruptcy—to
be “presented” again at court, in the dock at tha
Middlesex. Sessions. Justice, wo take it, although
seemingly, harsh, has been in reality humane toward,
this abandoned creature. She is but thirty-four; sha
may repent. At least in prison slue will get no mora
brandy, and will have to be industrious. A hundred
years since sho would have swung-at Tyburn, or have
been sold as a slave in the Plantations; or, failing a
conviction, for felony, she would have gone to Bride
well to boat hemp, and to be mangled by the beadle's
lash. Ai any rate, her removal from the world for a
time, not only rids society of a most dangerous pest,
but gives her one more chance to retrieve a misspent
iite.
“ZE D M POKAIRE/’’
A FRENCHMAN’S ADVENTURE AT A GAME
WHICH HE DID NOT UNDERSTAND.
It must bo told, this story on our French friend.
Mons.. La Blanc, who was a passenger on the Biradt>r
a few days since, from New Orleans,a St. Louis,
paper. Shortly after leaving the Crescent City, the
Fyonch gentleman was introduced to the jolly West
ern pastimo called poker—a game he did not under
stand. Nevertheless, he proved to be an apt schol
ar, and was soon found bluffing and betting with,
a courage quite astonishing to behold. Monsieur,
however, was an oasj’ goose to pluck, and, as will
naturally be inferred, ha was a heavy loser before
reaching St. Louis.
Wo met and embraced him (Frenchman fashion,
yon know) shortly alter the steamer had landed at
the wharf. We saw ho was troubled in
mind. At his request we acccmpanied him to th»
Southern Hotel. Ou our way. he spoke in a. sad,
mournful tone.
Ah, my friend, wat is zat wat you call lika
zis?” And he pushed his backward and for
ward.
Wo at once comprehended,
Poker! That’s it, eh
Oui, zatis him!” and banging the cane down on
the sidewalk. D—u himl Zat game cost me ona
tousaud dollairs.”
Again we comprehended;. Our French friend hafl,
during his trip up on tbq-Straddr, bet toe heavily on
“nary pair,” and had suffered. We patted him on
the back, and toid him nQS to feel discouraged—that
he would have better luck next time.
“No, sair!” he o-’?;laimed. “I r.p ask for mor a
luck. I no play no, more—wat you .call earn—
pokaire? No, by d- n, no more! Ino mora
wish to hear ze nai \e of pokairs in my two hirs t”
We reached the-Southern, when, tho Frenchman,
fatigued by his jcui’D.ey and distressed at hfs loss,
sought his roojjfy The woathar was damp and.
dully. He rang_ tho boll, when servant appeared
for orders,
“I want yo-a to make ze Lre burn, Lwant him
hot.”
“Aye, sir;, lean do that with the poker/’
The Frenchman groaned and frigiataned tha boy
with a look of savage despair.
“You Ct— —n rascale,” moaned, **lf you say
pokaire to me I will cut your throat Qff close up to
your hQQdI”
The servant hastily left, and saw nothing more of
the 3?‘renchman until the next morning, when ba
fouud him inquiring the way to the dining-hall. Ha
was not yet in tne best of humor.
“Zis is ze way to breakfast?-” he asked.
No, sir: that door leads io an ante-room?
The Frenchman became excited and confused*
He muttered through his hfl-lf closed teeth:
“By gave, I shall quit zis house. I aak for z»
b make zo fire burn, and you say he want pokaire;
I tell you d- —n zo pokaire. 1 ask for ze breakfast.
and you show me to ze anti-room. I tell you d a
ze anti. I lose one tousaud dollaire, and no mor«
j anti and zo pokaire.’’
t Saying which ho hurried down stairs, where wa
mot him thoroughly convinced that everybody in St
i Louis paid metre attention to poker than to auy othes
i branch of biiqlngßS,
5