TERMS $2,00 PER ANNUM
Invariably In Advance.
J, H. GR1BILL.,
M\ T. WIL LIAMSi
john c o rr.
(Bad anti out Native ^atul
Publishers and Proprietors,
WOODSTOCK, VIRGINIA, THU BSD AY, NOVEMBER P,1871,
iu Ueuaortardt 2* t I d
'l* PUBLISHED WEEKLY Br
j O I V H. ARABIU 4CO
SUBSCRIPTION PK1CK $2,00 A YKAR.
®S*All communications of a private nature
wilt lie charged for as advertising.
No ape r will be discontinued except at the op
tion of the publisher, until all arrearages have
been settled.
~;C~ All advertising due in advance.
JOB PRIMING.
All kinds of Job Work done at short notice and
at the niost reasonable rates.
Cants.
jAS. II. WILLIAMS, J. "J. WILLIAMS,
WM. T. WILLIAMS*
V WILLIAMS BROTHER,
1 ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
t'OODSTGCtf. SHENANDOAH CO.,
Practice iu the
Courts of Shenandoah County
VA
Amend to the Collection ot Claims in that
and Adjoining Counties.
J OUli T HARRIS
Has resumed the prac
tice of Law, at his old oflice, Harrisonburg, Va.
lie wiil practice in the courts of Rockingham,
Shenandoah, Page and arren. apl 1-ly
DR. JOHNSTON,
OF THE
BALTIMORE LOCK HOSPITAL,
OFFICE, 7 SOUTH FREDERICK .STREET.
From his extensive practice in the great llos
pitals of Europe and lift? first in this country
England, France* Philadelphia and else
where, can olier the most certain, speedy and
effectual remedy in the wo ill lor
DISEASES OF IMPRUDENCE.
Weakness of the Back or Limbs, Strictures,
Affection of the Kidneys or Bladder, Involuntary
Discharges, lmpotency, (leneial Debility,^Ner
.utsncss, Dyspepsia, Languor, Low Spirits,
'onfusion, of Ideas, Palpitation ot the Heart,
fimiditv, Trembling. Dimness of Fighter Gnldi
iess, '/Disease of the //ead, Throat, Nose or Fkin,
Vffections of the Liver, Lungs, Stomach or
dowel#-—those terrible Disorders arising troui
Solitary Habits of Youth-secret and solitary
practices more t&tal to their victims than the
onp ot the Syrens to the J/ariuers of Ulysses,
Righting their most brilliant hopes or anticipa
tions, rendering marriage, &c., impossible.
YOUNG MEN
Detailv, w’l o have become the victims ot
olitary Vi cc, that dreadiul and destructive
abit which annual ly sweeps to _ an untimely
rave thousands of young men of the most ex
ited talents and brilliant intellect,^ who might
tlierwise have entranced listening Senates with
he thunders of eloquence, or raked to ecstscy
he living lvre, n ay call with tuff couhuence.
MARRIAGE.
Harried persons,or Young Me* contemplating
larriage, aware of Physical Weakness (LoseoT
'rocreativc Power—lmpotency), Nervous E-v
itability. Palpitation, Organic 11 cakness, Ner
ous Debility, or any other Disqualification
seedily relieved.
lie w ho places himself under the care ol Dr
may religiously confide in his honor as a
entleman, and coctidentlj rely upon his saill
s a physician.
ORGANIC WEAKNESS
imediatelv Cured tied Full Vigor Restored
This distressing Affection—which renders life
iserable aud marriage impossible—is the pen
tv paid bv the victims of improper indulgences,
sung person* are too nut t.. commit excesses
am not being aware of the dreadful consequen
s that mav ensue. Nov. who that understand
is subject will picb u l to deny that the power
procreation lost sooner bv’ those falling into
proper habit-than by the "prudent Besides
in" deprived oftlie pleasure ot healthy offspring
e most seiious and destructive symptoms
both body and mind arise. The system he
e derri o'd- the Physical and J/cntal Func
,m“ weakened. Loss' ot Procreative Power
»rvous li 1 itahilitv, Dyspepsia. Palpitation ot
e //eart. Indigestion. Constitutional Debilttv
d Wasting of the Frame, Cough Cousump ion,
*cav and Death.
CURE WARRANTED IN TWO DAY’S
•ersons ruined in health bv unlearned pro
iders who keep them trifling month alter
nth, taking poisonous and injurious com
unds should apply imuu-ri lately.
Dll. JOHNSTON.
mbtr #f the Royal College of Surgeons.London
aduateofone of the most eminent College#
the United States, and the greater part o!
use life has been spent in the hospitals ol
udou, Pa is. Philadelphia and elsewhere. has
•eted some of the most astonishing cures that
re ever known many troubled w ith ringing
the head and ears when asleep, great ner
usness. being alarmed at sudden sounds.
ihfulncES. with frequent blushing, attended
netimes with deraugemont of mmd, wore
ed immediately'.
TAKE PARTICULAR NOTICE.
.i. addresses all those who have injured
mselves bv improper indulgence and solitary
tilts, which ruin both body and mind, imhtting
■m for either business study, society or mar
lemsaie some of the sad and melancholy
■t- produced bv the early babii# of youth,
Weakness of the Back and limb*, pains in
Lead, dimness of sight, loss of muscu ai
tr. palpatation of the heart, Dyspepsia, ner
i Ir. itability, Derangement of the digestive
•tions, General deb ility, symptoms of con
p .ions. Ac.
ENTAI LY.—The fearful effects on,the mind
much to he dreaded. Loss of memory,
fusion of ideas, Depression ot spirit*. Evil
^holdings, Aversion *o society, Self-Dis
t, Love of solitude, Timidity, Ac., are some
ne evils produced.
Iiousaiuls of persons ot all ages can now
re what is the cause ot their dueling health,
ng their vigor becoming weak. pale, ner
9 and emaciated,having a singuuu appeal-^
9 about the eyes, cough and symptoms o,
sumption.
YOUNG MEN.
i have injured themselves by a certain pine
indu lgcd iu When alone, a habit frequent
li ned from evil companions or at school, the
ts of which aie nightly felt, even wlion
p and if not cured renders marriage linpos
.,aud destroys both mind and body, should
r immediately.
hut a pity that a young man, trie hope in
jountrv aud the pride ot his parei ts, s.ioulo
latched from all prospect? and enjoyment ot
bv the consequences of deviating from tin
ol nature, and iudu'.ing a certain secret
t. Such persons must, before coniteopla
MABRIAGE,
ect that a sound mii.d and body are the
t necessary requisites to promote connubial
uiness. Indeed, without these the journey
ugh life becomes a weary pilgrimage, the
pect hourly datken? to the view, the mind
ones shadowed with despair,^ aud fill ed with
melancholy rellection that tne lnipiness o i
ther is blighted with our own.
A CERTAIN DISEASE1
When the misguided and iiniirurtont rotary o
pleasure finds that he has imbibed the seeds ol
this painful disease it too often hap; ens that an
ill time sense of shame or dread or
discovery deters him Dorn applying-; to those
who from education and rispeetibiiity. can
alone befriend him. He falls into the hands o!
ignorant and designing pretenders, who.incapa
ble of curing, filch Lis pecuniary substance.,
keep him trilling month after uwnth, or as long
as the smalh st fee can be obtained, and in des
pair leave him with ruined health to sigh ovei
his galling disappointment: or, by the use ot that
deadly poison. Mercury, cause the constitution
al symptoms of this hoi rid disease to make theii
appearance, such as ulcerated sore tbroa*, dis
eased nose, noclu rial pain in the bead and
limbs, dimness ofsigbt, deafness, nodes on the
shin bone.' and arms, blotches on the head, face
and extremt lies, progressing with frightful rap
idity, till at last the palate of the mouth or the
bones of tb e nose tall in. and the victim ofthis
atvtui disease becomes a horrid object of com
miseration till death put a period to his dread
ful sufi'erings, by sendiug-biln to that undiscuver
ed couutry'lrom whence no traveler returns.
To such, therefore, l)r. Johnson-olfe is tin
niest certain, speedy, pleasant and effectual rem
euy in tlie world.
OFFICE, 7 SOUTH FREDERICK ST.„
Left hand side going irom Baltimore street,
a few doors from the Corner. F'ail iiotto observe
name and number.
N„ letters received unless postpaid and con
taining a stainv to be usedon the reply. 1 Or
tons writing should state age, and send a portion
of advei tisemcn-t describing symptoms.
The Doctor’s DIPLOMA hangs iu his office.
ENDOfiSBMET OF THE PRESS.
The many thousands cured at this establighmcn
within the last twenty years, and the numerous,
important surgical operations uerformeu by Da.
Jotiuston, witnessed by the iVpVters of the Sun
and many other papers, notices ni which have
appeared again before the hi,
staudiue as a gentleman ot i/harac.er and re
ponsibifity, is a sufficient guarantee to tb<
afheted.^ srEKDl.Li fUI/ED.
“Vjl- th
gotrf (EimtS
IfALTBY HOUSE,
It11 0. E. HOG AX, Proprietor.
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND.
This House, Having been thoroughly re-iitted
and re-furnished, renders its accommodations sec
ond to none in the city. june II
American house.
SOOTl' <jfc BROUGHTON, Proprietors.
Corner Pennsylvania Avenue and ~th Street,
WASHIN6T0 N, D. C.
Board per Day,.$2.
OrEN AT ALL HOURS.
First class Bar—choice Wikes,Liquors A Skqahs.
June i—Iv
James W. Carr, C. Boyd Barrett
Alexandria, Va. Loudoun, Co., I a
JTY HOTEL,
C O'.iNER CAMERON AND ROYAL Sts.,
ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA,
C P. U BARRETT Proprietors.
THE HOTEL COACHES
Will run in connection with all the Trains
and Steamboats.
BAR AND BILLIARD R00M8 ATTAC1IKD.
July—t. f.
ELSIES HOTEL
C1IAS. WELSH Proprietor.
MAIN STREET,
WOODSTOCK VIRGINIA.
Always open for the reception of guests.—
Stable well supplied, ami attentive Hostlers
in attendance. Bar wellJurnisbed with best
of liquors. Sgp. 23-tf
rI UYLOR HOTEL,
MAIN St., WINCHESTER, VA.
This house so favorably known to the trav
eling public lias been recently refitted and
furnished in the most approved sij’ie, making
it one of the first class hotels in the I alley
of Virginia. Nov. 3, 1870.-H
ERCHANT’S HOTEL,
ON THE EUROPEAN PLAN
iiteyuv SCHOFIELD, Pbopbietor.
Room, 7o ots. per day or Regular Fare, $2
Corner Hanover and I'ratt Streets,
It ALT I MORE, MD.
Three Squares from the B. 0. 1*. It. De
pot, and within Kir? (5', Minutes walk of the
Principal STEAMBOAT WHARFS.
Dee. 10 1808—ly.
KEEN’S MANcION HOUSE
JAMES QUEEN, Proprietor,
is a First-class Hotel in every respect. Th>
citizens of the 1 alley, having busines in Alex
andria or Washington, nud travelers going
North or South, will find this ah agrfceble vest
iug place on the t-oute, r,s it does not requirt
the early start by several liQUrs as froia Wash
ington or Baltimore. Cars and steamboats
leave Alexandria for Washington and return
every hour from -1 A. M., to 7£ 1‘. M:,
Jan. 7, ’09—ly
'I NEED,
Having reuioved to his old stand mimed]
ately opposite the National Hotel, is piepai
ed to accomodate the traveling public wit)
FIRST CLASS ENTERTAINMENT.
Board Lodgixg and Littny at Redecki
He has also re-established his BAR am
CONFECT it >N E R V at his old stand, where ht
will be gratified to serve his friends and tin
public generally.
A MIE S 0 N CLARKE
ALEX’A. PLAINING MILLS,
A I DOOR AND BLIND FACTORY.
Nos. 27, 29 and 31 N Mabkkt, St.
ALEXANDRIA, VA.
Dealers ix
FLOORING ANI) WHITE PINE LUMBER
Liberal discount to trade.
J. R. LaMBDEN,
mar. 3—ly. Archt. Sup’.
T7MNEST WARE-ROOMS IN THE SOUTH
1 WILLIAM. II. MUIR,
MANUFACTURER Of A AD DEALER 7 A
all kinds of furniture.
Chairs, Mattresses Looking-Glasses &c., &c
No. 141 A 143 King, Corner of Asaph st.
ALEXANDRIA, VA.,
Woodstock, Yibgisia
sop. 1G—ly
ALEXANDRIA, VA
DAVID U. WALTON
MOSES WALTON.

7 ALT ON WALTON
Uttouneys Atlaw,
WOODSTOCK, EI1EN. CO., VA.
MOSKS WALTON also practises in tin
Counties of Page, Warren and Rockingham.
Having qualified in the District and Cirri*i
Courte of the United Mate*, jn Virginia. He i
prepared to prosecute claims in said Courts. Cit
ing special attention to cases in Banki uptcy.
dt-cl7-tf
rpn3 SOUTHERN MUTUAL EIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY.
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL, $250,000.,
Chartered by the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Office—N. E. Corner Ninth Main Sts.,
RICHMOND. VA.
Issues Policies on Farm and City Proper
v, also on .Merchandise, for uny term not exceed
ing tire years, at rates as low as the prompt pay
munt of the losses will permit.
J. H. Calveut, l’res’t; J. W. Skxson, Sec’y.
Price, V P ATreas;
Da. H. O. Davipson, G. Agent
J. W. DANNER Solicitor Woodstock, Vr
rt. H. Riddlebbrubk, Agt. Edinburg, Va
Apr
j U. MAPU18. A R lUCKABO
l\7 ooorrocK tannery.
W We'would inform our friends and cus
tomers that we are now carrying on the Tann
ing Business, at the Y'ard known as the William.
Tanyard, situated on
WATER STREET,
in Woodstock.
We propose paying, at all tiftigs, the highest
market prices tor bai k, hides <&c., .and will lui
nisfh all kinds of.Leather at reasonable prices.
We have now on hand a sucerb Stock ol
Upper, Sole Leather, Calfskins &c., wtiitoh we
iivite our friend* to examine.
Dec. lo,-tl. MATHIS MCRAE©
Httafttftiifoii* (Bards.
Hooe, wedderburn CO.,
(Successor to Fowle Co.)
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
For the sale of every description of
FLOUR, GRAIN, COUNTRY PRODUCE <!cc
No. 2 Prince tre et,
ALEXANDRIA, V\.
Consignments solicited. Bags furnished w hoi
ordered. Agents New York Steamship t om
pany. Goods forwarded free of commission.
JAMES W. NALLS. 15. W. NALLS
JAMES W. NALLS SON,
DEALERS IN
Doors, Sasli, Isiinds, Paints. Hardware
Lead, Oils, Cement, Calcined Plaster, &e.
No 187 King Street,
ALEXANDRIA, VA
apr. 21, tf. Terms Ca sli
jyj’ARQUlS KELLEY’S
VALLEY MARBLE WORKS.
AT HARRISONBURG, VIRGINIA.
VV’e would be pleased to furnish our frinds ol
Shenandoah and the adjoining counties with an\
thing in our line, at very low prices.
A good assortment of
MONUMENTS, TOMBS, HEAD AND FOOT
STONES;
always on hand, of the very best Dalian and
American Marble.
All Orders will be prom) tly filled.
GEO. iJ. ANTHONY.
Aug. 11,—tf. Agenis.
E. E. TGLSOS, X. WITHERS,
ofl'oison, Bro. t co. of Newman, Withers aco.
riAOLSON CO.,
X GENERAL COMMISSOIN MERCHANTS,
AND DEALERS IN
FERTILIZERS, SALT, FISH, GROCERIES
&c., &c.,
No. 38 corner King and Water Sts.,
ALEXANDRIA, VA
iig.Il, 1S70—If.
J-yj-VT READ J*H1S!
Unless you wish to buy your
SEGASR DIRECT FROM
Tlie Manufactory ami save 2”> per cent.
We have the largest Segar Manufactory in
the State of Virginia, and are prepared to
furnish Segars lower than they can be bought
in New York or Baltimore.
Also keep constantly on hand a well se
lected stock of Leaf and Manufactured To
bacco, Snuff, Pipes, &c.
All goods warranted to be as represented.
STEINER YOI1E,
No. 4 'J King Street,
Dec. f*—ly Alexandria, Va.
\riRGiN! A TELEGRAPH COMPANY
ALEXANDRIA VA,
Stockholder* in this Company will please take
notice that the following acting agents are the
only authorized persons to make collections ot
money for this Company viz.
ilONES WALTON Director Woodstock.
COL. G. W. MURPHY Agent Mt. Jackson.
CAPT. G. 15. SAMUELS Front Royal.
A. I>. IRlck Director Harrisonburg.
ROUT. BEVERLEY President, Plains.
Win. II. TAMS Agent Staunton.
When they collect, they will also furnish the
party paying them, with a cerlificateot Stock
Money paid to any other persons except myself
will not be recognized.
GEORGE C. WE DDE Fill URN
Secretary and Treasticr.
Harrisonburg Register please copy.
Feb. 23—tf.
TALLEY WOOLEN FACTORY,
N EA R M 11) D LET OWN VA.
l am now prepared to sell for cash orexchange
for wool, o- produce, coverlids, carpetings Cas
imers, old fashioned Casinetts, G-4 and hilled
Liusey, Beaver Cloths,
PLAIDS, PLAIN FLANNELS,
Sticking Yams asserted,; Ac., at the very lowest
rates, and all kinds of Woolen goods usually
made in other ManufactuiUs. Fullingaiid Dress
iugand, Dying of Cloths &c., done in the best
manner, anil wool carding promply executed.
Call and examine.
T. P. MATHEWS,
may 12, I8T0—tf. Middletown, Ya.
Old Commuuwealth please copy
JJAINTING,
GRAINING,
PAPERING c
I am always ready and prepared to do al
lands of work in my line of business, at short
notice and on reasonable terms 1 am also
prepared to do
ALL KINDS OF T URSiNG
I solicit the patronage of the public, and
return thanks for past patronage.
Sept. 24, tf. JNO. H. FRAVEL.
NEW JEWELRY STORE
jl/JR.G. K. LEWIS has removed his 6hop
T’-J-nearly opposite the
NATIONAL HOTEL,
where will be found a well selected
STOCK OF JEWELL Y,
Spectacles, Clocks, &c at very
REASONABLE It A T E S.
Call and examine mv stock of the celebrated
DIAMOND SPECTACLES,
which are
Guaranteed to uive Entire Satisfaction.
Watches, Clocks and Jewelry repaired and
warraute 1 12 mouths.
June.—tf.
Agents Wanted Everywhere.
GG. EVANS CO.,
•GREAT ORIGIN A E AN1) ONLY KELI
ABLE GIFT BOOK ENTEltl'KlSE.
17th .year of its Establishment,
806 Chestnut St., and 56 N Eighth St
Philadelphia.
New Books, New Gifts, New Attractions
We will send you any book publish ‘n
the United States on receipt of I’u
er's Price.
Order any book you may desire and it will
be promptly forwarded with a gift.
Our New Imperial Classified Catalogue foi
1871, just issued, being a complete guide to
every branch of Americas Literature, with
ndex, sent free on receipt of a postage
,tamp. If you order books not'oh our new
Catalogue, please mention the name of the
oubiisher.
®@“SEND FOR IT. S'ENli FOR IT
Apr. IB—0 m.
RS. RICHARDSON.
AUCH1TECT AND BUILDER,
iDiNBURO; SHENANDOAH COUNTY, VA.,
Is prepared to receive atvd execute orders
or all work in his line, l’arliea proposing to
bnild will please call'or send for designs.—
Satiafcctiou guaranteed in all cases,
marah, 31, If.
Beckham a co.,
(Successors to GWIN, BECKHAM &CO.)
GENERAL
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
No. 20 South Union' Street,
a. j. biedlbk, ALEXANDRIA Ya.
of Page Co., Va.
/3l~Liberal advancements made on Flourin
store, andall orders promptly blled
Jan 11—1 vi
Best keen and blabk t^sa,' siat.
Pencils, Nutn’c a, bair Pius and Concrn
jtiated Lye toi r=ale Uj
J. F SREILV
IreUraK
THE GRECIAN BEND.
The ladies now have something new—
’Tis strange, I do declare
Tis tiue 'tis not a hat or dress,
Or fixiugs for ihe hair
But as they walk the streets in robes
Which every color blend,
They have a way of stooping so,
And call it "Grecian Band,”
I sa w my ’girl c«e afternoon,
And to my great surprise.
She walked just like a kangaroo
With pepper in its eyes.
Said 1, “My love, pray, what is wrong—
Can I assistance lend
■Go’ way,” said she, “why, don’t you see
I’ve got the Grecian Bend 1”
I asked her once wish me to come
And ride out for awhile—
“Oh, no,” sail she, “I'd rather walk,
And ihoSv the latest s yie.”
Says I, “My pretty darling dear
I beg you, as a friend,
Hold up your head and show some sense
And stop your Grecian Bend.”
“I’ll walk just a> 1 like,” she said,
“And there the matter ends
I must in ‘fashion be, you know,
Though I should lose my friends,
And if you do not like my style
Our love is at an end,”
And so 1 lost, the sweetest girl,
All by the Grecian Bend.
t# i js 0 f t H a u e
[From the New York Sun.]
BRANDS FROM THE BURNING.
THRILLING STORY OF THK NORTHWEST CA
LAMITY.
Roused from Slumber by the Roaring
F/anus—A Terrible Ride in the Dark—
Siorched, Blistered, and Maimed by
the Drifted Brands—Stcept off by the
FLod.
Yesterday there arrived in this city
by the Erie Railway train a number of
persons d irect from the scenes of the
gnat forest fires in Wisconsin and Mich
igan. There were nine in the party—
James W. Hunter, Mrs. Surah Hunter,
George Martin, ot Flushing, L. I:, Heu
ry Porter, Samuel Hillman, Charles My
ers, of Freehold,N. J.; Margaret McGov
ern. Edward Wallace, and George
Blakeslee of this city. All were suffer
ing from having iuhaled the smokes,
fumes, and ashes of the fire. Mrs. Hun
ters hair (which she says flowed to the
waist) was completely burned off; oue
side of her face and neck and, shoulders
were fearfully injured/three deep hole*
having been made by the glowing ciu
ders iu the flesh. Her hands also were
covered with blisters. Mr. Hunter’s
face, neck and uandswete bally burned.
Mr. Marlin's free was a hideous specta
cle. 0. e cheek was literally raw, and
great blotches pitted his left arm, shoul
der and back. One eye is hopelessly
ruined, and the other inflamed to au om
inous degree. Ai! were scarred, especi
ally ou the face, neck, hands, and feet..
As they all say, no tougue can tell their
aomny ofmiud. pain, anguish, and ter
ror, nor can language or peucil portray
the dreadful scenes through which they
have passed.
A TERRIBLE STORY.
Mr. Hunter’s story is at once graphic
and thrilling. He resided at PesLtego
with his wife and little child seven years
of age. Their house was about three
miles frout the town, just at the edge of
a strip of forest. There hud bet n fires
iu the woods and prairies for a week
previously, and night after uight they
had sat at the window gazing upon the
gorgeous panorama of flame, smoke
and sparkling cinders as it moved along
the hotizou. Very little fear was enter
tained, as the course of the fire seemed
away from the town. On Suuday night
they attended thechutchin the village.
They iyid Martiue, the hired man, retired
to rest early, wholly unsuspecting the
fearful peril that was soon to overwhelm
them. At about midnight they were
aroused by tbe roar aud cracking of tbe
flames. At first they were almost pet
rifiJii with amazement and fear. The
bluz ng woods seemed marching upon
them. A brisk breeze was stiriug, but
tne strong currents of hot. air raged to
and fid' with a hotid howling sound.
Quickly dressing they rushed "into the
yard. Tbe sky was thick with smoke,
and showers ot sparks which hurled hith
er and thither, assailing their faces,
eyes, and clothing. From the barn came
a piteous chorus of neigus, bellowing1?,
and screams troru the ten meet came,
horses atid other animals. After great
difficulty they were released and com
pelled to co out. The cattle at once
stampeded from the fire, btit the horses
tnmbledand seemed paralyzed, their
nostrels expanding their eyes dilating
and glaring, and their mouths frothing.
With great difficulty atid haste they
were harm ssel and attached to a long
lumber box wagon, into which a few ar
tides were thrown, and the party moun
ted and drove off. An eighth of a mile
had been traversed at a rapid rate when
a sudden gust of wind drove a mass of
red-hot cinders upon them, filling the
•air with stifing smoke. Where the sparks
fell they burned into the flesh. The lit
tle girl screamed wi’h fear: Oh ma
ma, I am burning up!’ She cried and
the others groaned, shook off the fire
aud covered themselves with blankets
The air for a moment was black, end
breathing was almost impossible. The
norses staggered backward, aud reared
with furious screams, and theu with a
plunge that unseated those in the wagon,
madly tu£hed down the rond at almost
lightning speed.’ All control of them
was lift, and the party clung to the sides
of tl e vehicle to keep'ii). On they flew,
the wheels striking again:.t the stoues,
and the wagou swaying to and fro from
one side of the road to the other. Theu
for a lithe the wind changed, and the
clouds of cinders were carried iu another
direction. .They could sco that all tha
northern part of the village was on fire,
and the flames seemed moving with the
velocity of clouds. All the buildings
weie oiwood. much of it being pitch pine,
and as there had been no rain tor a long
time ud the sun had baked everything
dry, the fire rau along them as though
they had been a train of gunpowder. The
blaze came like a mountainous wave with
a bum-ui-m, and a roar-r and his-ss-s
aud horrible souuds of crashiug chim
neys aud timbers. The villagers rushed
through the streets to the river, into
which they plunged. The horses had
reached the head of the principal street
when the sea ot flame had begun to surge
through it. To pass here vvas certain
destruction, and if the maddened
ed animals could not bo turned down the
crossing death was at hand for all. W ith
great efforts the reins were drawn and the
feat accomplished, and on dash the
clumsy team bounding and rattling over
the road. A turn of three rnilps must be
made to reach the river. Haifa mile is
passed and a shallow creek reached, into
which the burses plunged in spite of all
efforts. The three quickly saturate their
clothing aud dash water over the horses,
who whinny, paw, aud neigh as though
they appreciated the situation. Agatu a
start is made, and the party go along at
high speed. lielore the two miles is
reached the fire has surrounded them.
One part aloue is untouched; it is a
farm laue ruuuing dowa toward the river.
Into this they turn. Closer and clcser
comes the tire. Sharks are scattered over
them, burning where they touched the
flesh. The horses are wild with pain and
fright, and bending down their necks
tear along with trant c speed. A gate
is reached, but without pausing they
dash through it. scattering the splinter
ed fragments like so many straws. Down
the hill they gallojj; the river is reached;
they leap, aud plunge, and he horses
wagon, aud people are iu the chilly wa
ters, midst lumber, logs, ashes, charrtd
boards, aud every kind of rubbish. There
were also animals of all kinds, intermin
gled and struggling for life. Here was
the culmination ot horrors. 'The team
becoming exhausted with their efforts,
finally sank, aud were carried away by
the undercurrent. 'The other animals
held on like humans with ‘heir feet to the
floating logs aud timbers, all the while
u.tering the most pitiful moans. There
were a number of persons here, although
most of the refugees were further up the
stream. Ai?Mrs. Hnuter said: "We
stood iu the water up to our necks, our
little girl, Minnie being held up between
us. When we first went iu the feeling
was that o f graieiul refreshment. The
lop of the water seemed warm, but the
bottom part was cold. Alter we bad
beeu there half au hour the wind carried
gieat chips, and eveu pieces of boards,
some of them flaming These would be
whirled in the air, high up over our
heads, and move like a huge hawk, and
then swoop down upon us. We woul«
duck our heads under the water, LiD
would get so exhausted that we could
not, ahd then we had to be burned.
Poor little Minnie, so weak that she could
hardly ciy, would say,* Dear Papa, I am
burned a^aiu, Dear mama, my feet are
so cold, and 1 am so tired. Three hours
aud more thus pasted. Every minute we
expected to die. Finally the air became
so hot we couild hot see. Our eyes,.seem
ed parboiled. The agony was awful—
our feet like ice, and our laces and fyeads
iu au atmosphere ol ID me. At jast there
was a rush of the waters, the dam had
given way, and the flood came down up
on us, sweeping us off our feet into a
mass of timber, brokeu planks (some on
fire), horses, cattle, dogs, and human
beings, ail struggling aud shrieking
Iu the rush and whirlthe almost help
less Mr. and Mrs. Hnuter were separated
Mrs. Hunter went down and came neat
being diowued. Miunie was lost aud
drown d. By a swerving of the current
they were washed on shoic and at day
light found each other. Theie were many
mourning and crying over the scene ot
desolation. Uu ail sides as tar as the eye
could reach were smouldering fires. Thu
village was a long waste ol ashes; not i
vestige remained.
The very turf was eaten aw y by the
devouring flames. The dreadful agon}
of those who had lost children and other
relatives,a.- well as the awful anguish from
burns,were beyond description. Peop'e,
neighbors, were scarred aud blackened as
not to know each other. Burned and
diowued bodies lay bere and there. In
one place theie weie tourteyjj, these ap
parcu tly having perished f flighi
together. Two little ehildrd: lay s,de
by side with their bauds extended to
wards each other as though beseecing help.
There were other heart-rending scones
too uumeruusr to mention aud impossible
to adequately describe.
BuUdidsffoT tlensity.
You lliiuk that one hour buries another;
but it is not so. You thiuk that you have
parted forever from the things which
have passed by you. No, you have not.
There is much of your life that you thiuk
has gone which you never shall part from.
It has stepped beiiiud you and tbero it
wails. That which you have done is
with you to-day and that which you are
doing will be with you to-morrow. When
the mason carries up the wall, the course
of bricK which lie laid yesterday is the
touudatidn oil which he is laying another
course to-day. And all that you do to
day on the structure which you are build
ing will remaiu as a basis for that which
you do to morrow. The work proceeds
without intermission aud all that has
been done is the under-structure for that
which is to be done.
Young man and’ maiden, take heed
how you build. That which you are do
iug, the work which you are performing
you do not leave behind you because you
forget it- It passes away from you ap
parently, but it does not pass away from
you in reality. Every stroke, every
single element, abide.-. Aud thore is
'nothing' that grows so last as character.
There is nothing meu think so little of as
character, although there is nothlug that
so belongs to their immortality, aud that
is so incomparable iu importance, as
character.
A Cheeky Prisoner.—A Freuckman,
a prisoner in Edinburgh, having managed
to escape during the Napoleonic wars,
took refuge in the powder magazine.—
Wheu the authorities wished to seize him,
they found him sitting on a barrel with a
lighted match'; and threatening to blow up
the town. The authorities reflected pru
dently, and the result of their delibera
tions was that it would be better to starve
the Frenchman out. But they, reckoned
without their prisoner, who liked good
cheer and was determiuedto live well_
Inconsequence, he called out that hp
would blow the town to pieees if he did
not get his three meals a day ho would
write out the bill of fare. Swaney
succumbed, and the demands of the
prisoner went on increasing. Sometimes
he had a serenade under his window
then a review of tho garrison, afterwards
a sham fight in which the troops represen
ting the French aimy beat the Highlan
ders. At last he enacted that every
Sabbath morning, before breakfast, the
lord provost, in full uniform, should
make his appearance and read him an
address. This lasted until the allies
entered Paris.
V\'iiat Liquor Cost*.—VVc learn, froni
reliable figures recently published by the
Bureau of Statistics, that the annual
production of whisky in this country
reaches about 02,500,00.0 gallons, repres
enting a valuation of §375,01)0,000. Oi
fermented liquors the annual product is
0,300,000 carrels, valued at §126,000,
000. Besides this domestic produce the
value of imported liquors reaches the
sum of §200,000,000, making a grand
total of §001,000,000, or nearly one
third of ttie great national debt. And this
istbe wholesale price Sold by the quart
and pint, und retailed out by the glass
over bars, at an increase often of lv\o
hundred per cent, it is safe to say that
the expeuse to this country for its liquors
is not tar from eighteen hundred million
dollars per annum. These estimates are
staggeriug, and yet they are probably not
far from the truth. And this enormous
amount is for gratification of an acquired
appetite. And what compensating bene
fit do we detiye from this cost. Or who
can tell the detrimental iuliuencis cr con
sequences of this comiiionity? We all
know that a vast amount of crime, misery
and proverty ot the day is indirectly, it
not directly, chargeable io the use ol
iuto^auiug drinks, to say nothing of
the eviFcoustqueuces upon the physical
constitution ot the consumers. Tliese are
considerations that will arrest tho atten
tion ot the thoughtful mind, and it would
be well it tho masses who are daily yield
ing to the temptation of its hab>tual use
would ri fleet upon the cousequences to
themselves and the race. Much as the
temperance Organization are doinar. they
still seem to Le dealing puuuy blows in
comparison with the giant evil tuev are
figlsting. And they do no; always work
in the right way. While they aie cod
siantly aiming to bring (he arm of the aw
to bear upou tho dealers, they would do
much better lo labor witli the nseis.
Moral suasion and education is what the
people need; and. if a man is a confirmed
drunkard, he is in need of being placed
n an asylum just as much as au idi i or n
iusane person is. When the temperance,
societies reach this stanuaru, we shall
not see the temperance movement goiug
backward, as it setma to have been for a
tew years back.
Ileceutly the British Museum was clos
ed against the public, serious offences
having been perpetrated in the reading
room. Books and manuscripts have beer,
mutilated, great coats stolen leaden
weights, valued at no more than a penny
ur two, have disappeared,and soap tablets,
aud even the paper ieft in tin oiiice;, have
been carried away. There are, it appears
numerous leaders who seem to save their
lodging money by living in the reading
room.
The Chicago lady who owned tne cow
that kicked over the kerosene lamp that
set the city ou fire, denies the solt itn
peachmeut, says she didn’t send any boy
with a lamp to milk, that she didn’t milk
her cow at nine o’clock at night, and that
she didu’t keep a cow any way. That
settles it.
Here is the way the New York Sun—
Republican paper—heads Grant's last
Ku-Klux proclamation
Despotism in American—Grant forcing
a renominatiou at the point of the bayo
net—Martial law in nine peaceful coun
ties of South Carolina—A bribe-taker
the President’s adjutant.
A funny fellow had an office next door
to a doctor's shop. Oue day an elderly
gentleman, of tho fogy school, blundered
into the the shop.
‘Is the doctor in?’
‘Don’t live here,’ said tho lawyer, who
was in full scribble over some old docu
ments.
‘0, I thought this was his office.'
‘Next door.’
‘Pray, sir, can you tell me has tne
doctor many patients?’
‘Not liviug.’
The old gentleman told the story in the
vicinity, and the doctor threatened the
lawyer with a libel.
Scene at the gate of Paradise.
A poor tailor being released from a
troublesome world and scolding wife ap
peared at the gate of Paradise
Peter asked him if he had ever been to
purgatory.
No, said the tailor but I have been
married.
Oh, said Peter, that’s all the same.
The tailor bad scarcely got iu oefore
a fat urtle eating alderman came along
puffing and blowing.
Hallo 1 you fellow, said he, open tha
gat®.
Not so fast, said Peter, have you ever
been to purgatory.
No said the ahlermae, but what’s that
to the purpose? You let iu that poor half
starved tailor, and he has been no more
to purgatory than mysell?
But he has been married, said Peter.
Married exclaimed the alderman, why
I have been married twice.
Tiieu go haok agaiu, said Peter, Para
dise is not the place for fools.
Ill e n a ml oaU |UraItT
Rates of Advertising.
Transient advertising inserted at the rate of $1
per square, (ten lines of this type.) The rare? cf
three months and uptvaids, will be found in tii*
following table:
One Square,.t. t. O'
Two Squares,.j 9 <9
Three Squares,.; 12 00
Foursquares,....' 15 60
Quarter column,.! 18 00
One-tliird column,. 20 00
Half column, 25 0O
6 rnis.il vtftf
8 00|$l2 0»
12 (,0‘
15 00
18 00
21 00
25 00
50 00
One column,._...: 45 00 74 00
Special Notices inserted at20 cents per Una.
15 CO
18 eO
30 00
35 00
45 00
65 0U
125 00
Agricultural and Domestic,
Beautifying our Farm Homes.
A man fortunate enougli to own one or
two or five hundred acres of land, saya
the Lexington, Ky., Fanner's Ilpme
Journal should, not he so conttacted ja
his views as to make money. With a
family around him, secured against want
or embarrassment, he should give a por
tion ot his time and attention to beautify
ing his grounds, rendering his home
more cheerful, and the cultivation of aa
arsthetie taste which will bring to him
self, his wife, and children a rich pleas
ure and contentment that will endear ibe
spotcalled home to the heartof each one,
and bind them together in a fonder and
more enduring union
The merchant, mechanic, professional
cian, and all of the thousands who are
constrained to dwell io brick and mortar
dwellings aud close, confined air of cities,
delight, whenever they have an opporta
uity to get out i;i the country, to look at
a farm house, surrounded* by shrubbery',
ueaiiy trimmed vines, flowers, and shade
trees, with a spreading green lawn in
trout, traced by carefully k pt walks, the
yard surrounded by \s hite fences in good
repair. Such a vision as this lingers in
the memovy for weeks and months, and,
iu passing such a home, we feel that it is
irresistibly suggestive of comfort, repose,
true independence, atid solid happiness.
Why, ike atmosphere of such a place is
comiucive to health, and true piety ;and
the farmer who, to gratify the refined
tastes of himself and family, takes enough
from the more laborious routine of farm
labor thus to ornament his home, is a
public benefactor, and the blessings he
1 freely diffuses every day are rightly
appreciated by all who love the beauti
ful.
Make home attractive, that it may bo
more pleasant to yourself and family, and
that its claims may ever dwell iu the
hoart and mind of yegr. sou and daughter,
and restrain and bring them back to
purer aud happier thoughts when in aftec
life and with ether associations they m, y
for the time be laid wav. It is a dui7
not less than a privilege to make home
just as attractive as time, effort, thought
aud ingenuity can render it. There is
no need to negldct your piowiug, duelling
reaping, cr harvesting. The industrious
farmer, thoughtful for his family and
seeking for the highest and truest enjoy
ment on the earth, will keep the work of
the farm regularly up,.and yet 2nd hours
now aud then to dig a flower led, to train
a vine, transplant a rose, and attend to
all the little duties which, v.heu rightly
performed, will gladden the hearts and
elevate the souls of wife, daughter and
son.
Hen I^ons?.
The Shakers at Canterbury, says the
Concord Monitor, have lately given con
siderable attention to the building of a
henhouse, and liaye now completed a
model one for the accommodation of
about cue hundred Brahma fowls. Tho
house is seven>y.four feet, with flat roo t
and divided into four divisions by plaster
ed walls. The bottom is cemented and
covered with sawdust, A walk runs
across the west north sides, ft is suppli
ed with running water, and boxes of
gravel for the liens to scratch in. Tha
loft is arranged with roosts, which tha
hens reach rvith ladders. On the edge of
the walk, nests are arranged with sliding
doot'6 for collecting the eggs. The lower
compartmeuts have two windows <aeh
for light., and.the upper ones one each,.—
On the. easj side is a room with arch
kettle for, cooking the food of the hens,
and a cemented cellar is under tho whole
for storage.
Why Do Animals Seed Salt?
Prof James E. Johnson, of Scotland,
says that half the saline matter of the
blood (75 per cent.) consists of common
salt, and as this is partly dissolved every
day through the skin and kidneys, tho
necessity of continued supplies of it to tho
healthy body is sufficiently obvious. The
bile also contains soda (one of the. in
gredients ,of salt) as a special and indie
pensqjile constituent, and so do all the
eertilages of the body. Stint the supply
of salt, and neither will the bile he able
properly assist digestion, aor the eartila-;
ges to be build up again as fast as they
naturally waste. It is better to place
salt where stock can have free access to
it than to give it occasionally, in small
quantities. They will help themselves
lo what they need, if flowed to do so at
pleasure, otherwise when they become
salt-hungry, they may take more than
is wholesome.
OMCffiiar and the Anget.
There used to be a pious old negro in
Boston named Caesar aud he was in the
habit of praying so loudly as to be heard
by many of the neighbors. (Ju retiring
for the uight his petition invariably wa-:
Lord send dy angel for ole Caesar—oio
Caesar always ready. One evening two
of his neighbors, good men, but some
times bore1. by his style, thought they
would try him. They took position at
his door, aud when the, usual petition
was made that the Lord would send the
angel, ole Caesar beiug always ready,they
knocked loudly at the door.
Who dar said the old darkey.
The angel of the Lord come for old
Caesar, was the reply.
Out went the the light, and scrambling
into bed was heard, and then in trernb-
ling voice, that same old uncle said
G o way dar go way Old Caesar
dead dis ten year
There is dew in ouo flower arid not in
another, because one opens i s cup and
.takes it in, while the other closes itself,
and the drop runs off. So God rains
goodness and mercy as wide as, rhe dew
and if we lack them, it is because wo
will not open cur hearts'to receive thet»