THE NEWS.
At Home.
There is no .yellow fever in New Orleans.
The mackeral fisheries are a failure this sea
son,
A workingmen's party has been formed in
New York city.
Five policemen are under bonds in Philadol
phia, charged with inciting a riot.
The official canvass in Nebraska shows 641
majority against the new constitution.
The elevated railway in New York city was
sold at mortgage sale on Thursday, for $750,-
000.
A Mb. Miller was robbed of $4,000 in
Mount Pleasant, lowa, on Friday evening
last.
A political meeting in Alahoning City, Pa.,
was broken up by a mob on Wednesday eve
ning.
In Lowell, Alass., from Sept. 19 to Sept. 29
inclnsivo, there have been reported 110 cases
of small-pox.
The prairies are on fire from Fort Totten to
the Missouri, a distance of ono hundred and
thirty-five miles.
The ship-wrights of the Clyde, who have
joined the Nine-Honr League, have been lock
ed out by their employers.
I'hey are after emigrant robbers in New
Yo k. Another has been sentenced to five
years imprisonment at hard.
British revenue returns for the year ending
September 30th, show a decrease, as compared
mth last year, of over half a million pounds
sterling.
A dispatch from New York states that the
of the fraudulent importation of spices
has been settled by the payment to the gov
ernment of $BO,OOO.
At the Aloline, (111.) water-ffcwer canal, on
I imrsday, the unexpected explosion of a blast
Killed a man named Johnson and tox*e of T one
of the laborer's hands.
ihe Board of Commissioners of Foreign
Allusions have voted unanimously to include in
their work the sending of missionaries to nom
inally Christian lands.
A gang of horse thieves made a raid into
l.aramse City, Wednesday evening, broke open
the jail and liberated three of their compani
ons, and then made good their escape.
The Aleutian Islanders have killed 50,000 fur
seals this seoson, but were unable to sell over
half the skins and threw the remainder, worth
a half million dollars, properly cured into the
sea.
A distance of twenty-five' miles along the
V. abash Railroad, between New Haven and De
fiance, 0., Las been devastated by a conflagra
tion. Farmers, to save their barns and louses,
plowed around them.
The brick steam flonrr g mill at Webster
City, lowa, owned by Moore <t Solders, was to
tally destroyed by fire last Friday night. The
building and machiney were valued at $B,OOO
incur ad for $5,000.
The Secretary of the Treasury has instruct
ed the assistant treasurer at New York to buv
$2,000,000 of bonds each Wednesday, and sell
$2,000,000 of gold each Thursday during the
month of October.
Geoboe W. Dakrow, overseer on TifTt’s
farm, near Buffalo, while riding home in a
buggy, was murdered by some unknown per
son, who fired several shots from a revolver,
apparently through the back of the curtain of
the vehicle.
Four boys, whose parents reside on Cottage
Place, Chicago, went boat-riding on the lake
Saturday afternoon, and are supposed to have
been drowned, as the boat was found floating
bottom upwards several hours after their de
parture.
A Chicago lumber firm recently received an
order for 385,000 feet of lumber from Air.
Maitland, the extensive Illinois farmer. The
lumber is to be used by Mr. Alaitland in build
ing a corn crib, and will make one about two
miles long.
A thief entered the banking house of Er
rickson. Jennings Alumford, in Rochester,
N. A., on Wednesday, and snatched a package
containing $6,490 in Canada money, from J.
T. Briggs as he was about to deposit it. The
thief escaped.
An explosion of sulphur occurred in the
Otto colliery, near Pottsville, Pa., Alonday
afternoon. Patrick McAlichael, George Dun
lap, Jacob Yost, and Thomas Hays, were kill
ed, and George Baince seriously injured. One
miner is missing.
On Friday afternoon, at Ostrander’s Land
ing, Ky., tliree miles below Amsterdam, J. B.
Moore, late of Aladison, Ind., and Levi Apple
gate, got into a desperate fight while in a skiff,
capsized the boat, and were drowned. The
steamer Cornelia brought up Aloore’a remains
this afternoon.
In New York, on Wednesday, Isaac Davis
was arraigned for a misdemeanor, and pleaded
not guilty. He was admitted to bail in *30,-
000. Davis is said to have offered medical as
sistance to females through the medium of
business cards thrust under the doors of nu
merous houses in the city.
J he Japanese Charge d'Affairs in Washing
ton has presented our Government, on behalf
of the Japanese Chamber of Commerce, about
one hundred different samples of paper manu
factured in Japai. mostly of rice libre. The
specimens will be arranged in portfolios, and
placed in the model room of the Patent Office
for inspection.
A portion of the bridge being constructed
over the Verdigris river, near Fort Gibson. In
dian I erritory, on the Missouri. Kansas and
I exas Railroad, while being raised, onSundav
tire false work settled, and the bridge fell, car
rying with it a large number of men, two of
whom were drowned, one killed, and sixteen
seriously injured. The bridge was built bv
Boomer Cos., of Chicago.
Dr. Chbonik. a well known Jewish Rabbi in
C hicago, is engaged in forming anew congre
gation of Israelites, which will, in its worship
adopt the new Berlin Prayer Book, and will ob
serve the first day of the week as their Sab
bath. instead of Saturday. A number of the
leading Israelites are engaged in the move
mont.
Ihe international money-order system be
tween the United States and Great Britain has
gone into operation. Remittances can also
bo made by international money—orders via
Switzerland, to all the principal cities and!
towns of Austria, Hungary, Spain. Russia
Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Turkey, Greece
Egypt, the East Indies and China.
Ashbuky, owner of the yatch Livonia, says
his business is to carry to Old England the
Queen’s cup, which, he says, he has determin
ed to do. lie objects to sailing on the Yacht
Club course, as he wishes to test the merits of
the boats, not that of pilots and sailing mas
ters. He will go to Newport, if agreeable, and
sail the Black Island course and back. He
would prefer to have keel boats to sail against
h im.
Ar Wheeling, Virginia, on Sunday, one of
the cables of the old suspension bridge lead
ing from the foot of Sixth street to the Cres
cent iron mill across Wheeling creek, broke
with nine persons on it, five of whom fell to
the creek bottom, a distance of about thirty
toot. Iwo men, named Thomas Callahan and
James Kline, were killed outright, and James
Coyle has since died. Albert Elliott, Joseph
Hague, and George Akers were badly hurt.
One or more of these will probably die. The
other three fortunately caught to the other ca
ble and got off.
Abroad.
The Victoria oil works, in Philadelphia were
burned on Thursday. Loss ■■J6.OOO.
The scissor-grinders, cutlers and carpenters
of Sheffield, and the spinners of Bolton and
Dundee have struck work.
Tue number of emigrants which sailed from
the port of Liverpool during the last three
months was fifty thousand, an increase of five
thousand over the number of the previous
quarter.
The statement that France had consented
to the striking out of article 3 in the customs
treaty with Germany is confirmed.
A telegram from Madrid says the Demo
crats everywhere are making demonstrations
in favor of Zorilla. Twenty-two Governors
of provinces have tendered their resignations.
Twenty professors in the University o
Rome have refused to take the oath required
by the Italian Government,
The citizens of Dijon, France, complain of
the tyrannical conduct of the German troops
ccupying that city.
V b Auis telegram says the supporters of the
Empire are becoming bolder in their intrigues
an.i agitating openly for the restoration.
Ihe municipality of Paris has voted twe
million tiancs tor the repaid of the monuments
and public buildings damaged during the seige
md reign of the Commune.
By J. H, KEYES.
VOL. XL
GREAT FIRES IS CHICAGO
Most Valuable Portion of the
City Burned.
LOSS MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
IVIAItfY PEHSOJMS ICH.IISD
Chicago, Oct. B.—A conflagration
last night destroyed the buildings in
the four squares bounded on the north
by Adams street, west by Clinton, south
by Van Bnren and east by the Chicago
Eiver. Some four or five buildings
within the limits named remain unin
jured, among {hem Vincent, Nelson
Co.’s grain warehouse, one of the larg
est in the city, which escaped any se
rious damage. The ground burned
over was covered with a lumber yard,
coal yard, wood yard, a planing mill, a
vinegar factory, and a large number of
dwellings and saloons of the poorer
class. A close estimate of the entire
loss places it at from two hundred and
fifty to three hundred thousand dollars,
with probably one-half that amount in
surance.
Chicago, Oct. 8, 11:30 p. m —Anoth
er terrible conflagration is now raging
here. The fire commenced near Tay
lor street, midway between Delevan
and Jefferson, is spreading in every di
rection and covers at least ten blocks I
at this hour, and still seems beyond
control. The blocks are built up sol
idly, almost exclusively of two-story
frame houses, occupied as residences,
boarding houses, saloons, groceries,
etc.
12: do a. m., 9th—-The conflagration
has already devastated at least twenty
blocks, mostly composed of the smaller
class of dwellings, inhabited mainly by
poorer people. Not less than three
hundred buildings have been entirely
destroyed, and more than that number
of families rendered homelesss. The
district already burned over embraces a
large number of lumber yards, freight
depots of the Chicago A St. Louis and
Pittsburg, Ft. Wayne V Chicago Rail
roads.
A board from the fire was blown
across to the east side of the river and
set fire to a wooden building directly
adjoining the Chicago gas house. The
flames spread in every direction, the
adjoining buildings being all of the
tinder-box kind. The prospect is that
the gas house will be destroyed and the
city wrapped in darkness.
The bridge across Van Buren street
is burned, the shipping in the river,
the cars on the track of the Chicago and
Alton and Fort Wayne roads, with the
immense freight house there, are swept
away.
9, a. m. —Over one-half of the South
Side and a large portion of the North
side are reduced to ashes. The city is
ablaze from Twelfth to Erie streets, amt
the fire is spread rapidly in all direc
tions making a clean sweep along its
course.
The streets are literally packed with
-of wagons loaded with fur
niture and valuables, saved from the
burning buildings. The loss of life is
great. As yet no estimate of the num
ber can be made. Thousands are leav
ing the city to seek new quarters.
The Court House, Chamber of Com
merce, Western Union Telegraph office,
Revere, Sherman snd Palmer Houses,
several elovators and railroad depots
lie in ruins.
Assistance from all parts is hurrying
to the city.
Business is entirely suspended. All
the inmates of the jail under the Court
House were roasted alive. Their num
ber is not known. All communication
with the East destroyed.
Later, 9:30 a. m.— Farwell Hall, the
Opera House, Field, Leiter Co.’s dry
goods house, Tremont House, Tribune
and Postoffice and Water Works are all
burned.
Latest, 10:30 a. m. —The whole cent
tral, eastern and north side business
portions of the city are consumed, and
the fire is still under full headway. No
description can convey an idea of the
suffering community.
From the Chicago Ledger Monday afternoon.
At about nine o’clock last evening,
flames broke out in a small bam on
Farqualir street, near Jefferson, in the
West Division about one-quarter of a
mile from the South Branch of the
river. How those flames orignated, we
do not know, though rumor has it that
they were the result of incendiarism,
and also that they sprang from a care
lessly used pipe or cigar. Be this as it
may, the fire soon spread to ad
joining buildings, and in a few mo
ments more the entire department was
called out. A more unfavorable time
to check and extinguish a tire has never
been known in this city. The weather
1 has for weeks been unusually dry, and
I becoming dryer every day.
All the buildings were parched up
and in a fit condil ion to be burned like
i tinder. A strong wind amounting to
i quite a gale, was blowing from the
southwest, and the rapidity witli which
the flames spread, in a northeasterly
direction, was fearful. Despite the
most vigorous efforts of the tire depart
meut, the lurid flames leaped from roof
to roof aud from building to building,
rapidly enveloping block after block in
their consuming embrace. The efforts
of the firemen —worn down and jaded
as they were by the previous night’s
rough toil—seemed utterly inadequate
to stay the onward career of the de-
vouring element, and ere long it be
came apparent that the city was
doomed to suffer the most appalling
visitation of the lire fiend that it has
ever experienced. By the combined
efforts of firemen, policemen and citi
zens the flames were kept from moving
further west than Desplaines street,
and while the “burnt district of the
Saturday night fire checked the fire
from going north on that side of the
river of Van Bnren street bridge, which
structure was speedily consumed. But
after taking all the buildings, lumber
piles, Ac., within the area specified
above, the conflagration broke out
afresh on the east side of the river.
This sudden transfer of the devouring
flames to the South Division was the
result of the large shower of sparks
and cinders which were carried across
the stream by the gale, many of them
lodging on wooden roofs, cloth awnings
and other combustible material, and
soon creating a sea of flames which
sent consternation to many a brave
heart.
By this time nearly the entire popu
lation of the city had been aroused,and
the streets for a mile or two surround
ing the scene of the disaster were
thronged with excited, swaying human
ity, and with all descriptions of vehi
cles, pressed into service for the hasty
removal of household goods and per
sonal effects. Even* street resembled a
second hand furniture store, goods of
all descriptions being loaded and un
loaded here and there and everywhere,
in promiscuous confusion. Invalids and
cripples were earned away on impro
vised ambulances; aged women and
helpless infants were speedily borne to
places of temporary or permanent
safety; people who were utterly over
come with excitement and fatigue were
seen sleeping on lounges, trunks and
tables, in the streets; empty houses
were forcibly broken open and taken
possession of by homeless wanderers,
made desperate by the awful surround
ings—in some instances as many as
live families turned into one and the
'same house. Such a spoctac*o was nev
er before witnessed in ih -<>>7 and ;i
hardly has a parallel in the annals of
conflagrations.
After getting under complete head
way in the South Division, the flames
spread with fearful rapidity, and soon
many of the most valuable structures in
that Division were involved in the gen
eral conflagration.
At about two o’clock in the morning,
the armory, a large stone building on
the corner of Adams and Franklin
streets, was reached, and erelong, from
this structure the cinders caught the
South Sid* Gas Works, on the oppo
site shte of the Adams street. The de
struction of this vast reservoir of gas,
coal and coke was fearfully rapid,
while the explosion created at frequent
intervals sounded like the roar of ar
tillery.
By this time it was evident that the
fire department could make no head
way towards subduing the conflragation
and that the flames were bound to
have it all their own way. Building af
ter building, block after block, were
reached by the devouring element, and
it seemed as if the entire city was doom
ed, Safety elevators, huge railroad
depots, majestic viaducts, vast yards of
coal and lumber, palatial residences,
elegant business blocks—in short every
species of structure not absolutely
fire-proof—and there is scarcely one
really fire-proof building in the city—
were all in turn encircled by the re
morseless flames and speedily trans
formed into a mass of black ruins. The
many thousands of spectators who
stjod at the Madison street bridge, and
aC other points on the West side of the
river, and beheld that vast ocean of
flame which extended from near 12th
street north to the main river, and east
from the South Branch to the lake
shore, will never forget the awfully
grand and thrilling spectacle. It was
something more than a huge conflagra
tion which they gazed upon; it was
literally and truly a city on fire. The
area and the buildings then covered by
the flames were equal to a large-sized
city—say of a hundred thousand inhab
itants. And yet the fire fiend was des
tined to achieve still further conquests,
as the sequel will show.
Onward swept the sea of flame, re
morselessly consuming everything
which fire could destroy that lay in its
path, and not only did the flames
march northward and eastward, but
they also made slow but steady pro
gress southward, involving many of the
finest residences on Wabash and Mich
igan avenues, and all the other build
ings located between Harrison street
and the main river, in the South Divis
ion. The glaring cinders borne by the
tierce gale floated across the stream
and lodged among the parched pine
roofs of several structures nearest the
water, and soon they were also wrap
ped in flames, which no power within
the hands of authorities or citizens
could reach. And then commenced the
dreadful ordeal in the North Division.
The firemen worked like heroes,but all
in vain. They were powerless to
prevent the spread of the
flames, and in less than an hour from
the time they broke out on that side,
the conflagration became general. For
a time the principal scene of the fire in
that Division was between North Clark
street and the lake, but by nine o’clock
this morning, the flames had spread
into other localities, and at noon the
whole North side seemed doomed to
destruction. We cannot take time and
space, at this moment, to specify many
of the more prominent and costly struc
tures in that Division which were in
volved in the ruin; but most of our
readers will comprehend the magni
tude of the havoc when w r e state that
the whole North Side is in ruins.—
Starting from the main river, the flames
have been rapidly outreaching over
that extensive and populous por
tion of the city, till, at this
writing, three o’clock p. M., the
entite area, from the river to the
Lincoln Park, and from the North
Branch to the lake shore, is a sea of lit
eral flame and smoke. Of course this
includes acres on acres of dwellings, a
great variety of stores, shops, and man
ufactures, several fine hotels, a number
of the largest and most elegant church
es in the city, several railroad depots,
Rush Medical College, the ISorth Side
Gas Works, and scores of other build
ings and institutions in a public calam
ity. And, worst of all the City Water
Works are destroyed, or so nearly so
that the supply of water is now entire
ly cut off, This is the most apalling
feature of the whc le catastrophe, and
well may it give rise to grave doubts as
to whether this conflagration will,when
ended; leave a dozen buildings un
scathed within the city limits.
ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
From the Chicago Journal Extra, Monday, X o’clock
P. M.
The fire broke out on the comer of
DeKoven and Twelfth streets. at about
nine o'clock on Sunday evening, being
i caused by a cow kicking over a lamp in
a stable in which a woman was milk
i;i h An alarm was immediately given,
but, owing to the high southwest wind,
the building was speedily consumed,
and thence the life spread rapidly. The
firemen could not with all their efforts,
get the mastery of the flames. Build
ing after building was fired by the dy
ing cinders, which, landing on the
roofs, which were as dry as tinder,
I owing to the protracted dr- weather,
instantly took dre. Northwardly and
i northeastwardly the flames took their
j cc arse, lapping up house after house,
block after block, street after street all
night long.
PARTIAL ACCOUNT OF THE LOSSES.
The first to be mentioned, and pos
sibly the most startling feature of this
carnival of flame, is the total destruc
tion of the City Water Works, by which
calamity the firemen are rendered help
less to make the least endeavor to ar
rest the onward march of the devour
ing element. Should any other fires
occur in parts of the city not burning,
they will most certainly have their w ay.
WATERTOWN, WIS., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1871.
At about 12 o’clock last night the sheet
of flames licked across the river in the
neighborhood of Jackson street, first
igniting a small wooden building, -which
communicated the fire to the Armory,
and soon to the South Side Gas Works,
the immense gasometer exploding with
a fearful detonation, heard all over the
city. Then commenced the fearful rav
ages, which in a few hours laid the en
tire South Side in ashes, north of. Har
rison. The post office and Custom
House, the Chamber of Commerce, the
Court House, and the rest soon went
down in the ocean of fire and smoke.
In brief, the following prominent
buildings have perished with, in almost
every case, their entire contents: The
New- Jerusalem Church, on Adams
street, and the Catholic Church on Des
plaines street.
The Journal office, the Tribune, the
Times, the Republican, the Post, the
Mail, the Staats Zeitung, the Union,
and many other publications.
Crosby’s Opera House, McYicker’s
Theatre, Hooley’s Opera House, Dear
born Theatre, and Wood’s Museum.
First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth,
Union, Northwestern, Manufacturers’
Cook County, and Illinois National
Banks.
The Second Presbyterian Church, St.
Paul’s Universalist Church, Trinity
(Episcopal) Church.
The magnificent depot of the Chica
go, Rock Island and Pacific and Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern Rail
roads, on Van Buren street, at the
head of La Salle street. The great
Central Union depot, and the Wells
street depots of the Chicago and North
western Railroad.
The National Elevator, corner of
Adams and the river, Armour, Dole fe
Co.’s Elevator, corner Market and the
river, Hix-am Wheeler’s Elevator, on
same corner as the above, the Galena
Elevatoi’, corner Kush stx-eet bridge and
river, and “A” of the Hlinois Central,
neer the Illinois depot and the basin.
Ti-emont House, Sherman House,
Briggs House, Metropolitan, Palmer,
Adams, Bigelow, European, (Bilik’s),
Garden City, and the new- Pacific in
process of erection on Clark and La
Salle streets.
The following prominent business
houses are in ashes; Field, Leiter
Cos., J. V. Farwell’s block, and all tlie
magnificent blocks in that locality. The
Lake Side Publishing Company’s new
building, on Clark street, Terrace Row,
on Michigan avenue, and adjacent resi
dences.
Farwell Hall burned at about four
o’clock this morning.
The great breweries on the Noi-th
Side ai'e gone. In fact, as stated above,
the entire South and North Sides, from
Harrison street northwardly, with a few
isolated buildings left standing in some
remarkable manner, ax e in hopeless,
ruins.
THE HOTELS.
All the prominent hotels in the city
are in ruins—the Pacific, Sherman,
Fremont, Briggs, Palmer, Bigelow.
Metropolitan, Matteson —besides doz
ens of other smaller caravansaries scat
tered over the East side from the river
to the lake, and from Van Buren to
Water street. The destruction of prop
erty is most terrible, and the scenes to
be witnessed on the streets are heart
rending. Business, of course, is en
tirely suspended, and everything on
wheels which can be made available
for purposes of moving are pressed into
service for getting goods out of the
reach of the devouring elements. Wa
bash and Michigan avenues, as far
south as Tw r enty-second street, are lined
with household goods and merchandize,
and guarded by weary and weeping
women and children.
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
building, which stood the heat for a
long time, came in for its place among
the list of sufferers, and soon after the
fall of the Court House, this handsome
building lay a mass of smouldering
ruins.
THE WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH OFFICE
building was destroyed, as was also the
whole block adjoining on the north and
west of the same.
PRINTING OFFICES DESTROYED.
All the daily paper offices are closed.
The Journal, Post, Republican and
Times are'among those destroyed. The
Tribune building being fire-proof,
stood the siege well, anti will proba
bly make its appearance as usual to
morrow. The Btaats Zeitung (Ger
man), and Evening Mail, which were in
the same building with the Evening
Post, suffered the fate of their neigh
box-. The Auxiliary Printing House of
A. N. Kellogg, together with Spalding
Lemon’s job office, are in ruins. The
job offices of Rand McNally, Came
ron, Amberg, Hoffman, Beach Bar
nard, Rounds Kane, Culver, Page
Hoyxxe, Jameson Morse, and all of
the prominent job offices of the city
are gone.
THE COURT HOUSE
took fire about 1 o’clock, and at 2] the
old Court House proper was eveloped
ixx flames, the tall steeple falling about
3 o’clock. The spires came down with a
crash, which created an insufferable
heat on all sides of the square.
THE POST-OFFICE,
after stemming the tide for hours, was
forced to surrender to the flames, and
about 5 o’clock on Monday morning it
was comlpetely “gutted” by fire. All
the buildings adjacent to and in the vi
cinity ot the post office are in ruins.
.V Ride Through Mont Cenis Tunnel.
A correspondent of the London
Times writing from Turin, Sept. 15th,
describes a ride through Mont Cenis
tunnel as follows Our carriage was
the last in the line, and, as the engine
worked backwards, (our windows be
ing open), had not the least inconven
ience from smoke or steam. There was
no perceptible difference between the
inside and outside air, and our com
panions slumbered through nearly the
whole distance. The fact that the en
gine was in our rear was certainly in
our favor, but the unanimous verdict of
all who had come through in the morn
ing went far to establish that they had
also experienced no unpleasant sensa
tion, and the difference of temperature
could only be detected by Valvason’s
glasses, which marked a few degrees of
warmth in the tunnel. The highest de
gree to-day has been 18 degrees centi
grade, Grafton’s glass. In the previous
trip the rise was to 21 degrees. Our
pace throughout the crossing seemed
fairly rapid, and the even time em
ployed, both in the up and down jour
ney, between eight and ten English
miles, was thirty-eight minutes; but
the average time allowed when the line
will be in full operation, is' calculated
al twenty minutes.”
The lowa State Fair, last week, add
-1 ed 825,000 to the funds of the Society.
Office Over Post Office.
A SHAMEFUL OUTRAGE.
Ah Innoorut "Witness Imprisoned, tlmt
Two Emigrant Rolibcrs May Escape—
AV illinm 11. Tweed Protecting Koh
bers to Gain Political Influence.
From the N, Y. Tribune.
Following the exposure in last Fri
day’s Tribune of the dark ways and ac
ute tricks of the emigrant robbers, one
of them, Oscar Dav’is, was speedily
tried in the Court of General Sessions,
convicted, and sentenced to ti\’e years’
imprisonment at Sing Sing. By far the
moat important of these cases, however,
remain to be tried, and much interest
is eA’inced as to the result. One of the
crimes alleged Avas the robbery, on the
6th of last June, of Anton Koruack, a
Prussian emigrant. Koruack, a man
of 37, frank, honest, and industrious,
arrived in this country in 1867. After
working four years, and saving $1,500,
ho started from Illinois for his home,
and while passing through New York
was robbed of nearly the whole of his
little fortune by Charles Moore and his
confederate, McDermott, at their den,
at No. 508 Canal street, by the
belt rig,” a process of theft
described in die Tribune of last Fri
day. Rumors that Moore and McDer
mott -were planning an escape from
trial, and that efforts were making to
bribe the victim, Kemack, to "with,
draw the charge* against them, have
been afloat, and a Tribune reporter,
wishing to investigate the matter,
sought an interview with Kornack.
The man had been detained for some I
time at the hospital on Ward’s Island, i
but on the 28th of September he Avas 1
remoA’ed, against his vill and Avith out
the knowledge or peimission of the I
Commissioner of Emigiation, who had
placed him there, to the House of De-
tention in Leonard street. District
Attorney Garvin positively refused to
allow the Tribune reporter, Avho told
him his business with Kornack, to visit
him in his prison; but, nevertheless,
the reporter entered the building, and
had a couA’ersation with the poor fel
low, Avho told his story.
After arriving here in 1867, he Avent
directly westward, and obtained em
ployment as a shoemaker in a small
A’illage near Springfield, Hi. “During
the four years I Avorked there, said
Komar 1 “sometimes I olid not spend
50 cents on myself in a Aveek, for I
wanted to go back to father and mother
with some money.”- He had saved
$1,500, and AA'ith this in his pocket start
ed for New York. He arrived in Jersey
City on the morning of the sth of June,
and while crossing over in the boat to
New York fell in with a person whom
he supposes to be McDermott. This
person told him that he, too, was going
to Prussia, and proposed that they
should traA’el together. Being alone
and conqiletely friendless he assented,
and they spent a night together in the
city. The $1,500 which he had he did
not wish to change here, but Dermott
told him such plausible stories;
and so completely won his confi
dence that on the folloAving morn- i
ing he went Avith him to the
office, No. 508 Canal stree* Here the
money was handed over to Moore, avlio
placed on Kornack a belt containing
about £*9o English money, and 20 Prus
sian dollars. Soon after leaving the
office of the emigrant robber he missed
McDermott, and went on board the
Westphalia. At sea he discovered his
loss. On arriving at Hamburg he im
mediately reported the case, and Avas
sent bach to Ncav York on the Herman.
He arrived here Aug. sth, and until
Sept. 28th, Avas kept as a witness on
Ward Island, but on that day Avas
forcibly taken to the House of Deten
tion, Avhere he has been imprisoned as
a AA'itness Avith no prospect of obtaining
his money or his liberty until he con
sents, at the diction of notorious poli
ticians, to compromise the suit, and let
the raseals who robbed him escape to
prey upon other unsuspicious persons.
During his detention he says that the
home of his father and mother, both
of whom are nearly 70 years of
age, has been burned, and they are des
titute. The poor fellow added, as the
tears flowed doAvn his face, I Avorked
four ytars for money for them, and now
I know they are -without clothes or homo
and they may not have eA’en food, and
lam here nearly as poor as they, and
can’t help them; I tell yon Sir, lam
almost crazy. My employers said that
I should haA’e my position if I got back
by October, but uoav I shall lose that
too. If you can do anything for me, I
hope you will.” As he made this final
appeal, the unfortunate man again lost
control of himself, and walked aAvay to
hide the tears Avhich he Avas ashamed
to have any one see. It thus appears
that an honest man is impoverished
and imprisoned while the thieves are
free and luxuriating on his hard-earned
money.
During this interview District Attor
ney Garvin’s official, who has charge of
the House of Detension, stood by.
This officer has aLvays been supposed
to be A’ery deaf, and any one speaking
to him is requested to place his lips
against the official’s ear, and roar out
his communication at the top of his
I voice. Notwithstanding his inability
to hear, this person makes it a point to
ibe present at every intervieAV. Yester
day, as the Tribune reporter aa-rs lea\ T
ing the building, he soliloquized,
that’s a profoundedly bad case,” and
the deaf official syrnhathizingly added,
I “Yes, Sir, it is confoundedly bad.”
Kornack positively identifies Moore
as the man aa’lio committed the rob-
bery; but despite the gravity of his
offense, efforts are making to secure
his release, and William M. Tweed is
using whatever influence is left him in
this direction, for the purpose of heal
ing a quarrel with the brother of the
Emigrant robber, ex-Alderman Moore.
The latter person has already boasted
that Tweed has interested himself to
save Charles Moore from state prison,
and to bring the accused safely through
the ordeal. Tweed’s action in the mat
ter is conditional that ex-Alderman
Moore shall use his influence in
the First ward in the interest
of the Ring, To satisfy the
demands of the people that emigrant
robbers should be punished, John Lei
pold, an accomplice of Davis and Ryan
in the robbery of Millard and Halle, has
been singled our for trial and convic
tion; but the third confederate in the
perpetration of the crime, William Ryan,
will probably be allowed to escape.
He has a firm friend in Nick Miller, a
Tammany politician of the First Ward
and Erie Railroad ticket agent, and
this friendship is to save him. It is
presumed by the Ward politicians that
the convictions of Davis and Liepold
w ill satisfy the people that there is no
double dealing, and they trust that a
period of quiet will follow duringwhich
Moore and McDermott w ill escape.
Telegraphic communication is des
troyed north of Green Bay.
THE CARSON OUTBREAK.
Two Convicts Captured—Betrayed l>y a
Puff of smoke —Run to Enitli in a
Tunnel,
Virginia, Nev., (Sept. 27) Dispatch to the San Fran
cisco Chronicle.
The Enterprise will publish the fol
lowing to morrow morning: John
Squires, the stage and railroad robber,
and William Willis, the incendiary
convict, who escaped in the late great
break in the Nevada State Prison, were
captured last evening about 5:30 o’clock,
and are now safely locked up in their
old quarters. Squires was sent to the
State Prison for twenty-three and a half
years, and Willis for twenty-one years.
The men who captured them were
Chief Downey, detective Ben Lackey,
Sheriff Atchison, Constable Comstock,
and Marshal Harkin, of Gold Hill.
Feeling quite confident that two or
more of the convicts were hiding
among the hills norf' of Flowery Dis
trict, Chief Downey, Lackey and others
of those named above have been out
scouting in the hills almost nightly.
For some days signs of their having
visited several ranches and gardens
have been found, and the hills were
closely watched. Officer Lackey, Sher
iff Atchison, and some others, were out
nearly all of Tuesday night. Some
fresh traces were found, and yesterday
morning when the Sheriff came to the
city the party named above took the
field. They were caught in a tunnel
about three miles north of Six-Mile
Canon. The tunnel in which they were
found was a very insignificant
affair, a mere coyote hole not more
than six or eight feet in depth. So
small was the pile of dirt at the mouth
of the little drift that the party on the
scout bassed by it without bestowing
upon it a second glance. The tunnel
was on the north side of a hill, and
they had halted at a point a mile and a
half beyond, when, happening to look
back, they saw a puff of smoke rise up
over the little dump of yellow dirt, just
visible from where they stood. Again
and again they saw rise up and curl
over the spot a slight blue cloud of
smoke, when they were convinced that
they had their melt holed., All were
well mounted, and, after a hasty con
sultation, they wheeled about and cau
tiously made their way back to the
southward, but in 'such a way as to
keep the little yellow speck of dump
constantly in sight.
They circled about, and, getting in
the rear of the tunnel toward which
they were now guided by the little blue
puffs of smoke, that occasionally rose
up, they warily advanced with their
arms, shot-guns, rifles, and pistols in
readiness. The convicts evidently w r ere
unaware of the presence of the party of
officers, and the thing now to be done
was to get at them.
A note was written by Marshall Har
kin, informing the convicts that a
strong force of men was present, and
calling upon them to appear at the
mouth of the tunnel without arms and
surrender. This note the Marshal tied
to a stone, and creeping to the roof of
the tunnel, he reached over and threw
it in at the mouth. The party now
waited for some time for an answer bnt
no reply was vouchsafed. The Mar
shal was certain that there were men
within as he heard them talking as he
was crawling up to throw in the note.
He now went to the mouth of tunnel,
and in a loud voice called upon the
men to surrender. He told them that
a strong force was present, and
that they would be taken, dead or alive;
that unless they came out of the tunnel
without arms, and gave themselves up
quietly, the party would proceed to
smother them in their hole, as they
were prepared with brimstone, and oth
er such articles, and this really was the
fact. Shortly after this appeal from
Marshal Harkin, Squires made his ap
pearance at the in Tilth of the den, and
was soon followed by Willis. They
were covered by guns until irons were
snapped upon them; when, having them
secure, the officers proceeded to exam
ine their den. They found within the
little drift a heavy rifle, the hammer of
which was gone, and a six-shooter, both
loaded, and a little bread. Although
their larder was in this lean condition, the
men did not present the appearace of
having suffered from hunger. But
they refused to say how or where they
had obtained provisions further than
to own to having made some raids upon
gardens. They were both dressed in
the uniform of the State Prison, except
that Squires had on a pair of Kentucky
jean pantaloons. Botli convicts were
terribly down in the mouth at being
caught so easily. When Willis came
out he said there was no use of their
trying to fight, but if their Henry rifle
had been in good order they would
have defended themselves.
Squires was very bitter, and growled
so much that Willis at last said to him
that there was no use in swearing so
about it; they were caught, and might
as well laugh as cry. Squires said he
grumbled because the officers had
hunted the hill so closely that they had
no chance to get away. He told the
officers that if they would let them go
they would leave the country and nev
er come back; and further, they would
send them every cent of the money
they make in the next three years.
Squires said he had nothing to do with
the break; that he knew nothing until
about 4 o’clock on the evening it was
made, and that he then hesitated a
longtime about taking advantage of it
to leave, and he was d—d sorry he ever
did leave. He further said that the
others that escaped were a set of d— and
cut-throats and that he did not want to
go with them. He said that the men
who planned the break were down on
him, and gave him a broken
gun, with much more to the same ef
fect. The two men told Downey that
when he was out after tliem, last Sun
day, he was at one time within 500
yards of them. They knew every
move that had been made by the offi
cere in this city for their capture as
well as did the'officers themselves, but
refused to say how they kept posted.
The prisoners were taken to Dayton,
and thence to Carson, last evening,
after being captured. All of the party
named above went with them, except
Constable Comstock, who came to this
city, and to whom we arc under obliga
tions for our account of the afiair of
the capture.
The death of M. Edward Bertin, of
the Paris Journal des Debats, is re-
ported. He was a painter by profess-
ion, and Inspector of Fine Arts, under
Louis Philippe. His father founded
the Debats, and he succeeded to the
direction in 1854, on the death of a
I younger brother.
Sedan celebrated the sad anniversary
;of its great battle by closing all places
of business and holding solem services
I in the churches.
$2.00 a ITear, in Advance.
RUSSIA IN THE EAST.
The Thoff of a lifli gi' Japanese Island
England Fretting About It.
The London Advertiser says, regard
ing the Russian advance on India, that
at the present moment, -when British
interests in the East are completely
neglected by our Ministers —when they
are deaf to the appeals of India, dumb
as to affairs in China, and blind to the
incessant advances of Russia on our
greatest dependency—it may be well to
draw attention to the latest step which
the great Northern Power has taken to
give it another place of leverage from
which to wrench our Indian empire
from us—or at least to attack it with
increased probabilities cf success. As
the public would certainly never hear
of such events from the present Gov
ernment until it was too late to prevent
them (as we fear it is in the present
case), it becomes more imperatively the
duty of the independent press to warn
them of tho menacing attitude taken up
by foreign powers in reference to the
Eastern possessions which they are
known to covet ro much, and to point
out the dangers which, by the reckless
idleness of the Gladstone cabinet, are
accumulating around India. In the
last weeks of the late abortive session,
which were devoted to the wholesale
withdrawal of every measure to which
the Government was pledged, the Rus
sian Government quietly, and without
any remonstrance from our Ministers,
took possession of a large island in the
sea of Okotsk, which it would not be
too much to describe as one of the
most important keys of the far West.
This island of Saghalien, or Tarakai,
extends along the eastern coast of Asia,
between 142 and 145 degrees east longi
tude, and is only separated from the
continent by a strait called the Gulf of
Tartary. This island is about 600
miles in length, and it varies from
about 80 to 120 miles in -width. It in
cludes an area of some 30,000 square
miles of mountainous but fertile coun
try, richly wooded with oak, birch,
pine, and willow, and containing, be
sides, apparently inexhaustible coal
mines. The act is unscrupulous and
unjustifiable, and the excuse that the
resources of the island will be more
quickly developed by Russia than by
the Jeddo Government is too flimsy to
bear investigation. Except for its vast
mineral resources, it is impossible to
look upon Saghalien as of any great
value to Japan, but it is equally impos
sible to regard the action of Russia
without apprehension and anxiety. It
is, in fact, one of the most lawless
acts of aggression, annexation, in his
tory, and it evinces as much disregard
for* the interests of Russia’s European
allies interested in the East as for the
unfortunate Ainos whom they have
now subjugated.
American Oysters in England.
London Correspondence of the Boston Journal.
Everybody who has been in England
knows what a horrid little unsavory,
unpalatable, copper colored, copper
flavored, and generally contemptible
bivalve the English oyster is. Every
body who hasn’t been in England ought
to know, so that in his calculation of
iudveements to go abroad he may give
due weight to the privation he must
suffer from the relinquishment of one
of the many luxuries in America which
abounds in extent and quality not to be
equalled in any part of the civilized
world—and in spite of the character of
English oysters —and in which any im
partial palate will bear me witness.
English people do not except it from
the modest category of superiorities
they so characteristically boast. This
may charitably be e> plained in many
cases by want of experience, as every
Englishman has not been so fortunate
as to visite America or have a friend
who sufficiently regards him to send
him an oyster treat across the sea.
Fancy my disgust after investing a
$2O greenback in selected “saddle
rocks,” and freighting them 3,000 miles
on ice, as a special compliment and
treat to what I thought would prove an
appreciative recipient —fancy my pity
and contempt at being told that “cop
per flavor was better than no flavor at
all.” Miserable things as they are in
England they’re expensive, very expen
sive—7o to 80 cents a dozen —so that it’s
rather the swell thing to have them,
which is indeed the only explanation of
their use. The nearest approach to a
genuine oyster, as we understand the
article, found in the English markets,
comes from Ostend, and is just enough
like an oyster to be aggravatingly sug
gesiive.
This condition of things has led to a
rather novel enterprise, which may be
attributed to either thesub-rosa honest
preference of the Englishman for “an
hoysterasis an hoyster,” or to the
American demand abroad; but let the
cause be what it may; England is going
to have oysters, and America will sup
ply them; not parboiled, shriveled-up
bits of old leather, slightly flavored
with oyster, but the genuine thing, and
on the following plan: It has been
found by experience that American
oysters brotxght over the seas in bar
rels and put to bed again for a couple
of weeks in the English waters are en
tirely revived in freshness and solidity,
and,' it is claimed, “improved” in fla
vor and appearance. Upon the success
of this experiment an “Import Fish
and Oyster Company,” limited, has
been organized, capital $lOO,OOO (equiv
alent.) It is expected to turn over the
capital employed once in everv two
months at an estimated profit of 40 per
cent, per turn over—24o per cent- per
annum! Looks a little fishy, but no
doubt there is money in the idea.
Coffee.
An importer of coffee in New \ork
publishes a letter, in which he states
that there has been a considerable fall
ing off in the production of coffee this
season. The three principal coffee re
gions are Brazil, Java, and Ceylon. The
Brazilian crop has declined from 480,-
000,000 to 200,000,000 of pounds, and
the Java crop from 170,000,000 to 106,-
000.000 of pounds. Of the Ceylon crop
there is no accurate data. He adds
that there is no lack of supply yet felt,
but that the ultimate effect of these
deficiencies has already been discover
ed throughout the world by a rise of
price.
A serious epidemical disease, de
scribed as a sort of influenza fe\ er, is
raging among horses in Newcastle and
Gateshead, England. The disease pre
vailed in London last year, and it is
supposed to have been brought from
there. The animal is totally prostrated
during the period of attack.
Two brothers were recently married
to two sisters in a church in Indianapo
lis, Ind.
General Items.
NKCKor nothing A ball-dress.
Seventy millions of people talk Eng
lish.
Jersey City has a five year-old drunk
ard.
New York has a female medical so
ciety.
A piano without strings has been in
vented,
A Chicago man has a saw mill for his
coat of arms.
Secretary Seward’s life is insured
for $lOO,OOO.
Macon, Ga., is building her first
i street railroad.
Steam omnibusses have been intro
duced in Paris.
Southern winter tours are to be
popular hereafter.
The navy of Brazil is said to have
never yet lost a vessel.
Nearly 200,000 sheep browse on the
summit of the Calaveras mountains.
Lo! the poor Indian, numbers just
375,000, according to the last census.
A visitor at Niagara Falls has been
fined $5 for insolence to a hackman
there.
The Philadelphia voting lists show a
total of 155,656, or an increase of 6,532
since last year.
A California milkman apologizes for
ha-sing left a can of water by mistake at
a customer’s house.
The Florida papers all agree that not
more than half a cotton crop will be
gathered in that State.
NO. 49.
Caroline Etchings is soon to com
mence a three months’ tour under the
management of J. T. Ford.
Shooting with bow? and arrows is
now the popular amusement and exer
cise among the New York ladies.
The best preventive against the rust
ing of iron and steel tools is a thin
coat of crude lubricating petroleum,
Hox. E. Joy Morris, late American
Minister to Turkey, has just returned
to Philedelphia, after 10 years absence.
New York State canal tolls for the
third week in September were $123,-
608.60 a gain over last year of $19,815.
82.
English experience is said to show
that, out of every thirty colts from
thoroughbred stock, but one proves
fast.
An exchange wishing to speak of the
“Lost Heir.” was surprised to see that
ithe compositor made it the “Lost
Hen.”
There are twenty-eight gravestones in
the Laramie cemetery, and on nineteen
of these the epitaph is the one word,
“Killed.”
Hawthorne said that Miss Bremer
“was a most estimable little woman,
worthy to be the maiden aunt of the
whole human race.”
Since the Hospodar of Eoumania
went to that country he is said to have
spent his entire private fortune, es
timated at $1,000,000.
An effort is being made to establish
an institution in Albany, where poor
young girls and women may be taught
the use of the sewing machine.
An Enoch Arden case is in process of
settlement in the San Francisco courts
in a truly American style. Each of the
three parties sues for a divorce.
One of the houses in the Rue dea
Commines, destroyed during the reign
of the Commune in Paris, is said to
have belonged to Christine Nilsson.
The composer of the famous musical
refrain, “Die Wacht am Rhein” (The
Watch on the Rhine) has received $750
from Prince Bismarck, with a promise
that it shall be annually paid him.
It appears that the gallows has, dur
ing the present year, been introduced
in Japafi. The consternation of the
people is said to be quite appalling, and
it is hard to tell what the result may be.
The DuchesSe du Plessis d’Areme
cey, notfd during the First Empire, and
prominent in the reign of Louis Phi
lippe,has just died at Yitry-le Francais
in her 10 th year.
The largest rope in the world was
lately made in Birmingham, England.
It is about six miles long, five and a
quarter inches in circumference and
weighs over sixty tons.
The crew of the Norwegian propeller
caught nearly fourteen thousand seals
in the Arctic" Ocean this season. The
Norwegian fleet in seal catch
ing numbers about twenty vessels.
Philadelphia is the great drug and
chemical market. Her productions in
this class of goods are enormous, be
ing a little more than seven-eights of
all manufactured in the United State?.
The daughter of a wealthy gentleman
in Ireland, who was recently, after the
death of her mother, sent to Louisville
to be educated, has been made insane
bv home-sickness and grief, and has
started on her return home, in charge
of a friend.
A bullet settled a disputed point in
a game of croquet in Virginia the other
day. The funeral of the gentleman
who got on the wrong side of the argu
ment—and the wrong end of the pistol,
was one of the most fashionable
events of the season.
We lately learned that a hair-dresser
in this city has on sale a double braid
of pure gray hair, twenty-eight inches
in length and about the thickness of
one’s wrist, on which he places the
modest price ot S3OO and expects to
get it, too. New York Mail.
The new Greek church in New York
will cost $300,000. Its location will be
on Lexington avenue, above Fifty-first
street. A superb and costly altar ser
vice will be sent over from St. Peters
burgh for the use of the church.
A famous judge came late to court
one day in busy session, whereat the
clerk, in great surprise, inquired of
him the reason. “A child was born,”
his honor said, and I am the happy
sire.” An infant judge?” “Oh, no,”
said he, “as yet he’s but a crier.”
A disease, which is said to attack the
lungs and fill them with worms, has
broken out among the Shropshire (Eng
land) sheep, and is playing sad havoc
with the flocks. The loss in one dis
trict already is announced as having
been from twelve to twenty-five per
cent.
The Polish Jews have the reputation
of being among the longest-lived peo
ple in Europe. One of their number,
Leser Chamanower, died recently in
Prussian Poland, near Tamotschau, in
his 117th year. He is said to have two
brothers still living, aged respectively
105 and 109 years.
Terrible stories are told of the say
ageness of mosquitoes in Florida this
season. Field hands are driven from
work by them. A government survey
ing party was stampeded, cattle and
horses are nearly worried to death;
fowls have their sight destroyed,young
chickens are killed, and cats and dogs
driven nearly mad by the fierce insects.
An unfortunate English physician in
Hull examined a case of cholera, which
came into that port on a Russian
steamer from Cronstadt, and rushed in
to print with it, declaring it the Asiatic
cholera. The same evening, Par ha
ment, Mr. Forster announced that l.he
Privy Council had sent their own phy
cician there, and that the case was
English, and not Asiatic.
California expects to manufacture
large quantities of brandy in the future.
The vast increase in the production of
grapes, and the difficulty of finding a
ready market for the crop, has led to
the organization of a brandy making
company in Hacramento.- Their distil
lery will turn opt 600 gallons a day, and
it is expectedfthat otherr will be speedi
i ly erected and put in operation.