-j. -iz. ipz
clo:
ust.c veains at G41 for the old issue andfl5.
4J
THING
'Ka
Cottos continues in fair request In New
The Cincinnati Cwnmerdar rietrates
the following: eli'bvfling4fi(hot'Traui,
and the wnlking philoscpher, the immortal
tl.ey are harmless."
r 'in..' A
Hos. E. I.,Gollaiav introduced a Ml
inJSongress MonditoWund -the-cotUm
'-tar collected hTlSGS, 185G, and 18C7: also,
to make an appnfprtationi the custom
house building In this city.
firs W..H,TW,t- X, r .t.-
.rinV.T: V"UC":
--"uji
Poflffill cases wera.to coma up Monday inj
t St 9 f 1 k
umbia5,;iudge fjarter.hascfmplicated the
prosecution of these crimlnala by ordering
fccfcUiat fraudulent; names and writings be iden
tified.
"?.SVrnK. Washington .rrepocdesiof the
uisvilleLe(?fl'rjrays:,,Qrant 6oe-Ho!d-ers'hkvo
a" peculiar,, jra .'of their ow to
bld 'cn to' office. Among thesels Hr.
jflSettleQur Minister to Peru, who hu ar-
T "lived aTwashington on a leaveof absence
given him on the, ground of ill health. He
now proposes to continue to draw pay and
to work for a nomination as Governor of
North .Carolina qn the.lUdicattickek His
chances for the latter are said to be good."
A Washington dispatch says: "It ap-
pears not to bo true tliat l)emocratIe
Senators have written a letter asking
Senator-elect Vance to resign In order that
the North Carolina Legislature may elect a
Senator who can take the oath. There has
been considerable talk about the propriety
Sf of such a letter, but none has been written.
If Congress passes a general amnesty bill,
Mr. Vance will be eligible; otherwise not.
Messrs. Sumner, Morton, Stewart, Edmunds
and other leading Radicals are oppqsed to
allowing any of the old prominent
Southern irien to come back to Congress.
TKXXESS1BCS "JOYAI" CLAIMANTS.
The Soul hern Claims Commissioners
cent their first report to the House of Rep
resentatives on the 14th inst. They state
-that 10,000 claims had been filed with them
up to. the end of November, involving the
aggregate sum of nearly $30,500,000. The
presentation of new claims has somewhat
fallen oflT, and it is thought that at least one
half of the whole number have now been
filed. Assuming this estimate to be sub
stantially correct, the total amount claimed
under the act of March S, 1671, is not likely
to exceed $50,000,000, nor the total allow
ances in settlement thereof from $10,000,
000 to $12,000,000. The following are the
claims from Tennessee that havo been al-
lowed and the amount of each
Amos V. Brannock, $05; Hiram Britt,
$589; Peyton BlanMnship, $255; James C.
Brown, $1G1; Thomas Belew, $175; Wil
liam Crntchfield, $2,304; John K. Clark,
$130; Jacob P. Clark, $103; Seth II. Cham
bless, $90; Mrs. Sydney GT. Cleaveland, $1,
025; Henrv Donkers, $535; C. T.P. Davis,
$959; Nancv P. Davis, $959; Thomas Friar,
$105; T. W. Allen, $195; Frank A. Arnold,
$714; Albert Sherman, $100; Daniel
Stamps, $150; Baxter M. Poor, $180; Jas.
Millingcr, $2,000; Blackmore H. Mayo $125;
Robert C. Hon, $105; B. P. McCrary, $720;
Nancy Laughlin, $427; Jerry Hall, $227;
Elias Webster, $125. William Ycuff, $810;
Ellen McDonald, $150; Rev. James M.
Pendleton, $S71; Isaac Harlan, $12; W. G.
Hartman, $130; G. W. Humble, $320;
Jacob Humble, $29; Edmund Knowles,
$380; John S. Laycok, $110; Wm. Kile,
$117; John F. Phifer, $125; Elijah Wig
gins, $150; J. R. Robinson, $439; James
Kolwrtson, $342; John W. Robertson, $923;
H. T. nawthorn, $453; Daniel Jones, $285;
W. W. Porter, $55; Arthur O'Neill, $250.
This foots up $18,555. The original
amount claimed is not stated. The claims
of the following TennesseeanJ were disal
lowed: C. A. Beehn. S. H. Brandon, Samuel H.
Bennett, David Burk, A. D. Bennett, Ar
mand Childress, Robert Campbell, Mary L.
Cuthbertson, William Fisher, William T.
Austin, George Shelton, Margaret E. Smith,
William V. McMahon, Perry M. Neal, J.
Geo. Harris, United States Navy, James
Millinger, Myer B. Myers, Albert S. Hall,
Benj. Wyatt, Ephriam Langley, Benj. F.
Locke, John D. Ridly, Louisa M. Gay,
Catharine O'Conner, Robert H. Hall, James
A. Henry, G. W. Humble, W. J. Keaton,
E. J. Kyle, Robert Kizer, Joseph W. Mc
Call, EliT. McGilhJ. T. Sampson, Wm.
Robinson, Elizabeth Toof, Susan Lowry,
Ananias Schooler, James B. Bowman,
.Tleming W. Cliauey, John H.,McGaughy,
Wm. Sims, L. T. Bledsoe.
The amount of damages claimed by these
narties is not stated.
THE ATXAXTIC MOXTHLT OH
GRANT.
The Atlantic Monthly would be nothing
2 If not Radical, but it appears that even it
has become suifcited of Grant. In the po
litical department of the January number,
that magazine thus discourses about Grant
and his administration
"Neither the Cincinnati Commercial,
or the Chicago Tribune, nor the Spring
field Republican, nor the New York Tribune,
would be displeased if Gen. Grant failed in
securing a reno mi nation. There are many
reasons, too, why Gen. Grant's continu
ance m the onice wouia oe regretted
ky other people. As a rule, military
men are not the stuff to make good states
men for an unmilitary and com
mercial society. For the most part they
entertain a professional contempt for law,
even when they avow their loyalty to it.
Of this peculiarity Gen. Grant's adminis
tration lias given at least one signal illustra
tion. Declaring himself firmly opposed to
Intervention in the affairs of foreign nations,
be lias for some time past maintained a pro
tectorate of San Domingo, which is in reali
ty an illegal war against Hayti, carried on
in the teeth of a distinct provision of the
Constitution. Again, Gen. Grant seems
ignorant of the elementary principles of
economical science to the extreme of be
lieving that the chief source of the wealth
of this country is to be found in the mines
of California. His system of appointments
lias been unintelligible. Appointments
such as Mr. Murphy's and Consul Gen.
Butler's are possible, we see, because com-
missions have been issued to them; but
how the same man who apitointed Mr. Mur
phy and Consul Gen. Butler should also
sJiave appointed Mr. Fish and Judge Hoar,
Inexplicable. Besides all this, he has
hhown S-syigular want of delicacy, to say
the least, iirreceiving innumerable presents,
and indirectly profiting himself out of gov
ernment contracts. To own stock in a
commercial enterprise is one thing, but to
own stock in a corporation which is daily
making valuable contracts with the depart
ments at Washington, is; for the President
of the LTnitcd States, quite another. We do
itot impugn his honesty. He is no doubt
.innocent of all share in the management of
the 'administration quarry,' but such a
scandal ought not U) be possible."
IKS Honrs Behind Time.
O maiia,NebraKA, Dec 18. Trains on
'oirthe Union and Pacific Railroad are
moving slowly, being from 48 to 90 hours
late, flie principal difficulty is among the
Black Hills between Cheyenna and Lara
mie. Aofcodj- II n rt.
Saratoga, Dec 18. Two hundred feet
of the roof of the iron depot of the Penn
sylvania Railroad was crushed by the weight
of snow this afternoon. Nobody hurt.
Henry Tuckeiisian, well known as a
scholar, died in New York on Sunday,
ned 5tf.
Tbo Steamboat Law.
WAaisa'HfKec 18. Representative
Negley to-day introduced a bill to amend
the steamboat law, being the amendment as
agn.e4.oa1 by he, Executive Committee of
at Jjoujevifte.-. -Tbey progosejasome mea
sure to remove tne most opjcctionaDie lea
tares of present acts and harmonize con
flicting interest, keeping in view the main
objects or tuSTaw, naaaeiy, safety urine,
and la relleve:tho- steam navifration interest
of the country from' unnecessary restric
tions and,- burdensvana.also,modifyins.the
.laMMMe Of U JAW SO
m we law so tiw a. later-
ested P my pft&arly .,ufcrstand; Its
prosOB8! c Aiaen tse aa
proviaioBgJ: l Among tag fohyndmente pro-,
yopo.'M ww iaafe-evj,-mimor uhiii oe
prOTMeeVwiSi a drag or floating aacfeot and
chains suitable' to the Vessel and- trade In
which, afee may ba employed, and, on any
tue or tew-boata, exclMirely .employed In
towing veasek, barges, or fiat boats ladeni
with coal, coke, stone, lumber, or ice, the
working pressure of steam allowed may be
three-fourths of tbe hydrostatic pressure to
which such "boilers shall bo subedited by
direction of owner or master; but in no case
shall the working pressure allowed be tensed
ly strain exceeding thirteen .thousand
pounds to Ihe sectional square inch on
boilers made of iron,, or fourteen thousand
pounds on boilers made of steel, wUhin sin-
trie nveaeo, ana tne same proportionate in
crease as already provided for within double
rivetting and drilled holes in boilers hereto
fore manutacturea. 'ino Diu.was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PadBo Ocean Telegraph.
A bill was introduced to-day to incorpo
rate John Je JUiier, wm. u. ifargo, 'aui
Spafford Perry, McDowell Collins, and
others, commissioners to open subscription
books for two ocean telegraphs, one from
the Western coast or the United btates to
China and Japan, and the other from the
Atlantic coast to Europe -by way of the
Bermudas and Arores, or by any other
way as may be approved by the lTtssident.
The stock of the Atlantic Company is fixed
at eight millions, and of the Pacific compa
ny at twelve millions. Referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Contested Elections.
Cesna Myers' contest from .Pennsylvania,
goes over the holidays.
In the case of Bowles vs. Edwards, from
Arkansas, the committee rejected Edwards'
application lor lurtner time to take testi
mony.
Kti'KIux Deflclenclcs.
The Committee on Appropriations have
agreed to report a bill appropriating nearly
$28,000 to pay deficiencies already incurred
l u. it., in n
A Koto for National Banks.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
called upon the National Banks for reports
of their condition at the close of business on
the 10th inst,
Blodgett Sqnclehed.
In the Senate to-day Mr. Carpenter, from
the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
to whom were referred the credentials
of
Foster Biodcett and Thos. M. Norwood
each claiming a seat as Senator from Geor
gia for tho term commencing March 4, 1871
submitted a report signed by all the mem
bers except Mr. Morton, declaring that Mr.
Norwood is entitled to the seat, he having
been duly elected in accordance with the
law of Congress by the Legislature chosen
next preceding the expiration of the former
Senatorial term. 1 he action of tho iiecis
lature which voted for Blodgett is held by
uongress to nave been without authority,
and they say the distinction sought to be
established by Blodgett between the words
elected and chosen in the said law of Con
gress derives no support from popular or
legal lexicography.
Oen. Brice Retires.
At his own request, and by direction of
the ITesident, Une. Uen. Benj. w. Brice.
Paymaster General, Is retired from active
service, and his name will be entered on the
list of retired officers of that grade to which
no now belongs.
Tbe Corruption Investigation.
Special to the Louisville ledger.
A leading Democratic Senator in Con
gress, commenting upon the Retrenchment
Committee, as agreed on in the Republi
can caucus, remarked yesterday that if he
could have had the arrangement of tlH en
tire programme ne could not see bow tne
Republican party could be placed in a more
embarrassing attitude, toward reforming
abuses of the public service, tfcan it has
now been placed by the voluntary action of
tbe administration senators.
Among Republican Senators the commit
tee as constituted is still the subject of free
and hard criticism. Several who voted
against the minority proposition forest that
at least one independent Republican could
not become a member therein.
Special to the Louisville Courier-Journal.
Letters have been received here during
tbe last day or two by leading Republican
Senators advising strongly against the course
which they have taken during the past week
on tne proposed investigation into the
charges of" corruption against the adminis
tration, l bese letters state that the peo
pie are unable to understand the technical!
ties arising between a standing and a special
committee, except so far as they serve to
show that the action of the Senate has re
stricted investigation, and in this view of it
thevurge that the fullest Inquiry be author
ized for every department of the public ser
vice, ine country will iook upon any otber
course as an evasion of the charges made
against tbe administration. A Republican
Senator advised the President yesterday to
take a prompt stand upon this question,
and to send a special message- to Congress
asking that an investigation be ord red. It
is not probable, however, that he will take
such a course, but leave tho Senate to settle
the issue in its own way. Ther is univer
sal opposition to the standing committee
agreed on in the caucus on Friday, and an
effort will probably be made in the Senate
to-morrow, when the question of instruct
ing the committee comes up, to change its
complexion.
OHIO
The Soldiers' Asylum.
Cincinnati, Dec 18 A special to the
Chronicle says Judge McKenny, of Dayton,
to-day decided in the coroner's contest case
that the inmates of the Ohio Soldiers' Home
have no right to vote in county elections.
CUBA.
Castanon's Grave.
New York, Dec 18. A Havana letter
to the Jierald states that a visit to the grave
of Castanon, which was alleged to have
been desecrated by the students who were
brutally shot by the volunteers, reveals the
fact that no desecration whatever has been
made. The glass covering of the niche is
not broken, as was stated by tbe Spaniards,
and everything about the grave is in perfect
order, never having been disturbed.
HAYTI.
Bainana Abandoned.
New Yonir, Dec 18. A letter from
Hayti states that Baez, President of Domi
nica, recently passed through his domin
ions entirely without escort.
The two years' leas of Samana having
expired, the Amsrican flag has been hauled
down at that station.
EAST INDIA.
10,000 People Flooded oat.
New York. Dec 18. Mail advices from
India state that the river Gurnti rapidly
rose on the night of Sept. 10, and overflow
de the banks, the flood lasting three days
and nights, and swept away about 3,000
houses in the city and vicinity of Jaunpour,
rendering 10,000 people houseless, i'here
was much sufTering as there was a lack of
food, and the Indigo harvest has been a par
tial failure.
Aab!e special says English merchants,
when the illness of the Prince of Wales was
alarming, bought up the entire stock of
black gloves, black artificial flowers, dry
goods and jet ornaments in Paris.
1OHtiBHCu Debate OH Betrenehmpnt.
1
SEVATk.
v Rhode Island KaOUkav;,
WAsmMQTON, Dec 18. Several
titions were referred, Including one bv Mr.
pe-
Sumner of the negroes pf Rhode Island,"
stating that they re outraged and RemAaA
and asking the passage of tho supplement-
iujr civ xi ngiua uiu.
Specie Payment.
Air. corbett Introduced a bill that the
national uanKS on me 1st of January 1872,
shall have 3 per cent, of gold, coin on hand
p uej aggregate circulation of taarency4
i4uuajujT uiim iDsv nave io per
AA.- Uau.Aa- I A 1
wuu buciceutcr. aim iv xep weir reserve in
gold instead
of legal tenderi: Ordered
printed,
TneBaettaeriBir Committee.
xrUn if,
feiTOtt 5?
Jbjrithe Gpverhment-onicers under tbe.uame
A VIA tAlOLO null iriaiTifainpfj
oi uenerai Urder Business a monstrous
abuse, fraudulent in character; and whereas
the following statement ma3e by a Senator
(here Is set forth Schurz's statement about
Business, and of a jnysterlpus power
sustamingthea against the protests of mer-
chants and the. wish of the Secretary ofthe
Treasury-) I
Therefore resolved, that tho'Conmilttetf
on investigation and Retrenchment be in
structed to enquire into the matter fullv.
and.particularly whether any collusion or
improper connection with such business
exists on thewart of any officer of the Uni
ted States, and to further enquire whether
any officer has been, or is known by his su
perior officers to be guilty of bribery, taking
uuwa ui umcr urixuta ui juiauemeanors,
ana mat tne committee oe authorized to
send for persons and papers.
Consideration was postponed until the
committee is appointed.
Mr. Anthony offered a resolution for the
appointment of the following Committee on
investigation and Retrenchment: Bucking
ham, Pratt, Howe, Harlan, Stewart, Pool
ana iiayara.
Mr, Sumner I ask the Senator who of
fered that resolution to state whether there
are named in the members of this commit
tee any of the Senators who broucht .for
ward this inquiry and especially urged it on
Mr. Anthony The Senator knows that
as well as I do. I think the gentlemen
named are exceedingly judicious, sensible,
moderate men, who command the confi
dence of their associates, although I do not
know that they have made themselves very
conspicuous in connection with the charges
mat nave been maae nere.
Mr. Sumner When I heard the list, I
was astonished at the absence of certain
names. I find on the list not the name of
a single Senator who urged this investiga
tion, or who voted for investigation in the
strongest form, unless it be the Democratic
benator lrom Delaware (Mr. Bayard)
The benators on this list all voted against
investigation in tne strongest lorm, and 1
understood every Senator in favor of inves
tigation in the strongest from, except one
Democratic Senator, is excluded from this
committee. It is for the Senate to
determine after tbe debate that has
occurred whether a committee organized
that way can satisfy the country. Perhap3
also it would be worth while to consider
whether its conformity with parliamentary
laws as laid down in Jefierson's Manual,
mat tnose wno take exceptions to some
particulars are to be of the committee, but
none who speak directly against the body of
tne bin, lor a cniid is not to be put to a
nurse who cares not for it. You smile, Mr.
rresiaent, you naturally smile when you
see that process going on in this chamber.
(laughter.) Jefferson proceeds to sav, it is
uiereiore the constant rule that no man is
to be employed on any matter who lias de
clared himseir against it, and when any
member who is against a bill hears himself
named on a committee he should ask to be
excused (laughter.) For five years past
mere jias been a committee on Retrench
ment joint in character but still representa
tive of the Senate. I know not whether
any members of that committee appear on
the list. 1 he benator lrom Rhode Island i
Mr. Schurz No.
Mr. bumner My mend before me says
not one. Neither the Chairman on that
committee, Mr. Paterson, who had' gained
much experience in ferretting out abuses,
nor one of his associates finds a place on
mis -committee. Why, sir, to me it is simp
ly inexplicable
Mr. Anthony 1 believe that the appoint
ment of this committee is strictly parlia
mentary. The committee was voted for un
animously. The Senator from Illinois
(lrumbull) moved a joint committee, and
liad that committee been agreed on he would
have been entitled to the chairmanship, but
the resolution under which this committee
is appointed, was moved by me, and if the
committee were to bo appointed by the
chir,I would probably here ask to be excused
as chairman. 1 don't know what my fnend
from Massachusetts, (Mr. Sumner,) means
when he speaks oi benators here who are
opposed to this inquiry. I don't know of a
single Senator who is opposed to the most
searching and thorough inquiry into any
charges of corruption by whomsoever made
in this chamber. iSvery benator who has
spoken on the subject has declared himself
in favor of thorough investigation, and I
ask my friend to read the names of the
men on this committee and say if there is a
man there that he believes would cover up
corruption. I consider this committee an
eminently judicious one.
Mr. T human, the benator from Ilhode
Island, wholly evades the question. No
Senator will say a word in disparagement
of the character of either the Senatots pro
posed as members of this committee, and no
such issue can be forced upon the Senate.
We are not hero to investigate the char
acter of Senators. We are here to inquire
whether this proposed committee will be
ki accordance with parliamentary usages
and good sense. 1 he question is whether,
having having resolved to investigate, the
investigations shall be committed to a com
mittee. To say that those who favor inves
tigation ought to be upon the committee
implies no imputation on the motives of
those who woidd be excluded from it.
There is a difference in opinion in the Sen
ate as to the existence of frauds and the ne
cessity for investigation.
Mr. Conkhng What dmerei ice I
Mr. Thurman The Senator from Nevada
said the other dav that there was no neces
sity for investigation at all that this admin
istration and its officials were so pure, there
was nothing to investigate.
Mr. 1 rehnghuysen asked Mr. Thurman
whether the parliamentary rules was not
that Senators who voted for the measure
ifibuld be on the committee.
Mr. Thurman You cannot evade the
rule by taking six or seven gentlemen that
voted for the resolution, There is a rule
that the Senator who moves for an inquiry
is to be placed at the head of the committee,
if he is of the dominant party but the
Senator from Illinois (Trumbull) is not put
at the head of this committee.
Mr. Buckingham, The Senator from Il
linois (Mr. Trumbull) distinctly declined,
not publicly but privately, to be either
chairmrn of the committee or on the com
mittee. Mr. Trumbull, The only conversation I
ever had on the subject, according to my
recollection, was with tho Senator from
Connecticut, after the benatc voted down
the proposition to raise a committee and re
fer to it subjects specified, and proposed
simply to raise a committee and move it to
have no power, except such as tho Senate
should afterwards confer on it. I did say
to the Senator that I could not consent to
serve on a committee raised in that way.
The morning hour here expired, and on
motion of Mr, Anthony the unfinished busi
ness was postponed by a vote of 41 to 22.
Mr. Thurman resumed. Another par
liamentary usage, he said, had been violated
in the case, it was usual to permit the
minority to elect their own representatives
upon a commsttee. But this committee
had been cooked up in a a Republican cau
cus, and the name of the one Democrats
that was to be allowed on the committee
was selected without consulting the minor
ity. Further, it was remarkable that there
was only one Democrat to be put cn a com
mittee which was to enter.into, an investi
gation as broad as the Union. The Demo.
raUc'Snatoi-sTV'erfl 'satisfied witll tEe' felec"
rJr n tbei,r ?pWnt w'tbi
u.Ajmuuuuonaisen.Krf select ipr
them, all.
A M Ihit.ntia .....L .1
r. r "cu,u,:lr jum uot
Mr. Howe protested anstinir classed
&3 an, opponent of- investigation, because he.
had not thought fit to vpteXorMrj Trumbull's
resolution,
Mr. Bayard thought Mr.SmrinnrH crilMam
just. He believed the desien In maklne ho
4. ti III M.
me uiuiuiucd n 11,11. omy one. juiemocTat,
was that when a Senator offers
I of inquiry on some particular case, he im-
Mr. Howe; desired; SB-; Bayard to under-
stana tnat ne wouiu eo as far as h Tr.
Bayard) in investicatlnffanv. branch nf thn
"public service, and Votefor tl6 niost radical.
sweeumg, searcumg .mvestigaUon he knows'
now to contrive.
Mr. Bavard accented Mr. Tlnwfl'
ana Vddld offer as a'substltdte.'M?. Trum-
Uonkling voted against it before,: hSftto
Totefpritnow. '.(rj'F
muisinuijwuu.il, ucueving, annougu jtr.
Mr. Conkllne said he votfwl niralnstom.
bodvins Mr. Trumbull's nrn,!
ruiea m ine, oenate, but he- was ready to
..u.ug.u.tuu. iuo
monopoly of pubUc virtue bv the centli
-uuui, .wiuumucniauu mere wasiw
"knew Him (Conkline) well enoneh t knnw
that he- earnestly desired to dfacove'if and
punish frauds.
Mr. Bayard was sUR under the imnres- i
djuu uai, uieru was an inconsistencv be-
11 .1.
iwcun me posiuon.oi jur. uonkling Thurs
day and to-day. It was a'sinsular. thinr.
that1 notwithstanding his protestations of a
desire for reform, every man who attempted
to initiate a reform, or even to point out
abuses in the administration, had beea at-
tacseu, ana, 11 possible, crushed. David A.
Wells, a genuine and valuable reformer, had
ueeu ireamu in mat way, ana mere was a
very manifest disposition on the part of the
administration champions to treat later re
formers in the same wav. Another sinmi.
lar fact was, that whenever any one on the
other side of the house asked for an investi
gation ot lraud or corruption,he was at once
accused of aiming at the President. Why
auuiuu uio menus oi tne administration
identify their chief with its abuses? Nev
ertheless the country would insist on an In
vestigation. The country would like to
know whether it was true as staled hv th
Aew ionc iTiuune. Tne country would
like to know whether it was true that tho
nxecutive power had ever cast its shadsw
into this chamber and attempted to influ
ence tbe action of Senators either by the
dulcet tones of promises of reward, or by
the threatening tones of vengeance to be
taken upon those who had the msifortune
to be the ofiender's friends. All these were
fit subjects for investuatiou. The investi
gation, to effect anything, must be made by
men who were willing to investigate. It
was not a question of character but of opin
ion. The Senator from Indiana. Mortonl
for instance, would bo unfit to be a member
01 tbis committee, because he had declared
the other day that ours was the best civil
service In tho world.
jir. aionon reiterated that our civil ser
vice is better than that of any European
country, more free from abuses, eaual in
Integrity and most efficient than any other.
Mr. Conkling said he thought it but
right that the desire of the Democrats to
have its additionrl members of the com
mittee should be granted.
Mr. Bayard said his enquiry so far as he
liad made one was directed to the Senior
Senator from New York,
3Ir. Conklins said lie was the Senior
Senator.
Mr. Bavard I meant the other Senator.
I have been so accustomed to associate the
ideas of youth and beauty with the Sena
tor who has just spoken, that it never oc
curred to me that he was the senior Senator.
Laughter.
Mr. Erelinghuysen argued that the Com
mittee as proposed was in accordance with
requirements of parliamentary law and be
lieved Trumbull's proposition contrary to
tbe Constitution.
Mr. Sumner said, the Senator from Con
necticut, (Buckingham) before takmsr his
place of chairman soothed his parliamenta
ry conscience by ascertaining that the
Senator from Blinois (Trumbull) would not
accept the place, but his conscience did not
require him to ascertain whether Schurz or
Patterson, or any other Senator who had
been pressing this inquiry would take the
piace.
Mr. namblin argued that the constitution
of the committee was in accordance with
parliamentary, and eulogized the Adminis
tration.
Mr. Scott moved to add Mr. Casserlv
(Democrat) to the committee. Carried.
Mr. Logan said it was almost impossible
to act an independent part in the Senate
now these three or four men, perhaps
five, who undertake the management of the
party. t
HOESE.
A laree number of bills were introduced.
inciuaing tne loiiowing:
io punisb bank, insurance, btate and
Government officials for bribery and cor
ruption.
liy .Mr. Williams, of Ohio To prevent
cruelty to annuals in transit by railroads.
uy Jir. btevenson to prevent the ap
pointment oi uisnonest and incompetent
government oiuciais, and making omcers
appointing, ana members 01 uongress re
commending them, responsible for then-
misconduct.
By Mr. Arthur: To abolish export bond
ed warenouses lor tobacco and snull.. Also
lor me repeal 01 tne special tax on manu
facturers and dealers in tobacco and dears.
Cotton Tax Nashville Cnstomhonso.
By Mr. Golladay: To refund the cotton
tax collected in 1S05-66-C7. Also for
Government buddings in Nashville, Tenn.
Utah.
By Mr. Blair (Mo.l: To letralize oolveam-
lst marriages in utan, and dismiss all on
ginal proceedings in Utah against poly
gamists. By Mr. Tafle: For the admission of Utah
as a btate.
The House then took up and adopted
Mr. Cox's resolution in recard to Interna
tional copyright. It directs the Commit
tee on Library to inquire into the whole
subject.
Mr. Uonger, from the Committee on Com
merce reported a bill modifying the steam
boat act, allowing boats on the Mississippi
and tributaries to carry 150 instead of 110
pounds of steam to the souaro inch on
standard boilers of 43 inches diameter, and
on plates a quarter or an Inch in thickness.
Passed,
Thursday next was assigned to ceneral
debate.
Mr. McNeely offered a resolution Inquir
ing into the cause of the removal and con
dition of the accounts of Gen. Balloch of
the Freedman's Bureau. Adopted.
The .Paris Commune.
Mr. Haldeman asked leave to offer a res
olution expressing the profound regret of
the House at learning of the angry severity
with which the French government, of
which Thiers is President, has punished the
prisoners captured from.the government of
t Tin rvOTimi...A nf i
the Commuue at Paris
Mr. Pierce objected.
ft Mr. Haldeman moved to suspend the
rules so that the resolution might be offered
and adopted.
Mr. Cox wished to oner an amendment
condemmng the atrocities of the Spanish
government.-
ihe bpeaker stated that no amendment
was in order.
The nouse refused to suspend tho rules.
Yeas 05, nays 86, less than two-thirds
having voted in tho affirmative. Ail the
Democratic members, except Slocum, voted
in the affirmative, also the following Repub
licans: Butler of Massachusetts Butler of
Tennessee, Blair of Michigan, Conger,
Farnsworth, Fenkebprg and Hay of Illinois,
Kellenger, Lane, Lynch, Mercur, Piatt and
Porter of Virginia, Scofield, Sholdon, Stark-
weatner, bypuerand Wilson of Ohio. Hoar,
Dawes, Kelly and Shanks voted in the neg
ative. Mr. Hoar then offered the following reso
lution and called for the yeas and nays. It
was adopted.
Resolved, That while the House deems
the conduct of foreign governments beyond
its jurisdiction, it deeply sympathizes with
all efforts to establish self government and
republican institutions, and with tbe fami
lies and friends of all persons who have.lost,
their lives, eimer in"the"fleldor on the scaP
1 folds orwiV4" fn ihlntTZe Jtn
e2 5 FT je. 3
Messrs. Coxd Wood said it was net-
i I f r-
necessary to nave tbe veaa and nav on that
th ttaiai-i tw J
.Mr. Cox amin inonircl wi
Spanish government for the brual execution

01 mcuicai Biuuents innavana.
The Speaker told him he could not
The resolution was adopted unanimously.
Mr. Keuoesr,:of Connectlcnt. asked leave
to offer a resolution requesting the cOtnmitr
tee on ways ami jaeans to report abill ear
ly in January next for the immediate TCDeal
of the income tax, and for the repeat of
otner internal Keycaue taxes.-, .except oil
liquors, clears, tobacco and s tamos.
I Mr. Dawes: -Let the resolntinn hn aim.
ply referred to the committee on Wavsxand
Means, Jt does;not.give.thecom8aittee any
time to consider the matter, but instructs it
aiionnd or taxes'
-EmJ S
to report a dui mat wiff repeal all bank tax-
i.if?tUi ,ut', A
resSla-
Tu,r:r.: ?Sf "WUW
and
Mr. Soear. of Georria. moved to adinnm.
i wmcn was agreea to Dy a vote of 1UU to W.
Pendlnn the vote Mr. Butler, of r
4 wit. 1
ignis oi sunrage accianntr women en
titled to suffrage under the 14th Constitu
tional, amendment. t
House adjourned,
Alabama Arbitration at Genera.
Orange Blots in
Londonderry.'
More of tbe Xexican Muddle.
GENEVA.
Geneva, Oct. 18. The Commissioners
for the arbitration of the Alabama claims
held a formal meetinz to-dav. Count Se-
Iapis, the Italian member of the Board, was
cnosen rresiaent, ana tho court adjourned
uu meiom oi ouue.
Tbe Complaint or the United States.
New York. Dec. 18. At the meetimr of
ll. f
me liiuuiliu oi aroitration anoointeu to con
sider the treaty of Washington, the case on
behalf of the United States was represented
Dynon. u. v. Davis. After reciting the
uruvuiuus oi tne treatment, tne statement
proceeded:
Ihe United Stales have the honor to-dav
belore the tribunal arbiration, this then-
pointed, case accompanied by documents,
the official correspondence and other evi
dence on which they rely. They propose
to show by a historical statement the course
pursued by theBritish Government towards
the United States from the outbreak of the
insurrection in the Southern States
that there was on the nart of
that (jcovernment a studied unfairness
or fixed predisposition adverse to the United
btates, which furnished a constant motivp
for several acts of omission and commission
hereinafter complained of as inconsistent
with its duty as a neutral. Having ad
duced the evidence of this fact the
united btates will next endeavor tn
show what they deem to have
been the duties of Great Britain
towards the United States in respect to
several cruisers. The United States will
then endeavor to show that Great Britain
waited to perform these duties both gener
ally and specifically as to each of the cruis
ers, and that such failure involved liability
w remunerate tne united btates ror the
losses thus inflicted upon them, on
the citizens, and uoon others
protected by this flag. Lastly the United
States will endeavor to sytiify the tribunal
of arbitration that it can find In the testi
mony ample material for estimating the
amount of such injuries and will ask the
tribunal to exercise the powerconferred by
the treaty of awarding a sum in the "gross
to be paid by Great Britain to the United
btates for all claims.
IRELAND.
The Boys of Derry.
Dublix, Dec 18. The RLord Lieuten
ant has issued a proclamation forbidding all
processions or assemblages in .Londonderry.
2io trouble from the Catholics is antici
pated, but the intentions of the Boys of
uerry are unknown, and it is feared they
win attempt an onensive demonstration.
tatcr niotlnar.
NotwitLstanding the proclamation of the
Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland forbidding pro
cessions or assemblages in .Londonderry.
the Apprentice Boys of that city to-day
attempted to parade under the leadership
of Johnston, a member of Parliament.
They were warned to desist from their un
dertaking, but refused, when a force of cav
alry and constabulary charged upon and dis
persed tne procession, beveral persons
were severely injured. For a while there
was considerable excitement, but all was
quiet mis evening.
GREAT BRITAIN.
Lootos noon Dec 18. Morning bul
letins irombanaringbam announce that the
i'nnceot Wales slept well ail mght, and his
condition is m all respects satisfactory.
Prayers were offered in all the churches
yesterday for his complete recovery.
i: M. An official bulletin from San-
dringham says the Prince of Wales has
passed a (juiet day. Blegg, the Prince's
groom, died to-day from typhoid fever, con
tracted about the same time with his Koyal
iiignness.
The Queen leaves Windsor to-day for
Osbom where she will stay during the holi
days.
A public rejoicing took place at Windsor
to-day over the convalescence Prince of
Wales. A largo number were roasted
by order of the London authorities,
and a general least was held, to which the
poor and many other persons were in
vited.
Ex-Empress Eugenie sailed from Gibral
tar on tne lotn lor JSngiand.
Seventeen Seamen Drowned.
The French bark Costa Rica was run int
last night by an unknown vtajcl off th
Isle of Wright and sunk, carrying down
seventeen of the crew. A unknown vessel
hurried off and made no attempt to assist.
American ABairs.
The Times of to-day contains an editorial
on American affairs, its topic being i'resi-
aent urant's message, and the accompany
ing documents, full copies of which have
been received by mail. The Times' article
says it is struck with astonishment by the
exposition of the unbounded facilities of
production of tho United States. Tho
umes expresses the belief that, as a ceneral
thing, the propositions of the Secretary of
the Treasury should be adopted. It never
theless hopes that the American Congress
win reject lioutweirs proposal for giving
subsidies to persons employing American-
built iron steamships. The Times approves
r i r .v..
of the propositions for incorporating the
telegraph with the Ptstoffice Department,
in relation to the establishment of savings
banks, and for modifications of the civil
service in the direction of reform.
RUSSIA.
Tho 1'onnar Czar Slandered.
Loudox, Dec. 18. The Times denies
that there is any truth in the report that
the Czaro witch made an assault on the
Prince DeRenes.
On Farlongh.
bT. PETEB8BUHG, Dec 18. in conso-
qnence of the pacific circular note from
Count Androssy to thediplomatic represen
tatives of the Austrian empire abroad, Czar
Alexander has issued a decree granting fur
loughs to su,uuu men or tbe Russian army.
FRANCE.
The Bourbon Crisis.
Pabis, Dec 18. Meetings of the mem
bers of tbe Republican Left and of Union
Republicans of the Assembly were held yes
terday, in opposition to tne entry of the
Orleans princes into .the .Assembly. Gam-
k w
I.
1MP0RTEB WJIOLESALH
OC!
i j uwiu tM AaoviimcQi oi inn thArn sini i art ti i
nrst-ciassurog store, wliieb lie offewtofttofrirorManfthepaCnT "V a
irAawwRUl- XMJS TIKK4 A T BEFY COXPETITIeN.
His stock is always complete, and he solicits
No. 39 orth Market Street, (opposite Union,) KaahyUle, Tenai
ief SgSi 6f JeHK,Rii' Celebrated temach Bitters.
ift;rouHti6o. aso. j.
S. B. SPURLOCK GO;
M GROCERS
SEAIiERSXTT foreign
Nos.
32, 34 and
Bagging aid Ties Famished
JSielnalTO Agnt far the sale of.Mannl g's mUkj and Aral
ocl 3m rp
Siatiaierj, Bfrck ai
AND BLANK BOOK MANUFACTORY,
"UZ2J.030. Street,
aoiim a sr speozaii'txes
Gift Books, Ftee Pictures, Fancy Stationery la Elegant Cases,
jesii.Ef, irorK. juoxes, Games, Cold Peas aad Pencils,
Port-Monnaes, Photograph and Autograph Albums, etc.
PAUL TAVEL. 48
dec6 tne,thur&8un lm
J. L. DISMUKES.
DISMUKES
WnOIXSAiE
Fur and Wool Eats, Caps, Ladies' Hats and Furs,
27 WEST SIDE
Particnlor attention paid to Orders.
decT eodlv Utp
MEXIC0.
Unhappy State of ASalrs Annexation
to the United States Predicted, etc
City of Mexico, Dec 17. The revolu
tlon continues to spreaa. The States of Ca-
saca,Nueva Leon, Sonora, Durango and
acatecas are in me power of the revolu
tionists, and pronunciamentos prevail in
San Luis, Vera Cruz and Puebla. Presi
dent Juarez opened the session of Congress
on the first, with a remarkable speech on the
situation. Me said tbe country appears
be consuming itself in unfruitful struggles,
and the military again opposed the standard
of legality to bring back the time when
revolution signified a change of individuals
in power. He counts upon the aid of Con
gress to suppress the seditious movement
The Sneaker of Con2res3 replied that Con
gress trusts peace willsoon be re-established,
and the Republic satisued with the re-elec
tion of Juarez, excepting the States of Xue-
va .Leon and Cosaca, and bandits who are
robbing the conductors. Juarez has closed
the ports of San Angelo and Solinas Cremz.
He maintains a fearless attitude, and speaks
conndently ot crushing tne re Demon.
The Government troops to the number
of 14,000 are pursuing Porfirio Diaz, who
lias n.vw or 4,uuu men. it is supposed,
however, that Gen. Rocbas will retreat from
Tehuacan, and will be the beginning of the
government reverses, as Diaz Is the best
general. Escobedo has resigned the Gov
ernorship and taken the held with ample
iacihties.'
An equivalent to a dictatorship has been
granted to the Juarez Governor of States.
ihe journals ot the capital are discussing
the probabilities oi an American protector
ate. Except among officials and consuls,
me belief in an early American mterven-
tionis credited, and considered the only
salvation for tbe country. Two Republican
journals boldly announce that the present
events are driving to a protectorate or an
nexation to the United States.
Levies continue, and the streets are be
coming thinned of able-bodied men.
it is reported mat uen. Kociias continues
to retreat, and that several States are de
clared in a state of siege.
ihe revolutionary chiets have repudiated
the Diaz proclamation.
Garcia Gardena, a member of Congress,
and a revolutionary General, was arrested
in San Luis, and will be brought to the cap
ital ror trial.
The Backbone of the Rebellion Brok
en.
New Yoke, Dec 18. Tho Herald's city
of Mexico special of 11th states that the
backbone of the rebellion is broken. The
revolutionary General, Diaz, is losing favor
with his adherents, and many military com
manders considered doubtful have recogniz
ed President Juarez and yield obedience to
the Government.
Londox, Dec. 18. A special dispatch
from Versailles to the Standard announces
that Romero has gone to Washington to ne
gotiate a loan lor tne Mexican government.
THE WHARTON TRIAL.
AsNArOLis, Dec IS. In the Wharton
case to-day James Ketchum, son of Gen.
Ketchum, was called and fully corroborated
the testimony of Charles L. Ketchum in
regard to Mrs. Wharton's claim of having
pxiu tue note ior 3z,iuu, anooi navinggiven
to Gen. Ketchum bonds for conversion.
Mrs. Helen VanXess was called and testi
fied she was the wife of Eugene VanNess.
She was at the house of Mrs. Wharton from
June 24th, nursing her husband who was
sick there. Oa Sunday night after slie had
retired she was awakened by Mrs. Wharton
coming into her room. Mrs. Wharton was
opening the door of tho washstand. She
said Gen. Ketchum was sick and she was
going to give him paregoric and mint. She
could not bnd me paregoric and left the
room to look for it but returned in a few
minutes and said she remembered Nellie
had used it. The Doctor ordered a wine
glass full of milk punch for the sick man her
husband. Mrs. Wharton and others wer
present. The witness made the punch and
Mrs. Wharton suggested that a double
quantity be made. She made it in a tumb
ler and poured half into the wine glass.
The tumbler containing the remainder I
put in the nursery refrigerator and stirred
it with a spoon.
Mr. Eugene VanNess was called and in
reply to a question said he did not see Mrs.
Wharton in his room baturday, bundav or
Monday night. Saw her several times in
the day time.
The prosecution explained that this was
to show Mrs. Wharton not engaged in
nursing Mr. VanXess during that period.
Benj. W. Brice was called and testified as
follows: Am Paymaster General of the
United States Army. Knew Gen. Ketchnm
well for thirty odd years, nis health was
remarkably good all liis life. He was a
strong robust man, and of careful and regu
lar habits. Was not addicted to the use of
drugs. Was a Total Abstinence man du
ring the whole of our acquaintance. Never
noticed any change in vigor and clearness
of his mind. Gen. Brice detailed the cir
cumstances of Mrs. Wharton's visit to his
office in company with Cliarlcs and James
Ketchum in regard to $4,000in bonds. His
statements corresponded with the testimony
of other witnesses in this case.
Charles L. Ketchum recalled He is ad
ministering on his father's estate No claim
has been presented against the estate by
Mrs. Wharton. On cross examination, he
stited that Mrs". Wharton told him that his
father had made a will which had not been
found. The Attorney General stated that
he would move the case for the prosecution
to-morrow. Adjourned.
The paper currency- of Rtusia isr about
eaual in amount to $525,000,000.
JtNn kKTAil.' DKAT.KR TM
3 iO)
a call fcomall waatbig anrthtDj to aU lllio
qoodbich
j.:M?srrmLocKi
AND COTTON PAIMS
awo domestic uiquoxs,
38 Broad Street,
and liberal Advances made.
liw tings.
M Priitiir Heise,
23"ajsla.vllle, Term.
Union Street. NaslMrilio
J. E. WOOLWINE
WOOLWINE,
DEALERS IS
PUBLIC SQUARE.
Eastern Discounts to rnrchasers.
NEW YORK.
The International Parade Tho Rota
bles who Participated.
New York, Dec. 17. The parade of the
Internationale came oil to-day, and proved
a success. The occasion was regarded not
only as a mane or respect ror the cause in
which Rossel and his comrades suffered,
but also aa a triumph over the Police Com
missioners. At noon the gathering com
menced Is. the neighborhood of Cooper In
stitute, and soon the thoroughfares on
either side of it in Third and Fourth avenues
became neatly blocked, there being, besides
the intending processionists, immense
crowds of holiday street-gazers, who from
time to time were cheering every one in
general, and the female Communists, Wood-
bull and Clamn, iu particular. About a
quarter past 2 there was a general stir
among the masses, and soon the solemn
notes of a funeral dirge were heard from
tbe band ot llawKuns' zouaves, which
formed the head of the column. Imme
diately after them came a platoon of the
Skidmore Guards, colored, and then Messrs.
Banks and Flareau followed, and then
number of ladies on foot, among them Miss
Tennie C. Claffin, carrying a red flag, which
bore the inscription, "I. A. W., Section 12,
Social and Poliical Equality for both
Sexes," and Mrs. Victoria Woodhull. Then
the societies and unions, in the following
order The Cuban League, bearing Cuban
nags men another crowd oi lemaies and
some males; the drum corps of Hawkins'
zouaves; a catafalque, upon which were
three coffins, drawn by six horses. M-M,
Deveune and Megy, late commaudera 6f
Fort D'Issy, were pall bearers, and walking
with them were about a dozen refugees'
from Pans. Then came the French Le
gion, Printers' Union, Bricklayers' Union
and Cabinet-makers' Union and five carri
ages, all closed. In all there were 2,000
people. In the foremost carriages sat Gen.
Regan, of Cuban notoriety, and the Fenian"
Chief, O'Donovan Rcssa. In another car
riage rode Mrs. Frances Rose McKinlev.
The catafalque was substantially yet taste-
tuny made, and was draped in black, the
inscription on the tides being in white
letters: "To the Martyrs of the Uni
versa! Republic" It was decorated with
red flags and streamers mingled with mourn
ing crape. The processionists generally
wore red rosettes and scarfs, with black
crape, and the banners and flags were near
ly all of the same color. The banner cap
tured last Sunday by the police was the one
most noticeable, it bore me inscription
"The spint of the Commune expands as tbe
axe of the executioners falls upbnthe necks
of its martyrs." On another banner was
"The world is our country, to do good is
our religion." The line of procession was
down the Bowery to Great Jones street;
next to Broadway, across Broadway to
Waverly Place, to Fifth avenue, up Fifth
avenue to Thirty-fourth street, to Sixth ave
nue, down to Fourteenth street to the Lin
coln monument, in Union square, around
which the procession marched and then dis
persed. Fifth avenue was entirely deserted
lor the nonce by the "upper ten," who took
refuge behind window curtains, occasional
ly peeping out at the Reds. The greatest
order prevailed throughout.
Tweed to be Arrested Every Day Torn
jionm.
New Yon it, Dec 18. There is nothing
new in the Tweed case this morning. He
was closeted with his family yesterday.
He will probably be rearrested to-day on
another similar indictment, and so con
tinue to be arrested from day to day until
some fifteen indictments for felony are ex
hausted. Every effort will be made by his
counsel to keep him from actual incarcera
tion in the Tombs.
jury till the 30th to complete investigation
in progress ot irauas upon me city.
Tweed, Jr., is reported to have sold all
his property.
Attempted Jail Delivery.
Eight men attacked the jailer at New
Brunswick last night, gagged and bound
him, and attempted to gain an entrance into
the jail, but the assistant jailer fired on
them and called the police, when the ruflians
fied. It is suspected they desired to release
an incarcerated bank robber.
CONDENSED TELEGRAMS.
There are said to be twenty rtiiles of
freight cars blocked at Fort Jarvis owing to
the mismanagement of the Erie Railway.
Joe Coburn announces that he has given
up prize fighting.
Ihe los3 on the ball given to the Grand
Duke at Boston is $5,100.
Ihe residence of John Edsall, at Redg-
field, New Jersey- was robbed on Thursday
night of bonds, money, notes, etc, valued
at one hundred thousand dollars. Chloro
form was administered by the burglars to
Mr. Edsall, who is resolute, notwithstanding
his age eighty-three and always slept
with a pistol under his head.
1 ucson dispatches say the Apache Indians
who murdered Loring and iarty, near
Wickeuburg, have fled from the Date Creek
reservation to the mountains.
It has been decided to give the Grand
Duke Alexis, on his arrivalat St. Louis, a
quiet out pumic reception, ana grand ball
at the Southern Hotel. The whole affair
will be gotten up and cot-ducted by citizens,
the city in its corporate capacity havinfr
noih'mg to do with it.
Washington specials state that official ad
vices say that Gortschakoff has ordered
Catacazy to leave America afteraccompany
ing the Grand Duke as far as St. Lotus.
The legation was placed in charge of Baron
Dantz as its Secretary until the arrival of a
Gnarge a'Anaires, who will leave at once.
Mrs. Morehead. wife of. ex-Governor
Morehead, of Kentucky, died in Covington,
Ky., on Sunday.
I AM NOW RECEIVING. THE ZOSQZST
and best selected stock of
FAIL MNTER GOODS
Ercr brought to this market. I am prepared w
famish the public with aU qualities and snuk
of Clotliine
At Prices that Defy Competition.
The following Is a partial Ust of article from
my stock; which will giro soma Idea r tha extent
of my pnrcbases:
OOATS.
Cantor Beavers,
Bine and Black Opera.
Derby and Chesterfield,
.Diagonal and OUva Btowb,
PrlneeAIbrts,
i'tw STnrbet,
Fleetwood.
Also, a fall line of Black Cloth OoatB, at
all styles, qualities ana prices.
SOOPAlrBIaeStBoestxin,:
CnnMlmere Xanta or all quaUttaa,
Grades and Prices. 1
VESTS.
Oar Stock of Sills, Cloth, Camimor and
velvet Testa b eompkto as to qoantltr. qaal
ltyacl price.
We hare bare also on hand a foil lice of
Overooats,
JS3a.i-cc7-1.0,
X3.-u.gras.
In addition to the above we hare constautlr on
hand a fall line of Gentlemen's Famish,
lncr Goods.
We offer these good to the trade at the lowest
market rates. Our stock la new and complete In
every departm.nt.
Planters, Merchants and tho Public gcnaralJy
aro InTited to call and examine' our stock befor
purchasing elsewhere.
The many friends of JAMES W. EVANS,
formerly connected with this house, will find him
at Una old and well-known stand, and he will be
pleased to show them through the stock, and as
the .same time be able to satisfy their tastes lu
anr article pertaining to this line.
F3ANK BLAKEMOBVE is aim connected
with this house, and will be pleased to hare hU
friends giro him a call, guaranteeing to please
them In every respect.
MIKE POWERS'
Star Clothing Store,
Corner Market and Sqnare,
sanj3eod3msplstp XASHVIixetEXN
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
CMOS Ml) AjIRICAN
13 PREPARED TO TURK OUT
JOB PRINTING-
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,
In tho Most Satisfactory Style, npou
Brief Xotlee, at the Lotr
est Kate.
ODK OFFICE, IN ALL ITS DEPART
MENTS, IS ONE OF
BPEOIAL ATTEHTIOH
IS G1VX3 TO
ORDERS FE0H THE C0UNTBY.
GIVE JJS A CAXr.
CHICAGO.
Foreign Aid for the MnflerersSoller
Explosion Two Men Killed A Vic
tim or the Flro Blows Ills 'Brains
Oat.
Chicago, Dec. 17 The Connfcess lillii.
wife of Don Fenlinando. of Lisbon. Portu
gal, herself a native of the United States,
lias sent, through Hon. Hamilton Flsfi. Sec
retary of State, sixty pounds. sterling-Tor the
benelit of the Chicago sufferers. A draft
was also received vesterdavof ore thou
sand pounds from Dublin. Ireland, tn h
applied to the same charitable purpose.
This makes a total of four thousand fire
hundred pounds from that city.
Terrible Boiler Explosion.
About three o'clock this afternoon a boilpr
in the due factory of VTahl Brothers, on
South Branch river, near Archer avenue,
blew up. Two men, John Rich, a carpen
ter, and Charles Becker, a fireman, who
were passing through the room at the time,
were instantly killed. The former nu
scalded by steam nntil the flesh was cooked,
while the latter's head was" Mown to frag
ments. Both leave a wifrf and children.
The boiler was an upright boiler, and was
almost new, liaving been used only about
ten days. The end was carried perpendicu
larly through the roof, and then diagonally
throush the air for a distance of .230 fjet.
The accident is supposed to have resulted
from a too low stage of water. Tbo dam
age to tlie building is about $2,500.
Suicide.
This afternoon Carl ltacnart. a. victim nf
the fire, residimr at No. 23t Broom street.
committed suicide by blowing out his brains
with a pistoL Just before committing tha
deed he wrote a letter tilled with references
to his mother, wife and children, saying that
ho could cct nothing to do since the Cre
am! was tired of life. Ha expressed tha
iope that his wifis would not da ash riM
but educate their clilldren and raise them to
be good Christians. As his wife has been
an invalid since the fire, this act Is remark
able for cowardice, but the poor wife is now
a raving maniac Hearing tin- report of thu
pistol, she got out of ber bed and went int
tbe room where her husband1 "was. Th.i
shocking sight was too much forhecwcaSc
nerves, and her reason forsook her.
Desperate Incendiaries.
Chicago, Dec 18. Three men wero
seen to-day to throw some substance into a
pile of debris on ISth street and then es
caped. The substance was afterward
picked up and found to be composed of ex
plosive material, a large ingredient ct
winch was phosphorus on exnosurj t
any moisture it wonld at once tako fire and
burn, for there is nothing which would scent
to extinguish it. The men are undoubt
edly incendiaries, and will be captured it
possible.
Tbe Corrupt Council.
In the Criminal Court to-dar, JuJi
Jameson, 'at the request of Chas.'H. Reed,
District Attorney, ordered- a venire -for a
special grand jury to on tbe 2Cth inst,.
ior tne purpose ox jnvesiiguuiig jaiiirgcs c i
bribery that have lately been made againsi
members of the Common Council a I
A OENTumAX, a few days' since, on re
ceiving a new oae doHar greenback frai:i
the bank, marked it, with thadesigu ct
washing its course. He found, "upon i:
quiring, in less than forty-eight hours it liad
passed through the hands of nearly tLirt
persons, thus paying debts. to tbe amount c
about $30. In these times of closeness i. t
the money market, it is surprlshie hov
"much good a little money does and hovr
much good is dono when people pay their
debts.
MSB