TVT A OTTT7TT 'TTTTAT A. "lTTX 'A ti K"mn TTk t
4
i
111J.
Tksnkssek Boots dosed firm In New
YorkJast-avcnincfat 06 War both Issues.
s Cottox Is in fair request In Aew York
31 18icfor'nl(ldlit;S-m .s tst.,
Tiikrk was a heavy frost at Jackson,
Mississippi, Saturday lllght.
I 1
.if. i-f. r 'jff r-j
J.
HED MAECH 30, 1835,
f 4f ?W'LBj P" TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1871. NEW SERIES NO. 996.
.WASHINGTON.
5 JfEW TORE..
Snpreme Court Decisions a west I IFortyclCSses of. Cholera- In Quarantine.
I
'Conor's Opinion of Tweed and
WASIIIA'GTON, ADV. 1U. Ayery .vs.
fainted States." .Th Mhdgmciit of!the' Cir-
t-opnj uiprc., 4iorstated,whetherthese.
complaints xncliiac Uov.,Davis' declaration
M wo OI u,e unties or j tor's bond, and to grant writ of audit a
w J -j ..j-nrr""""" r" -r&.w m arresun? urn ftvnn nw f ru i
covemment received certain rents on lands ro i v""iu"i-
Tine Democrats liavc madea pretty tfcafTvSy, seTzecTnnaer-lhe captored" and Wd not hJnTbvTS wer',a,n.a
"ikAi:. ..i, v ji i i L... i i I ouu not nap us Dy Informing us of his
"c movement. (THwinr h,ii .i,.. m
flrme;dt refusirig'-to "enter satlsfacfibnf saidVeslerdar IW V63 W
Jda'ftcmlred bt the United'States tM&??
TiiaiiKtAvprvrns sftphrltv'on tlirt rtistniaa. 1 v v f r:
i i urey sees lo pnmn nunw ii fiiM.i i r
eignland. Tlie police would not be aciv
LAKE ERIE.
OVrecked with all on Bo&rd.
Ci.kvelaud, O., Nov. 13. The vessel
that sank off Madison, O., Friday night, was
the Canadian Schooner Joliette, Capt. Al
bert Bassett, loaded Trith. grindstones. Ail
hands -were lost except the cook, "Wm. H.
Thayer. The vessel and cargo will prob-
auiy ua a tvuu 1053. insurance unKnown.
weep-ih Virginia. The lllclimond Entpiir-
Senators wilrbesomewhat scarcer, for Urn
next two years at least, In Tirginia, and
i,wilLhrbareIy enough of-that dass'ia
tlhe:otli?rTIouse'to give it variety.''
Thk Washington corresporident 'of the
IouisvillcZcfn writes, Nov.-12i -4'Post-
mastef ritJssefTons'ashvaic; isanotherof
1 be unfortunates. The paper? cJjargihgrhim'
juu pj-osecutijigxlauns against the Govern
inenhilc. member Congress, and
shaVinglSihciwceeds Uiereofriiave bepn
fonvanied-by thejPresident to the PJstmar
ter General, Ivithinltructions that the latter
take
next:
immediate action thereon."- 'Who'
J ox. Em. ETnEKiDOE and Col. John
""ivUliaiiis are. both in the city. Terhaps
they cainnfonn our Democratic legislators
wr'tiro particdlars of that affair in which
Senator Gibson, at the head of a mob in
1SC7jbroke up a Democratic meeting in
Jacksboro, on which occasion said mob,
with 'pistols, clubs and stones, compelled
3Ir. EtheridgCj then the Democratic candi
date for Governor; arid Col. Williams to lleo
from their appointment, in order to save
dtheir.Jives,
The developments relatire to the Radical
management of the finances of South Carc
Jhiahave created something of a panic in
New York. The Xew York correspondent
of the Chaileston Courier writes, Nov. 10:
"Failures are reported in Wall street in
y consequence of the revelations of the over
0, issues of South Carolina bonds. Several
of the conspirators are ruined. Three
million five hundred thousand dollars of
"Sterling Bonds have been hypothecated to
the heavy holders of the bonds, heretofore
issued as collaterals, to prevent them from
n being jrown upon the market."
titled?to liave.-credited.toiis use.
-Brcoklyn" XW iSxucmce Company vs.
Miller. TJie Decree of the Circuit Court
ofMarylaridis affirmed, that the act of
an agent accentinganother party, than -the
assured toJniakQjthe cas'pbitibrf-.or,the
payment on premium, even uiough the lat
erhad ipomado.was binding on the
luiujkui j n uk 13 nauic iur iuu policy.
PrimTUinited -States.-! Tlie judg
nTenrbrtKe "CourT of 'Claim's Is"' affirmed,
WtsmlssWifor -want of iurisdiction a Detii
lion 01 a rencn suDjects lor tlie recoven' of
uauiiigcs uy-uie uic uesiruciion oi property
oy me DomDarament 01 Ureytqwn in j&Hj
Iinnortnnt Jlormoii Salt.
;An, interesting case, lis-vpending in tho
would certainly fly, and there areaiot many
impediments in his way. JIo oidn!t think
he was the-only prominent .criminal who
would quit the countrv: bnt-whoiwpr ti,0
go In Europe they will find they cannot re
malnnvith impunity, but bo followed wher
ever the bw can follow. As'tb Fiflrt" ii!
Rp.lt. In tlio AecnmU.. t Jit 'I
w jjv.iuuijr m m, uispuiea on
the ground of fraud in the elections, of
wliich proof is so abundant that Horatio'
Seymour will surely take his seat.
VJ'C Burned AUyc; j
New Yomc. Nov. 13 Yestenl.iv wim
ple named Marv Sullivan-
deatliina. fire which broke out In atene-
CHIOAGO.
One of Many.
Chicago, Nov. 13. This morning a
human skeleton was found where the Gov
ernment stable stood before the fire, No.
107 Adams street, snnnosed to b 1 he re
mains of Henry Snyder, a discharged soldier
from Company X, seventh cavalry. For.
several weeics oerore the fire he had been
sleeping in tha stables, and nothing has
been seen of him since.
NEW ORLEANS.
jlamapi ot ,222,00.. .by xh
tiorf of thei& stock' -Jd. li
United- States Supreme -Court affecting
proamgsjji Utah two years ago. A
Gentfle firm in Salt Lake Citv sustained a
io destruc-
lianors bv
oniur 01 meciiy jusuccs ior non-payment
of license. The firm brought suit against
tlie city under the Territorial laws. A ver
dict, was rendered in the United States Dis
trict Court in their favor for the loss -sus
tained. The city appealed to the United
States Supreme Court of the Territory on
tho ground that this was a Territorial.case,
and a jury should therefore be summoned
oy the icrntorial Marshal, instead of the
United States Marshal. The higher court
affirmed tlie decision of the court
below. An appeal was taken bv the coun
sel for the city to the Supreme Court of the
uiuteu states. '1 he decision of the latter
tribunal is anxiously awaited bv the Mor
mons, as it collaterally involves the lem1itv
r 11. r t
vi iuu urauu jurysummoneu oy tlie United
ouues Jiarsuai, wutcu lately lound indict
ments against Hawkins, Brigham -Young,
ami other prominent Mormons under tlie
territorial laws.
Admiral Porter.
Admiral Porter's health is considerably
improved, though he is confined to the
house. He is engaged 011 business con
nected with building the two iron torpedo
boats authorized by Congress, one of
winch will be constructed according to his
own, plan.
Cnlcu dishing.
Hon. Caleb Cusliing having formally re
signed the position of United States Coun
sel before the American and Snanish
SaicIUeWile Mnrtlcr.
New Orleans! Nov! 13 Lizzie Tvler.
wvuu. Ajiuc uii ry sinu i jiii anouier w-uu, umi utiacn m x iuuu prison.
Graxt uses ids position to subserve Ids Clauns Commission, tlie President will soon
1 annoint a successor.
-"personal interests with an unscrupulous
hand. For instance, he lias had his son, F.
DGrant, of the 4th cavalry, ordered to re
port to Gen. Sherman, and to accompany
Uiat ofiio-r on his European tour. If Lieut.
Grant had received a leave of absence of six
.inontlLS to visit Europe, he -would only have
received $45 a month salary. But he is or
dered on sham duty with Gen. Sherman,
appoint a successor.
j Akermnn's Idea of Justice.
i Sieclal to the Louisville Ledger.
Hoceutly a committee from South Caro
I Una, composed of men of great weight,
called upon the ex-Rebel Gen. Akerman,
now Attorney-General, presented a strong
petition in favor ofthe pardon of two per
I sons who had been wrongly convicted un
j der the Congressional election law in the
case of Delarge and Bigamy-Bowen. The
ami sr nwk-ps l.ic ,iiw ei 1 Attorney-General declined to sro into the
;and commutation 0, miieage at the mte of ISSSoSc!
..ums i;r mim ior every mile 01 travel.
.every man in the country could afford to
send his sou to Europe on these conditions.
rUXJMC raiSTIKG.
TheJ correspondent of the Knoxville
CirqnWe.says that "thirteen Democratic
ne wspapers," under the name of Paul, White
fe'Co.. have in "red ink" asserted that tlie
"Public Printers have charged about thre'e
times as much for printing tlie Legislative
Journals as the law allowed. Neither Mr.
Paul nor Mr. White has any newspaper.
How many and what papers the "Co." own
we cannot say. Mr. White is not
"a printer; "Mr. Faul Is; 'the "Co." maybe.
"Mr. White and the "Co." were not exam
ined by Messrs. Gibson and Baxter be
fore tltc investigating committee. Mr.
Paul was. On that examination Mr. Paul
-.stated that the nouse Journal of 1SC0-70,
'according to his measurement, contained
1,710,550 ems, without counting any alter
ations of copy, running over of forms, lost
jUmeor other incidentals properly charged
-as" composition and of winch no one
can make a correct estimate except
the man who prints tlie book. In the
House Journal of Ibi 0-71 Mr. Paul esti
mated 1,467,5C0 cms, making a difference
between ids estimates and the accounts of
the Public Printers of only about one hun
dred and fifty dollars, without making to
the printers those allowances which every
primer icsunes uiai mey pay ior aim are
entitled to, and which, when added to Mr'
i (Paul's estimate, wouldincrease the accounts
of the Public Printers.
f Relative to the "open" work in the com
position on tlie journals, Mr. Paul states
he cannot'say whether tlie printer is justi-
tied or not. Put tike journals show tliat
such is the rule, and the evidence shows
that it is a bad rule for the public printers,
for this composition for which they only
get sixty-seven and a half cents per thou
sand costs them over seventy cents, nence
the more of such composition, the worse
for the public printers.
Mr. Taiil further says:
I desire to state that in estimating the
amount f composition in the several
books submitted to me I do not claim entire
acciinirv. I have measured as carefully and
as closeh each book as the limited time at
my conn nuid would admit of, and believe
'that my climates will be found to repre-
sent very n'arlv the amount of composition,
paper, presswork actually contained in the
volumes. I would leg to state also, in
strict justice to tho public printers, that
there are cjnsiderable expenses, attendant
upon the printing of a book in
the !ost regulated cstablisment,
aside from the wasjes paid to employes,
wliich have been suggested to this commit-
tec, and -whirli enter into and make up .1
part of the cost of composition, and which
it is Ihe custom of many printers to estimate
and count as composition. This is pecu
liarly the case in table and figure work and
work rcHiuirin1' irreat accuracy in execution.
such as reports of public otlicers and insti
tutions, and law reiwrts.
Such is the substance of "the' red ink"
clrarje of the CltronirJf,x correspondent.
crats in New York, and he would not allow
any Republican to be pardoned now for fear
it wotdd be used as a reason why the Dem
ocrats should be jordoned hereafter. The
committee urged that it was not just to per
mit men improperly convicted to suffer to
enable the President to stiffen up his own
back foranothcr and different case, and the
pirdon of Bowen being all ended. Aker
man said he wanted it to be understood that
was his affair; that Bowen liad Mr. Grant to
promise it, and the President was not dis
posed to carry it out, and held it back for a
week, but finally allowed it to issue.
A Contested Sent.
There is going to be an animated contest
over Delarge'sseat, which Bowen is contest
ing; but from the position affairs have re
cently assumed, there is very little doubt of
ueiarge s mamtaming ins right to his seat
Tlie project of running Bowen for Govern
or has been abandoned.
PITTSBURGH.
rrlnsre by Proxy.
Pittsburgh, Nov. 12 Among tho
marriage notices published in the Chronicle
yesterday afternoon is that of Fernandez de
Gimney and Miss Leila Addison, an ac
complished young lady of this city. The
ceremony was performed by the Right Rev.
Bishop Dominer. An unusual occurrence
iu connection with the affair is that the
bridegroom, who is the Spanish Charge de
Affairs in Rome, was rcpresentejd.byfpro.-y.
The late Prime Minister of Spain jSvailed
himself of a privilege granted urtdethe law
of the church, and appointed a brother of
the bride to represent him. The;ladv will
sail for Europe' in a few days'." B'ishop
Dominer says this is the first ceremony of
tho kind ever performed in this countrv,
although it is not uncommon in Europe.
GEORGIA.
Clnims Against the State More KmU
cnl Corruption.
Wasiunoto.v, Nov. 12. Messrs. Henry
Clews Co. liave filed in the Governor's
office at Atlanta, claims against tlie State
of Georgia for money advanced by them to
pay notes and drafts of Foster Blodgett to
the Superintendent ofthe Western and At
lantic Railroad, and many of them lm in?
the approval of Gov. Bullock, amounting to
S377,b'22.45. It is estimated that Clews ic
Co. have chims amountins in the .imnvrate
to $1,200,000. It is not probable that these
claims will be paid until they have been
thoroughly investigated by the Legislature
now iu session. Tlie Atlanta 'n claims
that the money has already been drawn
from the State treasury to pay these claims,
but that it was used for other purposes by
Bullock, Blodgett, and Kimball, etc.
fire.on 'Clinton street "J6hn Mas"6n was suf-
iocaieu.
Cholera In Quarantine.
The steamer Franklin from RiiHe
Halifax is detained in quarantine with
thirty cases of cholera.
Later. It is ofiiciallv announced llml.
the German steamer Franklin at-quarantine
has forty cases of cholera aboard. There
were twenty-eight deaths on the voyage.
Nearly everybody aboard is mnm nr i ef
fected. Most of the cases are serious and
further deaths are probable. A rigid quar
antine is enforced and every effort to alle
viate their sufferinss. but care is taken to
prevent the spread of the contagion.
Mill loiter Details.
The followins is a correct account of thn
cholera at quarantine: The steamship
Franklin, of the New Baltic Lloyd Compa
ny, arrived Saturday night with a number
01 cases 01 cnoiera. blie sailed from Stet
tin, Oct. 10, touching at Copenhagen on the
12th, when she had 22 cabin .mil
Oil steerage passengers, and a crew of 07
men. When ten days out the first case of
cholera made its appearance anions the
steerage passengers, and when the steamer
put into Halifax to obtain coal, there had
been nearly one hundred cases of cholera
and choleraic diarrhea, of which forty were
fatal.
Since leavim: Halifax one death occurred
and to-day twelve patients suffering from
cholera were sent to the West Bank Hos
pital. The well passengers were also trans
ferred to the United States steamer Dele
ware, lately fitted up as a receivine shin bv
the quarantine authorities. The Franklin
after tho transfer of the passengers was or
dered to the lower quarantine, where she
will be thoroughly disinfected and detained
until it is thouclit safe to leave her un to
the city.
AstoiiiHliuir Frauds In Brooklyn.
The election frauds in Brooklyn are of
the most astounding cliaracter. In one dis
trict the vote was increased fifty per cent.
over tlie highest ever before known, in an
other seventy-five per cent, in another sev-
ency-eignt ana 111 the lourth ward the vote
was greater tlian could by any physical pos
sibility have been fairly polled.
1 lie members 01 tlie Brooklyn Investisa-
tmg Committee say they liave evidence
showing tliat about four thousand fraudu
lent, votes were cast, and are sanguine tliat
the cauvassers will be compelled to give cer
tificates of election to a majority of the Re
publican candidates on the county ticket,
and all the Republican candidates, including
the Mayor on the city ticket. Their reoit
will be ready about Friday, when warrants
win oe issued lor tlie uallot-stullers.
Clinton Furbish, a member of tho Re
publican General Committee of Brooklyn,
lias commenced a $10,000 libel suit against
John McDiarniad, a fellow-member, who
charges Furbish, as Inspector of Elections,
with counting him out for office in one of
the wards.
Henry C. Cooper, a clerk in the naval
office, is held in $3,000 bail, charged with
placing a cancelled stamp on the manifest
of the ship Rhoderick Dhu.
A Triangular Contested Election.
Mayor Kalbfleisch professes to be satisfied
that he obtained more honest votes than
Powell or Booth, and will contest the right
to office in the courts. He says if Powell
takes the seat an election in the spring
will be provided for, when he believed he
would be elected.
Tlie Southwestern Mails.
C. F. Baldwin, special agent of the Tost
Office Department, whose headquarters are
at Mount Vernon, Ohio, lias been in this
city for a few days, in consultation with a
prominent railroad official, and has nearly
perfected an arrangement by wliich the
transportation of the mail from this city to
Southwestern points will be very much fa
cilitated, especially betw een here and Cin
cinnati. Tlie Mormon Mnrtyrs.
Elder Lindsley, of Utah, in a sermon at
Williamsburg yesterday, referring to tlie
persecutions of the Mormons, said We
are God's chosen ieople, He is working. A
few weeks ago Chicago was destroydd.
This is but a drop of water to what will
soon happen. We were driven from tliat
State. God said they should not live there.
Aberdeen to Chicago.
The bouse of Henderson Brothers to
day received orders from Glasgow to pay
one thousand pounds, on account of the
City of Aberdeen subscription, to the Mayor
of Chicago for the relief fund.
Cuban Jordan.
It was agreed to-day that, unless the gov
ernment is ready to prosecute the Cuban
General, Jordan, early in December, a nolle
prosequi will lie entered.
Laura Hudson, colored, was murdered
by her former husband, colored, on Lentle
plantation.
A heavy rain fell last night, and it is still
raining.
Cotton Exchange formerly opened its new
apartments to-day.
BALTIMORE.
The Negro's night to Travel.
Baltimore, Nov. 13. In the United.
States District Court to-day, the case of
John IV. Field (colored) against the Balti
more City Passenger Railway, the plaintiff
rccuvereu no uamages. in consequence
of this decision the negroes are now admit
ted into all tho street cars of the city.'
Field had been ejected on account of his
color.
FOKEIGN.
A Formidable Uonapartist riot.
To Arrest TMers and Proclaim the
Empire.
FRANCE.
A Military Conspiracy.
London, Nov. 13. A formidable plot of
Bonapartist Generals, headed by Fleury, to
arrest TMers and proclaim tlie Empire has
been discovered. Tlie plotters' papers are
in possession of Thiers who is confident of
a failure of the conspiracy.
Tlie Communist Prisoners.
Paris, Nov. 14. Tlie court martial is
rapidly disposing of tlie Communists. Of
the accused who have so far been tried,
10,045 have been discliarged and 773 been
sentenced to various degrees of punishment.
From the Chattanooga. Times' Extra, Koy.13.
THE CHATTANOOGA FIRE.
Tiro Blocks on Market Street Burned.
Over One Hundred Thousand Dollars'
..Lost.
One Thousand Dollar Reward for the
Incendiary.
Is the International Society at Work 1
Details .of tho losses Scenes, Inci
dents, etc.
The scene ofthe great fire of Sunday
morning was crowded all day yesterday with
sympathizing spectators.
The west side of Market street, from the
new building of D. T. ClioDineer. between
Eighth and Ninth streets, to Trayncrt drug
store, near the corner of Seventh street,
nearly 400 feet, was a mass of blackened
and smoking.ruins. The stocks of the va
rious merchants who had been burned out
were, scattered in confusion along thc-pave-
miit.to tw! 1 11.
of the street. Burial cases jostled the re
mains of wedding paraphernalia; here lay a
pile of costly furniture covered withscorched
bacon dragged from a neighboring provision
house; there silks and calicos were pHed
together against a tub of broken eggs sew
ing machines and crates of cabbage were
heaped together, and broken mirrors re
flected the anxious countenances of the suf
ferers trying .to sort out what was left of
tneir property from the heterogeneous
mass before them.
It was indeed a sad sight, and one well
calculated to dishearten men who had seen
the city devastated by flood, liad recovered
from this visitation only to be cast down
again by the insolvency of the Alabama and
Chattanooga Railroad, and now saw the
fruits of their labors swept away by fire just
as brighter days were dawning.
The people of Chattanooga are not the
kind, however, to yield to dispiriting influ
ences, imsionunes oniv serve to animate
ETjOTS, ITEE, POXOTMB CO
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
WB ABE NOW IS BECEIPT OF A VERY "LARGE STOCK OF
FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
FOB THE PAIA TRADE,
TO WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
EVANS, PITE, PORTER CO.
HUNTINGDON.
eep53m
S. B. SPORLOCK.
OEO. J. GOODRICH.
J. M. SPDBLOCK.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WHOLMJ GROCERS Ai COTTON FACTORS,
DEALERS US FOREIGN Alt D DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32,
34 and 38 Broad Street,
Bagging and Ties Furnished and Liberal Advances made.
Exclusive Agents for the salo of Manning's Whisky and Annls Sheetings.
OF
Men's and Boys' Cfo&iig
AND
s
ocl3m sp
ing, (limestone) and rear window frames
damaged. Loss about $800. Insured.
U. N. Snyder Co., stock of groceries
$2,500. They saved about $2,000 worth of
goods in lair condition.
H. K. Snyder, building and personal
effects destroyed; $3,500.
J. Bach Son, two story brick building
with stock of dry goods, clothing, etc, loss
by fire and damage to stock $3,000. Par
tially insured.
L. Silbcrman, loss in stock of watches
and jewelry $2,000. Partially insured.
r. ort's heirs, two story brick building
them to renewed exertions, and most of occupied by Mr. Sflberman, and frame buifc
GREAT BRITAIN.
Fntnl Gns Explosion A Sew York Ves.
sel DcHtroj-ctf by Fire.
Loxnox, Xov. 13. A fearful explosion
of gas occurred to-day at Leeds. One or
two persons were killed and several were
badly injured.
The ship Escort, of Xew York, took fire
and was destroyed at Antwerp yesterday.
The Queen's physicians announce her
majesty's health improving.
IRELAND,
Cojik, Xov. 1-1 Tlie friends of Kelley,
acquitted ofthe murder of Head Constable
Talbot, liad a procession yesterday and
other demonstrations. The proceedings
were orderly. The police did not interfere.
An Editor in Umbo.
Loxdox, Nov. 13. The proprietor ofthe
Dublin Irixltman has been sentenced to im
prisonment for six months for publishing
articles of an inflammatory nature in that
journal, during the trial of Kelly, for tlie
murder of Talbot.
GOV. BKOTVX ASD TAXES.
From the Columbia Herald.
The Appeal cannot more earnestly desire
the relief of our people from the burdens
of oppressive taxation than does Gov.
Brown. He only wants taxation at a point
tliat will maintain the State government
and protect its credit its financial honor
and integrity. Less the Appeal cannot ask.
The lowest rate that will accomplish this
end must subserve tho object both of his
Excellency and our cotemporary of the
Appeal. Gov. Brown feels, as all good citi
zens who liave the welfare and prosperity of
the State in view must feel, a laudable pride
in upholding the honor and integrity of the
State; he wants our State credit preserved,
and preserved without unnecessarily bur
dening and taxing our people, and so does
every other good citizen. No man has more
at heart the welfare of our people than Ids
Excellency; and no man is further from un
due influences, from anv ouarter. tliat
those who were yesterday burned out, have
to-day secured new places of business.where
they will dispose of tlie remnant of their
stock that was rescued from the flames, and
will soon make a new start, in life, with
hearts as undaunted as ever.
THE HISTOllV OF THE FIRE.
In the Times of Sunday we gave a brief
sketch of the terrible calamity which has
befallen our city, but were necessarily com
jielled to omit all but the bare facts. To
day we propose to give as full an account of
the great fire as our reporters were able to
uuiaui yesieruay.
THE FIRE ORIGINATED
in the jewelry store of W. F. Fischer &i
Bro., on the southwest corner of ilarket
and Elgthth streets. The store was a one
story frame building, built about five years
ago and a perfect tinder box.
THE ALARM
was first given about one o'clock Sunday
morning by Mr. Clias. Ford, of. the St.
Nicholas, who was on his way home at tho
time. One ofthe proprietors of the Times
was on liis way home at the tune the alarm
was given and was near the corner of Mar
ket and Ninth street when he heard the cry
of fire. He hastened to the spot, arriving
there about the same time with N. F.
Toune, S. J. Lynch, Henry Deutcli, Bud.
Ware, Lieutenant of Police Wilbur. When
the party arrived:
'0 FLAMES WERE VISIBLE.
Oidy a smouldering glow iu a crack in
the ceiling near tlie corner of the building,
but in the side towards Eighth street,
The party mentioned above at once broke
in the door and were met by Mr. W. F.
Fisher, who came out from his sleeping
room in the rear of the building, in his
night clothing, presenting a pistol and de
manding '-what they meant." They soon
pointed out the imminent danger and he
hastened to assist them in extingishing the
fire. With a hatchet, a niece of ceiling
was cut out showing a blaze extending
to the floor between the outside battens and
the ceiling. A bucket of water was dashed
into the aperture aud the flame was appa
rently extinguished. In a few seconds it
was seen, however, to be burning above the
hole tliat had been cut. With the assist
ance of others, Mr. Lynch then got upon
the roof and saw the flames rapidly creep
ing up between the two shells of the build
ing and almost ready to burst out. He
called for water, but none could be ob
tained, and in a few more seconds the lire
burst tlirougb the roof and soon became un
controlable. Thus from the want of half a
dozen buckets of water at the proper time
and place, the city sustains a loss of over
$100,000.
PROGRESS OF THE FIRE.
When it was seen tliat the fire was beyond
control, every one commenced removing
goods from the wooden buildings adjoining
on the south. But before more than half
the property coidd bo removed these build
ings, or rather tinder boxes, were wrapped
in flames. Meantime the church bells were
sounding the alarm and a large crowd col
lected, but with no organized fire depart
ment and no recognized leader they could
do little or nothing toward checking the
lire.
When the flames reached the store of II.
N. Snyder Co., they were checked by the
solid high brick wall of Clipinger's new build
ing, but passed to the rear of it and seized
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Xefrro Xiillllicrs.
Charleston, Nov. H. The JVcir.?
prints the report of the action of a caucus
of colored members of tlie State Legislature
held last week. The caucus resolved to
make no appropriation for the comin" ses
sion or the payment of the interest on the
State debt, and declared themselves in favor
ofthe repudiation of both the old and new
debt ofthe State.
ing of the reimnal and
E.' C'. Camp, United Stj
LOUISVILLE.
An Iiitllnnn Horror A Whole Ennilly
Mnrilcreil.
CAMP'S TKIUMPir.
Tlie Knoxville I'm and Herald, sivak-
nd restoration of Mr.
States District Attor
ney for East Tennessee, says
The President does not consider the re
moval of Camp as absolutely necessary to
the popularity of his administration. On
the contrai, he looks upon EMail Cicero
as having illustrated his views of the pur
poses for which otli'-es are created in a man
ner which meets his entire approval. It is
true, that, upon tlie repie-eiiUtionsof Sena
tor Unvvid ti I Mivi:jnl.ih.ir the re
moval f Camp was highly pro-ier and Ix'st
lor tin' party, lirant hastily decapitated 1
him. But iipim reflection, assisted by the
practicAl senw of Columbus Delano, who j
"kn-v.vs how i: is Himself,"' the President re-
eutcd ami isue.l a commission to Cam:.
ho latter t.iii now, and probably docs,
snap bit tinge-i at the diseomfitted pair of
loyalist.-.. It really was a creat blunder in
the .Senator a- I notht.ig less than a prockt-
Vr,nt;..n win v.. 1,1. .7n 1 1 cinnati Liv
XIH 11; Attention to Bnstness.
1 There is at present more than ordinary
'v ',demand for care and watchfulness on the
part of our ioliecmen aud firemen, and we
are i;lad to kn-iw tliat theLmemberaToWboth
departments are fully nilndfuTftlie' fact.
Louisville, Nov. 13. Chailestown,
Clark county, Ind., was thrown into the
most intense excitement about VJt o'clock
yesterday, by the news that Cyrus M. Park,
his wife, little boy and two daughters had
been most brutally murdered with an ax,
some tinicdnringSaturdaynigbt. The mur
der was done in Mr. Park's residence, on
1 the (Jliarlestown anu lirownstowii btatc
road, about seven miles from the former
place. Tho whole matter is involved in the
deepest mystery, and no clue has yet been
1 obtained to the" identity -of the murderer
and his a.-o-mpliees. A great multitude of
citizens had gathered there from all parts of
the country, and the greatest excitement
1 prevailing.
CINCINNATI.
A Hoggish AHnir.
Cincinnati, Nov. 13. Tim ivri.-
ers and dealers to-night organized the Cin
cinnati Live Stock aud Provision Exchange
headquarters at the Crawford House. Hen
ry ye was eiccien rresment, with a fidl
board -of officers and committees. The com
mittees will be in Qjien board and continue
during the packing season.
Stes will be taken to-morrow to provide
t permanent Iiom'e for the Cincinnati Cot
txnvEschange, about to go into operation.
KENTUCKY.
Kllnilnatln the Xcgrro.
Louisville, Nov. 13 There is a gen
eral movement of the Kentucky Bar to pro
cure a revision of the statutes so as to eli
minate negro laws, and also to a revision of
tlie Code of practice.
George Francis Train lectures here to
morrow night.
MEMPHIS.
Two Negroes Killed.
Memphis, Nov. 13 Last Saturday two
negroes while going home from Grenada,
Miss., were shot by Jack Trebble, a worth
less fellow. One was killed and the other
mortally wounded. Trebble has been ar
rested. NEWITVVEN.
The "lloilcrn Ilorsln.
New Haven, Nov. 13. Mrs. Lyda Sher
mau, alleged piosoner, expresses every con
fidence of acquittal. The trial lias irone
over to the last Tuesday in December. She
shows no signs of insanity; few believe her
innocent.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Murder by Apnchc Indlnim.
San Francisco, Nov. 11. The Wicken
burgandLiposc (Arizona) stage was attack
ed by fifty Apaches.ten miles from the form
er place. The driver, John Letz, otherwise
Dutch John, and two passengers with him
on the box. were killed by the first fire. Iu
side were five passengers, three of whom
were killed. William Kenger and f,Rii
I Mollie Sheppard. of Prescott, were wound
ed, but escaped to the ciiappercl. Kenger
defended the lady and himself with a revol
ver, and both reached Wickenburg. The
names of the passengers killed are Fred.
Shoholm, Fitt. Loring, U. P. Solomon, P.
W. namel, and C. J. Adams. Loring and
namei were 01 Liient. v neier s
expedition. Adams was
mails and baggage were plundered. One
report says the attack was make by robbers,
instead of Indians.
The JM9 Ang-eles Riot.
The Chinese Consul at Los Angeles is
investigating the affairs connected with the
late riot. Tlie Chinese property seized at
the limp or the riot was in the name, lint
without. the authority of the United States
Marshal. It lias been released to the own
ers, hut none of the money stolen has been
returned.
upon a small wooden building used bv Mr.
would under any circumstances control his Clippinger to store paints, glass, oil, putty, to-morrow,
action. His character for an unyielding, etc. This building was near the oid post-
ofhee building, and it was seen that shoidd
it take fire, with its inflammable contents,
the old postoflice building of Mr. Kaylor's,
woidd go, together with Brew and Vande
man's buildings in front of Kaylor's build
ing, on Market street. Had these caught
fire the destruction of the whole block
bounded by Market and Railroad streets
lietween Sth and 'Mi would liave seemed
inevitable.
Maj. T.J. Carlile.with II. C. Evans T. H.
Payne and others succeeded in removing tlie
paints, etc., before the Clippenger building
caught fire and then with tlie Chemical Fire
Extinguisher with the A. and C. Railroad
Company, kept the flames down, so that
Kaylors' building was saved.
While the fight against the fire was going
on at tliis point, the devouring elements, as
if enraged at tlie opposition pen, had lea-ed
across Eighth street and attacked the large
warehouse of D. Kirkpatrick Co.. whole
sale liquor dealers aud rectifiers and of
Ruble A: Height, dealers in agricultural im
plements. Tlie proprietors and their friends
fought the tire as long as possible, with wet
blankets etc., but were soon compelled to
succumb to the rain of firebrands and cind
ers. Kirkpatrick Co. were carrying a
very extensive stock ofline liquors, and had
.111 extensive rectifying apparatus. Some
forty or fifty barrels of liquor aud several
thousand cigars were saved.but still we fear
the loss was greater than the insurance.
Ruble He'ght, who occupied the north
half of the building, lost everything, intia
ding a valuable horse in a stable at the rear
of the building. The burning of this ware
house was a terribly grand spectacle. The
flames from the immense quantity of spirits
stored within, blazed up many feet in the
air and the intense heat of the burning al
cohol created a vortex which drew in the
surrounding air with tremendous force, al
most like a whirlwind.
Before the fearful heat thus engendered
tlie adjoining buildings, all one and two
story wooden shanties, vanished like leaves
before the wind, their owners liaving scarce
ly time to remove their property.
The two-story brick building belonging to
the Fort estate, scarcely checked the ad
vance of the flames, which then seized
upon the large frame building adjoining,
erected by the government in 1804, as a
Quartermaster's warehouse, and owned by
R. Church, of Knoxville, but then occupied
by Nassauer Roseutlial, nurt nollan
and the Waterworks Company. About this
dings occupied by Mrs. Fisher, Mr. Gold
stein, Peeple Co., W. F. Fisher and E.
G. Eaton Co.; loss $1,000, partially in
sured. Mrs. E. K. Fischer lost a part of her
fancy goods and millinery, and also much
household furniture, piano, wearing apparel,
etc. Total loss $2,500; insured.
S. Goldstein, merchant tailor, lost about
$600 in stock and tools. Partially insured.
W. O. Peeples Co., family grocers, lost
in stock, etc., $2,000. Insured.
O. G. Eaton Co., stock of lumber stored
in old ice house building belonging to T.
Fort, on Railroad avenue, rear of Peeples;
lost $100.
W. F. Fischer Bro., loss by fire and
moving stock and tools, $2,500. Partially
insured.
Mr. Schnee, bootmaker, loss in stock and
tools, SOO.
D. Kirkpatrick Co., loss in liquors, rec-
tiiying apparatus, tobacco, etc., about $9,000,
l-artially insured.
Ruble night lost their entire stock of
agricultural machinery, valued at about
$15,000.
Jacob Kunz lost the building occupied by
tne two nrms last named, value $4,000.
J. C. Calhoun, tinner, lost the greater
portion of his stock and many of his tools,
together with tlie building. Total loss $2,-
500,
Nisbit McGlohon, boots and shoes, lost
two-thirds of their stock, or about $0,000.
Partially insured,
Isaac Piper, grocer, lost in stock and by
removal SS,00,
H. Schneider Co., dry goods, lost in
stock about S.:,&UO. i'artiaUy insured.
F. Vaughn Co. lost heavily by removal
and on lease of building, say $7,000. No
insurance.
The buildings occupied by the two last
named nrms was owned by tne t ort estate.
o insurance.
assauer s Lowenthal, dry goods, re
port loss in stock at 57,000. rartiaiiy in
sured.
Hurt Hollan, grocers and commission
1 f 4 uui X-
luurmiuiiuf, ium iu Much. i.uw. .iy ujaur-
ance.
Henry Deutsch, watchmaker, lost his
building and a portion of his stock. $SO0.
F. Miotke, merchant tailor, lost a portion
of lus stock by removal. About $000.
J. Long, furniture manufacturer and
dealer, lost about $700 in furniture and ma
tenal.
Mrs. M. Gorman, milliner and dry goods,
lost about 52,500. Insured
Dr. Frothro, dentist, over Mrs. Gorman's,
lost about $o00 m tools, etc.
Of course tha foregoing figures are only
approximate.
All the windows in Sims7 building, oppo
site Hurt Hollan, were broken by the
heat, and the front of the building was bad'
ly scorched.
Fatten Pavne lost $2,000 by the remov
al of their stock when apprehensive that the
lire was coming.
Henry Kruger must have lost an equal
amount in the same way.
Brew Buford moved their stock, and
had much of it badly damaged,
Sanders Lauter lost $400 by moving
stock in inticipation 01 nre
The Times office moved all the job type
across the street and only pied part of one
case. Fully insured.
Additional detail of losses will be given
34 irortb Summer Street,
r f t
(5EAB UN I OH.)
Business Suits,
itress amis,
The Promenade Suit,
The Pea Jacket Suit
The JTewmarliet.Sutt,
Dress Coats,
Frock Coats,
JTIorning Coats,
Evening?- Caata,
ELEGANT LINES OF
English and French Casslmere
and Black Doeskin
STILISH CUT AND MADE KQUAXTO
A?rr ctstom wo km.
IN GREAT VARIETY.
BOYS' WE AH!
lloys' School Suits,
xsoys' jjress suits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Children's
upward.
Suits, three years sod
TI9 following is a correct list of Insurance
effected at Colburn's Agency, on property
u. ouoerraan, $1,000 on stock, in the
"Underwriters."
E. Fischer. $1,000 in the Franklin of Phil
adelphia, and $1,840 in the 'Underwriters"
Mvi via- in vjuuruia u.om?t
on piano, library, etc.
Iir Tl T7I1 n
i.x.xiscner iiro., 712.50 in the T7 t
Franklin, and $712.50 In the "Underwrit- Jt1 ALL UVERCOATS!
Nisbet McGlohon, $2,000 in the Frank-
uu, on scock.
S. Goldstein, $350 on stock, in the "Un-
D. Kirkpatrick Co., $2,000 on stock, in
the "Underwriters."
H. Schneider Co., $1,000 on stock, in
iuc J- raiuuiu.
Mrs. M. L. Fort, executrix, $1,500 on
mo-story brick budding, In the "Under
writers."
Messrs. W. O. Peeples Co. have a
policy of $2,000 in the Georgia Home, issued
uuiu lug jasmine agency.
Tlie total amount of inmrrn In tlio
"Underwriters" is $3,132.50; Franldin$4,
522.50; Georgia Home, $2,600.
THE SWEETWATER TRAGEDY.
Particulars of the Killing of Capt.
.inucrwon-wnmkjr the Cause or the
Dlnicolty Fall Details by an Eye
n lines.
From the Knoxville Chronicle. Nov. 1L
The following details of the tragedy tliat
uvturrcu at oweeiwaier, on TDursday, the
9th inst., were written by an eye-witness
and addressed Capt. S. P. Evans, the
difficulty having originated about an arrest
uy ueputy Aiarsiiai Kittrell
bWEETWATER, Term., Nov. 9,1871
iapt. a. r. x.vans. Dear Sir: As the
arrest cf Sam. Anderson has resulted in.
jiciuaps, me ueatn 01 nis Drotner, Uapt,
jonn Anderson; and as I happened to be
an eye-witness to both the arrest, the
tragedy, and indeed the rescue and re-arrest,
tlwught it would not be out of place to
make a detaued statement to you, so as to
enaoie you to deal knowingly with Sam.,
wno wiu oe ai your omcc to-morrow morn'
ing.
About 3 o'clock, Deputy Marshal Robert
Kittrell came into my room, (a public room
where I and my clerks Vere at worio In
company with Sam Anderson, and laying
na imiiu on uuersons suouiuer, they
waiKeuio me uack side 01 the .room to
gether, when Kittrell drew a capias from
his pocket and read to Anderson, announc
ing at the conclusion, "You are my prison
er.- nuereuDon Anderson declared with
emphasis that he would not be arrested.
and drawing an ugly knife from Iris pocket,
JToutlis' Dress Suits,
jl ruuicnauc amis.
SMTRTS! S33XRTSI!
Dress and Business Shirts,
NOBBY NECK WEAR
CARRIAGE ROBES,
HB TRDffiS, TRAMIG BAGS.
34 North Summer St.
sei26till Jan9,72sp ljtr
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
CLOTHING TRADE.
We have just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-made
Goods ada thG kr
near at hand. In a moment "John-1 was in jfrall and Winter Wear of the
the house with a revolver drawn, demand- J
inginai; aara oe 1 immediately released. The SOUtMOeSt, Man eVCT OetOTe.
Demur Marshal was unarmed, anil so the J v
by-standers, some of whom were ladies, whirl). mt nrill. sell i tn nrten.
After a brief tussle between Kittrell and V
Hon. Jesse F. Owen, on the one side,
auu me two Andersons on the other,
Sam got loose, and he and John
rushed OUt of thf hnnu nn tn tlo
platform, at which i closed the PRICES, and we earnestly
door, when the Andersons came back, curs-
ing and threatening in a desperate manner, mVlte OWerS to Call and CX-
they iutended to break into the house, or amine OUr Stock.
chants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
Particidar attention is call
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con
ceded by all w10 have exam
ined them, suverioritu in
-A. J
make, colon and finish, and
unfaltering and unconquerable devotion to
the best interests of the people of his State,
is beyond the sliadow of a suspicion of a
doubt. No mail has ever been honored
with the Chief Magistracy of our State who
possessed more fully the confidence of the
whole people in his integrity, patriotism and
determination to do his duty faithfully and
fearlessly; and wliatcver policy he may ad
vocate, whether the few or many approve it,
all will join iu attributing motives prompted
only by the highest impulses of patriotism
and of principle.
Knilrond Matter.
The special train last Sunday on the Ten
nessee and Pacific road, from Lebanon to
this city, netted the handsome sum of $128.
One coach was full of iersons from Leba
non who came to hear Rev. Dr. Earle, the
minister of the Baptist Church now con
ducting a revival in this city. A coach and
baggage car were crowded with colored
folks of the benevolent society, who came
to attend tlie funeral rites of a member of
their order buried here Sunday.
The Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad
is building a plank fence around the vacant
lot immediately west of the dejwt, fronting
on Church street.
Engine No. 40 just rebuilt at the work
shops of the Nashville and Chattauooga
Railroad in this city, i3 a beautiful piece of
work, aud is as handsome as those made iu
Eastern cities. It is 32 tons in weight, lias
10 by 24 inch c finders and 01) inch driving
wheels. The ornamental work is artistic
and quite haudvnne, being ratherneat tlian
beautiful. Tin- furnace is made for cool,
and to prevent the usual bad effects being
visible tin! tender and locomotive are paint
ed bla. l. ith guilt designs on the comers
and around the picture on the side of the
wood box. No. 14, a freight engine with
52 inch drivers and 15 by 24 inch cylinders,
has also lieen rebuilt and only awaits tlie
finishing touches of paint to be ready for
use.
In addition to these, there are four other
locomotives in tlie shops not yet completed.
Their numbers are 4 and 14, for the Nash
ville and Northwestern Road, and 14 and 32
for the Nashville and Chattanooga Road.
This Company is doing much work in their
shops, and have contracts for building a
large number of freight cars. The Nashville
and Chattanooga Railroad continues to do a
large business, having shinned one hundred
der's exploring and ninety cars south yesterday. Cspt. Jolin Q "f uompany. ADout this
scalped. The W. Luckey is getting up hi3"annual Rail- time KcMrder SharP salY tlie necessity for
rnnri 1 imo'i uiiio iviti.ti-t it- t r j .iU viut,tt,u
v in rda wi Z X frame buil4S south of
parture of all trains. It is a convenient
arrangement for hotels and tnaieleis, and
affords an excellent advertising medium to
business men.
The Washington city newspaper piaise
the wisdom which laid out that city with
such broad streets and avenues, as they are
regarded as excellent preventives of the
.spread.of fires,
Traynor's drug store, which enabled tho
fire to be checked at that point, after having
made a dear sweep from Market street to
Railroad avenue for some 400 feet.
The following is a list of the losses by
fire as near as we can ascertain them at
present, commencing at the southernmost
point to which the fire reached:
D. T. Clippenger, stock of paints, oils,
etc., in small frame building, destroyed,
.and foundation of north wall of new build-
ORIGIN OF THE FIKE.
It is believed the fire was the work of an
incendiary. Our hypothosis is that coal oil
or some other inflamable fluid was injected
in Fischer Bros, building, between the
shells ofthe building and fired. The object
of course was plunder. During the fire
Col. Jos. Meo was addressing the crowd
and urging them to go to work. While he
was speaking two well dressed strangers
were seen in the crowd, and one was heaid
to say to the other, "He had better go
home. He will have enough of his own
business to attend to soon." In a few min
utes a pile of shingles saturated with coal
oil, was found blazing against the side of
Mee Mills oil warehouse, just below the
corner of Market and Sixth street. For
tunately the fire was extinguished before
any damage was done.
Similar attempts to fire filestore of Divine
Goodwin and the Montague block were
also detected ui tune.
The Mayor has offered a reward of $1,000
for the arrest of these scoundrels.
It is probable that there is an organized
incendiary gang operating in tms country.
It may be that Chattanooga was expected
to be another Chicago, and was fired for the
same purpose.
Perhaps the Cliicago Times' revelations
about the International Society were true.
INCIDENTS.
Lew. Flemming, the popular clerk of the
feu JMcliolas Hotel, took eighty feet of small
hose Irom the hotel, attached it to the hy
drant of the National Hotel and kept tlie
small slianties in the rear of Kaylor's Hall
from burning, thus assisting greatly in
stopping the spread of the fire.
Mr. Rosenbaum, of Rosenbaum Calm,
when i; was feared the fire was getting pos
session of Kaylor's Hall, shut his doors,
packed the most valuable dry goods iu
trunks, put the keys in his pocket, went
outside, locked his doors, and waited till
the danger should be imminent before mov
ing. The fire did not reach them, neither
were their goods damaged. Sensible.
J. Long, furniture dealer has removed to
the building formerly occupied by C. C.
Seigfried, where he wdl sell off at cost.
H. Schnider fc Co., and Nisbet Mc
Glohon have removed to the Montague
block.
Moses Wells will furnish lime to those
burnt out, who wish to rebuild, at 20 cents
per bushel, 10 cents less than the market
price.
Probably as much property was stolen .13
was burned. Thieves held carnival Sunday
morning. Two boats are missing at the
wharf, supposed to have been used by thieves
to cany off their plunder.
We find it impossible to give credit to all
who deserve it for their efforts at extin
guishing tlie fire. We could not be ubiqui
tous, and from what was told us yesterday,
the whole credit of discovering and extin
guishing the fire, is due to each of about
three hundred distinguished citizens.
The scenes of yesterday suggest their
own comment, but we may have a few
words to say about them to-morrow.
break the windows and doors down. The
citizens, many of whom had gathered upon
the platform, endeavored to persuade the
Andersons to desist and leave the place,
but they declined to comply. Finally, T.
G. Boyd, who it seems is a Justice of tlie
Peace, succeeded in liaving them mount
their horses and start, which they did as
though they were going home. Very soon,
however, they returned and repeated what
they liad just perpetrated at the doors and
windows, when Esquire Boyd again induced
tit I'lTTl tn TTlftunt nnil Ioita rT 1. 1 j I m
all felt relief, as Kittrell had intended to de- I Will SatlSTIl anil One that, at
just then, preferring to have a posse before tJie JOtlCeS OI WllCfl We Offer
encountering a set of desnnmdnfHi anv mnm. I
But, to prevent any further trouble in the tllGm, theil are the cheavest.
.A-.,.,. r f- t i t. i I v J-
sued a warrant and placed it in the hand3 Oy jar, OJ OIUJ til thlS market.
01 a ouue oiucer 10 arrest, tnem. auujusi
as I, and I presume the others also, were
beginning to feel easy, here thev came gal
loping up, anu jonn uismounteu nastuy,
and indicated by his actions tliat he intend
ed to press in where Kittrell was and assaidt
him. At this juncture, the officers to whom
tlie warrant for their arrest had been hand
ed, together with young Snead approached
tnem.
The warrant liad found its way into
Snead's hands. The officer before men
tioned seemed to address Sam, who was
yet on lus horse: while Snead said some
thing to John and they both walked about
eight, or perhaps ten steps to one side.
when Snead attempted to inform John of
his object to arrest him and to pull tlie war
rant from his pocket at the same time. At
tins John, whose hand was perhaps about
C IV. 1 .1...
oiuxiu s iiclk. ui 11113 same nine, gave nun a
pusn and declared ttiat he wotud not be ar
rested, using an oath in the expression. A
brief scuffle ensued between them, when
John and Snead drew their pistols much
about the same time, when it became, a
question as to who shoidd shoot first, and
snead suiting himself to tlie emergency,
succeeded in shooting him in the abdomen
which seemed to immediately paralyze
jonn, wno was easuy jerked to the ground
aud his pistol taken from him by Snead.
This is a brief, and I think substantial his
tory of this case.
Ihe conduct of the Andersons was dis
graceful in the extreme After they were
apprised of the capias coining from the
United States Court, they "swore worse
than an army in Flanders," threatening
everybody whose name might be mentioned
or happened to be thought ot.
A fidl line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefullu Riled.
BOLIVAR H. COOKE Co,,
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Public
Square.
uplOM
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
TJi-LJJ
DMOW AND AMERICAN
Till U3I I'll ANT I. Y VINDICATED.
From the Columbia Herald.
The Joint Committee of the IgisLiture,
appointed to investigate thechargesjof John
Baxter, of Knox vine, against Jlessrs. Jones,
I'urvis Co., State Printers, made their re
port to both Houses on the first Inst. The
report is quite lengthy, and reviews every
charge, declaring them all unfounded and
unsustained ky the proof. Neither fraud.
overcharges, corruption nor violations of the
law, has been committed nor attempted by
the Public Printers. The Committee say,
that upon a review of the whole testimony,
it is impossible to conclude that Jones. Pur
vis Co., have done or intended to do any
tlung to defraud (the State, but on the con
trary nave oeen reasonable m their cliarges
1 1 .1. t
auu just in iiitir uenianus.
IS PBEPABED TO TORN OUT
JOB PRINTING-
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,
In the Sfost Satisfactory Style, upon
Brief Notice, at the -Lowest
Bates.
OUR OFFICE, Kf A 11 ixa uu ai"
MESTS, 13 ONE OF
THE MOST COMPLETE IN THE SOUTH,
SPECIAL ATTESTIOS
The way the Chicago Post handles tlie
romancing New York newspaper corres
pondents is very amusing. It shows that
they are immense" at drawing the long
bow.
ISOIVKITO
ORDERS "FROM THE COUNTRY,
?IVE ps 4 TRIAL,