.J. 11. OHOVE J. B. ODER)
V OLUME I;
-THE CHICAGO FIRE.
Ovrr Onr-hnir Ihefilr In Anhe Tlir Hu I- j
nH Portion Utterly Ruintul.
From the Chicago Newspaper Union. Extra. Oct.'.i.
Chicago seems doomed by tlie lire
fietitl. On Saturday afternoon, Sept.
30th a conflagration destroyed a bonded
warehouse and other property to the
amount of about SBO,OOO. During the
week following several minor fires took
place ih the city, the engines and fire- j
incn rffiiaitiihg in their houses scarcely
three hours tit a tinie without a call,
and on Saturday evening, October 7th. I
about II o'clock, while engaged in ex
tinguishing a lire on Wells street, South
Side, tin alarm was sounded from box
No. IMS. West Division. This alarm, it
was ascertained, was occasioned by the
discovery of fire in the boiler room of
the planing mill of bull A Holmes, sit
uated on Canal street, between •Jackson
and Van Huron. All the engines not
engaged at the Wells street fire inline
diatoly repaired to the scene of destruc
tion in the West Division, hut before
they got into operation, the building in
which the lire originated was enveloped
in flames.
The absence of rain for the past three
weeks has rendered everything here so
inflammable, as well as elsewhere
throughout the West, that a spark will
starts fire—will sweep for miles with
out interruption. Only a few minutes
after tlie striking of the aim. flames
were seen sweeping to tlie sky, and tlie
lurid light that illuminated the horizon
grew more and more powerful, casting
its brilliant rays in every direction, and
bringing out in hold feliel the f ronts of
the buildings which bleed the burning
element. The wind; Which was blowing
very strong from the southwest, carried
with it sparks, cinders and partially
burned pieces of wood, which covered
the sky in dazzling spangles, and fell
in fiery showers upon the buildings ly
ing north and northeast of tlie burning
mill. These soon ignited, and at one
o’clock were one mass of flame or
charred ruins, by this time every en
gine in tlie city, and those belonging at
Bridgeport and Blue Island, were at
work trying to arrest the progress of
the devouring element. This, however,
was not done until a fifth block was de
stroyed.
The boundaries of the conflagration
were as follows Between Clinton and
Canal streets, about three-fourths of the
area south toward Van Btiren street.
Between Canal street and the river,
about nine-tenths of the area south to
ward Van Buren street. Between Ca
nal street and the river,and Adams and
Jackson streets, the entire area. Be-
tween Canal and Clinton streets, and
A dams and Jackson streets, about seven- I
eighths the entire area. On tlie east
side of Canal, north of Adams, about
one hundred feet frontage, this being
the freight sheds of the Adams and
United States Express Companies. As
nearly as can he estimated, tlie total
area burned covers about twenty acres,
which is by far the largest district ever
devastated by fire in Chicago, even
eclipsing the famous conflagration of
1857.
On Jackson stieet, aside from tlie
planing mill above mentioned, and tlie
lumber yard connected with it, the
property consumed consisted of dwell
ings, barns and outhouses, which were
all old and dry as tinder. Clinton street
north of Jackson was also covered with
dwellings, and a few smr.ll carpenter
shops. On Canal street, in the rear of
llie planing-mill, was a box factory of a
Mr. Foster, which was also destroyed.
Among the most prominent sufferers on
the east side of Canal street, next the
river were the Union Wagon Works;
Chapin Foss, manufacturers of lath
and shingles; John Sheriffs Son,
lumber dealers; 1!. llolbrook, coal deal
er; W. E. Johnson, coal dealer; and
the blacksmith shops of the Pittsburg
and Fort Wayne Kailway Company.
The majority of the sufferers on Adams
street, between Canal and Clinton, were
families, who lost nearly all they had.
The Adams street viaduct was wrapped
in flames and damaged to the amount
of about SI,OOO. The losses in the
above fire crfnnot be less than a million
dollars.
THE WEST SIDE.
hast night about nine o'clock a lire
broke out in a barn on tlie corner of
Twelfth and DeKoven streets, occa
sioned by a cow kicking over a lamp.
An alarm was quickly sounded, but the
high wsaid prevailing at the time caused
the building to burn and the fire to
spread rapidly, and before the engines
reached the ground several buildings
were in flames and the Oremen were
forced to give way to the devouring ele
ment.
ITS COURSE.
The lire spread rapidly in an easterly
and northeasterly d i reel ion, devouring
everything in its track, and soon tin
two blocks trom .Jefferson to Clinton
anil trom C linton to Canal, were envel
oped in one sheet ot flame. Crossing
Canal street, the fire crept steadily
along the river, forcing everything of an
inflammable nature to succumb. Ves
sels and canal boats were forced to cut
loose, and float away as fast as they
could, to prevent being burned. Stead
ily forcing the firemen to retreat, the
lire made its way northward between
Jefferson and Clinton streets to Van
Buren street, where it ceased, between
those 1 eets, but kept on burning be
tween Clinton and Canal streets, and
from Canal street to the river. At Van
Buren street the tire crossed and burned
what was left in that vicinity by tlie fire
of Saturday night. Everything on tlie
river front, from Taylor street to Adams
street, was burned. Among the most
prominent buildings along that side of
the river were the Chicago Dock Com
pany, tlie St. bonis and Alton freight
depot, a large planing mill and sash
factory. The National Elevator, which
stood test of fire all night, finally caught
H from the intense heat, and about three
o’clock on Sunday morning t]„, huihl-
H ing was one sheet of flame, making one
of the grandest spectacles witnessed
during the fire. The Adams street
bridge, which stood the tire of Saturday
n ight well, took tire about I:! o’clock oil
Sunday night, and was ’burned to the
water's edge while standing open.
the south sun:.
About twelve o’clock the tire spread
across the river in the neighborhood of
Taylor street, and swept everything in
its path. The Gas Works were soon
consumed, and from thence north and
east tlie fiery element Hew along with
j unabated fury, taking everything in its
course.
TIIK HOTELS.
All the prominent hotels of the city
are in ruins—the Pacific, Sherman,
Tremont, Briggs, Palmer, Bigelow, Me
tropolitan, Matteson—besides dozens of
other smaller caravansaries scattered
over the East Side from the river to the
I lake, and from Van Buren to Water
street. The destruction of property is
j most terrible, and the scenes to be wit
nessed in the streets are heartrending.
Business, of course, is entirely sus
p tided, and everything on wheels which
can he made available for purposes of
moving, are pressed into service for get
ting goods out of the reach of the de
vouring element. Wabash and Michi
gan avenues, as far south as Twenty
second street, are lined with household
goods and merchandise, and guarded
by weary and weeping women and
children. Thousands of families arc
already rendered homeless, and at this
hour (9 a. m.) the fire is
rapidly extending southward from
hake street on tlie east side of State
street, and it seems more than probable
that the entire district north of Van
Buren. and east of Clark streets will he
destroyed.
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
building, which stood the heat for a
long time, came in for its place among
the list of sufferers, and soon after the
fall of the Court House this handsome
building lay a mass of smoldering coals.
THE WESTERN UNION TKLEUR.U’H OFFICE
building was destroyed, as was also the
whole block adjoining on the north and
west of the samfe.
PRINTING OFFICS DESTROYED.
All of the daily paper offices are closed.
The Journal, Post, llcpvblican and Times
are among those destroyed. The Tri
hone building, being fire proof, stood the
siege well, hut finally succumbed.
The Starts Zcitung (German), and the
Evening Mail which were in the same
building with the Evening Post. suffered
the fate of their neighbor. The Auxili
ary Printing House of A. N. Kellogg,
together with Spalding Lemont’s job
office are in ruins. The job offices of
Kami Sc McNally, Cameron, Amberg,
A Hoffman, Beach A Barnard, Rounds,
Sc Kane, Culver, Page b Hoyne, .lame
son Sc Morse, and all the prominent job
offices of the city are gone.
THE COURT HOUSE
took tire* about one o’clock, and at half
past two the old Court House proper
was enveloped in flames, the tall stee
ple falling about three o’clock. The
spire came down with a crash, which
increased the fury of the flames and
created an insufferable heat for a great
distance on all sides of the square.
THE POST OFFICE,
after stemming the tide for hours, was
forced to surrender to the flames, and
about five o’clock on Monday morning
was completely “gutted” by fire. All
the buildings adjacent to the Post Office
are in ruins.
THE NORTH SIDE.
The fire has crossed the river to the
North Side, and is devouring every
thing in its track, the fireengines being
powerless, the Water Works being de
stroyed and tlie city left without water.
The city is at the mercy of the flames,
and all attempts to suppress them are
fruitless.
It is known that several deaths have
occurred, through various accidents and
lion* the flames, hut owing to the inde
scribable confusion which reigns every
where it is *npossible to arrive with
any degree of accuracy at the particu
lars.
LATER.
At five o’clock p. m., the tiro was still
raging in the North Division and had
reached as far as Chicago avenue, sweep
ing away everything in its course.
To give a slight idea of how things
look, we can only say that the city from
Harrison street on the South Side to the
city limits on the North Side, and lying
between the river and lake east and
west, is but one mass of ruins. This
comprises a tract varying from a mile to
two miles in width, and over five miles
long. To this must be added a large
tract burned on the West Side, which
will make the fire the largest and most
destructive ever known on this conti
nent.
From flu*. (’hieaeo Tribune, Out. 11.
STILL LATER.
As early as three o’clock in the morn
ing of Monday, the people on the North
Side, oi many of them, began to get a
little nervous. The fire, moving north
eastward, had gotten to Kusli street
bridge, which was crowded with people.
In order to prevent this aiding the fire
in crossing, it was turned, but the only
result was the
DESTRUCTION OF THE PEOFUE UPON IT.
The fire crossed there, without pay
ing any attention to the removal of the
bridge, and seizing ii|K>n the frame
buildings, the warehouses, and the lum
ber yards, moved rapidly northward to
ward he Water Works. The people
living in that section, and north of
there, thought that the best place for
them to seek shelter was on the lake
shore, and they rushed that way, carry
ing with them what they could. They
very soon found that they were there
between two deaths, the lire on one side
of them, and the water on the other,
into which tlie intense heat of tlie fire
was driving them. Many lay there, half
in the water and half in the sand, with
their heads down in order to get as
much air as they could. The smoke
driving from the shore made it almost
impossible to live, hut, as they were sur
rounded on three sides, and there were
no boats, they remained where they
were, and suffered as patiently as possi
ble.
THE EIRE REACHED THE H ATER WORKS
at an early hour, and the wooden roof
was soon in flames. The men stayed
there as long as they could, but they
were finally compelled to retreat, and
made their escape along the lake shore.
According to the statement of the
librarian, Wm. Uorkran, who was there
at the time, the following persons cer
tainly sought refuge in tlie Chicago His
torical Society building Old Col. Stone
and iiis wife, Mr. and Mrs. Able and
their daugters, Mrs. De Belgium, Mr.
and Mrs. Carpenter, Dr. Freer and fam
ily, two patients from the hospital, and
John B. tiirnrd and family. Mr. Cork
ran is certain that old Col. Stone was
An Independent Paper—Devoted to Lileraiure. Mining, Commercial, Agricultural. General and Loral News,
FROSTBURG, ALLEGANY COUNTY, MARYLAND, S
i
i suffocated, and, from the sudden in-
i rush of dense smoke, there is cause for j
1 the fear that the others who were in i
i there shared the same fate.
AT CHICAGO AVENUE.
It was 10 o'clock when the fire got to j
Chicago avenue. The incredible rapid
itv of the flames passed all comprehen
I sion. They sprang from side to side of
the streets, and, skipping extensive
I tracts, returned to complete their work.
All these fires, at whatever point they
crossed tlie river, soon united, and
I swept unobstnictedly northward. The
people living north of Chicago avenue
j and west of LaSalle street, were exceed
ing1 hopeful that they would escape,
but the flames, running up Clark street,
caught Turner Hall and the new build
ing north of it, worked west, and got
into the brick blocks on the east side
of LaSalle, and then jumped that street
and got into the blocks on tlie west
side. At about the same time it crossed j
'hicago avenue and caught McEwen's
planing mill, on Wells street, near Pear
son. and then rushed northward among
the wooden buildings, rapidly annihi
lating them.
WHAT REMAINS.
From Kinzie street to Fullerton ave
nue is three rn’los. At Chicago avenue,
the North Division is a little over a mile
wide, and is still wider further north,
until at Fullerton avenue, it is nearly
two miles wide. This vast extent of
territory is nearly as desolate and empty
as it was .50 years ago. The only houses
remaining are tlie old lowa elevator,
which fronts on the basin at the junc
tion of the brandies, and some of the
low and insignificant frames on Kinzie,
down in that quarter. The width of
tiic river at that point, and the direc
tion of the wind saved them. The
tower at the Water Works remains, as
do tlie walls of the main building, but
it is minus a roof. A few houses were
also left on Division street, near the riv
er, and one block on Sophia street, near
tlie park. All the rest has disappeared.
The double engine at the Water
Works is not seriously injured in itself,
but the foundations are in such condi
tion as to render running it dangerous.
The smaller single engine will require
extensive repairs. The larger single en
gine is apparently uninjured. Whether
any of tlie engines can run depends
upon the cylinders, which may have
been sufficiently heated to put them out
of true.
The only buildings in the South Di
vision north of Harrison street are the
Avenue House, on Michigan avenue,
Lind’s block, corner of Market and
Randolph streets, and two or three
houses adjoining the Avenue House.
INCENDIARIES KIUI.ED.
The damnably depraved character of
some of the i limans of the city was per
fectly illustrated on Monday and Tues
day nights, by attempts made to pro
mote pillage by fires set by incendiaries
indifferent parts of the city. To the
credit of the inhabitants of the city, be
it said, the villains generally met with
tlie fate they deserved. The following
are some illustrations, rumored and
authentic:
A man, name unknown, was shot by
a negro at the corner of State and Thir
ty-second streets. His offense was that
he set fire to a building to obtain better
opportunities for pillage,
A Woman was arrested for setting fire
to a barn in the rear of a house on
Burnside street, By some mistaken
idea of clemency she was not hanged.
Two men, who were caught trying to
set tiro to the Jesuit Church, on tlie
West Side, now sleep in the valley.”
About noon, yesterday, a barn in the
rear of a house on Burnside street, near
Twentieth, was observed to be on fire.
Knowing it must have been the work
of an incendiary, the neighbors united
to extinguish it, tilling everything they
could get hold of with sand. The fire
was extinguished, and the incendiary
caught. It is stated that he was shot.
At about 11 o’clock, yesterday fore
noon, a man residing on Fourth avenue
caught a man in the basement of his
house equipped with hay and matches.
He gave tlie alarm, and the incendiary
wtts caught and stoned and battered to
death.
About I o’clock, yesterday afternoon,
a colored man, name unknown, ob
served a white man sneaking around
his house on Fourth avenue. He tired
the barn in the rear of the house, and
was instantly shot dead.
LOSS or ui FK.
More than two hundred men, women
and children are missing, and it is
feared the great majority have perished.
ASSISTANCE.
Trains loaded with provisions from all
parts of the country are almost hourly
arriving, and large subscriptions in
money have been received from Cincin
nati, St. Louis, Milwaukee, Detroit and
other places.
(Jen. Sheridan hits made requisitions
for 150,000 rations, and it is stated that
he lias ordered 1,000 tents for the use
i of the houseless.
The churches and remaining public
buildings have been thrown open, and
but comparatively few are without
f shelter of some kind.
Most of the railroads leading out of
the city have authorized the Relief
Committees to issue unlimited orders
for passes to the destitute who wish to
5 leave the city, and thousands are gladly
availing themselves of the opportunity,
TROOPS FOR PROTECTION.
Lieut, den. Sheridan has telegraphed
f to Omaha anil the military stations in
that section of country for 1,000 United
s States troops, to be sent to Chicago at
5 once by special trains. These troops
t are expected to reach Chicago to-day,
and will be distributed throughout tlie
remaining residence and business por
tions of tlie city as a protection against
incendiarism, robbery, pillage, etc. It
is not improbable that the city will le
placed under martial law.
f Rough on the Lawyer.— An eminent
1 judge used to say that, in his opinion,
f the very best thing ever said by a wit
t ness to a counsel was the reply given to
Missing, the barrister, at the time leader
of his circuit. He was defending a
Ei prisoner charged with stealing a donkey.
The prosecutor had left the animal tied
up to a gate, and when he returned it
e was gone. Missing was very severe in
I his examination of the witness. “Do
you mean to say, witness, the donkey
was stolen from that gate?” 1 mean
t to say, sir,” giving the judge and then
the jury a sly look, the ass was
•s Missing."
Points of Prince Napoleon’s New
Pamphlet.
From the London Echo.
Prince Napoleon's pamphlet, 1m Ver
ite 11 men Galomniateurs, is a very curious
apology. It is, moreover, a useful con
tribution to the secret history of the
war between France an<l Prussia. It
shows Denmark to have been the first
ami Italy the last I ope of the Emperor
Napoleon. We gather from it that so
confident at the outset were the Emper
or and his Ministers of securing the act
iveaidof little Denmark, that the Prince
Napoleon was actually named Comman
der in-Chief of the “French and Danish
land and sea forces,” and that on the
-3d of July he submitted to the Empe
ror a plan of organization wherein Vice
j Admiral la Ronciere de Noury is styled
“Chef d’etat-major pour les forces de
i mer Francaises et Danoises,” and Gen.
j Schmith "Chef d’etat-major pour les
i forces de terre Francaises et Danoises.”
On the morning of the 9th ot August
we are lold that the Emperor visited
his cousin in his tent at Chalons, and
frankly said: “Things are going badly.
You are of no use here a single chance,
not hopeful, but still possible, remains
for us. It is that Italy should pronounce
for trance, declare war against Prussia,
and endeavor to draw Austria in with j
her. No one is better qualified than
yourself for this letter to your father in- j
law and Italy. Sturt at once for Flor
ence. I have written to the King, here
is my letter." The Prince started ac-
eordingly, and a fortnight later wrote
from Florence begging to share in his
Imperial cousin's captivity at Wilhelms- j
holie. Prince Napoleon's anxiety to
appear a brave soldier, and his ill sue
sess in getting to the front in three 1
campaigns, are very remarkable.
Materials for Manure. 1
The manure pile may he augmented
from many sources outside the stables
or barn-yard. Much waste matter is
lying around in every village or hamlet
in the country that might be gathered
up at very little expense. We do not
know a country town of a hundred or
two inhabitants in which some poor fel-
low would not be glad of a job to gather
up ashes, leather scraps, tanner's offal, f
tail-bark, sawdust, chip-dirt, straw and
refuse generally; all of which would j
make valuable additions to the compost
heap. Old boots and shoes should be
reduced to charcoal by covering them
with a pile of chips and burning them f
slowly, keeping the ashes heaped ovei
them. They are then easily reduced to f
powder. Old woolen rags and waste
from a shoddy factory are very valuable
as manure. Bones, above all things,
should not be overlooked nor oyster
shells, which, when burnt, make a val-
liable lime. Thousands of tons of such
matter go to waste every year, not be-
cause it is not worth the cost of gather-
ing, but because farmers do not appre
ciate how valuable this waste matter is. I
llcarth and Home.
Tents for Poultry Exhibitions.
At the late New England Pair, at
Lowell, Mass., the poultry cages were
all arranged under a mammoth tent.
The plan was very satisfactory to all
concerned. Canvas affords complete
ventilation through the interstices be- 1
tween the threads, and at the same time
there are no perceptible currents, as 1
when air is obtained through windows,
and there is always plenty of light. At
exhibitions in halls the air is apt to be c
too close for the health of the birds and
the comfort of the people who attend.
There can be no objection that we can
think of to canvas, when the weather is l
not cold enough to make fires a neces-
sity. A tent can be well warmed, evtn
in winter, but not without considerable
trouble. A very large hall is needed
when the show is extensive, and there
is frequently difficulty in hiring a suit-
able one. barge pavillions are kept to 1
let, in various parts of the country, and 1
they are so light as to be easily trails-
ported to any place where they are
wanted. We commend the plan to the
consideration of poultry societies.—
Hearth, and Hume.
Shooting in England. 1
An illustration of the value attached 1
in England at the present day to sport- 1
ing property has lately been afforded I
in the case of an estate called Down- I
ham, ill the great sporting county of
Norfolk, famous for partridge and
pheasant shooting. This was sold last
year by the Duchess of Cleveland, and
after a very smart competition was
knocked down for $450,000 to gentle
man named Mackenzie, whose brother
bequeathed to him a colossal fortune,
made by executing railway contracts in
France. The land is so poor that it
scarcely, for agricultural purposes,
realizes $5,000 a year, but no sooner
had Mr. Mackenzie purchased it than a
gentleman offered to lease the shooting
at SIO,OOO a year, and a few months ago
the Earl of Dudley offered Mr. Macken
zie $500,000 for the property. More
recently Lord Dunmore has received
$600,000 for a barren Scotch island, a
sort of Ultima Thule. Probably fifty
years hence, the same sort of thing will
be going on here. As it is, there are at
the present moment Americans renting
Scotch shootings for fabulous sums.—
N. r. World.
The Future Value or Timber.— lt is
impossible to predict the extreme prices
to which timber may advance before
the present generation passes away. We
have before us a statement from an
English paper of the prices realized for
thirty oak trees sold at auction in
Burghley Park, as follows.- One tree
brought $560. another s.'llo, a third
$324; the whole thirty brought $4,500,
averaging $l5O each. These must have
been large trees, but smaller trees are
proportionately valuable. There is but
little doubt that within a century or
less timber will be as scarce in America
as it is now in Europe, and it is not
probable that a sufficient substitute will
ever be found to occupy its place in the
industriesof mankind. Therefore plant
trees, and plant the l ight sort, especially
those most required in building.
The San Francisco Alta says The
great progress that has been made in
labor-saving machinery is well illus
i trated by the fact that no less than
seventy farmers have been cut to pieces
by mowing machines this season in 1 Hi-
i nois. it would have taken the most
i expert wood-chopper a long time to do i
this with the old-fashioned axe.”
ATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1871.
Ammonia as n Motive Power Tor Or
gans and Sewing Machines.
The Scientific. American says:
There is a great want of a simple and
portable power for driving the bellows
of large organs in our churches and
music halls. Water, steam, caloric en
gines, heavy weights, and lastly, elec
tricity, have been tried, and may suc
ceed on occasions, but practically the
exposure, danger from tire, and un
wieldy character of the attachment, un
less it is the electrical, stands in the
way ol universal application. The one
man power is usually the bust resort of
musicians, and the man who blows the
bellows is often a more important char
acter than the musician himself.
Our advice lias been frequently asked
in this matter, and in casting about for
answer, we have bethought ourselves of
arnmoniaeal gas as a motive power wor
thy of careful experimental trial. It
is now a good many years since this use
of ammonia was proposed, and amrao
niacal engines were applied to street
cars and to pumps, ami still they have
not met with general acceptance, and
few persons have even heard of them.
The trial trip of the omnibus in Paris,
propelled by liquified ammonia, con
fined in cylinders under the seat, was
reported as perfectly successful, and a
similar result has been arrived at on
street cars in New (>rleans.
Our knowledge of the force exerted
by liquid ammonia at given tempera
tures is now well fixed, and the cost of
liquefaction, the proper means to em
ploy, and all practical questions ought
to have been thoroughly worked out
long before this. As ammonia attacks
copper and brass, the packing and
mounting ol the engines would have to
be made of iron. The saponification of
the ammonia with the lubricating oil is
said to be no detriment, but rather to
diminish friction. The plan of the
company in Paris was to have a large
central factory for compressingammonia
gas into iron cylinders, in the same way
as water is charged with carbonic acid,
and to deliver these receivers to cus
tomers in all parts of the city. The
cylinder containing the liquid ammonia
would be provided with couplings and
screws ready for the stationary piston,
and the company's agents would place
it in position and remove the exhausted
receiver, just as the soda fountain is
kept in running order by large dealers. 1
It would only require the opening of a
stop cock to set tin- piston in motion,
and it would run as long as the expan
sive force of the gas was suffi
cient. to propel it. Such an arrange
ment as this ought to he feasible, and
theoretically there would appear to be
no difficulty in the way of its universal
adoption. It would not only he appli
cable to organs, hut to pumps, sewing
machines, and a wide range of other
work.
liii|mr<iinl Acknowledgment of the
Itights of bailor.
The very serious and long protracted
labor strike which has been maintained
in the iron mines of Staffordshire, Eng
land, has been terminated by a read
justment of the relations existing
between the workmen and the capital
ists. A new anil highly important
principle lias been evolved by the crisis,
one which is likely to produce very
decided consequences on the bearing of
the industrial and social relations not
only in Britain, but in all the great pro
ducing countries of the earth. The
ironmasters of England have conceded
the very fullest demand of the work
men in the matter of fixed daily wages.
They have done still more. They agree
to share their profits in future witli the
men. In the first place, the masters
have promised to pay an immediate ad
vance of ten per cent, on who rate of
daily wages. In the second, they prom
ise to pay a further increase as iron goes
up in price proportionately to the ship
ping tax on the ore. The latter clause
is of the highest importance not only to
the Staffordshire miners but to the
trade of the world at large. It is one
of the most direct acknowledgments
which lias been made in modern days
by the “moneyed classes” that the
man of daily toil Is a power on the
earth that the interests of capital and
labor arc identical, and that the first is
honorable and fit for direct association
with the. other.— N. Y. Herald.
Oat I'iiAt r for Feed.—A year or two
ago wc. were, by accident, led to feed
some oat chaff to a few head of milking
cows, and were agreeably surprised to
find that they came up considerably in
their milk. The chaff was discontinued
for a day or two, when the cows fell off
to their former quantity; but on feed
ing the chaff again. the flow again in
creased. Since then the value of oat
chaff as a milk producer lias been satis
factorily proved by us. This would then
make it advisable when oats arc
threshed the chaff should be saved for
feed. It may be fed in the place of cut
hav, with ihc usual wetting, salting,
and mixing of the regular allowance of
meal. In years when hay is as scarce as
in the present, not only the chaff may
he fed, but the oat straw should be
carefully saved for fodder. It is quite
as nutritious as timothy that has gone
to seed.
Another condensing arrangement —in
this case applicable to steam engines or
to engines worked with a mixture of
steam and air—has just been brought
forward by an English inventor. Ac
cording to this device, in place of a
condenser and air pump being employed
as usual, the exhaust steam is let into
a large condensing cylinder, in which a
piston works, this piston having a slight
lead on the steam piston in the main
cylinder. When the stroke of the con
denser piston is nearly complete, an in
jection valve on the side of the cylinder
opens and admits water into the latter
this water, together with that resulting
front the condensation of the steam, and
also any air which may he present, be
ing expelled front the cylinder through
suitable valves at the return stroke of
the piston.
A San Francisco lady proposes as a par
tial remedy for the social evil” that
every single man having a salary of a
certain amount over the wages of the
majority of working women he com
pelled to pay into a treasury for the pur
pose a certain amount, to accord with
his salary each month, to lie divided
among the single women of the city.
Mormon History— Tho Clirouologry of'
the Latter Hay Saints.
The existing crisis in Utah lends in- I
terest to the following sketch of Mor
mon history, furnished to the New York
Herald by Klder Ernest Lisle
Joseph Smith, the prophet and foun
der of the Ulurch, was born in the
State of Vermont, in the year !SOf>.
The designs of heaven were first made
known to him at the early age of fifteen,
when he was informed in .1 vision of the
utter apostacy of the primitive <’hut*-h.
September 22, 1837, Joseph Smith re
ceived from the hands of a messenger
of the Lord the golden records contain
ing the history of this continent, writ
ten by various prophets, and concealed
by Moroni in the year42o. Joseph was
then informed that he was to he an in
strument in the hands of God to re-es
tablish His Church in its former purity
and holiness. The prophet then pro
ceeded to translate the golden records.
1800—The “Church’’ was organized.
1833—Our people suffered great per
secution in Independence, Mo.
1837 Elders and priests were sent to
the different nations of the earth in or
der to establish the “Church*’ through
out the world.
1838— Persecution raged. The pro
phet was betrayed into the hands his
enemies by a second Judas- a pro
fessed friend. Shortly afterward (joy.
Boggs, of Missouri, issued his order of
extermination, followed by the massacre
of a number of our people in that
State.
1840— The people began to build Nau
voo, 111.
1841— The corner-stone of the Nau
voo Temple was laid by the prophet.
1842 Joseph prophesied that our
people would be driven to the Rooky
Mountains.
1844 'flie prophet and his brother
were, murdered in the prison at Carth
age, 111. During an eventful life of 30
years he was arrested, tried, and honor
ably acquitted over forty times, which
so incensed his enemies that they shed
the blood of innocent men. Before go
ing to prison Joseph said, in a
prophetic manner, “1 go like a
lamb to the slaughter, hut my
conscience is void of offense toward God
and toward all men. it shall he said of
me, he was murdered in cold blood.’*
1845 A large mob, led on by two
Christian ministers, attacked Nauvoo,
and a battle was fought.
1846 The exodus Nauvoo be
gan. A. Mormon regiment was sent to
Mexico by order of the United States.
1847 President Young entered Utah,
known at that time as the Great Ameri
can Desert.
1848— The mob set the temple in
Nauvoo on fire.
185“—Revolution on polygamy first
made known. Since Unit time we have
caused Utah to blossom as the rose,
reared the most moral city on earth,
and, while President Young lias gov
erned us, known little or no crime, with
stood two military expeditions, have
been applauded for our firmness, and
called by the London Times a nation of
heroes, and I here affirm that we are a
loyal, law-abiding people, and desire
nothing more than the prosperity of
our Territory.
Absorbent Powers of Mellow Soil.
Experiments have shown that a mel
low, loamy soil is capable of absorbing
in twelve hours, when exposed to a
moist atmosphere, an amount of water
equal to two per cent, of its weight. If
any argument were needed to keep the
soil mellow, here is a most powerful
one to convince us. Kor this property
possessed by a mellow soil is one that
in a dry season is able to give it the
power of maturing a crop, rhen a
hardened surface would he unable to do
so. A surface that is impenetrable to
the atmosphere, of course, could not
absorb any of the moisture with which
the atmosphere is charged. But, when
rendered free from lumps by repeated
plowings and harrowing.--, each change
of temperature causes a circulation
of air throughout the mass of soil,
which is free then to absorb all the
moisture coming in contact with it
until it is saturated. So, then, the more
the soil is mellowed by cultivation, the
less it is injuriously affected by drought,
and the better it is enabled to mature a
fair crop in spite of !i.‘ absence of rain.
-Ilta tIL and Home.
Consumption of Liquor in Great Britain.
Lord .John Russell, in a speech made
at the conference of the “National Union
for the Suppression of Intemperance,”
over which he presided, said that dur
ing the five years ending with 1870, the
tempeeate British people spent for in
toxicating liquors the nice little sum of
514,842,345 pounds sterling about
$2,500,000,000. This amount is about
three times as large as the annual in
come of all the railways of the United
Kingdom twice as large as the capital
of all the savings hanks; half as large
again as the national revenues for the
whole time, and fifty times as large as
the collective income of all the religious
and philanthropic societies in the coun
try. We are sorry to add, on the
authority of the same competent wit
ness, that the working classes pay far
the greater share of this enormous sum.
The calculations given are made from
the amount of liquors which pay duty.
In almost all the gardens in
Holland is built a kind of summer
house, generally painted in bright, glar
i ing colors, looking like an immense
flower. No matter how small the plot
of ground may he, it is sure to he laid
out in innumerable little beds of fanci
ful design, which are filled with the
I most gorgeous-lined tulips, and in the
middle is placed one of these arbors,
j Some quaint name, like Abode of
I Love,” or Heart’s Rest," is inscribed
i over the door, and within it. at the cool
|of the evening, may he seen iis
owner slowly puffing his pipe and gaze
ing complacently at his flowers or blink
j at the reflection of the sunset in tho
i sluggish water of the omnipresent canal.
Perhaps you’ll find two old chaps in
there, their portly forms dimly visible
through the cloud of smoke, while their
conversation will consist of occasional
j monosyllables uttered between slow
whiffs.
New neck-ties have a hand to pass
i around ilie neck, and a great carelessly
puffer! rosette in front, with short,
1 fringed ends.
1
Editors and Proprietors.
NUMBER
Society and Fashion.
The beautiful beaver brand mohair is
often taken for silk.
Very large collars are again the style
worn by ladies.
Some very beautiful fans are made of
white lace, dotted with a,tangles nod
edged with gold lace.
Honiton lace is used on all kinds of
dresses, and has a most beautiful elfeet
on light evening silks.
The New York Mail says: “We im
agine that some of the young ladies
who are so fond of using the slang term
‘correct,' would be somewhat shocked
if they knew its origin and signifi
cance."
An ornamental way of draping under
skirts is to place five or six buttons two
inches apart half way down the side and
hack seams, with loops under all butthe
top button, each loop passing over the
button above it.
Vti.aik alpaca, like black silk, is a
standard fabric, and is suitable for all
seasons.
Indications are that velvet suits will
be tlie ultimatum of richness in winter
costumes.
Sieves coffin trimmings are hired otiT
of private funerals in T.ewiston, Me., to
he returned after the ceremony.
A corkesi'ondent of the Washington
Chronicle declares there ks as much “so
cial evil” among the ladies of that city
as in its recognised localities, and ad
vises the Woman’s Club to look out lor
vice which wears'the cloak of respecta
bility.
Some scoundrel advertises in a Cincin
nati paper for “an opening letter from
some tresli country girl, up to (he
age, and desiring to form city nc
i|uaintonee." A girl would he either
very "fresh” or very stale fo hike any
notice of such an individual.
Sweet l’orlt.
It is beyond a doubt that cleanliness
has much to do with the flavor of pork.
The filthy state in which many fatten
ing hogs are kept has a tendency not
only to give a rank taste to the meat,
tint to render it positively unwhole
some. A very common mode of pen
ning hogs at this season is in a rail pen,
without protection from the weather.
The consequence is that such pens are
not fit to keep a living animal in: wet
ami filthy, cold and uncomfortable as
they are, hog will not take on fat, and
a great proportion of the food is wasted
while they are kept in them, while lh
filth, a considerable amount of which
the hogs will consume, must he detri
mental to their health, and to the health
o) those who eat their flesh. It is not
only safer but more economical to give
fattening animals good shelter alio dry
beds ami litter, and keep them quite
clean. The labor will bo well repaid.
Aciokpinc. to Professor Wagner, the
manufacture of iodine from Chilian
saltpetre amounts at the present time to
some 30,000 pounds per annum. The in
genious method invented by M. Thicr
oelin for the reclamation ol this valua
ble substance from the crude material
is as follows The mother liquors result
ing from the manufacture of saltpetre
are treated with a mixture of sulphur
ous acid and sulphite of soda, in proper
proportion, and this causes the iodine
to be precipitated as a black powder.
The precipitated iodine is put into
earthen jars, on the bottom of which
are layers of quarts sand, fine at the top
and coarse at the bottom from this it
is removed by earthen spoons into boxes
lined with gypsum, and a great part of
the water thus removed. It is some
times sold in this impure state, or fur
ther purified by sublimation.
Tun t’Hoi'OHTioy of land in California
under cultivation, compared with the
entire area, is very small. According to
hand Office figures, there are 60,000,000
acres capable of bearing wheat, but only
5,000,000 acres arc cultivated. Of this,
according to the Surveyor General,
1,263 were in wheat, giving 1it,000,600
bushels, or fifteen bushels per acre. The
Vallejo Hceoritcr says it follows that if,
by means of increased facilities, 15,000,-
000 are in time got under wheat, the
etop will he 1(10,000,000 bushels, or ten
times tin- present average crop, which
is raised without irrigation, in sections
illv provided with transportation.
In PhiliADEi.i’iiia, the other day, two
women exhibited a remarkable degree
of superstition. They called at the
police station and asked if there were
any dead bodies at the morgue. Learn
ing there was one, that of a drowned
man, she requested that privilege be
given her to lay one of the dead man’s
hands upon her goitered neck, remark
ing at the same time she knew of a pep
-on who, by the hands of a dead man,
had been relieved of the complaint.
The request was granted, and the hand
of the corpse was three times applied to
the afflicted neck, and without further
ceremony the females left for their
homes.
A wedding in a convent, writes a cor
respondent, is the last event which this
century lacked in order to be crowned
as the most wonderful of the ages, and
it lias come to pass." Berlin is the
boastful mother of this striking novelty.
Despite the withering influences and
the thousand-eyed guard of cloister life
against the fatal weapons of Cupid, an
orphan maid, who was reared by the
Vrsulines, was wooed and won by a
I.andsberg knight, and recently married
by him in her convent home. The
Mother Superior stood instead of the
parents of noth parties, and the wedding
was gay. All the eompay except the
bridegroom were in petticoats.
Kecenti.v, two persons traveling on
the road to Gotham, in a light wagon,
were smoking cigars, from the tire of
which some straw at the bottom ignited.
The flames soon drove them from their
j seats, and while busy extinguishing the
t lire, a countryman, who had been for
some time following them on horse-
I back, alighted to assist them. I have
been watching the smoke for some
time,” said he. Why. then, did you
not give us noting?” asked the travel
s' ers. Well," responded the rustic,
r there are so many new tangled no
tions nowadays, I thought you were
going by steam.”