UPPER SANDUSKY?. OHIO.
THE CHICAGO FIRE.
Destruction and Devastation.
int nuuMriiun ur suointoo
Chicago will Rise Again!
Tram tb ChioMto Nemnfa TSnira, Extra, Oct. 9,
Chicazo seems doomed "by the fire
fiend. On Saturday afternoon, Sept.
QAli m vinflacrrafirkn viAited t.Vl&fcc.itv in
the shape of the destruction of a bonded
warehouse and property to the amount
of about $800,000. During the week
following several minor fires took plape
in the city, the engines and firemen re-'
maining in their houses scarcely three
hours at a time without a call, and on
Saturday evening, Oct. 7th, about 11
o'clock, while engaged in extinguishing
a fire on wens street, jsouin eiae, an
alarm was sounded from box No. 243,
West Division. This alarm, it was as
certained, was occasioned by the dis
covery of fire in the boiler room of the
planing mill of Lull Holmes, situated
on Canal street, between Jackson and
Van "Riiwin All t.Via cnlrinAA not. An.
gaged at the W ells street nre immediately
repaired to the scene of destruction in
the West Division, but before they got
into operation the building in which the
fire originated was enveloped in flames.
The absence of rain for the past three
or four weeks, has rendered everything
so dry and inflammable in Chicago, as
well as elsewhere throughout the West,
ihat a spark will start a fire will
sweep for miles without interruption.
Only a few minutes after the striking
of the alarm, flames-were seen sweeping
to the sky, and the lurid light that il
luminated the horizon grew more and
more powerful, casting its brilliant rays
in every direction, bringing out in bold
relief the tronts 01 the buildings which
faced the burning element. The wind,
which was blowing very strong from the
southwest, carried with it sparks, cin
ders and partially burned pieces of
wood, which covered the sky in daz-
zling spangles, and fell in fiery showers
upon the buildings lying north and
northeast of the burning mill. These
soon ignited, and, at one o'clock were
.one mass of flame or charred ruins. By
this time every engine in the city, "and
those belonging at Bridgeport and Blue
Island, were at work trying to arrest the
progress of the devouring element.
This, however, was not done until nearly
a htth block was destroyed.
The boundaries of the conflagration"
were as follows Between Clinton and
Canal streets, about three-fourths of
the area south toward Yan Buren street.
Between Canal street and -the. river.
about nine-tenths of the area south
toward Van Buren street. Between
Canal street and the river, and Adams
and Jackson streets, the entire area.
Between Canal and Clinton streets, and
Adams and Jackson streets, about
seven-eighths of the entire area. On
the east side of Canal, north of: Adams,
about one hundred feet frontage, this
being the freight sheds of the Adams
and United States Express Companies.
As f nearly as can be r estimated.
the total area burned over covers about
twenty acres, which is by far the largest
district ever devastated by fare in Chi
cago, even eclipsing the famous confla
gration ot 1807.
On Jackson street, aside from the
planing mill above mentioned, and the
lumber yard connected with it, the
property consumed consisted of dwell-
ings, Darns ana outhouses, which were
all old and dry as tinder. Clinton street
north of Jackson was also covered with
dwellings and a few small carpente:
shops. On Canal street in, the' rear of
i the planing mill was a box factory of
jar. foster which was .destroyed.
Among the most prominent; sufferers
on the east side of Canal, street, next
the river were the Union wagon works
Chapin Foss, manufacturers of lath
and shingles, John sheriffs Son, lum
her dealers 36. ilolbrook, coal dealer
W. E. Johnson, coal dealer; and the
DiacKsmth shops ot the Irittsburgh and
Ft. WaYlft T? Tt Cn. Tha TnninriHr vF
me sunerers on Adams street between.
Canal and Clinton were families who
lost nearly all they had. The: Adams
street viaduct was wrapped in flames and
damaged to the amount ot about 1,000.
The losses m the above fire cannot be
less than a million dollars.
THE WEST SIDE.
Last night about nine o'clock a fire
broke out in a barn on the corner of
.Twelfth and De Koven streets, occa
sioned by a cow kicking over a lamp.
An alarm was auicklv sounded, but the
high wind prevailing at the time caused
the building to burn and the flre-to
spread rapidly, and before the engines
reached the ground, several buildings
XJ 1 .1 I-
"cic ixi uauiea auu.uie nremen were
forced to give way to the devouring ele
ment.
its cocsse.
The fire spread rapidly in an easterly
and northeasterly- direction, devouring,
everything in its track, and soon the
..A 1.1 1 J! "I If. .-11
v u uiisufio uuiix otriierisuu w 1 ill Li) 11
and from Clinton to Canal, were envel-
oped in one sheet of flame. Crossing
wanai street, tne nre crept steadily
along the river, forcing every ing of an
sels and canal boats were forced lb "cut
loose, and float away "as fast as they
could, to prevent being burned. Stead-
J u ".V". w i .,11 V.U. L LA J V,
fire made its way northward betweet Jef
ferson and Clinton streets, to VanBuren,
street, where it ceased, between those
1 streets, but kept on burning between
Clinton and Canal streets, and from
r Canal street to the river. At Van Buren
street the fire crossed and burned what
was left in that vicinity by the fire of
Saturday night. -Everything on .the
river front, from Taylor street to Adams
street, was burned. Among the most
prominent buildings along-that side pf
the river were the Chicago Dock Com
pany, the St. Louis and Alton freight
depot, a large planing mill and sash
factory. "The "National Elevator, which
stood the test of fire all night, finally
A f l x 1
wugui num ujc intrust, livnbj MI1U
about three o'clock on Sunday morning
the building was one sheet of flame,
making one of the grandest spectacle
witnessed during the fire. The Adams
street bridge, which stood the fire of
Saturday night well, took fire about 12
o'ciock on ounoay- night, ana was
burned to the water's edge 'while stand
ing open. I'l'Vii
THE SOUTH SICE. t
AUUUH bl.J. V, J iug U1C nifi (.an
across the river in the neighborhood? Of
lay lor street, and swept everything m
its path. The Gas Works were' soon
consumed, and from thence north and
east the fiery element flew along with
unabated fury, taking everything in its
course.:--..:'
t THE HOTELS, sfir U'jl U
1- All the prominent Hotels of the pity
are in ruins The Pacific, Sherman,
Tremont, Briggs, Palmer, Bieelow,
iucuupuniau, iuatLeson, -Desiaesr uoz-
ens of other smaller caravanseries peat
tered over the East Side from the river
to the lake, and from Van Buten to
Water st. The destruction of piroperty
is most terrible, and the scenes "td be
...witnessed in the streets are
lf. i a if.11 1 i 1
heaiiding"teBttBiaeif--f course
is entirely .suspended, ana. everytning
on wheels which -can' bermade avilable
for purposes of moving, are pressed into
service tor getting gooas ous 01 me
reach of the devouring element. Wa
bash and Michigan avenues, as far
south as Twenty-second street, are lined
with household goods and mer
chandise, and guarded by weary
and weeping women and children.
Thousands of families are already ren
dered homeless, -and at! this hour (9
a. in. V" the '-fire is rapidly extending
southward from Lake street on the east
side of State street, and it seems more
than probable-that the entire district
north ot Van Buren and east of Clark:
streets will be destroyed. 1
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
building, which stood the heat tor a
long time, .came in for its place among
the list ot sutterers, and soon attor tne
fall of the Court House this handsome
building lay a mass of smoldering coals.
THE WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH OFFICE
building, was destroyed, as wm also the
whole block Adjoining on the north and
west ot the same.
pnivTiitn nrricil DESTROYED.
Xllof the dailv oaper offices are closed.
Tbo Joicrnai, Post, Republican and Times
r amoncr those destroyed. 1 ne jti-
bane building, being fire "proof, stood
the siege well, and will probably make
its appearance as usual to-morrow, ine
Stoats Zeitung (German), and Evening
Mail, which were in the same building
with the Evening Post, suffered the fate
of their neighbors The Auxiliary Print
ing House of A.N. Kellogg, together
with Spalding S Lemont's job ollice,
are in ruins. The job offices of Rand
McNally, Cameron, Amberg Hoff
man, Beach Barnard, Bounds
Kane, Culver. Page Hoyne, Jameson
Morse; and all ot the prominent job
offices of the city are gone.
THE COURT HOUSE
took fire about one o'clock, and at half-
past two" the old Court House proper
was enveloped in flames, the tall steeple
falling about 3 o'clock. The spire came
down with a crash, which increased the
furv of the. ..flames and created an in
sufferable heat for a great distance on
all sides of the square.
THE POST OFFICE,
after stemming the tide for hours, was
forced to surrender jto the names, and
about five o'clock-en Monday morning
it was completely gutted" by fare. All
thQ buildings adjacent to and in the vi
cinity 01 tne irost umce are m ruins;
THE NORTH SIDE.
The fire has crossed the river to the
North Side, and is devouring every
thing m its track, the fare engines being
powerless, the Water Works being de
stroyed and the city left without water.
The'city is at the mercy of the flames,
and all attempts to suppress them are
fruitlessJv U i
It is known that several deaths have
occurred, through various accidents
and roDj;the flames, but owing to the
indescribable confusion which reigns
everywhere it is impossible to arrive
with any degree ot accuracy at tne par
ticulars.
At five o'clock p. m., the fire was still
raging in the North Division and had
fetched as far as Chicago avenue,
sweeping away everything in its course.
To give a slight idea of how things
look, we can only say that the city from
J!a?riQfa street on the South Side to
the city limits on the North Side, and
lying between the river and lake east
and west, is but one mass ot rums.
This comprises a tract i varying irom a
mile to two miles in width, and over
five miles long. To this must be added
a large tract burned on -the, West Side,
which will make the fire the greatest
and most destructive ever known on
this continent.
from the Chicago Tribnhe. Oct. 11.
STILL LATER.
As early as three o'clock in the morn
ing of Monday, the people on the North
Side, or many of them, began to get a
Uttle nervous. The fire, moving north
'eastwafd, had gotten to Rush street
bridge, which was crowded with people,
Ins order to prevent this aiding
the fire in crossing, it was turned,
but the only result was the
DESTRUCTION OF THE PEOPLE UPON IT.
The hre crossed there, without pay
ing any attention to the removal of "the
bridge, and seizing -upon the frame
buildings, the warehouses, and the lum
ber yards, moved rapidly northward to
ward the Water Works. The people
living in that section, and north of
there, thought that the best place for
them to seek shelter ..was on the lake
shore, and they rushed that way, carry
ing with them what they could. They
very soon! found that they were there
between two deaths, the fire on one
side of them, and the water on the oth
er, into which the intense heat of the
fire was 7 driving them. Many lay
there, half in the water and half in the
sand, with their beads down in order
order to. get as touch air aa.they could.
The smoke driving .from the shore
made it almost impossible to live, but,
as they were surrounded on three sides,
Land there wre no boats, they remained
Where they were, and guttered as pa-
jaently as possible, -r'
THB'-TIRB REACHED THE"VirE WORKS
atr an-early 7 hour j and, the wooden roof
was soon in a name, ine men stayed
there as "long as they could, but were
compelled to .retreat' and! made their
escape along the- lake shore.
According to" "the "statement of 'the"
Tjihrarian. "Wm. Oorlrvan. whn wnjz
there at thei time, the .following persons
certainly sought refuge in the Chicago
Historical bociety .Building Old Col.
Stone and his. wife; Mr. and Mrs. Able
and their daughters, Mrs. De Pelgrom,
teacher: of French j Mr. and Mrs Car
penter,, musical people, Dr. Freer and
family,' two' patients "from "the hospital
in Mr. Kichards place, and John B,
Girafd and. family. Mr. Corkran is Cer
tain that old Col. Stone suffocated, and,
irom the sudden inrush ot dense smoke,
there is cause fof the fear that nearly
all the others who Were in there shared
the same fate, bewildered by the flames,
and unable to find their way out of the
building, with which they were un
acquainted.,;-a -r-y- f. -j
AT CHICAGO" AVENUEr
r' It was 10 o'clock when the fire got to
Chicago .avenue. The incredible rapidi
ty of the flames passed 'all comprehen
sion;" They sprang from side to side of
the street, and, skipping extensive
tracts, returned to complete their work.
It is reported, but not on the best
authority, that fifteen men were lost at
a blacksmith's shop on TJush street. All
these fires,- at 'whatever point tiey
crossed the river, soon united, and
swept- on unobstructedly-, northward.
The- people living north of Chicago
avenue' and west of La Salle street,
were exceedingly hopeful that they
would escape, but the flames, running
up Clark street, and catching Turner
Hall and the new building north of it,

worKea west, and got into the brick
blocks on the east side, of LaSalle, and
then jumped that street and got into
the blocks on the .west side. At about
the same time it crossed Chicago
avenue and caught McEwen's planing
mm, on w ells, near Pearson, and then
rushed on northward among the wooden
buildings situated there, blowing them
,doTva almost before they, were" on fire."'
II 11.1 IV C 1111 ,T.
1 f rora is.inxie street to. x uiierton ave
nue is thrrte railes.j At Chicago avenue,
the North Division is' a little over a mile
wideband is' still wider further north,
until at H uiierton avenue,! it is nearly
tvfo miles wide. .This vast ertent of
"territory is nearly, as desolate and empty
jas it was 50 years ago.. The only houses
remaining are. .the old Iowa elevator.
which tronts oritlie'bafeiri at the junc
tion ot the branches, and some ot the
low and insignificant frames on Kinzie,
down in that quarter. I he width ot
the river at that point, and the direc
tion of the wind Baved them. Ihe
tower at the Water Works remains, as
do the walls of the main building, but
it is minus a roof. A few houses were
also left on Division street, near the riv
er, and one block on Sophia street, near
the park. All tne rest nas disappeared.
The double engine at the water
Works is not seriously injured in itself,
but the foundations are in such condi
tion as to render running it dangerous.
The smaller single engine will require
extensive repairs. The larger single
engine is apparently uninjured. Wheth
er any of the engines can run depends
upon the cylinders, which may have
been sufficiently heated to put them
out of true.
The only buildings in the South Di
vision north of Harrison street are the
Avenue House, on Michigan avenue,
Lind's block, corner of Market and
Randolph streets, and two or three
houses adjoining the Avenue House.
INCENDIARIES KILLED.
The damnably depraved character of
some ot the ruthans ot the city was per
fectly illustrated on Monday and Tues
day nights, by attempts made to pro
mote! pillage by fires set by incendiaries
in difierent parts of the city. To the
credit of the inhabitants of the city, be
it said, the villains generally met with
the fate they deserved. The following
are some illustrations, rumored and
authentic:
A man, name unknown, was shot by
a negro at the corner of State and Ihir
ty-second streets. His offense was that
he set fire to a building to obtain better
opportunities tor pillage.
A woman was arrested lor setting nre
to a barn m the rear of a house on
Burnside street. By some mistaken
idea of clemency she was not hanged
lwo men, who were caught trying to
set fire to the Jesuit Church, on the
West Side, now sleep in the valley."
About noon yesterday, a barn in the
rear of a house on Burnside street, near
I wenrieth, was observed to be on hre,
Knowing it must have been the work
of an incendiary, the neighbors united
to extinguish it, falling everything they
could get hold of with sand. The fire
was extinguished and the incendiary
caught. It is stated that he was shot.
At about 11 o clock yesterday fore
noon a man residing on Fourth avenue
caught a man in the basement of his
house, equipped with hay and matches.
He gave the alarm, and the incendiary
was caught and stoned and battered to
death.
About 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon
a colored man, name unknown, ob
served a white man sneaking around
his house on Fourth avenue. He fired
the barn in the rear of the house, and
was instantly shot dead.
LOSS OF LIFE.
More than two hundred men, women
and children are missing, and it 13
feared the great majority have perished
ASSISTANCE,
Trains loaded with provisions from
all parts of the country are almost
hourly arriving, and large subscrip
tions in money have been received from
Cincinnati, St Louis, Milwaukee, De
troit and other places.
Gen. Sheridan has made requisitions
for 150,000 rations, and it is stated that
he has ordered l.UUU tents lor the use
of the houseless.
The churches and remaining public
buildings have been thrown open, and
but comparatively few are without shel
ter ot some kind,
Most of the railroads leading out of
the city have authorized the Relief
Committees to issue unlimited orders
for passes to the destitute who wish to
leave the city, and thousands are gladly
availing themselves of the opportunity.
TROOPS FOR PROTECTION.
Lieut. Gen. Sheridan has telegraphed
to Omaha and the military stations in
that section of country for 1,000 United
states troops, to be sent to Chicago at
once by special trains, lhese tioops
are expected to reach Chicago to day.
and will be distributed throughout the
remaining residence and business por
tions of the city as a protection against
incendiarism, robbery, pillage, etc. It
is not improbable that the city will be
placed under martial law.
INTERESTING TO THIEVES.
Circulars are posted in various por
tions of the city, of which the following
is a copy
Office of Itinkerton's Police.
Orders are hereby given to the Cap
tains, Lieutenants, Sergeants, and men
ot Jrinkerton s preventative police, that
are in charge of the burning districts,
in the South Division. Any person
stealing, or seeking to steal any of the
property in my charge, or attempting to
break open the sates, as the men can
not make arrests at the present time,
they shall kill the persons, bv my or
ders. No mercy shall be shown them,
but death shall be their fate:
ALLAN PINKERTON.
A PROCLAMATION.
The preservation of the good order
and peace and of the city is
hereby entrusted to Lieutenant- Gen
eral P. H. Sheridan, U. S. A. The po
lice will act in conjunction with the
Lieut. General in the promotion ot
the peace and quiet of t he city, and the
Superintendent of Police will consult
with him to that end.
Ihe intent hereot being to preserve
the peace ot the city, without lnterfer
ing with the functions of the city gov
ernment. K. is. .Mason, Mayor.
From tne cmcago evening rost, Oct. iz.
HORRIBLE MURDER.
While the terrible. lire was raging on
Monday afternoon, a triple and most
horrible murder was committed on the
northeast corner of Van Buren and
Halsted streets, bv avengeful Italian sa
loon keeper, named Pietro. He became
involved in a difficulty about some
change, with three men, one named
Reddy, another O'Brien, and the third
name unknown. Pietro became en
raged after a war of words and, seizing
a large kniie, lell upon the men with it
He stabbed Reddy through the right
lung, and he dropped dead in front of
the door. O'Brien and the other man
were also stabbed fatally, and died
shortly afterward. Pietro escaped ar
rest tor a time, but in the evening was
caught by the friends of the murdered
men, and, we learn, was literally hacked
to pieces. His wife, a vicious Irish wo
man, laughed when arrested, and told
that she had washed the knife Pietro
used, and then concealed it. The men
who were so wantonly killed were help
lessly drunk at the time, while Pietro
was nearly sober.
"CONDITION OF THE BANKS.
The bankers met yesterday afternoon
at the residence of Mr. C. T. Wheeler.
About eighty people were present, rep
resenting all the banks in the
city. Mr. W. F. Coolbaugh
stated that the banks had saved
cash enough to pay from 25 to 40
per cent, of their deposits, the insurance
companies would pay on an average 50
per cent., and this would almost insure
the payment of every dollar of their lia
bilities. It is likely that the banks will
resume business in their old locations,
For the present Wabash avenue, near
Twenty -second street, will be the Wall
street ot Chicago.
The aults of the Fidelity Safety De
posit Company in the Sherman House
Block have resv-ted the lire perfectly,
ana not even the paint has been iii-
colored. The President, Thomas B,
Bryan, was m his ofnee on the ruins
yesterday, and nearly a million
dollars haVe already been delivered to
depositors. This morning our reporter
saw a single package handed over con
taming 1U0,(.XKJ in currency.
Our reporter has been assured by an
officer of the Siate Sayings Institution
tnat their vaults are in good condition,
and their depositors will be promptly
paid as soon as they reopen.
Several parties have suffered much
loss from the great haste in opening
their safes. The heat had filled them
with inflammable gases, and when ex
posed to the air they immediately took
nre, and the contents, previously un
harmed, were totally destroyed before
their eyes. For this reason, most of the
banks will not attempt to examine their
vaults for some days.
AID FROM ABROAD.
Generous proffers of relief continue to
come in from all the cities of America,
and much that is needed have already
been donated. The contributions of the
various towns will be found below:
The City Council of Pittsburgh
pledged $100,000 at once, and private
subscriptions to the amount of $100,000
were made. Allegheny City showed a
liberality in proportion.
Louisville sent two fire engines and
$100,000 in private subscriptions. Much
more, in the way of supplies an. I money
subscriptions, will be contributed.
I he Common Council ot lerre Haute
sent several car loads of provisions.
Indianapolis sent two steam fare en
gines, with a corps of firemen and police
men, besides a most liberal supply of
provisions and money: $40,000 was
pledged Monday night, and the sub
scriptions continue.
Before 11 a. m. on the Oth, two car
loads of provisions were Bent from Cairo.
llalliday .Bros, gave 1UU barrels 01 hour,
and citizens filled a car with cooked
provisions.
Mr. Kobert lionner, ol the JSew xork
Ledger, has forwarded $10,000 to Mr.
John R. Walsh for distribution among
the journalists of this city who have
suffered by the fire. Mr. Walsh's office
is on Randolph street, above Jetterson
1 he city authorities of Memphis took
the matter of relief officially in hand
Kansas City appropriated $1,000, and
the citizens gave liberally.
The Board of Trade of U3wego gave
$2,000.
Leavenworth, bv official action and
by private subscription, gave $20,000, in
addition to liberal supplies ot lood.
The Mayor of Boston telegraphed
sympathy, and inquired in what way aid
could be rendered.
Cleveland raised subscriptions Mon
day to the extent of $10,000, and the
work continues.
Fort Wayne, herself threatened bv
a-pproaching prairie fires, gave $5,000
and car loads of cooked tood.
Toledo gave $7,000 Monday, and con
tinues the work.
A large and earnest meeting was held
Monday night at Evansville, Ind., and
liberal subscriptions of njoney and pro
visions made.
At a meeting of citizens at ColumVus,
O., on Monday, $10,000 was given, and
the private bakeries and that of the
penitentiary was set at work cooking
provisions, which were forwarded at
once.
The Wheeling City Council appro
priated $5,000.
On the reception of the news at
Washington, President Grant requested
feecretary felknap to telegraph to Gen
eral bheridan saying that it was the
President's wish that General Sheridan
should issue provisions and clothing
lrom the supplies he has at his disposal
and if these prove insufficient, to call
on the military authorities at St. Louis
for the same purpose. Secretary Belk
nap has ordered tents,
blankets, rations, and, in fact, every
thing in control of the War Depart
ment at Jeffersonville, to be furnished
to the sufferers at Chicago.
B. Gratz Brown, Governor of Mis
souri, issued a proclamation appealing
to the people ol the fetate to aid Chi
cago liberally in organizing relief com
mittees, sending on supplies, etc.
CITT VAULTS.
The vaults of the Board of Public
Works, in the Court House, have been
opened, and everything therein found
safe. The special assessment books are
preserved, so far as contents go, but the
binding is badly burned. The vault of
the city bookkeeper, Secretary of the
Board of Public Works and City Treas
urer are uninjured, but the Comptroll
er's and Citv Clerk's vault was ruined
There are $5,000,000 of the citv fund
in the Fifth National Bank vault, and
this is pronounced to be in a perfectly
good condition.
The city government nas given orders
for the immediate erection of a public
huildmg in the Court House square,
Workmen are already clearing off the
debris and building will commence at
once.
THE DEAD.
Of the seventy-one burned bodies de
posited at the morgue, in rear of No. 64
Milwaukee avenue, since Monday .sixty
four have been interred as utterly be
yond identification. Seven bodies still
remain, ot which one, that ot Mary Con
ley, corner of Market and Kinzie streets.
has been identified.
From the Chicago Erening Port, Oct. 13,
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
The river is again filling with vessels,
The fear of incendiarism is still
strong, and the volunteer patrol will
continue until a sufficiency ot water is
supplied.
it is computed that about ls.UUU
workmen are already engaged in clear
ing away the South bide ruins for busi
ness purposes.
At a meeting of the wholesale gro
cers, held yesterday, a resolution was
passed to the effect that no compromise
with creditors would be asked, and
that the wholesale grocers only want
time, and are determined to pay 100
cents on the dollar.
The Michigan Avenue Hotel has been
purchased and is managed by Mr.
Drake, of the Tremont; the Laclede
House, purchased only last week, by
Mr. Wentworth, of the Briggs the
Eagle Hotel, on West Madison street,
by Mr. Gage, of the Sherman, will open
on Monday.
1 he aouth bide city railway cars are
again running on btate street down to
their old starting place, between Lake
and Randolph streets.
PROCLAMATION BV THE GOVERNOR OF ILLI
NOIS.
State of Illinois,
,1
Executive Department,
John M. Palmer, Governor of Illinois. To
all whom tjese presents shall come
greeting.
Whereas, In my judgment the great
calamity that has overtaken Chicago,
the largest city of the State that has
deprived many thousands of our citi
zens of homes and rendered them des
titute that has destroyed many mil
lions in value of property, and thereby
disturbing the business 01 the people.
and deranging the finances of the State
and interrupting the execution of the
laws, is and constitutes "an extraor
dinary occasion" within thu true intent
and meaning of the eighth section of
the htth article ot the Constitution.
Now, therefore, I, John M. Palmer,
Governor of the State of Illinois, do by
this, my proclamation, convene and in
vite. the two Houses of the General
Assembly in session in the city of
Springfield, on Friday, the 13th day of
the month of October, in the year of
our Lord l&il, at 12 o clock noon ot
said day, to take into consideration the
following subjects
1. To appropriate such sum or sums
of money, or adopt such other legisl
tive measures as may be thought jud
cious, necessary, or proper, for the relief
ot the city of Chicago.
2. To make provision, by amending
the revenue laws or otherwise, for the
proper and just assessment and collec
tion of taxes within the city of Chicago.
3. To enact such other laws anil to
adopt such other measures as may be
necessary for the relief of the city of
Chicago and the people of said city,' and
for the execution and enforcement of
the laws of the State.
4. To make appropriations for the ex
penses of the General Assembly, and
such other appropriations as may be
necessary to carry on the State Govern
ment. In testimony whereof I have
hereunto set my hand and
caused the great seal of Stt to
seal be affixed. Done at the city of
bpnngheld, the 10th day of
October. A. D. 1871.
By the Governor John M. Palmer.
Ldward Rummell, Secretary of State.
From tha Chicago Evening Post, Oct. II.
FATAL ACCIDENT.
Yesterday afternoon while three la
borers names unknown, were removing
debris from the safe of A. A. Stone Sr.
Co., 153 South Water street, the east
wall of 149 tumbled upon them, bury
ing them completely. When their fel
low-workmen had removed the rums,
two were found dead, the third was
horribly mangled, and died while being
removed to the County Hospital.
THE MORGUE.
Seven dead bodies have been brought
to the Morgue since our last report.
When the ruins shall have been exam
ined, it is feared that many hundreds
more will be found.
Three bodies were found in a privy
vault on Bremer street, yesterday. The
deceased had been literally roasted
alive.
One hundred and two dead bodies
were recovered from the fire up to last
evening. The Coroner had up to that
time held 91 inquests. All the bodies
were burned beyond recognition.
TV, 1 I 1 1: I 1
mo umut-u uuuien nave ueen ouried
in the county burial ground.
bixteen bodies were found on one
block on Bremer street.
THE BURNED GRAIN.
A committee representing the owners
of the grain district, in the elevators, is
taking measures to save the wheat that
is left. The grain is still burning, but
engines have been engaged to extin
guish it, when the remains will be dis
posed of to the best advantage possible.
THE POST OFFICE.
Postmaster Eastman announces the
following For the purpose of rest, and
to afford time to such as have not found
or housed their families, this office will
be closed on Saturday night at 7 o'clock
and remain closed until Monday morn
ing at 7 o'clock. Each clerk and each
carrier will be required to report on
Monday, and on every da thereafter
promptly at the hour designated by the
Superintendent and foreman.
THE WATER SUPPLT.
from tho Chicago Tribune. Oct. 16.
Next to the supply of food to the
starving, and shelter to the perishing,
the question of water is the all-absorb
ing one. A feverish uneasiness upon
this subject pervades the entire city,
for no one can tell at what moment the
conflagration may be resumed in the
West or the remaining portions of the
South Divisions, with no power to check
the progress ot the names. Ihe steady
rain of Saturday afternoon and evening
was an inestimable blessing, as it filled
up cisterns emptied by the months of
dry weather, and enabled everybody to
collect a small stock of water against
the need which may arise any instant.
Still, our condition in this respect is
one of almost absolute helplessness,
since, with the exception of the dis
tricts immediately adjacent to the
river, the fire engines would be practi
cally useless in dealing with a fire.
A force of nearly three hundred of
the best machinists in the city has been
collected and divided into day and
night sets, so that the work is not al
lowed to nag lor an instant. A close
examination of affairs has revealed the
fact that the largest of the three en
gines the one situated in the northern
part ot the building is but slightly
damaged at least it can be fully re
stored, so that we are spared the long
and dangerous delay which would be
involved in case it were necessary to
put in an entirely new engine. Under
the able and sleepless supervision of
Mr. Cregier, Chief Engineer of the
Water Works, Mr. Chesborough, City
Engineer, and Mr. Locke, Assistant
Engineer in the Water Department, the
monster engine is being rapidly and
thoroughly overhauled in all its parts
by the army of skilled niechanics.which
has been organized for the purpose.
The complicated machine, with its wil
derness of details and connections, is
being completely atomized, each separ
ate part, no matter how minute, under
going the most rigid scrutiny and re
pair. Nothing is slighted or hurried
over, for upon the integrity of the parts
depends the utility of the whole. For
tunately, the foundations were not dis
turbed, and the engine can be repaired
as it stands. The pumps beneath, and
the connections with the lake tunnel,
are for the most part intact, only re
quiring repacking and retouching. All
these ramifications had been more or
less injured, to be sure, but not so much
so but that the engine can be set in
operation, and continued until other ar
rangements can be perfected.
The capacity of the engine upon
which we must depend for our water
supply during the next six months at
least, is eighteen millions of gallons per
day, which will be more than sufficient
to give the remaining portion of the
city an entirely adequate supply of
water, with as strong a head as ever be
fore. Direct connection will be made
with the South Side through the twenty
four inch main which crosses the liver
at State street bridge while the great
main along Chicago avenue and passing
through the tunnel under the north
branch at that point, will provide for
the West Division as before. The un
burnt district ot the North Side will be
supplied through the North Clark street
main.
Everybody is intensely eager to know
the precise day and hour at which the
supply of lake water will be renewed.
For fear of disappointment by reason
ot some difficulty not now contemplat
ed, the Board of Public Works desire
that no explicit promise be made as to
the time. Enough, however, was learn
ed by our reporter, .on yesterday, to
warrant the stafement that by the mid
dle, or, at the furthest, the latter part,
of the present week, the large engine
at the Water Works will be in running
order, furnishing the city with a com
plete supply of pure lake water.
The water tower, adjacent to the
Water Works, and to the top of which
the water is forced for the purpose of
giving to it the head requisite to carry
it to the upper stories of buildings, is
wholly uninjured, and stands in readi
ness to perform its important part. The
time required to repair the engine will
be profitably employed elsewhere by
setting to work a large force of laborers,
under competent supervision, to detach
connecting mains and service pipes in
the burnt districts, bo that there will be
no waste when the water is turned on.
THE BANKS.
A meeting of the officers of the Na
tional Banks of Chicago was held at the
office of the Third National, 4 6 Wabash
avenu?, Sunday evening, Oct-lxr 15th,
at fix o'clock, for the purpo.se of con
ferring with Mr. Hulburd, Comptroller
of the Currency.
J. Irvine Pearce was called to preside,
and Henry Greentbaum was elected
Secretary. A full exchange o. views
touching the condition Of the Chicago
banks as affected by the late great fire,
was had, and it was" ascertained, upon a
comparison of liabilities and resources,
that all the banks were perfectly sol
vent, and would resume business at
once. The only delay acked by any of
the banks was for sufficient time to
convey their safes from the ruins to the
new places of business, and to arrange
their books and office furniture.
After a general discussion, on motion
of Mr. Blair, of the First National, the
resolution heretofore passed, to pay fif
teen per cent, cash immediately, was
unanimously rescinded.
Mr. Coolbaugh then offered the fol
lowing preamble and resolution, which,
after full discussion, was unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, The books and treasures of
all the National Banks in the city, the
safty of which was to some extent un
certain when the resolutions of the 12th
inst. were adopted, have been recovered
intact; and
Whereas, A careful examination of
our assets since that time has convinced
us not only of our entire solvency but
of our ability to carry on our business
as usual without delay therefore
lUsolved, That all the National Banks
of this city will open their doors at the
temporary offices now occupied by them.
for the transaction of business, on the
17th inst, at 10 o'clock, a. m.
CARD FROM THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CUR
EENCr. T the Public: Having ascertained,
from personal investigation, that the
National Banks of Chicago are solvent
institutions, and that, notwithstanding
the late fire, they are able and ready to
pay an just claims on presentation, 1
hereby announce that the National
Banks of Chicago will open their doors
for the transaction of business, as usual,
on Tuesday, the 17th inst., at 10 a. m.;
and I hereby express my belief in their
ability to meet all their legitimate en
gagements on demand.
H. R. Hulburd.
Comptroller of the Curntuy.
CHICAGO, OCl. 1, JSlI.
THE NEWSPAPERS.
It is not generally known, though it
is a fact, that all Chicago newspapers
that have appeared since the calamity
in that city, have been printed upon the
presses of the Chicago Newspaper
Union. No other steam presses were
left from the flames ready for instant
operation. Besides doing the press
work for daily papers, the Newspaper
Union printed, without delay, the reg
ular editions of 200 weekly newspapers,
not disappointing a single one. The
first paper issued after the fire, and con
taining an account of it, was The News
paper Union of Monday morning. Mr,
Aiken!, President of the company, who
was in New York at the time of the
fire, upon learning of the calamity, pur
chased a full newspajer outfit, in addi
tion to the large one now used bv the
Union, and five fast presses, which were
shipped at once, and will be immediate
ly put in operation, and kept running
night and day to their Tull capacity.
With a view to increasing business and
assisting his unfortunate neighbors, the
manager ot tne Union, Mr. btrong,
secured ample room, while the great
nre was raging, and at the close of the
present week they will have their new
presses ready for operation, and be pre
pared to fill all orders promptly, both
lor papers and press work.
THE POST OFFICE.
Last night Postmaster Eastman assembled
his force of overworked and faithful men and
made the following address, preparatory to
the order which we published in our first edi
tion, closing the office from to-night until
Monday morning:
I want to announce to you an agreeable
conclusion to which 1 have come, but before
doing sol reel that it is my grateful duty to
thank you, one and all, for your perfect fidel
ity and wonderful fortitude in this time of
great labor and trial through which our com
munity is passing. The Postmaster General
promptly telegraphed words of profound sym
pathy with this office and the people of this
city, at the same time liberally clothing me
with all requisite power and discretion toward
re-establishing the rostofhee. Then to the
efforts so resolutely and intelligently put forth
by Assistant Postmaster Squires, by Chief
1ierlc btewart, Mr. Ulewry, superintendent
of the free delivery, David Green, night so-
perintenaent, Air. Hubbard, local agent, and
the rest, far more than anything I have done
or could do, are largely owing to comparative
success that has rewarded our exertions to
bring affairs out of the late terrible confu
sion. Special Agent Ellwell and Col. Wood,
Assistant Superintendent of the Railway Pos.
tal Service, who have vigorously co-operated-are
equally entitled to thanks, and let me not
forget to mention brave and jolly Jo. Carpen
ter. To be sure this is a dismal place, too
small ana insecure to De occupied a day Ion
gcr than can be helped: but spacious and
comfortable quarters will soon be provided,
and all expedition shall be used in the work
of transferring ourselves. Mr. Bangs, Super
intendent ot the Railway Postal Service,
whose calm, good sense always inspires cour
age, and Mr. Petherbridge, an experienced
and able special agent from Washington, and
Mr. Knapp, Superintendent of Mails ot the
New York office, are still with ns and will re
main to aid as until all is once more restored
to order. I counsel you, therefore, to keep
up your strength and hope. The people will
reward you with their commendations. It
should be our great endeavor to now serve
better than ever before the people of this city
of Chicago, which has so prosperous and
proud a past, and so secure and brilliant fu
ture.
MBDILDIRO.
Preparations have oeen made to rebuild
the following buildings at once: Pope's
block, on Madison; Armour's building on the
north side of Lake Park; brake Farwell's
block, on Wabash avenue; Kendall's build
ing, on the corner of Dearborn and Washing
ton streets; the Chamber or commerce;
the Potter Palmer Hotel, on Monroe and
State, and many of Mr. Palmer's buildings
on state streef nonn or Monroe. The
Palmer House will also be- constructed at
once; the Union National Bank will rebuild
this fall or early in the spring; the State
Savings Bank has contracted for the brick,
and will have a building up and occupied
speedily. In fact there is scarcely a olock
in the burned district on which buildings will
not be erected immediately. If the winter is
not more than usually severe, the advent of
spring will witness very substantial progress
District."
VISITING THE KC1SS.
Hie South Side for the last two days
has been decidedly the most promising
portion of the city. The magnificent
residence portion of the city left un
burned has been rapidly turned into
city of the present, and the city of the
past has shown encouraging signs of
recuperation. Sufficient time has now
elapsed to enable the houseless firms to
get into new quarters, and the result
has been that about every second house
has hung out a sign, and the large firms
or the past are getting into temporary
offices with what stock remained to
them. The banks have taken the lead
and nre now nearly all situated within
a radius of ten "blocks from the corner
of Harrison street and Wabash avenue.
It is perhaps the most enoouiaging
sign for the future that nearly, every
mercantile house in the city lias hung
out its sign and purposes to do whut it
can in the way of business.
On yesterday the crowd of Fiehtseers,
which has been very large every day
since the fire, increased to that extent
that passage was almost impossible. 1 he
omnibus and car hr.es, both of which
have re.-umed nearly all their routes,
had more business than they could fairly
transact, and at no time for years has
there been so large a crowd in the
streets as on yesterday. Men, women,
and children crowded the streets, and
vied with each other for a chance to get
run over bv the numerous hacks and
equipages which crowded the streets.
The relief work, the most important
element in the city's welfare at present,
has not been interrupled at all, and will
not le discontinued at present. One of
worst features of the work has been,
and mupt continue to be, the thievish
tendency of parties who wish to prosti
tute the noble charity of the American
peonle to the puriioses of gain. There
can be no doubt that many of the appli
cants for nid are not deserving of
a-fist,-mce, but should be punished for
their ingratitude. The devery of the
whole relief business in the Chicago
Relief and Aid Society has given great
satisfaction, and the feeling is general
tnat tne work will be well done and the
munificent gifts worthily distributed.
humors or the rixx.
People are not only as cheerful as
could be expected under the circum
stances, but, with all due regard to the
suffering which demands their sympa
thy, they do not refrain from an occa
sional pleasantry. Indeed, as every one
among us has been chastened by
affliction, everybody claims the right to
indulge in jocose remarks when occa
sion suggests them.
One merchant, who found his safe
and its contents destroyed, quietly re
marked that there was no blame
attached to the safe; that it was of
chilled iron, and would have stood, but
that the nre had taken the chill all out
A firm of painters on Madison street
bulletin their removal as follows, on
sign-board erected like a guide-board
upon the ruins of their old establish
ment:
MOORE A GOE.
Hocss axd Sign Pai.vties.
Removed to 111 Desplaines st..
Capital, $000,000,30.
An editor ot a daily paper has re
ceived several poetical effusions sugges
ted by the late disaster; but he declines
them all, on the ground that it is
wasteful to print" anything which
requires every line with a capital, when
capital is as scarce as it is in Chicago,
A bride who entered the holy mar
ried state on Tuesday evening
determined to do so in a calico dress, in
deference both to the proprieties and
the necessities of the occasion. But she
desired that her toilette de chambre should
be, if possible, on a more gorgeous
scale. Being destitute of a robe de nvit
of suitable elegance, she sent out to sev
eral neighbors of her temporary hostess
to borrow such a garment, stipulating
that it must be a fine one. So peculiar,
however, is the feminine nature,
that her modest reouest excited
no enthusiasm irt her behalf among the
ladies to whom it came. This is not a
joke.
A signboard stuck in the ruins of a
building on Madison street, reads Ow
ing to circumstances over which we had
no control, we have removed," etc
THE SITCATIOM.
The rain of Saturday night, the sys
tematic work commenced by the Relief
Society, the rebuilding movements in
the burnt district, the orderly conduct
of the more needy sufferers, the pres
ence of the military, the discovery that
the cylinders of the great pumping en
gines are unharmed, and will surely be
at work in a short time, and finally the
resolution ot the banks to resume pay
ments in full on Tuesday have com
bined to put a more cheerful aspect on
affairs. After the excitement and terror
and loss of rest of the past week, there
will, perhaps, be a temporary reaction.
but it win bring a renewal of strength
and hope and the disciplined forces of
reconstruction will commence work in
earnest. The knowledge we now have
that the worst is over is itself of un
speaKaDie importance, lor, while every
mind was strung upon t he dread of new
fires no really efficient labor could be
performed by anybody.
When, on last Wednesday, we called
upon the people of Chicago to cheer up
we did not appreciate, or estimate the
force of character that was in them. Our
citizens have displayed a noble heroism.
worthy of the abounding charity that
has been showered upon them. 1 hey
have shown capacity to help themselves,
and that alone is worth everything in
the way of re-establishing their credit
and procuring the necessary capital to
build up again. Let them go on as they
have begun, not calling on Congress, or
the goo, tor donations, or stay laws,and
they will come out of the fire right side
up, and presently we shall have our
Chicago again, noble and more beauti
ful than before.
The railways that have done so much
for us, will do more than ever before.
Too much praise cannot be bestowed
upon upon the officers and employes of
these great establishments, for their
coolness, efficiency, and discipline in
this time of danger and trial. Nor
should the telegraph men be overlooked
in awarding thanks and praise. They
found their instruments gor.e, their
wires dowa and tangled in damnable
confusion, no office, no implements,
nothing left but their experience and
their American energy. Yet in a few
hours they had the whole country in
formed ot" their situation and aroused
the whole civilized world to our relief.
With tears for the dead and dying.
with sorrow and tender care for the
maimed ar d sick, with faith in God
and stout hearts in our breasts, we now
begin to clear away the ruins.
DISTRIBUTION OF EELIET.
As was to have been expected, the
wasteful and indiscriminate distribution
of supplies during the last week has
drawn so largely upon the stock on
hand, and leaving out what may be re
ceived in the meantime, there are not
supplies enough on hand to last more
than four or five days. The interven
tion of the authorities was not by any
means too soon, (t will take the Aid
and Relief Society several days to get
into thorough working order, but even
already things have improved. The
trouble is not with thedestitute so much
as with the thousandswhohave sutlered
no special loss, but who have adopted
the policy of living on the public.
1 hese people, lusty men and women,
have drawn largely upon the stock of
supplies, and are crying out loudly
against being cut off. Hundreds of men
and women have left employment, as
suming that they wete to be fed and
clothed by the public, and many live
without labor.
The railroad companies bad their lib
eral offer to convey the destitute to
other places so grossly abused that they
had to demand that the authority to
its. ue passes should bo confined to some
responsible parties, who would discrim
inate between those entitled and those
who were not. In the same manner
the committees from the various cities
which sent hither supplies have wit
nessed the irresponsible manner in
which they were distributed, and justice
to the donors demanded that the whole
business should be reduced to a system,
in which the really suffering should be
protected. Committees have been ap
pointed to furnish lumber to those who
have been burned out, with which to
erect new habitations. Nothing can or
ought to be given to those who have
not been burned out. Committees
have been appointed to take charge of
the distribution of supplies to those
who have been burned out and who
have no other present means of sub
sistence. Committees have been ap
pointed to find employment for all
who stand in need of it, and though
this committee can find places in res
pectable families, at liberal wages, for
1,000 women, the refusals of such
places have been in the proportion of
six to each acceptance.
Free food and clothing have been
preferred to self-supporting labor.
There are 1 ,000 men wanted to-day to
labor, at good wages, in the burnt dis
trict, but, so long as there is free food
and free clothing, they cannot be had.
It is an' abuse of charity to distribute
the gifts of the charitable people among
men who refuse to work at good wages,
and who prefer to eat the bread belong
ing to the destitute who cannot work.
This committee will, in a few days, have
a complete record of every sufferer by
the fire, and none of the supplier will
be given to any other persons. None
others are entitled to these supplies,
and no person should recommend any
r: rTOpienie ot tnose sup
plies unless they be suflferers-by the
Every person in Chie
female, in want of employment can get
it, without fee. by applying to the labor
committees. Every person who suffered
oy in- nre. and in need or supplies, can
get them by leaving their names and
residence with the proper committee.
The receipt of surdies- from &Vm.1
will necessarily be reduced every day,
and in the meantime the 'contributions
of money will be held sacred until ne
cessary to be used to purchase food,
fuel, clothing, and shelter. The neces
sity for a careful distribution will be
obvious, when it is remembered that
the winter is close at hand, j
To the generous people all over the
land we send the assurance that the
supplies they have sent or may send
shall be judiciously distributed among
the suffering victims, and that the
money they have sent or may send will
be used economically for the sacred ob
ject for which it was intended. By far
the larger part of the sufferers are aided
by their personal friends until such
times as they can take .care- of them
selves. These, the most deserving class
of all the sufferers, have not been seen
at the supply depots, and are struggling
with scanty food and little clothing un
til they can get something of th'eir own.
These people should be encouraged to
make themselves known,- and. such aid
extended as will lighten their tempo
rary wants.
The Mayor and the Aid Society have
a laborious task before them. .They de
serve the public thanks for their inter
ference, and the public appeal to them,
in behalf of the suffering, to vigorously
exclude every form of irresponsible ac
tion by any iierson holding official po
sition, or otherwise, in the management
of this great work for the care and sup
port of the poor.
rum STATE LEGISLATES K. 1
The committee of Chicago citizens appointed
to meet the joint Legislature of Illinois at
standard Hall, at 3 o'clock this afternoon,
came together in good tune. The Sen
ate and House of Representatives were
also in attendance, Lieut. Gov. Doherty
presiding. Hon. J. P. Root acted as, Secre
tary. Gen. Logan, Chairman of .the committee,
presented a report favoring, 1.- That the Illi
nois ana Michigan canal be given to the
State, on condition that the latter
pays to this city the .sum of
$2,500,000, the amount-- expended
in improving said canal. 2. That the Legis
lature take under immediate advisement the
reconstruction of the Courts of Record in Cook
county. 3. That the election laws relative
to the burned districts be so revised as to
give satisfaction to all eouoeruod.
speeches were made by Gen. Logas, Hon.
S. S. Hayes, Senator Fuller and others.
Un motion or Hon. a. 11. J add the whole
matter was referred to the General -Assembly,
which convenes at Springfield on Mon
day morning. The Joint meeting then ad-
jouraed.
9 SEW TORE.
New York. Oct. 14. The Committee of
Seventy, last night, discussed means of ob
taining an honest count at the next election.
A convention of all anti-Tammany men is
announced for this evening. A new feature
of the reform movement is the organization
of a Young Men's Reform Association,
which took place last night. Ex-Judge Bar
rett was elected President. These reformers
comprise the best young men in the city, en-
tnusiasuc in tne cause. -i
The Reform Democracy last evening per
fected arrangements for primaries for the
next election.
The Deputy Controller responds to the de
mand of Inspectors of Sewers and Pavements
for their pay, that payment has been stopped
by Barnard's injunction. Besides there are
no funds.
The city papers are publishing accounts of
the Chicago fire given by residents of that
city who arrived here.
The Republican Central Committee last
night received a report from the committee
who waited upon the Mayor that that official
refused a conference concerning the inspec
tors of election.
A movement is contemplated to secure a
proper counting of ballots on election
day.
A receiver has been appointed for the Stuy
vesant Bank, which has been compelled to
suspend. An official report will be presented
soon.
Contributions for the Chioogo suffewSrs still
continue to pour from every quarter. It is
estimated that the sum total of this city's
contribution, up to last night, had
reached nearly $1,200,000 in cash
and supplies.
The medical profession propose to provide
relief for doctors who are sufferers.
The Times says that the cheerful spirit
and brave words of the Chicago newspapers
are heartily indorsed by the whole country;
that it is folly to deny that the consequences
are very serious. The swiftness and. splen
dor with which she will be rebuilt will be one
of the wonders of the world, but the moneys
to be paid therefor must not be taken from
her smouldering ashes.
The newspaper press of the city are asking
that some organized effort be set on foot to
help suffererers by the fires in Michigan and
Wisconsin.
The Northwest SntTerers.
The Mayor of Milwaukee has ad
dressed a communication to the news
papers of Wisconsin and Minnesota,
asking them to advise, the", people
among whom they circulate against for
warding contributions to Chicago "un
til after a full consideration of all the
sufferings of the Northwest, when aid
could be applied to the' uses which
should then seem most imperative."
This is judicious advice. According to
all accounts the loss of life and prop
erty in the burnt districts of Wisconsin,
Michigan and Minnesota has been-quite
as severe upon the population called
upon to bear it as that which h:tK drawn
to Chicago the comraisseration of the
whole civilized world. Al the' same
time the remoteness of the afflicted
quarters at the north from news centers
will prevent their afflictions from be
coming so well understood by the world
at large as those of Chicago. The char
ity of our friends in Wisconsin and Min
nesota should not forget those, whose
claim upon it is first in order; nor can
Chicago properly accept any munifi
cence to which others have a better
claim, notwithstanding our own needs
are so imperative and the provisions on
hand are actually limited to a few clays'
Size bob, Cottos Yarn. The follow
ing size is recommended "by a German
chemist as especially adapted lor fine
cotton chain yarns: One ounce of
gum arabic is dissolved in three Ounces
of water by boiling, and two ounces of
wax are added. This mixture is then
well ttirrcd, and when cold appears as
a pale yellow paste, which, is to be add
ed, while hot, to a dressing made of
five pounds of best wheat JfiourThis
size makes the chain durable-! and
smooth, and never crack, fvrrr dtrring
the greatest heat of summer time.
To Prevent Boilek Exriosioxs. The
record of English patents show one de
signed to prevent explosions of steam
boilers, which at this time, whenpjiblic
attention is called to that subjttfby the
Westfield horror, may be worth notice.
This improved means of preventing ex
plosions consists in providing a bole in
the upper part of the boiler, and cover
ing the same with a material (India
rubber for example) of -sufficient
strength to withstand ordinary pres
sure, but which will 'give Way fend al
low of the escape of steam under exces
sive pressure. The India rubber is
clamped to the boiler by a flangudulie
formed for the purpose.
It is by the promulgation of sound
morals in the community, and, mere es
pecially by the training and instruction
of the young, that woman perform rher
part toward the preservation of 'a free
government. Webster.
I'A'SL'dti v. wrrziM