1 1 1 i l L2r
J5-
,v
r
4
8tll2i01i2f.ti5Kt
last evening at G3J tor win issues.
Cotto "continues ib' decline "ih. 'New
Aim '-"'to vmvi tj ate
13 toRT
atoginTaEipuquartcra-10'.setur8 botlinmMi'dH.r21Accounts from
-finvionffdinc3ffli5ilfJ,We sliall not
1
TtffiviwsM a i
1 1 h-Ma
The Cumberland, and QliiOjsRjtiiroadiuaJ-;
petitionedtho City CouncO nffcLoulsvllle to
-III.. -.V... 1 -r T 'V.
Hi "i oi.uauou
aud-BurksvnierKT.-.and'SpartarTenn. An
.iwelccIiQaSKirbe' ordered oifthe"petition.
'-niiVYashingtoni correspondent ,of the her lying at the wharf. Ho qv
fiidnnatLEWufra: J&L SmSV yi
innatysiiufret ,saysi.On ilonday
CT expected tthat the Supreme Court will
read tieMcxasionffinnlng the constitution-
rality,of Iho Legal-tender .acU
,Thffvfactof I
term, but the full opinion of the mSotfM
ui luuiuiuj j.u.c. uujvu
minAjftrtcntA .InUvn.l ill 4if0 Inimi
rne aecision, it will be remembered, reverses
the former one, which declared the law tin-
Ix Noble county, Ohio, there was ajle for
hjLecisIatare. .luryintonJcouhty the
EuiepubuHnlcVuTdidate received a'majorily of
but four votes. In nishland the majority
was but 6. In" Hardin and "Knox counties.
ItTtaH w3mR-rnhablV Jess than, W:
?j"f.Li-. iirt nfft
in oaoto exjumj 11. was winv xiv. jikjc
ftow Aoic purely accidental Wis that the
Republicans have any majority blithe Gen
eral Assembly of Ohio.
tC!Lt l
iv a rfi nn nmra 1 niTii -i in v i'iuiiiiiuu
1 j -7
the Democratic party as at present organized,
and argues learnedly from tbe Result of (the
recent Qliio.elecUoiUrSeEhe assertarinlthe
abpws that our defeat was jgwely acci
dentaL" Vhat need, then, for a change of.
poUcy or of principles?
,Thk disease .whjch for. some time past
has prevailed among the cattle, sheep and
8wine in England,.shovfs'!no signs of aba-'
tmg.1 r From statistic" -atllantf it is asJer
talned tliat-tha i ,disea'scat present prevails
In abont fifty English counties. In Scot
land; also, it'exists in about twenty-three.
,t ,NptwithStandingthat ,Jn" manyjldistrlcU
throughout Greal'lintdn'exe'rtions areibe
ing mado to thechc 'prSgress of the dis
ease, the exertians so far have proved frp.it
les3. It is a strange fact that, although the
foot and mouth disease has been knowri in
m the cotmty of Norfolk for the last thirty
years, no effectual remedy has yet been dis-
cpvere J by which its ravages can be stayed.
f2CKOPEAVS INVESTING IS THIS
COCSTRT.
The New York yews says the recent re
,fpdft that the imperor CXapoleon is negotiat
ing for an estate on Long Island may hot
be true, but it is very probable that his ex-
"Maje&ty has been investing his surplus gains
from time to timo in American securities
and" American real estate. In doing so,
t adds the. JYocs, he would only be following
the example of almost numberless royal
1 personages and people of quality in the Old
World. Ex-Queen Cliristina, of Spain,
another of Isabella, it is known lias several
jniffions invested here, and-, "soma
tor
money is in a largo manufactory near Phila
1
delphia. She.is .said to, be treating for la
valuable piece of property on this island,
which the owner holds at $4,000,000: The
statement was made years ago that Prince.
-Albert and his wife owned blocks
of houses in New York, the deeds
.staadihg in the iuunes of confidential agents.
The same has been asserted of "the Orleans
family and the Imperial house of Kussia.
The inducements to royalty to salt down
their money in America are nt only the
'iarger.rate of interest derived from invest
""ments here, but the certain security from
the storms which blow over the monarchi
cal countries of Europe, carrying confiscation
In tbeir sweep. Irt these troublous times
but few of the Royal families feel that their
cofouets are safely on their heads. The
first rude disaster to their dynasty or their
country may drive them forth stripped not
'oniyWf.. crown, but home and property
How comforting the .assurauce to them
must be tliat beyond the ocean there is a rcr
treator which they will have to be behol-
den to no man.
GRANT'S SUBSCRIPTION.
Ohe Uy; Devil Ills Bne" Who Pays
the Money T
To the Editors of the Union and American
Atlanta, Ga, Oct. 18. In yesterday's
paper you stated that President Grant has
riot given a dollar towards the relief of the
Chicago sufferers. I'lease allow mo td
vcprrecfyou. He headed the subscription
at Washington with a cash donation of one
J Uiousaud dollars. H. V. R.
"i"rom the Xevr York Sun (Kadlcal) Oct. 18.
President Grant lias just subscribed one
thousand dollars toward the relief of tbe
Chicago sufferers, and the question arises
who it is that piys the money, and what is
the consideration
About.two years ago President Grant sub
scribed one thousand dollars toward the
fund for the family of that noble-hearted
hero, Gen. Jolui A.- Rawlins, thpn recently
''deceased. It wa3 afterward proved that
this sum, which was subscribed by Gen.
Grant and paid in his name, was in reality
paid by James Fisk, Jr., and Jay Gould.
nn. Grant nretendud to" cive it, and had
t. the reputatiou of giving it, but ho did Tiot
famish a cent of it; Gould and Fisk paid
the whole,' while he got the glory of liber-:
ality toward the family of his devoted
adviicr and adjutant. At that
time lie was very intimate with Gould
,5?TfltFisk, In fad there is every reason to
believe tliat they were engaged together in
the celebrated conspiracy to put upme price
f m.l.t and it was on account of the in
timate relation's thus created between them
(hut Klsk and Gould were willing t i pay the
mnnflir for their frieud and associate. Since
ffn ilir h.ive uuarrcUed. and it is certain
VthiV Fisk and Gould liave not had anything
to do with the paying ot Grants Uiousanu
dollar for Chlcauo. But inasmuch as his'
.first charitable donation of a thousand.
dollars was proved to be a matter of false
pretences, the public will be likely to believe
that such is tke case with the present dona
tion. Who was it tint really paid this thou-
'Baud dollars
ALPINE mnrroHic
A man'fr&tlv New Enulaiid critic, in the
last number of Mi generally clover periodi
cal, "the Galaxy, after describing "The
BigClW i 'apers as inu iuut iiuiuiurci.uir
Vrihntlau to the literature of this century,'
nnndw as 41 a line and delicate touch'' of
Bret' Harte, thci marvellous lines 011 the
Alps:
Tlis few Unto- pea Wit were jccilne
lre surtH"nUiiiig like tliis in'Eiy
llshunlitesJtbciliBiullowiugfiflin a recent
Alpine traveler:
Jt-Tliti pure nwr is spread like a perpetual
missid-rtoth, aid night and day, sunrise
and'sunset an- the' ministersng pnests, with
silence for the Liturgj- except when.ava
linclic, or crack iug glacier or crag,thunder
incdown at t'w toucli of the sunbeams
rotden fiiiger, Jrcak tlw stupendous Jiush
with a voice proclaiming tbe -power of the
Creator.
mw 1 V
'A'-girl nine years of ase arrived at a
town iu central Iowa, recently, liaving trav
ledunpntectcdallthe way from western
jCansasanti nrnigmg ueriwo bnita'wiu
an InCtnUAVhicli she carried in- her arms,
and the other three vears old
Wail prnUrrated to Kansas,
Her parents
and both died
tberCjii'l ihe returned to Iowa
igSKJBESHBcr pq&sfo 1835; mm ammwrMR.,
The Good Sine ofGeorgla-Vlndieated.
ffeorria sav that Judsre Erskinhas detenu
ined to show that there h no occasion for
1. nM,,M nf i!lUinp .Ilia nfRpri Tin tn
r 1 mtj iji cacuvo jwa
nested aUegd:Kujuist3 by scores
I fha tinvmf i4 rF flirt Xtflfi
elScial Account of tbe Gloucester Kb
.TfaSjCoBftcto&oC CustomsiataGloiicestor
has officially notified the Secretary 01 the
ilCMlU V Ul MJC LI.U.V
dwd,A. Hortombyfjlhe Dominion cutter
Sweepstakes for .alleged violation of the
Canadian fishing laws: The bwner went to;
uuysDoro u iook niter 111s vessel uuu luunu
110 quieuyand
vessel and
sailed for Gloucester. There has em
rno? .p6ndemnatfon oftlie vessel byj.h
English courts.
Tbe Steamboat Lan,
Solicitor BanBeld decides the steamboat
1 0
except rerrj'boats, can accommoaate, anu
greatemnraberisTiot to be allowed, lie
suggests the enforcement of these require
ments.; ,J'
Katler's Plan to ClrcamvcBt Greeley.
Special to'thelibil&TlUe Ledger.
During his repent- visit-here, among dtjifir
thlncirutler developed a plan to Grant,
which the latter, thinks will head 'off
Gree!eT)sripresidential movement, and bring
lamoriyenely'tlie'llepublicaar party
inSNevriYork." Butler is-of-tpinlon that
Fenton should be nominated for Viccr
President, which position he; thinks t the
latter rrtnld ha induced' to 'accent. He as-
serts that, Conkling could find nqfculfcwIH?
1 ims proceeamg, as urn y ii-jrr;aiut:uuj a a
t a. 1 it:.. 1 :n
and is eenerallv fatal to the man wlio occu
Mes- iu -Jiut-eren u me- utica taiesman
hould crumble at this arrangement, Butler
ainrms lie wouiq not aare to oreaKinenu
ship with Grant, as his only strength now
consists on the support given him by the
Administration. Butler is of the opinion
that tGreeley has no substantial political
strength -whatever, and this arrangement
would also force him to follow Fenton's
palitical fortunes under the banner of
:GranU -Tbe
Free&mea's Bareaa Delnlcatlott.
There is still no reply to the charge made
that Gen. Balloch, of the Frcedmen's Bu
reau, had half a million dollars on deposit
iu United States bonds. Balloch pleads
guilty to only having a sum of $250,000,
which he says was in the Treasury Depart
ment, and which was found there, but there
ia a mysteryabout the bonds in the Safe
Deposit Company, for which no explanation
is offered.
Lesa-or-Ylrglnla to the Republicans.
The Radicals give up the impending elec
tion in Virginia as hopeless. Several of the
carpet-bag leaders, such as Porter and Piatt,
have got mto quarreling among themselves,
and, as in other Southern States, have ap
pealed to the administration for support.
iIarshalSharp, the President's brother-in-law,
who farms his office hero in this dis
trict for $10,000 a year, has not been con
sulted in the present canvass, and perhaps
this may account for the confusion In the
Radical camp.
NEW YORK.
Ttao City Canvas.
New loisir, Oct. 21. Win. JSL. Evarts
last night addressed a meeting of citizens
in convention on the reform questic-n, say
ing the way to destroy the city plunderers
was the election of upright legislators.
The Chairman of the Uemocratic state
Committee announces that harmony lias
been secured upon the State ticket. r
The Yhiinir Men's' Municipal Reform As
sociation says it does not indorse the candi
dates of any party, iU special object being to
secure fairness in the election.
Brjnnan's defection .will be very injurious
to Tammany, and -other prominent Tam
many men are expected to follow his ex
ample. Chandler, who has been neretoiore me
Tweed-Tammany candidate for Register.
will probably be dropped by the Tammany
politicians, iney sougni 10 uommue a
German, to Influence German votes.
It Is believed that the ureeiey representa
tives will give their active support to the
nominees of the reform Democrpcy.
The de enates of the Democratic Union
(Roosevelt) party and Democratic' Refeim
(Ledwith) party to-night adopted the fol
lowing ticket: Supreme Court, Judge
Thomas A. Ledwith Superior Court, J. H.
Anthonand UoswellD. Hatch; Common
Fleas. C. P. Dalev Marine Court, Daniel
H. Randall j Register, Gen. Franz Sigel.
Can a Jnry be Found Who Have not Kx
prefixed an Opinion?
The Times suggests that iu case a jury
cannot be found in thexity to convict the
municipal thieves, the trial should be had at
Saratoga county, where the jury are not
under the control or the ring, the same
journal cliarges Tom Fields, a Tammany
politician, witn being concerneu mine pass
age for consideration of large illegal claims
agaiust the city.
l'resiucni unuii
was in the city to-day, but left for Washing
ton to-night.
It is estimated that there are now some
fifteen or twenty thousand Chicagoans in
this city.
Snit Against Jim Fisk.
Helen Jospplunc Mansfield has com
menced suit against Fisk, Jr., for the recov
ery of fifty thousand dollars. The money
has been nseu by ucienaani as agent 01
plaintiff. Process warserved on Fisic last
nig"1- ;JJ:
?NKWkYbliiC Oct. 22TheSapph6 beat
tho'IJvontatcy,by'3lSmlnesin the
yachtTrace-V
ToiiigtiicVSmnshod and a Conduc
tor Killed.
Conductor Ricliard Bouen, of Jersey City,
was killed to-day bj a collision between a
,freight-and:gravel train on the Jersey and
Midland liaircaa, near declaration, i. 1
Both engines were smashed.
Tardy Sew.
Last Sunday the Roman Catholic
Churches in Boston and vicinity contributed
$15.r),577 to Chicago.
PHILADELPHIA.
Odlclal Extortion Illegal Fees.
Philadelphia, Oct. 21. In the Court
of Common Tleas to-day, Wm. Coon, a
Duputy Sheriff, was dismissed from office
,b"v Judce-Allison, for extortinirlliesal fees.
m. lrwin was convicted 01 a conspiracy
to extort illegal fees as a Deputy Sheriff, and
was fined fifty dollars and sent to prison for
two.months. ..The Judge was very severe
onthe extortionists.
The Jersey Hallway Monopoly.
Tlio lease of the railroad consolidation of
Now Jersey to Pennsylvania road has been
simed bvall the companies exceptinc the
Trenton Railroad. Mr. Bradford, the Pres
ident of that road, is absent In Europe, but
Mr. Gatsjmer.Fresident.pro tem., will sign
the lease by direction of the company, as he
signed on the. part of the Camden Am
hov Railroad, those words being added to
his signature. 1
T0PEKA.'
A Hatch of Crluilnnls, Disposed of.
TdiTKKA, Kaxsas, Ocf. 21-f hcUnjtcd
States' District Court 'to-day "sentenced
tht;e meutoXive jears imprisonment each
for stealing government mules -at Fort
Harker: one'man for two years for person
ating a government officer; one lor ten
years for robbing registered letters, and one
for six-months, under the enforcement act,
for stuffing ballot boxes.
st! LOUIS.
Railroads MHSt pay Their Taxes.
St. Lows, Oct. 21 The U. S. Circuit
Court, full bench, refused to- grant injunc
tion to prevent Capt. Maguire, collector of
this county, from selling.certain rolling
stock pf the Iron,Montain Railroad, seized
some time shice,- for non-paymenfcof'taxes.
The rolling stock will-lie 'sold unless the
taxes are paid.
111 All.
Argument, iu the Hawkins Case.
JijfKeTartf aS'enlict of Guilty.
Salt,
Lake, Oct. 20. The court was
occupied all day with the Hawkins adultery
case. The cross-examination of Mrs. Haw
kins elicited nothing materially new. She
testified that Hawkins gave no reason for
taking other women for wives excepts that
she had had her day, and it was proiwr ho
should have-some one else.. She said she
had borne him seven children at tli
he took another wife. The defense offered
,nb.tesimnny:except to piove the-'marriago
ui jaaw&iiis wuu me second anu mint wife.
uen. Maxwell ssppke lor the prosecution.
and assuming that the defense would rest
upon plural marriaeo as beui? Wrt. f
religious, faith, argued, thai p61rgamyvas In
direct violation of both ecclesiastical and
common law. Fitch concluded at. a lnln
hour for the defense. .He cnritomfoil Hint
JUawJonSjJieing a Mormon, had no inten
tion of committing crime, and intention
was essential to conviction; that there was
no law asainst nolvcamv when lie tnnlr l.u
second wife, and he could not be guilty of
aumbry ire cause ne was legally married to
tbe woman, accordhu: to the -maces and
customs of the Mormon Church. United
Sjtates Attorney Baskln will sum up tliis
evening, after which the case will co to the
jurjv
A niimbei.of--additional srves for lascivi
ous cohabitation have been iha'dd.
Salt Lake. Oct. 21 The inrv in Hh
.Hawkics case' came lit last nfcht with a
verdict which, was sealed, and on being
opened, thismorplng wasfouud to-be-guilty.
HGe court roonl "was", crowded and the 'an
nouncement created mUch sensation.
The counsel, for the neonle moved the'
court that the defendant be tafcen into cus
tody, which motion was stonily resisted by
the defendant's attorney. The prosecution
however, were firm in their demand that
the case shoidd take the ordinary course
and-the, United States .Marshal accordingly,
was directed to hold nawkinsasa nrisoner. i
Time, was .alio wed to prepare a motion for
new trial and in arrest of judsment. The
Inalty of the Utah statute for the crime
of adidtery is imprisonment not exceeding
twenty years and not less than three vears.
orby fine not exceeding one thousand dol
lars, or both fine and imprisonment at the
discretion of the court.
This a test case, and virtual! v nlaces all
polygamists at the mercy of the court and
of the first wife, who, under the act, is the
only party who can institute proceedings
agamst the husband. The case was con
tested on both sides with great determina
tion, and the charge of Chief Justice Mc
Rean to the jury last :night, is spoken of as
being eminently able.
TEE EPISCOPALIANS.'
Baltimore, Oct. 21. In the Emseonal
Convention this morninrr. the consideration
of the amended canons on theological edu
cation was made the special order for Mon
day night.
The Committee 011 Canons renorted it
inexpedient to rrovide for the representa
tion of minorities; against changing the
name of this convention, and that all canons
hereafter reported and adopted sliall take
effect on the 1st of January following their
adoptionr The committee reouested to be
discliargcd from the consideration of several
subjects referred tqjthem.
A resolution from thellvranal Joint Com
mittee, recommending the omission of cer
tain hymns and the insertion of others, was
adopted.
A sphere for Woman.
The following resolutions were adopted;
Resolved.- That this house: 'recardsvwith
deep inferest the work of women in the
church, and the -formation .of jsuch chris
tian organizations as may consist with the
government ami rules of the church.
Resolved, lliat it be recommended to
le respective dioceses and missionarv juris
dictions which may desire the aid of such
organizations lo accept such measures a3
may present the efficiency of such auxilia
ries and guard against abuses.
A message was received from the nouse
of Bishops announcing the committee on
religious reform in Italy.
The Ritual.
McCrady continued his arcument on the
proposed canon of ritual uniformity. A long
debate ensued which was participated iu bv
Andrews, Fogg and DeKoven.
ur.' Mead spoke amunst the practice ol
ritualism in churches, amd its being taught
in Theological Institutions. He proposed
striking out the clause, providing that the
canons of the Church of England in force
in 1&1SI, be or ntual, and an Insertion in
stead prohibitory.
The recommendations of the Honse of
Bishops concerning holy communion were
discussed, but without reaching any con
clusion the house adjourned till Monday.
MISSIONARY.
CiJfciJfJfATi, Oct. 21. The interest in
the American Christian Missionary Associa
tion is increasing. About 150 regular dele
gates are now here 300 persons are attend
ing tne meeting from abroad.
The reports from the Committees on
Frecdmen and the Evangelization of Ger
many, which were submitted Friday, were
adopted to-day, and $2,030 were pledged
annually for five years to prosecute the work
in uermany.
The following officers were elected for the
ensuing year President, Hon. R. M. Bish
op, of Ohio; Vice Presidents', Isaac Errett,
of Ohio; W. K. Pendleton, of West Vir
ginia, and Robert Milligan, of Kentucky
Corresponding Secretary, Thomas Monell,
of Kentucky.
THEJTURF.
Baltimore, Oct. 21. The annual races
of the American Jockey Club over the
Pamlico course begin next Tuesday and
continue four days. A number of the finest
racers iu the country will run, aud the con
tests will be interesting.
VIRGINIA.
The Tennessee Boad.
Richmond, Va., Oct. 21 J. E. Tvson.
of Baltimore, has withdrawn his motion for
injunction against the Virgiiua and Tennes
see railroad.
MOBILE.
northwestern Road to Helena. Ark.
NewYohk, Oct. 21. The Mobile and
Northwestern railroad to-day perfected a
contract to build their line from Mobile to
Helena, Arkansas.
A clergyman relates, in the Rational
Baptist, the following incident A parrot
belonging to some friends of mine was gen
erally taken out of the room when the fam
ily assembled for prayers, ftr fear
he might take it into his head to
join irreverently in the responses. One
evening, however, his presence happened
to be unnoticed, and he was entirely
forgotten. For some time he maintained a
decorous silence, but at length, instead of
"amen, out he came with "cheer, boys,
cheer."' On this the builer was ilinrJAd tn
remove him, and had got as far as the door
with IUin, 'wlien the bird, perhaps thlnkin:
that lie had committed himself, and liad
better apologize, called out, "sorry I spoke."
ine overpowpring enect on tne company
"may be more easily imagined than des
cribed.
The Blooinington Pantograph reports a
queer apple brought to that office, whichls
sweet upon one side and sour on the other,
and which appcarsto be bf.spicelswceting
land half sour Veening'' It originated in
this wise: A Michigan ,fruit grower joined
two buds from the varieties named, and
budded an apple tree with the'lhid made up
01 those two halves: and lrom limbs which
were the product of this budding was grafted
me tree w-incu produces these duplex ap-
pies..
Horace E. Horton. of Rochester. Minim.
sota, has constructed a bridge over a chasm
minai vicimty,-; tncvarcniofjiwhich rests
against the solid rock on either side of the
stream, wit bout any artificial abutments.
THE BROUGHT TIRES.
Kentucky Woodlands in Flames.
5- v.- a
CisciJfXATi, Oct. 21. It is reported here
this morning inai immense districts of wood
land iu Campbell county, Ky., are on fire.
me names are spreauing with reartul rapid
ity, There is much excitement in Alexan
dria, which is said to be threatened. Alex
andria is thirteen' miles from Newport.
Lateu. The reports of the burning of
the forests ,ia tiampbell county, Ky., have
been much exaggerated. A number of fires
liave broken out, but they have been ex
tinguisneu without great loss.
INCENDIARISM.
Bold Attempt to. Bunt San' Frauelsco.
Sax Fkancisco, Oct. 21. Incendiaries
fired the block bounded by Third, Fourth,
.Market and Stevenson streets last nignt at
five different points. All attempts were
frustrated. The locality is thickly covered
with frame buildings and the evident object
was to.burn the city. The police are work
ing up the case.
AM Issonri Town Kurned.,
Camehon, Mo., Oct. 20. This place was
visited by a very destructive lire la3t night,
which destroyed a large portion of the busi
ness and residence -part ot tne town, .ine
fire broke out In a livery stable, about one
o'clock, and is thought to have been the
work of an incendiary. Aggrega.e loss,
$132,000. The postoffice, American Hotel
and Masonic Hall were among the buildings
burned. The insurance amounts in the agt
gregate to $32,250.
ON THE LAKES,
Schooner Capsized Five Men Drowned
Milwaukee, Oct. 21. The schooner R.
P. Mason was capsized while being towed
to. .Little ;iTaverse, by tug Leviathan, and
fifteen lives lost. The sea was so rough the
tug cut her' loose, hoping she would drift
ashore, but she immediately capsized. The
tow line got into one of the wheels of the
tuc. disabling her ensine so she could not
-give them assistance until she got upon tbe
beach, when only four remalneu.
The Wrcclc of the Cob urn.
KixcAKDiXE, Ont., Oct. 21. Portions
of the wreck "and cargo of the propeller Co
bum ure coming ashore. Two bodies liave
been picked up on the beach, one a mulatto
and the other a young man dressed in a
grey suit.
CHICAGO.
25,000 Applicants for Daily Belief.
Tho Demon Drink.
Chicago, Oct. 21. An unfortunate trag
edy occurred about midnight near Chicago
University on Cottage Grove avenue, re
sulting in the almost instantaneous death
of Thomas' W. Grosvenor, City Prosecuting
Attorney. Mr. Grosvenor was passing
along the street, probably somewhat under
the influence of liquor, when he was chal
lenged by a University patrol. Mr. Gros
venor replied in an offensive manner and
was shot dead in his tracks. An inquest
is now being held.
Federal Court Records Iiost.
Judge Blodgett, District Court Judge of
the United States, will leave Chicago for
Wasliington on Monday to advise with the
Judicial Department of tlie government as
to the restoration of the records of the Fed
eral Courts of this district.
The Mayoralty.
v Tho-JH6ifne of this morning' favors the
nomination of Henry Oreenebaiun,'a lead
ing Israelite and President of tbe German
National Bank, for Mayor. Mr. Greene
baum was formerly an Alderman, and is
one of the most 'energetic, systematic and
thorough workers In the city.
Congressman at Iarge.
It is rejiorted that S. S. Hayes, the Dem- i
ocr.itic candidate for Congressman at Large,
lias withdrawn from the contest, owing to
the pressure of private business. The
names of Wm. B. Ogden and Jolin D. Caton
liave been suggested to take Mr. Hayes'
place.
A.I)ay ofFastinp: and Prnyer.
Mayor Mason lias issued a proclamation
appointing Sunday, Oct. 29, as a day of
fasting, humiliation and prayer.
A, Broken Broker.
The rumor that A. C. Badcer, a private
banker, liad suspendel Is confirmed. Mr.
Badger claims, however, tliat as soou as he
can get his aflairs in proper shape, he will
resume. He only recovered his btoks and
assets yesterday from his vaults.
the reported suspension of the Cora Ex-
cliange Bank is unfounded. Their receipts
fiom depositors are larger than tho call for
money.
Hebrew Benevolence.
Henry Grcenbaum, a leading Israelite and
lTesident of the German National Bank,
has received from leading Israelites and
Israelite associations throughout the coun
try liberal contributions for the relief of
their co-rcligionists and other religious: de
nominations 111 this city. Contributions
have come from Peru, Ind. Elmira, N. Y.;
Nashville, Tenn. Washington Louisville,
Ky.; Cincinnati; Titusville, Pa.; Phila
delpliia, Buffalo, Cleveland, etc. Mr.Green
baum will give his attention to the proper
distribution of these cliaritable offerings.
25,000 Applicants for Relief.
Immediately after the fire the daily ap
plications for relief numbered about 40,000.
Since that time their number has been di
minished from day to day, until now there
are only about 25,000 daily applicants for
food.
3,400 Houseless Families.
The shelter committee thus far has re
ceived about 2,400 applications for lumber
with which to put up small houses for
homeless families, and about thirteen hun
dred of these applicants have up to this
time been supplied with lumber con
tributed by lumber dealers and others
which is being framed into houses.
GoTCrnment Aid for the North west.
To-day Lieut.- Gen. Sheridan, on being
officially informed of the state of aflairs in
northern Wisconsin, "by Gov. Fairchild. at
once issued orders for the despatching of
juUjUUU army oianucis, L',wu overcoats and
100 wagons" for their relief.
There is considerable excitement over
the shooting by the sentry of Col. Grosve
nor. The nun who committed the deed,
Theo. S. Tweed, a student in Clucago
University, is under arrest. He belonged
to the first regiment of Chicago volunteers,
and claims to have acted in accordance
with orders.
THE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
New Yokk, Oct. 21. Insurance Super
intendent, Mills, requests the Fire Insur
ance compatues of the State to furnish an
official report of their financial condition
within a week.
The North American Insurance Com
pany suspended to-day, and a receiver lias
been appointed. The losses are estimated
between six and seven hundred thousand
dollars, and assets about eight hundred
thousand dollars.
The Mthlary uazette ot Berlin states
that it lias been determined by the German
Government not only to give Gernan names
to all cities, towns and villages in Alsace
and Lorraine, now having no such appella
tions, but also to change the French titles
of forts and fortified places. The forts
around Metz, now under repair, arc first to
be rechristened, and Fort St. Julian is to be
cilled Fort Moltke. The marble slab re
cording the construction of this fort under
Napoleon HI., in lfcG",, is to bear the fol
lowing amended inscription: "Commenced
in 18G7, in defiance of, and completed iu
lbl'i, in defense of Germany."
CAiliss Mina Tallersberg, otherwise Min
nie White, ar"young waiter girl" in a con
cert saioon, m jirathaiu street, New York.
has been left a vast fortune by the death of
an uncie m juigaiii,neor uresian, Germany.
C-1 M .1 4 T.-. -vr I
onu saiicu juia ajuiukj uu juunuay.
Gen. Gorloff, of the Russian army, is said
to have invented a mitrailleuse which "fires
300 to 400 rouhdrper minute, the range ex
tenmng 4,uuu paces.
mMkt, October,;, ;m
Tlie Pope Advised to ieate Itonie.
Serious Disturbances at Metz.
ROME.
i;
The Pope Going to Keave Again.
Rome. Or. 21 The Cardinals heldfa1
meeting here and advised thePope 0 quit'
Rome to preserve his spiritual independ
ence The Pope lias almost conciuaea to
depart at tlie time of the convocation, of.
the Italian Parliament.
A Queer Story Where Shall tbe Next
Pope be Elected?
Berlin, Oct. 21. A distinguished pre
late, an emissary from the Pope has, ob
tained audience of the emperor to-day to
ascertain if it would be allowed for the ap-
proachlngConclave tojsit outside of Rome,
for instance in some French city. The emis
sary was referred.to Bismarck", who'evaded
reply. The emperor sent an autographic,
letter of sympathy to the Pope, f-t
GERMANY.
The Kn-Klux or Europe.
London, Oct. 20. It is now certain
that the Gasteln conference- agreed upon'
energetic measures for the suppression of
tno .international, it -also refuses to co
operate with the movement, alleging that
Italian agitators are themselves opposed to;
v
Germans righting Among; Themselves
at Metz.
Pakis, Oct. 21. A despatch from Metr
reports that serious, troubles have arisen
between the North and South German
soldiery hi the garrison there and, that
several encounters have occurred between
members of the Bavarian and Prussian
regiments.
GREAT BRITAIN.
M
Xnpoleon's Opinion ofjThlcirsi
Xoxdos-, Oct. 21". Naooleon has 'relum
ed to Chisclhurst. He tells an interviewer
that the present government of France is
Weak and inadequate, to the wants of the
country;
The Alabama Claims.
Henry Howard, agent of the British Gov
ernment at Washington, in the matter of
ine reception ol claims by the British gov
ernment and upon tbe United -States,- has
been-instructed not to present any of these
claims until the claimant has filed with the
officer or commissioner appointed under
the treaty at Washington the formal state
ment required by the first of the rules ad
opted by the Commission.
HAITI.
A Speck of War with Spain.
Port-AXJ-Pbixce, OcU 21 The com
mander of a Spanish man-of-war having de
manded the delivery or the filibustering
steamer Hornet, the Haytien government
refused to comply with the (Jeraand, where
upon the Spanish Consul hauled down his
crusader flag and went on board the "man-
of-war, which at onco started for Havana
for instructions.
CUBA.
4
New York, Oct 21. A Havana Jetter
states tliat .instead, of the insurrectioifbeing
enuea mere has oeen a series of defeats of
the Spanish forces in the eastemdiitricts
ANOTHER RAILROAD TROUBLE.
The Tennessee and Western North
Carolina Sail rotid AnTnrestlffntlon
Demanded.
roni tlie OrecneTllla Sentinel, Oct. 19.
We think it Inch time tliat tbere should
be an investigation of the aflairs of the Ten
nessee and Western North Carolina Jlail
road. The President, without bond, liad
many thousand dollars ofStatebouds placed
into his hands, for the construction of that
road. The road is a failure. Fonearly
two years no work has been done. The
thing is dead. Wliat lias become of the
lionds placed in the liaiuls of Mr. Simerly,
the former President? This question not
only interests the stockholders of the road
but all the taxpayers of tho State who have
to meet the interest, yearly, on those bonds.
and after a few years the principal.
Alter three years presidency Mr. Siiuerlv
retired. For what would have made about
tliree montlis service, and for some travel-
nc exrjenses. he received eleren thntnuinrt
dollars, as we are informed. From the best
information we can get, after accrediting
him with all monies expended on the road
ue is behind some lift y-one thounaiul dollars.
and we liavo heard that he declares his in
capability to pay over this money.
i lie present .Directors seem to be doins
nothing; no one is demanding an account of
the stewardship of Mr. Simerly. Is he to
be permitted just to keep this sum? If Mr. J
Simerly has this fund on hand, -nhy do not
Directors answer tue inquiries ot the stock
holders, and repel the general belief that he
is a defaulter. If he has used this fund for
private purposes and cannot repay it,- he is
a felon under the statute, and should meet
the penalty of the law.
Ve know not whether Mr. Simerly has
or lias not squandered this sum, but tee do
know that it is fime that Vie docklioiders
and the Slate kneic; and we call upon our
ltepresentative lrom tVasUmston county.
and our Senator from the first district to
have an investigation of this matter, and if
Mr. Simerly prove to be a defaulter, to.inr
struct the Attorney General of thefFirst
Judicial Circuit to send an indictment
against him under section 4708 of the Code,
and let justice be done.
In behalf of the stockholders of the.road
we ask the present President and Directors
to make and publish a report showi"g how
much money has been received by theoffi
cers, from the beginning; and how mwcAhas
been expended; and how it lias been ex
pended; and ichat has become of theremain
der. We ask this; we demand this. The
honest people demand this. They havo a
right to know this. TItey will know this.
T1IE.FAMIXE IX PERSIA.
Later accounts from Persia represent the
devastations from the famine' to. be more
widely-spread and destructive than ever.
At Mesched, a town of 120,000 inhabitants,
80,000 haMperished, 20.000 liave fled for
their lives, and the feeble remainder have
been carried into captivity by Afghan ban
ditti. Meanwhile the shab, after the
fashion of eastern rulers, has wholly disre
garded the sufferings of Ids subjects,- and
ruthlessly left them to the wretchedness
and death which his own incapacity
has brought upon them. While
his people have been dying by
thousands under pestilence and famine.
his royal Majesty has been taking his usual
hunting expeditions, and lived as richly and
recklessly as ever. A mob of several thou
sand starving men and women, who assem
bled before his palace gates, conducting
themselves in a very riotous manner, and
coupling his Majesty's name with opprobri
ous'and disrespectful epithets, awoke that
worthy magistrate to a realizing sense of
tho situation, tie therelore issued an edict
that bread should be sold at a certain fixed
price, but as there was no bread to be bought
.i 1. ii
at any pnix, uus waa nut nuiiy saiisiaciory.
After this he imprisoned tho vizier of the
town, and baked the bakers in their own
ovens. And still his people are not happy.
Sfysterlons Disappearance.
Yesterday a gentleman recently arrived
from Chicaco, and a member of the dra
matic profession, disappeared from the sight
ornis.tnenas, wno Jiau oeen unable up to
a bte hour last night, to ascertain anythlns
in regard to his -whereabouts. The gentle
man when last seen; had; It Is, said, $2,000
hi money and a gold watchand chain about
his person. It is thought by some that
while intoxicated he was foully dealt with.
The police assisted in the search last night
hut obtained no due.
Out of Jail.
W Wtlngersoll, committed to jai some
days ago on account of alleged 'irregularity
in connection with other people's claims
against the uovernment was yesterday re
leased upon giving the required security for
his appearance oetore the federal Court.
EVJL3STS, MTE, POBXEB 4c CO.,
I "WHOLESALE DEALERS EN
DRY vr&OODS,
EvAKB-
IB-NOW. IN-BECEIPT
F01EIW AND DOMESTIC
FOR THE I'ALJ. TXABE,
u TO WHICH WE INCITE THE ATTENTION' OF MESCHASTS.
sep53nT:
S. B. SPURtOCK.
GEO, J,.GOODRICH
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
HHDHAU GROCERS
DEALERS IJT FOREIGN AMD DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street.
Bagging aHd' Ties Fprnished
Exeluslre Agento for the sale of Manning Wlibky and Annls Sheeting?.
ocl 3m Bp
Home News..
Joe Jenerson.
Joe Jefferson the great actor, 'will favor
our city with an engagement some, time in
November at the Old Theater 'after the
Black Crook" season is over. Jeflerson
comes in the Interest of the' Grey troupe, by
whom jhe will' be 1 supported. Of 'course
crowded houses, will be the result each
evening of Ids appearance and also of the
Black Crook tlie grandest of modern scenic
attractions, which commences to-morrow
evening.
Undelivered Dispatches.
The following telegrams remain at the
Western Union Telegraph office Saturday
night. Office hours Sunday. 9 to 10 A. m.
ana li to o r. m.
F.Kline, Mrs. Araminta McClelland, Mrs.
Samuels, Thos." C. Milsom; Church Ander
son Co., R. B. Cheatham, Rhea, .Smith St
Co., J. B. Williams, Sarah S. Payne, care of
B. F. Shields, Hart&Hensly, C.B Parsons
Co., Chas. H. Gunthier, H. G. Gwyn,
J. M. Curry, Son &Co., S. Jacobus &Bros,
Joseph Barnard, G. F. Akers& Co.,McCrea
Uo-.,McAhsterfir Wheiess, li. w. croncu,
Hon.E.WrighU
The following telegrams remained over
night In the Pacific and Atlantic Telegraph
office:
Furman &Co.,Gennett& Co., Proprietor
Linck's Hotel, Geo. F. Akers, L. H. La
nier Son, J. J. Rose. Office hours from
8.-30 to 930 a. sr. and from 7 to 8 r. 31.
Church Improvement.
For several days past the Central Baptist
Church, at the corner of South Cherry and
Elm streets, lias been in the hands of arti
sans and builders, from whm it will rapid
ly receive, upon the interior, the handsome
architectural finish contemplated in the
original design. This church edifice, at the
beginning of the war, had become an orna
ment to our city and an honor to the Bap
tist denomination. But the civil conflict,
aud the continued occupation of the edifice
by the military postponed the work of com
pletion, bince tlien the church has been
struggling heroically agalustanunpropitlous
tide of affairs. Signal success Is fast follow
ing Us etrorts. During the recent capable
anil effective pastorship of Rev. W. G. In
man, the church seems to hava. risen with
renewed strewihajisLresources as plahdj
evidenced by the vigorous prosecution of
the improvements already described. The
congregation and friends of th church in
a few weeks can felicitate themselves in tlu
possession of a finished auditorium for re
ligious services, the most capacious of any
in Middle J ennessee excepting mat ot tne
First Presbyterian Chinch.
XnshTllle Opera House.
Tlie attendance last night at this place of
amusement was only fair, much to the
chagrin of all well-wishers of tlie legitimate
drama in our midst. Tlie manager lias
been at very considerable expense in'refit
ting and refurnishing tlie theatre, anil is do
ing all in his' power to render the place at
tractive, anil we hope he may succeed in
his efTorts, but there can be no snccess un
less our people turn out and assist him.
The. drama of "The Colleen Bawii1 wan
the piece selected for last night's perform
ance, and right well wa3 it produced.. Mr-
Grey wm at home m his representation ot
the cliaracter of Miles; Bailey well sustained
tbe part of Hanlress Cregan; Martin was
admirable as Danny Martin; Kent got
through with Kyle Daly smoothly; Brydon
was faultless as Father Tom, while the oth
er male characters Mere very passable. The
attractive feature of the piece was the per
sonation of Eily O'Connor by Bettie Grey,
She 13 very natural in her parts, has a fine
enunciation, and sings sweetly. She was
well sustained by Miss Annie bcanlan,
Maud Davison and Miss Josie Martin.
The sreat spectacular drama of the Black
Crook will be brought out on Monday even
ing, and crowded houws may be looked foi
during the week.
Where is He?
A few minutes before the liandsome ser
enade in honor of .Gen. John C. Breckin
ridge at the Battle House last night, a spec
imen of untutored humanity ruslied into
the hotel cautiously, yet anxiously asking
"where is he" (meaning Uen. lirecKinnuge.
of course.) Some one pointed to one ol
our dlstlngulsea senators wno was quieuj
enjoying the contents of a political editorial
and said, There he is." Without the form
of an introduction, the anxious solicitor of
heroic acquaintancesliip rushed up to the
Senator, grabbed his hand, and in a voice of
tremulous welcome, expressed his pleasure
at beholding him, and the honor he felt at
meeting so great a man. The Senator,
completely taken by surprise at this trans
mogrification of hishumble identity into that
of GemBreckenridge, was unable to explain
the mistake of Ids impromptu acquaintance,
who hearing the music strike up and seeing
the senator arise immediately joined lus
friends and was heard to exclaim in merri
est tones, I've shook hands with the Gen'ral
and told him my name whatll Betsy Ann
and the chii'un say, and whatfll Squire
Smith do when I gits home and tells them
this,-ctc; Eureka: should be pinned to' that
man's coat, for the Senator can best appre
ciate tlie lines of Pope "Beware of all, but
most' be vr are of man:
DeCastro.
DeCastro has gone and with him "many
a glorious" throng of. happy things.' Last
night was the conclusion of his brilliant and
unusually successful engagement of a week
in our city. DeCastro will never forget hi3
sojourn here where he has received full
houses of the best and most fashionable
people. Last night Masonic Hall was
acain crowded and jammed as on previous
evenings, by an audience which seemed
sncll-bound In wonder at his acts cf en
chanting magic. There was a mystery and
hidden character m everything tliat sent a
deep pervading tlirill of anxious inquiry into
the minds of all present as to the manner in
which his ocular illusions were produced.
DeCastro is a good magician he seems
almost to" laugh "at the laws of nature and
sport with the settled maxims of science,
and while everv one must acknowledge the
illusion, yet.thCwa'y it is done Is mysteii
ous. We know rem aae, but as to the cur
res sit we know not, nor could we attempt
even an opinion upon" the subject. To-day
Tinaf.m leaves for Huntsville, where we
trust his reception anT entertainment will
Tm e niint and nrofitable as here. Last
nlhtMr. S; Horrowitz drew the $50, and
tli( nun who drew the pig caused much
merriment amoug the audience,, after being
dazzled,, mystified, and so highly enter
tained.
The world is like a treadmill which turns
incessantly and leaves no choice but to sink
or climb.
MEW SERIESNO. 9TT,
NOTIONS, ETC.,
OF
A VERT LARGE STOCK OT
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
EVANS, PITE, PORTER CO.
T. M. SPtJRLOCK.
AND COTTOiY FAIM
aad Liberal Advances made.
INSURANCE,
RELIABLE COMPANIES.
EQUITABLE
FIRI IIMIE CO,,
OF
NASHVILLE, TENN.
Authorized Capital, 1,000,000
Subscribed do. OTer 600,000
PRESIDENT:
W. W. BERRY,
OF BERRY, DEMOYTLLE CO.
VI CE-PK ESIDKST:
JOHN PORTERFIELD,
CASUIEB FOURTH NATIONAL BANK.
SECRETARY
"WILLIAM A. WEBB.
POLICIES
ON
Dwelling Houses, Manufactories
Mills, Stores and Merchan
dise of Every De
scription, AG- A TTSTgl?
Loss or Damage by Fire.
oclO tf splstp
THE BANXER AND THE X'EXITIIV
XI Alt Y.
That "Noble and Sensible StauU."
In the proceedings of the 3Ieclianics and
Manufacturers' Association, as published in
the liamier of the 12th hist., we find the
following paragrapli:
"Mr. T. II. Jones read an article from the
ISanncr on tin subject of Convict Labor,
and moved Unit the lwarty thanks of this
Association le tendered to that paper for
the noble and sensible stand it has taken in
belialf of the mechanics and manufacturers
of Nashville; carried unanimously.'
in appreciation or tlie very nattering com
pliment for tlie "noble and sensible stand'
it has taken, just read what the Banner of
yesterday hss to say iu beltalf of these me
cliauics land manufacturers who have been
struggling for tlie overtlirowof an encroach
ment upon their rights by this Penitentiary
monoiioiy. n e make an extract from tbe
article as follows:
"In the cabinet shop, there are fortv-one
liands. Of these, twelve are engaged in
making tubs by hand, turning out, on an
average, twenty-four tubs per day, Worth
about $20 per dozen. Up to about two
montlis since tliere were twenty-five hands
employed in making tubs and buckets with
machinery, but tliat leature has been dis
continued. Tweuty-niue are making
bureaus, bedsteads, wardrobes, and break
fast aud dining tables. Thevmakc about
twelve bedsteads ier day, the finest of
which are worth while those of which
the most are made average $8 a piece. In
this same department elegant bureaus 'and
wardrobes are made of ditferent woods
indigenous to this section. The degree of
perfection to which the workers in this de
partment hive ,beeii trained is great, and
their furniture commands tlie liest market
price.'
Justtliiukot it. Iherfiumtrr speaks ol
the "degree of perfection" to which these
conviets have been trained, ani says their
furniture commands the best market price,
when it is a well known fact tliat there is
no comparison between penitentiary made
furniture and tlie elegant and substantial
work turned out at our factories, and which
has given Nashville the reputation of being
one of the best furniture manufacturing
points in the land.
The penitentiary is also well ad erased in
the following paragraph, particularly that
portion of which says that everytliing is
"turned out with the most careful finish."
The agricultural implement shop em
braces tlie blacksmith shop, wheelwright
shop and general woodwork shop. In the
blacksmith sliop mere are iweniy-eigni
hands, who do all the iron work for the
wagons, carts, etc., and repair an tne tooia
of tbe institution. There are twenty-eight
also in the wheelwright shop, and tlurty in
the general wood department Here are
made road and farm wagons, express wag
ons, spring wagons, wheelbarrows, shovel
plows, seed plows, corn shelters, harrows
and farm cultivators. They turn out she
wagons complete every week, worth $H)
apiece, on an average, tne spring wagons
being worth $iau; aiso one uunureu anu
thirty nlows ner day, worth $3 apiece; and
twenty-five carts per week, worth $10. Tlie
WllOeiDarrOW a Wlliuu iire liwuu umj uu ui-
der, are worth $.1 apiece, of which abont
twelve are made daily. Twelve cedar
cliests per week are made, averaging $12
in value. Everything here is worked up
from the rough material, and turned out
with the most carefnl finish."
Our painters will be a little astonished to
learn from tlie following paragraph, which
we extract from thft.Brtmier'n article, touch
ing the excellence of the work of their
branch of trade, which "compare favorably
with those manufactured elsewhere, both
for service and neatness of fmish.J It says:
"The next department is tl paint shop,
where ten men are employed iu painting
wagons, carts, plows, chests, etc.. and var
nishing the furniture made in the institu
tion. Wlien the various articles have re
ceived the last touch of the painter, they
ftrnrxblv with those manufactured
elsewhere, both for sen-ice and neatness of
finish."
We suggest that the Hoard of Penitentia
ry Inspectors, at their next meeting, shall
mo.1 the article from theUuiMcron the sub
ject of convict labor, and vote the hearty
thaUKS 01 tlie insiJCClurs lUl mc -uuuic ami
sensible stand" that paper has taken in the
shape of a free advertisement in belialf of
the Penitentiary monopoly.
A Supposed Mad Xau.
.Between twelve and one o'clock
this mornlug a- man about sixty
years or more of age applied ,at
tlie Commercial Hotel for a room,
but owing to his appearahce,w;luchTi':is that
of a lunatic, ilio clerk thought it uuadvlsa
bleUrlodgesucha visitor. 1'he Individual
was tall, iiaggard looking, aud liad a bundle
of clothes and a long, rough stick. While
in the liotel his demeanor was strange, and
his conversation broken and unconnected.
Whether such was due to whisky or lunacy
we are not able to state prooauiy w wm.
1
OHfl
f T Av0V,'JtECEIvrN" THE 1UKG35T
Erer brought to thl market. I am.
to
lunu-oR toe pQDiic lriur &u quail ilea
grade
of Clothing
At Prices-that'Dtfy CoMfrtHtofl.
The fbllowin? Is a partlaUUt oT artistes ttom
my stock, watch will give feme idea oftto exttA
of mj pnrctianea;
Cojrtor Beavers
Bine and Black Opera,
Derby and CbesterSeM.
uinconaLt and Ollye J
Prince Albert.
Sew Market, fc
Fleetwood.
-Aio,afallllw or BlaeSc' Cle CwMto. of
is?! iiUe and prices
PAirT,:'-,t
SOO Pair Black Doeskin.
Caanimere Pants 'or all qaaHMes,
K f, OrndesyandPrlceaJy r i
VESTS.
OmSfockof Silk, Clotla, Cawimere acd
YelvetestaU complete as to quanUir, qnat
ltraml price.
We have have also ou hand a full line Of
Ovorooats,
lu wldiUon to the aboTe wa haTcoraSfr "on
hand a fall line or Gentlemen's Fmbk.
lnjr Goods.
We onr Uiese goodiXo the trade t tke -lowest
market rate. Onr stock is new and complete la
every department.
Planter. Merchants and the Public generally
are Invited to eall ami examine oar stock before
purchasing ehtewhere.
The many frienitt of JAMES "W. EVANS,
formerlr connected with this house, -win find nun
at this old and well-known stand, and ho wJU be
pleased to how them through the stock, and at
the samcUmo be able to satisfy their-taste In
any art Tele pertaining- to this line.
6IX1A- iltOWJf, son of ex-MTor "W.X.
Brown, Is abo connected with thishouse, aad
will be pleased to have his mends gho htm a
call, guaranteeing to please them In every reepeet.
MIKE ?OWES
Star Clothing &4re,
Corner Market and Sqaare,
sep'JJeoeBmsplstp- NASHVlLtE, T15KK.
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
TBE 1
CLOTHING TRAiJK
.-tu
We have Just qpeneU' a
large?' Stocli. of JReady-tnade
Goods, adapted to tTie 'early
Fall and Winter wear of the
Southwest,' than ever before,
7vhic7i we will sell to mer
chants only) at the' 'very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earii$tht
invite buyers to. call and 'Ex
amine pur jStoclc.
Particular attention is call
ed to our Neiy.Slyles ofJSuits.
These Goods hate been' con
ceded by all who hava exam
ined them, superiority 'pi
make, color andfinish, and
will satisfy anyone thaty.M
the iJrices at which we offer
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A full Una of Beaver. vO.
Coats anGuihMM1
sale. Orders carefullyjilled.
fiOLIYAK H. CWltKpS,
.NASUViruLF, TJBS2.
B. JL COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Public
Square. f'1
seplO M
INSURANCE.
ARE YOU INSURED
HI
IF NOTVHTNOr?"
KEAD THE ADVERTISEMENT OF TUB
Equitable J?ire Ins.
of isiiVixiIe:1
Oct in tf
FACTS "U-onTJTT OF ATTKXTIOH
To the Editors of the Union and American:
Li yesterday's Banner, an editorial ap
peared underthe bead of Penitentiary Pro
ducts, would probably (uhlntentforal) lead
many astray as to some statements. In
order to correct the same, the writer would
say tliat the article of stoves have been and
can le made at a much less price than the
Banner represents. If the prices mention
ed could be obtained it would fujiilsh
employment for all the capital iu our
State. Their prescnt"prferlist Is on an av
erage of $8.5 J per stove in, lieu o?$20: Tbe
parties who have been making hollow
ware have been compelled to suspend on
acconnt of the "convicts' products,"" being
at suclnprices as to defy hpnest labor com
peting with theirs- Stoves and hollow-warn
can be made In Tennessee as cheap, if not
cheaper, than in any "sister State," but. not
as cheap as it can be made in the Penitential-,
having the whole capital of the State
to back it, win or lose. The same parties
who liave been manufacturing stoves have
now some tliree orfimr thousand dollars' dead
capital n hand. $20 on an average Is con
sidered to be an exorbitant price for stoves,
such as are made at tlie Penitentiary. Au
othcr branch is the mauufaanro of furni
ture, which is given at nearly 50 pier cent
higher price tliait it a sold for. Altogether
uthe looking intoJhe system, minutely" ha
resulted in a splendid advertisement for tbe
sale or the Penitentiary prouuas u. iuo
people could "sec it." Bah, ita
vcrv good of the kind hut,.
awful poor kind. Take your zebra
the mountains where tbev can bermado
productive; don't try," while our pjent
tegislature is In sesslnn to t Jbe
"usual chronic allowance" Tor the ."winlea.
anceof the dearcurwtetfwrnid3.ft ifl
dharepnaehtttlon of it being
tainirS lnstitutron and for the interesU of
ohr volecbnimomvealth. Sutfatahig.
What a Joke. Wul'some orte-pteasc inform
i In what year has it sustained Itself?
mesais is the popular phrase. Bring
ont your hifaaccsheet since tbe vetffiwt
inau-'iiral f mr Peiffomtiary, and let the
peopFe see? then Its beautiful fiyitdta can
be thnwughly n'g- jBffy
Ir. 'Gladstone finding tha? tJiiL maiia
ment of England1loes,notaarrlfrd3suincient
exercise for lus intellect, proposes writing a
series of papers for an American magazine
Scribners, we belF
1 am n I ri i
)a.