1ST A STTW
XIONANDAMERLQA,
CLOTHING, ETC.W
gjFSTABLIBHED MARCH' 30, 183?;
Tennessee Bosds closed, tn.KewYorkt I
NASHVILLE, TENIST., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER; 17, Ml,
NEW SERIES-JfO: J99;
last evening air oif ioruie oiu issue, uuu
-GpLDjis-rsteady 'intKcmgorkaQl
..-n u, r i v
fc K 1 "J 1 J t
-a
Tork at 18f c for middling.
WPHNGTON.
hju it' -limn I
THE REVENUE B1XL.
This very important billis tirl pending
.i t ,i m K V f I tx11 given iillto-day to .make .them gi
,We.ltand.ablestdebate of tbeessfairtffid resign, ailing in.ich be wm,be
not lnj.vOksOBiniqu.::overthrown
either his facts, his fieures m-
:MOJeEPfOB Plunderers.
WAsniNOTOx. Nov. 1G. riio accounts
of Pension acent Callionn of Philadelnliin.
bavins been found deficient $11,000 he has
good
re-
.moved,, Olher' pension accounts are,belng
cioseiv scrutinized.
f"' 3Iaj. C.lt B:Hevenias bqen.a'ppointed
of Mr. Calhoun. The friends of the latter
jMJ N IT t J J UU W
menc.
Caleb Cnsblng'it Successor.
Itls probable UutMr. Dick; a' lawyer of
ma city, ;inu De.appolutea'successor to ua-
leofjusums as counsel lor tne uniteu
States Hcfore. the, Americo-Spanish Coui'
mission.
Special to the LouljvjllqLedger.
The financial adventurers. R. K. Scott.
Governor'of South Carolina: Miles D. Par-
Kur, otaie treasurer, ana donn is. uennis.
ic-t yyainiianoi ine uoniinitieeion.Btaie ac-
10 suuniit-to me sifaves or brokers and spec- rcountsT arrived in this city Tuesday evenins.
To avoid specaJaUdBMthes'BlUell 'byrreasoir of an estrcmly ungracious'
THE ST0RX-KING.
.louiuiiicuen anit against Gen.0)lx. Details, of Karages ronnd,.New Yort.
rm.!i
xmnecn am cases of Cholera. TfamerousaSMpwrecksion tho Xakes.
buy
they and thpir constituents will regret their
course Within less than a twelve-month.
We lmveeogpencein1 the Integrity, discre.
tion and calculation of hisxceUency.,
The members of the Legislature drawtheir
rpayiactfpm theitredsury..'T&k
Inem to so fisllie revenue tiiat all who re
ceive CoinptrolIer?svannls. niay-receiie
the cash for hem and n loncer have
from
ew1obk,Xov. 10. There were thirr
teen new cases of cholera yesterday on the
hospital ship Delaware, at thelowerquaran-
i uere lias been one more death
cholera at the "West Bank Hospital.
Jno. Mitchell vs. Juo. A. Dlx;
John Mitchell calned a. nolnf. rr
the suit against Gen. Dix, for alleged false
imprisonment, Judge McCunn denvinir the
motion to transfer the case to a United
oiaies gourt lor tlie reason that it did not.
New Yoke, Nov. 10 The first snow of
the season commenced falling at 7 this mor
ning. Additional accounts show that the
effect of the storm in this vicinity Tuesday
night, and by the high tide yesterday, was
quite-severe". A large quantity of the Har
lem flats was washed away. In Jersey the
Morris canal was overflowed, submerging
basements, carrying off lumber, boats and
yachts, and damaging over $10,000 worth of
property. The lecture room of the Metho
dist Uhurcli, at Jiergen Heichts. was blown
"wholesale; deaiIers dt
goods, mrnQKB,: Mh, t
DKEEKTIXr.
comSHnd.cr- 016 Iaws of Congress of 18631 kdowii and the church damaged. In New-
WE AKE NOW IK RECEIPT OP A YEET LABQB STOCKTIOF
MMim AND DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, X0TI0XS,v JETC,
rOH JTJttE i'AIJL T11ADE,
TO WHIOH WE-INTITE THE ATTEXTIOK OF MEROHAKXS.
EVANS, FITE, PORTER CO.
epS3m
ulators
evidences of Slate bdebtediMiss. lct.ourJesUfP"?11 JLe, 'f.ftP.admlnistratire
-rtW JWh.4 S.vr st -"rffomcIals, left early yesterday morning for
isiawrs give us a revenue wmcn will deprive Chart. vnh rTi all rtf -tYfamn mam.
mocraevjof thoState expect that their- Rep-teoyernmentuse-to giTanjomaddrfl H10 1X5 f-'l-it-erpobl. The"' papers 'for
r,S iaKiklat w tuT"- irelatlvcr to theVannoutbyswindle. whieli ?bout one mlUion such claims have alreadv
..un.vo -u.u..ivv.iuUiuiM me I XT... i, beenniitin fnri,, rr n. i
I tifto uuctubutu 1U lien XlUH, OUU UiruUUU I uwuncu, il 4UCklUll
i'j'wWcTiaie'Staie'wlsto be saddled with amTim?.y o.WMthowWfanif atulllfthe.
uaujui vunuerwrjeers, under the wash-.
or lboo, the arrest liavinc nmiwil .Ti. i.t
1865, "subsequent to the date- flvoH
Presidential proclamation as the close of
tne rebellion.
A w Class or Alabama Claims.
A morning naner savs: "We inirfprstnnii
tliat some of our shipping merchants are
prepariiig their claims .against J the British:
Government, to be presented to the Geneva
Commissioners for a return of the war nre-
mmms which they paid in 1803-64. after thrf
dsjapjs of the .pirate Alabamafrom
public welfare.
EL Vedcany private aU"viCMfrbin 'Nasli-
vuie, tmt Hie iiogislature in joint com
tion, yesterday, re-elected Messrs, Jo:
rurvis tIhaiic-Mnfersfby--t
thJrvoJo-iJCluiUfket of the J'couiitry)
comumaium received n vote. A
cal candidatfrb'bta'bied'12
nntl Jlerald.
Radi-,
Jinoxvuieifresa.
THE TAXES.
1 (From i&a Atlicna Post.
We liave met a number of the taxpayers
uiiiiucuuHcvinceourjasiissuenciiiuey
1dl,"?Uhour exception, express themselves
in favor of fixing the standard of taxation
at a rate" fully adequate to meet all the
wants of the State. While deprecatlug the
heavy and oppressive burdens entailed upon
ithe energy and ludustry of the peo
"ple by the war, they will cheerfully bear
,.all if some plan or system be inaugurated
which promises a gradual extinguishment
of Ihe public debt and the re-establishment
'of c6nlidenc6 in the good faith and Integ
rity of the commonwealth. This Is the
prevailing sentiment among the substantial
citizens of this section.
CITY
3ir.ii-
AXD CO CXTKY-TH E
CIIASTTS' TAX.
To tha Editors of tho Union and American t
When we edma to put into" practical
shape the pplicy that is forced upon us by
State needs and State honor when we
come to fix the rates of taxation on a living
basiswe do not see how our merchants!
tax can be'ihterfercd with at present, howJ
ever anxious we may be to meet the views
and wishes, ,pf that enteriirising class. If
these privilege taxes should be abolished, to
any appreciable Extent, the tax on real
estate must go up to sixty or seventy cents
to make up the deficiency. Such.'ah'alter-
tnauve cannot Tjc entertained, for we feel
that fifty cents is "the highest notch that the
masses of our people can endure, and noth
ing but the Imperative demands of a deple-
w,u treasury coum inunce us to advocate
even that rate. Therefore we would appeal
to the patriotism and public spirit of the
mercantile community to hold off, ia our
present embarrassed condition, and shoul
der as oest they can, theirshare of the pub-
ucuurueas iiisqueatnea us by Radical
profligacy. We know it is hard times with
the merchant, and relief would bo grateful;
out e juiow aiso tnai it is harder times
with the farmer, and any increase of taxa
tion will crush, out all .hope and effort.
Besides, we do not regard the array of
siaiisiics presented by our merchants
as an entirely accurate criterion of the
amount of oppression involved In the privi
lege tax. All taxes are necessarily a' dis
crimination agalust industry, economy and
enterprise, because the indolent and shift
less havp nothing to tax. We take it that
the merchant counts his taxes in tho ad
vance on his goods, just as he counts rents,
salaries, freights, insurance and other inci
dentals. Therefore the tax ultimately
comes out of tin consumer's pocket. Every
man tliat driula ooffee or sweetens it, and
every woman that wears calico or trims it,
pays a proportion of the privilege tax. The
burden seenu to hi already distributed
among all classes as equitably as is possible
in tha nature of things. It is virtually an
Indirect tax on the people at large, and if it
touches each consumer so lightly as to be
unfelt, so much the better. Indirect taxa
tion is always the most satisfactory.
Again, the natural currents of finance
tendcontinually to concentrate money at
commercial centres. For revenues we
must have ready cash, and it is easiest to
collect it where cash accumulates. This
obvious method is certainly the least op
pressive, and perhaps, after all is said, the
least unjust. One half the revenues of the
United States are collected in New York
city, because it is our great commercial em
porium; but the burden is none the less dis
tributed throughout the country. It may
be objected that this makes the" merchant a
revenue collector for the government; but
so Is the landlord a collector of taxes from
every renting householder. In the multi
plied relations of society, every one of us
pays our proportion of taxes, the only ex
ception being that while the wealthy
may sometimes shirk some portion of their
burthen, there is no such escape for the poor
and struggling.
.For these reasons -vve question the exped
iency of interfering at present with our es
.tablhhed channels of revenue. When bet
ter times justify it,none shall be more clam
orous than we for the freest commerce pos
sible. Rosticus.
LOUISVILLE.
Tito rails Canal.
CurcixxATi, Nov. 16 A special corres
pondence to the Gazette says that the old
canal 'at "Louisville will be open for boats
next Tuesday, but tliat it will be about three
weeks before the new canal Mill be ready for'
passage, tliat time being njutred to remove
the mud from thelorks and elsewhere.
Tho Cumberland nnd Ohio Road.
There was a warm discussion in the City
Council to-night on tlie proposition to sub
scribe twelve hundred thousand dollars to
the Cumberland and Ohio Railroad, on
condition tliat it is made a Louisville road.
Action is postponed till next Thursday
night. The proposition will probably carry
despite the strong opposition of the Louis
ville and Nashville Railroad.
it-.
I -0v -"w""! -w nduuwi, Ju, 'no case
of a forged'checK that theahk.payliig it
.fis'tlie-loser, though drawtffe' another instl-
tution. The National Mechanics'
Association suners-$15,500.
Elcetl6ii Si'rands.
Banking
The committee' of sptohwkto1 m.Mon 1 v,!st
r J T' i uuimu fciitt ouiuuuci IUU31CUi
wuimug iu liiuc warns, wmcn wiu
result in unseating two more Tammmv As
semblymen.
Police Captain Kennedy was yesterday
formally charged, by Owen O'Conriell, chal-
lengeroi tne sixth ward, with having oh- I mi.if-itlimr nn r uu
structedJhimJu lis -duties on-election day. til 7 o'clock this morning, when thevlvere"
ouuge ujioert, oi meunreme Court. has f.ikpn ntr 'n r.-irf,v.,ia j.-
granted a mandamus restraining the can- tination known.
howrermmunicl enough to miiiuato '"Ston treaty, are to be taxed for these war
tnaf so lar as possible tliey will make Kimf- Prem'dJns that they received
ton, the New York Financial Acent of the A Mem. for Bank'Tcii:
uon. it will be remembered that Itefore
JUiesEegJslitureCor tfiis-mfe iujournld lat'
Jieiu some time in Jatiuanf;'irt Charlestoil
referrtd'ebifges'against the State Eoyerri.
ment for fraudulently- issuing bonds. Bd-
ing forced therefoby public'opinion the Leg
islature appointed a committee to investi
gate Into these charges.
Complexion of the Committee.
4 -This committer was composed-of three
members; one ofwhom Vas iVhitlemnm.
ex-Congressional cadet broker, and another
Tim. Hurley, who has openly boasted that
ne uas oougnt up the State legislature on
several occasions. This committee, in com
pany with the State -officials mentintiAil
above, proceeded to A ew York about four
weeks since, where, instead of invtsf imiHii(
the fraudulent transactions in question, they
have been endeavoring to compromise and
hush' them up. "I'htfcoinmittce Have ho re
port to make against the Governor or State
Treasurer whatever, and appear fully satis
fled that the only culpable party is in New
York, a broker. The onlv explanation thev
uuve mi uuer as to wny tne !Ri,uuu,uuo bonds
did not want to make two jobs of the prints Democratic State" Senators at Troy, to-day.
ing, but intended .to have the bonds ready to consider the propriety of an extra session
wnen tney were prepared to change tho '01 me Jjcgisiature to pass the new reform
iorms ox tne jstate securities.
The. Fighting Colonel of Illinois.
The case of Collector Robb. of Savannah.
a uuneiguiug anoincr investigation. Kobb
came near being ousted a few weeks since,
but through the influence of Dick Yates is,
allowed to hold over until a reDoit can he'
made by an agent of the Treasury Depart-
lueiiioym, especially to iook into lloob's
case. Boutwell's perseverance in holding
this fellow in office is an insult to the en
tire State government, since his removal has
been urged by Senator Hall, Attoniev Gen
eral Akerman,. and the. entire Republican
delegation in Congress. Beside his removal
would be justified, on the cround of his
entire unfitness for the office, for dishonesty Stirring up the Insurance Companies. Coreai
uu uiuci uiuaia. xma xvuuu is uie same
fellow who, when he first went to Georgia,
told immense jstories about, his deeds of
prowess in the Union army, where he was
known as the fighting. Colonel of Illinois,
when in fact he never was in the army at
all except-as' an inefficient member of the
sanitary brigade
ark over 20,000 worth of nroDCrtv was in.
jured by the wind sind stater, several unfin
ished houses being demolished .and cellar
basements .flooded. At Elizabeth a brick
foundryand five buildings were blown down.
The damage to tliejshippingisSonsIderable.
Ifls expected that further losses will be re
ported. Jin unfinished church in Plalnfield
was also destroyed.
Piiilaijixphia, Nov 10. Snowing here
all day.
On the Enkes.
Toronto. Nov. 16. Advices from 'all the
lake ports represent the storm as' very se
vere and that great damage vas done to
shipping. The schooner George'Foote, of
Detroit, is ashore 'at the mouth of the Nia
gara river. Ihe crew were saved. The
propeller Enterprise is aground at.South
Bay. The tug Sam Lewis is ashore in Owen
Sound and is supposed to be a total loss.
The gunboat, Princo Alfred, went to the as
sistance of the schooner Gold Hunter and
had her in tow", but was obliged to. cut her
adrift to save their own vessel. The Gold
HLunter had on' board a captain, mate aid
juun iuun. a jiq;, captain oi the gunboat
S. B. SPDRLOCIC
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
J. 3r.,S?DIlLOCK.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WH0I1MI GROCERS Ai COTTON FACTORS,
DEALERS IW FOREIGN AMD DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street,
I AM NOW RECEIVING THEiABQEST
and best selected stock of
FAIL&WINTER GOODS
Eyer brought to thU market. I am ere
Of ClOUlUlg
.niE, PA.. NOV. 16. The schooner
Montcalm went ashore early yesterday
morning, two miles east of Girard.Pennsvl-
vania. There were ten persons aboard of
her. All efforts toward their rescua wen
vassers of King's county, from proceeding
tuitli lio raf r J.v'!.
-I UIO V.i 1. UUUII k III I. Ill" N1YIII
ward, svhere.iLis claimed the ballot boxes
were stuffed, and IfcTvas an impossibility to
poll as many votes as'appeared.
Another Horse Car Collision.
A horse'ear was demolished at. "Yowiwi
Long Island, last evening, by the South Side
Railroad train. Fourteen nassomvrs
jumped off In tlino to save their lives.
J'xtra Eegrtslature.
A special says Gov. Hoffman met th
w mv uv iv 1C1U11JI
cliarters already drafted by O'Conor, Tilden
and others for New Yorkand Brooklyn.
Democratic IteorjrnalxnHon.
Ex-Gov. Sevmour to-dav Kid a Innir
ferenco wiUi S..G. Courtnev. Chairman of
tneApouo liall democratic Committpo.
relative to the reorganization of the Demo
cratic elements in the city and State. It is
Known that fceymour is anxious for the,
vxuisuimaiiuu oi iue party nere with a view
of excluding tLccorniptionists of Tammany
nuui me luiuru orKing party.
On the Atlantic
Rockisd.Me., Nov. 16. The severest
gale known here for years commenced on
Tuesday night and still continues: The sea
ran higher in our harbor yesterday than has
been known since 1855. The wharves and
shipping were badly damaged.
Portsmouth, N. H., Nov. 10 The
storm continues but the tide is not so higli
as yesterday. The beaches and road on the;
seashore at Rye and Hampton are seriously
injured. No trains over the Eastern Rail
road have arrived here since the storm
commenced.
Across the "Water.
Loxdon, Nov. 16. Heavy gales prevailed
all yesterday and last night around the Brit
ish coast. Several casualties to shipping are
reported, but no American vessels mentioned.
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
SE5ATE.
Thursday, Nov. 16. The Senate met
at 9 A. sr., Speaker Vaughn in, tho chair.
RAILROAD COUNSEL f EES
House reso!uUQnspe(Aing.the claims of
Messrs. Ewing, Cooper and Reese, for fees
as counsel for the State was taken up and
adopted. t
HOUSE BILL OX THIRD READING.
For tho protection Of fair grounds.
Passed.
HOUSE RILLS ON SECOND READINO.
To cede West Tennessee Division Fair
.Grounds to West Tennessee Agricultural
and Mechanical Association. Passed.
To proyide for the cancellation of bonds.
Passed.
To authorize Justices of the Peace to, de
termine questions of suretyship. Passed.
To repeal the act suppressing hunting
and fishing in the counties of Benton and
Humphreys. Passed.
To establish the line between the coun
ties Of Carter and Sullivan. Passed.
To aid revenue collectors, and all other
persons charged bv law with the collection
of taxes, In the more efficient discharge of
their duties. Passed.
To change the fine between the counties
oC Wilson and DeKalb.- Passed.
To change the line between the counties
of Hawkins aitdJEamblin. Passed.
To fix the price of public printing. Passed.
Fpr, the benefit of B.-F. Champ. Passed.
I UNFINISHED BUSINESS. V
The consideration of House bill to au
thorize the Kiilroad commissioners to perfect
their sales, was resumed.
i Mr. Coulter moved to insert the word
"passed" jo the. bill- wherever the .word
"guaranteehad been stricken out by the
amendment.of Mr- Warren. He explained
that the amendment he (Mr. Coulter) now
introduced was intended merely to make
good sense of the bill,, and not to introduce
an objectionable feature.
Mr Clarke objected to the amendment
on the ground "that it proposed to undo to a
certain extent what had been effected by
Mr. Warren's amendment.
Mr. Coulter -withdrew his motion.
Mr. Brandon introduced a series of
amendments to strike out every clause in
the bill binding the State to guarantee title
ti nnrrhasprs. and tn mitlinrim tha vm
missioners to make any terms with stock- TT'),IJ?9pP?5?A?n entire STOCK OP furniture r t. m,pwnr,n
holders now litigating, that they might "wratL?VBk at
think advantageous to the interests of the g bargain tathbHnl: C06T i all CASH., Call and replenku. Theonly chance BNKiSkiSiokE
Mr. Gibson offered the following amend
ment to section 4: Provided that nothing
BRADFORD
to
grade
Bagging and Ties Famished and Liberal Advances made.
Mciusiva Agews ror the sale of Manning's TOtAy and Annb Sheetings-
ocl 3d sp
FURNITURE! FURNITURE!'
One of the most elegant and best assorted Stock of Furniture
BARGAINS, BARGAINS, BARGAINS VH FURNITURE.
At Erlces-thatDery Competition.
Tha fbUowtna-U a partial Hst of article &om
my ctock, which will giro some Idea or toe extent
of my purchases:
OOA ITS
Castor Bearer.
Bine and Black Opera,
erty ana Chesterfield,
DlaTonabfarid.OIIv Brown.
Prince Alberts,
Sew Karket,
Fleetwood.
Also.a'fidlRnedr Static Cloth Coat, of
an styles, qualities and prices.
BOO Pair Blaelc DoenUln,
Caaslraere Panta or all Qualities,
VSSTS.
velTet Vestiris complete as to quantity, qual
ity and price.
Yi e nave uava also on hand a fall line of
Ovoroonts,,
In addition tn th V. jfvJH'SS'
hand a full line or Gentlemen's l"urnish
lnsr Gootls.
Wo-offitt these mwvtn tn tfc tAa i
market rates. Onr ihvv u
f erery department:
Planters, Merchants and the PnWlo eencrally
are invited to call and examine oar stock before.
purcuasuig euewnere.
ine many rrtenda of JAMES W. EVANS.
.'Sf" connected with this house, will find him
af Ull3,0Jd well-known stand, and ha win be
mv'v1? ttrf:l' the stock, i at
with thishooM. xmiviii k. rvr'r?:
rnends giro him a call, guaranteeing toslease
them In every respect.
CHICAGO.
FOREIGN.
Terrible Storms and Floods in China.
Oyer 1,000 Persons Drowned.
cnrnA,
THE CAROLIXAS.
Overdoing the Thing;.
Nkw York, Nov. 16. A Raleigh", 3. 0..
dispatch states that six Ku-Klux were ar
rested in l ancey county, who are charged
hu muruer, arson, Durgiary and raie.
They liad whipped Mr. Hensely and son,
drove out W. C. Brakins and wife and
burned his bouse. They then went to the
house of Alfred Brakins, a blind man, burst
the doors open, beat him nearly to death,
tore an infant from Mrs. Brakins, dashing It
across the room, and three of the villains
outraging her. ishe is dying.
Tammany Ku-HIax!
A Yorkville dispatch states that the nris-
oners there will be turned over to the United
btates civil authorities for trial uext week.
An official there states there is evidence that
the Ku-Klux were supplied with funds from
Tammany.
INDIANA.
of
Tho I'nrk Murderers Threats
Lynching.
Louisville, Nov. 10. Tlie Grand Jury
of Clark county. Indiana, lias found bills
against 'Squire Taylor, Clias. Davis' and'
George .Johnson, negroes, for the Park
murder. Tne testimony is jtrong ugainst
them. Taylor's grandson,- years old,
corroborates Johnson's confession. The
feeling is very strong against the prisoners,
and au attempt to lynch them will be made.
Helen Park, the youngest daughter, Is
sinking fast. Eveline seems better but it is
liardly probable that she can recover. There
is liardly a doubt left tliat the prisoners
kQle'd the Park family for money.
YieksBLKG.
Yellow Fovcr Disappeared.
Vicksbukg, Miss., Nov. 10. There is
no yellow ,1'avur here and it is safe for ab
Bintees tb'return. Cool and clear. River
rising.
CONDENSED TELEGRAMS.
Iter. Thomas Vickers, pastor of the First
Congregational Vnitarian Church, in, Cin
cinnati, lias ivsiuU'-Hl. to take eflect about
Xew YearV. 11 will devote himself to
literary labor.
Ed. Thompson, a well-known horseman,
of Chilbrath, Ohio, diedyesUrduy fiom an
jveadoso of liydrate of chloral.
The new government f Yokohama en
tetalnefltlie fireign consuls with adiimer
on," Oct. 2$, aud radically progressive
speeches wre induced In.
UTAH.
Postponement or the Mormon sTriaI.
Salt -Cake. Nov. 16. The. TTnlTpd
States- District Court' met again to-dav.
After diSDOsinsrrof some -lmininnrtAtitrii-il
mattcrs.lt adjourned until -Monatanext.
vne reason lor inis delay on the criminal
cases is the absence of counsel engaged
in the mining suits; another is to give am
ple time to all the parties indicted to plead.
Where Is Brigbam
Elder George G. Cannon's DaDer to-niplif.
has a leading article to show that Brigham
Young has a right to travel anywhere with
out question, and Is very sarcastic on the
press all over the Union on account of its
curiosity to know Brigham's whereabouts.
Cannon, however, is careful not even to
hint where Brigham has gone or where he
is.
.ii ineeiing is called to onranizn n tw
lodge of Odd i ellows in this city.
THE PACIFIC SLOPE.
Coilj-er's Bed, Demons Money no Ob
ject,
San Francisco, Nov. 10. Dlsnafrfics
irom irizoua say me Indians who butch
ered the AVickenburg stage passengers, scat
tered the greenbacks around on thecmnnd.
land did not take even the coin from the.
bodies of most of the passengers. Active
ipursuit is being made.
llie press Of the Pacific coast are im.ini-
luiuiu iu UUK.-1 ucuuuciauon oi uouyers m-
tenerence in Arizona.
Cocltise Ott.thCL .Wnr Path,
j Arizona advices reiterate the charge that
,Cochise is not, or has not been on the Can
ada Alcmozo reservation, hut is on the war
jpath, another Indian, not a cripple, but re
sembling him, having'Beensent to personate
Jiim, and draw rations from theFeace Com
missioners. People knowing him well
wear to seeing him in late fights and
.speaking to him.
OMAHA.
A Strange Casualty.
OMAHA, Nov. 16. A laborer emnlnveil
on a dirt train on the Union Pacific Road
was run over, .yesterday, four wheels pass
ing over his. legs. It was found that the
bones of his legs were neither mashed nor
broken, and the flesh but slightly cut. He
was taken to the hospital, hut died last even
ing, lie is supposed to have died from the
nervous shock.
A BushM hacking- Decision.
A verdict of $10,000 was found against
the United States Express Company to-d3y
in the suit of Ware& Co., bankers, to3'
cover money stolen from them on the Ilan
iubal and St. Joe Railroad by bushwhackers
during the rebellion.
RICHMOND.
Tunnelling; Church Hill.
Richmond, Nov. 10 The City Council
this evening appropriated $200,000 for the
phrpose of tunnelling Church Hill, in this
city, for the extension of the eastern ter
minus of the Chesapeake and Oliio Railroad
to the tide water of the James river.
I One-half of the State debt, nearly $25
000,000, has been funded to date.
NEW JERSEY.
Thkktojt, Nov. 16 The official returns
for Governor show Parker's majority to be
0,007.
Chicago, Nov. 16 A meeting of nnVm
holders in suspended Insurance Companies
was held at Stanard Hall last evening, lion.
I. N. Ornsld presiding.
lion. Wm. F. Coolbausrh said lie. Iiad
made up his mind that it mw tlie ,intv nf
the merchants of Chicago to determine the
mutual relations existing between them and
tne insurance companies, especially in view
of the fact of the immense difference exist
ing between their proposed settlements and
their published assets. lie proposed a se
lect committee to be sent to New York
with instructions to make the fullest inves
tigations, neieit compelled to say there
was as much disposition in New York com
panies to drive hard bargains as those of
Chicago. He thought every suspended
company in New York, Boston, Hartford
and other cities, should be made to offer a
fairer settlement than twenty-five per cent.,
having as they did in many instances, a
surplus of hundreds of thousands of dol
lars. Insurance companies ought to be
taught that thev should be honest ni -el'
as other persons.
Mr. btillman, of New York, was called
uiKui to speak, lie represented the re
ceiveis of the Atlantic, Manhattan and Se
curity companies, of New York. He had
been asked what amount can you oav. That
question would never be answered, even
where the comnanv was solvent, hut. ho
thought, taking the companies as thev mn
in New York, with two or three dishonora-
uie exceptions, there was not any feeling to
do otherwise than to pay every cent due to
the Chicago suflerers. The Manhattan and
aecunty companies would probably pay
from sixty to seventy-five cents.
The chair then appointed au executive
committed to report a plan of action to be
submitted to a meeting to be called. The
following are the committee: Y. F. Cool
baugh, Cyrus Bentley, C. B. Farwell, Mar
shall ieiu, O. 31. Henderson, J. L.Thomp
son, J. F. Bonfield, John Cresar and Geo.
Peabody.
The March of Despotism.
The Evening Journal has it-from a trust
worthy authority that "the grand jury now
iu session in this city lias had the matter of
tne ueatn oi col. Grosvenor under investi
gation, and after a very careful and thor
ough examination of all the facts lie.irincr
upon the case, to-day come to the unani
mous conclusion that there was no good
ground for an indictment either against
young Treat, who did the shooting, Mayor
Mason, Lieut. Gen. Sheridan or the other
muitary or civil officers under whose orders
the city was being guarded and patrolled at
the time of the unfortunate homicide.
The Banks.
Wamiixutox, Nov. 10 The Examiner
designated by the Comptroller of the Cur
rency to make investigation of the affairs of
me wiuiij;u ituuiiai uanits uamaged by
tlie fire, reports that the losses will be in
reality much less than was estimated just
after tho fire, and that under the circum
stamces the condition of the Banks is excellent.
Campaign Terrible Floods
and Iioss of Idle.
Shanghai, Oct. 12 Baron Richtofen
has started to explore the extreme north
west of China.
More tlian three hundred lives lost at
Maco, during the typhoon of Sept. 2.
Minister Low has returned to Pekin. The
Corean expedition seems to be given up.
The rains continue In the North. "With
in, the last .ten days the waterhas been
liigheV than at any previous days. Twenty
thousand square miles of territory have
been inundated. One thousand people
were drowned in New Chianag.
CONSTANTINOPLE.
3S0 'Deaths from Cholera.
Loxdox, Nov. 16 A dispatch from Con
stantinople reports that there were 380
cholera deaths last week.
"greaTritaln.
Another Wljran Massacre.
Loxdox, Nov. 10 A tremendous ex
plosion occurred in the colliery of Wigan ata
late hour yesterday. The buildings in the
vicinity were wrecked. The people rushed
from the houses. A panic prevailed for
some time. The explosion was heard in
the country around for several mile3. Much
alarm is felt. Fortunately the disaster oc
curred after the working gangs had with
drawn, or the loss of life would have been
appalling. Six men were killed, and possi
bly one or two more will be found. The
cause of the explosion is unknown.
Money Easier.
The Bank of England has reduced the
rate of discount to four per cent.
New York, Nov. 10. Reports from
London say it is estimated that ten millions
sterling belonging to the French Govern
ment are on deposit there, and held for pay
ment of the German indemnity. The mon
etary disturbances in Paris have partially
abated. It is reported that .the Bank of
France intends to double its capital, making
it 375,000 francs, iloney is plenty in Ger
many, and is rapidly drifting into American
securities. Germany will, early next year,
redeem thirty millions sterling of the war
loans, half of it in January aud February.
In this act shall be so construed as to vest.
or authorize to be vested in any purchaser
of any road heretofore or hereafter sold by
the State, anything except the State's inter
est in such road; and provided further tliat
in no event shall the State be held bound
by any direct or implied guaranty of title to
any such road, it being hereby declared to
be the true and only intent of the State to
quitclaim her interest in the "various rail
roads heretofore or hereafter to be sold, and
in no event to be bound by any express or
Implied covenant of warranty, or other as
surance of guaranteed title.
Inline .debate which ensued on this
amendment, Messrs. Brandon, Merritt,
Gibson, Clarke, Porter, Hughes, Coulter
and Ridley addressed the Senate.
'Mrc-Tolley moved to-Lty the amendment
on the table. Carried. Yeas 18, Noes 6.
Mr. Gibson moved to strike out the entire
preamble. Lost.
The bill then passed on its third reading.
A 1 c vr n
The Senate rose for recess at 12:30 p. ii.
After recess, the Senate met at 2:30 p. jl.
and took up
6ESATE BILLS OX THIRD JtEADIXG-
To regulate the 'carrying of weapons.
Passed.
To repeal an act establishing a conven
tional rate of interest. Mr. Clark offered a
bill in lieu fixing the interest on property
contracts at six per cent, and on money
loans at ten per cent. Both bills were re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
To make tho crime of rape a capital of
fence. 3Ir. Gibson offered an amendment to
make it optional with the jury to commute
the punishment to imprisonment in the
Penitentiary for ten years.
After some discussion the bill and amend
ments were referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee. To remand causes from the Supreme to
Inferior Courts for the sale of lands.
Mr. McConnell moved in amendment the
following: "Except in cases where the
property to be sold is located in the county
wherein the Supreme Court rendering the
final decree is held, in which case the court
may execute its own decree as heretofore;"
which was adopted.
The bill was lost on tha third reading;
ayes 7, noes 15.
A motion to reconsider was carried, and
aftera short discussion the bill' was tabled.
Adjourned till 8 A. sr., to-morrow.
G-OOds.
NICHOL.
nov3eod2w splstp
000, and bis report for 1871 to the present
General Assembly shows delinquencies to
the sum of $2,083,000, and by what means
do gentlemen come to the conclusion that
there will be no delinciuents In thevear
1872? "We cannot fail to nrovide fnr the
redemption of the old issue of the Bank of
lennessee, for we are bound to receive it.
We cannot fail to redeem the outstanding
warrants, for they are in the hands of the
Judges and other officials ivho have per
formed services for the State. While the
warrants bear no Interest, the holders there
of should not be compelled to wait for their

payment, wnue tne bondholder is paid to
an ai ma rate oi o per cent.
e vies as tending to engender so dangerous
ft aantimont
This Legislature he thought
respond to the general demand for reduced
taxes, ii ltiaued to reduce them to the
point proposed by the minority, and It
should be our highest aim to carry out the
ir ft "iwson mis most vital question.
3Ir. Hinkle moved to strike out fifty and
wxn twenty cents as the ba3is of taxation.
iTJtuuui. cuiuiug to a vote the House au-
journeu until jo o'clock to-morrow.
DISAPPROVED.
n.,.-:
""""b mstuwiun op tne tax. bill a
message was received from the Governor,
aimuuacmg nis disapproval of the bill to
MIKE POWERS'
Star Clothinir Store.
Corner Market and Square,
sepSeodSmsplstp XASHVILLE, TEKK.
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
CLOTHING 'TRADE.
We liave just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-made
Goods, adapted to the early
linnn thpir
bonds. We must Dreoare to oav the loan I nrohihif. ihrnr rr t i e EV77 7 TTT j j jt
account, because if we fail to do so, we for- hto&rl$ Z W" rrmu!r Wear J l
ieic jjuu,uuu in bonds of the State, which
are nypotnecated lor the sum of $200,000,
and if we fail to redeem we will suffer a loss
academies.
TErOTESSEE SEWS.
AUSTRIA.
An Imperial Appeal to the People.
Viexxa, Nov. 10. The Bohemian diet
still refuses to send deputies to the Reichs
rath here. The Imperial government is
discussing a proposition to throw the-elections
open to the people of Bohemia, so
that they may choose and send delegates
to the Reichsrath without the intervention
of the Provincial diet.
Prague, Nov. 10 evening An Impe
rial decree has been received from Vienna,
ordering the immediate election of members
to the Austrian Reichsrath directly by the
people of .Bohemia. The usual public no
tifications of holding of election were at
once issued.
PHILADELPHIA.
A Knave or a Tool.
Philadelphia, Nov. 10 Maj. Cal
houn has sent in his resignation of the
Pension Agency to the Secretary of the
Interior, asking him to close his accounts
before his successor takes possession. He
asserts tliat his reported defalcation is un
true, and that an examination of his ac
counts will show a balance against the gov
ernment. A Washington special says that
uiu iiivisb nyiu uAiiimiiaiion uoes not estab
lish the fact that he is a defaulter, nr used
funds with a wrong intention. The defici
ency in his money balance is attributed to
his ignorance of the system of keeping
books!
The Funny Men seem disposedfto make
the most of each other. Artemus Ward is
dead, and next winter Mark Twain is tn
lecture upon Artemus Ward. Next lecture
season Mark Twain may be dead (though
we-heaftily hope- not), and then snmehnHv.
we" suppose, will lecture upon him, unless
the funny style should-have passed into dis
use. The Byronian mania was bad enou"h;
it wasn't pleasant to have all our young
poets groaning and blubbering about their
destiny; but isn't it just possible that we
may have a little too much of what has
ueen caned (we do not know why) Ameri
can humor, a great deal of it consisting
mainly of bad spelling and syntax? The
gentlemen who practice in this school of
literature have, some of them at least, plenty
of ability for something better.
SCRANT0N.
The Bottom Falling: oat!
New York.Nov.IO AScranton dispatch
says: Consternation prevails at Hvde Park
in consequence of the caving of the earth
over Oxford Mine. The buildings were
badly shaken; no injury to persons. There
are large apertures in the streets.
ST. LOUIS.
As n Cotton nnd Tobacco 3Iart,
St. Louis, Nov. 10. The cotton and to
bacco dealers of this city have organized
associations with a view to increasing facili
ties for the reception and sale of these st.--
ples and to make St. Louis a.grcat market
ior mem.
I.lttlcJInc
J as
ton correspondent
mercial
assumed
the Banocrat in this city to-day.
Tnorjon we have very good authority that
"matches are made in heaven," brimstone
matches are generally excluded from the
category. But from Kansas City,where every
thing strange ocurs, conies evidence that they
too, are of heavenly origin. A couple, deter
mined to be yoked, entered a Justice's
just after dark. The gas fixtures were bro
ken, and there was no light; but they would
be rnarricd. So, in the smoke and fume of
a dozen matches, amid the fizz of phospho
rus and fumes of sulphur, the license -ktm
examined" and the knot tied. Never before
were a bride and groom so well matched.
PERnArs the most absurd invention ever i
patented was the tapeworm trap of a west
ern doctor. The trap was a little gold cap-
ouie maul, in wu jurus wimioctn. when
the patient had been starved long enough to
i l... i i
JUcO'uIlauch. fonnerlv Washing. """Siy mis trap was halt- upon. Such a thing has never
i --j n i rt-j An.i,i 1 1 i
of the Cincinnati Com- cu' U-V 'nreat, andswal- in the history of any State, and
anuiaieot thnraiimirnnnM,'Mn' I un'-u' a one, tne traD assurance that the averages in
-.sw-vi.iw.huii. i i.. i ,r i o
a position on the e.iitrtr?,! cfnffoF l","-" '"lc"u l" bu aua cat.cn me. worm 1 187" wi not he as frent n tho
in its teeth, and trap and worm were to be
hauled up by the thread.
HOUSE OF BEPKESESTATTTES.
Thursday, Nov. 10. The House was
called to order at 10 o'clock, Speaker Rich
ardson in the chair.
DELIXQUEXT RAILROAD FEES.
Mr. 3rartin from the Judiciary Commit
tee, submitted the following report, with the
statement that the report submitted yester
day on the same subject was signed by all
the members of the committee present ex
cept one, and not by the full committee,
lacking one
Your committee beg leave to submit this
in the nature of a supplementary report to
their report on the subject of fees' to rail
road counsel and commissioners. Infor
mation has been received since submitting
the report on yesterday that Hon. Robt. J.
McKinnes Arch. Wright, Francis B. Fogg,
and Ed. R. Pennebaker have not filed their
claims respectively for $5,000 as compensa
tion for their services as Commissioners in
the matter of the delinquent railroads. The
information is obtained from the accounts
in the newspapers, published as the state
ment of the Clerk and Master of the Chan
cery Court at Nashville, and from the pri
vate letter which accompanies the report,
and signed by Mr. J. A. 3IcKinney.
In justice to these distinguishedgentlemen
this statement is made by the committe?.
and for the purpose of correcting any Injnst
Impressions as to their connection with the
matter complained of.
The report is signed by sixteen members
of the committee.
XEW BILLS AXD RESOLUTIOX8.
By 3lr. Cheatham: A resolution provid
ing that, In view of the depleted condition
,of the State Treasury, the members of the
General Assembly receive their per diem in
tie old issue .notes of the Bank of Ten
nessee.
By.-3If. .Lumpkin: A bill exempting
ground 'rents from all taxation except for
otaiv purposes.
THE TAX BILL.
The consideration of the tax bill was re
sumed. Mr. Snipes opposed the fifty cent feature
of the bill, and advocated forty cents as what
he considered a fair and reasonable Jiasis'of
taxation. He gave the facts and figures on
which he based his arguments for a reduc
tion to forty cents. He urged members to
stand upon this middle ground and do equal
justice to all, and let consequences take
care of themselves. Our duty is to tho
peopie oi tne wnoie state, when we have
done that we have done all that we can,
and have a consciousness that bonds, or fu
ture promotion can never give.
Mr. Spears followed in advocacy of the
hill. We are bound, he said, to raise a suf
ficient revenue, redeem the old issue of the
Bank of Tennesseejamounting to $750,000,
and to payoff the outstanding warrants
against the State, amounting to $709,000,
the current expenses of the State, the sum
of $600,000, and the loan account of $206,
000, in all tho sum of $2,208,000. We liave
300,000,000 taxable property in the State,
and the amount of revenue that will be
raised on fifty cents on the $100 worth oi
property will be $1,500,000, and the amount
of revenue raised on privileges as the law
now stands, 150,000; m all the sum of $1,
050,000, leaving a deficit of $318,000.
The estimate of the minority in their re
port i3 based upon the supposition that all
the arrears of tax out from the year 1865 to
1S72 will be paid into the treasury within
the next fiscal year. This cannot be relied
been known
we have no
November,
one to-day
of $294,000,
The honor and credit of the State, allied
as it Is to the welfare of the people, demand
me passage oi this bill.
Mr. McCalL opposed the bill in rema rks
which will be found elsewhere.
Mr. Carr opposed the bill, contending that
the taxes it proposed were altogether too
burdensome, besides being really more than
are required to meet the current expenses
of the State. He estimated that in round
numbers the people would have to pay in
back taxes, and in State and county taxes
p-ovided this bill should pass the sum of
eigui minions oi uoiiars. un a people at
reauy sunenng irom the burdens of over
taxation, and with large numbers partially
impoverished, this sum was simply oppres
sive, .neap up tne taxes in this way, and
you place the people m that condition of
discouragement, so that at last they become
opposed to paying any taxes at all. Make
the taxes reasonable, just sufficient to meet
the expenses or the btate, and while we will
be able to keep up the State credit, the bur
dens of taxation will not fall too heavy on the
peopie.
Mr. Lewis advocated the passage of the
bill. The ad valorem tax was now sixty
cents; tne present om placed it at fifty
cents a material reduction. Presenting an
array of facts and figures, and reading ex
tracts from the reports of the Comptroller
and ireasurer, he contended that it could
not possibly be shown how the State could
meet her liabilities at a lower rate of taxa
tion than fifty cents on the hundred dollars.
It was worse than folly to suppose that the
State had not to make provision to pay her
just acots. lie would make the prediction
now mat u sucn provision were not made,
repudiation was simply inevitable.
Before Mr. Lewis had concluded his re
marks, the House adjourned until 2:30 p. m.
Afternoon Session.
Mr. Lewis resumed his remarks in favor
of the tax bill. Those who contend for a
fifty cent tax, he said, were with the finance
officers of the State, who, by virtue of their
position, were compelled to be thoroughly
familiar with the wants and requirements
of the State, in a financial way. Strike out
the fifty cent proposition and make It forty,
and you simply say that the State refuses to
pay her floating debt. The whole matter,
summed up briefly from data that cannot
lie, amounts to just this, that the State can
not meet her obligations at a lower rate of
taxation than fifty cents.
Mr. Enloe replied that arrangements were
being made lor a lease of the penitentiary,
which would insure the State against any
appropriation for the purpose of redeeming
the warrants loaned to the inspectors of
that institution.
Mr. Linn, of Fayette, followed. He was
opposed to the bill, arguing that thirty cents'
was as much as .tlie- people could stand at
present. This he considered a sufficiently
nign rate to meet present emergencies. Let
the future take care of itself. While he was
in favor of low taxes, he was no advocate of
the btate repudiating a dollar of her just
obligations. Mr. Linn continued at some
length, his arguments pretty much the
same as those enunciated by others on the
same side.
Mr. Buford, In a few brief and pointed
remarks, earnestly advocated the passage
of the bill. He was perfectly satisfied tliat
a lower rate oi taxation than fifty cents
would be insunicient to meet the State's ex-
W.m- A. Beeves, a young- man formerly
v. iiuivucaitr, uieu, recently at Winchester.
Capt. A. B. Newsom, of Sumner county,
died quite suddenly a few days since In the
,0K!rS;,whoUves,ear Beth- MGES, Ulld We earnestly
esua, in Williamson county! has received
Southtcest, than ever before,
which we will sell to mer-
cliants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Particular attention is call
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con-
letters patent for a cultivator.
l nere are b-'JoO gallons of whisky in
oonu in itobertson county. This is excht
sive of rectified liquors.
I he matrimonial fever has r.iWv t t
uunu ai, uiarnsvuie, and the market prom-
J.-n f l. t 1
k- iaj urias. on or seven mairiamH
are expected to take place soon.
Thos. Reed. Geonre Yarhmmrh m,
bnell and Jimmio Bills left Lewisburg ceded, hi (ill lliltn hnve pvnm
Monday, the 13th inst., "to improve their cea6W' U alL wn0 nave Xam
fortune in tho VTat n I 7 i7
TheworicontteSoumwesterni.,, Superiority Ill
SelX VhTtrwTrd finish, and
with au dispatch, heading straight fnr I m7 onin!i il.t -i
Sparta. euno uty ic ttut, ai,
At Lebanon, the highest market price for the VriCeS at which We OtTer
large hogs, on foot, is five cents per pound; r tc ua? uytr
dlbeeents"' y are e cheOtPesti
by far, of any in this mar led.
A Ml line of Beaver O.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefully filled.
suiau ones, iour anu a
T 1 1. M.
uiguest price paid ior good beeves is two
cents per pound, gross.
The Supreme Court at Knoxville decided
iue case oi bteve Havnes vs. the. trHmr nmi
heirs of Wm. Swan in favor of the latter.
The amount of property in litigation was
j. ne at. Louis Democrat informs us that
--ci"iuii3 ueiecuye captured a man
nameu v,iarK at tape Girardeau last -eeIr.
who is charged with stealinga railroad train
at Union City. On his way to Allenville
with his prisoner, the detective was shorn
of his laurels by the escape of the prisoner."
icier vrxieai, uierK oi the .Montgomery
County Court, gives notice that In future
no money order on the County Trustee.
drawn by the Board of Kchnnl fVimmia-
sicners, will be countersigned by him until
the monthly report of the Commissioners
shall have been properly filed. Something's
the matter.
The Clarksville Tobacco Leaf
on the evening of the 14th inst. there was
a brilliant assemblage in the parlor of Scott's
Hotel, to witness the marriaee ceremnnvnf
Mr. John B. Coulter, whose happy lot it
was to lead to tho altar the beautiful and
accomplished Miss Sue A. Stratton, of
AWUIU1UJ.IU, v U
The Lewisburg Gazette has lately Ind in
its employment a festive
Irregular habitj. He last week, during the
absence of the editor, surrounded too much
of the ardent, pied a form, emptied out two
cases, broke tlie press, appropriated the
money on hand, cursed out the wholo con
cern, and left for some new field of labor.
The editor lias reason to think his ahsent.
jour the most demonstrative spiritualist In
the business.
The Memphis and Shrevenort.
committee of fifteen met at the hall of the
Memphis Chamber of Commerce. Tuesday.
the 14th inst,, and after considerable dis
cussion, appointed, a sub committee of two
to confer with the friends of thn 'Memnhfa
and Kansas City railroad, and nhtain fmm
them such proposition as they might sub-
urn. icjjaiuuif; uniicu acuon in applying' to
the county of Shelby for aid to cnnsfrnr
me two roads.
E0L1YAS H.C00EE&CO.,
NASHVILLE, TJEJ.N.
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Public
Square.
seplOtf
HOGS.
HOGS! HOGS! HOGS!
The undersigned, Proprietors of tha
"Sewanee Pork House,"
WILL PAT
THE BEST MARKET PRICE
Soring the entire season for
WELL PATTED HOGS.
VTO Will P&ck lion QnCommluiAnfnrtfinM
who desire It on as favorable terms as It can be
done in the West.
HART". HENSLEY.
oc27 dw&wlm WoL"J2 Houtli'jlnrlcet St.
THE FAIR AT TCSCtTMBIA. AXA.
To tho Editors of the Union and American:
penses and obligations. He had seen at-l ,a3 my pleasure to visit the Fair of
least a hundred of his constituents the pre- i "scumbia andi Jrece,JUa., The people
ceding day, and there was not a man of the I C 1,10 vicinity ana efficets liaving control
whole crowd who was not in favor of a r tne institution jiuay v.ell Xongratulatc
suiucientiy 1111:11 rate 01 taxation to meet au
tbaobligations of the-otatc.
Mr. McGlothlm then addressed the
House. He said tho present condition of
the people demanded the lowest rate jof
taxation that would be adequate to meet
the floating debt and current expenses.
I here was every reason why gentlemen
should vote upon this question without
reference to our bonded debt, tho payment
of which he maintained ought not now to
be considered in connection with thisques-
tion. as Detween me oonu-noider and the
people, he should not hesitate to take the
side of the people, not yet fully recovered
from the effects of war, short crops and
heavy individual burdens. He presented a
table demonstrating that thirty cents would
be sufficient for the above purpose, and ar
gued that all above that sum was levied
in the interest of the bond-holdpr,
which surplus-"would amount to about a
half million. If, however, this rate should
be insufficient, he argued tliat the Legisla
ture should look to another source of reve
nue viz.: taxes due upon real estate for
Vt-ars nasi. anil the real e.statfisnlil fhrtheir-
payment and bought in by the State, but with any people who, with one accord, arose
neither tax norland, but u stranger welcome. Such hosDl-
tllemselves on tlm good feeling, good than.
agement and'cumpleto success -of tfieir first
.since me war. enort 01 tho Kind.
But, of the latterelace. too much
oe said, nverv ktuatr worked in the. most
r 1
yjneu, uarmsny. a nere seemed to be a
man for every place, and every man seemed
to know his place and suit it admirably; no
coniusion, no ueiay, nut everything worked
smoothly and pleasantly. The exhibition
of cattle, sheep and hogs was rather meagre
10 me eye oi.a lennesseean, outwasiullyas
good as we could expect in a country where all
ttie attention or tho farmer, until very re
cently, has been given to cotton. But
the display of horses, id all of their different
classes, 1 have pot seen excelled this fall at
any Fair id Tennessee, and it has been my
good fortune to attend most of the best in
the middle part of this State. The directo
ry combines within itself all thocnersv anil
judgment necessary to conduct a concern of
tne Kind on a magnificent scale; and at the
head of it we find a man with all the ability
necessaryfor any occasion oremergency. You
will find good and hospitable people wherever
you 50; but it has never been my lot fo meet
The amount of delinquencies in the Comp- from oppressive
troller's report for the year 1870 is $1,283,-1 bondholder shot
the State has got
been burdened by. too heavy expenses
incident to such sales. Attention to the
subject, he believed, would bring thousands"
or .dollars into the treasury,, and he invoked
the earnest attention of members to it.
He argued that repudiation might result
n .K.- 1 f AT I
uiubj me iA-ujuu ui it urcn Alabama ex
hibited has never been equaled except, byf
the gallantry 01 her sous, and surpassed.
v.Luy ujr uw wjauty anu accomplishments or
its daughters. Giles.
taxation, and
should beware of
even the
excessive
An appropriate hotel for old maids toston
at the 3Iansion (man-shun) House.
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP! f!
1 I f.. -1?
H0NA1MMKM
13 PREPARED TO TURK OUT
JOB PRINTING
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,
In the Most Satisfactory Style, upon
Brier AoUce, at the row
ent Kates.
OUR OFFICE, IX ALL ITS DEPART
MENTS, IS OJTE OF
THE MOST OTIM IX THE SOIM
SPECIAL ATTENTION
isomer to
ORDERS FROM THE COUNTRY.
OIV us a tbiax.