A., w
/\#7
V tfM it (TO. n llftfflt IY
j&^twJß^EMKW^^!
VOLUME XXVII.
IE NEW YORK DISPATCH,
PUBLISHED
EVERY SATURDAY MORNING,
At Ro. 11 Frankfort street.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, 55 00 A YEAR.
A SECOND EDITION, containing the latest news
n all quarters, published on SUNDAY MORNING,
a- Toe NEW YORK DISPATCH is sold by all News
mts in tlie C'ty and suburbs at TEN CENTS PER
PY. All Mail Subscriptions must be paid in advance,
lada Subscribers must send 25 cents extra, to prepay
,erican postage.
TERMS OF ADVERTISING.
Tereafter. the terms of lAdveriising in the DISPATCH
1 be as follows:
TALKS ABOUT TOWN 30 cents per line.
USINESS WORLD 20
°ECI AL NOTICES 18
EGULAR ADVERTISEMENTS. 15
nder the heading of “Walks About Town” and
usiness World” the same price will be charged for
h insertion. For Regular Advertisements and Spe
-1 Notices,” two-thirds of the above prices will be
rged for the second insertion. Regular advertise
nts will be taken by the quarter at the rate of one dol
a lire. Special Notices by the quarter will be charged
the rate of one dollar and twenty-five cents per line,
its and fancy display will be charged extra.
BROOKLYN IPORTS.
HIE TIGER’S LAIRS” IN THE CITY
OF CHURCHES.
aro Banks in Full Blast Near the
Halls of Justice.
LENO GAMES FLOURISHING.
FRANCE IGNORANCE OF THE POLICE.
jhn Connor’s Came— Ed” lewis’s Bank
—Perrin’s Hell—Marshall’s <s Lots«’’
£very few weeks the papers of New Yoik contain
counts of descents upon faro banks and other
.mbl’ing dens by the police of the city, and the
ght or capture of the votaries of the wheel of
rtune.” From the fact that such occurrences are
ver related as occurring in the city of Brooklyn,
te might suppose that the citizens of that city are
puliarly favored above their sister cities, in that
ese institutions did not exist within their borders,
nt this only proves the truth of the old proverb
nat we must not judge from appearances, for in this
ame city of Brooklyn, the repository of so much
Irtue and respectability, faro banks and the like
ot only exist, but thrive unmolested. Night alter
ight, week after week, and month after month, in
arious parts of the city,
GAMBLING HOUSES ARE IN FULL BLAST,
d there are none to molest or make them afraid,
e majority of the good people of Brooklyn are in
at te of the most blissful ignorance as to the
ence of such evils in their midst. They sup
ose these dens of vice to be confined to the great
id wicked’* city of New York, and imagine
hcmselves quite free from the stain. They have no
ea that under the very noses of the City Fathers
nd the courts of justice, establishments of this
’nd wax and grow fat, and are never interfered
th. Although the “animal** is never heard to
growl,” his claws are none the less sharp, nor his
fluence any the less baleful upon the communisy.
THE NUMBER OF GAMBLING HOUSES
n the city is not large, and the very quiet manner
a which they are conducted, coupled with some
her “mysterious’’ influences, as yet unexplained,
cevents their existence and locality from becoming
aeraily known except to the initiated. They
iver seem bo encounter any opposition, but pursue
io even tenor of their way without let or hind
mce.
It is generally supposed that dens of this kind
eek those haunts that are fartbest removed from
le seat of justice, and in localities less free from
bservation. In Brooklyn, however, within a few
Jocks of the City Hall and the Court House, are a
'umber of these dens. They seem to have a par
cular fondness for that locality, and to seek shelter
.nder the very tegis of the law. One faro back is to
uted
NEXT DOOR TO THE KINGS COUNTY COURT
HOUSE,
3n Joralemon street. This bank is located in an old
wooden building, tne first story of which is used as
a lager beer saloon. A door at one end of the front
porch leads into a small hall, from whence a dirty,
dl-hghted stairway, carpeted with old, worn-out
natting, leads to the second story of the building,
vhere the bank is situated. The room is in the
root part of the house, and the closely drawn blinds
scarce allow a ray of light to escape into the street.
The floor is carpeted, the dealer’s table standing in
one corner, an ice water tank in another corner, one
>r two old engravings on the walls, and a few
ihairs, complete the furniture of the apartment,
the entrance door is never locked, and there is no
iifficulty is gaining admittance. One peculiar fea
ture of this bank is the number of youths and boys
o be found playing; the smallness of the capital re
quired is probably ihe reason of this. The bets
ange from ten cents and upward. The whole ap
pointments of the place are poor and meagre, and it
ranks as a third-class affair. The keeper’s name is
tohn Connors.
At No. 67 Court street, between Joralemon and
.exington streets, is another faro bank. This estab-
Bhmeat Is located within a stone’s throw of the
POLICE HEADQUARTERS.
The building is a two-story-and-a-half brick house,
vith about thirty feet front. On the front is a sign,
’hich announces the establishment as the Niagara
(ouse.” The first floor is on a level with the side
walk, and is used as a bar-room. Two colored lamps
land in front, and the whole appearance of the
./remises denotes a “sample room” in good and reg
ular standing. A side door leads into the hall, from
whence a door opens into the bar-room. The bank
Is lo ated in the front room, on the second floor.
The door is always locked, and an usher in attend
ance. The interior presents quite a contrast with
the one just mentioned. It is handsomely carpeted
wd brilliantly ligated, with lace curtains at the
windows. A card table stands in one corner, for the
w>e of those who do not wish to fight the tiger.”
The bank occupies one side of the room, and its pa
trons are almost entirely of the better sort. Pic
tures on sporting subjects adorn the walls; the man
telpice is of marble, and the general appointments
of the room ar© i n a B t ylQ of q uiet e i egauce<
"et, adorned with drinking glasses, stands on one
S ide of the room, and in one corner is a closet con
.aining a dumb waiter, communicating with the
bar-room below. The bank is kept by e<l’’ Lewis
and the house by a man named Campbell, a brother
of the Chief of Police.
One block away from the police headquarters,
near the corner of Court and Jerolamon streets, and
nearly opposite the rooms of the Long Island His
torical Society, is
ANOTHER GAMBLING HELL.
This one is kept by George Perrin, who ran a bank
last winter on the corner of Willoughby and Pearl
streets. Last spring, however, he emigrated to the
Long Island Fashion Course, to seek whom he might
Jvour among the “fancy” who frequent that
med locality. The season over, he returns to
°V yD mJ )peUS for the wiutcr the locality above
ed. Thu would be cored a “high-
.jned affair—the price ol chips being fifty
cents, or ten dollars per stock.
On Washington street, opposite the
FOURTH PRECINCT POLICE STATION,
ith an entrance also at No. 323 Fulton st reat is
nother lair of the animal. Last winter this was
keno hall, under the cognomen of the Loto Club."
ne law forbids the playing of keno, but loto i s
not mentioned in the statutes. Hence the word
“keno "was seldom heard, but “loto "was used
nstead. The game, however, so strongly resembles
eno, that persons who were not choice of torms, or
who had a bad habit of not calling things by their
fight names, always designated it as "keno." It
*ae discontinued last season, and the rooms have
wtly Seen re-fitted and upholstered in gorgeous
PUBLISHED BY M. A. WILLIAMSON.
style, and will compare favorably with any of the
New York hells.
They are very private and exclusive at this place.
The rooms are located on the second floor, fronting
on Fulton street. You ring a bell at the door, a lit
tle trap opens, and you are reconnoitered by a sharp
eye. If your appearance is not prepossessing you
are not admitted; but if known, the door ia opened,
and you are ushered into an ante-room. The bank
stands in one corner of an oblong apartment, and
a roulette table occupies one side of the room. Card
tables are scattered around th© room, and a colored
waiter, known as Amos,’* is in attendance. Lace
curtains, handsome carpets, and elegant furniture
form the appointments of the room, and a glance
suffices to show that Brooklyn is not a whit behind
New York in these things. This “loto” game is
presided over by a man named Marshall.
These banks are never molested, and the public
never hears of any complaints being made. Their
boldness in locating right
UNDER THE VERY EYES OF THE POLICE
authorities is somewhat remarkable. It cannot be
that the police are ignorant of their existence. Why
is it, then, that they are never interfered with
And is there any truth in the rumors of collusion be
tween the keepers of these dens and some of the
police authorities There must be some reason
why they are never interfered, with. Who knows
A SMM FOR IKOTIIM.
THE DANCERS WHICH SUR
ROUND YOUNG GIRDS.
An Innocent Girl Led Astray by
Evil Associations.
SHE IS PLACED IN A BENEVOLENT
INSTITUTION.
STRANGE CONDUCT OF THE JIATRON.
On Wednesday morning last, in the driving, pitiless
rain, a police officer, clad in the grey uniform of a
member of the Park police, entered the Essex Market
Police Court, having in charge a respectabls-tooking
woman and her two daughters. The woman was
dressed in widow’s weeds, and. her two daughters—
the eldest a girl of fourteen years, and the younger
about twelve years old—were covered with water
proof cloaks. At the same time a lady—Mrs. Willis,
one of the officers of the benevolent Catholic institu
tion called the Association for Befriending Children,
located at 247 East Thirteenth street—stepped out of
a carriage and entered the court room also.
THE WIDOW WAS GREATLY EXCITED.
She begged permission to at once state her case to
the Judge—Justice Koch—who was sitting for Justice
Ledwith had but a short time before adjourned the
Court until two, and was not present. In a hurried
manner she explained the cause ofj her being taken
thero, and pioaHed to the officers of the Court that
they would not permit her to be taken away until th.
Court re-opened. The Clerk of the Court, Justice
Ledwith’s brother, said she might remain, and the
police officer in charge of her then left, as also Mrs.
Willis.
This is the story which the widow told. It is one
whicirls, unfortunately,- too -common iii the great
city of New York, and which appeals so directly to the
hearts of its virtuous and philanthropic citizens
A SAD STORY.
“My name is Antoinette Hillens. I have been a
widow nearly ten years. My husband’s name was
Henry Hillens. He was a music-teach er. He was
killed on the Ist of July, 1862, near Richmond, while
a member of the Richmond Hussars. He was In the
Confederate service in the late war. We lived in
Augusta, Georgia, where 1 was married, and where
my children were born. lam a native of this city,
but I went South when young.
“After my husband’s death, the good citizens of
Augusta, raised a subscription for my benefit, be
cause my husband was well known and highly re
spected by everybody in the city. More than three
thousand dollars was contributed; one lady alone, a
Mrs. Eve—God bless her I—gave five hundred dol
lars. It was in Confederate money; but Confederate
currency then was almost as good as gold. With that
money the committee appointed by the donors pur
chased a handsome cottage for me, and placed me
and my children in it. It was a beautiful home, and
I felt secured against poverty or want. At the ter
mination of the war, I was told that it would be al
most impossible for people to live in the South.. My
fears and anxieties induced me to come to New
York. I have been here about five years, and have
supported myself and children by sewing and em
broidering for rich ladies in the city. lam at pres
ent residing at No. 825 East Tenth street.
“Some two months ago, my eldest daughter,
Netta, made the acquaintance of an amiable young
girl of her own ago, namod Mary Quollet. fehe lives
in Yorkville.
“THIS GIRL LED MY CHILD ASTRAY,
and for three weeks, as I have since learned, Netta
and her companion picked up strange men on the
streets. They did this when I supposed that they
were out simply to take a walk in the afternoons.
She never remained away at night from me. I let
my daughter go out because she worked hard with
me at sewing, and I thought that outdoor exercise
was necessary to her health. I had no idea of the
terrible crime in which she had been indulging.
Four weeks ago she remained away all night with
Mary Quellet. I found her, and was horrified to
learn of her wickedness. She had always been a
good child to me, and I never gave h©r an unk.nd
word. We lived so happily together.”
Here the widow was overcome with emotion, and
cried bitterly. She continued:
When I found my daughter, I placed her in the
care of the Sisters, at the Foundling Asylum, one
night. The next morning I took her to the House of
the Good Shepherd, where she remained two weeks.
I then, by the advice of Mrs. Willis and other
wealthy ladies for whom I worked, took my daughter
away from that institution, and placed under the
charge of the ’Association for Befriending Chil
dren.* I was induced to do this, because I was told
that at the House of the Good Shepherd girls were
sometimes
HARSHLY AND CRUELLY TREATED,
and I did not want to subject my poor daughter to any
dangers of that kind. I now believe that story to be
untrue, and that 1 ha-d been deceived.
“My daughter remained with the association two
weeks, working at the sowing machine. In the
meantime, I had made preparations to return to
Augusta. Some kind ladies contributed the means,
who knew my story and how I was situated. I de
termined upon leaving the city, so as to prevent my
child from future temptations and evil associations.
Tho cottage at Augusta is still mine, and I have
therptore a good home to go to. This morning
Wednesday) I went to the Association and requested
of the matron in charge my daughter, telling her
that I desired to at once leave the city and take her
with me. To my surprise, she refused to give her
to me. I begged the lady to let me have my child;
that my arrangements complete, and that I had
nothing to do but purchase my tickets. She posi
tively refused to do so. I cried and sat upon the
steps, being determined not to leave the place until
I took my daughter with me. My tears attracted
the attention of passers-by, and at length a crowd
having collected, Mrs. Willis came out with my
daughter, and was about to push her into the car
riage which was waiting at the street door in front,
intending to take a seat with her. My daughter re
fused to go with her, but clung to me. The officer
who brought us here also attempted to drag her
away and force her into the carriage, but the people
on the street, and from the windows of the hotel
and houses opposite, and those adjoining, cried;
“SHAME!SHAME!”
“Andhe then desisted. The officer then told us
we must accompany him to a police court, and he
pulled me violently by the arm, and dragged us
through the rain to this place, upon what charge I
NEW YORK, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1871.
do not know, for I have done nothing to warrant the
arrest. I reckon they don’t intend to do anything,
for I see that he and Mrs. Willis have gone away.
Do you think they will said she, appealing to the
Dispatch reporter.
No, nothing will be done with you. You will
have your daughter, and can go home as soon as the
court is opened.”
This reply was made after consultation with Mr.
Mott, an attorney. The clerks of the court also said
that she would be discharged. She expressed her
thanks, and said that she hoped that the pain of
both body and mind which they had suffered, would
be
A LESSON TO HER DAUGHTER,
and that in future she would lead a virtuous and up
right life.
Miss Netta, who is a beautiful, well developed girl,
with dark, passionate eyes, promised that she would
never do wrong again. She reiterated portions of
the above story in the most simple and artless man
ner. She seemed to be a mere child, and did not
fully realize the dangers to which she had exposed
herself, nor the disgrace of her position. Bad asso
ciation had deprived her of that modesty which all
virtuous young girls ot her age possess. And yet she
seemed contrite and sorry for the trouble sh§ bad
brought upon her mother.
IMBRMM) HELL Gffi.
CLEARING OUT THE OBSTRUC
TIONS IN THE EAST RIVER.
PONDEROUS CHARACTER
OF THE ENTERPRISE.
PROGRAMME OF THE FINAL
BLOW UP.
The ponderous enterprise the United Staces Gov’
ernment has*undertaken at Hell Gate, for the pur
pose of removing the obstructions that have encum
bered it for ages, is beginning to veceive quite a de
gree of attention from our citizens generally. Last
Sunday, on paying a visit to the works at Hallett’s
Point, we were struck by this evidence of curiosity
on tho part of a class of people who ordinarily do not
manifest much interest in engineering enterprises.
There were men, women, and children on the
ground, swarming over the rough ridges of stone
thrown up from tho excavations and plunging into
tho dark and silent recesses of the seven or eigh t
huge chambers that have been drilled under the bed
of the river. The
IMMENSITY OF THE WORK
seemed to strike the humble class of visitors, who
were its principal patrons last Sabbath,with positive
awe—and, indeed, however humble or exalted the
intellect, in the presence of a great result of human
effort as the Pyramids of Egypt, or this deep and
wide excavation in tho solid rock under the bed of a
big river, it cannot resist the impressive effect which
tlio olglit 10 ooxtaiu to produce.
The afternoon was bright and cheery when we
crossed over the Astoria ferry and made our way
along an improvised causeway, extending over a
swamp from the dry land near the ferry to the shore
of tho river at Hallett’s Point.
After passing several wooden sheds and houses
used for the storage of materials employed on the
works, and for the steam machinery used in various
capacities to facilitate
THE LABOR OF THE MEN,
we came in view of tho extensive area, which has
been cut down some forty feet into the rock beside
the margin of the stream. This area looks about as
ample m width and depth as the courtyard (viewing
it from the roof) of a hotel as large as the Fifth Ave
nue. The descent can be accomplished either by a
ladder or a wooden stairway, which has recently
been constructed. In the middle of the area stands
a huge derrick for raising the excavated stone to the
surface. This is worked by machinery, and can be
managed easily by a few men. You find, on descend
ing to the floors of the excavation, that there are ten
rannels running in all directions under the river.
Meeting with a gentleman who appeared to be well
acquainted with the operations since they were first
started, we learned that the miners are all from
Cornwall, and have been brought from the copper
mines of Lake Superior, and from the silver mines
of Colorado, Nevada, and Idaho. It appears other
miners have been tried, but no men except those
from Cornwall can be found to withstand long the
EFFECTS OF WET MINING
on the system—the ague, rheumatism, and the other
results of confinement in a low, damp atmosphere,
soon render them incapable of continuing the labor.
Like all miners, they are superstitious, and will not
work in a tunnel which is not named after some pro
tecting saint.
As saints are very rare in America, most of the
tannels bear the names of sinners. However, they
have been given the benefit of such of the former as
we have, and of any doubt where it happens to exist.
First of all tunnel No. 1, they have given the name
of Farragut, and over the others respectively the
names of Sherman, Jefferson, Madison, Jackson,
Humphrey, Franklin, Grant, Hoffman, and
McClellan. As you look upward where these names
are you are struck by the peculiar strati
fication of tlie rock. While the north side of the
reef shows a perfectly horizontal stratification at the
salient point, toward the east and northeast it
changes to a vertical stratification of the hardest
gneiss rock. The floor line of the shaft is thirty
two feet below mean low water. The distance from
the entrance of the tunnels to the extreme point of
rock to be demolished, is three hundred feet. The
greatest
DISTANCE REACHED SO FAR
is one hundred and thirty-five feet under the river.
It may take more than a year to accomplish the re
quired length. The galleries or tunnels are very
high and roomy. Blasting powder was used for open
ing the line of resistance. For cutting the elliptic
arches of the different galleries, nitro-glycerine, in
charges of one ounce, is used, owing to its capability
of catting the material up into small pieces. The
explosives are manufactured on the spot, and also
the tools used in drilling, which are made from the
best English and American steel, and vary in guage,
from one inch to an inch and three quarters.
On one occasion some time ago, in firing forward
in face of the tunnel, the workmen struck upon a
seam of decomposed mica, twenty-one inches in
thickness. After the flring
THE WATER RUSHED IN
at the rate of sixty gallons per minute, but by a skill
ful piece of doctoring with oak wedges, oakum and
Boman cement, the leak was finally stopped. In the
final explosion, for which we must wait some time,
yet, it is proposed that the arches which open from
one tunnel into another be destroyed by drilling
from thirty to thirty-six holes in each arch, the holes
to be about two feet six inches in depth, one inch in
diameter, and drilled at an angle of forty-five de
grees. These will then be
CHARGED WITH NITRO GLYCERINE,
and fired simultaneously by electricity. In case it is
found unsafe to cut out the piers, they will be blown
up by drilling through each a gallery six feet high
by four feet wide. This gallery will be charged with
nitro-glycerine, the elliptic arches exploded, and the
whole fabric will tumble in; while the water, rush
ing into tha vacuum formed, will make a channel
deep enough for the largest ship to pass.
The magnitude of the work can only bo realized by
a visit and an ocular inspection. The results sought
to be accomplished will have an important bearing
on the commerce of the port of New York. When
the obstructions at Hell Gate are removed, the ocean
steamers from Europe will be able to reach the cicy
byway of the East River, which will be a so much
safer and more convenient approach. In the hands
of the United States Government, the work will be
done well and thoroughly, and New York will have
reason to rejoice when the great explosion removes
the reef of rocks which for countleßß ages has barred
the noble East River.
Starless anil fnhpnlrtnt.
AN IMPENDING CRASH.
WHO WILL BE AFFECTED
THE CONDITION OF OUR LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES.
How they are Affected by the
Chicago Fire.
Downward Tendensy of Sew York and
Brooklyn Real Estate.
THE. BTJWDERS OV THE LATTER
CITY REINED.
Can tlie Downward Tendency
be Checked I
CHEAP RENTS IN PROSPECTIVE.
There is every indication that the coming Winter
will prove a remarkable one in a financial sense.
Very many causes have combined to produce this
state of affairs, and all tend directly toward the
inevitable result. It has long been a fashion to
ascribe everything to the late war, and certainly in
this instance it has found its share. But tho more
direct causes have been of a later date.
The Franco-German war is one of the main causes.
The expenditure for money by each of the combat
ants has been very great. In addition, since the
close of the war, thero has been a constant drain on
France to pay the war indemnity, demanded by
Prussia as one of the terms of peace. The resources
of France have been taxed to the utmost to pay these
demands, and all classes already groan under the
exactions in the way of taxes and imposts. It is
our experience over again. Every article of clothing
or food, or everything that enters Into their manu
facture, materials for building, and specially luxu
ries, are taxed enormously. Worse than all, the
sums thus wrung from
AN IMPOVERISHED PEOPLE,
and paid to their arch enemy, is not disbursed by
tho latter, but is placed in the coffers of the State,
and held for an emergency.
Money is emphatically the sinews of war, and this
the long-headed trio who subdued France and rule
the German nation are fully aware of. Evidently
they believe that Germany will soon be called out
again to grapple with a powerful enemy, and th-ey
propose to be ready at all times. France has already
recalled from this country millions of capital invested
here ia various ways, and there are not wanting in
dications that the same movement is about to be
commenced by the German bankers and capitalists.
There are no less than one thousand millions *of
United States Bonds principally registered, owned
and hold in Germany, and probably half as much
more in railway mortgages, stocks and other descrip
tions of property.
WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN,
wore even one half of all these securities thrown on
the market here, it would produce a financial revul
sion greater than those of 1837, 1857 or 1861. Nothing
is more true than that no article or thing possesses
an unchangeable value. It is worth no more than it
will bring in the open market when orr-rc for sale,
no matter what its future value may be.* effec t
of throwing this great mass ofjbonds and securities
on the market would be to depress their value full 50
per cent, if not more, and to almost entirely stop, for
the time being, manufacturing of all descriptions,
throwing out of employment hundreds of thousands
of poor persons, who depend on their daily toil for
subsistence, and to whom the loss of even a few
weeks’ work would be a serious matter.
THE MORE DIRECT CAUSE.
The more direct and controlling cause for the
present monetary embarrassment and the impend
ing crash is, without doubt, owing to the destruc
tion of tho business portion of the city of Chicago by
fire. Trustworthy estimates place the loss by this
fire at three hundred and fifty millions of dollars.
The world has never before witnessed, in so short a
space of time, such
WHOLESALE DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY.
Of this vast amount of property swept away in a
little more than twenty-four hours, fully one-third
of the loss falls on this city. W’e have been so iden
tified with Chicago and its business interests, that
it could not well be otherwise; so that a loss of ohe
hundred and twenty millions of dollars falls on our
merchants, fire and life insurance companies, banks,
and corporations. Worse than all, those who owe
sums of money here, and are willing to pay, say that
if they are crowded now they cannot do anything.
One of the largest bookdealers in the city of Chicago,
a man who did a business of a million and a half
each year, and who was very wealthy before the. fire
swept away his possessions, came on a few days ago
and made a statement to his creditors, among whom
are Harper Brothers, D. Appleton Co., and other
large book men. He was able, he thought, to pay
twenty-five cents on the dollar but if this was taken
from him, he would be unable to start again. He,
therefore, proposed that his creditors wlpo out all
his score, trust him with a new stock, and with what
little capital he has, he will go on and try and build
up his business. And this is a pretty fair specimen
of some ot the best of the business men in that once
busy mart of trade.
Those who were millionaires one Jday, on the next
were worse than beggars, for they were in debt with
no assets to meet their indebtedness. Among the
dry goods men, the showing is worse than among
the book men. There has been so much competition
among them for three or four years past, that no
money has been made by any. The large houses
were endeavoring to crush out the smaller ones, and
the consequence is, all have gone down in one com
mon ruin.
HOW THE FIIJE AND LIFE INSURANCE COM
PANIES ARE AFFECTED.
The losses of the fire insurance companies have
been enormous. That this is so is shown by ihe fact
that seventeen New York companies have suspended,
and others aro in a crippled condition; while
throughout the country no fewer than sixty com
panies have suspended. Twenty millions of dollars
is the least estimate that the losses of the New York
companies are placed at by those competent to judge.
The life insurance companies have all been heavy
losers, for a time at least. Attracted by the high
rate of interest (ten per cent, per annum being the
legal rate in Illinois), many of these companies have
advanced large loans on Chicago real estate, taking,
of course, a mortgage on the same. The buildings
are gone, and the ground will not sell for sufficient
to pay ihe mortgage. In other cases the companies
have only advanced sufficient to cover the value of
the ground at the time the mortgage was given. But
the land has depreciated in value, and if it is thrown
on the market at the present time would fetch very
little, compared with what it was worth before the
fire, or a year or two hence, when the business por
tion of the city is again built up.
The assets of both the Fire and Life Insurance
Companies are largely made up of bonds and mort
gages, they being restricted by law to investing their
capital and surplus in this manner. Those Com
panies that have suspended will of course, be com
pelled to call in all their mortgages, and dispose of
their other securities within 60 days from the notifi
cation of their losses. This cannot but make real
estate for a time a drug in the market, and will
inevitably tend to lower it in value. The latter part
of December is always looked upon with .dread by
many, as bringing the time for tho settlement of out
standing debts. The money market is tight, and
values of all kinds are for the time being depreciat
ed. How much more will this bo the case this com
ing December, when these additional losses are fall
ing due, and not alone in the case of the insurance
companies will thfs tightness of money be exhibit
ed, There are many millions of money due from
the Chicago dealers in dry goods, boots and shoes,
fancy goods and other manufactured articles to our
merchants and those in ihe Eastern States; the
great proportion of these debts fall due in Decem
ber. It i'fl safe to say that not one-twentieth part of
these debts will ba paid [at maturity. A large
number of the smaller dealers here, to whom a por
tion of these debts are due, must inevitably go
under, and some of the larger houses may be
swamped.
HOW IT AFFECTS REAL ESTATE.
The last thing to be affected by the enormous rise
in values during our late war, was real estate, and
naturally it is the last thing to come down to its real
value. While everything else has fallen, real estate
has kept up. But there is no question but that much
of it is hold at a false valuation, and there are not
wanting indications that the reaction has already
commenced. A comparison of values with one year
ago, and sales recently made, may suffice to show
that this assertion is true, and that real estate is, at
the present time, undergoing one of those periodical
declines that have always followed an inordinate rise.
No false valuation can bo maintained for any great
length of time, and this fact is n<sw being sadly
realized by many leading real estate operators.
HOW IT WORKS IN BROOKLYN.
The downward turn has commenced in Brooklyn,
as any dealer In real estate in that city can testify.
To show that this is no idle assertion, we will ad
vance a few foots and figures. Dr. J. G. Johnson, a
well known resident of tho City of Churches, at a
public meeting not long ago, read an exhaustive re
port on the condition of real estate in that
city. He made tho startling statement that nearly
every person regularly engaged in building in that
city had failed within the past year and a half, in
consequence of the depreciation in buildings. Ho
also assorted that tho records of tho Supreme Court
of Kings county show that more than one-half of the
property sold under foreclosure during the past year
has not fetched enough to pay the face of the mort
gages.
The owners have not only not realized any thing
for their outlay, over and above the amount of the
mortgage, but judgments have been entered up
against them for balanees duo and costs of foreclos
ure. In proof of his assertions, he cited several
cases. The Equitable Life Insurance Company held
a mortgage for $5,000 on a house and lot in Tomp
kins avenue, and there was a second -mortgage for
$3,000 held by soma one else. The mortgage was
foreclosed and the property sold. It fetched only
$4,950, leaving the second mortgage and the costs of
judgment to be entered up against the owner. The
Equitable Company m.ake it a rule never to advance
more than one-half the estimated value of the prop
erty, so that this must have been deemed at one time
to be worth SIO,OOO. Mr. Brush, an old and experi
enced builder, not long ago erected several very ele
gant brown stone front dwellings in Cumberland
street, corner De Kalb avenue. The corner house
was valued at $40,000, and $35,000 each for the oth
ers. These houses fronted on Fort Green, and the
location was deemed one of the best in Brooklyn.
These houses, after being in the market for a long
time, at the above figures, without finding a pur
chaser, were finally sold at auction. The corner
house sold for s2l 500, and the others $15,000 and
$16,000 each. And this was before the Chicago fire
and the tightness of the money market. One reason
for this is that real estate in Brooklyn was last year
assessed at i higher figure than it would sell in the
open market, and four per cent, collected on its valu
ation. Good houses within from thirty to forty min
utes’ ride of the ferries, can be rented at from $350
to S6OO, The same would have rented two years ago
for irotn one-third to one-haif mete.
A friend of ours rents a two story and basement
brick house, finely furnished, with all the modern
improvements, in Kosciusko street, near Nostrand
avenue, for $420 per annum; and there are plenty of
others In the vicinity equally cheap.
HOW 18 IT IN NEW YORK?
There are not wanting indications that here the
era of high prices of real estate and high rents is
pas'. Up town it has long been known that rentals
are not one-half what they are lower down. Above
Fortieth street there has been a decided fall, except
on one or two of the more fashionable avenues.
Further down, however, where prices have hereto
fore been stiffly held, there ha*S been so decided a
fall as to be considered remarkable.
The recent sale of the estate of the late Paul
Spofford demonstrated the fact. The Bt. James
Hotel, on iho corner of Broadway and Twenty-sixth
street, sold for $410,000, and even then was
bid in by the heirs to prevent it going lower. It
rents for $75,000, with two years unexpired lease.
At the same time a large amount of other real estate
was sold, all of which went at reduced prices. The
St. James Hotel, a year ago, would have been
deemed cheap at $600,000, as the rental shows, being
10 per cent, on $75,000.
During the past week, one of the large four story
dwellings fronting on the west side of Washington
square, which had been held at $40,000, was dis
posed of at auction, and fetched but $28,000. Equal
ly great was the fall in the case of a house in Bank
street. It has been held by the owner at $25,000,
and $22,000 has been refused by him within two
years. During this past week it has sold for $14,000.
A three story and basement brick store and dwelling,
which rents for $1 400 )jer annum, and a three story
basement and cellar brick dwelling, which rents for
S7OO per annum were sold for $17,200.
We might instance numbers of other cases, but
these will suffice. Wait until the avalanche of bonds
and mortgages come upon the market in December,
and prices will go down with a rush.
Speaking in the interest of those who have for
years groaned under exorbitant rents exacted by cor
morant landlords, we think that ultimate good will
come of this, even though for a time suffering may
be occasioned by the consequent financial embar
rassment. And once let prices come down to some
think like what they were in ante-war times, and it
will be many years before a corrupt combination of
speculators can succeed in raising them to the ab
surd figures at which they have ruled for the past
seven or eight years.
A DRAMA OF THE PERIOD.
RAID ON A BLONDE DECEIVER.
A little scene not down in the bill of fare occurred on
Thursday in a restaurant in the vicinity of the Cxty Hall
Park. A dashing blonde and brunette had been in the
habit for some time of taking their meals there. The
proprietor of the restaurant had always shown them
extra attention, and seemed to take quite a fancy to the
blonde. He made her acquaintance, and solicited per
mission to call upon her. She readily gave him her ad
dress, written upon a slip of paper.
THE RESTAURANT MAN S WIFE
had her suspicions aroused, and laid her plans to catch
her lord. She bribed the waiters to acquaint her with
every suspicious circumstance that took place m the
restaurant. The address of tho blonde fell into her
bands, and a domestic row was raised in consequence of
it. On Thursday the regular dinner customers’ atten
tion was attracted by the entrance of the blonde and
brunette dressed in the most fashionable attire. They
took their seats at a table, and ordered a plentiful and
luxurious dinner. The attentive waiter took their
orders, and presently returned and said that he was
sorry, but that their
ORDERS COULD NOT BE FILLED.
Greatly astonished, the two beauties emanded an ex
planation. The restaurant man’s wife came up at this
juncture, and quietly placed before the blonde the slip
of paper with her address upon it, and inquired, in
freezing accents:
“Is that your writing, madam?”
“It may or it may not be,” the blonde answered.
“You know very well it is yours, and that you gave it
to my husband yesterday. My husband is now absent,
and I have given orders to the waiters not to fill your
order for dinner. I desire that you will not come here
any more,” and the lady, with muoh dignity, moved
away.
The blonde and the brunette, with equal dignity,
arose from their seats, end sailed out of the saloon.
During this interesting interview, the customers sat
with widely opened eyes staring at the party, and enjoy
ing the scene with great zest. It gave to their dinners a
most pungent sauce, and they were partaken of with
more relish than they had enjoyed for a long time. It is
thought that a separation and application for divorce
will follow. We shall await further developments with
great interest
OFFICE, NO. 11 FRANKFORT ST.
ST. PffllCK’S alliance;.
A FIRE ALL ALONG THE LINE.
TWOHEY’S BRIEF ADIEU.
An audacious innovator upon our notions of
things would have us believe that the heroes who
fell at the pass of Thermopyl® are not entitled to the
praise and admiration which centuries have be
stowed upon them. Becaus© at that time there was
nothing in Sparta worth living for. But it was at
least a very grand spectacle, according to all we
know about it. And a very grand spectacle, too, is
that of our modern Greek,” in which a man who
assumed the greatest responsibilities and the most
honorable trusts, fell, in the attempt to plunder a
city, Instead of an attempt to save a State. In fact,
whatever other comparison may be made between
Connolly and Leonidas, there is this exact difference,
that the ancient would sacrifice himself for his
country; the modern would sacrifice his country and
his countrymen for himself.
According to the maxim, that “It is better lobe
damned than not mentioned,” Connolly is in his
glory. But th® «ame innovator that has stripped the
h®roieltihg and his three hundred of their renown,
may yet be able to rob the royal Dick and all his
rascals of theirs, also. For a man can hardly be
“damned to everlasting fame,” as a great and cow
ardly villain, where there is no occasion for honest
courage. And there is altogether too much occasion
to fear that that is the condition In which Connolly
finds himself. Such is the cohesive power of pub
lic plunder” and bad associations. Or if there is
any other cause for present appearances, any other
reason for the significant silence of half the reform
ers, both persons and papers, in reference to him,
any other reason for breaking faith with those who
have testified against him and turning them out of
office, while keeping his favorites, who are able to
help him out with his rascalities in should
like to know it.
I know, indeed, that it is alleged that ths thrifty
dame who presides over the mansion in Park avenue,
and invests hundred of thousands in real estate and
the stocks, out of her earnings of four years, has in
terviewed and importuned Jones, Havemeyer, Tilden,
and many others. But even this smacks as much of
the “cohesive power” as of loving kindness. And the
danger against which the elder Weller cautioned
Samivel” was hardly to be compared with the dan
ger in which “Jones, of the Times." and the vast
and venerable ex-Mayor, noble as he is, were placed
by Ruch an interviewer on such an occasion. Be
side, lam reminded that Dick was long a ward oi
that venerable ex, while one was an honest clerk in
a bank where the other was president; and that the
president made the exquisite arrangement which
now exists in the Controller’s office, and will exist
till Connolly concludes to kick it over, and not much
longer, according to present indications.
In this I may be mistaken. But lam not mistaken
in concluding that, lor a community of first class
reformers, making the welkin ring with the shouts
of our new departure for political purity and official
integrity, we are exhibiting a little too much con
tempt for principle. In effecting reform, the beg
garly catching at momentary devices,” which is so
characteristic of men who lack brain or nerve for the
work they undertake, is worse than worthless. And
this state of affairs is quite too apparent among
some of those excellent and exemplary gentlemen
who have just been penetrated, for the first time,
with the fact that the rights of a citizen carry with
them the duties of a citizen. Yet, even now, they
can hardly comprehend the propriety oi holding a
caucus anywhere except in a church; while the lact
is, that the only poiitic.il missionary in the city be
longs to the owner of the St. Patrick’s Alliance,
that great and good man, Richard B. Connolly;”
and as for the rest, the only wav to secure voters is
to take them as they are and wherever you can find
them. They are much more ready for reform than
many of those who are shouting about it.
But I shall have a word to say about reform
elsewhere, and now turn my attention to something
else.
I have not accused my foul-mouthed slanderers,
Connolly, Everett, Traynor, and O’Connell, of being
honest men, gentlemen, or murderers.. If there is
any character between these two extremes which I
have failed to give, then the omission is the result
of oversight, and wholly unintentional. And what
ever omission within these boundaries the reader
chooses to supply, I am ready to verify; for I have
said nothing, insinuated nothing, against them
which was not true; and in what I have to add, pre
paratory to bestowing my leisure upon something of
more importance till after the election, I shall also
confine myself to the truth. And desiring th at what
I have said may not be forgotten, I may be excused
tor a general recapitulation as to the St. Patrick’s
Alliance, under its present management, and a speci
fic recapitulation cs to some of its officers, upon
whose aiready luminous record I shall presently
throw a little more light.
Against the avowed objects of the Alliance no word
has been said by me; and no word can be said by
any one. Neither have I anything but good words
and good wishes for the mass of its members, what
ever their number, and however unfortunate they
may be in falling into the clutches of those who rule
them with despotic sway, for the most selfish and
detestable purj oses. It is against the Alliance under
this rule—against these wretches who rule it in the
name of Irishmen, patriots, and benefactors, while
they are at best, but frauds in every respect—that I
have spoken, and shall continue to speak. What I
have said and proven is, that in its present condi
tion the St. Patrick’s Alliance, like its officers, is a
fraud. I have shown this from a review of its origin,
pretensions, aims, and charac er; that it pretends to
be a benevolent institution, while its sole object is
po itical, and its pretense of benevolence only a de
lusion and a snare; that it made large pretensions to
patriotism, while it was the most unpatriotic and
proscriptive of any similar organization in existence,
and was entirely engineered by traitors to their kind
and country; that it was an infamously oath-bound
society, fortified by blasphemous obligations, grips,
and signs, while the majority of its members were
Catholics, against whose religion all these seductive
tricks and mysteries were in direct antagonism. No
true Catholic can remain a member of the Alliance
under its present management. No honest man can
have anything to do with it while it remains tne tool
of Connolly and his hirelings. I have shown that even
its picnics were a fraud; that the city paid for the hall
in which it meets; that its officers are supported by
the city, to oblige Connolly, and that it is only a suc
cess as one of the implements by which knaves plun
der their countrymen, in the name of benevolence,
and the city under the pretense of being a political
power. I have proved tnat its very motto was a lie;
that its real principles, like its system of govern
ment, were hostile to church and state, to liberty
and manhood. I have shown, not only that all its
officers were intent upon feeding at the public crib,
and that they have received large sums of money for
which they have never accounted, but that there is
no power to compel them to account for anything;
that they are mere pestilent and pilfering humbugs,
spies, traitors, and informers, at best; and I have
yet more proof to offer uuon that poiut—while any
thing chat I have omitted to allege against the Alli
ance as it is, is an omission for which I will try to
make emends.
As to the individuals already mentioned who
control this iniquitous invention of Mephis
tophiiee and Misther Connolly, I have said of the
great Controller, Richard the Slippery, that he owns
and runs this machine, caned St. Patrick’s
Alliance, and its officers that he originated it to
defraud his countrymen and betray his friends,
that he might secure the position ho now holds,
alter having promised to give it up at the end of one
term—a position in which he has become the biggest
thief of this or any age, and brought the great
est scanaal upon his countrymen. I have shown
how this magnificent villain, making a trade of
religion as of politics, wholly responsible for the
character and conduct of the Alliance, a nondescript
in religion as in morals, cajoles the clergy, cozens
the people and corrupts all those who fall under his
influence, till they are as base as himseif. I have
shown that he has accumulated millions within four
years, at the expense of the city on the one hand
at the expense of honor and decency on the other.
As to the markets, it is well known that these are
largely within the grasp of the Controller. They are
his m ne, worth many thousands a year, if industri
ously worked, and Dick’s the bye” to do it. No
rent or transfer of a stall can be made without the
Controller’s consent, if ne insists upon it; no docu
ment in relation to the stalls is good for anything with
out the Controller’s endorsement, and everybody
knows Dick never assents to anything without a con
sideration. The consequence is, that the market be
comes a great politi al machine in the hands of the
Ring, as ad the city and some of the suburbs know
too well; and also, in the hands of such a man, a
source of the most monstrous and remorseless plun
der.
I take leave here to correct an error of the Tri&une
in stating that the great Controller had given his son
$500,000 to go into the dry goods business. He only
gave his only-son an opportunity; and though that
opportunity proved to be worth the money men
tioned, Le should not be robbed of the financial
ability for which I have before given him credit, of
making this sum and supporting a family, on $5,000
a year, by figuring around the County Auditor’s office
in that system of book-keeping taugathis parent and
the missionary, Everett, by Paddy Coffey in the
ould counthree.” That young Connolly thus made
his money, and. vindicated the financial faculty of
the family, I am informed upon testimony which I
deem wholly reliable.
The young man sailed for Europe early in the
Summer, as the old man informs the public, for
the benefit of his wife’s health. He intended to
come back in a month. He hasn’t come back yet;
and what is more, the bravo Eighty-eighthjiegiment,
(Continued on Second Page.J
“LOVE."
By Frank Conway.
Oh, Love! ecstatic pain Oh, cruel Joy,
Creating pleasure merely to destroy.
Now strewing roses in our pathway drear,
Then starting forth the sad and bitter tear.
Now making life a dearly cherished prize.
And all its cares sweet pleasures in disguise;
Then crushing quick as arrow from the bow
The visionary bliss thou didst bestow.
Now changing earth to an enchanted bower,
Transforming by thy wondrous magic power
A world of sorrow, misery, and night
To scenes of joy and infinite delight;
Then hurling headlong with a cruel force
Sweet, joyous Hope, and checking in its course
The life-blood of the heart, till, wild with grief,
Thy viettm prays for death to bring relief.
A WOMAN’S MOR;
OR, THE
MYSTERY OF A FAMILY.
BY ARCHER BUCHAN.
CHAPTER XII.
THE SEBPENT’B HEAD.
Neil sat like one stupefied. That Dunstan,
whom he had trusted—whom he would have
trusted with his life—could be false, seemed so
outrageous, so impossible, that for the moment
he could scarcely grasp the full meaning of the
words which were spoken to him. Then ho
rose, and paced the cnamber perturbedly.
That Hannah spoke from an honest convic
tion he did not doubt; but that she had any
good reasons for her words he did doubt. And
yet she had come from Neuilly, and at that late
hour, to tell him this. No, she would not have
taken so much trouble unless she had been cer
tain of what she said.
She regarded him anxiously during that
troubled walk.
Suddenly he stopped before her.
“Why do you think this of Dunstan? In
what manner could he use mo to his own
ends
I have seen him, I have spoken with him,
and I know him," she returned, earnestly. I
cannot tell you how he will deceive you, but he
will deceive you if it suits him to do so. There,
lore, do not trust him, but bo on your guard.
There is evil in his heart, as there has been
evil in his whole life. He is even now working,
with all the strength of his fiendish nature, to
destroy one who has been ever kind to him,
who has ever been ms friend."
“Whom?”
‘f She to whom I owe all that I possess—Lady
Kilmonell.”
Neil became pale, and the blood seemed for
a moment to pause, and then to rush tumultu
ously through the veins. Dunstan trying to
injure Helen? Dunstan, who had first led him
to assert her innocence, who was apparently
trying to serve her, who was apparently trying
to serve him If he was false, there was vil
lainy at work indeed.
“How—how have you learned this?" he
gasped, faintly.
“He has told ma that his life is devoted to
her destruction. He compelled me to promise
that I would not acquaint her with his evil de
signs. I promised, but I did not promise to
keep the secret from you.”
“By the heaven above us he will bitterly re
gret what harm he may do to her,” cried Neil,
passionately.
Hannah grasped him by the arm, and looked
up into his face searchingly.
“What would you do?—what can you do?"
she said, quickly, speaking below her breath.
“I don’t know what 1 shall do, I don’t know
what I can do,” be returned; “but she shall
not suffer—l will tear the black heart from bitt
breast, but she shall not suffer.”
Those dark eyes were fixed upon him with a
strange, inquiring gaze, and tuere was some
thing of pain in the expression of her lace.
You must be calm,” she said, quietly; “she
shall not be harmed; but be must not know
that you suspect him. Speak to him, act with
him as you would have done had I not seen you
to-night, but watch his every movement as you
would a wolf that you knew was thirsting for
your blood.”
Neil threw himself upon the chair, and cov
ering bis brow with his hands, reflected gloom
ily. Could this man be the fiend that he was
represented? At any rate, there would be no
harm in being guarded against any treachery
that might be attempted. Cunning must be
met by cunning, and it was best that he should
endeavor to watch the enemy’s movements
without letting it be known that he was watch
ing.
“You are right,”he said, raising hie head,
and speaking in a tone of suppressed rage
“you are right. It will be best that I should
treat him in all respects as if I knew nothing
of his purpose. I will do so it will be hard,
but I will do so.”
Only be calm, and he will suspect nothing.
There is some evil purpose in all that bo is do
ing, in all that he has been doing, and we must
discover what that purpose is. Trust him in
nothing, for I believe that there is some strong
reason tor this man’s deceit to you.”
“I will baffle him, whatever it be,” muttered
Neil from between his clenched teeth.
“There are others whom you must baffle at
well as him.”
“You mean
Kilmonell and his sister. They are your
enemies, and enemies against whom you will
find it hard to delend yourself.”
“Ay, ay, they are my foes, too, and heaven
only knows why I cannot surmise.”
I can,” said Hannah, with a strangely agi
tated manner.
“And what is it you imagine to be the cause?"
queried Colvin but his thoughts were evident
ly tar away from his words.”
“Do not ask me now,” she said, quickly;
“the surmise is so wild, so improbable, that
you would laugh at me. Wait till it has become
somewhat more than a mere suspicion.”
“As you please,” he returned, carelessly.
Then he rose to his feet and again paced
the chamber in evident perturbation. Hannah
drew down her vail, and began to adjust her
mantle, as if about to leave. Presently, Neil
stopped, and facing her, took both her hands
gently.
“Hannah,” he said, in a low voice, which
quivered slightly, as with some emotion which
he could not control—“ Hannah, long ago,
when I was a poor artist, struggling for bread
in Edinburgh, you and I were very close friends
—and we are so still; are we not?”
“Yes, she returned, faltermgly, and she
trembled a iittle, wondering what he was about
to say.
“I, at least,” he went on, in that low voice,
will treasure the memory of those days—will
not you
“Very dearly,” was the response, in a tone
which only half concealed the passionate yearn
ing from which they sprung.
“They wore very pleasant days, Hannah,
and they might have lasted longer, had I not
seen one who disturbed the whole purpose of
my life, and robbed me of that wild ambition,
that deep love of art, which might have kept us
together. No matter now. The path which I
had chosen for myself, Eate has rdained that
1 should not follow, and has forced me into an
other. That other I must follow till the end.
But you, Hannah—you will help me onward in
this new path, even as, long ago, your warm
sympathy instigated mo to stride bravely for
ward in that other higher and nobler path,
Will you not?”
I will do whatever you may wish,” she an«
swered, huskily, and she trembled more than
ever.
“I have fallen sadly,” he continued; “but
that cannot be remedied now. I must even
work out my destiny as the gods will have it.
You can help me.”
“And I will do it, Neil—l will do it; only tel(
me how,” she murmured, earnestly. n
He raised one of her hands respectfully t<k
his lips, and a thrill of mingled pain and please,
ure passed over her frame.
“Thanks, Hannah, thanks. Then give tn®
your help to save Helen—for I love her, Han
nah, love her with my whole soul. To sav®
her from the fatal net. in which she seems tai
be held so fast, I have devoted my life; to(
save her, I have cast from me every other hop®
and aim. This is the new path, Hannah—yo®
will help me in it; help as of old -Jr J
Oh 1 that wearv, weary sinking of the heart s
oh 1 that wild, wild throbbing and bursting of
the brain. Poor Hannah I the Juggernaut
very close upon her, and now her heart is beingj
crushed under the great wheel—crushed,
every sense and hope is quite killed.
NO. 1