KENOSHA,AVIS., NOVEMBER 16, 1871
POETRY.
THE DEAD LETTER.
BY JOHN G. SAXE
And can it be? Ah. yes, I see,
’Tis thirty years and better
Since Mary Morgan sent to me
This musty, musky letter.
A pretty hand (she couldn’t spell),
As any man must vote it
And ’tvvas as I remember well,
A pretty hand that wrote it 1
How calmly now I view it all,
As memory backward ranges—
The talks, the walks, that T recall,
A'.id then—the postal changes I
How well I loved her I can guess
(Since cash is Cupid’s hostage)—
Just one-and sixpence—nothing Jess
This letter cost in postage
The love, that wrote at such a
(By Jove it was a sleep one
Five hundred notes (I calculate)
Was certainly a deep one
And yet it died—of slow decline—
Perhaps suppieon chilled it;
I’ve quite forgotten if’t was mine
Or Mary’s flirting killed it 1
At last the fatal message came
“My letters—pleasereturn them
And yours—of course you wish the same—
I’ll send 'hem ack or burn them.”
Two precious tools. I must allow,
Whichever was the greater
I wonder if I’m wiser now,
Some seven lustres later*?
And tAfc alone remains Ah, well 1
These words of Wann affection,
The faded ink, the pungent smell,
Are food for deep reflection
They tell of how the heart c mtrives
To change with fancy’s fashion,
And bow a drop of musk survives
The strongest human pasS'on 1
—Harper's Magazine for November.
FIGS OF THISTLES.
Small is my garden plot
And sparse my sowing
I labor while the sun is tierce and high
Yet in the evening at my humble cot,
When haughty folks go by,
Below the modest -ayes, secluded, shy,
My prodigal blossoms are blowing.
Once in a sombre hour
There stood a barren.
Leafless, and bud less, and unfruited tree
Yet later, came a pure and perfect flower—
A blossom fair to see
And after followed, in great jubilee,
'1 he numberless ros< s ol Sharon.
Whereat I wondered much,
Why did my iatmr yield me this increase,
Unless the Lord hath touched with marvel
lous touch,
The land and given new lease
Lo I where I looked lor sad surcease,
I harvest my fruit out ol season.
Grapes gfbw not upon thorns,
Say wise epistles
Some miracle must quicken this dull sod,
That, meagre in its own self, vet adorns—
Blissed be migh'y God
My pathway as I wander, roughly shod,
And gather my figs of the ihistles.
APOSTROPHE TO JETHRO WOOD,
JNVtNTOR OF -THE CAST-IKON PLOW.
[The following extract from the address de
livered before the Pioneer Association of Or
leans county, N Y JunelTih, 1871. by Ed
ward Webster, Esq of Rochester, formerly
an Associate Editor ol the Rural New Yorker,
pays a just tribute io the memory of one who
did g ’Od work lor the Agriculturist in his
day and generation.—Eds
Hail thou, whose humble lot was cast
’Mid ranks of men unknown to fame—
Whom kings and lords oi ages past
Would scorn to know or name
We come, thy honors here to sing,
And litt thee high o’er lord and king
No jeweled diadem or crown
E’er glittered on thy mamy brow—
No slave would tremble at thy frown,
Nor at thy lootsteps bow
For thou wert pure in heart and mind,
And strove to raise— not crush mankind
As famed Prometheus of yore,
In aid oi our lost, wretched sires,
Stole from the flaming sun, and bore
Down to the earth those fires
That fill with light and life all space,
And mark the Day God’s glorious race—
So thy inventive genius found
For man the bright and polished share,
That bids the willing fields abound
With fruits beyond compare
And from the seed that falls like rain,
Crowds full ourfbarns with beardedgaain I
Eternal may the honors shine,
We yield with grateful hearts to thee
May children’s children round thy shrine
Sons of the brave and free—
With reverent lips pronounce thy name,
And build for thee a deathless fame
A REQUIEM.
From the Lodi Journal.
Take the harp from off the willow,
Tune it as in days of yore.
Though the cords that thrilled with rapture,
Now are silent evermore.
Tune it with the quivering heartstrings,
With the voices ’mong the graves x
When the autumn winds are soughing,
And the pine its branches waves.
Sweep the strings my trembling fingers,
Wake the tearful symphony,
While my soul keeps time and chanteth
To the sad voiced melody,
This my song—O, let me sing It
When the night birds vigils keep
Sleeping, sleeping say my brother,
Why this long unbroken sleep
Nightly at the hearth ,we gather,
Where were shed our bitterest tears,
And thy vacant chair uas waited
Through 4 thc long decade of years.
Waiting, too, are we, and watching,
We hare waited oft before,
For thy step upon the pathway
Shall we hear it nevermore
Shall the hands that fain would bless thee
With the gifts of 'ove they bear
Never more caress thy features,
Never stroke thy shining hair?
Ay, alas, alas, we gather
In the gray-hued eventide
And the children hush their laughter
When we speak oi him who died.
And we read to them the story
Of his life so briefly told
Of the gloom that hid the gloryj
When he sought the angel-fold,
la their mould upon the record?
We will wash it off with tears,
As we look aback with weeping
Through a long decade of years.
8. J, A.
SUSIE ALVORD’S PARTY
I declare those young rascals are the
greatest pests in town I would give a
thousand dollars myself, if th<-y could be
shut up in jail, or anywhere else, to get
ml of them.’’
Susie Alvord was in the room, and
heard her father say this to Mr. Brown, a
n dghbor who had dropped in for a call
“Y s”—Mr, Alvord went, on—the little
wr uhes! I led perfectly sure that it
was T< m Sil bee who threw a stone at mi
c >w, which ma le her so lame —and no
nri’t r whereabouts you have a horse
standing, min or other of the Siibee boys
is on ibe spot to start him. It’s my
opinion it the town was rid of that fami
ly, folks wouldn’t so often loose eggs, or
things off the clothes line. And the
•lothi r and that girl are just as bad as
tii' boys. As for old Sil -ee, he can’t, last
a.; it he k» eps on drinking as hard as
he has lai eh.”
The mxt morning when S ’sic Alvord
weir to school, bhe passed Jane Siibee,
who was leaning in a lazy sort of way,
\\i n her arms over the low, broken
fence, in front of their house. She seem
cd to haw no lung at all to do, though
h< r hair 10-ked as if it had not been
combed in a week, and her dress was
s.»il< d and very much torn besides. Alto
getlier she looked quite diff rent Irmn
Susie, with her ehau pink calico dress
and pretry wife apron.
“Oh proudv I dear me I guess we’ve
got a new dress, said jane as Susie went
'D’-
Siide did not speak as Jane said this
she was only afraid Jar.c would take up
some mud ami throw against her, after
bad passed—but this Jane did not
do, and half an hour after school began
slie came saumering in.
Jane never tried to learn her lessons,;
and this morning she sat as she always;
.lid, staring out of the window, or else
scratching marks on her dusk with a pin,
looking up occasionally to make faces ai
one oi tile girls Sometimes she would
pinch the little children, or else she
would pin the dresses of two of the girls
»<-guther, so that when they moved their
dresses would get torn. She was gener
.diy airaid to do tins, however, because,
she knew she would get punished but,
as you will believe, ‘not one of the girls
n> the school liked her, or had anything
io do with her if they could help it.
Bur, coming out of school that alter
noon, it. happened that some of the little
b<>ys were crowding so they pushed Jane
off ihe door step on to the ground.
I’hure, now! said Jane, with an angry
face, “you had better look out.’’
Sum Alvord was standing close by,.
“Oh. Jane,” she said, “did you gut
hurt*?” And she took hold of Jane’s
aim and helped her up.
“Yes it hurt me,” said Jane; but as
she spoke she looked so kindly at her. j
It was only those little fellows,” said
Susie, that crowded against you-; they
didn’t know any better.”
Well, I don’t know as I’m much hurt,”
I said Jtiic, as she picked up her nook.
Su ic ran along then to catch up with
Fanny Halsey, who was her most partic
ulnr friend. Susie’s birthday would come
the next week, and. her mother had told
her she should have a party so, of
course, there was a great deal to talk
with Fanny about.
Father is going to town to m< Frow to
buy ihe oranges and the candy,” said iu
sic, and mother says she thinks it will
be prettier than to have the cakes made
in little cakes, ah frosted you know—and
then one large loaf, all frosted, and then
that, mother skys, she’ll trim with myrtle.
And mother says I may have some straw
berry icecream, because it’s pink, you
knows and will look pretty on the table
Susie stopped and turned round: she
thought she heard a step behind her. Il j
was June Siibee, hearing every word she
said.
All the girls knew that Susie was go
irg to have a party, and so Jane was
listening to hear about it. Susie stopped
and looked at her.
“Oh said Jane, I wouldn’t talk so
loud it I didn't want folks to hear.” But
they had cornu now to Susie’s house, and
she and Fanny went in, and Jane ran up
the street.
Mother,” said Susie Alvord that eve
ning, “I feel sory for Jane Siibee; I
don’t think anybody likes her, aad nobody
minds much it she gets hurt. To-day she
fell down, and nobody went to help her
up while Fanny Halsey and I were talk
ing about the party—she liked to hear
all about it. I guess she wishss she was
one of the other girls, and was coining.”
Well, my dear,” said Mrs. Alvord,
laying *iown her work in her lap, “after
the party is over, you might take her au
orange, and some candy, and speak kind
ly to her.” e
Mother. I most wish she could come
to the party,” said Susie. “I have just
thought of it; I guess she would like to
come.”
1 am afraid she wouldn’t know how
to behave,” said Mrs. Alvord, looking
at Susie, but appearing to think.
Well, mother,” said Susie, I don’t
think she would really do anything out of
the way, and just as Likely as not she
would behave real good.”
I don’t much believe she «lias got a
dress to wear,” said Mrs. Alvord.
One of my dresses would be too
small for her,” said Susie, but, mother,
I’ll tell you I wiH ask Fanny Halsey,
and maybe one of her’s will fit. Ob, do
let me aak her to come—may I?”
Why, Susie,” said Mrs. Alvord, I am
afraid you’ll be ashamed of her when she
gets here you know she is a very bad,
rude girl.”
Oh, but I don’t believe but. she will
behave very good she would be so glad
to come; I don’t believe she woulcT do
anything out of the way at all.”
“Well, I’ve no objection, Susie; you
can go and ask her.”
It was not dark yet, and so Susie ran
right off to the miserable little brown
house where the Slbees lived. Susie
stopped when she got to the door. She
had looked in, but had never been inside
the dirty, disorderly house. The first
words Susie heard were Mrs. Siibee
scolding little Dick, who was crying
'loudly. The table was covered with
dirty dishes, lor all it was just niglr.
when Susi, thought everything ought to
be in order. Jane sur alone at the table,
eating her supper; but her hair hud no’
been combed, nor her face washed, all
day long. Susie stood for a minute.,
hardly kuowivg what to say she was a
little bit frightened, hearing Mrs. Silbee’s
a-igry voice, and seeing her flushed look
ing face.
Good evening,” said Susie, and then
she stopped.
Mrs. Sil’»ee folded her arms, and draw
ing herself up, looked scornfully at her.
Weil, beautiful little miss she
said.
Susie felt just like getting out and run
ring home as fast as she could. She
trembled a little but without noticing
Mrs. Sil bee’s rudeness, ><he said, looking
at Jane, I am going tn have a party
next Tuesday, and I want to have Jane
come, and Tom, and Dick, too, if they
would Tke to.”
Well said Mrs. Siibee, but J me’
eyes sparkled. There was a pause
“Oil, want her to come so you can laugh
at her old clothes, don’t you ?’*i£aid Mrs.
Siibee.
“Ob, mother do let me go,”siid Jane.
I want her to ernne so much,” said
Susie; ‘it will be my birthday, and 1
want Jane to come.”
Well,” said Mrs. Siibee, she ’hain’r
got no clothes—poor ‘oiks don’t have
clothes io go to rich folks’ h* uses”
She might have one of my dresses if
I was only bigger, and it would fit her,”
said Susie; but am sure I can get a
dress for her and I want her to co- le so
much—do let her.”
“Well, I don’t care,” said Mrs Siibee,
“only I don’t want her to go tn be laugh
ed at.” Mrs Siibee looked pleased.
Won’t you su down she said, to Su
sie, wiping a chair with her apron.
Susie would much rather have run
home, but she thought perhaps she had
better sit down; so she tooK the chair.
Jane came Up by the side of her.
I am so glad if your mother will let
you come,” she said and you come
round to our house tomorrow, after
school, so as to see about the dress—will
you
1 don’t know, said Jane.
Well,” said Susie, ‘I will come
round here! don’t you think a white
dress would be pretry for you to weal
“She hain’t had on a white dress since
she was a little bit of of a young one,”!
said Airs. S Ibee then we used to have
something in them days.”
Well, I’ll tub you,” said Susie. Mary
Halsey, Fanny’s sister, has got two or
'hrue white dresses that she has outgrown
me one of them will just fit you amt
then I've got a blue sash ribbon, and you
may wear my coral necklace; I was go.
mg to wear ir, but I can wear something
else.”
Jane could hardly believe her ears.
She was happier than she had ever been
in her lite before, and when Susie got
up to go she went out with her and walk
cd along a little way.
lam sorry, Susie,” she said, that I
listened to what you and Fmn ll ilsuy
were saying this a ternoon.”
‘Why that was nothing.” said Susie.
“1 am t-o glad you are coming to the
party,—and I will come tomorrow and
see about the dress.”
No one Would have known Jane Sd
bee when Tuesday evening came, and
she was washed and dressed in the pret
ty white dress which Mary Halsey had
done up tor Iler. Iler hair was nicely
combed and parted, and she had on the)
blue sash and coral necklace. Any one
to have seen Mrs. Silbee would have
seen that she smiled as she had not in a
long time before, and at last tears came
into her eyes. As for Jane, her cheeks
were as rosy and her eyes sparkled.
She felt a little afraid to go to a party,
for the first time, but she wouldn’t have
given it up for anything, so she went. 1
Jane was in a flutter when she reached
Mr. Alvord’s house and rang the bell at'
the front door. But in a few minutes!
sheg-t in the parlor, and Susie came
right up to her and kissed her. All tiie
girls were surprised at Jane’s good looks)
when she came to be dressed up; bull
most of them were tc polite to stare at i
her. Jane had never before seen a room J
full of girls all dressed up in pretty
dresses and gay ribbons, and she began
10 feel almost frightened and ashamed of
herself; but Susie said, “You are just in
time, Jane, for a new game we were be
ginning,” and in a few moments Jane
forgot herself and thought of nothing
but the games.
Alter a while, when they went out to
the supper table, Jane looked quietly
arourd. She had never seen anything
so bright and beautiful before—she had
never dreamed of anything so fine. And
then, when everybody had eaten all they
wanted, and it was time to go home, Su
sie came with something wrapped up in
a nice white paper, which she slipped
under Jane’s shawl. Some cake for
your mother,” Susie whispered.
I can’t tell all that Jane had to tell her
mother when she got home she could
hardly go to sleep when she finally got to
bed.
From that time Jane Silbee was a dis
ferent girl. Her hair was combed and
her dress mended—she was kind and
gentle. The girls very soon began to
like her. And her home became a dis
ferent place I only wish I had time to
tell you how very different it became.
One morning- not long after Susie’s
party, Farmer Brown opened bis eyes, he
was so much surprised because Tom Silbee
the great, bad, ugly boy came to him and
asked for some work. And Tom work
ed with a good will, and in a very short
time was able to get himself a new suit
of clothes, with new boots and a new
hat, too. Pretty soon after this Mr. Sil
bee, the father died. He drank so much
that it killed him, long before he was an
old man; but Tom was an industrious
boy now, and every one said how glad
they were that Mrs Silbee had good
children.— Rural New Yorker.

London, Oct. 27.—Queen Victoria ha 1
contributed £SOO for the relief of the
Chicago sufferers.
THE POWER OF THE PRESS.
Never has the p «w<-r of the American
press been better exemplified than by
die New York Timex in exposing tin
frauds of the Tammany “ring.” That
close corporation of thieves had beet,
waxing in strength for many jears. It
had secured the control of the dominant
party in the. metropolis. It had made
itseir master of the Democracy in the
who'e sta‘e of New York. It wielded
the g (Veinmeni of the largest and rich
e-d city on the continent. It dictated t
'he Legislature at Albany. The courts
had become its creatures, “bending th
supple hinges of the knee,” that “ihriii
might follow fawning.” It aspired to
wi< Id the Democratic party of the United
States, for its own ends. It plundered
by the mil li m. It employed an army ot
r» peaters to make and swell majorities at
its bidding Inspectors of elections mad
returns according to the dictation of c.hib
ring. The fortunes :»t citizens depended
upon its nod
Again and again the organization «»fa
great political party was in vain wielded
against the Tammany close corporation
o corrmptionists. Combinations ot in
lluen iar and wealthy citizens failed t
check the career of Tweed Co. Tin
ring hr- ke through the nets of the law
rhe commercial nietropol sos (hecountry
was in despair under a load of debt >urli
as no great citv on earth ever was burd
ened with. The thr ves insolent.y reveled
in i heir stolen m lli-ms, and the mob ap
plauded as they sw.ggt-red past.
One brave newspaper, armed with that
instrument which is verily mightier than
the sword, declared war upon ibe evil
power that defied the civil authority of
the greatest state in the Union. 6 her
journals stood a'oof from jealousy some
even threw obstacles in the way. But
steadily, day after day, the wholesotm
light of heaven was ler in upon the great
heaps or ordure fastened around Tammany
The people at first wondered at th
audacity. T* c ring smiled in scorn and
contempt. Soon, however, was heard
tar and wide the low, rumbling thunder
of popular indignation. The thieves
sniffed the coming tempest. They offered
the Times a million of money to disband
its little company of valiant “knights oi
the quill.” The journal pursued h
course like the powers of nature, “making
no haste, taking no rest.” The red fires
of the world’s instinctive hate of vil'ainy
and fraud were kindled, and to-day the
thieves arc fugitives or in durance. A
pen armed with the eternal justice car
rics comfort to the oppressed and terror
to evil doers. Thanks to the Times, not
only tor its exposition of crim s against
property, but also for a bright example
<>f high toned journalism.
Some Quotations —Some people are
delighted if they can get hold of a relic
of some great event. The Chicago fire
has supplied a vacuum which was fell in
the market before that catastrophe.
Below you will find the latest quotations
from the Chicago Pst in this department
of trade: Less activity is manifested in
the relic market to day. Local buyers
have fallen off, but orders from the
conn ry occupy the time of jobbers.
Since the fall trade set in pieces of the
Court House bell have been in great de
mand, and shipments are active. It is
estimated that two car loads of pieces
have been shipped from the city. Our
reporter was informed bv a dealer that be
had contracted wit I) a Pittsburgh brass
foundry supply the demand which has
been extraordinary.
As an evidence of the enterprise that
iiad been manifested m the trade it may
be mentioned that two prominent dealers
have gone into the business of selling
Mrs. Leary’s cow. They have solo
eighteen of her to ad many different
iraveling museums, and announced that
they were well stocked with the article
—-as their mo*to is low prices and quick
sales, they expect tn have a monopoly ot j
ihe trade. Five barrels of oil taken'
from the exploded 1 mips have been dis-
posed of, and the demand continues, i
There is no inquiry for worthless safes, as
such are not regarded as curiosities. Con
siderable inquiry has been made for chips
of stone from fire proof buildings, but a
nnthing remains of such structures it has
been found necessary to supply the mar
ket from a stone quarry on the West
Side.
Singular Use of a Galvanic Bat"
tery. Many years ago Major Stone, o l
the Fifteenth British hussars, then sta
tioned in India, had a gMd watch and
chatn stolen from his drawing room
table. Collecting all the native servants
of whom he had any suspicion together,
and making them join hands, he told
them that presently his God would give
them a shock which would, however be
harmless to all but the culprit but that,
if he were among them, he would, in
about an hour, turn green and silently die.
rhe black fellows grinned incredulously,
when the wires of a very powerful
battery, prepared and concealed below
the table, were brought in contact with
the two end men. So severe was the
shock that three of them fell to the
ground. The Major then remarked that
if the guilty one came to him within hall
an hour be would apply an antidote which
would save his life. The effect of the
shock upon the imagination of the super
stitious thief was so great as to induce
belief in the prospect of turning green
and dying, and he shortly came, watch
and chain in hand, to beg tor mercy and
an antidote.
No American custom excites more
surprise and amusement among traveling
foreigners than that which is known in
our saloons as “treating,” and which con
sists in the reciprocal payment, by such
members of a convivial party in turn,
for the “refreshments” consumed by the
“crowd.”

A very intelligent Virginia mule, be
ing hemmed in a railroad track by an ap
proaching train jumped into a cattle
guard, crouched down Juntil the train
had passed, and then jumped out and
walked off as if nothing had happened.
t HOW THE E\RTHW LL BE
destroyed.
A young celestial geologist, S'.inisi s
Meunier by name, has lifted U 3 out of th
rut as regaids our future fate, and for s
doing has been Complimented by the cm
pent savant, M Dumas. For hundred
of years we have st-adily believed t a
in the end this planet will be parch, <1 n
like a scroll, and it is refreshing to fii
if pro zed by M. Meunier that so tar Iron
mi ning with fervent h-a’ we shall prob
ibly break in pieces from license cold
did be distributed through space it
aerolohs. A close study 4 sidereal pal
•otology lias led M Meunier t this con
iction, which W"iiid certainly in form
days have drawn down upon him th
thunders »f the Church. The geologic
tsiroiioiner arrived a his system in tho
manner: After a thorough examinati
the leroliHis m the museum, he cm
eived tint the asteroids which are co i
stanily falling on our globe must be fr;u
nents of some heavenly body about th<
'•line size as the moon which perisbe
igt:s ng by spontaneous rupture, having
arrived at its period of cooling. sh
tar, which was probably a satellite o'
i in- eaith.M. Meunu r has named Ge- 1 >gia.
and the stones which fall down on om
gioiie arc portions ol that defunct body
in tact, as Buff'll or Cuvier could recon
'tract a pre-insiorical animal from a tioi t
s M Meunier has gone to work to re
•obstruct an entire planet from a frag
nent. (’he former existence o f Geologi
■raving been satisfactorily established, M
M'Uiner proceeds to show that it mus.
nave occupied a place among the solid
piancts, that is to say, in the region
Mercury, Venns, rhe Earth, and Mirs, as
solid stones like those picked up and pre
served in the museum could hardly have
come from the gaseoua or liquid piancts
M. Meunier appears inclined to believ<
that his Geologia once played the role oi
a second m >on until it cooled ami wen
pieces. The other solid planets accord
ing to this theory are gradually approach
ing this fatal point, of refrigeration, and
by the time they break up, Jupiter and
Saturn will pass from the liquid to the
solid and Uranus, and Neptune from
the gaseous to the liquid state. M. Dn
mas has thanked M Meunier for placing
in a new light questions which had hith
erto remained in the domain ot abstrac
tion.”
e
Nevada Salt. —Nevada is capable ol
supplying the world with sal It
abounds in salt springs, salt marshes,
salt mountains, and great plains where
the evaporation of ages has left deposit'
of salt of almost illimitable extent. For
mining purposes*, the salt of tln-se depos
its requires only to be shoveled into
sacks and transported to the place of use
For table and dairy purposes, however,
it is not quite equal to Eastern salt. It
contains a slight, per cent, of impurity,
which would ha’’e to be removed by re
evaporation or some other r< fining pro
cess to render it marketable lor domestic
«se This may not be the case with all
the deposits of this characb r within the
State, but applies to su h of them a».
have been worked. Within fifty miles of
Reno, and not more than one mile from
the railroad, arc some of rhe finest salt
springs in the world. One gallon ol
water will evaporate three pound ot the
best quality of salt.
Size for Cotton Yarn. —The follow
ing size is recommended by a German
chemist as especially adapted for line cot
ton chain yarns One ounce of gum ara
ble is dissolved in three ounces or water
by boiling, and two ounces of wax ar<
added. This mixture is than well stirred,
and when cold appears as n pale yellow
paste, which is to be added, while hot’ to
a pressing made of live pounds of best
wheat flour. This size makers the chain
durable and smooth, and never macks,
even during the greatest heal of summer
time.
A small wooden box has been picked
up in Dubini. On the inside of the lid
was found, in black ink, the following
address: “Captain William Henry Carl
ton, Twenty-first Fusileers, fourth divi
sion, British army, Crimea.” The box
was !ound to contain, rolled up in a
towel, the toot and heart of a female, not
in any way decomposed, and evidently
only recently separated from the body.
Here is a mystery for ihe detectives’
Beefsteak with Oyster Sauce. —The
steak should be about an inch thick, ten
der and juicy. Have the yridiron hot, and
rub with a small piece of butter to pre
vent the meat sticking. Broil it care
fully, and do not season uutil done; then
lay in a dish, cover tightly, and keep it
hot. In a very little juice strew twenty
or thirty oysters season, and add a lit
tie cream; pour hot over the steak and
serve.
Resig vation of Count Von Beust
Vienna, Nov. 7. —Count von Beust,
Chancellor of the Empire, has tendered
his resignation on th.- ground of ill
health. The Vienna Preise, the organ of
the opposition, hints that the retirement
of the Premier was involuntary, and that
he had received from the Emperor an in
timation to the effect that his resignation
would be acceptable. It is said that
Count Androssy takes the port folio of
foreign affairs.
Does Gold Grow It has long been
thought that nuggettf of gold increased in
bize while lying in the dirt in which they
are found. Mr. C. Wilkinson has lately
announced to the Royal Society of Victo
ria that gold when placed in a solution
or chloride of gold, in contact with or
ganic matter, determines the deposit of
liberated gold upon itself. Mr. Skey, of
the New Zeland Geological Survey, has
lately comqauicated a series of experi
ments, giving similar results to the Wel
lington Philosophical Society.
The old depot building oi the Boston
and Providence railroad, in Boston, was
removed on Saturday, to its new position
in the Boylston Station. The building
weighs a hundred tons, and waa moved
on four cars, the operation occupying but
just twenty minutes.
A MYSTERY OM THE ANuES.
I’HB DESERT "E AT\C I CBMEPERT ABOVB
ground.
Aorjonji 1 the An I mu: near the soul h
st corner of Bolivia and at. a h<*l<h «>f
lb 'll’ four thousand h-i-t, is a plateau call* d
D‘S'-rr. oi Atacama, of which s. H
i own irtvi-a this account in the N<-w York
I "It pendent
i he surtac- consists of a calcareous earth,
which innumi-rabh* particles of salt. nure,
y>*- are shintiijr with such a fflare, under i e
ays ot Ihe loi rid sun aS to in ike it paluful
o look around N>i a plan' urows h re;
i h bird or insect or any >i he f »nn ot am
lite is o be seen. he sti in ess of de it h
ins overywh-re, exc pt tor the moanmg
ae winil. which carries from place (o place
h<; powdered sa (I in uiim
tie only evidence ;ha up n nave, ever b eu
n r ls that human bodies, as we n rtS ihose
tmi.es and horses «,-v. seat er d at. ;u t upon
wt .-te—uo. reduced Io d'sjuinted lras£
U ut-,. but d-h d and shrivel eif io mummies
la parehim; atmmpaef of uis drearv
height. J
1 1.: v il erdiy the thirsty traveler pursues
ii- j lurney over such u soil and amid such
.bjects t ill he reaches (Jalaina. a set i u-m* nt
ii the midst of an limm-nsd morass, where ue
•si s a lit: ie to re: esu himself and Insjaded
mu cs Phis morass with ns nrickishand
onvliolesom w uer, is Ih source of a small
iv-r, cal i d Leo. which at length becomes
he h Hiudai v bet w n i h., p ,ri mu of B ivia
tnd Peru. I' is M.hig'aii imprrguated with
he Im.- and other sti't-, anevs whn Ii are held
m solutiot) np,r th-coarse bu ruslies of the
norass are q i’ie e ici iisu-d i id sm til chan
ie s and .rciicues tor dr lining arc. soon filled
ip by ihe same d posit
1 wo days’ j 'urn. y from Cal tina, over the
Jazz mg sand and .hro'igh the. stifling dust.,
ini’s the traveler to Cum Cum. an ancient
Peruvian burying place, still within the
t.ouuds of Aiecainu
A»hl in-re tn resci velor him is a spectacle
wnieli one might afely affirm has not its like
upon ihe lace of the ear h. It is cali’-d a
cemetery, by which we generally understand
a p ace tor the interment of ihe dead. But
n -re dead arc not. buried Seated in a large
-em:-circle, one beside anol her, are the mum
nued remains of an assemblage oi human be
mgs men. worn-n and children—to the num
t. rof five or ix hundred, all apparently m
'he places and atii*tides which Lucy first oc
cupied. and which they have kept perhaps
<»r ages Phey sit in lie sand, immovable,
ns iii a solemn council, gazing vacant ly. with
sunken and d'-ied eyebailsinto the arid waste
before them. Nearly al' are in the same po
sition, though some are tai leu down and pari
ty covered with sand. The hot, dry air has
preserved them as mipenshably as the em
balming art of the bodies ol Egypt.
What is the explanation of so strange a
scene Who are these that no*v cous'ltue
tins ghastly company? Where, and how and
why did they first take places in this vast
semi cnch-?
A thousand questions may be asked, but
few answered. The iuuabltants of the coun
try who live nearest io the spot have no
knowl dge on the subject. Some th.nk that
Up- bodies were brought hitlit r and placed in
this position alter dark, and tha such dep >s
it was to serve the purpose ot burial But
whi-re could the people have lived who
nrought their dead to tins spot There is no
liai'it alite region at any convenient dis'since
and no place of similar de.-ign is k> O 'U to
exist, to prove that it, was the custom com
mon to tile aboriginal population.
Others beliwe that this may have been the
remnant of a native tribe,hunted and put'iied
by enemies, and driven to a despeiate choice
between two impending evils- o die by ihetr
own act or by the weapons of their foes.
There are inorders with infants in their arms
among the mummies: and it. is even thought
that tlie dried and shrunken countenances re
tain sufficient expression to indicate that
some grievous calamity had over, a ken or
was about, to befall them. It may be their
fancy, but travelerstiver that grief and de
spair may be traced upon these shrivelled
leatures, and they are ready to believe that
their possessors might have been retreating
before the conqueror of their country (per
haps from Pizarro himself), and that sooner
than submit tamely to the rapacious and
cruel invaders, they preferred to hide them
ei-lv’s in this dreary and inaccessible spot,
and to suffer the agonies of a voluntary death
sustained by such comforts and hope as their
own simple faith could afford.
We cannot tell but, there is a spot on the
border of this desert called Tncuman, which
in lbe Indian language means All is Jost
Perhaps the name commemorates the heroic
resolution of those hunted people as they
sought the desert for self-immolation
It is said, 100, by those who have studied
the religious ideas ot the a’ici<-nt Peruvians,
that they believed in self-sacrifice for their
country; that, thus dying, they would be
spe< diiy removed to a better land toward the
west.
Bald-Headed Butter.—A gentleman who
had been brought up on good country butter
late y stopped at a leading hotel in Si. Jo
seph, Mo./and looking over the tempting
bill of tare made his order. It was prompt ly
filled, and he was indulging in the hope of a
luxurious feast, when helping himself to
some butter, along with tne unctions mass a
long hair, evidently from some human cra
nium, came curling out on his knife. He
held it up, gazed suspiciously at it for a mo
ment, and then motioned for the waiter. The
latter individual promptly watered an ap
pearance, when the guest, bolding the knife
up before him, and pointing to the capillary
substance attached to it, exclaimed in a voice
loud enough to be heard by the whole table
“Look here, my frieul, have you any bald
headed butter about the house
A correspondent who was at the Bangor
Railway celebration, described how the ra
tions gave out, and at a way station how all
hands made a rush for a small restaurant.
Twelve ex-Uongressmen got some clam
ciiowder, whereupon a newspaper man, “who
did not lear punishment after death,” shout
ed all aboard.” The Congressmen ran for
the train the newspaper man tor the chow
der. He also described how on this occasion
Hon George Washington Warren, President
ol the Bunker Hill Monument Association,
breakfasted on one cracker and eleven gallons
of water.
Appropos of the defeat of Mr. Ashbury’s
yacht the story is told of an English yacht
man who, while on a pleasure cruise in the
Mediterranean, was badly beaten in a race
with a Yankee schooner which he chanced to
fill in with Die brush over, the Englishman
generously invited the Yankee skipper aboard
his boat, and, after proposing his health said
I say. captain, this is the first time my
yacht was ever beaten, you
Weil said the Yankee captain, “that’s
kinder singular, for I vow this is the first time
my craft ever beat anything.”
The Galesburg Register says: “A little
child belonging to a Swede family residing on
East Berrien street, died the other day,while
the lather was digg ng potatoes. Iwo or
three days elapsed, and there being no fu
neral, the neighbors inquired what had be
come of the body. The father replied thaj
he had put it in a box and laid it away in the
cellar, among the milk pans to keep coo 1,
and as soon as he got his potatoes dug h
would bury it. This is an
verified by the testimony of the whole neigh
borhood.”
A new female lecturer Louise Holden
•tarts off with the proposition that mtn is
not an oppressor or tyrant, but has some
good qualities as well as woman Louise,these
balm to the stricken heart ot man;
fly to his grateful arms