Miscellany.
BANT A CLAUS1 VISIT.
BY C. 0. MOORS.
'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through
ine nouse
'Not a creature was stlrrins-. not even a monse:
The stockings were hung by the chimney with
care.
In hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there;
The children were nestled all enns in their beds.
While visions of sugar-plums danced through their
neaos;
And mamma in her 'kerchief, and I In my cap.
Had just eettled our brains for a long winter's
nap.
When out on the lawn there arose snch a clatter,
I sprang from my bed to see what wag the mat
ter;
Away to the window I flew like a flash.
Tore open the shutters and threw op the sash.
The moon, on the breast of the new-fallen snow,
Gave the lustre of mid-day to objects below;
When, what to my wondering eyes should appear
But a miniature sleigh and eight tiny reindeer.
With a little old driver, so lively ana quick,
,1 knew in a moment it must be st. Nick.
More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,
And he whistled and shouted, and called them by
name:
'Now, Dasher I now, Dancer! now, rranccr! now.
Vixen!
On, Comet! on, Cupid! on, Bonder and Blitzcn
To the top of the porch! to the top of the wall!
Now, dash away, dash away, dash away all!"
As drr leaves that before the wild hurricane flv
When they meet with an. obstacle mount to the
sKy,
So, np to the house-top the coursers they flew.
With the sleigh full of toys and St. Nicholas,
too; .i-
And then in a twinkling I heard on the roof,
The prancing and pawing of each little hoof.
As I drew in my head, and was turning around,
Down the chimney St. Nicholas came with a
bound;
He was dressed all is fur from his head to his foot.
And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and
soot;
A bundle of toys he had flung on his back.
And he looked like a peddler just opening his
pack...
His eyes, how ?they twinkled! his dimples, how
merry!
His cheeks were like roses, his nose" like a cherry;
His droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow,
And the beard on his chin was as white as the
snow; -'u
The stump of a pipe he held tight in his teeth.
And the smoke it encircled his head like a wreath.
He had a broad face and a little round belly,
That shook when he laughed, like a bowl full of
jellv.
He was ehuboy and plump, a right jollyold elf.
And I laughed when I saw him in spite of myself.
A wink of his eye, and a twist of his head,
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
He spoke not a word, but went straight to his work,
And filled all the stockings; then turned with a
jerk.
And laying his finger aside of his nose,
And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose;
He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,
And away they all flew like the down of a thistle;
But I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight,
"ilEURT Christmas to all, and to all a Good
Night
CHRISTMAS CAROLS.
BY MARY E. C. WYETH.
It'' waS Christmas Eve all over the
world.,.. In a thousand homes loving
hearts, happy or sad, were filled with
thoughts of kindness, and sympathy, and
love. Busy hands were weaving offer
ings for the niorrow, and husy feet were
hastening homeward to cheerful, waiting
firesides. In a pleasant homestead a
youngs girl of sixteen was busily engaged
m adding the finishing touches to some
dainty bit of workmanship. She formed
a pretty picture herself, as she sat curled
up in the deep window sill, where the
fire-lighl, brightening in the twilight,
flashed its warm color over her shining
hair and delicate cheek. Her soft, dark
eyes-shone with the subdued but earnest
light, and the -lithe figure managed the
dainty material of her work with a grace
ful deft manipulation attractive to the be
holder. The beholder was a gray-haired
man, who occupied the great arm-chair in
the window corner of the fireplace, and
who leaned upon his cane and watched
the pretty maiden, fair young Rosamond,
at her work, and smiled to think how like
she was another Rosamond he had known,
and loved, and buried, in the years so
long gone by.
Keep good watch, Grandpa," said the
fresh young voice. Don't let anybody
send along your side unbeknownst,' as
Biddy says. I'm so afraid papa will steal
a march on me. I wouldn't have him see
this for a good deal. Isn't it a beauty
Won't he be pleased with it Come now,
Grandie, dear, don't look so solemn and
owlish. It's Christmas Eve. What are
you thinking of so deeply J"
The old man looked up and smiled,
was thinking, Rosie, of how good
and how pleasant it is to have Christmas
come, and to have one day in all the year
on which there is much good wilL I was
thinking how all these love gifts that we
make to each other, and all the kind feel
ings we have toward one another, go to
form a precious love-gift to the Lord of
Christmas. 4 Indeed, the 'peace on earth
and good will to man' that prevails on
Christmas Day is the Glory to God in
the Highest.'"
"That's beautiful, Grandie, dear," ex
claimed the younj girl. It's a genuine
Christmas Carol. I always did say that
my Grandpa's fireside lectures were ser
mon and hymn all in one. Oh, dearie
me, here comes papa up the steps, with
his arms full of bundles. Let me run."
And gathering up her work Rosamond
went from the room.
At the same hour that Rosamond's papa
ascended the steps of his beautiful home,
another father entered the door of an
humble cottage not far distant. He bore
no Christmas bundles in his arms. His
eyes were sad and his manner delected.
UF.,.i .1. j.
blaze lit up the small, low room, a young
girl was kneeling while she toasted slices
oi Dreaaior tne evening meal.
It's Christmas Eve, Papa," she said,
with a lively nod of ..welcome. Stoop
down and give me a good, sweet, cool
kiss this Are is toasting my cheeks as
well as the slices. Mamma is Duttiner Bud
to bed. He went sound asleep on the rug
ana vmuan t wafce up. Tea is all ready.
I wish Harry was here."
May be, it was the cheerful fire-warmth.
or maybe the bright young face and
cjieery tones of the little daughter that
wrought the charm I onlv know that the
sad eyes brightened to a fond smile as the
lamer looked lovingly into the upturned
face 'of his child. The room was cosy
and comfortable, although the furniture
was plain" and the adornments of the
simplest kind. The table was spread for
tea, ana me ciotn, ana cups and saucers,
and plates, were speckless and shining,
ana laid with scrupulous nicety. The
teapot simmered on the hearth, and with
in -a smooth oval of hot ashes lay the
uieaiy Drown jackets that were to form
tne evening meal. The mother entered
the room and greeted her husband with a
smile, x At the same moment a bovish
voice was heard at the door, and a pair of
stamping ieei on tne doorstep kept time
to a sort of rude melody that the boy's
vuicc saog io me woras
Now itis winter, and I am discontent,
My coat is somewhat like an ugly rent,
And all the snow from off the top of the house
Came down into my bosom sqush-ker-souse."
Harry Minturn. vounoisvvoiinfst.er
exclaimed the girl, gayly, as she sprang
to open the door, why, where have you
been i You're covered with snow
"I should say so," said the boy, shaking
umietuu.
iisme mnckiv s oia slant mnr ava.
lanched just as I popped under the eaves
hence my eostchume. I don't care. It's
Christmas Eve, and I've earned fifty cents
carrying bundles, and have got two jobs
for to-morrow. We'll have a Christmas
supper, if we don't have plum-pudding
and turkey dinner."
"Sh-sh," interrupted his sister. "Get
on your coat ana come to tea. W e ve ele
gant roast potatoes and toast."
Somehow the brave, cheery boy, and
tie equally, bright and bi-ave sister, made
tne nomeiy room seem almost radiant,
ana tne saa-eyed rather and patient moth
er sat aown to tne Irugal -meal with
UuMinas carol of thankfulness in their
hearts for the peace that was theirs in the
gift of their noble-hearted children. True,
they were poor and in sore trouble, but
the trouble came-not nigh them in the
same manner that it had come to some of
taeir neighbors. They had not ungrate
iui, 'rebellious children to wring their
hearts with anguish. And they chose to
praise God for the blessings He had given
them, rather than to repine for what He
had denied them.
"Wr miiat. lnaa 4-I .maa w:u...i i
Mr. Minturn said to his wife when alonp.
with her, "but we must not Jose our trust
toMt0f Count) tkpttMkiiit
PIETRO CUXEO, Editor and Proprietor. Office in Cuiieo'i Building, over llic Post Office. TERMS &2.00 per Aniinni
VOL. XXVII. UPPER SANDUSKY, 0HIOv jllURSDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1871. NO. C.
in God. Let us sing a hymn of praise
Our home will be sold next we;k, but we
can celebrate our last Christmas in the
dear old place with a pleasant sound of
carols, can t we?"
When Rosamond went from her grand
father she sought her own room to put
by her little treasure.
A love-gift to the Lord of Christinas,"
she repeated to herself. That is beauti
ful but I have no such gift. None of
mine are meant for Him. I never think
such good and holy thoughts of myself."
She glanced over the array of presents
she had with such interest prepared.
"Something for every one who will be
likely to give me something," she said
aloud. "And I'd never a thought of any
one else. Christ's birthday, and no gift for
Chrivt.
At the table Rosamond's father said:
"I heard to-day that the Minturn cot
tage is to be sold next week under
a mortgage. Minturn's been nnfor
tunate lately out of employment
so long. It will go hard with him to lose
his home. It won't bring over eight hun
dred dollars at auction, and the mortgage
calls for three hundred more. The inter
est and costs will consume another hun
dred. He won't have much left."
What a pity," said Mrs. Gale; "such
a good man, and such a nice family.
Can't something be done"
"I don't see what," said Mr. Gale. "He
asked me to lend him four hundred dol
lars and take a mortgage, but I couldn't
just now. It's too near the close of the
year. 1 need tne money in my business.
It's too bad," said Mrs. Gale. Poor
Minturns. How sad they must be to
night. It quite spoils my C hristmas."
After tea.Grandpa called Rosamond in
to the library.
Lome, itosie, he said, "wnatami
to do? It's too hard for our neighbor
Minturn to lose his home this way. I
could help him by making a little sacri
fice.
Oh do help him then," said Rosa
mond.
But if I do. somebody must neods do
without the Christmas present I intended
to bestow."
Well, Grandpa, who would be so sel
fish as to care?"
"lam afraid my little Rosie will,"
said Grandpa "My one gift is Intended
tor her, and it 1 to cost just tour hun
dred dollars. I have selected it, and in
tend buying it to-night and having it sent
up in the morning unless, indeed"
Oh, Grandpa! a present lor me to cost
four hundred dollars Is it is it a new
piano? Oh, you dear, beautiful grandpa.
Just what I had so longed for. My old,
worn-out hurdy-gurdy is a real trial to
me."
She had quite forgotten everything and
everybody save the much wished for
piano and the generous and doting grand
father. Suddenly she recollected.
'Oh, Grandpa," she said, "1 understand
you now. .Either 1 must give up tne pi
ano or the Minturns must give up their
home.
She threw he arms around her grand
father's neck, and hid her face, and the
tears that would come, upon his shoulder.
It was a sharp struggle between self-love
and Christ-love. The dear grandpa's
words came to her mind "a love-gift to
the Lord of Christmas" and she whis
pered, as she kissed the old man's silvery
locks, Dear Grandpa, we will not buy
the piano. We will make a love-gltt to
the Lord instead,"
Rose of the world," murmured her
grandfather, fondly, "you make my heart
sing for loy. No music that you could
ever have drawn from the piano I had
hoped to give you could have yielded me
sucn delight as does your sweet voice
now, when it speaks in accents of unself
ish love. It chimes in my heart a true
Christmas Carol."
Then each has sung a carol to the
other," said the young girl, her face beam
ing with smiles, "only mine would never
have been sung at all had not yours been
sung first. Are'nt we happy, Grandie? I
feel almost as if it were ma home that
was saved.
'We mustn't be selfish on Christmas
Eve, Get me my coat. I'll go down and
speak a good word to Minturn," said
the good old man.. Tears were in his
eyes now. When tirandpa returned
Rosamond was sitting at the old piano,
and the family were singing a Christmas
Carol
Chime, hells, chime.
Glory be to God above
Christ has come to live and love,
Chime, bells, chime."
"The old hurdy-gurdy sounds splen
didly to-night, Grandie, dear," cried the
young girl.
"Kose of the world, said Urandna,
softly, it is because of the love gift."
Ana tlie Uhristmas (Jarols chimed lov
ingly all the dreamful night, not only in
the hearts of the dwellers in the abode of
plenty, but in the grateful heart of those
who sang, carols while yet in darkness,
and to whom the Lord of Christmas had
sent his servant with a promise of help
for their time of trouble. Glory be to
God in the highest, and on earth pence, and
good-will toward men." Little Corporal.
Tea Leaves for Burns and Scalds.
Dr. Searles, of Warsaw, Wis., savs. in
the Chicago Medical Examiner:-
Some few years since I accidentallv
found that a poultice of tea leaves, ap
plied to small burns and scalds, afforded
immediate relief, and I determined to give
it a more extensive trial when opportu
nity should present, and which soon oc
curred. It was in a case of a child, four
teen months old. Upon examination I
found the anterior portion of the bodv.
arms and legs blistered and deeply burned
from a kettle of hot water which the child
had upset upon itself. The case, to say
tne least, was unfavorable for the success
of any remedy. I prepared a large poul
tice, softening the leaves with hot water,
ana, wnne yet quite warm, applied it upon
cotton wool, over the entire burned sur
face. Almost like magic the suffering
abated, and without the use of any oilier
anodyne, the child soon fell into a quiet
sleep. In a few hours I removed the ap
plication, and re-applied where it was
necessary. I found the parts discolored
and apparently tanned. The acute sensi
bility and tenderness had nearly disap
peared, and the little patient passed
through the second and third stages under
far more favorable circumstances (symp
toms) than was at first anticipated, mak
ing a recovery in about two weeks.
Smcethen, on several occasionslhavehad
reason to commend tea leaves, till now I
nave come to preter it above all other rem
edies in the first stae-e of burn a
I think it must recommend itself tothepro
fession, not only on account of its intrinsic
worm, Dut also by its great convenience.
being so readily obtained. I am not aware
that any mention has been made thus far
ot tins article in this connection, and
hope that others will find it as useful in
their practice as the writer has.
A correspondent in the Gerniantown
Telegraph says that the best food to make
hens lay is a mixture of bran and mid
dlings. His mode of preparing the food
is to mix about five parts of bran with
one of middlings. "In the morning," he
says, "I wet up with water about four
quarts of the mixture in a large tin pan.
taking pains to have it rather dry, though
all damp. This I set in a warm, sunny
spot, south of their shed, and they walk
up, take a few dips, don't seem to fancy
it like, but they soon return to it, and
continue to feed from it at intervals dur
ing the day."
What is the difference between imber
ana mmDer r a gooa aeai.
General News Summary.
CO.VGRESSIOXAL.
In the Senate, on the 11th, Mr. Sumner,
at his own request, was relieved from the Chair
manship of the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions Petitions were presented and referred,
asking; for a repeal of the duty on salt Bills and
resolutions were introduced For di-openlng the St.
Clair Flats Canal to sixteen feet referred for the
sale mt the Kansas Indian lands, etc. referred
providing for the adjournment of Conjrrcss on the
third Mondav In May. K$ laid over to restore the
records of the United States Courts In the Northern
District of Illinois, and also for the relief of the
I'nited States Marshal of that district referred
leoalizins; the issue of goods, blahknts, etc., by the
Secretary of War to the Chleajto sufferers A de
bate was had on a motion for the consideration of
a resolution directing the Military Committee to in
quire into the defalcation of Paymaster Hodge,
pending which the Senate adjourned.
In the House, on the 11th, bills and
joint resolutions wore Introduced to carry out the
Treaty of Washington for a general amnesty,
without exception; proposing an amendment to the
Constitution so as to make naturalized citizens eli
gible for the office of President or Vice-President
appropriating $100,000 for United States buildings
at Covington, Ky. to restore the records of the
I'nited States Conrt in Chicago; to divide Illinois
into three Judicial Districts: to relieve sufferers by
the Are in Chicago: proposing an amendment to
the Constitution, by which Congress should have
no power to raise taxes by Imports or excise, but
only by direct tax oh property, to be assumed,
collected and paid by States at their option; for a
ship canal between the Mississippi River and Lake
Michigan: for a suspension of duties on merchan
dise entered at Chicago; for I'nited Slates public
buildings at Kahsfls City: Jittiposllig an amendment
to the Constitution prohibiting the intermarriage of
white and colored persons, and authorizing States
to provide for the education of white and cojtred
children in separate schools: to equalize bounties
to soldiers and sailors in the late war; to extend
the time for completing the Military Road in Mich
igan; for United States public buildings In Denver
Citv; to facilitate intercommunication and promote
a cheap and nnlf orm systent of railroad transporta
tion In all parts of the United States and Terri
tories The concurrent resolution for adjourn
ment from December 21 to January 8 was adopted
A bill was reported and passed, appropriating
$480,000 to supply deficiencies in taking the ninth
census The Apportionment bill was considered
in Committee of the Whole Adjourned.
In the Senate, on the 12th, the House
resolution to adjourn over from December 21 to
January 8, was concurred in At his own request
Senator Morton was relieved from his position on
the Committee of Agricultnre.... A hill was intro
duced appropriating $2,000,000 for the purpose of
paying balances that may be found due nnder the
act to indemnify States for War expenditures
The resolution tot final adjonrnment on the third
Monday in May was called up, and a motion was
made that there be no adjournment until after the
passage of a bill securing "equal rights, without
distinction of race or color." Executive session
and adjournment.
In the House, on the 12th, various bills
were Introduced and referred, among them one for
holding a United States District Court at Toledo,
O. -r granting 500,006 acres of public land for levee
ing the Mississippi River In Kentncky and Tennes
see; for a United States pnblic building at Mem
phis, Tenn. for the better detection and preven
tion of fraud in the naval service Resolutions of
the Tennessee Legislatnre for a systematic plan of
meteorological observations and crop report, were
presented and referred Resolutions were adopt
ed directing an investigation into the manage
ment of various Executive Departments; in
structing the Secretary of the Treasury
to ascertain and report whether any of the National
Banks in New York were interested or concerned
in promoting an artificial scarcity of money.... Bills
were passed consolidating the Postal laws; for re
lief of pure hasBrs of land sold for taxes In insur
rectionary States A bill was reported from the
Judiciary Comm'ttee, and iostponed to the second
Wednesday of January, fixing the first Monday of
November 1872, as the time for the Presidential
election The Apportionment bill was further
discussed in Committee of the Whole Ad-
jonrncd.
In the Senate, on the 13th, a bill was in
troduced providing for the condemnation or pur
chase, under the statute of Illinois, of the remain
der of the Custom House Block in Chicago, or a
block within two squares thereof, on which to erect
a new government building, at a total cost of $5,-
000,000, $2,000,000 of which the hill proposes to ap
propriate immediately. ..The House bill appro
priating moneys lor taking tne last census was
passed. ..A resolution was offered, providing for
a standing committee ot investigation ana ne
trenchincnt, to consist of seven members, to be
elected by the Senate, and to have power toinvesii-
gate and report npon such subjects as may be com
mitted to it by the Senate; and an amendment was
proposed to the resolution directing the committee
to inquire into the expenditures in all branches of
the government, service: whether any, and also
what, offices ought to be abolished, aud what sala
ries or allowances ought to be reduced, etc. also
giving it power to sit during the recess of Congress.
Considerable debate ensued, but a vote w as not
reached... Adjourned.
In the House, on the 13th, bills were
introduced granting various land privileges to
Utah.... Bills were reported and referred appro
priating $2,000,000 for the erection of public build
ings in Chicago; appropriating $250,000 for like
purposes in St. Xouis According to a new rule
wmcu uau uueu ugreeu lu, lue peutver ajiimiiuuu
Mr. Chafiee, of Colorado, as a member of the Com
mittee on Territories, and Mr. Chapman as a mem
ber of the Committee for the District of Columbia,
snch Delegates not to have the right of voting in
the committees The Apportionment bill was
further discussed in Committee of the "Whole A
bill was reported from the Committee on Educa
tion ana laoor, tor tne appointment by tne rresi
dent, with the advice and consent of the Senate, of
a commission of three persons, to hold office for
two years, unless their duties shall have been
sooner accomplished, who are to investigate the
subject of wages and hours of labor, and the divis
ion of the joint profits of labor and capital between
the laborer and capitalist, and the social, educa
tional and sanitary condition of the laboring classes
of the United States, and show how the same are
afiected by the existing laws regulating commerce,
finance and the currency; such Commissioners to
receive a salary of $5,000 each, and majr employ a
clerk, and shall report the result of their investi
gations to the President, to be by him transmitted
to Congress. A motion to lay on the table was de
bated at length, when, the morning hour having ex
pired, the bill went over. Adjourned.
In the Senate, on the 14th, petitions
were presented of the Venezuelan Steamship
Company, asking redress for the seizure of their
steamers by Venezuela; of New York soldiers in
the late war, recounting the services of women in
the war, and asking Congress to make some pro
vision for acknowledgment of their heroic and
charitable work A memorial against woman
suffrage was presented.... Bills were introduced
and referred to promote the securing of effi
cient seamen for the navy; for the relief of
certain settlers on the public lands in Iowa
..The House bill to eanalize the pay for
workingmen nnder the eight-hour law was
taken up and nfjrrcd, with an amendment to re
peal the law, to the Committee on Finance The
resolution to create a Committee on Retrenchment
was taken up, and the amendment authorizing it to
sit during the recess, and send for persons and
papers, was debated at considerable length, and re
jected yeas 24, nays 35 and the original motion
was adopted. A motion was then made to instruct
the committee provided for in the resolution adopt
ed, to inquire into all subjects" enumerated in the
rejected amendment but after further debate,
without reaching a vote on the motion, the Senate
went into executive session, and soon after ad
journed to the 18th.
In the House, on the 14th, a resolution
was adopted calling on the Secretary of the Treas
ury for information as to the number of persons
employed, and the total compensation paid there
for, in the collection of Customs for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871. in the United States ...The
Apportionment bill was further considered in Com
mittee of the Whole, and the number of Represent
atives of which the House should De composea was
fixed at 283, and an amendment was adopted provid
ing thnt nn new State shall be admitted having less
population than the number fixed as a ratio of
1 V. I. 1 T .1 ..I n
ruprvsnniaiiuii. miu ii" 1111, m. niv .im
ported to the House and passed, without division.
The bill distributes tne memnersmp as ioiiows
Maine
5111inois
New Hampshire.
Vermont
Massachusetts
Rhode Island
Connecticut
New York
New Jersey
2 Arkansas
2 Florida
11 Iowa
2 California
4 Oregon
32 West Virginia.
7'Nebraska
26 Kentucky
1 Indiana
6 Missouri
9 Michigan
8 Texas
5 Wisconsin
9 Minnesota
7 Kansas
6 Nevada
5,
...20 Total
9
rennsylvania
Delaware
Maryland
Virginia
North Carolina...
South Carolina...
Georgia
Alabama
Mississippi
Louisiana...
Ohio
Tennessee
In the House, on the 15th, a bill
was reported from the Committee on Appropii itions,
debated at length and passed, authorizing the Sec
retary of the Treasury to purchase at private sale,
or by condemnation, the remainder of the square
of gronud on which the Post-office building in
Chicago recently stood, not now owned by the
Government; if the same cannot be procured at a
reasonable price, then purchase some other square,
not more than two squares distant from that local
ity, and proceed to have erected thereon a fire
proof building, for the accommodation of
the Custom House, Sub-Treasury, Post-Office,
United States Courts, and the Pension and Internal
Revenue offices; the bill appropriates two millions
of dollars, and provides that the total coet of the
Bite of the building shall not exceed four millions
of dollars A bill was also passed appropriating
53.O0O to meet the deficiency by the defalcations of
v. O. McCartney, late Disbursing Clerk of the Post
Oifice Department A bill was passed in Commit
tee of the W hole making an appropriation to pay
expenses to carry out the Treaty of WasUiugtou,
Adjourned to the jsva,
THE OLD WORLD.
In his message to the French Assembly,
which was read on the 7th, President Thiers
deplores the indebtedness of the country,
but says it la due to the machinations of the
Emperor Napoleon. He advocates the
establishment of a general compulsory mili
tary service in war time, and proposes the
limitation of the annual contingent to 90,000
men in time of peace! He says France sym
pathizes with the Pope in the maintenance of
bis spiritual Independence, and will, in case
of need, give the Holy Father a vigorous
support.
A Paris dispatch of the 10th says there was
a complete disagreement between President
Thiers and the Orleans Princes, respecting
the right of the latter to their seats in the
National Assembly.
A special dispatch from London on the
lltli says The question of the alleged
violation of neutrality by the United States
with regard to Cuba was discussed in a coun
cil of Ministers, at Madrid, on the Otb. As
the result of the council, dispatches were sent
to the Spanish Minister at Washington which
are said to contain important instructions
respecting the attitude of the United States
toward Spain in Cuban affairs. The course
of the American Government is likely to affect
the Alabama claims in the Genera Con
ference, by furnishing a precedent in favor
of the British Government in the cases of
the Hornet, the Florida, and other priva
teers." Another dispatch says a tremendous
excitement prevailed In Madrid on the re
ceipt of General Grant's message relating to
the Cuban difficulty. The Spanish Govern
ment had resolved to maintain a Arm attitude,
and reinforcements of 4,000 men, two ad
ditional Generals, and four iron-clads would
be immediately dispatched to Cuba.
The French National Assembly, on the
12th, adopted, by a vote of 289 to 277, the
recommendation from the committee having
charge of the subject, for the alienation to
the State of the crown jewels.
The British Foreign Office has sent in
structions to all its agents abroad to inves
tigate the organization of the various
branches of the International Society in the
countries to which they are respectively ac
credited, and report thereon to the govern
ment. A London telegram of the 13th says the
party of observers of the total eclipse of the
sun in the Southern Hemisphere report that
the photographs of the corona obtained are
perfect, and the result must be conclusive of
several points regarded by modern astrono
mers as needing more thorough demonstra
tion. The Prince of Wales was decidedly better
on the loth, and strong hopes were enter
tained of his ultimate recovery.
THE SEW WORLD.
Gold closed in New York on the loth at
109.Y.
Reports received at navana up to the 13th
from the sugar district relative to the new
crop were very favorable. The cane was
yielding well.
A Washington dispatch of the 10th says
There is at present no information in the
possession of the government relative to
Cuba, which requires specific legislation.
Should anything occur calling for the con
sideration of Congress, it will be communi
cated in official message. Negotiations for
a commercial treaty between the United
States and Spain will soon be concluded."
A banquet was given to the Grand Duke
Alexis at the Revere House in Boston, on the
night of the 9th, and was a line affair, being
attended by many distinguished people.
The number of deaths by small-pox in Phil
adelphia during the week ending the 9th was
198, a decrease of 34 from the previous week.
The police authorities in New York forbade
the proposed procession in that city on the
10th, of Internationalists, and the procession
did not come off. Six, out of a party of about
one hundred who attempted to parade, were
arrested in front of the Cooper Institute.
The Bible war at Hunter's Point has ended
in a compromise between the Catholic com
mittee and the Commissioners. All expelled
will be taken back Catholics will not op
pose the reading of the Scriptures, and Cath
olic children will be allowed to remain in the
class-rooms during the religious exercises.
The call for a National Convention to se
cure the recognition of God in the Constitu
tion by an amendment to that instrument
has been issued from Cincinnati. It is signed
by the Governors of Pennsylvania, Vermont
and Kansas, Judge Wm. Murray, of New
York, Bishop Mcllvaine, and numerous clergy
of Cincinnati. It is to be held in Cincinnati
on January 31, 1S72.
Johnson, the defaulting Treasury clerk,
was arrested in Washington on the 9th, and,
committed to jail iu default of $50,000 bail.
Gaston, Democrat, was re-elected Mayor
of Boston on the 11th, by about 3,500 major
ity. George F. Yerry, Citizens candidate,
was elected Mayor of Worcester by a vote of
3,541 to 1,433 for his opponent.
The reports made at a recent meeting of
the managers of the National asylums for
disabled soldiers show that over 4,000 vet
erans ate now cared for, and that new men
are coming in at the rate of 100 per week,
and will soon tax the asylums to their ut
most capacity.
The entire expense of taking the United
States census is stated at $3,2S7,60O.
The annual report of the Statistical Bureau
shows that the value of imports for direct
consumption for the year ending June 30,
was $270,957,(RJ5. Withdrawn from ware
house, S18S,(W0,O21; free of duty, .V.,102,4j0;
additional and discretionary duties, $401,098;
total, $518,759,518 duty thereon,:J0,244,06i.
The Ocean National Bank, New York city,
has failed. The condition of the bank on
the 9th, as officially given by the Clearing
House, exhibited a deficiency of S'iMT.JS, or
over 58 per cent.
An official report of the Commission ap
pointed to investigate into the origin of the
Chicago lire has been published. They find
that the fire originated in a two story frame
barn in the rear of 137 DcKoven street, the
premises being owned by Patrick Leary.
They were unable to determine whether the
fire was caused by a spark blown from a
chimney on that windy night, or was set on
fire by human agency. Mr. Leary and all of
his family prove to have been in bed and
asleep at. the time. The Commission state
the area burned over at 2,050 acres. The
total looS of property burned is estimated at
about SSOO.OOO.OOO. The number of build
ings burned is between 17,000 and 18,000.
The number of lives lost at the fire is sup
posed to have been about 200, although only
117 bodies bad been found.
Governor Palmer sent a special message to
the Illinois Legislature on the 9th, giving the
official correspondence between Gens. Sher
man, Sheridan, Gov. Palmer and President
Grant, concerning the military occupation of
Chicago. The Governor protests against
the alleged interference by the officers of the
United States army in the affairs of the State
of Illinois.
The Graud Duke Alexis is announced to
be in Detroit on the 29th. aud in Chicago on
the 30th inst.
The General Assembly of North Carolina,
after an excited debate, has authorized the
Attorney of the State to apply to the Su
preme Court of the United States for a writ
of habctte cviyie to test the legality of the
military arrests.
An Atlanta, Gu., dispatch of the 12th states
that a conflict had arisen between the Legis
lature and Governor Conley, the latter declin
ing to recognize the right of the former to
extend its session, beyoud th legal forty
days. On the 11th the Governor Instructed
the State Treasurer not to pay the members.
It was rumored at midnight that lbc Presi
dent would support the Governor against
the Legislature.
A Washington special to the New York
Timet of the 13th says that Vice-President
Colfax has informed many prominent Re
publicans, w ho have questioned him on the
subject, that ho cannot withdraw his refusal
to be considered a candidate for rcnomina
tion. It was reported in Washington on the 13th
that General Schcnck, our Minister to Eng
land, having accomplished his purpose with
reference to the Treaty of Washington, and
regarding his personal interest here as imper
ative, had requested the President to name
his successor, and call him home.
The New Hampshire Democratic State
Convention met at Concord on the 13th, and
renominated James A. Weston as candidate
for Governor. Henry Calory was nominated
for Railroad Commissioner.
The suspension of the Eighth National
Bank of New York city was announced on
the 13th.
A Columbia, 8. C, dispatch of the 13th
says: "In the Ku-Klux court to-day, a wit
ness coufessed that he was a member of the
Klan, which, he said, was formed in 1808, for
self-defense, and to prevent Incendiarism.
The town of Yorkville was threatened to be
destroyed by negroes, and many gin-honses
had already been burned. The defense pro
duced witnesses to show the urgent need of
an organization for defensive purposes."
Advices from Mexico, received on the 14th,
were to the effect that in Sonora the Federal
troops had quelled the revolt against the
Juarez Government, routing the revolution
ists at Puerto Cito, capturing all the officers,
aud one hundred men, arms, equipage and
supplies. The revolutionists still held Ma
zatlan, and were fortifying to resist attack.
The advices from the Pacific coast of Mexico
were, ou the whole, favorable to the Juarez
Government.
The President, on the 14th, sent to the
Senate the name of George H. Williams, of
Oregon, to be Attorney -General, in place of
Akcrinaa, whose resignation had been ac
cepted to take effect January 10.
The War Department, in general orders,
announce to the army the death of Briga
dier General Robert Anderson, of Fort Sum
ter memory. On the arrival of his remains
on the ship of war, Guerriere, orders will be
issued to do them honor.
A. P. Colar, Republican, has been re-elected
Mayor of Alleghany City, Pa., by about
4,000 majority.
The bill to repeal the law of Wyoming
giving women the right of suffrage hav
iug passed in the House, the Governor's
veto to the contrary notwithstanding, was
lost in the Council for want of a two-thirds
vote.
A new counterfeit fifty dollar greenback
of the new issue was recently passed at Lit
tle Rock, Ark., by a man from the Indian
country, and detected at one of the banks.
The bill is one-eighth of an inch shorter
than the genuine, and of an inferior paper.
It is well executed, and calculated to de
ceive in commercial circles. Both vignettes
arc good, but the eyes of the female figure
in the counterfeit look obliquely to the left,
instead of to the front.
The Comptroller of the Currency says he Is
satisfied that none of the National Banks in
New York were implicated, or suspected of
being implicated, in any effort to produce
any artificial stringency in the money
market.
It is stated that the Grand Duke Alexis has
contributed ?5,000 to the poor of New York,
$2,000 to the poor of Boston, and that he
contemplated adding $5,000 to the Chicago
relief fund.
The execution of John Ware, for the mur
der of his father, took place at Camden, N.
J., on the 15th. He maintained a stolid de
meanor and exhibited no agitation. He wrote
a long confession, which he gave to his coun
sel, and in which he says he killed his father
because he ill-treated bis (Johnss) mother.
He accuses several witnesses who testified on
the trial, of perjury.
Both branches of the Alabama Legislature
have resolved to extend the session beyond
thirty days. A bill has passed both houses
authorizing the Governor to issue $1,000,000
of Alabama 8 per cent, bonds, to lie used as
necessity may require.
Congressional Commit Ices.
SENATE.
Piirilegt and Election. Snmner. "Chairman
Morton. Rice, Carpenter, Logan, liill aud T bur
man. Foreion Ktlalion. Cameron. Chairman Har
lan. Morton, Patterson, Schurz, Uainlin and Cas-
scriv.
finance. Sherman. Chairman Morrill of Vcr-
jnont, Fcnton. tcott, Ames, Wright and Bayard.
Apiwopruitton. Cobs Chairman Spragne, Saw
yer. Imunds, indom, w est and htevenson.
f'ommerct. Chandler, Chairman Corbett, Kel
logg. Spencer, Buckingham, Conkling and Vickers.
Jiantjacrire. iianuin, cnairman itoDcrtson,
Spragne. Gilbert and Johnson.
AgrictUtrre. Morton. Chairman Frclinhnyscn,
Robertson, Lewis and Davis of West Virgiuia.
Military AJtatr. llson. Chnirmau Cameron,
Morton. Ames. Logan, West and Blair.
Xaml A tfim.--Cragiii. Chairman: Anthony.
Nye, Osborne, Kerry of Mich., and Alcorn of Miss.
jH'tictaty. Trumoull, t hainnan tutninnds.
Conkling, Carpenter, FreUughuysen, Pool and
Thnrman.
l'O't-Officet and iW Jtoad. Ramsey, Chairman
Pomeroy, Gilbert, Cole, Hamlin, Ferry of Mich.,
Keliev.
Pubtie Lttrtil Pomeroy, Chairman: Tipton, Os
born. Sprague, Wiudom, Logan. Casserly.
Private Land Claim Davis, of Ky., Chairman;
f erry, or conn., c alfiweii. Bayani. ifiair.
Indian Atftdc Harlan, Cluiirman; Corbett,
Buckingham, Frclinghuyscn, Wilson, Caldwell,
Davis of Ky.
InrioR Edmunds. Chairman: Tipton. Pratt,
Brownlow. Hamilton of Texas. Logan. Saulshnrv.
ItemttitionarH Claim PmK Chairman; Brown-
low. Corbett. Hill. Davis of W. Va.
Claim Howe, Chairman; Scott, Pratt, Stewart,
Boreman. Davis of W. Va.
IH'trictof (Humbia Patterson. Chairman: Sum
ner. Lewis. Silencer. Sawver, Hitchcock, iekers.
IHtttnt Ferry of Conn.. Chairman: Carpenter,
aiomu or .lie.: lnaom, Hamilton or Mil.
Public H'rildina and Ground Morrill of Vt..
Chairman: Trumbull, 4'ole, Sumner. Stockton.
Trrritori Nye. Chnirmau; Crngin, Schurz,
tsoremnn, iiitrncocK. i inyion ana i ooficr.
ViWlfr? ftailnwtd Stewart. 4'hnirmjtii: RnnnMv
Harlan, Rice, Fenton, Scott. Kellogg, Hitchcock,
Cooper, Ferry of Mich. rand Keller.
Mint and 'Minino Kice. Chairman: Chandler,
Flanacan. Tipton. Caldwell. Alcorn. Sanlsburv.
Rtcixion of the Lair of the l ititrd StittVnnk
ling. Chairman; Carpcntr, Stewart, Wright and
Hamilton of Mil.
t- .,.i T r.;. Kau... r-i..,; AT
rill of Vermont, Flanagan, Patterson and John
son. To Audit and Control Continocnt Entente of Iht
Senate Feuton, Chairman Wiudom and Sauls-
bury.
Printing Anthony, Chairman Bowe and Cas-
serlv.
Librarjr Morrill of Maine, Chairman; Howe and
Mierman.
Eiujmfcd Bill Buckingham, Chairman; Clay
ton and Davis of West Virginia.
Enrolled Bill Carpenter, Chairman; Lewis and
Kclley.
Select Committee on Rfiion of Erlet Pomeroy,
man-man: tamuims anu oayuru.
Bunotui of PtMiucul IHmhiilti Robertson
Chairman: Boreman. Ames. Hamilton of Texas.
iekers, Clayton aud Stevenson.
On Lerte of the Mliippl Kellogg, Chairman
Trumbull, Schurz, Alcorn and Hlair.
AilrOfd OHtmntx in the Southern State Scott
Chairman; Chandler, Itire, Pool, Pratt, Bayard and
Blair.
HOUSE.
On ElfcHonrTtcCTeary, of la. noar. of Mnss.
Thomas, of N. C. Perrv, of O. Hazclton, of Wis.
Eames. of R. L; Arthur; of Ky.; Morrlck, of Md.
Kice, of IU.
ttnys and Jftan Dawes, of Mass.; Mavnanl. of
Tenn.; Keller, of Pa.: Brooks, of N. Y.: Kinkeln
burg, of Mo.; Rurclianl, of III.: K. II. Robert, of
N. Y.; Kerr, of Ind.: Iteck. of X. V.
AfUfropri'ition (iarfield. of O.; Sargent, of Cnl.;
Dicker, of Pa. (lark, of N. Y.; Palmer, of la.;
Hale, "of Me.; Xiblack, of Ind.; Marshall, of IIL
Swan, of Md.
llankina and Cnrrtnry Hooper, of Mas.; Wal
dron, of Mich.; Smith, of Vt.: Farwell, of 111.:
Momoe, of O. Merrism, of N. Y.; Cox, of N. Y.;
BanL'l, of Pa.; Kox. of A'a.
Patitic E'lihvnd Wheeler, of N. Y.: Bnffiiigton,
of Mass.: LyiM-h. of Me.; Svphvr. of La. Kiltinger,
of Pa.; Revl-ridge. of 111. Hough ton. of Cal.:Avr
ill. of Minn.; Wells, of Mo.; .M. Kinii. v. of
Smith Ely, Jr., of N. Y.S Harper, of C;
Hcwy, of Ky.
Claim Blair, of Mich.; Strong, of Ci. Buckley,
of Ala.; Holman. of Ind.; Smith, of N. Y.: Frye.
of Me.; Foster, of O.; Harris, of Va.; Foster, of
I "a.
(kmmerec Shellaharger. of O.; Sawyer, of Wis.;
Lynch, of Me.; Conger, of Mich.: Sheldon, of La.
Ntigler. of Pa.; S. Holman, of Ind.; Hambleton, of
Mrt.: Townscnd. of N. Y.
Ptrfjtie Ijind Ketchum. of N. Y.: Town'nd. of
Pa.: Ilawler. of HI.; Kellogg, of Conn.; Dnnnell,
of Minn.: ltnsk, or Wis.; MeConuiek, of Mo.;
Kiti-hie. of Md.: Slnti-r, of Orvgon.
Pmt-t0Cf and lml Pond Famsworth. of 111.;
Hill, of N. J.; Twii-hell, of Masa.: Tyner. of Ind.;
Hand nil. of p.; Porter, of Va.: Honghton, of CaL;
an Trump, of O. Carroll, of X. Y.
Jfttnufarlnrc Burdeit. of Mo.: Ames, of Mass.;
Upson, of O.; Stowell, of Va.; Dc Large, of S. C;
Rice, of Kr.; !todgcr. of N. V. Stevens, of III.:
McClelland, of Pa.; Mitchell, of Wis.; Williams, of
N. V.
AgHcidtare Wilson, of O.: Hays, of Ala.: Ha
vens, of Mo. Lampert. of N. Y-; Speer. of tla.
Hazelton, of N. J. Haldeman, of Pa.; Garrett, of
Tenn.: Crostand, of Kr.
Indian A fair Shanks, of Ind. Burnett, of Mo.
Smith, of O.: Arcrill. of Minn.; Creeley, of Fa.;
Edwards, of Ark.; Adams, of Ky.
Military Affair Coburn. of Ind.; Stonghton, of
Mich.:Hav, of 111.; IKinnan, of Iowa; Morey. of
La. Harris, of Miss.; Slocntn, of N. Y.; Campbell,
of O.: Terrv. of Va.
mtitia Sheldon, of La.; Snrague, of O. Twlch
ell. of Mass.; Walls, of Fla.; Rusk, of Wis.; Con
ner, of Tex.: Blair, of Mo.; Acker, of Pa.; Tuthill,
of N. Y.
ItiVriet of Colitmtiia Starkweather, of Conn.;
Williams, of Ind.: Pollard, of Vt.: Parrell. of Ijl;
Horner, of Pa.: Cotton, of Iowa; Eldrldgc, of Wis.;
Crehs. of 111.; Rosevelt, of N. Y.
Judiciary Bingham, of Ohio; Butler, of Mass.;
Peters, of Me.: Mercer, of Pa.: Wilson, of Ind.:
Goderlch. of N. Y.: Eldridge, of Wis.; Yoorhee,of
Ind.; Potter, of N. Y.
Krrottdionarv 'Mm Wallace, of S. C. Pendle
ton, of R. I. Prindle. of X. J.: Mclunkin. of Pa.:
Stowell. of Va. Comings, of Mo. Hancock, of
Tex.: Handlev. of Ala.; Forker, of X. 1.
Public Erpe'iiditure Sawyer, of Wis. Strong, of
Conn.; Wlntelev. of Oa.; Lowe, of Kan.; Foster,
of Mich.; Kinsclla. of N. Y.; Meyers, of Pa.; Davis,
of W. Va.: Reed, of Ky.
Prirale Land Claim Mcrmr, of Pa.: Upson, of
O. McOrcw, of W. Va. Smith, of N. Y. Cogblan,
of CaL Barber, of Wis. Haldeman, of Vt. Bell, of
N. II.: Brhrht. of Tenn.
Xaral .ijriink-Scofleld. of Pa.; Starkweather, of
Conn.: Kctcham. of N.' Y.: Hays, of Ala.; Piatt, of
Va. Coghlan, of Cal. Archer, of Md. Sutherland,
of Mich.; Whitthornc, of Tenn.
Foreign A fain Banks, of Mass. Myers, of Pa.
Willard, of Vt.; Ambler, of O.: DnelL of N. Y.;
Packard, of Md.: Wood, of N. Y.; Morgan, of O.;
Robinson, of Ills.
Tenitorie Tsffe, of Neb.: McKee, of Miss.;
Prindle, of N. Y.; Parkes, of Mo.; Lowe, of Kan.:
Shoemaker, of Va. Harnnm, of Conn. Vanjhan, of
Tenn. Howard, of W. Va.
Rerotutionary Penkm and War of 1819 Wil
lard. of Vt. Porter, of Va. Fames, of R. I. Cobb,
of X. C. Spragne. of O. Rice, of Ky. Forker, of
N. J.: Caldwell, of Tenn.
Inralid PenMon Moore, of HI.: Peck, of O.:
Wallace, of 9. C: Mclunkin. of Pa.: Wakeman. of
N. Y.; Turner, of Ala.: Bond, of N. J.; Monson,
of Ind.: and Spccr, of Pa.
Railicau and Canal Packer, of Pa. Ames, of
Mass.; Halser. of X. J.: Morphia, of Mo.; Kn.ipp,
of 111.; St. John, of N. Y. Biggs, of DcL Win
chester, of Ky. Lamison. of Ohio.
J fine and 'Mining Waldron. of Mich. Sargent,
of Cat; Banks, of Mass.; Smith, of Vt.; Negley. of
Pa.: Sessions, of N. S baler, of N. C; Young.
of f ia. Kendall, of Nev.
Frtedmtn'a Atfatr Cobb, of X. C: Brooks, of
Mass.; Butler, of Tenn.: Seelev. of N. Y. Snvder,
of Ark.: Rainey. of S. C; Griffith, of Pa.; Braxton,
of Ky. King, of Mo.
Etlueatkm and Lalnvr Pierre, of Mis.: Hoar, of
Mass.; Townscnd. of Pa.: Butler, of Tenn.; Ben
nett, of Minn.; Elliott, of S. C; McNeeley, of HI.;
Storm, of Pa. Mclntyre. of Ga.
Reri-im of the Lair of the I'nited Stale Butler,
of Mass. Pollard, of Vt. Ambler, of O.: Lansing,
of N. Y.; Killinger. of Pa.; Bnglcy, of Ga.; Leach,
of S. C. Sherwood, of Pa. Sloss, of Ala.
Coinage. Wright and Mtaure Keller, of Pa:
nooper. of Mass. Beattv, of O. Stonghton, of
Mich.: Cricher. of Vs.: Roberts, of N'. Y.: Parks.
of N. II. I
Patent MTers. of Pa.: Stevenson, of O.: Brooks.
of Mass.; Barry, of Miss.; Walden, of Iowa: War
ren, of N. Y.; Hi hoard, of N. IL; Golladay, of
Tenn. Dnbois, of Ga.
Public Building and Ground Halser. of N. J.
Tyner. of Ind.; Piatt, Jr., of Va.; Orr. of Iowa;
rarwcii. or in.: fwsions. oia. l.; uctx, oi ra.;
Wells, of Mo.: Pemr. of X. Y.
Mileaie McOrew. of Ga.: Darrell. of La.; Hazel-
ton, of X. J.: Oolladay. of Tenn.: Blair, of Mo.
.4ro Bumneton. of Mass.: Sawyer, of Wis.;
Harris, of Miss.; Archer, of Md.: Lewis, of Ky.
Expenditure in State Ifepartment Conger, of
Mich.; Whitely. of Ga.; Havens, of Mo.; Rogers,
of La.; Myers, of Pa.
hxnendilHret in Treamry Denarmuml Lynch, of
Me Sviiher. of Ij Hxr. of ill.: Bamum. of
Conn. Kendall, of Nev.
Erjtenditiire in Var Department Williams,' of
Ind.; Barber, of Wis.: Snyder, of Ark.; Acker, of
Pa.; Kinsclla. of X. Y.
Aj-uendilum in Aary IMitarftnent Kelloeg. or
Conn.; Parker, of Mo.; Hostetter, of Wis.; Biggs,
of DeL; and Tuthill. of X. Y.
Expenditure in Port OMce Department Barry, of
Miss. Hosmer. of Pa. Bigby, of Ga. Roberts, of
N. Y. and Shaler, of N. C.
Expenditure in Iidinor iMoortmntU :T1 s, of
N. J. Smith, of O.: Bcveridge, of 11L Adams, of
Kv. Conner, of Texas.
Expenditure on Public Building Mavlrj, of
HI. Morphi?. of Mi". Shoemaker, of Pa. S ood,
of N. Y. Duke, of Va.
Rule The Siieaker: Banks, of Mass. Garneld,
of O. Cox, of X. Y. Randall, of Pa.
Printing Beatty. of O.: Pendleton, of S. I;
Price, of Ga.
Library Peters, of Me.: halen. of N.
Campbell, of O.
E.irotte-1 Bill Bnckley, of Ala.; Foster, of
Mich. Bird, of N. J.
Jotnt Srlrrt Committee on luiirreclionary stale
Poland, of Vt.: Maynard. of Tenn.: ScoHeUl. of
ra. rarnswortn, oi ill. t ooum. ot mo. r-ieven-snn,
of O. Butler, of Mass.; Lansing, of X. Y.
Cox. of X. Y. Beck, of Ky. Van Trump, of O.
Waddell. of N. C. Robinson of IIL Hawks of
Ark.
Xeleri Committee on Jfitsivfim Lereeytmy, of
La. Waldron, of la.; McKee, of Miss Gclx, of
I'm. Duke, of a.
The Dear and Dumb.
It wasa misty, rainy .morning, late in
October of this same year of 1871, when
the Governor of Massachusetts, with a lit
tle company of curious and interested
people, went down to iNortnampton, in
the same State, and once there, soon found
their way to the Clarke Institution. A.
visitor coming into the school building a
little late, after going up a flight of broad
stens from the first floor. Units himself in
a large exhibition hall, at the back of
which, seated in rows on benches, are
twecn forty and fifty boj-s and girls, of all
ages and sizes, from the coquctti.-.h youn:
Miss, nist getting well into bcr teens, anu
concerned about her ribbons and her coif
fure, down to tiny little things of fiveand
six. 1 he front seats are occupieu by tne
company on the platform, in front of a
large blackboard, is a group of children,
evidently a class, attended by a teacher.
lou cannot see mat tnese cniitircn are
being put through an examination in any
especial branch. They seem to be talking
and laughing, ana having a good time
among themselves. You think, perhaps,
I hey are having amateur theatricals on a
small scale, as you listen to a conversa
tion between them. The teacher, advanc
ing to a bright-eyed little girl of seven,
savs "Here, Fanny, is a pear for you,"
and puts it into her hand. Fanny turns
to a little girl older than herself, nnd says:
"Miss J gave me this pear." Mary
replies "I like pears very much please
give nie some." Fanny says: "You may
have a small piece, aud hands it to 1
Here a small boy joins them, and says to
Funny "I like pears, too give mrsomc."
t nnny hands it to Itim, saying, again
"You may have a small piece." But he
puts it in his pocket, and is going away.
when the owner ot tne pear cans out
"No no You arc a selfish lny P' and
makes him give it back. She then
gives it to Mary, saying: "Put it
iu the closet." Mary takes it.
and walks slowly towards the ciosct. rat
ing it as she goes. Walking so slowly
and eating so fast, it is a miestion as
to whether any pear w ill be lelt when the
gets to the closet. That Fanny hits her
doubts on the subject is evidenced by the
lively manner in which she expresses her
this is very simple, you say, and
you would expect more from the young
est children in our primary acnuuin.
Certainly. But arc you aware that evory
one of these children is deaf T that when
they caroc to this school they could not
sneak and that had they been sent to
one of the ordinary schools, provided for
chihlrcu of their class, they would have
remained dumb as well as deaf Tor lilc
The exercises which they arc being put
through arc to show their proficiency in
siMH cii. nnd their tiuicknos in compre
bending what is said from the motion of
the lii: and ail inui nicy kuow oi mcse
things has been taught them during one
or two years at school. Their proficiency
is tested in various ways. The class nrc
made to stand with their backs to the
black board, and one of their numlM-r is
selected to stand before them, facing it
read sentences written by the teacher.
such as "Bring uictliut book," ''Put J.bv
mic on the table," etc. They all watch
the little reader's lips intently, and at the
end of each sentence tip go several little
bunds. The owner of one is selected, and
he trots off with an air of gratified sclf
imMrtance to bring the lxmk, or to put
Jemmic on the desk, as the case may lie,
thus showing that he has understood
what his classmate has just said. Jem
mic, when lifted uixin the desk, where he
stands half timidly, half proudly, facing
the company, turns out to be a tiny fellow
of only five" years, with large blue eyes,
sunny hair, nnd a very resolute mouth
and chin. The children Ihen take turns
to write on the black-board sentences
spoken by their teacher.
In a higher class, which is next mar
shaled upon the platform, there is one
little maiden who lost hearing when three
years old. She has Iiecn under instruction
here four years, and she speaks as well as
any hearing child of her age, tbongh
when she first came she hail lost speech
entirely, but for the instruction she has
received she would never have spoken
again. A young girl of nineteen is in
this class, who is a congenital mute, and
never received any instruction until she
came to school here, herjfriends preferring
to keep her at home nnd communicate
with her by natural signs. She has been
here two years, and now she speaks so as
to be understood, has almost dropped the
habit of using signs, nnd reads the lips
better than she talks. Another noticeable
case is a colored boy of ten, who became
deaf at four years of age, and was not
sent to school before being plrfccd here
some six months ago. He has never lost
speech, owing, probably, to unusual care
on the part of his mother. He has im
proved greatly since being here, and talks
very well but it is amusing to see how
the African peculiarities in pronunciation
will sometimes crop out in his talk and
he has all the marked partiality of the
race for making himself conspicuous its
easy, good-natured, silly conceit, and ten
dency to take things easy its impulsive
quickness of retaliat ion and swiftly-chang-ging
moods but he is no iaggurd with his
lessons, and delights to learn. Some one
having asked him how old he was, he re
plied in a loud, distinct voice, addressing
the whole company, and not one whit
abashed, that he would be ten years old
next "Jinnovary." He further informed
the audience, with a grin, that he lived in
Lennox which he pronounced "lcnx,"
very short on the right hand side of
the road." This happens to be the home
of the Lieutenant-Governor of the State,
who was sitting not far away.
the children in this class were put to
writing out words from dictation on the
blnck-iioard. They were such words as
'Steamboat." "October." "September."
I believe only one word was missed, and
that was Waterproof."
A third class was employed in writing
out on the board descriptions of the vari
ous objects in an engraving which was
held up by their teacher. This was done
to show their fluency in written language.
They were also exercised in sums in mul
tiplication, calling out the figures as they
wrote them c'own and summing ttp the
result orally. I should except one little boy,
who was allowed to do it all in writing be
cause, though he talks very well, he is
subject to a distressing nervousness
which incapacitates him from appearing to
advantage before strangers. The poor
fellow suffers from a contraction of the
lower facial muscles, so that his mouth is
drawn to one side, and he fancies that
everybody is noticing it. His teacher re
lated to me an allccting incident in this
connection.
She had the children gathered aliont her
one oundav and was telling tnem oi
Heaven. Thev had a great many ques
tions to ask. Should they be allowed
to play in heaven r" Should they wear
long white dresses and questions of a
like nature. She told them that they
would be very happy and very beautiful
there, and that they would s-ce a great
many bcautilul things. tscautuui
"I beautiful?" "Oh, I shall never lie
beautiful P' cried out one and another,
with all the intensity of childish self
depreciation. She repeated that they
would lie beautiful and free from all
liodily defects. Just then she caught the
gaze of the boy whom I have mentioned
Iixed upon ncr iacc, wiiu inicnse eager
ness. He waited till he saw that all the
children were looking at her, and in a
moment, when no one saw him, he made
a rapid and significant gesture and asked,
Will my face be straight Poor child!
such a look of perfect delight came into
his eyes when the teacher gravely an
swered, Yes."
In a fourth class the children did
sums in simple fractions from the oral
dictation of the teacher, and gave speci
mens of impromptu composition, which
they wrote on the Wack-board, and read
aloud. This class all keep a daily journal.
which is read and corrected by their
teacher each day.
The highest classes were examined in
the various studies taught in other schools.
Thev gave some interesting illustrations
in chemistry, under the dirortion of their
teacher, and cxplauicd tue dinercm pro
cesses as they went along. They were
also examined in physiology; and they
study mcntid phylosophy, botany ana
drawing.
There was one Hltie ieliow so excecu-
1 at....
inglv bright in me scienmic oraueucs iuai
he won from the Governor the remark
that he would lie heard of by and by as a
lecturer on kindred subjects.
One must bear constantly in mind that
these children are taught entirely by word
of month: that no gestures are ever used,
except such ordinary ones as often occur
natumllv when a speaker tries in all ways
to enforce what he is saving. Air w York
Kceniog Mtil.
A Jtace for a Wife.
fi-.. i-ii. i.. ,c..i i-i. t,
..i,,fc. "J"J","V Z.."
m tT"S 1
An exciting runaway match took place
.-..r,i,v i" which the would lie bride-
vesterdav in which the would-le bride-
groom, uy 8Uerior tic.-u sun iiunum,
overcame all ob-tades and won his prize.
The hero is W. Benedict, formerly
lcadcr of the Valh jo Killes Brass Band,
and at present liand-master on Iwiard the
California the heroine is a young lady
of this city. The two had formed a
i i i
mutual attachment, and were engaged to
he married. But "the course oi iruc
smooth," and the
love never did
run
vniniT lailv had a
big brother who was
strongly opposed to the match, not being
satisfied w ith the social standing of the
suitor. So a runaway match was ar
and vesterdav the hitter engaged
a splendid double team of Johnr.ie Brown-
li- and. re.rlendeni in navai uuuurui
and brass nutions. move irounu
residence of his affianced. The two then
drove off to Suisun. Meanwhile the
brother finding
his sister absent, smciv a
rat. aud having an
..i what wms un.
themselves leisurely, when the brother
anoeared on the scene. The couple catch-
ing night of hiui. made for their team, i
nnd jumping in, started for Fairfield at i
i,n...'w.nw k mrr in sret the license.
holt .11 l-unor binm-H bis horse after t
then, and hna ly overt.KiK luem in ..a,

lliirA l-.n iril'll If! IIIL'IL'LI
She clerk from issuing a license, but
Initll
i.i.i
parties being of nge. Jhe latter could not
Armed WHU Ills lll'viu-e. ueiituiii,
to perform t-tt' marriage ceremony,
r.'iusc.
handed his sweetheart into the buggy, i pit Joe to noJH P it -but instead o
and was about stepping in himself, when the dog and cat into l but ?u
i.Vi,r,.t!M-rro--ircd him A serious scuttle catchin the mouse, mum, they tooK to
lt im' BSclUrlnM,ook him JlghUtf. and "VB
off. aud started for Suisun to find a justice iu aniongUic iw-W t 9
brother rushed for his buggy and started
in hot pursuit. It was the fastest mile
race ever witnessed at the county seat, and
both Fairfield and Snisun turned out en
matnt to witness it. Whip lashes cracked,
wheels spun like tops, and the gravel on
that would-be macadamized road flew from
the horses' feet like hailstones. TheloTers
came out ahead and rushed for the jus
tice's office without delay. Their pur-
suer followed hard alter, and tried to
prevent the performance of the ceremony,
but his expostulations were of no avail.
A few brief words made the two one, and
the baffled brother sadlv returned to his
team and drove back to Vallcjo. Benedict,
now a happy Benedict, left his team in
the stable, and took the down train in
the evening, going down to San Francisco
with his bride on their wedding tour.
Brownlie is thus far out a team on the ar
ramrenient. which is eating its head off
in Suisun, while the lover are enjoying
themselves in other climes.
Snicides..
It would be a nice onestion for the
moral philosopher to determine whether
horrors tend to propagate horrors; wheth
er th great disasters by fire and flood,
which have been sweeping across the
country, and indeed the entire world, thia
year, have been the immediate cause of
the smaller and more Individual disasters
which have broken out In almost every
village in the land. We refcT particularly
to suicides. France has long enjoyed the
rather unenviable distinction of setting
suicide fashions for the world, but during
the past year, the United States, in propor
tion to population.will certainly far surpass
that country. We have not yet arrived at
the esthetic nicety of the Parisian. With.
his fastidious instincts, he must go "de
cently and in order," and with a certain
A titm.i tit m.J, 1 1 anal W. n nttotiftina bid
taking off. With our more practical no-'
tions and characteristic hurry, we stand
not npon the order of our going, bat go
at once," helter-skelter, and in all manner
of bizarre and coarse exits.
nitherto, these unnatural methods of
closing up accounts with the world have
been confined to a certain few of the most
miserable of mankind, who had been re
duced by liquor to insanity, or who had
been driven to the verge of madness by
an incurable disease, escape from which
could only be found in the outlet of death.
But at present the most trivial cause
is made the pretext for suicide. -It
is almost impossible to take
up the most remote village paper without
finding in it an account of a local suicide.
Country towns supply more of these vio
lent deaths, proportionately, than the
cities, whereas, previous to this year,the.
reverse was the case. A short time since
a man hanged himself because Darwin
had proved man's descent from the mon-
kev. anduierebv unwittingly furnished a
striking exemplification of the truth of the
distinguished naturalist's theory of the
origin of species. Several cases have oc
curred, recently, where children of tender
age have killed themselves because they
were corrected by their parents. A silly
T,i:.,.. c.l,n,,l tTi-1 tli nther ilav took
luuiuun .v i j
poison because she failed in one of her
tasks. Two young misses ia Maine, a
week or two ago, without any apparent
reason whatever, embraced each other on
the brink of Lewiston rails and jumped
over. A woman in me interior vi uiis
State, the other day, took poison because
her husband forbade her going to a balL
Another one hanged herself; because
her husband didn't want her to
I Mn V 11 V.i.m
sing at a concert. wi mcu "vnr
selves because they are poor, and rich
men because they are afraid they may be
poor. Women are killing themselves from
reasons ot desertion, aecepuoii, iun-
ness, dry goods, millinery, dancing
and absurd whims of every de
scription, while children,- scarcely out of
their paniaieus ana pinaiore, ajre mo
fashions of their elders, and, on snch
small juvenile reasons as they can muster,
cut off the scant threaas oi tneir uvea.
Undoubtedly, our fast and reckless man
ner rf livinfr furnishes the clue to a ma
jority of these cases, but what shall be
said oi those numerous uiucr uhcs, u
no remedy exists? The epidemic grow
alarming. Life is cheapening at a rate
which will soon make it a drug. In the
existing condition of things, no one can
rise in the morning with the certainty
that his next door neighbor is not hanging
ungracefully to a beam, because his beef
steak was burned. We have been visited
during the past few months by several su
pernatural personages; among them the
Ice Fiend, and the Fire Fiend, and the
Flood Demon, and the Wind Fury, and
the Plague Spectre. Has that mythical
personage, the Fool-Killer, also come?
We can imagine no other theory
which will account for this insane tenden
cy to hurry to "that bourne," etc
But is there not a remedy for this moral
disease? The mania is spreading, and the
worst feature of it is that it attacks, ap
parently, good, sensible, steady men, who
have never been supposed before to have
suicidal tendencies. There is always a
certain class in the community who may
be expected to go off in this violent man
ner; but cannot something be done to
stay sensible people from such an ab
surdity? Is there not a panacea in our
ruins? If a man is tired of his life let him
come here an begin it over again. H a
man finds suggestions of nooses and cold
poison floating in his imagination there is
nothing so effectual as sinking the imag
ination and getting down to hard facts.
There are plenty of hard facts in out
ruins to be resolved into realities by hard
work. We offer, therefore, an inviting
field for erratic individuals contemplating
suicide. Let them take to the trowel, and
saw, and plane, and see how quickly all
their troubles will disappear. Work is
the antidote of misery as well as nonsense.
In the case of children, we do not see
how these vouthful idiots can be pre
vented from "escaping from this wicked
world. In the case of women, it would
be useless, for when a woman will, she
will, "and there's an end on't." But any
man who can work, is inexcusable, in the
light of our ruins. Chicago TrSiune.
Valve of Acorns. Perhaps it may
not be generally known, says a California
paper, that acorns command a good price
twentv dollars per ton in Stockton,
and quite a profitable business has been
done by several parties gathering acorns
and disposing of them at that price. Our
attention has" been drawn particularly to
one instance wherein an industrious and
energetic farmer, who resides in the fam
ine district on the west side of the San
Joan n in Kiver. who, during the season.
rathcred acorns sufficient in amount to
ivn,oev enough to pay his taxes
iand ieVvein his hands a surplus oftwen
tv-tive dollars J"f "P1,
"twenty-five dollars ahead of the hounds
From these acorns, gathered rrom me
large treca liortlering on the river, and
which are said to be of excellent quality,
twenty dollars per ton is a price readily
obtained from parties in this city, who
use this product for fattening hogs.
Is the early days of the London Tittle
it was the custom, in announcing max-
I riages. to state the amount of the dowry
"-ii cm r 300. w hatever it might be
and in looking through the ladies' column
one morning at breakfast, Mr. YV alter
threw out the suggeston that if a man.
mad all that money he might certainly
pay a tritiiug percentage upon it to the
printer for acquainting me
world with
fees would
-uinnnev for me.
form a nice .'f
my dear, added Mr W her
nusuaim s" k. frtfl.
lue cunrce ui ur
repurchased bv the present proprietor, it
was assessed at 5,000 a year.
it. i mtaihav.
Snmii nave anv oi uiufc imciui.-
ions children been playing with the piano
I while I have been out of town? fcome of
ivon't sound at ail. oarau
...v
4 ll..., mum I lon
I v
v i.:w
abOUI II lei
was mcUnng H. he

lUC mouse u tucic ptu M't