HXBALD AND TEIBTOK
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1871.
2VOTZCC
Those Indebted to the subscriber will
call and BCttle their accounts by
5inr 1872, otherwise thejr will find
In the bands of an officer for col
them la tne n A DluwOBm
lection.
bot23w4
wUe ALL Royal Arch
na"ie jVT Washington X,hap-
er .t.r.A fnmmiiniMtion
the next
...iiir mated communication
''JSm evening, the 1st day of Decem
Frlday V.JV nmi for the
on
..'rear will
,i .r the M.
H. P.
norSlw
John S. Matiies, sc'y.
Cttmrnge Schedule.
Bound West Mail Train 7.31, A. M.
ipress Train 6.31, P. M.
Bound East Mail Train 5.44, P. M.
Kipress Train 7.1 C, A. M.
Public Speaking.
Col. Baxter requests us to ay that he
will aYail himself of the ensuing round of
Court to ventilate the printing and oth
ar frauds, and to discuss other matters of
Interest. The first of these speeches will
b delivered at
.Jonesboro', Monday, December 4.
3d. At Athens, Monday, December 11.
3d. At Kingston, December 12 and
4th. At Maryville, December 26.
Other appointment will be announced
hereafter. KnoxvilU Chronicle
Religious Notice.
Elder W. G. Barker, of the Christian
Church, will preach in the Baptist Church,
on Lords-da-, (Dec. 3rd..) at 1 1 A. 31.
and Elder Samuel Millard at 6 P. M.
Peasianers.
.Next Monday. December 4th, is the
time for Pensioners to come up and fix
their papers for the next draw. Let none
fail.
Jsnesbsra Foundry
The Stockholders of the Jonesborough
Foundry Co, will meet f a morrow evening
(Friday) t the counting room of Mahonev
A Shipley. A full attendance is desired.
Business of the utmost importance to bo
transacted. .j
Died,
Near this place, on the 161h inst., Mrs.
Angeline, wife of Mr. Joseph Morgan.
Her infant, two dajs old, died the next
dav. They were interred iu the same
Krave.
Ctonaeery Court
Is in session this week. Chancellor II
C. smith, presiding. A e notice many
lawyers from our neighboring towns in at
tendance.
Church lliiildlnjre.
Work has been suspended on the Chris
tian Oiurch until Snrine. We under
stand that the suspension wa necessltnt
d by a change in the original plan of the
roof. The work is still progressing on the
parsonage attached to this Church.
Work will soon be resumed on the M.
E. Church, and it is hoped, will be prose
cuted until the building is completed.
GUESS who is the neatest Housekeep
er in our town? We know her. She clean
her knives, china, window, paint, oil
cloths, tables and floors, and brightens
liertiu.hrass and copper wares w ith h.nocli
Morgan's Sou' Sapolio. Ask for it. It is
a good thing.
Church Controversy.
We have received a communication
from A member of the M. E. Church
South" in answer to Homo's article.
which appeared two weeks cince. After
consulting the writer and believing that
o good will result to the people generally
by continuing this controversy, we respect-
fally decline publishing any thing more
ou the subject at present.
Preparing for Court.
Last week we raw one of our prominent
sad fficjt ffi :erj.na wh stt ilahij'i and
does business with tlinpatch, riding an ox
through our streets bare backed except
saddle pockets, summoning witnesses
to atteud the next Circut Court. As the
election comes off again next summer, our
worthy friend knows full well. what
what" in some of our rural districts. We
make the prediction that he cannot be
beaten in this county for Sheriff.
ecoveiina;.
We understand that Mr. Win. Shell, liv
ing iu the vicinity of Elizabethton, who.
It will be remembered was waylaid and
came near being killed by the Turners and
Samuel Fuhr. a short time since, is recov
ering from his injuries, and is considered
out of clanger. The parties who assailed
Mr. Shell, and his son, killing the latter
outright, are endeavoring to give an
18,000 bond each, for their appearance at
the next term ot the Circuit Court, but
up to this time have failed."
II! for Kansas.
Twenty-four colored persons fromC'ar
ler County, embracing a number of fami
lies, passed through this place ou Tuesday
morning on the train, bound for Kaunas.
They were a likely t of darkies, and be
fore the "cruel war" would have brought
a round price. They take with them a
sufficient amount of money to purchase
small farms. We wish them happy homes
and prosperity among the people oi this
rapidly rising State.
We know that Tor cleaning paint, win
dows, china and glassware; for polishing
knives, tiu. Iron, brass ami copper w ares,
and for removing stains from marble and
porcelain, and rust from in hin.-rj
l.noch Morgan Sons' Sapolio is the best
thing In use-v vliBov23.
Incendiarism.
We learn from a trustworthy nource,
hat a bold attempt was made, ou last
Thursday night, to burn liogersville.
About half-past ten o'clock, the carpen
ter shop of Faw bush nowrie was dis
covered to be on fire. No lire had been
in the shop, as the stove, lacked piping
and both carpenters were absent during
the day. The shavings had been ignited,
communicating the flame to one corner
of the room. Fortunately, a bucket of
water was found Iu the building, which
ith a few more buckets that soon retch
edthe spot, the Are was extinguished.
The shop was a wooden structure, sur
rounded by wooden buildings, ou Maim
treet, In the most compact part of the
town. Had the fire got under headway,
the most Tal uable portion of liogersville
would have been consumed, as there were
no facilities to prevent such a catastro
phe. There Js no doubt among the eiti
ens, that It was a deliberate attempt to
burn them out. Every town should be
on the lookout, and exercise a strict vigi
lance over all suspicious characters. The
dreadful history of fire disasters for the
last few months, Is full of Important let
ting to every community.
Let those of our readers in search of a i
tw tire Darby'a Prophylactic FJald
r trial, for it virtues lor this purpose
m extolled oa eref-
At the residence of Major A. Wall, on
the 16th inst, by Iter J. L. M. French,
Mr. 31. K. BENSox,ofNew York City,
eno ww
to Mis 11 ATT IE ItOSS,
At last King has yielded to the nobler
impulses of human nature, obeyed the in
junctions of Diioe Economy, and knows
the sweetest falicity of man. The harp
that baDgsin Tara'n halls give forth no
sweeter tym phonies than' the muse of
these fresh nuptial warbles into the
world's love. May this bark of mingled
and sworn devotions find ever a placid
current and be wafted onward, nnder the
brightest skies to that pure eternal sphere
a m iw a
wnere the name is love ana tne neart is
purity. There it a music of earth that
swe Ms its strains over human alliances
heedless of human plots, and that self
same sacred ness has baptized in its sacred
influence the union of these heart.
May for tbcm the stream of being flow
sweetly on and the sunshine of happiness
dance along its wares.
Thank.
The Messrs. Culver Brothers have onr
sincere thanks for one of their splendid
"r armer otoves. j nts is the stove, -par
excellence. May the Culver Brothers' live
forever.
J. L.. Manx.
Maggie Mass.
Messrs Editors. Permit me through
your columns to effer my hearty thanks
ami those of rov 'amily to the persons,
w hite and black, men and boys who a few
days ago, labored faithfully to discover
and extinguish a fire under one of the
hearths of my house.
And let me add Messrs Editors, that
you are mistaken as to the origin of the
fire; it was found that a sill ran through
the chimney, and under the hearth, and
it w as tins sill that was on fire and just
below the hearth, and the fire was not dis
covered until the fireplace was torn out.
The existence of this dry beam, in the
chhnney. not being known or imagined
no amount of vigileuce could have pre
vented the fire.
C. II. Wiley.
Jonesboro, Xov. 2Sth.
Milbcknton, Nov. 27, IS71.
Messrs. gdilors I find iu examining
the minutes of the Holston Conference,
M. E. Church, that I wus granted a Su
pernnmerary relation at my own request
I wili to state through your paper, in or
der that the ?acts inuj- be made known
to4he public, that I never made such a
request or application. Yours truly,
John Maiioxev.
IIuUbToN County, G a., Dec. 22, 1868.
Me.ss. y.eiliit Co., Macon, Gti.:
Gentlemen Simmons Liver Regula
tor has been used iu my family many years
with f;ieat success. 1 regard it au invalu
able family medicine, and take pleasure in
recommeuiling it to the public.
Very respectful I v.
Key. J. UUFUS FELDER.
A Welcomed Visiter.
Mrs. liowden, of Memphis, has become
resident of our town. She is introduced
to our community with the highest testi
monials. She remains with us to educate
her daughters.
A New Medical Work.
"How to Treat the Sick" is the title of
a new medical work before the public.
read the book we can endorse its common
sense. It is written in a plaiu intelligi
ble style and contains a vast fund of val
uable information. Publishers, Austin.
Jackson Co., Danville, N. Y.
TIieAldiite.
Tho climax of a monthly periodical has
been reached in the Aldine. Literary ex
cellency js combined with the artistic per
fection of embellishments.' The Aldine
is a new American art. in which Maud
Mul ler's beauty, WhittierV pathos and
the ambition of tho greatest artist are
combined. Terms $",00 per year.
AdJresa James Sutton Co., 23, Liberty
street, New York.
Graver Sc. Baker's
Sewing Machine excel in all these im
portant points
Beauty and Elasticity of Stitch. -Perfection
and Simplicity of Machine-
Usit.g both threads directly from the
hKM)ls.
No fastening of seams by hand and no
waste of thread.
Wide range of application without
change of adjustment.
The heam retains its beauty and urm-
iir.-s after washing and ironing.
Resides doing all kinds of work done by
other Sewing Machines, these Machines
execute the most beautitui and perma-
nent Embroidery
and ornamental'work.
V. Teeter, Atent,
Ji.usl'orouijh. Tenn.
ii viH:t
Our V line Folks.
An Illustrated Moiithlv Magazine for
Boys aiid Girls, edited by J. T. Towbridge
W I'll
MitU ljucy Jarcoui. uur loui.g roius
hold ui.disputed the foremost rank among
inaguziiiCtTlor Boys and Girls.. -The vari
ety and excellence ot its Stories. Sketches
ot Sravel and Discovery, Papers onScien-
iiT and Industrial topics, foetus and
ooher .diveritied Literary Coutent.s. ren
der it loih instructive and entertaining,
and win lor it the hearts .favor of those
who read lor amusement or ,or profit
Hie numberaiid wiiperiirit v ofits pictures
t.-- i i- a
give it MUditionai value aim Miiraci ion.
The December number of Olliver
Optic's Magazine is bo tempting' ie its
contents, that "our bovs and -girls will
le noxious to subscribe lor another year.
It.it seldom teat one periodical contains
so much that is good, and in such variety.
Iu ohis number, Optic, Kellogg, and
Sophie May finith their charming stories;
there is poetry both serious and comic,
scientific articles, choice sketches, travel
and adventure, a profusion of pictures,
puzzles enough to satisfy the most exact
ing, chit-chat with correspondents, "pigeon
hole-papers" on various topics, a lively
piece of music, and other good things "too
numerous to mentien." Published by
Lee Shepard, 149 Washington Street,
Boston. $2.50 a year.
Peters' Musical Monthly for De
cvaiber is to band., containing., nineteen
choice pieces of Vocal and Instrumental
Music, all of which an be had for SO
cents. It seems hard to' believe that so
much can be furnished for such a small
am, but we know that it i. It comes
regularly erery month, and contains noth
ing but good Music.
Bound volume for .1871 axe offered,
iost-pald, for $3. They come elegaaUy
bound in crimson cloth, gilt aides and
edges, and are guaranteed to eontain $30
worth of choice Piano Musior (some 200
pieces.) If ordered per express, $4.50
will secure it; We woold advise all these
seeking Holiday Present to bear this work
in mind, f Music is alway a proper pres
ent to a lady, and in no other ..shape can
the same amount of good mosie be bovgb.
It is published by J. It. Peter,' 399
BrodwT, New York. i
ED U CATIO IT AL.
BY prof, hendeksox pkesnkll.
Then to withla avery m a diAna ideal, tha
typa after which ka was created, tba germa of
parieet peraoa, aid it la laa cmce or oaacattoa
to i a, ror ana direct taeee carua. jlabt.
SCHOOL S04RD.
On the first Monday in December, the
County Board will bold an adSooml

meetings Inmanjof the district; no
schools have been opened since the Coon
ty System became m law. We most do
oneoHwo thincs. either abandon the
or iaxe now ot the matter in such a way
as to cause the County Court to Lstt a
school tax. A matters now stand, thm
County System is a faUnre. and wHi be a
w
failure so long as the County Board
uaietiv over our misionnnea.
a ar
The school question needs agitation.
Nothing but constant agitation will ever
arouse our people to the importance of
Common Schools for the masses.
Hivery member of this Board ought to
read a school journal of some kind. In
this war it can be ascertained what is be
ing done in other States for free school.
Millions of dollars are spent in some of
the States for school purposes alone. In
1 t m a m
me states, taxation lor ed ncation is
thought to be a great privilege.
OUR SCHOOL. LAW.
We cannot tell what is to be the fate of
the present School Law. Without' some
further legislation, we fear the friends of
Common Schools will become discouraged
and leave the law to its fate.
As it now stands, it amounts to noth
ing, so far as a majority of the counties is
concerned. There is much interest man
ifested on the subject of schools in many
of the counties, but that interest is not
sufficient to induce the people to take
hold of the county system. The county
courts do not manifest a disposition to
levy a tax for school purposes. 1 1 is not
possible to do anything without a tax
Teachers are not able to work for noth
ing. It ought not to be expected of
them.
A large majority of the children in the
State are growing up in ignoeance. A
e.
greater misiortune could not belall any
State. We need not expect to find pros
perity ameng a people whose law-makers
are deaf to the calls of those whose ery
is: y'j
Give us light amid our darkness."
SCHOOL. PIR.MTIRE.
Messrs. J. W. Schemerhorn Co.,
New Fork have been giving much atten
tion to this subject for a number of years.
They have recently issued an illustrated
catalogue or scuooi material wmcn is im
portant to all who use, buy, or sell school
furniture.
In speaking of the subject, the authors
use the following; :s
"Too many of our schools have rude,
unsightly, and uncomfortable furniture
and yet American may congratulate
themselves upon having their schools sup
plied witn better furniture than the
schools of any other country. The school
furniture of Great Britain is to-day not
superior to ours a quarter of a century
ago. and England scuooi lurnitnre is
somewhat better than we find in zooet
European countries.
A contemporary seriously descHbej
school furniture consisting a "bench with
legs long at the oue end and Hhort at the
other. The large scholars eat upon the
bigherend, and the smaller were crowded
down to the lower end."- We hare never
seen any turmtnre lite mis, ana must con-
fjn thet the contemporary dates farther
l-aok than we can. We do, however.
distinctly remember the old-fashioned
bench," hastily constructed from a pine
lab. fro.ih from the neighboring sew-mill.
The flat, unplaned side was considered
good enough for the seats of the urchins of
those days. Cuttings from a sapling wero
inserted, bracingly. for supports. There
was nothing to rest the wearied backs of
the toys and girls ol that period, wri
ting and ciphering" facilities for the lar
ger pit pi If were made by arranging boards
slopingly around the walls of the house.
a a
A "Flan Dcncti was puceu unoer the
dgc of thit, writing-desk, and those occu
pying the aume would "face to the wall"
.when at work, and "face about" when tbe
teacher wanted to lecture them, or display
tbcm to "the committee." This arrange
ment had its advantages as well as its dis
advantages. If active-miuded pupils
were intent upon "eating apples," reading
story-book", or making caricatures of the
watchful Hchooluiater, they might be
"caught" by that individual approaching
ij'iietly from the rear.
That ntyle has now pasted away," giving
place to modern school furniture. Even
rural schools are demanding furniture of
tbe better kinds. And our. manufactur
ers of school material have been cempell-
ed to fall out of the ranks, or intelligent
ly study the construction of school furni
ture as "a fine art,"
Edncatlenal Teneerinsr. f
Veneering is) a. great art. It makes
tbiDgs ,go so much farther," and there is
nothing an economist likes so much as to
make things hold ent. Onr ancestors
were so foolish as to build solid mahogany
tables, bureaus, and sideboards. We
know better. We bare found out that a
pieee of wood a sixteenth of ah inch thick
will transform the commonest wood into
mahogany or rosewood And o the hen
est old tables and sideboards have given
place to sleek veneered ones, which look
just as well.;
A monument should be buut to., tne
man who discovered this wonderful art.
For its applications are so numerous.
Tbe crockery men' sell imitation china
they have learned the art of veneering.
The rogue veneers himself with the dree
and manners of a gentleman." The cook
Teneers ber dishes. Tbe shanky broker
veneers hie credit by keeping up appear
ancea. The parson, alas! sometimes ve
neers his sermea with thin layers of learn
ing. The doctor veneers bis conversation
with sounding phrases. The pelitician
veneers his thieving by thin patriotism:
The fortaae-hunter veeeer his cupidity
with profesmons of leve. "What '-won-
derfal art it is How bad we aheeld
feel if tire itteeriof were tiken 6V tod J
ii t
I huBdreds pf schools for girls where the
u,?,.nefs "n?ctea P"ing
I IB OI a tnin lurpr nt nntw.rH a nru, r nwa
Evervthin i inf,ht fmm JL.A
1 llistory is boiled dowa to a Htrong decoc-
I t'0D ot facts and dates, and Ann Matilda
re(luire1 to swallow it. "1 here were
on the other, commanded by Gen. Smith
I ten. Smith was surprised on Sunday
morning, and driven hack with a loss of
if.l aw a,
..,f nnn.arelmen. three pieces ef ar
i is histnrv it i, nmf fA, a i.;n
e auaiaK ava a M U1CIVI a
I beled history, and must be history. But
whatever there is of philosophy, poetry,
?f culture.,f mental discipline in history
up gone. nis acssicatea extract nas no
nourishment whatever.' Of the peculiar
itics of race." of the domestic ilife, of the
underlying eaases of history, Ann Matil
da learns nothing. She has swallowed a
register, agazctteej, Unt not a history.
But she has passed ber examination and
graduated." Ii,r education isall richt.
It has the seal of the proper authorities
on it, and she can go in peace.
r.Dglish literature is worse taught than
history. It is a thing that can not be
learned from a compend. The very es
sence of the highest culture, for people
who speak the English language, is in En
glish literature. But co one can learn
English literature at second-hand. A
good, thorough knowledge of the authors
themselves in their works is the only road
to this culture. And all short-cuts are
only delusions.
The great mistake in the education of
girls, and for that matter of boys, is that
they master nothing. A little here and a
little there is the plan The object seems
to be to enable the pupil to give a long
catalogue of things studied. And for this
charlatanism the parents who demand it
are chiefly responsible. There are schools
which are thorough. It is not for us to
point them out, but for parents to be sure
that they are not caught with the chaff of
an empty pretense. In education, ve
neering will peel off. HeartKind Home.
Statistics of the Russian Department of
Education t-liow that the efforts of the
Government to raise tbe educational stat
us of the Empire are sadly needed. In
1 1 o a W
siDeria, only one person in bl is under
schooling. In the southern provinces
tVieff. radolia, and olbytna the pro
portion is one to 53? in the three Old
lluEtiian provinces, possessing no school
boards, one to 471 iu the thirty-five Old
Russian provinces, having school boards',
oneto IbtS; in the Kingdom ot I nland,
one to 31 in tbe Baltic provinces, one
to 19.
JOXCSIJORO DISTRICT.
Ilolstem Conference 51. E. Church
South.
Jonesboro' Cirt, at Spedwell.Nov. 18
19.
Watauga Cirt. and Taylorsville mis
sion at Hcnson's Chapel, Nov. 2"i 2G.
Fall Branch Cirt. BlountviUe. Dec. 1G-
17.
St. Clair Cirt. at St. Clair, Dec. 30-31.
Grcenevillc Cirt. at Kidwell's Jan. C-7.
Newport Cirt. at Parrottsvillc Jan. 20-
21.
Rhc-atown Cirt. at Rheatown Jan. 27-
28.
Jonesboro' Station, Dec. 23-24.
Meeting of the Board of District Stew
ards, at Speedwell, Jonesboro' Cirt. Nov.
18th. TLe members of the board are
Henry Hoss, Wm. F. Reeves, F. D. Mas-
sengale, Isaac Borintr, G. W. Nel.son, Da
vid Davault, II. II. Mourley, F. M. East
erly and A. J. McBride. Please atteud
brethren. Wm. Hicks, p. e.
Special Notices.
Impaired Vitalitv. When you feel
aa if the Titni povrrra wrrriTlnr nwiy, Jtrenpth
gone, kjurita depressed, memory failing, llctiU)
lift, exbaustion stealing over evvry siie auu
IMralvxinr every 'eiiprry, then is the tinie tore-
sort to t U;it xwerful ully of t nture, I r. Wai.ksk's
Tixuak Hittb. The proierti-a tly emlMwIy
soon work a glorious renovation iu the debilita
tei avetein and clouded mind.
The Atmosphere of Love. Is
pure sweet lirt-aih. '1 his disideritum is one of
th results ol n.i Soxodont which not nnly in
Tirorates mid preserves the teeth, but renders the
ntoutu as fragrant as a rose.
Children's Lives Waved forSOcts-
bvcrvruee of tsroup c-.in be cured 'when lint
taken by lr. Tobias" Venetian LrnimPDt, war
r a n ted for 24 years. nid never a bottle returned.
It also cures Ki i'rh'pn, Dysentar, Colic. Sore
Throat, 'nts. Hums and external fains. Sold by
the Drupirisis, I)eiot lit, .Park place, Ncvt York.
The Best Cosmetic Burnett's Kal-
listou urwluct-sa fresh couiplexiou, removee tan
and freckle, and imports a velvety softness to
tbe skin. Kesnlts nttendinc exosiire to our
oliaaeeablo climate upon the skin, may be entre
ly obviated by its usi-. r or sale by all drtit'tcisis.
nfwil IT. lolii..b iloiM- l.iuiiuciit will -(.r be
without it; it Is a certain enre fr 'olic. Sore
Throitt, 15 raises, and old sol
Pratt'3 Astral Oil. Not the cheapest.
but safeat and llest lllnminat!nr tui ror lainily
nae ever made. Humes in tho ordinsrv kerosene
lamp. Doet not take lire, nor explode if tbe lamp
ia upset and broken. SefiJ lor circular. Oil House
of Charles I'ratt established 177t Mew York.
Bisley's LinementOf Arnica, io
Carbolic Acid, acts as a universal external cure
all, nctiiifc ou the i:ervn connected with the skin
It promptly relieves weuraisia pains, cleanses
ud cures old sores and ulcers, Uesh wounds.
kurnes, braises, sprains, c. Sold everywhere
at o cents. Morgan Kisley, 'Wholesale iJrug
jists, New York, General amenta.
Laird's Bloom of Yotith A most
delightful toilet preparation for beAutifyinjr tlie
skiu, has been establirlixl over ten years; during
that time over o.'e million ladies nave used it; iu
ev every iustauee it has riven entire satisfaction;
it removes nil iminrteclior., tan, lrvcklt s. nni
sunburns, rivinjr theskin a youthful apearance.
Sold nt all Kmictista and Fancy Cxoods Stores.
lrpot 9, Oold Street, Tscw lork.
Thanks to the timely Dieovery ot
Mrs. WinMow's Sonthinir Syrup, the hearts of
mauy pareuai have been made (tlad by witness,
tnir the beneucial f. rta, which this remedy never
fails to produce during the critical period of tcelh
inr-
Carbolic Salve. ot lu ng J i to Jt e ve r
known before, fun's cuts, burns, sores, wounds
Ac, like mupic; physicians speak of tt in terms of
the uincet praise, rnee i. cents per rox. jonn
F. Henry Sole T'roprie tor, S College Place, NVY.
Physicians have prescribed Svapni.i
or 'uriucd Upium- use no olncr Oinum in their
prac tice.
Cristadoro's Hair Dve. If all his
hairs were lives Othello said, "mi preat revemre
linth stomach for them all." lint hair that's prey
or andy, wlilteor red, the ladies liave nostomach.
for at all. I'm i'hristHdnro's lve, and the evil
is remedied. Manuf tctoryf AS Maiden -t.ane, N,
York.
The Purest and Sweetest Cod Liver
Oil in the world is Hazard Caswell's made on
the sea-shore, from fresh selected livers, by Cas
well, Hazard a Co, New York It is absolutely
pare and sweet. .Patients who have once taken
it mrarer it to an otners. .ruysicians nave oeciu-
ed it superior to any of tfte other oils In the mar
ket. i
JOUVin s Inoaorons-Mff Uiove triean-
eo, restores soiled cloves equal to new. or sale
byil Delists and xaneyjlioods Ui-aJera. i. rrv-e
23 cents per bottle. F. c. Wells k co. JS'ew York.
FOB nice Chromos and other fine pic-
tares, first class Walnut unrt (Jilt Mould
ings, Superior LctterJPaper. and Envel
opes, Ac, all at the lowest prices, go to
O B SMITH fc Co 108Gay Street Knox
rille, Tenn. ,.july27tf
We offer a New Stock of Carpet?," Do
mestics, Alpaca v Dress goods of all kinds.
Shoes Notions cheap for cash. Call and
examine. Respectfully,
J B. J. l; HUEA,
-Coffin Block, Gaj 8treet, Knoxville,
Tennessee, i':.', JL ociilMw
WANTED, v CI
EastT. Tn- A Ga. Railrnd flock.
The highest market price will be given I
tnW n..n.J A till MtG V
It. II. mciTAItDS,' East Tennessee j
Book now, KnxHTHe, Ten. fftgOmi
mu uur purposes, acquirements, ana pre
tension appeared'tbe naked pine and pop
lar that they are 1
But when it comes to education,' we
wish veneering had never been invented.
Anal now that George and Maria are
about to begin school, let us enter onr
protest against the veneering establish
ments. There are schools for bovs and
Sit flit 5 Aipriti rmfitTfi
I v 3T''a"VlaaaaJ
Bliss, Hcene Go's Fluid Ex-
tract.;,;. ;Tr;-
TTJE WONDERFUL BEMEDY FOR
Cancer, Syphilis, Scrofula, Ulcers, Salt
Rheum and all other Blood Diseases, is
prepared from the genuiue Ccndcran
GO llAKK,fromLoja, Ecuador, secured by
the assistance of theautsorities of that
country. It is the most effective, prompt
and certain alterative ami bled purifi
er known. Sold by all Druggist in pint
bottles, having on theui our iianie trade
mark and full directions for oe. Send
for circular. Office and Laboratory No.
60, Cedar St New York; c
CHICAGO rTr DE-
"STRUCTI0K...
A full and complete hUtcry of Chicago,
her past, present and future. With gra
phic scenes, incidents and full detail of
the disaster, by Geo. P. Upton a'nd J W
Sheahan, editors of tbe Chicago Tribune.
With over 400 pages, and 50 Illustrations.
It ia now ready lor delivery.
AGENTS WANTED Send 1.00 for
outrit and choice of territory. Union
I'uoiisning o'o., cnicago, ill, orfhila. 1'a
BAPTIST
AGENTS
WANTED
Everywhere for the largest Baptist paper
in the. world. Able 'writiTi?, ALL, the news
and constant improvements. FCLL.AIar
ket Report. Sunday School Department
lesson every week. An inflexible ad
vocate of Baptist principles. One price,
only 99 W per year; The most aston
ishing premium and clubbing list ever of
fered, or liberal cash commissions paid.
Specimen copy and particulars free to all
who w ill write to LUTHER YEAMAX
The Central Baptist, St. Loui-Mo.
Vick's
FLORAL GUIDE FOR 179.
OVER ONE' HUNDRED PAGES,
Printed on Two Colors, on superb Tinted
Paper. Four Hundred Engravings of
Flowers, Plants and Vegetables, with De
scriptions and
Tws Colored Plates.
Directions and plans for making Walks
Lawns, Gardens, Ac,- The handsomest
and best Floral Guide in the World. All
for Ten Cents, to those whnthlnk of buy
ing seeds. Not a quarter the cost. 200,-
000 sold of 1871. Address JAMES VICK,
Rochester, N. Y
YTORTOSf HOUsE,.a New South
J.JL ern Novelhy tlie author of 'Vale
rie Aylmcr," 8vo. paper four illustrations
Price 1; -cloth 1.50.
It is a story of the South, thirty years
ago. and the scene is laid entirely iu that
region. i
The young authoress who is a lady of
"North Carolina, has in her second erl'ort
improved upon the rlrst. Sent free by
mail, to any address on the receipt of the
price. D. APPLETON i CO.. Publish
ers, New York.
HIDE-AW tkE A Fast Asleep,'
a 10 00 dair of superb French Oil Chro
uios subjects LIFE SIZE exquisiteac
similes ol Oil Paintings, Givcu Away to
every subscriber to
IIE.'VIla7 WARD REECIICR'S
Great Literary Religious Weekly 'News
paper. Agents having great success.' One
took 1,000 names in 3 months; another
67"2 in 35 days: another 118 in one w eek;
oue 47 in one day, and mauy others equal
ly well, making from $5 and 110 to 1 10
per da'. Takes on sight! Au old agent
who knows says": "I think it the best bu
siness for canvassers- ever offered. Sorry
1 did not engage sooner." Pays better
than any book agency. A rare chance t"
make money.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED.
Intelligent men and women wanted eve
ry where. If you wish good territory, send
early for circular and terms. J B FORD
CO. 27 Park Place N. York; 11 Broom
tield St, Boston, Mass; 28.1, West Madison
St, Chicago, 111.
50th YEAR.
NEW YORK OBSERVER
$3 per Annum, including Year Book
For 1872.
SIDNEY E. MORSE, jr, Co.,
37 Park Rew New York.
SAMPLE COriES FREE.
UNIVERSALIS!.
Send for a free sample copy of the
CHRISTIAN LEADER, a li r st -class
weekly journal, published by ihe New
York State Convention pf LTniver salists,
and containing the sermons of Dr. E. II.
Chapin. Terms 82..V) per vear. Address
Publisher Christian Ecadcr, 12SS,
Broadway, New York City.
Wnfil'C HOUSEHOLD
YY VJKJU D MAGAZINE is of
fered free during the coming year to eve
rv subscriber of Merry's Museum, the
Toledo Blade. Pomeroy's Democrat, etc.
which in an
puJarUr
eviU!i.ce l us
If office Oiwlev,
wortii ami
.fames Par-
tou, Ahcodoie luiuii, ..tit I i.iiniitii, cic.
write for every number.
In clubbing, it oilers three first-class pe
riodicals for the price of one of them. A
variety of premiums on equally liberal
terms. It ia an orhrinal. first-ola.. maga
zine. Volume begin wiilTriTTnair'73
"l'hre gperimen roftif free. AdliX'S3J.S.
PETERS'pS'i:
pieces oca
strumenta
mber No.,
a? Nine-
pieces Vocal and In
strumental Piano
MUSICAL ""Vom.'' tv2
Vc will mail two
back Nos. for 50c,
MONTHLY
for ?2 25, regular price 3..' Bound copies
for 1871, gilt t-idcs ami edri-sr The Mu
sic is by Hayes, Tliouia.-. Kiukel, Gounod,
etc. Address j.L, PETKHS, 090, Broad
way j N. Y. P. O. Box 5420.
X compound at Cocomtut OU, if c. Acknowl
tsedtibmi promoter fth ermrnrtk and Uamt
W. ji VJZttt: h c3 lioaton. Has,
fcoia hj all druggist. Itwar c imdutmni.
i CleomiBton Karsery, .Illinois.
0th Year! (500 Acres! 13 Greenhouses!
Largest Assortment Best' Stock. Low
Prices. Trees, .Shrubs Plants. Bulb,
Seeds, Stocks, Grafts, &c'., lOO Pago II
lustmted Catalogue, lOcts., .Bulb, Plant,
Seed, Catalogues, all lor 10 ceu ts, W hole
sale Price List free. Send ;'or.thesc be
tore buying elsewhere.
I F. K. PHOENIX, Bloomlngton 111.
jk month:
Horse furnished.
rxQCtKJ Exieii5es paid
HBS1IAW,
ALFRED, Me.
AG E NTS WXNtep. Agcqts make
more money at "work for us than at
anything else. Business light and-perma-
st M
AVOid Quacks- A victim of early
indiscretion, cauiug nervous debility
premature decay&c.,,having tried in vain
every advertised remedy Laa a simple
meaus of self-cure, whicU he will send
free to hisfellow-sullcrcrs.-Ajtldrese,4. II.
TDTTLE, 78 Nassau W N, T..
Thirty Years' Experience
;-o; IK THE 'TREATMENT- O
fhroaic nd Stxnal Diseises.'
A PHVS10OICAL' VIEW, OF MAJUJIAOE.
Tne cneapest dook eTerpnDiisnoa con
taining nearly three hundred pages, and
one hundred and thirty fine plates and en
gravings of the anatomy of the human
onrans in a state of health and, dt-asc,
with a treatise on eany errors, its ueiuora
ble consequences npon the mind and body,
with the author's plan of treatmeiit-he
only rational and successful mode of cure.
a tpf r,r,ii .lvlcrto the married and thoe
as shown by repor.oit,caeB ireaten
.X. I
contemplating marriage; wbo entertain
doubts of their physical condition. Sent
f f rrJStnTC tisnv sfldrr;"". on rrrirt
of twenty-live cents in f-tamns or postal
ciirreiicv.,"by addressing Dr. LA CliOIX,
Ko 31 MaideA Lane? Albaify N. "Y. The
author may be consulted upon anv of the
diseases upon which his book treats, either
personally or by mail, aiid uiediciueseent
tdmiry-fatpt of tb wvisia. t r i
TOMACHBlTTfB-
ARE ENDORSED AND PRESCRIB
ED BY MORE leading Phyaicians
thaiL inr nrllpp Taiiti ai Sitimn.
lant now in use. They are
T i 'A Sure Preventive
ForFerer and Atue, In term tlvota. Hillionsnsss
and all disorders ariwiriK frvni raulariuus ciuri.
They are hiel'ly recommewdi'd :is nn ANT1-UVS-PtPTlO.
and in cas.s of 'lNyiUESTIOX ara
invaluable.. As nn Appetizer and Kecupt-rant,
and in cases of Oeneritl Debility they nave, never,
in a single instance, failed in producing tbe most
happy results,- They are particularly
ISeneficial t Females,
Strenptheninir the body, Invieora tin the mind,
and Ri vinp tone and elasticity to the whole system.
The Home Bitters are compounded with the
greatest care, and no tonic stimulant has ever ba
fore been offered to the public so Pleaaant to tha
Taste and at the s ime time combining ao many
remedial open Hndorud, by the medical fraterni
ty as the best known to the 'harmacopa-ia. It
costs but little to pi re them a fair trUl, and
Every Family Sheuld Have a
Itottle.
No preparation in tha world can Produce so
miuy nnqaaliiletl eudoraemebta hV pliyaiuinua of'
lilt1 icry ii i f: ii i it.Lii.itiic iu mrii viit .niuu
Kndorsed also by the .Clergy and the leading
denominational papers.
Usitku Status Mabik Hospital. 1
Sit l.ouis. Mo.. Oct. S. lfcTU. J
J a 11 is A. Jitito.i Co. 1 have examined tha
formula tor making the HomeStoinnrh Hitters,"
and used them in this hospital the last four months
1 cuuauhic Uieiu. UittiuosfcalualU.UiiucauUtimn-l.-uit
now iu uw. S. H. MEL.CUEK. Kesideui
I'hysiclan :u charge V. S. Marine Hospital.
J AMK4 A. Jackvx St Co. Uentlemeii: Aa yon
have communicated to the medical profession tha
recipeof the Home Hitters it c.innot, therefore,
be, considered, as a patent medicine, ui patent bav
in !T been taken for it. We have examined be
formula for rankin? the Home Hitters," and
unhesitatingly say the combination is one -of rare
excellence, ull the articles nsed in its composition
are the best of the class to which they belong, be
ing highly tonic. Stimulant, Stomachic, Carmi
native, and slightly Laxative. The mode of pre
paring them is strictly in accordance with the
rules of pharmacy. Having used them, seen its
effects in our privata practice, we take pleasure
in recommending them ttr all persona ttuairoueof
taking Hitters, as being the beat Tonic and Stimu
lant uow offered to the public.
FKAFK O. PORTER.
Prof. Obstetrics and Diseases of Women, College
of .Physicians, and late member Hoard of Health.
C. H. UU1S1.INIKKK. Prof.
Obstetrics and lis. of Women, Louis Med. Col.
DRAKE Mi DOWtLL, M. D
Late President Missouri Medicnl College
K. A. CI.AKK. M. D.,
Prof. Surgery, tlo. Medical CuUege, oouLlatc Rss.
ident Physician Citv Hospital, St. Louis, Mo.
HERHERT PRIMA!. 1'rof
Prnctical Pharmacy, St. i.ouis College of Phar
macv
J. C. WHITEHILL, Ed. of Medical Archives.
Ai.r'D Hkakx k si. n. C. (tekitks. m. d. A.
Wash, u. u. Dr. C. V. Lrnwi, S. ft. Mucks, m. p.
r E.1. FBANKI.IX M. 1.
prof of Midwifery and JJixeases of Women, Cot
legeof Homicpathic rhvMci.ins and Surgeons.
JOHN T. TEMPLE, u. t.
rraf. Materia Medie and College of Missonri.
J NO. COXZLEMAN, M. D. Leetuter
On Diseases of O hildren, Homurpathic Med. Col.
of. Mo.,
CHARLES VASTIXR. M. D.,
prof, of physiology, Homotrpatuic Med. cvl.
of Mo
JOHN HAHTMAX. M. D. Prof.
clinical Mediciue, cuLlioinuso'c rhya, and Surg's.
They are Rii)ierior to all other Stomach Hitters.
ENNO SANDERS, Analytical Chemist.
No Hitters in the world can excel them.
simoN HiKScir, Analytical Chemist.
Eminrnt PIi irlnni of Cltlcn.
The formula lor thevllome Hitlers has
been submitted to us, and we believe them
to be the. befct tonio and stimulant for
general u.e now ottered to the public.
II. Woodbury, m. r. G. A- Makihbb,
Analvt'l J. V. lii.A.NEY, M. p. Chemis.
I'rof.'Chemistry Kush II. llahn. M.
Medical College. B. Mc Vicar, M. D.,.l. B.
Walker, M. l., Nor'n S. Barnes, M. D.,
T. S. Hoy u', M. D., II.. Ludlam. M. u.,
Thos. T.'Kllis. U.. Jus. A, Collins, M. I).
A. lialjn, M. D.,
eminent Physicians in Cincinnati
Nearly all of whom are Professors in one
or the other of the Mrdieal Colleges.
No other Bitters have ever been offered
to the public embracing so many valuable
remedial agents. J. L Vattieer, M.
L. A.. lames, M. 1)., C. T. Simpson, M. p.,
4. Bonner. M. p., t 8. Mnseraft, M.P.,
(J. W. Bigler, M. P.. W. T. Talliafsrro, J.
I. Qiiiun M. p., J. II. Buckner. M. P., W.
II. Woodward. M. P.. tj. A. Doherty, M. P.,
K. H. v avne. Chemist. C. oodward. M.
(i. K. Ta'vlor, M. P.. I. W. McCarthy. M.
p., PF- Iah y,3l..P., IL II. Johnson, M.
p;vS BTomliitson M p;. ;s 2
EMINENT P11YHICANS IN MEMPIS:
The Home Bitters are an invaluable
remedy for indigestion and diseases arising
from mnlai ial causes. i IJ Thornton M p;
Alex Krskine M p; in charge Cit- Hospital,
M. U ltodcs m p; J M itodgersM p; I'aul
Otej- M P, 1 1 W Purnell M 1, M A Edmund
M P. StnforU Bell M P, Jos E Lynch M D,
EMINENT PHYSICIANS IN PITTS-
'I WHIM:, t 3
B F Dake M p, Wm. Lowes, M P. II W
Childs. M P, 1 U:WilIard, M P, O Wuth,
Chemist,.! II McClelland. MP,
ANI inJNDr.EHSOF OTIIE11S
In all parts of the North. Vest and South.
J E Garner M l. Milwaukee..
Council Bluffs. March 27. 1871.
James A. Jackson ifc (,'o Having exa
mined the formula of the Home Stomach
Bitters,"! have prcser bed them iu my
practice for wnne time, ami pronounce
them thabestrouie Bitters ,uawiuJif. -P.
II. McMAHON, M. P.
For sain bv all ilruz ists and grocers.
JAMES A. JACKSON A Co., Proprie
tors. Laboratory 105 and J07. Second t.,
St. Louis. Mo J i (i jjulytJnil'J
BY VIRTUE of uthority in me vested
by Deep of Tiiust, executed by
Joshua E. Tilsou. on the 3d day of Janua
ry, 1S70 and which wasackuowledged be
fore the County Court Clerk of Washing
ton County. Tennessee, on the 3d day of
January. lt?70. and registered in the Regis
ter's Office n said bounty ind "State.
(,injie,olume'-12, ige 5J, on the1 3d
ilayi .1 a injury, iwi wiioucraor saie
to the highi't"l)idder for cash fniiand at
the Court House doorlu the town of Jones
boro, Teunescc, on Monday tlie 4th
djiy mf December, 1871, all the right,
title, claim and intercut that the said
Joshua E. Tilson has in and to the follow
ing tracts of land, viz One tract lying
in civil district No. IS, contafningllb7
acres adjoIii!ugthe lands of Elfis Tfiggins
Win. E. TiUou and others. Alo one
other tract situated on the waters of Indi
an Creek., iliatri No.-adiouiiiig. tbe
land ,M'iC(t-:ily, 'A h4re wlied u aud
others, ktiwn a the Jubal. IIaskins tract
and containing 10 acres more or less. Al
so four seventeenths of the old John
Brown farm containing fifteen hundred
acres more or less, adjoining the lands of
l
Trust. i
Said land to be sold to satisfy a Promts
sorv Note due J. J. Ycager calling for
$358:23, ilae the OthlsT-of I)ee-'uber,
lSOp, and, all, costs and jutrreat,dUie there
on. TTifs' 'November 2d. IS7L l.
.JNAT1IAN SIIIPLK-Vf JCrwsteeJ
noy3tdspf3:
T
lly WALTER Uo.
326 iW i Baltimore,: L
t
1 A ar,j Corner Howard Street;
jrahufacruren" of r;1"
CLOTH 1X6
V-f; 1 1
!n. wALtr-a,
and A. WALTEIf
Jobbers in Hen's Wear. i. l. waltk
r
I
TrrorVa'ut k'gZ& SadilHbrse, ealf
m tt. n. wf-h. tf
K RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCE fe .our, friends and the public genersllr,
that we ar now receiring onr ubual suppl of FALL and WINTER
Boots, Shoes, Hats and Caps,
ef everr descriDtloh and latest styles, for
Childrea. And ia addition to the above,
and elegant stock
comprising all the latest atvlet and novelties, and Gents' FomLShlnf Cr taf
every varietj and extra oualitj, forming tlie, largest and most attractive stock in tiia
citr, at popular prices. Plea9e call and examine.
.i,.. i m GAINES, BR0. CO., KnoxviUe, Tenn.
Wa trill also aaatinaa to
Trunks, Umbrellas,1
r
octSm?
er and Shoe Findings.
BRO. A CO., Knxvllle, Teata.
G0AN, McCLMG;i
ii
r CO.,
Ii sum of 41C,12 in favor of Khnmerly A
i i I Morehead, and against Cameron and llar.-
(ixlin partners In trade. I will sell at lb
THT r"7"TTT T T71 fTiTTVT I Court House door in the town of Jonee
K'l(l V I liliM I i boro, for cash iu hand on the 11th day -I
JU. T. JJJJJJ, AJ December, 1871, all the right. title,claln
if and interest, that J. C. Hardin one of th
iittrm of Cameron Hardin ha in a certain
M tract of laud situated in Washington
HAVE NOW OPEN FOR INSPEC
TION AND READY FOR SALE,
THE LARGEST, MOST COM-
PLETK AND VARIED
ASSORTMENTS OF GENERAL
MERCHANDISE,
To be found .lu any Establishment
i
North or South
Tha additional Room afforded
their new, spacious aud elegant
Warehouse,
lias aeabled them to materially incrcaat
their
full and
And present to the trade,
complete lines of.
Foreign Domestic
DRY GOODS.
f

hI ',i
CLOTHING,
Boots; and Shoes,
II A T S
;;Har
d)Vtr.p,;

I
Queensware,
.-,11.
r':
:k'im
T
.'.-1 .--I
'I-
J.'
:,-'f
.a
i
t
,Tvrn f -:'i'
.OSt -si Ili-ff
GROCERIES.
Vi:-fYn'V
..ir-';
K'H-K-i r. A fjlf nrr. V (M
11-i. ;j .it ...."f jZ.i t V
To which they would InTite the ipeli.
11" 1 i II
tAo f -E

1) 1.
attention of i
ill t
7 nit 7
.1.' n f
.if.
MEjlCHKNTS
ir
-j isf.iiii'Mti. .1 t.
r Ti:rt
tli '.-1 lliw r-.-i 11'
'.ifi'
(t.n.,V4i;!-.l?UirH .ii
i Tbxnnesest at SontkSra StaU.;
Ladies and Gentlemen, Bovs, Missm aal
we are now receiving and opening a large
of 'Ready-Made
keep on baad a large suppl ec
Railroad Bags, Leatlv
Sheriff Sale.
TN OBEDIANCK to a Pluriaa Ft Fe
JLaui
metl from the Circuit Court of Washlnjr
f ton County Tenn., at Us August term HfTl
ijand to me directed, pronounced by. said
t: court noon a iudirmcut and costs for tka
County., district No. 0, containing 300
i acres more or less, adjoining the lands sf
I M. L. Price, Thos Harvey, and the old
Slagl farm on the waters-of Sinking
Creek, unless debt and costs are sooner -pal
l Th's ith -day of Nov. 1S71
E. GUIFFITH. Sheriff.
novlfiw4pf $5
Cliuurery.Curt nt ElixatetlitM.
'John K. Miller, and E. Simerly, V Kll
Hicks, and Mary Jones.
i Cross Bill to Amended Bill of Mary Jone.
I TT appearing from the allegations in tha
i X said cross bill which are sworn to tha
J the said 11 Hicks is a non-resident nf
(the State. It is therefore ordered thai
rkii!llt!iii mailj. rVie fmir oiisaeiit Vmm
weeks in tlie Herald AMP TKIUVSB,
in-wspaper published iu t he town of Joua
boro, Tenn. notifying said Hicks to ap-
pear before the C'hancery Court at Kllsa
i Gcthtoii on or before the 2nd Monday t
j February uext, to answer, or otherwl
I make defi-nse to said Crocs BUI or tt
i same will be taken as confessed as to hlwt
anu se
t for hearing ex parte. This Nov.
871.
Sth, 18:
JOHN C. SMITH. C. K.
uovlCw4pf $5
P. Miller.
Is tUil before tlie public, with a splsa
did and increased stock of Hoots and Shoe
of every grade and kind and amaueglj
cbe:p for cash.
oei5?lM.
Every year increases the popular-
ty of this valuable Hair Preparation
which u due to merit alone. We
can assure our old patrons that it ie
kept fully up to its high standard
and it is the onl reliable and perfect.
ed preparation for restoring Gbat
ob Faded Haib to its youthful color,
making it soft, lustrous, and silken.
The scalp, by its use, becomes white
and clean. It removes all eruptions
and dandruff; and, by its tonio prop
erties, prevents the hair from falling
out, as it stimulates and nourishes
the hair-glands. Br its use, the hair
crows thicker and stronger. Is
baldness, it restores the capillary
glands to their normal vigor, and
will create a new growth, except in
extreme old age. It is the most eco
nomical IIaib Doessiko ever used,
s it requires fewer applications,
and gives the hair a splendid, glossy
.appearance. A. A. Hayes, M.I),
State Assayer of Massachusetts, saji,
"The constituents are pure, and care
fully selected for. excellent quality I
and I consider it tbe 15 est 1'xarA
JtATiow for its intended purposes."
Bold mU DruggUU, 4 DuUrt tm MtA aisaj,
j, Prloe One Pollar. m
Buckingham's Dyo.
I FOB THE WinSKXBS.
As our Renewer in many reeee
requires too long a time, and toa
much care, to restore gray or faded
WhisKers, we nave preparea inw
dye, in one preparation which will
quickly ana effectually accomplish
this result. It is easily applied,
and produces a color which will
neither rub nor wash oft Sold by
i all Druggists. Prioe Fifty Cents.
Mmufsotured by ft. P. HALL, CO,
Ayer's Sarsaparillo,
von PCTBijrYUf 0 thi
Tha rapntaUo tkls a
eelleot uMdiciM Bjys,
U derived from Its euro,
mmaj of whieS ar traty
marvellous. lavatwac
cases ot Srrfuloua ata.
aao, wber lb ijww
Metneu saturated antk
eorrnpfioa. ba
crofuloos aOactlOM k4
A iaAnlara whir h
f craTalaxS Xrf stie Mraia.
Ion eoDiamiaMlea atn
(boy wera paiafollr affile ttafr, ha bem rartloa!
cmrod In tucta great nunibrs in almost arary aatv
ion of ttis eoantry, thnt the public scarcal si4
to-be informed of IU vatuM or usas.
Scrofulous poison Is one of Ua moat datnv.
tls rnrmr ot onr racav Oftea, this trnaaon Ma4
nnfelt tanant of tho orcsniatn nndortnfaim tho on.
atitntion. and Invites Uia attack Of enfechllna or Da-
ii tal diseases, without exciting a saspickoa of kra
prosenco. Again, it SAeins to broad laraoti
thronrnoat the bodr. and fiien. on mm faorsbaa
i: occasion. mM)y dcrelof into ooa or oUior of Its
T hideout fonnt, either on the tiirfaee or among flaa
1 Yttaia. in o aaucr, saooroiea may vo wmwii
AmrnMHm.i in Innv. .r M.rt or tttmsn fill ll.l
J ia ttio hrer, or M shows iu prenienca by araptloaa
li on tno sajb, kxii ntcoraoont on aoni part o
I tho bodr. lion co tho occasions! na of bottaa
ji of thit MtrrtnpmHIlm Is advisable, etan wbaa
J) actiro tymuUm of dUeasa appear. 1'araana rf-
fllctrd wltn the following complaints ganaran
1 And immediate relief, af, at length, cars, by thn
,.B Of this HAliHAfAUlVlAi AwHh
1 airi Tire, Hot or JTrws'awtea. JValsr. faitl
Mem I JJaaV Ittmptmmrtm, IT rns,
V r Mm,..,...,., n. trlflllj. Aft!
Vt rmfMmM dlseaaa.' Also In
tba mom eon
I Jlaearae, fit; KpUrT". Srtrmimim,
r tho varions VUvtmua asoeUoaa ot Ota aiaae
and
maamUnr
aJj'lnerronsfjsUTina. -r
tmmrs are wared by it. tboagn 4 tone sttno is r
m tA f, 1. .1. K.tii f IkM. r.l.Af.insiA mslarfliJMl- Ka
j any wMKlkpkie. Bat kng-vti tinned as of ttVit
ii niiicina win mra thn coniitlalnt. Xsiissi hmm
fl m ITIiif... ffM.. f-7. wilfow. m1 r.la.l.
XKarasea, ar rommoolr soon Trtiarrd and 1V
Bkit enrea BT iu iiunnr sna umiiir
to otir AJroM1MM1, anppiiwi rrsua. omHm
and Oowt, nhen canl by acramtilttlons or r.
tranoous matters in tha blood, ystid Quickly to H,
at tlao 4Wr CowsWatisfa. TmrpiMip, Ct-
i (ton or HfawMnnrion of th JAver, and Jmmm
I aTior, wbaa ai-lsmr, aa tbey ortn ao, nrov inn
H PJSir.r.i Ua invit m.tmw trip tha atrearCal
Jl nad Tig or of tba tysten. Tboaa who ara m
i t-lH snil Utffn, Jtofpsftdtsl, Silaijilasa.
and troubled with A'irr-iiii jipjtrmh mm to mr
Xer,or any of tba tfiecbons symptaotaaa of
iremkntsm. will And imcnedista raltef and ow
nneipf atidoaca of tu rantnrnura powar
C A.WXia ak Ca KaMSWll. amaaws
'T.r k Art rrrvj ?tt rrm wrufss
1