TTW Tor Rent Tor S-ile Boarding Lot Found
,rlH be inserted in this column at 25 Outs each in
merlion, not execedinp five line; over Jive Una 5 Cents
r rich ad liti-ma! line will be charged.
for Kent.
'I
hi: store iiorsn No
50
OV GiV Street.
Apply to S. D. KENNEDY or W
S. KENNE-
dy.
novl-dtf
mi.uii
THE DAILY CHRONICLE.
SUNDAY MORNING, NOV. 5, 1871.
Largest Circulation
In East Tennessee.
of any Daily
CHRONICLE OFFICE 19 LI ASSET PLACE.
DAILY METEOItOL-OGICAL. KE1'.BT.
SiRU.il Service, V. S. Army.
Kxoxville. Tesx.
November 3. 1871.
i s v
CO
3
eg
c c
OS.
Hi
I a
'S-i
9
H
l BG
I A. M.
1.IM
oJ.071
3I.CJ7
CO
G)
o9
Cloudy.
51 I
P. U.
4 p. M.
O.OfVTbreat'g.
Vt'F.triir.K ItKI'OKIS.
War Dsp't. Office Chief Signal Offickb.
Washington. D. C. November 4, (7:30. p. h..) 1871.
Prohabilitiet
CI u ly :m 1 threa'ening weather will probably con
tinue from Cape Ilalteras to Cape Co l, with north
easterly winds clearing weather will prevail on Sun
day on the South Atlantic coa t, and clear weather
weft of Alabama and Indiana; threitenng weather
with easterly winds will prevail during the night on
Lakes Huron and Superior, and easterly winds veering
to the south on the lower 1 ikes. Dangerous winds are
no anticipated for this eveningat our stations
Religion Notices.
Finsr baptist.
There will he Divine service in
to-.hiv at K:0) a.m. and 7 I.M.. bv
this
the
church
Pastor.
9 A.M.
R -v. .1. L. Lloyd.
Sac-bath School at
ChilJrer.s nutting at 3 P.M.
At theoi'jse of the morning services the Lord's
Supper will be administered after which the
congregation will repair to the river's edge
at the f "t of Water street to witness the ad
ministration of the Ordinance of Baptism,
JI';H -;F. STSFET BAPTIST CHURCH.
Thrre will he Divine services in this church
to-day at 10: 30 a.m., by Rev. Dr. Carson
At 3 p.m. a mission Sabbath School will be
organized here. AM are invited, especially the
cuiiuren ot tnis part I the cty.
IKI1MAX ICTHERAX CHURCH.
There will he Divine services in this church
at the usual hour, morning and evening, by
tlie. I'asior, .Lev. .John ileckel. Ah are
in-
vited.
Tirst
31. E. C'linrcii.
Situatcv
ai;d Prince
on tin
southwest corner of Clinch
streets.
PllEACHIXG
Sabbath, 101 A. M. and 7 1 M.
Sabbath School, 2 P. M.
Prayer Meeting. Thursday, (for the present,)
7 1'. M.
ALL SEATS ARE FREE
You are cordiallv invited to attend all of these
services.
SUiMKfTS FOR SAI5IJATII, NOV. 5:
Morning Watchword of Progress."
S'viht L-'cture to voting men, "True Man
hood." J. B. Ford, Pastor.
NORTH KSOXVILL M .THOOIST EPISCOPAL.
There will preaching by Rev. M. II. Nich
ols at the North Knoxville charge of the M. E.
Church at 10:30 a.m. and 7 in the evening.
The friends and members of the charge are
requested to meet at the school house at 3 o'clock
p.m. to aid in reorganizing the Sabbath school.
Gre.lt I.ri'. ins
Can be had in laces, lace collars, silk veils,
silk trimming, h ,;L-ry, gloves, at A. R.
Hall's. The present stock must be closed out
in one week and goods will be sold cheap tor
cardi. xil-dtf.
Hit With a Itnke.
CharlesMitchell and a son of John Dogan,
both colored, got into a row yesterday, in which
the former made use of an epithet implying
that the latter was a filial descendant of the fe
male canine frequently mentionel. This was
rc-ciited bv Dogan, who struck Mitchell with a
rake, inflicting a severe cut on his head. Do
gan gave himself up and his trial was set for
Monday.
St-ite 1 to ins.
The Gilbert Si.-ters are performing
Tennessee.
Two desperadoes were killed ia
in West
Tutnam
county last week.
Hie Alabama and Lnattanoosra Jmilroad case
is now pending in Nashville.
One of the Black Crook dansritscs at Nash
ville had $340 stolen from her the other day.
J. C. Wand has commenced, at his manufac
tory in Nashville, the work of galvanizing Ten
nessee iron.
Real Esiate Sales.
The following sales of property b- Col. M. L.
Patterson, Clerk and Master, were made yester
day
juic property s i.i m me cae oi uunn vs.
Dunn was purchased by II. G. Meed and J. L.
Cox for S2,C-30.
John Baum's lot, near Ingle's Mill, was pur
chased by Charles Schneider for S7o0.
Good Xe.
Mr. A. M. Spiro. of the linn of Sniro Bro..
returned from the East yesterday where he has
been making additions to their fine stock of con
fectioneries. They are determined not to be
surpassed n their iine by an' firm in the State,
an. i mey arejust uie men to carry out sucn a
determinati n. U:i to-morrow they will start
their bread wag.m, aiid intend supplying their
cu-tom.-rs with lr.-s,i bread and cakes, deliver
ing them at "heir residences. Those wishing to
be" thus supplied will leave their orders at their
store. No. 78 Gaj' street, opposite the Baptist
cnureii.
Jolmtou City.
The editor f the Jonesboro Flag, in speaking
of this Il 'urishing village, says that it is rapidly
improving, several handsome residences, store
houses and two large hotels having been en c -ed
there this summer. This speaks we l for the
untiring energy of some of her citizens. We
hope to hear of its improvements stib going on
until it will rival some of our moro ancient
towns, both in trade and manufactories. Situa
ted on the East Tennessee, Virginia and Geor
gia Railroad, and at the junction of the Western
North Darolina Railroad, no better place is of
fered for manufactories than this little town.
Long ma' the spirit of enterprise, with which
she U now blessed, continue.
An Excilinsr Theme.
The elections in the States voting on Tuesday
next will probably settle the hash with a great
many politicians of high a- d low degree, after
which the exci cment which has raged so high
there will subside, but the xcitement over thy
sale of groceries and provisions by John Licht
enwanger, on Market Square, will continue so
long as he sells such a splendid quality of goods
at such astonishingly low prices. Particularly
will the ladies appreciate his facilities for deliv
ering goods to their homes with his two wagons,
which were kept running constantly yesterday.
His business has compelled him to engage these
additional facilities, which he will increase as
the public convenience demands it Call and
see his stock, that "you may know how it is
yourself."
Smoked Halibut, the best and most delicious
fish, at Julius Ochs', opposite Cowan, McClung
ii Co.'s old business house.
Supreme Conrt.
The following proceedings were had
in the
supreme LC-urt yesterday
is and A llailroad vs J II
for
Taylor petition
M 11 Cresswell, adm'r, vs II C Gillespie et
al decree modified.
Jacob and Isaac Ilerd vs Jwincy C Atkin ct
al reversed and remanded.
Exchange and Deposit Bank vs b atson,
lrustee rernanaea.
C C Stewart vs Henry
manded.
Nicholas "Wolfe vs Alijah
reversed.
II C Alexander vs John
divided.
Jost-ph Dodd, in error, vs
C. "Williams
Dechoard et
Denny, ex'r
Jno A Myers
re
al; cost
af-
firmed.
"Vm B Sheffey, in error, vs Henrj' Evans
affirmed.
James Love, in error vs Merida Goswell af
firmed.
Vance and Reynold vs A A Kvle affirmed
Julius Ochs vs Price et al remanded.
Wm James vs John Brooks and late vs
Brooks remanded.
Alary E Evans vs Samuel D Swann et al af
firmed and remanded.
Thos E Champion, adm'r, s Hardee Webb
affirmed.
W P Bobo vs W C Patton et al petition to
rehear.
Jas Hunt, in error, vs the State; reversed and
remanded.
M H Soult, in error, vs Howard P Soult ttal
affirmed.
AlcCloud and Karnes, ex'rs, vs Mary J Chiles;
decree modified.
David W H Reno vs Jos R Boun :e petition
to rehear disallowed.
Hazen Son vs People's Bank dismissed
Parker vs S te 1: dismissed.
Baker, Wright Co vs Nicholas; affirmed.
J A Boyd vs Rider affirmed.
Susong vs Arp reversed and remanded.
Bond vs Campbell reversed and remanded
A Ch Gamble vs Horace Maynard affirmed
Page vs the State; affirmed.
Charles S Rogers et al vs M L Rogers et al
reversed and remanded.
To Printers
A first-rate Job Press, in good order, will be
sold cneap. Also, a new
Binder's Pros, used
low. Apply at this
but a short tune, lor sale
office.
S ii ml ay. 1
Another week is numbered with the past.
Another seven days has by the recording angel
of Heaven been numbered with the things that
were but are now no more. In is Sunday morn
ing fin s us alive, blessed by God with health
and memory. We now turn to review the week
just passed, and take ourselves to task. What
nave we done to Detter our o n lives or mat 01
our neigbors Are we better men or women
than we were one week ago to-day Since this
morning just or.e week ago tens of thousands
of souls have taken their flight from earth "to
that bourne from whence no traveler ever re
turns.' Earth may be our home this day week,
but we know not such will be the case, "for in
such an hour as ye think not the Son of Man
cometh." Cast a glance backward and think of
the loved (and for the time) lost. U, how many
so near, so dear; are now on tne eternal snores
awaiting the faithful with oustrctched arm; soon
we will see them face to face. Ihe angel ot
death has our names indellibly written on his
:-croll which no bribery can cancel, he must do
his work. But in severing the brittle thread
that binds us to earth, the grim visaged mons
ter oners to place in the hands ot the followers
f Jesus a lamp to guide them over the dark
river and to the portals of the Celestial City.
This holy Sabbath go to the church of your
choice, listen to the words of Divine inspiration
as delivered by your minister. Trust in God
and ye have support; seek Jesus Christ, and
you shall be his joint heir. Have faith, and this
day read Chapter 11 of Hebrews, inclusive.
1)
EEGF.R XI CO LAV,
(From Paris,) have opened at
Jlestrs. CiMiuil V- Pillct'H Establishment,
Market Square, Knoxville, Tenn.,
SCOURING AND D Y E I N G,
Clean, by means of steam, Silks and Velvets,
Ladies and Children's Clothes, without taking
them to pieces. Gentlemen's Wear cleaned like
new. Fine Laces, Lace Curtains and Window
Shades, Blankets, Afghans, Table Covers, Kid
Gloves, &c, cleaned like new. Spots taken out
without cleaning the whole,
e will be pleased to receive orders from the
country and guarantee satisfaction.
x'JL'ultn LEGEli NICOLA L.
Sunday School Books and Reward Card?,
Ii great variety, received at the E. T. B. H.
i'renks of Insanity.
Near the Knoxville and Charleston railroad
bridge resides an unfortunate woman, who,
through domestic troubles, is almost entirely
bereft, of reason, and if anything occurs to dis
turb her tranquility acts in an outrageous man
ner, or would bo considered so in persons pos
sessed of their right mind. On Friday night
she beat one of her children in a cruel manner.
but was forced to desist by the guard at the
bridge, who, hearing the blows, ran down for
a moment, not knowing but she was in danger
of being killed.
Shortly after the insane woman took her bed
into the street, in the darkness und rain to sun
it. she said, and laid there till morning, when
she again beat her child as severely as before
and left the house. She should be looked after
by the authorities and sent to the asylum. We
understand that her vagaries are often more
violent than this and that she frequently cor
rects other children than her own.
We understand, since writing the above, that
Mrs. Foley, the unfortunate woman alluded to
above, was taken charge of by her brother, and
for want of a better place was lodged in jail for
secure keeping.
Fire Companies.
i ne various r ire Companies ot our city are
deserving of much credit and the warm thanks
of every citizen and property holder of our
place. Many of them have neither house nor
home they can call their own, yet, when the fire
fiend is unloosed, they rush to the rescue en
masse, and tire not until, by their efforts, the
names are under control and the city in safety
No one can fail to see, who has been connected
with Fountain Fire Company No. 1, the poor
condition in which its members are placed to
render them efficient The room in which the
engine is now placed is entirely too small it is
a bieak, dreary place; no stove nor heating ap-
paraius wiinin us wans. v nen tne engine
must be cleaned after a fire or practice, the en
11J. 1- .L
gineer is compeneu to wotk wunout lire, in a
cold room for hours. The room being entirely
too small, much more time is consumed than
would otherwise be necessary to do the work.
Let the authorities look to this matter and
extend a helping hand in order to avert a repe
tition of tho terrible Chicago disaster. Protect
the Fire Companies, ye city guardians Help
them; care for them; look to their comfort,
that they may help you. Ex-Fireman.
Knights of pythlas.
A number of gentlemen from this city visited
Chattanooga during the rast week and organ
ized Damon Lodge No. 42, K. of P., with a
membership of twenty-one, which seems to be
a very promising beginning. This order has
but recently been introduced in this State, the
fir.st Lodge having been organized in this p:ace
during the past summer, but it is spreading
rapidly and bids fair to become one of .he most
active of the secret benevolent organizations of
the State, which are doing so much for the ele
vasion of humanity.
The Rest Coal No Slate.
The Coal that I am ottering for siiV in thr best.
quality, from the Coal F!
from slateor other impurities, and well screened.
ienu your oruers t the corner of Broad and
Depot Streets North Knoxville: nr nt. IT. Mann
Co.'s. corner Gay and Cumberland streets.
xi4d2t Wm. Jenkins.
Before a Magistrate.
V. J. Crowell brought suit before Esouire
Ochs. against J. L. Cooper, to rnenrpr the value
of a pistol lost while in possession of the latter.
After hearing the evidence judgment was given
in favor of the prosecutor.
BOTTOM FIGURES.
Great Reduction in the Price or Coal.
Having realized sufficient profit from the
very liberal patronage received from the public
at former prices, I now offer to deliver the best
quality of Coal Creek Coal in any part of the
city at Fifteen Cents per Bushel. Leave your
orders at the corner of Broad and Depot streets,
North Knoxville, oratH. Mann Co.'s, Gay
street. All orders must be accompanied by the
cash, as we keep no books.
xi3-St Wm. Jexkixs.
Guxx French have just received a fine
stock of Evergreens, Roses, Flowering Shrubs,
etc., at their lot, adjoining Col. Crozier's office.
xidd2t.
,V T COS T.
I take this method to inform my friends and
customers and the public generally, that I am
determined to change my business by the first
of January next
For this reason I will sell all my clothing and
furnishing goods
AT COST.
My goods are all fresh and well assorted, most
of them having been purchased this season.
Here is a good change for all and every one de
siring cheap clothing. Call early so that you
can get the pick.
THE GOODS WILL ONLY BE SOLD
FOR CASH. Respectfully,
S. BlSSINGER.
Country merchants arc respectfully invited
i0 call. xi4-dk
For Rent.
The store rooms recently occupied by Mabry,
Turner Co., two doors above the Lamar
House. A fine location for any kind of busi
ness. Apply at the store. xi3-3t
REAL ESTATE DISTRIRUTIOX OF MEM
PHIS. Drawing1, 91Ii of November, Instant.
Applications for shares will be" made to the
agents up to Nov. 6th, after which all orders will
be filled by the Home Office, 44 Adams street,
Memphis, up to the evening of the 8th.
Xl4-Ut
Pemberton's compound extract of Stillingia
cures all diseases arising from impure blood.
Eastern Division Fair Association.
Knoxville. Tknn., Oct 31st, 1871.
By direction of the Financial Committee of
the Association all stockholders are requested
to present immediately their certificates of
stock for registration to be addressed to the
Committee and left at the office of Capt W. W
Woodruff. All persons having claims against
the Association are also requested to file their
accounts or notes at the same place by 12 M
on Friday next for adjustment.
Adrian Terrv,
Secretary Financial Committee.
xil-dlw.
Pemberton's compound extract of Stillingia
cures all old mercurial and venereal diseases
without fail try it
NORFOLK OYSTERS.
In every Style at SehcrFs Restaurant.
The citizens of Knoxville and vicinity are re
spectfully informed that I will constantly keep
on nana at my Kestaurant under tne iiamar
House, the finest and largest Norlolk Oysters,
which will be received daily. My customers
will be served with oysters in any style at rea
sonable prices. It is my intention to receive
constant supplies of these fine oysters on the
shell, which will be sold at the lowest rates.
Private lamiJies and parties supplied on reason-
ible terms John Sen erf.
Under the Lamar House.
Globe Flower Syrup cures whooping cough,
sore throat, bronchitis and asthma.
Fresh Norfolk Oysters.
Received daily at the St. Nicholas, and served
up in any style, from G A. M. to 12 o'clock p. M.
03-sters delivered in any style.
xodlm N. Eifler, Prop'r.
2iiiiltin .Sites lor Sale.
I offer for sale a few building sites, from five
to fifteen acres, on the Rutledge pike, and front
ing the Fair Grounds.
march31-dtf Jos. A. Mabry.
Julius Ochs, Esq.,
Has removed his office to Gay street, opposite
Cowan, McClung Co.'s old business house.
At the same time he desires to inform the
ublic that he has in the same building opened
a Frst Class Grocery House, and respectfully
ohcits the patronage of the trading public.
x29 tf
Just try Globe Flower Cough Syrup for cot
imption, asthma and croup.
TliK ladies of Knoxville will find the prettiest
ine of Plumes, just opened at R. S. Payne
Co's. Fancy Feathers, real Ostrich Tips and
Feathers, verT low. Also a handsome line of
Artificial Flowers. Untrimmed Hats of the
latest styles; tho Promenade, Turban, Sailor,
etc. Also the largest line of Trimming Ribons
in the city, at very reasonable prices. Also the
finest line of Furs ever brought to Knoxville;
among them real ritch and Mink sets. Ladies
Shoes of all kinds Lace, Congress and Button
Boots; the I2ueen 3 Congress blipper, a new
pattern of the handsomest shoe worn. Remem
ber R. S. Payne Co. can save you money in
their line, and money saved is so much made.
They have not retailed one five cent's worth of
goods on credit since first January. x21dlm
Use Globe Flower Cough Syrup.
CITY NOTICES.
Do not Let your Prejudice Stand Relween
your suffering child and the relief that will
be absc lutely sure to follow the use of 3RS
WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP. It
corects acidity of ihe stomach, relieves wind
colic, regulates the bcwels, and gives rest to
the mother and health to the child. Offices, No.
21-3 r ulton street New York, and No. 203 High
Holborn, London, England.
Be sure and call for
"M US. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP,"
having the facsimile ot "Curtis Perkins"
on the outside wrapper. All others are base
imitations.
-IOTHERS WHO HAVE DAUGHTERS THAT
11 ave Weak Lungs Should arrest the disease
when it is in the incipient stages. It is indicated
by a hacking cough, pains in the chest, difficul
ty of breathing, or oppression of the lungs. If
this be permitted to run on, tubercles will form,
and Consumption will be the result A most
valuable remedy will be found in Allen's Lung
Balsam to ctire and check this disease in its first
stage.
For sale by all Aedicine Dealers.
Thousands attest its virtues, and from all
quarters of the Globe come testimonials of mon
derful cures performed by Simmons' Liver Re
gulator. Attachment.
Thomas P. Graham vs. James Fanther.
TN THIS CAUSE IT APPEARING TO ME FROM
A an affidavit sworn to and filed bv W. W- Holline-a-
worth, plaintiff 's agent that defendant Panther sa
ron resident of the Statn of Tennessee, so t hat tVn nr-
d nary nroRpss of law cannot he servpd noon liim Tt
is therefore ordered that publi -a'ion be made for four
successive weeks in tne .Knoxville Chronicle, a news
paper published in the city of Knoxv He, notifying said
non -resident. Hpipniliint to unnenr beforft trip. tb nn-
dersianei justice, on Saturday, the 2d dav of Decem
ber, 1871, at mv house. Claiborne connty. State of Ten
nessee, to plead, answer, or demur to complainant's at
tachment, or the B.ime will hp. ta.kpn an ponfps.spd and
set for hearing ex parte. Oct 12. 171.
t'HAKlibS ihbLY,
octSowlt J P. for said County.
DR. SWAN M. BURNETT,
OFFICE
Church Street, between Gay and State,
KNOXVILLE, TEXN.
Special attention given to Diseases of the
Eye and Ear. aug30-w4t
COMMERCIAL.
WHOLES ALE MARKET REPORT
CORRECTED DAILY BT
WILLI A3I II. WILSON",
Produce and Commission Merchant,
McGhee filock, Knoxville, Tenn.
Knoxville, Tenn., Oct 31, 1871.
Our Grain market has a little better feeling, but no
Southern demand. Dried Fruit is very active anl
much higher, ai-d is readily taken by dealers at quota
tions.
GRAIN.
Wheat $U01.25.
Corx Sacked, 70 ct nts.
Oats sacked in depot 4oS50c.
Rtk nominal at 70 cents.
Hat 8081.00.
PRonrcE.
Flour local demand $7.M. $7.40aS.(X.
Bacon Nominal at Sc. for Iiog round; hams, 12c,
sides, 9J4c. shoulders, 7c.
Lard prime 1012.
Dried Fruits Apples, CScT ierP: Pea'hes,7f;'jc
Feathers Prime oifetiOc.; prime mixed 45s5:.
Butter 2C(S25c.
Eggs Rood demand. lS20c.
Irish Potatoes t5c.
Timotht Seed So.0 per bushel.
Clover Seed $7.50 per bushel.
Beef Cattlk 2J4's3c. gross, as to quality and con
dition. Hogs Nothing doing.
ii
Knoxville Retail Market.
Apples dried 45 fib Lard, f ft. lie J
irreen S 1.00a 2.vr?bu. Molasses. r ca'no 73
Butter,...,
25a Meal, old- bus.Mj.-S 1.00
1012f- Oats, 1 bus -.irA 40
25$U) fib V-cwt IW4 SO
...2 Zt lb Teas stock, bus (30 7-3
15 white, do
Bacon
Beeswax
Beef on hoot.
Candles, tt..
Coffee..............
.2025?ft Potatoes- w't.?b 7 V 1.00
2.3"? ft Peaches dried.rft S" 10
Cheese
Cotton Yarns.Hdoz.S13''Blo Riee. Vtb V1XA(3 13
Corn, old.- 65'"-7-3"F1bu Sugar crushed, r'ft 33
Chickens, each 152() extra C... lor jo Mil
Eggs, doi 25 PR- 1
Flour variable..$4.UOiSt.25 common 121
Fodder, cwt l.0 S'hucks, c-,vt... l.0
Hay.-cwt 65 75 S'alt. 't ack 2.5i)
Hides green, fib... btgi 10 Tea, lb 75tf?2.in
dry 14 16 Turpentine,? gal 45 ti) j
Codfish, ?tt. 8 10 Tallow, Y tb...l''3.-a 1.3
Leather. ?tb.......3 40 Vinegar. gal 4J 50
Xew YorU Mnrket.
STOCKS.
New 1'ork, Nov. 3. Money, steady, OaTc
Discounts, 1:2a 1-3 per cent. Sterling, lower,
Sic Gold, irregular, Sl.12ial.12i'. Govern
ments, firm, very dull. States are not very
active. Tennessees, 03; new. Co?. Virginias,
001 new, G3. Louisianas, -3; new, oG; Levees,
04 8s, 7-3. Alabama, '.8 o, 07. Georgia., H
7s, 80. North Carolina, 37; new, l',. Sutith
Carolinas, 70 new, 3-3 J.
produck.
New Yor.K, Nov. 3. Cotton, easier sales,
2.080 bales of uplands, at 18k' Orleans, P.ie.
Flour, dull; common to fair extra Sij.'.Ma7.,'-!
good to choice, S7.03a'..l:3. Wheat irregular ami
.unsettled; winter red e.-tern,
Corn, heavy, 70a70c. Whisky,
13al4c. Lard, kettle, 10?e.
1.
1 I ll.-O.
IV rk.
Cincinnati MarUct.
Cincinnati, Nov. 3. Flour cosier. Fork
higher and fair demand $12. 00. Lard advanced
9ag. Bacon quiet and weak shoulders 7
sides 72a72. Whisky 83.
Louisville
"larkcl
-Provisions,
Louisville, Nov. 3
fitiiet ani
teady. Fork, held at $13.0U Uacon, in mK.l-
erate demand, on orders.
Shoulders, 7'c; clear
rib, 8c; clear sides, tic.
ky, dull 88a89.
Lard, fr,nlVl. U his-
SPEtlAL AUTICE.
THE CAUSE AXD CURE OF COSUilPTIOX
-The primary cause of Consumption is derange
ment of the digestive organs. This derangement
produces deficient nutrition and assimilation. By
assimilation I mean that process by which the nu
triment of the food is converted into blood, and
thence Into the solids of the body. Persons with
digestion thu3 impaired, having the slightest pre
disposition to pulmonary disease, or if they take
cold, will be very liable to have Consumption of
the Lungs In some of it3 forms and I hold that it
will be Impossible to cure any case of Consumption
Without first restoring srrwvl AigoKtUiix ojid ticallUy
assimilation. The very first thing to be done is to
cleanse the stomach and bowels from all diseased
mucus and slime, which is clogging these organs so
that they cannot perform their functions, and then
rouse np and restore the liver to a healthy. action.
For this purpose the surest and best remedy Is
Schenck's Mandrake Pills. These Pills clean the
stomach and bowels of all the dead and morbid
slime that is causing disease and decay in the whole
system. They will clear out the liver of all diseased
bile that has accumulated there, and rouse it up to
a new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowels, and liver are thus cleansed
by the use of Schenck's Mandrake Pills but there
remains in the stomach an excess of acid, the
organ is torpid and the appetite poor. In the bow
els the lacteals are weak, and requiring strength
and support. It is In a condition like this that
Schenck's Seaweed Tonic proves to be the most
valuable remedy ever discovered. It Is alkaline,
and its use will neutralize all excess of acid, mak
ing the stomach sweet and fresh it will give per
manent tone to this important organ, and create
a good, hearty appetite, and prepare the system
for the first process of a good digestion, and
nltimately make good, healthy, living blood.
After this preparatory treatment, what remains
to cure most cases of Consumption is the free
and persevering use of Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup.
The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system, puri
fies the blood, and is readily absorbed into the
circulation, and thence distributed to the diseased
lungs. There it ripens all morbid matters, whether
in the form of abscesses or tubercles, and then
assists Nature to expel all the diseased matter, in
the form of free expectoration, when once it ripens.
It is then, by the great healing and purifyiiit
properties of Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup, that all
ulcers and cavities are healed up sound, and my
patient is cured.
The essential thin? to be done In curing Con
sumption is to get up a good appetite and a good
digestion, so that the body will grow in flesh and
get strong. If a person has diseased lungs. a
cavity or abscess there, the cavity cannot heal, the
matter cannot ripen, so long as the system is below
fiar. What is necessary to cure is a new order of
bings, a good appetite, a good nutrition, the body
to grow in flesh and get fat then Nature is helped,
the cavities will heal, the matter will ripen and be
thrown off in large quantities, and the person
regain health and strength. This is the true and
only plan to cure Consumption, and If a person is
very bad. if the lungs are not entirely destroyed,
or even if one lung is entirely gone, if there is
enough vitality left ia the other to heal up, there is
hope.
I have seen many persons cured with only one
sound lung, live and enjoy life to a good old ace.
This is what Schenck's Medicines will do to cure
Consumption. They will clean out the stomach,
sweeten and strengthen it, get up a good digestion,
and give Nature the assistance she needs to c!ar
the system of all the disease that is in the lungs,
whatever the form may be.
It is important that while using Schenck's Medi
cines, care should be exerciseel not to take cold:
keep uvdoors in cold and damp weather; avoid
night air, and take out-door exercise only ia a
genial and warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when I recom
mend a patient to be careful in regard to taking
cold, while using my Medicines, I do so for a special
reason. A man who has but partially recovered
from the effects of a bad cold is far more liable tr
a relapse than one who has been entirely curU;
and it is precisely the same in regard to Consump
tion. So fong as the lungs are not perfectly healed,
last so long is there imminent danger of a full re
turn of the disease. Hence it 1s that I so strenu
ously caution pulmonary patients against exposing
themselves to an atmosphere that is not genial and
pleasant. Confirmed Consumptives' lungs are a
mass of sores, which the least change of atmos
phere will inflame. The grand secret of my suc
cess with my Medicines consists in my ability to
subdue inflammation instead of provoking it, as
many of the faculty do. An inflamed lung cannot,
with safety to the patient, be exposed to the biting
blasts of Winter or the chilling winds of Spring
or Autumn. It should be carefully shielded from
all irritating influences. The utmost caution
should be observed in this particular, as without it
a cure under almost auy circumstances is aa impos
sibility. The person should be kept on a wholesome and
nutritious diet, and all the Medicines continued
until the body has restored to it the natural quantity
of flesh and strength.
I was myself cured by this treatment of the worst
kind of Consumption, and have lived to get fat and
hearty these many years, with one lung mostly
gone. I have cured thousands since, and very
many have been cured by this treatment whom 1
have never seen.
About the First of October I expect to take posses
sion of my new building, at the N ortheast Corner ol
Sixth and Arch Streets, where I shall be pleased to
give advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany all my Remedies, S9
that a person in any part of the world can be
readily cured by a strict observance of the same.
J. H. SCHENCK, M. D..
Philadelphia
T. HCXTEX.
Wholesale Asent, Knoxville
v-15
Knilrtlns Lots For Sale.
I offer a few Building Lots, in the citv. lor
sale Jos, A. Mabry.
m&r23-tf
.cvr Advertisements.
CUNrTlJRANGO!
Bliss, Keene Co.'s Fluid Extract.
THE WONPERFUL REMEDY FOR
CAXCF.R. SYPHILID SCROFULA, T'LEKS. SALT
RllEL'M. AND ALLOTUEKCliUONIC BLO JD
DISEASE.
Drt. P. T. Kfene bavins just returned from Ecuador
and brought witn him a quantity of the genuine t un
liir:iii;; IJark. si-cured through the official recom
mendation an I assistance of 11U Excellency the Presi
dent of Ecua tor, and the Government cf th.it Repub
lic, we are prepared t till order3 tor it to a limited cX
tent, and at a price about one-quarUr of that which
the cost of the nrst very small supply compelled us to
charge.
Uur FLUID EXTRACT L? prepared from the genuine
C'iimlurau$;o Hark, from Lji, Ecuador, secured
by assist tnce of the a:h rities of that country. Suld
by all Drusgists n pint bottle, having on them our
name, trade mark an 1 full directions tor ue. Price
SiO. LiL-ratory "o. fed rstreef. New York.
jsmss, ki;i:k 4V t'o..
D V. Elics M. D.. vrnshington. 1. Z. E. Bliss,
M, D., Ntw York P- T. Keene, M. D., New York.
iTTAflTVC! iirEiioi.D mauazise l
Vi JJU offerd free during th" coming year to
every subscriber of Merry Museum, the T"ld' Blade.
Pnrr.proT's Ptt' rrr, Ac, which is an eviatnee of its
woitUaii'i i'oulirity.
lTo'tTf t oeTpv, .Turn Pnr-
t'tn. Tliro'bire Ti'tn. !.t'l 11 .thim-i'i, rue lor ev
try uumuer. In c. uoon.g it ouer tnrec first-cla'3 pe
riu iie.ib! for the price of one of them. A variety of
premiums cn equally liberal terms' It ia an original.
tirst-cl-.- vir. rain. Vo uxe X begins with Jan. '72.
Uress S. S. WOOD,
Sulicltel by 31 1. X A. CO.
Publifhers S'-i'iJini; Awi-i'-nt,
ST IVtrk How, Y.
Twenty-live year-' experience.
l'aiiij.lets c rit.iin n Patent Laws, vi;h fall direction.-huw
to obtain Patents, Irte.
A bound volume uf lis puses, cont.iinin? the Nfff
CfsiMis by cuntit's and all larse cities. 110 En-ravings
of Mechanical Movements. Patent L .ws an l
rules for obtaining Patents, mailed on receipt of :V
cents.
Bloomington Nursery,' Illinois.
2-Jth YEAR t 0 ACRES GREEX-IiOUSES
Larm-st .Vstrlm'iit. IU-t Stork. I.v
l'rivvs. Trei s. :iru i. Plant?, Bulbs. Seeds, Stock.
iraits. Ac, IOO I'ii-e l!lut rateil alalo-ue.
IO 4 Ball'. Plant, Seed Catal lies, aU lur li
cents. Wl.uL-ale Price Lit, free. Send for these be
fore buying c'.-i'v hi-re.
1 Ii. rilOOiX, niooniiiiyton. 111.
'IMIE Il;rriiliir- I'aniil Cornshrllrr Co,
1 wantAg"nts to sell thrr Family Ornshcllers.
Lest ill eiitem of th-j
lar;,re. For circa'ars.
Trei.-urer, Lock B x
kin 1. sells at
address Et'tiliNE
11-ir is burg, I'a.
lit Prohts
SXYDEK
:51. Wc Avill ia- 8:so.
Agents 5.0 r week tost!! our creat and valuable dis
coveries, Ii yt u want pennauent, honorable and
piea-ant work, apply for particulars. Addrer-s DY'EIi
A CO.. .).o 'k-..ii. .Micliiu-:i:i.
QO'l A
O.WII! II.
'ornished. Espen.es
11. B. .-HAW, Alfred. Me.
VO! 1
2V tion.
VOID rACIiS. A victim of early indiscre
et u ii.T nerv u-' debility, iTeiioitcre dec.y.
etc.. having tried in vain every adverti-ed remedy, has
discovered a rim lc iiicmus of s lt'-cure. wb ch b- will
send to his !.UovMi Jeiers. Address J. 11. REEVE-,
7-i N.is-u St.. N.
d.a:mo:s s
STOCK POWDERS
1 tie
f
best Medicines known
HOBSES, MILCH COWS anl HOGS.
LVjJ iii moderation, tliev improve the appe
tite, incrcas-. digestion, loosen the Judo, give
gloss to tlie lui, and keep off
DISEASE FROM THE HORSE.
They increase the quantity and improve the
quality cf
rIilli: in ilie Cow,
zul are a never failinsr
7EI7TIV3 0? HOG CHOLERA,
vriiilc directly tending to fatten all Stock.
They cure Heaves, Lung Fever and Worms
ia Horses and anirsals, however diseased, are
alwavs bcneSte 1 by their use.
iaousan.is al
carTt aHord to-!
cit their value. Stock raisers
without them.
DntECTiovs os Each Package.
Prire, 23 Csr.is, cr 5 Packages for $1.00.
or
by MercLaiits and Dealers generally.
Galen's HeadOispensary.
shed 18.71, Chartered lSH.
Ey the Lecislature of Ken-
t if ky. for the treatment of all
di.--e-i.-es of a prirate nature
incident to both se.cs, inclu
ding genorrLu-a. gleet, stric
ture, inflammation of the
Madder and kidney?, ?yph.lis
lTCv'X
in all its ttiures, scrofula, Ac.
111 m il c:i I; nc.'s.im potency,
.-t.xuil debility, and all the
e 1 1 e!"ect.- an -1 n from youth-
lul 111 li.-c etion aiid excefs.
ffiu-in? premature decav. loss
ot Mtauty. .v A v. mx ci.ij-p la-r that will cure va-
ri ocele in half the time, and llr less thau onfourth
the est of a si!r2-i.?:il opcr.i'.i'T. Special attention paid
to all Female tii.-f a-es, leucrr!n'-i. or white?. obtruc-
t:on of the menstrual p'-rit;d, barren ners, filling of
the womb. Ac. Also, Ari:t lor Ieec.s lYmale
Monthly lie g'i!atr pi ire Warranted to remove
all ob-strucioiis. !Sr.t with full d:rcct!ns on rcjcc'pt
ot price ar.d st'n-n.
Lc-t quality of M.ale. Safes al'v i s
oe. -1 half d-.z.. t or 5 per d"Z.
refiit o' pri -f. with iro'-rior. Ac.
on band single
cent postpaid on
Jut 1'niilMnd A MtMliral Ileport, treat
ing up'-n all disea-es .f the urinary and generative or-
g.m ot b th ex. s, c lit inn z 0 iarse pages, cuts
an I piaf".-. f i.l- the condition of U:e or-ars in a
?t :t' ol h til h ;:r. l d sca.se. with the author's new
vi -tho i of trca'ir.eiit. .e:it under seal f.r '2r cent.?
Co- sii'tation .tr.--oiia!iy or by letter free of rharzo and
s'ri -t y conti i-nti il. Address. CA' tN'd HEAD DIS-
I'EXSAKY, No. Vi"ct Jet; rson s'ree', between Se
oon 1 and '1 Lird, Louisville, Ivy. sepl"
-Origins! Attachment.
C. II. Wiis..u vs. R- b'. D. Manly.
;i i'
L NT IFF AFFID WIT SAYS THAT
t'if
lie
nd in' is i:i .j t-l to
trie ttafe ot Tennrs
nun. an-I is. a non-
esidct t ol
from Wm.
ft navin? ootaineu
Pr-iven-e. a Jti-ti -e of the Peace.
ar Ori.'i-
r.a! att ich'.ii'-nt apnn-t t!ie tslate i the dcicndant.
an d t;io same hav.ii-? b'eu levied on trie defendants
prop-Mr, it is ordered by the Justice of the Peace
aforesaid, tha? tl- defrtidant at pear before the said
Wm. I'r ivcn -e. .iii.'-'ice of llie 1 nt his ollice in
the town -d'Now Ma-kef, Jeuvrsos c"unt-. Ternneg-ee,
on tve first Satur 1 -y of Felnuary. J. to defend said
::tta
,'liin.Tt wnif nr ir ivlil lo iir--crodf'l With T T-nrt
It is
the
Oct..
n i
tu- t cr or .ierc-t t at t is roucc o puowsneii in
knoxville Ciir-ii.He for fonr sufres-ive weeks.
I t s71. v.u. i'KO i;nce.
J I!
li'O l
L-f.e
'the I
ce f.r JelTcrson County, Tenn.
viw;
(hmcery s!c of Valuable lily Lots.
TN PURSUANCE TO A D IX RLE PRONOUNCED
1 bv the Chancery Court at k noxville. Tennessee, at
the prc- nt Sc; tcinler term. 1-S71 of paid Cont in the
eve of J-)!m J. Rlackfrd, piiardiaa.i-c.V3- Elizabeth
Webb ct ab, I will full at public auction, on the rrem
ico: on ';:-nr iav. the 21st day of October next, of tli
lots mentioned in the bid, enough to realize the sum of
S v-o-U"1. and saall f rs sell lots numbered 1 "0. CS. if-'.i
1. ol 5-!. aii- 6i, in Snced. King i Co.'s addi
tion to Kn-xvi le. a I be n? part of the lots assigned
t tLc csta'c of J. T, v. ebb. dee'd.
TERMS.
Sail r-aTc wiM hi m.t.Jc fr onc-thirJ cash rn hanJ,
one-thiritn six icontis. and one-third in eighteen
months. Not s, w.th approved security, win be re
quired of purchasers, bearing interest from date, and a
lion retained on th lots as further security.
This3;th Sept., 1371.
Uw3t M. L. PATTERSON. C-Jk 31.
X' JOll VOicK OF ANY KIND
NEATLY EXECUTED AT THE
CHRONICLE JOB OFFICE.
Nt'vvourgh, X. 1
BLUE MOUNTAIN ROUTE
VIA
Selma, Rome &Saltoii HE,
AND ITS CONNECTIONS,
13 THE
Shortest and Most Comfortable
PASSENGER ROUTE
TO
2WSTV0XERY.
J'ljySACOLA.
SEW. OHLEAXS,
SELMA.
Mi:i;iii. v.
Yi''KSI;rut:
MOSTJjtl,
AikI all I?oiiitM in rJ
TvtO Daily Connections to ltvr
lis
Pullman's Palaes Cars
RUN THROUGH
FROM
I..3 'iiclilinrsr to 7lo?ilo,
-VIA-
alera and Hontao
V.IT1I0UT CUASMU.
Time to 3Ioutsortirry a:.d 3Ieb:!e,
Eight Hours and Twenty Minute;
Leso than by any ctber route.
Cloe Connections, mi l as Quick Tim
route to Meridian, Jackson and
s bv an v
'icU;' u:
Time to
vw (;ilraa..
FIVE
HOU
P
s
s than by any otucr rotre.
THE POPULAR AND Most EXPi:DI Tloi
l.miuham itoni:
To Texas Aortheru I.onisiniui.
TICKETS to all points on th route ir..;
at the Ticket OiTu eof the L"a-tTcni es.ee.
tJcorjria llailrojid.
O&ice ViO iay street, oj pesite Cowan
Co.V new buildinz.
V
Acent always a
ir Ho sure your ti
dei
on arrival
i
i
Kets rea l via ia:
(or Sclaia.)
i.. i. t.. n
ii. IMKM.V.
JOII.V It.
augli.Uwtf
r.t It. (ku ra sender A-i n
J. M. 'VLY, ir.ivelu
As. i;t.
St.
Lcuf, llcmphis, as.Miik'
tanooz.i Kuilmtd Lir.v
CViti:iI lioi'l Koiile.
Without chance of Cir to Na-'vil!.:
Union City.llick:iian,('ohn:il u-, lii:n;l
ville, and Mcrni his.
hit, il, 0YI,.t-
om.y om: iii iMi::
To Jackson, Tenn.. Pa lucah, Kentucky. Little Rock
Cairo and Sr. Louis.
i!orc than HO Miles Shorter to St. Louis
Than via Mem phis or Louis iile. and from 8 tn 1" Lour
quicker than via Corinth or rand Junctior,
A?k for Ti -kets to Memphis; ar t tbe
iiv.-'-t v
t. hattanooira and .dcKenzic. an 1 to St. Lou
a.-i
Northwest via Nashville and IVlnmi
Nashville and Hickman Rail and Liver.
The Lowest Special Ra'es for Umi-i
With more Advantage?, Quicker Time,
Changes of Cars than any other route.
I
id 1,
Ti-;k ti for Sale at all Principal Ticket es ii. i'.,
JNO. W. THOMAS. iU u'l S:,t r.
V.L. DANLET. tJtn'l P. an IT. Atent.
(1. M. 1IALLILL, Pass. Aceut. Knoxville. Tt n
marl-tf.
run sinrrrirs poitlik koitk.
Selma, Rome and Dalton Railroad
A XI) ITS CONNECTIONS,
Form the Great Southwestern Fast Frei -'it Lino
MOSTGOMER 1', SELMA.
PESSA COLA, ME11IDI. 1 .V.
MOBILE, J. I CKSOS,
NEW ORLEANS, YICKSBVRn.
TEXAS,
Ami IiiieniitMliatc I'oint.
THROUGH RATES GUARANTEED
Overcharges pronitly adjusted I y i,:
at points of delivery.
IN ORDERING SHIPMENTS FROM ALRuAD
ASK YOUR SHIPPER TO GIVE DIRECTI0N2
RY THIS ROUTE TO INSURE QUICK
TRANSIT.
MARK 13 A CI f PACKAdI-: VIA
Selma, Rome &BaltonR.H.
C. I5AIli:V,
General Superintrn b
General Freiijht Asrcnt, PAT0NA, AL.'.
JOHN M. WYLY, Travtlii s A
aui;l dtf
BOOKS fOIl SALE
AT 1 HE
TllIlt1JA OFFICE.
HORACE GREELEY'S
AUTOBIOG ilEI
JiECOLLECTIOXrf OF A IJUSY LIFE
inelndin? Reniiniacencc of American Po'iti-s ar.
t
1 --liticiaiiS. iroui the opemnu ot tivMis-'
t: r i
Contest to Ibo Downlall ot Ma very, io r. hi-h r.
ad-led Misccllaciin. Al.-o. A l'iscu.-si.-n x i ii K-c-ert
Dale Owen on the Law of Divorce Ry 11,
ii'BKELET. Jn one elegant O' tavo volume. Lcan
til'ully j.rinfed and han-lsonu-ly b-.-ati 1. ii!utr.-;- -i
with Sfl. l'fjrtmit f Hr. tineJ-y, aNo w'th v. I
engravings of "Tho C-t wLere I was Rvrii Mv
lim.'hoo I House," P irtait of Margaret Ful
ler, My Lverzreen lii?e," "Mv House in t
Woods M v Present Home." "Mv P irn
It is believed that these autobi-.o-mi.!.;,. .i
cences will be not only entertainimr and attractive i ir
ot permanent value to all s-tudents of tin- times w
live in; torminff. aa they 1. a record of tho imi- Ir
ani inspiration f one who has artivlv shared m t
many stranse intellectual ami political ph is, s i'-.p-c-:!
which America has zone .luring th.. t tt,
of intense vitality.
-nr. ureeley himself cn-ps tbebo-t In.lic:,;;, n ..r?'
nature, when he mv; "rhrtir
else into which 1 shall put so much of mvh my'
riences. notions, convictiotw mfl m. i'ti, t
lUC-e Iiernir'-tl'inx. 1 cive. Ki! i siivitl
mental history."
reserve, my
1'RirKS: Extra Cbith .W TtT.r.r
S3.rl; Half Morocco. SifO: Hall' Calf. id.'V.n
Morocco Anti-iue. 7 OtJ.
A Fine E-lition. Got al Round, of Mr. Gre.-Tev
on Praotic h-Ajfrk-uIiure. entitled
AIOYFV TV TUV pnt'V
i rennrp't with a view to 1-j-onnrT-v nr-i t

T. (iL'LN'X, Practical Horticulturist. Price il T'K
THE ELEMENTS OF AGRICULTURE
A noon iir youn? t armors. RyGr.o. E. U'iin.
Jr. Second Edition. Care!u!Iy revLsed.i 1 1 -l
lant. IbeSoil. Manures. Mechani-al Lul iv i
tion. Analysis.
The foresoins saHct. are n'l .t;t.ccn.t 1
simple language, that any farmer" bov ir.av'h'n-br-
stand. The book is
farmer, and is full of inf.rniali..n' c-.d :i.!vi.-c. ant
oun l doctrine. Price. tl ui
r., bv ttle same anthor. price, 51 r-o.
ixil, llilUUNE ALMA
an ac ror. 11
Price. 0 centd.
A Complete Manual of Gardening
0' cent dv mail, tm-tacre t ail, to ;u
part of the United states oa receipt
price. Address,
THE TRIIZir.VC
n25-(itf w l'trk.