local news
Boat Back.?Passengers' on the four, five,
and six o'clock trips of the Washington jerry
boats, Saturday evening,last, were very much
interested at the preparations and the efforts
made for a race between the Analostau and Arlington
row boats at Washington. Many boats
ill addition to those to have taken part in the
race were collected near Oth street wharf, and
the river shore, from that wharf to the arsenal,
was crowded with spectators and the vehicles
in which they had come there. Owing to the
rough sea, the Aualostan club would uot run,
and so after a great deal of exciting squabbling,
the Arlingtons, when it was nearly dark, started
off to pull over the course alone. They got
along very well until a point opposite the chaunel
of the Eastern branch was reached. Here
the current from the Potomac, chauuel and that
from the branch met, forming an exceedingly
.strong and dangerous undertow, which in addition
to the wind and the water, mastered both
the boat and crew, and she soon began to till,
and in fifteen minutes was completly swamped.
An order was immediately giveu to jump out,
which was obeyed, ami for a. few seconds the
crew floundered around in the Potomac waters,
but were speedily picked up. The whole party
then headed their boats tor (ieishoro* Point,
where they arrived in rather a had condition,
and .were hospitably entertained and Cared lor
by Mr. Young, the proprietor, who furnished
them with hot coffee and other stimulants. In
the meantime several boats had gone down from
the Sixth street wharf, where a painful rujuor
of the accident had been received, aud further
details were awaited by the excited and auxious
crowd. About S o'clock the boats returned
with all hands safe, but thoroughly uncomfortable
from the ducking they had received.-1They
were met with hearty cheers aud congratulations
by the assemblage, and as soon as possible
doffed their racing clothes, were ouveluped
in warn) wrappings, and separated, thankful
that it was no worse.
Yesterday.?The weather yesterday was
clear aud bright, aud just cool cuough to be
bracing aud seasonable. The churches were all
attended by large and attentive congregations.
Bishop Whittle preached at St. Paul's Church.
All the other pulpits, including that of the
Prinmtivo Baptists', where Klder Purring ton
preached, were filled with the resident clergy. 1
The following is the report of the work done
during the day by the Young Men's Christian j
Association:
"The Suuday Prayer Meeting at the Methodist
Episcopal Church was fully attended, and
the services were very interesting. Those who
led in speaking, prayer, aud praise, seemed
tiuly warmed up in their work. The meeting
next Sunday wili be held in the Und Presbyterian
Church.
"The services at the Alms House were very
largely attended, a yd were well conducted,
ana great interest was manifested. A full corps i
of workers was present.
uTho regular services were not held at the
jail in consequence o{*the absence el' the usual
force of workers. The occupants of the prison,
however, were visited and conversed with.
Twelve persons am at present in confine ment,
1 for murder, 4 Ibr felony, n for misdemeanor;
1 for bigauiv, and 1 for perjury. More laborers
are needed in this field, and it is hoped that
the christian people, whether members of the
association or not, whose duties will permit,
will engage in the labor. One great obstacle
in the way of success in this work, is the want
of" occupation for the prisoners. It is hoped
that the present council, if it is in its power,
will provide work of some kind for them, and
not permit, them to remain in utter idleness.
Lost at Ska.?The brig Lije Houghton,
Anderson, from Portland, arrived at Philadelphia
tli inst., and reports that on the evening
of the loth, when four days out from Portland,
during a gale from S. while shortening
sail, Charles Dearborn,second mate, belonging
to Alexandria. a., feli overboaril; tacked
ship and made every effort to save hint, but ot?
aeeouut of a very heavy sen on at the time,
was unable to find him. His friends can receive
his effects by calling on or addressing
Messrs. Julius, Jr., (V, A'o. 4l'6 S. Delaware
avenue, Philadelphia.
The deceased was a sou of the lute f -aptain
1 1 i i' .1,., ufn
4 .'IMines uearitoru, ;um step wu <>i mv- nu>.
Capt. Rice, both of this place, and a nephew
of Capt. (rtmrge Bearboro, the present
measurer of wood :uul bark for the city. lie
was about forty-two years old, ami leaves two
children, who live with their deceased mother's
relatives in Philadelphia.
Sunday School Convention.?The Annual
Sunday School Convention of the Baltimore
Conference ot the M. E. Church South,
will be held in this city on the lath proximo,
and a delegation from each school in the bounds
uf the Conference is expected lo be preseut.
Where the distance to be travelled is great and
involves expense the Executive Committee
recouimeud that the Schools of a circuit combine
and send two delegates to represent them,
and share the expense. There will bo no ditlieulty
in obtaining a reduction of fare on the
Baltimore and Ohio Bailroad, the Orange Alexandria
and Manassas Railroad and efforts
will be made to extend it to the Virginia Central,
so that delegates paying fare one way will
be allowed a passage home. Rev. W. E. Munscy,
I). 1>. has promised to preach the opening
sermon, and a number of prominent pastors
and laymen will present and address the
Convention.
Mayor's Office.?W. 1>. Watkius, for disorderly
conduct, was dismissed with an admonition.
Benjamin Boswcli, for disorderly conduct,
was discharged with an admonition.
Night Herort.?Night clear aud cool.
There were no disturbances. One prisoner
und two lodgers were at the station houso.
i?,u
iUAKINK AC't'U>Cj?"M",""*iuii;iii^r:nu iv??r> WVvm
received here of (In: total losrf duriug a
"Norther" in the harbor of Santa Atiuu, Muiieo,
on the 20th ult., of the shin Annie Hi.
Sherwood. The-Captain, HI. S. Talbot, lormerly
ot this oity, and crew, auiong whom was
Hrank M. Phillips, son of Mr. John G. Phillips,
also of this city, were saved.
Saturday Niuut.? Saturday uight last is
reported as having been unusually noisy. Many
persons under the infltionco of liquor were roaming
the streets until a late hour knocking over
boxes, removing sigus and eugaged iu other
dikiraerly conduct. A disturbance, in which
women and men were engaged, is also rejxa-ted
as having occurred near \Vhaley\s stable.
Malicious Attempt.?An unsuccessful attempt
was made on Saturday night last, by
driving spikeshetwecu where t he rails clinch, to
throw the material traiu off the track of the
Alexandria and Fredericksburg Railroad. A
similar attempt was made near Fowle's Summit
on the same road a week ago, which also
proved unsuccessful.
AI ARM OF FlRE.?The alarm of tire about
half-past five o'clock, yesterday evening, was
caused by the light from a fire place iu the
second story of the building on the south east
corner of Kiogaud St. Asaph streets, occupied
by G. W. Ramsay as a grocery store. The
alarm succeeded in bringiug out the whole tire
department, i
Land Sale.?Green .Wise, Real Estate
Agents, have sold a farm belonging to Jamef
W. Manuel with improvements, near Rri.Mue,
for $15 per acre, to Edson H. Green of the
State of New York.
A LEX A 1ST
For IJk'H.mono.?Pepufy Marshal L.
O'Nealo left here this morning lor llielunon
in charge of a man named I >avi.*?, who is n
etisod of an infraction of the internal reven
laws in celling whiskey along the line of the
<fc F. R.R., and who will l?e tried before tl
U. S. Circy.it Court now in session in Rie
mond.
15. P. 11. 11.? The track on the Baltiuiu
and Potomac Railroad will he laid from ll
North end ol the Long Bridge through Mar
land and Virginia Avenues to the tunnel
South K street, in Washington, during the en
rout week. A large force is also employed
the Long Bridge.
Sudden Pkatiis.?Mrs. Robert Biokesai
infaut, of Broad Creek, Prince George's cou
ty, Maryland, died suddenly last night.
Mrs. Kate Pollock, daughter of Fieldit
Lewis, Esq., died suddenly at the residence
his husband, near Fredericksburg, last, wee
Humor.?The rumor current on the street
this morning, that the Alexandria \Vashil)
ton railroad had been sold to the Penosylvan
Central railroad, is said by Mr. Stevens,Goner
Superintendent of the first mentioned roa
to be entirely incorrect.
Sale op Valuahle Real Estate.?Atte
tiou is directed to tho sale of the residence i
T. It. Robertson, esq., corner ol Prince in
Columbus streets, advertized.in another eolnn
of to day's paper, to take place to-morro
morning.
A Born Romp.?Wo have received fro
the publishers, Evans Co., Philadelphi
through the book store ol Geo. K. French,
this city, a copy of A Born Komp, by Mary I
Mumford, u book for girls, well spoken of I
the critics.
Southern Manufactures.? Auoihcr tra
often freight ears, built at the Tredegar work
Richmond, passed through here to day, for ll
New Yuik Midlaud Railroad.
The Weather is very line lor the sca.ioi
Heavy frosts on Saturday and last night.
ffi?rKx-(iov. Wm; Smith will address tl
people of Alexandria, on next Saturday nigl
and the people of Fairfax, at Fairfax Ol. Horn
on Monday, Nov. 0, at which times the Repu
Mean candidates are invited to he present and
participate in the meetings. oct MO-lw
Z*0" Junow Hknuv VV. Thomas ana ai
Saxostek will uddrc.-s thu people of Fairfax,
West End, on Thursday next, ut two o'o!?<
p. Ul. Of t HO-ol
illM^n (ONSKKVATIVH KALL1
A mooting of llio Cuiisorvativo party will I
hold at LIBERTY HALL, on WEDNESDA
KVKX1NG, Nov em her 1st, IK71, 7 d o'cloe
Addresses will be delivered h.v di*tingiii?.h<
gentlemen All are invited to attend.
JNO. 11. 8 .MOOT,
<?i-t ?7? l?t County Superintendent.
/tl llleetloii Tickets, for this and the
joining counties, printed at this ofliee, uL cheii
i ratoa. Orders attended to promptly, oc 27-3t
TTl RGINIA: fn the Clerk's oillce of tliu Co
V porntinn Court of the city of Alexander
i on the lbtli day of October, IS/I: Sarah A. Rm
i ers, plaintiff, against Septimus ,1. Cook, Tilde
Easton and Rebooca C., his wife, formerly Cool
Carroll Steven's and Margaret, his wife; Era no
\V. Deakins, Leonard M. Leak ins, John A. IV
tors and Juliet, his wife; William F. Denkin
Gnbriel PuHiam and Ann Rebecca, his wife
George S. Deakins, Gloraina D. Deakins, Pa
ran S. Deakins, Mnry J. Deakins, Septum
Leak ins, .Tosoph Forbes and Cleora, Lis wif
and John Deakins, the last named an infant, d<
leudants: In elianeery.
The objeet of this suit is to obtain a decroad'i
tLo partition or sale Of a lot of ground, in ll
city of Alexandria, ol whieh Rebiveu 11. Cool
died seized, among her heirs; said Jot being di
scribed u.s follows: Beginning at the intcrseelie
of the east side of Henry, with the souili side
Wilkes streets, ami running thence east o
Wilkes street 1Mb feet JO inches; thence sunt
parallel to Henry street bS feet ill inches; them
west parallel to Wilkes street Jib feet lit inelu
to Iienry street; thence north on Henry sire
SS feet ?.j inches to the beginning.
The defendants, riot haying entered their a]
..,,,1 oivrm m.enritv Iiecol'ililig to tl
j'i'ai (in* i
uel of Assembly and the rules t?l" this Coin
stud it appearing by ulfidavil that thev ai
riot rosidents ??l* this State, it is ordered tli
I ho said defendants appear here within one muril
after due publication of this order, and do wli
is necessary to protect their interests in this sui
and that a copy of this order be >rt liwitli inset
ed in the Alexandria (-ia'/ettP, a newspaper pit
lisbed in the city of Alexandria, once a weelc
four sneeossivn weeks, and posted at the fro
door of tha Court Uousu of this citv.
A copy, teste: MO KTON Vl ATI Y K, CT
A. Taylor, p. <j. oet I'.O-w-lw
XJ i lit*IN1A: At Rules held in the Clerk
otHce of the Corporation Court of the ei
of Alexandria, on the lid day of October, 1ST
John A. Station, plaintiff, against Daniel For
defendant: In ease, t?ti aeertilied aceoiint at
upon an attachment.
The object of this suit is to recover of the
fondant the sum of sixty-eight dollars and fort
eight cents, with interest thereon at the rate of
per centum per annum from the Pth day of Jul
ISOG, and to subject the estate of the said Datii
Ford, in tlm city of Alexandria, to the pavme
of the said sum.
The defendant, Daniel Ford, lot Inn
ing entered his appearance and given seenrit
according to the act of Assembly and the rules
this Court, and it appearing by ntlidio
that bo is not a resident of this Stale, it is
dored that the said defendant appear here willi
one month after due publication of this ord
and do what is necessary to protect his interest
this suit; ami that a copy of this order be fort
with inserted in the Alexandria (ia/.ette, a iicv
paper published in thy city of Alexandria, on
a week for four successive weeks, and posted
the front door of the Court House of this count
A copy, teste: MOllTON MA RYE, CI'
II. 0. Claughton, p. q. octJO-w-lw
rritlK riONKKR MILLS PROPERTY, I
1. THE CITY OF ALEXANDRIA, Ft
SA LE.- This valuable property, embracing t
*"'1 -...-I litn<n I
MlllS, Oflop HIiu tnn:.\
ninety-nine years upon the largo lot and win
property, is for sale very low mi J upon aceu
modating terms. Apply to
oet :>*0-w4\v if. 0. CL All Gil TON
ATMORK'S Ml NCR MEAT, RAISINS a
CURRANTS received mid for n?tlo by
AVERY DAVIDSON,
oet 60 J26 King st., cor. Alfred
I FRENCH, ENGLISH nud AMEKR'A
MUSTARDS for sale by
AVERY DAVIDSON,
octSQ 220 King at., con Alfred
AXES AX KS1--80 dozen Axes ill store a
for sale, wholesale and retail, "by
J. F. CARLTN &\S0N3,
oetlW" (J:? King street.
Velvet ribbons i
VELVET RIBBONS
Best quality; all silk; all colors; at low I
ures, at GREEN'S NOTION HOUSE,
oet 80 _ 76 King street
I7RMIN.D?A KEY', belonging to a safe, v
found on Fairfax street to-day. The owj
can have the same by calling at the office of I
Superintendent of the \V. A O It. II., provi
property and paying for this advertisement:
oet 20?ot
i E W W ALL TAPER.'
J. P. CLARKE
I Is now receiving his Spring supply of
DECORATIONS,
1 selected with great care. This is the largest n
most elogaut assortment of now design of
v PAPER HANGINGS
s ever offered in this city, at greatly reduced pru
1 ap 14 _ No. loK King streel
I SMOKERS and CHEWEKS?Call uiul ?-\i,
iuo our stoolc of Smoking and Chewing
bacco. CHINESE TEA COMPANY,
oct 27 No. .11 North Royal streel
?i:ia.<;azkttk a)
jj mEUKAi'ii NI-AVS."
LI> 1 S A T(J i 1 KS TO T II K (J A 7. K TT K. I
IIO
:V.
|10 FOUKKJ.N MIWN.
London. Oct. 3<>.?The Mansion House fund
for the Chicago sufferers amounted Saturday
re owning toiMll,GOO. The Manchester .-nhscrip|j,.
ti??ii for the same purpu.-e aggregates
(Jran has engaged tlie celebrated Unsrinn
pianist llubonstein for the season in America.
>11
ir" From Xcw Yorli,
Ul New York. Oct. 3t?. -Charles O'Coiut's
letter declining the Assembly niniiinatioii rejj,
views the condition of the city, the impurity of
the ballot box, the reign of'ruffianism and tern
rorism and the astound ins; 1 rands. lie says
his whole time will be needed in prosecuting
ig suits by which, the city will be rescued from
of this State of things. Mr. ()'Conor denies Atk.
torney tieneral Cliumpluiu's assertion that his
suits against the ring are brought to interfere
s, with the Stale prosecutions. O'Cormon says
or. ho will prosecute his suits to a conclusion and
ja they are brought because sonic duuht exists
,aj about tlie power of the State to punish those
,j through whose fraud or neglect of duty the
city's money has been unlawfully i*iid out. lie
brings suit so there may be no posi billy of
n- failure to gel full justice for the citizens.
Additional subscriptions received by the
committee of Presbytery of New York
1,1 for the sufferers by the Western fires to Oeto111
ber USth reach 555,70", $1000 ol which have
w been appropriated to (he Michigan aud ^\fis-.
cousin sufferers,
it, A letter was received here a a short time
since by Dr. Field, of the Fvangalist, from
Kev. Arthur Mitchell, of the First Prcsby,
terian Church of Chicago, stating that among
v the worst sufferers by the great lire were
'y the poor sowing girls who had lost their
sewing machines. The Wilcox A,: Ciihbs Sew[u
ing Machine Pompauy being applied to for aid
in their behalf gave fifty sewing machines to
s] be distributed through Mr. Mitchell to iho
u' ni.wi iliisfi'viiur ul'the destitute wometi.
Fires.
I'Viijt Wai'NK, lnd., Oft. .">u.?The paper
mills oj* Freeman ci? 1 >arnetr. six miles north of
l10 ihis place, were destroyed by lire this morning.
jt The toss will reach $:!f>000; insurance light.
The fire was the work of an incendiary.
(.'on'cord, N. II., Oct. The woodshed,
engine house and water house of the L'oneord
to railroad at [Jouksett, were burned this morning.
Loss $i'5OO0; insured; Mason A Id rich's
r. barn, at West Littleton, was burned last night
n( with ten head of cattle, twenty-live tons of hay,
and asjiumtiiy of grain. Incendiary.
Decision.
r! IIariusbuko, I\a., Oot; 30.- .Judge l'earsou
delivered a long decision this morning in
:,(r' the Kvans ease discharging him on the charge
ofembezzling lunds of the state received from
k. the general government in payment of claims
d growing out of tin; war and holding him in
SIUiUHmiii bail to appear on capias.
Opening ol' a Knilronil.
Locki.anp, Oct. <>41.?The rails of the
Knox and Lincoln Railroad reached the depot.
lp grounds in this city yesterday afternoon. A
large number of citizens were present lu wilness
the arrival of the first vonsrruotion train
!ti that ran over the whole length of the mad.
Reenlar trains will start from here Wednesday.
?n
I;; Arrests.
Lkxinciton, Ky., Oct. L<t.?The Mayor and
many officials of this city have been arrested oh
indictments from iliebVderal court,charged with
r- felony growing out of the disturbances atthe
is August elections.
i'- The .IBMrhcfM.
JjONhMN, Oct. .'lit 11:litiii.tii.?CWsoif?opeu1(.
Oil ;it Idi Jbr money, :?iicl '.JMlniU for account.
lcf Hoods ill ISii'J, I' 11; Isi'i'is, old, '.'I}; ISOTh,
ii:21. lii-liis, si?!.
'II. I.oximx, <>l. p. in. -American
in securities (irmur. Hoods of 1x0:1, 180.1,
I, old, ill j; isiiT, 10 10s, M'j.
H? Nkw Vouk, Ori. i.~ Stocks dull and
heavy. Ya. sixes (id: new OS. Money linu at 7.
L'1 Ool'd heavy at 11 ",l. Flour unchanirod. Corn dull
|(_ and deoliiiiug. Wheal ?|uiei and linn,
it- liAl.Tl.MOUK, Ool. Ml 1.?Vil. sixes, old, -III
hid, asked; iio. coupon, old, ill*} hid, 50j
asked. West Virginia's lM"j hid, LM} asked,
ill ('olion lirm hill not ipiolably higher; low midltl
dimes 1 T-i. Flour firmer and uindiaiiaed. Wheal
t; firm and aelive; idioiei;white lNOalX;7; lair to
t- prime li'?i.ial7;7; red, common to lair IM.7 a I.70;
h- Ohio and Indiana fHOalGI; 1 'ennsylvania lGOa
"r IG.J. Corn steady; new while I?;7a7<>; mixed
"l Western 7.7. (hits f;V}ali<.
k.
('i.KUOVMKN, Hankers, l>ook-keepers, Kdir<u-?!
Mrul .'ill olhers that lead sedentary lives,
will find much relief from tlm frequent ITumlI*.
a films, Nervousness, mitl ('oiislipatiun ongon,1
dered Ironi waul of exercise, hy taking Siniel
uinns' Ijiver Regulator. It is a harmless
vcgelalilc compound; it can <lo no injury: ami
number* who have tried it will fionlidently asv(7
sell that it is the host remedy (hat can be used.
J{ QTEAM SAW MILL FOR SALE.
IIL t
Rare chance f??r making umnoy. .MILL in
eoiiijilete i?riler. l,0W\tK)0 leel of luiiibrr to saw,
from the sawing of which morn than sutlicionl
J- can he cleared t<? pay fur the mill. Fur terms or
anv otlmr information, apply to Judge C. R.
'ir_ SINCLAIR, '.Manassas Junction, Frineo Wil
liam county, or S. HALL, Castleinan's Fer[(
ry, Clarke county, Va. net 'J-eotNl
in rpHH A MERICAN SUBMERGED, DOUh
1 RLE ACTINO,NON-FREEZING FORCE
i's- I'D Ml* -The simplest and most powerful in use.
ice t is proved to he the cheapest, most effective,
at durable and reliable nurun. Satisfactory testily
menials furnished, and orders promptly attenok.
ed to. J. Iv HAL LEY. Agent.
Oflice at Wm. Cdgan's, to north Royal street,
>i Alexandria. Va. __.uct.27-eolwd&tw*
)R I">A I N Tri, OI LS A N1) VARNISH KS.
he 1
for Lewis' I'nro, Mississippi Valley Zinc White,
art' Uc-urgaii) and i'hoitiix Leads; Colors of all
m- kinds, Raw and Roiled Linseed Oil, Sjiirits Turpentine,
Zine and i'ulunt Dryers, Varnishes,
ite., for sale as low as they can lie purchased in
i the city, by COOK ct CRRIGHT.UN,
i out A 1()7 King'ntrwct.
TjiRENCU CHINA.
A tine assortment of TEA and DINNER
SETS, of various pattern.-', among tliein the new
"Moss Ro.-e" jiattern. A No VASES in great
variety, Fancy Mugs, Coil'oe, Tele-a-Tete Sets,
Cologne Sets, at. very low prices, at tk> King
..a f.u-tT-eoJnil K. J. MILLER.
iju rvi" i? _ i, r AL
IS X A NI HIA WAT IS 11 COMPANY.
Thy :iiiiiii:ti 1111 ?-Li 11 "ft liu Sp'olchnlder-??l the
Alexandria Water Company will bu held at
their office, No. 75 Prince street, on >1 ON DAY,
Lr-;. tin' Oth of November, 1371, at II o'clock n. in.
5 T. D. FEN I) ALL,
ocl V.i?eo2w Treasurer.
i&A "VT EW GOODS.
ler JJN ^-Lhe
II E A V V CLOTHS, ?TT? ?NS A i 'A LI CO Ed.
i)?;
Great bargiiins; n very largo snpph*; .iu>t
opencil something to .-nil all ta-tos; at prices
that cannot tail t" pleu.-e.
_ootjK? KoliT. L._Wt>OR
rpARLK LINENS, Ac. Blotched, halfL
bleached and Brown Table Diapors, asljoni.-hlv
cheap: Towels and ITa-li. a good assortind
nient; Linen Handkerchiefs, a great bargain,
with many other desirable goods, to which 1 in
vit<- attention,
res'. oct -7 WM. N. BEKK LEY.
XT ATTANs WONDERFUL DISCO VEIL i
on- a> FOR THE HAIR, and MORTONS l/N
l'o- FAILING CORE FOR AGUE and FEVER
for sale by WAR FIELD A HALL,
t. r oct IV Corner Prince und Fairfax streets.
TO VIRGINIA M
.1 t/criojv s.il es.
OU B LI C S A E E At l FA V FIKIA FA Llii
FAX COUNTY; VA.
Will be sold, at public miction, oh WKDNKSDAY
next, November loth, if lair, if not, tlx:
next fair day thereafter, at Haylield, about six
miles south of Alexandria, mi the telegraph mad,
ull the STOCK, UTENSILS. CROPS, &e., &e.t
consisting in part of Horses, Colts, Mules, Cattle,
Hay, Corn, Flows, Harrows, Wagons, Are
Term*: A credit of six months will be given
oil all sums over lifly dollars, secured by libles
satisfactorily endorsed, hearing interest at ten
per cent. On all sums under that amount cash
will he required.
bet23.obts RICHARD "WINDSOR.
j^nlt SALE OK RENT.
HOLTSK, No. 22:5 King street, at present occupied
by Mrs. Miner: Contains 12 rooms and is
in excellent order.
A lso tlm BRICK HOUSE, situated on Duke
street, west, of Fayette street, at present occupied
by Mrs. Richardson.
Also, a FA KM, containing about 150 ACRES
OF 1 jA N D, situated about one mile west of the
city limits, and known as FA I KYIEW, occupied
at present by .John A. Fairfax. The improvements
con-Jut of a DWELLING
HOUSE, I'oiilaining ten rooms, tooeHier Hcpl
with Barn, Stables, ?Nte.
All of the above-named pieces of property
will o sold'low and oil accommodating terms,
or rented to good tenants. Application Canute
made to
oct 23-eotf RJCIIA RD W1NDSOR.
ri TRUST EE'S SA LKok VALUABLE KEAJJ
JL ESTATE.?As substituted trustee in a deed
of trust, executed on the Oth day of January,
1851, by John Tayloo to. I'. Thornton Lonmx, to
secure to Win. 11. Tayloo certain debts therein
mentioned, I will sell, on tho SEVENTH DAY
OF DECEMBER, 1S71, Court day, at King
(Joorgo Court House, that beautiful FARM, lying
on llic Foloniae river, in King Guorgo county,
known as CHATTEKTON.
'PI... I-....,., /...nl.iiiu l/.iir himdri-J Mild llillpLV
A in; lid in v.* *11 bniiu o-iu k...
eight (4U8) acres, consisting ol' river lints mid
highlands. The DWELLING HOUSE
is ii largo brick building, with nino rooma.jflpjl,
including kitchen, and has besides basement j
rooms or cellars, nnd.is beautifully situated on u
lioighl overlooking tlio' Potomac. Tho farm
buildings and tenant houses are in good repair,
und the soil of the farm is of excellent quality.
The .Potomac steamers touch regularly at a
landing on the farm.
Terms cash. For further particulars apply to
It. R. LEWIS, Substituted Trustee.
P. S. In addition to the above described tract
of land, I will sell, at the same time and nluce
and upon the .-mine terms, tho PERSONAL
PROPERTY mentioned in said deed of trust,
and now remaining, consisting of Household
and Kitchen Furniture, Plate, Stock, Farming
Utensils, &e. It. II. LEWIS, Sub. Trustee.
Oak Grove, Westmoreland CO., Va., OCt20-eota
rp RUST HE'S SALE OP HAZEL PLAIN,
_L better known as tbe "Chinn Farm,'' near
Manassas, Va.?As trustee, substituted for Geo. J
H. Carter, in a deed executed by R. T. Chinn
and wife, on the Gth day of May, 180:1, I will
sell, at 12 o'clock, WEDNESDAY, the 2Hth of
November, 1871, in front of the Mansion Uouso,
in the city of Alexandria, the 'CHINN FARM,'
designated in the deed as Hazel Plain, containing
oGC1 acres three-fourths arable; chocolate Colored;
easily cultivated and productive; the remainder
in wood and timber, and all well supplied
with water. This desirable estate has upon
it the famous CI11NN HOUSE, a large
frame building, with eight rooms, needing.GgM. I
repairs, a comfortable Log Houso, occupied by
the tenant, stone stable, log corn crib and granary
is conveniently near to churches, schools,
mills and market.-,; within live milon of the O.,.
A. M. K. R., and in the healthiest suction of
the county of Prince William.
The deed authorizes a sale for cii-.ll; but, if
de-ired, a credit, its to two-ihird-of tlio purchase
iiuincv, will he given by the creditor ordering
the Mile. WM. H. piTZHUG H, Trustee,
oetiiT-eots Fredericksburg, Yu.
SERGEANTS SALE.?Ry virtue of an order
issued by tho Corporation Court of tho
city of Alexandria, at tho July torm, 1871, and
to mo directed, in tho case of Ceo. 1,. Soulon vs.
J. G. YerPhmcIc, 1 will sell, at public auction.
in front ??f the promise-", on TH U RSDA Y, the
tit 11 day of November, 1871, at 12 o'clock in., all
tho right, title and interest, of tho said J. G. VorPlanck,
in the RRICK DWELLING and \7??S&
LOT occupied by G. W. Clifford, situated
in t.liA /?it.v .if Alexandria, on the west side oij
"Water struct, between King and L'rinee, t<> the
l:iglie?l bidder. Terms cash,
net ii-uuIn J. il. STEH A UT, Sergeant.
It HOTS ./.V/> SHOES.
LADI KS' FINE SHOES lit
siip U1 WADDK Y'S, 7-1 Kingstrnot.
LA I >I KS' IIA N DSO.M K MUTTON JiOUTSat
sopl!I WADDK Y'S, 7-1 Kin# street.
I A DIES' WALKING HOOTS.
JU A splendid sleek, at very lu\v priees, at
sep 'JI WADDKY!St 74 King stmei.
I ADIKS' I'AUl.OU AND TOILET SLIPM
J I'El.tS Ladies' Freneli Kid IJmadway
Ladies' La-ting kJmadway, Turkey .Morocco
II mad way, Freneli Kid Toilet, Cnv-iiiieruTnilet,
Lasting Toilet, Seign and Carpet Slippers,in every
style and quality, at
sej^i 111 WA DDK Y'S, 7-1 K i nj? street.
AD IKS' LASTING HOOTS.
A large stock, with a gre.iL variety of new
?tyle-, In>it11LiI'tiI and very cheap, at
M-p *JI WA I' D K Y'S, 71 King street.
NrKV\ STYLES LADIES' UAJ/HiliS ?t
>e|i L'l WADDK Y'S, 71 King sireeL.
MISS ICS1 FANCY COLOKKI) MOOTS, in
new styles ninJ colors; a great variety,
handsome and cheap. Also Misses' Broadway
and Toilet Slippers, at
sep'JI W A DDKY'S, 71 King street.
MISSES' LASTING BOOTS.
In every sfvle, <juality and nriec. at
sep l! I \\VA DDK Y'S, 71 King str?et.
MISSES' WALKING AND SCHOOL
MOOTS A large stnek, in every style and
quality prices lew, at
:,i W A DDE Y'S. 74 King street.
MISSES" FIN K BU'JT<)N IX><>TS lit
3iup2l WADDKY'S, 74 King street.
G1 ENTLKMEN'S FINE DRESS JHK/J'S
r A ND SH<'ICS?A. large slock of new.styles,
very handsome, ff the heat quality and at low
prices, at
sop 21 WADDKY'S, 74 King Hired.
CI II11 A) R K N' S SCIICH) I, AN* I) W A EKING
J BOOTS -A largo clock ami great variety of
stylos, lit very reduced prices, at
sop WADDKY'S, 74 King street..
C1HILDKKNSFA NCY CoLO ItKD 110<)TS.
A splemJid'stoek; new colors, new styles,
handsome, durahln ami vnrv cheap, at
.syp 21 WADDKY'S, 74 King street
TNPANTS' BOOTS AND SLJITERS--A'
J- fine stock, in every color, afyle anil quality,
at very reasonable prices, at .j
sop t!l W ADDEY'S, 7J Tung strcqt.
.....r..,-. l.lll.VlL" L'UAPO
BOYS' AN D YOUTHS UAr-n.i onujiu.
A good stork new st\ lea, of lino quality,
at low prices.
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King stroot.
BOA'S' krr BOOTS, Boys' Culf Hoots,
Yontl.'s Calf m il Kip Boots, (-bi 1<1 roll's
Kip and. Call' Boots, at greatly reduced prices, at
sep 21 \VA1)1)K Y S, 74 Kingstreet.,
I A DIES', MISSES AND CUILDllEN'S
i F.U BBEU'S at
sep 'JI WADPEY S, 74 King street. ;-1
Alakge stock of heavy coons',
suitable for the country, to which we invito
the special attention of country merchants, as
they will be ~.Ic 1 very low for money,
sep 21 \V A DDF/VS, 74 Kiny street.
A LOT OF LADIES', MISSES and CIIIL.xjL
DUEL'S BOOTS and SHOES mit of stylo,
i which will be sold at uno-half the cu-i of uiauufacture.
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
L\-u>ies' houseIhoesT T f
Large stock and great variety, suitable for
old ladies, at
sep 21 WADDE Y'S.74 K ing street.
BOYS' AND YOUTH'S BOOTS, Kip and
'C.tlf, good and cheap, at
sepjll WADDEY'S, 74 King atroet.
f 1HILDKKN S BOOTS. NEW STYLES, nl
vy Sep 21 WADDEY'S. 74 King street.
LADIES' FINE WALKING BOOTS m
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
7 i C'TtO.y S~7 EES,
rp|{ I'ST UK'S SALE OK A VACUA HLK
A KISII KU V >N TrIK I'(>T<)MAC KIV K1I
l>y virtue Of<t ilr**** the' CitVnil-O-dfrt i*??r
Charles county, Maryland, sitting ?us h Court ot'
Equity, the undersigned, us trustee, will yffur, ut
j?ublic* sale, in front of the Mayor's office, in the
citv of Alexandria. Va., oil SATURDAY, the
11th day of November, 1371, between 12 and 1
o'clock lv in., that FISHERY, on the Potomac
river, in said county, known-as -THORN'S
OUT,1' el'.which Samuel* jLunt, late of Alexandria,
died seized and possessed.
The Fishery, as reserved in the salo of .the
farm heretofore made, comprise.^ a lot of land of
several aires at the lower end of the far in, embracing
the HOUSES attached to the Sh'oV^ and
the beach, the entire extent of said farrirup tho
river, with the right of way. theroto.
Terms: The terms-of sale, as proscribed by tho
decree and further decree of tuo Court in tho
it ibl K
)VERTISER
.1 Iff Ti O.Y S.1 Tj K S.
rp K r S T K K 8 S A L K )V TIMBERED1
1 LA N l>.? Br virttiii of a deed of trust from
Win. 11. It lit! it to Alfred Mi'ds, recorded "ii (ho
Fairfax Intid records, liber Z, No. it. folio 11 1,
the undersigned will, ou MONDAY, ilio 2<'ili j
Jay of November, 1871, Coiift day, in front of
the Court House of Fairfax countv, sell, to the
highest bidder, SIXTY-TWO AGJLES OF
LAN D, conveyed by said deed. This land lies
near Clifton station, and is woll timbered, and
as such a very desirable property. II. II. Butler
will take pleasure in showing the property.
Terms: Cash but arrangements can bo made
i for a liberal credit. The undersigned, soiling as
trustee, will convey only such title as is.vested
bv said deed ol trust, wliioh is believed to bo
go* M I. THOMAS MOO KG,
Fairfax eo., oct 18-wts Sub. Trustee.
/SoMMISSTONEli'S SALE OF VALID
Kj ABLE MILL PROPERTY IN FAUt^UlEll
C'uUNTY.?By virtue of a decree of
the Circuit Court of Fauquier county, pronounced
on the 14th of September, 1871, in the
chancery cuuso of Phillips vs. Phillips, adm'r.,
1 will, as commissioner therein named, oiler hy
public sale, to the highest bidder, at the front
door of the Court House of said county, on
MONDAY, the 27th day of November, 1871,
Court day, that V A LD ABLE* M ILL PROPERTY,
known as the Oat Hi'.! Mill, containing
about!?) acres of land, in Upper Fauquier, with
mill, STOKE, DWKLLINU, Ac., thereon,
of which ilie late Thomas Phillips die*l?|^
Seized and possessed.
The terms of sale require the purchaser to pay
down in cash on the day of sale ton per cent, of
the purchase money, n suui sutlicient to pay the
oxueiises of sale and the costs of suit?and to ex
ccuto builds with good security lor tint residue of
tin- purchase uioiioy, payable in equal sums in one,
two nod three "vears, from the day of sale, with
interest from that date. Tho title to ho retained
until Uiu whole purchase money shall ho paid
and tho properly subject to resale at the risk and
cost of the iirst purchaser upon failure to comply
with terms ofsalo. KICK W. PAYYK,
Commissioner of Salo.
Fauquier county, oct 2d -cote
TRUSTEE'8 SALE? Bv virtue of a deed of;
trust from Margaret liot/.cl, dated 21st of
August, 1SIV.I, recorded in thii Land Records of
Fairfax couuty, Liber K, No. 4, Folio l'.>7, and
lbr the purpose thorein montionod, L shall olfer
by public auction, at Fairfax Court House, on
MONDAY, the 2U5.li of November next, (that
being Court day) tlie TRACT OF LAND in
said dood described, containing l.Kl acres and 28
poles, it being Lot No. 2 in the division of
Samuel L. and Susan L. Barnes's real estate.
The above described property lioa about two
miles north of Clifton in said county, and is valuable
for its timber consisting principally of
White Oak. Soiling a3 trustee, I shall convoy
such title only as is vested in mo, which' is believed
to be uiiquesliunablo.
Terms: Cash. Salo to take place between
1] and 12 o'clock. TllOlal. fc. LOVE,
Fairfax county, oct l<??eots Trustee.
lly Ciireon A Wise,
[Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.!
Desirable property on kingst.
FOR SA LE. ?By virtue of a decree of the
Corporation Court, for the city of Alexandria,
pronounced at its July term, 1871, and a decree
at its October term, 1871, in the suit of A. Moran
vs. George Win. Brent ct als., tho undersigned,
as Commissioner, will, by public auction, in
front of Green's Mansion I louse, in tho city of
Alexandria, on SATI!RDAY, tho 25th day of
November, 1871, at 12 o'clock m offer for sale a
valuable THBKESTORY BRICK HOL'Sli ?j.
on the .south side of King street, in the city gjja
of Alexandria, Va., between Fairfax and Rnval
streets, now in the possession of A. Moran, lining
twentv feet on King street, and running
back south ninety feel.
Terms: One-tcnili of the nurebuse money to
bo paid in cash, aiid the rosuluo to bo paid in
three equal instalment-, pawnee ui mx, iwcive,
arid eighteen months, with intercut from tin* day
of sale; bonds vvith 1 security to bo taken for
tbc deferred payments, and the title to be retained
until tuey are paid.
GEORGE WM. B KENT,
oet '21? ts Commissioner of Sale.
Market*'a km. for sale.?PurBuant
to a decrvn ol the County Court of Fairfax
county, rendered at its May term, IS7I, in the
mil of Joseph Bru in me L. Mankins against
Thomas Javins the undersigned, the Commissioners
therein mimnd, will otter at public
auction on SATURDAY. Sept. ltd, at 12 in., aL
C'att's Tavern. West End, that highly cultivated
and valuable MARKET FARM, belonging to,
and now in jiosx-s.-ion i.f, Thoiuaa Javins, containing
572 neres <d In> 1 lyingon the Little River
Turnpike, about It miles west.of A Inrandria. The
land is highly improved with good bunding*.and
is a most de-irable liirin.
Terms of sale: Cash, so ivnu.li as will pay expenses;
residue upon a credit of I,;!, and ft years,
with inLarcst, to be secured by bonds, with
good security ami it deed of trust, upon the
premises. W. WATTLES.
1). L. fjilOilT.
1]'."\V. THOMAS,
Fairfax county, nop '2 -lawts Comm'rs.
/jSjhTIm above sale is postponed until Lite fitli
DAY OF NOVEMBER, first Jay of Circuit
Court, at Fairfax Court limine.
Fairfax county, sep i-1 a\vis
A I) M IN I S T K A TO R S S A L K
Will be sold, by public auction, at tlm residence
of tbo lute Mr. Jolui Young, "River
.Farm,'' on WEDNESDAY, November 1st,
1M7I. all the PERSONAL PROPERTY of
which the said deceased died po<unast.<dt viz:
Four Work Horses, 2 Mules and 2 Colts, 'J head
of Cuttle, 20 bead of fat Sheep with last year.'
crop of wool, ill bead of flogs; ibe present orop
of Corn, llye in at raw, about tons of Hm.v,
Straw and "Fodder, together with a large stock
of FA RM fNG 1M PLKM ENT.S, sucl. asTlirKsbing
Machine, Mower and Reaper, Grain Drill
and Roller, Farm Wagons and Carriage,
Ploughs, Harrows, Harness, Corn Slieller and
Fan, with numerous articles not iiece??nrv to
mention. A Go the HOUSEHOLD and KITCHEN
FURNITURE. f Will be sold at tlm same
tiipe one large St'' W.
Terms; On all .siima of twenty dollars and un
iw ..i
(lor CU.-l. aO.'Ye lliui HOU'ino, a en-on "I ii.i
months will Ixi given, with ni?pr??vi??l security.
JOHN C. YOlTNG,
net lO-eotn Administrator.
FOIl SA I.E.
lly virtue of a deed of trust from llonry Coloman,
tinted Lint fib day el' April, 1870, nidi recorded
in Iibur A, Na t, folio l'J*, tliu undersigned,
trustee therein named, will ??lfVr f??r <al<*,
by public auction, for cash, on SATlTltDA Y,
the-1th day o| November rmxt, in front of tlm
Mansion LTotisc, in tho city of Alexandria, ut VI
(/clock iu., a LOT Op OKOlIf 0, in the city of
Alexandria, commencing at a point on the north
suln of WiLVcps street 71 feet to tlm east of the intersection
of West ami Wilkes streets, running
thence east tin feet; tlicnco north KX> tent; thence
west K5 feet; thence south 100 feet to the begrtinitig.
There is a FJiA M K TK;NKMKN'T
on said lot noarly completed. Stamps ami giijij),
cultvevancincr at tho cost of .the purcliaser.
W. AUTHUK TAYLOR,
oct 2-lawt* Trustee.
rpTtTTSTKE'S SALTS. I u pursuance of a deed
JL of tru-t from Jtielmrd Jl. Garter to me,
dated November L1M, ISfd, duly recorded in the
Clerk's otlii'tt of the County Court af Fauquier,
for purpose- therein recited, and at the reqacxl<>i[
said Carter, 1 will offer at public saje, to tb(i
hi it host hid'ier, on tlie Kfrb 1>AY OF N o K M IiEK,
1871, in tho town.'t>? Uppcryille, Fuiujuwr
countv. Yn., .inyfrunl. o( JLavf's Hotel, lih'.j
ACHKS OF LANlJ, lying near the railroad,
between Keetortown and Salem, adjoining other
land of said Carter, also the land- of .Jeffries. Utterback
and Win. Cocke. The -ame being )i
part of.the farm of said Carter, called "GrassIt
is a very dniirnblc farm, of compact form,
well wooded and watered, finely adapted Co
gra-s and the production of wheat and corn?in
ft good and healthy neighborhood, and not more
than two miles from the depot. Jt lias on it about
two injlca of stono louring.
Tim improvements consist of two LOGjca
DWELLINGS?onn new, a stable, mrn
house and. smoke house.
Terms: Hv direction of the partins interested,!
I am authorized to hoII this farm for one-third'
cash and tho residue on a credit of one, two,
three and four years. The deferred payment to
boarjatcrtsst frota day ot sul^. for which bonds
will be required, to be secured bv deed of tru-st
on the preruisee, and providing Air the payment
of the intorest on each deferred payment uniiuaily.
.JOHN A. (J ART Eli, Tru.st.-c.
I will convey such title as i? vost.-d in inc hs
trustee, but it i? regarded as unquestionable, and
besides the grantor will unito with me iu a deed
to the purchaser. J. A. C.
.Fauquier county, oct b?2awts
premises, are: wne-iouriu 01 mo pim-iiuae-mv> cy
in eush, or as mueli more us the purchaser
irmv desire to pay, ami the remainder iu 0, 12
ami IS months, in equal instalments, to btr secured
by the notes of the pure has or, hearing interest
from the day of sale, with security, to he
approved bv the trustee.
JOHN W. MITCHELL, Trustee.
Charles county, Md., oet'JT-eots
lly Greea it W ise,
Real Tv-Ute Agents and A uetioneera.
BY PHBLtC AlTCTrON-AVill he oflbred
to the highest bidder on the promises, on
THURSDAY, the 26th instant, at-3 o'clock- p.
in., tho desirable LOT and TENEMENT^*
situated on the N. W. corner of Prince und gH
Columbus streets, lately occupied by tbo subscriber.
Terms at sale,
octli-ls T. B. ROBERTSON.
r-y- The property above advertized, corner
Prineu and Columbus streets, in consoouonce of
weather, was not olferodi It will bo ollored on
TUESDAY morning ru st, the tflat of October,
at 10 o'clock, on tho promises. oct 26?:t.s
VALUABLE TRACT OP LAND-POK
SALE.?Under authority of the decree of
the Circuit Court of Fairfax county, Va., rendered
at its November term, 18G'J, in the suit of
Susan Allison, Guardian, vs. William Allison
et ah, tho subscriber, -as Commissioner of said
Court, will oiler for sale by public auction, to
the highest bidder,on WEDNESDAY, the iSth
day of November, 1S71, at the front door of the
Court House of said county, at 12 o'clock m.
TWO HUNDRED AND PI FTY ACRES OF
LAND ON THE POTOMAC, in said county,
near the mouth of the Oecoquau, being that purl
of the Sandy Point Farm, which, ill tho division
of it, was allotted to the widows and heirs of
John W. A1 li-'"?i, deceased.
Tor ins: One-third cash; tbo residue in two
equal instalments at six and twelve months from
tho day of sain, with interest; bonds of tho purchaser
to be given for the deferred payments,
and title retained us security for their payment.
Tho property, in the meanwhile, will bo for
sale by private cont ract, and if not thus so Id,
will be offered as above.
S. FERGUSON BEACH,
oct 11?dawts Commissioner.
goniffa km for SALK.--lvshall, on
jtY tho SIXTH DAY OF NOVEMBER, 1671,
otter for sale, before tloj Court House .door of
Fairfax county, t<> the highest bidder, that
TRACT OF LAND formerly the property qf
Rodin Hutchison, adjoining Silas Ilntehiiisorr
and others. This land has an abundance of
wood, is well watered, and susceptible of a high
state of cultivation, being of the red soil. Title
beyond dispute.
Terms easy, and made known on the day ot
-ale. .Mr. .Silas Hutch Lou will show this properlv
to those desiring to purchase.
MATTHEW HARRISON,
Executor of B. W. Harrison."
Fairfax eo., <>nt IS?wis
Ity Green A Wl?e,
[Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.]
C10.M.M ISSlOSERS' .SALE OF PltlNCE
/STREET PROPERTY. ?In execution of
a decree of the Circuit Court of Alexandria eo.,
'?nilat. November term. 186S, in tbo suit ot
ifitry King vs. John 11. Woostnr, the undersigned
will ylli-r fur at j.1:1?1 i.* nuctiyij, on.
S ATP "HI) AY, llie lltli day nf Nnvomber next,
III I'Jo elnek lil., ill t'l'illt tllf Malleioll llngac.,
iti tin' i.-ity nf A lexaudria, a LOT OF tIROUXT?
in t in! rity m|' Alexandria, witli the 'I'll UKKSTORY
BIIK'K IfOl'SK lln r. i.n, bounded a!?3
as follow?: IVginnijig l?i! lirt wi'st nf Union at.
iiinl Icet Jt) inches 31'Villi nl ITineu .street, and
running llmnce ninth with a line parallel tt?
ii i< >it ..treel, and binding npmi .an alley !?.?feet
It) i tic lies tn 1'ririfp street; thence along I'rinen
street 17 feel inelies theiico sontfi parallel tn
Cn.mi *t reel II I'eet 11 indies, inure Miles*; thuncc
we.-t parallel with J'rinee street. It? feet iindio*,
nmro or less: thoiiue s?>u(It parallel tn Union jg.
'JJ feet 4 inches, more nr less; ibenre \vi *1 paiallel
tn I'rinee street ti feet 4 inelies llienee nnrt li
parallel with Union street, f> feet lo inches to the
southern extremity <?fa iilm nf In.aid fence separating
the Inl from the. line the Inl eonveverl
by John U. Vnwnll tn Samuel II. Devnugim;
llienee alMig the said beard feneo and tho wooden
gale eon Ueeted with it, foot, 1 ineli tn tlie
beginning.
Terms: One third id' the pufehaso money in
cash, and the residue in two ei|inil instalments at
six and twelve iiimillis from tho day nf aale,
with interest; tho purclimier tn give hi-? bonds
I'm- the deferred instalments, and the title to be
retained until the pnridiasc inmiey is fully paid.
Stamp- and eonveyaiicing at the cost ut the
piireliam-r.
S. FK HUDSON BKACH.
\Y\ AK'J lilUlTA YLOK,
net ll'-euts Coniinissinners of Sale.
AIjA li(? K AND VA LU A JILK FARM, IN
FA I RFA X CO., X KA R TJIK CITY illALKX
ANURIA, FOR SA J,R My virtue nf a
decree of the Circuit Court for tho county ?t
Fairfiu, rendered in llie -int. id' Mason V?. ?Mii?
simi and others, the undersigned, euinmishioimrn,
i A. M
will .sell, i>h iS.ATl lil'A 1 llic I iui uay 01 aioveinber
next. :tt lli o'clock in., in front of tin*
Mansion House 11 it?;l, in tiMM'iU' ??f A Icxiuulriu,
tliat V A LIJ A RLE FAJlAl, in ilui county of
Fairfax, within a few miles of the city of Alexandria,
well known as tin* estate of tint lute Dr.
Jt. Allison. This desiruble fnrio contains 771
acres, 2 roods and 20 poles. The soil is fury fortile,
a portion of it being rich meadow land. Tim
farm is delightfully situated in an uvrftllelit
neighborhood, and adjoining "liuntloy" and
Other lands: in a high *lute of cultivation. Tim
farm has been divided into three tracts, and will
be sold as a wholo or subdivided to tuil purchasers.
Terms: One-fourth of the purchase money to
bo paid in cash, and the residue in three equal
iii-lalnieiits at I'd and 1* months, with interest
from the day of .sale the deferred iiayiimnts to
be seem*, d by the Holes of the purchaser, H&listiictorily
endorsed, and the title to be retained
until the piirchn.se,money is fully paid. Stamps
and conveyancing at the evpensoofthe purchaser.
li. CLATDtHTON,
AI. l>. BALL, Comrn'rv.
Fairfax eoOnty, net 'J-'JhwIh
C* tO .M AflSS I ONFK'S "SALE OFVALUA/
JJLK 11KA L ESTATE IN FAIRFAX
(BOUNTY. By virtue of a decree of the Circuit
Court of Fairfax county, pronounced 'at th if June
term, lWiy, in the suit of firmly'* administrator
vs. .lames .1. Love and others, the undocsigned,
eoiiunisMoiier, in said decree named,'*
will, on >J.<).N DAY, the Oth day of November,
1H7I, that being Circuit.(Uy, offer for *aU,
to the highest hidder, .before the door of the
t'oiirt Douse of Fairfax county, at 12 o'clock in.,
that valuable TRACT <?F LAND, lying on tho
C?rii11111L< \vTi r?tM?f, I mjutv*. aooiu i"urj
inili-- we-t of Vienna >t??fi'in, an.I on which MY.Sinktbdd
reside-, cofttainiMg-bX ACRK.S. Thla
land i? improved l?v a new KliAMR D VVKLLlNtr,
with other Luihlings has an abun-#ffft
dance of wooil, is lim-ly watered, aa<l tlm
Soil susceptible of ea-.y and rapid tmprot'ome'iiL.
Terms: One-tenth ??f the i.ur? ij&.-B monoy in
hand on the day of sale, Uublu fo' bti fofl7:it?;d
should the pun baa'U' I'ui! tp ebinplflli: lih-. jiurClowo;
tlUs residue "in three juui instalments,
payable at sir, twelve anil uijrhteenflionths, with*,
interest from the day of saly, to lie secured by<
the notes of the purchaser, and the tide to bo retained
until thiiliifst payment i* 'made. Stamps
and deed at the cost of the purchaser.
MATTliK \V HAJIJUSON, Com. of
t Fairfax county, s?*j? ti7-\vu?
QEKGJEA^fT'Cj SALK.--Jiy virturc ot an orO
dec iaatiod by. tiioi Oorppr.ition Court of tKn
City .of A lexarpir in, at the Jiilv term, 1H71, and
io nV? directed In the mum? of Samuel J'. Thompson
vs, John (J. McCr* Icon, I will sell atjaibRo:
auction in frontof thoprntiise* on Til U RSI*AY"
the '.ith day of November, 1H71, at j 'o'clock
1'. M., all the right, title and interest film same
being the fee simple estate subject to the Irfo interest
of las wife Mary McCraekori) of the said
John C. MeCrai ken, in tho HiifCJv '&G&
I>\V"KLLtNO and LOT. 'occupied by .ffijjL
i L'.M. Monroe, situated in the city of A lexauifria,
on the eivt side of Water -treel. between Ling
and Prince streets, to the highest bidder.
Terms caah. J. Al. STLL AKTj
oet 'J?oots Sergeant.
si