Sunday Edition. December 10.
subserviency of a veteran courtier. Mr. Robert
Fateman gave a careful yet quietly humorous imper
sonation of the First Gravedigger, and Miss Pateman
Was very acceptable as Ophelia. A slight staginess of
manner in this lady frequently mars what would
Otherwise boa most admirable performance. Of the
Other persons in the cast, we cannot speak favorably.
In consequence of “Julius Cesar” being underlined
for early production, Mr. Booth will only be able to
appear for a short time as Hamlet. Early advantage
of the present ought, therefore, to be
taken. We hope soon to see him in what we consider
his finest impersonation— Bertuccio, in the “Fool’s
Revenge.
Wallack’s Theatre.— At this theatre the
uprightly and fascinating drama of Rosedale” has
been drawing good houses during the past week,
the rapid approach of its final performance stimu
lating tbe public to increased attendance. Last
Eight the comedy of “The Jealous Wife” was
played, instead of “Rosedale/’ which was per
formed at the matinee, and to-morrow night will be
the last opportunity of seeing “Rosedale,” at least
for some time to come, as on Tuesday night a new
drama, entitled “John Garth,” from the pen of the
Veteran Mr. John Brougham, will be produced.
Ibis drama has been written by Mr. Brougham ex
pressly for Wallack’s, and as there is no one better
fitted to form a correct opinion of the merits of the
various Individuals of Mr. Wallack’s talented com
pany, it is but fair to presume that the cast will be
an admirable one. The following persons are en
gaged in the cast: Messrs. Lester Wallack, J.Gilbert,
C. Fisher, J. B. Polk, E. M. Holland; Miss Plessy
Mordaunt, Mrs. Clara Jennings, and Mrs. John Sef
ton. This drama will be produced with new music,
scenery, &c., all of which have been prepared ex
pressly with a view to the production of this play.
Fifth Avenue Theatre.—As may readily be
imagined, there will be no change of programme at
Mr. Daly’s charming little theatre during the pres
ent week. The success of “Divorce” does not ap
pear to be on the wane, as the theatre is well filled
every evening. To-morrow evening will be the one
hundredth time which Mr. Daly’s cleverly construct
ed, and admirably acted drama will have been pre
sented to tho New York public, and no more favora
ble criticism could be offered of its intrinsic merits
and attraction, than the simple announcement of its
being the “one hundredth representation.” With
Buch constant repetition one might very naturally
suppose the representatives of the various charac
ters would become tired by the monotony, and be
apt to render their parts without that care and at
tention which characterized 4 their earlier perform
ances; such, however, we are pleased to say, is not
tho case at the Fifth Avenue Theatre. Instead of
the slightest approach to carelessness or weariness
being apparent, each of the ladies and gentlemen
engaged in the cast appear to act as if the play were
quite new, and upon their individual exertions the
success of the piece rested. Such care and attention
on the part of the performers is undoubtedly the
keynote to the success of “Divorce.” Matinee per
formance as usual.
Olympic Theatre.—The juvenile population
of our great metropolis will doubtless learn with
pleasure that tho laughter-exciting, side-splitting
pantomime of “Humpty Dumpty” will be continued
during the holiday season, now so rapidly approach
ing. Although thousands of youngsters have doubt
less seen and laughed at the comical and grotesque
eccentricities of that paragon of clowns, Mr. G. L.
Fox, there are many who have not yet had the op
portunity, as their theatrical experiences are limited
to annual visits to the pantomime at Christmas.
These latter have, no doubt, been looking out in a
state of eager and delightful expectation to see their
nursery friend, Humpty Dumpty,” during the pe
riod of their annual theatrical carnival. In this re
spect they will, no doubt, be gratified, as there does
not appear to be the slightest appearance of an early
withdrawal of Humpty Dumpty” from the Olympic
boards. Crowded as the house has been nightly for
months, it will doubtless have its seating and stand
ing capacity severely tested during the next five or
six weeks to accommodate the extra influx of Christ
mas visitors. In addition to the numerous attrac
tions which have already been offered, Professor A.
Siegrist and his wonderful performing dogs will
make their appearance to-morrow night, as well as
the latest London sensation, The Seven Little Men
of the Mountain.” It is thus the management keep
continually adding to the attractiveness of this most
successful pantomime. Matinees on Wednesday and
Saturday.
Gband Ofeba House.—A very acceptable
dramatization of Dumas “Les Trois Mousquetaires,”
entitled “The Three Guardsmen,” has held the
boards of the Grand Opera House since our last
notice, and all who have read that exciting romance,
and witnessed its representation in a dramatic form,
must have been highly delighted. We can scarcely
Imagine a more suitable representative of the hero,
D* Artagnan, than Mr. Frank Mayo, the gentleman
engaged to sustain that character on the present
occasion. His dashing, easy manner was in excel
lent keeping with the character of the adventurous
young Gascon, and In appearance he was the very
realization oi Dumas’ hero. Moreover, he contrived
to throw into the impersonation an amount of humor
and spirit that had a most telling effect on the
audience. In the dramatization the veritabte three
musketeers have little or nothing to do. Athos was
acceptably represented by Mr. Joseph F. Wheelock,
and Porthos by Mr. C. W. Barry. Ar amis, in the
hands of Mr. Enos, would have been acceptable had
that gentleman taken a little more pains with his
make-up, but as it was he had colored himself to
such an extent, as to present quite a ridiculous ap
pearance. Mr. Hagan had but little to do as Roche
fort, but that little was done well. Mr. T. E. Morris
was announced to sustain the part of Cardinal
Richelieu, but for some unexplained reason did not
appear. In bis absence the character was entrusted
to Mr. W. H. Whalley, who succeeded in rendering
it thoroughly ridiculous. Mr. Whalley seemed to
labor under the idea that the celebrated French
statesman and cardinal was a melo-dramatic villain
Of the ordinary kind, and not a crafty intriguing
minister. Mr. W. H. Pope appeared to considerable
advantage as Louis XIII., and Mr. M. W. Fiske was
sufficiently humorous as Boniface. Miss Ada Gray
fully justified tbe favorable impression created by
her first appearance, in her rendering of Anne of
Austria, acting with dignity and grace, and securing
the sympathy of the spectators for the much per
scouted queen. Miss Emma Cline was, as she
always is, sprightly and graceful, as Constance, the
faithful maid of Anne, and imparted to the character
an importance which in other hands would have
been wanting. The play was very nicely put upon
the stage, and furnished one of the most pleasing
performances yet seen in this theatre. To-morrow
evening “The Streets of New York” will be pre
sented with all the sensational effects for which it is
famed. Mr. Mayo will give his celebrated perform
ance of Badger, and the other characters will be cast
In such a manner as to secure a successful repre
sentation. The fire scene will bo arranged in tho
most complete manner, and the general scenery as
perfect as is at all possible. Matinee od Saturday.
Wood's Museum.—The new play “Life in
tho Streets,” was successfully represented at Wood’s
every evening last week—the characters being ably
sustained by a strong company, with Miss Susan
Denin, Mr. J. B. Studley, and Mr. J. W. Albaugh, as
the principals. “The Sailor of France,” a pleasing
two-act melodrama, has also afforded satisfaction.
At the matinees, Dion Boucicault’s sensational Irish
drama, “Tho Colleen Bawn,” has received excellent
treatment This play, certainly one of tbe best of
the sensational school, appears to be as popular now
as on its first production nearly twelve years ago;
and whenever presented, seldom fails to attract large
audiences, who continually appear to appreciate
Boucicault’s admirable adaptation of Gerald Griffin’s
beautiful story. This week, another successful play
of Boucicault’s, The Streets of New York,” will bo
produced in very complete style, and be performed
both at the matinee and evening representations.
Susan Denin and Messrs. Studley and Albaugh will
appear in it, and the cast will be one of great strength.
The great fire scene, will be effectively represented,
and the other exciting pictures have every justice
done them. A dramatization of Charles Reade’s
“Terrible Temptation,” is underlined for early pro
duction, The museum department continues well
stocked, and contains many very interesting and cu
rious objects.
Mrs. F. B. Conway’s Brooklyn Theatre.
In no city or town in America is that most genial of
comedians, John Brougham, so universally admired
as in tho City of Churches, and it is not therefore
surprising that the announcement of his appearance
at Mrs. Conway’s theatre should be productive of
very great pleasure to the drama-loving citizens of
Brooklyn. On Monday evening he appeared in the
double light of actor and author, appearing in a dra
matic version of Charles Dickens’ “Our Mutual
Friend,” adapted by himself, under the title of
“Gold Duse,” and as both, was eminently successful.
From a tale containing so many incidents as usually
characterize those of Dickens, it is exceedingly difii
cult to construct a presentable drama, both charac
ters and incidents being too numerous for successful
representation on the stage, and it is only wnen un
dertaken by such experienced dramatists as Mr.
Brougham that the task is ever successfully accom
plished. Taking, therefore, only as many of the
characters as he deemed necessary, and cutting out
a great quantity of dialogue and matter that, however
charming in tho story, would be simply superfluous
in the drama, Mr. Brougham presents us with a five
act play, which, containing much of the best of Mr.
Dickens’ writing, and well-arranged, makes a very
charming stage representation, and the effect is of
course greatly hightened by his own impersonation
of Boffin, the golden dustman. Mr. Brougham ad
mirably realizes Dickens' creation of Boffin, and as
the suddenly enriched dustman, beaming with good
bum or and kindly desires toward every one, and
anxious to improve his mind by intercourse with the
f one-legged literary party,” Silas Wegg, (Mr. Lamb,)
actually impressed one with the idea that they were
in the presence of the veritable possessor of “Bof
fin’s Bower.” Mr. Lamb appeared to have formed a
most accurate conception of the “one-legged literary
party” Silas Wegg. He made up the part excellently,
and played with all his accustomed ability, deliver
ing the corrupted poetry in a style that caused much
hearty laughter. Mr. Roche played John Harmon in
that easy, polished style that is characteristic of his
Betina, and made the most possible of the character,
which in the play does not afford any great opportunity
for display. Mr. Chippendale was well suited as Mr.
Venus, and Mr. Loveday appeared to unusually great
advantage us Rogue Riderhood. His make-up and
acting were alike good. Mr. Kennedy was gentle
manly and effective as Eugene Wrayburn and Mr
John Mackay played Mortimer Lightwood in a quiet
telling manner, that was very pleasing. Mr R C*
White gave a very effective representation of Bradleu
■Headstone, and deserves credit for his clever render
ing of a character presenting great temptation for
extravagant acting. Miss Miqjiie Conway, whoso
every succeeding performance gives further promise
of her future success as a comedienne, was an ad
mirablo Bella Wilfer. The whims and caprices of
that eccentric young lady were portrayed with great
nicely, and her general bearing was natural and
pleasing. In the scene where John Harmon makes a
declaration of his affection for her, her acting wa j
life-like to an extent seldom seen on the stage, and
In the other jxjrtions of the play she was no less suc
cessful. TAiss Ella Burns played Lizzie Hexham with
treat fee ing, and throughout the play evinced a
thorough knowledge of the character. One of tho
principal charms of this young lady’s acting is the
&uiet, subdued manner In which she can express in
mse emotion under any circumstances, seldom or
ever overacting in any part entrusted to her. Mrs.
Farren played the majestic Mrs. Wilfer with the suc
cess that usallv attends her efforts, and Mrs. W. 11.
Leighton was pleasing and natural as Mrs. Boilin
The play had every justice done it in the way or
beautiful scenery and appointments, and a word of
Commendation is due Mr. Peterschen for the tast'
displayed in the selection and rendering of the inci
dental music.
During the present week, Mr. Brougham will ap
pear in a number of favorite characters, and the
following plays will be produced; Mr. Brougham’s
own comedy, Playing with Fire,” and his adapta
tions, “Dombey and Son,” and “David Copper
field.” Also, Mr. Brougham’s burlesque, “Shy
look,” Bayle Bernard’s glorious farce, “His Last
Legs/’aud the amusing comedy, “The Gentlem.a
from Ireland.” Ladies’ matinee on Saturday,
St. James Theatre.—This elegant and pop
ular theatre will be occupied during the prese.it
■week by the celebrated Thorpe brothers, who claim
the power to perform feats that certainly appear
wonderful and superhuman to the uninformed.
These gifted gentlemen undertake to alleviate pai.s
la the most extraorninary manner, and assert that
they can cause the lame to walk, tho deaf to hear,
Ue blind to see, tod tbe dumb to aoeak. Should
they succeed in accomplishing a single one of tho
difficult tasks herein enumerated, their performance
will be more than wonderful. As if to increase our
astonishment, one of tho brothers, Dr. Thorpe,- as
serts bis ability to perform these feats while himself
fastened in wood and iron stocks. Should their
opening seances at all justify their promises, tho
Thorpes are likely to completely outvie the Daven
ports. Curiosity will probably prompt large num*
hers to visit the St. James Theatre during their
stay.
Bowery Theatre.—“ A Terrible Tempta
tion,” a dramatization of Charles Reade’s novel of
the same name, was produced at this theatre on last
Monday evening, and after a tame run of three nights,
was withdrawn? Tho plot of the novel is of such a
disgusting character, and the handling of it so
coarse, that no dramatist could posslbly succeed in
framing a play from it to which respectable people
could listen with pleasure. The dramatist and the
actors did their utmost to smooth down the coarser
parts of tho story, but the objectionable features
could not be entirely hidden. Although the play was
not hissed from the stage, tho audience showed their
disapprobation by refusing to applaud their favor
ites, even when they acted most excellently. We
pitied the actors who were cast in a play so uncon
genial to their tastes, and its withdrawal at the ear
liest possible time is creditable to the nianager, who
was most likely unaware of its character when it
was produced. We predict that “A Terrible Tempta
tion” will never meet with success on the boards of
any New York theatre.
On Thursday evening “A Soldier’s Progress” was
played to a large and appreciative audience. The
principal characters were sustained by Messrs. Mar
den, Winter, France, and Foster, and by Mrs. W. G.
Jones, Miss Millie Sackett, and Mrs. E. B. Holmes.
They all acted well. Tne same evening “Six De
grees of Crime” was also played, Mr. Marden giving
a forcible representation of the character of Julio
Dormilly, which that old Chatham favorite, J. Hud
son Kirby, rendered so famous. Mr. Marden was
well supported by Mr. J. Winter, who sustained the
part of Michael, the Black Priest, and by Mrs. W. G.
Jones, who gave a very interesting and pleasing
rendition of Louise. Taking into consideration the
short notice at which these dramas weie placed on
the stage, they were exceedingly well performed and
finely mounted.
On Monday evening Miss Lucy Rushton appears in
her specialty of Rachel Herman, in the drama en
titled “Red Hands.” Miss Rushton is a forcible
actress, and a very beautiful woman. She is likely
to become at once a favorite with the patrons of the
Bowery, who are never slow in acknowledging
merit.
New York Circus. Uninfluenced by the
fact that his present company is one of the largest
and most talented yet seen in this country, Mr.
Lent continues to add to it, and seems determined
to make his one in every particular the very per
fection of circus entertainments. Nearly every week
witnesses as many new arrivals as would in them
selves constitute an ordinary circus company, and
none of them othor than the best that can be pro
cured. To-morrow evening the wonderful battoule
leaper and equestrian, William Dutton, whoso grace
ful and daring feats were so much admired last sea
son will return, and again undertake his thrilling
performances for the benefit of Mr. Lent’s patrons.
Mr. C. W. Fish, the daring bare backed rider, Miss
Lucy Watson. Miss Lizzie Keyes, and the remainder
of tne splendid company will appear in their great
scones. Matinees every Wednesday and Saturday.
Union Square Theatre.—Mr. William Ash
croft was the only new arrival last week, and being a
thoroughly established favorite at this house was
very warmly received. He appeared in his great
scene, “The Lively Moke,” in which he danced,
sung, and played on a number of musical instru
ments in a very entertaining manner. The Matthews
family appear to increase in popularity, being re
ceived on every appearance with unbounded ap
plause, and Mr. Gus Williams in his Dutch specialties
is much appreciated. Wambold has introduced a
new song, descriptive of the career of some “Merry
Little Frogs,” and also sings a rhyme suggestive of
how things will be in 1972. which is very amusing.
Mlle. Geraldine and George Leopold continue to
excite admiration by their daring high trapeze per
formance, and Bonfanti (harms innumerable hearts
by her eqxuisite dancing in the ballet, The Beauties
of the Rainbow.” Hughey Dougherty danced his
comio essence, and also a burlesque operatic dance,
and assisted in tho sketches of “Going to the
Races,” and. “The Coal Heaver’s Revenge,” in
which Mr. George H. Coes, Lew Rattler, Johnny De
Angelis, J. F. Wambold, and Charles and Harry
Raynor assisted. The comic ballet “Nicodemus,”
with R. M. Butcher, concluded the entertainment
each evening. To-morrow evening Signor Vayo,
said to be a wonderful Imitator of birds, animals,
etc., will make his first appearance, and the ever
popular Fred Foster character vocalist will return.
Tne programme is changed nightly at the Union
Square theatta, go that one need never fear of having
to witness the same entertainment a second time.
Matinee Wednesday and Saturday.
A Circus Company at the Globe Theatre.
—Mr. James M. Nixon, the famous circus manager
and equestrian caterer, whose success at Nibio’s
Garden is still fresh in the uilnds of many, has suc
ceeded in obtaining the building known as the Globe
Theatre, which, after subjecting it to important alter
ations, he purposes opening to-morrow evening
week as a first-class circus. Mr. Nixon’s well-known
ability as a manager will, with all who know him, be
sufficient guarantee of the excellence of arrange
ments that will characterize the new es'ablishmeut.
A large company of riders, vaulters, &c., &c., has
been engaged, and the stud of horses, selected prin
cipally from the Southern circuses, will include many
fine animals. The circus building will be rendered
as warm and comfortable as possible, and Mr. Nixon
will strive to at least deserve success.
Theatre Comique.—Little change wag found
necessary in the company at this theatre last week,
the artists already engaged being all favorites, and
their performances acceptable to the patrons at tho
Comique; but several new features were successfully
introduced into the programme. “A Fisherman’s
Luck,” with Johnny Wild as Isaac Walton, and
Charley White as Tom Tackle, was the opening
sketch, and proved very amusing. James Clark sang
an Irish song with much quiet humor, and received
a hearty encore. Delehanty and Hengler sang and
danced with all their accustomed ability, and intro
duced their laughable burlesque imitations. Polly
Daly, a dashing serio-comic artiste, rendered several
popular melodies very nicely, and appeared to be
thoroughly appreciated. “A Squire for a Day,” with
Johnny Wild as the Squire, kept the audience amused
for some time longer; and then Jennie Hughes, who
is always favorably received, sang a number of her
most pleasing melodies. George Warren performed
a banjo solo and sang several comic songs success
fully, and Mr. W. H. Munroe appeared in his mystic
changes, which were very cleverly effected. Anew
sensational drama, entitled “The New York Milk
man,” in which vice, of course, is vanquished, and
virtue, victorious, concluded the bill. Josh Hart
portrayed the character of Israel Putnam Pickles, the
New York Milkman, in a satisfactory manner.
To-morrow evening, the wonderful Sylvester and
Miss Angelina Schott, illusionists, will make their
first appearance, in an entirely new and novel enter
tainment. Miss Ada Wray, the admired banjo solo
ist and vocalist, will return, as will also Master Mar
tin, song and dance artiste, and Kitty O’Neil, the
accomplished jig dancer, lhe favorite local drama,
“Who Stole the Monkey,” will also be produced,
with Josh Hart, Johnny Wild, Larry Tooley, James
Clark, Ada Wray, Jennie Hughes, and Kitty' Tilstono
in important characters. Matinees Wednesday and
Saturday.
P. T. Barnum’s Circus.—As ths season at
Barnum’s great exhibition rapidly approaches a ter
mination, tho numbers who flock to witness his groat
collection become daily greater and greater, and tho
enterprising proprietor, anxious to prove himself
fully worthy of public support, has taken measures
to render the Rink, where his establishment is lo
cated, as comfortable and attractive as possible. For
this purpose he has provided it with a heating ap
paratus, consisting of fully two miles of hot-water
pipes, so arranged as to make tbe huge building
warm and agreeable; and the result is that the great
show is now one of tho most agreeable places of en
tertainment [during tho cold weather that can be
imagined. To the circus company have lately been
added Messrs. John Henry, and Harry Welby Cooke,
two of the most accomplished horsemen yet seen in
America. For years back the Cooke family have
been celebrated in England as circus performers of
great talent, and the gentlemen named are lively to
extend their fame to this country in no measured
degree. The other performers are acknowledged to
be unrivaled in their various specialties, and the
programmes are always tastefully and pleasingly ar
ranged. Among the collection of natural curiosities,
none attract more attention than the sea-lions, of
which Mr. Barnum possesses such fine specimens.
Ho is the first and only manager in America who
ever conceived the project of introducing these re
markable animals as objects of exhibition. Tho dis
tance of transportation, the difficult-yin capturing,
the expense and trouble of attending them—being
provided always with immense water tanks—not only
render the project a hazardous one, but invest the
animals with a double interest, as extremely rare
and curious specimens of tho most uncommon of the
phocine tribe. There are half a dozen different va
rieties of these animals on exhibition at the Rink.
The largest weighs about 900 pounds, and consumes
about 100 pounds of fresh fish every day. No speci
mens in the zoological garden are viewed with more
absorbing interest by the thousands who flock to the
Rink, daily, than this wondetful group of marine
monsters. Animals of every description are also to
bo seen at Barnum’s, and an opportunity such as
can seldom be enjoyed, of studying the animal crea
tion, is there presented. The combination can now
remain for only a few days longer, and no one should
fail to visit the Rink during its slay. Performances
every day at 2 and 8 P. M., the establishment being
open from 11 A. M. until 10 P. M.
Thirty-fourth Street Theatre.—The new
theatre in Thirty-fourth street appears to have at
once become a thoroughly established place of
amusement, and the manager, Mr. W. W. Smith, is
doing everything In his power to deserve support.
The artistes constituting the company are mostly
popular favorites, several of them being stars of con
siderable brilliancy in the varieties profession. Miss
Annie Hindle’s male impersonations are among the
more noticeable of the performances, her costumes
being handsome, and the changes effected with won
derful rapidity. Lizette Barnard plays character
parts in various sketches very nicely, and Sam De
vere and other comedians retained in the establish
ment, succesfully endeavor to give satisfaction.
Mad. Nella’s banjo performances are among the most
pleasing features on tho bill, and that lady has cre
ated a very favorable impression at the new theatre.
This week no less than eleven first-class perlormers
will be added to the company, and a variety of at
tractive features presented. Matinee Wednesday and
Saturday.
Harry Hill’s Varieties Theatre.—At this
establishment a grand extra matinee will be given on
Thursday next, for the benefit of the well-known pu
gilists, Billy Edwards and Tim Collins, both of whom
will apear in ring costume, and give a grand display.
It will be remembered that while the the two cham
pion flzzlers, Mace and Coburn, were permitted to
fight without interruption on the part of our local
authorities, these men, who had at least pluck
enough to fight in earnest, were arrested, and sub
jected to what many deemed an unnecessary, lengthy,
and severe punishment. Their friends now propose,
by extending to them their sympathy and assistance,
to somewhat comijensate them for the harsh treat
ment they then underwent, and hence the present
benefit. The Arab troupe, and a number of other
performers, have volunteered their assistance, and a
very attractive matinee will probably be that of
Thursday at Harry Hill's.
SCRAPS MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.
The Wyndham Comedy Company have just
concluded a highly successful engagement at the Michi
gan Avenue Theatre (lormerly btandard Hall), Ca)ca>o.
The critics of that city speak in very high terms ot Mr.
John Parsalle, one of the best actors that has yet come
to this country from England. Writing of his imper
sonation of Bunnythorne in Robertson’s comedy, “Pro
gress” the Tribune says: “Perhaps the most striking
and prominent role in the piece—because tho broadest
:n its conception and the most; original and eccentric—
is that of Bunnythorne, which, it is said, was created
with espeoial reference to Mr. John Parsello, the pres
ent representative thereof in the Wyndham company.
I: is not difficult to believe this is true, for a moro abso
lute identification of individual with character it would
be difficult to conceive. There is no such person as Par
asite on the stage, out there is a respectable, fat. red
uced, opinionated, irascible old party by the name of
Bunnythorne, whom, atone moment, you fully expect to
see hit somebody with his ponderous fist, and then
i I you are morally certain that he is going off into a fit of
apoplexy. It is the highest order of facile expression
f d.hat does it ell—so perfect and artistic that one forgets
&hat it is acting which he sees.”
f .Signor Tamborlik, tho groat Russian tenor,
f ft brilliantly successful and lengthened tour in
r SoutV America, has reached Havana, where he is now
tho remnant star of the Italian Opera. We remember
the fnitfre he created at The Royal Italian Opera, Lon
don, son-e years fince, and the fierce rivalry that existed
between ihim_ and Mario, when both were in the full
srpnith of their powers and popularity. "Wo hear Signor
Tamberiik*Js voice is still in eplendid preservation, and
we hope, as .he is now within Buch easy reach of us, that
ere long we Akiall haver the pleasure of hearing him in
New York.
Miss Adele, a promising young lyric ar
tist, who made her appearance at the St. James’ Thea
tre, in the burlesque of •‘Bacchus’’’'created quite a sen
sation' Iby her very careful and pleasing singing of tho
music allotted to her. She has a very good voice, whioh
with practice and proper tuition may raise h«r to a very
high position in her profession.
Miss Kellogg’s Opera Company for San
Francisco Has now been organized. With the exception
of tho prim a donna herself, the contralto, Murensr,. and
the conductor, Nicolos, the artists are unknown- to
fame. Miss Kellogg has closed one contract for SIB/J6O
gold to sing twenty nights.
It is stated’ that Sardou’s “Lg Roi Garotte”
is to be brought out in a magnificent manner in Parie,
SBO,OOO having been laid out m scenery and.dresses.
Mdlle. Hisson is to fill the principal role in the specta
cle. Mdlle. Theresa and forty clowns are engaged.
The Academy of Music, Cleveland, was oc
cupied on Monday and Tuesday evenings by the Lydia
Thompson troupe, who done good business. During
the remainder of the week Mrs. Lander appeared in
several of her favorite characters.
Mlle. Pauline Canissa is meeting with great
success m her concert tour with Herr Waohtel. A t th©'
concert in Albany she sang “Angels Ever'Bright and
Fair,” with such marked excellence, as to be recalled
three times on its conclusion.
Mademoiselle Fontainbleau, the female fly,
has been walking head downward on the ceiling'at the
Pittsburgh Varieties—a feat never before accomplished
by a woman.
The management of the Boston Museum lias
in preparation Byron’s latent new play, entitled Part
ners for Life,” which is now having great success in
London.
Mlle. Morlacchi has returned to her home in
Boston, after having concluded n very successfur en
gagement at the Holliday Street Theatre, Baltimore.
The Chapman Sisters, Blanche and Ella,
and E. A. Locke, commenced an engagement at the
Tremont Opera House, Galveston, Texas. Nov. 13,
A new play entitled Coals of Fire,” by H.
T. Craven, euthor of Meg’s Diversion,” has been pro
duced at the Court Theatre, London, Eng.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Florence open at Mrs.
John Drew’s Arch street Theatre, Philadelphia, in
“Eileen Ogo,” to-morrqjv evening.
Miss Jane Coombs, Mr. Frederic Robinson,
and a powerful dramatic company, open at Library Hall,
Pittsburg, on Monday, 18th inst.
Miss Henrietta Osborne has been engaged
as loading lady at the Metropolitan Theatre, San Fran
cisco, and has left for that city.
Mlle. Bertha, the fascinating danseuse, late
of Union Square Theatre, is at Fox’s American Varie
ties, iPhiladelphia.
Sothern goes to the Walnut street Theatre,
Philadelphia, at the conclusion of his Now York en
gagement.
The band of the Ninth Regiment gave a grand
concert in the Academy of Music, Boston, last Wed
nesday.
Robert Fraser’s Minstrel and Pantomime
Troupe are at the Academy of Music, Pittsburg.
A Philadelphia manager announces “Tom
Taylors semi-sensational drama, “Caste.”
Mrs. John Wood and company are at the
New Gaiety Theatre, Dublin, Ireland.
The Hanlon Brothers are on their way from
Cadiz to Havana and South America.
The Dolby Ballad Company sang in Balti
more on Wednesday and Thursday last.
Madame Janauscbek and company were at
the Pittsburg Obera House last week.
Mr. Canning, formerly Manager of the Pitts
burgh Opera House, is in Buffalo.
Miss Anna Mehlig will soon give a series of
piano-forte concerts m Boston.
Byron has written a new play for Sothern, to
be produced in this country.
Charles Matthews was at the Academy of
Music, Cleveland, last week.
James Melville and family will join Barnum’s
Combination next season.
Mr. F. S. Chanfrau recently met with a seri
ous accident in California.
Maggio Mitchell played to good houses in
Baltimore last week.
Miss Cushman played Meg Merrilea in Bos
ton, last week.
The Georgia Minstrels were at Pittsburgh
J&st week.
James Bonnett is playing in the English
provinces.
Sarji Devore is at the Front Street Theatre
Comique.
The Abbott Pantomime Compay are in New
Orleans.
Wachtel sang in Cleveland on Thursday and
Friday.
Mrs. D. P. Bowers is in Now Orleans.
W gMiee glaehine.
HUMORS OF THE POLICE.,
SALTED DOWN.
There were two charges against Lane, of the
Twenty-seventh Precinot, both proven, and for borh
of which he was fined—one throe and.the other five
days’ pay. The charge on which he was fined five
days was being in the liquor store, No., 73 Courtlandt
street, when he should have beon on post. He
denied being in the store. Roundsman Hasson was
seventy-five feet off, when Lano entered the store,
and when he got in front of the store the officer
stood six or seven feet inside. Hasson went to tho
store and asked him what ho was doing in there, and
he said getting a cigar, adding, there it is,” holding
it up. In the face of this positive testimony he
swore he was not in the saloon. He said: I was on
post, and a man asked ma to have a drink. I said
no. He said he was going down to have a stew and
pay for a cigar for me. When I cot relieved I asked
the man if a cigar had been left for me. He said
yes, here it is. I put one foot in the store and took
tho cigar.
That must have been, a long roach,” remarked
Commissioner Bosworth.
The second charge was sitting on a bale of hay.
Roundsman Hasson said he was sitting square on
the bale, and his feet did not touch the ground.
Lane swore that he was leaning against tho bale and
his feet on the ground. Lane’s hard swearing did
not save him, being fined $26. making his total fines
for this year of grace 1871, $52.
A HIGH-HANDED OUTRAGE.
Charles Eulor, a newsdealer, last Tuesday morn
ing, was running up the Seventh avenue, along side
of his team, to keep warm. He is employed by tho
news stands to deliver the morning papers. While
running, a dog came out barking, and snapped at
his heels. Euler turned round and made a kick at
the dog. As soon as he did that, Officer McKonzie
ran over as he was about to kick at it again, and
threw him back by a slap on the neck with his arm,
saying, “You young cur, I will learn you better than
to kick a dog.” Euler said ho would get his number,
but as he made that remark, McKenzie took him by
the neck and said: “I will arrest you on a charge of
kicking that dog.” This was half past five in the
morning, when he was taken to the station-house,
then to court, where he was held till a quarter past
ten, before the justice could hear the case. Tbe
officer’s story was so ridiculous, “cruelty to ani
mals,” kicking at a cur that was trying to bite the
boy, the magistrate immediately dismissed the
charge. It was a high handed outrage, aside from the
injustice of the arrest, as all the papers in his wagon
became a dead loss. The case was referred to the
Board.
A MAN THAT FIXED HIS OWN THANKSGIVING.
Policeman Joseph McKeown, of the Twelfth Pre
cinct, should make application for the position of
United Slates Attorney General. Ho ts the greatest
born lawyer ever heard of. not even barring the cel
ebrated Dan O’Connell. He even exceeds the great
liberator, so far as sense and cents are concerned.
Dan carried the cents of Ireland in his pocket; po
liceman McKeown carries Harlem in the x same
breeches depository. Joseph was up last week
charged with being absent from return roll call, at 6
in the morning, Friday, the first of December. With
a triumphant flourish of his hand, he waved up be
fore him Mr. Morris Kellar, the millionaire con
tractor on the Boulevards. Mr. Kellar said there
wur a muss up his way, and a gal called him to run
for an officer. He run and he run eight blocks, and
he found Mr. McKeown, and took him from his post
back to where the belligerents had been. But when
they got there, the “mussers” were no-where. They
heard of Joe’s coming, and scampered, some to the
east, others to the west, and the remainder into their
“native heath.” Misther Contractor Kellar was
asked by Commissioner Bosworth to give the time
and the date that he made a requisition on Mr.
McKeown. He said, promptly, the morning aft.-r
Thanksgiving.
“When was Thanksgiving?” asked the Commis
sioner.
“Tuesday,” promptly answered the Boulevard
contractor.
“Are you sure Thanksgiving was on a Tuesday
Sure, sir, as much as 1 know I had a mother.”
In referring the case to the Board, the Commis
sioner remarked that Mr. McKeown was very unfor
tunate in the selection of his witnesses. Joe, as he
retired, said he could not help it, there were things
beyond the control of the best of us. It is a certain
fact that that contractor didu’i have a Turkey on last
Thanksgiving, or he wouldn’t put Tuesday down
for a Thursday.
NEWS TO CAPTAIN LEARY.
Herner, of the Twenty-first Precinct, could not be
found on his post for over an hour by the rounds
man. His post was Fourth avenue, from Twenty
seventh to Forty-second street. On that post there
is a tunnel, commencing at Thirty-fourth street, and
ending at Fortieth street. To meet the incoming
trains, hack runners, hotel runners, steamboat run
ners, and thieves enter and board the train. Herner
claimed that when he could not be found, he was in
this tunnel. Between four and five in tho morning,
he said, there is an express tram due, and these run
ners go up the tunnel, and men get robbed and
ki.led. Captain Leary said it was news to him that
peop e were being robbed and killed in the tunnel.
It was aso news to the reporters. Herner was fined
five days.
THE COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON.
Nicho as Duggan, oi the Twenty-seventh Precinct,
couldn’t bo found irom twenty-five minutes to seven
till one minute of seven by the roundsman. Duggan
proved by three witnesses that they could see him
when tho roundsman couldn’t. Two pretty sisters,
named Mary and Sarah O’Donnell, who have to be
at. work at Sixtieth street by seven in the morning,
said they met the officer that morning at Thirty
eighth street, at twenty-five minutes to seven. He
said: “Good morning, girls,” and saluted them.
They returned tho gallantry of the officer by saluting
Him with a maiden snow-b *ll of the year. Duggan’s
case will undou’ tedly be dismissed, as ho proved
that he was doing duty, although Roundsman Ryan
could not see him.
SEVERE DISCIPLINE.
Sergeant L'nsdale, of the Twenty-seven th Pre
cinct, went over the post of McManus five or sfc
times. His post was Cedar street, from Broadway
to West street, a straight post. McManus said there
was a muss in No. 124 Cedar street, created by so r.e
Russian sailors. Ho was called in there by the i;•
prietor to quell a disturbance. He admitted to be n
there twenty-five or thirty minutes, and came out
without making an arrest. Tho sergeant must have
pas-.ed this house Haifa dozsn times, and be heard
nothing ot the noise or disturbance. Tho defence
was considered lame, as the C >mmis3ioners fined
him fiva days.
CURIOUS CONDUCT OF A ROUNDSMAN.
Roundsman Rovuolds. of tho Twelfth Precinct,
NEW YORK DISPATCH.
took ft strange way to get up s complaiM against of
ficer Michaels. The roundsman' charged that o»e
Thomas Nugent lay dead drunk- on thfifskle wa’fc
from twenty-five minutes past six'till severs o'clock,
and Michaels did not pick him up‘ till tho rounds
man called his attention to him aflhough h'J had
passed him four times. Michaels cbula only saj
that he did not see him. But what of the rourAte
&san He allows a drunken manto Be thirty-fi 4
minutes on the ground to be frozen to dsath, whois
he ®ould have ostled the officer’s attention'to him off
the first passing. Had that man been packed up
frozen, which of the two officers would have be«n
morally guilty of homicide, the one that saw him
laying'asleep, or tbenlan that did not see him? The
case wa? referred, bfft the fine imposed on tlte offi
cer whc’was blind, should steo be meted out to tho
roundsman that did see, and let the man lie
MORIARTY’S- OFFENDING.
Mr. Charles Burroughs,, hatter, residing at
49 Third avenue, has been very unfortunate at tbe
hands of the dangerous ctesses. Recently they en
tered his houce and cleaned-it ouf of $400; later they
plastered a ccUnterfeit bill on- him, but that follow
he nabbed; anebon the 29th of last month four roughs
attacked and knocked down hiS'Wife at the corner of
Third avenue, and robbed her of $23. He was wit
ness to the transaction, and gave ohase to the thieves,
and while on the run he met Officer Moriarty, of the
Seventeenth PreciiiOt, and asked him to join in the
chase. But hp ran so like a sleepy head that the
thieves effected thol? escape in a packing house on
the First avenue. If Moriarty is fined for being a
slow coaob, then new rules will have to be adopted
by applican ts for the police. The rules- now require
that a man shall be not over thirty years of ago, not
less than flvo feet seven, nor weigh less- than 1351b5,
in addition to that, according to Mr. Burroughs ap
plicants, should get a certificate from some sporting
editor that they can travel at a certain speed on their
pins. But to bo serious on the subject, £uch certifi
cate would not amount to much. A-rejected appli
cant for the police last week, who in answer to the
written question if ho had the piles, wrote; I never
took a pill in my life.” Certificates of speed from
sporting editors would be very much- like the re
jected answer on piles.
ARISTOCRATIC PANEL HOUSES IN
TWENTY-SEVENTH STREET.
The Mode In Which Robberies
Are Committed.
THE LADY IN RED TIGHTS.
WEEDING THE LEATHER OF
A SUC!<ER.
Revolvitsg Flower-Stands and
Descending Sofas.
A RICH OF A PHASE OF ISEW
fOIIS. LiFE.
The United States has a great reputation through
out the world for new inventions, many of which are
exceedingly valuable, and have producedrevolutions
in the scientific and mechanical appliances of the
age. This is all very well, and is highly creditable
to the inventive genius of our people. There are
some inventions, however, which are not so credit
able, one of which is
BADGER PULLING.
This artistic and mechanical invention, like every
other machine in its first crude operations, was sus
ceptible of groat improvement. In the past two
years it- has been improved to absolute perfection.
The best mechanical genius, and the finest artistic
elaboration of detail, have been brought to bear in
getting tho machine into its present condition. It
now works perfectly—no noise, no trouble, nor
anxiety is felt by those who manipulate it.
The writer of this was let into the secrets of its
operations by a man who is thoroughly posted on
the subject. Ho proposes, through the readers of
the New Yobk Dispatch, to let the world know what
these wonderful improvements are. Many highly
respectable gentlemen, living in this city and else
where, will for the first time be made acquainted
with the modus operandi by which they wore relieved
of their money. Others, of the
FAST MEN ABOUT TOWN
stamp, gamblers and sharps of high degree—men
who are supposed to be “fly” to every “new dodge
going”—will also have their eyes opened to things
they never dreamed of.
In the years past, establishments known as panel
houses wore “all the go;” but they belong, reckon
ing according to the advancements of this fast age,
to mediaeval times. Such dodges as
BLACKMAILING A SUCKER
by the return of the pretended husband, who knocks
at the door of the room where tho guilty parties are
confined, is also “played out.” Men are now ac
quainted with these tricks, and “won’t have it.”
Old granny papers, who, in showing up the insti
tution,” gravely give tho details of the workings of
panel thieves as if they were a new thing, only pro
voke tho smiles of “tho gang,” who say that “tho
exposures would have done very well ten years ago;
but now, thoy are entirely out of place, and won’t go
down.”
THE LATEST STYLE OF BADGER HOUSES.
Below is a description ot how “the latest improve
ments” work, which maybe relied upon for accuiaoy
in every respect.
The wxiter will first give a description of the best
conducted establishment of the kind in the world.
It is located on Twenty-seventh street, and has beon
in operation two years. The managers—-there are
two of them, a man and a woman—boast of having
cleared two hundred thousand dollars in that time in
tbe place.
The house is an elegant brown stone front and
bears the external evidence of the residence of an
opulent banker or merchant, who had selected the
locality for Its exclusiveness, and quiet,, aristocratic
neighborhood. There are perennial creepers which
have attached their adhering fingers to the surface
oi the stones clear up to the third: story. The low
iron fence, and gras-plot in front, are in the best con
dition. The broad, white marble steps loading to
the front door are suggestive of the comforts and
luxuries within. The silver bell-pull is shiningly
bright. The reflection of light from the fires in the
English basement below, give evidence of every home
comfort that man has yet succeeded in producing.
THE OCCUPANTS OF THIS HOUSE,
beside tho servants, are a woman, the ostensible head
of the establishment, and four young girls. The
“Madame,” as she is .usually called, is in the meri
dian of life, handsome, and accomplished in all the
arts which make up the acquired attractions of a gay
woman of the world of fashion. She is the daughter
ot a well-known Boston physician, and was educated
up to the highest standard of mental and physical
development which tho New England female semin
aries could confer. The four young girls are fresh
faced, beautiful misses of fifteen or sixteen years of
age. They wore selected with great care by the
Madame, not only for their good looks, but for their
intelligence and sharpness of mental aptitude for the
business.
When the house first opened, it was their duty in
their strolls and walks down to carry bundles of
school nooks under their arms, so as tomake it appear
that they were school girls. They would enter a
store or office on the pretense of purchasing some
trifle, or obtain some imaginary address; and by
their arts and dissimulations gel some gentleman
stuck” on them, when they would givo their cards
and immediately pass out, to do the came thing at
another place. At the present time the run of cus
tom is so largo that there is no necessity for the
practicing of these little deceptive arts.
SECRETS OF A BADGER HOUSE.
We will now let o.ur readers into the secret of the
means by which their victims are “bled.”
In the house above described there is one room on
the second floor which has been fitted up expressly
with the latest improvements in the art of “Pulling
the badger.” It is handsomely furnished in the
latest and most sumptuous style ot modern uphol
stery. The carpets are of the softest plush velvet,
so that a foot-fall cannot be heard. Tho door at
which you enter, is apparently the only means of
ingress into the room. On the opposite side of the
room from the door the exquisitely papered wall
seem to be smooth and solid. There are handsome
pictures hung against it. Near the centre, and
against the wall, is a beautiful flower-stand filled
with fragrant flowers. Near by is a stand upon
which rests a large globe filled with golden carp.
Above it is suspended a bird-cage, in which a canary
is chirping its sweetest songs.
A gentleman accompanies into this bower, fit for a
queen to occupy, one of the fair and gushing young
misses referred to. While the couple are indulging
in the blandishments of love,
THE FLOWER STAND SUDDENLY MOVES,
without making the slightest noise, and, behold I a
portion of the wall to which it is attached opens,
and the Madame, who has just done the honors of
receiving the gentlemen in the parlor below, with
so much dignified grace, enters the apartment as
noiseless as a spirit. She is not dressed in her re
gal robe of purple uncut velvet, with its train a
yard long, which she wore a few moments before,
but she has now on nothing more than
CLOSE-FITTING RED TIGHTS,
which cover her person entirely, from her neck to
her heels, so as to avoid any rustling noise. She
glides softly in; the gentleman has his attention
completely absorbed with love’s dalliances; she lays
her hands upon his pocket-book, opens it, and ex
tracts a portion of the money in it, returns the
pocket book to its place, retires from the room the
same way she came in, closing the secret door after
her; the vases of flowers emit their perfume as fra
grant as ever, the canary bird sings, and the gold
fish swim lazily about—nothing has been disturbed
sivo the man’s money. The question may be asked:
WHY DID SHE NOT TAKE THE WHOLE OF IT?
In that very question lies one of the chief secrets of
th© success of the establishment. In the slang lan
guage of the fraternity, the Madame only weeds
his leather”—she has taken perhaps twenty, forty,
a hundred dollars, or more. He does not discover
tho loss of a portion of his money until some time
after. Where ha has lost it ha cannot conjecture.
If the suspicion should enter his mii?£ that he lost
his nSoney at the Kladame’s, ho casts xz7 away, be
cause* he is certain >hat no one entered She room
While he 1 Wag in it, for closed and locked tiV door
I&tnsclL Beside, if the £>anol game, of which Whas
heard, woi3' flayed on hi>2,- they Would have taiien
his money, pocket-book a:?-U afl, ha thinks. The
girl n’sver left his side for a ffioment- It could not
have her.< No, he couldftfi have lost his money
shere. that way suspicion L* cast away from the
and the Madame bears va excellent reputa
tion (in hemline of business) for Xibnesty &ad splen
dor 'M entertainment. There is
ANOTHER CfOUSE UP
where'the business is'conducted in a
ner, wish the exception’ Chat, instead’ of theffo-Wer
stand, tijere is a sofa, which sits on traf-dooS—
precisely like the trap-doors on the stagS’of 41 thea
tre, only tsat it works more' fmoothly thaif theatre 1
frap-doors 3o; the machinery has been nfidfe card--
ftrlly made; its movement's positively noiseless.
The sofa is let down, with the gentleman's clothing
upon it, to the floor below;- his pocket-bcJOk is
“weeded,” and then it is retiirffbd to its place;
Tirother houses there are small bookcases, escrl
toir&4 and various similar devices, which rest
against the secret doors and are listened to them.
The great mechanical art in this business consist#,
not only in constructing the noifld-less working of
the door and the trap, but in concealing it. No one,
by simply looking at the wall, or piecing his hands
upon it, could detect the place wher'e’lhesecret door
is, the papering is so well done. Men who under
stand this art get as high as two hundred dollars for
panering the wall of one of these rooms. Tom
Draper, the
KING OF BADGER HOUSE KEEPERS,
is said to have paid three hundred dollars upon one
occasion for papering a room to exactly suit his re
fined and exquisite taste.
There arc four or five mechanics in this city
whose only business is in devising he’W tricks of se
cret doors, hinges, &c., and doing the work for bad
ger-house thieves. They are well paid, and the
business was never so thriving as it is at present in
this city. The trick of “weedin’ leathers,’'’ instead
of taking the whole of the sucker’s' money, works
like a charm, and is extraordinarily successful.
After this expose, if men are caught, they will have
no one to blame but themselves.

gtWut to.
Thebe is a Woodbine that twinetb
round the hearts of all who have ever experienced
its beauties. It is James Nolan’s famous house,
the Woodbine, corner of Sixth avenue and Thirteenth
street, where a well cooked chop or steak, or game of
any kind, can always be enjoyed with all the attend
ant pleasures. Choice liquors, wines and cigars are
there provided by mine host of the Woodbine.
In no branch of modern manufac
tures has so many improvements been effected as in
the design and construction of jewelry. A visit to
the elegant store of Mr. 8 J. Delan, No. 357 Grand
street, where the stock of rings, watches, and
jewelry is very extensive, will conclusively prove
this.
Sage, hearty advice was that given
by the old gentleman who told his son never to pur
chase his clothing save at such universally excellent
establishments as that of Messrs. J. M. Vartan
Sons, Nos. 70 and 72 Bowery, where a good fit, excel
lent material, and general satisfaction can be
had. The youth took his father's advice, and will
never have occasion to repent it
Mr. D. Shea, No. 437 Broome street,
has gained a place in the esteem of all sensible pa
rents for the excellent material and styles of the
boys* and youths* clothing manufactured and sold by
him. His boys’ suits last for an indefinite time, and
might be worn forever, only boys will persist in be
coming men.
The English and Russian ministers
at Washington have settled their little dispute. It
occurred through a wager of anew hat by Mr. Thorn
ton on the Mace and Coburn fight, and the Mus
covite having won, properly insisted on having one
from Knox’s famous hat emporium, No. 212 Broad
way. Mr. Thornton seeing the justice of the claim
at once acquiesced.
“Two souls with but a single
thought; two hearts that beat as one,” were those of
the happy pair who one day last week wended their
way to the splendid store of Messrs. Crandall
Co., No. 562 Third avenue, intent on selecting from
the great stock of toy horses, velocipedes, and child’s
carriages one for each of their little ones.
“After the opera is over,” turn
into Harry Hill’s Concert Saloon, No. 26 East
Houston street, and there enjoy yourself to your
heart’s content. Listen to a good song or join in a
merry dance, and then candidly acknowledge that
the joya of the opera are nothing to it.
Those hunting for holiday presents,
whether useful or ornamental, spend a great deal of
time visiting the various stores, and selecting a
single article at each place. Now, to those who do
not care for money or time, who do not mind
whether they are suited or not, we say continue in
your folly; but to those who value both their time
and money, or desire to be fully satisfied with their
purchases, we say, go to The Original Dollar
Store, N.o. 667 Broadway, where everything can be
found that can be purchased elsewhere, and where
they can obtain their choice without trouble.
They can find books most exquisitely bound in
gold, also volumes for the little ones in a box, form
a small library; toys of such a wonderful variety
and elegance (the largest assortment in this city);
clocks cutlery, satchels, Russia leather portemon
nais, ladies’ and gents’ underwear, children’s cloth
ing, and the finest assortment of newest designs of
the celebrated Milton gold jewelry; and further, the
beauty and manner of doing business, is, that there
is but one price charged for each article, viz., one
dollar, and as an accommodation to those who can
not visit the place, the proprietors have published a
list of the most prominent articles, which will be
forwarded free, on application, so that parties can
make their selections, and the order will be filled
and warranted to suit. Remember, The Original
Dollar Store, No. 667 Broadway.
Christmas Presents. —What more
appropriate gift can you make than a nice Sealskin
Fur Cap Hebberd, No. 419 Broadway, near Canal
street, has the article, for ladies, gentlemen and boys,
and at prices lower than other Broadway stores.
Boys* and children’s bats selling at a reduction till
Holidays.
The bon ton Holiday Hats and Furs
are sold by Dougan, of No. 102 Nassau street, at the
lowest prices to be found in New York. No gentle
man is au fait without Dougan’s Holiday Hat.
Only Two Weeks to Christmas
The festive season approaches when all the belles
and beaux wish to look their prettiest. What is
more essential to personal appearance than clean
white teeth and rich glossy hair. Obtain both by at
once using Thurston’s Tooth Powder and Thomp
son’s Pomade, sold by druggists. F. C. Wells Co.,
No. 192 Fulton street, New York.
Bell Schnapps.— The unprecedent
ed demand that our celebrated Bell Schapps is
meeting with throughout the country, induces us to
state that it is pronounced by physicians and mer
chants to be the purest and most reliable article of
Schnapps imported from Holland. Dealers who will
compare our Schnapps with others in the market,
will find them in every way superior. H. G. Wolfe
Co., No. 18 South William street, Sole Importers.
At Fleming’s, Manufacturing Fur
tier. Mink sets, $22; Astrakhan sets, sl2; Alaska
sets, sl2; Children's sets, $1 50 to $5; Children’s
fur and fur-trimmed caps.
Fleming, Manufacturer, No. 146 Fulton st.
A. BOGUS GERMAN COUNTESS.
THE ADVENTURES OF A BERLIN CARPEN
TER’S DAUGHTISh-SUCCESSFUL CONFIDENCE
GAMES.
In June last a German woman of queenly appear
ance, and dressed in the most elegant and costly
manner, and wearing a profusion of jewelry, arrived
at this port from Berlin, and took rooms at Hon.
H. D. Busch’s hotel, in Hoboken. The lady who
was apparently about twenty-five years of age, and
of good address, registered her name as “Countess
Von Kuhl Stolberg V. Weernigerode.” The countess
was quite the rage amongst the guests at the hotel,
and made many friends. After remaining there a
few weeks she went over to New York and took
rooms at the boarding-house, No. 48 Eldridge street,
where she gained the confidence of the landlady,
and succeeded in obtaining from her S3OO in money
on a bogus draft on a bank in Berlin. From Mr.
Smith, shoe dea'er, at No. 101 Canal s'reet, she ob
tained SSO in the same manner, and from Mr.
Zeims, corner of Nassau and Pearl streets, Brook
lyn, she succeeded in obtaining S2OO in monej’. and
a gold watch and chain, and doubtless quite a num
ber of other parties were victimized.
The countess also attempted to borrow some mo
ney from a gentleman in Hoboken but being a
shrewd business man, she only obtained it by leaving
her go d watch and chain as security for the payment
of the dratt. Subsequently the countess represented
to her creditors that it would be necessary for her to
visit Berlin to adjust matters with her bankers, and
that she would return by the same vessel in which
she went out, which appears to have been satisfacto
ry. The countess to ok passage on the steamship
Weser. about six weeks slnoo. but failed to return.
On th© passage out, a friend of the gen (tom an in Ho
boken, named Frederick Reinberger, was also a
s.wger, and at the suggestion of the Hoboken gentle
man, Mr. Reinberger undertook to look after the pre
tended countess, and also en deavor to hunt ftp the
antecedents of’the lady. By the'last steamer a fetter
was received from Mr. ReiDberger, in which he 1
stated that the pretended counMSs was the daughter
of a poor carpenter named Kuhl z and she belonged
to the demi-monde, in a fashionable part of the city
of Berlin.
THIS- BALL SEASON.
E&& wsek which?passssnow shows inoret&ed activity
among t'&e numerous members of our community who
take delight in that mart fascinating and efjoyablo of
all pastiness, dancing. Although there will nbt be, in
all probability, an Americas Club ball thia seasoft,. there
will be mW more delightful and less pretentious
affairs. is a list of the
BALLS TO TXK’E PLACE.
Dec. 11—Johit Galvin Association, at Irving Hall.
Dec. 11—Crystal Lodge, No. 107; I. O. O. F., at
mafiia Rooms.
Dec. 12—Concofd Lodge, No: 50, F. and A. M., at
Apo-lb Hall.
Dec. 12—Irving Club, at Lyne 13a!I, No. 725 Sixth ave.
Dec. 12—Prof. Ki-.J, Sau-.e’s SomO. at Masonic Hall,
Nos. 114 and 116 East Thirteenth street.
Deo. 13—OompanpK. Twelfth In£Atry, N. G. S. N. Y.,
at Irving Hall.
Dec. 27—Henry Burden
Jan. 3—H Compare. Ninth Infants?, N. G. 8. N. Y.,
at AnoH/Hall.
Jan. 11—N. Y. Caledonian Club, at Acfidemy of Music.
Of the above, the principal will be tho.se of
CONCORD LOD&E, No. 50, F. A .»D A. M.,
The members of this ledge will give thetoannual hop at
Apollo Hall, on Tuesday night next. -It is a well-known
fact that few persons understand belter haw to enjoy
themselves than do the bjMhren of the mystic tie, and
that fact alone would ensure that a good time will be
had on Tuesday evening by all who join the- gay and
festive throng at Apollo Hdll. But when we assure our
readers that the members of Concord Lodgs are perfect
adepts at getting up these social reunions, and that they
have left no stone unturned to make the ball upon the
presentbccasion a greater success than its predecessors,
they may-feel quite satisfied as to the result.
PROF, M. J. SAUSE*S SOIREE.
It affords us much pleasure to call attention to
the festive gatherings of the genial Professor Souse, as
wo have frequently experienced the very heartiest en
joyment from attending them. Last Monday evening
he gave one of his soirees at Brevoort Hall, and the only
fault we nad to find was, that it was almost too well at
tended. This, however, is a fault in the right direction,
as it undoubtedly demonstrated bow popular these as
semblies of the talented Professpr have become. His
next ball will take place at Masonic Hall on Tuesday
evening; and st is almost needless for us to assure our
readers it will'be one of the pleasantest and most select
affairs of the kind which will be given during the season.
Before concluding our remarks on the ball season this
week, wo have much pleasure m calling the attention of
such of our readers as are contemplating getting up
a hop this season, to the undoubted merits of
ARION HALL,
at Nos. 19 and 21 St. Marks Place. Situated as it is in
a central and highly fashionable locality.it possesses
many advantages which some of the hitherto more fash
ionable ball-rooms do not enjoy. The ball-room is a
large and elegantly fitted hall, with dressing-rooms for
Indies and gentlemen attached, in which all the wants
and comforts of the visitors are properly cared for. The
supper-room is an elegant apartment with comfortable
accomodation for three hundred guests, and the entire
arrangements are under the control and personal super
vision of the proprietor, Mr. Charles Vossler, whose
reputation is well Known as the former Superintendent
of the New York Club.
®ity anti
ANOTHER MYSTERIOUS C USE.
WAS THIS MAN ASSAULTED BY ROUGHS OR
CLUBBED BY THE POLICE?
Coroner Young yesterday commenced an investi
gation in the case of James Duning, a hackman, who
was arrested on Tuesday last by the Nineteenth Pre
cinct Police, locked up in the station-house, and be
coming unconscious, was removed to Bellevue Hos
pital, where he died on Thursday. From what has
been learned respecting the case, it appears that the
deceased was found lying on the pavement at the
corner of Fifty-third street and Third avenue. He
was much intoxicated, and when the officers at
tempted to remove him, he resisted, and it required
the efforts of three officers to take him to the station
house. It is alleged bv some parties that the police
were very rough in their treatment of him. Dr.
Marsh made a post-mortem examination of the body
in spite of the threats of the brother of deceased.
An abrasion was found on the left side of the fore
head and on the bridge of the nose. Beneath the
scalp on the right side was found a large amount of
extravasated blood, and a fracture of the right pari
tal bone, extending upward for a space of four
inches. There was a clot of blood four inches in
length and three in width and one inch in thickness,
compressing the middle and posterior lobes of the
right hemisphere of the brain, corresponding to the
wound on the scalp. There were also two smaller
clots on the left hemisphere of the brain. The fis
sure or fracture was found to extend through the
right temporal bone across the middle base of the
skull. Death was caused by compression of the
brain produced by the above injuries.
How these wounds were received it is difficult to
determine. They may have been produced by a fall
from his coach, while intoxicated, or they might
readily be inflicted with a club. Capt. Gunner will
investigate the case, and to allow him time the in
vestigation Was adjourned.
IT IS GENUINE.
THE ROYAL HAVANA LOTTERY ALL RIGHT
CARD FROM TAYLOR CO.
New York, June 16th, 1871.
To the Editor of the Herald:
Having seen an inquiry in your valuable paper as
to the legitimacy of the drawings of the Royal Ha
vana Lottery, and knowing that you are always
ready and willing to furnish any information, on any
subject that is made a matter of inquiry through
your valuable paper, wo put this in answer to your
correspondent of the 14th inst., as to the genuine
ness of the Boyal Havana Lottery. We will state,
for the benefit of your correspondent, that the
prizes, 604 m number, according to the scheme, are
drawn at every drawing. Moreover, for the certifi
cation of this, we are willing to send our check for
SI,OOO, to be given to the party making such inquiry
if we cannot prove it to his satisfaction. Again, we
will give SIOO,OOO to any four charitable iustitutions
that you may name, if we cannot prove that, in the
scheme of the 25th of April we sold the ticket which
drew the $200,000 prize, beside many other prizes.
By inserting this, you will enlighten your corre
spondent, and oblige
Yours, TAYLOR CO., Bankers,
No. 16 Wall street.
The next Extraordinary Drawing of the Havana
Lottery takes place on Dec. 20th, and includes
One Capital Prize of $200,000
One Capital Prize of 100,000
One Capital Prize of 50,000
together with six hundred and thirteen other prizes,
amounting in all to $600,000.
Prizes cashed and information furnished, the
hignest rates paid for all kinds of gold and silver,
government bonds, etc., and all orders promptly
filled by TAYLOR CO., Bankers,
No. 16 Wall street, N. Y.
A DAZZLE AT IRVING HALL.
RECEPTION TO E. D. BASSFORD.
On next Tuesday, the friends of Mr. E. D. Bass
ford, the well known dealer in household goods, in
tend giving him a grand reception. Mr. Bassford
has but recently returned from an extended Euro
pean tour. He visited all the places of interest, in
spected the great manufactories, lived among the
liveliest society, and enjoyed himself most thor
oughly. That he enjoyed himself, any one who
looks on his smiling face will at once perceive. His
trip to Europe has added twenty years to his life,
and wiped away as many from his brow. The re
ception will undoubtedly be a grand affair, as Mr.
Bassford is one of the most popular men in the city,
and his friends are of the sort that know how to en
joy themselves and. make those with whom they
come in contact comfortable, contented, and happy.
The reception is to be at Irving Hall, and tickets are
sought for by all who like to be amused and enter
tained, and who are anxious to do honor to an en
terprising business man, a law-abiding citizen, and
a genial, kindly gentleman. We needn’t wish those
present a pleasant evening’s amusement. They’re
bound to have it, in Fate’s despite.
HORRIBLE INFANTICIDE.
AN INFANT HACKED TO PIECES.
Patrolman Draffin, of the Tenth Precinct, yester
day, at two o’clock A. M., found in Houston street,
near the Bowery, the dead body of an Infant. A
further examination showed that the body had been
horribly mutilated. The scalp was torn off, the face
cut and scarred beyond recognition; both legs were
lopped off at the knees and thighs. So horribly was
the body mutilated that it was impossible even to
determine the sex. Who the heartless murderers
were, the police have been unable, as yet, to ascer
tain, and there is little probability that they will
succeed. The remains of the infant wore taken to
the Morgue.
A POLICEMAN TURNED THIEF.
HE ADMITS HIB GUILT.
John A. Whitford, formerly a member of the po
lice force, and who was lately arrested and commit
ted at the Jefferson Market police court on a charge
of being concerned in a highway robbery, was yes
terday brought before Justice Hogan at the Tombs
police court, on the complaint of Edwin Edwards, of
Bridgeport, Conn. The complainant states that
Whitford hired a horse and wagon, worth $l5O, from
him, ostensibly to go to Derby. Instead of this, he
brought the team to this city, and sold it to a‘Mr.
Somerville for an amount less than its real value.
He was committed to await a trial.
Small Pox on the Decline.—There
is a steady decrease in the number of small pox
cases In this city. Daring the week ending at noon
yesterday there were but thirty-six cases reported to
the Board of Health, a decrease of two, as com
pared with the previous week, and five deaths, a
decrease of five for the same time. The statement
that there is an epidemic of small pox raging in
South Fifth avenue (Laurens street), and that thirty
cases had been reported from there within a short
time, is incorrect. The fact is, that only one case
has been reported from there for the past two
months or more. There has never been occasion
for the outcry made by some papers in connection
with this disease. Ot course, it is always well to
take preventive measures when a special disease
threatens the metropolis, but the worst thing that
can M done in any case is to unduly alarm the
public whether a cause exists or not.
Casualties Caused by a Runaway
Horse. —Early yesterday, Patrolman Stewart at
tempted to stop a runaway horse attached to a milk
wagon, at the corner of Avenue A and Third street.
He was knocked down by the frightened animal, and
severely injured about the face and arm. The horse
kept on his way, and dashed into the horses attached
to car No. 5 of the Graud and Forty-second street
line, injuring one of them severely. The horse was
finally secured. The officer was removed to the sta
tion house, and his wounds dressed.
Attempted Suicide of an Insane
Woman. —Mrs. Mary Ann O’Brien, aged 33 years, of
No. 40 East Tnirty-second street, who has been insane
for a considerable time past, yesterday, at six o’clock
A. M., leaped from a third-story window of the above
tonoment to the sidewtflk, and was dangerously in
jured. She was sent to Bellevue Hospital
THE PRINTERS} UNION.'
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
An election for officers of the Printers’ Union of
yuis city took place last Tuesday. Two tickets were
in iho field, abd much interest Was taken in the con
test d? the friends of either ticket.- After the ©lec
tion was over, and when the vote 1 for President had
been coJtnted, a number of roughs,- some of them
members of the Vnion and others ae ignorant of
types as dewjs are of Greek, burst in to-'the room and
entered into*a sham fight, during which one of the
roughs number of ballots amo£g those- cast
for the Vice-President.
Great indignation is Mt by the of
Union at this outrage, andvre feel convinced’that at
the meeting on Tuesday evening next the i.ibmbers;
who were engaged in this shaiixeful proceeding wilf
be summarily expelted. If ths printers would not
have their trade society disgraced by a repetittefi ot
this actcropt at ballot-box'stuffingt-hev’must severely
punish all members who engaged'in the sham fight.
The following is the vote on candidates so far as ynf
counted:
FOR PRESIDENT.
R. McKechnto. .583 Hugh Dalfo© 56?'
VICE PRESIDENT;
The voteflbstroyed by baJot~lsox staffers.
FDR SECRETARY;'
R. H. Harmon .*..,.745 Joshua WillianW 30$
William Sorauead Fgan 104
FOR
Ed. Cutlie .578 I Al. Burton... .-,,....562
FOR FUND TRUSTEE:
C. S. Taylor 534 J. Warnock .549
FOR TRUSTEES.
J. K Horan 5|5 G. CowleB? ~.569
Thos. Berry 65$ fG. 8. Howe .561
FOR SERGEANT-AT-ARMSi--
John J. BrOwfis—Unanimous.
The' officers elected are? President, B.
noVice-President elected-“ballot-box inU«>
fered; Secretary, Robert Harmon; Treasurer,- Ed
ward Cuttle, “Mariner of Hingland, has livek haft
’ome hat hease;” Fund Trustee, Charles S
Trustees, James F. Horan and William G. Cowles?
and Sergeant-at-Arms, John J. Browne, thooneak
popular man in the Union.
BUT EER BATTAEION.
This company, which was formed a few weeks'ag<V*
and out of compliment to Mr. 11. W. .Butler, lessen
of Union Square Theatre, named after him, hadii*
gran I fete day on Friday last, when the result wda
one of the most successful meetings of the present
season. Tbo-company is commanded by Lieutenant--
Colonel Hughey Dougherty, and numbers between
sixty and seventy members, principally minstrel and.
varieties performers attached to ine various plaoea
of amusement in the city. They assembled at Union
Square early in the forenoon, neatly attired in mill-*-
tary costume, and headed by Graftal la’s brass band,
proceeded to Jones’ Wood, where arrangements had
been made for a grand competition, in target shoot
ing. Hughey Dougherty appears destined to attain
as groat ce ebrity as a military commander as he at
present enjoys as a popular artist, and tho mon un
der his command presented a highly creditable ap
pearance, marching with the. case and precision of'
veterans. In the target shooting, considerable skill
was displayed by many of the members, and tha
commanding officer again appeared to advantage,
iiitling the target with the same skill ho manifests in
“shooting tolly as it flies,’’ and was fortunate
enough to win an umbrella, ava uablo prize- at thia
time of year, and that, as Lew Rattler facetiously ob
served on Friday evening, is lively to keep him very
dry. During the day au excellent renast was served
up and partaken of in a manner characteristic oi an
invading army—those who failed to take prizes re
venging themselves on the luneb. Several amusing
speeches were delivered by tne witty Butlerites, and
many were the congratulations expressed io tha
lucky winners of -prizes. The latter wore many and
valuable, and the contests were in most instances
very exciting. At the conclusion of the day’s sport
the company reformed, and marched by Third ave
nue, Bowery, and Broadway, to Union Square, where
vhty dispersed, all delighted with the success ol
their first target party.
FIRES IN TRIS CITY,
EXPLOSION OF CHEMICALS.
A fire occurred yesterday on the upper floor of the
Manhattan Chemical and Assay Works, at No. 4
Cedar street, caused by the explosion of some bi-sul
phide of carbon, which was being subjected to a
slight heat over a slow fire. The stock in the place
was damaged SSOO. Tho building was damaged SIOO,
Fully insured.
FIRE IN THE UNION CLUB HOUSE.
A slight fire occured yesterday in the basement of
the Union Club House, at Fifth avenue and Twenty
first street, caused by the carelessness of some of tha
gas fitters who had been employed there. It was put
out after causing damage to the amount of S2OO.
Fully insured.
A STABLE AND TWO COWS BURNED.
Shortly before nine o’clock, A. M., yesterday a flra
broke out in the stable owned by Michael McNamara,
at Seventy-third street and Fourth avenue. Th©
stabl© was entirely destroyed, together with two
cows belonging to John Phalon. McNamara’s loss
on stable and contents is about $3,000. Insured for
SI,OOO in city companies. Phalon’s cows were esti-
mated to be worth $l2O. No insurance. The origin
of the fire is unknown.
FIRE AT THE HAMILTON AVENUE FERRY.
A fire occurred yesterday in tho ferry house of tho
Hamilton avenue Ferry. It was put out by Officer
Ryan, after causing slight damage.
THE SEAMEFUL. ORDER.
THE PARADE OF THE COMMUNISTS.
The Order of tho Board of Police directing that the
proposed parade oi tho International Socioiies ot
this city to-day to commemorate the slaughter of
their brethren in Paris, be prevented by the police,
has called forth the most energetic protests from
the leaders ot tho Societies, and excited the indigna
tion of citizens generally, who inquire why an in
vidious distinction is made in this case.
A .telegram was sent from the leaders to Governor
Hoffmann, requesting to know whether he would,
sanction tho proposed parade. Up to a late hour
last night no answer had been received. It is more
than probable that there will be no parade to-day.
It is proposed to adjourn it to some week day, when
the objections now urged against the demonstration
will not hold.
Nevertheless, the entire force of police will be on
duty to-day, and any gathering in tho vicinity of the
Cooper Institute, the point indicated for tho forma
tion of tho procession, will be dispersed, unless, in.
the .meantime, the Board shall reconsider its order,
or the Governor rescind it as he did on the occasioc
of the. Orange Parade on J uly 12.
Fighting the Thieves.—The Grand
Central Depot, at Forty-second street, is now tha
entree for all the thieves to operate on strangers that
reach the city. A hundred and twenty six trains ar
rive daily, which must of necessity create confusion,
and enable the light-fingered gentry to ply their vo-'
cation. Sergeant McCuliogh, who is detailed at tha
depot with a squad of men, won’t Lave robbery there
if he can help it. Because he fights the dangerous
classes up there, he has incurred their enmity, and
a fellow named Joe Ellis, a ticket-runner of the Pat
MacDonald belt and ticket swindling profession,
whom he ordered out of the depot, had the impudence
last week to make a complaint against the sergeant.
Charges made bv such men are to his credit, and will
be appreciated by the company, the Commissioners,
and the community.
Suicide of a Young Widow. —Mrs,
Elizabeth Atkins, a widow, aged twenty-five years,
shot herself in the left breast last evening, in her
apartment, at No. 237 East Twenty-seventh street.
She was attended by a surgeon, who pronounced
the wound in all probability a mortal one. Tha
reason for the act is not positively given by the wo
man, but she admits that it was partially in conse
quence of disappointment in a love affair. She had
been engaged to be married to a young man of her
acquaintance, and something having occurred to
break off tho match, she became despondent.
Hoboken Turtle Club.—This time
honored institution hold its annual election on
Thursday evening, at the Sinclair House, when an.
unusual large number of members were present.
The occasion was the annual election for officers,
when James L. Miller, Esq., was unanimously
elected President; this is the thirteenth timp Mr.
Miller has been honored with that position, and
much of the success of the club is due to his, efforts
to sustain it in its present high position., Colonel
Alexander Eagleson and Captaih William Fowler
were elected Vice-Presidents; Anson B. Taylor,
Secretary; A. L. Ashman, Treasurer;- Henry N. Mott
and Harris Bogart, Stewards.
Opened fob Travel.—The Depart
ment of Public Parks announce that another section
of the Boulevard, from 138th street to 132 d street,
has been completed and opened to public travel,
making a continuous Boulevard drive of nearly fiva
miles in length, and leaving but three blocks ta
complete it to its terminus at 155th street,'
At 152 d street connection is made with the Tenth
avenue; also with the road leading to the Carmans
ville Depot.
The bridge across the Harlem river, at McComb*!
Dam, will be temporarily opened to public travel
to-day, the 10th instant, between the hours ol
8 A. M. and 8 P. M.
A New Chabity Hospital.—Tho
Commissioners of Charities and Corrections have re
cently opened a new hospital m West Ninety-ninth
street, but a short distance from the Thirty-first Pre
cinct Stltion-House. Attached to it is a Dispensary
for Out-Door Poor. The cases from the Twenty
second, Twenty-third. Thirtieth, Thirty-first and.
Thirty-second Precincts, are taken to this hospital in
ambulances provided in the same manner, as ar©
those at the Park Hospital.
Attempted Suicide.—Harriet On
derling, aged 19, for some reason, not explained by
herself or parents, left her home, yesterday, at No.
48 Essex street, and proceeding rapidly down Essex
and Rutgers street to the end of Pier No. 43, attempt
ed to leap into the East River. She was prevented
from doing so by Officer Rean, and taken to the Madi
son street police station. Her friends were sent for,
and she was taken in charge by them, and removed
home.
Election of Officers.—At the an
nual meeting of the Empire City Skating Club, held
Thursday evening, Dec. 7, the following officers wera
elected, for the ensuing year: President, Georg©
Martin; Vice-President, Robert C. Held; Treasurer,
Henry R. Mills; Recording Secretary, W. H. Kun
nard; Corresponding Secretary, Harbeck Mills; Ma
teoroligist, Samuel Martin; Sergeant at Arms, Waltei
C. Rogers.
A Young Dog Thief. Charles
Clark, a boy, yesterday, forced an entrance into th©
premises of David Burns, at No. 612 Broadway, and.
stole therefrom five dogs, worth SIOO. Two of tha
dogs were being offered by him for sale when he wax
arrested. The lad denied his guilt, but on bein<
taken before Justice Hogan, at the Tombs, was com
mitted to await a trial.
Killed on the Harlem Railroad.-—'
An unknown man, aged 35 years, having black hail
and full black beard, wearing dark, mixed sack com
and pantaloons, buff vest, white soft hat, red and
blaok comforter, and heavy cowhide boots, was run
over and instantly killed, last evening, by a freight
train on the Harlem Railroad, near Forty-aeyoulMi
street. The body was taken to the Morgue.
Suicide of a Woman by Hanging.—
Mary Buckley, aged 30 years, yesterday hanged her
self to the door of her room at No, 201 Varick street*
She was cut down by Officer Bell, who wm called. kJ.
Coroner Young was notified to hold an fnqiwiL. ‘S&Q
the aot cqul4 MGortelatd.
5