c
)lMAaVFK A "T 1 CLOTHING, ETC.
U UttAXD AMERICAN.
Gold is firSTln JSew ior
yesterday
Tennessee Bonus closed in Now York
yesterday at 65 for the old issue ard;for
the new.
EST A ETTRTTRD M A f!TT sn icq 'TiftiitomW'inTnA4r .ftAv
nraifx
r
mrr nrnrf1 RVTIXG.
We publish
the Committee appointed by the Legisla-
ture to investigate the charges of Mr. JohnJ
mam mmm anil ir
CorinfVrsHo'W'Statei
euct! to our Leg
be seen tltit
ed by.OD JBaxterHaro .Tlriuuipb-
antly vindicated"
"UofTi by" tlie report
of thS committee and by a Vote
it
each house, saovliajngitliat H$Bax
ter's "dearest friend" KiluljioVidare
to call for the ave and
Hon ttTOdopt thorepor
This result was,, unexpected
to those who knew the unenviable
v f -r--
rvputation wBicVMrrBaxtOr has bbtauied,
and tlie less enviable reputation Tfihe
ltadicarjotu-nal hrough "which "lie squirts
his filth.-ni?elitlemen wlionalues are
signed to tliai-,report, coming from the j
several divisions oTfh?Sfj6,vregon?J'in',ni
of sucli integrity of purpose, and siic'J
imiartajKt2tfiat.rJ
sistible conviction or Incorrectness oftlieir
conclusions. Agai.j, cm staQ(ls ar.
rayc.1 thajnyof Mr. Gibson, of Camp-
bell, whose e ppositioii was expected from
the first,an'j rJioso disapprobation is honor
AVe luivcanSt1y"en5eavored to get a copy
of 3ir. Jibson's production, but have
utttrly faUed. It was our desire to.
mrike special nlenrton fqf Jt iii "connection
with liis spcecli and the report of the Com
mittee! O
Mr. Gibson is perhaps unknown to
the peplaoJemessee. p-lie is compara-
lively unknown to us.
iie was, we behove,
a Radical anember
ill rr
of the Constitutional
Convention, and oue of the very few mem
bers of that body who refused
to
sign the 'Constitutlen tliat
chized the white ieople
enfrau
of the
State. With the exception of an anonyj
mous coiuuiunication to the Uxiox axd
Amcripax, published sometime pievious
to tlie calling of that convention, we be
lieve he lias no political lustoif iu Ten
nessee, whatever lie may have' been in the
State from which he camo in the turbulence
of the late civil 'vTar, A stranger lo the
I'ublic Printers, a neighbor of Mr. Baxter,
a political asso'ate and an alleged and
u .fSi tPPT!?pondent (in violation .of. J
Senatorial '.rgnity) of a Radical journal, he
liastens t o move the appointment of the
committjo of investigation, for which the
SUtefPtinte-3 asked, knowing that.thereby
he forced b'nnsclf on that committee. From
thai moment hi3 verdict was believed to bo
.lotnm.;. i ,i i j
uctcrmr.ied. But when ho announced in 1
conarjttee, in substance.thatTie had "a hand"
to, play, tint which was doubt before became
no
lie I
'proof strong ai holy- writ.
"so pensive and childlike" reminded the
Cominittee, we ;ire sure, of the Heathen
Chinee whose name wa "Ah Sin," especial
ly the Sin That "lian'd" lhe hold and
whlcli he ww 'unwilling to "show," tGib
son'a wordi)-also reminded the Committee
that,perliap.Jie liad taken advantage of the 4
literature of the day, and endeavored to
play' the two horse act of "the Heathen
Chinea" and i'BiirNvcJ Of the latter we
niflit say iu the language
f.Htn ite fnend:"'
of Bret Harte's
And mj feelings ere knocked
JVt the state of Nye'i) floc-ve,
V hich was stuffed full of arct and Vowers,
.IiiJ the tame with intent fo itCjcivt.
WhichjWas Ah Sin, anva which was Bill
'yc i.i this "smill gan," we leave to Gib
son, B itter, an 1 the public to detennine.
this morning tfiStWiaa"ii,Ka,7 ""uuor.
kaii. MOXOFO yn. the JPEOIU.E uouars tiiroiigu ms operations in ueorgia
To the Editors of -AoCnionand American: 1,011,13 and manipulations of the State Rail
ti... ...-tiin s. i road funds. Bullock left this citv for New
XJyJ and il '--Sfedthat
,tUn 1, 1 he is making arrangements to leave the
ments on .atrociow regulation would
implv it not only i3 likely to cause dis-
satisfa jAian among the shippers or perish
abhi, articles, but directly atlects the pecuni
ar interests, ir not the healths, or the resi
dents, of every city and town in the South
witbiti the range of railroad facilities. It is
.veil know n to every intelligent citizen that
lhe eountryitho present year, owing to the
extreme drought dining thegrowing season,
andylhcr natural causes, lias not pr
by a large amount a sufficiency of
produced
vegeta
bles and fruits for our home consumption,
and whilM in this unfortunate condition our
lnaju Jriuik line connecting u with other
Mictions who have been more favored with
such neoHSxaries to life and health, steps in
and irtiiaily puts an anJaro on our re
ceiving Mich articles except on such condi
tions as would outnil almost certain loss on
the shipper wh- would be simple enough
toTiiful himself by 'the atrocious conditions
which the louisville and Nashville Railroad
insist n attaching to tlie bills of lading re
lating', to Mich freight.
The railroads charge Jirxt cltws rates on
all pcrUhtiUlc articles except in particular
cases where dnuhle first class rates are
charged; and yet, notwithstanding these
extreme clrarges, tlie Louisville and Nash
ville railroad refuse to hold themselves re
sponsiblejfor any loss or damage from any
cause whatever, and are to be held free from
any charg- for neglect, injury fi-om rough
usage, or delay wliile in care of the Louis
ville and Nashville railroad, and are not
bound to deliver goods in any specified
tune. When the jieopic or Tennessee voted
to tax themselves to aid the construction or
the Iouis ille and Nashville railroad, it was
suppiwd such Mad was designed to be Tor
the ji'vommodation r the whole people,
and some or us art.- simple enough to believe
that our legislative Representatives may
enact some Laws to protect us from the
grinditij; oppression of a carrying monopoly.
The shippers of perisliable goods by rail
road have always had losses enough to con
tend with from vexatious delays in transit
and for damages from rough and careless
handing of "laiiroad employes without
adding more esortions to their risks, such
as the outr.teously ou-'-sided contract called
a rchwi; which the Iouisvillo and Nashville
RaUroailjUow insist on attaching to such
bills i f ladiiur- As 1 lemarked at the com-
ineucoiueiit or this article ibis measure of
the Louisville and Nashville Railroad a!llvts
the e.itire population of Jfanhcille, and
should raise such an excitement or indigna
tion aisunst its exactiug authors as to force
them 1" rescind their outrageously tyraiuii
cal reflation. Public rs.
Tin. son of the Mayor of Chicago was in
Troy ihe other day "stocking np" iu stoves.
Marri l a little over a year ago, he was es
tablished in a prosperous stove trade, and
had just cmiph'tod a new house for himseir
and vt ite. Everything was swept away ex
cept his wedding presents, which were at
the h-Mise of his father. Tins housql was
haved. The thai were hardly oxtiiicuished
oeiorr j wun, .uiisuii Baun;ivuii.-- p.uoiiu
togethT and started with them, for New j
Yorfo ,H-J sold them to Tiffany Co. for
$0,00-' With this money lie will now re-
JWlwn" i j
I 4 vrnii
The Whole South to be Placed under
Martial Law.
t
1
Ew i,iiiiK,ov. I, v special uisiui.cti,
his determination lo declare martial Jaw
throughput the entire South, in consequonee
oLcontinue-d outrages.
JBoatu-eU'a Bndgct.
Jso;

i 01 mueDieiiness at 4 nay a-ft- -r:'
privy iniidilSfm.'-1 KEJ -22?i
sincoin.U i3a yH'Cii interest Jias cease.1
St' Sfoy-Prtndipal, Jl,t9P.;C92.20; in
old iW8)322-4"; debt bearing no interest,
-o demand nd legal tender notes, $357,-S2l;tractioaalciirreiieytS3!,-ilb8,142.-
70; com certificates, $16,670,000; Total
debt principal, $2,315,-J9-V01).21; interest,
S45)55'J,:i30.00. Cash tn Treasurj' coin
ie ticnnans in tlic Polnr Sea,
The information received by the avv
4 r
iiepanment trom lr. L.. P. Termn
Gotha, concerning thc German discover' of
the open Polar sea.'states tint the northern
most point readied was 70 degrees north on
the meridian of 48 degrees east. They
found a,most favorable state of ice toward
the north pole, with a probable connection
wiu tlw open sea north, of Siberia, toward
tiieeast. The expedition was mada in a
small sailing vessel, at the expense of the
officers.
Xilltary Iteconslnictlojt,
Military changes are made by the President
transferring the State of North Carolina
from the department of the East to the
department of the South. The Indian
Territory north of Texas and south of Kan
sas are added to the -department of -Texas,
to be under the command of Gen, Augur,
and the department of Texas is added to
the division or Missouri. The ilpreirtmonf
I of the 'Platto is for the present discontinued,
i The Stated of Louisiana, Arkansas, Missis
sipi and tlie gidf ports will constitute the
new department ot the Gidf, to be com
manded by Col. Mory. The fifth cavalry
are ordered to Arizona. The third cavalry
are ordered to fort McPherson:
A Free Itide.
Second Lieut. Frederick G. Grant, of the
Fourth Cavalry, lias been ordered to report
to the General of the Army and will ac
company Gen. Sherman on his tour of
military inspection of Europe.
$200,000 3Itssing.
The Commissioner of Pensions is now in
Philadelphia to cflect a settlement with
Forbes, the invalid pension agent of tliat
city, who is m arrears $200,000 to the gov
ernment. So Ball for Kn-KIux.
It lias been ascertained that the leaders of
Je Ku-Klux, now in jail in South Carolina,
will not be released on bail
Maj. Thos. Donohoe died to-day, aged 75
years. lie was long connected with the In
telligencer. G. AV. Ciutis presented the President with
the rules adopted by the Civil Service Com
missioners. Snica Stone.
The Erening Star says tlie President has
Juuicaoi a letter 10 me i:rusiueub oi ine
o..., c. r i.s
,..1 1-.. .t-- T f
dlsposo.of his (the President's) stock in tlie
company..
Another Japanese MlMlonarj.
Gen. Geo. B. Williams, of Indiana, to
day formally concluded an engagement with
j ino Jajiancse .Minister and will go to tliat
country for the purpose of organizing an
i Internal Revenue system there similar to
i our own. (Jen. Williams is now the Second
Deputy Commissioner of Internal Ecv
1 enue.
The Nnpreine Court
I Tlie affirming of soveral lndcnnents in the
j Supreme Court last Monday on the grouud
mat tne prosecutions were for purposes ol
delay will make parties cautious of appeal in
future cases.
Special to the Cincinnati (l.izette.
Gov. Unllock'H ltesiKimtioii.
Private advices here to-day to high offici
als are to the eflect that Gov. Bullock's re
signation of the Governorship of Georgia is
regarded as a sharp trick to escape the pend-
j ing impencliment, and also cnmmal prose
i cutions which the Attorney-General of the
State was about to institute. It is stated
here, however, tliat warrants will shortly be
issued for Bullock's arrest. He will be taken
back to Georgia for trial on numerous
rharses crowinc out of his transactions
while occupying the gubernatorialchair. It
is believed, according to the present aavices,
I that Bullock has realized nearly 'a million
country, lie visited tins city to comer
i with Secretary Delano and Senator Camer
on in regard to their lease or the State Rail
I road.
j Butler, ofTennessce, tho Alleged Pen
sion Forger.
United States District Attorney Camp, of
East Tennessee, arrived too late to prevent
his removal. It appears that the President
suspended him some days ago, upon repre-
sentation of a Republican Congressman of
I Tennessee. It now appears that the chief
worker against him was Roderick R. But
lr, who lias been pursuing him for the
part he took a year ago in collecting evi
dence iu Butler's pension frauds. District
Attorney Fisher, who prosecuted Bntler
here, now says tliat he only escaped con
viction by perjury r witnesses, and forged
papers used as ev idence.
A Trifling Accommodation.
In connection with the Stokes irregulari
ty, it has been found that N. H. Miller,
Assistant l'rosecuting Attorney of the
Washington City government, kindly con
sented, at the request of his friend Stokes,
to attacli his notarial seal to those papers
which the Department of Justice now
charges are fraudulent throughout.
Special to the Louisville Ledger.
Uullock.
This individual is now supposed to be in
New York, making arrangements to leave
the country. It is estimated that Bullock
has realized about a million dollars from his
Georgia operations. His visit to this city
was to confer with Secretary Delano and
Senator Cameron relative to the late lease
of the State railroad.
Stoltcs' Nu ccessor Ills Friend in Xeed.
The President to-day appoiiited one Em
ery successor to Stokes as Collector or the
Tennessee revenue district. Stokes,
liowever, is not altogether without
friends. Horace Maynanl has written a
long letter here advising tlie "Bald Eagle"
that he will stand by him and defend him
to the best of his ability. One of the stat
utes which Stokes has clearly violated is
I that of 1833, which prescribes that any
j member or Congress who shall receive, or
agree to receive, any bribe, present, or com
j pensation Tor prosecuting a claim against the
I government shall be deemed guilty or a
i misdemeanor, and lie subject to a fine or
fixe ihous:uid dollars and imprisonment for
one year. This will prove one of the counts
in the indictment against Stokes. Another
will hold him guilty of complicity in, and
or being an accessor before and after the
fact, to an attempt to .swindle the govern-
lllt'IU.
i Women Enfranchised.
i The strong minded women of this city
j are soon to have the satisfaction of having
their political and civil status defined by
thc highest court of the district. Tim
Judges of the Supreme. Court, after holding
several consultations over the argument
submittal last week by the attornevs of the
Women's Franchise Association, liave now
agreed ujion the following points: Tliat
women are entitled to vote under the
fourteenth amendment of the constitution
tiie jb clearly recognized therein'
but m sl,cu a,vague and; indefinite man.p.or
that jt will require furtlier legislation Rii'the
I siilement,'))ubl&Iied EPnayshows u. coin
5.55; .coin? certificates, $lC,'d70,9o6;
noes on the mo- '"'L?' J-"1" AJ-flt Gjxsr,
of thejmTultEec.-cent., S2TT,-O57,500; principal; '53C
oft,
part
ongressto detennine in wlat man-3
nnnr iln.
rirfit 1 r Vuat wretfmstances the
.wcserciseu. second, thatODas
"&7f this strict limits the
-..u.11ujii! 10 maies, the ri"ht nf
V .-r" '.V.tc ut;l oes 1101 attacli. The
St week! ProbaUy "0t ma,,e nt
Social to the Cincinnati Enqiiiier.
Woo of Kouth inMi
uku AHPrmAu'a Wild Ktorles.
Attorney General Akerman, liavltwr lust
returnedirord the martial laV dUtrfct in
South Carolina, has detailed ids ob"e Ta"
tmns, and CSpressI his opinion with re-
St. Hf nal hehas pertained
SvUnT ist.nde"uch names as the
(l?"'s,bl(L 'npire or the South," the
"White nrMnvwi f '.t. t
ril;f U?'e.?Ure' w,lU monoTthat
Miction Wrrp in !tc
ftt. .1 '"oniDcrsiup or uniler
s control tlt It8 Qbiect8( ta cnibodledJn
s oam. Vere: Derenseorthe Constitti
uo". as it was; resistance to Hadical in
vasion, and tlic protection of widows and
orphans. The penalty of treachery, pro
wded by said oath, isdeafli.
He further claims, tliat ten minders have
been committed, twenty colored school
houses bunied, and five hundred minor out
rages committed in York county by the
Ku-Klux in the lat year, and that between
one hundred and two hundred men had re
cently fled the country to escape punish
ment. The Attorney General tliini ik-
most of these outrages were committed last
.March, and there have not been many very
recently. Many tliat belonged to the or
ganization have surrendered them
1 conf!iS.setlJ 011 the grounds, he supposes, of
rowitrtnrr o.., .,.1.-.. ll'l.;. t- li 1
receiving amnesty. When he left York-
Mue, ninety men had been arrested on a
summary process and confined in the York
jail without a hearing and without hail. As
to whether the prisoners would be granted
a hearing or not he does not say, but claims
that the Department of Justice has the
right, under the President's proclamation
and the Ku-Klux law, to hold them until
the United States Court should assemble,
on the 27th of November. Thb is the
official Administration view of the situation.
The Utah Troubles.
The Government evidently Intends to
take .precautionary measures to prevent
trouble In Utah and additional troops will
probably be ordered there. Delegate
lloopei is daily expected here to appeal to
the authorities to cease tlie pi-osecution of
the Mormons there, and the Overland Rail
roads are said to be using their influence to
prevent an outbreak. The President to
day removed the old District Attorney in
Utah, and appointed a Chicago lawyer
named Geoi C. Bates.
Cabinet Sleeting.
There was the first full Cabinet meeting
yesterday which has been held for several
months, and it is understood that a variety
of subjects were discussed, including the
cases or the Hornet and the Horton, the
Stokes fraud, the situation in Utah, the Ku
Klux iu South Carolina, and the unexpect
ed resignation of Gov. Bullock of Georgia.
The case or the two vessels liad already "be
come the subject or diplomatic correspond
ence, without positive result.
Coins- to the Dor.
It is said tliat Attorney-General Aker
man inrormed the President tliat the pun
ishment or corrupt officials in the South
was necessary to the success or the Repub
lican party in that section, and should go
hand in hand with the destruction of the
Ku-Klux. Otherwise there would be noth
ing of the party left in a very' short time.
After DuIIoch.
An officer from Georgia has arrived in
Washington with a warrant for the arrest
of Gov. Bullock on the cliarge of misap
propriation of the State bonds. Had he
not resigned it was the intention of the au
thorities in the State to proceed with his
impeachment. The story goes tliat two or
three millions are involved.
BULLOCK.
his scheme, revealed to her four years ago,
What He Nays of llimsrll. r,f stealing the Erie books, and how, when
Nbw York, Nov. 1. Gov. Bullock, oft he was buying the New York Legislature,
Georgia, in this city, states that his resigna- ho said it would result in either a Fisk
tion was intended as a move to thwart the 1 palace in New York or a stone palace at
schemes of his political enemies in their ef- I Sing Sing, requesting her if it was the lat
forts to get control or the State, and that it 1 tor, to take a cottage outside tlie prison,
had been determined long ago. He asserts She is willing to have afiairs arbitrated by
there is no foundation for tlie charges Wm. M. Evarts, but says if liis power over
against him, tliat he will soon return to the courts is still supreme, Tammany is
ueorgia ana uemami an investigation, uc
will not iermit himself to be arrested in i
Georgia, as his friends think his xlitical
enemies woidd probably cause a mob to
Ku-Klux him. j
In a letter dated Atlanta, Oct. 23, he re-
fers at length to the charges, and exposes
tlie plans formed by his political enemies to
bring disaster on the State.
PHILADELPHIA.
Another est of Municipal Corruption.
Startling Developments Promised.
Philadelphia, Nov. 1. The Citizens'
Municipal Reform Association succeeded in
securing an indictment against the City
Treasurer and his broker. Warrants for
the arrest or the accused have been issued.
Startling developments, as to the manage
ment or city affairs, are expected.
Later City Treasurer Marcer will have
a hearing to-morrow upon the charge or be
ing a defaulter. Thc city Pension Agent
Forbes was held in $23,000 bail to-day on
the cliarge of embezzling Government
bonds.
CHICAGO.
Instantly Killed.
uicago, Nov. 1. Two laborers engaged
in taking down the outside walls of the
Tribune building this morning, fell from the
fourth story to the basement and were in
stantly killed. We cannot learn their
names.
Tho Political Puddle.
Lambert Free, candidate for Judge of the
Circuit Court, John W. Buell, candidate for
Judge of the Inferior Court, and W. n.
Milligon, candidate for Alderman on the
Union ticket No. 2, have declined their
nominations.
L.VTEit. Qiute a number or the candi
dates nominated by the Union Conforence
No. 2 have declined the intended honors,
and numerous clianges have been made.
Bremen Insurance Company.
Secretary Greenebaum, the jiopular
banker, has received authority by a cable
dispatch to open in this city an agency yfor
the Hambiug and Bremen Fire Insurance
Company, one or the oldest and most sub
stantial iu Germany. The agency will be
opened at once.
The Bankrupts.
The Attorney General or this State lias
commenced proceedings against the following
insurance companies, upon the official state
ment of the State Auditor that the assets of
the companies are insufficient to justify
their continuance in business The Chi
cago Firemen's, assets $373,000, losses $3,
000,000: Merchants', assets $900,000, losses
$0,000,000; Chicago Fire, assets $400,000,
losses $3,0000,000; Germania, assets $200,
000, losses $1,500,000; State, iissets $300,
000, losses $3,000,000; Home, assets $230,
000, losses $2,000,000; Mutual Security,
assets $311,Q00, losses $1,800,000. Total
assets, $3,000,000; losses about $20,000,000.
CLVCINKATI.
A Delinquent Railroad.
Cincinnati, Nov. 1. In the United
States Court yesterday Morris Jessup and
others filed a bill in chancery to' foreclose a
mortgage for the sale or the Cincinnati and
IndianaixiHs Junction Railroad for non
payment or bonds due July, lb04.
Cross Purposes.
The Newport anil Cincinnati Bridge
Company has filed a cross petition against
the city, asking for damages in twenty-five
thousand dollars for the interruption) in the
work on Kilgour street, the police having
interfered there and arrested the construc
tion or approaches.
EVMSVILLE.
Our Xew Itonte to St. Louis.
Evansvii.t.k, Nov. 1. The'excursion
from this city to St. Louis to-morrow over
the St. Iiouh and Southeastern Railroad
promises to be a grand affair. The road is
one hundred and sixty miles In length and
will soon be the great thoroughfare between
St. Louis and Nashville.
NEW 'YORK.
Tlie Tribulations of Tammany.
New York, Nov. l. Thomas A. s Led
with hdvlhg accepted the Tammany nomi
nation for Supreme Court, the Judge re-
sigueu nisi uigiii ins memDersnip of the
committee ot sevent The resignation
excited much comment.
Deputy Comptroller Green declines to
pay the police, justices and clerks, on the
ground that they liave been overpaid, as
the increased salaries they have been re-
ceiviDg,tinder the vote or the Common
Council, were in contravention of law.
Under tlds decision they will not receive
anysalary forSevcral months to come.
The Grand Jury was.aismHsef yesterday
without finding any indictment against
Twqed. His case vill be, brought before
the iiev Gfafid'Jiiry,"to be "impauneled on
.Monday next, before Judge Bedford.
i Imitators of Defaulter Uallcy.
The XimeAas:lnformation from lhe Cap
tain of the steamer nermann, tliat Andrew
J. Ganejvind wile went on the steamer
under the assumed name ot Macdonaid,
and upon their arrival at Bremen, proceeded
to Basle, Switzerland.
Ingereoll had not returned at a late hour
last niaht. His friends claim that he will
return"to-day, and give the necessary hall
for re-appearance.
Short Division.
A statement has been made; founded on
jWarranta paid.by the' Broadway bank, tliat
Ingersoll Garvcy, in depositing, Invariably
gave 42 per cent, to Wdodward,24 to Tweed,
and kept 34 for themselves.
A'o Fire Department,
At a meeting of the Board of Fire Com
missioners ta-day a statement was made
representing tliat the deiurtinent is entirely
bankrupt. The board wants money to
make payments to employees but dislikes
to countenance payments by outside parties.
There was nothing-definite decided.
The Committee of Seventy desire contri
butions to defray the expenses or printing
their election ballots.
A Lively Row in the City of Churches
Belligerent Demonstrations on
Klaljllclscli.
There is some excitement among the
politicians or Brooklyn to-day, in conse
quence of au attack on the schoolmistresses
of Brooklyn appearing in the journal edited
by Mr. Delmar, formerlv Director of the
Bureau of Statistics at Vashington. The
charge was that tlie body of teachers were
paid to suit the purposes f vile men in
power. The Sub Democratic General Com
mittee waited on the Mayor saying tliat the
article had been dictated'by him. This the
Mayor denied. Registrar McClaugldiH, the
spokesman or the party, then challenged
the Mayor to come into the streets, declar
ing that ir he did he would knock the
Mayor's head ofl". There are suspicions
tliat the Mayor had something to do with
the publication, and McClauglilin threatens
to use the cowhide if he discovers the real
author of the libel.
The Eric Impresiarlo.
The order of arrest, which had been Is
sued against James Fisk, Jr., charged with
using funds belonging to Mrs. Josephine
Mansfield, wliile acting in a fiduciary capac
ity, was served yesterilay afternoon by De
puty Sheriir Jarvis. At 4 o'clock Mr. Jar
vis walked into Fisk's room, at the Grand
0iera House, and addressing his prisoner,
said:
"I have an order fiir vour arrest. It is
granted in the suit of Mrs. Helen Josephine
I Mansfield against you."'
Fisk laughed heartily. "So it's Mansfield,
again, is it? We'll liavcgboudsmen here,"
and he called Chas. Robinson, of Fislikill,
j and B. W. Blancliard, each of whom quali
fied as bondsmen, and both were accepted,
j The amount of bail is SVi.OOO.
A letter from Mansfield to Fisk upbraids
i him for perfidy, and says it is a shame
to compel her who grew up with him from
nothin;; to the now great Erie impressario,
to vipdicate herself in court. She refers to
still able to protect lum.
the city to-day on the Mansfield-Fisk cor!
respondence. Revelations are expected
damaging to the Erie officials, as well as
Tweed and Sweeny and other Tam
manyites. Fisk attempts to explain the
Mansfield letter by declaring that tlie suit
is an attempt to extort money from him.
He was to-day busy preparing liis defence
snd holding consultation with legal gentle
men. The Defaulting Postmaster.
Some of the property of the defaulting
Assistant Postmaster, Norton, was disosed
of by his sureties, at auction, yesterday.
Nearly $00,000 worth was sold for less
than $20,000.
The Greeleyitcs Denounce the Com.
mlttee of Seventy.
At a meeting of the Greeley Representa
tive Convention to-night, resolutions were
Issed condemning the action of the Com
mittee of Seventy in strikin" off the names
i of three out or the fosir aldennanic candi
dates placed by the organization on the
county ticket, "declaring its adherence to
the original ticket and that the other wing
of the representatives as well as the reform
ers are dissatisfied with the alterations of
the ticket by the Committee of Seventy.
Itcgistcrlng.
To-day, the second of registration, C8,0S0
voters registered. On the first day 23,730
registered. Total registration to dale 91,
S10". Two days still remain to receive the
names of voters. Total registration last
year, 142,000.
The German Joint Committee to-night
indorsed O'DonOVan Rossa for Senator.
The Kivccts of .Speculation.
A Long Island Sugar Refinery Company
are reported as about to suspend. The
embarrassments of the company, which are
nearly $730,000, is said to be due to exces
sive spectdations in molasses, since which
the market has declined.
Anncke Jans.
Yesterilay a jietition was presented for
letters of administration by the heirs of
Anneke Jans. The petition disputes again
the title to the Trinity Church property.
ARKANSAS.
Wanton Assault on Faithful .Servants.
Little Rock, Nov. 1. Col. W. J. Fat
ton, publisher of the .loitrnal, who was re
moved from the jwsition of Internal Reve
nue Collector by the President, is Vice Pres
ident or the Republican Southern Press As
sociation. Some movers were passing through t lie city
yesterday en route from Gorgia with sev
eral negro men and women who wore raised
with the family, and as a matter of choice,
were going to Texas with them. A ciowd
of about 200 negroes surrounded the wa
gons and took the negroes from them by
force against their protestations. Great
indignation is felt hero among the white
people at this outrage.
The Little Rock Conference of the M. E.
Church South met this morning, Bishop
McTyeire presiding. The Grand Lodge of
Odd Fellows met to-day also, Jno. 31.
Hanks, Grand Master, presiding. The
State Medical Association meets this even
ing. LOUISVILLE.
An Extraordinary Death.
Louisville, Nov. 1. On Monday a lit
tle girl 13 years old, named Anna Stacy,
three, miles frbmNew Albany was attacked
by a negro as she was returning from
schoolr'-Her cries alarmed her father, who
ran, to the rescue, but fell dead before he
reached the spot fiom a paroxysm or heart
disease. The negro escaped.
Another Bridge across the Falls.
A movement is on foot to build another
bridge across the river at this jKiint, and is
meeting with general approbation.
Seven prisoners escaped from tlie Jefler
sonville (Ind.) State Prison this morning,
but were recaptured after an exciting chase.
They were floggad and locked up in their
cans.
THE MORMON OKUSADE.
Heglra of tho Polygamous
Prophet.
i.j
Brlgham Young a Fugitive .from. JaL
tice.
Salt Lake, Nov. 1. To-day everything
is pacific, and there is not the least proba
bility of any outbreak or difficulty; Tlie1
.Mormons all disclaim tne mosr remote
intention of resisting the law.
It is understood that Marslial Patrick is
preparing an expedition' to follow"1and a?-1
rest Krigliain 1 oung. Reliable reports are
to the effect tliat Brigham Young- is still
moving southward, having with him eleven
wagons and one hundred armed men
mounted.
GEORGIA.
Infested ivitli
Klux.
Thc Coast
Negro
Ku-
Savaxnaii, Ga., Nov. 1. The Mont
mlllon party, who weni shot and wounded
by a band of South' Carolina negro Ku
Klux, are in the city and. will recover. No
arrests of the negroes. Negro highwaymen
liave been robbing countrymen coining to'
Savannah by the Louisville road.
EOEEIGN.
RUSSIA.
Catacnzy.
St. Petersburg, Nov. 1. The Journal
De St. Petersburg denies that Minister
Catacazy has been removed, or that he can
not stay in Washington after the visit of
the Grand Duke Alexis. It states that
Curtin, the American Minister, lias never
informed the Government here that the
American Government threatened to send
thc Russian Minister his passports.
great Britain.
The Coming Revolution.
New York, Nov. 1. En&llsh papers re
ceived to-night contain additional denials
from conservative Lords and statesmen of
any knowledge of a new alliance between
the Peers and the people," concerning the
new social movement, but it is stated in a
letter to the London Telegraph from the
Executive London Council that the signa
tures of the Lords are in the possession of
Odo Russell, and that on the other hand
tlie Lords know who were the co-signatories
on the part of the artisans.
SPAIN.
A Triangular Tussle.
Madrid, Nov. 1. The Radicals will
make an attack on the government next
week in the Cortes; on what particular
question is yet uncertain. The result de
pends on the attitude of the Carlists, as
they hold the balance of power.
TIIE WEST INDIES.
On Fire at Sea.
Kinoston, Jam., Oct. 30. The British
mail steamer Veneznlian took fire at sea on
her voyage from Liverpool. The flames were
extinguished on reaching the harbor of
Santa Martha by scuttling the forward part
or the vessel, submerging one or the water
tight compartments. The fire lasted thirty
one hours. It will take ten days to repair.
BRAZIL.
Progress of Emancipation.
New York, Nov. 1. Rio Janeiro ad
vices of Oct. 8, give a full text of the eman
cipation bill. It frees all children born of
sUves after its date, and all slaves of gov
ernment, numbering 1,700, and establishes
an emancipation fund for the benefit of ex
isting slaves.
The Government Is congratulated by all
foreign ministers and felicitations are pour
ing in from all parts of 'Brazil. Already
evidences of movement among owners in
direction of converting slaves into free ten
ant fanners or Treeing them upon condition
of a few years labor.
CONDENSED TELEGRAMS.
The all-devouring Pennsylvania Central
wants to lease the Philadelphia, 'Wilming
ton and Baltimore road.
Boston puts in a bid for the next Radical
Presidential Convention.
The Mexican Rebels have cut off all com
munications with Monterey.
A boiler explosion in Baltimore yesterilay
killed one man, and severely scalded a
number of others.
Von Roon, the German Minister of War,
is on the sick list.
The cabinet crisis in Austria remains Un
solved. 'The lloboken Common Council have
ordered horse railroads torn up, as the com
panies have not paid license.
TIIK HEIGHT OF JIETLOKN.
A table of remarkable interest, showing
the heights of sixteen shooting stars doubly
observed in England during the meteoric
shower or August, 1870, independently cr
the cpj-eftil observations recorded at the
Greeuwicli observatory, appears in the last
volume or reports or the British Associa
tion or Science. A comparison or the ob
servations made at Greenwich on that oc
casion, vi ith those recorded in other sta
tions, enables the paths or thirteen meteors,
ten or which are new to the former list, to
be determined J .and the heights and veloci
ties or the meteors thus Identified and
which must certainly be regarded as one of
the most interesting achievements of astro
nomical science dre presented in this re
port. The results or these pbservations show
that the average height or sixteen meteors,
referred to iu the last report, was 73 miles
at first appearance, and 48 miles at disap
pearance; or 13 meteors given in the pre
sent list, 72 miles at first appearance, and
34 miles at disappearance; or 20 meteors,
observed in August, 1803, S2 miles at first
appearance, aud 58 at disappearance.
Thus it appears that the present average
heights are somewhat less tlian those ol
served in 18C3, but they agree more closely
with the general average height at first ap
pearance, viz seventy mile3 and that at
disappearance viz: fifty-four miles. The'
average velocity of the Perscids, relative to
the earth, observed in tlie year 1803, was
thirty-four miles per second, and that or the
three Perseids iu present list was thirty-
seven miles per second; while the velocity
obtained from the cosmical theory was
thirty-eight miles per second.
GOOD JOKE OX A RAILROAD PKESI.
DE.VT.
Col. Cook, General Ticket Agent ol the
Peoria, Pekin and Jacksonville Railway,
tells the following good joke on the Presi
dent or one of the railroads or Central Illi
nois. He says that the railroad official re
ferred to was in New York recently, and
wishin" to return via the Erie Railway, ap
plied to Col. Jim Fisk for a pass over said
great morouguiaru. ujioii luiruuiitmg iimi
seir to the redoubtable Fisk, and making
known the object of his call, the pass was
made out and handed to him. Just as he
was turning to leave, Fisk said "Oh, Mr.
A what is tlie length or your road?"
and when receiving the reply, "Eighteen or
twenty miles," said, "Ah, ir I had known
that I would have given you a check for the
road instead or a pass." Whereupon th
Illinois railroad President suddenly van
ished in the distance.
Among the many curiosities on exhibi
tion at the New York State Fair was an old
fashioned carriage built in London93 years
ago for Gen. Lafayette. In its day it must
have been a beautiful vehicle, and even now
retains all pristine strength and almost its
early colors. It is built in the old style,
with an elevated box and steps to enter.
There is a seat for the driver in front and
footman in rear. The Inside is lined with
green cloth and red leather, the former .be
ing ornamented with gold lace, all hi a re
markable state of preservation. The body
is painted in gold colors, and the panels
bear Lafayette's coat of arms and the fam-
iljr crest painted on them.
-EVAWS, 3FXTE,
I
WHOLESALE
DRY GOODS,
WASKVUjTjE, T3S3Nr3Nr.
AltE 8PW BECEIPT OF A VERY LARGE STOCK OF
FOREIGN AM) DOMESTIC DRY GOODS, ffOHOXS, ETC.,
FOR THE FALL TRADE,
TO WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OP MERCHANTS:
EVANS, FITE, PORTER CO.
THE IMPERIAL, FIRE INS. CO.
LONDON.
Assets $8,000,000 Gold.
UNIMPAIRED BY
AND
ALL LIABLE FOR AMERICAN FJRE LOSSES.
LOSSES AT CHICAGO '$125,000,
KErXG DEVOTED EXCLUSIVELY TO
INSURANCE AGAINST FIRE,
SHE HAS NO LIFE LIABILITIES,
Hence she offers greater security than any Company In America.
POLICIES PROMPTLY ISSUED. LOSSES ADJUSTED AND
PAID AT TjHIS OFFICE AT OlfCE.
oc23 Iwsp Istp
S. B. SPURLOCK.
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
WHOLESALE GROCERS ID COTTON FACTORS,
DEALERS IX FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 33 Broad Street,
STASH J J.XiXj3EIy TENNT.
Bagging and Ties Tarnished
EitclutlTe Agents for the tale of Manning's Whisky and AnnU Sheeting.
oclSmsp
GILBERT, PARKES CO.,
COTTON FACTORS,
.Yos. 57 and 59 South College Street,
Being located at the large new warehouse formerly occupied by
GEO. C. ALLEN fc CO., and havinz increaW facilities for Handling Cotton and
other Produce, wc hope, witn renewed efforts to merit a continuation of the liberal patronage
heretofore bestowed upon n-.
Bngginy and Ties furnished and Advancements made on Consignments.
AGENTS FOR THE CELEBRATED CARVER COTTON GINS.
anglSeod till novO
SHELBYYILLE.
Bedford CotiMty Items Election, Etc.,
Etc
To the Editors of the Union and American:
Suelbyville, Tesn., Oct. 30, 1871
Tlie election of a City Council last Satur
day stirred our little towu more than any
thing has done since the close of the "fair."
There were opposing candidates for every
position except Mayor, and a lively general
interest was manifested in tlie result.
Some of our boys "wire-worked'' zeal
ously to elect a ticket opposed to the re-appointment
of Policeman Connerly. How
they succeeded we cannot say, for we do
not know who were their candidates.
With tlie exception of a few scattering
ones, we give the full vote as it stood upon
the clerk's record:
Mayor John W. Ruth, 24U.
Recorder James T. 3Dller, 133; L. II..
Russ, 103; W- W. Gunter, 24.
Town Constable G. C. Keely, 154; J.
M. Elkins, 88; J- M. Jarrell, 19.
Aldermen 1st ward C. A. Warren 104,
Thos. J. Roane 04, J. A. Blakemore 14.
2d ward J. AV. Thompson, Esq., 144, II.
L. W. Little 90. 3d ward Wm. G. Cowan
97, D. J. Christopher 00. 4th ward A. J.
Jarrell 127, J- F. Tarker 74. 5th ward F.
M. rratt 174, AV. J. Chockley 47, Frank
Stamps, colored, 14. 6th ward J. Z.
I'lemmons. 132, T. S. Steele 01, U. E. Iea
cock32. So the Bo.ird now consists: John W.
Ruth, Mayor; C. A. AA'arren, Alderman 1st
ward; John AV. Thompson, Esq., 2d ward;
AVm. G. Cowan 3d ward A. J. Jarrell 4th
ward F. M. lVatt 5th ward J. Z. I'lem
mons Gtli ward James S. Miller, Recorder;
G. C. Xeely, Town Constable. It will be
seen from this record that a negro called
Frank Stamps presented himself for posi
tion, and received only 14 votes.
COLORED FAIR.
The colored people were ujwn the day of
the election in thc midst of a very interest-in"-
Agriculturid "Fair," which commenced
on Friday and lasted two days. Many of
our prominent white citizens attended, and
report that considering everything they suc
ceeded admirably.
AVe like to see the colored poople striving
to advance themselves, and improve tlieir
wndition; and think the white people
ought to encourage, and assist them in
every industrial, educational, or religious
enterprise, that tends to their development
and advancement.
WOI5K TO BE DONE.
The new Board of Mayor and Aldermen
is a good one, aid we feel sure they will
faitlifully guard the interests of the town.
There is work to be done and we hope
they will do it at once.
There ought to be a new brick pavement
built from the conier of the Square to the
Depot. It wo dd give straugers who come
in a better impression of the place, aud lc
sides tliat street is more universally used
by onr own citizens tlian any in town.
THE COCKTHOrSE.
The work upon th Courthouse is pro-
.waosImi wall nrifVr the sunervisiort of Mr.
UosMg. He seems to be giving elose at
tention, and with the assistance of the com
mittee, we have no doubt will successfully
complete the job to the satisfaction oD a
large majority!
SEAL ESTATE.
There wereYnumhe'r of vacant lots, and
POBTEB CO.
DEALERS IN
NOTIONS, ETC.,
RECENT FIRES
PAID WITHOUT DISCOUNT.
W. C. NELSON, Agent,
12 Maxwell House, Nashville.
J. M. SPURLOCK.
and Liberal Advances made.
COMMISSION MERGHAN
a lionse and lot sold at public sale to-day,
by Maj. James F. Cnmmings. They all
sold very low. There is really no market
for real estate here now.
TOE CORN CROP
In Beiford is only tolerably good, and com
w selling at the low price of $2 per barrel
delivered in the shuck.
religious.
Rev. T. II. Ilinson, pastor of the M. E.
Church South at this place for the past two
years, left last week for his new field of
labor at New Providence. He was very
much beloved by his flock, and will long
live iu their hearts. He is a mau of fine
natural talent and will make his mark as a
minister.
Rev. P. A. Sowel, the new pastor, is a
very young man, but he preaches in the
spirit, and with power, and we think will
sustain himself well in his work. He has
preached tliree sermons, and the people are
wonderfully well pleased with him.
Itemizeu.
TIIE PATAOONIANS AND Til EI n IX
FAXTH.
Their superstition makes them regard as
divinities all phenomenal children, princi
pally such as are born vith a larger num
ber of fingers or toes than is natural to
them. According to their belief, it is a pas
sage of great happiness for their family. As
to"those tliat are altogether deformed such
cases are very rare or whose constitution
does not appear to fit them for the kind of
life they would have to lead, they make
away with them, either by breaking their
limbs or smothering them; they then carry
them to a distance and abandon them,
without burial, to the wild dogs and
binls of prey. If the innocent little crea
ture is considered worthy to li-e,it becomes
from tliat instant the object of the whole
love of its parents, who, if necessary, will
submit themselves to the greatest privations
to satisfy its least wants or exactions. They
place their new-born on a small ladder,
which serves it instead of a cradle. The
uppe portion of its little body rests on the
cross-pieces or rounds ranged close together,
and covered with sheepskin, while the lower
part is enclosed in a sort of hollow formed
by other cross pieces below the uprights.
The child is held in this position by soft
cords wound above the shins, which serve
it instead of linen. Three Yearn of Slate
ry among the Patagonians.
MARRTING FOR MONEY.
Marrying for money in the expectation of
soon becoming a rich widow or widower is
a very uncertain speculation. A California
correspondent of the Chicago Tribune gives
an account of a gentleman, formerly in the
Spanish army, who long ago married a
widow lady fifty-seven years of age, who
was possessed of great riches, with a con
sumptive tendency and no incumbrances.
She was much older tlian the bridegroom,
but her prospects for au extended lease of
life were very poor, and the mercenary
husband congratulated himself on th proli
ability of speedily coming into fnll and un
divided possession of her fortune. But,
alas for the uncertainty of human hopes!
that indomitable woman with a consump
tive tendency, hi defiance of1 all iaws of
probability, continued to live on until fifty
seven more years had expired, and has-only
recently departed, at the ripe age ,of gne,
jrandred and fourteen.'
or
Mei's aa4 leys' .(Mnif
AND
FURNISHING-GOODS,
34 North Summer Street,
(near cariox)
Business Suits j
Dress Suits,
The promenade Suit,
The Pea Jacket Suit,
The JTewmarhet &ttt,
Dress Coats,
JFrocc Coats;'
Jlf anting Coats,
Evening- Costf,
ELEGANT LINES OF
English and French Casslr
and Black Boeskli
STYLISH CUT AND KABE EICAL T
ANY CUSTOM WORK.
Fall Overcoats!
IX GREAT VARIETY.
BOYS' WEAR!
Boys' School Suits,
Hoys' Dress Suits,
Boys' Harvard Suits,
Children's Suits, thre-3 years and
upward.
Youths' Dress Suits,
youths' Promenade Sntisi
SHIRTS! SHXRTSH
Dress and Business Shirts.
Sfrerfof Shirts.
NOBBY NECK WSA1
CARRIAGE ROBES,
TROis, tries, mmm m
34 IforthS
wp3eUUjan9,T2ip lstp
St.
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
CLOTHING TRADE.
We have Just opened a
large)' Stock of Ready-made
Goods, adapted to the early
Fall and Winter wear of the
Southwest, than ever before,
which we will sell (to mer
chants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Particidar attention is call
ed to our Neio Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at which we offer
them, they are the: cheapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A fidl line of Beaver 0.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefully filed.
B0L1YAI H. COOKE &C
NASHVUiLVE, TEH.
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 PuUk
Square.
leplOtf
BOOK AND JOB PR'NJJNJjj.
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
UNION AND AMERICAN
IS PREPARED TO TURN OUT
JOB PRINTING
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,
In tbe Host SaU factory Styls.
Brief Notice, at tlie low
est Ratea.
OUR OFFICE. IN ALL ITS DEPART
MENTS, IS ONE OF
THE MOST COMPLETE HIM Ml
NPECIAL ATTK5TIOS
tS QITEX TO
ORDERS FROM THE' tHHiliTIT,
.1.,, i j. ;Wi
CITE A' TRIAL.