85 hf ruc $t or Hunter.
PAW PAW, MICHIGAN.
NEWS SUMBIARY.
Tho East.
Deitiiam it Fiunck's piano factory, New
York, was burned V tluostlny morning.
While a number of firemen werv engaged on
one eiMo of tho building, in putting up lail
tlers to carry lioso, tho roof fell in, causing
tho buIo walls to fall over, burying eleven
liremen in the ruins. Other firemen ami tho
polico went immediately to work to clear
away the ruins, ami finally rescued them
alive, although two aro believed to be fatally
injured Frank "Winslow, of tho Boston
Journal, while, stepping from a car at New
ton, on Tuesday evening, was struck by
anether train, and instantly killed Tho
fishing schooner Fitz E. ltiggs, of Glouces
ter, has been lost, with all hands, on tho
Grand Banks.
Thi: coldness of tho weather at this time
of year is unprecedented in Eastern Maine.
Tho boys are skating upon tho ponds in tho
vicinity of Belfast The Trivolean Hotel
and tho Railroad House, two of tho largest
hotels on Coney Island, near New York,
were destroyed by fire on Tuesday night.
Loss about $50,000 Northrop A. Kemp,
Tostmuster at Luzerne, Penn., was lateiy
sentenced to ten years' imprisonment in tho
Penitentiary for opening letters and for
forging pension vouchers. T. Von Kenney,
for attempting to pass counterfeit money,
went five years to the samo institution.
Sparks from a locomotive, on Thursday,
started a fire in Westchester county, Now
York, burning six acre3 of woodland.
An entire square of buildings was burned
at Brookville, Ta., on tho 5th inst., involv
ing a loss of $70,000.
Ellkky E. Danikls, tho defaulting cashier
of the Webster National Bank, of Boston,
has been sentenced to five years' imprison
ment Itis officially announced that the
German steamer Franklin, in quarantino at
New York, has 40 cases of cholera on board.
There were 28 deaths on tho voyage. M early
everybody aboard was more or less a fleeted,
in most cases seriously. Further deaths are
probable. A rigid quarantine is enforced.
Every effort is made to alleviate tho suffer
ings, but care is taken to prevent the spread
of the contagion On Sunday, at New
York, a cripple named Mary Sullivan was
burned to death in a fire which broke out in
a tenement house in Cherry street The
Canadian schooner Juliette sunk off Madi
son, 0., on Friday night. All on board
were lost, except tho cook, William II.
Thayer.
The West.
At Chicago, on Wednesday, whilo a pas
senger train of tho Northwestern railroad
was crossing tho river, a tug boot ran into
tho bridge, forcing it open, and throwing tho
locomotivo and tender into the river. A
young man named Wm. Lee, who was riding
on the locomotive, was drowned. By the
fortunate breaking of a coupling, the pas
senger cars, eight in number, were left on
solid ground, thereby preventing great loss
of life. Tho captain of tho boat was arrest
ed, and a thorough investigation will be
had A letter from Knobnostcr, Mo., men
tions a singular physical phenomenon oc
curring there. It says a continual rain has
descended for two weeks from a cloudless
sky, and confined to a spnea of only twenty
miles in diameter. This phenomenon has
been observed by many persons, and the
writer asks for a scientific explanation
Gen. Schofield will be placed by the Indian
Bureau in control of the Indians of Arizona.
He is instructed to bring them all in upon
reservations, and keep tkem there. They
will bo lull y protected in all their rights
while on the reservation. If they leave to
go upon the war-path they will be punished.
Mr. N. Molter, of Adeline, Ogle county,'
111., blew out the gas in his room at the
Southern Hotel, on Tuesday night, and as a
consequence was found dead in his bed the
next day Philip and Daniel Jones, and a
man lmmed Wright, have been arrested by
Uhitui States Marshal Patrick, for the mur
der of Bennett, whoso body was recently
found near Salt Lake City, und who was re
ported to have been kille.l while in the act
of stealing horses. It is said now, and gen
erally be lieved, that Bennett was shot in
cold blood, on account of a woman The
weather is reported extremely severe in some
of tho mining districts of Utah. In the Big
Cottonwooil, on Wednesday, the enow was
two feet dei-p on a level, with fearful drifts.
As high ao $30 was offered to carry sixty
pounds of provisions up the canyon, but no
teamsters could be found to attempt the
passage. It is feared the miners will suffer
for want of food Gov. Fairchihl, of .Wis
consin, announces that tho sufferers by the
tires in lhat State have been abundantly
supplied, and that no further contributions
are needed.
O.v the morning of the 9th, tho Bank of
Geueva, at Geneva Lake, Wis., was entered
by burglary, and robbed of about twenty
five thousand dollars. It is supposed that
two men were engaged in tho robbery, but
they escaped The Government proposes
to purchase the entire block upon which tho
Post Office at Chicago was located, and erect
a building large enough for all the Govern
ment offices. The cost, including tho
ground, will be from $4,000,000 to $5,000,000.
As tiik passenger train on the North Mis
souri and Pacific railroad, which left St.
Louis Saturday morning, having two cars
attached containing ninety-five recruits
from New Albany, was approaching Wells
ville, a rail broke, and tho two rear
cars, containing the recruits, flew the
track, and rollal down the embankment,
turning two r three times. At tho latest
accounts sixteen soldiers had been killed
outright or died of their wounds. Edward
Colvin, brakeman, was also killed.
The South.
Thk steamboat Wade Hampton sprung a
leak ai d sunk in the Mississippi river, near
Donaldsonville, Wednesday morning. Tho
pteamer was valued at $fi0,000 A party of
coon hunters near In wood, Md., on Satur
day night, sat down on a railroad track and
fell usleet). An express train rushed by,
killing John Green, throwing him a distance
of sixty feet. Two of his companione wcro
badly injured.
Last Saturday, two negroes, while going
homo from Grenada, Miss., was shot by
Jack Trebble, a worthless fellow. One was
killed and the other mortally wounded.
Trebble lias been arrested.
Wftsh in gton.
At the next session of Congross ten or
twelve bills will be introduced for the re
vival of American fehip-building, which
propose to grant subsidicn, to take off tho
duty on all articles that enter into ship
building, to construct vessel that will suit
tho merchant service in time of peace and
the naval service in war, etc. It i. stated
that tho President and Secretary of the
Treasury m thcjr annual messages will
I";1;M earnest, appeal to Ciirc lor
ogis lation to revive our ship-building in
,rests All the Government officials fa-
vor tho erection of a public building in Chi
cago for Government uses which will bo
equally as large as any similar edifice in
the country. The estimated cost of such a
building is fixed at about $4,000,000. The
Secretary of the Treasury will make this
suggestion in his annual report to Congross,
and it is understood that tho President
will in his next message recommend Con
gress t make a liberal appropriation for
tho purpose.
Tiik Supreme Court of tho District of Co
lumbia has rendered a decision adverse to
the females who entered suit t enforce
their claims to vote. 'I he court bases its
decision on tho organic act creating tho new
district government, which expressly re
stricts suffrago to males Minister Nelson,
at Mexico, has been instructed to call upon
Juarez to take measures to prevent the con
stant depredations of tho Mexicans on the
Texas frontier. These incursions havo been
growing more frequent and daring, and un
less soon stopped, Gen. Augur, the new com
mander at San Antonio, will bo called on to
interpose the military arm to arrest or drive
back tho invaders.
Thk demand for troops to assist in the
enforcement of tho Ku-Klux acts in the
South exceeds the supply. Tho Attorney
General and Secretary of War havo had a
conference for the re-distribution of troops
in the martial law district in South Caro
lina Tho proposition of all the Demo
cratic and some of tho Republican members
of tho Ku-klux Committee to recommend
Congress to provido general amnesty is not
certain to bo adopted by tho full committee.
So far as the President's views are known,
ho is said to be opposed to general amnesty
now, and will not recommend it in the an
nual message.
Foreign.
Thk emigration returns of the port of
Liverpool, for tho month of October, show a
total of 14,363 departures for the United
States The British expedition for the ob
servation of tho total eclipse of tho sun on
tho 17th of December prox. has arrived at
tho island of Malri.
Th k unveiling of tho statue of tho Em
peror Maximilian took placo at Vienna, on
tho 7th, with solemn and imposing ceremo
nies. Tho Emperor Francis Joseph, Arch
dukes, and members of tho Ministry took
part in tho solemnity. Large crowds of
people also attended, and manifested their
respect for tho ill-fated monarch by impres
sive silence Tho movement for enhanced
wages continues at Rouen, where the strikes
among tho several trades are on tho in
crease A negro woman, of highly re
spectable character, has been arrested at
Jacmel, Jamaica, upon tho extraordinary
charge of cannibalism. The accusation al
leges that she has killed and eaten twenty
six children, whom she had inveigled into
her premises for that purpose.
Anauchv prevails in many States of
Mexico. Tho revolution in Nueva Leon
still continues. Tho revolutionary move
ments are spreading to other provinces. The
revolutionists in Zacatecas have invaded the
State of San Luis Potosi. Numerous bauds
of men aro sacking tho villages and hacien
das in tho States of Hidalgo and Mexico and
tho Federal district. Robberies are com
mitted in sight of tho gates of tho city
The remains of General Robert Anderson
will bo conveyed to America in the United
States steamer Guerriere.
A swindler named Charles J. Whitting
ton, of No. 34 John street, New York, has
been sending circulars to London, offering
counterfeit notes on the Bank of England at
low rates. Tho police magistrates there
have telegraphed the facts to the New York
police. Whittington is doubtless one of the
saw-dust" swindlers The Lord Mayor's
show, with the usual display and procession
to Westminster Hall, took place at Loudon
on the 9th A terrible explosion occurred
on Thursday, in tho coal mine near St.
Etienne, France, while the gangs were at
work. None of tho men have yet been re
covered alive. Twenty-two Lodies have
been taken out, and 30 miners are still in
th c pit, all of whom are supposed to be dead.
The. explosion was caused by fire-damp
The general councils of tnc departments
throughout France are considering the sub
ject of compulsory education. Several have
already adopted "tho system, and there is
good reason to believe that 11 will eventu
ally accept and carry it into practical opera
tion A conference of diplomats will be
held at Dresden at an early day to devise
precautionary measures against tho Inter
national Society The degree of Doctor of
Medicine ha.-: been conferred upon Miss
Dimock, an American lady, bv tho Univer
sity of Zurich, Switzerland. She had com
pleted her studies in the medical school at
tached to the university.
The steamship Halsatia, of the Hamburg
American line, in leavirg Plymouth, Eng
land, while on the way to Hamburg, collided
with a schooner which sank, and all the
crew perished Prince Pierre Bonaporte,
notorious for his participation in the assas
sination of Victor Noir, was married on
Monday at the French Legation in Brussels
to Mdlle. Rililn Pope Pius IX. declares
himself sole King of Rome, and announces
his determination to hold no official inter
course with any foreign representatives at
the court or near the person of Victor Em
manuel. A formidable plot of tionn pa rtist Generals,
headed by Floury, to arrest Thiers and
proclaim tho empire, has boea discovered.
The plotters' papers are in the possession of
Thiers.
Mayor Hall's Disci; ace. Until re
cently a photograph ol' Mayor Hall
lmn,!i in tho council room of tho New
York University, of which institution
he is a graduate. The students, on
learning of his connection with the
frauds of the ling, ivsolved that it was
a disgrace to allow it to hang there
longer. Accordingly, on the day on
which the Mayor was summoned to ap
pear before the grand jury they tore it
from the wall, formed in procession,
marched thiough the hall with it, and
then broke it into a thousand pieces.
A gentleman who had taken the
horse cars for the Worcester Depot, in
Boston, encumbered with manifold bags
and parcels, reached the bell-rope with
an eflbrt when he wished to get ofF,
and gave u vigorous pull the result
was a sharp ring from both belK "What
are you ringing both ends for?'' was the
discourteous and surly inquiry of tho
conductor. Because I wish the car to
stop at both ends," was the quiet reply.
It is related that when Beecher was
in the country last summer, he lost his
hat, and found it in about a wee': in a
barn where he had left it, but with four
eggs in it. This is as it should be.
Beecher had just written a eulogy on
the hen; why shouldn't the Hen-reward
Beecher?
Domestic infelicity prompted Mrs.
Williams, of Philipshurg, Pa., to jump
into the Lehigh canal but she was
fished out, went into convulsion, ami
remained unconscious for some time.
While in this Mute her husband showed
how remorseful he felt by rilling her
pockets and making ol!"
THE WISCONSIN FINES.
A Humming Vv f Iom of Life and Pro
perty. A correspondent of tho Milwaukee
Wisconsin, who has traveled through
the burned regions in Wisconsin, thus
sums up tho loss of life and property
in the country through which ho
passed
After making a deduction for exag
geration, I supposed that 500 would
cover tho number of dead on the west
side of tho bay. I now learn from re
liable sources that the actual number
of interments up to Monday night,
counted up to 501. Add another 100
for remains of ashes and charred bones
at Peshtigo, and I think we havo not
far from the true number on the west
side. Add 150 for the east side mak
ing 750 in all and the death roll is
nearly complete.
It is impossible to figure the aggre
gate losses of pine timber and farm
property with any degree of closeness.
It is to the ihterest of mill men to un
derrate the amount of fallen pine that
must be secured this winter to save it.
A medium estimate of damage to pine
lands in the (Ireen Bay region is
$400,000. The damage on the Wolf is
figured at $300,000. The loss of tho fif
tern sawmills burned is put at $225,000.
Tho loss of cordwood, ties, hemlock
bark, etc., is set at $200,000. The loss of
fencss, buildings, wagons, cattle, crops,
among the 000 farmers cannot be less
than $000,000 making a total aggre
gate ot more than $3,000,000, aside from
those of Peshtigo.
The country through from Brown
county north to Big Sturgeon Bay, for
400 square miles, is utterly devastated.
At least four hundred farms in this
tornado section alone are left desolate
stripped of every improvement.
Fences, barns, dwellings, implements,
furniture, wagons, harness, and crops,
all went up in a "whirlwind of fire."
It will take thirty years, in that cold,
hard soil, for their timber to grow
again. In the aggregate their losses
must foot up to $1,000 a family. Far
mers here have saved half of their
teams, that were let loose in the woods,
and a third of their stock. But they
have no hay, straw, grain, or feed of
any sort not even the poor chance of
browse in the woods. Nearly all, with
large families, have lost their lust cow
and pig. In a ride of six miles, on
nearly a straight line, 1 saw but three
hens, and a fanning mill the only
farm implement left in the town. In
the Belgian settlement, on Red lliver,
02 families were burned out in a row 1
Not a house, not a shed, not a coop
not one fence rail left upon another.
The families had fled, almost naked,
and breathless, to the few cabins on the
outskirts that were saved.
''There aro 300, or more, wounded
sufferers remaining in hotels, boarding
houses, and hospitals about the Bay.
Fifty of the Peshtigo sull'erers were at
the Dunlap Hous?, Marinette. Half of
them were able to be about. Burned
ears, faces, hands, and feet were com
mon to nearly all. Many in rooms
could hardly stir in bed. There were
women with great burns on the sides
and limbs, with faces like kettles, and
hands like claws, burned to the bones.
Men could fight better, and .flare more
than women. Most of them perished
by suffocation. Little children are sad
ly maimed in their feet and faces. I
saw one with a heel gone, and another
with an eye. Nearly all will recover
without loss of sight or limb. I could
iill a book with stories ol' the hospital.
Mot of them sutler more from hurts of
mind than body. I have a sad memory
of a poor widow who lost her crippled
boy who went on crutches, and a
sprightly little girl who fell between
the burning logs. They were all of her
family. 4 The screams of both,' she
said, seemed forever sounding in her
ears.' There is a future, and, no
doubt, compensations for all these suf
fering ones.
Most of these cabins that are left
are crowded with two and three fami
lies each. I saw one with four men,
five women, and sixteen children two
of them suckers. They had just re
ceived an outfit ol clothing warm
stockings, knit hoods, thin shawls, thin
gaiters, and light colored dresses for the
women and girls; old-fashioned hats,
bursted boots, thin jackets, and sum
mer coats and pants for the men and
boys. There was some occasions of
laughter, but none of ridicule; all were
glad and surprised at getting what they
did. 1 saw no immediate want of pro
visions. Flour, pork, and hard bread
are distributed to all, packages of tea
and coffee to most. There are nearly
potatoes enough in the country, if dis
tributed. Their stock that is left has
been driven olV to meadows and fields
not burned over. One large hearted old
farmer wai keeping eighty odd cattle
belonging to his unfortunate neighbors.
Without stopping to consider the ways
of Providence, or the uses of philoso
phy, these simple-minded people seem
to have understood the art of helping
one another.
An Egyptian Sand Storm.
A traveler writes of his experience
in Egypt as follows
44 We hired donkeys at the sta
tion to go to tho 6ite of Memphis, five
miles distant. Before starting we no
ticed that the sun was clouded in, and
to me it seemed that a rain storm was
coming up. But it very rarely rains in
Egypt, and to those familiar with tho
climate the signs indicated something
infinitely worse a sand storm. We
had not reached a mile from the sta
tion when it came down upon us with
great fury. The force of the wind was
terrific, and the flying sand seemed to
cut the skin like a knife. In a minute
we were blinded, in spite of the goggles
we wore, and the sand penetrated eyes,
nose, ears and mouth. Wc were in a
desert of sand, and the air was so full
of the flying cloud that we could not
see ten feet before us. We turned our
backs to the gale, and the howling of
the wind and the braying of the don
keys made such music as I never heard
before, and hope never to hear again.
I had read of caravans being over
whelmed and buried in the sands, but
could never before realize the horrors
of such a catastrophe. I took the pur.
gee off my hat and tied it over my face
lor a veil, ami holding on to our Monks'
for dear life, we took refuge under the
lee of the sand hill until the gust had
passed over. It lasted about twenty
minutes, and left the sand drifted in
places like snow."
Names of the States.
A correspondent inquires why the
States aro called by their present names,
and what their derivation and mean
ing: Maine So called from tho province
of Maine, in France, in compliment to
(Jueen Henrietta,, of England, who, it
has been said, owned that province.
This is the commonly received opinion.
New Hampshire Named by .lohn
Mason, in 103J (who with another ob
tained the grant from the crown), from
Hampshire county, in England. The
former name of tho domain was
Laconia.
Vermont From the French verd mont,
or green mountain, indicative of the
mountainous nature of the State. The
name was first officially recognized Jan.
10. 1777.
Massachusetts Indian name, signi
fying 44 the country about the great
hills."
Khode Island This name was adopt
ed in 10 H from the Island of Khodes,
in the Mediterranean, Lecauso of its
resemblance to that island.
Connecticut This is the English
orthograph of the Indian word ljuon-eh-ta-cut,
which signifies 44 the long river."
New York Named by the Duke of
York,' under color of title given him by
the English crown in 1004.
New Jersey So called in honor of
Sir (Jeorgo Carteret, who was Governor
of tho Island of Jersey, in the British
Channel.
Pennsylvania From William Penn,
the founder of the colony, meaning
44 Penn's woods."
Delaware In honor of Thomas
West, Lord de-la-Ware, who visited the
bay and died there in 1010.
Maryland After Henrietta Maria,
Queen of Charles I., of England.
Virginia So called in honor of
Queen Elizabeth, the 44 virgin queen,"
in whoso reign Kir Walter italeigh
made tho first attempt to colonizo that
region.
North and South Carolina were or
iginally in one tract, called 44 Carol an a"
after Charles IX, of France, in 1504.
Subsequently, in 1005, the name was
altered to Carolina.
Georgia So called in honor of
(ieorge II., of England, who established
a colony in that region in 1732.
Florida Ponce de Leon, who dis
covered this portion of North America
in 1512 named it Floriday in commemo
ration of the day he landed there,
which was the Pasquas do Flores of the
Spaniards, or Feast of Flowers," other
wise known as Easter Sunday.
Alap.ama Formerly a portion of
Mississippi Territory, admitted into the
Union as a State in 1810. Tho name is
of Indian origin, signifying 4Here we
rest."
Mississippi Formerly a portion of
the province of Louisiana. So named
in 1800 from the great river on the
western line. The term is of Indian
origin, meaning 44 long river."
Louisiana From Louis XIV. of
France, who for some time prior to 1703
owned the territory.
Arkansas From Kansas," the
Indian woid for smoky water," with the
French prefix 44 are," bow.
Tennessee Indian for 44 the river of
the big bend," t. c., the Mississippi,
which is its western boundry.
Kentucky Indian for a at the head
of the river."
Ohio From the Indian, meaning
"beautiful." Previously applied to the
river, which tr iverscs a greater part of
its borders.
Michigan Previously applied to the
lake, the Indian name for a fish weir.
So-called from the fancied resemblance
of the lake to a fish-trao.
Indiana So-called in 1802 from the
American Indians.
Illinois From the Indian uillini,"
men, and the French sullix "ois," to
gether signifying 44 tribe of men."
Wisconsin Indian term for a "wild
rushing channel."
Missouri Named in 1821 from the
great branch of the Mississippi which
Hows through it. Indian term, meaning
44 muddy."
Iowa From the Indian, signifying
44 the drowsy ones."
Minnesota Indian for cloudy wa
ter." California The name given by
Cortes, the discover of that region. He
probably obtained it from an old Span
ish ronnnce, in which an imaginary
island of that name is described as
abounding in gold.
Oregon According to some from the
Indian Oregon, 44 river of tho west."
Others consider it derived from the
Spanish "orogano," wild marjoram,
which grows abundantly on the Pacific
coast.
Injustice to the Osages in Kansas.
Francis T. King, member of the Or
thodox Society of Friends, and Mr. Gib
sen, agent for the Osage Indians, lately,
had separate interviews with the Secre
tary of the Interior and President
Grant, also with the Board of Indian
Commissioners, on the subject of the
present condition of the Osage Indians.
Agent Gibson represents that there are
over 800 white trespassers from Kansas
on the new Osage Reservation, which
was recently set apart for those Indians
hy the Government, under the most
solemn pledges that white intruders
should be kept away, the Indians hav
ing been forced to sell their lands in
Kansas about a year ago, owing to simi
lar encroachments. The surveyors re
cently sent there by tho Government
to fix the lino of ninety-six degree, im
mediately out of which their new reser
vation is located, make the lino four
miles west of the previous official sur
veys, by which the choicest lands in
the valley of the Cana River will be
taken from the Osages, thus pushing
these Indians upon a mountainous re
gion which is worthless for agricultural
purposes. The Administration has di
rected that for the present the Indians
shall not be disturbed; that ample
measures shall be taken for their pro
tection, and their rights under the new
treaty fully secured to them.
Recently the names of several gentle
men have been mentioned in connec
tion with the Commissionership of In
dian Affairs, among them those of Col.
Tappan, Col. II. A. Clune, the present
Chief Clerk of the Bureau, nnd Gen. F.
A. Walker, the Chief of the Census
Bureau. The last-named is now on a
special mission to the Indian country.
Farm and Garden.
Keeping Cattle in the Stable. Farmers
not unfrequently allow their cattle to
remain out of doors, when the first cold
winter winds come, longer than they
should. They are not accustomed to
frost as they will be in February, and
thus they aro pinched and chilled, very
much to their injury. They should be
kept in the stables on these raw and
windy days all the time, with the ex
ception of being turned out for drink
in the morning, at noon and at night.
It will require less food to keep them,
besides contributing both to comfort
and health. An hour's sunning at noon
is also of great value.
Cutting Feed for Cattle and Horses.
The economy of cutting feed for cattle
and horses is well illustrated by the fol
lowing: A thrifty animal will consume abbut
three per cent, of its live weight in fod
der daily. For a cow of eight hundred
pounds twenty-four pounds of hay
should be provided. But it has been
abundantly proved that when this hay
is cut, wetted and mixed with the allow
ance of meal (two to four quarts), eigh
teen pound daily is ample to keep an
ordinary cow in good condition. Tho
difference, then, is tho amount saved,
which is equal to one-fourth. This
represents the gain in digestibilty of
food by tho method of preparing it. In
practice the gain is greater, because no
waste can occur in using cut feed,
while in using long hay much is always
wasted.
Care of Horses' Feet. The foot is the
most important part of a horse when
that is out of order the horse is entirely
useless. At this period of the year a
great deal of care and attention may
profitably be turned to the feet of our
horses. Mud, wet, slush, and filth of
any kind allowed to remain on a horse's
feet will certainly injure them. When
a horso is brought in from work the
feet and legs should be washed free
from dirt and rubbed dry. The hoof
should be occasionally well tarred with
common pine tar. If any injury occurs
from 44 calking" the cut should be kept
clean, and if it is at the junction of the
hoof and the skin pains should be taken
to heal it up at once, lest the hoof may
become permanently injured as it grows
downward. If it is kept soft and pli
able there is little danger of this, but if
it is allowed to become dry and brittle
bad sand-cracks or split-hoof may
occur.
Keeping Celery Through the Winter.
Peter Henderson, in his Gardening for
Profit," gives the following as his mode
of keeping celery through the winter
He banks up the plants early in the
autumn, only enough to keep them up
right or else he sets them a foot apart
each way when set out, so that by stand
ing so thick they can run up without
any banking at all. These are taken
up on dry days only and set in very
narrow ditches, dug just as deep as the
length of the plant- those for early
winter use about the end of October
those for mid-winter about the 10th of
November, and those to last toward
spring, as late as frost will permit, say
20th of November. They are set com
pactly together, upright, with no earth
except what goes on the roots. The
ground where the plants stand must
be high and dry, so that no water can
ever stand in the ditches. The portion
to be used early in winter will need but
little covering; but the covering for the
rest must be gradually deepenen, so as
to exclude the frot, until a foot or more
in depth. Forest leaves would doubt
less be best for this, covering. It must
be applied gradually, so as toallawsome
ventilation, and prevent decay. Celery
thus treated may be readily taken out
when wanted. It will be understood
that the blanching process is completed
while the plants aie in these trenches.
The East River Bridge.
Yestenday afternoon the first stone
was laid, fully a month earlier than the
engineers had dared to hope, and yet
none too soon to guard against the
Moating ice which comes down the river
at times with tremendous force, enough
to carry away the caisson completely,
floating as it now does. The work on
this side of the river was begun Sep
tember 11, and now the last layer of
the caisson has been laid. The first
twelve layers, of which there are twenty-two,
each a foot square, were laid
before the caisson was towed into its
present position at the foot of Roose
velt street. Since then the remaining
courses have been added. It is 172 feet
long, 104 wide, and twenty-two feet
deep. Between the first seventeen
courses, two-inch spaces were left, which
were filled with concrete. In the other
five the spaces are three inches wide,
also filled with concrete, in making
which a schooner load of gravel has
been used for each layer. There is a
chamber nine and a half feet in height,
for the excavators, at the bottom. By
boring it has been ascertained that the
solid rock is about eighty feet below the
high-water mark, and excavations to
that point will be made and stone laid
on the caisson to sink it to the rock.
The timber used is yellow pine from
Georgia and Florida. The stone comes
from Maine and from a quarry about
forty miles up tho North river, near
Kingston that from Maine being
granite, and the latter limestone. It is
all landed at Red Hook, where a num
ber of men with an engine and twelve
derricks are engaged in assorting it. At
the south corner of the cais.on piles
sheathed with wrought-iron have been
driven, to prevent any injury being
done to tho coffer-dam by the floating
ice in winter. This last is not to be re
moved at all but will form a founda
tion for a pier leading to the masonry,
and there will be a solid mass of con
crete between the two. The excavation
will begin as soon as the caisson reaches
the bottom, which will be very soon.
It will be carried on much in the samo
way as that on the Brooklyn side was,
with several improvements resulting
from experience there. Severed hun
dred men will be employed in the
work, which will progress rapidly day
and night; and the bottom on this side
being sandy, the work will be much
easier than it was across the river, where
the bed is hard and rocky. The tower,
when completed, will be lhS feet above
the high water mark, and the roadway
of the brid-re in tho center 1.15 above.
New York World, 1st.
When is a fish-pond like a bird-cage
When there's a perch in it.
Farragut before he was Famous,
Ex-Secretary Wells gives, in the Nov
ember Galaxy, the following reminis
cences of Admiral Farragut
I had met and been favorably im
pressed by Capt. Farragut during the
Mexican war, when I was officiating in
tho Navy Department as chief of a naval
bureau, lie at that time made what
was considered a remarkable proposi
tion to the then Secretary of tho Navy,
John Y. Mason, which was a plan to
take tho -castle of San Juan d'Ulloa. I
was present when he stated and urged
his plan. It was characterized by the
earnest, resolute, and brave daring
which at a later day was distinctly
brought out in our great civil conflict.
Secretary Mason heard him patiently,
but dismissed him and his project as
visionary and impracticable. The officer
and tho interview I remembered and
though we had not met for years, the
impression then made upon mo remain
ed. On the day when intelligence was
received that tho ordinance of secession
had passed the Virginia Convention,
Capt. Farragut determined to abandon
Norfolk and the State. Collecting a few
valuables, he placed his wife, sister, and
their children in a carriage, put his
loaded pistols in his pocket, and within
two hours from the reception of the
news that Virginia decided to secede,
he proceded to the Baltimore steamer,
then at the wharf. Leaving all else be
hind, ho resolved not to be demoralized
or torn from tho Union he would know
no country but that which he loved and
served from childhood. Next day, he
passed through Baltimore, then in ex
cited insurrection. Tho ordinary chan
nels of travel by steamers and railroads
were interrupted, and in the confusion
it was difficult to procure mean3 for
transportation to leave the city. He
found by accident that a common canal
boat was leaving the wharf for Philadel
phia. On this boat, which had indif
ferent accommodations for about 18
persons, there were crowded ner.rly 300
fugitives, like himself and family
seeking refuge in the North. He reach
ed New York after some annoyance and
inconvenience, with but slight pecunia
ry means to sustain himself crA ex
iled and dependent family. Being ou
waiting orders for the department,
which did not then know these parti
culars, was moving with cautious, vigi
lant and wary steps, careful and truarded
whom to trust, and in the employment
of Southern officers particularly cir
cumspect Capt. Farragut felt his pecu
niary resources insufficient for his sup
port in the great metropolis. Always
modest and unobtrusive, and almost a
stranger in New York, he found a rest
ing place for a few days under the roof
of a friend whom he had previously
known, until he could obtain a secluded
place out of the city adapted to his
limited means. He succeeded in get
ting a modest cottage at Hastings, on
the Hudson, at a rent of $lf() per an
num, which he plainly furnished, and to
which, with one servant, he retired to
await events ready, however, and
anxious to serve his country, and give
himself to her cause.
How a Terrible Disaster was Prevented.
How a fearful railroad accident was
prevented is thus told by a correspond
ent of the Utica Herald at Richfield, N.
Y., where the accident happened Four
freight cars, heavily laden with lumber
and merchandise, had been brought to
the junction near Ca?sville, by a coal
train. These ears were carelessly un
coupled on a grade of eighty-five feet to
the mile, and immediately began back
ing toward Utica. They gained mo
mentum at a fearful rate, and all effort
to stop them by throwing rails and other
obstructions on the track were inef
fectual. A train had left Utica but
eight minutes before, and every one was
well aware that in a few minutes the
heavy freight cars would go crashing
into its rear. Fortunately the engine of
the coal train stood on a switch, and
Engineer Ferrell at once determined to
give tho flying cars a chase. Al hands
mount to the post of duty, the signal is
given, and the fearful race is begun.
There is awful danger ahead, for if the
workmen should have the rails up, or
the flying cars themselves should leave
the track, every man would be in eter
nity in an instant. Mile after mile the
chase is kept up, and tho locomotive
gains inch by inch. At last the fugi
tives art; overtaken the critical moment
has come A mistake and all is over
the flying cars will enly be hastened in
their flight by the collision. But the
fireman and brakeman are reaching
down from the rear of the tender, one
with the draw-bar and the other with
the coupling-pin. The cars touch the
draw-bar carefully guided enters the
socket, and the pin drops into its place.
The danger is over, tho speed gradually
checked, and in a few minutes the en
gine and rescued cars are again climbing
the grado to Cassville. The deed of the
engineer and his faithful assistants was
one of true heroism, and will long be
remembered by those in the crowded
passenger train, which was but a few
hundred foet in advance of them, and
whose lives they saved at the imminent
risk of their own.
A sentence of six months' imprison
ment has been imposed on a British
collier named Bradley, who, having
some grudge against his wife, locked
the doors of the house so that she could
not escape, and then deliberately in
cited a large bull dog to worry the un
fortunate woman. The details of her
frantic struggle with the brute, which
were given in evidence before a magis
trate, were unspeakably horriblo. She
was savagely bitten in many places by
the dog, her husband doing his best to
shut out all means of escape. At last,
torn and bleeding, she escaped from the
house, and Bradley was given into cus
tody. During tho late war, Dr. enter
ing the hospital surgery, met Paddy
Doyle, tho orderly, and asked him
which he considered tho most danger
ous of the many cases then in hospital.
That, sir," said Faddy, as, with an in
dicative jerk of the thumb, ho pointed
to where, on the table, lay a case of sur
gical instruments.
44 When I asked," said Kmerson, "an
iron-master about the slag and cinder in
railroad iron, 4 Oh,' ho said, 'there i3 al
ways good iron to be had; if there's
cinder in the iron, 'tis became there
was cinder in the pay.'