1 1ST A SITWMSMtQ
Mm AND AMERICAN
Qoujisjrather unuirCtfeTOYbrfcr sell
i. 1 1 1 tgH imTr PPi
log
downTtoni4,-vesteniaV- andclosluf: at
in i rfirrJ
Tenxessek Coots closed In Now lork
last erenhig at C(J for tho-old Issue and ,C5
f"ViTmv S nnH n.nrt Wftftfc in Vow Va-
18c,
THE rUMJC PRINTING.
'Cetady, no'ereater fraud vSi'fcViJi
PCidnipon tllQ people of Tennesson
n-lJP 5tJo1Pie4-.t),be.perpetrated-by Mr.
Gibson in Lis recent, report on the Public
Printing. Tliat with Mm it is willful and
dteratandlntenae.d iolely for .partizan
purposes, is.evident -from the fact that he
t .heard all of the testimony, was a leading
person In the examination of the witnesses,
and hes,al5ne,had all of the testimony in tils
possession from the. writing of it out until
the conclusion of the Investigation. There-
I .MJJ6 ylprg""" misrepresents, directly, by
argument or innuendo, lie does so willfully.
Tliat he was eager to convict was manifest
from the beginning. His anxiety to have
his friend'Haster represented on the com
mittee by himself (Mr. Gibson) was shown
-;VJiibiseiasto in .moving the 'appointment.
of the committee for which the Printers
ltad asked. His determination to make
an unfavorable-;report was conclusively
sliowiffro4byiirst-uayt on" which he" de
clared to the committee -J ho "would iidH
"show; his land," until the last witness
ft ajqyajained.i. Then finding- the charges
wholly uustistaincd by the proof, he admit
ted tliat Ids friend Baxter had been deceived
by incorrect calculations. The basis for
HioVeport'was agreed upon by the comrnit
tec and ha concurred in It; but when the
committee manifested their lack
"of 1 confidence in and respect for
Jiim fb'yH appdintilig another to draw
up the report, then all, his simulated sweet
ness became the bitterness of gall. True,
lie does not charge fraud in his report and
-did not in his speech. Yet he endeavors to
convey that impression by his misrepresent
ation of the facts. He endeavors to throw
blame on the General Assembly for refus
t ing.to adopt the. resolution to extend the
powers of the committee. The reason of
that refusal was, as Mr. Gibson knows, be
cause the committee had in Mr. Gibson's
hands all of the accounts of the StatePrint-
ers, anu ieiu tnat tney had lull power
to investigate those accounts. If the com
mittee liad felt that they did not liave such
powers it would have authorized the ask
ing fopfurther powers, but when.the ques
tion was brought before them they formally
resolved that they had all the power which
the., proposed resolution could confer.
"Mr.'' 'Gibson goes out of his way
in his report to defend his friend Baxter,,
for prematurely publishing garbled extracts
of the testimony, after the committee had
solemnly censured him by declaring tliat
these extracts Were "garbled" and did in
justice to the, printers.;. He -says in defence
of his friend: "the session of the Commit
tee being open and strangers present part
of the time and no rule of secresy enforced
or communicated to' Col.JBaxier." A 'rule
of secresy was adopted by the Committee.
"-No strangers were present, unless he calls
the parties and witnesses strangers, except
on two occasions a Senator, and once for a
.short time a Justice of the Peace.
The Public Printers miglit easily afford
to stand upon the report of the committee
which fully exculpates and justifies them,
for each member who signed that report
stands before the public in comparison with
Mr. Gibson as Hyperion to a Satyr. But
as soon as we can get the evidence in the
cause we shall refer more in detail to Mr.
Gibson's publication.
Sutfice it to say for the present that the
committee found on examination that
the work done by the present Public Prin
ters was of a superior cliaracter in typogra
phy, binding and paper to tliat done by any
former Public Printer; tliat their measure
ment was exactly in accordance with the
rules of other printers, beth before and
since the adoption of the Code; tliat these
rules were fonned by long experience to be
based on reason and good sense, and as such
liave been recognized and acted upon by
former State officials of every political
party. They found tliat the present Public
Printers charged less for paper than an
other Public Printers since the war, and but
little in excess of the prices previous to the
war, and tliat all the charges of the Public
Printers were reasonable and just.
AS-OUTKAGEOUS I'KOCEEDIXG.
The infamy of what is known as the
"force bill," or law, is aptly Illustrated in the
following recital of a case under it in a sis
ter State: "In Louisville one Robert Henson
lias been convicted, in the United States
Court, under tho Congressional Election
law, of having forced a colored man,named
-.White, to vote for a Congressional candidate
against his will. The evidence produced on
the trial was of a singularly contradictory
character. Two witnesses swore that they
saw White being hustled up to the polling
place by nenson and othe rs; that loud words
were usod.and that White, on being asked foe
iwhom he wanted to vote, said he supposed he
must vote for Adams, who was the Deino
""cratic candidate. For the prisoner two
witnesses swore tliat White was told ,to
vole as he wished, and he should be pro
tected; and one of these testified to hear
ing the acousod himself lull While to vo lu
according to his sentiments. The victim of
tho alleged intimidation was then put on
the stand, and swore that Henson had
neither threatened to influence him, but
that the colored people had threatened to
have him sent to prison if he did not vote
the Republican ticket; tliat ho voted for
Adams, who lived in the same town with
him, because he wanted to; that he was
afraid of the cjlored people if he voted the
Democratic ticket, and of the Democrats if
he voted the Republican ticket. On this
evidence the judge returned a verdict of
guilty against Henson, on the supposition,
probably, tint the colored voter did not
kliowhis own mind." J
THE PACIFIC COAST.
Chinese Suit njrninst Em AuroIps for
IKWIRJTCH.
Sax Fis-Vncippo, Nov. -1. Chinese com
panies have made arrangements for com
mencing suits for damages against the city
of l.os Angeles for the murder of their
countrymen Mv tirobbcry of their fami
lies by rioters.
JUnrilerliis Nnvnse Ileccivluir Gov
ernment nations.
The Apaches, on the 11th of October,
sixty strong, attacked a ranehe on the
San Simon, Arizona, killed one man, wound
ed another, and burned the place. Cupt.
Smith, of the 21st infantry, writes that the
Indians, pursued bv his troops, were bound
to come directlv from the reservation of
Canada Alamaza. There were 500 Indians
on the ration rolls at Camp Grant, and on
-ihe last ration day only 50 answered, the
remainder bein: absent on the war path.
3IEMPHIS.
Sentenced! 1
-Ur.Mi'HiN ot. 4. Dan Smith, negro,
convicted of killiun pung Merriweather,
was sentenced t--da by tieCriinmal Court
to be hung tho 29th of"pecember.
HED MARCH 30, 1835,
r.
i
WASHINGTON-
-Special to tho Louisville Ledger.
Forbes to ko Tree.
"It "seems-thai. Forbes, the defaulting
Philadelphia pension agent, is. not to.be
n'roeeeded against criminallv. "His 'friends
have come forward-and and made good the
deficiency, which Is now ascertained'toibe
$30,000, and so- the 'government will lose
.nothing.
raijrusn Claims for cotton Destroyed.
The English claimants for cotton destroy
ed subsequent to the termination of the re
bellion, as determined by the Washington
treaty, are, arranging that thh clause must
be so interpreted ,as to carry out the inten
tions of the" framers, and this they insist
was one limit. They further insist that our
bupremo Court has decided tliat so far as
the cotton operations of the United States
Treasury are concerned, the rebellion did
not terminate until June 20, the date of the
order stopping the further seizure of cotton
Some of these agents did not receive this
order jor .six weeks after its date, and dur
ing this time an Immense amount of cotton
was seized.
A Georgia Supervisor Itemovcd.
George ilarston; of New Hampshire, was
to-day appointed Supervisor of Internal
Revenue for Geonria and Florida, in place
of Gen. William Krayzanowsky, removed-!
u.ne latter lias recently been Indicted by the
Grand Jury at Savannah, Ga., for couspira
.cyjand embezzlement. He was arrested and
bailed In the sum of ten thousand dollars.
At the same time P. T. Eobb, Collector of
the port; John-W. Gould, ex-Collector of
Revenue, A. T. Alden, Gould's chief clerk,
and various others, were indicted for the
same offense. Krayzanowski was appointed
from New York, and is well known in this
city, where he used to keep a small beer
shop. He is a self styled General, having
about as much title to the same asRobb has
to that of the "Fighting Colonel of Illinois."
A JInddIo In tho Pension Bnreau.
George W. Johns, chief clerk of the
Pension Bureau, is in trouble, and is
charged with the fraudulent issue of pen
sion certificates. The facts in his case are
about as follows iast-February Congress
passed an act granting pensions to surviving
officers and soldiers of the war of 1812,
who served sixty days or more in said war.
Under this act there could be no claims for
pensions for a less lime of service, jit
seems a case has been worked up which
the receiver disapproved, as coming within
the legal prohibition, but, notwithstanding
wlucli disapproval, "Johns signed as all
right, and had the same docketed on the
pension list, and the pension certificates
were thereupon issued. Commissioner Ba
ker having returned, the matter will pc
turned over to him. The department, mean
while, is being overhauled to ascertain if
there are other irregularities.
GEORGIA.
Message of the Acting Governor.
Atlanta, Ga., Nov. 4 Acting 'Gov.
Conley's message was read to-day. He
says nothing about an election, and hopes
there will lie no ground for furtlier recon
struction. He promises retrenchment; says
he cannot now tell of the disposition of the
State bonds, and urges an investigation 'of
the matter; counsels the execution of the
laws, and promises the pardoning power
sparingly; advocates free education, but op
poses mixed schools; and urges that the ob
ligations of the State be faithfully met.
omo.
Terrific Explosion of a Locomotive.
Two Tenders Killed Outright.
CrxcixxATr, Nov. 4. A Portsmouth,
Ohio, special to the Chronicle says a terri
ble' explosion took place this moniingit the
railroad depot. At twenty minutes p.-lst
eight o'clock the mail train to leave for
Hamden at nine fifteen stood at the depot,
and while the firemen were taking on coal
the locomotive boiler exploded. George
Valkner, engaged in shoveling coal from a
car into the tender, was blown into the air
fifty feet, and full two hundred yards dis
tant a mangled corpse, liaving no clothing
on but one boot. Adam Schilling, fireman,
breaking coal on the tender, was instantly
killed, the top of his head being blown oil'.
Adam Womsler, laborer, was injured, but
to wliat extent is unknown. Henry Iluit,
fireman, was somewliat injured. Frag
ments of the boiler and engine, weighing from
thirty to fifty iounds, were blown several
squares, and fell through the roofs of houses
on Second street. Some passed over the
wliarfboat and dropped into the Ohio river.
The front of the boiler was blown forward
over a coal car and buried in the rear end
of the Express car. The locomotive was
the old Wasliington that run through
the depot in Cincinnati and plunged into a
coal pile several years since. It had been
brought from Clullicotlie yesterday and the
boiler had just been patched. It was some
twenty years old and was apparently in bad
condition. The engine is almost a total
wreck. Both of the men killed leave fami
lies. Fortunately but few persons had ar
rived at the depot before the explosion or
the loss oflife would have been much
greater. The wareroom adjoining the
railroad office was badly wrecked.
Murdered.
The body of a young girl was found in
the river near Carrolton, Ky., yesterday,
supposed to have been murdered. A young
man to whom she was engaged was arrested
under the supposition of having some con
nection with the affair.
A Frlslitful Dentil.
Geo. Shoemaker, carpenter, in attempt
ing to-day to cross on a board from one
house to another, fell three stories, break
ing his legs and skull, besides shockingly
mutilating himself with a broadax he had
in his hanJ.
SOUTH' CAROLINA.
Alleged Secret Support of the Aortli
A Sen Sensation.
New Youk, Nov. :1 Washington
special to the Herald says that Attorney
General Akennan had a long confi-rence
yesterday with the Secretary of State and
afterward with the President. The subject
of the interview was the Ku-Klux question,
Involving the punishment of the persons
recently arrested In South Carolina, and
perhaps tlie promulgation of a new procla
mation. It is asserted by those who ought
to know something of the cliaracter of the
information communicated from time to
time to the Executive, that he has much
more direct knowledge on the subject than
even that possessed by the Congressional
Committee. Gentlemen of high character,
formerly officers in our army, who were and
are even now living in the South, having
learned through their supposed Democratic
sympathizers important facts relative to the
secret purposes of this organization, have
made him acquainted with the true nature
of the danger.
It will be shown when the facts all come
out that the .Ku-Klux in South Carolina
have been largely furnished with arms from
Northern sources; that even a large part of
the shipment from the arms-manufacturing
companies of the North, especially of New
York, for the last two years will be shown
to be on account of a great activity in the
Southern trade. It Is the opinion of the
Administration, and those who sustain its
jwlicy of repression, that it is the design of
the invisible empire to attempt repossession
bv the old Rebel elements first of the sev
eral Southern States, by the demoralization
through terror, outrage and murder of the
party sustaining reconstruction and its re
sults; and second bj similar means, but
more general and systematic in character, to
force every Southern State to vote against
the Republican President nominated, and
thus restore to them the control of their
local and State affairs, and the inauguration
of their party associates in tlio government.
SAVANNAH.
An jiHiictcti Linuczxicr In litnrcro of
the Customhouse.
S.WAXXAn, GA., ov. 4. Collector
Robb has returned and is in chargt of the
Customhouse. A bill has been found in
the United States Court against bin for
embezzlement, in aiding in a conspiracy to
defraud the Government. He has g'.ven
bail tor lus appearance lor trial.
CHICAGO, tlll
The "Biiriimers" and fFire-rroofs.
Jlelicf Funds Diverted for Political
Corruption.
Got. Palmer Military vs. Usurpation.
PIill Sheridan to be Called to Account.
Chicago, itov. 4. Astounding revela
tions are made this morning of the opera
tions of Alderman C. C. Holden in the use
of relief funds. As Holden is President of
the City Council, and candidate for Mayor
on me uummer ucKet, auaitionai piquancy
is given to the matter. Immediately after
the fire a relief society was formed, of
wntcn ixoiaen was maae treasurer. The
composition of the society not being satis
factory to the committees from Cincinnati.
Xouisville, Indianapolis, St. Louis and other
cities then here, JIaj-or Jlasou dissolved it
and directed that- everything should be
turned over to the old relief society, an. in
stitution under the control of citizens of in
tegrity, and regularly incorporated. This
was satisfactory to the committees of other
cities, but was not to some of the alderman.
and they refused to recognize the nejV' ar
rangement. I his unpleasantness was men
tioned in these dispatches at Hie time. It
now transpires that Holden, while acting as
treasurer, secured at least $15,000 of relief
funds and considerable supplies, which lie
refused to give up when a requisition was
made upon Rini by theproper authorities.
It is alleged tliat this money is now being
used by Holden to secure his election as
Hayor, and very damaging evidence is pro-
auceu.
In substantiation of this charce, amons:
other things, Holden lias caused to be sent
to the regular committee a livery stable
bill amounting to $210. Payment has been
refused and the committee gives notice that
no carriages are needed in the work'of relief.
To what purposes the benevolence of the
country miglit liave been put but for the
prompt action and forcing out the bummers
may now be seen from this specimen.
The public may rest assured that the work
of relief is now in good hands, and this
man Holden will be held to a strict account
ability.
Gov. Painter. Denounces the Military
Usurpations of Sheridan.
The publicationjxere.of the letter of Gov.
Palmer to Attorney General Bushnell, re
questing him to present the facts in the kill
ing of Gen. Thomas A. Grosvenor to the
Grand Jury of Cook county, has created a
sensation. Very good authority denies the
right of the Governor to initiate such pro
ceedings unless the State's attorney should
first refuse to present the matter to the
Grand Jury. But on the other hand Gov.
Palmer is recognized as a lawyer of ability
and not likely to make a mistake. It is
charged by the friends of Gen. Sheridan
that Palmer is unfriendly to him and has
taken this opportunity to do him an injury.
At any rate Sheridan seems the least dis
turbed about the matter of anybody.
Gov. raimer, in his letter, reviews the
evidence before the Coroner's Jury where
it was shown that ilayor lason requested
Lieut. Gen. Sheridan to preserve order in
the city; that the latter authorized Col F.
F. Sherman to raise a regiment of militia;
that several companies were so organized
and acted under orders issued by Col. Sher
man and that the young man Treat was
acting under such orders when he shot
Gen. Grosvenor and is guiltless of any legal
offense. The Governor says in conclusion:
"No one will pretend that the power to
raise, organize and employ troops or to call
the organized militia of the States into ser
vice pertains to the office of Lieutenant
General in the army of the United States;
nor will it be easy to find defenders for the
opinion, if it should be expressed, that the
Mayor of a city can either exercise or iin-
part sUch power to another; and I will not
with you discuss the dangerous and de
ceptive theory of necessity or emergency,
that has been so often insisted upon to
ustify acts of lawless usurpation. It is an
swer enough tnat the constitution of the
State has not entrusted the Mayors of its
cities or to military ollicers the delicate
duty of determining when its forces may be
called into service or its laws suspended.
If these conclusions are correct, I thing you
will perceive that it is now the duty of the
Governor and the Attorney General and of
all other ollicers of the State to exert them
selves to see that the laws are
enforced against all the parties concerned in
these illegal ana dangerous acts. It is not.
necessary, in determining upon the line of
duty to be adopted, to inquire whether the
Mayor of Chicago, Lieut. Gen. Sheridan,
Frank. T. Sherman, and his associates and
supposed subordinates, who were the agents
by wlucli tiieueatn oi inos. w. Grosvenor
was produced, in assuming powers
they did not possess, and that
while free government endures cannot be
conferred upon them, were influenced by
proper or improper motives or purposes.
lhey assumed to suspend the operation of
the Constitution and laws of the State, and
substitute in their stead the law of military
force, to be delined and applied bv them
selves. They, by their lawless
acts attacked and insulted the dignity
and authority of the State, and have by
their dangerous example weakened public
confidence in the constitution and the laws,
and in their attempt to enforce usnrped
and lawless authority they have sacrificed
the life of a peaceable citizen. Animated
by the confidence I have thus expressed,
and confident in the belief tliat the State of
Illinois, acting through the projer depart
ments of its government, is capable of pro
tecting its own people and of enforcing the
dignity and authority of its own laws, I
have to request that you, in conjunction
with the State's Attorney of the Seventh
Judicial Circuit, will bring all the facts be
fore the Grand Jurj of Cook county, in
order tliat all persons concerned in the un
lawful killing of Thos. W. Grosvenor may
be brought to a speedy trial. I liave the
honor to be, with great respect,
Joitx M. Palmeh."
The Xew Chamber of Commerce.
Plans for rebuilding the Chamber of Com
merce have been completed. It is to be a
more imposing edifice than the one burned.
The stone has already been contracted for
in Cincinnati, which is to be laid in cement.
It is intended to have the building ready for
occupancy by the first of June next.
The "riro.lrMr" Ticltet.
Samuel W. Fuller having declined the
nomination for Circuit Judge on the Fire
Proof Union ticket, Lambert Tree has been
put in Mr. Fuller place. A lively canvass
is in progress by both parties.
Xexro Homicide.
Williams, colored, who killed Grayson,
another colored man, last night, was arrest
ed to-day as he was about to leave the city
on a railroad train.
FllED DOUGLASS.
For the Jfcw Yorls Assembly.
Rociiestei:, Nov. 4 Frederick Douglass
was unanimously nominated, this evening,
as the Republican candidate for the As
sembly. PHILADELPHIA.
Smallpox on the Increase.
Philadelphia, Nov. 4. The Board of
Health reports an average of fourteen deaths
jor day from smallpox during the Week, a
slight increase over the previous week.
LITTLE ROCK.
The Helena llnilrond.
Little Rock, Nov. 4 The Grand
Council of Masons met to-day. E. H.
English was elected Grand Master for the
ensuing year.
At a meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce this evening resolutions were
adopted pledging the Chambers to use all
means in its power to defeat the proposi
tion to be voted on Tuesday, granting a
hundred thousand dollars to the LittleRock
and Helena Railroad. They have appointed
to attend the polls in each ward and see
that the election is fairly conducted. The
excitement over the election is very great.
The Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows
adjourned to-night as did also the State
Convention of tho Christian Church.
NASHVILLE, TEiTO.,
NEW T0RK.
KcglstratioH.
New York, Nov. 4 Registration pro
ceeded quietly yesterday. Challengers
rarely have had occasion to enter protest or
asu lor uaiuiuuzauon papers, iiie oistu,
Eighth, Tenth and Fourteenth Wards, from
present indicatioas, will poll a vote much
below the average; In the other wards the
chances favor a heavy vote. When regis
tration is uuseu a sinci investigation wui
be instituted and every one whose name
does not correspond with the residence
given will be challenged at the polls.
Tho SUssIhgr Rogncs.
Yesterday several of Ingersoll's friends
called on Sheriff Brennan,and told him they
had expected Ingersoll back during the day,
but he had not arrived. They then sub
mitted the names of the persons ffho pro
posed to become ingersoll's bondsmen, and
the Sheriff, pronouncing these satisfactory,
it was promised that Ingersoll should be
produced at the Sheriff's office this morninfr.
and then, unless the bondsmen should de
cline to become sureties for the defendant's
appearance for trial, he should be released.
As to where Garvey is, Sheriff Brennan
lias no accurate information, but he has rea
son to believe he is somewhere in Canada,
and will eventually return. After leaving
the city, Garvey sent instructions to his
brother to pay all small claims against him,
and several of these have since been paid.
An attachment was obtained against Gar
vey a few days ago for $3,400, a claim for
work done for him by a firm in the city,
but it was paid to the Sheriff by Garvey's
brother.
Woodward's return is not looked for now.
He is afraid to come back, it is said, chiefly
on account of the part he played to the As
sistant Clerk of the Interim Board of
Audit.
Sold Out.
A member of the Committee of Seventy
states that Judge Led with sold out to Tam
many during the Rochester Convention.
His reward' is to be heavy pecuniary con
siderations besides the Supreme Judgeship.
Next Tuesday.
Police Superintendent Kelso to-day cave
directions to the police force for bringing in
the election returns with promptness. The
police telegraph instruments are to be used
exclusively after sundown for the trans
mitting of returns.
The Chief of Police of Brooklyn to-day
gave instructions for the protection of citi
zens voting. The canvassers are to allow
citizens to be present at the canvass of the
votes.
Very little business will be transacted
Tuesday. One hundred and eight leading
commercial firms of the city liave signed a
paper agreeing to close their places of busi
ness luesday. Additional signatures are
still being obtained. The Stock, Gold Ex
change, Produce Exchange, Grocers and
Board of Trade have all agreed to suspend
business.
Hoffman on Hand.
Yesterday Gov. Hoffman said he will re
main here till Wednesday, to aid in the en
forcement of the election laws if needed.
Thomas Bradley was fatally stabbed this
morning by Joseph O'Brien, on account of
political differences.
The Great Gobbler.
It is reported to-day tliat the Pennsyl
vania Railroad Company have completed
preliminary arrangements for leasing the
Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore
Railroad.
A Petroleum Panic.
iV telegram from Oil City to-day states
that there is a panic in the petroleum mar
ket, with a decline in crude oil.
Axemen ct nls.
This afternoon a deputation of axemen
waited on Deputy Comptroller Green in
reference to their wages for September.
Green stated tliat their claims would be
entertained when the unpaid bills of Au
gust were disposed of.
Contractors also called, and were In
formed that their accounts were being ex
amined. It is alleged that the contractors'
accounts are exorbitant, and will bo cut
down largely.
Chicago Refugees.
At a meeting of the Relief Committee of
the Cliamber of Commerce to-day, it was
decided to close their labors in a dav or two,
as it seems that as long as they continue to
sitthe list of applicants continues to lengthen
out. It is probable that no applications
will be received after Wednesday next.
Up to this time about 200 applicants of
both sexes,have received assistance. Some
50,000 liave been disbursed.
The Irrepressibles.
Three women, Victoria C. Woodhull,
Tennessee Clallin and Mary A. Leland
registered their names and hope to be al
lowed to vote Tuesday.
Uogns Ballot Boxes.
Some of the evening papers say they
have information of a scheme which has been
devised by the Tammany ring for the pur
pose of carrying the election by fraud.
Bogus ballot boxes are to be substituted for
the originals, and by connivance with police
and other officials who will be bribed, the
tickets in the bogus boxes will be counted
as genuine votes. The confession of one
of the gang was the means of bringing the
matter to light.
TENNESSEE NEWS.
The Italian association at Memphis has
sent $500 to the Societe di Italiana of Chi
cago. Col. Wall, of the Times, took a premium
at the McKenzie Fair for his skill in horse
manship. It is reported that Roderick Random But
ler is making arrangements to have a Radi
cal paper started at Rogersville.
There are twenty-three dispensaries of
the "ardent" in Rutherford, thirteen of
whom mix things at Murfreesboro.
The people of Columbia, white and
black, have at a public meeting nominated
the present Mayor and Aldermen for re
election. Rev. J. C. R. Williams, a Baptist minis
ter in the vicinity of Hampshire, Maury
county, was a few days since bitten by a
mad dog.
A dozen or more strange faces, that evi
dently belong to Chicago thieves, have
"shown up" at Memphis within the last
day or two.
The Sparta Tribune says that real estate
lias advanced in valuation to a considerable
degree among those owning building sites
in that place, since the recent railroad move
ments. The Memphis City Treasurer's report
shows cash receipts of $0o,111.4S, and a
disbursement of $53,200.48 during the
month of October, leaving a total balance
on hand of $11,S12.00.
Judge Morris, R. P. Cypert, L. S. Burns
and James Anderson, have been appointed
Commissioners for the Savannah branch of
the Duck River Valley Railroad, through
the county of Wayne.
A serious difficulty occurred near Waynes
boro on the 25th ult., between James W.
Dicus and G. W. Walker, in wliich the lat
ter was stabbed in the back with a knife.
His wound is dangerous, if not-fatal.
Prof. J. A. Metcalf, of the Memphis Con
ference Female Institute at Jackson, dis
appeared Friday, Oct. 27, and has not been
heard from since. He is under serious
charges in connection with a young lady of
Jackson.
A misunderstanding between the corpo
rate authorities at Muifrcesboro and the
Gas Company there lias resulted in the
shutting off the street lights during the past
week. On some accounts it is a pity that
moonshine is not a perpetual thing.
The railroad bridge across the Caney
Fork river is to be C50 feet in length and
137 feet high. The foundation will be of
solid rock to above the high water mark and
then of brick of which two million will be
used. The remainder of the material used
will be iron, forming, when completed, one
of the finest and most substantial bridges in
the United Suites.
A few days since, as we learn from the
Columbia llcrald, a young man by the
name of John Burns was shot dead by Dr.
J. C" M. Ranking at Asliland, AVayne
county. The circumstances of the shoot
ing are not fully detailed, and the state
ments in relation to the affair are somewhat
coullictiiig. It is the general opinion, how
ever, that Dr..Rankin will be acquitted.
An unlucky chap replied, on being asked
wliat he cleared on a certain speculation,
''Nothing but my pockets."
SUM) AY, NOVEMBER 5, 1871.
EOEMGtf.
GREAT BRITAIN.
International Copyright Wranglers.
London, Nov. 4. The newspaper,con-
troversy concerning an International copy-
rig nc law nas taKen so personal a turn anu
become so heated that the Times declares
its intention to close "its columns to any
further communication on the subject.
Already one libel suit has grown out of the
controversy, Hon. Mrs. Norton having
brought proceedings" against one of the
writers on tho subjectl
FRANCE. 7
The Murderers or Lecompte.
Paius, Nov. 4. The trial of those mem
bers of the Commune who have been Tield
under the charge of being directly concern
ed in the murder of the versauust Generals
Lecompte and Thomas during the first days
of the insurrection in Paris, was begun yes
terday. The trial excites- much interest
and attracts large numbers to the court
room. AUSTRIA.
Centralization,
Vienna, Nov. 4. The new ministry is
not yet definitely constituted, but it is gen
erally believed thatthd "Presidency with the
Portfolio of the Interior will be given to
Baron Von Kellerpera. The new Presi
dent has declared that the policy which
compelled the retirement of Hohenwort
will be vigorously pursued. The districts
of Bohemia, Moravia, Cemiola, Upper
Austria and Gallacia will be dissolved as
soon as the Government is definitely set
tled. Prague, Nov. ,4. In the Bohemian
Diet a rescript was read emphasizing the
supremacy of the empire. The Emperor
declares that the general laws can only
be altered in the manner prescribed in the
general constitution; warns the Diet
against any attempt to nullify or disregard
them, and exhorts Bohemia to send her
usual representatives to the Reichsrath,
declaring at the same 'time that a failure or
refusal to do this will involve the gravest
political consequences.
SPAIN.
A Plot The Internationals.
London. Nov. 4. The Telegraph prints
a special dispatch from Paris that a plot
against the Government of Spain has been
Madrid, Aov. 4. It is believed that an
attack on the government by the republi
cans, under the lead of Senor Sorilla, will
be made in the Cortes during the coming
week, on the subject of the manner of
dealing with the International society.
Senor Sorilla and Sagosta are widely at var
iance on this point, the latter supporting
the government heartily. A compromise
between Sagosta and Sorilla, which up to
this time has -been discussed and looked
forward to among the conservative republi
cans, is now thought to be impossible, as
the agitation of the treatment of the Inter
national Is sure to produce a complete rup
ture.
TURKEY.
The Status of Christian Subjects.
Constantinople, Nov. 4. Monsignore
Franclii, Papal Envoy, lias left the Capital,
having failed to obtain any guarantees
from the Sultan in regard to the status of
the Catholic subjects of Turkey. The
Sublime Porte persistently refused to dis
cuss the condition of its Christian subjects.
FORTRESS MONROE.
Going Back.
Fobteess Monkoe, Va., Nov. 4. Two
hundred colored emigrants arrived to-day
from the interior of the State and took pas
sage on board the i-ditli and Rose tor Li
beria. NEW YORK.
Tiie Corrupt Radical Senators The
Party Rewarding These Fellows.
From tbe Xew York Sun (Radical), Xov. 1.
In the spring of 1S70 three of the Demo
cratic Senators from this city made a deter
mined effort to drive Boss Tweed and his
Ring of robbers from political power. The
fight was a desperate one. The robbers
were terrified. They vainly endeavored to
bribe the champions that were assailing
them. They knew tliat their doom was
sealed if the Republican Senators sustained
Norton, Creamer and Genet in their war
for an honest city government. Accord
ingly, the robbers drew" up a charter that
gave -them absolute power over the city.
They forced the charter through the Legis
lature at an expense oi over i,oou,ooo.
Every Republican Senator but one voted for
it. Boss Tweed lias repeatedly said that he
bought these votes. Tho Young Democracy
went down, and the city, bound hand and
foot, was turned over to the thieves by Re-
pubucan votes.
IVithinfour months after the ixtssage of
that charter tweed, inoeusoll, gakvey,
WooDWAitD Co. stole 6,312,541.37
from the city treasury. John H. Keysek
swears that over $1,000,000 of this amount
teas dratcn in his name on forged endorse
ments. AVhile the Republicans are denouncing
tins democratic corruption, they are renom
inating for the Senate the very men who are
responsible for it. The following Republi
can candidates for re-election voted for
Tweed's infamous charter: Norris Wins-
low of Jefferson, William B. Woodin of
Cayuga, George Bowen of Genesee, Loran
L. Lewis of Erie, James Wood of Living
ston. Francis S. Thayer of Troy, the only Re
publican Senator who scorned Tweed's
bribes and voted against lii3 charter, has
been thrown overboard, and another man
has been nominated in his place.
THE PRESIDENT'S SON.
Special Favors Granted Illm to Un
able Him to Visit Europe.
From the 'Washington Patriot, ov. 2.
We announced in the Patriot on Tues
day tliat Frederick Dent Grant, son of his
Majesty Ulysses S. Grant, and a second
lieutenant in the United States army, was
about to visit Europe, special privileges, not
usually accorded to officers who have just
gratuated, having been granted him ior
that purpose. But perhaps this is a reward
for the high standard in scholarship which
the President's son attained at the Military
Academy. Yesterday a special order was
promulgated from the War Department as
signing Second .Lieutenant Grant, of the
4th United States cavalry, to the orders of
Gen. W. T. Sherman, to whose guardian
ship he has been temporarily assigned for
his six months' tour.
Tills is doubtless a set-off to the visit of
Prince Alexis to this country. The Czar
of ail the Russias detailed ldgh officials of
tho Empire to escort the Prince, and the
President of all the United States, includ
ing those under bayonet rule, could not do
less than send his son to Europe to be ex
hibitcd by the greatest military chieftain of
the generation he who marched from
Atlanta to the sea. Terhaps Fred's visit to
Europe will prove the truth of the story
some time ago published in the New York
World, that our President was anxious and
willing for a matrimonial alliance with the
Royal family of Great Britain. Col. Au
denreid, of Gen. Sherman's military staff,
is also of the party, and they will sail in a
few days in the United States steamer
Wabash, which goes out as the flag ship of
Admiral Alden. The trip is to be an ex
tended one, and the President's eldest son
is to be introduced to all the crowned heads
of Europe.
Ink stains may be removed from ma
hogany by touching them with a feather
dipped in a mixture composed of a few
drops of nitre and a teaspoonful of water.
To prevent a white mark being left, the
spot must be" rubbed with a cloth wet in
cold water the moment the ink has disap
peared. A stupid printer in the Petersburg Index
office spoiled the nice quotation jvhich the
editor made the caption of an article',. "All
for love, and the world well lostj'yiy.chang
ing the last two wotus to "will last."
EVAJTS, JmnE,
WHOLESALE
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
WASli V'XXiXiS, TENW.
WE ARE NOW IS RECEIPT OP A VERY LARGE STOCK OF
FOlEIfiS AND DOMESTIC MY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
FOK THE FALL TRADE,
TO WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS.
sep5 3m
S.B. SPURLOCK.
GEO. J. GOODRICH.
S. B. SPURLOCK CO.,
IW18A11 GROCERS Al COTTON MOTORS,
DEALERS IBT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Sroad Street,
Bagging SHd Ties Famished and Liberal AdTances made.
Exclusive Agents Cor the sale of Manning's Whisky and AnnU Sheetings.
ocl 3m sp
FURNITURE I
GKEAT SAltGJJLm
One of the most elegant and
HJZ? PE? 2JI ENTIRE STOCK OF FURNITURE OF N. L. GREENFIELD,
AOS. 15 and 17 orth College Street, and having to ra'cate the premises br Jan lt
BARGAINS, BARGAEVS, BARGAINS Ilf FURNITURE.
BRADFORD NICHOL.
2XTo Troutolo to Sliow Goods. noT3eod2w sputp
KITUALLSJI IN TIIE GENERAL CON
VENTION.
To the Editors of the Union and American:
3Iy last Sunday's number of vow paper
did not reach me, but the impression left
by a rapid glance over an article in it on
the vexed subject of ritualism, is that the
article may not convey the precise state of
the case to its readers. It is unjust to the
ritualists themselves, and it is making
ridiculous the advocates of restrictive meas
ures against them, to suppose that the
excitement is at all against mere modes of
worship. It is not choral services, or boys
dressed in surplices, or lights and the cross
on the communion table, or genuflections
towards it, etc., etc., that excites all this
emotion. It is that these things are used
in order to teach a class of doctrines
which has been commonly regarded
as peculiar to the .Latin or the .East
ern Churches: that a virtue or
power flow3 from Christ through the
Priest, by which the elements, whether bap
tism or the Lord's Supper, are essentially
changed, and become imparted to the re
cipient ot spiritual gifts, and graces, and
that his authoritative pronouncements are
needful conveyances to the soul of divine
pardon and strength, and that the evidence
of purgation is a very wholesome one, and
that the invocation of saints is salutary,
etc., etc All the "ornaments" which the
Ritualists use are important parts of-a lan
guage of signs and symbols by which these
doctrines are inculcated, and tliat in the
musical and spectacular way, which does
not aim directly at the intellect, is meant to
get the emotional nature in such a condition
as will make such beliefs easy of reception.
In the debate on this subject in conven
tion, llr. Sheffey did not overstate the mat
ter when he said, "There never was in the
history of this church, a time when with an
intense gaze, a more Christian yearning of
heart, anu wim a proiouncier sympathy in
our trials, were the eyes of the Protestant
churches of the world directed to our ac
tion." I venture something from his
speech: "If it be tliat in this church of
ours this thing is done he alludes to the
adoration of the consecrated bread and
wine, if it be that in imitation of the ex
ample of the Roman priests who have sacri
ficed on the altar and have prepared the sa
crifice for distribution as a means of salva
tion at their priestly hands, the
holy emblems are now verily the body of tbe
Christian Savior before whom all shall make
lowly obeisance, if such a thing now ex
ists," and it is not uncommon, "is it not to
be prohibited and repelled from the borders
of our church?" "3Iy learned clerical friand
from Wisconsin intimated that some believ
ed in such a peculiar manifestation of the
Holy Presence as to almost concentrate in
the elements the essential verity of Christ
himself, though not in substance, so that
there on the altar, there in the elements,
there in the cup is the Presence, not in the
holy temple, not in the sanctuary of God,
not amongst the people, not down here
passing from heart to heart with His vivify
ing power and sanctifying influences, but
there in a peculiar, mysterious, awful
manner, in such wise that it is
needful to make your reverences bow down
in that direction; and what is it that makes
you bow down there but the elements that
liave been touched by the hand of the con
secrating priest? And when these elements
are lifted up, the altar no longer has that
upon it which sanctifies the altar, hut that
which does sanctify the altar is in the hands
of the priest, and when carried about obei
sance should be made wherever the ele
ments go." I quote another sentence from
him "Oh, my friends, if you hold up such
a temptation to our people, there is tliat love
of the awful and mysterious pervading the
human mind, that will not only carry away
silly women captive at its will, but
those who have the tendency to excessive
credulity will be carried away, and then
with them a multitude will follow, and if
the example spreads all over our church,
we shall have the lifting up of the host, the
carrying of the elements as the very body
and blood of Christ, and the adoration of
the people, in violation of every principle of
the law of tho church."
It is hard for oome to view this subject
with serious feelings, but beliefs which
seem to us absurd, are firmly held by per
sons whose abilities we recognize and
whose characters we respect, and any one
who reflects will see that beliefs are after
the result of one's being elevated or low
ered to a different plane of emo
tion. No one can doubt that mys
tical claims give churches great powers over
some minds; until elections are carried by
the strong-minded, and children cease to
be influenced by their mothers, it will conti
nue to be a matter of universal interest that
our churches do not tend to foster a belief
in the supernatural power of any corporate
class of men, or to repress freedom of
thought in their members.
Ritualism Is feared by some Episcopalians
because they think it aims, (not in the most
open masterly way,) to teach a system of
doctrines which "the 39 articles" and the
very existence of the Episcopal Church is a
protest against. We cannot have too much
of the beautiful and majestic in our wor
sliip, hut we should have them to develop
and exercise beliefs and emotion which
have been justified to the reason and not to
enable beliefs to creep around our intellec
tual faculties and get a surreptitious home
in me nearu
X.
TMprolo- hnransA .a North of Enriand hus
band corrected his wife a little too severely
with a bludgeon and ahull dog, he was
cruelly sentenced to six months' imprison-
l 1 ..-l.T.iT. tltna lkto BTwiienmitrilla
meilt, ULUllJ rt hums. awnin. uitj un.
.of Jier injuries withdut his: tender care.
r
Gen. Blair is described, as a sort of cheap
Jack who howls out his penny wares over
tlm footboard of his cart, and is ready to
raise a laugh or a quarrel with any one; so I
that ho ran sell his wares. I
mW SERIES-NO. 989.
iOiTEIfc CO.
DEALERS LN
EVANS, PITE, PORTER CO.
J. 31. SPURLOCK.
FURNITURE I
EST FUBMTUEE.
best assorted Stock of Furniture
BREVITIES AND JLEVITIES.
A San Francisco bank is run by females.
A new York hosier advertises "men's
sox."
Tooth and nail brushes Fights between
women.
The bed of the Ohio is the favorite prom
enade at Louisville.
The sheriff formed an attachment for
Lisa Weber at Louisville.
VandenhofT, the elocutor, is dead in the
papers and alive in Boston.
The boys of Burlington, Vt., had a snow
balling match last week.
"Woodhulling" is wliat thev call it now
when a wife cuts her husband for an af
finity. An oleaginous fact "Whale a boy and
you will find him full of blubber. JYeie
Orleans Times.
When a man is "rooted to the spot," how
long must he remain before he lateen f
The last fling at Bergh is tliat he won't
let the New Yorkers bottle catsup.
The Piutes stoned to death one of their
medicine-men who failed to cure two in
valid chiefs.
A Nebraska lunatic amused himself by
throwing baggage from a railway train be
tween stations.
A man with a beard twenty-nine and a
half inches long is the boast of Dawson,
Georgia.
3Ir. Lincoln's walking-stick and John
Brown's pike were burned in the Chicago
fire.
Two convicts of the Indiana Northern
State Prison turn out 200,000 barrels and
85,000 chairs annually.
A Cattaraugus county boy saw a tree fall
ing, and in his fright ran directly under it
and was killed.
A bar of silver as heavy as a barrel of
pork has been presented to the Pope by
Califomian friends.
In too many lamentable instances the
last scene of all this strange, eventful his
tory" is kerosene.
llutual admiration As tho season of
parties approaches boys begin to feel gallant
and "gals" buoyant.
The floor of a New Hampshire stable fell
out, and three cows that were hitched to
the stalls were hanged.
Among the remarkable signs of Chicago's
recovery is the daily advertisement of base
ball games to come off.
At a recent burglars' convention in Ver
mont, it was resolved tliat it was "expe
dient" to use chloroform on victims.
The prices of tbe best wheaten bread in
London are from fifteen to sixteen cents per
four pound loaf.
llr. ilcCormick lost $750,000 in Chicago,
and is ready to admit, no doubt, that .the
great fire is the champion reaper.
The three things most difficult are, to
keep a secret, to forget an injury and to
make a good use of leisure.
A Wisconsin man reported tliat he
couldn't find a word in the dictionary, be
cause "the blasted book hadn't got an in
dex." In a Charleston meeting a dissatisfied
disputant "broke" with the chairman, broke
two chairs, and broke up the proceedings.
Among the furniture necessary in the
church in Baltimore where the Episcopal
Convention is in session, is said to he 295
spittoons.
The New York Ilerald mildly calls
Bro willow "that wrathful and remorseless
old mouthpiece of sulphurous Satan."
An Ohio physician may justly claim sym
pathy lie poisoned a patient for $200, and
then the widow refused to pay him.
Jlrs. Moore, of Indiana, thrashed her
husband for getting drunk, and the Louis
ville Ledger calls her "the bride of lain-a-3Ioor."
In the garden of Mr- Morley, the Pack
iiorse inn, near xorK, England, there is a
pear tree with three distinct crops of fruit.
An extraordinary case Is that of a Scottish
girl, who recently died at the aga of 10,
whose body was less in size than that of
an infant.
A year-old boy-baby, beginning to walk,
is by no means a good euchre-player be
cause he insists upon "going it alone."
Ashbury has made several successful
deadheats to the windward, but has gained
the reputation of being a very successful
D. B. himself.
Disgusted with the decadence of UJt
xic Autn. .itca, iikj iuie iiuiiry .j. jvay
mond is said to have started a paper in the
spirit land.
"Dew d'Andes," for pocket-handkerchiefs
is the latest novelty in the perfumery line.
Probably the dispensers of it tlu'nk it will do
for dandies.
A Western editor who had beard about
enough big apple stories, kindly acknowl
edges tlie receipt of an apple, weight two
and a half tons.
Alexis was so young when his father de
clared emancipation, that there is a talk of
taking him down to Long Branch for the
sake of showing him a surf.
"Go to thunder!" is now rendered thus
"Take your departure for the abode of the
reverberating echoes of heaven's artilleryl"
We think that there are at least six papers
published in the United States that liave
not yet remarked that "Chicago will rise,
Phoenix like, from her ashes."
An illiterate butcher Of Athens has do
nated 10,000 to the Greek University
there, in which he was probably prompted
by nothing but sheer respect for letters.
On being acquitted on the cliarge of mur
dering hU wife, Rudd bolted from the court
room, rattled down the stairs three steps at
a time, and was out of sight in a twinkling.
A seventeen-pound trout, over three feet
in length, was found in the river at Haver
hill, Mass., a few days ago. It had been in
jured in going over tbe dam at Lawrence.
An obdurate screw nail may be easily
drawn if a piece of red hot iron is put on
the head of it for a minute or so, and the
screw-driver immediately afterwards ap
plied to draw it.
I AM NOW RECEIVINQ THE LARGEST
and best selected stock or
Ever brought to this market. I am prepared to
furnish the public with all qualities and trades
of Clothing
At Prices that Bety Competition.
The following Is a partial list of articles from
my stock, which will give somo idea of the extent
of my purchases:
Guitor Beavers,
Bine and Black Opera,
Derby and Chenteriield,
Viasonals) and Olive BrowJ,
Prince Alberts,
Jew Xarltet.
Fleettrood.
Also, a full line of Blnclc Cloth Coata, of
all styles, qualities anil prices.
SOO Fair Black Doeskin,
Cauimere Pant of all Qualities,
tirades and Prices.
Our Stock of Silt, Cloth, Caswlmere and
Velvet Tests Is complete as to quantity, qual
ity and price.
We have have also on hand a full line of
Ovorconts,
23Ja.zitxrJ.tst,-
In addition to the above we luTecooetanthrn
hand a full line of Gentlemen's Fnrslsh.
incr Goods.
We offer these goods to the trade at the lowest
market rates. Our stock is new and complete in
every department. m
Planters, Merchants and the Pullie generally
are invited to call and examine our stock before
purchasing elsewhere.
The many friends of JAMES W. EVANS,
formerly connected witit this bouse will And him
at this old and well-known stand, and he will be
pleased to chow them through the stock, and at
the same time be able to satisfy their tastes in
anv article pertaining to this line.
BILLY BROWN, son of ex-Mayor W. M.
Brown, is also connected with this house, and
will be pleased to have hfcj friends give hhn a
call, guaranteeing to please them in erery respect-
MIKE POWERS'
Star Clothing Store,
Corner JInrket and Square,
sepSeodSmsplstp NASHVILLE, TENN.
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
CLOTHING TRADE.
We liave just opened a
larger Stock of Ready-made
Goods, adapted to tlie early
Fall and Winter wear of the
Soiithwest, than ever before,
wliich we will sell to mer
chants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stoelc.
Partimlar attention is call
ed to our New Styles of Suits.
These Goods have been con
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at which we offer
them, they are the cheapest,
by far, of any in this market.
A full line of Beaver O.
Coats ami Gum Clothing on
sale. Ordei's carefully filled.
BOLIVAR H. COOKE Co.,
N-ASHVILIiE, TENN.
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Public
Square.
sslO tf
HOGS.
HOGS! mm HOGS!
The undersigned, Proprietors of the
"Sewanee Pork House,"
WILL PAY
THE BEST MARKET PRICE
During the entire season for
WELL PATTED HOGS.
We will Paek Hogs on Commission fin- thosa
who desire it on as tarorable terms as it can be
done in the West.
HART HEXSLEY,
c2ow ,sd&wlm A'o. Z South 31urket Nt.
BOOK AND JOB PRINTING?
NEAT!
QUICK!!
CHEAP!!!
a? 33: 12
IS PKEPAKED.TO TUKN OUT
JOB PRINTING
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION,
In the 3Iost Satisfactory Style, upon
Brief Notice, at the Low
est Rates.
OUR OFFICE, IN ALL ITS DEPART
MENTS, IS ONE OF
THE MOST COMPLETE IV TOE SOfiTH.
NPECIAI. ATTEXTIOS
-isarvESTO
ORDERS ER03I TIIE COUNTRY.
GIVE US A TBI AI.