Ctac Northerner.
aw liw, Micuuuw, Nor. 3, 1871.
ocal gJftparlmenL
The nws in the Free Baptist CharcU of this
pUco will be rented on Saturday cven-.ns, Xov.
4 th, atToVloc.
Cuuacii Nones EpiHcopal services and
h'unday School, Lavin beti suspended for
omo weeks on wcount of sickness, will be ro
uumed ou buoday next, at Ui3 usual timo and
plice.
Uboke n; Ann. .V boy named Daniel Sykes,
nged about nine year. fell from a straw stack
on the U9th ulL, and broko bia ai m.
P.rxis The contributions for the relief of
the sufferers iu Northern Michigan continuo to
;ome in steadily. All contributions will ba an
pliod faithfully to the object for which the do
nations were made.
As Old Settles Gone Andeew Loho-
bV-ket, ono of the first settlers in VanEurcn
County, died at bis residence in tho Villiigo of
Lavrton, on Friday, tho 27th day of October, at
tho age of about noventy-on3 years. Mr. Lous
street cime to Michigan iu tho year 1823, from
Lyons, Orleans Co., N. Y., stopping for some
time in the vicinity of Detroit, from which
piaae he went to Ohio, and after a short stay
icturned to No w York. In 1833 Mr. Longstrect
returned to Michigan and settled iu Jackton
county, from which he removed in 1331 and
aettled near tho proaent villago of Lawton,
from which time he has boon intimately identi
fied with Van Huron Couuty and its progress.
Uk3 was elected tho first Sheriff of tho Couuty
alier its organization. Wuen tho township of
Antworp was organized in 1837, ho waa elected
the firbt Supervisor aDd at tho timo of his
death wa Poet Matter at Lawton. lie was a
plain man, possessing great f orco of character
and goodnoas of herrt and one whose integri
ty was never doubted. 1 1 has gone to big rest
life's feverish excitements and anxieties are
over with him but the memory of his virtues,
his charities and his kindnesses will long be
held in tne remembrance of all who knew him.
Doat'r Kxow. Next Monday is the day for
tbe opening of a regular term of the Circuit
Court. A postponement was announced
through our column last week by tho Clerk, but
now neither tho Clerk or any body elso ean tell
whether we are to have a term next week or
not.
Alkost a Cosfiaoritio:. On Friday last
aa incipient fire wan discovered breaking from
the roof of the Jewalry Store of X. W. Mel
cbor Son. The alarm was given and in a
few minutes tbe fire was entirely extinguished
with hut slight loss. Tho fire caught from an
apperturo in the chimney, caused by the set
tling away of the lower portion while the upper
part remained supported by the roof. The de
fect baa been remedied.
Tub congregation of the Rev. E. H. Chapin,
of New York City, has contributed twelve
thousand dollars in cash, aud a loau oT fifteen
thousand dollars, without interest, towards
rebuilding the St. Pauls Univcraalist Church
in Chicago.
Vrna Alabm. At half past five o'clock p. m.
of Saturday aa alarm of fire was given, and in
less than two minutes every body was on the
streets and proceeding towards the fire, which
proved to be the burning out of a chimney.
At a meeting of the New York Chamber of
Commerce Chicago Relief Committao, held on
tho 23d or Cctober, flov. Salomon, ox-Mayor
Opdyke, and others urod the necessity of im-
tae hate relief for Michigan and Wisconsin. A
papar wa3 read, eignod by firms who have con
tnbutod fifty thousand dollars for Chicago
reuueatin tho Committeo to appropriate bo
much a it should dem proper for tae North
western sufferers: thoroopon twenty-flvo
thousand dollars was appiopriatad and sub
wcriptious oponed for furtbar contributions.
A Nrw York Postofficb Clerk AnnEsrEo.
John Moon, lata Aeeiatant Superintendent
Of tbe box department of tho city poBtoflioe,
U9 boon bold to await tho action of tho grand
jury on a charge of opening letters and em
bezzling the contents.
Real Estate Valuation is New Yobk. At
a moenting of the Commissioners of the Sink
ing Fund, A, J. Bleekor, Courtlandt Palmer,
Adrian II. Muller, who wero appointed to ap
praise the city real ostato, reported its valuo to
bo $211,000,000, and presented a bill or 152,-
flno for thoir work. The matter was referred
to the Deputy Comptroller.
lUnen Mrom Mis Slakes,
The Chicago Evening Journal, in speaking
of tho lato lire, says
Kot a more terrible calamity has ovor over
taken any city in modern times. Tbe number
of buildings destroyed exceeds 30,000. Tbe
amount of property destroyed will excooi
$200,000,000. The number of miles in length
of the scene of conflagration u about five, and
its wodth ranges from a mile to a half a mile.
Hot less than 2,500 acraa bave been completely
burned over. It is believed that not lees than
G00 lives have been lost perhaps many more.
The residents and occupants of buildings fled
in terror from the rapidly sweeping ocean of
flames, lint few had time to save anything
but thsir lives. Men, women aod children, in
iwanns. fled in terror before the conflagration,
and neTor before on the face of Goi's earth
ana never u
has such a spectaclo of torror, agony.chaos and
Buffering been witnessed. Words are too weak
to gire the reador anything like a justUoaof
the horrible scone.
The fire broke out in a stablo on the torner
of De Koven and Twelfth etroets, in which a
woman was milking a cow, the animal kicked
ovor and breaking a kerosene lamp. From
this small beginning, tho great city has been
laid in ruins. Tho fire begun at l o'clock on
Fnnday evening, October 8th, and raged with
enabled fury until Tacsday morning. October
10.
Tim flames emcvl from nouao to uouso.
i.i.i-k to block, from street to s'rcot.witu
iaTrPrt of ramdity thai is almost Incredible.
a degree un y J.f BjmwftP f Hro from
It would seem as if a shower of I re from
ueaven bad fallen upon that part of tho city
or as
if a tot and ncry wind irora me uouoa
bad swept down upon us.
Dr. E. J.
King will be in
fw Taw every Monday, for the purposo of at
tondiog to tho wants of any porson who may
need the services of a first class dentist. He
trill occupy rooms at tho residence of Chaihs
Bellcci, Esq.. where be will be pleased to meet
all L s'old friends and customers, and serve
thorn ti ilia beet of bis ability, experience and
AttL m
A uui
Bali or a Law Liliubt. The lion. A. Bald
win, of Pontile, has told a portion of his mag
nlflcent law library, consisting of a complete
et of the American Reports. The bar of Kan
sas City are the purchasers, and ther pay Mr.
Baldwin 1 13,500 for this portion of bis library.
Ibis is tho only complete sot of American Re
ports ever collectod in America, and has been
collected by Mr. Baldwin with a Great expendi
ture of money and labor. Somo of tho books
in tbis collection are rd raro and expensive that
ttioy aro worth from $50 to 10) each, in fact
Mr, Baldwin has paid as high as $75 for a em
lo book in mttking bis collection. Kxactly the
eamo books that hno so! Is for $13,500 he
offered to tho University of Michigan for tftf,
000 but a few weeks ago, as your readers will
remember, but in their poverty wero unable to
accept tho tiuly generous uffer of Mr. Baldwin.
Hie removal of thi3 collection of law boots
will not only bo a loss to tho city of Pontiac,
but to tho entiro law fraternity vl Michigan,
and mcTo particularly to tho bar of Oakland
county, from the fact that, throua tho gener
osity of Mr. Baldwin, they have had constant
acccBS to this library
(Advertisement.)
The ft rent Chicago Fire.
riscwhero in our columns will be seen an ad
vertisement of a new publication published by
tuo I'Eiou rubiiumg Co., oo:ug a complete
picture of Chicago betore and alter the CJreat I
connagration. rue Authors embraco tho nest
tiilent tuo Citv affords: Mr. Upton being the
Literary IZditor of tho Chicago Tribune, an J
Mr. Sheahin, the Editor, eich with bis part to
perform, ib soflieiont evidence that the work
will be done well, and not too hastily, iu this
respect, this Hook will be far ahead of any t Ling
that has or will appear, and all who want a coi
rect Uistory, will lina in this something that
they can hand down to future generation.
the work will bo fully illustrated by tho beet
artists, to which will bo added a correct map of
the City, aud mechanically as well as historical
ly, the book will be second to r.one.
Our readers will find something in this, with
out doubt, that will interest tbeuj and also be
beneticiaL We bespeak for tins Book a sale,
both homo and abroad, fully as large as any
American hook can possibly obtain. 8G0A8&J
AMENDMENT TO ORDINANCE NO. ONK.
Be it ordained and established by the Presi
dent and Board of Trustees of the Village of
Paw Paw: That Ordinance No. 1, shall be
amended by inserting alter tho words, "brick,
stone or iron," the words "or tho roof thereof
shall consist of wood or any other material ex
cept slate, iron or some other material contid
ered non combustible."
Paw Paw. Oct. 25, 1871. 865w2
I'EIER (iREMPS, Presiceut.
Alex, M. Haeeison, Recorder.
He.nbt Wabo Beecueb regsrds tobacco as
tbe most selfish of luxuries, but be partakes
daily of those unselfish luxuries Tea and Coffee
Tne delicious and fragrant Teas and Coffeoa
dispensed by the Great United fctates Tea Co.,
of 2G, and 30 Voaev street, N. Y., are luxu
ries indeed and can bo bad at N. Y. prices at
the store of Wheaton it Teed, Druggists, Paw
Paw, Mich. 8GQ
THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN
LADIES HATS,
oust RoceiTed at MRS. IIOYT'S. 8G6tS
BUSlNSiS CIIANUK l
TO LTTMEEnMElT I
Having disposed of our interest in tho retail
business, our whole time will be devoted to the
purchase and sale of Lumber suitable for the
EASTERN AND CHICAGO MARKETS,
and thoHO having such Lumber for sale will rind
it for their interest to cive ns a call before sal
ling. Our Choice Micnioan Wiiitewood will
bo made a specialty. Otace over T. 1. Ross's
fctoro, opposite Dyckman House.
HKNRT FITCH.
Paw Taw, Mich., Oct. 1G, '71.
8(JRf
INSURANCE
INSURE WITH THE
1 1 Springfield Fire Marine lift Co.
OF SPRINGFIELD, IASS.
All Chicago Iohscs promptly paid, and Capital
aud surplus remaining of over
$000,000
HARRISON ROWLAND, AgoutF,
853tf Offico m Court Houte, Paw Paw, Micb.
Ualford Leicestershire
Table Sauce!
Tho
Eest Sauce and Relish
SLiDB IX A5T TAUT OF THE WORLD
FOIL FAMILY USE.
TO EH IUD OV AIX FIE! CLASS OBOCEK3. 8C5t31
Tkxv.-k TTp hv ttio Huhscriber on or abont tho
firBt 0f May, 1871, at bis reaidenoo iu AimeDa,
on the Allegan road, near Dodge's mill, a two
year old stag, red, with white strip on back.
The owner U hereby notified to prove property
pay charges and take tho amm J away.
Dated Aimena, OctoberJ31, 1871. 8G6t3
4 DEN J. REN WIRE.
Chilla and Fever axe promptly cured by Barr's
Ague Medicine. 0. Longwell Agent.
Rer. Wm. Graham of N. W. lnd. Confer
ence, tajs Darr's Pectorial Elixir ocUIikoa
charm." G. W. Ixingwell Agent.
AG ENTiT WANTED E VEEiHERE,
To sell the most popular work ever before in
troduced to the American public.
THE GREAT CONFLAGRATION.
C HIC AGO.
ITS r-AST, PTKdEHl AWD FDIUBI.
The OrUln, lropress and Results of the
Cireat Chicago Conllagratloii'.
With graphic neenes, incidents, and details of
the di-aeter. Lista of the principal Banners,
Minnfatnrflrs and Merchants
wlio aze losera.
A complete picture of Coicago betore and after
the fix e. The Trade and Commerce of Cmoago.
Details of its Municipal Affairs, and the Great
I ires or the World.
The statistics of the Fire Department, with
a desciiption of the wonderful Water Works.
Description of the Sewerage, paving and build
ing nutenaU. ITie extraordinary marvel of
the River running up stream. The number,
location and mode of operating tho Grain Ele
vators. History and docriptiou of the famous
Stock Yards. The number of Railroads, the
Lake Trade and Commerce. From personal
obBervanons by
GEORQE P. UPTON, CPcre?iino Pick1o
Literary EliUr Chicago Tnbvnr
AND
JAMES W. SHEAH AN,
Jsiaor cj vuictji x rwinz.
A book of 350 pages. il!u?tratl by t'.io bct
artist!, ana will be urtny of V contl !ca e of
Pnce in extr C,oth Vid Gilt. v2.5). Will
b3 nont by mad on rocoipt of prico.
mis worn can uniy oj ooiainej irom inopuy-
an it is sold exclusively by sab-cnption, and
cinnoi ue ou'aiuea irom any DootstortS in too
United Statis. Address
UNION PUBLISHING CO.,
8CCtl 1C5 Twenty-second st., Chicago.
Buy your SOAJ? of
j:. iuiHiS:ii.
All the best variet;ei on Landtwo of them
very Bupeiior.
Bay the be ft artiste, the Ualford Table Sauce
False DrxicAcr. The friends of thoso who
are troubled with bad breath, and, through
overBqueamibhnB8, dislike totrefer to it, com
mit a positive and cruel mistake, esoocullyif
they aro aware of the merits and great eflleacy
of thoiraKrant Sozodont. This is the true
and only remedy for the difficulty there is no
valid excuse for a bad breath now.
Spaldins'a (due mends everything.
Ji us in ess Notices.
J. Mills, experienced FUw Filer, at Warner's
Furniture More fc"aws tilwl,aud set W8tl
Fal where did you get that woe Hep for 30c
Why at liosa'a. Who else do you think woutd
have Hich nice ones
D. B. Poland's Best Balcratna at GlidJenV
only 10 cents per pound.
Ma, I am going to buy my weddincr outfit of
Roes, for ha always has ench nice Goods then
ho will send to. anything 1 want
You can get a good, two or three hooped pail
at Gliddou's for 2o cents.
Youpg mm, where did you get that box of
Collars lor 10 cants? Why, at Kosb'p, where
do you think just look at them. Cloth button
hole too!
May Flower Chewing Tobacco at Glidden's
for $1.25.'
All the ladies in Paw Paw know Ross keeps
the best line of Gaiters and Dr-Hn Shocn and he
wauV ev0 l,oJy m tLo Oounty toknowiL-
uvo um mo uinuoi,
Wo bear no comolamt:) from that best Japan
Tea; every one who has tried it bays CUdluu
keeps the best in town.
You would bo perfectly surprised to sco tlio
stacks of goods Hogs ban for a!e.
Say, Jim! I am going to Ross's for mv
Clothing this year for ho has the latest styles.
That's so, K-aui
Barr's Ague Medicine is a most excellent
tonic (J. W. Longwell, Agent.
Ross keeps tho bene Bilk which is tho best.
If yon want the coldest gla;s of soda water
from the Arctic fountain go to Wheaton
Teed'e. 813
Bay, Susan did you see thoso nico plaid
good-i at Ross's Oh I bow lovely they are
Bave your money bv buying Teas of V beaton
A Teed. 813
500 pieces bent make and latest stylo prints
for sale by Rose.
Barr's Pectoral Elixir is sold by all Druggists.
Pnce Ono Dollar. Sold by O. W. Longwell.
Fabmebs Attention. I have for sale two
good Seed Drills which 1 will sell cheap, or I
will exchange for lumber. Also a good single
buggy for Bdlo. .J. C. WARNER.
Paw Taw, AuKustJ), 1871. 851tf
Barr's Ague Medicine contains neither qui
nine or arnenic. O. W. Lougwcll Agent.
One Dollar will actually euro your Cougli.
Buy Barr's Pectorial Elixir. O. Vr. Long well
Agent.
Bay. Mr. Editor, if you can't find R, O it SS
onough, jufet put in what you pleaBO so you get
tho people to know that Ross has tho biscett,
txttt aod cheapest stock of goods in Van Bur en
County and that he has not timo to write ad
vertisements and don't believe in blowiog bis
business but simply wishes in a modest way
to say to everybody in Van Ruren County that
bo is determined to sell goods and that for
cash.
More New Goods. Another largo invoice of
summer goods just received at Van Aukens.
Have your Clothing made at Van Aukens.
Always the best Goods and lowest pricos at
Van Aukens. 817.
Parr's Ague Medicine is sold for one dollar
per bottle. O. W. Longwell, Agent.
Splendid Lawns only one shilling per yard at
Van Aukens. 817.
I Ladies do not buy your Millinery and Fancy
I Goods before looking over tho choice aesort
ment of everything iutbe above lino now open
ing at rie.ilickTa. 812
Ladies Slippers, from 00 cents up at Van
Aukous. 817.
A magnificent stock of Straw Huts and Hon
1 nots, 1 lowern, Ribbons, Loccs and Fancy Goods
Jut opened at Selhck's. 812
Another lan;e invoice of cloth and veslings,
jhat received at Van Aukens. 817.
i We propose to keep tho largest stock and
make the lowest prices in all btraw and Mdu-
ncry Goods now biog ehown at Schick's. 812
Save your money, S wo your raonoy. 20 per
cent saved by buying our Dry (5 ooU;?, Cloth
im. Huts aid Cap-, Boots Shoes etc., at Van
Aukens. 817.
'lho larpet stock, tho best assorted and the
fiucst quality of Dry Goods, lotuing, Roots S:
Shoes, Hats tV Capu, ever cirored in this urnrLet
at tli lowest prices, at :ellicli's. 812
Everybod? wants to go to Ross s for their
Dry Goods and fancy fixena.
Malarious Fevers yiold at once to tho mllu
enoo ot lUrr's Ague Medicine. G. W. Long
well Agent.
Physiciaus recommend Darr's Pectorial Elixir
for diseases of tbe Thtoat and Luns. See cir
i tulars. G. V. Longwell Agent.
j Hats and CapB for everybody for salo byRos-?
1 of I'aw l'w.
Roes is determined to sell Goods.
Old Men, Young Men, Youths and Roys re
member Ross has the boat line of Clothing
in Van Ruren County and no mistako.
Roes is ahead. First new arrival by exprees
and f at line.
Rarr'a Ague Medicine is pleasant to take, is
sure, is effective. O. W. Longwell Agent,
i Children will take Rarr's Pectorial Elixir. It
will cure Croup. (I. W. Longwell Agent.
i'i-:.nMio.'i.
SOLDIERS OF 1812-for Pensions apply to
O. W. Eowlakd. County Clerk, Paw Paw. 32
WONKY TO liO llV.
On improved unincumbered farms, for one or
more years. For terms, etc., enquire of
853 C. A. HARRISON, Paw Paw, Mich.
3Ioncy to Loan.
I have money to loan on good unincumbered
real estate. Holla E. QrriCK.
July 5. 1871. 819m6.
TI3A, TEA, TKA, TEA.
1 Thoso who enjoy a good cup of Tea aro here
by informed that a choice articlo of Japan Tea
can bo had at the Grocery Store of W. II. Glid
don, which will be sure to givo satisfaction to
all lovers of that beverage. 815.
Mivery Varntly Should Keep laiH
.Irnlca Oil in the Mlounc,
It cures scalds, burns and itching humor.1?
Chilblains, wound, and puin'ul tumors,
All healing Oitjtmcnt I who can find
A greater blessing for mankind.
Pago's .rnicaOil cures Ebomnatism.
Page's Mandrake Pills cure Dyspepsia.
Pace's Anne Oil cures Pimples on tho Face.
Pago's Mandrako Pills cure hcidacho.
81Gt2j Sold by Wheato A Tled.
Buy Parr's Aguo Medicino aa a preventuivo
or aa a cure. O. YV. LouwmII Agent.
Aa; vo ir Druggist for Ban's Pectorial Uluir.
0. VV. L.ngw?! Age'jt.
AurinV Ague Drops, purely vegetable.
For li it. ou can cure 3 or 4 ciscsof Ague.
Wo tao Auptm's Ague Diop fi,r Agno.
Austin's An'i1' Drop warranted tocuro Agio
Ague Drops for ?ai.j at P.utlcr's Uroc-ry.
C.irpts! Carpets I Carpets 1 I thought I
would bavj to aiivanco tho price as wool had
ad?anced so rnu.;h; but hero thoy go at old
price. T. L. Row.
2INiolution Xoticc.
Paw Paw, Mich., Oct. 4th, 1871.
Tho Copartnership heretofore existing be
tween tbe undersigned and Joshua H. Froo
mn, under tbe firm name of Fitch .V Freeman,
is hereby dieeolted. 8C3t4
IIkwht Fnw.
Detroit Advertisements.
mil IO AN MACHINERY DEPOT.
G. S: WOltMEtt .1- SON,
Dealers In all kind of
Wood and Irou Working Machinery.
S3, 101 and 103 Jefferson Ave.,
Demon, Mien.
r. DOELTZ A BROTHER.
Importew and Dealers in
Fancy Goods,
Tors, Yankee Notions, IIosrEHY, Laces and
TttI3UI!X08,
And Manufacturers of
Children's Cab iuqe3. Baskets Sleioiis,
Jfrs. SO and 82 Woodward Ave., Detroit.
guipYouu
FLOUR AND WHEAT
TO
(tTLTjYFT ct- HA LL9
DETROIT.
We guirantee highest pmes, immediate sales
and prompt returns. t,r Liberal Cash advances
JJIO SHIPPERS OF
WHEAT!'
Wo aro prepared to offer inducements to'
shippers of wheat not surpapKocl hy those of
any otner nonso. Lanerai aivaucc3, prompt
attention aud quick rt turns.
JACOIt ISKESON ACO..
Do Woodhridge Street West, Detroit.
C
RAIN BUYERS CONSIGN
TO
DETROIT.
We guarantee pre mpt pales and immediate
returns. Wo ara able at all times to place car
lota or Faui White cr Red Wheat to advan
tage if skipped in through lino cars.
We refer to all Biuks and Commercial Agen
cies. j ARM&aES AND SLEIOIIS.
it trail "jTj.vs'.v.
Manufacturer and Dealer in
tinriatjes, Jluffjics aud Shiyhf,
COBNER LAB3KD A5D CASS BIS.
A large assortmen t of E A STERN and 1 lome
made Ruggies, Carriages and Sleighs on band
or fiDished to order.
An examination of etocu and prices solicited.
TORN RATION SOX,
Manufacturers and Dealers in
CARRIAGES, RUdCIES, SLEIGHS, Ac,
The finest assortment in Michigan. Establish
ed iu 1812.
Factory, Corner Wood bridge and Erush Streets
Repository, 22G Jefferson Ave., Detroit.
JJ.URNIIURE1
los. 21J, 215, 217 Woodward Ave., Detroit.
AVe bave a complete assortment of the finest
Furniturw, and other grades. A cad from buy
ers is solicited. Wo are fully ablo to suit all
as to quality and prices. We manufacture
most of our Furniture, and can guarantee sat
isfaction. I
AM SELLING ALL STYLES
ov
HOUSEHOLD FUUNITUnE,
Twentv-five per cent, less than any other house
J Jetroit. Do not ran to visit niy b urnituro
Warerooms.
JOSH. W. SMITn,
250. 252 and 231 East Sida Woodward Avenue.
T?t ALL AND WINTER STOCK op Fink
WlIIIE AJ?D ROBDEHED
CHINA DINNER AND TEA SETS,
Some very fiue in Colors also fine Cut Glaes
Rogers. Smith A: Co. 'a fine Plated Goods; Ivory
ana uuboer Handled Lutiery, l.rgo btocu of
Mand, Uracket and Hanging Lamps, A:c.,
torsale at low pness by I). McJORMiCK.
10 Michigan Ave., opu. New City Hll. Detroit.
SWEW ERA IN SEWING MACHINES.
J llio New Wilson Underfeed Sewing Ma
chine makes tuo tame stitch as the Singer,
Howe, and all otber high price Lock-Stifc;h Ma
chined. It is thtir equal in all. and superior
in many respofts, taking the premium iu the
State Pairs or 1S71 over al) others. Sold 420
Icbs than any oilier liret-class machines. War
ranted fiM vears. Snd for circulir-.
E. CHENEY vV; SUN, Gen'l Atj'ts,
172 Woodward Ave., Detroit, Michigan
YjOllN II. DOUOIIERTY,
Manufacturer of
Picture and Mirror Frames,
CnaoMos, 7!xGnAVixG3, and Photos,
At Wholoaib.
2S7 Jefferson Avenue, Detroit, Michigan.
TlIEODOP.E S1QLEIT.
llanufacturjr of
fj'wkin-(jltM nid Picture Frames,
Gilt, Rosewood, Walnut Ornamental
Mouldings.
Importers of Looking-GlaBH Plate?, Chromoe,
and Engravings.
34 Atwater Street, Detroit.
LAY ADAMS,
i Manufacturers of and wholesale dealers in
PUKE WHIIE WINE, CIDER AND MALT
ruEiiiuu
TINBGABS.
11 Atwater Street West, Detroit, Michigan.
ZT OLDSMITH'S. BRYANT STItAITON
i DceniEfls Ukivkbsiii, Detboit. Rupiness
practically taught after tbe Counting House
spstem, the only true and practical system for
illustrating real business, requiring Ranks.
Stores. Luftiness Houses, Offices, Board of
Trade, etc. No institution ever took a pre
mium for Book-keeping and Business Practice
over this institution, and any assertion to the
contrary is false. Please address as above for
papers and documents. 8G3m3
CHALLENGE I will placo $500 in the
bands of any responsible party whenever
any Milliard Table manufacturer is willing to
test tho merits of bis Billiard Tables against
mine, as to durability, exact toorhnanshtp and
tyk corricttwss and quickness of cushions, ho
venturing a like amount on the decision and
I further proDoso that tbe winner shall dispose
of the money wen by giving it for some chari-
4.1 i- 1 1 umriTT i?vniTtn
Billiard Table Manufacturer, Detroit, Mich.
TAMES JENKS, f Estabijbtied 1851.
'J Dealer in all kinds or
MAC III Mill Y A XI) SUPPLIES.
Alio, Agent for
HALL'S PATENT SHINGLE MACHINE.
2'J AtwatT Strcot Eaat, between Bate and
Panlolph Street', Detroit, Mic'i.
i fr AMriJELL. LINN CO.,
J Dealers in
111 anl 113 Woodward Avenue, corner Con
greaa street, I etroit. Mich.
nss ma avaTi spf.cia r. t r.
S. S. IliTT,
Q-TJ'NSMITH
PAW PAW, MICHIGAN,
f nrinirl to exocu'o all work in that line
Mingle. Double and Throo Barreled Riflesmade
to order. Shot Guns and everything in the
I lino of a hunter's outfit furnished on uhort
I notice. BOSJy
IB PLWIHLIIIMJS 4JKTOII
in i: i' ins
VAST
RmiHiii demonsii'atioiiM
C4re:it excitement over
Fall ami Winter Stock.
J It U k t. "ay
;LAIUKST, HKST SKl-K.'JTKh, MOST
Stwlc .d' Jfvu rvr br-)-jl:t to Ptw
Our Stock -t
DRESS GOODS
Wn never sj ittir iiivy ;uid y.re-eul.s ?nany r:
bettor cIjs? of l' joJ" tlnu wai ev.'r kept
1U13II I'OPUNS, SILK VALOURS, CIIKNRS, SILK-WAUP 11KNKI.
KTTAH, STItlPEI) JAPANHSIC SILKS, SILK'-WAKI hi
ONALS, liLACK PUUK MOHAIR AND SATTIXK, K V! PKKSS POP
LINS, MBULVOS:, JAPANKSK PDPIJX5,
od all iu tautiful and rJcu'iai colors
finest taste
thou is too
Kvery l 'Jy hon!d ro cjp
our.
Wc havo the largest Jino in
Shawls and Skirts
To be found ia this unrket, all cew patterns, with cir;n lownr ih ia l ist vn:r
Our immense tock of
Fancy Goods and Motions,
GLOVES,
IIOSIKKY,
COKSIITS,
BUSTLh-hf,
HOOP SKIHT3,
HOOD?,
NUIHAS,
i:to. ktu inc.
Presents utiusial attra?ti'j'J- and i fpjr..j to oya?? in this part of the State
Xcadios and Geziiz XXadorolotbing,
Of ovry uulitjr lower t!'..! t-vcr.
j Zjjiio-E stock: ojp ihtjss
Just rc?civcJ, pric very Ir.v.
Sv?Tj?miy should Kee our sto'-: of
W O O
ieforc tboy buy, vo cjq eavs you fru-ra
Flannels and BlasaketE.
Our stock i very larze find prices very low,
n our imtnetiee ftooV ct
Cloths and
Will bo found unusual attractions both
were al) bought directly from the IMPOltTKIlS and M A NTF A CTU 1U5 RS
before tho advance ia wooleoi, vfhich trill finable n. to make tho prices even
lower thin laet eaou.
VJRSTINGS of every Style
CLOTHING,
A largo stock just opeoed, wc eao beat
id the State.
IhMi INVOICE HATS CAPS
Just received.
All the latest style?.
floods,
Lastly br,t not not lcn?t, is our lare
Wo buy only cf tho raanufjeturers in
to our O'Htoracrs. All our boo'3
a saving cf at least 10 per cent, to
Oar fntirn ?tock is complete in every
U1?.
To avoid the rush c mc early, but if you aro not ofraid of ruRh camo nuy timo.
Socinsr is believio?, cail and cxoinioo for yourselves.
iicpcc:ful!y Your?,
in i m; i.ii i n,
at
the
Van A ii ken' Store
arrival of our new
th if t'i'i
ATTRACTrVK AND OHK.VPIfi.ST
I'aw, I'.-r ':rjb Ay t':i?:
fjt!2r nmon which .ir- mnnj
in thi mrkct.
which caunot t. nvt th o ot tbr
Oeoi? before p'jr;!i3?iDf tor ro rc-
L IS
N" S
l'J to LfU per sent.
Cassimeres
iu style.i and qualily. Ihcso fJoods
and quality just recicveil
the Jew.
The best overcoat i'ur 0,00
We can beat any fivo countia in thrno
ock of
larc lot?, thereby sayinsr Jojbcrs iarRin
arc warranted, nod nnd wo pnnrantfl a
thoe who buy their good of en.
respect.
Sato your money auJ eorno and
A. VAN AUK KM.