JpjfceUantj.
Newspaper Government.
Thomas Jefferson said, that be would
rather have newppers without a ov
eminent than a goTeronieat without
newrpapers. There wan something pro
rhetiein the remark, for in the days of
Jefeerson newspaper were notwnatthej
are to dav. More and more the couutry
and the civilized world is comiug to be
covcrueJ bv newspapers.
TLts TuOitDunj Iliog had hold of the
machinery of a jtrea:. party. They held
power in a city where a Urge part ol
the voters have oot iatelli.cence euough
to read, and another large part have uot
discrimination enough to understand
what they read. If ever there was a
political power that might hope to hold
its own ile.'pite the criticism of the press,
that power was Tammany. And so long
had they borne a fire of email shot, and
so much had their power increased un
derit, that It really seemed invincible
To every criticism of the pres their only
reepouse was the purchase of a couven
tion, a lept'.-lafure, a board of aldermen,
or, perchance, a newspaper itself.
But the delude came at last a deluge
ajaio-t which money was no barrier
Papers not purchasable took the thing
in hand in dead earnest. And one char
acteristie of American journalism is it
furious earnestness, and its fierce con
centration upon tho uppermost topic.
When once the cry was started, aluioot
every paper wheeled into line. No jour
nal could afford to stand back. Secret
accounts were puplished. The graves of
buried secrets were opt ned by tiie re
inorseiffs 'special reporter." who is
worth a thou-and detectives. Then the
machinery of a convention was of no
avail. Tweed held the convention, but
the papers swept the conventiou to the
wioJs. Tweed held the judges, most
people thought, but the judges have not
dared to reverse the decision of a case
where the verdict has beeu already made
up by public opinion.
Alter all, newspapers are nothioR oft
them elvef. Newspaper government ts
representative government of the highest
ordr. Newspapers have power because
they have a constituency and speak its
voice. They govern only as they are
able to influence those whom they repre
tent. But politicians are coming more
and more to understand that they can
not govern without the press. Geo.
Butler had gathered into bis hands iu
hi great fight iu Massachusetts all the
elements once considered necessary to
success. He had every di.-contented and
effervescimr element in the party, from
th temperance men to the communists.
Backed by thee aggressive and power
ful elements, he had also the immense
support of government patronace. But
he was beaten, terribly and utterly, simp
ly becanse he had the independent news
paper press against him. For iu Massa
chusetts, if anywhere, the newrpaper i
all but omnipotent.
A .Sleepy David.
In a certain small town on the Mis
iMippi lived a man who made horse tra
ding a business. lie bought up horses
fur a city market, and was considered
pretty good on a trade.
One day, a long, lean, queer, green
looking cpechneu of the Vesiern couu
try arrived at the dock with a boat load
of horfces. He inquired for the horse 1
jocaey.
L iddy wot xn down with some hor
fs." lie taid iu a half idiotic tone.
"Who is l,e
"Daddy."
'What da you want for the horses?"
"laddy said you could set your price,"
was the response.
Let me co down and look at your hor
es," said Brown, and accordingly they
were foou at the boat. J
Brown examined the horses, and nam j
el the price he would give for this one
aud for that, and the couotry bumpkiu
made no objection, although ome of the
offers were not 'more than one half the
worth of the animal. One of the by
standers said to the countrymen that he
was being cheated, but he returned
'"Daddy t-aid Brown would eet the
price," and eo Brown had it all his own
way.
At last they came to another animal
which did not look bo much superior to
the rest.
'I must have more for this animal,"
fail the fellow. "Daddy says he can
ruu some."
"Kan!"' faid Brown, "the nag can't
ran worth a cent."
"Daddy said so, and daddy knows."
"Why I've got otie up to the stable
tnat would beat him all hollow."
"Guess not," said the fellow. "Let's
try 'em. I'll bet the "whole boat load of
horses on 'em." Brown smiled.
"I 1! stake five thousand dollars
aprainst your boat load," said Brown,
w nking to the crowd; "and these men.'
selection two, "shall ho'd the stakes."
Brown's five thousand was intrusted to
one and the other went ou board the
hore boat
One of the crowd started to reraon
strate with the idiotic fellow, but he only
responded
"Golly?, dad told me he conld run
some and daddy ouiiht to loose, if he
was such a tarnal fool as to tell mo that
when he coaldn't."
Brown's sleek racer was brought down
and Brown mounted him. The country
mau led out tie animal and clambered 1
oo his back, looking as uncouth aud
awkward as the horse he proposed to
ride.
The word was given and they started
amidst the laughter of the crowd. At
first Brown was at the head, and it look
ed as if the poor fellow was to be badly
beaten, when suddenly his horse plunged
forward and the jockey waa- left far be
hind. Such going had not been seen in
those parts for a long time, and poor
Brown was crest fallen as the cheers of
the bystanders fell oi bis ears.
"I'll take the "sphondulix" said the
countryman, riding up "Dad was ri;:ht
The auermal can git around a little."
Brown tried to say it was all a joke,
but tho fellow would have his money.
"I guess I won't trade to-day," he said,
as be put up his old rough leathern
pocket book, "I'll go back to daddy."
In vain Brown tried to induce hira to
trade, but he pushed off: his boat, reso
lutely, saying, -I'd better go back and
tell daddy."
Brown was completely "sold," for he
knew at once that the green countryman
was a little shrewder than people imug
inged him, and had just come here pur
posely to win his money from him.
Next time he did not ridicule a horse
that "daddy" said could "run some."
A strictly business like young lady of
Vermont laid her damages in a hre.ich of
promise suit at ?40, charging the value
of her time spent in listening to her
luver'fl courting at cine abiliiogf a week.
Fantilon Items.
Gimp is again fashionable for trim
ming..
'Surplice trimming is much used for
basques.
Pale blonde powder is very injurious
to the hair.
Ruffles continue to grow in favor as
trimming for dresses.
A new style of wedding card is of pure
white, with gilt edge.
The latest style of gold bracelets are
the gauntlets, and are nearly three in
ches wide.
Bound hats have been discarded al
most entirely by young ladies.
Marie Antoinette capes of velvet,
plush or asterene, are to be worn iu the
street with costumes, this winter.
Jet trimming has come in fashion
again and is ned very much on cloaks
and cloth costumes.
Necklaces, compo.-ed of very large tor
toise shell beads, elaborately carved, are
considered very elegant.
A new style of bronze clocks, for par
ties, chime a tune of music with silver
bells, at the stroke of each hour.
The latest style in wedding cards is
very long and narrow, of heavily glazed
pasteboard, with monogram or crest
stamped in silver.
Many ladies mve ruined the shape ol
their ears by wearing heavy massive ear
rings, which not only spoil the shape of
the ear by elongiting it. but also produce
headache and pains in the face.
The latest wrinkle at fashionable wed
dings is for a black page in livery to
walk into church before the bride and
grooui carrying a small white cu.-bion.
on which is embroidered a monogram in
srilt letters, which he places in front of
the altar, for the couple to knee, ou, and
carries it out ajrain at the close of the
ceremony. What next?
The Nicknames of the States
Alabama, Lizards; Arkansas, Tooth
picks; California, Gold Hunters; Colo
rado, Rovers Connecticut, Wooden Nut
megs Delaware, Muskrats; Florida,
Fly Up the Creeks Georgia, Bnzz irds
Illinois, Suckers; Indiana, Hoosiers;
Iowa, Ilawkeyes; Kansas, Jayhawkers;
Kedtucky. Corn Crackers; Louisiana,
Creoles; Maine, Foxes; Maryland, Craw
Thumpers; Michigan, Wolverines; Min
nesota. Gophers Mississippi, Tadpoles;
Missouri, Pukes; Nebraska, Bug
Katers Nevada. Sage Hens New
Hampshire, Granite Boys; New Jersey,
Blues or Clm Catchers; New York,
Knickerbrockers North Carolina, Tar
Boilers aud Tuckoes Ohii Buckeyes
Oregon, Webteet and Hard Cases; Penn
sylvania. 1 ennnttes and Leathcrhcads
Rhode Island, Gun Flints; South Caro
lina, Wea.-eis Tennessee, Whelps;
Texas. Beef Heads; Vermont. Green
Mountain Boys; Yirgiuia, Beadles;
Wisconsin, Badgers.
The Austrian .Muddle.
From present appearances it would
seem that Autria is likely to furnish us
with our most exciting uews during the
yeir 1S72 The symptoms uf dissolution
are strong upon the Hapsburg Fuipire,
and the changes which now seem immi
nent may amount to somethiug more
than a peaceful revolution. The history
of Au.-tria from the fir-t has been a story
of change, of internal cmnuotion and
external war; the empire has always been
a mixture of elements which refuses to
coalesce, aud its condition is more inhar
monious now, if possible, tb.au ever be-
Vote
Discovery or Goli is Rhea Cocn
TY, Tenn A letter from Smith X
Roads, Rhea County, announces the dis
covery of gold nesr that place. The de
posit is on the land of C. W. Able. Our
informant says there is no doubt about
its being the geuuine article. Several
miners have tested it one of them a
geutlemau ot nve years experience in
the business aud they nil pronounce it
good, and that it ''pjns out" in paying
quantities. The deposit is fine particles.
Machinery has been seut for, to go ahead
with the work. A Owns Putt.
One of the latest novelties in sensa
tional revivalism is what the noted re
vivalist, Brother Moody, of Chicago,
calls his "lamb meetings." He takes a
veritable Iamb ou to the platform of the
meeting he is to address, and then reads
from the Bible and discourses upon the
texts which allude to "the lamb of God,
who taketh away the sins of the world."
To the disgrace of his he.irers, Moody
says it is very effective.
Tins is neatly put by the New York
Tribune: "In a suit brought by the
widow of a passenger killed by the ex
plosion of the Stuten Island steamer
Westfield, to recover damages, the own
ers of the vessel yesterday set up the ex
traordinary plea that the p-isseoger had
00 right on the boat because, under the
laws of the State, Sunday traveling is a
misdemeanor! That is to say, it was
illegal for the murdered man to travel on
Sunday. and therefore legal to blow him
up on that day."
A Mt. Vernou five year old, hearing
his mother remark in couipany that "she
usually found her first impresion of
people to he correct ones," called at the
top of his voice "Mamma, what were
your' pressions when you firstseen me?"
The subject of conversation was imme
diately changed.
a
A. IHOtoilTH'L Uifr ou womeuV
rights comes to their defense very effect
ively as follows "I have seen women so
delicate that they were afraid to ride for
fear of the horse running away, afraid to
walk for fear the dew iniht fall, afraid
to sail for fear the boat might upset but
1 never saw one afraid to be married,
which is moreriskful than all the others
put together."
In England and Wales, with a ppa
lation of les than 23,000.000. there
were on the 1st of January, 1ST1, no less
than l.OStJOOO paupers. Thus one out
of every tweuty one per-nis is a subject
of ch irity. This is absolutely frightful,
and indicates a terrible state of social
civilization.
The Cincinnati Empiircr says: "A
new mliiical organization, knowu ss the
Sunn of America, haviug; for its object
opposition to foreigners, i rapidly pain
inj pround in the East. We'll have to
Split the battles of our Republican Ger
man friends once more, wo fear."
It is estimated that upward of thirty
thousand Southerners have settled in
New York City since the close of the
late war. Southern penerals, colonels,
majors and captains are almo-tscom
tnon in Broadway as they used to be in
Richmond.
Dr. T. H. Benton, of Dyersburi?, was
feverely hurt lattt week by beinp thrown
from his buppy wbil the buggy mule was
ruDainj away.
W. D. POWELL
Powell 8c Brother
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
mc 4 c? iee me. w
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Dealers in all Kindt of
Cocntry Produce and Live Stock.
VQ.Aho, Stork Pens Kept forDroves,
A FTER several rears absence from the
Grocery and Commission Business in
Hickman, we ajrain offer otir service? to our
friend and the public in tho same line of
business and ask renewal of their pttron
age so liberally bestowed upon us in 3'ears
past. We feel ourselves fully responsible
for our transactions and hope to give satis
faction in all of our dealings. H'e pur
chased our itoods in various wholesale mar
kets for cash at their very lowest cash value,
hence we flatter ourselves that we can sell
as low as the lowest. H'e especially call
attention to our frien Is who buy to sell
atrain to come and see us H'e feel confi
dent tht we can make it to their iuterest
to buy tneir small bills at least of us. He
will make liberstble advances on Produce in
store to be shipped to our account either iu
cash or goods. H'e will also barter with
our friends for all kinds of Produce or live
Stock. ju23.
SoS-TERMS CASH OR ITS EQUIV
ALENT tjr
Fall and "Winter Importation
Millinery and Straw Goods.!
ARMSTRONG. CATCR CO.
1MPORTKHS A.XD JOBBERS OF
BONNET TRI.V.VING V EI.VET RIB HONS.
BONNET SILKS, SATINS VELVETS,
Elcnds, ITstts, Crapes, Ssckes, Flrsrers,
Feathers, Crnanunts, Straw Eon
nets a:d Ladies' Hats,
Trimmed t I nlrlmmnl, Sill a krr HimmI,
Ac, itr.
237 and 2?,9 Baltimore strekt,
BALTIMORE. MIX
Offer t he largest Stock to be found in this
Country, and unequaled in choice variety
and cheapness, comprising the latest Eu
ropean novelties.
Orders solicited, and prompt attention
giren.
augl9 tf
J II PLAUT BRO.,
Sure ft tor to Wolf riaut,
H
MVE IN STORE THE LARGEST -4NI
most select stock of
DRY GOODS,
cloth i xa,
11 A TS
BOOTS k SHOES,
FUR XI TUR E A XI) CARPETS
teST'Thc hi'7hent ni'ir Jeet prire jmiJ fr
COTTON. WOOL, and COUNTRY.
PRODUCE C.ENERALLY.pst I
BOOT ANDSIIOU STORE.
N. L. NELSON,
Corner Jackson and Kentucky Sts.,
under tit Couriik OmcK, llickcu&n, K y
"jyKW ESTABLISHMENT just opened for
JJI the Lu&uufacturiug of
Boots and Shoes!
Good Workmen employed, and the best ma
terial used, which he warrauts to gi ve sat
isfaction. Also,
Kepuirinj Dour
with neatness and dispatch.
JOHN SIMONES,
DIALER IX
Fa mil y Groceries,
LIQUORS, FLOUR, TOBACCO,
SUGAR, COFFEE,
MOLASSES,
and every thing usually kept in the gro
cery line, and his motto is
Quick Siht and Small Profits."
Articles furnished in small orlaree quan
tities just as cheap us can be boutrht any
where else. JOHN SIMON KS,
febl2 ly Clinton street.
Administrator's Notice.
LL FERSONS HOLDING CLAI.IS
ainst the estate of Jesse J. Mills,
deceased, are hereby notified to present the
same in due form aud within the time pre
scribed by law, or this notice will be plead
in bar of their recorery. All persons in
debted to the estate are likewise notilied to
come forward and make settlement.
W. D CORBETT, Adm r. of
augl9 Jesse J. Mills, dee d.
John Troutweine,
HICK MAX, KY.,
KentvcJcy Street, at Barker's old stand
KEEPS on hand general anpply of'
Family Groceries, Provisions and
Liquors, etc., which they offer to sell cheap.
Eagle Mills.
QORN MEAL,
always
KEPT OX HASH!.
CORX AXD WHEAT WANTED,
for.which the highest market prices
will be paid.
2SST DUALITY PLOUS PCS SALE
BJ& Custom grinding every MONDAY,
mart) tf H. D. ROBINSON.
BUCKEYE
X&ower Ilcaper.
MR. N. P. HARNESS, is the only author
ixed sgent at Hickman, Ky.
This is the most durable and lightest
draft machine made. It is warranted to
cnt, if properly managed, ten o twelTe
acres per day, either grain or grass. The
manufacturers put them to the aeent at
Hickman on such terms as will enable him
to sell a cheap as can be purchased else
where. The machine will be taken back, or
the money paid for it refunded, if tried ac
cording to the warranty in printed circular,
and fails.
These machines are on exhibition at the
hardware store of N. P. Harness.
mayl3 tf
TREE DEALERS should send for Price
List No. 3. Southern sorts. Inviting
rates. W. F. HriKFs. Dayton. Ohio, f Nur
rit otaeUssed 1822.
t. W. POWELL.
S AMUEL LAN DRUM,
CLTXTOX ST., niCKMAX, KY.
ilGEUT FOR
the following Companies, which have
net assctts as follows:
;Etna of Hertford, 85,293,436 OS.
Plain !x of Hertford, 31.fJ74.8SS -91
Hertford of Iirtford2Jli:20t) 72
rudericrifrr'snf X. Y., $1000.000 00.
Home of Xcio' York, $4.51(1.30$ 00
Home of Xew ILtien, S1,7S0,3G5 49
Mtttwil lien eft Life of
XcicArk, Xew Jersey, 819,3i5;G39 81
Total, S30,u;o,909 01
Detailed statements of the condition
of cncli company certified by the State
Auditor, on tile in the office of the Clerk
of the County Court, in this city.
Every dacrijtion of incurred
on nioRt favorable tcnus.bf
Losses Promptly Adjusted and Paid
at this Agacy.
nich51y
Ayers Cherry Pectoral,
For Diseases of th Throat and Lungs,
ucb as Couhs, Colda, 'Wb.oopmg
Cough, Bronchitis, A nth ma.
and Consumption.
rrobaMr never before In the whole hf'r of
tneuirme, nas any tninir won widely uu'i no" -Try
Uiuo Hie Hmj!leii''o of iiiankitil, u tlin eioclleut
remedy for pulmonary complaint. Througl a
eries 'of yearn, and among most of the race" of
men it has ri.ien higher and higher in their t-tima-tion,
as it has bcx-ome better known, lu unilorin
character and power to cure the vai iouo affection,
of the lunps and throat, have made it known a a re
liable protector against them. While n-bpted to
milder forms of Jiea.-e and to yonni; chiMi'n, it is
t the tame time the most effectual reuieily fiat can
be piven for incipient consumption, and the daa
frcrou affections of the throat and lunRs. Asa pro
vimou spain-t eudden attacks of Croup, it shoulj
be kept on hanil iu every family, and in.leeil a ull
are fcometimes subject to cold.i and coughs, ail
should be provided with till antidote fortlicm.
Although nettled Cnntumption i Uiouirht iu-enr-'jle,
mill jrreat numbers ol caea where th ilia,
eafe becmed settled, have been completely cured,
anil the patient restored to sound health by the
Clu-rrrj I'ertorai. So complete is its mantery
over Uie disorder of the luiiss and 'lhroat, that
the most obxtinutc of them yield to it. When noth
ing else could reach them, under the C herry I'ce
toral they subside and disaptear.
Sinfjm and A'ulttie Speaker find freat pro
tection from it.
Anthmn U always relicTed and often wholly
cured by it.
HrottehitlM U (renerallr cured by taking tno
Cherry I'rrtnral iu mnall and freiicnt dohes.
So frenei allv aro its Tirtues known that we need
cot publish Ui'e. certificates of tlicm here, or do more
than assure, the public that its qualiliel art fully
maintained.
Ayer's Ague Cure,
Tor Ferw and Arie. Intermittent Terer,
Chill Fever, Remittent Fever. Dumb
Aifue. Periodic! or Bilious Fever, &c,
and indeed all the affections which arise
from malarious, marsH, or nnaamaUo
poisons.
As It mmf implies, H does Cure, airi does not
fs.il. Containing neither Arsenic, yu in in, Uifimuth,
Zinc, nor any other mineral or poisonou substance
whatever, it" in nonisc injures any p.ils nt. The
number and linnortance of it cures in the ame dis
trict, are luerallv bevond account, nnd tre liclicvo
ritliout a parallel in the hi-tory of Atnie medicine,
ur pride is pralificd by the acknowledgments we
receive of the radical cures effected in otxtinnto
C3e, and where other rtedies had wholly fuled.
I'naeelimateil jx-rsons, either resilient in, or
trarell.njT ttirouch iniamnti- localities, will be pro
tected by takine the AdfK CVHK daily.
For I'irt-r Vumnlaint arising from torpidity
of the I.ivcr, it i sh excellent remedy, tiniulalmf
the Ij er into healthv nctivitr
For Bilious Iiisordcrs nnd l.lvcr Complaints, it U
an excellent remedy, producing mant truly re
markable cures, where other metiieiues had failed.
lrep.ired bv Int. J. O. Aykh A Co., Practical
nd Analctic.il t.hemitti, Lowell, Mis., and sold
all round the world.
rjilCE, Sl.OO PEU BOTTLE.
Carjitol Saloon,
JOHN G. HEIXZE, Vr
C'itifon Sfreet. IHrhmm
Keep constantly on hand a sit
the best of
A i E R F E E R
an 1 the finest brand of ClfiARS.
Also, Candies, Sardines, testers. Tips
feet, etc., etc. j;ih2-tf
Fritz Samse
M N U F A CT L" K K 11 AND DEALER IN
fiLlXTOX ST., HICK MAX, KY
OKDKUS WILL HEt. El VE rr.OMPT AT
tention. Kepairiug dune cn bhoitesi
notice.
U N L K 11 T A K R
Wooden and Metalic CuCds also kept od
band.
march 3
Ayer's Cathartic Pills,
For all
Medicine.
tho purposes of a Laxatava
Terhaps no one medi
cine is so universally re
quired bv everybody aa
a cathartic, nor was ever
any before so universal
ly adopted into use, in
cvervcountry andamonij
all classes, as this mild
but efficient purgative
1'iH. The obvious rea
son is. that it is a more re-
JrfC-J. 1 Vj, liable and larmore eneo-
.ry'P k tu .i I remedy than any
mhnr. Those wno nava
tried it, know that it cured thorn those who have
not, know that it cures their neighbors sua rnenu.8,
and all know that what it does once it does always
that it never foils through any fault orncffloi tof
its composition. Wo have thousands upon thou
sands of certiUcatcs of Uicir remarkable cures or tho
following complaints, but aueii cures oknown
every neighborhood, and we need not publish them.
Adapted to all apes and conditions in all climates
containing neither calomel or any deleterious dru,
they may be taken with safety by anybody, ineir
sugar roatinir preserves them ever fresh and makes
them pleasant to take, while boine purely vegetable
no harm can arije from their use in any quantity.
Thcv operate by their powerful Influence on tna
internal viscera to purify tho blood and stimulate it
into healthy action remove the obstructions ot tlie
rtomach, bowels, liver, and other orirs of tho
body, restoring their irregular action to switn, and
bv correcting, wherever they exist, sue ucraiigo
dients as are the llrst origin of disease.
Mtnnu llo-tlon re iclvsra to th wtsC'Tht on
th ox, r.r the following complain Wj 1 aicn Uieso
J'ill rapidly enre:
For IysfMUia or ladla-ratlotK, K.lstlHU
na, Lamnor and aM of Appetite, they
should be taken nKMlorately to stimulate the stom
ach and restore its healthy tone and action.
For I li fr Complaint and its various symp
toms, Kiltoua llrailacbe. Wick Ueadacbe,
Junilir or rrr SkLaeis, Itilivas
Colic and Itiliona lTen, tiiev shonld be ju
diciously taken for each case, to correct the diseased
action or remove the obstructions which cause it.
For ll.rirntrrr or Xisrrtiaes, but one mild
flose is n'nerally required.
For IthrnmatUm, llont, Oravel, PalH'
tatlon of the Heart, Iiain in tho l!d
Ilisck and Loin, they should be eontinnoual
taken, as required, to rhanee the diseased action tit
the system. With such change those complaints
disappear.
For- lsropay and IsrorMical Nwelllnir they
should bo taken in large and frequent doses W pro
duce the effect or a drastic punro.
For sapprrmloa a larfre dose should be taken
as It produces the desired effect bv sympathv.
As a THmier Put. take one or "two filUto pro
mote digestion and relieve the stomach.
An occasional doso stimulates the stomach an
bowels into healthy action, restores tho appetite,
and invigorates the system. Hence it is often ad
vantageous where no serinrts derangement exists.
One who feels tolerably well, often nnds that a dose
i ruu mases mm leei uecinediy better, rroiu
th rleansinir and reaovatinz ehM-t nn ,1.. liirt:s-
tiv
D.
apparatus.
J. C.A YJZR CO., Practical Chen'
Z,0 WELI.. MASS., V. S. A..
STRAYED.
TAKEN UP AS A STRAY by J. W.
LESTER, living fifteen miles "West ot
Hickman, on Island No. in Fulton County,
on the 2Hth day of August. 171. Oneb'.ck
mare mule, aged about sii years, haTin
t.wo white spots on her rump, aud branded
with something like R on the right shouldC'
freBhly trimmed, no eurls in the flanks, and
about fifteen hands high, but having no
other brands or rnars and which appraise
at the value of one I umlrcl firtv dol
lars. Witness my hand this 4th day of
j September, 1871. J. W. UW'S,
Spring Goods.
J MM
WESTERX KY. PIOXEER
Dry Goods Regulator!
HAS been In the buaihess for twenty
eijrht years in tins place, nnd announ
ces to the citizens of Wentern Kentucky aad
Tennessee that he will sell as low as the
lowest, the following merchandise:
Dry Goods,
Clothing,
ISOOTS AXD SHOES
HATS AXD CAPS,
II AUD WARE,
QUEENS W Alt K
Jaocori.es and ltirnitiirr.
His sUck conipris" a full assortment of
everj t liii g unually kept in uch eMablish
ments. J. W.LKam, Pnpritor. R H. McDowatf A C., Urufficts Jk
m. A Ou raaidct CeU., au4 M Cmnirr tirMt, T.
!1II.109 Itenr Tfniimoor to their
Woudrrfal (urnihe Ellcrts.
They r not a iie Kn nry I)r! nk, Mrt of Toor
Ritrn, U liialarv, Troof Spirits nod Uff-M
Liquors il- t'inM. sv:! ai:l swtwtrnvvl to pirn the
ta-'vi-.iilictl "Tonioi," 'AiMM'Uz.r." "iitHtorcni,"&c,
that rhd th tippler on to drunkormcM miJ ruiti.but are
.true MrlictiMii'He from tlio ftive Ittvt- and lltrli
of JaJiftrnia. free from nil A-ohoIlc Stimu
li, lit. Tt.rv arf the iiUKAT Itl.Or Pl ltl
FIInantl A I. IKK ;IV1N- 1 MI IM.K,
l-rfct lnivatr am! Iiivi.jr.tUr of tri SyM-in,
cai ryii'ic ll i'ttHin(umi?ut tr at"l rcsit'.r.nn iheMtxxl
to a tu-Aithy rmiition. No jMr?wn can tukv tticwo liit
ter acortln k tn tlim-tion ard re Train lor if unwell,
provitled their bone ar rut c.etr veil by mineral
po.m ur oi-her means, a:ui the rtti org;a:tri waat4
l-oi(1 tie p-tint o( repair.
TUrj Rrrn ii.ile ParsatUe an wrll nn m.
Tutrv p-m-w-irK. the jottiliar merit o( u.-tin(f
at a pjwerfr.l aent in relieving (Vripfrtion or In flam
Bast inn vt tbe I.iver, anl alt t!ie Viiri at Orana.
role FKHA1.E COM PLAINT?, inyouror
ol"', nirriet or itn;1'. at the J:wn uf wumanhd or at
Ue turn of t:fe. Utrna Tonic Bitui ha.c no equaJ.
For Inflnmmntorr ami hrouic Khenma
tlin nnd ;nt. Dynprpnia or I ml iff rat ion,
IWJftoua, Keniiitrut nucl lairrmiticnt Ff
rr. IMirnif of Cbr !tIooJf Mer, K ld
itnd llll-r. them) Hiiirrs hmrn liwn nwrt
aii.Traaf il urh IHneniir rp pwh1 ty 'rlatd
Jt I oH. wtii-Tt K-iiTalI prol uut 1'7 rtvratiK-'liint
uf tlie tartle Orgnn.
I 1 SPKI'? I A !C I N DICCSTION, IIe4
ahe. Fstn tn the J'houl. tern. Couch T'cli''e vT tha
IhM. l;izit.ii. .'our Frtittatiom of the Ptmacli,
Hail I'u'e in the Mouth, H'houn Atrscif. t'&lptiiattnn of
tn Hrart. I iiflaromstmu of the I.uriifs., Pam in the re
f lunfi of the Ki'lnerm. a buutjrl othor p&iiiful f in
tonia. nr the off prices of lv7;-Tia.
Tliev inT!tortc tttit tvmsrh an-i ntimulNte the torpid
Lter anj BoweU, which reufJt-r them of unaqusUtts
fWfiry in e1tiiiiiT the LUwxl of all impar'iii, ftn1 ira
partln new t,f ant vior to tha wbote i)i'.(tn.
FOIt SKIN IMF.AKS Eruptions, Tetter. BaJt
Rheum, Hhtchea, 8;-oU, H m pie, Puatulea, lkuia. Car
htincl-. Rinx-U rm. !rnl.i M-a-l. 8r Kt-jJ. Ervip
Iteri.iH'tirft. Uio!rtri!!ori tr the rtk ti. namonunj
):ttfft.-n (.f Th km. ff w.',tV'T natne or imturv. are
lltrrftl'. .iMjt up an.l rarrteti out tf th' yTm u, a tnrt
tun hf XUr uwul lhre iltttsra. U.e hftl in aucu
?a'V-w'ii fstiiriuca the ruutit liiorrUuioua of iheir cura
tlJ rtl ?c i a.
C:ansc the Vitiated FlooJ whrrfi-r rnn fiivl i? ixai
piiritira burntnir through the aaio to Pim.iies, Erup
tions or Sorm c!rne it wbtn tou diA It ntMtructeU
au-i luxibh in the vein clean e itwho it in Uul,
and your feelint will tell you when. Kep the h!od
pure, ati'l the ht-alih of tue Tnm will follow.
VI n. Tape, nnd otlirr Worma lurkinr In the
f?etem of o maiiy IhouwixJa, are efTertuaily Jestrovel
anfl rmoM, Sas a rt iitinruihed phvsiolneiat,
ti ere e scrceir art initTi!tisl unon th fare of fiie
e.rth wliov hvy fs pimpt frni the pr--enre of
wimi. ii i nut up ;i the hl!i 7 h-iniit of th
b.Mty that worn.- niM, hut tiifin th" is-i"'l htim-ra
ait'i slimy d.Mt. tl t t-t---i h' livtny nifiK'rTu wf
jia-. No rfV'in f MeJtrine, no TcmnfiufR, no
anitn-lmipi'f-a ill free the aysttui from wotu.i like
tur ititrt-rn.
J. WALKER. Pniprfetfir. R.n. Mi:I0ALD CO.,
trucartets and (iti. A rrrn fa. Pan P mnef sen. California,
aai 32 and 3t LViiimt-rce irr't. New York.
eV7SULD BY ALL UKLUGISTS AND DKALtRS.
junel
lv
W- Ii. IVlcCutclien
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL GROCER,
Hickman, Iy.
I am now receding a Leary stock of all
kinds uf
GROCERIES,
in anticipation of a large Fall trade. I
bay for entli, and will nell at Tery small
profits for r.A. I simply ask an exatnina
j tion of my (roods and prices. In the whole-
ale department 1 will promise to duplicate
ol. Ixxiis prices for same sire bills with
freights added.
W. L. JcCUTCIIEX,
8ept'2
Naslivillfi and North-western
Railroad
TWO DAILY PASSSN&SB TEAIN3.
Day Fasseneer Leaves Hickman at 7 F. M;
arrires at Hickman at 1 P. M.
Night Fassenger Leares Hickman at 4 45
.4. M.: and arrives at Hickman 10 15 P. M.
Close connections made at Union City
with the Mobile and Ohio road at McKen
lie with tno Memphis and Clarksville road,
and at Nashville with the Louisville aud the
Chattanooga roads.
For tickets apply at the Railroad office.
J. V. Thoms, Gen l Sup t X. X. W K. R.
.4. I). KING if AX, agent at Hickman.
apr30
LAXD FOR SALE.
THK farm of E J. Weaver, dee d., is now
offered for sale. Said farm contains 154
acres, about one-half cleared, and in a pood
state of cultivation, with two good dwel
lings and out buildings and has a fine young
orchard on it, over four hundred apple
trees. It lies on the PtatP road six miles
from nickruan and will be sold on reason
ableHernis Say one-third cash and the
balanca on one and two years time. Apply
to A. D. Kingman, or myself.
JOHN R. JfcGEIIEH. Ex'r.
inW29 f R. J. Wssvsr.
A'ii it fa 1 k mK
MP
DEALER Is
Paints, Oils and Bye Stuffs
NKJX OF Till: GOI.DEX JIOISTAK,
TITClCrVT. KENTUCKY
J. A. OVERTOX,
Forwarding aud
Transfer Agents
XASIIVJLLE AXD XORTIIWESTERX RAILROAD,
GENERAL CODtERCIAL AGENTS,
HAV1XO TWO GOOD wnARFROATS. ar.l n larg. TTarel.ouse. we are fully pre
ptred tr- meet the dcninnd of thopo intrn-tln j their niinf to us
behave the agency for the -ill knoivn K X A t H A .SALT COMPAXV and keen con
stantly on hand a large supply of salt, which we sell at lowest prices. We also keep
LIME, CEMENT, COTTON TIES, ROPE and BAILING,
.""T;r'7 f"r ",,,"mfr- i-iheraT advaner, made o Province in store for shipment
rv7l V." "''-V-;-' 7 Vnrk. Order, loruny kind of merchandii. pre
filiea, w htn jiccuiupiiuied by tlie cash.
drtjctG-isu:
And Dealer in
PAINTS, OILS, VARNISHES.
AND SEEDS,
Rrll.T7FR
CO.'S
Vagonand Flow Wcrks.
COMPLETE ESTABLISHMENT
roa
And the Manufacture of
HICKMAN, KIT.
TAKE pleasure in annnnncinj to tlieir
friends and patrons that, they are al
ways ou hand ami ready for business, and
will attend promptly to all orders for work.
They always have on baud the very best
and most substantial
WAGONS. PLOWS, ETC.,
which they will tell cn moderate terma'
i..-:.T.l-.-J-i:S
3
JOTIX C. STEELE.
JOHN C. GARDNER.
o our
romptly
HICKMAN FURKITURE
Clias. Oswald
Ilavii)p supplied his establishment icith
tat the improved wodem machinery ne
ccssary to the manufacturing of Eurni
tvre, and availed himself of the advan
tage of
STSiilVI POWER.
lis now prepared to cow pete with any
t urmture Market tn the West. He it
note prepared to fill any order on short
notice.
EXCLUSIVELY WHOLESALE
He can also furnixh
Of every description to manufacturers
and dealers in Furniture. Theordrsof
MERCHANTS and CADIXET MA
KERS, elicited.
Zi SA fr Prins Li.
1871
NEY GOODS NEW GOODS I
JUST RECEIVED BT
MILLET ROULHAC,
Latest Styles
LADIES, DRESS GOODS,
DRESS TRIMMIXGS,
R1BDOXS, GIMPS, FRIXGLS,
Latest Styles,
Labiet1, Miict and Cliildrcn't
FIXE DSESS HA T3,
Latest Styles
LA DIES DRESS SHOES,
POLISH GAITERS, Ete.
KID GLOVES, HOSIERY, HANDKC'HF1
And a full and complete stock of
STAPLE AND FANCY
DRY GOODS!
XEW STT.E OF
CLOTHING,
HATS and BOOTS,
all of which have been purchased sioce ths
late decline in zoods. which wa oiler ts eur
friends and customer at
GREATLT REDUCED PRICES.
ALSO:
GALL A TIX COTTOX YARXS,
and a full and complete lite of
5 y JxV J3. IU
PL'RE LIQUOR, FLOUR, Lime and Cement
Hardware, Qneensware, Saddlery,
Wooden are, i,
FOR SLE A T LO WEST RA TES.
H. C BAILEY
InLF.R IN
and general
Produce Zriercliaiif,
WH O L ESA L E A XD R E TA IL
O X K E X TUCK Y S TREE T.
Hiel vm.aii, ICy.
P. H. JOBS,
EALER IN C0J.1ON AND FA NOT
D
r i: u i t i; it e
Kksttckt Srp.Ki.r, Hkkkas, Kr.
Job work and repairing done to order oa
shortest nut ice.
r x i r. n t a k r. u la t
Keeps rontuiit1y liand a large iuppl"
of Wo'i leu aud MtuuicColiiUS.
julyli ly.
FZ.ZL7TBILS IIOTEI,,
CLIXTOX STREET,
HICKMAN, KENTUCKY.
SITUATE!) irrTTIIN A FE IF MINUTES
walk of the Steamboat Landing and Rail
Loud Iepot. it atl.ir.l every fac.iity t
tboe trnvellitiir, eitlier by River or Rail.
(aVEvery attentinn will be (.aid togueitf,
at very reasunable rates.
C"Watclinien kept and Cuceti call j at
any hour of the nifrbt.
LtlDERUilX CO.,
aprl6 3m FROPRI ET0R3.
JOHN WITTING
Cr Jack ion and Cumberland Si.,
DFAira i
STAFi.F ANr FANCY OHOrERIES.
LIQUORS, TOBACCO, CIGARS, ete.
ALWAYS cn hsnd the brt brands of St.
Lotiii" Flour, at th lo-ret rate.
Ztif Couutry produce taken for good
Stem Carding Factory.
MR. JOHN S. SHFrHF.RD, near Jordan
Station, in this county, is now run
ning his Cardin? Knetcry by steam. Cms
tomers wil' be accommodate 1 nipht. or day
Special and prompt attention paid to ihoi'
from a distance. The work of this Factory
i giving the highest satisfaction.
julyl.V tf
Cnar.LE5 A. DAXA. Editor.
She gcltor iVrhtij xxn.
A NrwpiKrf the Preseat Time.
Intended far People Nw tartli.
Inelnrtiiig Fsnneis. teehanle. MorrhsnU, Fro
(Mlonal Men. Woiker. Tutnkcrs, suit 1 Kn
aer of Honnot Fo'.ki. sad tlie Wiv-, Sous, axs
Dsochtar of all t oca.
ONLT ONE DOLUR A YEA It f
OV II I'.NDU LI t'Oi'l L.S i'OU t&O.
Or Ism than One C'nt a CotT- It thers a
950 Ciuti mi cv.irr 1'utt office.
SEMI-WEEK LV SUN, A TEA It.
of the snme stza sad general character as
TUK WEEKIV, bat witU a rreatrr varlctr of
iDiMHaaeoiu reailini;, aid farnbliln; the
to It ansnrlbeiS with rrsater fraf.iarm. bMin,
Iteoiues twice wecklasteau of one only.
TIIE DAILY SI'S, SQ A YEAR.
A prf 'nlncnttv res4jM newnpaper. wita th
llrfii circi Ll:n in ibe Kri-c. lot.
peident, acd rrarlm in pomica. A 1 ttin naw,
from everywhere. I W' cent a copy bf mill,
AO Mill a uuulli.or $6 year.
TERMS TO CLUB 3.
THE DOLLAR WEEKLY HCJf.
T!ve copies. One ver, seosrstetv mlrlrri1.
Foa r llallara.
Tea ronie. one venr. enratelr ad'lrscd (i.4
aa extra ci' to tlie getter ua nf rln
Una! Dollars.
Twenv eonlrn. one yiwir. -p ir(l- m1i;wa
(a id aa extra copy to luf toftrr up of c rftt.
Kiilota ra tiara.
FKlf eotit". one vear, to one atdre tand u
bemi. tveckiy one yen- t cn-r n t it' elitj.
Thin y-CMre Jtaliara.
Flftvconte. ona Tear, -epn hi t a idreon tan
tua Sv'ini WeKiyoueyc.i i o i-rt'-r n o- riM,
Tktrtr-Sr lllar.
One Btinilred aonta, one vear. ti adirea
cini Ilia tiaily for ooa yaar to th f ixer m of
lo. Klltr Oollara,
One nniircd e-fHr. one r.-sr. e;ratly a1
dreet iaaJ tha bally lor one rear to n.- val'er
of club;.
r-lmiT Ualiara.
TIIE HE MI. WEEKLY KtX.
Five roplca, one year, crmtcl- n-ln-.
E:irht Illiar.
Tea eonlea, one ver fenaralev aanraurl (ui
MAteen Dal lair.
KEXD YOCU y.OXET
JnTnt ffflcj orde-. rh.ks. or d'ai ea rv
i ork, vturnnr mteni"iii If not lurgr Iimt
BeieUri ooutalbius luoney. aadreat
J- TT.'tSRl.AVti,
iun irtrieis Na tit W':