THE JOURr.iL.
FREMONT SANDUSKY CO., OHIO.
FRIDAY, October 22 1871.
Town axd Coot Hatters.
Readables.
Clyd la to hve hone foir..
Kovcs majority in Wood Bounty i 7'i.
FiJiin down the Sandusky good
ThU is a good teato for tilings to happen in.
A tank b ben diucu m a-erryoDurg,
The Tost offre t Be!lvu has been rwnod-
A destructive tire raged near Xapcleoo last
week
Sparking should net be allowed during tba
dry louon.
Our street were never in a good condition
u at preeent.
J. Frost, Eq., has not uccoedeu in catching
H the ague.
The earth was treated to just a tip of water
U Saturday.
An excellent job of plastering is being done
rre new church.
-ftmgor ol the Napoleon Signal has been
wrestling with the ague.
"Dirty faced urchin admonish u that the
nutting eason i at it hight
vJChe Slelhodist Episcopal Church at Kaweon
jras dedicated on Sunday last.
J. H, Sherwood has purchnsed a half inter
ait in the Wauseon Rep'Mican.
Badolph Boose a well known citiisen of Li
ma died on Saturday of last week.
"Kev. Newton, of Norwalk, will preach in the
Trasbvterian Church, next Sabbath.
Quite a large number of our citizens have
Tinted Chicago during the past weelc
""Considerable damage has been done by fires
in the Woods in the vicinity of Bryan.
Frank Ball had a fiuger nearly torn oil, at a
rausiujr in Fiat Rock a few days since.
Mr. George lloach has returned to Bellevue
from his mining operations in Nevada.
It tried to rain on Tuesday ,but was too much
out of practice to make a success of it.
CoL Horace Alpin, of Sandusky City, died
on the 9th from iuflamation of the lungs.
Upvel Blinn, an old resident of Perry6bup,
iiii at his residence in that place, on the 10th
iEsti
"Haemon Young, of Bryau, aged 53 years,
dM suddenly of apoplexy, at that place on
thrilth.
The official TOte of the county, at the recent
election, will be found on the fourth page of
this paper.
"The office of the County Treasurer is now
open to receive taxes, and tax-payers will now
receive attention.
Ie dwelling of Daniel Mooro, five miles
from -Elmore, was destroyed by fire on the
night of the 10th.
The Ottawa County Netcs, of last week, was
embellished with some cuts which were mora
forcible than eloquent
Stark, Medina and Holme counties were
Wrkened by a dense smoke last week, and
considerable alarm was felt.
Eev. Sherrard, of Bueyrus, brother of D. C.
Sherrard of this place, preached at the Pres
byterian church last Sabbath.
Court convened on Monday, but adjourned
for two weeks, as the court room will not be
ready Jor use before that time.
A double runaway was caused in Napoleon
the pther day, by a team being hitched to the
wheels of a wagon on the street.
W. J. SufEem, of Chicago has been holding
a Musical Convention at Wauseon this week.
It closes with a conce.-t to-night
Do not omit to do some good because yon
may wish to do a greater. II yon wait for the
Utter you may never do any good.
In another place will be found an interesting
letter from Mr. C. M. Dillon, of this city, who
is sojourning in the west for his health.
Near Republic, last week, Robert Fleming
had his wrist badly lacerated against a circuit r
saw, while he was oiling the machinery.
A spaa of horses, and a three spring wagon,
belonging to Horace B. SUliman, of Plymouth
were stolen on the evening of the 4th inst.
The new railroad, which is to pass through
Medina, is all graded between that point and
Graftoa. The iron is laid to Grafton Center.
In Hancock county they voted on the ques
tion of afcsoamiig a tax for monumental pur
poses, but it was defeated by a vote of 3103 to
7S4.
A horse and buggy belonging to George
Lawrence, of Norwalk, was stolen from the
street) in that place on Saturday evening of
last week.
Rev. E. Bushnell, D. D., of this city, goes to
Tiffin next Sabbath, to preach the sermon at
the dedication of the new Presbyterian church
at that place.
The Japs drew a crowded house, on Tues
day evening, and their performances gave en
tire satisfaction. Many of their feats are tru
ly wonderful.
The house of George McGee, at Norwalk,
took fire on Sunday morning of last week,
hut was promptly extinguished, but little
damage being done.
The people of Fulton county wero obliged
to fight fire, last week, from day to day, to
prevent it from spreading. Many building
and much valuable timber had been burned.
John Decker, of Melmore, fell from an ap
ple tree to the ground, a distance of twenty
feet on the lOlh breaking one arm at the el
bow, and dislocating the other arm at the
wrist
The Delaware Gazette one of the oldest and
beet weeklies in the state, donned anew dress
recently, and now presents a clean, bright appearance-
It is well-earned evidence of pros
perity. The North American, of Hartford, the Se
curity, of New Tork; and the Lorillard and
Excelsior of same ;.lace, have suspended.
These are the days that "try the souls" of in
surance companies.
We intended to give the J apanese speeches
in lull, bat have not shace this week. Be
sides, .wo find we will have to get a pencil
made wiih a revolving point, in order to make
an intelligible report
In German township, Fulton county, $500
is spent for educational, 3400 for religious and
$21,000 for drinking purposes. The drinking
purpose is drinking lager, and it appears to be
industriously followed.
It is good plan to clear away limbs of trees, I
that have broken dowe across side walks.
Peoples heads if not their lives may be endan
gered by permitting them to remain till they
fall of their own accord.
At the Wood County fair, two young ladies
were thrown from a buggy, and one of them
had aa arm broken iu two places and was
otherwise o badly injured that it was not ex
pected she would recover.
Last Saturday night and Sunday were very
windv, and many apprehensions were felt as
to the result in case a lire should break out
Let every one be governed by the one word
ctuiion while the dry weather continues.
The Bucrrus Forum ha commenced the
publication of a semi-weekly prujer, the first
umber of whioh has come to hand. J n-Jging
from the amount of advertising it contains,
we should think it wonld prove a success.
The Democracy polled -within twenty votes
of what they did two years ago, while the Re
publican vote was 153 short of what it was
in 1808. With a full Republican vote our can
didate for Sheriff would have been elected.
Findla y did a very sensible thing last week,
in relation to the Chicago fire. The Council,
by request of the citizens, made provisions for
maintaining ten families of the sufferers, and
a committee was eent forward to obtain them
A large pile of wood on the Lake Shore and
Michigan Southern road, about 17 miles this
side of Cleveland, was destroyed by fire on
Friday afternoon. Trains could not pass the
fire and were compelled to await the destruc
tion of the wood.
Two men were recently arrested at Indian
apolis who were suspected of having been en
gaged in the attempt to rob the Fulton county
Treasury, some time since. Oue of them was
shot ind remains in jail at Indianapolis, the
other is now in jail at Wauseon.
A man named Frank Shurbou, employed by
Bowes Horvell of Toledo, dealer in hides o
a a traveling purchasing agent, was arrested,
at Plymouth, on Monday last, on a charge cf
embezzlement He was taken to Toledo, but
the suit was subsequently withdrawn.
On Friday last, a Luly passed through our
city having in charge a little boy which sle
was takin to its grand parents, near Kansas
Station-
Its father and motbor had both been
r j .k- fhitvatm Th
Btrnwi up
woman herself had been among the sufferers,
having lt eon-iu-law by the Are,
to
he
of
to
is
is
i
1
A man who gave his name as Smith, and
said he was from York Station, was arrested
at Sandusky City during the fair at that place,
Ee had been annoying the good people or
Milan, who bad several times tried to arrest
him, cut failed. Seeing him at Sandusky,
they tried it again, and succeeded iu having
the scamp secured.
Drivers all appeared near sighted on Satur
day, as nearly every one that passed np Front
street ran into some wagon either upsetting
it or nearly so. One ignoramus ran into
farm wagon turned it over and then didn't
know enough to wait until it was righted again,
but drove on looking as if he was the most
innocent person alive.
Several expert fishermen, a few day since,
went out to troll, but instead of trolling their
hooks along the bottom, upset the boat and
tried it themselves. A there are a number in
this vicinity who have had a like experience,
they are not without sympathizes. A cold
walk of a mile, in damp garments, cooled their
ardor for the time being, and they concluded
they had had enough for one day.
A stranger in our city, who recently walked
about our streets, and beheld the numerous
city pets which were congregated upon them
is sail to have grown eloquent, and ex
claimed with rapture:
Ob, the hogs, the beautiful hogs.
Wallowing in the gutters and bogs;
Running the streets with a squeal and a grunt,
Rooting up grass and rooting up stumps,
Rooting up walks and rooting round pumps,
Rooting and rooting a living to hunt.
Happy the city with jewels like these,
Plenty of filth and abundance of Seas.
He was noticed, after that, to gaze carefully
at the different specimens which the different
groups contained, and after a while mar.
mured, ce if satisfied with his inspection:
The long-bodied hog with a snout like a rail,
The short-bodied hog with a cork-screw tail,
Are pets of the people and must run at large.
The hog that is spotted, the hog that is black,
The rough-looking hog with no hair on its back,
Are fed on the streeU as a public charge.
Oh, happy the public thrice happy are they
Whose hogs feed at large till ready to slay
Premiums. Those who were awarded
premiums at the late County Fair will receive
taeir awards by calling on the Treasure r, L
AL Heeler, at his office, on and after the 23d
inst.
Personal. Mr. A. H. Balsley and wife
left on Wednesday evening for an eastern
tour. They have the best wishes of all con
nected with the office. A marrige notice in
another column will full explain the above.
List of Letters. Remaining in the Fre
mont P- O., uncalled for October 10th 1871.
H. H. Bowman. August Brunner, Mrs. Lucy
Cook, F. Fisher, John Uillmus, H. B. Grove,
Jacob Hill, Jacob King. J. Sunn, MisB Aman
da Motison, Geo. W. Monk, Wm. Smith, F.
Storrs.
Loan and Building Association.
Owing to the absence of the President and
Vice President at the regular meeting of the
Fremont Saving and Building Loan Associa
tion lost Saturday evening, the members pres
ent adjourned to meet at the office of the Sec
retary this (Friday) evening, at which time
and place the Finance and Loan Committee
and Directors meet. Members wishing to bid
for loans should be present
Run Over. On Saturday afternoon last a
son of Samuel Waggoner, who resides on the
.pike about five miles west of this city, had his
leg badly smashed at the knee, by a wagon
wheel passing over it An elder brother was
driving a wagon, with which he was hauling a
log, and the young one was sitting upon the
log. Suddenly the horses became frightened
aad sprang to one side throwing the lad from
his seat and one of the wheels of the wagon
struck his leg, back of the knee, cutting it bad
ly and somewhat fracturing the bone. Drs.
Rice and Gessner attended the sufferer.
Man Killed. At Sandusky, on Friday of
hut week, a German named Charles Geng was
killed by a negro named Frank Gardner.
Gardner was a gamester, and was playing a
game which Geng tried to learn, and refused
pay for his folly. A difficulty arose between
them. Gardner picked up a stone and hit
Geng on the head, and a brother- in-law oi
Gardner's threw a stone which struck Geng in
the breast Geng was so badly injured that
died soon after, and Gardner was arrested.
The Coroner's inquest resulted in the jury
finding a verdict that "deceased came to his
death by being hit upon the left side of the
head with a stone thrown from the hand of
said Gardner." Gardner was remanded to
prison.
WARD AND BUTMAN'S FIRE INSURANCE
AGENCY.
The -Etna Fire Insurance Company of Hart
ford, Connecticut, will pay her Chicago Iosbis
and retain her position as the strongest Amer
ican Fire Insurance Company.
The old North America Fire Insurance Com
pany of Philadelphia, the oldest Stock Com
pany in America, will have, after paying her
Chicago losses, assets of two million and seven
hundred thousand dollars.
The iron clad old Hartford never surreuders.
Tested by the storms of sixty-one years and
still is sound. Pays from her surplus one
million and eight hundred thousand dollars,
her losses by the great Chicago fire, leaving
her magni Scent capital of one million dollars
untouched, and a quarter million surplus to
spare.
The Continental Fire Insurance Company
New York, will have, after paying Chicago
losses, capital and surplus of one million and
nine hundred thousand dollars.
About Premiums. That it is impossible
pleasd everybody, is never more thoroughly
realized than at County Fairs. Dissatisfaction
sure to break out somewhere. Some one is
certain to be wronged by incompetent judges.
The great object of an agricultural exhibition
to show what the natural resources of the
county are, and what Bkill, good management,
&C-, is able to produce. To encourage prqdu-,
oers to study out and apply the best methods,
and to put the fruits of their labors on exhibi
tion, premiums are offered to be awarded by
judges selected by the society. The labors of
these committees are arduous and perplexing.
Each exhibitor thinks his own the best,
and it often u the case that a number
articles competing for the same pre
mium, are of nearly equal merit then it be
comes dificult and unpleasant duty for the
committee to decide where the premium shall
But mauy times, wnatover may be the decision
of the committee, some oue or more are dis
satisfied, angry at the society and at enmity
with maukiud generally. If exhibitors are
not satisfied with the committee, iu any de
partment, they should not compete for the
premium, but after they have essentially ox
pressed their confidence in the committee, by
entering their articles they should be wiliiug
to abide by the decision without complaints.
All cannot have premiums, and only those who
are unreasonable and selfish, will create dis
turbance or allow their jealousy to hav e loose
rein, if they do not receive what the judges
decide belongs to some one else.
NEIGHBORHOOD NEWS.
Yah WtBl, Co., O. Mr. Wm. Jacobs and
father of Van Wert, met with a runaway acci
dent one day last week, and were both con
siderably injured. Mr. Noah Frisinger, of
Mercer county, was killed by a runaway team
near Van Wert, one day last week. On
Friday of last week, tho wood shed at Middle
Point, on the P. Ft W. C. Railroad, was
fired by sparks from the locomotive, and en
tirety burned, together with about 300
cords of wood. Through different portions of
the county fires were raging until the the rain
of Tuesday of last week, checked their pro
gress. On Sunday it was feared that the town
of Van Wert was in danger, and every one was
called out to fight fire. On Friday a dwelling
house caught fire, and before the flames could
be extinguished, a considerable portion of the
building was consumed. On Sunday a large
frame building belonging to McGavren
Webster took fire, but the flames were speed
ily extinguished, and but little damage was
doue.
HiBuix Co., O. A young man at Kenton,
named Sweeny, had his leg crushed and
was otherwise severely injured by jumping
from a train while in motion, one day last
week. On Friday evening of last week, the
jewelry store of J. Kilpatrick, was entered by
i 1- niiiiTihtv of poods stolen. I he
uurgi3,w.-1
v--,!. were afterwards arrested and held for
uu
I triaL One of the horse thieve that abound
in this oounty, stole a horse from a man named
j Clark, hut by mistaking the road fell into the
j hands of pursuers, snd was placed under arrest
J Richland Co., 0. John Shank, living near
MansSold. was severely injured bv tha kick
a horse, on Friday of last week. Mr. 3. C.
Dav, a wealthy farmer living three miles from
Mansfield, had about a hundred dollars in
money and a large amount in notes, stolen by
a hired man, during the absence of the fami-
lv. one day last week. 1 The thief was causht
before he could get to the cars, and lodged in
jail. The residence of Judge Geddes, at
Mansfield, was entered and a quantity of silver
ware taken, one day lost week. The burglars
were arrested at Mt. Vernon, shortly after.
Israol McCoy, of Lexington township,
tried to commit suicide by banging, one day
last week, but was discovered before the deed
was fully committed. A boy named Oliver
Pierce Grubbe, Jiving in Washiugton town
ship, committed suicide by banging himself to
a ladder, on Friday of last week.
Sekeca Co., O. The Tiffin Woolen Mills
took four first premiums, at the great Indus
trial Exposition, in St. Louis. An attempt
was made to burglarise the house of Mr. John
Kaul at TifUu, last week, but their bungling
work aroused the servants, and they were
freightened away. The now Presbyterian
Church at Tiffin, is to be dedicated next Sab
bath. The dedicatory sermon is to be preach
ed by Rev. Bushnell, D. D., of Fremont.
The Lodge of Good Templars, at Tiffin, gave
125 for the relief of Chicago. Some scamps
entered the-stabies of the Commercial House,
at Tiffin, one night last week, and stole a lot
of bridles, &o. They were detected and made
secure.
Suxmit Co. O. The total receipts of the
Summit County Fair, this year, amounted to
over four thousand and five hundered dollars.
Mr. J. W- TJpsou has returned to Tallmadge,
from California. A farmer named Willi
amson, living nenr Akron, committed suicide
by hanging himself, fin Friday of last week.
He was known as an honest, industrious man,
sad only care of an acute type could have
led him to do the terrible deed. Wadsworth
now boasts of Bpirit pictures.on window panes.
Wood, Co., O. A log house and barn, be
longing to Wlliam Martin, near Bowling
Green, were destroyed by fire, one day las t
week. Joshua Yeaman,one of the old citizen,
of the county, died recently at his residence in
Bloom township. A man in Freedom town
ship, was recently confidenced to the tune of
seventy-five dollars. Mrs. A. R. Patterson
of Bowling Green, recently had about $35
stolen from the pocket in her dress, which was
hinging up in the house. It is suspected that
the petty thief belongs in the neighborhood.
The store of Gilbert Beach, at Perrysburg
was broken into, on Tuesday night of last
week, and a considerable quantity of goods
taken. He was surprised by the appearance
of the Marshal, just as he leaving the
store, and dropjed his bo j aud ran. J. M.
Hord, Esq., removes soon to Elyria, where he
intends to locate. He has formed a partner
ship Will his brother, J. K. Hord, Esq., of
Clevelaud, for the practice of law. An ox
team belonging to Mr. Shanks, of Center
township, was killed by a falling tree, on the
7th inst
of
I
CALIFORNIA LETTER.
CALISTOGA, Oct. 2d,1871.
Ediiob Journal: Although stopping at
this "Saratoga of the Pacific," (so called by
some fond admirer,) I shall not at present de
scribe its beauties, but will give you my im
pressions of
LOS AXGEL03.
This city is iu Southorn California, distant
from San Franciseo four hundred miles, and is
reached either by steamer or stage. I took
the former, and she arrived at her anchorage
the Bay of Sin Pedro early in the morning.
After getting our breakfast we were transfer
red to a little steamer which conveyed us to
Wilmington, a town of a few houses a V. S
fort, at which are stationed a few soldiers, and
after waiting two hours, we took the cars. A
dusty ride of twenty-two miles, over a dry but
fertile plain, which is lately rendered produc
tive by artesian wells, and is being rapi.lly set
tled up, brings us to the city of The Angel.
We are soon comfortably disposed of at the
Pico House, which is a fair hotel, built by
Don Pico, who was the last governor under the
Mexican rule, and though he is seventy years
old, is said to be the gayest gallant in the city.
This is one of the oldest places in the State,
and is, and has always been a good point for
business. All branches of trade are well rep
resented. This is tha great distributing point
for the southern part of the State and Arizona.
The freighting is done by teams and gives em
ployment to a great many wagons and men.
One of the sights that interested me most, was
watching their great wagons, drawn by twelve
horses, with goods piled on as long as they
would iay and a barrel of whisky lashed on to
each side, as they passed through town on
their way to tha mines. In this vicinity are
Gold, Silver, Lead and Tin mines, all of which
are being worked. They afford considerable
revenue to this place, as all their productions
pass this way to go to San Francisco. They
manufacture large quantities of wino and
brandy, and olive oil to some extent Their
liquors do not stand very high, in the market
yet, but they claim that no proper effort has
been made to introduce them, and that when
they are once thoroughly advertised and
known they will replace the French wines.
They are willing to convince any one of their
superiority, and one of the treats expected by
an eastern tourist, is the pleasure he will have
sampling the wine in some of the large cel
lars that abound here. Temperance for the
time is at a discount Even ministers have been
known to enjoy a short period of sampling.
Some very exemplary people are said to have
got quite boozy in trying to decide which was
the choicest brands. One complaint of their
wines is the quantity ot alcohol they contain.
it
for
a
HISTORIC GROUND.
It was here that the fate of California was
decided. Fremont captured tho bights which
command the town and soon caused them to
surrender. Tho trenches dug by his troops are
a perfect state of preservation.
a
be
PROGRESS.
Three years ago looking at this city from
one of the hills that shadow it, would have
shown, low, flat adobe houses which are about
ugly as need bo, and irregular streets well
littered with rubbish. Now they have quite a
number of fine business blocks, several costly
residences with handsome grounds attached,
churches (very inferior,) school houses (on a
par with the churches,) two colleges, under the
control of tho Catholics, and one of them
French, two good hotels, gas works, water
works, au ice manufactory, a public square
with a fountain playing in it, an agricultural
park and a railroad.
of
of
THE POPULATION.
numbers some ten thousand, and is of all na
tionalities. The native Califoruiaus or Mexi
cans from the largest class. They don't seem
to, be but little attached to the country since
they lost control of it, and like the Indian they
seemed to be "pushed to the wall" and are de
creasing every day. A great many die from
Lung Fever said to be caused by their inveter
ate smoking of cigarettes. When they owned
all the land and stock, they were the best of
customers and the pioneer merchants all made
fortunes out of them. Very few of them havo
any thing left and most of them are poor and
miserable. Ignorance is one of their charac
teristics. To know how to read and write is
thought to be educated. It is only of late
years that any floors or doors were in their
houses. The use of spoons and knives and
forks was not known till introduced by the
Yankees. They don't like to work, and many
live on water melon in summer and corn in
winter, rather than to do anything, The Jews
have almost the entire control of business, own
large share of the property, are the bankers
and in some cases are extensively engaged in
raising stock and sheep. Most of the people
from the States are persons seeking health.
They seem to be the c' ief managers of the
politics and man&go to fill most of the offices.
Like carpet baggers generally they are some
what corrupt, but in this caso it is Pcmocratic,
John Chinanieu is also on hand heie, bus; at
work, absorbing money, but spending none.
or
it
THE GARDEN SPOT
of Southern California is certainly hire. The
mildness of the climate, the richness of the si.il
and the abundance of water furnished by the
Los Angelos River, all combine o render its
productions most remarkable. K.- where do
they get more wheat and barley to the acre,
In corn they beat the world, Tiey have corn
stalks twenty to twenty-five feet high on
which are ear to match. Pears as large as a
man' head. Grapes in bunches woighing sev
eral pounds. Melons, pumpkins and beets, so
1.rm ihitin tri-rA their riza would sound fab-
ulcus. Flowers bloom all the year, snd straw-
j berries might be had every month, was any
one ambitious enough to raise them. Apple.-,
peaches, plums, and apricots do very well, yet
the nrat is better to look at than to eat, and
rots almost as soon as it leaves the tree. But
it is their beautiful orange groves, containing
thousands of trees, and some of them yielding
an annual net prof t of twenty to thirty thous
and dollers, their immense vineyards, some of
which inBide the oity limits contain two mill
ion vines, their orchards of walnut and olive
trees, and the fig and the almond, that renders
them enthusiastic and elicits the praino and ad
miration of the visitors.
HOW TO GET RICH.
The following is what they say: Tthat any
one who will ooine here, buy a small piece of
land which can be got at $20 an acre, with
plenty of water to irigate it, and plant it with
Orange Walnut (it is tho English Walnut,)
or Almond trees, and wait for ten years, they
will then have an independant income, and
what can be sold for a large sum of money
If this don't suit, let them buy a few hogs and
go to raising pork. Hogs fatten as fast again
as in Ohio, and increase double as fast The
price of bacon never gets below $20 00 por
hundred, (gold). The miners and people of
Arizona get their supply from here. If not
satisfied with this, and wuutiug to lead a lazy
life, they can go to raising sheep. Three t'n-
crcates of sheep can be had every two years,
and the loss in every way, will not exceed five
percent of the sheep born. Wool at 12 l-2c
per lb will pay all expenses of herders, feed
for sheep, cost of living and a moderate inter
est on the money. This leaves the increase as
profit This was told me by a man who said
that sheep had been his life study. Although
the chances are so good for making money,
there is no place where so many ruined men
are to be met But they (all are cheerful,
laugh and in fact are delighted to give a his
tory of their ups and downs and are confident
that fortune will again favor them. With all
these inviting prospects, I still1 think that
there is no better place than Ohio.
C. M. DILLON.
Mr. J. R. Pease is paying the highest
market prioe, in cash, for potatoes, at his gro
cery store, on Front street. 42-tf
Yotingman is now on hand with an im
mense stock of clothing, for men and boys,
which should be examined before you make
your purchases. 42-tf
Dryfoos Bro. This firm have been as
sociated with the business of our city for so
long a time, that their name has gone out
among all the people, and their fame as cloth
ing merchants has spread in all the regions
round about We notice that every year their
stock is increased. This is owing to the fac
that every year their trade increases, patrons
multiply, and in order to keep paco they are
obliged to increase their assortment and stock.
This year they have already received fall and
winter goods, in immense quantities, and on
their counters and shelves may be seen huge
piles cf suits, for men and boys, over coats,
cloths and cassimers of every price and kind.
They have also a large stock of gents furnish
goods, at low prices. They simply wish to
remind their customers that they are now
ready to supply all demands for fall and win
ter goods. 42-tf
Yomigmnn has suits for fall and winter
wear, at extromly low prices. 42-tf
Hats and
caps,
for men aud boys, at
42-tf
Youngman's.
If you want an overcoat, go to Yungman's,
next door to McCulloch's. 42-tf
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Wm. A. Rice Bros.' agents for M. M. F.
Demorost's Popular Pattern House of New
York, are now prepared to furnish to their
customers and the trade generally. Mrs. De
mores ts Patterns of every description, guaran
teed to suit. Ladies wishing patterns will find
to their interest to buy their patterns from
A. Rice Bros'. Ladies patterns of every
description. Gentlemen's Patterns, Come
and look at our Pattern Book, on the counter
the inspection of everybody. N
WM. A. RICE BRO'S.
Sozodont.
This word which has been stalling every
body in the face for the past few years, and. is
now getting into nearly everybody's mouth, is
preparation for cleansing, beautifying and
preserving the teeth, sweetening the breath,
and arresting the progress of decay.
Spalding's Glue, up to the sticking point
I shall ever consider Simmons' Liver Reg
ulator as the preserver of the life of my little
son, who is now in blooming health.
Mbs. ELLEN MEACHAM.
Chattahoochee, Fla.
The Weed Sewing Machine Company have
appointed B. W. Stevens, of Clyde, as their
agent for Sandusky County. All communi
cations addressed to him will be promptly at
tended to. 41-44
Here they are! A full car load of the
famous Domestic Sewing Machines at Lepper-
niau's. Dont buy until you e.
Go and see the splendid stock of Watches,
Chains Jewelry at Leppermans.
Apples wanted. E. H. Underbill will
pay the nignst market price tor apples.
3,000 bushels wanted immediately at his build
ing, east end of the bridge. 37-tf
Shomo Co., have just received 500
coses of the celebrated Buffalo Kip and Call
Boots every pair warranted or no pay. 33tf.
Buffalo Boots. We have not got one
thousand cases of Buffalo Boots. But we have
enough to supply every man and boy with
pair in Saudusky and adjoining counties.
They are at near water proof at any Boot can
made out of leather. They are all warran
ted to give satisfaction in every particular, or
money refunded. Mess Altaffeb.
Edwin C. Burt's Premium Work.
Meng Al taller have the exclusive sale of
Edwin C. Burt's Work in Fremont They
have them for Ladies, Misses aud Children, in
French Kid, Curacoa Kid, fine Pebbled Goat
and Serge. Do not alloto yourself to be im-
poscdupon by other dealers, who claim they
are selliny Hurt's Work, as thoy have not got
them. Burt stamps his brand on the bottom
every pair.
Fall Styles of Hats and Caps
Meng Altaffer have just received a full hue
Fall Scy.es of Hits aul Cups for Men
Bovs and Children. Silk Hats, Fur Hats,
Wool Hats, all kinds of Hats, are seling at
bottom cosh prices. When you want a Hat
Cup go to Meug Altaffer for it.
Meng Altaffer keep the largest and
best selected stock of Boots and Shoes, Huts
and Cip3 ever kept in Fremont; as you will
by taking a look through their store. Their
motto is to not be undersold by any house in
the county. Try them and see for yourself.
10,000 Bushels Potatoes Wanted.
By li H. Uudcrhill, for which the highest
market price will be paid. Enquire at his
building, East cud of the bridge. 37-tf
The fall styles of Hats and Caps at Sbo-
inos' Co., for men boys and children low for
cash. 33-lf.
Meng Altaffer manufacture to order,
from best French Stock, at reasonable prices
and guarantee to fit you. Their Store is on
Corner of Front and Croghan Street, Tylers
Block, Fremont, O. 18tf
Houses and Lots for Sale, in Fremont,
Ohio. Terms easy, payments little more than
costs to rent. Few persons in a lifetime,
meet an offer so liberal, to procure houses
withaut any risk or loss. For sale by
22 ;f Dn. E. Dillon.
Sozodont. Married.
In Fremont, on Wednesday, 18th inst, at
the residence of the bride, by Rev. E. Bush
nell, Mr. Alfred H. Balslet, and Mits
Lucr V. Wk kham. No cards.
Oct. 12th, 1871, by Rev. H. Lane, Mr.
Chables J. Sunn and Miss Maky J. Nolf,
both of Fremont.
By the same, Oct. 17th. 1871, Mr. Thomas
Thrives and Miss Mida Dawlet, both of
Ballville.
LOCAL NOTICES.
Dorr A Sen have just opened a full line of
CT. T. K. Floe 6ho.- fur ladies, misses and chil
dren, manufactured expressly for the fall trade.
They are theb"t in mirketm!fn th latevt style.
The Beat ButlHlo French Kip and Cult
Hoots arc sold by P. Doit Bon.
Ladies will find a full line of Bhoes and Gait
ers at Dorr ft Son's.
Watches, Clocks and Jewelry re
paired; allkinds of Engraving nea ly execut
ed. Jewelry made to order, by experienced
workmen, at Lo-ruxiS'i. 44-tt
SUoeinukers will flad the very best Bole
and Cppox Leather, heavy and fine; also every
description of Findings at Dorr k Son's.
Shorn o ACo,s is the only house that tel's
tho Buffalo Waterproof French Kip Boots. Cail
and ace them before you buy. 33tf
Dorr A: Son desire to remind their patrons
and the public that they have just received a full
stock ot the celebrated Buffalo Eoota, for meo's
and boys' wear;
The Bent is always the cheapest.
Buy your
Clothing of Davroos.
.oti to BniineM- Quit Your
Quarrc I i ng and Come to tlie Point.
One Thousand Dollars offured for a Sewing Ma
chine that will do every variety or any variety
ofw.it tter than the Improved Family tiinger
Sewing iiiachine. Go and net samples atE. L
Cnoss' Jewelry Store. 20tf
obby Hats and Jaunty Caps
thing., out, Darroos'.
tho latest
The Colcbruted Buffalo and Cleveland
Boots can always be found at Dorr Son's.
Castors, Castors, Castors. A beautiful stork
so cheap you can't help buying, at J. D. Uooaa'
1SU
Dorr Sou have a full supply of the U. T.
K. Shoes, which they are selling lower than thi
owest.
The Atlantic and Pacific Tele
srraph Co. having established a permanent
otfice office in the Jewelry Store of Mr. L. Cross
would respectfully solicit the patronage of the
public, and assure them that their business will be
doae with promptness and dispatch. Hyl
The IX ew Domestic is Out. The
Coinpauy are utw turning out 200 per week, which
will be increased to 400 per week in a short time.
Don't buy a M whine until you have tried a New
Domestic. 25tf L. Lepfsluan.
Perspiration can be checked by purchas
ing a "cool" suit from Youhgmas.
Farmers look to your interests, and buy a
Soot that will wear you from one to two years
and keep soft. Call for the Buffalo Boot, sold only
by Shomo ft Co. 33tf.
Goblets in endless variety of quality and
tiyle, very cheap at 3: D. Moose's Crockery store.
15tf
Buffalo Buffalo, Buffalo Boots and Shoes at
Shomo Co. Every pair warranted. Mtf
Shomo
Shoes.
Sc. Co. sell Burt's fine Boots and
mt
Comfort is essential to happiness, and you
will have more comfort in a suit purchased from
Zockomam, than from any other man. ,Oo and
ee him.
The best of Type, goodPresses,andezoellent
material, enables as to turn out the finest work,
at liberal rates.
Great assortment of Table Cuttlery at all
prices at S. V. Moobk's IStf
Bililloads.on good paper, printed at this
office on short notice aud at reasonable prices.
To Keep Cool
-Go to Dryfoos' for your
Clothing.
in
WANTED.
85,000 lbs. of Butter, and 75,000 doz. Eggs,
for which we wilf pay the highest market
price in cash. D. Gabvin Co.
BURLINGTON.
Leaving the East and arriving at Chicago or In
dianapolis, how shall we reach the West! The
best Line is acknowledged to be the C..B. U.,
joined together with the B. ft M. E.iilroad by the
Iron Bridge at Burlington, and called the
BCULItiGTOK ItOCTE.
The main line of their Koute running to Omaha,
connects with the great Pacific Boads, and forms
to-day the leading route to California. The Mid
dle Branch, entering Nebraska at Flattsmouth,
passes through Lincoln, the State Capital, and
will this year be finished to Fort Kearney, form
ing the shortest route across the Contiuent by over
100 miles.
Another branch of the B. M diverging at Bed
Oak, falls into a line running down the Missouri
through St Joe to Kansas City, and all Kansas.
Passengers by this route to Kansas, see Illinois,
Southern Iowa, and Missouri, and by a slight di
vergence, can see Nebraska also.
Lovers of fine views should remember the
Burlington Route, for its towns "high-gleaming
(rom afar" its tree fringed streams its rough
oiuffs and quarries its corn-oceans stretching
over the prairies further than the eye can reach.
Land-buyers will be sure to remember it, for
they have friends among the two thousand who
have already bought farms from Geo. S.Harris,
the Land Commissioner of the B. M. B. E. at
Burlington, Iowa, or among the four thousand
home-stuadersaudpre-eavptors who last year filed
theii claims in the Lincoln land office, where "Un
cle Sam is rich enough to give us all a farm tf
titn pieces plain Gold Band White Granite
Set, tor (20.00, at the Crockery Store of J.P.
MOOBK. 13tf
Beautiful fancy Glass Ware very cheap at
J.D. Moobe's. 15tf
Shomo ck Co. sell the celebrated U. "S.
K.
Shoes for Ladies, Misses and Children
pair warranted.
33tf
A bis; stock of Looking Glasses sold much be
low the regular prices, grand bargains in these
goods at the Crockery Storeof J.D.Moore. 15tf
Sale Bills printed at thisoffice, at an boar's
notiee.
or
of
.he
f
Summer Clothing;.
Just the thing you want
you can buy of Youngman, at thv very lowest
uutch. lie has a full and splendid stock.
Anya no wishing to purchase a Set ot Crock
ery should not fail to call on J. D. Moobe before
buying. He offjis positive inducements in all
kinds of Crokery and Glass Ware. Utf
Oo
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Trust what Time has Sanctioned.
The maxim that the voice of the people is the
voice of the divinity may in some cases be open
to doubt, but tho testimony of honest and en
lightened vitnerses extending through a series of
years and all to the seme purport, is worthy of
credence, admits of no question. Upon such tes
timony the reputation of Bostetter's 6tomach
Bitters as an antidote and cure lor many ailments
is based. During the twenty years that it has
been before the world, innumerable preparations
intended to compete with it, have gone up like
rockets, and C( me down the extinguished sticks.
Meanahile the progieut of that incomparable
tonic lias beta v ift snd steed j always upward
and onward like the eagle's flight Its introduc
tion produced a revolutioin in thereapcutics, and
it proved 1o be one of those salutary revolu
tions that cannot go backwards. To-day Hos tet
ter's Bitters is oue of the most popular remedies
in christeLdom, and commands a larger sale than
any other medicinal prepaiation, domestic or im
ported, on this side of the Atlantic As a euro for
dyspepsia, bilious duoiders, nervous affection,
general debility, and a preventive cf epidemic
fevers, it takes precedence of every other remedy.
This tact should teach the ambitious country
dealers who endeavor to foist their local abortions
on the puoli j in its stead, how futile their small
attempts to cajole tne community must necessa
rily be. Where the game nan have tailed there is
no chance for the "suckers."
Se-gs
OU
At
Bio
JOB SM OSES'
Sir JameB Clarke's Female Pills.
These invaluable Pills are unf uliog i the cure
of all those painful and dangarous diseases to
which the female onstitution is subject. They
tnoderat j ah exceaies and remove all obstructions
trom whatever cause. 1
TO IUAHKIED LADIES
they are particularly suited. They will in a short
time bring on the monthly period with reirularity:
and ultLough very powerful, contain nothing
hurtful to the constitution. In all cases of nerv
ous and Spinal Affections, Pains in the Back and
Limba, Fatigue on slight exertion, Palpition of the
Heart, Hysterics and Whites, they will effects
cure when all other means have failed. The cir
culars around each package give full directions
and advice, or will be sent free to all writing for
them, sealed from observation.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
It is the fate of every truly valuable medi
cine to be countkbi-kited. Job Motes' Hir
James Clarke t Female J'ills are extensively
counterfeited. The genuine have the name of
-job moats on eacn package. All others are
worthless. Dishonest Drugginta endeavor to sell
me counieriens to mate greater profits.
N. B. In allcabes where the uenuike cannot
be obtained, One Dollar enclosed to the Sole Pro
prietor, JOB M03ES, IS Coortlandt st, New
York, will insure a bottle of the ynui ne, con
taining Fifty Pills, by return mail, teeurel'j
tettled from any knowledge of Its contents.
p ty THE CATJSB AND CTES OF COS
SUMPTION. The primary cause of Consump
tion Is derangement of the digestive organs. This
derangement produces deficient nutrition and as
similation. By assimilation, 1 mean that process
by which the nutriment of the food is converted
Into blood, snd thence Into the solids or the body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the
slightest predisposition to pulmonary disease, or
If they take cold, will be very liable to have Con
sumption of the Lungs in some of Its forms and
I hold that it will be impossible to enre any esse
of Consumption without first restoring a eood
digestion and healthy assimilation. The very first
thing to be done Is to clcanso the stomach and
bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which
are clogging these organs so that they cannot per
form their functions, and then rouse up and re
store the liver to a healthy action. Tor this pur
pose, mo surenw aua oest remedy is Schenck's
Mandrake Pills. These Pills clean the stomach
and bowels of all the dead and morbid slims that
is causing disease and decay in the whole srstem.
They will dear ont the liver of all diseased bile
that has accumulated there, and arouse it up to a
new and neauny action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted.
The stomach, bowel?, and liver are thus cleansed
by the use of Schenck's Mandrake Pills but there
remains in the stomach an excess of scid, the or
gan is torpid and the appetite poor. In the bow
els, the lac teals arc weak, and requiring strength
and support It is in a condition like this that
Schenck's Seaweed Tonic proves to be the most
valuable remedy ever discovered. It is alkaline,
and it s use will neutralize all excess of acid, mak
ing the stomach sweet and fresh; it will give
permanent tone to this important organ, and cre
ate a good, hearty appetite, and prepare the syg.
tem for the first process of a good digestion, and
ultimately make good, hc.iltby, living blood. Af
ter this preparatory treatment, what -remains to
cure most cases of Consumption is the free and
persevering use of Schenck's Pulmonic Synip.
The Pulmonic Syrup nourishes the system, puri
fies the blood, and is readily absorbed into the
circulation, and thence distributed to the diseased
lungs. There it ripens all morbid matters, wheth
er in the form of abscesses or tubercles, and then
assists Nature to expel all the diseased matter in
the form of free expectoration, when once it ri
pens. It is then, liy tho great healing and purify
in" properties or Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup,
that all ulcers and csvlties are healed np sound,
and my patient is cured.
The essential thing to be done in curing Con
sumption is to cet np a good appetite and a good
digestion, so that the body will prow in flesh and
get strong. If a person has d incased lnng, a cav
ity or abscess there, the cavity cannot neai, the
matter canrot ripen, to long as the system is be
low par. What is necessary to cure is a new or
der of things, a ?ood nnnetitc, a good nutrition,
the body to grow in floh and get fat: then Na
ture is helped, the cavities will heal, tho matter
will ripen and be thrown off in lari qnantities,
and the person rv?ain health aud strength. This
is the true and only plan to cure Consumption
snd if a person in very tail, if the limps are not
entirely destroyed, or even if one lung'is entirely
gone, if there i euoti!'h vitality left in the other
to heal up, there is hope.
I have seen many persons enrol, with only one
sound lung, li vc and enjoy li fe to s cnod old aco
This is what Schenck's Medicines will do to euro
Consumption. They will clean out the stomach 1
sweeten and strengthen it. pet op a food digest
tion, and give Nature the assistance ehe needs to
clear the system of all the disease that is in tlie
lungs, whatever the form may be.
It is important that, while using Schenck's
Medicines, care shouid bo exercised not to take
cold; keep in-doors in cool and damp weather
avoid nieht-air, and tnko out-dour exercise only'
in a genial and warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when I re
commend a patient to lie careful in legnrd to tak
ing cold while usint; my medicines, f do so fors
special reason. A u.an w ho 1ms but partially re.
covered from Tho eflicta of a had cold is far more
liable to a relapse than one who has been entirely
cured, and it is precisely the esme in regard to
Consumption. So lon-r as the Innprs aro not per
fectly healed. Just so l.ing is there imminent dan
ger of a full return of Die disease. Hence it is
that I so strenuously caution pnlmonarv patients
aprainst exposing themselves to an atmosphere
that is not ircnial and pleasant. Confirmed Con
sumptives' luufrs nro a mass of sore, which the
least change of ainmsphere will inflame. The
grand secret of my mccesswith my medicines
consists in my ability to mixlne inflammation in
stead or provoking tr. as ninnv of the faculty do.
An inflamed luntr cannot with safety to the pa
tient be exposed to the hitina blasts of winter or
the chilling winds of spring or antnmn. It
should bo carefully shielded from all irritating in
fluences. Tho utmost caution should be observed
this particular, as without Harare under al
most any circnmstanrvjF is nu imjwsibility.
The person should he kept on a wholesome snd
nutritious diet, and all tho medicines continued
until the body has restored to it the natural
quantity of flesh and strength.
a was juyseu curca uy mis treatment of the
worst kind of Consumption, and have lived to
pet fat and hearty these many years, with ono
lune mostly pone. I have cured thousands since,
and very many havo been cured by this treatment
whom I have never seen.
About the 1st or October, I expect to take pos
session of my new huildine at the northeast cor
ner or Sixth and Arch Streets, where I shaH be
pleased to give advice to ail who may rataire it
Full directions accompanv all my remouies. so
that a person In any part of the world can be read
cured by a strict observance of the same. v
J. II. SCHENCK, M.D.,

Philadelphia
R. MAC READY A CO.,
Sf.E. Cor. Columbia ck Walnut Sts.
CltrClXXATI, OHIO.
Wholesale Agents
NKIIVOI S JitlL,lTY.
Thousands suffer from it. A weak,
acrvous,exhjiusted feeling, no energy, animation
vigor, low spirits, con fused head, weak memory,
nocturnal or involuntary seminal emissions, with
losBof power andjhrcatenedimpotence. The con
sequence of excesses, overwork or indiscretions.
Ihis is nervous debility, and it finds a sovereign
remedy in Humphreys' Humeopathic Specific No.
twenty-eight. Thousands have been cured by
these simple sugar pills. They tone up the sys
tem, arrest the discharges, dispel the gloom and
mental depression, and rejuvenate the system.
Price as for apackageof five boxes and a vial of
powder, which is iuipartantin all old long-stand-ing
cases, or (1 per single box. Sold by all first
clasdruggists,andaentto any address on receipt
the price. Address Humphreys' Specific Hjm-
dopathic Medicine Co. ,562 Broadway, New York.
It need not perplex you at all to decide
where to go fur ciothingjustsuited to this weather.
Darroos' Clothing Store is the place.
iriA. a.vu win:.
lltia)s far Young: Tien, on the great
SOCIAL cVXL.ts auu aiiudhs, wnicn interlere
with jlAitttlAuE ifh sure meads ot relief fur
erring aai unrorcunate, diaeascd and aebiu
cuted. beat tree iu scaled envelopes. Adareas,
uurfAltl) A-.3OUiAliO.tf, No. 2 B. Ninth St.,
L-laaeiyttia, Pa.
RAILROADS.
CONDENSED TIME-TABLE
LAKE SHORN RAILWAY—GOING EAST.
A. it. A.M. A.M. P.M.
Leave Toledo 3.00 6.50 10.40 5
Fremont -i.M i.ii li-M 6.vu
Arrive Cleveland 10.jj i.U) 9.40
P.M.
i.M
6,i0
10.00
GOING WEST.
A.M. A.M. P. it. P.M.
Leave Clevelaud iu.u ti.t5 2.30 ;.2U
Fremont -4- U.uo .00 10.1 7
Arrive Toledo lu.00 10.10 7,36 11.30
P.M.
7.30
10.38
11.40
LIKE ERIE LOUISVILLE RAILROAD SOUTH.
beave Fremont at !f:00 a.m., 0:00 V, M.
Fostonaat 10:26 7:13
Arriveatfindlayat 11:30 8:00
GOING NORTH.
Leave Findlay at 5:40a.m, 1;30p.m,
Fostonaat (:34 2:30
ArriveatFremontat 7:40 4:00
Trains leave Cleveland
Lake Shore, East. 7:45 '11:05 4:00 10:20 5:05
Lake Bhore, West 5:00 0:05 2:30 7:20 7:30
Do. banauaky 4:05
AtlsutickO. W. 7:25 3:35 10:00
Mahoning Br'ch 7:25 3.35
rtttcburgaWheerg 8:40 3:53
G.C.C.aci. K.K. 7:15 3:00 7:20 7:15
Trains leave Toledo.
A.M. A.M. A.M. P.M. P. it.
Lake Shore East 3:00 6:50 10:40 4:05 5:00
Mich.Div. 10:25 5;li 8.00
Line 10:30 10:35 11:50
Toledo Dctriot 6:00 1:40 4:05 8:05
Toledo W. at W. 10.10 5.15 10:35
Dayton stitichigan 9:20 3:O0rMO:2O 12:30
FREMONT RETAIL MARKET.
PRODUCE.
Cheese, 13c i Potatoes new.
.50c
..75
dutter..
He I Onionsper bush.
20c I GreenApoles
Lard, by the keg.
at retail
ralluwperlb
Betail
WholeaaW,
..1.25
.Kc Dried Apples per lb
12c DriedPeachea... 15c
..he Feathers per lb 75c
9c Beeswax per lb 25s
.7J.C Wool per lb
.50a56c
GRAIN.
wheat 11.30 Baokwheat Me
uorn jo Bye 6x
30a32c I
SEEDS and HAY.
Flaxseed perbn ...1.50 Clover seu0....f5.7ia$'H'0
limotnysed..S3.0Oa4.00 Hayper tonfS.oiaSlu.Ci.
FLOUR and MEAL.
Spring Wheat Flour, per White Wheat Flour per
bbl $5.21-1 bbl $7.50
Bed Weat Flour, per j CornHcalpercwt.-S1.75
DDI, f.UV
FREMONT WHITE LIME.
the Kilns, per bush 20c
5a7 fine $,100500
LATH, PEN M.
Pine,..
.$2.75
GROCERIES
SUGARS.
10al2c Whiteperlb...
Brown, per lb.
.Hal 5
COFFEES.
..1822 I GrouudCoffees,
2SC
per lb....
Java
20a3Cc
TEAS
Y.HMin..;3.f 1.00h1.25 I Japan 75cal.25
Imperial jl.00al.50 Gunpowder,... 1.25al.50
Oolong, 7jeal.Z5 I
MISCELLANEOUS
Bice per lb 10al2',c I Tabic Salt perjacklOa25c
Mackerel per kit ...ti.oo Coarse Sa tper bbl. 12.30
White Fish per bbl. $8.50 Bock Salt litto 12.20
MEATS.
PORK Per bll 120.00
BEEF Per lb 6cabe
FOWLS.
nhickensDerlh -Sc I Ducktperlb 6e
Turkeys perlb 10c Geese perlb 6c
Dressed Chickens.... 10c I Dressed Ducksperlb 12e
Turkeys.. ..12,S Geeseperlb...6c
SMOKED MEATS.
Hams perlb,.
12c I Bacon
8c DriecBeef
..10c
..25c
LUMBER.
PerM. I
....$18 Cottonwood....
20 Pine, clear
.....30 Pine, common
PerM,
WhiteAah
Poplar...
Black Walnut.
$14
...45a55
20
Toledo Market.
Toledo, O., Oct. 18,1821.
Thetollowin?werethecloeing prices:
WHEAT l.43al,57.
COKN-57a,!.
OATS S0c.
RYE-7c.
TlTOTHY-$.l no.
MESS FORK-13aN.
BALT-f,'Wa2,J,;
New Advertisements.
CUNDURANGOf
THE WOSDKBFrt BCMSDT TOB
C.4CFIt, SYPHILIS, SCROrt'LA,
l Ltl lt, sLT RIIF.CM and AC1,
OTIIKIt CIIKOMC BLUOll WIS-
E.VSES.
Da. P. T. KEENE bavin? jui-t leturued from
Eucidor ann brought with him a quantity of the
oamuikf. lunitaraneo tiara, seonrea
thouYhtbe otii'ual reuoiamendation and assist
ance oi Jiis Excellency the President ot F.uraUor,
ana the Government of that Republic, we are
p-ppared to fill orders f jr it to a limited extent,
and at a price about one-quarter of that which the
cost of the nrat very pmAll supply compelled up to
coarse.
A Hpurious article is now advertised and
sold as Cunduraogo. We have, at a considerable
expense, and with the co-operation of the author
ities of Loja, the province where the plant grows,
ro directed the channel of our aupply as to enanra
that none bnt the acnolnR article shall b
sold by n and we particularly call the attention
oi me puDllc. Kr their protee'ioti, to tun lact.
BI.ISS. KHFE tlO,,
BO Cedar St., ew York.
D. W. Bliss, t. D.. Waahinirton, D.C.: Z. E.
Bliss. M. D, New York; P. T. Keehk, M. D.,
new xorx.
The oldest and most reliable Institution for
obtaining a Mercantile Education.
BS"f radical buaioetft men as instructors.
For information write tor a circular to
P. BlIF A: SOKS, Pi ttkburirb. Pa.
WILL fl. CAilLETOIV,
ALTHOK OP
"Betsey and I Are Out."
EDITS AND WRITES FOB THE
DETROIT WEEKLY TRIBUNE.
Tho Ifoitf. Vnmjl V... iL
.owt.pp m me uouniry. s
a year. Mend for specimen copy and club cimilar
Address THE TttIBC. .Ietroit,JIlcli
Try samples of our great
8-paije, l OO illustbated weekly
Ok vuum c.KL.l Li- I
j i.imiuiito. xue steel
engravings free to subscribers. Agents make S3
a day. Send for Saturday Oazette HallowelL, Me.
Solicited by IttUAW A
CO.Publishers Scientifle
American. 3T Park
kow, 1. Y. Twenty-five years' experience.
PamphletB containing Patent Laws, wi h full
directions how to obtain Patents, free-
A bound volume of 113 pages, containing the
:ew Census by counties and all large cities,
140 Enrrravintra of Mechanical Movement,, pat
ent Laws and" Rules for obtaining Patents, mailed
on receipt ot 25 cents.
THE NEW
WHEELER& WILSONj
rSACHIiJE.
WM- SUMNER C0-,
CINCINNATI
ASD ALL
Cities anl Towns in the State.
D
T H RIDGE
XX FLINT GLAS3
LAMP CHIMNEYS
'S
Stacd Heat better than any o Iter nwde.
Aak fur Dithridge's and take no other.
See that our name is ou every box.
D1THRIDGE 8 ON, Pittsburgh, Pa.
s7 Send for Price List.
e'lirpil thil Lett lt:nnittrnf the nrtvrtti trrttl l-i 'iiihi
of the hair. ;;3. t5S:!Zt? 1 S'i., itnston. M:i.
ot itie nair. i
Sold by all Uruy
i-ita. yeware of imitatwiu.
WANTED. Lady and gentlemen Azents
for Juo. S. C. Abbott's Franco-Prussian War
and History of Italy. B, D. 8. Ttleb, Ag"t., suc
cessor toJ. It. Randall, 108 Griawold St., Detroit,
Mich.
CHEAPEST ADVERTISING
u IN THE WORLD!
I I Fr72 per Inch per Month
I ITlvewiu insert an AUvemaement in 111)
V 7firt-claii Ohio Xswtpapers,
including 9 Dalies. Propoiiionat
rates fo smaller advertisements. Liai sent tree.
Address GtO P. ROW ELL CO.,
lOandll fABKBOHjSEtVVOUK.
OTAnflMtrlirMU aue cause removea. aa
Odreas ir. A Boaiiduan, East Haddam,ci.
a VITII Honu fnrniKh, Ci.
rpensea paid. 1. B. a HAW, Altred, lie.
S30. WK W1J.L, l'AY SS30.
Agents f 30 per week to sell our great and valuable
discoveries. If you waut permanent, honorable
and pleasant work, apply lur particulars. Ad
dress Dibtt ii (A).,Jauuon, Michigan.
1,003 GIFTS.
Grand tint Concert and Distribution for the
Benent of the foundling Asylum of Sew
York, aud Soldiers' aud bailors' Or
phans' Home, Washington, D. C.
To be held in Washington 'as soon as all
Ticket are aoiu, oi which Ten
Days Notice will be given,i urn u'
later man November 'US, 1S7I. Jntiie number oi
tickets, 62,000 f j ach. 1,0U3 GUIs, amounting to
2uo,ouo, to be awarded.. Rend lor circular, giving
list ox u ixu anu neierences. a icacta eun De naa oi
JhUL x BAituhiVr,
Philadelphia, Columbus, o., and iiichuund, Ind.
Or, p.c, Dr.VL.l-i, uenerai Agent,
31 Is aasau street, IS ew York.
Hon.LT. JlcCULLOCll.iilkiou, r..mm,
aiaj trfcO. X. UAoiLi.,iSaltimore,
Hun. J. a. MvliLEK, Pittsburg, Pa., Trustee.
Avoid l(nacK8'.-A victim ot early indis
cretion, causing nervous debility, premature
utcay, etc., having tried in vain every advertised
remedy, has discovered a simple means ot sell-cure
which he will send to his Iciiuw scrlerers. Address
H. Kttv .3,;s !sa 1
THIRTY YEARS OF EXPERIENCE,
IX IUE TREATMENT OF
Chronic and Sexual Diseases.
A Phisiological View of Marriage.
The cheapest .book ever published -containing
nearly three hundred pages, and one
hundred and thirty hue puiea aDd engravings
of the anatomy oi the human organs in a state ut
health and disease, with a treatise on early eriora.
lis deplorable consequences upon toe mind and
body, with the author's plan ot treatment the
only rational aud uccea:iul nloae ot cure, aa
Bhown by a report of cases treated. A tiutm'iu
adviser to the married and those eontemplaung
marriage, who entertain doubts of their pu) Bicai
condition. Sent free ot postage to any aduresa, on
receipt of twanty-nve cents iu stamps or postal
currency, by addressing Un. LA CltcJiX, xo 31
Ualden Laue, Albany, Si. Xhe author may be
consulted upon any or the diseases upon woich
his book treats, either personally or by mail, sent
to any part of the worid.
SIMILIA SIMILIBUS CUEAKTUB.
HOMEOPATHIC SPECIFICS
HAVE PROVED, FKOJI IUE AlObX A JLrun
experience, au entire success: Simple
Prompt Efficient and Keliable- Tliey are the
Best family Medicines in use so simple that mis
takes canuot be made in using them; so harmless
as to be free from danger, anu so emciem aa to oe
always reliable. They have received the highest
commendation from the thousands who have long
used and known therarund will always render sat
isfaction to those who Uy them.
No. Cures. I'rtee in Biuret. Cents.
1. fevers, Congestion, lnilammations. .U5
2! w Worm, Worm Fever, Worm Colic. ..25
iripi lIK'l one or acccmng 01 aniauts-o
t. piarroura, of Children or Adulis... .25
lyeutery Griping, Bilious Colic. ..Si
t liolera- 'lorbus, Vomiting 2i
Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis ........25
11 'euralgia, Toothache, Faoenfhe....-5
ileauaciiea,tiick Headache, Vertigo ii
Oyapepsia, Bhious btomach........-5
Supireked or Irregular Periods.... 2o
W Iti tea, too Profuse Periods 25
Croup, Cough, diineult Breathing.... 25
lCrupliou, balthheum, Erysipelas. 25
Kueuwaliami, Kheumatic Pains. .25
Fever Ajfue, ChiU lever, Agues. 50
Piles, Bliud or Bleeding 50
41 Opthaliuy, and Sore and WeakEyee 50
11 Caturrh, Acute or t-hrouic Influenza 50
u W lioopiuiocousrli, violenteoaghsW
Asthma, oppressed Breathing 50
Ear lMscuargea, impaired ueuiing 50
Scrofula, Enlarged glands, Swellings 50
tie lie ral Debility. Physical Weakness 50
Dropsy and cleanly becretions 50
Sea sickness, Sickness trom Biding. 50
Kidney Disease, Gravel 50
Nervous Debility, Involuntary
Seniinal Discharges 1 00
Sore .Mouth, Canker 50
I rinary Weak ness,WettingBed50
Painful Periods, Hysteria 50
sufferings at change of Life 1 00
Kpilensy. 8pasms,eU. Vitus Danec. 1 00
Diptnei ia, Ulcerated Sore Throat. .50
Price in vials, large sue 50c and 1 00
4.
6.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
li.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
IS.
19.
20.
21.
2i!
24.
25.
2.
27.
28.
2tf.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
FAMILY CASES, in Morocco, with
33 large 3 dram viala, containing the above
list, with book oi directions complete, $10 00
20 6 00
20 in paper case, with book 500
VETEBIJfAKlf SPECIFICS.
Case of 10 l-os. vials, in fluid, lOOdoses each,
Wltu niuuuaa w unwnuu,, Riving lull
account of the diseases of Horses,
Cattle, Sheep, Dogs and Hogs,
with full directions for use, in neat wal
nut case, complete f JO 00
POND'S EXTHACT,
Cures Piles, Neuralgia, Toothache,
Ulcediiiirot the Lungs. Stomach, Nose,
or other organs, Barns, nruises,
Lameness, Sprains, Kiieitmatism, ore
Throat, Sore lives, Hoils. Corns, Ul
cers, Old Sores. The Best family
Medicines known.
Price, U-oz. aoc.Pinls 1, Q.narts
81.73.'
m- ti.u Remedies, except TOND'el EX-
tu rr i, the case or single box. are sent to any
part ol the country, by mad. or express, free of
charge, on receiyt of the price.
Address Humpnreys specific
HnmeoDathic Medicine Comnanv.
Offi-e and depot. No. 562 Bboadwjv, New York.
SOB. SALE BY ALL DRUGGITTS.
Tot sale ia Fremont by C. R. McCULlOCH
.A '-Oltmollinl i tx tHt-ltilf (Vl.lv. A( Kll.
I
DRUG STORE
OF ttEJIO.T.
fully established themselves as be
ing the only reliable place to bve
Prescriptions Compounded in the
City of Fremont
Dr. G. A. Glssnur has the ex
clusive charge of this Department
and prepares all the Tinctures, Syr
ups, Pills, fcc. Our Store will also
be found the best place to have any
Recipes for Dyes, Medicines, &c,
prepared, always keeping the very
oust, arucies 10 dc procured, uur
stock embraces more articles than
any other store in the city.
AVe are sole agents for the cele
brated brand of Bergner, liauman
C'o.'s Pittsburgh White Lead. The
very best Lead in the market, being
me purest, wiutesl ami finest arountL
It is the cheapest, as it covers more
surface than any other Lead sold.
If you need any Paints and Oils
don t lail to call and see us.
In Wall Paper we have the largest
and newest selected stock in the
city. Our improved style of show
ing our samples of paper enables
parties to pick out paper with
better iudjrment than thev can possi
bly do by any other plan. Don't
fail to look through our samples be
fore j'ou buy.
Bl'CKLAXD'S
COMPOUND ELIXIB OP COLUMBO.
An efficient remedy for the vari
ous forms of indigestion, generally
known as dyspepsia, and a tonic in
low states of the system resulting
from acute diseases. It is the verv
best Tonic in ust and the best bit
ters made. Try it.
BUCKLAXD'S HORSE, CAT
TLE AND HOG POWDERS. A
good and worthy article. To keep
stock in good order nothing can
equal them.
SEWING MACHINE OIL, the
very best that is sold.
BUCKLAND'S TOLU WILD
CHERRY BALSAM, the best lem-
edy for Coughs and Colds, 75 cento
per bottle. If you have a cough
aon t iau to try it.
BUCKLAND'S CHAMPION
CLOTHES BLUING is the best
Bluing in the market. Ten cents a
bottle.
Our Lard Oil, Mecca Oil, Neats
foot Oil, Castor Oil, Linseed Oil, and
all other Oils, are the best the mar
ket affords, and we sell them at the
lowest prices.
By always keeping the best to be
had, and selling them at a small
profit, lias enabled us to build up
our large trade, and we 6hall con
tinue to do so. Any one needing
articles in our line should not fail to
give us a trial
S. BUCKLAND fc SON.
NEW GOODS
A. T
HEAD QUARTERS
We are now opening a very large
and full stock of
FALL WINTER
GOODS!
AND AT VERY LOW PRICES!
Our Stock of DRESS GOODS is
litrge, embracing many Beauti
ful Designs.
EMPRESS CLOTHE,
FRENCH MERINOS,
PLAIDS, SATTEEN'S,
JAPANESE SLLKS,
BLACK AND FANCY SILKS, fcc,
ALL AT REDICED PHICEtl
SHAWLS in Gre.t Variety, to
which we invite your
special attention.
Our Stock of
FLANNELS,
CASSIMERS,
WATERPROOFS,
BLANKETS,
WHITE GOODS,
HOSIERY, fec,
Is largo and at the Bottom Price.
We have a full and large stock of
DOMESTICS!
All Leading Brands of
Prints,
Brown and Bleached Cottons,
Striped Shirtings,
Denims, Tickings,
Cotton Flannels,
('hecks,
Linseys, etc.,
On all of which we defy Competition
We have also a very large line of
CARPETS!
At Very Low Prices!
CASH PAH"! fnr Yl-I,,f
Corn, Oats, Wool, and all kinds of
rrouuee. D. GARVIN CO.
Fremont, 0.,$j4. S7, 1871.
The best place to boy Drugs anl
Dtb Stuffs, School Books, Wall
Paper, Paints and Colors, Warra
Lead and On., Wixdow Glass and
Lamps, is at the Drdo Stobb nf
Thomas,. Gkcjtd A Laks, la Bcck-
la.vd s Nrw Block.
Thomas Gkukd A Laku have con
stantly on hand everything in the
line of Die Sierra, such aa Ikdigo
Ext. Logwood, Copkras, Nic Wood',
Fcstic, Cudbear, Coceixxal, Bi
Cheomate and Pkcssiatk of Potash,
Madder, Greex, Red, Blce, Yellow
and Pvkflx Axalixe, all of whi;h
they guarantee to be pure and gen
nine, and at the lowest prices.
The larze number of explosions
constantly occurring from the use
of the, bo called, non-explosive
burning fluid, should warn all per
sons never to buy anything but the
best of Stakdard Coal Oils, which
can always M iouna at me uncv
Stors of Thomas, Grcd A Laxg.
The recent and sudden change
in the weather have given many per
sona severe colds and bad sore
throats. To all those so afflicted
we would recommend Camp's Cough
Cvb, one of the nicest, most efil
cient, and pleasant remedies there is
in the market. It is prepared from
pure and selected drugs, and sold by
Thomas, Gbukd fc Laxs.
Thomas, Ghund La are re
ceiving every week invoices of goods
that are bought cheap for cash, and
we want every body to remember
that the best place to get pure, fresh
and reliable Dsuoa, is at our store
in Bccklakd s Nrw Blocs.
We keep constantly on hand a full
supply of Patkxt Mxdicdcxs, which
we will guarantee to be fresh and
gennine, and which we sell at cheap
prices.
Laxman'b Liquid Binxa ia the
best article there is in the shape of
Liquid Indigo forbleuing clothes.
It contains no acid to rot the fabrics,
and will not ttttle on or tpot them,
beware of all inferior articles, and
ask for Laxmax's Liquid Blcixo,
and take no other. It is for sale
by Grocers, and is put up and sold
wholesale and retail by Thomas,
Grcxd is Laxo.
jjla connection with the above Blu
ing we sell J. J. Wood Co.'s
tabch, which la admitted by all
that use it to be the best that ia
made in the State of Ohio. Do not
forget that the only place to buy
Vood Co.i celebrated rEASL
Staxch, is at the Dnco Stoke of
Thomas, Gkuxo Laxo.
To those who wisH to paper this
Fall we would any that we have tho
largest and best variety of Wall
Pater ever brought to thi3 county,
and we are prepared to suit all tastes
in both style and price.
t .r. fnnret that IIfadqalrters
n.r-ua. Dtk Stuffs. Paints. Oils,
Wixdov Gla and Wall Paper, is
at the Dec Store of Thomas,
Gruxd Lam. Bucilaxd's INnv
Bloci