NEWS SUMMARY.
The Hast.
Boss Tweed wrs arrested at New York
on Friday, on an indictment for felony, and
imprisoned at the Metropolitan Hotel.
Mrs. Andrew J. Garvey arrived at New
York on Thursday, from Switzerland, and is
instructed by her husband to say that on
condition of his not being prosecuted he
will disclose all that he know3 concerning
the ring frauds. Mrs. Garvey intimates
that her husband'sravelations will implicate
Hall, Sweeney, and Henry Smith Wal
dron, a wealthy Californian, who attempted
suicide about ten days since, died in hospital
at Nfew York on Thursday At the Ameri
can House, Boston, on Friday morning, Col.
B. F. Lawrence, a gentleman aged 62, from
Elgin, 111., in a temporary fit of insanity,
leaped from the third story window, and
falling upon the iron pickets sustained inju
ries which will probably prove fatal. One
of his legs was terribly shattered, necessi
tating amputation The execution of John
Ware, for the murder of his father, took
place at Camden, N. J., on Friday. Ware
maintained a stolid demeanor, and exhibi
ted no agitation. He wrote a long confes
sion, which he gave to his counsel, and in
which he says he killed his father because
he ill-treated his (John’s) mother A fire
in Paterson, N. J., on the night of ihe 14th,
destroyed the Reform church, Buckley’s
stationery store, Paget’s jewelry store, Hed
don’s shjse store, and four dwelling houses.
Loss over SIOO,OOO.
Tweed was released on bail of $5,000 by
Judge Barnard in New York on Saturday.
There was great excitement over the course
taken by Barnard in fixing upon such an
insignificant sum for bail, and fears were en
tertained by his friends that he would be
lynched Auburn, N. Y., papers state that
Hon. William 11. Seward is very low from
paralysis...... Col. Lawrence, of Elgin, 111.,
who jumped from a window of the American
House, Boston, in a fit of insanity on Friday,
died on Saturday morning The residence
of John Edsoll, at Ridgefield, N. J., was
robbed on Thursday night last of bonds,
money, notes, etc., valued at SIOO,OOO
Levi Gassell, from Monticello, lowa, shot
himself in the cars near Cobourg, Ont., on
Friday night and has since died Consid
erable money was found on his person.
Eight men attacked the jailor at New
Brunswick, N. J., on Sunday night, gagged
and bound him then attempted to gain the
interior of the jail, but the assistant jailor
fired on them and called the police, the ruf
fians fleeing. It is suspected they intended
to release a bank robber incarcerated there.
The Brooklyn Aldermen have voted
SIO,OOO for the use of the Board of Health
against the small-pox. The disease has
spread to East New York Henry T.Tuck
erman, the well-known scholar, poet, and
essayist, died in New York on Sunday, aged
58 Four men, while walking on a rail
road track near Milburn, N. J., on Saturday,
were struck by a locomotive, and three of
them instantly killed Two hundred feet
of the roof of the iron depot of the Rensse
laer railroad at Saratoga, N. Y., was crushed
by the weight of snow on Monday afternoon.
Nobody hurt......A Port Jervis, N. Y., dis
fatch states that there are 20 miles of
reight cars blocked at that place for want
of motive power, owing to the mismanage
ment of the Erie railway.
At Liberty, N. J., Win. Beust was burned
to death while,:attempting to rescue his
child from a burning house Olive Logan
was married in New York on Tuesday to
Wirt Sykes, by Rev. Robert Collyer.
Thi West.
llenhy Williams, a colored man, was sen
tenced at Chicago on Friday, to twenty
years’ imprisonment for the killing of a man
named Grayson at Chicago last October
The Bfockhawk Brewery,” at Davenport,
lowa,* whs burned on the 14th inst. Loss,
$20,000; insurance, SIO,OOO.
A boiler exploded in Wahl Bros.’ glue
factory, Chicago, on Sunday, instantly kill
ing John Rich, the boss carpenter, andChas
Becker, the foreman. Joseph Meyers, another
employe, was probably fatally scalded
Carl Maenort, a German, committed suicide
by shooting himself in the head with a pis
tol, at Chicago, on Sunday. He left letters
stating that he was tired of life and the long
struggle with misfortune. His wife had been
sick for some months, and the shock so un
settled her reason that she became a raving
maniac. Three little children are left to
charity The final games in the Cleveland
Chess Congress were played on Friday, and
in the evening the distribution of prizes was
made, as follows First prize, SIOO, G. 11.
Mackenzie, New York; second prize, SSO, H.
I'losmer, Chicago; third prize, S4O, F. H.
Elder, Detroit; fourth prize, $35, Mux Judd,
Clevelaiirtlj fifth prize, S3O, P. Ware, Jr.,
Boston; sixth prize, S2O, H. D. Smith, Michi
gan; feetehth prize, sls, H. Harding, Michi
gan Tucson dispatches say the Apache
Mojave Indians, who murdered Loring and
party, near Wyckenburg, have fled from the
Date Creek Reservation to the mountains
The Lower House of the Missouri Legis
lature, on Saturday, passed a concurrent
resolution, asking Congress to pass a law
granting full amnesty to all who had been
deprived of the rig its of citizens Chris
tian Hess, of Pekin, 111., was killed on Fri
day by a runaway team The schooner
from Alaska, arrived at San
Francisco, brings from Adaka Island three
shipwrecked Japanese seamen whose junk
drilted ashore, they having been disabled off
the coast of Japan, and drifted by the Japan
ese Gulf stream 2,500 miles in nine months,
finally reaching there. Twenty-three others
had starved on board. They will be sent
back to Japan by Consul Brooks.
At a meeting of the Chicago Common
Council Monday night, a committe of five
was appointed to investigate numerous
charges against Aldermen and city officials
of bargain and sale in the matter of appoint
ments to office, the award for city printing,
Ac.... .yhe Swansea Smelting and Refining
Work at Chicago were destroyed by fire on
Monday night. Loss, $l5,Ct)O; insurance,
$12,000 Michael Garvey, a farmer living
near Bloomington, 111., wa3 run over and
killed at the depot of the Chicago and Alton
road, in >tlat city, on Saturday night.
The small-pox is raging fearfully at George
town, O. Business of every description is
almost entirely suspended. Schools in and
around ftvtfn have closed, and people from
the country,will not venture inside the cor
poration....*..Gregori Peri has been sentenced
to imprisonment for life for the murder of
Michael Ready, at Chicago A colored boy
named Frank Roberts was arrested in Indi
anapolis oni Saturday night while attempting
to set fire to the Metropolitan theatre A
young lady of Monroeville, Ind., who knows
how to guage the means of newspaper men,
has brought a treach of promise suit against
one of the editors of a Fort Wayne journal
for $11.75......Fernand0 Styre, a farmer of
Blue Mounds, V r is., committed suicide on
Monday last, by hanging himself in his
barn. Temporary insanity was the cause of
the act The peat marsh near Owatonna,
Minn., which tookfire Oct. 8, is still burning.
The South.
A s#fctlAT, from Helena, Ark., says that on
Monday last a fiendish murder was commit
ted at Lake villege, Checout county, by San
ders, Dhgan and Garrett, citizens of the
county, upon G. W. Wynne, a young colored
lawyer, who had recently located there. The
murder grsw out of political differences in
the late election in that countv. Intense ex
citement prevails At Cookeville, Tenn.,
last Saturday, J. W. Crutcher, Taylor Mc-
Kinney, and H. H. Dillard, all armed, at
tacked Charles Burton, wLc defended him
self, ffcobting Crutcher mortally and Mc-
Kinney slightly. Burton was also wounded
slightly., whisky and scandal caused the
difficulty.
A report was presented to the Sou oh Caro
lina House of Representatives, last Thurs
day, by a committee of investigation, by C.
C. to the effect that the State had
been defrauded by an over-issue of $6,315,000,
and recommending the House to take the
necessary steps to hold accountable those
persons who have violated the law and ruined
the credit of the State.
A letter from Atlanta, Ga., states that a
resolution was recently adopted by the State
Senate, declaring that the people of that
State have no idea of demanding remunera
tion for the loss of slaves by the rebellion.
This virtually kills a prior resolution that
the General Government should reimburse
the people for their loss Resolutions were
passed in the South Carolina house on Mon
day impeaching Gov. Scott and Treasurer
Parker for manufacturing $6,000,000 in
fraudulent State bonds.
Seward is nominated for Vice-President
by a Tallahassee, Florida, paper Hon.
T. C. McCreery, late United States Senator
from Kentucky, has been nominated to suc
ceed Hon. Garrett Davis Enoch Riley and
Johil Cotton, old residents of Pineville,
Monroe county, Ala., had a quarrel recently,
and settled it with shot guns, according to
the code. Both were killed at the first fire.
W ashington.
Mr. J. H. Riley has been recognized by
the President as Consul General for the free
states of South Africa The Treasury De
partment has received a check from a bank
ing house in Washington for between SIO,OOO
and SII,OOO, that sum being an unexpended
balance in their hands of money received
from Seth Johnson, the treasury defaulter,
for speculation in bonds.
The wool crop of the United States for the
year ending June 1, 1870, according to the
census returns, amounted to 101,284,678
pounds, including 47,929,647 from the North
western States A private letter from San
Domingo says the two years’ lease of the
Bay of Samana having expired, the United
States flag has been hauled down.
At his own request, and by direction of
the President, Brig. Gen. Benjamin W.
Brice, Paymaster General, is retired from
active service, and his name will be entered
on the list of retired officers of the grade to
which he now belongs Daniel W. Mann,
of Illinois, has been appointed Supervisor of
Internal Revenue in that State, vice R. J.
Sweet, appointed First Deputv Commis
sioner, and has taken the oath of office.
Foreign.
The French bark Costa Rica was run into
on Sunday night by an unknown vessel, off
the Isle of Wight, and sunk, carrying down
seventeen of the crew. The unknown ves
sel hurried off and made no attempt to ren
der assistance A public rejoicing took
place at Windsor, on Monday, over the con
valesence of the Prince of Wales. A num
ber of oxen and sheep were roasted, by order
of the town authorities, and a general feast
was held, to which the poor and many other
persons were invited The Commissioners
for the arbitration of the Alabama claims
held a formal meeting at Geneva, Switzer
land, on Monday A Havana letter to the
New York Herald states that a visit to the
grave of Castanon, which is alleged to have
been desecrated by the students who were
brutally shot by volunteers, reveals the fact
that no desecration whatever has been made.
The glass covering of the niche is not
broken, as was stated by the Spaniards, and
everything about the grave is in perfect or
der, never having been disturbed Mail
advices from India state that the river
Gurnti rapidly rose, on the night of Sept. 15,
and overflowed its banks, the flood lasting
three days and nights, and swept away
about 3,000 houses in the city and vicinity
of Jounpur, rendering 10,000 people home
less.
The London Times of Tuesday publishes a
conservative leader on the subject of the
meeting of the Geneva Commission of Arbi
trators, in which it thanks President Grant
for having materially contributed to en
courage a feeling of brotherhood among the
nations A meeting of the Erie Railroad
Stockholders' Protection Society was held in
London on Tuesday. Raphael presided, and
in the course of some remarks said the pres
ent organization cannot long survive the fall
of its twin sister, the Tammany Ring. An
a vowed object of the Republican Legislature
of New York, he said, is to break up the
present management of the Erie railroad.
Raphael warned the stockholders against
making any compromise whatever with Fisk
or Gould..?...The French Government re
fuses to sell the crown jewels to private par
ties The Russian Academy of Sciences
has elected Gen. Von Moltke an honorary
member A Madrid letter states that Gen.
Sickles received secret orders to return to
Washington for consultation on important
state matters At Berlin, on the 18th, Min
ister Bancroft delivered to the Emperor of
Germany, who is the arbitrator in the mat
ter, the memorandum of the American Gov
ment with regard to the northwestern boun
dary question The press of Lisbon show
much anxiety over the largely-increased
emigration of workmen to the United States,
and recommend remedial measures The
Sublime Porte and the Khedive of Egypt
have refused the purohase of the Suez canal,
which is offered for sale.
Proceedings in Congress.
In the Senate, on the 14th, Mr. Anthony’s
resolution to create a Committee on Retrenchment
was adopted..—.An amendment by Mr. Trumbull, au
thorizing the committee to sit during the recess, and
to send lor persons and papers, was voted down. In
the course of the debate, Mr. Trumbull said, if there
is anywhere in the world a worse civil service than
that of the United States, I pray God to deliver that
fieople from it” The nomination of George B. Wil
iams, of Oregon, to be Attorney General of the United
States, vice Akerman, resigned, was unanimously con
firmed Adjourned until Monday, the 18th.
In the House, same day, Mr. Burchard offered a
resolution calling on the Secretary of the Treasury for
information as to the number of persons employed,
and the total compensation paid therefore in the col
lection of customs for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871, in the United States. Adopted Various pro
positions were made and discussed, principally turn
ing on the number of Representatives of which the
House should be composed. The number was eventu
ally fixed at 283, on motion of Mr. Garfield.
The greater portion of the time of the
House, on the 15th, was taken up with a discussion on
the appropriation for the government buildings at
Chicago. An amendment was offered cutting down
the amount to $3,000,000, and another to $2,000,000, but
both were voted down, and the bill passed as it came
from the Committee on Appropriations, viz: $4,000,000
for purchase of land and buildings The House then
went into Committee of the Whole, Mr. Wheeler in
the chair, and passed the bill roported from the Com
mittee on Foreign affairs making appropriations to
pay the expenses of carrying out the treaty of Wash
ington A bill appropriating $23,000 to meet the de
ficiency by the defalcations of F. A. McCartney, late
disbursing clerk of the Post Office Department, was
also passed Adjourned until Monday, the 18th.
The Senate on Monday, the 18th, passed
the House bill in relation to steam boilers used on
the Mississippi River The remainder of the session
was taken up by discussion on the appointment of a
Committee on Investigation and Retrenchment.
In the House, same day, Mr. Hoar offered a resolu
tion sympathizing with all efforts to establish self
government and republican institutions, and with the
families and friends of all persons who have lost their
lives, either in ths field, on the scaffold, or else vhere,
in the causo of civil liberty.” Unanimously adopted
;Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, introduced a bill
declaring women entitled to the suffrage under the
Fourteenth constitutional amendment, But the House
adjourned without action upon it.
The Senate, on Tuesday, passed the House
bill appropriating $4,000,000 for public buildings in
Chicago Mr. Sumner gave notice that he would
propose an amendment t* the Constitution, providing
that the President shall be ineligible for re-clection.
On motion of Mr. Schurz, the President was re
quested to give informati n as to the relations of the
United States with Spain, concerning her treatment of
Americans in Cuba. Also the instructions t our na
val commanders in Cuban waters for the purposes
stated in the President’s message Mr. Conkliug’s
lesolution, directing the Committe* on Retrenchment
to inquire into the charges in reference to the gene
ral-order business in the New York Custom-House,
was adopted Mr. Pool, at his own request, was ex
cused from serving on the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment A resolution from the Commit
tee on Privileges and Elections, declaring Mr. Nor
wood, of Georgia, entitled to a seat in the Senate, was
agreed to, and he was sworn in.
In the House, on Tuesday, a resolution far an in
vestigation by the Banking Committee of the recent
failure of National Banks, was adopted .A resolu
tion was adopted, calling on the Secretary of State for
information as to the printing of a statement o. the
case of tho United States before the Geneva arbitra
tors The Secretary of the Treasury was requested
to give information as to the amount of 5-20 bonds re
deemed A message from the President relative to
civil service reform, was read and referred -The
Senate amendments to the bill for the L’mcago Cus
tom-House. were concurred in Mr. Garfield, from
the Committee on Appropriations, reported the bul
appropriating $27,840 to supply the deficiencies in the
expenses of the Ku-Klux Committee. In reply to
Mr. Eldridge, he stated the total cost of the committee
to be $69,907, exclusive of printing. The report fills
seven volumes making about 6,0n0 pages. An
amendment was adopted that an itemized account of
the committee’s expenses be printed in the Globe. The
hill then passed, and the House adjourned.
Water-Proof Boot Soles.
A Southern exchange has the follow
ing on this subject: “If hot tar is ap
plied to boot soles, it will make them
water-proof. Let it be hot, and dry
near the fire. The operation may be
repeated two or three times during the
winter, if necessary. It makes the sur
face of the leather quite hard, so that it
wears longer, as well as keeps the water
out. It is a good plan to provide boots
for the winter during the summer, as
they will then become, before they are
wanted to wear, almost as firm as horn,
and wear twice as long as those unpre
pared.”
Poisoned to Death.
A healthy liver secretes each day
about two and a half pounds of bile,
which contains a great amount of jga-hifr
material taken from the blood. V hen
the liver becomes torpid or congested,
it fails to eliminate this vast amount of
noxious substance, which, therefore, re
mains to poison the blood and be con
veyed to every part of the system.
What must be the condition or the
blood when it is receiving and retaining
each day two and a half pounds of
poison Nature tries to work off’ this
poison through other channels and or
gans —the kidneys, lungs, skin, etc.;
but these organs become overtaxed in
performing this labor, in addition to
their natural functions, and cannot long
withstand the pressure, but become va
riously diseased.
The brain, which is the great electrical
centre of all vitality, is unduly stimu
lated by the unhealthy blood which
passes to it from the heart, and it fails
to perform its office healthfully. Hence
the symptoms of bile poisoning, which
are dullness, headache, incapacity to
keep the mind on any subject, impair
ment of memory, dizzy, sleepy, or nerv
ous feelings, gloomy forebodings and ir
ritability of temper. The blood, itself be
ing diseased, as it forms the sweat upon
the surface of the skin, it is so irritating
and poisonous that it produces discol
ored brown spots, pimples, blotches,
and other eruptions, sores, boils, car
buncles, and scrofulous tumors. The
stomach, bowels, and other organs
spoken of, cannot escape becoming af
fected, sooner or later, and costiveness,
piles, dropsy, dyspepsia, diarrhoea, fe
male weakness, and many other forms
of chronic disease, are among the neces
sary results. Asa remedy for all these
various manifestations of disease, Dr.
Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery is
positively unequaled. By it the liver
and stomach are changed to an active,
healthy state, the appetite regulated
and restored, the blood and sefcretions
thoroughly purified and enriched, and
the whole system renovated and built
up anew. Sold by all first-class drug
gists. 576
Railroad Bonds.
For several months past the Northern Pa
cific Bonds have been selling at the rate of a
million a month, and Messrs. Jay Cooke <fc
Cos., the agents, report a brisk and unabated
demand thus far in the month of December.
This must be highly encouraging to the
company who are building the second great
highway to the Pacific, but it is not surpris
ing in view of the attractions which these
bonds present. A good railroad and its traf
fic are usually considered security enough
or a first mortgage bond, yet the Northern
Pacific Bonds are not only a first lien on the
railroad and property, but in addition are a
first mortgage on valuable lands in Minne
sota and the Northwest at the rate of 23,000
acres for every mile of road built, or up
wards of 50,000,000 acres in the aggregate.
Every bond of the denomination of SIOO, for
instance, has 50 acres pledged in its support,
and it is specially provided in the company’s
charter that the proceeds of all land sales
must be applied to the cancellation of the
bonds, as long as they can be bought at a
price not exceeding tea per cent, premium.
The bonds, when used in purchasing the
company’s lands, are worth sl.lO now and
it will probably not be long before they
reach that figure in the market. Their pres
ent price is par and accrued interest in cur
rency, and they bear interest at the unusu
ally high rate 7 3-10 per cent, per anntim ill
gold.
Fight it out ox this Line.” —If you
are dyspeptic, bilious, rheumatic, gouty,
debilitated, consumptive, constipated,
or in anywise out of sorts, “fight it out
on this line,” viz: provide yourself
with a half dozen bottles of Dr. Walk
er’s Vinegar Bitters f take them ac
cording to the programme twice or
thrice a day, and keep fighting disease
out on this line, until you have not an
ache, a pain, or a physical trouble of
any kind remaining. The result is sure,
and it won’t take all summer” to
achieve it.
Among the many victims of the late
fire at Chicago were Messrs. McNally Cos.,
the well-known Booksellers and Stationers.
Their store and large stock of goods were en
tirely destroyed. But, possessing the true
Chicago spirit, they have in the brief space
of time since the fire, procured a complete
stock of new goods, and are ready for busi
ness again. They have opened a store at the
corner of Congress and Michigan avenues,
wnere they have, ready for the lovers of
home amusements and private theatricals,
a large stock of Popular Dramas, Comedies,
Farces, Reciters, Shadow Pantomimes, Par
lor Tableaux, etc., etc. They send full cata
logues free.
Alarmed by the designs of Boston
on Lake Cochituate, which supplies that
city with water, the Worcester (Mass.)
Gazette calls on the Worcester autkori
ties to take possession of it for that
city, which can be done without delay
under the existing laws. The lake is
within the limits of Worcester.
Unrivaled Yet. Blood will tell!”
say the horse fanciers, in estimating the en
durance of a fine animal; and the motto is a
good one outside of the sporting world. A
pure article—intrinsically good—must dis
tance all competition, eventually. The suc
cess ol Udolpho Wolfe’s Aromatic Schiedam
Schnapps has induced the manufacture of an
hundred imitations; but in the unrivaled
sale of his manufacture, while others have
achieved, if at all, but a scanty success—
may be found the public appreciation of a
pure and wholesome beverage.
Slight Cold,” Coughs. —Few are
aware of the importance of checking a
cough or “slight cold,” which would
yield to a mild remedy, if neglected,
often attacks the lungs. Brown's
Bronchial Troches give sure and almost
immediate relief.
A man in the employ of the North
western Railroad Company met with a
singular accident at Boone, a few days
ago. Whilst springing from a car to
the ground, a heavy gold ring, worn
upon the small finger, caught on a nail
head, and in an instant was separated
from the hand by taking the finger
with it.
Have the readers of this paper ever
used any of Parsons’ Purgative Pills If
not, why not? They are the best family
physic, beside being the greatest anti-bilious
remedy there is in this country.
An amateur naturalist in Washington
has collected ninety-eight cfats of differ
ent colors, to ascertain if the proverb be
true which says they will all turn gray
in the dark.
What is the number of American
belles who will make tools of themselves
about Alexis? Echo answers: “LX is.
Fruit Growers and Flower Fanciers
should subscribe to the Fruit Recorder and
Cottage Gardener, published by A. M. Purdy,
Palmyra, N. Y., at only one dollar per year.
This periodical contains the cream, of all the
other agricultural and horticultural papers.
Specimen copies are sent free to all appli
cants.
Frederick Gerstacker, the German
traveler and novelist, has written alto
gether one hundred and seventy vol
umes of travels and novels, and count
less newspaper articles.
If your horse is lame, sore or galled,
you should use Johnson’s Anodyne Liniment;
wash the part with castile soap and warm
water, rub dry, with a clean cloth, the*’ ap
ply the Liniment; rub in well with the
hand.
A welcome ship at any time—Friend
ship.
A capital business—Lending money.
The American Ham-burg—Cincinnati.
TO ALL WHO CAN READ.
The Weekly Bbii Doubled in Size V- ithout
Increase In Price.
With thejmg inning of the year 18 <2
The Weekly Sun will be double its
pi esent size, and will contain eight
pages instead of four, making it equal
in dimensions to any other weekly secular
journal published in this country. At
the same time its price will not be in
creased. It will be furnished to sub
scribers at the uniform rate of one dol
lar a year for each copy. To this rate
no exception will be made and no re
duction will be possible, either to clubs
or agents. Every subscriber who sends
a dollar will receive a copy for a year.
While The Weekly Sun will thus fur
nish as much reading matter as other
papers published at double or treble the
price, it will contain new features which
will add greatly to its interest and value
as a family newspaper. Its indepen
dence of .opinion and its unqualified
hostility to Tweedism and Grantism,
and every form of public robbery,
bribery, and corruption will be main
tained, while in point of political news
readers may rely upon always receiving
the most accurate as well as the freshest
intelligence that can possibly be ob
tained. The enlargement will also enable
us to devote additional space to valuable
agricultural intelligence, and to print in
teresting stories and romances more ex
tensively than hitherto. For misceb
laneous reading, presenting the quaint
and humorous aspects of life, and for
useful information respecting not only
what takes place in this metropolis and
this country, but.in all other parts of
the world, we shall now have ample
room.
In its new form The Weekly Sun will
be the cheapest paper of its class in the
United Stales and we appeal to such
of our readers as approve its ideas and
objects, and find it interesting and valu
able, not only to renew their own sub
scriptions, but to recommend the paper
to their friends and neighbors.
The coming year is destined to be a
memorable one in the history of the
country. We are on the eve of a most
significant Presidential election, and
political movements will for many
months be watched with unusual inter
est. Asa journal free from the trammels
of party, The Weekly Sun will continue
to uphold the principle of true repub
lican government. Its readers are in
vited to sustain it’in this work. The
truth, irrespective of party prejudice or
official influence, will always be told in
its columns.
Terms of The Weekly Sun—
A journal containing eight large pages, published
every Wednesday morning—to all mail subscribers,
whether single or iu clubs, one dollar a year each,
always iu advance.
Daily Sun, by mail, 60 cents a month, or $6 a year.
Semi-Weely Sun, by mail, $2 a year.
Address The Sun, New York city.
National Engineers’ Association.
We call the attention of our readers to the
advertisement of the National Engineers’
Association of Milwaukee, believing it to be
an institution worthy in every respect of
public patronage. The managers we believe
to be honest, reliable and trustworthy.
Their books being open to the inspection
of ticket-holders, or any parties desiring in
formation of the institution, stamps it at
once above suspicion. No more worthy
object exists than the education and eleva
tion of man, and especially should thi3 par
ticular class of men have every advantage
placed at their disposal, from the fact that
not only are our commercial interests greatly
entrusted to their skill and ability, but the
lives of human beings are entirely entrusted
to them while journeying on the main thor
oughfares of our country.
Their drawing was to have taken place on
the 15th inst., but owing to their loss in the
disastrous conflagration at Chicago, and the
consequent delay, they are compelled to
postpone until Thursday, February 22d,
1872. Their office is situated on Spring
street, Nos. 116 and 118, Milwaukee, Wis.
The Markets.
CHICAGO.
Beeves—Choice .—ss 62)4!* 5 75
Prim ft............ 500 a 525
Fair Grades-——-- 325 a 375
Stock Cattle—Common 275 a 325
Inferior 200 a2 25
Hogs—Live—... 410 a
Butter —Choice 22 a 25
Eggs 25 a 27
Flour—White Winter Extra 825 a 850
Grain
Barley—No. 2, new S 6O
Oats—No. 2 Sl%a 31,a
Rye—No. 2 62 a 65
Wheat—Spring, No. 1- 122 a 123
No. 2———ll7 a 11724
Lard n-
Pork—Mess 13 00 al3 2o
NEW YORK.
Cotton—Middling l?%a l9Js
Flour—Extra Western 570 a 600
Wheat—No. 2 Spring 149 a 151
Rye—Western— 93 a ;*4
Barley—State £9 a 30
Corn—Mixed Western 77 a
Lard 9 a
CINCINNATI. alre
Flour—Family $6 60 a 675
Wheat—Red 145 a 146
Corn —Mixed 4/ a 48
Oats i— 38 a 40
Rye-.-.—.-, 78 a 80
Barley-- 75 a 7 o
Pork —Mess .......13 50 ctlS i5
ST. LOUIS. I
Flour—XXX v 560 a5 70
Wheat-No. 2 Red 153 a 154
No. 2 White 125 a 126
Corn —Mixed 43 a 44
Oats—Mixed 55 a 06
Jsye 72 o 73
Barley 70 a 71
Pork—Mess..,..— 13 00 al3 25
Lard B)4a 8%
MILWAUKEE. _
Flour—Spring Extra 560a sjO
Wheat—Spring No. J—, 121 a 1 21%
No. 2 138 a 1 18%
Corn—No. 2 40 a 41
Oats—No. 2 31 a 32
Rye—No. 1 63 a 63)4
Barley—No. 2 59 a 60
TOLEDO.
Wheat—White Michigan 147 a 148
Amber do 1 42J4<* 143
No. 1 Red 140 a 141
Corn—High Mixed 48
Low do 47
White.
Oats —No. 1 41 a 42
No. 2 38)4 39
Peril and Precantion.
This is a season that tries the frame and the consti
tution. If there be a weak spot in either, the chilling
damps, the malarious fogs, the varieties of tempera
ture that mark t\ie commencement of the winter sea
son are sure to find it out. There are few systems that
have not a weak spot somewhere, and the wisest thing
that any man or woman can do is to fortify It by a
course of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, and thus keep
thee, emy at bay. In war, when a city is menaced,
the first thing done is to strengthen the ramparts.
The same policy should be adopted with the human
body, when its direst foe, malaria, is abroad.
If tho stomach is weak, this tonic
will lend, it vigor; if the bowels are morbidly
sensitive, this alterative will regulate them;
if the liver is ioert, this wholesome stimulant will
rouse it: if there is constipation, this aperient will
cure it; if there is nervous debility, this nervine will
replace it with nervous vigor; if there is impurity in
the blood, this deparent will neutralize it; if there is
a cloud on the spirits, this exhilarant will dispel it.
These are facts that have been demonstrated every
day for the last twenty years. Can as much be said
for any other medicine—or rather, can as much be
provedi— for anything may be said by the unscrupu
lous. Do not accept any of the local bitters some
times recommended by dealers in lieu of the Standard
Restorative,
$30,000 IN GOLD
$150,000 to be Given to Ticket Holders by
THE NATIONAL ENGINEERS’ ASSOCIATION
At the Grand Opera House, Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Postponed until Thursday, 22d February, 1872,
At which time will be given away 2,014 Gifts, amounting to $150,000, to be distributed as follows:
1 Gift of $30,000 IN GOLD. 20 Gifts of SSOO each In Greenbacks.
1 20,000 In Greenbacks. 200 100
1 'IO,OOO 300 50
1 5,000 500 20
10 Gifts of 1,000 each 1,000 lO
Ten Paid-up Life Insurance Policies, SI,OOO each, in the Northwestern Life Insurance Company, SIO,OOO.
150,000 TICKETS AT TWO DOLLARS EACH.
LOOK AT IT--$30,000 IN COLD EOR A $2.00 BILL.
COMMUNICATIONS AND ITEMS FROM THE PRESS.—The safest investment of the kind in America
—Chicago Times. s3<* 000 for a $2.00 bill is worth chancing in National Engineer’s Association.— N. Y. Evening
Mail. No more worthy object could be placed before the public than the National ■HsUginecrs’ Association
N. Y. Tribune An institution worthy tne patronage and influence of every man in the laud—Tike National
Engineers’ Association. —Chicago "Evening Journal. Attention is called to the advertisement of the National
Engineers’ Association, now.being so promit ently placed before the people of the united States. The institu
tion is one which vitally interests the traveling public, and is eminently worthy of patronage, as its list of
officers and directors attests. It is considered as a sure success.— Chicago Tribune.
OPINIONS OF PROMINENT MEN.—Honest, reliable, and worthy of support and encouragement of
everybody. The only enterprise of the kind ever gotten up on so liberal a scale. Managed exclusively by
some of the first engingeers in the country, and devoted to their interests.
Our ledger 1s open daily for the inspection of any ticket holder in the land. We invite public scrutiny as
to our mode of doing business. For tickets and information apply to CHARLES D. SJIIIU, 1 resident Na
tional Engineers’ Association, Drawer 393, or 116 and 118 Spring street, Milwaukee, Wis.
BRANCH OFFICES —BREED, LENT A CO., Stationers and Publishers, 240 Main, and 9 Seneca Sh, Buffalo,
New York. D. M. DEWEY, Stationer, .-tc.. Arcade Hall, Rochester, N. Y. G. A. BARS TOW. 129 Bank St.,
under Weddel House, Cleveland, Ohio. S. H. HIDLEY, No. 543 Broadway, Albany, New \ork. DAi OF
FICE, corner Sixth and Chestnut Sts., Philadelphia, Pa.
We take pleasure in referring to the following prominent gentlemen here and elsewhere, who recognizing
the noble and beneficent object in view, have fully and unhesitatingly allowed us the use of their names:
Hon. J. D. Easter, State Senator, Chicago.
Hon. S. K Williams, State Senator, N. Y.
Hon. C. fi. Morton, Attorney at Law, Chicago.
A. W. Gilmore, Esq., Banker, 1W West Randolph-st.,
Chicago.
Messrs. Peirce A Whaling, Wholesale Iron Merchants,
Milwaukee.
Messrs. Seifert, Lawton A Cos., Lithographers, Mil-
H. Nunnem&cher, Esq., Grand Opera House, Milwau
kee.
Agents liberally dealt with by addressing CHAS. D. SMITH, President Nnttonal engineer*’
Association, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Drawer 393.
The Mutual Life of Chicago reserves
by the highest standard in the United States,
gives its members the best security.
Knox College has 266 students and
Lombard University 155^
The famous Halford Table Sauce can
be had of grocers.
TnE Youth’s Companion.— A fresh,
direct, vigorous paper. As practical aa it is
attractive.
CONSUMPTION OR COUGH!
T. 1 PLEASE
Read the Following Letter
Mount Vernon. 111., April 29, 1871.
Meessrs. J. N. Harris <6 Cos., Cincinnati. Ohio:
Gentlemen—l heard one of my customers speak in
such high terms of Allen’s Lung Balsom to-day that I
thought I would write you the substance of his state
ments. He says his mother, who is now sixty years of
age, has suffered with consumption for several
years, and has been under the care of all out best
physicians, but never received any permanent benefit;
then she resorted to every kind of, Cough and Lung
Balsam that could be procured for her, but all to no
avail. She still grew worse, until she was confined to
her bed; and when she was seized with a paroxysm of
coughing she would lose the pouter of respiration, and
they were compelled to resort to various means to re
store breathing; and while she coughed so hard she
could not expectorato anything, and the family and
friends had given up all hopes of her recovery. Her
son noticed the advertisement of Allen’s Lung Balsam
in the Christian Advocate, and they thought they would
procure and try it. They commenced giving her the
Balsam at 5 o’clock P. M., as directed, a dose every
hour until midnight; then she took another spell of
coughing, and expectorated a mouthful of dark, yel
low matter, which was something she had not been
able tp do for some time. They continued to give her
the Balsam Until morning, and then she began to ex
pectorate freely, and within three hours she expec
torated three pints of mucous matter, which gave
her immediate relief, and since that time she has con
tinued to improve. She now sits up all day, and can
walk about the house and take considerable out-door
exercise. Her son bought more of the Balsam to-day,
and he is recommending it very highly to every one.
Yours respectfully,
A. 0. JOHNSON, Druggist.
Was there ever greater proof of merit than the case
this letter refers to
ALLEN’S LUNG BALSAM is without doubt the
best expectorant remedy ever offered to the afflicted
public. It contains no opium in any form, and its use
is harmless to the most delicate.
JB6S” Directions accompany each bottle.
It is Sold by Medicine Dealers Generally.
CAUTION.
Call for “ALLEN’S LUNG BALSAM.” and shun
the use of any other balsam, as unprincipled men may
deceive you with worthless preparations.
J. N. HARRIS CO., Proprietors,
Cincinnati. O.
Sold Wholesale by GREENE A BUTTON. Milwau
kee: H. BOSWORTH A SONS. Milwaukee FULLER
A FUTLER, Chicago: RICHARDSON A CO., St.
Louis; MoOULLOCH, McCORD A CO., La rosse;
NOYES BROTHERS A
3. VV.LKBK, Prcpri.tor. It. H. McDonald St Cos., Druggist! St
Gen. Ageuta, San Francisco, Cal., amt SI Commerce street, Jf, Y.
MILLIONS Rear Testimony to then
Wonderful Curative Effects.
They arc not a vile Fancy Drink, Made of Poor
Rum, Whiskey, Proof Spirits mul Refuse
Liu tiers doctored, spiced and sweetened to please tlia
taste,called “Tonics,” “Appetizers,” “Restorers,”&c.,
that lead the zippier on to drunkenness and ruin,but are
atrue Medicine,made fromtheNative Roots and Herbs
of California, free front all Alcoholic Stimu
lants. They are the GREAT BLOOD PURI
FIERand A LIFE GIVING PRINCIPLE,
a perfect Renovator and Invigorator of the System,
carrying off all poisouous matter and restoring theblood
to a healthy condition. No person can take these Bit
ters according to directions and remain long l awell,
provided their bones are not destroyed by mineral
poison or other means, and the vital organs Wasted
beyond the point of repair.
They arc a Gentle Purgntivo as well as a
Tonic, possessing, also, the peculiar merit of acting
as a powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inflam
mation of the Liver, and all the Visceral Organs.
FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS, in young or
old, married or single, at the dawn of womanhood or at
the turn of life, these Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For Inflammatory and Chronic Rheuma
tism and Gout, Dyspepsia or Indigestion,
Bilious, Rcmitteut and Intermittent Fe
vers, Diseases of the Blood, Liver, Kid
neys and Bladdor, the* Bitters have been most
successful. Such Disenses are caused by Vitiated
Blood, which is generally produced by derangement
of the Digestive Organs.
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTION, Head
ache, Pain in the Shoulders, Coughs, Tightness of the
Chest, Dizziness, Sour Eructations of the Stomach,
Bad Taste in the Mouth, Bilious Attacks, Palpitation of
the Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs, Pain in the re
gions of the Kidneys, and a hundred other painful symp
toms, are the offsprings cf Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach and stimulate the torpid
Liver and Bowels, which render'them of unequalled
efficacy in cleansing the blood of all impurities, and im
parting new life and vigor to the whole system.
FOR SKIN DISEASES, Eruptions,Tetter, Salt
Rbenm, Blotches, Spots, Pimples, Pustules, Boils, Car
buncles, Ring-Worms, Scald Head, Sore Eyes, Erysipe
las, itch. Scurfs, Discolorations of the Skin, Humors and
Diseases of the Skin, of whatever name or nature, are
literally dug up and carried out of the system in a short
time by the use ot these Bitters. One bottle in such
cases will convinco the most incredulous of their cura
tive effects.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you find its im
purities bursting through the skin in Pimples, Erup
tions or Sores; cleanse it when you find it obstructed
and sluggish in the veins; cleanse it when it is foul,
and your feelings will tellyouwhen. Keep the blood
pure, and the health of the system will follow.
Pin, Tape, and other Worms, lurking in the
system of so many thousands, are effectually destroyed
and removed. Says a distinguished physiologist,
there is scarcely an individual upon the (ace of the
earth whose body is exempt from the presence of
worms. It is not upon the healthy elements of the
body that worms exist, bnt upon the diseased humors
and slimy deposits that breed these living monsters of
disease. No System of Medicine, no vermifuges, no
anthelmintics will free the system from worms like
these Bitters.
3. WALKER. Proprietor. R. n. MCDONALD CO.,
Druggists and Gen. Agents, San Francisco. California,
and 32 and 31 Commerce Street, New York.
B3“SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS AND DEALERS.
42 orr A MONTH—Horse and outfit furnis had
gO i O Address, Novelty Cos., Saco, Me.
J. L. Tayior, Esq., Cashier People’s Bank, Manistee,
Michigan.
Thos. L. Humes, Esq., U. S. Inspector Engineers, Mil
waukee.
Richard Davis, Esq., Proprietor Marine Boiler Works,
Milwaukee.
S. Cadwallader. Esq., Milwaukee Daily News.
Elijah Fairbairn. M AP. du C. Shops,
N. B. Caswell, Esq.. Hardware Merchant. Milwaukee.
*THE GREATEST
MEDICAL
DISCOVERT
OF THE AGE.
MR. TtENNEDY, of Roxbtiry, has discovered In
out of our common pasture weeds a remedy that
cures
EVERY KIND OF HUMOR,
From the Worst Scrofula Down to a
Common Pimple.
Two bottles are warranted to cure a nursing sore
mouth.
One to three bottles will euro tho worst kind of Pim
ples on the face.
Two or three bottles will clear the system of biles.
Two bottles are warranted to cure the worst can kef
in the month orltomaoh.
Three to five bottles are warranted to cure the worst
kind of Erysipelas.
One to two bottles are warranted to cure all humor
in the Eyes.
Two bottles are warranted to cure running of tho
ears and blotches among the hair.
Four to six bottles are warranted to cure corrupt
and running ulcers.
One bottle will cure scaly erupt ion of the Bkin.
Two or three bottles are warranted to cure the worst
kind of ringworm.
Two or three bottles arc warranted to cure the most
desperate case of rheumatism.
Tnroe to four bottles are warranted to euro salt
rlieum. ii 3.
Five to eight bottles will cure the worst case of
scrofula.
A benefit is always experienced from tho first bottle,
and a perfect cure is warranted when tho above qtiau
tity is tuken.
ROXBURY. MASS.
Dear Madam: The reputation of the Medical Dis
covery. in curing all kind of humors, is so well estab
lished by the unanimous voice of all who have ever
used it, that I need not say anything on the subject, as
the most skillful physicians and the mot careful drug
gists i n't he country are unanimous in its praise.
In presenting the Medical Discovery to your notice,
I do it with a full knowledgo of its curative power, iu
relieving all, and curing most of the diseases to wh ch
you are unfortunately soliab!-. Themost excruciating
disease to an affectionate mother,
NUESma &OSIE HXCUTH,
is cured as if by a miracle; your own temper is re
stored to its natural sweetness, and your babe from
shor' and fretful naps to calm and sweet slumbers;
and tho Medical Discovery becomes a fountain of bless
ing to your husband and household.
In the more advanced stages of
CANKER,
l't extends to the stomach, causing
BirsrEFSXA,
which is nothing bnt canker on the stomach; thei to.
tho intestines and
KXEZffE^TSj
creating a sinking, pone feeling, and an indifference
even to the cares of your family.
Your stomach is
RAW AND XSTEDATCED,
your food distresses you, and you can only take cer
tain kinds, and even of that your system does net get
half the nourishment it contains as the acrimonious
fluid of the canker eats it up; then your complexion
loses its bloom, and becomes sallow or greenish,
and your best day is gono. For want of nourishmen
your system becomes loose and flabby, and tho not'
of your body become relaxed. Then follow a train j
diseases which tho Medical Discovery is peculiarly
d pKd CURE:
Palpitation of the heart, pain in the side, weakness of
the ft pine and small of the back, pain ot the mp joint
when you retire, irregularity of thv lowels, and alfl
that most excrutiating of diseases, ;ho
FXX.ES.
How many thousands of poor women are sufferiuai
from this disease, and pining away a miserable lito.anc
their next-door neighbor does not know the cause.
wish to impress on yottr mini! that good old proverb,
An ounce of prevention is better than a pound o>
CUr ivXEDXCAX. DISCOVERS?,
you have both tho preventive and the cure, with this
great and good quality, that it will never, under any
circumstances, do you any injury.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat the est you
can get, and plenty enough of it.
Directions for Use. —Adults, one tablespoonful pc
day; Children over ten years, dessert spoonn.J; hi!-
dren from five to eight years, tenspoonful. As no di
rections can be applicable to all constitutions, tak'
sufficient to operate on the howels twice a day.
Yours truly, DONALD KENNEDY.
Price, Si- 60 per bottle. For sale by every druggist
in the United States and British Provinces.
SI.OO. THE SX.OO.
Household
A Practical Journal, especially devoted
to the interest* of the
AMERICAN HOUSEWIFE,
Containing articles by experienced House
keepers upon all inn tiers pertain
ing to heme life and do
mestic Economy.
This popular Monthly has recently been enlarged
to twenty-four pages, quarto-size, and no pains will
be spared to make it
The Best Family Journal In the Country.
Its departments include the Verandah, the Drawing
Room, the Dressing Room, the Library, the Conserva
tory, the Nursery, the Dispensary, the Kitchen, the
Dining Room and the Par'or, with practical hints and
suggestions appropriate to each.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
Agents wanted, to whom a liberal commission will be
Allowed.
Send Stamp for Specimen Copy.
Address
GEO. E. CROWELL CO.,
Brattleboro, Vt.
Hmmsmsm
USED AND RECOM-
MENDED BYTHE MOST
EMINENT PHYSICIANS
IN NEW ENGLAND FOR {I
THE LAST 4b YEARS.
“NOTHING BETTER.”
CO., 2
Pfc r i° j'°Vi ilui utuaiii iJ'IV
DON’T FORGET
TO
CUT THIS OUT,
And send twenty-five cents for a ticket, and get a
Watch, Sewing Machine, Piano or ►'ome article of
value. Bix tickets for sl. Bo blanks. Address,
PACKARD CO., 58 W. 4th st, Cincinnati, 0.
GENTSWanted .—Agents make core money at
work for us than at anything else. Particulars free.
G. Stimbon A Cos.. Fine Art Publishers. Portland. Maine.
a rt Valuable Prizes. Worth Over $4,000,
are to be given to the Subscribers tb tho week
ly Amxbicax for 1372. A liberal cash commi.-sion to
agents, and SSOO to most successful. Samples and cir
cular free. J. L. LENNIS, Talbotton, Ga.
fFLE*4, Shot-Gun*. Revolvers, Gnn Materials of
every kind. Write for a Price List, to Groat Wes
tern Gun Works, Pittsburgh. Pa. Army Guns and
Revolvers bought, or traded for. Agents wanted
<2!OOri f° r first-class Pianos. Sent olTtrial. No
AU t/A/ agents. Address U. 8. PIANO CO.. 865
Broadway. New York.
A O A MONTH I Horse and carriage furnished,
Q Expenses paid. H.B.SHAW, Alfred Me.
OTO D Send stamp for circular of Potato and Fruit
OI Ur Parer. Evenr family boys at 50c. Agents
wanted. C. A. Scott, Cincinnati O.
MISS SAWYER’S SALVE.
ERE you have a salve combining soothing anil
Ll healing properties, with no dangerous ingred- 1
lent. A remedy at hard for the many pains and
aches, wounds and bruises to which riesh is heir.
Is more easily applied than many other remedies,
never producing a bad effect, but always relieving
pain, how’ever severe.
It is prepared by Miss Sawyer, who has used it
in her own extensive treatment of the sick, for
nearly twenty years, with great success.
The principal diseases for which this sabr* is rec-
ommeMtd are. Chilblains. Rheumatism, Riles.
Scrofula Old Ulcers, Salt Rheum. Sprains, Burns,
Fever Sores, Felons, Pimples, Erysipelas, Sore
Eyes, Barber’s Itch. Deafness. BoitS. Rtvg-icrrms,
Corns, Bites of Insects, Cancers. Totthuche, Ear
ache, Sore Hippies, Baldness, Swollen Breasts,
Itch, Scald Head, Teething, Chapped Baade,
Scalds, Cuts, Bruises, Croup, Cracked Lips, and
Sores on Children
It never fails to cure Rheumatism if properly
applied. Rub it on well with the hand three times
a day. In several cases it has cured palsied limbs.
For Piles it has been discovered to be a sure rem
edy. Persons that have been afflicted for yen.Tif
have been relieved by a few applications. F<jr Ery
sipelas it works wonders, allaying the inflamirmtlor
and quieting the patient. For Chapped Hands it
produces a euro immediately. Let those with Salt
Rheum obtain this Salve, and apply it freely, and
they will find it invaluable. It is good in cases of
Scrofula and Tumors. Cane ‘8 have been cured,
with it. The best Salve ever invented for Swollen
Breast and Sore Hippies. No way injurious, but
sure to afford relief. Sore or UVo/fc Eyes Rub it
on the lids gently, once or twice a day. Cures deaf
ness by putting in tho ears on a piece of cotton.
For Felons this is superior to anything knowu.
For Pimples this acts like a charm. For Burns
and Scalds, apply the Salve nt once and it gives
immediate relief. For Old Sores, apply once a
day.
Not among the least of the iflYal Upbjo f roporl ies
of Miss Sawyf.h’s Salve are its beneficial effects
on the hair. Rubbed on, the scalp, in fiVe or six
different parts, it promotes the growth of the hair,
prevents it turning grav, and on bald spots it pro
duces anew growth or nair. No lady should be
without this invaluable article as an indispensable
cosmetic for the toilet. It eradicates dandruff and
disease from the bead, and blotches and pimples
from the faco. 1
We, the undersigned, have been acquainted with
Miss Sawyer for many years, and believe ltd to bn
a Christian lady and a skilftil nurse, and having
used her salve in our families, it gives us great
pleasure in saying it le the best general medicine
we have ever used:
Rev. E. F. Cutter, John T. Berry,
Rev. W. O. Holman, Win, H TitcOmb,
Rev. Joseph Kalloch, Mrs. Chnrles'Snow,
Rev. George Pratt, Mrs. Alex. Snow,
Gen. J. P. Cillty and wife, Dr. E. P. Chase and wife,
Capt. J. Crocker and wife, J. Wakefield and wife,
Capt. David Ames and wife, Wm. Beattie and with,
Wm. Wilson and wife, Jacob Shaw and wife,
E. R. Spear, John S, Case and with. i
A. S. Rice, H. W. Wight and wife,
Geo. W. Kimball, Jr. (Mayor W. O. Fuller and wife,
of Rockland) and wife, Thomas Colson and wife,
Joseph Farweli, f Dca. Henry Ingraham and
C. R. Mallard, wile,
Ephraim Barrett, O. J. Conant (Postmaster of
Lcandor Weeks, Rockland) and wife,
Hon. N. A. Burpee, I K. Kimball and wife,
FranciF ''abb, William McLoon.
TO TnE AFFLICTED.
I your Druggist is out of the Salve, and neglects
to keep supplied, send so venty-flve cents as directed
below, and receive a box by return mail.
Put up in Large Boxes at 60 cents each
(nearly three times as large a the box rep aaented
above).- Prepared by AiISS 0. SAWVER, and
put up by L. M. ROBBINS, Wholesale”
and Retail Druggist, Rockland, Me.
A Trial Box sent free by mail on receipt of seventy
live cents, by L. M. ROBBINS, Rockland, Mo.
TOTS VALUABLE SALVE T 8 SOLD BY
ALL DEALERS IN MEDICINES.
8 O’CLOCK.
Igggggffl THEA- NECTAR
with the Green Tea Flavor. War
ranted to suit all tastes. For sale
mS~TtSSoIA' dT everywhere. And for sale whole-
Y iMSTifes. sale o ily by the Great Atlantia
C33i Pacific Tea Go.*B Church
St., New VorU P. 0 Box 5500.
REDUCTION OF FRIGES
To conform to reduction of duties.
GREAT SAVING TO CONSUMERS
BY GETTING UP CLUBS.
Send for our New Price List and a clun form
will accompany it, containing full direction*—making
a large saving to consumers, and remunerative to club
organizers.
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO.
31 and 33 Vesey Street,
P. 0. Box 5643. New York.
For Beauty of Polish. Saving of Labor,
Freenesa from Dust, Durability Cheap”
ness,truly unrivaled.
Beware o f WorjJilcss Imitations, under other names
but resembling ours in shape and color of Wrapper,
intended to deceive.
The Rising Pun Polish in bulk, for stove dealers
use at twelve cents per pound—tv nty-flve and fifty
pound boxes. “Cheaper than any other Bulk Polish
for nothing.”
MORSE BROS., Prop’rs.
CANTON, MASS.
lpiil)i Foß !B?i
OVER ONE HUNDRED PAGES.
Printed in Two Color*, on superb Tintko PArca.
Four Hundred Engraving* of Flowers,
Plants and Vegetables, with Descriptions, and
TWO COLORED PLATES.
Directions and plans for making Walks, Lawns,
Gardens, etc. The handsomest and best FLORA 1,
GUIDE in th® World. All for Ten Cent*, to
those who think of buying Seeds. Not a quarter the
cost. 200,090 gold iu 1871., Address
JAMES VICK,
Rochester, N. Y.
TO CONSUMPTIVES.
The advertiser, having been permanently cured of
that dread disease, Consumption, by a simple romrdy,
is anxious to make known to his follow sufteri-rs the
means of cure. T* all who desire it, he will send a
copv of the proscription used (free of charge), with
thed rectlons for preparaing and using the same,
which they will find a sube Cube fob Consumption,
Astiwa. Bbonchwis, Ac.
Parties wishing the address
264 gonth Tlririi Street, VrilUamiburglVN. Y.
DXTHR IDG E 7 M
XX FLINT GLASS
LAMP CHIMNEYS I
Stand Heat better thnn any other made.
Ak for Dithridge'S, and take no other.
See that our name I* on every box.
IJITHRIDGE SON, -Pittsbargrh, Pa.
gar Send for Price l.iwf.
AGENTS WANTED FOR THE
History of the
WAR IN EUROPE
It contains over 150 fine engravings of Battle
Scenes and incidents in the War, and is the only
FULL, AUTHENTIC and OFFICIAL history of that
great conflict. Agents are meeting with unprece
dented success, selling from 20 to 40 copies per day,
and it is publi hed in both English and German.
Fy A Inferior histories are being
-I lvJiN circulated. See that tho
book you ntry contains ISO fine engravings and *OO
pages. Send tor circulars and see our terms, and a full
description of the work. Address, NATIONAL PDB*
LLSHING CO., Philadelphia, Pa., Chicago, 111., or Bt.
Louis, Mo. __
Chicago 1™ Destruction,
A full and complete history ol Chicago,
ent and future. With gi'apidcscenes.Tnciden
details of the disaster, ny Goo■ P-b Pton an j
T.an, editors of the (.ticago Trtbune JfithoTer4,w
pn B a, and 50 illu*t ration*. out-
AGENTS WANTED.
Union Publishing Ce., t hfcago.
rupture
gaff asnaaSraiiaag
cases before now trait Beware of traveling im
poetersfwho pretend to have been assistants of Dr.
SHERMAN.
WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS,
please say yon saw the adverti*emenl
ln t aN P U Per Dec. 23.1871, No. 61.