KENOSHA. WIS.. OCT. 12, 1871.
e. fi,. 86l< HMO.M>,lx»calK<lllor.
■''steals
Ciiicttffo ’korlh Western R. H
TIJVIK r l ’ABLE
ARRIVE. DEPART.
fi.3o P. M. i Kenosha Aecommod’tn 4 7 <’o A. M
2\s A M Mail going South, 7-56 A. M
KPM: I Express 218 P. M
5 10“ J
qlO (Freight <9 13
1-10 A. M. (Night Pass. fl-19 A. M
ii)-o() A. M. Mail—going North 11023 A. Al.
ii 47 Express 11 50 AM.
7.5 P M I '7-8 P M
il 37 A. M. I Fr ’S ht I 11-40 a M.
Vol (Night Pass. <3 04
11.30 Western Division (3-15 P. Al.
Malls Close.
For rhe South and East, 7 30.A.M. 1-55.4 50,P.M
North, W 11-20 AM ,6-45
West, 245
Post office open from 7 a. m., to 8 p. m.,— Sun
day- from 12 to 1 o’clock, noon.
The refl* ction of Ihe terrible fire in Chica
go last Sunday night could be plainly seen
in the sky from our streets
Bristol depot and warehouse were con
turned by fire on Saturday. The buildings
were owned by Mr J F. Chase and were not
insured.
O
QuPe a number of roughs from Chicago
and Milwaukee were on our streets on Tues
day night last, but the greater part of them
were taken charge of by our Sheriff.

Truesdell’s new store s, on the old Halliday
House site, are rapidly growing up. Mr
Truesdell intends to make them a credit to
the appearance of that part of the city.
Daily arrivals from Chicago give fearful ac
counts of the doings of the roughs in that
city. Several have been hung or shot on the
streets for setting fire to the buildings. No
end to the robberies and murders committed
on the streets.

House Burned —A brick house belonging
to Mr. William Goffe, a short distance south
of the city limits, was burned on Monday
morning last. The building had long be< n
unoccupied, and it is impossible to tell bow
the fire originated.

The Coun y Convention at Bristol last
Tuesday nominated I. L. Johnson, of Somers
for Alember of Assembly. He is a good man
and we belirve his nomination will give gen
eral satisfaction throughout the county.
liemember! That cold weather’s coming
and even nov. it is often raw and chilly. Re
member, too, that the place to buy warm,
comfortable underwear isat Fisk’s, opposite
the Court House. I7tf
To Insurers. —From the best information
I can as yet obtain the Liverpool and Lon
don and Globe Insurance Company, and the
Lorillard Insurance Company of New York,
will both pay their entire losses in the recent
disastrous fires, and continue business as of
old. H. W. Greetham,
Agt. for above Co’s.
We were pleased to see the smiling coun
tenance of “Our Yankee,” Leonard Lee,Esq
in our sanctum on Monday last. Mr. Lee has
just returned from an extended tour through
the principal cities of Europe concluding
his trip with a run through the Holy Land
e -j*
Horticultural Notice.—The regulai
meeting of the Kenosha Horticultural Socie
ty will be held at S. Y. Brande’s office Mon
day evening, Oct. 16ih, at 7 o’clock. Subject
for discussion “Apple Culture in Wisconsin,
Retrospective,” to be opened by one of our
prominent fruitgrowers.
W. S. Flubkev, Sec’y.
Appeal to Kenosha County.—-The suf
ferers of Chicago must have food to keep
them from starvation for a few days until the
present excitement dies away and they can
do something to assist themselves. Let the
citizens of Kenosha County contribute from
their abundai.ee for thousands of their neigh
bors are starving. As far as possible send
everything cooked hams, cooked meats,
vegetables, bread, a barrel of apples—any
thing that will stay hunger. Carry the arti
cles to your railroud statious and they will
be brought to this city and forwarded. What
is done must be done at once.
Notice is hereby given that the Jury for the
next November term of the Circuit Court in
and for the County of Kenosha, in the State
of Wisconsin, to be held at the Court House
in the city of Kenosha, on Wednesday after
the first Monday m November, 1871, will be
drawn at the office ot the Clerk of eaid Court
in the city of Kenosha, on Saturday the 14lh
day of October, A. D. 1871, at two o’clock iu
the afternoon.
October 3d, 1871. L. B. Nichols,
2w19 Clerk.

Monstrous.—Mr. E. Cook of Somers, an
old gentleman ot some seventy years of age,
surprised us last Monday with a box, con
taining twenty-two mammoth peach-blow
potatoes weighing thirty-iwo pounds. Some
idea of their size may be had by
the remark of our imp; “Jerusalem! cut
one of them pn two and cook half of it for
the office Mr. Cook accounts for their re
markable size in this way—they were grown
on rich soil, and quite early in the season he
let his kens loose in the patch and they made
an exterminating war on the potato-bugs,
keeping it up every moruing as long as the
bugs remained on the grounds. As a huge
potato rtisest Mr. Cook is an immense sac
cess. He has our larger thanks.
Marshal law is reported to be proclaimed in
Chicago, and that Gen. Sheridan is in com
mand of 1,000 men and a large detachment ex
pected.
THE DESTRUCTION OF CHICAGO.
THE ENTIRE BUSINESS PORTION OF THE CITY
IN RUINS.
On Saturday night last a fire broke out in
Lull Holmes’ planing mill on Jackson
street, and destroyed properly to the amount
ct over a million of dollars, and covering an
area ot twenty acres Ou Sut day night at 9
o’clock the fearful conflagration broke oui
on the corner of Twelfth and DrKoven
stieets, and extended east across the river
and north, destroying nearly the entire busi
ness portion of the city, and taking iu Un
water works. which deprived the firemen of
water and they were forced to give up and
let the fire take its course Below we give a
list ot the principal buildings destroyed
The Journal office, the Tribune, the Times,
the Republican, the Post, I lie Mail, the Slants
Zeiiung, the Union, and many other publics
ti>ns.
Crosby’s Opera House,McVicker’s Theater,
Hooley’s Opera House,Dearborn Theater,and
Wood’s Museum.
First, Second Third, Fourth, Fifth, Union,
Northwestern, Manufacturers’, Cook County,
and Illinois National Banks.
The Second Presbyterian church,St. Paul’s
Universalist. church, Trinity (Episcopal)
church, the New Jerusalem church,ou Adams
street, and the Catholic church on Desplaiues
st reel.
The magnificent depot of the Chicago,Rock
Island and Pacific and Lake Shore and Mich
igan Southern Railroads, on Vac Buren sin ei
ui the head ot LaSal’estreet. Thegreat Gen
ual Union Depot, and the Wellsstreet Depot
of the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad
The National E evator. corner ol Adams
and the riwr. Armour, Dole Co.’s E'eva
tor, corner Market and the river, Hiram
Wheelers Elevator, on same coiner as the
above, the Galena E evator, corner Rush
street bridge and river, and “A” of the Illi
nois Central, near the Illinois Depot at the
basin Tremont, Sherman, Briggs, Matteson,
Metropolitan Palmer, Adams, Bigelow.Euro
pean, (Burk’s), Garden City, and the new Pa
citie in process of erection on Clark and La
Saile strt-eife —all the large hotels.
i he Court Hotfse, Chamber o' Commerce,
VV U. Telegraph office, Farwell Hull, Posi
office, Gas Works, Water Works, nearly an
I lie Bridges, all 'he depots except the C.
N W. on Kinzie street.
The fire broke out on the corner of DeKoven
and Twelfth streets, at ab ut ni..e o’clock on
Sund y evening, being caused by a cow kick
mg over a lamp in a stable in which a woman
was milking An al«rm was immediateh
given, but,owing to the high south west wind
the building was speedily consumed, and
t hence Hie fire spread rapidly. The firenit n
could not, with ail their efforts, get the mas
very ot ihe flames. Building alter building
was fired by the flying cinders, which landing
on the roots, which were as d r y as inder, ow
mg to ih- protracted dry weather, instantly
took fire. Northwardly and northeastward
'y the flames took their course, lapping up
house after house, block alter blocs, street
aner street, all night long.
The scene of ruin and devastation is be
yond the power of words to describe. Never
in the history of the world, has such a seem
ot extended, terrible and complete deal rue
turn, by conflagration, been recorded and
nevtr has a more frightful scene ot panic,
distress and horror been witnessed among a
helpless, sorrowing sutlering population.
It is utterly impossible, at. the first though l
tor the mind to fake in any concept ion ot ih<
fearful ravages or the fire-fiend, although the
abounding farts stated above arc enough to
appall the most heroic
At 1 o’clock, p. m.. Monday, the fire was
increasing in each division, and the citizen;
commenced to abandon the fated place. Pasi
R >se Hill, in wagons, on too;, and any way,
crowds were pouring along, and the scene
h-re was terrible. Parched with ihe heat,
weary with work, and sick at the loss of prop
ciy and friends, a bare looted, scantily clad
people were seeking shelter and a place to
quench their thirst At half past one, Lin
coin Park was in ashes.
First accounts slated that all the prisoners
tn ihe jaii under the Court House were burn
ed, but later dispatches contradict it. The
loss of life must be fearful and probably nev
•r can be told.
The loss of property is estimated at be
tween SSOO,OUO,OG(J and $1,000,000,000. A
great many of the sales buried in the ruins
will probably be found in good condition
when opened. Nearly all the newspapers
have commenced issuing their papers again
tiom improvised offices in various parts ot
the ciiy.
Various cities have responded nobly to the
call for food for the sufferers St. Louis
Milwaukee, Racine,Kenosha and other places
sending Hirge donations. On the arrival of
a tram from St. Louis containing supplies t wo
Urge wagons loaded from the train and went
out among the sufferers—one wagon bearing
the inscription Free Bread,” and the other
Fr« e Water.” An eye witness said it made
the tears run down his cheeks to see the haif
starved people crowding up to the wagons
for a bite ol bread and a drink of water.
Not a public office remains in the great city
i and the devastation seems perfectly complete.
Every store on South Waler street was swept
away. Seventeen vessels were burned, and
also all the large lumber yards on North
Point, except M. B Ogden’s. Not a hotel of
importance remains, and ali the bridges run
ning from South Water streei are g<>u<*. The
Twelfth and Eighteenth street bridges re
main Nearly all travelers stopping at hotels
lost their baggage,' either in the houses, or
by being obliged to abarfdon it on the street.
OTHER FIRES.
Peshtigo, Sturgeon Bay, and Minekaunee
and a Belgium settlement arc in rums, and
nearly two hundred persons burned to death.
Manistee is destroyed by fire. Loss estima
ted at $1,600 000, not one fifth insured.
'i he two Saginaws and other villages in
Michigan, are wholly or partly burned.
The Michigan woods are reported on fire in
every direct ion.
J< ilerson, Wis., has been nearly obliterated
by fire.
Holland, Mich.,was almost totally destroy
ed by fire the first ot this week.
Heli* for Chicago,—At a meeting of our
citizens at Simmons Hall last Monday even
ing committees were appointed to solicit sub
scriptions of food and money for the unfortu
nate people of Chicago who lost everything
by the fire. Mr. Slosson, the Express agont,
stated the company would transport dona,
tions Chicago without charge, and in a
very short time the expt css office presented
a lively scene—barrels of crackers, boxes of
bread and cakes, cheeses, hams, jars of but
ter, a quarter of beef roasted, &c., all col
lected after nine o’clock that evening, and
deposited in the office to be taken to Chicago
on the accommodation on Tuesday morning.
Are You Insured ?—lf not, insure imine
diately in the Liverpool and London and
Globe Insurance Company. Capital, surplus
and reserved funds, g01d—520,869,079.04; as.
gets in the United States, over $3,000,000 00;
daily cash receipts in gold upward of $20,000-
000. The shareholder? personally responsible
for the engagements of the company—all
directors are shareholders. In case of lon
the policies of this company are paid in cash
without deduction for interest, and as usual
sixty-days after presentation of proof. Poli
cies expire at 6 o’clock p. m., and not at noon
as is usually the case.
H W. Greetham, Agent.
Office on Mark* t square, opposite the post
office, Kenosha, Wisconsin.
PREMIUMS
AWARDED AT THE KENOSHA COUNTY MORTI
CULTURAL FAIR.
At the Horticullutal Fair held in Simmons
Hall on the 3rd and 4th ot this mouth the
lullowing premiums were awarded in the
several classes:
CZuis A—Fruit.
Judges—VV Gordon, E Pennoyer, P. Hutch
inson.
Greatest and best varieties apples, not
less than three each L Wood worth $2 00
2q best dip
Be*t five named varieties winter apples
S Gait 2 00
2nd bext C II Alien dip
Best named varieties summer and au-
tumn apples S Galt 2 00
2d L Woodworth dip
Best specimen ot single variety uot less
than 3 8 Gait G M
Best sample seedling apples, one or
more varieties Mr Derbyshire dip
Bust auu greatest variety pears, not less
than 3 each L Woodworth 2 00
2d best E Pennoyer clip
Best simile variety not less than 3 Mr
Derbyshire dip
Best sample Concord plums 8 Galt 1 U 0
2d best Mrs L Burgess dip
Best sample Delaware 100
2a best S Gait dip
Best sample other than above mention-
ed varieties 8 Y Braude—Roger* No
19 100
2d best lona dip
Best and greatest variety raised under
glabs W Gurdon 2 0U
2d best 8 Galt dip
Best single bunch of any variety raised
under glass W Gordon 1 00
Class B— Vegetables.
Judges—A Mason, J M Chase, C Cable.
Best, and greatest variety raised by W
Gordon 3 00
Best display of shell beans,this season’s
growtU W Gordon dip
Beat sample Lima beans Mrs J Sauber dip
Bust saiupie beets, not less than 3, lor
table use VV Gordon 60
Best variety beets grown by exhibitor,
lor table use W Gordon 1 00
Best specimen cabbage —single head C
Cable 25
Greatest variety oi kinds, single head
W Gordon 1 00
Best specimen cauliflower,not less than
three heads Mrs L Burgess 3 00
2d best VV Gordon dip
Best sampie carruts, »ot less than X
dozen, lor table use VV Gordon 50
Best sample celery, not less than five
heads W Gordon 50
Best sample sweet com X dozen ears,
VV Gordon 50
B«»t sample cucumbers, X dozen, Mrs
L Burgess 50
Best specimen musk melon single spec-
imen, 'C J Hannahs 1 00
Best specimen water me.on,single spec-
men, Mrs J buttbwr 1 00
Best sample onions, not less than X
peck, VV Gordon I 00
2d best M Dresser dip
Best sample parsnips, not less than X
dozen, lor table u&e, VV Gordon 50
Bust sample peppers, not less than X
dozen, VV Gord n 1 00
Best hail peek potato, s M Dresser 1 UU
Greatest and best variety potatoes, X
peck each, VV Cable 2 00
Best sample sweet potatoes, not less
than I peck, C 11 Alien dip
Best specimen salsify or vegetable oys-
ter, X puck VV Gordon 1 CO
Best specimen Hubbaid squash C Cable 50
Largest .>nd best specimen ol any other
variety than the Hubbard VV Gordon dip
Best specimen tomatoes, not less than
X Deck, W Gordon 1 00
2a uudi J Al Chase <*ip
Best specimen lurnips, any variety .not
less than 1 peca, for table use, W
Gordon dip
Best aud greatest variety of turnips W
Gurdon 100
Be«t ball peck peas in pod, W Gordon 5U
Best bull peek string beaus, 50
Class C —Flowers.
Judges—M. Dresser, J. B. Jilsun, Mrs. Geo.
Baldwin
Division I—Professionals only competing.
Best group green house plants not less
than live A Zetterstrom $3 00
2d best Mrs J M Chase 2 00
Best and largest variety geraniums, all
varieties included Mrs J M Chase 1 00
Best single specimen geranium A Zet
terstrom dip j
Best six varieties fugchia A Zetterstrom 100
d best Mrs J M Chase dip
Best specimen fuschia plant A Zeller-
s’ rom 00
2d best Mrs J M Chase dip
Best specimen heliotrope A Zetterstrom dip
Best live varieties variegated foliage
plant Mrs J M Chase dip
Best specimen variegated foliage plant
A Zetterstrom dip
Best and greatest variety verbenas Mrs
J M Chase
Best specimen oleander Mrs J M Chase dip
Best specimen petunia In put A Zetter-
strom 50
Bes hanging pot, vase or basket with
plants A Zetterstrom 59
Best and most tastefully arranged col-
lection of cut flowers Mrs J M Chase 100
Best display ot dahlias Mr J M Chase 100
Best pyramidal boquet Mrs J M Chase lOb
Best hand boquet A Zetterstrom 1 00
2d best, Mrs J M Chase dip
Best florai cross A Zetterst rom 1 00
Best floral wreath Mrs J M Chase 1 00
Best and largest collection cut flowers
Mrs J M Chase 2 00
Best table floral ornament, any design
A Zetterstrom 2 00
2d best Mrs J M Chase dip
Division 2—Amateurs only.
Best and greatest variety verbenas Mrs
S Galt dip
Best and greatest variety pansies Mrs S
Galt 100
Beet display of asters Mrs 8 Galt 1 00
Best display dahlias M Dresser 1 00
Beat and largest collection cut flowers
Mrs Galt 2 09
Best display of phlox drummondii Mrs
S Galt 100
Ciass —Ladies' Department.
Judges—W E Reed, Mrs L G Merrill, Mrs
L E Frarey.
Best specimen wax flowen Mrs N R
JAlen IQO
Bwst specimen artificial fruit Mn N R
Alien 1 00
Best specimen sealed fruits, including
all varieiies Mrs N R Alien 2 00
Best sample jellies 2 00
2d hist Mrs L Burgess dip
Best and greatest variety pickles Mrs N
R Alien 1 00
Discretionary Premiums were awarded as
follows
To Mrs J M Chase for a Wardian Case.
lor three vases with plants
To T L Whitbeck lor specimen stalk oi
dahlias.
To Daniel Knapp for a Wardian Case.
To A Zetterstrom for an Aquarian.
3 specimens Taberoscin pots.
A Call to tub Ladies of Kenosha.—
The ladies of Kenosha are requested to meet
at Simmons Hall tomorrow, (Friday) at 3
o’clock to effect an organization for more
united and systematic efforts to relieve the
Chicago sufferers. It is earnestly hoped
that .there will be a hearty resnonse.
LITERARY.
The Overland Monthly.—The October
issue of this magazine has reached us, and
again we must prondunce in its favor, this
number gaining additional interest by an il
lustrated introductory article on Tropical
Ca)Hornia,”from the pen of JosephinaClHTord.
The contents are exceedingly varied, and
while caretull retaining its characteristic lo
cal features, both of history and fiction, it
finds room to extend its researches into for
elgn land® under appetizing titles. We no
tice that Joaquin Miller, the new Califor
nia poet,” who has recently odtained such
favorable raen’ion at the hands of English
critics high m authoiity, contributes a prose
article entitled V On and About the Avon
and Mrs. Cooper is extending her well writ
en and instructive papers on “Ideal Woman
hood” into wifehood. Prentice Mulford also
nuts in an appearance, in a sober vein of
thought and a style peculiar to himself. Mis»
Coolbrit h’s name appears opposite a touching
poem entitled From Year to Year.” Fit
teen articles, “Etc.,” and Current Literature
comprise a moat readable number of this pop
ular magazine. John H. Carmany Co
publishers, No 409 Washington street, San
Francisbo, Cal. $4 per annum.
Oliver Optic s Magazine for October is
especially rich in its continued stones by Ol
iver Optie, Elijah Kellogg, and Sophie May
it has another chap er of the capital sketch
•‘Vacation in Petrolia; also, one of Gene
vieve’s popular “Proverb Poems,” a poem by
Mary N. Prescott, “Pigeon Hole Papers,” on
various topics, Head Work, Letter Bag, an
original “Nutting Song,” and stories, items,
instruction, and entertainment in great vari
ety This number is admirable in all respi cfs
and seems to us, like evey other number,
better than all that have preceded it. Pub
lished monthly by Lee Shepard. 149 Wash
ington street, Boston, at $2 50 a year.
Wood’s Household Magazine.—“ Onward
r’ght onward,” stems to be the aim of Un
publishers We thought it impossible io ex
cel the September number, but October, with
iti list of famous contribtuors and Its valua
ble reading, is a perfect gem, and we cannot
understand how so much real worthand mer
it, from such writers as Greeley, Parton.
Betcher, Gail Hamilton, etc., etc., can be fur
uished for only one dollar a year. The
Magazine is steadily increasing in public fa
vor, and we predict for it a brilliant future
for people are not slow in bestowing their
patronage where they can obtain the most lor
their money. Specimen copies furnished
Published by S. S. Wood Co., Newburgh.
N Y.
The Illustrated Christian We kly for
September 30,is an unusually good numberoi
this-excellent weekly. Asking a Blessing”
rom a painting by Prof. Jordan, is a sweet
picture of lowly life, exquisite in its design
and execution. Illustrations are given ot
Woodward’s Gardens,” the Central Park of
San Francisco. A biographical sketch with
portrait is given of “Dr. 11. L Manse),’* the
famous author. Prof. Baird contributes
mi illustrated article on “Count Raymond
and the Bishop of Toulouse.” The children’s
wants are attended to in the illustrated ar
ticle “The Two Umbrella Houses,” and other
sketches. The leading editorial, “Sowing and
Reaping, should be earefully read by everj
parent In the land.
Republican County Convention. —The
Republican County Convention met at Agri
cultural Hall, in Bristol, on Tuesday, Oct
10th. 11 A Newbury was elected chairman
and J. M. Stebbins secretary. Chairman ap
pointed as Committee on Credentials 8. E
Tarbell, A. Farr, and P H. Wood, who an
nounced the following delegates:
City of Kenosha—first ward; E. L. Rich
mond, A. Farr, Z. G. Simmons, (substitute);
second ward —Andrew Schollen (three votes)
third ward—J. M. Stebbins, 11. McDermott,
F. H. Wood; fourth ward—E. Pennoyer, B.
Simmons, E G. Timme, (suosiitufv).
Pleasant Prairie—R S Houston, S S Derby
shire, W M Derbyshire, (sub).
Bristol—S R Leonard, S E Tarbell, M D
Burt.
Salem—A D Cornwell, N M Burgess, L L
Owen.
Wheatland—A Patterson,L Fay,D E Pierce.
Brightoi|— J W Evans, Jno. llartuel l Jus.
Ward.
Paris—L W Thayer, II A Newbury, L Dut
ton.
Somers— Wm Stanbridgc, W R Stetson, L C
Carpenter.
On the fifth formal ballot I L Johnson', ol
Somers,was nominated for Member of Assem
bly, and on motion his nomination was made
unanimous.
On motion the same county committee was
appointed for the ensuing year.
The Races.—A number of our citizens yes
terday contributed between one and two
thousand dollars for the benefit of Milwaukee
sporting men. “Gipsy” got beat.
Our engine companies were out on Monday
afternoon last and wet down a number of
building# on Main etreet and Market square,
in which they were assisted a little later by a
shower of rain.
Entbhprise.—Among the firms burned out
in the terrible Chicago fire was that of Du
rant, Van Arsdale Co., late of this city.
They were cleaned out of moat everything
and on Monday night had engaged a lull set
of laborers to commence work on an-sw foun
dry. Men ol such indomitable pluck will
succeed.

Newton Booth, Republican candidate
for Governor of California, has an official
majority of 5,008. This is a gain since
the last election for Governor in 1867, of
12,636.
MARRIED,
HATLEY—JUDGE—In this city Sept. 28th, 1871,
by Rev "Mr. Clark, Mr. Valentine Hatley,fand
Miss Malvina M. Juuge, of Waukegan, 111.
THE MARKETS.
OFFICE OF THE KENOSHA TELEGRAPH.
Thursday Sep. 28 1871
Wheat $1.17 1-20
Barley 50>i70c
Flax 50a60c
Lumber —common 14
Fencing— 15
Lath $3
Cedar Posts 10 25c
A Shingles $3.75
Oats 28a30c
Corn 22a23c
Chickens $2a2.50
Turkeys 9aloe
Ecgs 10e
Butter ISm22c
Potatoes 50a60c
Beef s3a4livewt
Ualves s4aloeach
Sheep $3.00a4 50 ea<-h
Pork $5 dressed
CHICAGO MARKETS.
Wheat.. No 1 Spring sLlfi
Corn per bushel. 47c
Oats 29%c
Rye 61J4C
Barley 58c
Eggs per dozen 23c
Butter per lb 25c
-heese western factory.... 18%c
Chickens a.per dozen $3
I’tirkeys per B) 11c
°otatoes per bushel....- 55@65c
onions pe r dozen 15tf&2 c
Apples per barrel
SH .RIFF’S SALE.
By virtue of an execution issued out of the Cir
cuit Court in and for the County of Kenosha, State
of Wisconsin, in favor of Norman Clarke and
against Goods, <-battels and Real Estate of Orrin J.
Benedict, bearing date August 7th, 1871, to me di
rected and delivered, I have for the want of goods
and chattels to make the sum therein me tioned,
levied upon and taken all the right, title and inter
est which the said defendant Orrin J. Benedict had
ftn the 27th day of April, 1*71,0 a l-inyji ime thereaf
ter in or to all that part of the ea»i half of the west
half of’ection number eleven (11), Township one
(1) north of range twenty-one (21) east, which lies
north of the centre of the Kenosha, Rockford
Rock Island Rail Road in the town of Bristol in the
County of Kenosha and State off Wisconsin. Which
aforesaid property I shall expose and sell at Pub
lic Auction, as by lav/ directed, at the front door of
i he Court House in the city of Kenosha, on Friday,
the 24th day of November, A. D. 1871, at 10 o’clock
in the forenoon of that day.
Dated sheriff’s Office, Kenosha, Oct. 9th, 1871.
JOHN LUCAS,
Gw2o Sheriff of Kenosha' -ounty, Wis.
iebosha business cards,
the
KENOSHA WATER CTJIRU”.
AND
Homoeopathic Institute.
This old estabiishca ana well regulated Cure is
uow in better condition than ever forthe reception
patients. All available means are uspd fo»-the
ccessful treat mein ol
CHRONIC DISEASES.
Dr. Smith's Combination Health Lift has lately
>een introduced. Invalids and others are invi’ed
investigate its merits.
N A. Pennoyek, M- D E. Pennoyer,
33 Physician. Proprietor.

CROSIT, Blacksmith and Carriage Make)
iJTo Job woik none to order. New Buggies ano
Wagons always ready for sale. Wtf
Keuonha U Isconsin
a DA'» DICKFAUI, Shaving, Hair cutting.and
Saloon, two doors north oi R
bunions’ store. Old razors sharpened and repair
1 make Ladies' and Children’s hair-cutting a
pecialty, Come and try me- v2S lyl
-<3 YMAN SON. Manufacturers, Jobbers and
w d Retailers of Boots and Shoes, and general
dealers in Leather Findings, Hides, Skins and
Pelts, corner oi Main St. and Market Iyls
var E- REED. Deal rin Watches, Clocks and
Fine Jewelry. Millinery and Fancy Goods
Watches and locks repaired and warranted. Bon
nets and Hats bleached -nd pressed. lyJo
50 Main Street,
Kenosha wlscon9lD
(vOl* FiNS.
ANSEL MOON keeps constantly on hand a 1
-.he old stand at South Biistol the best quality ol
Heady Maae UoffinsWle also keeps a hearse which
ae cau supply when wanted. All k nds ol Cabinet
Ware and Chairs are also repaired by him.
South Bristol, April 251 h, 1871.
BtESEN BEDEsSEM, Manufacturers and
Dealers m ad kiudt us Furniture, bpring
Beds, Matiresses, Upholstered Goods, chamber
and Parlor Sets. Ready made Coffins always on
hand Shop on Wisconsin street.
Kenosna, June 2b, 1871. Jp
iVERY STaBLK.—Ben. Jewett is prepared tu
furnish the best Horses and Carnages lor
ons.ness or pleasure, on the shortest notice,
dearse al all times ready to attend funerals. Hl
Stable on Market Sq near the Post Office
kenosha Wisconsin
NEW JBAHIIOP.
M.DICKHOUT would inform thecitizen
ww oi Kenosha and vicinity that he has opened
a new barber shop over James Mathews'store,
where he will be found ready to attend all custo
merbin the lineoi shaving, hair-cutting, dyeing
shampooing etc. Give me a call and try me. 2
B. CAPRON dt CO., cormr of Main and
2% Pearl st., have constantly on hand all kinds
oi iresh Family Groceries, Flour, Feed, Ac. W ill
sell as cheap as can be bought at any other eslab
iishment in the city. The highest cash price paid
for all kinds ol country produce.
Goods delivered to all parts oi the city. -11
a BELLOWS CO., No. 3 Klmball’B Block, Kono
ML sha, Dealers m staple and Fancy Dry Goods,
Yankee Notions, Carpets, Oil Cloths, &c., <fcc
None but. the best quality of goods purchased,and
those sold as cheap as at any other House in the
city. Kenosha, tept 12, 1867. Iyls
JOHNSON’* BOOK STORE.
No. 50 Main Street. A full and complete
assortmentof School Books, also Standa dand mis
cellaneous Books. Writing and Wall Paper. Sheet
Music, and various articles of the trade.
8. C. JOHNSON.
Kenosha, Sept. 12th, 1567. Iyls.
rjTAHNEN BROTHERS, No. 72 Main St. Kenosha,
Merchant Tailors. We keep constantly on
ihmd a well selected stock of cloths, Gents Fur
nishing Guods, Ready Made Clothing, Hats at/
Caps oi the latest styles. Work done and good
»oid as cheap as at any other establishment in th
e'ty. Kenosha, Oct. 8,1857. H’} 9
Harn ess shop.
Main St. Kenosha,
flic subscriber would respectfullyinform the pu>
lie that he keeps constantly on band a fullasso
inent of goods in his line. Harnesses, Sudan
&c.. made to order. Also, all kinds of repairii
done on short notice and at reasonable rates.
Kenosha, Sept 5. Tnos. English
o EAT Market. Main Street, Kenosha, W 1
ii The choicest of all kinds ol Meats, Salt rou
Corned Beef, smoked Hams Sausage, c
constantly on hand. Pricesalways reasonable.
Kenosha, sept. sth 1867.
J. Enclesj Bru.
Dew EY RUSH.General Dealers in
stoves of alldeecriptions, zinc, sheet iron,hol
low ware, nails, brads, door hangings. suoi.pow
ier.&c., &c. Everything usually found in anrst
c;asß hardware store constantly on hand ana soiv
as cheap as the cheapest. _
51 Main street Kenosha, Wis.
AB. TRUESDELL, Auctioneer, Kenosha, Wis.
The patronage of the public is solicitedi
Bverything in bis line attended to in town or
country
DO *N, dealer in Dry Goods, staple and Fan
n? F y G od8 a’ l kind of Cloths. Ready Mad.
Mothing, Gents Furnishing Goods, Hatt and -Japs.
&c &c ’J V e remembered that we keep
nothing but first-class goods, and further. I will
not be undersold in this or any other western city.
Kenosha, Sept. 12(1)1867. lym
SKimLall’s Block, Main st. Kcnosna Wis.
O O GOTTFREOSEN, No. 76 Main St.. Keno
s ha. General Dealer in Wi/chi s, Clock sand
Jewelry. Cutlery, silver and plated ware, musical
instruments. &c. I have secured the services o_
one of the most skillful workmen in the
enabling me to do all kinds of repairing on short
notice and in tne most satisfactory manner ’’ohic
n and examine mv s’oek. American watches
sold at very small profits.
Kenosha. Oct 10, 1867. lylfl
WHIT iKER CO., itfr nufacturers of
Lt <ard sPatent Seamlessßkeins -’team
engmesandl boilers, and all kinds of Machinery.
Also 81eigh»hoes.Cauldron Kettles,Sash Weights,
&c. Repairing done to order We have** bought
rom the general agent. 8. 3. Drum, the extras be
tigifig t«j the Screw Power R< aperand Mower
d willdt ipairsupon thesame and also on any
•‘.’•mach es now in use.
H ANDRE Manufacturer, Wholesale and Re-
tail Dealerin Cigars, Plug. Cut, Chewing,
I obacco.Snuff Pipes &c. Hiscigars
are all imide from best qualities of domestic and
imported tobacco, and sold tot e trade at [owes
cash rates. Also, constantly on hand some fin
Meerschaum pipes. Orders prompt!?filled. Bas
uient Lyman’s building, corner of Maia and Ma
xet Streets.
igYRON A. BaKER, Attorney and Counsellor at
Law. Rea) Estate Agent and Justice of th*
Peace, Conveyancing and Collection oi Claims
•rompHy attended to on liberal terms. Office ik
timball's Block, cor of Main and Park Sts tylv
ienosha. Wisconsin.
WARBGfC WORKS.
ELTTGyGrINTS \XAASIII3U7 LtLNT
Kenosha and fUcine, W is.
Monumental and Gravestone work executed in
the higheststyle of the art.
lyK' R. F. ROBERTS. Aeent.
OAK »ANITAfIm’M.
a Homeopathic and Hydropathic institut< for
the treatment of Lady patients Proi H. P.
G >tche)lconsulting physician Address Mrs. A.
M.Gacchell, M. D Drawer 46, Kenosha. w is. Dr.
Gatchel) will treat chronic diseases by letter 51
|>REMIUM HARNESS AND ’ADDLE SHOP.
LIMPERT BEHNKE, Manufacturers and
Dealert- in Harness, Saddles,Trunks, Buffalo Robes
ind Blankets, Whips &c.
Particular attention paid to Carriage Trimming,
39Main Street, First Door north ofsimmons’Store.
Kenosha, Nov. 14.1867. 40
A. BURG,
Has removed his Barber Shop to No. 21 Main St
first door north oi Thos. English’s sh«p. which
buildingheha’tnorobghly renovatvd and fltr< don
in the best possible manner, and where he wi] 1 be
happy to meet his old customers, al] who require
his services in the art t.onsorial.
Kenosha. April 6, 1871. 4
YU A. MILLER. General dealer In
Watches, Clocks and Jewelry.
44 Main Kenosha.
W atches Clocks, and Jewelry repaired wit
promptness ana in a worumanliKe manner, ly’4
FOR THE MILLION Al) who desi
Denta] operations will find it to theii inrerett
to call on me unless they wish to pay a premium
for BIG PRETENTIONS ISAAC GEORGE.
Kenosha, Sept 21,1868
Book Binders, blank
book manufacturers and paper rulers: special
attention paid to Binding. Music Magazines &c
KT ntr o^‘^ hrnu^h Strickland* Co.’s store’
No BS3 East Water st., Milwaukee, Wis
°^tf S mar bC lelt St S C- JchneoD 8 bookstore
fvALLACE *IIYGArEZ]\Te.
VV tioneer. Agent of the Madifiot; Mu
tua) Insurance Company. Agent oi the Inuman
line of Mai) Steamers Liverpool and New York
Also.the London and New York, and Nev York
and Glasgow steamers, and the New York and
Bremen steamships. ’yl9
Kenosha, ct.lo
Special Notices
BURLINGTON.
Leaving the East and arriving at Chicago o
Indianapolis, how shall we reach the West
The best line is acknowledged to be the C B.
Q., joined together with the B &M Rail
road by the Iron Bridge at Burlington, and.
caLed the Burlington Route.
The main line of the Route running to Oma
ha, connects with the great Pacific Roads,
and forms to day the leading route to Cali
fornia. The middle Branch, entering Nebras
ka at Plattsmouth, passes through Lincoln,
the State Capital, and will this year be finish
ed to Fort Kearney, forming the shortest
route across the Continent by over 100 miles.
Another branch of the B. M., diverging at
Red Oak, falls into a line running down the
Missouri through St. Joe to Kansas City and
all Kansas. Passengers by this route to Kan
sas, see Illinois, Southern lowa, and Missouri,
and, by a slight divergence, can see Nebras
ka also.
Lovers of fine views should remember the
Burlington Route, for its towns “high gleam
ing from afar”—its tree-fringed streams —its
rough bluffs and quarries—its corn-oceans
stretching over the prairies further than the
eye can reach.
Laud-buyers will be sure to remember it»
so they have friends among the two thousand
who have already bought farms from Geo. S,
Harris the Land Commissioner of the B.
M. R. R., at Burlington, lowa, or among the
four thousand home-steaders and pre-emptors
who last year filed claims in the Lincoln land
office, where Uncle Sam is rich enough to
give us all a farm.” 1y45
ALL OF KINDS
.1013 WORK
Executed on the most icascnable termoj.
AT THIS OFFICE*