Business Directory.
OFFICIAL IMRIm-'TOKY.
l u i gt o.f circuit (y>urt-j r Mu
/Wm!’ ''"Mrf— Wm M to.'Ufut
Fr^aiurer—K. K
William oLoAI L
U 3 <>t f rof jA h H h MIS «b
of Circuit Aw rß— David 8*
County <trrk—J. M A VT V‘” gssM ;(P 0. Glenllw-n)
fVn hlSujurviincf-S (P 0 Bloomington)
•W« oj L\, 7i[ t PbttortU.
r„. n„os 11 Uneotw)
rib K.-T Plcli>yvUl W
W I>. DEWEY,
'TORF'FY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
LANCASTER. U IS,
(Offoe in the N<w Rank Building)
|'i< mini -h ail the Court’, buys and Mil* land*, and
Bl ak<-» -pecialty of rollwtlny. and nwuring <daim«.
January I, 1-71.
BARBE I* A CLEMENTSON
t TfORNBYS and COCN.-ELOJIB at Law. Uncartt-r,
.1 Wi« Will pn> ti< in *l’. St»t» comi will buy
a«l ...II |.,ml- p.y tax— Mainland pat«»t., Loun
t: pmi.ii n. i» nd ut lior rlaiiii.- again*! th* Ona t. 21-24
WAT. W LIKENS,
»i, r to Cold. A Likens.)
TTORNEV .in I COUNSKLORat Law, Min-ral Point,
A Fi< Pratt, Ilia I' S m l Hiata court* and
nd-. t>, u<i. H and 'dl* »l< I«in »H parti of the
Plate .uSii .-iii t,*-naluun'» i k. opp. P-<). 22-43
JOHN M. ROUNTREE,
TTORNFY S'MEt.uK AT LAW piatt-ril'e.
A Wi< 11'11' W ill j r.K to ill »n th< 'Uru of thia
Stat.-and Northern Illiu<d». i _
GEO C H’ZELTON.
TTitllN EV wild COtN’EI'iR -t Ltw. Bacol-I,
WlK.oll’ill-
XV M. A HTER.
4 I ftillNKY and COUNSELOR Law, Plaltaxille,
Wi» ouairt. Oil). over tlm P. inlt. 22-30
W, BRADLEY CLARKE,
\noKNKV and COUNSELOR at Law and Notary
Put.Ur, llioomington. Wlr. All legal bnaln<'«x
..til Httel.d.d to (olhiti na made and loans
u..g.,t'at ..L
bkiTl <v hi- bi;,
iTToItNF.YS md COUNSELORS at Law. and gan
.1 l.ariti-rs agent Platte.lilt', Wis 22-.IO_
XV A RDI'.N A N KEILSt >M,
tTToRNEY and t OUN. 4 ELOR at Law, Jainasfown,
A W la. Will pl nt. claitaa and make collec-
I t>-promptly. 22-80
BUSHNELL fit CLARK,
4 HURNEYS and I OUNSKLOKB at Lan. G. iiT Col-
A I• ti"» and Land Agta, l.ania-t.-r, Wis. 22-30
4 l.f. KINK.’ op LEGAL BLANKS for aula at the
A Ifta*in offiiw.
ABSTRACT 01’1 ICE
forgibnt county,
JOSEPH BOCK. LANCASTER
Ittti in Hauk P.ni'diug. up »Uir«.
<22-N)
.JKSSI-l BR<»< liv'd,
/IENEUAI ol 1.1? TIN') AIIENT imd' ONVEV-
I| in 11l iniiigt.m, Via Titles Investigated and
p rfe. i lie u .11 pr. niptly attended to. Beier
i 11. a given when d’ -‘red 21-23
J-. ft. SNECLODE,
VOTARY l-I. BLIC, Claim Agent, and Agent for
,N .rd ..f tie I t Life and File insurance Com
panies 111 Hie entry. Also l.u ti».-d Am tmneer. All
I,mu eutrii-t. d t>. Inin will f»- promptly attended
t... at Canville, Wl 21-17
CAFIRtER HOUSE.
HI t ABItIEIt I lister, «"■«<d«d.M is. M.alsprn-
I vi I. dI i.,),. ,’.,r time, and patr»M assisted with
I. tggag... Promptm s. ami m. delays at tho Carrier
II us-. Slaldm;: alls. had. _
hoi st:.
I’ B Pil El.l’B, pioprietor, Lancaster, Wis Having
I Im null’d tile new three st .ry Lin k hotel on the
old lid, 11 ortier, lam prepared to liecoiimiudata guests
ri i.mi.i'dy. Booms well furnished and tibia well
provided Atfipla stable aicoinimHiati'.us. 22-30
I.AN< Xs'l’Elt 11 1 ’USE,
I LtEHERNKAM (,m ,—-or U. C .1. Hyde), pro-
1,, pit-tor. Lnua-tor, Wh. I bis house lias been
i< iiirinsiied through nt No pains spired for the ac
i mmodatl >n "I gm'Sl’ T dee well provided. Stab Big
n'ta< bed and attentive h ..tiers. 23-22
UNITED STATES HOTEL.
b. IJ>K pr«>pri« t ;i, Dini uh. 11l m.<r
fl boat Liin Ung hihl r l»« pvt <4«ner»l
I ofti o foi DbUtevilh*, L un .ihrau>< p-ii.ts Kant.
jjitiAt'hiig in eonn.’t ti<»n with th<» h"h‘l.
PLATTEVILLE HOTEL,
VG. I> STI F.IH ER, cornel I Mill tal u.d Second
I) ti.-els, Pla ti ville Wis. U I stabling aud at-
t nine ho»tler«. Sample ro.mi.attn u.d
<.’ATt;s iiocsi;,
A. HATKS, preprint -r, Platteville.' Mi«. Tlii»
new hotel is slim,ln IOUHt or Oak St 2 do. IS
e nth ol Mam II I’ newly Im nisbe.i and lilted up in
I i i be.. -i vie. Oo ..I Sampl* KmunamlStal.lingat
t tn. nmi'.i, s walk from the ,|,.p. t. I id
per day 22-2
BLOOMINGTON HOVEL.
<IME W'lol'll'H I", |.r..|.ri.t r. («u< "»»"t to ll.tr
P i) ll'. .bin it..t>, Wi- It -ii, in I .ml.-i.au4 i
.1:.. Ii 22-30
HLAKK. C HOUSE
k F I’.I.AKFI.V |-r pii.'i iHrlingt n Win. This
I I. I. I. 1., nr..-nth ill u .'•'iiunit ri'furi.islunl
111 u, it, .Uni I not «-»i..|n .1 l.v .ms ill he western
111 I-, -t .1 A.. M I I.illianl ball and livery *U
-1,1. „tt. I. 3'4-M
II W SMITH. M. D,
I >ll V.-li It s Hl’ltuFoN tlllleu ut te«i.loticc, 2
.1 el II" 1 1 Uei.it: town. Grant
...m.ty, Wi* a 3>i
DR. A. H. BARBER,
tIHV'II'IAS .in 1 .»V IIG IN I.Hiiciwter Win .main.
Olli e .ll 11. I "i'lell. I>l>p. -lie I,ell .1 Alien Bir.
I er a -1 43
D. W. CARLEY. M. D.
nIIVHIi'I.VN vvn Hl IIiIEON. 11.. K.. bel.Urxut c< nnty,
I Wi n-in. 0t11.... nt hi. leafilvnee 22-3''
DR. P. A. CLARKE,
IJIIYSICIAN Itti'i BVRGKON. hull" inter, Grant Co.
I Wh Mat 1... r>'.l:.| «t Im resnliu'e 200 yiril»
we,t..f.l nea‘ Hing Store. 22-10
DR. C. F F ALLEY,
|>II V.’lt’l AN and sriICEON till l’en.i.,ll Kxair.inln?
I mu,: i, l,nn. ..let, WK. Olli over Meyer'*
atom, 20-21
II A Mina U. bier It M. Ohtm, I’reat.
Ist NATIONAL BANK
OL BOSCOBEL,
i.itwr i oi xi’y. Wisconsin.
in i■:< .s
11 st. iftrn, V >rt J ..n it wn.Kfß,
i ii .uu i tut run »i> el.,
.so, r nii.i'! ihim', niLi.laMNei.mr,
rr lii«.n ta <1 ■n> i I tluiiku-x Hit«itie-« Imy and sell
i. teli.'ivir He. 11l It ‘l, Fi'.el, Bullion. Sc.—
|i< i« .In t in all tlii.|iii. t .»l.ilii,..t Germany,
KnuUnd. Ir 1,in.1. He .Iml.- in lin i' i,., Frsnce, Italy
11.. .0 ill I I tuatraltn .'j.. :al attention glren to
tiie oil-. ii-ei ..t in -niv- m l I' t’.n-m lureijn conn-
Fel.i n t -I, n.l 22-3 Mt
THE BANK OF BOSCOBEL
la i.I t<> do a general
Banking anc Exchange Business:
Bt’l an.l tell t*‘ ISuv> i Bond*:
pi -a. y.t re IMm” nd transact ill
i ••iitnwL it" it- hr 'an Letters of
t I'.lit i h c pm if .i B and Bank
Ktn* f »i he Oi it ,AKt*ncj fur the Al LEM
i k <»r Sr< t hvl /runt Kurupu. Through tick-
et* n out
Lm-rp.- I i I iH i.ditrj to IL-.sd.rl. Wm. |52
Antwerp, tt’2 2’
ILtmbiii .;.Ai i-'tr i l ii.i, RottetidAtu 62 00
Christian i m<l J 41.0 iiii£»*r <9 00
A hb» ral di-eotint h »m the above latp* will be al
l"VTiwl wh»»a fanulv t» kt ti» are pun hA*rd.
F M SI’ADEN
RYLAND HOLLOWAY,
JB .A. ISTIC HR.-A
Anti Dealers in Exchange,
I. NNCASTKH, WIiCONSIN,
»>CV .11 -'ll Eiat.rn F h.mge, U. 14 and Srl'ar
ind ii eminent It 'inl« Stea!-., draw Foreign
Fx hii..n m C, Fiaiea and Thal.r*. on Rritain.
Finn .an Itleitnaiiy Al-' |'irii. nlar attention given
turtle paviiiont at Tax mil tiotia ni.ie and pro
el. niptly remitted. K-» »tan pa of ail da.
I. >miu itieua a 22-3
HODGES McCARN,
IANKL'.HS jDEAIFRS in exchange
\Nl> GUI KRSMKN l' 'f I II'IKS.
Ph; mtu-ii, Wtay.ittatx
Par tall Ur attention given t C I t: an i pro-
rotnpt'v rviuitt d a -t payment
Isl'ltT I.V
t| -ii i'! a< N V I t ...-ri ii. Nevr Vrk
a N it I n K. I’lm ig 1 l »li ’ll.*', t'alik f Uak-M
wiiiivv. rti'Mrnats w. u clank.
HUMPHREY CLARK,
BA.NICKKH
BI.ik’MINUTON. WISCONSIN
lat’i AND Mil '.’il> VM> GGVKRNNKNT
K ndvatil E.-toin Ft Prompt atten
tion gt ven V I- ir,t.aiil the pay-
hint ..t 111 .-0,. V. I i" 1:..,n, neg .t la-
te! Ads.iii.'.v lade up ll <vpro< t untie*, lu-
I ir.t illvw.4 on »1' al .1-1 "itv at 1 i,t current
rati a 22-4Mf.
WM. LEOB,
MERCHANT TAILOR,
BLOOMINGTON, wis.
FUITt* made up to urit. r aee. rding to the Lateet
Style, iUrticuUi attention pml tv cutting garment*
Perfect tit warranted.
K.YIK FCS’ M< iI»EKATK.
Hlo.>minj«< n Wi« June 27. laTu. 22-2F'tf
TEORGE T. WALKER,
Uwil U*nt for frint. I »i A hhplt* CoMties for
HOWE SEWING MACHINE,
Ft maay, kering, Gn-. »tun, Fuller d Coa
PIANOS, PRINCE’S ORGANS ANO MELODEONS,
•a-. LANC ASTER. WISCONSIN,
ESTABLISHED IN J 843.
B^B -VOL. 29, NO. 35.
SOUTH CAROLINA KU-KLUX
The Appearance and Statements of Those In
ustudy In Columbia
[From the Columbia Pboiaix
We, y esterday, by permission of
Deputy Butts, paid a visit to the
Ku*klux confined in the county jail
Nineteen ofi.hr prisoners surrender
ed voluntarily to the Marshal. They
belonged to the small farmer class,
none of them are more than thirty
years of age, ami several are not over
eighteen. The faces indicate a low
grade of intelligence, but there i-.
not one really bad-looking face
in the part)’. In fact, they belong
t-> a type made familiar to Northern
soldiers in the squads so often easily
cup' ured toward the close of the war.
Men who were driven like sheep in*
to tiie Confederate army, and who,
when safely penned up at Point
Lookout, were in no hurry to be ex
changed. it is doubtful if one of
them over owned a slave, or had an
interest in the institution. They are
a class whose physical characteris
tics may be found in any farming
district in the North, but whoso con
dition of social subordination is un
known. For generations they have
been led by the “gentlemen” of their
section, and have never been used
to eoinider political acts from a
moral stand-point, or thinking of a
personal responsibility in such mat
ters.
They speak with an astounding
simplicity of acts which may send
them to the Penitentiary for years;
they assert that they were forced to
join the Klan or bo whipped they
hope to sec it suppressed, and peace
and order secured in their county.
They think that they ought not to
bo severely punished, while the load
ers are suffered to escape. 1 hey
profess a willingness to supply all
necessary information to secure the
arrest and conviction of the leaders.
One of the party said that he was
willing to suffer an imprisonment if
afterwards he might be allowed to
cultivate h'S farm in quietness, with
neither Kil-khix nor soldiers to
trouble him. He said, however, that
it dischargt now he would be afraid
to return to Spartanburg, unless pro
tected by the presence of United
Stales iroopit. In this all who had
sui'rtoid'jred concurred. They were
sure that if the leade s were caught,
convicted, and severely sentenced,
Ku-kluxisii. would be killed oil, but
that ttiero must not be a conviction
ot a tow unknown and poor men uud
theii sttin.
From the interview toe impress
ion was gained that the leaders have
studiously put forward these dupes
to do the work of the Klan, while
they have sought to remain in safe
ty. Few of those prisoners ever at
tended a eeting where the leaders
were present. When a raid was de
termined on, ten of them would ic
ceive either written or verbal orders
to meet and execute the orders. It
a man was whipped the execution
ers knew nothing of his offence.
Each of the ten gave the victim a
proportionate number of lashes, and
n >t seldom they were lightly laid on
by men who had little heart in such
pii'ceedings. Generally, however,
frequently punishment was inflicted
upon a luke-warm Klansman.
A Train of Misfortunes —The
Sioux City Times in speaking of Mr.
Wellman and family of four children,
sufferers by the fire in Chicago and
now in Sioux City, gives a sad recit
al ot his misfortune in the last two
years. Two years ago Mr. W. was a
merchant in Utica, New York. At
this time his warehouse was burned,
containing 85 000 worth of goods.—
About one month afterwards a child
fell into the cistern and was drowned.
The death of the child produced in
sanity with the wife and mother, and
the day the child was buried she
committed suicide by cutting her
throat. Hardly were her remains
eold ere the fire fiend again visited
him, and his store was burned to the
ground, and his son was crippled for
life in his endeavors to extinguish the
fire, Gast January he removed to
Chicag open d a store and was do
ing well. In March he was again
burned out, losing his store and house
hold goods. Again he started busi
ness, and the big tire swallowed him
up entirely. He is now looking for
a home in the far west.
Horrible Cruelty.—The Lanca
shire papers report an almost incredi
ble case* of wife torturing from the
neighborhood of Bolton. A collier,
uamed Bradley, having some grudge
against his wife, locked the doors of
the house so that she could not escape,
and then incited a large bull dog to
worry the unfortunate woman. The
details of her frantic struggle with
the brute which were given in evi.
deuce before ’he magistrate, are un
speakably horrible. She was savage
ly bitten in many places by the dog,
her husband <loing his best to shut
her off from al! chances of escape.
At la-t, torn and bieeding, she escap
ed from tiii' house, and Bradley was
given to custody. A surgeon stated
he feared that at one time the woman
would die, and several weeks must
elapse* before she could be pronounc
ed completely out of dinger. Never
theless. Bradley escaped with a sen
tence of imprisonment for six months*
London Times.
jP#’The Chicago Post indulges in
some regrets that Grand Duke Al
exis cannot see Chicago as she was.
It is eonsolt*d, however, that there
are two curiosities saved from the
ruins, worthy of exhibition in the
museum- ot the future One is Mrs
Leary’s cow, which has the credit
of kicking over the lamp which set
the citv on fire. The other is the
post office cat which saved herself
j by getting into a pail cf water which
she bad carried into the post office
vault. Alexis ought to be satisfied
©rant C'ountn ijcrallt.
Writers and Talkers.
llazlitt says in one of his essays
that few persons can he found who
write aud speak equally well. To
hear deliver un oration is one
thing; to read it the uexL morning
in a newspaper is quite another thing,
even when the newspaper report is
accurate, which does not often hap
pen to be the case. The glowing
words, which so thrilled us the night
before, somehow do not seem to glow;
we have the husk, the cold corps® ot
the lecture the soul has flown. The
fire, the grace, the music of the flu
ent periods have been lost some,
where between the orator’s lips and
the printing-office. The thing served
up to us in formal, rigid type, is not
at all like the thing that was spoken
It will bo hard for posterity to un
derstand how this man time after
time held thousands of his contem
poraries breathless and entranced by
the magic of his words. The words
themselves are tame enough; look
ed at in the broad daylight their
magic is nowhere discoverable.—
“Here is what he said,” says posteri
ty turning over the portly volume
in half-calf; “it must have been no
difficult matter to ‘fire the heart’ of
our forefathers.” There is what he
said, to bo sure, but not the way he
said it. That was a quality which
could not be preserved and trans
mitted.
Great orators who are not also ex
cellent writers are very indistinct
historical shadows of the generation
that follows them. Their published
speeches, lacking literary attraction
and dealing with questions that no
longer have significance, fail to ex
cite the power which the speaker
wielded, The great actor who leaves
no tangible record of his genius, has
a decided advantage over the mere
orator. The tradition of the actor’s
voice, manner and presence is asso
ciated with works of enduring beau
ty. Turning to the immortal pages
of the dramatist we can picture to
ourselves the greatness of Garrick or
Siddons in this or that scene, in this
or that character. It is not so easy
for the imagination to conjure up
the impassioned orator from the pag
es of a dry and possibly illogical ar
gument in favor of or against some
long-since exploded measure of gov
ernment. The laurels of an orator
who is not a master of the literary
art wither very quickly, unless his
career is linked with important
events.
To come back to the point, from
which we have strayed somewhat,
it is worth noting how few authors
who have written well have also
been good speakers. We do not
mean public speakers, but talkers
in society and private life. As a clast,
literary men do not shine in conver
sation. The brilliant and playful es
sayist whom you picture to yourself
as the most genial and entertaining
01 companions, turns out to be the
most shy and untalkable individual,
who chills you with his reticence
when you meet him at Mrs. Leo
Hunler,s conversazione. The poet
whoso delightful volume you always
drop into your carpet-bag on your
summer vacation —the poet whom
you have so long desired to know
personally—is a moody and abstract
ed young gentleman, who doesn’t
catch your name on introduction,
and who seems the embodiment of
the common-place. The witty’ and
ferocious critic, whom your fancy
had painted as a blood-thirsty liter
ary cannibal with a morbid appetite
for tender young poets on the half
shell, —the writer of those slashing
and scholarly reviews which you
never fail to read—this critic, wo
say, destroys your illusion by ap
rearing before you as a personage of
slender limb aud deprecating glance,
who stammers and blushes and
makes a painful exhibition of him
self when you ask his opinion of
“The Glees of Gulches,” by Popocat
apeti Jones, the new American poet.
Who that has chanced to meet his
“favorite author” has not been dis
enchanted in some such shocking
manner? Who has not been, at least
a little disappointed? Now and
then you will meet a man of letters
whose conversation is as happy or
learned as his writings; but good
talkers are generally not authors.—
“We find,” says an eminent English
essayist, who was also an eminent
talker, “that the greatest authors of
ten make the worst company in the
world and again, some of the live
liest fellows imaginable in conversa
tion or extempore speaking, seem to
lose ail their vivacity and spirit the
moment they set pen to paper.”
A man can not excel in every
thing. Lt is expecting too much to
expect a novelist to be as clever as
the clover people in his novels.—
Writing and talking are arts as dis
tinct as music and painting. The
talking mind and the writing mind
have been admirably defined by Ba
con “Some minds are proportion
ed to that which may be despatched
at once or within a short return of
time others to that which begins
afar off and is to be won with length
of pursuit.” The habit of writing
with care and reflection is destruct
ive of the readiness of thought aud
expression req ured in conversation.
Literature bas turned out sonu not
able bad talkers, the worst of whom
was possibly Corneille, who did not
even speak correctly the language of
whien he was so skilful a master.—
The prattling-loe was com
pared by a gentleman who passed an
evening in his company, to “a silent
parson in a tie-wig.” Dryden said
of himself, “My conversation is slow
aud dull, my humor saturnine and
reserved. In short, 1 am none of
those who break jests in company or
make repartees.” Literary men who
find themselves constrained and un
talkable in general society, may fall
back on some very respectable prec
edents.—Every ‘nrday.
AWAKE UPON ALL SUBJECTS: NEUTRAL UPON NONE.
LANCASTER, WISCONSIN, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER H, 1871.
The Lord’o Prayer.
AU the things you need for your
fielf. >rf>r your children, traced back,
are found, in the r initial forms, i i
this Lord’s Prayer. This is a birth
right prayer, belonging to every
man. A gate it is, through which
every living soul may pass. Each
petition is a separate gate. Aud be
yond is an infinite variety of blessed
things. These gates open, as it were,
into a garden where are growing
fruits and flowers in wonderful pro
fusion. Endless diversities of thingH
are there: and all of them are ap
propriate to the utterance of this
prayer.
Who may pray it? Every one.
May the pirate pray it, on his
bloody deck If ha can, he may
May the murderer pray it while the
noose is yet swinging and waiting
for his neck If he desires to, be
may. May the reeling debauchee, re
turning from his night's excess, and
wearied and jaded and depressed,
pray it If he bas a heart to, he may
May the man who bus been overcome
again and again by the temptation of
the world, who still is standing in
the presence of bis conqueror (th
sin that doth so easily beset him),
and who is ashamed that ho is s of
ten carried away—may he, with a
full consciousness of his wickedness
and insincerity, and broken promises,
and worthless life and sinful heart,
pray If he desires to he may. M<y a
man before he is converted call God,
Father? There is only one condition
that stands between you and your
calling God, Father, and that is this,
that, being a sinner, you have not a
real desire to be released from your
sins. If you love sin, if you love
wickedness, and you use the Lord’s
Prayer to parry judgments with,
then I forewarn you. Let it alone
But the mere circumstance of being
a sinner does not disqualify one from
praying to God. Is not the sacrifice
of the wicked an abomination to God?
Yes. H aman tries to garnish his
wickedness by sacrifice,and lie thinks
sacrifice is an atonement for tlia’
wickedness, and that after sacrifie
he may goon with plenary indulgence
again, then it is an abomination to
God. But to interpret it so that a
man may not pray until he is con
verted, is to shut out the univer--.
If God made provision for wicked
mon. who are they that may not find
succor and help by praying'to him?
—Beecher.
A Thrilling Theory.
We bate to bo ciphered out of x
istence, even to confirm the infalli
bility ol scionc, and sometimes blind.-
Ij’ pnfer to believe that figures wiil
lie. N>wi- a good time to use our
negative credulity Alphonse A le
mur, a celebrated mathematician,
starts a theory that the earth is c iv
cred with a deluge once in 10 500
years, on the following calculations:
During the cycle one pole of the
earth enjoys seven more days of sun
shine than the other, and at present
we have seven more days in the
Northern hemisphere than the Sout
hern, which means two hundred years
of freezing at one pole against two
hundred years of melting at the oth
er. The effect of this is to form
such an immense mass of ice at the
less favored end of the globe as to
change the form of the planet and
disturb its gravity for a league or
so. This displacement draws to the
ice»bound regions almost all the seas
and oceans, un i eventually causes a
change in the oscillation of the earth
so as to reverse the order of things,
and bring the greater power <>f th
sun upon the frozen region- Tnen
suddenly, as the pentaUp w aters in
an Alpine valley burst their barriers
and destroy a village, so this gigan
tic polar glacier by its disruption
overwhelms a hemisphere. As proof
of this theory, ho points to the effect
of the last or Noah’s flood, and reck
oning from the accepted time of tha'
the next will be upon us in the year
7254 A D. We are not personally
interested, of course, unless it should
occur about ressurrection time, but
wo are supposed to have a little con
sideration for our descendants.—
tiaii' 11 has been thought that Har
vard College was growing liberal,
but upon the application of a young
lady of Nashua, N. 11., to be admitted
to the Law School, a decided nega
tive was given. There are semina
ries, however, we believe, where the
applicant can study law,if she pleases.
Harvard refuses to matriculate the
lady, because it is not common for
thejsex to practice as attorneys,! o n
selors, or advocates. When it has
become common, then Harvard wiil
turn lasses into lawyers without mak
ing any objection. Our only wonder
is that any woman should desire to
undertake a profession in which so
small a proportion of men win either
money or fame, and in which, honest
ly to secure both, here must be such
un abandonment of leisure, ea-e, and
e joy merit as the Na-hua lady little
dreams f. it is ba 1 e tough to put
boys lo the law—»par« the girls.
BffiuA writer in a Swiss journal ex
presses great astonishment at the
equanimity with which Americans
accept the constantly increu-inji
power ot the Jesuits, who already
control one fourth oi the votes vl
the United States, and who by judi
cious speculations are roiling up
enormous wealth. It is Jesuit h flu
ence that has kept Italy, Spain, Aus
tria and France plunged in supersti
tion and ignorance. Il is Jesuit i>
fluence that is attempting to under
mine our system of public sebouis
and if the enlightened people of the
land do not interpose a counteract
ing influence, incalculable mischief
will accrue to republican institutions.
te»“ln times of disaster, fsvf
Thackeray, ties which we thought
were iron, prove weak as thread.
A Word of caution.
(From the N« w York Tribune.)
Is t general rule it is safe lo decline
giving money, at least to alms-ask
•is, whetn >r sturdy beggars or even
tearful widows io w jeds, who inform
you that they have lost ail their
w<> 1 po—-A-i<>!H by the fire in
Chic ig -ol rt'atil to get, together
i‘i pre ol a railway ticket to cur
ry them to Bom place where they
have sores of friends living in afflu
ence. i'hese imposters have become
verj numerous everywhere On<
of them has been operating in Bos
ton. who was in partnership with a
wid )>v beggared by the conflagra
tion and anxious to reach St. Joiao,
N B. This sort of thing has be
come a nuisance which ought to be
suppressed if only out of pity for
those really afflicted. Sull, as it
would he running a little risk to say
“No” it is best perhaps to refer
-uch suppliants lo re ief committees
bj Whom their pretensions may be
ictutenized. Unfortunately, how
evei, the game is mostly’ played in
shi rural districts in which no such
commitlc.'s xist. liven there, how
ever, a lutle cross-examination may
deveiope the truth. One s iftahearted
genii email, who was also the most
credulous of human beings, always
gave when ho was asked, because it
was pleasanter to give than to retuse,
it wastneopinion of tbos who knew
him best that lie hud relieved no /ess
lhau live hundred persons who hud
been shipwrecked tn eyery sea ami
upon every coast, while the trusses
and wooden legs for which he had
subscribed were innumerable. Peo
ple who had been burnt out in Con
stantinople, Jerusalam, and Milan
people whose fathers had died in
St. Petersburg or Dublin, leaving
them lorluues which the}’ were too
poor to g over and claim; peo
ple wiionud been blinded in b astiog
rocks or maimed by the explosion
ot botleie, gravitated towards our
friend by some inexplicable law,
prcsenle I th' ir claims. We need not
treuble ourselves lo show that the
benevolence of such too cheerful
givers is mischievous; they ought
i«> be pul Uiiper some sort d /nard
ianship.
11 w the French see Us.—A
French writer on America gravely
U'S'*rts that no one is allowed to
sm"k<‘ in the str'cts of Bdtimore,
Philad Iphi:' and Boston and that
the Yankee, ;>r >ud as he is of bis in
dependence, is forever sighing for
ihe g >u- of the old coloni-
al days! M >reovi.T, the Yankee
hates jewelry, an I wears clothes
that w -re cut before the flood
When In’ is not ciphering be is whit
tling This is his supreme distrac
•i••>'!.” II is not in the least sym
patiieiic The most beautifui city in
the countrv of the Y nikees is Phila
delphia H>w r ireshing is this ge
ograpiii!-el mi'm inutioii Les fj’esl
wit’/t,’’ or, in intelligible language, the
We-terners. are always dressed like
farmers They wear very big boots,
and when tney descend to a cravat
it is cither tied ‘like the devil’ or not
at all. When they are not smoking,
they are whistling. A IFfslz/ifl/j nev
er asks permission to light his cigar
by the fire of a stranger’s He cooly
takes the cigar out of your mouth
ami returns it without a word of
thanks. Women have railway car
riages entirely to themselves, and a
man never puts ins foot in the ladies'
saloon (>f a steamboat. Women are
respected in America, but rarely
ad’red ami during leap-year it is
quite common for them to demand
men in marriage, from which fate the
persecute I creatures are allowed to
esc ape on presentation of a valuable
gdi. And this veracious author as
surcH a credulous public that he has
traveled in the United Staten J
California—California has prob
ably changed more in the character
ot its population during the last ten
years than any other state. This
change is illustrated in no other way
so tbrcibly as by the transfer of po
litical power from the mining dis
tricts to the commercial towns and
the rich agricultural counties. A
few years ago the mines ruled Cali
fornia legislation. Under the new
census, San Francisco and St. Mateo
counties will have about twice their
present number of representatives
in the legislature, while the mining
counties will be relatively about one
third t as Strong as in 1860. Nine
small counties in the central part of
the state have a majority in both
branches of the legislation. Califor
nia, so full of rudeness and lawless
ness twenty years ago, now has an
agricultural and commercial popula
tion which compares well with that
of any stat® in the Union.
BURLINQ-xOIN'.
Leering the East and arriving at Chicago
or Imhanapolis.’how shall we reach the West?
The bes line is acknow edged to be tbe C.B.
&Q., joii.pd together with the B. M Rai
way by the Iron Bridge at Burlington, and
cal e l th" Burlington Route,
The main line of the Route running to Oma
ha, connects with the great Pacific Roads, and
forms to-day ihe leading route to California.
The Middle Branch, entering Nebraska at
P attsmouth, passes through Lincoln, the Stale
Capital, and will this year be finished to Fort
Kearney, forming tbe shortest distance across
the Coi.iinent by over 100 miles.
Another branch of tne B. M diverging a
Red Oak. falls into a line running down the
Missouri through st. Joe to Kansas City, and
al Kansas. Passengers by this route to Kan
sas, see I Itnois. Southern lowa, and Missoui,
and. and by a s ight divergence, can see Ne
braska a'so
Lovers of fine views should remember the
Burlington Route, for its towns •‘high-gleam
ing from af_r.’’—its tree-lringed streams —its
rough bluffs an 1 quarries—its corn-oceans
stretching over prairies farther than the eye
can reach.
Land-buyers will be sure to remember it,
for they have friends among the two thousand
who have already bought farms from Geo. S.
Harris, the Land Commissioner of the B.
.M. R. R. at Burlington, lowa, or among the
lour tiiousaiid home.sieaders and pre-emptors
who last year fi'ed claims m the Lincoln land
otfice, where -‘Uncle Samis rich enough to
give as all a farm.”
Parisian Typographers
Parisian typographers, although
their position may be snubbed and
ridiculed by many strangers, totally
ignorant of their ability, talent and
general capacity, form, nevertheless,
one of the most learned and able
classes of the literature-loving capit
al, and it requires more than the
simple knowledge of type-setting
and composing to enable a typogra
pher lo obtain a good situation on
some leading journal or to bo ad
mitted as a member of the Typo
graphical Society, which, in its way,
is exceedingly powerful, aud exerts
a boundless influence over the en
tire Parisian "press. With few ex
ceptions they are all more or less
gifted with highly cultivated, artis
tic feelings, and many, though stead
fast to their chosen trade, give over
whelming proof of their talent as
poets, painters and musicians but
their dominant passion and pet pas
ime is the stage and everythingcon
i erning theatrical matters, and often
ii. dramatical representations, des
li ned to alleviate some misery or
organized for some charitable pur
pose, they display the animation,
spirit, good-will and enthusiasm
which seemed to be an appanage ol
their profession.
Many of the best French drama
ists have passed through the print
ing office on the road to fume and
popularity, and a society of typo
graphical actors exists still, who in
terpret the principal pieces of the
Boulevard theaters in the most
masterly, artistic manner. A mil
itary career posesscs few attractions
for the Parisian type-setter, and if
obliged to serve, at the expiration of
his time he quickly returns to the
work-shop, not being at all ambitious
of following the gory banner of Mars
and reaping the life-bought laurels
of war. Only during the siege of
Pari-*, it must be said, that the
“Franc Tireurs de la Presse,” com
posed entirely of typographers, gain
ed universal praise for theii' heroic
conduct in all Trochu’s famous sor
ties, and behaved themselves in such
an admirable, chivalric manner that
it is at present a great anti merited
honor to have belonged to that val
iant battalion.
Off duly, the typographers load a
pleasant life; for they are all well
pai l, and have always been famous
as being the most reckless’ dashing,
extravagant fellows, next to the stu
dents of literary and Bohemian Paris
—the young ones, of course. Olli
ers live more rationally, follow the
classes of different philotechnicai
associations, either of music, draw
ing, singing or languages, or else des
vote their time entirely to the lioly
pleasures of “homo,” which is so sel
dom cared for in the gay capital, and
other distractions capable of orna
menting the imagination developing
the mind and refining the taste.
As Usual.—A handsome bachelor
clerk in one of the finest dry goods
stores inArlanta,is smitten with a fair
resident of that city. The father of
the young lady came to Atlanta re
cently, and registered at the hotel
where the bachelor clerk boards. As
soon as the discovery was made the
old man was looked up and made
tne recipient of earnest attention
(such as ail of us have and are dispos
ed to pay the parents of the “hoped
for,”) to ingratiate himself into his
paternal favor.
Just before dinner the old gentle
man wanted information of the
young one where he could get a
drink of “peach and honey.’’
“Well, 1 don’t know myself, but
I’ve heard that in bar-rooms good li
quors are kept,” was the innocent
reply.
The old gentleman asked the young
one to show him the way,
“Certainly though 1 don’t drink
mys'll,” replied the teetotaller.
Arrived at the bai, the want of the
old gentldman was made known,
when the bar-tender remarked “1
suppose you will take gin and sugar,
as usual, Mr.
lle“had orter” winked sooner.
The of Guilt.—The atheist
may speculate, and goon speculating
till he is brought up by annihilation
he may then return to life and reason
away the difference between good
and evil he may even go further,
and imagine to himself the perpetra
tion of the most atrocious acts; and
still be may eat his bread with rel
ish, and sleep soundly in his bed
for his sins, wanting, as it were, sol
idity to leave their traces in his
memory, all future retribution may
seem to him a thing with which, in
any case, he can have no concern.—
But let him once turn his theory to
practice, let him make crime palpa
ble, and in an instant he feels its hot
impress on tiis soul. Then it is that
what may happen beyond the grave
becomes no matter of indiffernce;
and, though his reason, may have
proved that death is a final end, then
comes the question, What does his
reason know of death Then, last of
all, the little word swelling to a
fearful size, and standing at the out
let of his theories, like a relentless
giant, ready to demolish his conclu
sions— AUston.
X-iF Japan has already imitated our
greenbacks, their irredeemable “kin
sats” being as near as the Japanese
can get to our currency, both in char
acter and in the pronounciation of
name. Now they propose to import
our system of internal revenue, or
something approaching to it, and
have closed a contract with Gen.
Geo. B Williams, Second Deputy
Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
who goes out to set up the machin
ery.lt isflattering to American vanity
that onr institutions are imitated by
a newly awakened people, but we
■should be sorry to see our political
vices also copied by the new brood
of Japanese office- holders.
TERMS—S2.OO PER YEAR.
sEs-VOL. 23. NO. 21.
Robert Toombs.
From the Atlanta Correepondence of the Cincinnati
Commercial.
No one could have been at the
Kimball House tor the past lew days
without noticing that among the
guests was a marked character
Every night a stout, thick, heavy
man would appear in the rotunda of
the hotel long uncombed locks
borne down by his slouch hat to hie
very eyes, big mouth, a small patch
of long thin chin-whiskers, hair
well sprinkled with gray, and a lace
that lit up with a wealth of intelli
gence whenever animated in conver
sation. This man was Gen. Robert
Toombs, one of the first intellects oi
the South, say what you will. He
is vastly popular with bis personal
acquaintances, and has friends by
the thousands. The moment he
leaves his room he is surtounded by a
crowd, all eager to be in his presence
and hear every word that falls from
his lips. He may begin talking with
a friend, and in live minute* he will
have a dozen listeners, and the crowd
will increase until, if he does not break
away, he will soon find himself ad
dressing a respectably sized audience.
He talks in a fluent flow of words and
ideas, posessing something of the
graphic conversational powers attri
buted to Dr. Samuel Johnson. In
deed, the grtlft old lexicographer is
brought to my mind whenever 1 see
Toombs.
The General is now here in attend
ance upon the federal court. lie has
a* extensive a law practiceas any law
yer in the State. Indeed, he *ays he
has more than he can attend to, and
more than he wants. His speech, s
at the bar are fine specimens of for
ensic eloquence. Yet it is said that
he is not a close student, spending lit
tle time among his law books, and
gives over the preparation of his cases
to other hands. It is in the court
house that his talent shines out con
spicuously, and there he literally
overrides all opposition ami carries
the day by adroit management and
vehement eloquence.
I called on him, and fotin I him in
his room fumbling over a great pile of
political speeches. He received me
in a frank, open hearted manner, ami
immediately entered it to conversation
taking in a “solid sluice” about law
suits, fairs, fires, and whatever topic
was suggested. A client of his in a
two-thousand dollar case came in,and
in less than two seconds the general
was rattling away at him, giving him
enough advice in five minutes to last
a week- General Toombs is a natur
al taike>,amf ins gilt of speech is bac f
ed by a head full of ideas. Gre.A
talkers are apt to be commonplace,but
he is not. lie does not talk without
saying something; every sentence
contains ar. idea, and he seems to
have the power to keep up an unin
terrupted flow for hours at a lime.
tetFColonel Forney tells a story
of bis old friend John Guy. as fol
lows: “Guy bore a striking resem
blance to G en. Lewis Cass, and while
he was proprietor of the National
Hotel at Washington, the Michigan
Senator was among his favored
guests. Guy dressed like Cass, and
although not as portly, his face, in
cluding the wart, was strangly famil
iar. One day a Western friend of
the house came in after a long ride,
dusty and tired, and walking up to
the office encountered Gen. Cass,
who was quietly standing there.—
Mistaking him for Guy, he slapped
him oh the sholder, and exclaimed
“Well old fellow, here I am the lust
time 1 hung my hat up in your shun
ly one of your clerks sent me to the
forth story but now that, I have got
hold of you, I insist upon a lower
room.” The General, a mos digni
fied personage, taken aback by this
s'at.ling salute, coldly repiiid;—
•Yuu have commited a mistake, sir. I
am not Mr. Guy I am General Cass,
of Michigan,’ and angrily turned
away. The Western man was shock
ed at the unconscious outrage h e had
committed, but before he had recov
ered fiom bis mortification General
Cass, who had passed around the of
fice, confronted him again, when, a
second time mistaking him for Guy,
ho faced him and said ‘IL re you are
at last. I met old Cuss and took
him for you, and 1 am afraid the
Michigander has gone off mad.”—
What General Cass would have said
may well be imagined, if the real
Guy had not approached ami rescued
the innocent offender from the twice
assailed and twice angered states
man.
A Spirit Interviewed.—ls the
late Theodore Parker were still in
the flesh, there could be no man up
on whose opinion of French affairs
we should set a higher value. Why,
then, should Thoodore Parker in the
spirit sufply us only with nonsense
and balderdash, when duly summon
ed from celestial regions to give us
information upon the same subject?
We have here an answer from Park
er the Spirit which would have
made Parker the Man shake big
sides with laughter. It was given
at a seance in Boston, and was utter
ed through the “mediumship" of one
Mrs. Uonant:
Question —Will France be govern
ed by the Napoleonic dynasty, or
the Orleanist
Answer, —Your speaker cannot
see either one way or the other.
Now, just imagine Theodore Park
er, before his translation, taking
refuge in such a confession as this
Pray, was he not a man who usual
ly saw clearly enough —“one way or
the other?" Cin it be that he has
been raised to a higher state of ex
istance spiritually and intellectually,
if his ability to reason of the future
has been thus diminished? But this
is’nt all. The Spiritual Parker says,
“What France needs is to bo brought
up higher.” Yon don’t say so! Why.
without the •‘spirit«.”we never should
have guessed it Never
Pen and Scissors.
Autumn hues—cutting wood for Winter.
Smoking in the streets is prohibited in
Chicago.
Dickens is io he monnmented in bronze at
London.
1 he official income of the iceroy <4 Fg\ pi
is $36,000,000.
The ciown prince of Russia laises hit own
“garden sass.”
The next eclipse of the sun will take place
on December 12th.
Edwin Booth has enacted Hamlet over
twelve hundred times.
A mine of meerschaum c’ay has been dr
covered in Patagonia.
Twenty-nine hundred grog-shops were
burned up at Chicago.
An Indiana chestnut tree is in blossom foi
the third time this year.
Among the contributions received at Chi
cago has been a parasol.
A female horse thief captured nt Fon du
Lac, proved to be insane.
A bull fight was one of the entertainments
at the Oregon State Fair.
It is said that 4,500,000 of the inhabitants of
Germany can read English.
Berlin expects to show a population of
900,000 in the new census.
A lady translates the C, O. D. on express
packages into “call on dad.”
13,800 pounds of figs were raised in Ala
meda county, California, this year.
An elastic tire for car wheels has been
tried and found to be of great value.
The new steam fog-signal at the Boston
lighthouse can be heard eight miles.
A Kentucky burglar roused the family and
compelled them to cook him a supper.
Lumber which sold in Oshkosh for sl2 be
fore the Chicago lire now sells for sl6.
The “Chicago sufferer” is stated to have
become a nuisance thoroughout the east.
One thousand ladies recently attended a
political meeting in Stockton, California.
Near Green Bay ten acres of pototatoes
are as nicely roasted as if done in an oven.
A Missouri musician sat down upon a keg
of powder and began to smoke. They found
one button.
A St. Louis man worth $26,000 bequeathed
to his children one dollar each the rest went
to an hospital.
Oceans of tears will be shed in Connecticut
this year. The onion crop is one of the
largest ever produced.
The London Times calculates that in fifty
years more every civilized nation will speak
the English language.
The Pittsburgh Gazette corrects a.i erroi
whereby “wood-shop haml”was printed where
“Good Shepherd” was meant.
Now that the embroidered sack has become
the rage, the young ladies dovoutly pray—
Give us this day our daily braid.”
A copy of Plutarch, which, it is plausibly
supposed, belonged to Shakspeare, has been
found in the Greenock Library, Scotland.
An African church South recently expelled
a female member on the charge of being
“double-headed,” that is, wearing a chignon.
A citizen of Richmond, blind in one eye for
three year-', was lately kicked in the face by
a horse, and the sight of the eye was restored.
The average income of 9,000,000 of people
in England and Wales is less than (wo shil
lings per dav |S,000,0(M) live on a shilling
1 day. ~’J SJ.
T J '->rsia deals summarily with
«bu.. ~iO charge enormous prices for
their brK.d. He bakes them in their own
ovens.
Mr. Egan, of Wisconsin, thought fie w >ubl
feel of a circular saw’ to see if it was going.
He is now learning how to write with hi*
left hand.
A Tennessee girl broke her arm on the eve
of her wedding day, hut pltickily went thro’
the ceremony witli her arm in a sling at the
appointed hour.
Forty-seven young ladies in Wausoon,
Michigan, recently charivaried a youth of
eighteen who had wedded a widow oi forty
six, in that town.
A pig with one eye in the center of its
forehead and a trunk similar to an elephant’s,
growing directly over its eyes, is the boa«t of
a California town.
Milwaukee proposes to lay a submaiine cable
across Lake Michigan, in order to avoid the
necessity of repenting all messages for the
Northwest at Chicago.
The crime of jerking the hair out of yonr
wife's head is not «o sinful as it formerly was.
It is just as nngentlemanly a’ ever, but it
doesn’t hurt as it used to.
Dr. Thompson contends that the worst of
women have fallen, like Goethe’s Marguerite*
through “a dear delusion,” and not on ac
count of any criminal intent.
In 1870 Philadelphia manufactured carpets
to the value of $10,000,000, $5,000,000 worth
of prints, $7,000,000 worth of silks and other
fabrics, amounting in value to $10,000,000.
Henry Wolfe, a Kentuckian, recently com
pleted his one hundred and eighth year with
out having known a sick day and then not to
mar so clean a bill of health, cut his throat
Not long since a farmer in Sauk county,
gathered fourteen tons of grape from a vine
yard of only two acres. At ten cents per
pound that would be a fair profit on two acre*
of ground.
A minister in Indiana became mixed up in
land speculations, and announced to his con
gregation that his text would be found in St.
Paul’s Epistle to the Corinthians, section 1.
range 3, west.
Among the books and papers of the Chicago
Historical Society,destroyed, was the original
copy of the famous Emancipation Proclama
tion of Pi esident Lincoln, for which the So
ciety paid $25,000.
Olive Logan says that in Europe the wo
man suffrage movement is generally classed
with Mormonism, Oneida communism and
free-loveism— which shows that the people of
Europe cannot be bad at classifying.
A set of paper car-wheels on one of the
Pullman cars running to Jersey City, have run
over 160,000 miles of track, and worn out en
tirely one set of steel rires, which have been
replaced. The ordinary wheels, it is said,
will only run 60,000 miles.
They have begun in Canada to cultivate
rabbits as an article of food, imitating Euro
pean conntries, where hundreds of miles of
coast lands are used as rabbit warrens. The
rabbits furnish a cheap and nutritious food
for millions, and the furs have considerable
value in trade.
The total vintage of California this year is
set down at 8,000.000 gallons, and from 180,-
000 to 200,000 gallons of brandy to be added.
But vine-growers are distilling less brandy
than usual, on account of their heavy Federal
taxation, making a loss of the material hereto
fore used for this liquor.
In driving a London undergruond railroad
tunnel, we are told that in one part of the line
the cuttings were made through a mass of
skulls and bones, sixteen feet in the ground.
In another place a forgotten secret passage>
twenty feet wide, was discovered, supposed
to date from the fourteenth century.