W T Wl L LI A ^18 Publishers hud Proprietors#
JOHN C. OXT!
%<H\
VOL 52.
WOODSTOCK, VIRGINIA, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1871.
_-* -f
She Sfecaattflaah fter-aU
IS PLTK-lSttED WEEKLY tr
JOHN H 6 Et A B t L ii CO
SUBSCRIPTION PRICK *2,00 A TEAR.
JSSI-AH communications of a private nature
will be e’o urged for as advertising.
No paper will be discontlnted except at the op
»ip'n of the publisher, until all arrearages have
b»en settled.
jAa- All advertising due in advance.
JOI1 PRINTING.
All kinds or Job Work done at short noticeand
Sit. the most reasonable rates.
$r0frs$i0iiat Cards.
H. WILLIAMS, J. J. WILLIAMS,
WM. T. WILLIAMS
TILLIAMSI&, BROTHER,
.4 TTORNE YS A T LA IF,
WOODSTOCK. SHEXANDOAII CO., VA
Practice in the
Courts of Shenandoah County
Attend to the Collection or Claims in that
and Adjoining Counties.
"jroHN T TIARRIS
.jj Has resumed the prac
tice of Law, at his old office, Harrisonburg. Va.
lie wiil practice in the courts of Rockingham,
Shenandoah. Page and Warrcn. apl 1-ly
T\R. JOHNSTON,
OF THE
BALTIMORE LOCK HOSPITAL,
OFFICE 7 SOUTH'' FREDERICK ‘STREET,
Fton> hi* extensive practice in the groat Hos
pitals f Europe and the first in this country,
v, England. FranC-e, Philadelphia and else
where. can offer the most certain, speedy and
effectual .remedy in the wo ill for
DISEASES OF IMPRUDENCE
Weakness of the Back or Limbs, Strictures,
Affection of the Kidneys or Bladder. Involuntary
Discharges. I la potency. Geneial Debility, -Ner
vousness? Dyspepsia,'Languor, Low Spirits,
Confusion of Ideas, Palpitation of the Hea. t,
Timiditv, Tremblin*. Dimness of Sigbtcr Gwdi
„t— Disease of the ad, Throat, Nose or Skin,
Al’ ction« of the Liver, Lungs, Stomach or
l.J’.bose terrible Disorders arising from
^oliterv Habits of Youth—secret and solitary
pr.ctioes more fatal to their victims than the
f the Syrens to the J/ariners of Ulysses,
tdMitiu- their met brilliant hopes or anticipa
tions, rendering marriage, 4c,,impossible.
YOUNG MEN
r iillv w'i> -have become the victims of
v V re, that dreadful and destructive
.,1 which annual lv sweeps to an untimely
o ..e thousands of young men of the most ex
;Tlr.d talents and brilliant intellect, who might
otherwLe have entranced listening Senates with
the thunders of eloquence, or raked to. ecstscy
tli living ivre, may call with full confidence.
MARRIAGE.
I/avried persons,or A oung Men contemplating
mon-hii-e, aware of Physical Weakness (Loss of
l’rnertative Power—lmpot.-nc.yl, Nervous Ex
citabilitv. Palpitation, Organic JVeakness, Ner
vi us Debility, or any other Disqualification
weed ily relieved. _
li w Ik* places himself under the care of Dr
J vuav rcligionslv confide in bis honor as a
gentleman, and coniidentlj rely upon his skill
as a physician.
ORGANIC WEAKNESS
mediately Cured and Full Vigor Restored.
ry;.: -♦re-'ic0’ flection—which venders li.e
Mmarf age irapossible-is the pen
..id bv the victims ot improper indulgences.
ncrY-ns aretoo apt p. commit excesses
T> v b-dug aware of the dreadful consequen
that inav ensue. No v. who that under>tands
.-i-.bjcct‘will pretend to deny that the power
i ii-creation is lost sooner by those failing into
,r h&hils than by the prudent l.eMue*
~i^.rtuar«»sn£
V Ik-med Loss' of Procreative Power
’.'I.-us .notability, Dyspepsia, Falpitatum of
t,.-e<tion. Constitutional Debility
■•dWa'pr^f'tbe Frame, Cough Consump ion,
,Cur ahd'Death.
CURE WARRANTED IN TWO DAY-5
.ns ruined in health by unlearned pro
vh<- keep them trilling month after
(nking poisonous and injurious com
F-VuouUi np'p'.y immediately.
dr. JOHNSTON.
n her of the Royal College of Surgeons.London
.diiate of one of the most eminent Colleges
p j states, and the greater pait oi
i|r‘. has been spent in the hospitals of
i Paris Philadelphia and elsewhere, has
-'V.,,? e of the most astonishing cures that
e evt r i nown many troubled with ringing
the head ar dears when asleep, great nu
lusr.U, being alarmed at sudden Bounds,
,-htVlness. with frequent blushing, attended
urn-times with derangement of uund, were
ired immediately.
TAKE PARTICULAR NOTICE.
D .1 addresses all those who have injured
in-.-Ives bv improper indulgence and solitary
,vf .;h ruin both body and mind, unfitting
'or t '.her business study, society or inar
he- a. e some of the sad and melancholy
Juced b-. the early habit* of youth,
of tbe Back and limbs, pains in
l-l-aii. thinness of sight, loss of muscular
pa'.patation of the heart, Dyspepsia, ner
Irritability, Derangement of the digestive
lions, General deb ility, symptoms it con
,1| v t\liVy .—The fearful effects on the mind
‘ii'u to be dreaded. Loss of memory,
ifusion of ideas, Depression of spirits, Li il
Jioldings. Aversion »o society, belf-Dis
t. Love of solitude, Timidity, 4c.. are some
ho evils produced.
j n-.vi-is of pe/soDs ot* all ajres can now
What is the cause of their decling health,
r th ir rigor becoming weak, pale, ner
d emaciated, having a singular appear
Ll- vjt #.he eyes, cough and symptoms ot
isumptlon.
young men.
have injured themselves by a certain prac'
indu 1 ed in when alone, a habit frequent
red from evil companions or at school, the
Ot which are nightly felt, even when
aud if not cured renders marriage impos
ed destroys both mind and body, should
immediately. r
ht a pity that avourgman, tne nope ot
,00try and the pride of his parents, should
aaheJ from nil prospects and enjoyment of
bv the-consequenees of deviating trorn the
iinature, and induling a certain secret
t. sSuch persons muit, before eomtcmpla
MAKRIAGE,
lie
hnppim
througi
t .-.at a sound mind and body .".re the
vivo is ites to promote connubial
:"‘ln<l-ed, without these the journey
at A It. ines a weary pilgrimage, }he
h utlv darkens to the lew the mind
ska owed with despair, and fill ed.witb
Iv reflection that the hapiness o t
another is blighted with our own
A CERTAIN DISEASE;
\X hen too misguided and imprudent rotary of
o=ure finds that he has imbibed the seeds of
v"ainfril disease it too often haPI ens that so
m of shame or drtaif of
l-^rv deters him ‘tom applying to those
wh"1' froth education and respectihility, can
al befriend him. He falls into the hands oi
?,m „,r fi s-irnin"-pretenders, who,mcapa
^,W„Tcn“fc »S«h Sis pet nn.ary substance,
SS S®
5, i™ Me-cury, cause the constitution
deadly poison. Mercury. disease to make their
symptoms rated sore dig.
tlie,ht'ad t1
t a.eii c 5 i. ut deafness, nodes on the
i, ibs dimness ®head, tace
progressing with frightful rap
f till at a»t the palate of the. mouth or the
A of Jl nose fall in. and the victim of tins
^i„l^asehrmr;athorridJ&ofjmun:
f>ir s u fferin" ‘by sending him to that undjscover
•v,u,-v *"*ihe
most eernin, rj-edy. pleasant and effectual rem
*d'0FFICE,"7 SOCTH FREDERICK ST.
e :t hand side going from Baltimore street,
a tew doors from tie corner. Fail not to observe
^r^feue^receivea unless postpaid and eon
a Starnv to be used on the reply. I’er
soiswrinng should state age, and send a portion
of ad rei deement describing simptoms^
'^ePo^DiPL^iAh^ia^office.
ENIHJRSEMET OF THK PKBBh.
The many thousands cured at tE^ establishmen.
within the last twenty years, and ""“JTDr’
important surgical operations perlormeu.by Dr
Johnston, witnessed by the reporters t <r
and maffi- other papers, notices ot which, hare
appeared’again before the publice, eb^ ^s
standing as a gentleman ot character an re
ponsibiiity, is a smhcient guarantee U.e
^"aAL DISEASESSPEEDILY CORED.
sep i',—tf.
Maltby house,
C. It. IIOGA.N, Proprietor.
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND.
This House, having been thoroughly re-fltted
and re-furnished, renders its; accommodations sec
ond to none in the cityr june 11
A MEKICAN IlOUS'd.
SCOTT BROUGHTON, Proprietors.
Corner Pennsylvania Avenue and Tth Street,
WASHINGTON, D. C.
Board per Day,_.$9.
OPEN AT ALL HOURS.
First class Bar— choice Wises, Liquors a Sugars.
June 4—ly
James \Y. Carr, C. Boyd Barrett
Alexandria, Va. Loudoun. Co., Ya
(N1TY HOTB.L,
j CORNER CAMERON AND ROYAL. Sis.,
ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA,
O ARIL BARRETT Proprietors.
iHE HOTEL COACHES
Will run in connection with all the Trains
ami Steamboats.
BAH AXD BILLIAKD ROOMS ATTACHED.
July—t. f.
\17lLHH\S HOTEL
Yf CliAS. WELSH Proprietor.
MAIN STREET,
WOODSTOCK VIRGINIA.
Always open for the reception of guests.—
Stable well supplied, and attentive Hostlers
in attendance. Bar well furnished with best
of liquors. Sep. 28-tf
r\ UYLOR HOTEL,
X MAIN Sr., WINCHESTER, VA.
This house so favorably known to the trav
eling public has been recently refitted and
furnished in the most approved style, making
it one of the first class hotels in the Valley
of Virginia. Nov. 8, lS70.-lf
MERCHANT’S HOTEL,
ON THE EUROPEAN PLAN
HEJiUr SCHOFIELD, Proprietor.
Room, 75 fcis. per day or Regular Fare, 52
Corner Hanover and Pratt. Streets,
RALTIMORE, MD.
Three Squares from the B. 0. It. R. De
pot, and within Five (a) Minutes walk of the
Principal STEAMBOAT WHARFS.
Dec. 10 1808—ly.
CA REES’ S MANSION BOUSE.
■J ALEXANDRIA, VA.,
JAMES GREEN, Proprietor,
is a First-class Hotel in every respect. The
citizens of the Valley, having busines in Alex
andria or Washington, and travelers going
North or South, will find this an agi ecble rest
ing place on the route, as it does not require
the. eariy start by several hours as from Wash
ington or Baltimore. Cars and steamboats
leave Alexandria for Washington and return
every hour from 4 A. M., to 7^ P. M.,
Jan. 7, ’09—ly
CA N E E B
J• W'oodstcck, Virginia,
Having removed to his old stand immedi
ately opposite the National Hotel, is prepar
ed 10 accomodate the traveling public with
FIRST CLASS ENTERTAINMENT.
Board Lodging and Livery at Redc-ced
rates.
He has also re-established his BAR and
CONFECTIONERY at his old stand, where he
will be gratified to serve his friends and the
public generally.
JAMIESON CLARKE
ALEX’A. PLAINING MILLS,
AH DOOR AND BLIND FACTORY.
Nos. ‘27, 29 and 31 N Market, St.
ALEXANDRIA, VA.
Dealers in
FLOORING AND WHITE PINE LUMBER
Libera! discount to trade.
J. R. LAMBDEN,
mar. 3—ly. Archt. Sup’.
TTHNEST WARE-ROOMS IN THE SOUTH
WILLIAM. IT. MUIR,
MANUFACTURER OF AND DEALER IN
ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE.
Chairs, Mattresses Looking-Glasses &c„ &c.
No. 141 143 King, Corner of Asaph st.
sep. 16—ly ALEXANDRIA, VA
MOSES WALTON.
DAVID H. WALTON.
YV
ALTOS WALTON
Attorneys Atl.vw,
WOODSTOCK, SEEN. CO.,YA.
MOSES WALTON also practises in the
Counties of Page, Warren and ltoekingham.
Having qualified in the Jjietriet and Circuit
Court* of the United State*, in Virginia. He is
prepared to prosecute claims in said Courts, (jiv
ing special attention to cases in Bankruptcy.
dec!7-tf
fT\HE SOUTHERN MUTUAL EIRE
'L INSURANCE COMPANY.
AUTHORIZED CAPITAL, $250,000.,
Chartered by the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Office—N. E. Corner Ninth k Main Sts.,
RICHMOND, YA.
Issues Policies on Kami and City Proper
y, also on Merchandise, for any term notexceed
ing five years, at rates as low as the prompt pay
ment of the losses will permit.
J. S. Calvert, Pres’t; J. W. SEXSOX,'Sec’y.
pi S Price, Y P Treas;
Da. U. G. Davipson, G. Agent
J. W. DANNER .Solicitor Woodstock, Va
il.H. Rinni.n;Eauek, Agt, Edinburg, Va.
Apr t- 0
J. II. MAPIIIS. A. B RICKARD
Woodstock tannery.
We would inform our friends and cus
tomers that we are now earrving on the Tann
ing Business, at the Yard known as the Williams
Tunvard, situated on
WATER STREET,
in Woodstock.
We propose paying, at all times, tne highest
market prices for bark, hides &c., and will lur
nisli all kinds of Leather at reasonable prices.
We have now on hand a suderb Stock of
Upper, S-ole Leather, Calfskins Ac., wnieh- we
nvite our frieuds to exainine,-.
I>ec- 15,-if. M.VPHIS RICKARD";
UUwritoiiMttjs (Savtte,
Hooe, wedderburn CO.,
(Successor to Fowle A Co.)
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
For the sale of every description of
FLOUR, GRAIN, COUNTRY PRODUCE Ac
No. ‘I Prince tre et,
ALEXANDRIA, V 4.
Consignments solicited. Bags furnished n hen
ordered. Agents New Fork Steamship orn
pany. Goods forvvarded free of commission.
July 15.
JAMES W. NALLS. B. W. NALLS
JAMES W. NALLS SON,
DEALERS IN
Doors, Sasli, Blinds, Paints, Hardware
Lead, Oils, Cement, Calcined Plaster, &c.
No 187 King Street,
ALEXANDRIA, VA
apr. SI, tf. Terms Cash
AltQUIS KELLEY’S
VALLEY MARBLE WORKS.
AT HARRISONBURG, VIRGINIA.
We would be pleased to furnish our frinds of
Shenandoah and the adjoining counties Kith any
thing in our line, at very low prices.
A good assortment of
MONUMENTS, TOMBS, HEAD AND FOOT
STONES
always on hand, of the very best Italian and
American Marble.
All Orders will be promptly filled.
GEO. 1). ANTHONY,
Aug. 11,—tf. Agenis.
E. L. TOLSON, I. WITHERS,
of Tolson, Bro. a co. of Newman, Withers co.
mOLSON CO.,
x GENERAL COMMISSOIX MERCHANTS,
AND DEALERS IN
FERTILIZERS, SALT, FISH, GROCERIES
&c., &c.,
No. 38 corner King and Water Sts.,
ALEXANDRIA, VA
ng. 11, 1S70—tf.
jryiN’T READ THIS!
Unless you wish to buy your
S E G A S R DIRECT FROM
The Manufactory- and save 25 per cent.
We have the largest Segar Manufactory in
the State of Virginia, and are prepared to
furnish Segars lower than they can be bought
in New York or Baltimore.
Also keep constantly on hand a well se
lected stock of Leaf and Manufactured To
bacco, Suulf, Pipes, &c.
All goods warranted to be as represented.
STEINER YOHE,
No. 4 9 King Street,
Dec. 9—ly Alexandria, Va.
\nSGiXIA TELEGRAPH COMPANY
ALEXANDRIA VA,
Stockholder* in this Company will please take
notice that the following acting agents ate the
only authorized persons to make collections of
money for this Company viz.
MOSES WALTON Director Woodstock.
COL. G. W. MURPHY Agent Mt. Jackson.
CAl'T. G. B. SAMUELS Front Royal.
A. B. 1R1CK Director Harrisonburg.
ROUT. BEVERLEY President, Plains.
IVm. II. T A. J1S Agent/Staunton.
\t ben they colic.*, *kt lit ,ii^ fumi.-t d.o
party paying them, with a certiticateof Stock
Money paid to any other persons except myself
will iiut be recognized.
GEORGE C. AVEDBERBtFN
Secretary and Treasurer.
Harrisonburg Register please copy.
Feb. 23—tf.
7" ALLEY WOOLEN FACTORY,
NEAR MIDDLETOWN YA.
1 am now prepared to sell for cash or exchange
for wool, or produce, coverlids, carpetings Cas
imers, old fashioned Casiuctts, 0-4 and Filled
Linsey, Bearer Cloths,
PLAIDS, PLAIN FLANNELS*
Stc eking Yarns (assorted,) Ac., at the very lowest
rates, and all kinds of woolen goods usually
made in other Manufactories. Fulling and Dress
ingand, Dying of Cloths Ac., done in the best
manner, and wool carding promplv executed.
Call and examine.
T. P. MATHEWS,
may 12, 1870—tf. Middlelown, Va.
Old Commonwealth please copy
iJAIN TING,
GRAINING,
PAPERING
I am always ready and prepared to do al
finds of work in my line ot business, at jhort
notice and on reasonable terms 1 am also
prepared to do
ALL KINDS OF TURNiNG.
I solicit the patronage cf the public, and
return thanks for past patronage.
Sept. 24, tf. JNO. H. FRAVEL.
NEW JEWELRY STORE,
R. G. K. LEWIS has removed his shop
■^'-“-nearly opposite the
NATIONAL HOTEL,
where will be found a well selected
STOCK OF JEWELRY,
Spectacles, Clocks, &c at very
REASONABLE RATES.
Call and examine my stock of the celebrated
DIAMOND SPECTACLES,
which are
Guaranteed to give Entire Satisfaction.
Watches, Clocks and Jewelry repaired and
warranted 12 months.
June.—tf.
Agents Wanted Everywhere.
GG. EVANS CO.,
.GREAT ORIGINAL AND ONLY 11 ELI;
ABLE GIl T BOOK ENTERPRISE.
17th year of its Establishment,
806 Chestnut St., and 56 N-EighthSt
PHILADELPHIA.
New Books, New Gifts, New Attractions
IVe will send you any book publish 'n
the United States on receipt of Pu
er's Price.
Order any book you may desire and it will
be promptly forwarded with a gift.
Our New Imperial Classified Catalogue for
1871, just issued, being a complete guide to
every branch of American Literature,- with
index, sent free ou receipt of a postage
stamp. If you order books not on our new
Catalogue, please mention the name of the
publisher.
&2TSEND FOR IT. SEND FOR IT
Apr. 13—6 m.
ClAUNDERS GOODWIN
FLOUR, GltilN
And General
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
91 South Sreet.
BALTIMORE.
Refer]by permission to
J. IIan'son Thomas,
President of Farmers’ and Mechanics National
Bank of Baltimore
Wm. Devarcs &Co. of Baltimore.
Wm. F, Tuanaa,
wC— Rippon, Jefferson Co,W. a.
Iy 8. RICHARDSON,
ARCHITECT AND BUILDER,
EDINBURG, SHENANDOAH COUNTY, VA.,
Us prepared to receive and execute orders
or all work in his line. Parties proposing to
i bnild will please call or seud for designs.—
SSati'sfcctiou guaranteed in all cases,
asaraliy 3L, M*
IN HEAVEN WE’LL. KNOW OUR
OWN.
idinnk God for ihe faith that teaches,
When the struggles of life are o’er,
We shall meet our otvn:—our loved ones,
And shall know them all once more
What matter though life be dreary,
And We tread its paths alone
If when the journey is ended,
In Heaven we’ll know our own.
Sometimes when fate’s frowns are darkest,
And clouds hide the fair, blue sky,
For the teuder luve of the lost ones,
Our souls will vainly or/
Then, sweetly over the spirits,
Hushing the heart’s wild moan,
Comes the whisper of fakh-#' patient—
And, in Heevca we’ll, -jfc.'*
And life and its cares grow brighter,
In the light of this precious thought
When the conflict, at last is over,
And the battle of life is fought,
If we work in faith and submission,
The victory shall be won
And in Heaven where rest awaits us,
We shall meet ai;d know our own.
Ah how it be. I wonder,
Shall those who were dearest h"re
Be dearest again in Heaven
Or think you when we stand so near
The throne of our loving Father,
That His children every one.
Shall seem equally dear to each other
Can any be like our own
I wonder—but there—no matter
This belongs tc the great To Be,
And we’ll see all these things more clearly
In the light ofeternily.
’Tis enough to know if we’re faithful,
Till the labor of life is done,
In the “sweet by and by” in Heaven,
We shall meet and know our own.
srcUaiiffl ms.
THE CiilC AGOCONFlAU-IIA
rilO
5,00-0 Foot Famites Destitute.
‘BANKS AND MONEY BURNT UP.
A Kerosene Lamp the Origin of
the disaster.
Hanging ftf Incendiaries to the Lamp
Posts.
Ttie unparalleled conflagration which
has made Chicago almost a desert of ruins
continued yesterday the absorbing theme
in all circles, and business for the day
was practically at a standsiill. The par
alyzing effect was the same in all the
prominent business centres in the country,
especially those d ir uxtjjrn#t<>4 An Uio
commerce of the Northwes^rof which Chi
cago is itself the great distributing point.
Aid meetings wore held, subscriptions
set on foot, supplies collected, aud eirerf
thing else was done which the importance
of the emergency demanded. As on the
preceding day, the news from the scene
of disaster, which was rapidly supplied
by extra additions of the Sun, was eager
ly sought.
BEGINING OF TUB END.
The intelligence received yesterday
morning at4 o’clock indicated that the
entire city was doomed to destruction,
owing to a sudden change of the wind,
which drove the flames to the south, forc
ing the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany to vacate their improvised office in
that section. No direct communication 1
was had with the city after that time un
til a late hour yesterday afternoon, when
a dispatch from St. Louis announced the
receipt of a telegram from Chicago stat
ing that a heavy rain had occurred and
that the fire was all out. A dispatch da
ted at noon was received from Chicago
stating that the fire continued to burn
all Monday night on the north side, but
Tuesday morning was under control.
0tlier telegrams indicated that, while
the assiscanco of fireman from abroad aud
tbe effects of the rain, which fell about
3 o’lock a. m., the fire was gotten under,
though at times a revival of the flames iu
various places gave rise to exciting fears
aud rirncr?.
The following telegrams contains fur
ther interesting particulars:
UNABATED EXCITEMENT IN NEW YORK.
New York, Oct. 10.—The excitement
in the city relative to the Chicago calam
ity is no wise abated this morning. AH
the people who were goiDg to their work
shops early were anxious readers of the
papers containing Associated Press dis
patches, and sales at the news stands
have been enormous.
Crowds of business men were at the
hotels until late last night to obtain the
latest information of the fire, and many
were in trepidation, fearing they were
joint sufferers with their mercantile cor
respondents in the apparently doomed
city. It is that much busine? will be en
tirely suspended to-day. Many of out
insurance companies will doubtless be
compelled to suspend for a short time, in
order to ascertain their liabilities, while
the grain and produce trade will undoubt
edly be brought to a complete standstill.
Every one in our community feels deep
sorrow for the sufferers, and the response
to the mayor’s proclamation lor help w ill
be spontaneous and of a liberality worthy
of tbis metropolis.
Fearful loss of life.
has been occasioned by the falling of
waUs. A vain attempt was made to tsar
down blocks to check the flames. Build
ings are now blowing up on the south
side.
Ten thousand business meO will be
compelled to make assignments, and an
insurance crash is inevitable. Desolation
and sorrow universally piovail. The riv
er iB impassible between the west and
south division, except at the Twelvth
street bridge. Ail others are burned
It is feared this remaining one will be
crushed beneath the overwhelming traf
fic.
Five thousand Poor Families
are homeless and penniless. The rail
road depots' are burnt. Travel has ceav
ed, with no mails aud but limited tele
graphic communication. Help should
be sent at once to the poor. The wind is
still boisterous, and ifil turns north noth
ing can save the west division.-—At
present the loss is estimated at from
$100,000,000 to $200,000,000 Fire
proof buildiugs burned like tinder,especi
ally the banks, not one of which remains.
Few business houses saved eveu their pa
pers. The whole population was busy
all night, and the streets are now like a
bivouac with sleeping' men. The loss of
life is impossible to'estimate. The ship
ping ordered into the North branch of the
river was sent adrift into Lake.—Many
vessels were burned. All business is sus
pended, aad must remain so for the pres
ent. Tremendous efforts were made to
save the Tribune and l’ost, as well as the
city, State aud government buildings.
Nothing remains but blackened walls and
crackling ciuders.
No papers can be issued until type
comes from elsewhere, as the type foun
derie3 are also burnt.
A large number of firemen are killed.
All did their duty nobly, but the streams
of water on the buniug blocks were like
fountain jets against the awful heat of
the conflagration.
Tfili' NEW HOTEL,
eight or nine stories high, just completed
scut up pyraminds of solid flames, mak
ing Lake Michigan ruby colored for miles,
the burning bridges swinging graceful
arches of tire from shore to shore, and the
burning ships sailed in crimson waters.
All the churches in the south division,
and the Convent oi' Mercy, all the rail
road building, aud the splendid mansions
on Michigan and Wabash avenues are
gone. The very pavements are burned
Oae hundred squares are already burn
ed in the south division. Business men
cannot resume unless substantial help is
sent from East aud West.
A hundred thousand employees engag
ed in mercantile pursuits are out of em
ployment. The streets leading to the
unburnt part of the south find all leading
to the unbroken bridge west, are com
pletely blocked by all kinds of vehicles,
carrying sick and injured people and
blackened furniture. The county records
are safe, but the city records are lost.
Mayor Mason has received dispatches
from St. Louis, Milwaukee, Detroit,
Louisville aud elsewhere inquiring “what
shall we send
He answers cooked food for houseless
persons.
LOSS OF BASKS AND MOSEY.
A private dispatch received in Balti
more savs “The banks are all burned
our money all lost. The lowest estimat
ed loss is two hundred aud fifty mid ions
of dollars.”
THE FIRE UNDER CONTROL.
Chicago, Oct. 10 noon.—The fire con
tinued to burn all last nijrht on the north
side, but this morning is under control.
It is literally true, to say there is noth
ing remaining cf that side from the river
north to Lincoln Park on the north, and
from the north branch of the river, on
the west, to the lake, on the east.
This portion ot the city, except along
the main ritcr, where there were business
blocks, was occupied by dwellings. Two
thirds of the population of this district
were German aud Scandinavian. These
people are now homeless. Some of them
are in frame buildings in the northwest
section, and others in the prairie without
shelter.
RAIN AT LAST.
Throughout the day a renewal of the
fire on the west’side was looked for, and
a change of five degrees in the direction
of the w ind at any time would have led to
that result. There would then have been
no refuge for any one—The people all
had their clothing packed, ready at any
moment
TO START FOR.TIIE PRAIRIES,
But God averted this last possible ad
dition to our disaster. At sundown the
wind lulled, and at three o’clock this
morning the rain so fervently prayed for
came.
It did not rain long, but the roofs of
the houses and the ground have been wet
so that now it is possible to have fires and
cook food for the multitude. A meeting
of citizens was held in the First Congre
gational Church. in West Washington
street, which was continued throughout
the night. Measures were concerted to
protect what property was left, and to
provide for the homeless.
INCENDIARIES 11ANUED.
Fifteen hundred citizeus were sworn in
last night as an extra police, and the
Secretary of War authorizyd Gen. Sheri
dan to employ all available troops for
guard, and to Lsuo an order for 100,000
rations. Five hundred soldiers are on
duly.
Two men, caught in the act of firing
houses on the west side, were arrested and
immediately liauged to lamp-posts—one
on Twelfth street, near the river, and
the other three miles away, on Clayborne
avenue, north side. This summary action
has checked thieves and murderers.
CONFIDENCE RESTORED.
The arrival of firemen and engines from
Milwaukee, St. Louis, attd other cities
has appearently restored confidence A
Cincinnati train arrived this morning with
three engines from that city and one from
Dayton.
They were seventeen hours on the way,
having to charge their route twice, and
finally to come via Piqua and Lognns
port. There was inexpressible pleasure
in seeing these experienced men go right
to work in a business way where work
was most needed. They are playing on
coal piles, to save whatever of fuel is pos
sible, and prevent further spread of the
flames.
The vast plain is covered with people
wandering, seeing evidences of wealth
that has completely vanished in flames and
smoke.
Business Enterprise.
A few business meu with nerve are
seeking business houses in the west side.
Rooms°that rented last for $50 now readi
ly command $5,000. Ihere are not
many of these, but enough to allow a few
ibusiotss men to start; The newspapers
will be started again in a few days or
I weeks.
The Newspapers Reviving.
Hon. Joseph Medill, of the Tribune,
who is oue of the heaviest losers, succeed
ed yesterday ia leasing a brick building
on Washington street, at the tunnel. lie
also purchased two single cylinder presses
used in a job office on the west side, and
has telegraphed east for paper and tvpy,
there being nothing left here,
j Mr. Story of the Times will erect a
i rough one-story building, and begin tu
j issue that paper soon as material can be
I purchased. The Journal is provided f:
on the west side. The Pont, Republican
and Staats Zeitung will also arrange for
business as soon as practicable, bucevery
thing must come from elsewhere. There
is nothing left. Water for drinking and
household uses is secured from the lake
and the parks, and for horses from the
I viv.er.
Camping Out
There are a thousand people camped
about au artesian well tour miles out, and
perils os many more at the lake, and on
Fullerton and Viotor avenues, near the
prairie. People are being fed in the
remaining churches and school-houses, in
sheds, and by tho roadside.
It was cold and chilly this morning,
causing much suffering, but it is now
clearing up again but instead of this
being welcome, the people are praying
earnestly for more rain, so fearful are they
of the continuance of the flames. This
is the situation.
Later Particulars.
The following is a report of the Sre and
its incidents, specially described for ibe
Associated Press by those who witnessed
and fought the flaaics throughout:
Late on Sunday cveuing a boy wout
into a stable on JL)e Keren street, near
the river, on the west side, to milk a cow,
carrying with him a kerosene lamp.
This was kicked over by the caw, and
the burning fluid scattered among the
straw. This was the beginning of the
great fire. A s’ngle extinguisher on the
ground, or active work by the police ia
tearing down two chanties, would have
prevented the spreading of t he flames; but
the engines were waited for, and when
trrny arrived the firemen stupefied by their
exertions at the first fire, on Saturday
night worked slowly and clumsily. Their
efforts were unavailing. 'The wind blew
a gale from the southwest.
iiapidly the flames shot from bouse to
uuuac*, auu irow ooaru yara 10 ooaru
yard, having the meanwhile crossed the
river north of Twelvth street to the south
side, and made for the brick and stone
business blocks, the railroad freight de
pots and manufacturing establishments.
The full extent of the danger was now
realized for the first time.
The fire department, already tired
out, worked like heroes, and the mayor
and city government, that had supinely
but the opportunity had been lost.
The time when thorough organization
could have blown up the buddings or
prepared for emergency wa neglected,
ar.d it was now a fight for life.
The wind blowing a stiff gale had pos
session of the fiames, and the beautiful
buildings, Chicago’s Glory, by before
them. Harrison, Van Buren, Adams,
Monroe and Madison streets were soon
reached, the intervening blocks from the
river to Dearborn street on the east be
ing consumed. Three-quarters of a mile of
brick blocks were consumed as by
magic.
Unconscioust Victims.
Itbeing Sunday, proprietors and em
ployees were at home utterly uucouscious
of what was taking place. Those who
saw’ the fiames thought it was the reraaius
of Saturday night’s fire, and having confi
dence in the fire department, were uncon
cerned, but between eleven and twelve
o'elok a rumor got abroad that the fire
was in the business portion of the city.
The people commenced moving. Hors
es were brought into recquisiticu to take
proprietors and others to the conflagra
tion. What a scene met their gaze!
The board of trade, court house, Western
Union Telegraph and Associated Press
office, and hundreds of other buildings
were all in flames
The air was filled with live coals which
were hurled to north and east a bosom of
destruction. Fire engines were powerless
fer saving. All that men. oouid" do was
to blow up buildings, but this availed
but little.
me Aimes, irmune, i'osi,i'.epuu::caii,
Journal, aud ether newspaper offices,
Western News Company, Black, Field
Leitter’s establishment, the Drske
block, recently built, aud Farweli cc Co’s.,
were all soon in ashes.
It seemed that, no sooner bad the
flame struck a wall than it went directly
through, and very few minutes sufficed
to destroy the most elaborately built struc
tures. The walls melted and the very
bricks were consumed. The wooden
pavements took Sre, making a continu
ous sheet of flame two miles long by a
mile wide. No human being could possi
blv survive many minutes. Block after
block fell, aud red hot coals shot higher
and higher, and spread further and fur
ther until the north side was a vast sheet
of flame, from river to lake. At one
time it so hemmed the people that it wan j
expected that thousands must perish.
The Sherman, Tremont and other hotels
were emptied of their guests.
A remarkable sight was presented
with the hurrying throngs, with trunks
sack or bags on their shoulders, fleeing
amid the flames for their lives.' Those
who could made for the surrounding
bridges, others got next to the lake shore
and to the south. One block in all the
vast business section remained at day
light, viz: the Tribune block. The cus
i tom house and Honore blocks, in Dear
born'street, had burned, aud those who j
fought the flames here thought at least
this block could be saved. A patrol of
men, under Samuel Medill, swept off live
coals and put out the flames inside the
wails, and another lot of men under the
direction ofHou. Joseph Medill, watch
ed the roofs. At half past seven o’e../ck
this appeared safe, and most of the men
went to get rest aud food. A number
went to sleep in the Tribune building.
But there was
t* It v’ tt n u a a a a |irr a Itl.
Ita^eis of Advertising.
Transient advertising:inserted at the rate of $1
per square, (ten lint* of thin Upe.) '$,e rates o'
three months and upwards, will be ifruml in the
iollptving table:
One Square.
Two Squares,.
Three Squares......
Four Squares,.
Quarter column,,..
One-third column,
Half column,..
One column.
;s c oh
I 9 00
t 12 00
15 00
18 00!
20 001
25=00;
45 001
6 in os. 1 vent
S 8 00j$i2C9
12 15 on
15 00 j
18 00
21 00
25 CO
50 00
74 00
18 cO
50 t.Q
35 00
45 00
65 00
125 00
Special Notices' inserted at-20 cents per line.
A Chanje of the Wind.
The flames reached Wabash avenue,
State street and Michigan avenue. Soon
after McYicker’s Theatre caught Are. Id
a few moments the liibune bnHdm^ was
in flames, and at the last moment the
sleeping men were aroused and rescued
from the flames. By 10 o’clock in the
forenoon this remaining block was in
ashes.
Flight of the Pt-<f.le.
Now was to be seen the most remarka
ble sight, ever bone la in this or any coun
try. Thera were from 50,000 to 75.000
men. women arid children fleeing by every
available street and alley to the southward
and westward, attempting to save their
clothing and their lives.
i'jvery available vehicle was brought in
to reciuisidon for use, for. which enormous
prices w. repaid, and the .ticets and
sidewalks prm-n'ed afeartu 1 sight. Thou
sands oi persons and horses, inextricably
commingled poor people;, of all colors;
shade? and every nationality, from Eu
rope, China and Africa, mad with ex
citement. struggled with each other to
get away
Sene of Distress- and Distraction.
Hundreds were trampled under foot',
men and women loaded wjih bandies and
their household goods, to whose skirts
were '.aging tender infants, half dressed
and bare tooted, all seeking places of
safety, noursafter they mieht have
been seen in \ueuot lots, or on the streets
far out m the suburbs, stretched ia the
dust. I Lose are the sufiei ing iambs
who Christ calls o.i the rich world to feed
and clone. G d help them, if the heart
ol mau ‘diuuid prove obdurate. One of
the most pitiful sights w»s that of a mid
dle-aged tvui»eat/uu Elate streat, loaded
wii.ii bun dies, smuggling through a crowd
singing the Mother Goose melodv,
“Chiukery, ehiekery, erunery crow, I
went to the well to wash my toe,” &e.—
1 here weto hundreus of others likewise
distracted, and many made desperate by
whisky, w iich, from excess of thirst,they
urai)!;, in the absence of water, in great
quantities, who spread themselves in
every direction, a terror to all they met.
It is feat LI to think of the
Loss of Life.
It is corjcc ured, with gcod cause, that
near t;\e Hundred have been burned to
death. We saw four men enter a burn
ing buidmg, and in a moment they were
overwhelmed by a falling wall. There
was a crowd ol men around the corner of
a building, trying, to save property, when
the wail yielding, tLe whole of them
were buried beneath it. Abut twelve or
fifteen men, women and children' rushed
into the building of the Historical Society,
a fire proof building for safety. In 'a.
lew minutes the flames burst up and they
were turned to death. Among those who
took refuge in this building was the verier
e'oi. ft*,i"uel giune e'nAi.t» cf.
uge, for a long time connected with the.
society also John IS. Gerard and wife
and Mine. Depelgrove, a noted teacher
of music. It is feared that Dr. Frear
and family were also burned, as they
were ia the buildiug and have ncc been
seen since. Mrs. Edsali, whose husband
was muraerod last week, and who was
suffering from illness, was carried for
proteoiion to a buildiug which was after
wards consumed, and it is feared she also
perished. All the books and papers of
the Historical Society, including the or
iginal copy of the famous
Emane ijrit ioa 1 'roclama. tion
*oi President Lincoln, for which the soci
ety paid {“>25,000, were destroyed. It is
feared that a largo number of children,
inmates of the Catholic Orphan Asvlum
on State street, were also burned, as many
of them are missing. On Chicago avenue
a father rushed up stiirs to carry three
children away, when he wasovertaken by
the flames and perished with them. The
mother was afterwards seen on the street,
on the northwest sidc,a raving maniac.—
In the same neighborhood a family of five
persons perished. The list of such fatal
ities is very long, and can otly be fully
verified after the smoke shall have cleared
away.
There are hundreds of families on that
side who saved no clothing, but barely
their lives. Amoug them is the family
of Perry Smith, formerly president of the
Northwestern Railroad Company.
Celery— How to iSianch and Store for
Convenient Winter Use.
When aiCh&mbersbnrg, attending the
meeting of the Fruit Growers’ Society,
we saw the- grounds of Hr. J. Lc^Suesefrot,
a plan to have celery well blanched and
always accessible for winter use. They are
grown on the levef plan—no banking or
ridging. At the approach of freezing he
sinks barrels about two-thirds of their
depth into the ground; theu place back
the loose earth around the top band,
which makes a mound even with the top
of it; then stir up the earth ia the bottom
(uohead ia the barrel,) and pour in a
bucket of water. Pig up the plants of
celery, and setthem in this water, com
pactly; the mud settles around the roots.
It blanches in this barrel beautifully
aod comes out aqy times in’Winter, clear
of frost, and is delicous. During cold
weather the barrel is covered with a
broad board. The plants are put into
barrels compactly and dry the roots oa
ly in the mud.—Cor. Practical Farmer.
A Chicago youth receives from his
lady lore three letters daily averaging
twelve pages each. Lie thinks of start
ing a paper mill.
Money is a great lever in the affairs of
man so great a leaver; some of us can
never keep it.
To cure deafness in a man, begin to
whisper to him about a chance to make
his fortune.
Leisure is a very pleasant garment to
look at, but it is a very bad one to wea>\
The ruin of millionairs may be traced to
it.
Jones was wrong when he ascribed the
bad smell about the post-office to the
“deal letters.”