THE NEWS.
At Home.
Thr prairies are on lite from Fort Totten to
the Missouri, a distance of one bundled and

thirty-five miles.
The spoke and hub factory of Keuon <V Hale.
at New London, Win.. was destroyed by fire on
Suclay morning last.
Frances Vouslokg lias recovered 810,000
damages from J. Flynn, of Nashville, for
breach of promise and seduction.
A seventy thousand dollar conflagration is
reported from Helena, Montana. The Herald
office was included in the destruction.
A young man named Thos. Maguire was
shot and killed by a saloon-keeper named An
drew Kneafacy, in Chicago, Monday evening.
Nearly twenty persona have committed sui
tide by jumping from ferryboats plying in St.
Louis harbor during the past three months.
A Paris telegram says the supporters of the
Empire are becoming holler in their in
trigues, and agitating openly for the restora
tion.
Samuel Burroughs, a venerable citizen of
Providence, R. 1., died on Tuesday evening
while leading the players of a church emigre- j
gat ion.
W.m. Pritchard, colored, was hanged on
Friday, at Townsonton, Md., for committing a
rape on a German girl named Mary Seudel. in
August, 1870.
In Chicago, on Friday, a twelve-year-old i
boy named Brodie killed his little sister by 1
i-tricking her a blow on the back of the neck in
a fit of passion.
A special train containing railway official-|
on Sunday made the run from Philadelphia to
New York in two hours and thirty-five minutes,
the best time on record.
The Raymond A- Ely and Meadow Valley
mines, in Nevada, with only 50 stamps, are
now producing over $4,000,00!! annually, or
over one third as much as the Comstock mines
with 1.000 stamps.
The Children’s Aid So. h ty of New York sent
west on Tuesday, ninety-five children and
adults. They will be settled in the Slate of
Missouri, a majority of them in the neighbor
hood of Kansas City.
A distance of twenty five miles along the
Wabash Railroad, between New Haven and
Defiance, 0.. has been devastated by a contla
gratiou. Farmers, to save then barns and
houses, plowed around them.
The small pox is raging in Brooklyn. The
vellow flag has been placed in front of each
building where the. disease exists, and attention
given for cleanliness and proper mean to pre
vent the further spread of the disease.
The Anglo-American claims commission
have fully organized under the treaty at Wasdi
infiton. by selecting Count Corti. the Italian
Minister to the United States, as President o!
the same, and have adjourned to the middle of
November.
An explosion of sulphur occurred in (lie
Otto colliery, near Pottsville, Pa., Monday
afternoon. Patrick McMichel, George Dunlap,
Jacob Yost, and Thomas Hays were killed, and
George Baince seriously injured. One miner
e missing.
Four boys, whose parents reside on Cottage
Place, Chicago, went boat riding on the lake
Saturday afternoon, and are supposed to have
been drowned, as the boat was found floating
bottam upward several hours aftci their de
parture.
A Chicago lumber firm recently received an
order for 385,000 feet of lumber from Mr,
Maitland, the extensive Illinois farmer. The
lumber is to be used by Mr. Maitland in build
ing acorn crib, and will make one about two
miles long.
Another bloody affray occurred at Newton*
Ks.. last Wednesday. Since be killing of the
City Marshal last Monday th° oxoib merit has
been high, and culminated on Wednesday in a
conflict between the Texans and authorities, in
which Jack McDowell and a policeman were
mortally wounded.
“Rate advices from the Indian territory re
port serious depredations by the Kiowa Indi
ans. in the vicinity of Fort SiM. A number of
men wore recently killo 1 and scalped within a
few miles of that'fort. Two herders were
shot a few days ago within eight of the fort
and their bodies mutilated beyond recogni
tion.
Last March, Cullen Brown, a prominent
citizen of Detroit, died, a! the age of 7" veais.
leaving in his will contingent bequests to the
amount of 8100.000 to various Presbyteriaa or
ganizations. Hit wife, on Octol •r 3, gave
birth to a post humus chill, which becomes Ins
heir, and cuts off all the legacies in question.
About three o’clock Monday aflein >on. fift\
convict aat Sing Sing prison took th propel
lor Hugh Rattan, belong" to contractor A.
Walker, and trie 1 to escape, but Captain
Ward let go lus an bor and stopped (iio boat.
The guards fired ah ut Unity shots, but it'd
no harm. Officers from the pi Don went out
in small boats m i brought tb< m all ha i-, and
they are now locked up.
Asa portion of the bridge being constructed
over the Verdigris river, near Port Gibson, In
dian Territory, on the Missouri, Kansas and
i’exas Railroad, was l< dug raise I on Sunday,
tlie false work settled, an I (be brid te fell, car
rying withe a large number of men. two of
whom were drowned, one killed, and sixteen
seriously injured eight o* (on of whom it is
feared, fatally. The brideo was bein.; built R
Boomer A Cos., of Chicago.
A Sunderland steamer with seven hands
and an Italian brig w i‘l< nine persons on board
foundered off the mouth of the Hmubei in the
last gale Dispatches from Great Grimsby
give harrowit g details of the shipwrecks in
full sight of the people on shore. 'be master
of the American ship Bertha Thaw wa
swept from the dock during the gale and
drowned, off Randy Me. the Berth i I’iiavet
put back to Renarth Hoads. The terifiie gale
experience lat Yarmouth occasioned great dam
age to property along the s c :i coast and on the
rivci Yarn to shipping in the roads.
At Wheeling, Virginia, on Sunday, one ol
the cables of the old suspension bridge lead
ing from the foot of Sixth street to the Cres
cent iron-mill, across Wheeling Creek, broke
with nine persons on it. live of whom fell to
the creek bottom, a distance of ah nit thirtv
teet. two men. Thomas Callahan and James
Kline, were l-illcd outright, and Charles Covie
has since died. Libert Elliott. Joseph Hague
and George Akers were badly hurt. One”or
more ol the.-e will probably die. The other
three fortunately caught to'the other able and
sot off.
Foiei^n.
JrAiiiZ liais majority i t ciyiitecu in tlic
Mexican Confess. rendering his election cei
tiiu.
The Japanese merchants threaten to bum
half the stock of silk-worms eg;_s and force
the market.
Spain is to hat e i in, n ith the over
throw of the present Government, before tlie
mouth is ended.
The shipwrights of the Clyde, who have
jorned the Nine-hour League. lia\e been locked
out by their employees.
I’ouEXGX letters report the conipleti-ui of the
alliance between Germany, Austria and Italy,
with an army of 2.250.000 men for the instil
mice of European peace.
I'm: municipality of Paris has voted (wo
million francs for the r pair of the monuments
and public buildings damaged dutiiu flic siege
find reign of the Commune.
The submarine cable between Shanghai and
Nagasaki is in successful operation. The nn
toria 1 for a line between Nagasaki and Yoko
hama has been ordered, and the line will be in
working order within a year.
A thief entered the Ranking House of E.
rickson. Jennings A Mumford. in Rochester.
N. Y.. on Wednesday, and snatched a package
containing s-h.t!>o in Canada money from J.
T. Briggs as he was about to depo-it it. The
thief escaped.
In New York, on Wednesday, I>aac Davis
was arraigned for a misdemeanor and pleaded
not guilty. Tie was admitted to bail in *30,-
000. Davis is said to have offered medical as
sistance to females through the medium of
business cards thrust under the doors of on
erous houses in the city.
Two Huttons.
We eat under the porch on a bright autumn <bgr.
On our knees was the checker-board lying
Both intent on the game we leaned forward to play,
And to beat each the other was trying.
In the reach of my band my white wristband was
shown.
But uo button the two sides connected
They were tied up and held by a white string alone,
Aul they lx>ked very poor and neglected.
So 1 laughingly said to my foe on the board—
She was best of all lair and all true ones—
Won’t you lend me your buttons? They'll both be
restored
Just as soon as I purchase me new ones.
From her own wiist she b)ok them and pu them on
mine.
And I wore them two proud da>s elated
But our paths then diverged, and her loan to resign
I was forced, by my destiny fated.
In the light of the moon, as we walked arm in arm,
T gave buck the two buttons forever
But although they are gone, th-y have still kit a
charm
1 On m; wrist (hat shall part from it never.
T 'i the soft baud of kindness, the boon of good
deeds,
flow the heart loves llu ir mem'ry to cherish I
How it turns to them still, as the time still recedae,
And allows not their mtlu’uce to perish.
So in checkers I won, and to w in in the game
Of kind deeds too I tried, but won never
So in bntt’niug my wristband, she buttoned Der
name
Pn my heart and my mem'ry for ever.
y. V. Commercial Advertiser.
THE HOME OF THE REPTILES.
A \cw Departure of SnaKes—sir tliou
saiid Five llmulit-il Munghti rcil in is
Port ui girt.
The hallowing marvelous snake story
is from an lowa paper, which guaran
tees the truth of every word, and gives
the names of a number of distinguish
ed public men of the State as addition
al vouchers. It appears that a certain
Mr. Cummins owns a gypsum quarry
near Fort Dodge, and employs a force
of some twenty-live men in the stone.
He Ims worked it only a year or two,
but ever since he opened every spring
and fall his men have suffered serious
inconvenience and annoyance from the
myriads of snakes that have a deu in
the crevices, and swarm in during the
fal'and out in the spring. The quarry
has a northern exposure, the kind that
is always chosen by snakes as a den,
for tlie season that it ts not affected by
th° premature thawing and freezing of
rarlv spring, as a southern slope would
be.
As soon as the weather gets settled
in the spring and the effects of the
April sun is felt, the serpents begin to
slinw them, elves and the battle begins.
From out of the crevices and the nooks
of the rocks the reptiles swarm, crawl
ing up the slope ol the bluff’, basking
in the sun, or hastening away over the
prairie to their summer haunts. Now
comes the tug of war. The foreman of
the quarry is compelled to detail two
men to tight the hideous things, that
the men may work, and one is kept
carrying away the dead in a wheelbar
row and hurrying them, to that the
numberless festering bodies will not
breed disease. And from all the sur
rounding country the snake hunters
throng to enjoy the sport of killing
snakes, and among them they go slash
ing and striking until the poisonous
odor compels them to beat a retreat.
Twenty five snakes in fifteen minutes is
a common haul.
The editor of the paper in question,
in company with a number of other
gentlemen, recently paid a visit to the
<lnarry. The sun w as just warming up
the northern slope when the party ar
med and (his is his description ef what
followed:
From out of crevices the snakes
were crawling in all directions, and
‘swash,’ ‘swash,’wont the lingo clubs
of the two nen who were defending
their fellow workmen, and every blow
was the death of a snake. Just tit our
feet crawled a deadly mocassin, while
to the right and left, spotted adders
amt chasers squirmed and hissed as
they twined among the stones or es
caped tip the Mull Directly in front
of us lay a pile of dead serpents as
large as a two bit hel basket, w hile on
the face of the sloping blurt’ w< re prob
ibly 300 reptiles who had escaped the
clubs of the men, and were hastening
away to the prairie, their elevated heads
and writhing bodies transforming the
bluff into no mythical Gorgan head,
•lust above us, on a ledge of rocks, was
a huge adder, and Mr. Cummins pick
ing up a piece of rock, heaved it upon
I him. pinning him to the ledge, but the
j snake was game some three feet of
iiis body was tree, and gathering him
self up would leap full at us with all
ins force, hissing and opening his jaws
m a way that made the blood run cold,
and the next leap he made,a blow from
j oui anc s**ut his head spinning a score
of feet,and the bleeding trunk dropped
to the earth bclo.v.
i’he snakes are said to retire into
their den about 2 p. m. every day, after
which all is quiet until the sun’s rays
again reach the quaary, when the same
thing is repeated. Two hundred and
a veuty-five snake were killed that day,
the number for two weeks footing up
<>,500, while it is supposed that ten
times that number escaped. On the
1 Uh of October the snakes commence
to return and enhr their dens for win
ter, when the slaughter is repeated.—
The ledge of the quarry is twenty-two
hit in height, and nearly perpendicu
lar, and down that distance they crawl,
e and hing on a crag, end. with a twist of
the tail, they disappear in the dark
crevices for their long sleep.
Last fall the 14th day of October
came unnoticed by the men they were
bu-y with then toil in the rock below.
The foreman was half stooping, drill
ing a rock preparatory fora blast, when
suddenly across his neck dropped a
monstrous spotted adder hanging and
hissing, half his length on either side.
<>n looking up they saw fifty cr more
snakes pouring over the edge of the
cliff, and crawling down the ledge.
Thou it occurred to them that the 14th
day of October had come, and for the
next two weeks swamis of snakes kept
pouring in. 'This q< ..rrv, with its den
<d snakes, is worthy ot the attention of
of the curious and scientific. It has
doubtless for centuries been a resort of
erpeuts, fur at the bottom of the ledge
ot gypsum, where it joins on the iron
ore. are found the petrified bodies of
snakes.
Who has nut hoard of Moore’s IU hal
New Yorker, whose twenty years of
success and usefulness have taught onr
people the important facts of Agricul
ture and their kindred sciences, and
created departments for the naturalist,
the herdsman, the gardener, the dairy
man. and others. But this is not ail.
The farmer has found it a paper for his
family, full of instruction and interest,
and giving varied information in litera
ture and the arts. Its moral tone is of
the highest, and its domestic depart
ment sn li as the farmer’s wife finds
most useful. The issue for 1872 will
appear in a more convenient form, both
for reading and binding, though it will
still be larger than Harper’s Weekly.
The price, however (as will be seen by
the advertisement in another column),
is reduced to £2.50 per year, and only
£2.00 to clubs. This must still more
largely increase the popularity of a
journal already in advance of all others
in ns sphere.
great riiiiiS in rm
Most Valuable Portion cf the
City Burned.
LOSS MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
UAHT PEOPLE KILLED
Chicago, Oct. H. A conflagration
last night dost roved the buildings in
the four squares bounded on tlie north
by Adams street, west by Clinton, south
by Van Huron and east by the Chicago
River. Some four or live buildings
within the limits named remain unin
jured, among them Vincent, Nelson
Co.’s grain warehouse, one ot the larg
est in the city, which escaped any se
rious damage. The ground burned
over was covered with a lumber yard,
coal yard, wood yard, it planing mill, a
vinegar factory, and a large number of
dwellings and, saloons of the poorer
class. A close estimate of the entire
loss places it at from two hundred and
lifty to three hundred thousand dollars,
with probably one half that amount in
surance.
Chicago, Oct. 8, 11:30 b. m.— Anoth
er terrible conflagration is now raging
here, The fire commenced near Taylor
street, midway between Dolevan and
Jefferson, is spreading in every direc
tion; and covers at least ten blocks sit
this hour, and still seems beyond con
trol. The blocks arc built up solidly,
almost exclusively of two-story frame
houses, occupied as residences, board
ing houses, saloons, groceries, etc.
12:15 a. m., 0th —The conflagration
has already devastated at least twenty
block, mostly composed of the smaller
class of dwellings, inhabited mainly by
poorer people. Not less than three
hundred buildings have been entirely
destroyed, and more than that number
of families rendered homeless. The
district already burned over embraces
a large number of lumber yards, freight
depots of the Chicago r St. Louis and
Pittsburg, Ft. Way no and Chicago
Railroads.
A board was blown across to the east
side of the river and set fire to it wooden
building direct ly adjoining the Chicago
I gas house. The flames spread in every
[direction, the adjoining buildings be
ing all of the t ndei'-box kind. The
prospect is that the gas house will be
destroyed and the city wrapped in
darkness.
The bridge across Van Buren street
is burned, the shipping in the river,
the cars on the track the Chicago
and Alton and Fort Wayne roads, with
the immense freight house there, are
swept away.
9, a. m.— Over one-half of the South
Side and a large portion of the North
Side, are reduced to ashes. The city is
ablaze from Twelfth to F.rie streets,
and the fire is spreading rapidly in all
directions making a clean sweecp along
its course.
The streets are hteraiL packed with
thousands of wagons loaded with furni
ture and valuables, saved from the
burning buildings. The loss of life is
great. As yet no estimate of the num
ber can be made. Thousands are leav
ing the city to seek new quarters.
The Court House, Chamber of Com
merce, V. esteru Union Telegraph office,
Revere, Sherman ami Palmer houses,
and several elevators and railroad de
pots lie in mins.
Assistance from all parts is hurrying
te the city.
Business is entirely suspended. All
the inmates of the jail under the Court
House were roasted alive. Their num
ber is not known. All communication
with the Hast destroyed.
Later, 9:30 a. m. Far well Hall, the
Opera House, Field, Lei ter Co.’s dry
goods house, Tremont House, Tiibune
and Postofliee and Water Works are all
burned.
The Best iiatmn cf ti e I'mmcli Imlnu
iii f y.
Now that a considerable portion of
the war indemnity I.soo. ooo.(toofrancs
-dias been liquidated by France, it is
interesting to know what has become
lof the money. Some information on
i the subject is supplied by the Prussian
correspondent of the Timee. lie says:
In the fir-t place, 325,000, 000f., being
I the purchase money for the Alsatian
railways, must be deducted from the
j sum total. The re t, 1,175,000,000f. is
j equal to 313,000,000 thalers. Of these,
i 1,809,000 thalers have been reserved to
endow the generals, ami another 4,090,-
i 000 thalers to assist those members of
j the Laudwehr and reservs, whose pccu
j niary circumstances have suffered in
the war. Two million thalers more will
indemnify the Germans expelled from
i France: 7,000,000 thalers are allotted
Jto shipowners, whose vessels were
i seized <>r detained in harbor b\ the
blockade and about 20,000,000 thalers
j have to go to the inhabitants of Alsace
-and Lorraine for damages sustained
i and provisions supplied both, to I'Tence
and Genitalis in the campaign. Add to
this 5,000,000 thalers required for re
pairs and rollingstock of the Alsace Lor
i mine railways, and we have a total of
12,000,000 thalers consume* I in real cess
ing some of the evils wrought by the
war. Of the remaining 271,000,000
thalers, government would, under new
act of Parliament, be entitled to appro
priate 210,000,000 thalers as a pension
for invalids; but as the whole sum is
not required at once, and as the Indi- i
vidual states are anxious to have a por
tion of their war expenditure reim
bursed. it is assumed that only 31,000,-
000 will revert to the pension list for
the present, and the remaining 240,-
000,000 be distributed. The division is
made according to the number of men
supplied by each state. In other words,
Prussia, or rather the late North Ger
man Confederacy, receives five sixths
I of the while, the remaining sixth be
ing portioned out between Bavaria,
Wnrtemberg, Baden, and the southern
half of Hesse, which before the war had
I a separate contingent. The 200,000,000
thalers thus accruing to North Ger- i
many will be employed in replenishing
the war treasury, and cancelling a por
tion of the war debt. The war treas-
ury amounts, it is well known, to 30,-
000,000 thalers. As to the war debt,
treasury bonds to the amount of 35,-
000,000 thalers were n deemed in the
last few weeks, (is,000,0(K) thalers more
fell due before the Ist of February, and
17,000,000 paper money are to be with
drawn from circulation in the course of
the present year.
An old Chinaman Tilled a voting one
a few days ago in Sun Francisco, be
cause lie was correcting him for treat
ing his joss irreverently. Ah Chew was
smoking opium in tiie houseof Ah Wall,
ami persisted in dropping the ashes on
the toss's head, which Ah Wall didn't
like. So he gave him a sound reproff
by striking him on the head with a
heavy cudgel. All Chew returned the
action by drawing a knife and dropping
Ah Wall on the spot.
THE NEW IRISH LEADER.
Isaac liiiil. Hie Coming Ilanirl (l’( im
nt-11.
Justin McCarthy writes to the New
York Mail, of the man who is now dis
tinguishing himself as the great advo
cate, in Britain, of Fenian prisoners,
and the leader of the Irish liberals
Long years ago, when most of ns
were boys, Butt distinguished himself
as an opponent of O’Couuell’s. He
was a professor of political economy
and a lawyer. Then he suddenly
flashed into a genuine renown as the
defender of Thomas Francis Meagher'
in the Irish State trials of three-and
twenty years ago. and since
then, 1 heard him often and 1 think,
allowing for all the detects arising from
an impulsive and irregular nature, and
an exuberant physique, he was one of
the most eloquent and persuasives peak
ers I have ever heard. He had a mag
nificent voice, none the worse for its
rich depth of sonorious Irish accent,
and has flashing eyes that reminded
you of the description of
Robert Burns. He was any
thing but a handsome man; his face
looked like that of a negro blanched;
but his eyes, his voice, and his power
ful frame lent him dignity and some
thing like grandeur. I think in Ids
best days lie must have somewhat re
sembled Mirabeau. He was at this
time, although he defended the Irish
prisoners, a Tory and a Protectionist.
He was taken up by the English Pro-j
tectionists and became the pet oratoi
of their great meetings. Through thisj
interest he entered the Hofise of Com
mons ns the representative of an Eng
lish Tory borough. Gradually he re
nounced Toryism and became a Liber
al. But meanwhile he was falling fast
into ruin. He lost his practice at tin.
bar, because no one could trust him to
keep his engagements. He became
renowned in London as a gambler,
a spendthrift, a scapegrace of
every kind. I shrink from saying to
what depth of degredation sank tins
richly gifted, generous man. At last
ho disappeared from Parliament and
from society. He was past the prime
of life, and every one regarded him as
gone forever But after some years he
turned up again, resumed the practice
of his profession in Dublin, and was
said to have put aside v, holly the errors
—not of his youth, but of his well
matured years. Ho became the must
conspicuous advocate of (he F'liian
prisoners, and. unlike most vary elo
quent pleaders, Butt is a profound and
a wily lawyer, as well as a persuasive,
powerful orator. He soon recovered
his forfeited popularity, and has, I be
lieve, well-nigh regained his place in
society. If he goes into Parliament
again, and becomes the leader of the
Irish nationalist party there, h** will
lend to that party a foieeand a subtlety
which it now badly wants.
Setting aside Gladestone and John
Bright, of course, 1 know of no man
among the English liberals t<> be com
pared for eloquence and capacity with
big Isaac Butt. If lie really does set
out in anew career, every one will wish
him well. The man, never, I think,
had an enemy, even among the credit
ors whom he neglected and the cabmen
whose fares he sometimes would not
pay. After all, he still has time to
make a name, for although lie was a dis
tinguished man five and thirty years
ago, his not sixty years old now. lie
I began life soon and lived many lives.
1 Perhaps he will find his real career now
I at last.

The Colliery Disaster at Wigan More
Lives Sacrificed.
The explosion at Messrs. Pearson ,V
1 Knowles’ Moss Pits, luce, near Wigan,
bids fair to rival, in the sensational
character of its incidents, il nol in th*>
number of lives sacrificed, the terrible
catastrophe at Luudhill. On the ‘ditth
nit., iit the very outset of the op* ration;
begun for the recovery of the bodies of
colliers now entombed in the Wigan
nine feet seam, several more were added
to the number of the slain, and il is
marvellous that this list does not in
clude Hu* names of the government in
spector for the district, and many of
the most eminent mining engineers in
South Lancashire. In the morning the
l engineers, who have hitherto directed
I the operations at the colliery, not to
i consult as to the desirability <>f reopen
ing the shafts. It was their unan-
I imous decision to proceed with tin*
opening ot the shafts, as the state of
the temperature was thought to la* a
sufficient indication that the tuv had
been extinguished. The resolution ol
the engineers was not made public, a
it was certain to attract a large crowd
to the pit; but the work of uncovering
both shafts was proceeded with shortly
after three o’clock. Mr. Jac<*b Higson
was looking over the mouth ot the up
cast, which bad been partially opened
I for at neither shaft had ii been consid
ered advisable to remove the whole oi
I the covering—when he remarked to
Mr. Knowles that all seemed so quiet
below that a descent might be attempt
ed very shortly. He had scarcely com
pleted his sentence, and was still lock
ing over the shaft, when he heard <i
I rush of wind from below. This was
followed by a long blast ot tire, which
in its turn was succeeded by a report
almost equal to that of a park of artil
j lory. The engineers and officials .bind
ing at the month of the upcast shaft
were blown a dozen yards on to a rail
way, and they had hardly time to
look round before a dense cloud ol
smoke issued from the downcast, above
I which was a sheet of flame, wln.li rose
to a heiglith of from twenty to thirty
I yards above the head-gear. Mr. Ilig
son, the government inspector, was at
I tlie moment of the explosion walking
between t lie two shafts. He was
knocked down, but his injuries were
not serious. On a visit being paid to
the downesat, it was found that nearly
every one there bad been severely hurt,
and at least four or five of the workmen
employed had been killed. This ex
plosion sets at rest all question as to
the existence of a fire in the mine, a
point which has been gravely debated
during the past week by those who,
having friends below, deprecated the
sudden closing of the shafts. There
cannot now be a doubt that a fire is
raging and that the explosion of the
20th ult. was caused by the fresh air
being driven upon the lire. It is
scarcely possible to give any descrip
tion of the excitement, which was pre
vailing iu Wigan and the surrounding
district. The report was heard for sev
eral miles, and the sheet of llame was
seen distinctly in several places within
the borough. The names of the killed
cannot be accurately ascertained, and
it is very doubtful if the full number
is yet known. It was the unanimous
opinion yesterday that it would be
wanton risk of life to attempt to re
place the stopping, and only one other
way could be suggested of extinguish
ing the fire, and that was to flood the
colliery. Three sources of water sup
ply were at hand, so it was decided t<>
make an attempt to drown out the lire
without delay. The laying of the pipes
was commenced.
Viuoinia is re-establishing her whip
ping-posts.
AN ISLAND ON FIRE.
Startling Volcanic Eruption on one ol
ilic Mimhvifh IhlumU.
From Scribner’s Magazine for Octol**r.
The sources of volcanic eruptions in
Hawaii sire i wo. First, the crater of
Ki-huise-:;, situated upon the eastern
slope of this mountain, and about mid
way between the summit and the sea.
It is a vast pit, nine miles in circum
ference, sunk in the Hank of the moun
tain, and varying in depth, indifferent j
years, from a thousand to fifteen hun
dred feel, according as the sea of mol
ten lava beneath its floor is athigh tide
or at ebb. For years this floor will be j
slowly raised by the accumulating lavas
below; and when the lateral pressure
becomes at last too great to lie resist
ed, the molten torrent, rending its way
with irte istibleforce through roek and j
earth, and shaking the whole island with j
the throes ol its progress, finally breaks j
I t the surface, ten or twenty miles from i
the crater. The river of fire leaps from j
the ground, a mighty fountain that
sometimes plays a thousand feet high, i
with a jet that is several hundred feet
in diameter, and pours down the Hank j
of the mountain toward the sea. This
it often reaches, enlarging the area of I
the island by pushing out new capes I
and promontories ot lava into the wa-
ter. The lava thus ejected may re
main, in many places, warm and srnok-1
mg for months after the eruption has I
•eased yet I have seen spots where i
the natives, pulverizing the cooled lava,
and mixing it with a few dead leaves
before planting it, had obtained good
crops of sweet potatoes from what was
a year before a torrent of liquid tire.
Nature thus renews the soil, furnishing
a bran new article at each eruption,
white hot from her chemical laboruto
rics in the ••(‘litre of the earth.
With each eruption “the bottom is
knocked out,” so to speak, of the great
crater of Kilau-e-a. The flood of mol
i.-ij lava upon winch it rests rapidly
drained away, and the vast Hour of in
durated lava, an area of six square
miles at the bottom of the pit, goes
crashing still farther downward, three,
four, live hundred feet towards the
central fires; as when the water—to
compare great things with small—is let
•jH from a frozen mill pond, and the
ice settles down upon the bottom. The
mountain wall is probably not en
i tiiely solid and compact, as the lavas
are extremely fluid, and in running off
honeycomb its structure, leaving nu
merous caverns behind them, through
j them, through which subsequent erup
tions force their way. Yet the pressure
of lava required to rend the mountain
wail is estimated at not less than five
hundred pounds to the square inch, or
a million pounds for a stream two feet
deep and seven foot broad. When the
breadth <*t the lava stream is measured
by miles instead of feet, force enough
1 is exerted to shake the island to its
verv foundations.
T 1 e grand eruptions of Ki-lau-e a oc
cur, wath some approach to regularity,
at intervals of about eight years. But
the volcano does not, like Vesuvius,
cEtna, or Slrombolt, confine its activ
ity to special occasions. The fire
rages continually in the southern end
ot the great crater, where a lake of
melted lava tosses its red surges and
and pours forth its sulphurous vapors
without ceasing. This lake, the “Hale
Maiiman,*’ or House of Everlasting
Fire” of the old heathen mythology,
may be safely approached by the trav
eler at almost any time.
The appearance of this lake varies
greatly, however, at different times.
Sometimes the lava is so far sunken
below its hanks that the traveller can
not roach it, and comes away quite dis-
I appointed with what he has seen.
j Ami iu, in tiiuen of reut activity, <Jic
fiery sea may overflow upon the bottom
of the crater, or force itself up through
numerous cracks and chasms in the
floor of mid united lavas, J was once
in the bottom of Ivi-lau-c a when the
lava, boiling up from below, overflowed
its banks in a manner so uniform and
measured as to congeal around the
edges of the great lake, and build for
it-elf a barrier around Hie fearful cal
dron of fire. The lava, thus walled in,
gradually rose many leet above the lev
el when' 1, with others, stood, at first
quite unconscious of the terrific process
I that was going on near ns. The fiery
I waves, lapping over the margin, con
gealed. where they fell, and thus glided
up, little by lit tle their enclosing wall.
The surface of this st'a of tiro was ele
vated about thirty feet above the level
|of the bottom of the crater; it was a
I boiling mass of fluid lavas, half a mile
in diameter, that surged and thundered
and sent down a threatening roar,
i Splashes of liquid fire hurled over tlie
margin of its confined barrier, tell
i among our company. Warned by this
danger, we withdrew a short distance
I and awaited the breaking forth of the
I imprisoned fire. We hail hardly gained
i our new point of observation be for the
lava wall gave way in two places with a
thundering crash and roar, and
from each of the rents thus
made a torrent of liquid tire
I poured over a cliff fifty feet high, into
the rough channel ol a former tiow.
Roaring, glowing, smoking, and
wreathed in bluish flames, it ground
along the lava channel with a peculiar
dull thunder, that was caused by the
ponderous weight of the molten mass.
It lapped up huge rocks and bore them
j away upon its surface; I could see
them oscillate sluggishly upon the red
river, and finally melt and sink into it
like so much was. The power and
splendor of this sudden display, the
fierce sweep of the mighty torrent, the 1
strange process that had heaped up the 1
flood of lava to disgorge it with such
resistless power, all made a spectacle
never to be forgotten by any of the j
party who witnessed.
How a Joke Ended.
Borne two weeks ago a party of Car
roll township boys started home about
midnight, going up the pike on horse
back. At the Valley Inn school house
they halted, to have a moment's talk
before separating. While there a man
rode somewhat hastily down the pike.
The boys determined to find out who
he was and where he had been. So
they called out in sport, Stop, thief!
Halt The rider, instead of stopping,
spurred on his horse. One of the
boys followed, crying out, “Halt!”
The stranger, finding himself in danger
of beingstoppcd, got oil’and took to the
woods. Somewhat dismayed at the se
rious turn the joke was taking, the un
known was told to come back. No at
tention was paid to this, however, ami
the mysterious stranger lied through
the woods out of sight. The horse was
taken back and put in a stable at Val
ley Inn. Now comes the queer part of
the story. The next morning a man
came down the pike with word, that a
horse had been stolen the night before.
He was told about the strange horse,
and on going to the stable found the
lost animal. So tlie intended joke
turned out to beth" pursuit of a actual
horse thief. No wonder the iascal was
scared when the young men called out,
“Stop thief!” —Mononyahcla Repub
lican.
A Confederate monument is in
course of construction at Athens, Ga,
Products of France.
France, with an area of 132,000,000
acres, leas than Texas, 154,000,000
acres, produced in 180S 360,000,000
bushels of wheat the United States
in the same year produced but 210,-
000,000 bushels. In 1867 we exported
$9,500,000 worth of wheat to England,
while France exported $11,000,(MX) of
butter alone to spread upon it; or more
butter in money value than all our
breadstuffs together.
France produced 230,000,000 bushels
of oats against 170,000,000 for the Uni
ted States, 70,000,000 bushels rye
against our 20,000,000 60,000,000 bu
shels barley against our 12,900,000
and 32,000,000 bushels buckwheat
against our 12,000,000. And though
her grazing area and pasture is so limit- j
ed in comparison with ours, she had
4.000. horses and mules against our
4,250,000 12,000,000 of cattle to our
15,000,000 and 30,000,000 sheep to our
24.000. We regard the smaller agri
cultural industries in this country as
of little value, and not deserving ser
ious attention but France exported to
England alone m 1866as much in value
of eggs as we did of bacon and ham to j
all the world. France has a territory
that divides but 31 acres to each in-!
habitant, while ours divides more than
fifty.
In all her industries, in fact, France
proves more than a match for us, as
well as in agriculture. We beat her in
cotton and tobacco, and there we rest.
For the year 1868 her imports were
$679,000,000, and her exports $581,-
000,000 while for the same year the
imports of the United States were $381.-
000,000, and tne exports $411,000,000,
of which $72,000,000 was gold and sil
ver, and $163,000,000 cotton and us
France exported neither of these, there
was really, but $206,000,000 left to re
present the whole product of our agri
cultural and manufacturing industry for
export, against the $581,000,096 which
represents the exports of France. Two
tilths of the population reside in the
cities and three tilths in the country
and more than two-thirds of the people
own the houses they occupy, and two
thirds of the entire area is under yearly
cultivation.
This is because of that minute sub
j division of land which gives so many
i freeholds to the people, and makes the
once vast idle estates of the nobles and
clergy forever impossible. The law
j rigidly divides all patrimonies equally
among children, so that there are row
over 3,000,000 farms in France of ten
acres, and less, area. France lias a
population of 38,000,000, and that of
tire United States is about the same.
1 Who can question the ability of the liist
nation in Europe, industrially oousid
ered, to rise triumphant from its recent
military reverses, and resume her form
-1 er place and influence among the na
lions
Russian Cholera---Tin* Present Scourge
Not the Asiatic.
The London Times is of the opinion
that the cholera which lias caused so
much speculation and no little alarm is
not the real Asiatic malady. It origin
ated, not on the Ganges, hut in Russia,
where it has been more or less preva
lent for the last six years, and has even
raged more violently than during the
present season. It is not a traveling
pestilence, but a contagions malady.
This is rendered apparent by the im
possibility of tracing that well defined
I and rapid advance which has heretofore
characterized the true Asiatic holera.
In reality, during the critical
j season of the last six weeks
jit can hardly be said to have
advanced,” though it has certainly
Ihioh cpromling from oi-nter to ClVCUni
ference. It has never bodily reached
Berlin, still less Paris, and with the
approach of winter its sphere may by
possibility be contracted once more.
If this is encouraging in one aspect it
is not in another, because where the
disease comes it is apt to stay. Be
sides the disorder is not yet at all un
derstood. Under any treatment or no
treatment, a certain number of patients
die and a certain number recover, the
proportion being for the most part uni
form, home preventive means seem
to be eflecutal. It is doubtful it the
disease ever crosses the Atlantic, though
no precautions against it should be
neglected.
A Horrible Seme.
A correspondent who witnessed the
balloon accident at Paoli, Indiana, on
Saturday, thus describes the death ot
Wilbur:
“Prof Wilbm held on and attempt
ed to climb into the basket,but was un
able to do so, and the balloon shot up
rapidly with the professor hanging be
low. The spectators were thrilled with
horror at the terrible scene, which end
ed in a dreadful manner. At the height
of about one mile, the doomed man
loused his hold ahd came whirling to
the earth. At the height he had at
tained he lookedlikea little stick about
a foot long. As he approached the.
earth he was coming down feet foremo t
and then spread them out sideways; then
doubled up and turned over; then
straightened out, head downwards. As
he struck the earth he fell upon his I
head, and the back of his head was 1
mashed into an indistinguishable mass
and his body bruised and crushed hor
ribly. The concussion was so great!
that half a gallon of blood was thrown j
from his month. His body made an
identure in the ground eight inches
deep, and rebounded four feet from
where it struck. To add to the painful
character of the accident, the profes
sor’s young wife and little daughter
were on the grounds and witnessed the
terrible affair. The remains of the un
fortunate man were properly cared for,
and buried at Paoli.”
Hyde Park.
Hyde Park is a great place to study
English society from outside. Before
noon it is given up to children riding
with their masters or grooms, or walk
ing with their nurses and governesses—
such children as one seldom secs no
where else, with golden hair, great
eyes, angels' faces and prise calves.—
From twelve till two o’clock daily hun
dreds of men and women on horseback
pass along Rotten Row, the great ride
of the park, where no wheeled thing ev
er enters, and almost without exception
these men and women are well-dressed,
well mounted, and followed by well
dressed, well mounted grooms. Under
the noble trees of the wide gravel
walks which border the ride lounge
hundreds and hundreds of men and
women on foot, watching the riders.
Between two and three o’clock riders
and walkers have disappeared every
body is at luncheon. Three hours
later the park is crowded again, but
everybody is driving now you see few
on foot, and hardly any one on horse
back, but every sort of vehicle, from
the four-in-hand drag, down through
all varieties of the coach species, open
and close, to the pony phaeton. And
what strikes an American most is that
none of these people have anything to
do. —October number of
Magazine,
Morning,
Perhaps therp is no description of the coming on
of light so perfect as that which Shellev has given us
in his little poem, “The Boat on the Serchio
The stars Burnt out in the pale blue air.
And the thin white moon lay withering there
To tower, and cavern, and rift, and tree,
The owl and the bat tied drowsily.
May had kindled the dewy woods,
And the rocks above and the streams below.
And the vapors in their multitudes,
Aud the Apennine’s shroud of summer snow,
And clothed w ith light of aijy gold
The mists in the eastern caves unroll'd.
Day had awaken'd all things that be—
The lark aud the thrush aud the swallow free
Aud the milkmaid’s song and the mower’s scythe,
And the matin bell and the mountain bee.
Fire-flies wire quenched on the dewy com.
Glow-worms went out on the river's brim,
l/ik>' lamps which a student forgets to trim
The beetle forgot to wind his horn
The crickets were still in tb“ meadow and bill.
Wit ami Wisdom.
Notes of Admiration—Love letters.
The best band to accompany a lady
vocalist—a husband.
When is a voting lady “very like a
whale When site’s panting.
Some lawyers can’t sleep. They lie on
one side, and turn over and lie on the
other.
Motto for sewing machine As you
sew, so shall you rip. Is not muslin in
the open air “played out?”
An Ohio young man had a girl, whom
he was courting, arrested for biting bis
lips. The fool! couldn't he bite back
“What would make a good leading
article for me to-morrow?” asked a
wicked editor of a wit. A halter,”
was the sententious reply.
A companion-piece to the Battle of
Dorking” has just been published in
one of the India papers, styled, “How
we lost India.”
A sensible lady of mature years says
that it does not look well for a young
j lawyer to put his arm around a girl at
a circus and comb her hair with his
fingers.
Here is a Saratoga epitaph
Here lies the wife of Robert llicular,
lie walked the way of bod perpendicular.”
A young gentleman speaking of a
young beauty’s fashionable yellowish
hair called it pure gold. “It ought to
be,” said a bystander, “it looks like
1 twenty-four carrots.”
Good remedies for corns, easy
I shoes; for bile, exercise: for rheumat
ism, new flannel and patience; for gout,
toast aud water; for the toothache, a
‘dentist: for debt, industry; for love,
matrimony.
A little four year-old while combing
her father’s hair last Sabbath was asked
if she saw any white hairs? “Yes,”
was the reply, “it looks just as if it
had been snowing in your upper
story.
A Summer boarder (a very close cal
culator), recently astonished the land
lord by asking him how much he was
going to deduct from his board bill be
cause he had had two teeth extracted.
Next!
Moke revenge for the Union.—Saxon
tourist at Irish railway station —-“What
time does the half past eleven train
start, Paddy?” Porter, “At thirty
minutes to twelve, sharmp, sor.
An Ohio paper asserts that Mr. Per
ry Culberston died in Zanesville, on
Saturday last, from the effects of
I over exertion at a lire in that place in
1811.”
They have at last discovered a mon
ster at Narragansett. Instead of a sea
monster it is a she monster -a tooth
less old maid, who goes about talking
gossip and slander and creating trouble
generally.
A Montreal boatman believes that
lie has caught a veritable sea serpent,
nine feet long, with neither fins nor
feet, amt having scales and <t flat head,
like an alligator's, with deep sunken
I eyes.
Speaking of a minister whose ser
mons contained a little of everything
and not much of anything:
His tall, is like a stream which runs
With rapid change from rocks to roses
1* slips from politics to puns.
It glides from Mahomet to Moses.
What can be wetter than a woman
with a cataract in her eye. a waterfall
on her head, a creek in her back, forty
springs in hor skirt, and high-tied
shoes Why, one with a notion in her
head and swimming in tears.
It was once remarked, in the hearing
ot a little girl of thirteen, that all
things came In chance, and that the
world, like a mushroom, sprang up in a
night. “I should like t<> know, sir,”
asked the child, “where the seed came
from
Greeley's recipe for preserving
peaches -Cut in strips not less than
fifteen inches long; spread them out
on the grass to bleach for three *ays,
and finally sprinkle with cinnamon,
and pack in air tight jars tilled with
sawdust—JV. 1. Commercial.
Newport has grown to be a very ex
pensive and almost exclusive resort.
In the eyes of the aristocratic “cot
tagers" the hotel “people” are of little
account, the former being owners of
places which elsewhere might be called
villas, and cost from ten to fifty thou
sand a year to maintain.
Among the Sunday-school children of
a certain church was a poor little fel
low. He could not tell the number of
the house in which he lived, and he
was charged wlu n he next came to
school to bring it. The next time he
app aretl he was asked ii he brought
the number. No, sir,” said he “it
was nailed so tight on the door that I
couldn’t get it oil.”
Sitllebs, the comraedian, being one
evening behind the scenes, fomented
with a violent toothache, the barber of
the theatre offered to relieve him by
pulling it. “No, my good friend,” re
plied he, no, 1 can not spare a tooth
now, but on the 10th day of Juno the
house closes, and yon may then draw
every tooth I have, for I am sure, after
that, I shall have nothing to eat.”
An elderly lady of Norwich who was
handling a set of false teeth in a dent
al office and admiring the fluency with
which the doctor described them, ask
ed him, “Can a body eat with these
things?” “My dear madam,
tion can be performed with a facility
scarcely equaled by nature herself,” re
sponded the doctor. “Yes, I know,
but can a body eat with them
A woman recently went into an
apothecary store in Fairhaven and
asked for a plaster. The pharmaceutist
inquired what kind of a plaster was
wanted, but the woman was unable to
give any description. Hoping, to get
some idea of what was required, the
man of drugs then asked; “Where
is the plaster to go “Oh answer
ed the woman, to the head of the riv
ar.”
Barbers should frequently wasli
their hands. A stranger whose nose
had been gripped for the eighth time
by the offensive fingers of his tousoral
manager, Saturday evening, blew the
soap from his mouth and suddenly in
quired, “was the body identified?
What body asked the startled sha
ver. “What body?” repeated the
stranger in surprise. “Why, haven t
you been on a coroner’s jury i Jlnrt
tord Timex.