THE JOURNAL.
THE JOURNAL. FREMONT SANDUSKY CO., OHIO.
FRIDAY, October 27, 1871.
FRIDAY, October 27, 1871. TOWN AND COUNTY MATTERS.
Readables.
It beat alL
Evenings are lengthy.
Piatt Brush u Building.
Insurance men are busy
If you doa't know, guess.
Kenton needs a new jail.
more circosc this yer.'
Sorghum maker are busy.
Winter apples are coining in.
Sunday wsu a delightful day.
True courage is cool and calm.
Kenton had a horse fair last week.
Horse buyers are steady and quiet
The barefoot season is about orer.
They are diminishing in number.
Political matters are quiet just now.
Medicine humbugs abound in Tiffin.
Our hotels are doing a good business.
The Medina county fair netted $1200.
Counter attractions handsome clerks.
Gid Stewart has retired from public life.
Our plant has gone into winter quarters.
The Teteran fisherman is a prime fighter.
Tbe social club is to be reorganised soon.
Cisterns and wells have fallen into disuse.
A crying sin taking babies to a concert.
The latest thing in dresses night dresses.
A question of time asking a lady her age.
Flies still linger about out of pure obstinacy.
Naughty boys gather chessnuts on Sunday
Rain water would be a curiosity in this ic
eimty. Cards of every description printed at this
office.
Cider is ripe and in most section has been
pickei-
Sale bills printed at this office on short
notice.
Six good carpenters are wanted in Port
Clinton.
High hate for ladies will be tho style tb;s
season.
Cunduraudo has been superceeded by red
clover.
Publishing ;aper is hot work in these fire
y times.
Ed. Underbill is the fastest driver in the
State.
When your "brain is on fire" you may as
well blow it out,
-It! otto for sewing machines asrou sew so
shall yon rip.
White of the Tiffin Star is watching spots
on the son.
The drunkest man of 1S71 was in town on
Saturday.
Ole Bull is expected in Sanduekv some time
next mouth.
The weather lately has been favorable for
for dry jokes.
Findlay is to have a course of lectures the
coming winter.
The Genoa poet has been singed by late fires
that flection.
It is time to commence watching for celestial
pyrotechnics.
It is about time our city was isited by an
other theater.
Dog skin gloves are worn by gentlemen in
preference to kid.
Henry Reed, formerly of this city is located
atPort Jarvis,N:T.
We are indebted to Mr. L II. Burgoon for
late Colorado papers.
The man who was injured by a burst of ap
plause is recovering. v
Ventilation is the best medicine that can be
be used in a sick room.
Pour houses in Oberlin were burglarized in
one night last week.
Elmore has a poet and a ghost The latter
it the best of the two.
If you dont know ask your neighbor, but
by ail means find out
The latset method of raising pigs by hand
is to lift them by the tail.
The name of Market street is to be changed
to Birchard Avenue.
Sandusky was loth to respond to the ap
peals for aid from Chicago.
The Grand Lodge of Ohio Masons was hold
at Mansfield last week.
"Broad Ax" has been chopping temperance
timber in Wood county.
The citizens of Milan are again agitated
over a new railroad project
A farmer near Monrocville, has au apple
tree which is now in full bloom.
It does not follow that the man who bolts
hit food will have the lock-jaw
The rumor that Quilter had changed his
name is without any foundation.
A fire and a highway robbery were the only
sensations at Lima, last week.
Last Saturday was a busy day. It was so
dry farmers could not stay at home.
Norwalk has pledged (100,000 to the pro
posed Wheeling and Lake Erie Railroad.
The waiting room in the Bellevue depot has
been refurnished and made quite comfortable.
The Waggouer poisoning case is the chief
topic of thought in Upper Sandusky at present
Hiram Rose has been appointed postmaster
at Norwalk, in place Julian S. Coe suspended.
An T"Hi" minister preached the other day
from the text "joa know how it is yourself."
Our "devil" has gone to farming. He will
devote his attention to raising pickled devils
claws. Medina is excited over the appearance of
"spirit pictures," on some of the window
panes.
The exterior of the First National Bank
building has been brightened by a new coat of
paint
Brother Clark, of the Ottawa Ketci, contem
plates starting an Plus! rated Christian
Weekly.
An exchange says, "we have reached the
purple portals of full autumn." Purple por
tals is nice.
About one thousand cords of wood along the
line of the D. M. railroad, were burned last
week.
Meyers of tbe Tiffin Advertiser, was married
last week, at which the bachelors of Ti3in re
joice muchgj
William McElwee the notorious minister of
Bowling Green, has returned again to that
plaer.
Rev. O. Kennedy, of Findlay, is to resign
the pastorate of the M. E. Church at that
place,
Quito a number of bur citizens went to
Clyde on Sunday to attend the funeral of Dr.
Finch.
A stabbing affray occurred on the street the
other night but without any very serious re
sults. Cleveland maids are unfortunate and many
of them resort to suicide as a roiief from
trouble.
Meyers of the Advertiser is away on a wed
ding tour and the editor in charge is eating
brides cake.
John Jenny of Einioro, has forgotten who
he lent bis satchel to. Poor memory John
seems to have.
Henry Zippcl, of Mouroeville, hd one of
his hands badly mutilated by a circular saw
a few days since.
Ainger of the Napoleon Signal, after going
bare-headed all summer, has been presented
with a new cap.
Another Indian Summer last week. Every
pleasant day in October is always credited to
iudian summer.
On Thursday evening of last week, the air
was so filled with smoke, that it was unpleas
ant being out of doors.
The editorial fraternity of the 5th and 9th
districts hold their next convention at Forest,
on the 3d of November.'
A good many insurance companies have
"mne ut." but the rates of the remaining
ones have gone up still higher.
A young man of suspicions appearance, was
picked up by the night police in Thursday
night of last week, and lodged in jail.
From the noise on the streets last Saturday
night one might have snppored that an aimy
of howling dervishes had been let loose.
Belding caught eight grass pike last week
so lengthy that he was obliged, to cut them in
two in order to bring them home in a buggy.
The residence of D. C. Mowen at Fostor'a
was entered by burglars, on the night of the
9thinst, and about 130 doHars in meney
stolen.
The "sere and yeUow leaf" has met with a
down fall. We would compose something
Yery "teohing," bat a rheumatic shoulder pie-
a
be
to
of
of
to
of
to
on
on
in
ei

a
is
t
is
to
The street musicians were on hand last week
Our citv had been without music of tins kind
for some time and found the respite quite en
joyable. Mrs. Lewis Cook of Monroe ville, who had a
tumor weighing fifteen pounds taken from her
abdomen lact week, died from the effects on
Monday.
They are having an agricultural war in Ot
tawa county. A meeting of the society was
held last week and split upon the question as
to location of the next fair.
"Comanche Bill," the grim man of vengence
has been in Toledo during the past week.
Having a desire to meet all "big injuns," he
called on "Parson Nasby."
There is some talk of starting a division of
Sons of Temperance in this city. There is no
temperance organization of any kind or name,
in existence at the present time in our city.
Hon. Mahlon Chance has returned to Nassau.
We should have noticed his departure two
weeks ago, but being busy with the ague en
tirely forgot it He went however just the
same.
Our citizens can have the benefit of the
Norwalk and Bellevue lectures this winter, if
they will attend. It will be so much more
convenient than it would be to attend lectures
at home.
Wasn't that old deacon rather comprehen
sive, when he sent round a messenger to tell I
the congregation that "there would be no
Lord's day next Sabbath, as the pastor had
gone to see his mother."
De Wolf of the Findiry Jejrersonian had
fifty dollars stolen from his pocket one night
last week. What in the world an editor could
be doing with so much money, is more than
we can understand.
David Heffntr of Bellevue, was badly in
jured last week, by having his arm caught in
threshing machine. Tbe flesh above the el
bow was nearly all striped from the bone, but
fortunately no bones were brokea.
Don't murder the hogs that run at large on
our streets, they are not to blame for being
out If you waijf to murder any 'one visit
your death penalty upon the owners. It will
far more humane and just as effectual.
A pile of about 100 cords of wood, belonging
the L. 8. M. 8., railroad, was burned be
tween this city and Clyde on Thursday night
last week. The night express going west
was detained for about two hours in conse
quence. A female appeared in Norwalk on Tuesday
last week with an infant, which she claimed
have picked up i n Chicago, and was anxious
that some one should take it Her story was
distrusted, as it was generally believed that
child was her own offspring.
Love is blind. Ex.
This terrible affliction must have come upon
lovo recently, as it is not general y known.
Change. Chan. A. Norton and James
Withington have dissolved partnership. Mr.
Withington goes to Chicago to engage in
busines with his father.
New. The outer wall of Dr. Beilharz's
dental office is decorated with a new sign. The
Dojtor, though driven with work, always finds
time to give proper attention to his patrons.
Get Your Money. Persons who had
cash premiums awarded them at the San
dusky County Fair, can get their money, by
calling at the office of L M. Keeler, Treasurer
the Society.
Awful Disease. Some sagacious twig,
fresh from the Escutapian School, advertises
cure rheumitize urn. We want ten thousand
lexicons at once, in all the languages, for the
nature of this frightful disease should be made
known.
Upset. A carriage, containing a gentlo-
man and lady, collided with a loaded wagon
State street on Tuesday and was upBet.
No damage resulted and the occupants, with
true puritan spirit reloaded themselves and
drove on.
Concert and Ball. A grand Concert
and ball is to be held at Kline's Hall in Clyde,
Tuesday evening, Oct 31st Music by "the
Great Western Band of Sandusky. An ela
borate programme has been arranged for the
occasion and a grand time is anticipated.
The surface of our bodies is covered with
scales, and yet a scale covers nvo nunorea
pores, inrougn tnese narrow openings me
wit forocs itself like water through a seive.
Ex.
Well, if you are covered with scales why
the duce don't you go where you belong.
Sorry. Alexis sends his compliments and
regrets that the extravegant programme in
New York will prevent his visiting our city.
Sorry this happens, for with "Old Betsy,"
Quitter's mule and Fennel's infant buffalo, we
could have arranged an elaborate benefit for
bim.
Collision. On Monday night last a
freight train going west ran into a caboose
standing on the track, knocking the head light
from the engine aud splintering the caboose.
There was a report that a man was killed, but
this was untrue, as no one was harmed in the
least i
Read. We call tho attention of our read-
to the new advertisement of A. M. Graff
Co., of Toledo, which appears this week.
People going to Toledo will be amply paid by
cal1;ug at this house. Mr. W. H. laylor, for
merly of this city, is at present with this firm,
and W'U be pleased to see any of his friends at
107 Summit Street
List of Letters,-Remaining in the Fremont
P O, uncalled for October 26th, 1871.
Nellv Bovlon. F.A. Bixler, John Bean, Dan.
Biyer, J. N. Cole, Mrs. Mary Carpenter, Miss
Melta Clark, Miss Maiy A. Cook, Anny
Coughlen, J. fi. Drehaut, W. C. Fitch, Saml.
Lee, Eugene F. Louther. M. F. Leggett, Mrs.
Lotty Leiton. W. S. Miller Co., C. Mason,
Sarah Netcher, W. A. O'Bryau Co., Miss M.
Smith.
Careless. We can think of no milder
term to apply to a person who, at the present
time, would make a bonfire of leaves and other
rubbish in a yard surrounded on every side by
wooden buildings. This was done one day
this week. A man raked a pile of rubbish to
gether, and set fire to it, in a yard entirely sur
rounded by buildings. It was only by pure
accident that a general fire did not result.
Such acts, at the present time, are unqualiSde
ly criminal.
Called. Mr. F. M. Overmeyor of Winters
Station, dropped in upon us the other day and
grieved us sorely by leaving in our possession
quantity of "greenbax." He reports matters
the Station in as quiet a condition as pos
sible, in view of tho fact that a new railroad
about to be opened through the Buburbs.
u: t .f which
about three-quarters of a mile from the Sta-
tion, which the owners expect wm oe in e
mand as soon as the new road is in operatio1
Mr. Overmeyer has purchased the store for
merly owned by Mr. Glass, and is driving a
prosperous trade.
Serious Fall. On Tuesday afternoon a
German, named Henry Sass, came near being
killed while at work on the new hotel build
ing. He was working in the ihird story of
the building, and iu some way lost his balance
and fell against a piece of scantling, which
yielded to his weight and he was precipitated
the lower floor, striking his head on a brick
wall that was built up a few feet in hight A
gash about six inches in length was cut across
his forehead, aud it was feared his skull had
sustained serious injuries. He was also badly
bruised about his side and back. He was
taken up iu an unconscious conditiou and car
ried home, where he was at ance placed under
medical care. It is thought he may recover,
though he is in a very critical condition.
The Young Meu's Lecture Club, although
not organized until after many of tho distiu
guished lyceum speakers had made their en
gagements, have succeeded in securing a first
class list and one which they believe will
prove highly satisfactory to tho public. The
opening lecture of the course will be given
about the middle of November, by Petroleum
V. Nasby, followed by Rev. Robert Collyer
and r red .uougias, in uecemoer. in January
three lectures will be eiven, two illustrated
scientific ones, by 1'roL Bichard, and one from
Mrs. Mary A. jLivermore. The concluding
lecture wi'l be given in February, by Mr. Geo.
KeruifTj. A strong effort is being mode to se
cure a lecture from Horace Greeley some time
duiing the course, with some probability of
success. Season tickets can be procured at
the postofiice. Bellcrue Gazette.
We ore glad that our neighbors have the
aTifo, n. :a to ster a lecture club, and hone
VU 1
their efforts may prove eminently successful,
y
I
I
The Old Fashioned Ague. As this is
favorable weather for the fever and ague, and
"you know how it is yourself" here, we sub
join the following description of the genuine
Wabash article, as set forth by a physician of
that locality: "It somes creeping np a fellow's
back like a ton of wildcats; goes crawling
through his joints like iron spikes, and
followed by a fever which keeps the sufferer
from thinking of anything but Greenland's-icy
mountains. It isn't the "every-other-day"
kind, but gets np with a man at daylight,
and sleeps in the small of his back all night
His teeth feel about six inches too long, his
joints wabble like a loose wagon-wheel, and
the shakos are so steady that he cant hold con
versation, except by putting in dashes."
Horrible Death. On Friday of last
week a shocking accident occusred at Clyde,
which resulted in the death of Dr. S. T. Finch
of that place. He was standing on the rail
road track, near the main street crossing, en
gaged in conversation, so that his attention
was drawn from a train of freight cars that
was backing down to reach a side track. He
was struck by one of the cars and knocked
down, the car passing over him, severing the
head from the body and otherwise mangling
the body so horriby that it was scarcely recog
nizable. His funeral was attended on Sunday
afternoon. Dr. Finch, for many years resided
at Green Springs, and about a year ago moved
to Clyde, where he has since resided. He
was generally and favorably known through
out the county. He leaves a wife and four
grown up children.
Still Alive Some time ago a bit of ru
mor was floating about to the effect that Theo
dore England, formerly of this city, who has
been West for the past year, had been hung
by a vigilance committee for committing un
lawful acts. We paid no attention to the re
port, as we could find no authority for believ
ing it true. The Messenger published an
item, at the time, containing the report but
subsequently made the proper correction. A
few days since, we received a letter from
"The," replying to the Messenger, in which he
says that he is not bung, but could not promise
as much to Tan if he was there. He says he
is well, is doing well, and. in no fear of harm
from vigilance committees, as they have no
accaeion for looking after him. He says "John
Pitman and Thomas Forgerson are doing
well"
Fires about us. During the past week
our city has been surrounded on nearly all
sides by fires which have been raging in the
woods and open country. The woods be
tween this place and Elmore have been burning-for
several days. A largo quantity of
wood belonging to the L. S. M. S. railroad
was also destroyed. East of here about two
miles the woods were set on fire, which spread
rapidly for a time, but the people in that vi
cinity turning out succeed vi controlingit
Between this city and Giueusburg, extensive
fires have traversed over a large section of
country destroying timber and fences in
large quantities. The iarge woods in Benton
township, Ottawa county, have been on fire
for several days, and at last accouuts were
still burning. The fire in many places burns
severalfeetiutotheground. A barn standing
near the railroad in th9 upper end of town
took fire on Tuesday, from sparks from a lo
comotive, but was immediately discovered and
put out

1
P O, uncalled for October 26th, 1871. Lake Erie Louisville Railroad.--
The Fostoria Review, in speaking of tho sale
of the L. E. L. R. R which was confirmed
on the 9 th inst, says:
As soon as legal requirements as to time ex
pire a new Company will be organized. This
new organization will be entirely free from
the complications and embarrassments which
bave hitherto been in the way of successful
negotiations. Arrangements have been con
sumated which will insure the means of an
early completion of the entire uncompleted
portion from Findlay, Ohio, to Cambridge,
Indiana, provided local aid can be procured to
complete the road-bed for the iron, including
bridges and tics.
As the tight of way has been secured and
the grading is fully one-half completed, the
managers of the company have no doubt of
being able to secure the required amount of
local aid. They did hope to consumute the
present arrangement in time to complete the
portion lying between Findlay and Lima this
tall, but the season has now bo far advenced
as to render this impossible. We confidently
look for active operations on this line as soon
as the weather in the coming spring will per
mit and for the completion of the entire line
next season.
P O, uncalled for October 26th, 1871. Lake Erie Louisville Railroad.--Real Estate Transfers.--Furnished by
W. W. Stein, County Recorder:
E. Dunning to Russell B. Smith, lot
No. 1,431, Fremont 400
Peter Hasselbach to Michael Byrenes,
lot No. 255, Bellevue 950
Richard Prior to George Revnolds, 31
acres in section 10, Bolville 2,400
John Christy to Oliver McLean, 28
acres in section 5 ana 8, Green Creek 1,400
Oscar Ball, Exr., to Bexbara Scherting
er, lot No. I'M, Fremont
123
Lydia Bell to James Johnson, out lots
)o, 96 and 103, Fremont
Henry Harmon Bunte, to F. H. F.
Blausey, 80 acres in section 22,
Woodville
F.K.TetertoF. S. White, west part
lot No. 1,150, Fremont
Josiah Barnett to Henry Nichols, lot
No. 374, Clyde
Isaian Overmper to Samuel Ernst, lot
No. 146, Linuscy
A. North to Robert B. Long, lot No
607, Clyde
Geo. Sauers te Sarah W. Rice, lot No.
870, Fremont
Hiram Hawkins to George W. Story,
26 2-3 acres in section 20, Townsend
1,625
1,600
1,000
3,000
125
125
600
1,500
Rumors. In the midst of such dangers os
surround us on every side at the present time,
it is not surprising that rumors of the wildest
kind should constantly be afloat In the ex
egencies of the t: mes, it is safe to give these
sufficient attention to trace out the source
from which they spring, and find out whether
they have any authority or not It is believed
that large numbers of inceniaries and plun
derers are at large in the country for
no good purpose, and this fact together
with dangers arising from fires resulting from
carelessness and other causes, stimulates every
one to be on the watch, and with the aid of ac
tive imaginations many suspicious indications
are seen. During the past week rumors had
been afloat in this city that bolls of leaves and
shavings, saturated with coal oil, have been
found in such positions as to indicate that at
tempts were being made to fire the city. We
have investigated the matter but found no
good reason for believing that such is the case.
Some leaves were found saturated with coal
oil near or under a plank Bidewalk, but the
circumstances indicate that there was no ma
licious intent connected with placing the oil
and leaves in that position. There is no harm.
however, in investigating whatever appears
suspicious, for it is impossible to be too watch-
iHt the present time.
The New Hotel Building,-This new
block, now in process of erection on the corner
of Front and Market Streets, in stylo of ar
chitecture, is worthy of notice, as it will be,
when completed, by far the finest building In
the city. The block is built of brick, and in
size is 99 feet front by sixty feet deep. Mr.
Ball, the owner of the property, has given the
work his personal attention." The front of
the building is of pressed biick, of his own
manufacture. The caps and sills aro of free
stone, manufactured at Toledo. The cornices
are of galvanized iron and were furnished by
Thompson Co, of this city. It is to be
three stories in bight with Mansard roof
wSich adds at least a half story nd gives the
structure a finished and attractive appearance.
On the lower floor are three store rooms, a
hotel office and dining room, the latter is next
to the office and will be a pleasant and capaci
ous room. The entire room above, which is
divided into seventy appartments, partors,
sleeping rooms, etc., is to be occupied by the
hotel. Iu the rear of the building, a kitchen
and sleeping rooms for tho help are to be built
Mr. Ball is pushing tbe wcrk forward as fast
as possible and intends to have it ready for
use by spring. The economy of its interior
arrangement, and the taste displayed in its
exterior appearance, speak well for the skill of
the architect. The plans and specifications
were drawn by Mr. J. H. Johnson of this city,
whoe ability as an architect is conceeded
wherever he hu done any work. Mr. John
son is at present in Defiance, on business con
nected with the building of the new court
house, the plans for which were furnished by
him last spring. We understand that he eoes
to Chicago, in a few days, on business con
nected with his profession. We hope this en
terprise of Mr. Bail's, wi'l prove crofitable
MJU OUWHUng, Wt.Ud&B MS 1U1IUH UU CXIIIT D 18 UJ
adding to the number of our business blocks.
and encourage others to follow his example in
Peterson's Magaslne. Cheapest and
best of all. Splendid offers for 1872. This
popular Monthly Magazine give marl for the
money than any t' the teorld. It has the best
colored fashions, the best original stories, and
the best engravings of any lady's book. Greal
aud cotllu improvement will be made in 1872,
when it will contain one thousand pages, four-
teen splendid steel plates, twelve mammoth
colored fasions, one thousand woou enrs,
twentv-four paces of music All this will be
given for only two dollars a year, or a dollar
less than Magazines of the class of "Peterson.',
Its thrilling tales and novelettes are the best
published anywhere. All the most popular
writers are employed to write originally for
"Peterson." In 1872, in addition to its usuo1
quantity of short stories, five original copy
rioht novelets will be given, viz: Bought
With a Price, by Ann S. Stephens; The Island
of Diamonds, by, Harry Danforth; Once Too
Often, by Frank Lee Benedict; Lindsay's
Luck, by Miss F. Hodgson; and A Wife, Yet
Not A Wife, by tho author of "The Second
Life." Mammoth colored fashion plates ahead
of all others. These plates are engraved on
steel, twice the usual size, and contains six
figures. They wiu oe superbly colored. Also,
several pages of Household and other receipts;
in short everything interesting to ladies.
Terms, always in advance, one copy, for one
year, $2 00; five copies, for one year, 18 00;
for 112 00.
SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING!
Every person getting up a club of five at
(1 60 each, or eight at tl 50 each, will be en
titled to an extra copy of the Magazine for
1872, and also to a copy of the superb parlor
mezzotint (size 24 inches by 18), "Five Times
One To-Day," which, at a store, would cost
four dollars. Specimens sent, gratis, to those
wishing to get up Clubs. Address, Ciubt.es
Peterson, No. 306 Chestnut Street, Phila
delphia, Pa.
Melancholy Case of Insanity,-A
case
over taxing the mind and body, occured in
this city, during the past few days, the partic
ulars of which, as we have been able to gather
them are as follows: Some two weeks since,
Dr. J. W. Warring, for some time a resident
Dunkirk, N. Y-, and Surgeon of that sec
tion of the L. S. M. S. Railroad, removed
with his family, consisting of his wife, a young
child, and his wife's sister, to this city with a
view of locating here and practicing his pro
fession. They took rooms on Front Street
and engaged board temporarily at an eating
house in the same building. In a few days
Dr. Warring returned to Dunkirk, taking
with him the child. Mrs. Waring and her
sister contemplated engaging in the milinery
business and with that view ordered a quanti
ty of goods from an'Eastern house. During
this time, a servant girl in the family was
quite sick and was attended wholly by Mrs.
Warring, who was at the same time busy, in
conjunction -with her sister, arranging for
commencing business. Ons evening last
week, Mrs. Warring appeared on the streets
and at a place of public entertainment exhib
itng such strange conduct as to attract atten
tion, and which plainly indicated that she was
laboring under an aberration of mind. Sbe
was an entire stranger in the city, and no one
took any notice of her, further than to remark
her strange conduct until Mr. Quin, who had
met her at his wife's millinery store, took her
in charge and persuaded her to go to his house.
From that time she grew worse and her hus
band was sent for and"immediately came. At
first she appeared glad to see him but after.
ward, drove him from her, declaring that he,
with the physician, Dr. Bosworth, intended to
kill her. There being no hopes of her recovery
here she was taken to the asylum at Newburgh
on Friday of lost week. She is spokon of as
being a lady of culture and good appearance.
Her friends say this if the first time she has
ever exhibited symptoms of insanity or tem
porary derangement, and they attribute the
cause to ever exertion since her arrival here
Sandusky County Bible Society.
Tbe Anniversary of the Sandusky County
Bible Society will be held at the Presbyterian
Church, Fremont, Sunday evening, October
29th, 1871.
PROGRAMME:
1. Voluntary By the Choir.
2. Reading of Scriptures F. S. White, Esq.
3. Singing:
Behold! the morning sun
Begins his glorious way;
His beams through all the nations run
And life and light convey.
But, where the gospel comes,
It spreads diviner light;
It calls dead sinners from their tombs,
And gives the blind their sight
How perfect is thy word!
And all thy judgment just!
For ever sure thy promise, Lord!
And men securely trust
My gracious God! how plain
Aro thy directions given!
Oh! may I never read in vain,
But find the path to haven.
4. Prayer Rev. R. L. Chittenden.
5. Reports of Secretary, Treasurer and De
positary. 6. Singing:
Father of mercies, in thy word
What endless glory Bhines!
Forever be thy name adored,
For these celestial lines.
Here the fair tree of knowledge grows
And yields a free repast;
Sublimer sweets than nature knows
Invite the longing taste.
Here the Redeemer's welcome voice
Spread heavenly peace around;
And life, and everlasting joys,
Attend the blissful sound.
O! may theso heavenly pages be
Our ever dear light;
And still new beauties may we see,
Aud still increasing light.
7. Address Rev.
8. Singing:
E. Bushnell, D. D.
How precious is the book divine,
By inspiration given;
Bright as a lamp its doctrines shine,
To guide our souls to heaven.
It sweetly cheers our drooping hearts
In this dark vale of tears,
And light, aud life, and joy imparts,
And banishes our fears.
This lamp, throughout the tedious night
Of life, shall guide our way,
Till we behold tbe clearer light
Of an eternal day.
9. Addresa Rev. A. Yandersol.
10. Address ReV. W. W. Winter.
11. Singing:
Rock of ages, cleft for me!
Let me hide myself in thee;
Let the water and the blood,
From thy wounded side that flowed,
Be of sin the perfect cure;
Save me, Lord! and make me pure.
Should my tears forever flow,
Should my zeal no languor know,
This for sin could not atone,
Thou must save, and tbou alone;
In my hand no price I bring;
Simply to thy cross I sling.
While I draw this fleeting breath,
When mine eyelids close in death,
When I rise to worlds unknown,
And behold thee on thy throne,
Rock of ages, cleft for me!
Let me hide myself in thee.
12. Benediction.
NEIGHBORHOOD NEWS.
Wood Co., O. The Perrysburg Journal
was discommoded somewhat by the Chicago
fire, as it had its outside printed in that city.
The new Presbyterian Church at Milton
Center was dedicated on the 22d inst Dr.
L. L. Loomis, who has been a resident of Kan
sas for the last two years, has rehired with his
family to Household Corners,where he intends
to remain. Twenty-five cords of wood, be
longing to the railroad were burned at Perrys
burg last week. The night police at Per
rysburg chased a harmless old man and fright
ed him nearly out of his wits the other night,
they supposing him to be a horse thief.
Wyandot Co., O. Rev. Geo. R. Brown of
Clyde, preached in Upper Sandusky on Mon
day evening of last week. Messrs. Beith
and Glaiser have returned to Upper Sandusky
from a three months sojuru in Europe. As
Mr. Noel, with Miss Beistle and Miss Mo
Cleary of Upper Sandusky were driving in a
bugggy last week, the horse ran, throwing
them out and breaking one of Miss Beistle's
limbs and brusing the other lady severely.
George W. Keenan was attacked by
highwayman, while driving in Tymochtee
township, on the night of the 15th, but suc
ceeded in escaping. John Meyers, Esq., of
j
McCutehenville, an old and esteemed resident
of the county, died at his residence on the 16th
inst Clothes line thieves are troubling the
citizens of this county.
SvnonT Co., O. Bayard Taylor is to lec
ture in Akron on the 2oth inst On Satur
day of last week, Mr. Abel A. Washburn was
struck on the head by an iron bar, in the shop
of Taplin, Rice Co., at Akron, and consider
ably injured. A book, entitled The Life,
Trial and Sentence of John H. Hunter, now
awaiting execution in the Summit County
jail, has been published. The house of An
drew Henderson in Springfield township, was
entered by burglars on the night of the 13tb,
and about eighty dollars in money stolen.
A couple of Good Templars in Akron were
recently snsponded for crushing an apple and
drinking the juice. A man named Goss,
living near Akron, was seriously if not fatally
injured ajtew days since, by being jammed be
tween a loaded waggon and a post
Seneca Co., O. A couple of Tiffin hunters
have gone to Michigan on a deer hunt The
Odd Fellow's Hall at Tiffin was dedicated yes
terday. A team belonging to Robert Spear
of Tiffin, became firightened one day last
week, nid ran the length of the principal
street without doing any damage, except cap
sizing one buggy. A horse strayed or was
stolen from the stable of John Poorman at
Tiilin, oil Wednesday night of last week.
The Re-union of the 123d regiment was held
at Tiffin on Thursday of last week. Mil
ler's theatrical troupe were in Tiffin last
week. They drew large houses and gave
good satisfaction. On the night of the 7lh
inst., some ruffians threw brickbats through
the window of Mr. Herman's house at Attica,
entirely demolishing the sash. Tiffin had
an alarm of fire on Tuesday night of last
week, occasioned by the burning out of a
chimney.
Cbawfokd Co., O. The young people of
Bucyrus have organized a literary society.
A brakesman on the B. I. R. R., named
Vestus Smisher, fell from the train at Bucyrus
and was killed, on Mondog night of last week.
A Miss Gist, while in attendance at the
fair at Bucyrus last week, fell from a buggy
and fractured her collar bone. On the 4th
inst., a son of Mr. Schwatzkol of Bucyrus,
was thrown from a wagon and one of his legs
broken. Mr. John Corridor of Bucyrus was
found in his orchard, on Thursday of lost
week, in a helpless and senseless conditiou. No
injury could be discovered to his person and
though seemingly awake, he continued uncon
scious for two days. After returning to con
sciousness, he could not tell what ailed him,
but it is thought probable tnat be loll from a
tree while gathering apples.
The best Mecca Oil can be bought of
TnoxAS, Gbund Lang. It is guarranteed
not to congeal or get hard in the coldest
weather. 43tf
Insure Tour Property in the Old Ash
land Mutual Fire Insurance Company, of
Ashland, Ohio. Chartered A. D. 1851. Cap
ital secured by liens upon real estate worth
three million dollars. Its risks limited to
$5,000 and confined to the safer classes of
property, steam mills and all special hazards
declined,' while no assesments has ever been
made on lis reserved capital, a o loss in
Chicago fire. Insurance solicited at old rates
C. E. BRUNTHAVER.
GEO. KNUPP, Agents.
Needs No Comments.
Monboe Centbe, Ashtabula Co. O., Oct 1,
Db. Ltbbey
Deab Sib I have been takng your Reme
dies for three months, for diabetes, liver com
plaint, weak nervous system, and general
prostration. You will remember bow I looked
and Know sometnmg ot my sunenng. 1 was
hardly able to get about. After taking the
medicines throe or four days, I was consider
ably stirred up; but after that I began to
steadily mend, and now I weigh forty-seven
pounds more than I did, and can do as good a
day's work as any man in the county. Why
peoplo, with such facts, will be prejudiced
and afraid of you because you leave your office
and travel, I cannot see. I have no doubt of
your ability to treat complicated cases.
Yours with much respect
JESSIE M, SMITH.
Dr. Libbey may be consulted at the Cooper
House, Fremont, Friday, November 3d.
Fall Styles of Hats and Caps.
Meng Altaffer have just received a full line
of Fall Scylos of Hats and Caps for Men
Boys and Children. Silk Hats, Fur Hats,
Wool Hats, all kinds of Hats, are seling at
bottom cash prices. When you want a Hat
or Cap go to Meng Altaffer for it
All kinds of Dye Stuffs, Dye Woods,
Indigo, Analine, Cochineal, and every thing
in the Drug and Paint line, can ba found at
the store of Thomas, Gbund Lang. Buck
land's New Block. 43tf
Mr. J. R. Pease is paying the highest
market price, in cash, for potatoes, at his gro
cery store, on Front street. 42-tf
Thomas, Grand Lang are sole agents
for the sale of the Oriental Tea Co's Tea.
Every pound sold is guaranteed to give per
fect satisfaction, or the money will be re
funded. 43tf
Yoangjian is now ou hand with au im
mense stock of clothing, for men and boys,
which should be examined before you muke
your purchas 42-tf
If you want a nice article of Neats Foot
Oil, do not forget that the place to buy it is
at the Drug Store of Thomas, Gbund Lang.
43-tf
Drytoos Sc Bro. This firm have been as
sociated with the business of our city for so
long a time, that their name has gone out
among all the people, and their fame as cloth
ing merchants has spread in all the regions
round about We notice that every year their
stock is increased. This is owing to the foe
that every year their trade increases, patrons
multiply, and in order to keep pace they are
obliged to increase their assortment and stock.
This year they have already received fall and
winter goods, in immense quantities, aud on
their counters and shelves may be seen huge
piles of suits, for men and boys, over coats,
cloths aad cassimers of every p. Ice and kind.
They have also a large stock of gents furnish
ing goods, at low prices. They simply wish to
remind their customers that they are now
ready to supply all demands for fVl and win
ter goods. 42 tf
Youngmau has suits for fall and winter
wear, at extremly low prices. 42-tf
I havefor years been opposed to Colomel,
and since 1839 have used Simmons' Liver Reg
ulator as a Vegetable Remedy, and can confi
dently assert that it has exceeded my expecta
tions curing cases of Dyspepsia and Liver com
plaint that were thought almost hopeless.
GRENVILLE WOOD,
Wood's Factory, Macon, Ga.
The Only Remedy.
Those who suffer from foul breath, are open
to the charge of carelessness. It is an offense
that can be speedily abated, as a single bottle
of the fragrant Sozodont will unmistakably
accomplish the work. No toilet table should
be without it. It will preserve and keep the
teeth white, and the breath pure and sweet.
Spalding's Glue who would be without it.
Hats aud
caps,
for men and boys, at
12-tf
Youngman's.
If you want an overcoat, go to Yungman's,
next door to MoCulloch's. 42-tf
The Weed Sewing Machine Company have
appointed B. W. Stevens, of Clyde, as their
agent for Sandusky County. All communi
cations addressed to him will be promptly at
tended to. 41-41
Here they are! A full car load of the
famous Domestic Sewing Machines at Lepper
man's. Dont buy until you ht""' v.
Go and see the splendid stock of Watches,
Chains Jewelry at Leppermans.
Apples wanted. E. H. Underbill will
pay the highst market price for apples.
5,000 bushels wanted immediately at his build
ing, east end of the bridge. 37-tf
Buffalo Boots. We have not got one
thousand cases of Buffalo Boots. But we have
got enough to supply every man and boy with
a pair in Sandusky and adjoining counties.
They are as near water proof as any Boot can
be made out of leather. They are all warran
ted to give satisfaction in every particular, or
money refunded. Msng AiTarm,
Ehomo Co., have just received 500
cases of the celebrated Buffalo Kip and Calf
Boots every pair warranted or no pay. 33tf.
Edwin C. Burt's Premium Work
Mong Altaffer havo the exclusive sole of
Edwin C. Burt's Work in Fremont They
have them for Ladies, Misses and Children, iu
French Kid, Curocoa Kid, fine Pebbled Goat
and Serge. Do not aliom yourself to b im
posed upon by other dealers, who claim they
are selling Burl's 11 VA, as' they have not got
them.. Burt stamps his brand on the bottom
of every pair.
Meng Altaffer keep the largest and
oest selected stock of Boots and Shoes, Hats
and Caps evor kept in Fremont; as you will
see by taking a look' through their store. Their
mottoisto not be undersold by any house in
tne county. 1 ry them and see for yourself.
10,000 Bushels Potatoes Wanted,
By E. H. UnderhilU for which tbe highest
marK.ec price will be paid. Enquire at his
puiiding, .bast end of the bridge. 37-tf
The fall styles of Hats and Caps at Sho
mos' Co., for men boys and children low for
cash. S3.
Meng Altaffer manufacture to order.
from best French Stock, at reasonable prices
and guarantee to fit you. Their Store is on
Corner of Front and Croghan Street Tylers
Block, Fremont O. jgtf
Houses and Lots for Sale, in Fremont,
Ohio. Terms easy, payments little more than
it costs to rent Few persons in a lifetime,
meet an offer so liberal, to procure houses
without any risk or loss. For sale by
22tf Db. E. Dillon.
LOCAL NOTICES.
llufialo, Buffalo, Buffalo Boots aud Shoes at
Shomo Co. Every pair warrants. rviif
Stioiuo Sc. Co. sell Burt's fine Boots and
Bnoes.
33tf
Comfort is essential to huDniness. andvou
will have more comfort in a suit purchased from
Youkqmas, than from any other man. Go and
see him.
The best of Type, goodPresses.andexceUent
material, enables us to turn out the finest work,
at liberal rates.
Great assortment of Table Cattlerv at all
prices at J. D. Moose's l jtf
Bill Heads, oa irooj naper. mimed at this
office on short notice and at reasonable prices;
To Keen Cool Go to Drvfoos' tor vour
Clothing.
WANTED.
85,000 lbs. of Butter, and 73,000 doz. Eggs,
for which we will pay the hichest market
price in cash. D. Gabvin Co.
BURLINGTON.
Leaving the Eist aud arriving at Chicago or In
dianapolis, how shull we reach the West! The
best Line is acknowledged to be the C. B. U.,
joined together with tae B. II. IUilruad by the
Iron .Bridge at Burlington, and called the
BUBXIKGTOH liOITE.
The main line of their Route running to Omaha,
connects with the great Pacific Boads, and forms
to-day the leading route to California. The Mid
dle Branch, entering Nebraska at Plattsmouth,
passes through Lincoln, the State Capital, and
will this year be flaished to Fort Kearney, furm
iug the shortest route across the Continent by over
ICO miles.
Another branch of the B. M., diverging at Bed
Oak, fills into a line running down the Missouri
through St. Joe to Kansas City, and all Kansas.
Passengers by this route to Kansas, see Illinois,
Southern Iowa, and Missouri, and by a slight di
vergence, can see Nebraska also.
Lovers of fine views should remember the
Burlington Boute, for its towns "high-gleaming
from afar" its tree fringed streams its rough
bluffs and qoarrie its corn-oceans stretching
over the prairies further than the eye can reach.
Land-buyers will be sure to remember it, for
they have friends among the two thousand who
have already bought farms from Geo. B.Harris,
the Land Commissioner of the B. 31. B. B. at
Burlington, Iowa, or among the four thousand
home-steodersandpre-e jiptors who last year filed
theii claims in the Lincoln land ortice, where "Un
cle Sam is rich enough to give us all a farm tf
10t pieces plain Gold Band White Granite
riet, for 120.00, at the Crockery Store of J. P.
Moobi. 15tf
Beautiful fancy Glass Ware very cheap at,
J. D. JIOOBK'd, i jtf
Shomo Co. sell the celebrated IT. i.l
Shoes for Ladies, Misses anaV Children 1,
pair warranted. 3Jtf
A biff stock of Looking Glasses sold much be
low the regular prices, vand bargains in th e
gods at the Crockery Storeof J. 1). Mooee. I5tf
Sale Ilil Is printed at this office, at an hour's
nottee.
Summer Clothing1-
Jubt the tbiij? yov. want
s o v,
you can buy of Youngman, at the very lowest
notch. He bos a lull auu bpleudid stock.
Any one wishing to purchases Set ot Crock
ery should not fail to call ou J. 1). Moo-iE before
buying. He otters positive inducements in a'
kinds of Crokery aud Glass Ware. 15tf
Dorr Sou have just opened a full line of
C T. K. Fiuo Shoes for ladies, misses and chil
dren, manufactured expressly for the fall trade.
They are the best in market and in the latest style.
The Best Buffalo French Kip and Calf
Boots are sold by P. loir 6c Son.
Ladies will hud a lull liae of Shoes and Gait
ers at Dorr Son's.
Watches, Clocks and Jewelry re
paired; allzindsoiUiijrraviiig nea ly execut
ed. Jewelry made to order, by experienced
workmen, at Leppelman's. 44-tt
Shoemakers will find the very b t Sole
and Upper Leather, heavy and line; also every
description of Findings at Loir on's.
Shomo Sc Co.s is the only house that sells
the Buffalo Water, roof French Kip Boots. Call
and see them befure you buy. Sitt
Dorr Sou d-site- to remind their patrons
and the public teat thty have just received a lull
tuck oi the celebrated Bufialo Boots, lor men's
and boys' wear.
The Best is always the cheapest. Buy your
Clothing of Uurroos.
.ov to Business iluit Vour
Quarreliugaud Come to the Point.
One Thuiuaud Dotia.'s ottered lor a Sewing Ma
chine that will do every va.iely ur any variety
of work better than the Improved Tr. mily Singer
dewing Machine.' Go and see samples atil.L.
Cross' Jewelry titore. 20tf
iobby Hats and Jaun.y Caps, the latest
thing out, ltni'ioou'.
The Celebrated Bulialo aud Cleveland
Boots can alwavs be found at Dorr fc Son's.
Casiors, Castors, Castors. A beautiful stock
so cneap you can't help buying, at J. 1). Moous.
1HI
Dorr Son have a full supply of the U. T.
K. Shoes, which they are selling lower than the
owest.
The Atlantic aud Pacific Tele
graph Co., hiving established a permanent
office office in the Jevre'ry Store of Mr. 11. L. Cross
would respectfully solicit the patronage of the
public, and assure them that their business will be
done with promptness and dispatch. Alyl
The Xeiv Domestic is Out. The
Company are now turning out 200 pe. week, which
will be increased to 400 per w let i a short time.
Don't buy a Machine uutil jou have tried a New
Domestic iili L. Leppeliuk.
Perspiration can be checked by purchas
ing a "cool" suit from Youxuvax.
Farmers look to your interests, and buy a
Bout that will weir yuu from one to two years
and keep soft. Call lor the Buffalo Boot, sold only
by Bhomo Co. 33 tf.
NERVOUS DEBILITY.
NERVOUS DEBILITY. Thousans suffer from it.--A weak,
nervous, exhausted feeling, no energy, animation
or vigor, low spirits, confused head, weak memory,
nocturnal or involuntary seminal emissions, with
loss of power and threatenedimpotence. The con
sequence of excesses, overwork or indiscretions.
This is nervous debility, and it finds a sovereign
remedy in Humphreys' Homeopathic Specific No.
twenty-eight. Thousands have been cured by
these simple sugar pills. They tone up the sys
tem, arrest the discharges, dispel the gloom and
menial depression, and rejuvenate the svstem
Price $5 for apackageof five boxes and a vial of
powder, which is important in all old long-standing
cases, or $1 per single box. Sold by all firs t
classdruggists.andsentto any address on receipt
of the price. Address Humphreys' tpeciflo Ham
eopathic Medicine Co., 562 Broadwsy, Now Yortl
RAILROADS.
CONDENSED TIME-TABLE
CONDENSED TIME-TABLE LAKE SHORE RAILWAY-GOING EAST.
A.M. A M. A.M. r.M. F. M.
Leave Toledo i.00 6.50 10.40 4.-S S.w
Fremont 4.06 7.63 11.56 6.00 6.50
Arrive Cleveland 7.25 10.55 3.40 9.40 10.00
GOING WEST.
A.M. A.M. P.M. r.M. P.M.
Leave Cleveland 50.0 6.U., 2.30 7.;o 7.30
Fremont 8.42 9.00 6.00 10.17 10.3S
Arrive Toledo 10.00 10.10 7.35 11.30 11.40
LAKE ERIE LOUISVILLE RAILROAD-GOING SOUTH.
at :U0 A.M., P, M
Foatoriaat 10:26 7:13
Arriveat Findlay st 11:30 8:00
GOING NORTH.
Leave Findlay at 5:40a. m. 1:30f.m,
Jrostoriaat 6:34 2:36
ArriveatFremontat 7:40 4:00
Trains leave Cleveland
Lake8hore, East. 7:45 11:05 4:00 10:2o' 5:05
Lake Shore, West 5:00 6:05 2:30- 7:20 7:30
Do. Sandusky 4:05
Atlantic G. W. 7:25 3:35 10:00
Do Mahoninr Br"ch 7:25 3.35
PittsbureiW heel'g 8:40 3:53
C.C.C.Ot I. B.B. 7:15 3:00 7:20 7:15
Trains Leave Toledo
A.M. A.M. A.M. P.M. P.M.
Lake Shore East 3:00 6:50 10:40 4:u5 5:50
Do. Mich. Div. 10:25 5:15 8:00
Air Line 10:30 10:35 11:50
1'oledo Detriot 6:00 1:40 4:05 8:05
I'oledoW. W. 10.10 5:15 10:35
Dayton Michigan 9:20 3:00pm 6:20 12:30
FREMONT RETAIL MARKET.
PRODUCE.
Cheese1, 13c
Potatoes new 50c
Onionsper bush 75
GreenApples 1.25
Butter.... .....i.ic
Bggs 20c
Lara, by tne Keg c
at retail 12e
uriea Appiesperio....bc
Dried Peaches.. 15e
Feathers per lb 75c
Beeswax per lb 25a
Wool lb 50a5(ie
Tallow per lb 8c
netau sc
Wholesale, 70
GRAIN.
Wheat ..tl.30 Luck wheat 60c
Corn .5oc Bye Hie
Oats 30a32c
SEED and HAY.
Flaxseed per bu .50 I Cover seed.. .f.75a$6O0
Timothyseed..3.00a4.00 Hay per ton8.(Kalo.OC
FLOCB and MEAL.
Spring WheatFlour.per White Wheat Flour per
bbl f5.20 I bbl, $7.50
Bed Weat Flour, per i CornMealpeicwt.. 1.75
FREMONT WHITE LIME.
At the Kilns, per bush, 20e
SHINGLES PER M.
Oak 5a7 ITOOsJOO
LATH, PER M.
Pine 12.75
GROCERIES.
Brown.per Ib....l0al2.,c Whiteperlb 14al5
COFFEES.
Rio per lb 18a22 I 6roundCoseea,...20a30e
Java 2tw
TEAS.
Y.Hyon..75c,1.00al.25 I Japan, 75cal.25
Imperial jl.00al.50 1 Gunpowder,.. .l.25al.50
Oolong, 75el.25
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bice per lb 10al2jc I Table Salt persacklO25e
Mackerel per ait .J-s.ou coarse Ha t per bbl-2.30
White Fish per bbl. S-50 Bock Saltiitto 2.20
MEATS.
PORK Per bll $20.00
BEEF Per lb 6caSc
FOWLS.
Chickensperlb 8c I Ducktperlb, 6o
Turkeys perio iic i uecseperiD 6c
Dressed Chickens.... 10c i Dressed Ducks per lb 12c
inrKeys....i2 ueeseperib...6c
SMOKED MEATS.
Hamsnerlb 2c I Bacon lOe
Shoulders 8c Drie Beef 2oc
LUMBER.
FerM.
PerM,
WhiteAsh 18
Poplar 2
Black Walnut 30
Cottonwood $14
Pine, clear 45a55
Fine, common 20
Toledo Market.
TOLEDO, O, Oct, 25. 1871.
The following were theclosing prices:
WHEAT $l.40al,58.
COKS 52a.55.Jsc.
OATS Dull: nosal
CLOVEK SEED $5.80.
TITOTHY 2.75.
MESS POF.k-l:lal4.
SALT 2,05 a $2 20.
Live Stock Markets.
BLtfFALLO, Oc-ilir 25. Cattle Kcceipts 714
head, making 3536 head or 208 cars against 44'-) car
receivd same tirns lr-t-week. Tne market is
fa 1" active and p.'ces to 3c f-'ghei; most all
ottering find '"17 Bale; sal of 403 Kentucky steers,
ranging irom I2')9 to 1304 lbs at 84 90a5 25; 337 In
dirna ranging lrom 1120t7 1531 lbs at $4 30a6 30;
Ohio avei.ng 133 lbs at $5 40; 167 Michigan rang
ing f-om 935 tj 1." 3 lbs at $5 30a5 35; 54 Texans
aversion? 900 lbs at $3 25; 15 Karas ranging lrom
1122 to 1115 lbsat$3 623.8375. Sheep and lambs;
receipt 5960 head; the market Bteacy for Canada;
western dull and he ivy at h c dec' ne; sales of 793
Michigan sheep racking rum 79 to 85 11m at $4 00
a4 50; 185 Misionri averaging 81 lbs at 44 50; 399
Ohio averaging 80 II at 4 50; 201 Indiana averag
ing 83 lbs ar $4 25; 943 Canada ranging f.om 108 to
152 lb3 at $5 00a4 37.H; -479 Canada lambs ranging
from C9 to 85 lbs at 5 75a6 25. Hog3; receip 3307
head; the nrarket is du" and diuooing with but
h jht demand id clos' t weak witn good many
unsold; sales o: 1355 he', at $4 42a4b0 for common
to choke.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
f l-THE CAUSE AND CURB OF CON
SUMPTION. The primary can Be of Consump
tion is derangement of the digestive organs. This
derangement produces deficient nutrition and as
similation. By assimilation, I mean that process
by which the nutriment of the food is converted
into blood, and thence into the solids of the body.
Persons with digestion thus impaired, having the
slightest predisposition to pulmonary disease, or
If they take cold, will be very liable to have Con
sumption of the Lungs in some of its forms and
I hold that it will be impossible to cure any case
of Consumption without first restoring a good
digestion and healthy assimilation. The very first
thing to be done is to cleanse the stomach and
bowels from all diseased mucus and slime which
are clogging these organs so that they cannot per
form their functions, and then rouse np and re
store the liver to a healthy action. For this pur
pose, the surest and best remedy is Schenck's
Mandrake Pills. These Pills clean the stomach
and bowels of all the dead and morbid slime that
is causing disease and decay in the whole system.
They will clear out the liver of all diseased bilo
that has accumulated there, and arouse it up to a
new and healthy action, by which natural and
healthy bile is secreted. (J
The stomach, bowels, and liver are thus cleansed
by the use of Schenck's Mandrake Pills but there
remains in the stomach an excess of acid, the or
gan is torpid and tbeappetite poor. In the bow
els, the lac teals are weak, and requiring strength
and support. It is in a condition like this that
Schenck's Seaweed Tonic proves to be the most
valuable remedy ever discovered. It is alkaline,
and its nee will neutralize all excess of acid, mak
ing the stomach sweet and fresh; it will give
permanent tone to this important organ, and cre
ate a good, hearty appetite, and prepare tho sys
tem for the first process of a good digestion, and
ultimately make good, healthy, living blood. Af
ter this preparatory treatment, what remains to
cure most cases of Consumption is the free and
persevering use of Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup.
The Pulmonic Syrnp nourishes the system, puri
fies the blood, and is readily absorbed into the
circulation, and thence distributed to the diseased
lungs. There it ripens all morbid matters, wheth
er in the form of abscesses or tubercles, and then
assists Nature to expel all the diseased matter in
the form of free expectoration, when once It ri
pens. It is then, by the great healing and purify
ing properties of Schenck's Pulmonic Syrup,
that all ulcers and cavities are healed up sound,
and my patient is cured. f
The essential thing to be done in curing Con
Aimption is to get up a good appetite and a good
digestion, so that the body will grow in flesh and
get strong. If a person has diseased lungs, a cav
ity or abscess there, the cavity csnnot Ileal, tho
matter cannot ripen, to long as the system is be
low par. What is necessary to cure is a new or
der of things, a good appetite, a good nutrition,
the body to grow in flesh and get fat then Na
ture is helped, the cavities will heaL tho matter
will ripen and be thrown off in large quantities,
and the person regain health and strength. This
is the true and only plan to cure Consumption,
and if a person is very had, if the lungs are not
entirely destroved, or even if one lung is entirely
gone, if there is enough vitality left In the other
to heal np. there is hope.
I have seen many persons cured, with only one
sound lung, live and enjoy lire to a good old age.
This is what Schenck's Medicines will do to cure
Consumption. They will clean out the stomach,
sweeten and strengthen it. get up a good diges
tion, and give Nature tbe ai:lAcce she needs to
clear the system of ail the disease that is in the
lungs, whatever the form may be.
It is important that, while using Schenck's
Medicines, care should be exercised not to tako
cold: keep in-doors in cool and damp weather;
avoid ninht-air, and take ont-dour exercise only
in a genial and warm sunshine.
I wish it distinctly understood that when I re
commend a patient to be careful in regard to tak
ing cold while using my medicines, I do so for a
special reason. A man who lias bnt partially re
covered from the effects of a bad cold is tar more
liable to a relapse than one who has been entirely
enred, and it is precisely the same in regard to
Consumption. So long as the lungs are not per
fectly healed, jnst so king is there imminent dan
ger of a full return of the disease. Hence it is
that I so strenuously camion pulmonary patients
against exposing themselves to an fttmosphero
that is not genial and pleasant. Confirmed Con
sumptives' lungs arc a mass of sores, which the
least change of atmosphere will inflame. Tho
grand secret of my enccces-with my medicines
consists in my ability to subdue inflammation in
stead of provoking it, as many of the faculty do.
An inflamed lung cannot with safety to the pa
tient be exposed to the biting blasts of winter or
the chilling winds of spring or autumn. It
should be carefully shielded from all irritating in
fluences. The utmost caution should te observed
in this particular, as without it a cure under 1
mostany circumstances is an impossibility.
The person should ho kept on a wholesome and
nutritious diet, and all the medicines continued
until the body has restored to it the natural
quantity of flesh and strength.
1 was myself cured by this treatment of the
worst kind of Consumption, aud have lived to
f'et fat and hearty these many years, with one
ting mostly gone. I have cured thousands since,
and very many have been cured by this treatment
whom I have never seen.
About the 1st of October, I expect to take pos
session of my new building at the northeast cor
ner of Sixth and Arch Streets, where I shall bo
pleased to give advice to all who may require it.
Full directions accompany a!l my remedies, so
that a person in any part of the world can be read
ily cured by a strict observance of the same.
f J, H. SCHENCK, M.D.,
Philadelphia,
B. MACREADY CO.,
B. MACREADY CO., N. E. Cor. Columbia Walnut Sts.,
CINCINNATI, OHIO.
Wholesale Agents.
It need not perplex you at all to decide
where to go for clothing just suited to this weather.
Dbtfoos' Clothing Store is the place.
Goblets in endless variety of quality and
tsyle, very cheap at J, D. Mooas's Crockery store,
lltf
MAN AND WIFE.
I'ssarvfor Younsr Men. ontbe great
SOCIAL EVILS and ABUSES, which intertere
with U AERIA&E with sure meads of relief for
the erring and unfortunate, diseued and debili
tated. Sent free in sealed envelopes. Address,
HOWAED ASSOCIATION, No. 2 S. Ninth St.,
Philadelphia, Pa.
Trust what Time has Sanctioned.
Tne naxim that the vuice of the people is the
voice of the divinity may in some cases be open
to doubt, but the testimony of honest and en
lightened witnesses extending through a series of
years, and all to tbe acme purport, is worthy of
credence, admits of no question. Upon such tea
timony the reputation of Hostetter'a Stomach
Bitters as an antidote and cure tor manyailments
is based. During tho twenty years that it has
be en before the world, innumerable preparations
intended to compete with it, have gone up like
rockets, and come down the xtinguished sticks.
Meanwhile the prcgiers of that incomparable
tonic has been 6wift and stfsdy always upward
aud onward like the eagle's flight. Its introduc
tion produced a revoiutio in in thereapeutics, and
it proved to be one of those salutary revolu
tions that cannot go backwards. To-day Hostet
ter'a Bitters is one of the most popular remedies
in Christendom, and commands a larger sale than
any other medicinal preparation, domestic or im
ported, on this side of the Atlantic. As a cure for
dyspepsia, bilious disorders, nervous affections,
general debility, and a preventive of epidemie
eveu, it takes precedence of everv other remedv.
This fact should teach the ambiticos country
dealers who endeavor to foist their local abortions
on the public in its stead, how iutile their small
attempts to cajole tbe community must necessa
rily be. Where the game hsh have failed there is
no chance for the "suckers."
THE GREAT FRENCH REMEDY.
DELAMARRE'S SPECIFIC PILLS.
Prepared by Gabanciebe St Dcpont, No. 214 Bos
Lomoara, rans. anu nisrniy rerommroaea oy
the entire Medical faculty of Pince.
Are the verv best remedy in atl cases of doerma-
torrhcea, o Seminal Weakness; Nightly, Daily or
rremature emissions; nexuai w eaxnessor in.
potency:; Weakness arising front Secret Habits
and Bexunl excesec 1; lteturntion ot tne trenttal
Orvana; Weak Spine: "Lime" or 'Brick Dust"
deposits in the Urine; Milky Discharges," sic.,
and all the ghastly train o. Symptoms arising
from Overuse or Excesses.
They cure when all other remedies fail.
Full directions in each box.
Price $1 per Box or 6 Boxes for $5.
Bold bv the principal Druairists, or wi'lbe sent
by mail, ttemirettt waled from nil observation,
by enclosing price to tne ooie tenerai a gent lor
America, JOB MOSEd, 1SCobtlahdtSt.,Nkw
Yobk. Pamphlet of Advice sent Pre to any
address.
BRYAN'S PULMONIC WAFERS,
aie unfailing in the CtmE of Coughs, Colds,
A sthma, Bboncmitis, Sor Thboat, Hoabkkkess,
Divicclt Bbeathino, liccirizxT Consumption
Di?e. 4ESOF tub Lungs. They have no taste of
medicine and any child will take them. Thou
sands have been restored to health that had be
fore despaired. Testimony given in hundreds of
cases. -4 ttinyle done relieern in Ten jilftuTZS.
Ask for BKYAN'S PULMONIC WAFKKS.
NstD Btrtisjiiunts.
CUNDUMMJO!
THK 'WONDKBFUL REMEDY FOB
CARTER, SYPHILIS, SCROFULA,
1 1 I ks, sAir HHfiriti and Aisit
KASES.
Da. P. T. KEENE having jast returned from
Euciulor ann bromfht with him a qaa&titT of the
genuine Cuii(turant;o Bark secured
thioushthe oili -ial recoumenclation and asmist
anee of Hia Excellency the President of Eurador,
and the Government of that He public, we are
n-epared to nil orders for it to a limited extent,
and at a price about one-quarter of that which the
cost of the first rery small supply compelled at to
charpe.
A snurfouft article is now advertised and
sold as OnnduracTO. We have, at a considerable
expense, and with the co-operation of the author
ities of Loja, the province where the plant grows,
o directed the channel of our supply as to ensure
that none bnt the genuine article snail be
sold by u and we particularly call the attention
ot the public, tor their protection, to tni tact.
BMSS. KLr t A: CO.,
(iOCedrtr st. New Yerk.
D. W. Bliss, M. Washington, i. C; Z. E.
Bliss. M. 1).. New York; F. T. Keesb. M.D..
New York.
y
I J
The oldest and most reliable Institution fnr
obtaining a Mercantile .Education.
mrrt racucai business men as instructors,
lor information write for a circular to
P. DIFF Ac MS, Pittsburgh, Pa.
WILL 31. CMILETON,
AUTHOR 01
"Betsey and I Are Out."
3iDIT9 ASD WKITE3 FOB TOE
DETROIT WEEKLY TRIBUNE.
The Best Family Newspaper in the Country. 2
a year. Send for specimen copy and elub circular.
Address T 11 E 1" it IB V .E,De t roi ,M ic b
FilEi
V Try samples of our great
S-pUtfe, tl UU ILLUSTRATED WeetlJ
30 Fears t dtaoliniied. Jr'ioe ateei
engravings tree to MUbecnoeia. Agents mass 95
a day. Benaior oacnraay bazeiceriauoweu. Me.
Solicited by MO.X ic
CO. Publishers Scientific
iff
American, 3T Park
MoHi.M. V. 'i entv-live rtaij' experience.
tamDhleta contiimnif intent Laws, wi h full
air eo lions now r ooidin ratei. ts, irce
A bound volume of 116 p igea, containing the
New Census by eo untied and ail larire cities.
I'iEntrtaviuiTM cf ailhmcAl Movement Pat
ent Liws and times fur oouumag fatem, mailed
on receipt of 2o cents.
THE NEW
jWHIILKRi WILSOS
iVIACHiriE.
WM- STJMUfifi 09-,
jCIN C 1 N N ATI,
D ALi,
I cities ani Tjwn in the State.
D"
'S
XX FLINT CLASS
LAM? CHIMNEYS
Statid Heat better than any o.her made.
Aak for Dithridge's and take no other.
See tkat our name is ou every box.
D1THR1DGE SON, Piltaborgh, Pa.
tf Send lor Price List.
ft
V
ftv Jfi. .4 -fr. Xi
Aconii)oiniii oi t iciMi-itttt fi.ir-:. Ac!ii'v.
Ci?7'nI thrbtst pror.intcrnf Ikr n-,-oh and bt'tvtij
nf the hair. 1.'Z?Z s it., Iioston. Jin?s.
bold by u!l (U'u.-Jiiia. bMare nj imttatfiu.
WASTED.-Lady and gentlemen Agents
t-ir Jno. ri. C. Abbott's I'ranco-Pruaaian War
and History of Italy. K. I), b. Illtu, Ag't., suc-
-sor to J. it. Kandall, 108 (Jriawold t., Detroit,
tlich.
CHEAPEST ADVERTISING
u IN THE WORLD!
I Fr&7 per Incli per Month-
lTltfewill JDwert sn Advertisement in IH
Viirst-ciass Oiiio Newspapers?
induim J lalies. Prouoruouate
rates for smaller advertisements. List sent iiee.
Address G&Q P. ROW ELL CO.,
40 a ad 4 1 PA UK. BUV,.UVV OUK
STAMMERING The came removed. Ad
druss Dr. A .fcKMJiDSiAit, East Hdddam,Ut.
G .OX A JlOXTll! Horse furnished. Kx-
tu?XcJjeuses paid. it. B. bdAW, Alfred, Me
S30- wi; wir.V pay 3o
Agents -J0 per week to sell our great and valuable
aud pleasant work, appiy lor particulars. A.L
dreflaDl Lii 6c CO., Jauuun, Jdiciu-ao.
1,(E GIFTS.
Grand Gilt Concert and Distribution, for the
llenelit of the foundling Asylum of New
York, and Soldiers' and bailors' Or
phans' Home, Washington, I). C.
To be held in Washington as soon us al
Tickets are sola, ot wuH-ii Ten
Dam Police u lll bo si v en,) and not
laier tliau .November m, Isii. iinure number ol
ticaeU, i2,U00 j acn. l,uoi ijilts, amounting to
.0O,)U0, to be awarded, fceud lur circular, giving
iut Of ullta anu atelcrelices. 1 icaeuj cau ue u.ui
Hli.K5f at .AK(i..N"r,
Philadelphia, luinlms, O and hichmund, Ind.
31 NaoKau street, Hew lork.
Hon. II. JlcCULLOOIi.t ton, Comtu'ia,
Mai liEO. T- CA&I LK, Baltimore, v
Hoi. J. S. KEUIJii', Pitjourt, Pa., Trustee.
Avoid qurcks.-A victim of early indis
cretion, causing ultvuus debility, premature
dtcay, ete., hiving tried in vaiu eveiy advei .is J
remedy, has discovered sucpie means oi seii-cc.e
,hih hnlsend to but leilow BOttarers. Aadr
J. H. KKtVES,7li St., A. J
THIRTY Y EARS CF EXPERIENCE,
IS TUB TEEATMENr OF
niirnnin and Sexual Disease
A Phisiological View of Marriage.
The chape0-t .book ever puDiisuea containing
nMBriv ti -ee but dr'd Tildes, 9 id onj
hundred and th:rty tine iilt tea and engraving
of the aautomy ot tne human o bana in a state of
health and disease, wiui a treat iht on early errors,
lis deDlorable cunscuucnctu upon the mind and
luily, with th; author plan oi treatment the
only rational and succ. ?lul mode oi euro, as
shuvn bv a reto.t ot eas treated. A truthful
adviser to the ma lied and those cnmpiat.ig
uiim ixe, who ent -turn .mots of il -ir nbysic.il
condition, bei.t fr oi r. taire to 8iy aduresa, on
receipt of twenty-!'. ve cents iu Btarr-i- or vostal
currency, by addre ing I)n. L CBO" T, fio 31
siaiilen i.ane, Albany, X. V. Ibe author may be
consulted upon &nv ot the di b; A&ea upon tra a
his book trvt8, eitner personally oi by mail, t;
to any part of the varid.
IIEW GOODS
HEAD QUARTERS
We are now opening a very large
and full stock of
FALL VVirJTSR
GOODS!
ASD AT VERY LOW PRIt'ESI
Our Stock of DRESS GOODS is
large, embracing many Beauti
ful Designs.
EMPRESS CLOTHS,
FRENCH MERIXOS,
PLAIDS, SATTEENS,
JAPANESE SILKS,
BLACK AND FANCY SILKS, fcc,
ALL AT BEDCCED PRICES!
SHAWLS in Great Variety, to
which we invite your
special attention.
Our Stock of
FLANNELS,
CASSIMERS,
WATERPROOFS,
BLANKETS,
WHITE GOODS,
HOSIERY, kc
Is large and at the Bottom Price.
We have a full and large stock of
DOMESTICS!
All Leading Brands of
Prints,
Brown and Bleached Cottons,
Striped Shirtings,
Denima, Tickings,
Cotton Flannels,
Checks,
Linscys, 4c,
On all of which w dsfy Competition
We have also a very large line of
At Very Law Prices!
CASH PAID Wheat,
Corn, Oats, Wool, and all kinds of
Produce. D. GARVIN CO.
Fremont, O..Sek27, 1871.
E. L. CROSS,
DIALIS IB
Watches, Clocks, Jewelry,
Silrer pjnd Plated Ware,
PIANO FORTS. OKGAKS, MELODEOK8
AND MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
MUSIC BOOKS, SUEKT MUSIC, 9
CsarWatohei, Clocks and Jewelry, Eepairtdand
Warranted.
Gilt Kosewood Sloaldlngc
FKA3IE3 MADE TO OBDI.R.
u7AU Goods Warranted aa Represented, la
Fianoa Promptly Tuned by an Experienced Tuner
Oil Palntinc,r a Snperlar Character,
a t ine Stack afOll Caraiaaa, and French
Transfer.
Wholesale Agtncy for theBurdett Organ
Freest, B-ckiAd'aWk. Ohio.
RUPTURE.
Believed and cured bj Dr. Sherman's Patent Ap
pliance and com pound. 006, 697 Broadway N
Y. Lend 10c for book with photographic Ukeneases
of c i sea before and after care, with the Henry
Ward Beether case, tetters a ad portrait. Beware
ot traveling lm posters, who pretend to have been
assistants of Dr. Sbjuukav. He has no agent a
Ayer's Cathartic Pills,
For all the purposes of a Laiativa
Medicine.
lerhapnoonc medi
cine ia so universally
required by every
body as a cathartic,
nor waa ever any be
fore eo universally
edopced into use, in
every country and
among: all classes, aa
tiiis mild bntefneient
purgative I'm. The
obvious reason Is,
that it is a more relia
ble and far more et-
fretual remedy than any other. Those who have
tried it, know that it cured them; those who have
not, know that it enres theirneinhbors and friend-
and all know that what it does once it does al
waysthat it never fails thronirh any fault or neg
glectof iu composition. We have thonsands upon
thousand of certilicates of their remarkable cures
of tho following complaints, but such cures aro
known in everv neighborhood, and we need not
publish them. Adapted to all atfes and conditions
in all climates containing neither calomel nor any
deleterious druir, they may be taken with gaiety
by anvbody. Their sujrai-coa tin ir preserves them
ever freshand makes them pleasant to take, while
being purely vegetable, no harm can arise from
their use in any quantity.
Thev operate by their powerful influence on the
internal viscera to purify the blood and sUmulat
it into healthv action remove the obstructions
of the stomach, bowels, liver, and other organs of
the boilv, restoring their irregular action to health,
and bv correcting, wherever they exist, such do
rantteiiieuts as are the liist origin oi disease.
Minute directions are given in the wraprwr on
the box, for the following conilamts, which tlieao
fills rapidly cure:
t or IysirMa or Tndiar'otioa. Lhtlm
hi. I.iMiraor and lm of Anpnite, they
should lie taken moderately to stimulate the stom
ach, and restore its healthy tone aud action.
for J.lver t'onplaiat ami its various svmp
toms, BUioaa MotuttKbr, )ek Hriut.
achr. Janadicr or trwa tlckaeia, M.;.
ioua C'alic and Bilteaa lvr. lliey should
be judiciously taken for each case, to correct the
diseased action or remove the obstruction whii a
cause it.
tor I.TafrrT or Diarrhoea, but one
mild dose is generally required.
For ftkeamuciniM. 4oat, Cravrl, Pal.
pitation sf the Heart, Pain la the
feirir. Back and Lola., tlicv should be contin
uously taken, as required, to clnmtre the diseased
action of the system. itli i change those
complaints disappear.
For IroMtr and Iion-irnl ellinir
they should be taken in Utnie and frequent dose
to produce the effect of a drastic purge.
For iauprrwiu a large dose should be
token as it produces the desired effect by sym
pathy. As" a Dinner Pitt, take one or two Tills to
promote digestion and relieve the stomach.
An occasioned dose stimulates the stomach and
bowels into healthy action, restores the appetite,
and invigorates the system. Hence it is often ad
vantageous where no serious derangement exists.
One who feels tolerablv well, often linds that a
dose of these Pills makes him feel decidedly bet
ter, from their cleansing and renovating effect on.
tile digestive apparatus.
Jtr, J. C- A i ER Jt CO., Practical Chemists
ZQWZlIMA!SV.8.AJtr