THE PORK MARKET Ci8IDEH
EOt
UfcvtnK nlwaj tn vlow (lie jrinoral
Rood u( th country and especially Jcal
on of Ilia interest of our patron, w
rtl iN fA A 1- W (tl I I ....1 I..
n iuii UDgcIIIUUI HIIU Ki ll 111
regard to Iho pork marl.t. Xt fenr
"rrianjr ot our firman aro holding on for
considerable advance In the price with
OWt any reasonable prospect lor It, and
we-auggett that thty tall ag eoon ai
thay can at tha bait figure now oflered.
Thl lUitgaitfon we make for two rea-
ona: First, because) the crop of hog
throughout the United Stated 1 much
larger than WMostlinaUd.and especially
is It io e regards Indtaha end Kansas.
A itnond roaion we assign U the amount
'of old meat on hand. A friend at our
elbow who hat bean East, and who met,
and hald ft converiatlon with a member
of a large meat Ann of Lloitotf, on the
lubjacl wa informed, by lilin, that they
bad tlireo year old mtat on hand, and as-
anred him, that tlioro wai a large amount
nt one, two and thrae'year old pork on
hand, and that It waa In tho hand of the
man who are In the market the pretent
year to buy, and that price could not
'rale high. While, therefore, your bog
jare In ge'od u&x for market, we would
respectfully advise you to aell without
farther lot of corn, tlmo and labor.
M2MATOU TUUMHULt, OS GRANT.
The Democrat and sore-bsadd Re
publican tako great pleasure tn quoting
senator Trumbull a bolng opposed to
President Grant. A correspondent of
io Louisville Courier Journal, tele-
graph from Washington under date of
.Dec. 3d, giving the convocation of
.Senator Trumbull with a prominent
Southern politician. Tho Senator de
clared with his usual emphasis that lie
woum not lie a Uonserratlve candidato
for the presidency against Grant, but
preferred a aeat in the Senate, besides
tue people are not ready for a change,
Grant's defeat would cause a reaction in
the South, and the consequence would
lie a worse stale of affairs than at the
present time.
The Democrats, he ssyn.wlll not adopt
a'TassUo" Polloy, which Is equltnUnt
to a dlsbaudment. The unpunlshment
'ofvlolenco at the South alone would
.sat Democracy. The Republican party
.is, not really dlrlded and (will poll
"le'rgdr vote next year than In lfe68.
Oat learned Missouri Senator,! who,
claims that he. carries the entire German
.vote, as yot, stands alone In the prodio
tlon among sore-headed Republicans that
political death will certainly pvro'takc.the
.Republican party if Grant Is re-untnlnat-ed.
It Is usually the caso (lint the fall
State election preceding a Presiden
tial campaign, indicate tho current of
popular sentiment, and how the next
campaign, will go.
During tho present year there have
been twenty-two S.tate elections. Fifteen
of the total number gave Republican
mnlorlties, aud at the next Presidential
lection tho electoral vote of these fif
teen States alone would be suilkltnt to
elect a President.
DOOL1TTLE.
..The fate of the "Anti-Grant Republi
can" aud Democratic coalition Is pres
aged in tho defeat of ex-Senator Doollt
tie, who lately ran for Governor of Wis
Iconsln on a "new departure" platform.
Doollttlo was a dissatisfied Republican
of tho Schurz-Brown order, and the
Wisconsin Democrats nominated hlin to
catch Republican votes but they didn't
catch them. On the contrary, the Re
publican candidato was elected by n
largely increased majority over the vote
of last year. In Milwaukee, where Doo
little lives the Democracy "gained a
loss" of 780. The people of Wisconsin
'eyldihtjy fail to appreciate tbe Demo
eratlo "now departure" as headed by a
renegade Republican. And what bet
ter will Scuurz aud Brown, or any
body .fair, at-tho hand of tho people
should they undertake the same iittlo
game? It is too tbln 5
i aaej j
ORIGIN OF THE CHICAGO FIRE.
Tbe Cow Story True.
From evidence taken before the Fire
Commissioner November 2blli, It was
ascertained that Mrs. O'Lsary'a cow
was tbe cause of the Are, although that
lady had no more responsibility In the
matter than what was afforded by her
ownership, In the cow. It appear that
her friend aud cotenaat, McLaughlin,
tho fiddler, had a social time that even-
fng and wishing to cook a few ovesters
for the social crowd and being short of
milk weut for Mrs. O'Leary' cow, and
while engaged in surreptitiously obtain
lug tho lacteal aluva from the "baste"
she became indignant at their dishonest
practices and .kicked over the lamp,
hence the great conflagration.
DEMOCRATIC GROWLING
PRESIDENT GRANT.
AT
The eotreuultV displayed bv tho Demo
eratic press Iu growling over tho acts of
Presldeut Grant, I positive marvelous.
It would require an extraordinary scent
to detect anything unconstitutional or
unroasotiablo in tho Presidet'a harmless
sud formal Thanksgiving Proclamation,
but the Democratic Journal have found
It; One of these Journals denounces tho
Proclamation as "another strldo towards
centralized despotism;" auothur "In
vasion or Stale Rights." One writer
tears his hair bocause "Radical usurpa
tion ha guno so far that tho President
undertake to dictate to forty millions
of free meu when they shall pray." This
Is tho sortofclap-trap ulth which (ho
war against the. adraluistratlou is, now
being, kept up by a certain das of tho
opposition newspapers, No wonder
that a party whlih fight a with such
weapons as (hews should be undecided
whether to try to oxlst nuy longer or
jjot.-Oraiit Oily Star.
TtieJiayo an old way of compliment
!wg otio another In Southwest Missouri,
'fhe Iteaard man says that "the editor
of (he Bute county Democrat i pre
paring for the present campaign by
polishing thb brain (u hi face with eon
b fraud lye."
OREGON PUBLIC SCHOOL.
THE SCHOOIi HOARD, THE
SUPERINTENDENT AND EDI
TOR ON A TOUR OF INSPEC
TION.
1
Sntlsractorr Results.
Among tho many advantages that
Oregon has reason to be proud or, Is hrr
Graded Publte School. The school is
geveruod by the general law for the
governuent of schools In towns and Til
lages, nnd has boen In successful opera
tion ever since that law was first pusfcd.
In company with throe of the School
Df rectors, Messrs. Gcorgo Cummlus,
Henry Watson, Jeplhtlia Martin, toicelu-
er with iM-ank Gordon, tho County
Superintendence visited the school on
Monday afternoon. We found tho school,
so far as we Mrs capable of judging, all
that the people of Oregon could dejlre.
In every department we found the most
perfect, system and ordor. Alter re
maining half an hour in Prof. Harsh.
berger's room and hearing a class drill
In English Grammar, which was very
thorough aud reflected much credit on
tho teacher. We repaired to department
No. 3, which Is uuder the eupeflnten
duuey "of Mr. 0. M. Kuly, whom we
found very busy going through a black
board lessou on construction ofseaten-
CSS.
We next passed Into Mr. Daniel Scliul-
te's room, Department No. S, where we
found three classes busily engaged In
their respective studies. We were
pleased with the efforts of those tender
young students In audible reading. We
were shown several specimsns of wri
ting by the scholars, written at that
moment, that showed great progress In
this branch.
Department No. 4 the Primary or
preparatory department of the school-
under the control of Miss Kennedy, we
found not In operation that afternoon,
owing to tho indlspositlou of the School
mistress, we paiu this department a
visit some weeks ago, and it was here
where we saw the little A-iik-ck-DA-ui-
ans. A (ew iu number only 70. How
Miss Kennedy manages to put in her
time with so little to do,we did not stop
to Inquire Bhe takes a groat Interest In
teachli.g the young ideas "how to shoot.'
We were especially pleased to learn
from Mr. Herahberger, that scholars
were not allowed to use tho "weed" In
school. Messrs. Ruley and Scbulto
have adopted the same wholesome regu
lation. There Is nothing nsstlcr than to
"see" a scholar talk who has a quid of
tobacco botwee.n his jiiw-bouos.
The ofllce of a school toucher Is Indeed
a toilsome, laborious ono, aud we are
afraid the people of Oregon do not prop
erly appreciate the labors of these teach
ers for I lie education ot our children.
The teachers complain that the pa
rents seldom visit the school and do not
show enough Interest. This is a Just
complaint, and overy paroiit who sends
his children to bo instructed, ought to
take the time to g and see for him or
herself.
The School numbers about 230 schol
ars, with new arrivals almost dally. The
rooms are too full for (he proper accom
modation of scholars and teachers, and
It Is evident that something will soon
have to be dono to remedy the evil. Our
efficient Board of Education have dono
a great deal within tho past year to tlx
up the Interior of the school building;
but It seems to us they will soon have to
devise some way and means to erect a
commodious addition, In the shape of an
L or a T to the main edifice, thus secur
ing two or four inoro school rooms.
This additional school room would ena
ble the Faculty to classify the scholars
on a still better and higher grade, aud
give those of our friends who reside at
a distance, an apportunlty to seud their
sous and daughters here to bo educated.
Tbe tuition paid by the children com
ing from adlitance, would almost suffice
to pay the salary of an additional toach-
ar. The school grounds are large enough
to erect all the school buildings wo need,
and h ive au abundance of play ground
left. We have not time to speak In de
tail of this Important mattsr, but we
trust the day i not far distant when the
Oregon Public School shall liaye attain
ed euch a state of perfection, as will
make her the best Institution of thw kind
Iu the Missouri Valley.
THE POUTICAE HITUATION.
The Chicago 7Vibune,wb1ch has some
times been considered ae slightly favor
able to the third party move, mules the
following statement of the situation
since the late elections
Tno great practical foct established by
tho elections of 1U71, is that tho country
nan, wttn unsxampieu unanimity, declar
ed that the rule of the Republican parly
la to continue, and that uuder uo cir
cumstances whatevor, will there be any
acceptance or toleration or the Demo
cratic party iu tho control of either
State or National governments, A
Damocrutlo nomination for President In
1872 will be but an absurd farce, a seuse-
lese act of Impudence, and un insulting
appeal irom puuuo opinion, u will
servo ony to render certain tho election
ot whoevor may bo nominated by the
Republican Convention. Having ceased
to have any claim upon tho respect of
the people; having irrecoverably lost
all coufldoueo of tho people being tin
able to rally ciiough men to elect any
body to an olUco, what possible usa Is
there lis keeping up (ho offensive organi
zation cursed with the name of Demo
cratic party? Has It not already brav
ed public opinion long enough Why
does It not bury the wretched apologies
for leadors who are using it for personal
notoriety, and then disband, leaving Its
member free to Join (he great national
party, aud help, with that organization,
to remedy any evil that may iiocd
remedying In the laws aud policies of
the govurninent?
IT IS EASV TO UE NOIIODY.
Aud we will toll you how to do It.
GO to the saloon and spend your leisure
time you need not drink much now-
just a Utile beer or some other drink.
Iu the meantime, play dominoes, chock
rs, or something else to kill (line, so
(hat you will be sure not to read any
useful books: and If you do rend, lot it
be the dime novels of the day; thus go
ou keeping your stomach full aud your
head empty, and yourself playing "time
killing games," end in a short llwo.you
will bo flobpdy.
THE "PHENOMENA OF SP1RIT
UAIilSM" AND HOEY WRIT.
Another Epistle by Illlile Render.
Mri EniTou: Plense insert a few
more quotations from the niblo, in al
luctdatloii of the "Phenomena of Spirit
ualism," of which we havo heard so
much of late.
'Then Phlllln went down tn tha rttr
of Samaria, and preached Christ unto
them. And the people with one accord
gave heed to those thing which Phillip
epoke, hearing and seeing tho miracles
which he did. For unclean spirits, cry
ing with loud voices came out of manv
mat wero poismssotl with them. But
there was a certain man, called Simon,
which beforollme, In the same city,
used sorcery aud bewitched the people
of Samaria, giving out that he hisnsel!
was some great one, to whom they all
gave heed, from tho last to the greatest,
saying, This man 1 the great power of
nwi.
Neod name be mmtloned to cite the
mind to corresponding Incidents which
are now transpiring? But tho history
coutlntiss, sayings''
"And when Simon saw that through
me laying on or the Apostles' hand th
Holy Spirit was ulven. be offered then
money, saying, Give me also this power."
blmon acknowledged bis powor inferl
or to that which attended tho Apostles
nevertheless he bad bewitched the peo
ple ol Samaria, "all of whom had eald,
mis man is the power of God." But
Potersald, "Thy money norlsh with tho
because thou hast thought that th gift
of God may be purchased with money.
iiioti hast neither lot nor part In tbe
It, H M K In IliM 1. I I. A I
sight of God. Repout, therefore, of tbls
thy wickedness, and nrav God It tier.
haps the thought of thine htart may bo
iurgireii wicb. ror i perceive tual tlioU
art Iu the gall ot bitterness and in the
nanus ot iniquity, Then answered Si
mon, Pray th Lord for me."
Thua Heaven' truth I vindicated,
and tho opposing principle rendered vain,
and also, the sorcerer forced to admit
kU magic and source of skill Inferior by
far to the power accompanying tha Apos
ties, lie first offers to purchase the
spirit as an art, and falling, solicits
prayor for himself: "Pray ye to the
Lord for me." Aote vlll, 6-24. Thus
was tha perverted nature sphere that
had formerly controlled him, and by
which th people of Samaria had bean
deluded, overcome, and It insufficiency
exposed by tho light of fhe spirit of
truth, and he, tho medium of evil Influ
ences, brought to si his necessity or
dod's grace
The next incident I shall notice Is that
of a female medium, who was under the
influence of a spirit of divination, but
which was cast out by Paul. The record
says ol her:
"And it came to pass, as we went to
prayer, a certain damsel, possessed with
a spirit of divination, met us, which
urnugni usr mailer much gain tiyaooth
saying. The acme followed Paul niu!
us, and cried, saying, These men are sorv-
cms or tno ..Most Ulgh Uud, which
snewcit unto us the way of salvation
And thus did she many days. But Paul,
bolirg grieved, turned aud said to the
spirit, 1 command thee, In tha name of
Jesus Christ, to rome out of her t" And
he came out the earn hour. And when
her master saw t It at the hope of their
gains was gone, (hsy caught Paul nnd
Silas, and drew (hem into the market
place unto the rulers, and brought them
to the magistrates, saying, These men,
bolng Jaws, do uxceadingly trouble our
elty."-Acts xvl, 1C-20.
"And tho seventy returned again with
jot. saying, Lord, even the devils
are
suhlscl unto us thrntnrh tliv tiam.
Notwithstanding, In this
rejoice not, said Jesus, that the spirits
are subject unto you but rather rejoice
because your names are written iu heaven."-Luke
x, 17-20.
There is a name above the mini of
spirits, and he who trusts therein Is
able to bid all evil away, and lol it files.
Iln that name Jesus-denylng spirits aro
exorcised It Is a terror t thrm. Hut he
who obtalus divine aid must havo the
Holy Spirit In his heart.
The above quotations from Luke are
corroborated and confirmed by thai just
considered from Actsjcvl, 18, as well as
many others Of like nature, recorded of
those days and the oppostta Is revealed
In the following Incidents, where thoso
whose heart was not the temple of the
Holy Spirit attempted to exorcise evil
spirits, hut failed. Thus It Is written,
Acts xlx, 13
Then certain of the vagabond Jews,
exorcists, took upon them to call ever
them which had evil spirits the nam of
the Lord Jesus, saying, We adjure you
by Jesus, whom Paul preacheth. And
there were seven tons of one Seeva, a
Jew, and chief of the priests which did
so. and the evil spirits answered and
said Jesus I know, and Paul I know
but who are ye? And the man in
whom the evil, spirit was, leaped ou
them, and varcom them, and pre
vailed against thefll, so they fled out of
the house naked and wounded. And
this was known to ell tho Jew aud
Greeka also.dwelling iu Ephesus.and rear
fell on them all, and the name of the
Lord Jesus was magnified, aud many of
them aleo which usod curious arts
brought (heir books together, and
burned them before all,"
No ou can mistake the character of
tho true principles' disclosed In tliese
historic facts. Spiritualists, who deny
the christian faith, admit the presence
of spirits as recorded iu the scriptures.
They claim that the Patriarchs, Pro
phets and Apostles held communion
with spirits, etc. This confsslon corn
mils their cause, fur the Apostles pro
feieod a faith directly coutrary to that
of the naturalists; moreover, by the
name of Jesus ovll spirits were exor
cised, aud the spirits which operated'
with those or the nature spkert con
leased the divinity or Jesus,
"Why aft (hou come to torment u
before the time?" was the language of
spirits to tho Savior. By this they, In
the strongest mauner, admitted th
power of (he Lord over them their con
clousiiess that they could not endure his
presence, or resist his command. But
tlin evil spirit overcame those who
were not the true apd faithful servants
of tbe Lord thoso who had not the
spirit of Christ, aro iu psrfsct
accordance with these, and are con
nected with modern spiritualism.
Again, It is written I John, iv, 1-3.
iewvu, uoiieya no overy spirit, out
1 t.-ll 7
try the spirit whother they be of God
because many false prophets have gone
out Into the world, Ilereby know ye
the spirit of God every spirit that con
fesseth that Joins Christ I Iu the flesh
is of God; and every spirit that con-j
fesseth not that Jesus nhrtat (a til
the flesh it hot of God and this 1 Ihe
spirit of antl-Chrtst, whereof ye heard
tlmt it should come, and even now al
ready Is In the world."
How plainly the distinction is hor
expressed? And how. abundant ilioevl-
donr- nfTri(1 liV litilnrv. I.'K
j j j wuil, .IIVICU
and profane, that connected with man
aro two spnerss oi spiritual influx that
two classss oflnfluence from the Interi
or or invisible world seek the control oi
the human heart one Is divluo and In
line, and the other slcklv. discordant
and finite. BIDLE READER.
GRAND DUKE AI.EXII AND THE
XORHEKS.
Nothing could better llluslrato the
Imbecility to which tho Now York peo
pie are reduced, in vlpw of Ijio visit of
tho Grand Duke, than tho'aiinntihcemout
that the "Russian style of dress Is to be
Adopted there this winter, and bonnets,
dresses, cloaks, aud veils are to be trlth
mid wllli all sorts and kinds of furs."
Then there Is the "Aloxls neektle,"n
large bow of satin or velvet, with point,
ed ends, trimmed with narrow fringe of
rur, and all that sort or a thing.
The uoodledom aud toadyisms of tho
wealthy New Vorkors Is very great.
A TEMPERANCE CANDIDATE
FOR PRESIDENT.
Gratz ilrown has written a letter to
the editor of the Fayette irtnner,(Dem.)
Iu which he says he has swore off
drinking, and that he was Iu th hands
or his friends for a nomination for Presi
dent. The Governor Is therefor will
lug' to become th teetotal abstinence
candidate fur tho Presidency. Eleventh
hour conversions are not always the
best. But we trurt Ills Excsllency will
have graco enough to hold fast to pledges
so candidly made.
RRONCII1TI8.
This Is an Irritation or inflammation
or the bronchial tubes, which carry th
ntr we breathe Into the lungs. It arises
rrom a cold ssttled Iu the throar, from
Catarrh extending to these parts, Irom
scrofulous affections, aud from sovero
use of (ho voice. The Irritation
rrom this latter cause commences in the
larynx and glotit, which are the organs
or the volce.and, oxtendlngdownwards,
products hoarsen;, coughing, and
spitting mucous matter, sometimes
mixed with blood. It is chiefly danger
ous from iter tendency to spread into the
lungs, aud terminate In consumption.
It is iu the curo'of severe and obstinate
cases of this disease that Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery has achieved
unparalleled success, and won the loud
est praise from all who have used It. It
Is sold by all respectable druggists.
C81
A Rlble na h Christmufi Present.
If you want a family Blbls, go to J.
N. Menifee's, ills book depository Is nt
Pbtkk Nohman's Store, in Oregon,
Mo.
You may buy of an Agenl, but you
can gel a botler llible for half tho money
by patronizing tho Colporteu for this
county. This Bible was recommended
In the Stalo S. School Convention as
beet adapted for Bible students aud
8uudny Sellout workers. It has every
thing In it tlint ought1 to be In a Bible
the paper, binding nnd type is the beat
in use.
Parents should p'roenl thelr children
with a copy of this Dlblo. It 1 the best
counselor on leaving the paronlt.l roof
Young married (oiks should start with
it.
A case of books of beautiful Chrlstniat
rossnlt will bs In depository In due
.time. 2211
THE NEW SHRT ROUTE
TO STJljOUIS.
Twe Threngh Trata Dally.
THE NORTH MISSOURI RAIL
ROAD.
The Richmond rnuta tn fit. T.nnU I.
from forty-seven to eix'fy-fuur milts, the
anurieu, ami irom mree uu a quarior
to six hours the quickest route from St.
Joseph to St. Lonls, aud Is the osly
rente having no change of cart.
The United States Malls and the Uni
ted States Express go over this Hue
because It Is the shortest, quickest land
.i. i..
ma oiuy una uuuer one management,
to St. Louis. 'J'Ukuts by this Hue can
bo hail olilv al Hi Nnrlli Mlamnt-l 11.11.
road ticket ofllce, south-east corner of
mini aim rraucii streets, opposite the
i-aciuo uoiei, bt, Jeseph.
L. M. DUNN, Ticket Agent.
Nevi'epniicr Prophecy Abeml Hoars
The Si. Louie lUpnbllctu, after close
ly Reviewing the markets, thinks that
hogs will bring a higher price iu Decern
bor than they havo In November. We
wall to see I
Hon., R. T. VaoIIdra, of the Kansas
City Journal is nominated by the Sed
lla Timet as tho next Republican Gov
ernor of Missouri.
The steamer, Andy Johnson, sunk
auore llunulbal, Missouri, last Thur
day. Yalue $40,000 uo uiuraucs.
Th Unit Plrtarlal A ......I
JtOlUtUr'a ITlllt.il fltlt. llmnmi. 1n
.......u yt OI ,UI
uxmuuuuu, fttiu, mroiignout Hie United States,
m. -I, wvniiiii couairiei or me tvculerii lltml
pliere, will be imldblitd about the tint of January,
In the KnclUh. llurmui. Vrnh, v..u..i..
Wl'Ittl, Swullill. llollanil. Tlnhimil.ii. B......l.l'.
lniiuuge, wua w Islt touncler.tund tlio true
DlllIo.OllIlT of lieilth uhnnlil ,.1, .1...
valuable, aufrgcttiona It contains. In mltlltlon to tn
uiuirauie luemcai ireaiuc on ine caue, (irerrn
tlon and CUr nt a arnt vnrlvlv 1.
bract a large amount of Information Interfiling; to
uy imTcnaut, me inecnanie, tno mlnrr, tbe farm
er, tbonlanter. and the iirofvu.lAni.1 man
calculations liaye H(en made for such meridians
.m uuiuues a are mon eiiiuuuie for; correct and
toiiirwtniive matiosal u.LiNDAn
The i nature, nets, and extraordinary sanltar
effect.
tonip ami alteratlva ofjnore lliaa bulf thu Chrlitl in
world, are full set forth In its uagee. wh ih .52
iiosieiier otomacft Hitters, the sta plj
a so iiHerirsed with pictorial Illustrations. Valni!
-.-.w esY I'VI aSJtJU Willi IMVUiriSll IIIUBirHlIOnd. VsUllft-
atiiofH':
Ing .natter, original .nd"lecM."
Bmlth
stamp
ii hi. """U'rociireoneiu Ids neighborhood, Ti
Jlltters are sold in every o ty, town and vllltlrs
or THE ST. JOSEPH
Medical Institute
WILL NEXT VISIT
OREGON, MO.,
Thursday, December 14, 1871.
And Ihe first Thursday of each month
following.
The Doctor will be found al the
Whsro he will bo pleated to meet and
consult with those aflllcted with
CIinONIO DISEASES.
Consultation UVeo
A'EIV JlDVliTMEMEJVTS.
"Unquratlflnnbly the heat nnlalne4 work
urthe kiwi In tbe World."
Harper's JIfagaziiic.
Kottcet 0 tt rrtn,
There are few Intelllftnt American famlllM In
which IUiti-tu'e UAOAil.ia would not b an ap
preciated and highly welcome guest. Thtro Is no
monthly Magaila an Intelllgeat reading rmlh
onn les afford to be without. Many Magazines are
atcmnulated. ItAiiran's Is milted. There la not
n magazine that la printed which shows mora In
telligent pains expended on Its articles and mech
anical execution. There Is not a cheaper magazine
published. There Is not, confeMcdlr, a more pop
ularmagailne In the world, New England ilomi
triad.
A repository ofblogmpliy and hlalory.llteralnre,
science, nnd art, tintqualed by any other Ameri
can publication. The rulumcs arc as raluable
as a mere work or reference as any nyrlopiedla we
can place In our llbrartVs. lUnrau's Maiiazimk Is
ii record ot trare) errry where since the hour of Its
establishment. Llrlngstono and Gordon Citmming
In Africa, Strain among the Amies and lloss
llrowno Iu the. East, Hpcke on thu Mle and Alan
gregor on tbe Jordon Indeed, nil recent trarellera
ofliotv havo seen their most Important dlncorerlca
reproduced In thesu pagee. JIust of our younger
und many of our older writers llnd here their liter
ary biography. Our artists see thu bsst evidences
of their genius and tin most enduring specimens of
their work tu the Magazine. N. Y. i'fanifari.
It la one of thpvbndcra of lournallam thu edit.
orlat nunngcmenl oflUiU'Kn'e. TA Nation, N,l'.
8UB80EIPTION8.--1872.
Terms t
lUiirm's MAOazink, one year .....l 00
An txlra Con of cither tha Maoazimk. WaritLT.
or 1Ia7.au will be supplied oralis for every Club of
riva Hi'HSCHinaus, nt uu each, In ons remit
tttnc.C'i or, Six Copltt for 20 00. without extra oopy.
Subscriptions to llAHrun's Maoazink, Whkly,
nnd llAZAn, to ono uddress for ops year, 10 00 1
or, two of Harper's l'erlodlcala, to one address for
one year, 7 00.
Hack numbers can be supplied any time.
A Complete Het of Harper's Mngnztne, now com
prising 4.1 Volumes, ill neat cloth clothing, will be
sent by express, freight at expense ofpurchascr.far
I. LI..I. ..l II
I'c .wi.iiiiv. u.iiy.. vi.uff... ujr iiinn, jp,,-
pald, 1,00. Cloth cases, for binding, to cents, by
man, postpaid.
jne postage on iiAnrKirs magazine is 21 cents B
year,
which must ua uiiii at ins tuoirnixr's post-
ofllce,
Address.
llAltl'Klt A UllOTlilSllS, Kcw York.
A Complete I'lrtorlnl History of tho
Tlnica."
'The beat, elirnpent null moat aurceasfitl
Fmnlly Pupcr In the Un (on."
Harper's Weekly.
SfLKNOItlLY ir,I.UflTRATED.
Hollcei of Ihi Veil
Tho Model Newspaper of our country. Complete
In all thedeliartmentsof nn American Famllv l'u.
per, llAiii'xit'a Wkkkly has earned for Itself a right
to its tine, "A.UOUHNAI, or civilization." .v.!
Evthltia Poit.
The best nubllcatlon of Its class In America, and
so fur adend of all other weekly Journals as not tn
iiuriuit in uny uonipumou ueiweeii it ami uny o
their number. Its columns contain the. flne.t ool.
lections or reading-matter that are prlntid. Its
Illustrations itro numerous and beautiful, being fur
nished by the chief artltts of the conutry. Jioifon
Travetltr,
ItARi'xn'a Wixxlt Is the be.t nnd most li.terest
Ing illustriillng newspaper. Nor does its value de
pend on Its Illustrations tilonr. Its readidg-mattcr
is oi a nigu orcier ot literary mem varieu, in
structive, entertaining, and unexceptionable.-JV.
SUBSCRIPTIONS -1872.
Terms!
IlAlirsit'i) WaaKi.r. one year tt 00
An Kztra Copy of either the Magazine, Weekly,
or fl.uorwlll be supplied grali$ for .evtry.club o
riTi-nuuscriners nt at iweucn, in one remittance!
or air. copies fur S.'O ou, without extra copy,
Subsrrlptlo'.s tn llarper't Majixlne, Wetklu and
uavrn-, mi oim nimreAa nir one yeari or, two oi nar
per' i Periodical-), .tu one address for one year, 7
llacit Numbers can he annulled at nnv llina.
ihe Annual Volumes of llarper't Weekly, In neat
tit-Hi uiiiuuiK, nm ue .em uj express, irecoi er
primes for 4? 00 each. A complete set, comprlslni
tylten Vclumti, sent nn receipt of cash at the rate
ul si 2j per vol., rrvlght nt expense of purchaser.
The po.ti.go on llarper't Weekly Is 20 cents a year,
which juust ue imiu at tuv auDscrioer's posioiuce,
Addre.i UAltl'KU A DltOTllliltS,
illlfuovJl Now York.
"A lleio.ltory of Fnahlon, l'leaaiirc, nnd
IIISlriMUOB."
Harper's Bazar.
h'ollctt of the Prm,
It la rpallr th. nnlv UliuL.ttwl r.hwtnlM.r nt faah.
Ion In the countrr. (ts suDbleaoentsalone are worth
the aubsdriptlon price of the paier. While fully
maintaining lis position aa a lulrrorof fashion, it
also contains stories, poems, brilliant essays, be
sides general and personal gosalp.Jiilm Saturday
There never was any paper published that node
lixhted thu heart of woman. Never mind If it itot-i
cost you a new bonnet) It will save, you ten times
tbe price In tho household economy It teaches .Pro-
v.u.ncr ..puma.
The ynung lady who buys a single number ol
IlAHrau ilAZAB Is made a subscriber for life N,
J'. Kvtnina I'oit.
Thu IIazab Is excellent. Like all the periodicals
which the Harpers publish, It Is almost Ideally well
rotten, aim tno ciaas oi rcaucrs lor wnom it is .n
tended the mothers and daurhtera In avoraia fain.
Hies ean not but uroilt bv Its sood sensn and aootl
taste, which, we have no doubt, are to-day making
very many noraes nappiar man wcy may nave ueen
before the women began taking lessons In personal
and household and social management from this
goou-naiureiimenior.j Avaiisn. jn. x
SUBSOBIPTIONS-lBra.
Terms t
JIAnraa's Oaxab, one year, 09
An Extra flour of either the MAnAzma. WaaxLT
or IIazah will be supplied profit for every club of
riTvouuscriuers at i unescn, in one reruuiaucei
or ou.vopiea ior wai ou, wnnoui extra copy.
Subscriptions to llAarxn's Mauazihk. Waam.T
uu iv unp auurip. lur uuo jv.r. ,v.uu
or. two ef Harper's Periodicals, to one address for
Hack numbers can be annulled at sot time
The four volumes of lU.iraii'e IIaxah, for the
years jww, 'un. jo, 7i, elegantly oowm n green
roorrocco cloth, will bo sent by excess, freight
The Hostage ou llAri&'i'it'a ItACAn la 20 eta. a vear.
Which must uo paid at the subscriber's post plUce,
Auuress iiaiirx.itAiiituAiir.il, nc,w zora
Zll(
Wtitll Ul
TwcItc Years -ssi WiltLIniiaiis sL PlaiDs.
The most uanular book of iffn v.ar. fl.i. .i
One arent lu.t r.nnrt. aim umm I.. u..t'
Among the orders recently received, are ten for 100
ion muiurzwi eacu, anu one
our li nage circular anl poster with JO beautiful
iriUrttratlona. It.irethpr wl
I'UKE to uny person dee
terms, Ac, will be sent
Ing Information with a
r. A. uiiTcniNnnv
riw ia laiiiug un agency
ii(Miui,iio, lent
ot xroxi
SURGICAL JJjpTRUMENTS
IN
NOKTIUVKhT
Riisseviu.
OEO. Rf. TEAI.E d, CO.
a
Liberal discount to th
22 m3
B&rga
IN FURNITURE I
--AT-
BseioUex e&c Bliiwoir,
Itetall Dealers In
Tstblesi, Ctaslre, rBrnl tH pt
Ore-pen. Hnlr Pnunle iui...i
w.v iiiiosoeiii,
Lounges, 5hu!r.( "So?, Ao.. o"1"""
B..i.t -,l.rt Bi-.H
DR. OLIVER CROOK
Dr. CROOK'S WINE of TAR.
1 0 Years
OP A
x'irijjt.10 TEST
lias proved
DOCTOR OHOOK7S
WINE
or
TAB
To havo more morll
tl.fiii itny alrullar iircinrntlo otTercU.
DIl. CItOOK'8 WINK OF TAlt
lias proved ItselMn thousand cases capable
of curing all diseases of the
Tbroat nnd Liing.
nn. cnnnK'fi wixk or taii
Cures all chronlo Coughs, and Congha
and Colds, m ire elfirtually
nan any ouier remcuy
nn. ninoK'a wi.vk or taii
lias cured cases of consnmpltol.
pronounced Incurable by physicians
j
on. ciiook's wine or tau
lias cured so many cites of Asthma
anu iironcnius inai it nas
been prononcetl a spicinjo for all complaints
UK. CItOOK'8 WI.VE OF TAlt
ltemovcs pain In llrra.t. Hide or Hack
Cures urate! and Kinney
Dlieaacf
Sbuulil be taken for all diseases of the
Urinary Organs,
lilt. CltOOK'8 WISH Oe TAlt.
t'ossessrs Vegetable Ingredients which
make It tbe best'loulo Iu the markit,
Dlt. CUOOK'fl WINIlOr TAlt
Cures Jauudlca, or any Liver Complaint,
nn. citnrtK's wink me taii
Makes Delicate Females; nlio nTc
never levling well, blruiig and llealtliy
Dlt. CltOOK'S WINK Or' TAlt
Has restored many persons who. how
ueen unauie to woi k ior years.
Die. CftODlv'S WIS'K OF TAlt
Should be taken If your Stomach Is out of order.
DIl.
CROOK'S WINE OF TAU
bhould be taken If you feel weak
or debilitated.
nn. i:unmrs mk ni Tin i.
Itapldly restores exhamtcd slreugtli!.
Dlt. CIIOOK'S WIN! OK TAlt
lteotoica the Appetite and Strength'
ens thu btomucli
Dlt. CltOOK'S WINE OF TAlt
Causes the food tn digest, removing
r'yspcpsiu mm indigestion.
Dlt. CUOOK'fl WISH OF TAlt
Uhes tone unit energy tu Debilitated Consti
tution
DIl. CKOOK'S WINK Of TAII
All recovering from imv Illness will
nun mis me nest iiinic tney can late
Dlt. CItOOK'3 WINK OFTAU
Will preunt Mulnrlol.s Fevers, nnd
uraccs up inu system
Dlt. CltOOK'S WINK OV 'TAlt
Uhuiildbe. taken to strengthen and
f buildiipjourKy.leiii,
a wine!
Dlt. CltOOly
F TAII
Should bl kept In every Inline, and Its
Hfe-glvlngTonlo properties tried by all.
Purify Vour BIooil
Doctor Oroolc'g
CoBipouiuI Hyrup of
Poke Root
Wherstei Poke Eoot grows, It has
a local repittntlon as a Itlood iTirlflcr,
and fr thecuroof lthsumatlsm. With
-II Ikl. 1V.-.1 II
,.iihi.iiuii. uii uie
praise of distinguished FhysIciaDS,
eV,iLtf.' K,,Dt WfUon M.
Hunt, UriUths.Copelaud and others.)
who have tested Its medical powers i I
Ithnaliern ntift,.riNl I.. h. Ae.'
slon at larre as inueh through a want.
Yvi i;piyrroiiioii or us merits.
as a knowledge of the proper way tos
prepare It bar medicinal nan. ir.'
Oliver Crotft. t nav.iii.n -i,,. ,i.-1
votes his eulre time to tho duties "of i
.1.. uiuicr.iii uiMa.iuiiy seSMa tfte
active msdfclnal qualitlsa of p0kef
ltoot durlnj the last 2S years, and.
u,i.ir.,,-..iiM7 I'runoonce it to navel
UOHB USUli-for ill.eui.. ,l,..,..,ll.
on a depruvil condltloa of Ihe blood
the Mettrla Medlca. Undsr his In-
structlons otr chemist has' combined
the active mVllclnal iiualitlcs of Poke.
Itoot with Mil best Tonlo l'repnrattou
of Iron, and
to the publlriinder the above name,
iTvuuer uu. ireparaiiun
Dlt. CllOOKtS SY11UP OF POIfK imni
uit. ol,ruiiii, scroniioiis Tumors,
Ucrotalous diseases of the Eyes!
or Scrofula Iu any form;
DIl. CIIOOKttSYItUPOFrOKE ROOT.
i, i WM "heumatlsm,
Pains In Limbs, lloues, io.
Dn, CIIOOK'S bYItUPOF POKE ItOOT.
1 1 ..Cures all. diseases
urpeniiing on a denrareit
I.UIIUIHUU ui tub UIOOll
Dlt, C'llOOIC'a flYltOP OF POKE HOOT.
uuima up constitutions
uroseuuuwuuy ii.scase,(
or from Mercurial or Mineral Poisons,
ired by
tor Orook'a Syrup of PjRoot
(MJVFrfSSEItf iVJiWTED
for "Otir.Owa Fliesldn."
Aa illustratpjIPaner' in II il IT II tlSllillal.A.a Sr..l.
ly. Buucrli.tlon nrlii.- aV:n T. Kv.il'
recslvM
i.Biiaiori

T
5f W 1IeJrt' 9M 8ore" 0s, Ulcers. Any Tils
4s of Eruption of the Skin,' long stantling i ill'
Sile.,?on.,',l.U!,,.er'. Hyi'MllJ inanyfofm, or any
Iv teM"41 h 11 PellIy aid efrecmif-
u. u..h o v vr oermonor anteia iiv t,.i..,..i...:
vaiuauie Lnroino. a irrnii iiu. ,i.t., i.t v'.- icuuire rooni i.ib j-..:L
urn WsV Address ""l'i uu fr rtpvlartty) Ura. ,W rni'i t iZZ, ZS.'T.
fcySudlfli In AmMsM It humni Ihtobtk JWfiSm
VER 7 JoJyQ J1QBJVT3?
Mii'lno.fitrett, 8t Lost, Me, t
Having over twehly-.1V Wat' eXjierleje ;la Ike
Hints, and owning' siwvco In'evejr-J.t -ls
ewsiiapers, we' are )repaml to IWirrt atartise-
nl. Ar nAl.n... nf filvllnrM mm In K.Oett lUCeTMlt
papers at tbe lowest retrt.nOrresrs, .a,tie
Agency rrort any part of lite World will be irWifly
end ialtliAilly excenttil, flend fer eirealateWtttJai
ing lists auu raiee,
tl" Frazeo McCortnle, tol Adverlel?
plete tiles or this paper for the dally tSJumlnaUoo of
drertlscrs, and am antnorlted to contrast fer M
vertlscments for Uf at Our lowest rate.
AND-
BJCifawoiirx Jtfcivor
RAILROAD.
The neoplo of Kelt county should take nStlpft
that the
BURLINGTON ROUTE
TO T111C
East 8c North Eat
Is now their leading line to ChlrnreJand all tha
vast conntry lying East and West of that tlty.
Tbe trains on the Kansas City, St. Joseph A
Council muffs Itallroad going North make close
and rsgular connections at
HAMBUR&
with the trains of the Ilurllnglori Route'.
The trains of the Ilurllugton Itouts. connect al
AlblB, with tbe CENT11AL It It. or Iowa, for
St. Paul and All Tolals Ir IHIbhcssU,
At Barllucton with the
D. R. M. U. tt., for All Foists Nerlh,
At Peorlis, with the Short Ltnee So
Indianapolis, Loulsrlllfl, CluclBBatl,,etc.
And at Chicago with all Trunk Unas.
KJ-Tho splendid, eqtilpmsnt. of Day Coaches,
VULLMJUY PALACE C?ffir J V
l'ULLAIlAJVDimWG CARS,'
Makes this the favorite line, and all parties boti'ad
Hunt and North will study their luterrst by taklnif
this Itoute. C. K. I'.IIKIN8, Uen. Hnpt.,
A, lit U'OtiZALIN, Uen. Vase. Agent!,
martljl llurllogtnn, Iowa
R. R. RADWAY'S REAlDY
RELIEF..
CUni-STHi: WOKSTl'AINS
arter rtiyKlr?I?fletl
UADWAT'8 ItEADnELlEFII A. CUUK l"01t
It was the Oral anil Is
Tlio Ji.ly Ijiin
Remedy
iL'fi l"!"1"1' f"l,c n"t exmiclatlng pains, al
J r '""umetloua, and cures Congestlcnis, whSlh
er or the Lungs, tHomach, Itowcls, or other glands
or nrvniti. i. nn. .....iu n.. ".v. si"w
or organs, by one i
JN r HUM ONE TO TWENTY MINUTES..
miKi' irv'in u"ll'M, !T "Vriiclallng Ihe palh the
J.. J i 1 A1," 1"'-rl'l'Wi,lullriii, Cr piiled, Nexv
Jifler B r ,'0,,''"t,l with iflsraeenuiy
BADWAY'S HEADY BELtEff
INFLAMMATION OF 1 HE KIDNEY'
INFLAMMATION OFTIIK 1
I NFL A MM ATION t)F V I1K 1IOWELK.
A.rr()" instant kahk.
I1LADDKU.
I 'flVlJ-'CTIllk' e il irrtit es a we.....
80IIKT1IMOAT.1IIKKIC lILTJill
nvsTEn.cs, cSHffi!l,!llto
111
..cniiy iiffiicrnilh II. in. jv few ilronsTn
oVSt .r11'!;rll?'!'',,,,"1!hm'MlV'- Pain, fron, cliang.
n:rE!t AND AGUE.
Fever and Ague cured fur flflr cnt. Thera U
not it remedial ugent In lids world that wl euro
s.V,y,'"1r,un4 ''"."l ""''r1' "lurbms, 1 Ilou,
Itellef. Fitly rtpt.r l,ttler
HEALTH IBEAUTV!
SAHSAPAR1LLIAN RESOLVEST
Hat Made Ihe ifoK AttunUhlit Cu'rtt I to oe i 1
mry aJJn. i 1 Flsk aid
Height Is Seen and Felt.
THEGHEATJBl.OOUJPUKIricu,
Kvery.dropofthe Sarsaparllllan lb-solvcnt
munlcates through tbe lUood. b"iat lrbi
rr.7i
res,lng .uciredi' In armuV llS"imuSKK
be'alty te.'Vhli.SSSS
dCece.
Kestlng Jter7a.S5KSLS? Jl'T
weigni Increasing. u-nii
nly iiOiUlve
Kidney A Bladdm. rAM..-
thm.U 9ft BuiZftlVSS V
ft PERFECT PURGATIVE nno
Nervous
tlYeneas.
seaies, HeidacR
.mentSor the Internal I vi.!iL,T,nd
Ions Feve:
all Derant
raiueii io
contalnln
drum.
a positive cure, pureiyvi.i..,il"
mercury, MteraTO'JJ
i ir ?.,5,l!?L,t smptom resultln.
O- Obsei
from'Dlsord
l!..n.ilnRii,ii i:,"'.V'.e.'i"eran'i
IlearYbYru
jheHtomacb.PrErootatloBflliffl
Ing at the I'M of the flinm.A "mklng or futter.
i. Ti7..a' ;2u i lies, rni n... en..
m rrom all thVaty V'
lADACIIE. TOOTIlX?.',-E 'NFLUENZA.
N'KIIItAI.tf 1 iriri'iTuia-iLVt
D A t'.'YlF1 'ilvViS )'"",'A
TiiHiiAu-Al o1., M'.li...1 OI.1C, WIMI I5
s iiu uu r. I r.U.I. FAINS
'I rave I'm m iwtl.i.i aV.iaiV V
uuiiiv ill Kin
FREE SB KSL.T W
iuJr.t,'Wj. to. Jan.; 'TsWieJ'liSil
r i n m v -i u v i nninfl.
VJJoovStI r
f. A