Pi
J?OR "SAKE.
"T? HAI.K-TbeclosingwleoC tho Gowdey,
JL1- -pro ;crty. tiiTt place to-uay -at """rr,
the
ground.
T-ittOHl r- rmiipA 11AXEBY. WITH
Jb, U. tho .necessary appurte-naoqe, at 295 Sooth
vnerrytreu r w lwiircuwirj nrrj w v. o.
Berg. National Hotel, 83 .fcortb. Summer, street.
octt tf
rtOX'S "TTNEYABD AND FRUIT- TAKM.
Puhu-ka", Tenn. Grape Vine and Fruit
Tree ror sale: urajio vines a special tv. Large
hock uiiu ijuautv. i, uoiesa.e or retail cueap.
POUND.
tin Fair Ground pn the 8th
J. Inst- a Pocket-book, containing some money
the owner can recover bv ldentiryingrropcr
tyand pajlnc charges."-CaU on SflKies
Llle, Edgcfleld. octUSt
WANTS.
L
T TrAXTEI-i.To sell 10 lot for 31,000. 100
T.T ."lots attuune rates. Call nt No. Iljf North
TTfJLATEB TO HIKE, A SWISS OB GElt-To-TOan
Laborer at the' Protestant Orphan
Asylnm 2jf mile? on Uie Franklin Pike. oclO ?t
mo MERCHANTS AND BUSINESS MEN.
X A gentleman of ripe experience In Dry
Goodk Tiotlons, .and Fancy Furnishing Goods,
having-a larsm aconatntanwr nf M rears as a
bnSiiwwj'tniin at Nashville, wlshe employment,
in ot roe aoore oepanmenu, or any ouier
iKjjHion oi nonor anu trust; direct leueni m n.
1, 42 Hummer street. oc83t
rXION AND AMERICAN
.TKXNESEEj;oisATURE.
.HXSXTE.
Tuesday, Oct- 10. Tlio Senate met at
10 aJ jr.. Speaker Vaughn in tbe clulr.
TheToUowing bills were introduced and
ead a first time:
By Air. IWi? Td'amehTTUie" law in r.v
latiou to .the, apprenticing of colored chil
dren. ByIr.' GiKsduf To give a lien ou tres
passing slock..
By Mr. Windlo: To amend, sections 1,2,
C, 4-aiid 5 oftbe'ilsury laws, passed Teh.,
5,3670.'
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr.' 'Warren "oilered the following:
Whereat, the ieoj)le of the. Stale of Ten
nessee hare been and are .still burdened
with onerous taxes,-. tdeviedctorep!cnish a
bankrupt treasury, resulting from the effects
of Jfe late unhappy war, and subsequent,-cxtrafctgaut-
legislation; and,- whereas the
liabilities of the State have been largely de-.
creased,bv the'salc'of the' StateVTnterest,
t v t .1 r -.1 i T..,1 I ,il
will contiime'to decrease by the sale of said
roads; therefore, be it
Resolved by,ui7rGcrieraT!ssembTy of the
State of Teuiiessee, that it tisihe sense
of this General As$embly-that: thff taxes
should be materially reduced, below the
preacnt-basU, as fixed by law, aud that the
Committee of Finance, Ways and Means,
are hereby directed to look to a mate rial jo
duction of tlw same, in. providing revequo,
for the State. Lies qer.
TtES0LVTI0X8 tTING OYHrt.
SSbatc resolution calling upon the Comp
troller for information iu regard to notes of
the Bank of Tennessee issued after M3y 0,
180JB,Hvingbeen paid for taxes, was adopt
ed. Senate-resolution endorsing the course of
JudsTrigg, was adopted.
EKNATE.OTIXS O-V THIRD READING.
To, fix the. hour of trials in Justices'
Court!. "Passed.
Tp amend the law relating to divorces.
Passed.
1 FILED CIAIM3.
MKMcConnell introduced a resoiutiori
to autiiorize the Secretary of State to xe--ttun
claims tiled under the act of Feb. 11,
1808. m t
Mr. Mcomieil'mJfed'ia l.uspensldivt'of
tlie rules iu: order to take up the resolution
at once, and the motion liaving been 'carried,
he explained tliat he introduced this meas
ure at tin- request of the Secretary himself.
He (Mr. McComiell) supposed all the Sen
ators were acquainted with the history of
the case and of these daimi,. Ilehad made
application for the i-Iatms belonging to his
Qv n counjaand the Secretary requested
tliat tlte .Phibly should pass a resolution
authoriziiighim to send those claims
to the counties where they
belonged, for Ihe present law
only authorized him to deliver them to
those who called for them.
After a short discussion the resolution
was'ailopted.
rrnc JtAiLRO.vD coMjn&siosEis.s.
The House resolution expressing confi
dence in the Railroad Commissioners was
adopted.
UOl SE1HLL3 OX FIR.-T READING.
Tlie following House bills, were read the
first time and passed:
To'repeal an act for the relief of pen--sioiigw.

To abolish the office of Couuty Judge in
Decatur county.
To reiwali mueh 'if the act relating to
the prutection and preservation of fish and
g-.imf iu certain counties, as related to 3Iau
ry iKiinty.
To amend section -39J of tlie Code, so
as to give dower to widows in land held in
remainder-
Tarneud scctio of the Code.
To amend tlie act for the preservation of
came in the counHe3 of Rutherford and
Kajettc"..
illU UiAUbLIIATION.
The Binate'took a recess of twenty mln
utes'aiid on re-assembling, marched to the
Hall of the House of Representatives to as
si:t in the inauguration .of. CoVj-Brown.
After ,tlie conclusion of the ceremony
tliey returned to the Senate Chamber and
'yuJjohrned till tomorrow at 10 A. M.
UOrSE 111' REPUESEVTATIVEN.
Tuesiay, Oct. 10. The House was
called to order at 10 o'clock by Speaker
Ricliardon.
fcYMFATIIY FOIt THE CHICAGO SUFFERERS.
Mr. Freeman introduced a resolution ex
pressing sympathy for the Chicago house-
f 'i i i i r
Hi and homeless, and providing for an ap- j
propnation of i,m, to be included in tho 1
i n, i,tii 7 :,t
general appropriation bill. Jatd over.
Mr. Enloe introduced a joint resolution
expressing sympathy for Chicago in distress,
and calling on all churches, cliaritable insti
tutions, and all otlicr bodies, to .extend ma
terial aid to the unfortunate sufferers, and in
structing the Doorkeepers to wait upon,
members of the General Assembly and so
licit subscriptions. Adopted uuder a sus
pension of the rules.
NEW IlILLb AND REH1LI HONS.
By Mr. Lumpkin: A bill to provide for
the sale of Lmils' to satisfy mortgage debts
payable iii sums wliich mature at different
dates.
By Mr. Bleven: A bill authorizing ccr-
tal'i parties to heep a dam across Holstou
River.
ltyMr. Doss: A bill to entitle citizens of
IuKal bcouuty to sell lands belonging to
t'iu DeKalb County Meclianical and Agri
cijfrural Association.
i: Mr. Lumpkin: A bill to provide for
ihf iale of pal estate uuder bills filed to
reach equitable interests of judgment debt
ors, etc
By Mr. Parker: A bill to prohibit debtors
ot itiunty academies trom holding the office
of tntsteeinsucli'acauemlep.
KBI-OUT 01" THE JirAILKOAD' X"OMJII-5lOX-
E1S.
Tin
lie .CiniiiU'sioners of jdehncpiem .raibj
slmado their appearance, nd Submit-
..r.i
roads
ted their report as to tlw condition of these
roads. OiiinWHdH SOO eopieywereruered Harrison, Van Hurcii, Adams. Monroe,
printed for Ihf u of the House. i aud Madison were soon reached, the in-
inauoi; mvTioN-ti'K oov. mtowNr H ten eniitg blocks from the river to Dearborn
In accordance with theformallyarranged street ou the east, being consumed. Three
programme, both Ikm1s .-f the Ou'-ral As- quarters ofa mil" of bri-k blocks were con
scmbly met in the hail "t th Houw a- vur.e 1 at if bv mas.
IJS',0, tocoiiduet the iuaiiguratioii ceremo- jiUSnw4H j,'e Ignorant or the Fire
niesql4Geraor-4ecCBrpxni. TiUSnnday xoon.
.....J'l::- It' being Sundiy morning the pro-
for tlie music furnished al the uiaugur.it ion
was unanimously adtqrtcdJ"
Adjourned until 10 a. m. twnorrow.
t JJncoln County Ahead!
The bale nf cotton raised byfMr, W.'JJ.
Qugg, of Cyniston, Lincoln county, and
shlpped.to.tho great Exposition'jniGhicmi;
natl by Messrs. S. B. Spurlock'.K Co.; 3f
this city, won Uie first premium. -This
speaks well tor old .Lincoln, she hiving won
both tho first and second premiums.
Alieady tfc prophets are predicting a cold
winter.", i
H'l f-yAl-if YCE"nmna'iq
i:ivV s
1.
TIIEIRlfS BRE.VK 01TT AFlESffi
J$4ur -s-rtrtte2 -mr
IcarH8te Fiends at'WbrKu.
Tto IuccnUiarles Huns
Two Sliof.
and
.500 Persons Burned Alive
Losses Estimated at Three Hun
dred Millions.
Fearful Scenes of Distress.
AFTKKXOVX DISPATCHES.
the Wortli Side All
SCoMdny
Chicago, Oct. 10. The fire continued
tolmrri all last night on the North Side.tmt
tills morning is under control, it is liter
ally true to say, tliattherc. is notbirur re
maining of that sfde from the river north to
Lincoln Park on the north, aud from the
norm Drancn oi the river on the west to the
Lake on the east This portion of the city,
exceptalong tlie main river where there
"were bus mess blocks, was occupied bv
dwelling aud two-thirds of the population
Is German and Scandinavian.
fhese arc now homeless, and there are
some iu the frame buildings on the north
west section and others ou the prairies
without.shelter.
Throughout tlie day yesterdav renewal
offiresontheTTest Side was looked Jbr,
and a chanse of five decrees in the direction
of the wind at any time would have led to
that result, lheie would have literally
beonnorcfuce for an v. Every ono had
Jheir clothing packed, ready to start for the
prairie at any moment, SOiits'.Uoa averted
this last possible addition to our disaster.
f Bain.
AtMUidown Ibe wind lulled and at three
o'clock tlds monung the; rain so fervently
prayed for come. It did not rain long, but
theroofs of houses and the cround have
been wet so that now it is possible to have
tires to coot food for the multitude. A
meeting of citizens was lield in the First
Coiisregational Church, West Washimrton
street, which was continued throughout the
night. Measures' will be" concerted to pro
tect what property is left, and provide for
tlie homeless.
Messrs. lticharde Charles Cralns of tho
Xortliwcsteru-iaiiufacturing .Company,
eontrive"d a plan, which-Js. being put into
execution, for providing water' In casfrof a
lire-breaking out any time. The .machine
ry of the other works is being used'for that
purpose, The engines and boilers are used for
pumping water trom the river. Fifteen
hundred citizens were' sworn in last nicht
as extra police force, and the Sectretary of
War authorized Gen. Sheridan to employ
all available troops for guard and to issue one
hundred thousand rations.
Incarnate Fiend- Cnucht Firing?
Houses.
Five hundred soldiers are on duty this
precaution was necessary, for as remarkable
as.it may seem, there were fiends who still
sought to extend the disaster. Two men
caugnt in the act of firing houses on the
west side were, seized and immediately
hung to lamp posts, one on 12th street near
the river and the other three miles away
on Claiborne Avenue on the north side.
This summary action has checked the
tliievcs and murderers tills mornin.
Fire Engines from Other Cities.
Tho arrival of' -firemen and '--en-
gines lrom JuiiwauKec, t. Louis
and other cities has apparently re
stored confidence. The Cincinnati train
arrived this morning with four engines,
.three from that city and one from Dayton.
They were seventeen hours on the way,
having to cliange route twice. They finally
came via Piqua and Logansport. There
was an inexpressible pleasure in seeins
these experienced men go right to
.work in a business "way, where work
was' most needed. They are playinc on
coal piles to save whatever of fuel is 'possi
ble ami preventing the spread of name. The
vast plain is. covered with' people wandering,
but seeing the evidences of a tvcalth that
has completely vanished in flame and smoke.
EHbrlf to Keiime ButiIue Tlie .News
paper.
A few business men witli some nerve are
seeking houses for business in West Side.
Rooms that rented last week for-$00, now
readily command S5,000, there are not
many of these, but enough to afford
nucleus tor business. Hie -newspapers
will be started again in a few days or weeks.
Hon. Joseph jledill of the 2-(di(iic, who Is
one of the heaviest sufferers, succeeded yes
terday in leasing a brick btulding on Wash
ington btrect at the tunnel. He also pur
cliased two single cylinder presses used in a
job office on West Side, and lias tclegraplied
East for paper and type, there being nothing
left here. Mr. Story of the Times will erect
a rough one-story building and begin tlie
issue of a paper as soon as material can be
procured. Hie journut is provided lor on
the west side. Thel'osf, liepxiblicnn and I and papers of the Historical Society, indud
Staats Zeilunff will also arrange for bus!- Ing the famous emancipation proclamation
ness as soon as practicable, but everything
must come from elsewhere there is noth
ing left to form the business. Water for
drinking and household use is procured from
tlie Lake and parks, and for bouses from
the river. There are a thousand 'people
c imped about the artesian well, four miles
out, and perliaps as many more at Lake
Vicor and on Fullerton avenue near Prairie.
Tlie jcople are being fed hi the reiuaining
churches, schooHiouses," In sheds and by the
roadsides.
It was cold and chilly this morning, caus
ing great suffering, but it is now clearing
up again, but instead of tliis being welcome,
tlie oeople are praying for more rain, so
fearful are they of continuation of the fire.
This' is the situation this morning. Further
information will be sent as rapidly as re
ceived. Meanwhile we give a report of the
fire and its incidents, specially prepared for
the associated press by those Vlio'witnessed
and fought the flames" tiiroughout:
Jetall of .the Origin and Progre4 of
the Conflagration.
Lalfi Sunday evenin? a iov wnt into a
stable on De Kovcn street, near the river,
on West Side, to milk a cow, carrying with
i ni.i
over by the cow and tlie burning fluid scat- I
tered among the straw. This was the be
ginning of tlKrgreat fire. Ci
A single extinguisher on the ground, or
adhc work of tbe jkJ'icc in tearing down
one or two shanties, -woidd have prevented
the spreading of the flames,- but '"the 'en
gines were waited for, and vfhen tliey arrived
the) firemen, stupined- by their exer
tions at the fire on Saturday night, worked
slow 1 aud clumsily. Their efforts were
unavailable. The wind from, the South
west, blew a gale, and .rapidly the flames
shot from house to house, and from board
yard to board-yard, until tho district burned
before night was reached.
Meanwhile the flames crossed the river
north of Twelfth street ou the South Side,
and made for a brick and stone business
block, railroad freight depots and manufac
turing establishments. The ;full .extent
of danger Was realized for the first time.
The fire department, already tired out,
worked like heroes. The Mayor and his
city goi eminent," that' 'had supinely rested,
now began to exert tnemseives, out the op-
nortinntv luid leen lost, llie lime When 1
"thorough organization could have blown up
builduigsor prepared ior uie emergency, i
wai iiei'lertod: it was now a fisht for life, i
The ind blowing a stiff gale, took posses-
siou of the flames, and'beauilful buildings i
I
Chicago's glory lav before them.
employees were at home!
utterly unconscious of whatwastrannlriim
Tlwse who saw the flames supposed it was
1 the flames of Saturday night's lire, and hav
ing confidence in.thc Fire Department were
unconcerned, but between eleven and
twelve p'clocka rumor got abroad tliat the
fire was in the business portion of thi eit v
j Then'the people commenced ruuning.Horses
yr5re brpughtinlo requisition to take the pro
prietors ami outers 10 me connagration.
Whatra Scene meet their gaze. The Board
of Trade, -Courthouse, Western Union
.Telegraph and associated press offices
linil hiindrMta ofnthpr bnfldtnir vtorn all
name the air was filled with live coals
whiclvwere hurled to the north and east a
besomof destruction. ire enanes -were
yihTwp,rtes8 for savimr. all that, men -could do.
-was. to mow up Duuoings, nut this availed
buflittle, tThe Ttmcs, Tribune, Tost,
publican, Journal and other newspaper
offices, the Western Xews Company, Black
field Eeitec's -establishment the Drake
block recently built and Fatwell Co.'s, all
were soon in ashes.
MeltiBB Bricks Wooden Pavements.
It seemed that no sooner had tlie names
struck a wall than it went directly through,
aud a very few minutes sufficed to destroy
the most elaborately built structure. Tlie
walls melted and the very bricks were con
sumed. The wooden pavements took fire,
mamng a continuous sheet ot name two
miles long by a mile wide. Xo human be
inR could possibly survive many minutes.
Block after" block fell, and the red hot coals
shot higher and higher and farther and
farther, until theJNorth Side Lake South
was a vast sueet ot names irom river to
lake. At one time so hemmed were the
people it was expected thousands must per
ish. The Sherman, Tremont and other
hotels were emptied of their guests, and a
remarkable sight presented itself in hurry
ing througli'with trunks, or sack, or bag
on their shoulders fleeing amid the flames
for their lives. Those who coidd made for
the remaining bridges others got next to
the lake shore and so to the south.
Tae Defence of the Tribune Building.
Oneblock In all the vast business section re
mained at daylight, the IVioune block.
The Customhouse and Tlonorc block in
Dearbon street had burned, and those who
had fought the flames here thought at last
that this block could be saved. A parcel of
men under Samuel Medill swept off the hot
coals and put out the flames on the side
walks, and another lot of men under
tho direction of Hon. Joseph Medill
watched the roofs. At half past seven
o'clock litis appeared safe, and 'most men
went to get rest or food. A number went
to sleep in the Tribune building, but there
was a change of wind, tlie flames reached
Wabash avenue, State street and Micliigan
avenue and down, McVicker's Theatre
caught fire, in a few moments the Tri
bune, was in Haines; at the last mo
ment tlie sleeping men were aroused and
rescued from the flames. By 10 o'clock
forenoon this remaining block was in ashes.
Thonsandtt of Flying Kcruffee.
Xow was to be seen-the most remarkable.
sight ever beheld in this or any country.
There were from fifty to seventy-five thous
and men, women and children fleeing by
every available street and alley to
the southward and westward, at
tempting to savo clotliing and their
lives. Every available vehicle was brought
into requisition, for the use of which enor
mous prices were paid, and the streets and
sidewalks presented a terrible sight; thou
sands of persons and horses inextricably
commhigled; poor people, all colors and
shades and every nationality, from Europe,
China and Alnca, mad witn excite
ment, struggled with each other to get
away. Hundreds were trampled under
foot. Men and women -were loaded with
bundles and their household goods, to whose
skirts were clinging tender infants, half
dressed and bare-footed, all seeking a place
of safety. Hours afterwards these might
lave been seen in vacant lots or on the
streets far out in the suburbs, stretched in
the dust.
These are the suffering, these are the
lambs whom Christ now tcalls on the rich
world to feed and clothe. God help them
if the heart of man shall prove obdurate.
Saddening Scene.
One of the most pitiful sights was that of
a middle-aged woman on State street,Ioaded
with bundles, struggling -through the crowd,
singing the. goose jnelodies,
"Chlckery, chlckery, Craney Crow,
I went to the well to wash my toe," etc.
There were hundreds of others likewise
distracted, and many rendered desperate
by whisky or beer which, from the excess
of thirst and in the absence of water, they
drank in great quantities, and spread them
selves hi every direction and were a terror
to all they met.
SOO Persons Burned Alive.
It is fearful to think of the
loss of life. It is conjectured, and with
good cause tliat near 500 persons have been
burned to death. We saw four men enter
a burning building, and in a moment tliey
were overwhelmed by a falling wall. There
was a crowd of men round the corner of
the building, trying to save their "property,
I when the wall, yielding, somo of them were
1 buried beneath iu
These were on the south side. On
the north side twelve or fifteen men,
women and cluldren rushed into tlie buil
dings of tlie Historical Society, a fire proof
building for safety; in a few minutes tlie
flames burst up and they were burned to
death. Among them is the venerable Col.
Sam Stone, long connected with the society.
Ho was eighty years of age. Al John B.
Gerard and wife, Mademoiselle DePelgrave
a noted teacher of music, perished. It
is feared that Dr. Frear mid
family also were burned, as they
were in the building and have not been seen
since. Mrs. Edsall, whose husband was
murdered last week, suflermg from illness,
was carried away for protection to a build
ing wliich was afterwards consumed, and it
is feared she also ierished. All the books
ot President Lincoln, for which the bociety
paid $2.",000 were destroyed. It is feared that
large numbers of children, inmates of
tlie Catholic Orphan Society on State street,
also burned as many of them are missing.
On Chicago avenue a father rushed up
stairs to carry three children away when he
was overtaken by the flame and perished
with them. The mother was afterwards
seen on the street on the IJortwest Side a
raving maniac
In the same neighborhood a family of five
persons perished. The list of such fatali
ties is very long and can only be fully veri
fied after the smoke fcliall have cleared
away. There are hundreds of families on
that side who saved no clothing, but barely
their lives. Among these is the family of
Perry Smith, formerly President of the
Northwestern Railroad Company.
iMtcr Three IXnndrcd Millions Con.
named.
A careful survey of the insurances to-day
shows that there were written on tlie pro
property destroyed over two hundred mil
lion dollars; add anotlter hundred million to
this sum and a fair estimate can be reached
of the loss. All the leading merchants have
been -seen to express their determination to
resume business at once this Includes
heavy houses. John V. Farwcll, Field,
Leiter Co., bprague, Warner Co.,
Harwell Co., and Field Co.. saved
exchange and tliree hundred thousand to
half a million dollars iu goods. Both firms
have already established headquarters on
the west side.
Field, Lighter fc Co. have just issued
the following circular:
To Our Patrons: We liave sacd all
our books and papers, and have opened
an office at Xo. CO Calumet avenue.
We trust yon fully appreciate our
situation, and all who are indebted
to us will make immediate payment. We
shall never cease to thank you for past ac
tion. In a short time we expect to be re
organized and ready for business soon.
Field, L Co.
Chicago to be ltebuilt Fenrs of I'll
loge.
Chicaoo, Oct. 10 The Evening Jour
nal and the Tribune hope to publish small
sheets to-morrow.
At a meeting of the business men to-day
a smnt was mamrestpil tn nt nn cnt r
work to rebuild the city and restore busi-
ness. A special meeting of the legislature
is to be held tn nmviito innnn fiir iUinn
business men and provide employment for
the poor.

ureai iears are entertained that the des
perate distress of so many M ill create squads
of pillagers, and that life will not be safe.
To relieve these, Gen. Sheridan is telegraph
ing for more troops, andsjiecial police forces
are being organized Vy citizens. The only
effectual remedy is to find employment for
the thousands who would" work if they
could.
Tlie Telegraph.
The temporary office of the Western
Union Telegraph Company is thronged by
thousands anxious to advise friends, and ope
rators are busy every moment, but as
the number of wires available are few, and
the fires in the country threaten these, Gen.
Stager lias directed that private messages
and Associated Press dispatches shall first
go. The general press report wil 1 cover
eyerthing, as no pains or expense is being
spared to render this reliable and nerfect.
Arrailgements have been made by the pbst-ii
office authorities, under-the direction of
Col. Wood,for winding and" receiving ahtH'
Three Vr JLoailt ofCoolceU Irt)YlIon.
PiTTSBuao, Oct, 10. Twenty thousand
dollairroribe' citizens'" subscription for th
Chicago sufferers JfcfcYWtre at 3 o'clock
'to-day by the. Adams Express;, also three
'car loadsof cooked provisions from ihir
""J -f, J J V.UC11"
mitten
Proclamation from Grats Brawn.
St.. tDbtnSr OcL? lO-i-Gor. Brown'
has1 issued aproclamation in relation to the
terrible calamity) at Chicago, in which he
says such a disaster grieves the hearts of
our citizens to proiounusympathylctus
unite likewise in the most general emula
tion and extend the largest possible aid to
them in this their hour of
misfortune. f therefore recommend
all dtiesynowns" arid charitable
associations, and the 'community at large,' to
take immediate steps to organize relief, and
respond promptly to,thc.deep sorrow wliich
Missouri" feels' at this overwhelming afflic
tion. Lotus respond by tlirewing wide
open our own doors to those who arc with
out shelter, by sending bread and raiment
at once, and by such contributions as -the
generous heart of our great State will be
proud to transmit in. recognition of tho
warm and intiinate fccling.thatlias hereto
fore so closely bound our citizens together.
I cannot forbear to extend to all who
have boen.thus stricken down in the midst
of an unbounded prosperity, the sincerest
sympathy of Missouri's sons anil daughters
in their distress.
3:10 p. in. The Fl re Breaks out Afresh
on the South Side! "Demons at Work!
Chicago, Oct. 10, 3:10 p. m. A later
word is just brought tliat a fierce-fire is rag
ing on Thirty-first street.. This, street is i
miles South of the Southern fire limit on
the South side, and little less than tliat from
the liiniton the West side. This has been
set fire for the purpose evidently of destroy
ing the remaining part of the city, largely
occupied by wealthy residents. It is known
that two men, caught in tlie act of
firing buildings, have been shot, and two
others were led off with ropos around their
necks. As'thowindis blowing a perfect
gale, the end now cannot be foretold. Fur
ther hews will be forwarded as soon as re
ceived. The Fire Still Raging on tbe North
Nide.
St. Louis, Oct. ID. Private and special
dispatches from Chicago say that the fire is
still raging in the northern part of the city.
There was a heavy rain last night but of
short duration. The weather is cold to
day. Crowds arc roaming 'through the
streets, making turbulent demonstrations,
taking possession of wliat they choose, en
tering bouses and alarming the inmates.
There are but few military, but ceinpa
nies of troops are being hurried up from
various points.
There is an abundance of food, but a
great deal is being wasted from a lack of
system in its distribution or persons to take
charge of it. Large quantities arc dumped
from cars along the track, and hundreds of
barrels of flonr'with the heads kicked out.
Only cooked food should be sent at present,
bread, crackers, meat, etc.
The Excitement In Now Tork- Threat
ened Suspension of Insurance Com
panies. New York, Oct. 10. The excitement j
hi this city in relative to the Chicago calam
ity is in nowise abated this morning. All the
people who are going to work shops arly
were anxious readers of the morning
papers, wliich are full of accounts of the
disaster, and all of wliich contain maps of
the doomed city. 'Crowds of business men
were at the. hotels until a late hour last
night to obtain the latest details; many
were iu trepidation fearing they were joint
sufferers with their mercantile correspond
ents in the ruined city. It is thought that
much of business to-day will be entirely
suspended. Many insurance companies
will doubtless be compelled to suspend for a
short time in order to ascertain their liabili
ties; every one in the community feels a
deep sorrow for the sufferers, and the re
sponse to the mayor's proclamation for
help will be spontaneous, aud of a liber
ality worthy of this city.
Fears or a Panic in Wall Street.
The effect upon Wall street was tremend
ous. Tlie excitement conld scarcely liave
been less intense than that exhibited in tho
doomed city itself. Remarks were made
publicly that the event was the signal for
the bursting of one of the most awfid
bubbles tlie world had known, and that a
panic was perhaps imminent. Jay Cooke
A: Co., thought it the most terrible calamity
tliat had ever happened this country with the
exception of the war. The heaviest houses
are doing everything possible to prevent a
panic by excited, exaggerated accounts. The
leading bankers think it should be tlie first
duty to help Chicago to make her losses as
light as possible. All tho papers editorially
ask that succor be at once furnished to the
disastrous city. The movement in this di
rection to-day became general. The news
papers speaking of the devastation predict
that the enterprising people of Chicago will
rise above their disasters, soon rebuild their
city, and in the end cannot but recover
from their losses. Crosby, the proprietor
of the Opera House of Chicago, was In the
city last night, surrounded by sympathising
friends. Though showing no exterior signs
of distress, yet it was apparent his mind was
weighed down by tlie heavy load.
Later. Many failures arc reported in
Wall street, although the excited state of the
market has somewhat subsided. Tlie panic
which seemed to threaten has readied its
highllood, and many dealers indulge a hope
that the worst results have been reached.
Xews that the fire in Chicago liai been
checked, created a feeling of cheerfulness,
the excitement apparentlyquieting down.
At a meeting of the Gemiania, Hanover,
Xiagara and Republican Insurance Compa
nies, and the Underwriter's Agency of New
York, to-day, preparations were made to
pay immediately upon adjustment all losses
incurred iu Chicago, after doing wliich the
capital of all the companies will remain un
impaired. The police of tho twenty-sixth precinct
raised this morning three hundred dollars
and purchased one hundred and fifty bar
rels of pilot bread, which was forwarded on
the Erie Railroad to Chicago before 10 A.
H.
The combined Parepa Rosa and German
Opera Troupes give an entertainment at tlie
Academy of Music on Saturday next for
the benefit of the sufferers.
The Hartford Iusnrauee Men.
Hartford, Conn., Oct. 11. The fire in
surance cpmpauies have not yet estimated
their losses, but doubtless the aggregate will
be several millions. Tho officers ot oil tho
leading companies vigorously assert their
determination to pay every dollar as rapidly
as possible. They liave already begun
their arrangements to that effect.
The life insurance companies liave loaned
upon real estate in Chicago, aud as the land
secures' the debt, no loss is apprehended.
Baltimore XewKpapers Open Sub
scriptions.
Baltimore, Oct. 9. The Mayor has
called a meeting at noon to-morrow for the
relief of the Chicago sufferers. Subscrip
tions W"ere opened to-day by some of the
newspapers. Fulton forwarded to Chicago
?l,O0Ouhscrjbedat,thel;)iericaH counter.
A large collection v ,ts taken up to-night in
Emanuel Church. Hundreds were unable
to get in.
TliAjUraiphmfifi fllvnTltBla all
v
Washington, Oct. 9 St. Andrew's
Sodety toriiight appropriated all the funds
in their treasury upwards of three hun
dred dollars for the relief of the Chicago
sufferers. -f, I
1,1st or "Unmailablc Letters in the
Xasht illo Post OHlce, Slonday, Oct.
1871.
Parties claiming these letters will call at
the stamp window. Those not daimed will
lie forwarded to the dead letter office, Wash
ington, D. C, Monday, Od. 10, 1871.
LETTERS 'DEPOSITED WITHOUT" BEING
STAMFED.
Rev. R. K. Brown, Edgefield, Tenn.;
John.Waze, city; R. C. McXairev, citv;
JohnJJuiidell, city; Mrs. Mattle A. Rucker,
city; Miss Eliza Carter, city; Miss 3Iarj-Gl-ay,-Fauklu
Tenn.; Miss Annie Wether;
Knoxville, Tenn.; Peter Armistead, Mem
phis, Tenng Mr: B. Browne,- Hopkinsville,"
Ky.; James McQuelee, Okalona, 3Iiss.; C'
H.Lowe,&Sons, Clevdand, Ohio; Chap-,
fell fc Leafy Baltimore.'Md.; J. W. Spran
gle, Jonesboro, Ala.
ILLEGALLY STAMPED.
Tom. Jerkine, Franklin, Tenn.; Albert
Kager Gallatin, Tenn.; Frank R. Morton,
Cincinnati, Ohio; Nellio Overton, Little
Tock, Ark.
MISDIRECTED.
David Gemu,-Xcathcn,Tenn.r Isabels.
Murray, Wyandotsy, county, TennA.- Out--lawt
OutlawyLaliding,-Teun.
JVm. F. Pkosser, Post Mister.
J The PennsjTvania'clerks -in 'Washington
are to have ten days come homo and
rote."
ROBERTSON COUVEY FAIR.
The Robertson Cou'atyTair opened yes
terday morning wUK-ry
weather, bugn&twitfcstenA'He the rife there
Was Quite a fair crowd in nttendfitiw.
Yestenlay was-tho 4$for sh6wiBglhe.
uauuinom ui uie lacics, and u anywing
had been heretofore wanting to prov?the
skill of ltobeitscin's fair womeiUa domestic
manufactures, ycsterda'y'a display would
have supplied it. The" display o farm and
garden produrts was also very 'flae"r proving
tho industry and care of the farmers,
a3 well as the lavishness of the" gifts of old
mohert'earth... Native, .wmesandyjquors
came in for their share of attention, and as
usual found many good judges. Owing to
the state of the .weather, Prof. Gunkle
failed to. make 'the haUobn'1 ascension that
hail beerradvertised.'
Tlie premiums awanjed .during tho day,
vKMfnllnin-
Dried apples, Mrs..Babb.
Dried peadies, V. J. King.
Green apples, J.,L. Yates.
Beets. G.-Y. Benton-
White wheat, spedal premium by Davis,
Connell Co., C. 31. Warfleld.
White corn, t L. Felts, of Simpson
county.
Stock corn, Robert Murrali, of Simpson
CIteSwheat,'J. wMringer)
Oats, John Stringer.
Turnips, Mrs. E. A. Fort.
Sweet potatoes'Mrs. J. HMaUory."
Cabbage, David Wells.
Onions, J. H. Gunn.
White beans, Mrs. Augusta Fuqua.-
Collection of vegetables, Mrs. "Nathan
itUSSell.r 1r .;MlimrtllHmitl
Meal, Jt. G. -Taylor: ,kr m
Flour, F. A. Barber Co.
iPumnJdns. W. JL Johnson? fiW
SWppIng Ieaf,tobacco,srjedafprcmium-by
C. CllBelTof-a pair of-Berksbinrpigs,-J.-L"T
Wrapper, spedal prciriium by Killibrew
Williamson, J.W. AdaraSj.
Inlj-MfsfrMfB, Taylor, f, Jk,
3ntferVMrs.3r."A.'Baird"
Corn bread, Mrs. Bubb.
Wheat bread, Mrs-EdiFort. k t
Cooked ham. Mrs. Ed. Fort.
Pound cakerMre.. Jolm'Stfingeft- f
Gold cakerMrs.-John Stringer.-"
auver cake, JUiss Uzzic Beard.
Display of cakes and bread, Rose Green.
Preserves, Mrs. Thomas Stringer.
Citron, Mrs. Thomas Stringer.
Sorgham molasses, E. J. Willis.
Cider, Wm. Solomon. i a,
Vinegar,'G. B. Randolph? w
Hard soap, Mrs. John Stringer.
Soft soap, Mrs. M. 3. Taylor.
Cherry wine, Jennie Pope.
Blackberry wine, Mrs. John Stringer.
Grape wine, Rose Green.
Fine jeans, Mrs. John Stringer.
Flannel, Mrs. H. H. Sugg. t
Lindsey, Mrs. Thomas Stringer.
Wool Blanket, Mrs. Thomas Stringer.
Coverlet, Mrs. Sarah Woodard.
Counterpane, Mrs. DrBurr.
Wool carpet, 3Irs. Ehomas Stringer.
Rag carpet, Mrs. Thomas Stringer.
Woolen hose, Mrs. Thomas Stringer.
Woolen half-hose, Mrs. Thomas Stringer.
Cotton half-hose, Mrs. Thomas Stringer.
Cpat.for manMis.r.JStringer.
Suit for boy, Mrs. W. R. Bringhurst.
Suit for boy, machine made: tMrs. T.
Stringer..
Infant's dress, Mrs. R. Bringhurst.
r aucy bonnet, Airs. J. w. ryie.
Split bonnet, Ellen Stark.
Hat for lady, Mrs. J. W. Pyla.
Cap for boy, Mrs. S. D. Ogburn.
Worsted embroidery, Miss Panne Kim
brough. Cotton embroidery, Miss Paniie Kim
broogh. Bead embroidery, Miss Lizzie Kirk.
Transfer work, Miss Parnie Kimbrough.
Crochet work, Miss Alice Campbell. 1
Braiding, Miss Lizzie KirkI
Toilet mats, Miss Parnie Kimbrough.
Silk or velvet quilt, T. B. Harrison.
Worsted quilt, Mary Ogburn.
Cotton patch quilt, Mrs. 31. E. Richard
son. Comfort, Mrs. H. II. Sugg.
Shirt, liand made,3Iiss Jeumo Stringer.
Chemise, Mrs. D. C. Hockersmith. -Underskirt,
Mrs. John Stringer.
Boquet, Miss Virginia Baird.
Display flowers, Mrs. Y. Baird.
Artificial flowers, Miss Pande Kimbrough.
Hair work, Miss Parnie Kimbrough.
Shell work, Mrs. Nathan Russell.
Feather work. Mis. W. R. Bringhurst.
Oil painting, Mrs. II. J. Ilildebrand.
Water color, Mrs. H. J. Hildebrand.
Pendl, Miss Parnie Kimbrough.
Premiums on whiskey not reported to
Secretary.
The lady taking the largest number of
premiums is entitled to an additional pre
mium. The excellent cherry wine furnished our
reporter by Miss Jennie Pope was' quite
cheering on such a diy.
The entries made bv Miss Parnie Kim
brough, eight in number, are deserving of
especial mention. Her specimen or hair
workelidted unqualified praise, as indeed
did all her entries. It was an exquisitely
wrought vinelet, with leaves and tendrils
perfect, and containing specimens of the hair
of each member of the Kimbrough family
and some friends. She look premiums on
the following articles: Hair- Work, pencil
ing, raised tapestry, zephyr wreath, toilet
mats, cotton embroidery, transfer work,
watch pocket of silk flower work, and one
complimentary premium for liandkerehief
case; an array of articles that could not have
been excelled by as many more picked ar
ticles from all present. Such a lady will
make a paradise of Iter home, aud deserves
a lordly husband.
Dr. ilamblin, of Davidson county, took a
premium on honey.
TENNESSEE NEWS.
The building of a new railroad depot has
been commenced at Pulaski.
The erection of an iron bridge across tho
Hokton at Knoxville is talked of.
The Rowena Mills, at Tullahoma, make
12,000 barrels of flour annually,
A strange and fatal disease has broken out
among the hogs in Wilson comity.
It is said that Tullahoma is growing, be
cause 17 houses are going up, and others' are
in contemplation.
There are one hundred and ninety pupils
In attendance at the present session of. tho
Deaf and Dumb Asylum at Knoxville.
A negro named Bob Rently has been
sentenced to be hanged at Columbia on the
16th of November next, for murdering; his"
wife.
Jefferson Davis has given up his resi
dence In Memphis, aud .removed fo Balti
more, where he proposes, to reside in the
future.
The brick work, on the new mammoth
hotel at McMinnvUle is completed, and the
house will be ready in a short time for the
public
J. G. Martin, Mark Moore and Buck Joy
ner have been appointed denuties to John
Clendenning, the newly elected Sheriff of
oumner county.
The two Pattons, father and son. who
murdered John A. Simpson and sou. hi
Franklin county, are now prisoners, and
chained together, in jail, at Rogersville.
r Christopher Golf- is the name of a man
who fell a few nights since from a. bridge
on the railroad between Decherd and Esfell
Springs, and was found dead next morning.
Active preparations are being made for
the construdion of the customhouse at
Knoxville. Nothing of the kind 1s being
done in behalf of the Nashville custom
house. The Columbia Herald says that Wm.
Black, the stranger arrested there on suspi
cion of being the murderer of Mrs. Hamblih,
of Dayidson county, was a suspidous look
ing individual, and acknowledged to having
been in the neighborhood of Madison Sta
tion. He has sinci been released
Of the railroad accident near Sweet
water, Monday, Oct. 2, the Athens Post
says: E. D. Collins, fireman, was caught
under the tender and crushed to death".
The express messenger, Tibbs, was slightly
injured tlie engineer escaped altogether.
Collins lived in Knoxville where he leaves a
family.
Daniel McPhall, of Williamson county,
is establishing the fact tliat animals can live
"without water. Some time in June last he
put in an endosure a number of hogs and
a small calf. Neither the hogs nor the calf
have had any water during tins entire period,
and yet, strange to say, they are all as fat
as moles, and are in an exceedingly thriving
condition.
Referring to the accident to Mr. Thomas
Faulkner, of that place, the McMinnvUle
New Era of the oth saysr When first
nicked 'UO no hODCS were entertained of hie
life, he was so rnangled; but we understand
tms morrung ne js uoing better, and his
physicians how- have strong hopes that he
W)u ultimately recover, .Fortunately no
bones were broken.
Tho Fair and IU lBcideat-HopkIns.
cnta A"aTBBta,rs aal Iraprore-
To the Editors of tha Union ai American:
Hopktnsytlle, Ky., Saturday Night,
Oct. 7, 1871. I arrived herebytheOo'dock
train yesterday cveniwr. and found Hop
klnsville, the urbanic f.ein of Southern Ken
tucky, and everythinsruiulTeverybody in a
rusli vehicles,- peopUv ,ild: and- young
everything, in fact, rushed by except the
dust, which was unceasiag, and disagreeably
successful in staying h ith uf. last night I
wenfc to
THE RINK.
whidi was graced with many beautiful la
dles and flooded with a largo number of
gentlemen, all of whom, in gay and gro
tesque confusion, enjoyed tlj sliding curves
pf well trained feet till ten o'dock, when
tlie skating ceased and ihe i1x)r was made
ready for
-V li.lU,
which being of an impr -mptu nature was
not as pleasant as tbe Kills usually are in
Hopkinsville, though ilia gentlemen in
diarge conducted it in a most commendable
manner, paying evcrv attention to strangers
and dispensing courtesies to visitors; yet the
imusic was something after the style of "The
Leaa aiarcii" or some other inanimate air.
The prompting was quite scientific, monot
oniously measured, while the figures were
old enough to need a crutch.
THE FAIR.
This morning I attended tlie Christian
County Fair, wlddi, certa'udy the best in
southern Kentucky, lias for the List fimr
days convened here a large number of per- i
fiOrtS from this nnrttirrm,nltnr. ..stunt Iac Tlw, 1
attendance has been nuitelarze every dav.
and to-day there were not less than six or
.seven thousand present. Tho ampldthea-
ter was linen wun loveliness and youth, the
brilliant n r..,i,ii, f
i tj..i
w siuwauu ueaiu). x.veryuouy was xiero,
janf the old folks were no longer at home,
Ibut at the fair, whidi was rendered doubly
attractive by the presence
of as lair ladies
as chivalry e'er worshiped, and the purest
blooded horses that knight e'er spurred. In
this resect the Hopkinsville Fair has kept H?3 a,9 10 ,J t y t,Mi stalcinent
pace with the grand exhibitions of former thc f Jwuy ,nt ere
years, and did credit to the able gentlemen be.I?ftcu "ules-of. incomplete. ,road
composlng the directory. People are here 1-"$ has been resumed at
from all tlie neighboring counties, "tlie blue GreenTlI1f anl1 u "HJ pushed rapidly
grass section" of Kentucky, and also from t0 of tIle Seville,
from several counties in Tennessee. Fine i Henderson and Nashville road. To fadli
horses have been brought a long distance, opeam- of the road to this import
and several rings liave been so closely con- f11 c?,nS hrse amount of rails is be
tested tliat the judges were sometimes puz- I 4tliere and 'rack-laying will
zled as to who was "the 3ucky man yet t be Passed eastward from that point until it
general satisfadion, I believe, was given, ec,,s 'j? track from Orecnville. rrtiluci,
and Jn nianv cases the disappoint-! AfI",'r't"L
mentof Ilif vaiinllilifl rnntcl.,1 T firoil.l
perliaps, say, through the gate on the "take
him out" list was lost in the discretion
and justice of the choice. Nothing in the
way of petty envy or low-bred jealousy
marred the peace and good will of the en-
tertalninent, .which has been pleasant to
visitors ami exhibitors. A,noticeabIe and
NOVEL FEATURE
was the man, Mr. r. II. O'Hara, who, light
ly trimmed, walked against time, a premium
of $15 being offered to him to walk three
miles within thirty minutes. Mr. O'Hara
accomplished his feat (a little feet sore) in
twenty-six. minutes and twenty-five sec
onds, coming out ahead of time, blowing,
puffing and perspiring. His serio-comic
movements caused no little merriment
among tlie assemblage, and as he
passed around the dusty track
much
Wit was showered upon him for while he
was moving around at a rapid gate a darky
tried his foot but Coiddn't keep time," and
finally broke into a run. which awkward
and ludicrous, ended amid the laughter of
tlie crowd. There were over two thousand
darkies here, packed into a separate part
tlie '"sunny side" of the amphitheatre, in
black profusion and all fragrant with diina
mou oil confusion. Not a few felt tho inspi
ration of jig-juice, and to the time of "de
fiddle aud de bones" supplied tlie want of
-punch and judy shows.
TnAT CIOAR.
Passing around the outer side of the am- j
pliitheatre I saw a person mudi resembling
a kind of toy known as a limber jack his j
likeness in movement aud the use of his
limbs was explained in the following solilo- j
quy: "Well, I have drank-hic-six glass- t
eyes-hlc of Bour-bo-n-hic, the same of
liobcr-t-son-hic, twelve of be-er and after i
all-thU darn'd old-hig-segar-has gone and
made me drunk.''
SCENES AND INCIDENTS.
Every one had a balloon, and one young
lady seeing another tie her card to a balloon
and "let it fly" up to the doudsorsome other j
atmospheric port, concluded to go and do I
likewise, but having let it fly too soon con-
soled herself with tlie .pleasant .anticipation
oi oeingauie togefcanotner "atliogKUUng

time;" anolddirkey indulged in some philo
sophic comment' as to the nature of the bal
loon, which she conduded was nothing but
the membranaceous pericarp so to speak
of the beef, dyed with polkberries. The
balloon man could not account for the col
lapse of his ballous whidi withered every
time two gentlemen toudied them with
their cane, in the end of whidi was con
cealed a pin that did its work in a surpris
ingly funncr way.
'"RAH FOR THE RAILROAD"
was heard to emanate from the vocal organs
of a "huge man from the ulterior;" lie im
mediately leu. the Fair with its many attrac
tive features and spurning tlie love-lit smile
of beauty the tender glance and
radiant beam of soul-subduing eyes, rushed
to the railroad track to sec the "kears." "Its
whtesUe? lie said, -"maduhim feel as though
his funny bone had bem struck agin a cor
ner post." But while I speak of some ludi
crous scenes, do nt tliink these were the
most conspicuous features, for such was hot
tlie case r there was x tidiness of elegance
and a dazzle of luxury attending thil fair
that could be surpassed nowhere. Ken
tucky, ever noted for its regal hospitality,
before whose generous wdcome princes aud
those of noble birth might well bow to learn
its politeness, had no cause to be ashamed
of the magnificent dinners and pleasant
hospitality of Cliristiau countv.
To J. F. Edmonds. Esq. and Mr. Willie
iloore I am indebted for a sumptuous din
ner; they will please accept my sincere
thanks and allow me wish of being allowed
the pleasant duty of redprocating such
kindness at no distant day
Ue cavulier amis pied a tcrre.
Much excitement and lively sympathy
seized the hearts of all when the horse of
Rube Bailey, Esq., while running at a fast
rate, in the hare back riders ring, was seen
to fall, throwing him with sucli terrible
force upon the ground as to render him in
sensible -for several minutes. For some
time it was thought he was killed, aud had
it not been for the promp taction of the man
agers and some of his friends, tlie fall might
have resulted most fatally. At last ac
counts he was doing well, though suffering
somewhat from -bruises.
IIOPKlNsVILLK
situated in the middle of Christian county,'
of whicll it Is the capital, fifteen and a half
miles from the Tennessee State line, is not
ed for its refined sodety and many beautiful
ladies. Here you feel, as if in a larger city,
fashion, wealth and intelligence, added to
social elegance and true, unbounded Ken
tucky hospitality, greet you everywhere and
give a welcome upon every occasions. Not
long since
A TORACCO MARKET
was inaugurated by Messrs. Abcrnathy
Cayce, who opened a commission house for
the sale and inspection of that staple pro
duct of Cliristian county. At present there
are four tobacco and commission Ware
houses one of wliich Is under the charge
of Co. During the List to
bacco season aliout six hundred hogheads
were sold.
PU11LIC SCHOOLS.
Hopkinsville lias two Female Colleges,
Baptist and Christian, situated in desirable
localities and enjoying a good patronage.
CHURCHES.
There are diurchcs here of the various
denominations, Uie most beautiful of which
is the Cliristian, of the Normo-Elizabethan
order of ardiitectute, built of brick with
stone foundation and caps.
THE BUSINESS HOUSES
as a general thing are substantlid and of
convenient size.
CTIK COURT ItOUSK
erected since the war"(tho old one liaving
been biunt dnrinc; Gen. Lvon's raid hi the
fall of W41. cost .-SS.j.OX'0. aiid is a handsome
edifice that would look well in a large dty.
Situated on a risingemineneC, from Its dome
a tine view is had of the city embedded in I
trees and the hills that loom up to the
north.
TITE PRIVATE RESIDENCES
are, many of them, well built and located
In lieautiful crounds. tastefully bid off with
iwalksstudded with shrubbery and flowers,
and Jtepiinncai. oruer.
THE DRIVES
are very fine in the im
mediate suburbs of tbe dty, well
(paved and smooth,- alongr whichas the
shadows; creep,, out to mantle: tbe jays, of
the sun, may basecn fashionable, vehldes"
laden with tlie youug.vaud drawn by fine
horses which are to be mctwUheverywhere
la Christian county.
AMUSEMENTS.
At present th only phce of amo-ment 1
Is the Skating Rink, which under the charge
of its popular pioprietor, Mr. Joseph Elliott,
is a.favorito place of resort of tlieyonthaud I
beauty of tho dty.
RAILIWAD FACILITIES.
Hopkinsville lias only one railroad the
Evansville, Henderson and Nashville,
by which she is placed in direct communica- I
tlon with .Nashville and the South, the rich.
coal mines of Hopkins and adjoining conn-'
ties, and also with iienderson and .vans
yifle, on the Ohio. There is no reason that
her dtizens sliould not avaU tlicmselves of
the coal almost at their doors,and make; her
a manufacturing place of considerable im
port. There is certainly some energy aud
enterprise in her community, which fa
evinced by the spirit of her citizens
in nr. I
ganizing a railroad company to build a road
to Memphis direct. Fifty thousand dollars
lias been snhscrilitil. nml T ifinin,l
preludes have been elected to commence the
1 .VI. VLOO-.i Dirndl...
w?rk l ,an earlv ,lat.e" Ek- 1 aosc 1 wouW
I """""j i5 jj i
uuiiw lutfuuuimura r.uis, jjecreiary oi
the Christian County Agricultural and Me
chanical Association, for his courtesy while
engaged in making up my report of the fair.
Malvern Lorraine.
Six tliousand tons of extra English rails j
neve oeen purcnaseu ior tlie r.uzabethtown
and Paducah railroad, and will be delivered
lu5.Irth V purchase of rails is
sufficient to finish the main track and sidings I
to Paducah, and It is thought, will secure i
the opening of the road the entire length by
in. mot..
me 1st oi dune, ncxt" torty ortheiunctv
1 two miles of tho madJieri from fiiwnHlln In
l -n i j
J Pauh are graded and ready fortlie iron,
and "Pa thfr "raa'ng fifty-two miles a
!A ,a;uulult 01 wor as een uone,
with a full force upon every section, and so
vigorously has the worK advanced in the
"It is the typ.) of eternal truth,says John
Ruskin, "that the soul's armor is never well
set to thy heart unless a woniaii' hand lias
braced it, and it is oidy when she braces
it loosely tliat the honor or manhood
fails."
The Warning has.been Heeded.
Since the eioiuro or the, attempt made by
certain unscrupulous local dealers, to palm off
their coarse astringent", niade front cheap and
Impure materiaL", iu the place of the great na
tional tonic, Uo-tettcr'a Sturaach Hitters, public
opinion has fct strongly against these empirics
and their preparations. Their occupation Is gune,
or.sooii will be. IVhen th light is let Into decep
tion it swn wilts itown. I'ersoai who trirte with
their own health, bv uslinf' nnknown nrw,ara-
I tifms. with no fiiarantPA in anefntn thum ul.n
an established fpecilic, proven bv tentv vear
eji-erience to 1 exactly what it Is claimed tq be,
ulthln their reach, are ...ire to repent their
temerity. Many haro done In this Instance,
but it It hojied that the truth plainly fpokeii lui.s
arrested the eril. In ths meantime the demand
for the leading protective and restorative inedi-'
cine of America was never so sreat as It lias been
this season. From the fever and ague districts
of the AVet, Southwestraiul South, it U literallv
orern helming, and it may be, said of tho advice f
from aU parts of the country of tho cores it I
effecting in dysiepsia, bilious complaints, and j
cluranic constipation,-that "their name is legion." j
Everywhere the sick and feeble s-eiu to have re- j
nlized the importance of "holding fast that i
which l good," and of arolding-what i spurious
and dangerous.
deoUw.twlt.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LEA PERRINS'
QAUlJ!!,
1-RosncsCKH BV coxsoisEr;E-.
"THE OXLY .UOOu'MAICjrV'
It improves the appetite and digestion, and It
lnnriraledforltsaavor..
s unrivaled for its Savor.
W e are directed by M-r. Ia IVrrfu t
.r,r.".c5. T

prosecuw all parties making or Tending counter-
ftitA
JOHN' JVSC.lS''srtiSsT
a.iglJ eoslCm splthp
Agent-, New York.
nw TVT AT?"RT A CVP
uw AYAk-rAttlAlrJ!.
ErfjH fir TTon usf Men on great SOCIAL
EV1I-S h.i,1 ARUSES, which Interfere with
.UAi;ui.VUl. and ruui the happiness of thou
ands with sure means of relict" for tlie Erring
and unl'oriunate, Di-v.ivd and Debilitated. Snt
in seaieil letter envelopes, fret of charge. Ad
dress HOWARD ASSOCIATION. No. 2 Mouth
Ninth street, Phibulelphli, I'a. sejiJ iIAh.Iiu sp
"IT SAVED MY LIFE.'
Words or a Reliable Druggist.
WHAT IS THE VALVE OF MONEY WHEN
COMPARED TO HEALTH.
ALLEN'S LUNG BALSAM
Is warranted to break up tbe iuot trouMei-ome -Cough
in an incredibly short time. There is no i
remedy that can 1hiw more evidence ot" real
merit man uus iialsaji for curing Coiuump-
f'
IT ACTS OX THE KIDNEYS,
ir .wis or this liver,
ny Whiclrroakea It more than a Cough Remedy.
7-Rcad the following trom a reliable Drug-
gitiui -jiiuugau. York.
MAr.ixE Citt, Mien., July IT, U'i: 1. X.
Harris .t Co Dear Sirs: Tlie Allen's Luug IJal
sam has arrived. I would not like to 1 without
it, tor it has sat ed my life I took a bad cold and
cough, and hnaUy Consumption was seated upu
me. 1 was in a very bad state. I tried evrry
thing that was recommended, and sj-enr a great
deal of money, and got no help. 1 had tbe Al
len's Lung Italsam for sale, but I knew nothing
of its merits. Ididnotlike to take it, without
knowing more about it. I had not wild a ln.ttle.
When yuur agent called on me I toid him I could
not sell a uiedlclue I knew nothing ntutlt. He
urged me to try it injrir. I did and to un
grateful urprie the first iNitlle stoprx-d my
cough, and liefnre the third lsittle was taken mv
lungs were healed and well, and I can now speak
knowingly to my friends and customers of the
qualities: of Allen's Lung TtaNam. I remain re
spectfully, L. C. COTTRKL.
It Ls harmle;s to the innet delicate el.iht. It 1
contains no Opium in anv form. j
It is sold by Medicine Dealon generally.
For sale bv
I5ERRY. DEMOVILLE CO.. Nashville.
EWIN. PENDLETON CO., Nashville.
LITTERElt A" UAIILER, XashvUle.
oc7 dUllmh23,";2J:wlamrp
COAL.
CHEAP COAL!
tl.n reach of the toor us ell as the rich.
We can furnNh a superior article and abund
ant supply.
OFFICE Corner Union and Cl.errv streets.
JyMtf MADISOXNTKATTOXA-t'O.
REAL ESTATE SALES.
r for .sr.E.
"RlOL'It HU-DRKD ACRES, .140 ACRES JN' f
X' cultivation, unucr goo, I ience; prnduivH
uneiy; gooo Dtiii.ungs: excellent iimuer, water, j
orchard, etc. llealthrlocatioii.rightoiiyiol.de
Ohio Railroad, one mile from Kenton Station,
TTAVt-JII 1"A k'VV A ST rVTl-!PT TV Till- i
H I i. TV,! J live anu la-ting, tor remak. tniw sunjrev.
Jl spacious Coal Mines of Kentucky, known ft juuul perioibT, suppression, and other irregn
ttmst. Rernard .Mine, on tl... Evansville and titv-, hl And U.islj.,edle..- invalusbie. It
Henderson I.aUnmd, and baling coi.l of the remove tl.r.Nitlow eomplex..... and restore it
V fI'r"'nV:,' its natural fairnessandpnritv; it givis. the I
Lptertson county, Teiiii., we an- determined to f i.fclHh to the la.le.lxl.eet. ail cans.
urnlsli -asimiie, L.lgeliel.l. an.l the surround- aunfdn.i.li.SeyetoirkIewUUJoy. It Is
ing country and towns so cheap as t put Are in t ,'J.'. ,.?.r.. irunvri t ki
Ohio Railroad, one mile lrom Kenton station, i;alBer, Cancer Sores, Dunions, Crw,"Car
in aibson county well adapted to farming and t bumle." It will draw ;i-tsjil t.. a In ad nuickcr
ste-'k raising. Terms, rea.-i.nable. lor further than any otbernpi.lieal.nii.
Iiartlculars, api.lr to or address
sepM 3m I. K. HARRIS, Kenton. Teuif.
OSOIOE
TYfE lfAVE FOR SALE ONE IMPKOVHI) i
YV Farm of one hundred and ninety acres, two
miles west of Spring Hill, iu Maury county, i
Land terv rich.
At-o, a Tract or 3)5 Acres of very line land, 7
miles south of Franklin, lit Williamson eontitv, j
2 miles from North Station, ou the N. &.D. R. It.
Terms very easv.
ARK INGTON. I" AUK Alt A WEAKLY,
It Agents, NO. 32 N. College sr.
EDUCATIONAL.
WILL OP-EX A BOARDING SCIIOOI FOKj,, t,r r Bud Keeiiflrr of Soar Mash
voting la-IIes in New York City ou Wednes-.f whuisy, at I.yuchbunr.Teuu.,
Sfc!rA i H on hand and for sale 100 BarreU of the b
v, ,urlnui Mibuu,. T,i ,u
J. B. O'BR
YAN EM..
Jyl33m
NashruU Tann. J
nelf-abn.00, Tlz. Sperma
torrhea, ScralnaqWeakneat,
Night Emission Lm ot
MelArv, I nirenial 'Lawf
tutle Palrw in the Back,
rVtmnesrof Vl!oin-JPrsJn? i
-tare Ol.lA?e;Wealr5rerTei,
DilKeiilr Breathing, Pale
(..oniii.iauice,In.anitr,Cnt
,TraniTtii "Snl.tina'tdaeat
tuiki itnioMr w a petjuence oi
rbutUCnl indiscretion.
7"T1iUme(Ue!TieliaU-eu ntd In oar prae
tlco for manv year., and wllb thousands treated,
it has not failed in n nUil.- instance,
CIiJ of vZ'at!- Cnre Is wrap-
coated Fill, and unokviaBfllled, with 3ledteatc4
Pqwders ouclcient to male one-luth pint of la
jcciiun.ajiuunea'miip.
SB?bTSSbtt?t orS EM SKlsw
""'JTPIPt M5-a
BBS
Tiie great Indian Dtoretie'
cnreM ahdteaseHof the,Urinary
Organs-, meh as -Incontinence
of lViuerInnammation of the
r Kidneys. Htoa la Jth Bladder,?
Strtcrfirev'tlraTel, trjororrhtBa,
ftleet, atulia.pecia)lr recozn-
nifudiMV.ln. ilttpci.uiiust ,lop.
"vVhUes.)
Vach pclage oCTegeU
btelU'medJ,ti'Krapped"hi dark
enamelled raper and printed In
gold lettcjSi.an'L coiUaU,ine
bottle fiUAiVwltU SasaPKnated
Plus, and one Tlal- filled with
Medicated. Puwden sstBcient
to make one pint of Injection,
and one syringe; enough to ears
any ordinary case.
Price, S3 rr package; -old by alt Druggists,
or?ent bTTnaH, 9SM.
The -VeKetaWe Care" and "Tetftabte Remedj"
are sold by rcponsible Dmggits everywhere.
SoraBTtealersrhwerer, tiyui1 gelt- cheaygnd-1
worthies.1 compoundiin place oLthte-Jn order,
to make-more money. Bcrnot doedTeiT' Ask for -thee
a5 preparations, and take no others. If the
iU-a!er i,not knoiitheni, euclo the niyney In a 4
letter and we.wlUsend.tliem by retarrCmali- f t
Ladies or gentlemen writing for treatment will
state their symptoms in full; they need not hou
tate on accoant of their Inability to visit nsja
we hare treated patients successfully In all poe
tiora of tho continent by .correspondence.
tV We dcslm njendonr thirty-two page pam
phlet, entitled "Man and Woman as InTalliV,"
joeTCryrreaderorthl 1SI- f'l ldreM,wlth -r
tamittoYayrenirnpoiagg, qd addrggs folj
ST. LOUIS MKDICAL .1.SSOCI.1TIOX,
117 North Sixth street, St. LoaL, Mo.
Sold in XahviUe at retail l.y O. "VY. IIEX
DERSHOT'f.and aU l)nirgists At .wholesals
by IJERRTTDEJIOVILLE- COJand 'aU
VhoieaIf DtuggUls.
JelS deolAeowJtwlam tlmh31,T2 to alt
Look to your Children
The Great Soothing Remedy.
MRS. 1 c 3o mj t-irfcr t
il M et. 4 taHOuuA xbf
FRICB c.
5.
mpc. I I pRirr
tilV. .j.t votm yurrfcwm. nytmmi irr
SVUUP jrn t.( ill (CllTS
It U thm rftt IoAaU' ut CWMiw'i Sotifx Ka!r.
ta in dloMn braxbtnby ttbinrr toy ur min.
rmttnl br a Urtftaa ICcdbta Csk, Su Lult, 3fw
Soil bT jyraXlX 1 DnWi la M edkla t7 whcrK
A BOOH XOR TIIEJ3ULX10NI
9 1 wtTT7 ma th phrtlalofleal
CUldfi It ryr1e and rereLiLUtai of
jrnr LncooaBacrxUa, Ar.
Tula I as. lAtertrtlnj wwk ot two ltvadrcd tvtotr
tomr t(rrt, witti tuntroDj ngnTiofs, aa4 rBtaUa
MiaformUo for Uum vb xt austrrid( reoatcmlM
s&niajn. Stiir.Hlt a bnak Xhnt Sfht t kepi Ul
Wt. boU kr, osT Bol UM canUaaly tbMt tk Win
Peat ta mnfnTm f posu &rr Fifty Cut.
Dr.CatU IiirpniaxT, 4,2,5. AUbt 64
Koticetp ths Afiicted &aiUnforbmt,
bil ptftrs, r bi( m; quck rBtdlcv fra Dr.
dlTaV KavntUttfI is liU worts. Ofi, X. U'A
iirgt, bt9tm Mmrkt l Cttwatiu-Hi. LobIj.M.
1 1 ly
CUNDURANGO
the. wosoxerri. ittMrur ror.
CAXCKIt. SY1MIII.IS. SCKOFl'lVA. til.
EUS AM) OlIIiat-CHKOMC
i Xytnrne.lfr.im EcilAiIoratadbi-uught wiUihim
i a qimnuiy- gai injB.-Cian f;u.lliltAM;o
I A UK, M.cured through the omcial recvmmeiv
it.it ion anda.v..t:tiiceor His Excellency the Ire-
illtllt lit IU&ilt.r. nnil tl, I vn,mpnt r,C 4K,.
KeputiJlPw4 are prepared fo Bti enters fur it i
ui H""t't extent, ami ara pricr atMutoue-iuar-
wr ui tutu wu.ri. uie coi oi ine nrc vrx stmu
-unu ijiu.irijci i,". ii curve.
AiijPa'RlpUsyartlrle is jaw, adrpttie.l..d
v t'li.HlnrjiOBOi tWc.baventornsklijrable
-lvu-r, ujui miii Mwcvuptsawnui luesuinor
ities of LoiJvHie nruvincs here tit bliut rnwii-
dirrcU-d tho ehuimel hr our snppiv h. to en-
nre that nomvbut tha OEJJblMJ AKTICLK
sl,aU.lvsoldbyu.i; and we partieularh call the
atb-miou "f the uulilia. for Ihelr protection, t
thi fat.
UU.ia.XEENll CO..
fin Cedar St.. New York
D. V. Rliss. 3t.I.,1Va.hingou, D. C; Z.E.
Rlis. M. D., New York; 1'. T. Kunx, M. D..
New York. wt eodet
i
3,ocritvvssjirrs,r?':i
twr.xt. C'iTi'fSa .-t
CkTM
with rrr-i j-ntr i r rnl i liuicsUl. ksu&f, emrM
IBrrJf-fVllM. MaM.XUP,-,1tlt-ri,
AVOID QTJACKS.
A VICTIM OF KARI.Y INDISCRETION,
causing nerxou-fleiilDry and premature de
cay, having tried in in every advertised rrmv
dy, lias discovered a viinph) mean of self-cure, m
A,Mre'JilI.llr"EVESl
wnicnewiiisenuiree;to nis lejW4unerer.Xi
js-Nassan'MTeet. He
ep25 eodSm
it r IJ er the Jlousekeeper of Ilea I Ih
TT mXTntJ rnr ttc
Liter, Mood Purifier and
"Fcnmlc Regulator.
ISA RE.MKDF8trXLL THE VArtlOUS
-ti. manifetatloi. of disease resulting from
Liver Compiah.r, nivl as IIUkhI J-uriller and
Corrector ot" Constipation of the Rowels, thi.
preparation t iwsltivel.i niK-nnahtl Ry It 'h
LIveran.lSt.imacharB' s.-elitv cltaitgnl to an
t active, healthy state, tho appetite regulatd and
restored, the "Mo.nl and seeretlou-s thorooghlv
rlR.1 fin, I unrii'ti.il Him nlml. .t.fpm reTUITUt-
ed and bnDt ujl anew; Its nrtHin is'tnlld yet po-1-
19
1-
wlU
t.
ro"T
thn
hlgh
NG'S EVIL. Fever and Aeue. Rlienmatl-m, Nenral-
gia, Heail-iclie.Ijsjieia.limplesiiiid Dlotchee,
ISeneral Debility, and in all impurity or taints o:
ine-liioou.
Dr. TlMirtm.'s Eugii-b Ktdne iletliciiie, or
Compound Fluid Extract "Burbn', .-ind "Prah
Dravo."' A iver failing reineiiy lo&lhn cnre of
(SILVVEL. Removal or M.me. iu the IlUtddcr. t
curt-sail Diw-cs of the KWney-; itxtrengthnw
the weak Imek and cures, all' tho-e pain. T!i
Engtwh "Iluohu" Is tK bnt mr ottered (vt sale
TrT utk and von will W o.uvince.1.
Iicllsli All-IIenliii"- Sulif Tbf
HrtucW otlVriil t.. the i.nbHc ,r the cure ot
im,. itmiv.. sni,u. vkiu. oi.i t....
t II. 5. THORTON. 51- D..T)n.Ioi..
SoldbvaU Driiggi-t".
G. V. linNDEIWHOTT, corner Obir au.l
Square. XadiMlle. Whoti-ate Ats-nr I. lb'
I- United States. ne eluKul
MISCELLANEOUS.
FOSTER'S
flay beliiMlnt nil tlte JtMik.tor I
tl- t'lt.v of Xis'hilllrt Htiil of
Jlie Author.
w. r. POSTER,
J. T. MOTLOW,
ltinanvy 01 ,uis su. nuvucuii iw
,,-1.;., .1. ..i,
cash.
auglSga
I im from)
ONE
ft