e,DUG AVION AL,.
TEACHERS’ institute.
Pursuant to notice about fifty teachers
(which number was increased by daih
accession to about seventy) assembled at
Liberty daring the first two wcehs of Oc
tober. The meeting was called to order
by Sup’t Maguire. The Institute was or
o-aniztd by the appointment of a Sec
retary, Assistant Secretary and Com
mitees, consisting of an Executive Com
mittee and Committees on Music, Finance,
Resolutions and Text Books.
Regular class exercises in Mathematical
and Political Geography, Written and In
telectual Arithmetic, English Grammar,
Civil Government, Orthography, Pen
manship, Reading, U. S. History, Physical
Geography, Algebra and Physiology were
conducted by experienced teachers, du
ring ihe Institute. Also several question s
relative to School Government and the
best manner of conducting recitations,
were fully discussed.
Several distinguished gentlemen fa
ror< d the Institute with their presence.
On Wednesday and Thursday of the first
week Mr. W. G. Smith of Union Grove,
gajrt tin* teachers valuable instruction in
Reeding and Elocution. On Thursday
evening Prof. A. O. Wright, State Geolo
gist, delivered a highly instructive and
interesting lecture on “The Secret of
Prussia’s Success.” He commenced lib
lecture by comparing the condition of
the leading nations of the present time
with their condition fifty years ago; tra
dug the growth of Prussia up to the pres
ent time, and showing what causes have
insured her success. The chief cause ot
her success, he said, was the education of
the masses. Not the education derived
from books only, but that education which
best fitted them to be good ci izens. He
proved conclusively that it the United
States wished to continue to occupy the
high position she now holds, she must
carefully watch over the education of her
people, not only in the mere discipline ol
the in telectual faculties, but also, the
more important work of educating the
moral principles, and thus fittino; men
the better for the performance of all their
duties as citizens of a great state. The
lecture abounded ihroughout with practi
cal suggestions to teachers.
Ex. Sup’t. Barnes visited the Institute
on Friday of the first week. While with
ns he gave the teachers many valuable
suggestions in regard to School Govern
ment and tlm best method of conducting
recitations; suggestions which have been
gleaned during his visits to schools the
previous summer. On the evening of the
same day he delivered an instructive ad
dress on The Mounds and Mound Build
ers or Wisconsin.” On Saturday one ol
the most prominent teachers of the county,
Mr V. V. Barnes, favored the Institut
with Ins valuable assistance. Ills manner
of conducting recitations was a model so
teachers and one by which they may
profit.
On Tuesday evening of the lust week
of the Institute Rev. II M. Simeons of
Kenosha delivered an interesting and in
structive lecture. The subject was Lan- j
guage.” He spoke of the relation which j
the different languages now spoken bear
to each other and traced them all back to
one common origin. The subject was
handled in an able and scholarly manner;
and showed deep research and careful
study on the part of the writer. On
Wednesday evening of the same week J.
V. Quarles Esq. delivered a highly in
structive address, which was the rignt
thing in the right place.
During the same evening the following
resolutions were adopted.
Resosved, That thanks are due Miss
Sarah Chapman, Miss Maggie Lyons,
Messrs, \V. E. Me Vicar, Merrill Fellows,
D. H. Fiett, M. B. Dodge, W. G. Spence,
Cephas Leach, G. F. .Jordon and James
Cavanaugh for the able manner in which
they have performed the work assigned
them.
Resolved, That we extend thanks to the
Committee on Music; also lecturers A. W.
Wright Rev. IT. M. Simmons, and J. V.
Quarles Esq. for their services.
j ßesolved, That our lieai tfelt thanks be
extended to the generous citizens of Lib
erty and vicinity, who have assisted us
in so many ways, and assure them that,
by the teacher,acts of kindnes w T ill ever be
remembered and while A T e pass through
our several scenes of labor some of the
brightest memories of the past will clus
ter around the associations of the Insti
tute of 1871.
W. G. Spence y
Carrie A. Burgess v Committee
Homer O, Leonard
Ihe Institute closed October the lltli
followed by an examination cf teachers
on the 12th and 13tli. The Institute
throughout has been both profitable and
pleasant; in short it has been a success
and none of those who have attended it,
can have failed to be profited thereby
and will go forth better prepared to per
form the duties and bear the responsi
bilities which devolve upon them as edu
cators of the rising generation.
Maggie Lyons Secretary.
D. H. Fiett Assistant Secretary.
The champion billiard cue of the State
Wisconsin, which was held by Harris
Liverman, of La Crosse, was in Chicago
at the time of the fire and was burned.
AN APPEAL fllA S'SHOULD BE
HEEDED
Bay, Oct. 13.
To the people of Wisconsin
The accounts of Hie appalling calamity
which has fallen upon the case and west
chores of Green Bay have not been ex
ag ©rated. The burned district comprises
the counties of Oconto, Brown, Door and
Kewaunee, and parts of Manitowoc and
Outagamie The great loss of life and
property has resulted from the whirlwind
of fire which swept over the country,
making the roads and av nues of escap<
impassable with fallen timber and burned
budges. The previous long drouth had
prepared everything for the flames. Til
loss of life has been very great. The first
estimates were entirely inadequate, and
even now it is feared that it is much
greater than present accounts place it. It
is known that at least one thousand per
eons have been either urned, drowned or
smothered. Of he.se deaths, six hundred
or more were at Peslitigo and adjacent
places, and the others in Door, Kewaunee
and Brown counties. Men are now pene
trating that alinsst.-inaecessible region for
the purpose of affording relief, and I fear
rtint their reports will increase this esti
mate. From the most reliable soursces of
in format ion I lean that not less than 3.000
men, women and children have been ren
dert-d entirely destitute Motheis are
left with fatherless children, fathers with
mahcrless children, children are left
homeless orphans. Distress and intense
seif ring are n every hand, where but a
tett days ago were coru'ort and happiness
Scores oi men, wome n and little children
now lie helpless. They are burned and
maimed, in temporary hospitals, cared
lor by more fortunate neighb rs. These
suff rmg people rnfist be supplied with
food, bending, cl thing, Iced for their
cattle, and the means of providing shelter
during the winter. The response by the
good people of Wise- nsin bus already
been prompt and generous, it is meet
iug the immediate need, and is being
faithfully and energetically distributed
titrough the relief organization at Green
Bay, but provision must be made for
months m the future. There are wanted
flour, salt, and eured meat; not cooked,
blankets, bedding, stoves, baled hay,
building materials, light?, farming imple
un nts and tools, boots, slu es and clothing
for men, women and children, log chains,
axes with handles, naiis, g.ass and house
trimmings, and, indeed, ev- rything need
ed by a farming community Unit has lost
everything.
To expediate the transfers at. Green
Bay ail boxes should have cardsattidled
to them, stating their contents, and all
.supplies should be sent to the Relief Com
mit tee at Green Bay. Money con ributed
saould not be converted into supplies, but
should be forwarded to the committee.
Depots have been established at Green
Bay, and t the management of a com
mittee of public spirited and energetic
men who have the confidence of ad, for
the receiving and dispa ching of supplies
They have organized a system ol sub de
pots contiguous to the burned regions, and
steamboats and wagons are being sent out
with supplies. Let us uphold their hands
in the good work, and see that, their de
pot-, be kept filled to overflowing. It is
fortunate that we live in a wealthy and
prosperous state, blessed with prosperity
in business and overflowing harvests, and
that thus we are, by a wise Providence,
endowed with the means to help our less
fortunate neighbors.
I am urged by public spirited citizens
of the state to call an immediate extra
session of the Legislature to provide for
this calamity. I have given serious at
tention to this suggestion, and have con
eluded not to do so, for the reason that
the expense of such a session would be
likely to equal the amount which tbe
state would be asked to contribute. Be
lieving, therefore, that the people and
the Legislature will endorse my action in
this emergency, I have, in conjunction
with the {State Treasurer decided to ad
vance such a moderate sum oi money as
seems to be appropriate in addition to
that contributed.
Luoious Fairchild,
Governor of the State of Wisconsin®

The Punishment op the Wheel.—
The punishment of the wheel which was
suppressed in 1790, was one of the most
frightful that can be immagined. The
criminal was extended on a Si. Andrews
cross. There were on it eight notches
cut, one below each arm, between the el
bow and wrist, another between each el
bow and the shoulders; one under each
thigh, and one under each leg. The exe
cutioner, armed with a heavy triangular
bar of iron,"gave a violent blow on each
of these eight places, and, of course,
broke the bone; and a ninth on the pit
of the stomach. The mangled victim
was now lifted from the cross and streach
ed on a small wheel, placed vertically at
one of the ends of the cross, Ids back on
the upper part of the wheel, his head
and feet hanging down. The sentence
bore that be was to remain there as long
as it pleased God to prolong his life.
Many lingered there five or six hours;
s >me longer. A sou of a jeweller, in the
Place do. la Dauphine, who had murdered
his father, was only relieved by death at
the end of twenty four hours. Tbeve un
happy wretches, often uttering horrible
blasphemies, always tormented by a ter
rible thirst, incessantly called out for
something to drink. A man of God, a
priest, never left their side during their
excruciating agony, but incessantly put
water to their parched lips, wiped the
sweat from their burning brow, and poin
ted to a merciful God above the scaffold,
extending his arms to receive theme.
This holy duty was always discharged by
a doctor of the Sai bonne.
Private letters from Chicago state that
ladies of wealth arc sending what remains
of their rich wardrobes and jewelry to
New York, for sale, to raise money to aid
the sufferers.
The safe of the Railway Hotel and
Susquehanna depot at Binghampton, N.
Y., wa3 robbed of $30,700 on Sunday
night. The money consisted of funds of
the Erie Railway, deposited in the safe
by the paymaster.
CHICAGO
The Telegraph of last week gave
j ome account of the fire in Chicago, ar.d
ff the condition of things existing there.
The destitution of a hundred thousand
persons and the call upon humanity for
immediate relief was spoken of. We can
now say that the World came promptly
to the relief of Chicago, and that there is
now sufficient for the immediate relief of
the destitute and perhaps for some time
to come. Assistance may be required for
-ome time and may be provided for and
furnished when necessary. Thousands
are still being carried out of the city by
railroads free. None need remain in the
city from want of means to get out. And
□one remaining need suffer for the want,
of the necessaries of life.
Tiie boundaries of the burnt region
was given last week, which, though im
periect, were perhaps as accurate as any,
but conveyed a very imperfect idea of the
extent and loss. The space burned over,
including the business part of the city,!.-
estimated at 2,000 to 2,600 acres. The
Tribune says: “We think it would be
sale to estimate that two thirds of the
capital invested in buildings in the entire
city perished on that dreadful Monday.”
Only a quarter of the grain and five out
of sixteen ot the Ware Houses were de
stroyed. The loss of life has not yet been
ascertained and perhaps never will be. It
has been large, but with so extensive and
rapid a fire it is fortunate it was no larger.
Gen. Sheridan has been placed in com
mand of the city by and under the Mayor
with a sufficient number of soldiers to
pre-erve peace and order. On the 17t.11.
Sheridan reported the continued peace
and quiet of the city, and that there had
been no case ol arson, hanging or shoot
ing, or even riot or street light siuee the
disaster of Sunday night and Monday
morning.
Tile Insurance companies out of Chica
go are generally safe and are paying
the losses as soon as ascertained. The
Chicago Companies will generally fail
and perhaps a few out of Chicago The
National and Savings Banks commenced
business as usual on Tuesday at 10 o’clock.
The money, papers and books of the
Banks were nearly all safe. Grain deal
ers are receiving and shipping gram as
usual. Nearly all the Diily papers com
menced issuing snrudl sheets immediately.
We are in receipt 01 the Journal and Tri
bune of full siz i and the Post under size.
Business men have found other or have
built or are building temporary quarters.
The ruins of many of the old ’buildings
are being cleared away and plans and
contracts arc being made for erecting
new buildings. New goods liave already
arrived, others are cn the way, and par
ties and agents arc east purchasing and
shipping goods. Altogether devastated
Chicago is alive, recuperating her ener
gies, and preparing for increased action
and future greatness.
K.3SROSHA
STtAM BAKERY
j. B. KUPFER,
Manufacturer and Dealer In tile
m,» xs,. c«
Which stand over all other CRACKERS
In the
UNITED STATES,
Also the best of
SODA,
BOSTON,
PIC-NIC,
WINE,
CREAM,
And Common Butter Crackers
The very ben of
WHITE,
BROWN,
GRAHAIYE, and
RYE BREAD,
EMESII EI*EJR F I*.
COOKI ES
of all kinds. CAKES such as
LEMON, SPICE, SPONGE, CREAM
POUND, SNOW, AND FRUIT.
PIES of all kind" in their season, and made
ijom THE VERY BEST MATERIAL*, nJt from
decaying stufls. Relreshments served in the best
style and quality. My
TWENTY-TWO YEARS,
experience in the Baking Business, with the ad
dition of my NEW STEAM BAKERY, enables me
to do better, sell cheaper, give better eatables,
than any other bakery in the Northwest. You
will find that I do just as I sa/
The strictest attention paid to orders, in and
out of the city.
ALL KINDS OF
TO 13 YVO IRK

Executed on the most ttasonable terms,
AT THIS OFFICE,
ONE
HUNDRED MILLION
DOLLARS WORTS! OIF
DRY
GOODS
Burnt in. the Great Fire in Chicago but
L FELLOWS CO.
A.re Selling at the
SAME OLD PR ICE!
Regardless of the Advances.
DON’T IFLAII, TO
LOOK THROUGH OUR STOCK
Before Buying;
as we are better tSian ever
prepared to suit you in
anything you may
want in
DRY GOODS!
OR
CLOTHING.
L. FELLOWS CO.
21
LOOK HEBE!!
if you want to see the best Stock of
Ever brought to this Market, go to
A® Ij® IfaFF <o#)%®
MX,,,.,,*..*. k< >„MD«w»U l 'UM,>« k ,.ur WU/
A Large Stock on hand and more
Arriving.
Should think of Buying* before
Examining the
-£l *3?
SIMM ©M m 9
“Old Reliable.”
4
F. SOB I® SOI,
DEALER IN
American, French and English
CHEMICALS, DRUCS,
EDICISTES
PAINTS OILS GLASS, DYE STUFFS
PATNT MEDICINES,
Fancy Articles. Hair Brushes, &C
KENOSHA. WIS.
u’. ■vtr. sow,

Manufacturers, Jobbers, and Retailers of Superior Hand Made Boots, and
general dealer? in Leather, Findings, and all Staple varieties of
Eastern Boots and Shoes.
Buffalo and Wool lined Alaskas a great variety of warm Slippers for Ladies, Misses
and Children. Easy, elegant fitting Calf and Kip B-iots, made on McComber’s
Patent Last, of which we have exclusive use.
BURT’S far fa mad Button and Polish Boots. Philadelphia
Shoes. Largest Stock and Lowest Prices offered our
patrons since the War.
CASH FOR HIDES AND SKINS.
QUICK SALES! SMALL PROFITS! ONE PPJCE
Oct, 16th, 1871. At F W. LYMAX SOX’
New Advertisements.
COCOAIIME
edged Oil, ifc. Acloiowl
ofthe hair. JO3. BUBNE?Tft b^ UttJ
Bold by all dnimrUrtu C 0" Boston Mass,
y legists. Beware of imitations.
Dl THRI DGE 7 gy
XX FLINT CLASS
LAMP CHIMNEYS*^
Staml Heat bKttv*' than any other made.
LLthridge s and take no other,
see tnat our name is on rverv 1»
DITHRIDGE SON. P.ttlbuTsli Pa.
T RE S S
Fruit and Ornamental,
POE AUTUMN OF 1871.
j^ 0 attention of Planters and Dealers
to mu luige and complete stock of
Standard and Dwarf Fruit Trees
Grape Vines and Small Fruit.
Ornamen al Trees. Shrubs and Plants
Xevy and Rare Fruit and Ornamental Trees
Bulbous Flower Roots.
Descriptive and Illustrated priced Catalogues
sent prepaid on roamp, of stamps, as follows:
J o rt VV s ll i o, 2-Ornamental Trees,
10c. Lo. 8 r Green-house, 10c. No. 4 -Wholesale,
f<• e, 5 -Bulbs, frre. Address
It U VV A. IGB tt ,Si l? RRV
Established 1840. Rochester, rv' y.
r r" pFOU ONE MONTH TO ALL WIIO ASK FOR
r Kr r i T; 76c. roJan.,’W;sl.6Jto July,’7B:
I lIL LJ-50 to Jan., 73. THE METHOD
IST. Every week a Lecture Room Talk by Beecher;
Sermon or article b.y Talmago, (xeoond only to
in Popularity). Mrs. Willing's g eat serial
st.<>’ y exposing secret workings of Romanism in
America, and much other good reading G Hai
sted, 114 Nassau si., New York.
rnr f” of our great 8-page,
r Iks I" 00 it lad r tied weekly—3o years
?L3 L« established. Fine steel engravings
free to subscribers. Agents make $3 a day. Send
for -aturony Gazette, Hallowed, Me.
JAS F. ATKINSON, APPLETON, WIS.
MANUFACTURER OF
Wood Seat Chairs and Bedsteads.
Prepared lo fill orders, by the car load. Turning
done to order. None but best of material used.
LADY AGENTS
Wanted in every county in this State, to whom
steady, genteel and profitable employment can be
given. None but ladies that can send the best of
references need address FRAGRANT SAPOLIENE
CO., Cleveland, Ohio.
S3O. We wiM Pay $37
wi s #3O per week rosell our great and vain
abie discov rie* 1! you want oerm ioent.honor
able and pleasant work, apply for particulars
ddress D ER &CO Jackson, Michigan.
M A KEWeYS^p^S
sent post paid for 25 ots. Circulars free. Address
R. SANBORN At CO., lio Madison st., Chicago.
THE CURTAIN RAISED.
llow i 1 is done, and who does it. The Alena Book,
102 pages, gorgeously illustrated with cuts, posi
tions, &c. Sent by mail, securely sealed for .fifty
cents. Grand Circular, free. Address J.N. COPP,
088 BROADWAY, New York.
Cheap Farms Free Homes
ON THE LINE OF TIIF.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD,
A LAND GBANT OF
13,000.000 ACRES
f OF TUS
Best Farming and Mineral Land in America,
3,000,0'm Acres of Choice Farming and Grazing
Lands on the line of the road, m the
State of Heteasfca, ia tho Great Platto Valley,
now for sale, for cash or long credit.
These lands are in a mild and healthy climate,
and for grain-growing and stock raising, unsurpass
ed by any in the United States.
Prices range from $2 to $lO per Acre.
HOMESTEADS FOB ACTUAL SETTLERS.
2,500,000 Acres of Government Lands between
Omaha and North Platte, open for entry as
Homesteads only.
SOL DIE US OF TIIE LATE WAR
ARE ENTITLED TO A
FREE HOMESTEAD OF 160 ACRES,
within Railroad limits, equal to a
Direct Bounty of S4OO.
Send for the new edition or descriptive pamphlet,
with new maps, mailed free everywhere,
Address O. F. DAVIS,
Land Commissioner U. P. R. R. Co.
3m17 Omaha, Neb
THE
Dominican J^isters
FROM
Sinsiniwa Mound, Wis.,
Have re-opened their School and are now prepared
to give instruction in
MUSIC,
VOCAL,
INSTRUMENTAL,
CULTIVATION OF THE VOICE, &c,
TERMS:
Instrumental Music, per quarter $lO 00
Vocal Music 5 00
Use of Piano 2 09
4wlß
FARM FOR SALE.
A]?&RM of 281 Acres for sale, two and a-half
miles south of the Bristol depot. Good house,
large barn, outbuildings too numerous to mention,
good orchard, plenty timber—in fine, one of the
Best Farms in this part of the Country.
ALSO—I 9% acres on the School Section adjoining
it, house and barn, two good orchards, and seven
acres wood lot mile from the 79% farm; all said
land being in the town of Bristol, Kenosha county,
Wisconsin. For further particulars inquire of wfl
liam Hunt, 2nd, on the former farm, as I am getting
old and wish for less labor and care.
3m19 WM, HUNT,
FOR SALE.
ONE of the best farms in Southern Wisconsin,
three miles west of Kenosha. 160 Acres, and
SEVEN ACRES TIMBERLAND.
Well adapted to gram and grass. Spring in cente r
of farm. House large and commodious. Out
buildings good. Good well, cistern, &c. This is a
Rare Opportunity
For anyone desiring a pleasant home.
FHIR MJ 3 EASY.
Inquire of the subscriber on the premises.
Kenosha, September 23d, 1871.
4w16 R. GRAHAM.
OLD PAPERS
50 Cents per Hundred,
FOK SALE AT THIS OFFICE.