Hi
"CLOTHINGrETC.
'mm:
GoLDouchcd 112J in
but dav. closed
at month ,PV
last evening at 03$ lor me oiu uC v
for the new. ffliU l
CoTrouFnueSilull iafcW3ZE5t,
lower rates, middling closing jrertyat
EtECTIKG AFTER THE.P0IXS ARE
The Ifadieals are an imitative set of fel
lows. X2iSIutatitheyjliaKi
shown tliemselves good at electim their
candidates after the closlnjjof meroDs. A It'
the Nortliern Kadicals are
Southem.nrfcUiJcii'r-l" 1
imitating thfeir
iiOmttlC .ej-enlpgliftttrtlio. election, vhcn
twenJyjfour hours had elapsed and the re-
thisay sent the foUbwing 4ispatch tol,
DrHximisos,;-theGhainnarrH3f the6tate
Central Committee Columbus: I
'CixciNNiTrj'October 11 Evening.-4
Enoudi has been ascertained to show that
u'6XilsiIiUlfep'ublicaiLlcgislatop bbvouj
ticket has been elected.'
"That wai most likely true, but the send
er of tin? dispatch jbl jiot know wliat could
le done by cauvassing. The real work that
elected half the Republican ticket did not
commoncp.until Song aftcr- the polls were
ItU-KEUX" TltlAIJS IN THE EWCTIL
To sbowf hoiear upon. "the( daugereui
f uiings'e Jiave already driftedf vp
copy the following article from the New
York-5an,ia JRadical Journali
The manncrln which the North Caro
lina Ku-KJus trials have been conducted,
'looking at them in the most favorable light,
affords a suilicieat evidence of the danger-
-ous character- ot the powers uestowea hy
i, the Ku-Klux law upon United States ofti
cials, who may be violent partisans, and
T thus incapable of doing justice. It
Is likelv that some of the per-
'fcons who hae been convicted in
Judge Bond's Court have been guilty of all
that lias been alleged against them; it may
be that all of those so convicted deserved
their fate: but it is certain that entirely ln-
nocent ieople, who, from personal malicefor
other cause, sliold be wrongly accused of
participation in such otiences, talcing the
North Carolina trials as an example of the
m -wayiin which-the law is to be admiidstered,
would have very little ground to hope that
their innocence would save them from con
viction and punisliment.
"What is popularly known as the Ku
Kliix law was passed for partisan purposes,
tanddtiis "administered in .a partisan man
ncr.;i JYljile its ostensible object was to
suppress, thc Ku-Klux; organization, it lias
been so framed as to render it an instru
ment undercover of which Gen. Grant may
use the most revolutionary means to force
his rcnomiuation and election for it can
be applied to the North as well as the South,
.and its terrors may be brought
to bear agaiust political societies
in our own State, organized for
'political purposes, as effectually
pjas agairTst the members of the Invisible Em
pire and kindred associations in the South.
In North Carolina its execution has been
4 comparatively mild; yet even there whole
fale and indiscriminate arrests have been
made, often without warrant; people on
'mere suspicion have been carried hundreds
of miles from their homes, denied bail, and
1 kept for months in prison without any op
portunity being afforded them for defence;
"4and in mauy cases, after long imprisonment,
such suspected persons have been set free
without a particle of evidence having been
brought forward to coined them with the
offences with which they lad been charged.
"For tiro trials which recently took place
'at Raleigh a social jury was summoned,
and it is not denied that its members were
V selected fltf account of their political bias.
'The counsel for the defence challenged the
whole juryjm this ground, offering an affi
davit In suppbft-of the challenge, and addi
tional testimony to prove the allegation.
The Assistant District Attorney admitted
iso says the Raleigh Sentinel that he had
directed the Marshal what sort of men to
pick out; but the Court held tliat the ground
assigned was no cause of challenge, refused to
hear any evidence bearing on the subject,
and disallowed the motion. Judge Bond
himself, according to all accounts, did not
even assume the virtue of impartiality, but
degraded his high position by acting in the
character of prosecutor throughout the pro
ceedings. With violent partisans as prose
cuting officers, a packed jury, and a hostile
Court against them, it is no wonder that
these men were convicted by dozens. They
may all have received only their just deserts
in thcend but no one can pretend that the
manner of their conviction was anything
but a mockery of justice and an outrage on
judicial propriety."'
As if the summary manner in which the
ti Ku-Klux. law. is administered in North Car
olina' is llot'dnough to satisfy the most vin
dictive and least forgiving Radical, such as
Gen. Grant has shown himself to be, that
person lias issued his proclamation suspend-
ing the writ of habeas corpus in nine coun
'ties of South Carolina, that citizens of those
jwinties charged with being Ku-Klux may
be even more summarily and perhaps vigor
ously dealt with them in the former Stated It
is understood numerous arrests will be made
immediately in those counties, and thear
reeted parties be tried by a military court.
"Wherp this exercise of extraordinary power,
K of doubtful, authority such as the Queen
of England would not dare enforce is to
end, no man can tell, There is every reason
Vjltj believe that it is Grant's inten
tion to apply martial law to all of the
Southern States, and thus crush out all
opposition to lum in the South. But will
he stop with the States in the South that
are opposed toliim? He is determined to
elect himself for a second terra, and he will
jsoijl at nothing -whjclj may 'stand in the
way of his ambitious designs. He is far
from being a statesman, but is ambitious,
and therefore a dangerous man to be en
ilfltrusted with extraordinary powers. His
I trusted
uufnbse in this "Ku-Klux" matter is plain;
and .the -Noth- will be made to feel his
power if necessary to accomplish that ob
ject. In Jhe cvdut he succeeds, wilj he be'
3-satisfied with 'four more years of power?
JB&t'm the event he fails, will he peaceably
yield' therelns orgoverhmentP
THE EAIITJI OX FIIIE.
History records no parallel to the terrible
fires Which have been raging Ibr the past
two weeks in Kansas, Minnesota, Michigan,
Iowa, and Wisconsin. But for the more
sudden and unexpected disaster which
swept Chicago from the face of the earth in
-Tew hours," we would have stood aghast at
7the conflagration of whole towns and for
4 tsr-even those sinking into comparative
insignificance before the sudden destruction
of a great city. Cdnseq uently but few de
tails ofthe cotintrj'fireshavcbeenpublished.
'In Wi$cqnsin the devastation has been
especially terrible, two thousand square
miles, having been swept by the flames. All
ttiat portion of the State cast of Saginaw
JJay, and north of a iwint forty miles above
Port Huron, has been burnt over, and fami
lies, hemmed in by tiie fires Jiave lost their
;f atock, their crops, their hnprovexnents, and
in miinv cas".i their lives. Those of that.
4 region who have been looking for the ap
pointed time "when the earth, the air, the
gea, the sky, and all tliat in them is," will
melt with fervent heat, ha vo seen enough to
make them think the awful day liad come.
jar. "rj-jjg damage to the pine lands has been
V incalculable. Coming nearer home fires
rage along the line of the Louisville, New
Albany.aud Chicago Railroad, between New
Albany and Lafayette, Ind., destroying
miles of fences, Tiay, grain, cattle, barns
and houses. The protracted drouth in the
West seems to have converted every com
bustible thiug into tinder. The appeal to
our charity during the winter will not come
alone from Chicago, as assistance is asmnch
jie"eded in the track of these fires as attlie
.doomed city.
In California the cry has always been, for
trees- on' her plains, that drouth might' be
prevented. But look at Wisconsin! OBe-
h the most unpenetrable forests there is
rr -"il out, as it "were, a magazine 'of 'pbw-
t Thn.w forests have failed ttf attract
niiis silica August last, 'arid' the tbeoryt
.oat "trees bringrain" i3 serionslyshaken.-i
XwwrH' qedger, Vet. l(
T
ESTTSMDmEGH 80.r 1835 r,
IraijertaBtAcUoii of the Saprcrae
i tioiirtiu Jamgt5 Suit.:
Special to the Union and American.
Kkoxyilus.. Oct. 18. The Supreme
Court to-day rerjersed JJie.ledson of the
CurutrConrt in tha caseW John Baxter
agaipstj Jaunde& Clark. Baxter sued the
defendants foVfibeC laying his damages at
for) nqblisliiBgiithejKnoxville
Tf7n!7 andlleaUter tho Habn- speecli in a
suit pending between Baxter and llabry
Tlfeircfflt(urt4ivwniaaJaxter $27,000
Jjdahiages, ahaiaSanndcrs &.Clark. appealed
to the Supreme Court.
That tribunal w-
Jyerses.the.ecislon of the lower court and
Tcmands the case for a new trial.-
WASHmrTOK
Government Relief for tfao Aorthwcst.
WABinsoxoN, Oct 18. The Secretary
ofVar has.-authorized Gen. Sheridan to
affqrd such relief as may be in his power to
theafferers by the fires in Michigan and
Wisconsin.
H f The Civil Servicer).
Tho Civil Service Commissioners were
tofday engagodin thediscussion.of a'gener-
ii t At rt
appointments.
r T Cotton Crops. 5
The official report of the -Agricultural
Bureau savs: Cotton reports for October
are unimproved. The average of Septem
ber is sustained in no States, being for the
.first week, in October seventy-sis against
eighty per cent, in September. The injuries
reported are from rust, shedding pf bolls,
prematurely cool weather in northern lati
tudes, floods and inundations in Florida
and Georgia, and boll and army worm-in
portions of ilississipni and more Western
States. Losses by insects are not very seri
ous or general. Drought occasions more
depreciation than any other cause. From
present indications the crop will not exceed
three million bales, and with the remainder
ot the season unfavorable must be smaller,
Tho lcfalcatIon in tno Freedman's
Bureau.
Special to the Louisville Ledger.
The friends of Gen. Bullock, the default
ing disbursing officer of the Freedmen's
Bureau, have been busy with all sorts of
personal explanations to-day. They do not
deny in the first place that Gen. Bullock
was a poor man four years ago, and that he
is now worth $150,000, although engaged
in no other business than simply appertains
to his official position, nor they or Gen.
Bullock himself deny that the sum of $209,
000 of government funds, in his hands, was
converted into bonds contrary to law, de
posited in a place which the law did not
authorize, and that the interest upon the
same, amounting to $15,000 per annum,
was illegally appropriated to his own use.
The only justification pleaded is tliat of
tho General, by reason of fraudulent impo
sition practiced upon himself, by .negro
boiuity claimants, wished to indemnify him
self for moneys that lie claims he was com
pelled to pay twice There is nobody con
nected with this transaction who seems to
have any account of the number of fraudu
lent claims which are asserted to have been
paid twice, nor have any names or other
dates been put forth.
Gen. Bullock, when tins transaction first
came to light, attempted to shelter himself
under pretended authorization of Treasurer
Spinner and Comptroller Brodhead, and fi
nally ot a letter or exculpation trom Secre
tary Boutweil; but the two former officers
are swift to clear their shoulders from any
sliareof responsibility, and the letter of the
latter, written to Gen. Howard a few days
since, charges irreuglarity upon the whole
transaction, but does not attribute improper
motives to Gen. Bullock.
There is one Queer thinir about this de
falcation wliicli does'not appear clear. The
parties who arc in a position to know, state
that the deficiency was really a half million,
and that after the $200,000 were found in
the Treasury Department on deposit, the
same amount was also found m the safe
deposit company.
POLITICAL.
TJios. Scott,
of Pennsylvania,
President,
for
Pittsburg, Oct. 18. In view of the
result of the recent elections in Pennsyl
vania and Ohio, the Pittsburg Post comes
out to-morrow in a double leaded leader
declaring for Thomas Scott for Iresident as
the man to carry Pennsylvania against
Grant by an overwhelming majority.
LOUISVILLE.
Speech from Carl Kelinrz Have We
Any Republican? Anions I'sT
Louisville, Oct. 18. The Hon. Carl
Schurz spoke here last night. He renewed
the political disabities and the still existing
laws; spoke of the Ku-Klux bill as danger
ous and calculated to alienate public opin
ion and attributed botli to blind party zeal,
and expressed confluence in the Confederate
who returns to his allegiance. Addressing the
Republicans and Democrats, he said parties
are the spirit working on both sides to de
feat the highest objects tliat both parties
profess to iiave in view. He said the De
mocracy had lost the cliance in 1SC8. He
read and warmly advocated the platform of
the recent non-partisan movement in Ten
nessee, as comprising the best elements of
both parties, and concluded with an appeal
to all to rise above partisan spirit, and unite
in a common effort to secure reform and
good government.
BANGOR.
Jlixcd Loyalty.
B.vifOOit, Oct. 18. Lord Lisear con
gratulated the people on the success of tlie
International Railway. He referred to the
Ireaty of Washington, and hoped old ani
mosities had been uuneu out ol sight. At
the conclusion of his speech three cheers
were given for tlie Queen of England.
Senator Hamlin proposed the health of
Lt.Goy. Wiiniot, of New Brunswick, which
was received with cheers, and made a brief
address. Secretary Robeson, for the Navy,
and S. N. Stockwell, ofthe Boston Journal,
for the press, Secretary Belknap repre
senting the army, Speaker Blaine, Dr. Tup
per, President of the Privy Council, and
Hon. J. Howe, of Nova Scotia, made con
gratulatory speeches.
in the aiternoon there was a regatta ana
contest between fire engines; and in tlie
evening a general illumination, etc., which
closed the festivities.
THE NILSS0N.
Boston Enthused.
Boston; Oct. 18. M'lle Nilsson had an
other great triumph to-night at the Boston
Theatre-wluch was crowded to repletion.
Inspired bv so vast an assemblage Nilsson
excelled all previous efforts in this city and
created enthusiasm unexceueu. ine re
ceipts amounted to $S,300.
1
THE TURF.
Trotting at Prospect I'arlt.
New York, Oct. 18. The trotting race
at Prospect Tark to-day for a purse of $1,
200, for horses tliat have never beaten 2:20,
was won by Seafoam, beating Susie Hard
ing, narley and Charles E. Loem. Time,
230, 2:20, 2:28, 2:29'.
Enigma won the purse for 2:39 horses in
2:31, 235 and 2:33.
OSWEGO.
Highway Itobbory.
Oswkoo, Oct. 18. Paymaster Ward of
the Sterling Iron Works was assatdted by
highwaymen last night, five miles from tho
1 city and robbed of $2,700.
a -i w
GE0RGLV.
i
The Coming' State Fair.
MAMXGA,rOct,718. The entries for
the State. Fair, pn the 23d are unusually
large. The Fair promises to be a success
..lit A Mi
t
NEW YORK?
A Card from Collector Murphy.
Ills Complicity In the Tammany Frauds,
New YoltK, Oct. 18 Collector Murphy
prints a card to-day defending himself from
me cuarees nereioiore preierred by the Tri
oune. Having written this statement, he
says he now leaves the subiect forever.
The Tribune publishes transcripts from
the Register's ofhee, showing Murphy's con
nection with tho real estate transfers of
rwecu, Connolly and Sweeny; Tlie latest
transaction was dated October 7th last.
J Appeal to tho President. 4
Tlie Chamber of Commerce yesterday
forwarded to the President a memorial ask
ing Ids aid m providing food and clothing
for the sufferers by the fires m Michigan and
.At TIT. r. m c?.
oiuer uesiern oiaies. mo memorial as
serts thai Congress will doubtless approve
oi measures mai me necessity demands,
A Boastful Briton Beaten.
The yacht race to-day, twenty miles to
leeward of lightslup and return, resulted in
another triumph for Columbia over Li
vonia, wliich was beaten about a quarter of
a mue.
The time made in the race is tho quickest
on recora (w muesr in a n. 7m. 41 see
O Conor vs. Tammany,
Chas. O'Conor accepts "the appointment
as associate counsel to the State Attorney
General in the prosecution of persons con-
1 i V .i r-
vxi uuu iu wu tiiy auu couniy iraiuis.
Belgian Belief.
A meeting of Belgian citizens to-night in
stituted measures for the immediate relief
ol their suffering countrymen near Green
iiay.
Infected Bags.
Health officer Carnochan reports that
rags are brought to this port in large, quan
tities irom lniected ports, and reconknends
tlie board of health not to relax the strict
letter of the law wluch allows 53 days at
quarantine.
The Presbyterians.
The Presbyterian Synod of New York
have selected Yonkers for their next annual
meeting. The lercymen this afternoon
assisted at the laying of the corner stone of
the new memorial church, corner of Jladison
Avenue and rifty-third street, which is to
be erected from a tund raised bv the U. S.
iTesoytenan Church.
Dr. Scliaff was tc-nwht installed in tlie
Chan- of the Union Theological Seminary.
The Jersey Hallway Monopoly.
Chancellor Zabrizskie, of New Jersev. lias
denied injunction in the Railroad lease case,
thus sustaining the lease by Pennsylvania
companies oi -ew Jersey roads.
THE STORM KING.
i
Schooners Stranded.
Ambeelev, Okt., Oct. 18. The schooner
Lucy Anchard of Ateonac Mich., and
Mary Thompson of Chicago, are ashore at
Point Albert. No lives lost.
Wrecked off JInnistec Seven Sailors
IiOSt.
Chicago, Oct. 18. The schooner J.
Lavent, owned iu Chicaco, was wrecked on
Saturday last off Manistee and the crew.
seven in number all perished, except one
seaman named Peter F. -Thornum, who
after fearful sufferings for many hours, was
flaally rescued by tho schooner D. P. Dob
bins. A Barge Goes Down tvlth All Aboard.
Kixcakdane, Ont,, Oct. IS. The baree
Twilight, laden with lumber, drifted ashore
near here last night. All hands are gone
and are supposed to have perished.
WISCONSIN.
The Fires at Length Extinguished by
Bain.
Milwaukee, Oct. 18. The Relief Com
mittee for Northern Wisconsin liave decid
ed to send two good men into every county
devastated by lire to ascertain tlie exact
amount and kind of supplies needed, the
probable amount needed during the winter,
and tlie nearest point to wliich supplies may
be sent. The ladies of this city are making
up large quantities of clothing as fast as
possible for the use ofthe people duriugthe
w inter, l he recent rains have stopped the
conflagrations, after everything was burnt
tliat could be.
Cincinnati, Oct. 18. A public meetinc
to-day in aid of the sufferers of Michigan
and Wisconsin, besides appointing a com
mittee to solicit subscriptions, requested the
Uommou Council to appropriate ten thou
sand. The Chamber of Commerce appro
priated one thousand dollars, and the io
licemen each gave three dollars, making
nine hundred dollars, for the same.object.
CALIFORNIA.
Saud Storms from the Arizona Desert.
50,000 llead
of Sheep Scattered
tost.
and
Sax FitANCisco. Oct. 18. Sandstorms
from tlie Colorado deserts are prevailing at-
LosAngelos and San Bernardino counties.
b it ty thousand sheep were scattered and
lost in the mountains near Fort Tijon by
two storms.
Judicial Election,
Tlie judicial and school election is pro
gressing. A light vote is in prospect. The
Republicans and tax-payers carry the city
and State.
TIIE EPISCOPALIANS.
Proposed Court of Appeals.
Baltimoke, Oct. 18. The Committee
on Canons reported against providing for
the organization of a Court of Appeals in
the Churcli, wliich would be in conflict with
the present Constitution. They are not
prepared to recommend any alteration to
meet the difficulties. The minority report
submitted an amendment to the Constitu
tion, providing for such a Court, composed
of Bishops only, for the review of all ques
tions determined in tlie Diocesan Court,
wliich involve doctrine or ritual, or the con
struction of tlie canons of the General Con
vention. None but Bishops shall pronounce
admonition, suspension or degradation from
the ministry. Action on the subject was
deferred until Friday.
The Committee on Canons reported in
favor of final ratification of amended article
five of the Constitution relative to tlie ad
mission of churches and the admission and
formation of new dioceses. Made the
special order for Monday.
Canon twenty, title one entitled, Of the
use ofthe book of Common Prayer," was
discussed and adopted by the following
vote: Clerical, yeas 30, nays 0, divided
4: lay, yeas 30, nays 0, not voting 4. Ad
journed until to-morrow.
CONDENSED TELEGRAMS.
Arkansas' Agricultural College is to be
located in Wasldngton County.
A congress of Eastern iron masters met
in New York yesterday and resolved to
adopt the decimal system for selling.
The amalgamated Society of Locomotive
Engineers commenced their animal meet
ing at Toronto yesterday. Among the del
egates present were Wilson and Fellows, of
Cleveland, Ohio, and Adcock, of Nashville,
Tenn.
Rev. Charles J. Hinsdale, for twenty-five
years the pastor of the Blanford Congrega
tional, Church, Mass., was thrown from
carriage iu tliat town yesterday and instant
ly killed.
Threatened Him. An angry Western
edttor wrote tea poetical correspondent the
other day: "If you don't stop sending tome
your abominable poetry, I'll print a piece
of it some day, with yotir .name appended
in full, and send a copy to your gal!"' The;
poetry from that fountain "was quietly dried
up-
Cirmusn Innocence. A Tittle boy had
Kan mfttlAnoil n 1t-it t r 1 1 1r fl flirt noct.
l J. 1. U1U.1UULU llILl KM UU. ,0
Bwhen gathering the eggs; but one evening
tne gin reached tho nest lirst, seized an egg
and started for the house. Her disappointed
brother followed, crying, "Mocherl mother,
-.Susy's been' and cot the egg- the old ben'
measures by"
wtWAmmsm,j$m
CHICAGO.
Three' Million Dollars of
State" Aid.
Tlie Progress of Reconstruction.
legislative Relief. -St.
Louts, Oct. 18 The lower House
of the Illinois Legislature yesterday passed
a bill for tlie relief of Chicago, which pro
vides for the issue of ten year six per cent
bonds for the amount of principal and In
terest expended by her on tho Illinois and
Michigan Canal, nearly three- million,-the
bonds to be delivered before Nov. 15. Not
less than one-fifth, and no more than one
third of the proceeds of the. lauds are to be
used in rebuilding the public works of 1
Chicago. The remainder are to support
the police and fire departments.
Kcal Xstate Speculators.
CmcAOO, Oct. 18. The Times made its
re-appearance tills morning a sheet neatly
printed, with an eight-column account of
the fire, two columns of editorial, and tho
rest advertisements. Tho leader deprecates
the attempt of interested parlies to take
business below Twelfth street in the South
Division, and says there can be no question
of the return of business to the burnt dis
trict. Meantime, the convenience of the
majority of the inliabltants should be con
sulted. Ntartirig Ufc Anew.
Ten days have passed since the great con
flagration, and every day brings fresh occa
sion for encouragement. The city is or
derly, relief for the poor comes abundantly,
business is resuming, rebuiling is going on
in every direction and there is a mucli more
healthy feeling abroad than the most san
guine could have anticipated. The reports
from all the banks are substantially the
same as yesterday; very little money lias
been called for while the deposits have been
large, 'ihere is nodilhculty iu necotiatms
bills on.Ncw York sight or tune at the old
rades. In financial circles all looks well.
The Insurance Hen.
The insurance companies are doinc well.
and those tliat are solvent pay without re
quiring the policy holders to go through the
lormaiities ol adjustment, etc T he Ameri
can central company ol fat. Louis com
menced pajing to-day, John B. Drake, of
the Tremont House, receiving $5,000 from
me company. They win continue to pay
on demand until all are paid.
ihe executive olhccrs of tho Republic
Insurance Company of this city had a meet
ing to-day and resolved to wind up. Then-
losses foot up three million six hundred
thousand dollars. Their cash assets amount
to nine hundred thousand. They will pay
25 cents on the dollar on demand.
Prom McmphlH.
Twenty-one thousand dollars were re
ceived from Mempliis to-day as a contribu
tion to the relief fund from Memphis.
A Hundred and Fifty Millions.
Tlie ZVmes of this morning, upon what
they deem a candid estimate, make the
total loss by the recent fire one hundred and
fifty millions of dollars.
Business.
J. W. Doane Co., and many others of
our wholesale grocery houses, announce
their immediate resumption of business,
and that their liabilities will all be paid at
maturity, and these are a fai- index of what
the grocers ot Chicago will do.
1 he business of the Board of Trade has
been fairly resumed.
The purchase and sale of gram is going
on as U nothing had happened. The re
ceipts and shipments of grain are very
heavy, more than at any previous time.
Planting the Flag.
Some ambitious and daring individual
this morning worked his way to the top of
tlis Courthouse, although such a thing
seemed almost impossible, and planted the
American flag on the highest point, where it
now floats in tlie breeze.
The Tribune.
A survey of the Tribune building has
been made by the architects, who report
tliat the walls and most of tlie floors are
good and tliat the whole can be put in or
der for $50,000. The original cst was
?210,000.
A Thrilling Incident.
The following is one ofthe tlirillins inci
dents of the recent fire which occurred in
Washington Street tunnel dm-im: tlie fierc
est era of the fire, and thousands of thous
ands were rushius throuch the tunnel.
wliich is over one thousand feet in length,
when the gas gave out and all were left in
total darkness. A terrible panic, a collision
and the tramping to death of the weaker by
the stronger seemed inevitable; but strange
as it may seem, everybody m the dark re
cess seemed at once to comprehend the
necessity for coolness and courage. Not a
man lost his presence of mind, but all with
one accord turn to the right, each calmly
enjoining upon the others to lie cool and
steady and to march steadily on till licbt
could be readied. Rapidly, but without
confusion, they in two columns moved on
through the thick darkness with almost mil
itary precision, tlie silence being broken on
ly by frequent shouts of right, right. There
was no collision and no one was harmed,
but all reached the end of the tunnel hi
safety, and then for the first time in almost
ten minutes breathed freely.
THE INSURANCE C03IPANIES.
The Sen York Convention.
New York, Oct. 18. The National In
surance Convention to-day was largely at
tended. President Miller stated that the
subject of Chicago would be brought before
the Convention. Relative to the losses of the
New York companies, he believed they
would all be able to pay at least 90 per
cent., but time should be allowed to collect
their resources. He believed the fire of
Chicago was the result of badly constructed
buildings, as in Paris or London the fire
would burn itself out in one block.
Imposing Figures.
Hartford. Oct. 17. The nine fire in
surance companies of nartford, since their
organization, liave paid losses of over $50,-
000,000. Their Chicago fire insurance
amounts to T,UW,UW or58,000,WU.
More Suspensions.
New York. Oct. IS. The Atlantic Fire
Insurance Company, of Brooklyn, has sus
pended business in consequence of Chicago
losses The liabilities aggregate $50Q,000,
and the assets $575,000. The directors
profess confidence in being able to resunie
in a few weeks.
Chauncey Bedill has been appointed re
ceiver of tlie Manhattan company. Presi
dent Palmer, it is said, lias removed and
holds possession of tlie securities ofthe con
cern. Xot Suspended,
FiiiLJiDKLruiA, Oct, 18. TJie Enter
prise Insuranco Company, of Philadelphia,
has not suspended, as reported.
Worcester, aiass., uct. 18. The re
port that the lirst .National Insurance
Company oi tins city nau suspended, is in
correct.
Increased Their Capital.
Albany, N. Y., Oct. 18. The Com
merce Insurance Campany increased its
capital $100,000 and has resolved to con
tinue busiuess,
Completely Ilifrnt out.
San Francisco, Oct. 17. There is
much anxiety concerning our local insur
ance companies. It is ledred that only tlie
Uniou will be able to meet its demands full
and continue business with a capital unim
paired. Then. A seven-year old boy was lately
heard to use profane language. On being
reproved by his parents, and directed to ask
God's forgiveness, he retired to him room
anil was overheard to say: "Oh, God, I am
very sorry I said that naughty word, and
won't say so any more; but please hurry
and make mo grow up to be a man, and
then I can swear as much as I want to, like"
pa, and nobody will notice it."
ArrnorBiATE; A Methodist brother re
cently had occasion to preach a discourse
agaiust 'the doctrines of immersion, but
couldn't find tlie text until, with great
'slirpwdness .and good sense, lie, hit upon
this: ".Beware of divers! and strange doc
trines:"
Ybatever Midas touched was turned into
"gold." Hn these idays, touch a mamritb gold,
and he'll turn into anything.
thxksdyv October i9r i87i.
1
Labor; Riots at Maycacc, Germany.
FRANCE.
--r Tho Corsicans
Paris, Oct. 18 There have been sev
eral unimportant(dem9nstniions Corsica
uy uie partisans oi tne late emperor.
The German Treaty Xeutral Territo
ry.
Parib, Oct. 18. Tlie final ratification by
France of tlie treaty with Germany has
been dispatched to Berlin. Bv the terms
of the treaty six departments will be evac
uated Dy the- viermans, and are declared
neutral territory in a military point of
view unui tne stipulated payments of in
demnity are completed.. During that time
these departments will not be occupied bv
.the3?rench troops, and should France Jiot
luimi its linancial obligations, they will be
reoccupieu ny tne uermans.
Chicago Keltef.
M. Labonlaye, the well known friend of
America, has been appointed Chairman of
the Chicago Relief Committee, formed by
citizens of France. In accordance with the
instructions of the Committee, he has is
sued an address calling for contributions,
anu saying tliat although trance is poor,
she desires to show her cratitude and make
some practical return for the fraternal 'sym-
patny snown ner in ner misiortunes by tho
people oi me united states.
GERMANY.
Labor Blots in Sfalntz.
i RANKFORT-ON-TnE-MAINi Oct. 18.
Labor troubles in Mayence resulted in riots
to-day. The troops were called out, when
me moo was dispersed and quiet restored,
Chicago Keller.
Berlin, Oct. 18. Prince Frederick Wil
liam and Princess Victoria, recognizing the
cordial sympathy shown hi America for
German soldiers during the late war. con
tribute five hundred thalers for the relief of
Chicago.
IRELAND.
The Phoenix Park Bloters.
Dublin, Oct. 18. Prosecutions acainst
policemen of this city for exceeding their
authonty continue to be pressed.
Mexico!
Porllrlo Diaz on the Rampage.
City of Mexico, Oct. 10. via Hava
na, A pronunciamento attempted here on
the 18th ult. was promptly suppressed.
Porfirio Diaz is reported to be on the road
between Puebla and Vera Cruz at the head
of 2,000 men. Tlie national forces at
Orizaba will march against him.
"THE GOOSE IIAXGS HIGH."
I dipped the following professed solution
of the vexed question of the origin of this
expression from an Eastern paper quite re
cently
"A practice prevailed in some parts of tlie
South before the war to liave a 'goose pul
ling' frolic about the holidays concluded as
follows A goose was tied by the feet to a
limb of a tree just high enough for a horse
man in passing, by raising in his stirrups to
reacn tne neau oi tne lowl and give it a
pull. The strins not beins stronc. a sham
jerk would bring the bird. Each 'sport'
paid the owner of the goose a 'bit' for a
cliance to pull it from the limb; if he suc
ceeded, the goose was his. Sometimes it
hung a little too high, and so eluded the
grasp of the catcher as he rode under the
branch on which the web-footed bird was
suspended. In such case as the horsemen
galloped past in quick succession, the re
mark would be made by the bystanders,
tliat 'everything was lovely and the goose
hangs high.'"
JNow the man who wasted the midnight
on m writing tnat is a woody Jiuggins,
wuoever neis. ine onjnnoi tne expression
is as simple and plain as need be. You in
the Atlantic and Western States lave two
kinds of wild geese, viz: the small yellow
legged, spotted-breasted goose, called the
laugldng goese," and the larce darkcoose.
properly called the Canada goose" (Anxer
vanaaensis.) lius last always flies nortli
ward in early spring time, in flocks, under a
leader, who heads the column, and at brief in
tervals gives off a deep dull cry, honk honk
honk I t rom this note they are called in tlie
west and southwest "honkers." If the
weather is fair and prospect ahead pleasant.
these geese fly straight northward high in
air, the leader "honking" loudly as he flies;
but, it otherwise, they lly lower, and m an
ticipation of storms, break up their liarrow-
sliaped organization, and look for a place of
alighting, l hence comes the expressive and
lorcibie expression, ".everything is lovely
and the goose honks high;" the work honks
have been mi mnderstood or corrupted into
"hangs" by the whites who heard it, as I
have heard it many times years ago used by
tno negroes m the Mississippi v alloy.
LEVITIES AND BREVITIES.
Only twenty.five thousand Communists
still remain to be tried.
iV numerous gang of gipsies have taken
up their abode near Augusta, Ga.
Calilornla lias tho largest orchard In the
world. It contains 426 acres and over 75,-
000 fruit trees.
Greeley says the best way to protect
sheep from dogs is to double the tariff on
foreign wool.
Tlie Mammoth Cave of Kentucky is for
sale at $500,000. Boutweil would sell his
hole In the sky for much less.
In loou tlie Jesuit bouy through the
woild was a little in excess of 4,000. At
present there are nearly 9,000 members.
The cattle disease is prevailing to a fear
ful extent in Stokes county, North Caro
lina, particularly on Dan Iliver.
Xewton, the "wickedest town in Kan
sas," a,nd but four montlis old, has sent
four car loads of cattle to the Chicago suf
ferers. The Cash ISook is the latest and most
ridiculous title for a newspaper. It is
published in Missouri, and is for a wonder
eleven moqths old-
The Connecticut temperance men have
resolved to hold a State Convention, and
form an independent political organization
for the spring campaign.
Bob-tailed Gulch, Nevada, has soven
dwelling houses and tliirty-seven saloons.
They talk of tearing down some of the
houses to make more room.
The Lake Talioe and Central Pacific
Railroad tunnel will be five miles long,
tlirough solid granito, nintocn feet in height,
and twenty-one feet wide.
In a late vacation letter Ilenry Ward
Beecher enumerates as among the delights
of summer rest the privilege of wearing
old clothes. This is a privilege that a
good many clergymen liave tlie whole year
round.
The largest city park in the world is in
Hiiladelpliia; the greatest grain port is
Chicago; tlie longest railroad, the Pacific;
the greatest mass of iron is in Missouri; and
tlie greatest water aqueduct, the Croton,
New York.
The French expedition to the North Pole
will not be abandoned on account ofthe
death of the Commander, Capt. Lambert,
and it is among the possibilities tliat the
Americans may meet and fly their bunting
together from the long-sought polar point.
Mobile is again moving for an outlet of
the Mississippi trade. The project is to
open a canal from the Mississippi, between
Helena and Memphis, and following tlie
Tallahatchie, Yazoo, Big Black and other
streams to Mobile Bay, where ships and
steamers of the largest class can load at the
docks and pass out without lightening.
The Hartford Courant says that the ag
gregatej risks of tlie Hartford companies in
Chicago amount to from ten to twelve mil
lions of "dollars. Besides this', Hie Life of
fices have loaned, on real estate, as much
more. The Connecticut Mutual Life alone
has about $7,000,000 of such loans. The
Courant thinks the Hartford offices will bo
able tq stand fheir losses.
CassiusM. Clay lately made a speech, in
which he denounced the Grant adtninistra,
tion in unsparing terms. Centralization,
nc said, is the. great danger, If Grant is
re-elected lio will annex Sah Domingo, in
spitobfthe Senate. He added: ''The re
bellion itsejf was not such a blow at the.
liberties of the people and the" life of th
nation as the present Government."
jutmmi .7W.aarsu -saws..! t-. -saamjjgjKili?
UV-OrS, FOBTEB fe CO.,
WHOLESALE DEALERS IN
DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, ETC.,
WE ARE NOW" IN RECEIPT
F0KEIGN MD DOMESTIC
FOR THE FAIX TRADE,
TO WHICH WE INVITE THE ATTENTION OF MERCHANTS
sep33m
S. B. SPCRLOCK.
GEO. J.
S. B; SPURLOCK CO.,
DEALERS iar FOREIGJI AJfD DOMESTIC LIQUORS,
Nos. 32, 34 and 38 Broad Street,
Bagging ana Ties Furnished and Liberal Advances made.
Eiclaslve Agents for the sale of
ott 3m p
GILBERT, PARKES CO.,
COTTON FACTORS,
M AM) MMMKSMN
JTos. 57 iul 59
heretofore beatowed upon ViL
Baggingr and Ties Furnished and Advancements made on Consignments.
anglS eod UU FR THE CELEBBATD CARVER COTTON GINS.
TIIE JOSH BILLINGS PAPERS.
How Tn Pick Ont A Good Hoss.
First. Let the color be a sorrel, a roan, a
red, a gray, a white, a black, a blue, a
green, a chestnut, a brown, a dapple, a
apoueu, a cream, a uucKsKin, or a sum or
other good color.
occona. .hxamm his ears; see that he lias
got tew ears, and pound a tin pan cluss to
ldm to find out whether hiz hearing iz good.
All bosses are dum, but a deff and dum
boss are not desirable.
Third. Look well tu hiz eves: see that he
hazgot a pupil in hiz eyes, and not too large
a one neither; bosses with too large pupils l n
their eyes are near-sighted, and kant see
oats, and hav tu wear green goggles, and
green goggles make a boss look tu much
lie a trakt pedlar.
fourth, .reel ov his neck with the inside
ovyure right hand; see that the spinal.collum
iz well tatted, and runs the whole length ov
Iiim from fore tu aft a boss without a good
phatt spinal collum from fore tu aft aint
worth (speakin sudden) aint worth a
well defind cuss.
Five. Put yuro hand on hiz breast (this
iz allowable in the case ov a quadruped;)
see if hiz harte kan beat 70; squeeze hiz
fore leggs tu see if lie iz well muscled; lift
up ldz before feet and see if tliare iz enny
frogs in them frogs keep a hoss's feet cool
and sweet, just az thev do a well or a.snring
ov water.
Six. Look well in hiz shoes: see what
nuinixx he wears number eight iz about
right.
Seven. Run yure liand along the dividing
nuge ov luz hotiuy, irom the top ov hiz
withers tu the commencement ov hiz tail
(or dorsul vertibra,) and pincli him az you
go along, tu see if he knows how tu kick.
Ate. Look on his hind legs forsum spav
ins, kurus, wingaUs, ringbones, skratches,
quittors, thrush, grease-heels, thoroughpins,
spring-lialt, qnarter-kracks; se if he haz got
a whirl-bone; look for sum pin-hips hunt
for strains in the back tendons, let-downs,
ami capped hocks.
Nine. Investigate hiz'teeth; see if he aint
lourteen years old last May, with teeth hied
down, and a six-year-old black mark burnt
into the top ov them with a hot iron.
Ten. Smell of hiz breath tu see ifhehaint
got sum glanders; look just back ov hiz ears
for sigbns of pole-evil; pinch him on the top
oi hiz withers lor a tistuia, and look sharp at
both shoulders lor a sweeny.
Eleven. Hook him tu a wagon that rat
tles, drive him up tu an Irishman and Mz
wheelbarrow, meet a rag-merchant with
cow-bells strung acrost tlie top ov hiz cart,
let an express train pass him at forty-five
miles tu" tlie hour; when he iz swetty heave
a bunalo robe over him tu keep oph the
cold, ride ldm with an umbrel liighsted, and
learn hiz opinyun ov theze tilings.
Twelve. Prospekt his wind, sarch dili
gently for the heaves, ask if he bra roarer,
and don't be afraid tu find out if he iz a
whistler.
Thirteen. Be sure that he aint a krib-
biter, aint balky, aint a weaver, and don't
pull at the lialter.
Iheze are a lew simple things tu be look
ed at in buying a good family hoss: there iz
a grate menny other things tu be looked at
(at yure Ieizure) alter you have bought
him.
Good horses are skarse, and good men,
that deal in any kind ov bosses, are skarser.
Ask a man all about his-wife, and he may
tell you; examine Mm cluss for a Sundays
school teacher, and find him all on the'
square; send lum tu the iNew iorK Legis
lature, and rejoice that money won't buy
him lend him seven hundred dollars in
the highway without a' witness or note
even swop dorgs with liim with perfect im
punity but wlien you buy a good family
hoss ov him, young, sound and trow, watch
the man cluss, and make up your mind be;
sides that you will hrve to ask tho Lord tu
forgive him.
"ln honest man tz the nouiati icork: at
God." this tamous saying waz written, in
great anguish of heart, by the late Alexan
der Pope just after buying a good Jamily
hoss.
Somebody lias utilized pet and other
names thus: For a printer's wife, Em; for
a sport's wife, Bet-ty; for a lawyer's wife,
Sue; for a teamster's wife, Carrie; for a
hsherman's wile, .Nettie or Aiinmc; lor a
shoe-maker's wife, Peggy; for a carpet
man's wife, MaKic; for an auctioneer's
wife, Bid-Uy; for a chemist's Jwife, Ann
Eliza; for an engineer's wife, Bridge it; fog
a wit's wife, Sally; for a wig-maker's wife,
Harriet; for a debtor's wife, Grace; for a
florist's wife, Lillie; for a real estate agent's
wife, Lot-tie; for a poultry dealer's wife,
Hen-rietta: for a mathematician's wife,
Ad-die; for a mat-raisers wife, annie;
and for persons in want of a wife, Mary.
A cotemporary tells of an undertaker who
in his enthusiasm for his business always
identified himself with it. He is called in a
hurry, and his coffin happens to be a little
short, ""We will settle," he cries, "during
the night so as to lit the coffin; It is aston
ishing how we settle sometimes; we liave
been known to settle three inches in a
single nightP' Tlie .same man was given to
dallying lovingly with his subjects,
and was proud when thoy looked
well. Once he said, "Don't we look nat
ural? This neckcloth needs a littlo fixhtg,
and well do." And another time, "VTi
our friends be kind enough to take a last
look at us?" And on another occasion, on.
receiving a body from a distance, he said,
"Here wc are, eleven days from New Or
leans, and sweet as a nut!"
A writer who lately met Mrs. Lucinda H.
Stone, who is traveling in Europe with Iver
school of twenty-six young ladies, has much
to say about tho "American beauties,' as
he calls tfcem..' Jle thinks if Mrs. Stonftgets.
safely back with them all site will be a lucky
woman. She- Is quick and vigilant, but he
neV-t-wTial; can one noor woman do with a
bcyyjofiyoung girjs, who arenas playful as 1
kittens, as full of frolic, and as careless of
consequences.
UTEW SERIES-NO. 974.,
iXjS, TENTS',
OP
A VERY LARGE STOCK OF'
DRY GOODS, i0TI0KSr ETC.,
EVANS, FITE, PORTER., CO
GOODRICH.
J M. SPURLOCK.
AND COTTON MOTORS,
Manning's Whtjlty and Annis Sheetings.
South College Street,
uwuu v uoerai patronage
INSURANCE.
IX
RELIABLE COMPANIES.
EQUITABLE
FIRI INSURANCE CO,,
OF
NASHVILLE, TENN.
Authorized Capital, 1,000,000
Subscribed do. over 600,000
PRESIDENT:
W. BERRY.
w.
9
OF BERRr, DEJIOV1LLE CO.
VICE-PKSIDEJT:
JOHN PORTERPIELD,
CASHIER FOURTH NATIONAL BANK.
SECRETARY
WILLIAM A. WEBB.
POLICIES
ox
Dwelling nonses, Manufactories.
mm, stores ana .uercnan
dlse or Every De
scription, AG- A TIfST
Loss or Damage by Fire.
PC 10 tf Spl.'tp
The Hop Last Alght.
t-oncordia was ablaze with the vonthfnl
and lovaly last night in attendance upon the
grand ball given by the Philomathean Lit
erary oocieiy, composed ot some or our
best young German friends. While the at
tendance was not so large as might have
been expected, it was quite select. Alto
gether the ball was a recherche tribute to
lerpsiehore, and was worthy tlie efforts of
such gentlemen as Messrs. Buddeke, Kuhn
and others who wore tlie ribbons and con
ducted the evening's entertainment in such
a manner so pleasant and satisfactory to
those present.
Houston County,
We understand tliat the new mimtr nf
jiousion is aoout to get into trouble. This
county is composed of fractions of Stewart.
Humphreys and Dickson; and being loca-
icu in me remote corners ot large counties
is a great convenience to the citizens of that
section. The counties of Stewart and
Humphreys liave filed bills of injunction
against Houston Humphreys alleging that
the line of the new county runs within
eleven miles of Waverly, her county seat,
and Stewart claims that she lias been re
duced below her constitutional number of
square miles. Messsrs. Scarbrough
and Brandon, members of tho
present Legislature, are attornevs for
Stewart county and Capt. H. M. McAdo
for Humphreys. CoL James E. Bailey,
non. John F. House and Gen.W. J. Broad
dus, have been employed to defend Hous
ton county. We arc unable to state wliat
wiil be the probable residt, as regards tlie
future of the new countv whose citizens
have displayed enterprise and public spirit
by voting a tax to build a courthouse at
Arlington, the county seat. This, in view
of the surroundings, seems to imply that
the denizens of Houston are not afraid of
the consequences of the suits instituted bv
Stewart and Humphreys who also act as if
determined to conquer or to tlie.
Unl (oil States Circuit Court.
In this Court yesterday, Judge Trigg pre
siding, the criminal docket was called over,
and the following (all whisky) cases dis
posed of:
FOIt ILLICIT D1ST1LL1XO.
Umted States vs. B. P. Sullivan, nolle
prvseipti entered.
United totatcs vs. Connater. forfeiture
taken.
United States vs. T. E. Brown, pardoned.
United States vs. Calvin Clouse. for
feiture.
United States vs. N. F. Hood, forfeiture.
United States vs. E. A. Tarwater. for
feiture.
United States vs. John Keid, acquitted.
United States vs. V. W. Smith, of Mont
gomery, one day in jail and $.")0 fine.
United States vs. John O'Brien, $50 fine.
Forfeitures were taken against Samuel F.
Williams, John Xewton, Henry Adams and
L. C. Stowc, the cliarges against them be
ing a failure to comply with the special
tax. Several rajiiaies were returned execu
ted, many parties admitted to bail and cases
continued by consent. The court adjourned
to meet at 9 o'clock to-day, at wliich time,
as announced yesterday, the criminal docket
will be called the second time and the cases
wilt be positively tried or continued as
reached. This is by order of Judge Trigg and
attorneys and suitors, would do well to be on
hand.
An Iinmismut.
Mr Hall and family, from .Alleghanv
county,Mcli5gan, arrived hi the. city yester
day with a view of settling somewhere in
our State. Hr. nail informs, us that a large
number of persons In Michigat desire to
locate in Tennessee, and otdy await satis
factory information concerning the country
and laws-
Edwakd H. Stillytell, aged 11, a son
of Rev. It. H. Still well, of Rome. Ga.. com
mitted sukidd near that city on thenoth
J 1. .1 i r- -r?
uugug uiiiisvii, wiu a very smu
cord irom the limb of a. peach tree- It is I
considered dorihtfnl wWtKpr lie Intended I
to kill nimsehf
..J
Common Abilities Lie-abilities
iOi A MT if H Ax) O y
OP1
Axn
GOODS,
34MertirSgmBer Street,
Mttslttess Suits,
Dress Suits,
The Promenade, Unit,
The Pea Jacket Suit,
TheJTetviHarket Suit,
Dress CBats Y
Freck Caats,
.Iteming- Coats J
Evening C&mt a,
ELEGAUT" LINES OF
English and French Casslwere
and Black Doeskin
8TVIJ8H CUT AJTD XAE ETTALTd
AXY CTirrOM WORK.
Fall Overcoats!
'IX GREATARIETT.
BOYS' WEAR!
Boys'1 School Suits,
Boys' Dress Suits,
Boys' Ilcirrstrd Suits,
Children's
upward.
Suits, three years and
Youths' Dress Suits,
Youths' Promenade Suits,
&HXRTS! SIO0BTS!!
Dress and Business Shirts,
&n"ioi smns.
NOBBY NECK WEAR
CARRIAGE ROBES,
TRIMS, TREVES, TRMELRG BAGS.
34 Tforlli Summer St.
cpSS till jan9Z sp lztp
WHOLESALE CLOTHING.
THE
GLOWING TRADE.
We have jmt opened a
larger Stock of Beady-made
Goods, adapted to the early
Fall and Winter wear of the
Southwest, than ever tiefore,
which we will sell to mer
chants only) at the very
LO WEST EASTERN
PRICES, and we earnestly
invite buyers to call and ex
amine our Stock.
Particidar attention is call
ed to our New Styles ef Suits.
TJiese Goods have been con
ceded by all who have exam
ined them, superiority in
make, color and finish, and
will satisfy any one that, at
the prices at which we offer
them, they ar& the cheapest,
fart of any in this market.
A full line of Beaver O.
Coats and Gum Clothing on
sale. Orders carefullu filled.
B0L1VAE H. COOKE Co.,
N-aSHVILIiE, HENS.
B. H. COOKE,
J. P. WHITE.
Warerooms No. 70 Picblic
Square.
Mpiotr
INSURANCE.
ARE YOU INSURED?
IF X0T, WHY NOT?
HEAD THE ADVERTISEMENT OF THE
qfritaMc Fire Ins. Ce.
OF NASIXYIXIjE.
Oct 10 tf
Is the October number of the Missionary
Herald, Rev. Mr. Cuiick, of Japan, and of
the. American Board of Commissioners of
Foreign Missions, gives statements of recent
occurrences in Japan which reveal a feeling
of hostility on the part of the government
toward Christianity In any form, a determ
ination to prevent its propagation, with a
readiuess to persecute, perhaps unto death,
any who may embrace or favor It much
more-decided than has been 'supposed to
ax bit, ami which unless speedily arrested
or controlled must greatly embarrass, if not
stop all missionaay efforts In that land.
Afteis the great fire in lndon, in Sep
tember, 1656", a memorial monument1, which
still stands, was set up in that city. The
monument bears, among other Inscriptions,
the" following words: "At three yira' time
the world saw that finished which was sup
posed to be the business 6fan age." If this
was said of London two centuries ago,
what would be said of Chicago, now? An
other iiiscriron.Vwhich ascribed the. fire to
a Popish "plotTortotlrpatlngye Protestant
a Popish "wotiorexnrpaiingye rroiesiant
roMMan and oldiinEhsfi liberty, and ye kl-
t troduong ropery ana iiaveiy, was ouuier-
ated by tne oruer oi ine Jjonuon common
Council in 1831.
4
Ad-
it.
.CO.