OLAHKE COU1UEK.
JOHN O. CROWN,
EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.
Tub Clark* Coi'rier la published weekly at
t»MK DOLLAR AND TWBNTT-riV* CENTS, advanct/
when not paid In advance, two dollars and fifty
cents will bo invariably charged.
Advertisements will bo Inserted at the rate of
Ohs DuUar and Fifty Cent* por square (ten lines)
fjr throe inset tions, and Fifty Cents per square
for each additional insertion. Advertisements in
serted by the half-year or year at less rates.
Advei tiseinents not marked for a specified time,
will be continued till forbid, (tf) and charged for
as transient advertisements.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS
Wm. C. Morgan,
Edward E. Cooke, j
Andrew E. Kennedy,)
MORGAN, COOKE KENNEDY
ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
BERRYVILLE, VA.
Office— Griffith's corner building, up stairs.
juncl ly
BICUtRD PARK Ell. MARSHALL M’CORHICK.
PARKER MCCORMICK,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
Office—At the Oreen^IIousc, Berryville, Clarke
county, Va.
Will practice in tlio courts of Clarke, Jefferson
and Warren,
may 25
CARTER M. LOU THAN,
ATTORNEY NT LAW,
BERRYVILLE, VA.
^^flf-L practice in the Couits IClarke and nd
joining counties.
Office on Church street above Mr. Griflilli's
•tore. I Aug. 31-tf.
W. W. ARNETT. A. MOORE, JR.
ARNETT MOORE,
Attorneys a. t I-. ti w,
BERRYVILLE, VIRGINIA,
I¥AVING entered into a partnership for
tiie pmpose, will practico in tlie Courts
of Clarke and adjoining counties, in the Su
premo Court of Appeals of Virginia, and in
tlio Federal Courts at Richmond' Oilier, the
same occupied by \V. W. Arnett1
February 9, 1870-1f.
I>. IIOLME8 MttGUllilO.
ATTORNEY AT LAW,
AS It
Commissioner in Cliancory
BERRYVILLE, VA.,
WILL practice in the Courts of Clarke and
adjoining counties.
Ofkick—Corner Main and Church strrets,
up stairs. [Feh 2, '70-tf
THOS. M. ISIJELL,
Attorney at Law,
WILL practice in the Courts of Clarke
County, Va., and attend to professional
Ynisinens. (out of C'ourt,) in Jefferson county,
Vest Virginia.
Address, Rippon, Jefferson county, W. Va.
May 26, 1369-1 y.
IT. L. HOYCE,
(LATE OF SAINT LOUIS, MISSOURI,)
Attornov at Is a w
WILL practice in tin; Courts of Frederick, Clarke,
Warren, Shenandoah, Jetl’crsnn ami Berkeley.
lie will also prosecute Claims against the Go
vernment.
OFFICE—In Winchester, Market Street. 2 doors
South oi l’icudilly. [Feb. ill, ’G!>.
11 [C1I AIM PA UK UP,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
Will practico in the Coi rt of Appeals and in
the Federal Court?. [nuftS
Samuel J. C. Mooui:.] [Samuel CcCohmick.
3Iooi'e Ac AlcCorniiuli*
ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
BtCKKY VIliisC, ri,ARKK COT Vi Y. VA.
Office—That heretofore occupied by fin til
Moore. Will practice in the Courts of Clarke,
Frederick and Warren Counties, ami in Jefierson
•County, Virginia. [nug'J
H. 1’. NOLAN 0. [J. H. A LEX AN OKU.
Noland Jc AloxtuHlcr,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW,
MIDDLEBUUO, LOUDOUN COUNTY, VA.
Will practice in the Courts of Loudoun, Fau
quier, and adjoining counties.
Nov. Iti.-tf.
J)ll- FULLER
DK1NTI8T.
\V I selll.ST KH, V 1 lili IN 1 A.
OFrier ami residence Four Doors West of
tho K|)is'jopiil Church. Water Street.
General .or local Ana-'ie-ia r i u i 15 eil by
Kitrotis Oxide or Xat-. >..rny in all pain
ful operations. [fob 19-t f.
“Teeth Extracted Without rain.”
Dr. G. II. FKIKCK,
IIE NT 1ST,
XV INCH F. S T F 11 VA.
Will extract teeth without any pain whato-vor.—
Teeth inserted from one to an entire set; and all
operations in the province of dentistry performed
on the most careful and best manner, and guaran
teed to give satisfaction in all cases; prices moder
ate.
Offick—On Main St., opposite Masonic Temple.
*nart) ly
TIIOS. G. l GAGt;,
Houses Sign and Ornamental
PAIiXCKH,
AND
PAP Ell HANGEU.
F.RRYV1LLK, CLARKE COUNTY, VA.,
PKKI’ECTFULLY informs the citizens of the
town and vicinity that he is prepared to do
Ml kinds of work is th’sabove branches of business
■with dispatch and in a workmanlike manner, at
the shortest notice1. Terms, cheap for cash. A
■chare of pdtromigo ia solicited. Work warranted
apr. 9, lh70-ly.
"tiie union hotel,
I3UKHYV1LLK, CLAKKK COUNTY, YA.
WHEAT &arsOVElt.
r it o 1’ it i e t o it s.
This Hotel has been thoroughly renovated and
fitted up for the comfort of guests. The services
of an excellent House keeper have been secured,
whose attention to the duties of this department
will he unremitting, and who will exercise u prop
er supervision over the culinary department.
The TAltLE will be well supplied with every
thing the market adorns, and polite servants will
be in readiness to wait upon you.
Tho It A It contains a variety of choice Wines,
Liquors, Ac. [aprti tf
EE ASSURED,
That Death and Fire eoinc like a
thief at night.
II. C. TAYLOIt, Agent
FOR
New York Equitable Life Insurance Company.
Merchants and Mechanics Fire Insurance Co., of
Baltimore, Md.
Loudoun Mutual Fire Insurances Company of
Loudoun county, Va.
Georgia Homo Fire Insurance Company of Co
lumbus, Ga.
Will be found in his ollice, nt tho old Harford
Hotel property, near the corner, ou Wednesdays
and Saturdays
«pr?01
YOL. III.
BERRYVILLE, YA., OCTOBER 19, 1671.
NO. 35.
TEAIW.
*V FATIIKIl KYAM.
Tears thnt trickle down otir eves,
They do not tall to earth and dry;
Tin y soar like angola to the skies,
_ And, like the angels, cannot die.
For oh, our immortality
Founds through each year—soundsin each sigh
V hat waves of tears surge o’er the deep
Of sorrows in our restless souls 1
And the)' ate strong, not weak, who weep,
1 hose drops, from out the sea that rolls
vV ithin their hearts forever more;
W ithiu a depth— n idioa t a shore.
lint a i, the tears that are not wept—
The tears that never outward fall
The tears that grief for rears has kept
W ithiu us—they are hest of all
The tears our eyes shall never know
Are deeper than the tears that liow.
I.aeh night, upon earth’s (lowers below,
'1 he dew comes down from darkest skies;
And every night our tears of woo
Oa up, like flews, to Paradise;
To keep iti bloom, and make more fair
The flowers of crowns we yet shall wear.
For ah the surest way to God
Is tip the lonely stream of tears
That flow, when heeding ’neath His rod,
And till the the tide ot our past years,
On laughter’s billows hearts are tossed—
On waves of tears no heart is lost.
Flow on, ye tears! and bear me borne!
Flow on, ye waves of deeper woe I
Flow on, ye tears, that are out foam
(•('deeper waves that will not (low 1
A litth; wliih—1 reach the shore
Where tears flow not—forever more.
The Great Fire in Chicago.
J'arliculars, Innilenls, See.
The following is a report of the fire nn.l its
incidents, specially described for the Associa
ted l’tess those who witnessed and fought
the flames throughout:
Late on Sunday evening a hoy went into a
stable on lie Koven street, near the river, on
the west side, to milk a cow, carrying with
him a kerosene lamp.
This was kicked over bv the cow, and the
burning fluid scattered among the straw. This
was the beginning of the great fire. A sin
gle extinguisher on the ground, or active work
by the police in tearing down one or two shan
ties, would have prevented the spreading of
the flatties; hut the engines were waited for,
and when they arrived,
Hit: I-'! It KM KN', RTFI’EFIF.D
by their exertions at the first lire, on Saturday
night, worked slowly and clumsily. Their ef
forts were unavailing. The wind blew a gale
from the southwest.
l’apidly the flames shot from house to
house, ami fr< m hoard yard to hoard yard,
having meanwhile crossed the river north of
L'wclft h street to the south side, and made for
the brick and stone business blocks, the rail
road fri ight depots and mannfaettiiing estab
lishments. The full extent of the danger was
now realized for the first time.
The lire department, already tired out.
worked like heroes, and the mayor and city
government, that had supinely rested, now
began to exert tlminselves, but the opportu
nity had been lost.
a i.ost ouponTFNrrv.
The time when thorough organization could
have blown tip the buildings or prepared for
emergency was neglected, and it was now a
fight f i life.
The wind blowing a stiff gale had posses
sion f tha flames, and the beautiful btiild
i gs, Chicago’s Glory, lay before them. Har
rison, Van llttrcu, Adams, Monroe and Mad
ison st roots .were soon reached, the intervening
blocks from the river to Dearborn street on
the east being consumed. Three-quarters of
a mile of brick blocks were consumed as il
by magic.
TNONxlors VICTIMS.
It being Sunday, {>r.•{>iinters ami employ
ees weie at homo utterly unconscious of what
was taking place. Those who saw the flames
supposed it was the remains of Saturday
night’s tire, and haviig confidence in the fire
department, were iinc-once-rned, hut he-tween
eleven a.el twelve o'clock a rumor got airmail
that the lire was in the business portion of the
city.
Then the people commenced moving. Hor
ses were brought into requisition to take pro
prietois and others to the conflagration What
a scene met their gaze! "|')i« board of trade,
court house, Western Union Telegraph and
Associated l’ress olliee, and hundreds of other
buildings were all in flames.
Ti e air was H11 oil with live coals, which
were hurled to north and east a besom of de
struction. Fire engines were powerless for
saving. All that men could do was to blow
up buildings, but this availed but little.
The Times, Tribune, Post, Republican,
Journal, and other newspaper ofliecs. West
ern News Company, Black, Field Leitter’s
establishment, the Drake block, recently built,
and Farwell Co’s., all were soon in ashes.
QUICK DUSTBUCTIOV.
It seemed that no sooner had the flame
struck a wall than it went directly through,
and a very few minutes sufficed to destroy the
most elaborate built structures. The walls
melted and tho very bricks wore consumed.
The wooden pavements took fire, making a
continuous sheet of flame two miles long by a
mile wide. No human being could possibly
survive many minutes. Block after block
fell, and red-hot coals shot higher and higher,
and spread further and further, until the
north side was a vast sheet of flame, from riv
er to lake. At ono time it so hemmed tho
people that it was expected thousands must
perish. Tho Sherman, Tremimt and other
hotels wero emptied of their guests.
A UK.MAItKAm.K SIGHT
was presented in tho hurrying throngs, with
trunks, sacks or bags on their shoulders, flee
ing amid the flames for their lives. Those who
could made for the surrounding bridges; oth
ers got next to the lake shore and to tho
south. Ono block in all the vast business sec
ti'in remained at daylight, viz: ttio Tribune
block. Thu custom house and Honors blocks,
in Dearborn street, bail burned, and those
who fought tho flames hero thought at least
this block could bo saved. A patrol of men,
under Samuel Modill, swept nil live coals and
put out the flames inside tho walls, and anoth
er lot of men tinder the direction of lion. Jo
seph Modill, watch'd the roofs. At half-past
seven o'clock this appeared safe, and most of
the men went to fp t rest arid food, A num
ber went to sleep in the Tribune building
lb t tic re was a change of tho wind.
The II ones reached Wabash avenue, State
street and Michigan avenue. Soon after Me
Vickcr's theatre caught fne. In a few mo
ments the Tribune building was in flames,;
and at the hist moment the sleeping men I
were aroused and rescued from the flames.
l’>y 10 o’clock in the foicnoou this remaining
block was in ashes.
FLIGHT OF TIIK PFtoPLK.
Now v:ns to he seen the most remarkable
sight ever beheld in this or any country.
There were from 00.000 to 70.000 ur n, wo
men and children fleeing by every available
street and alley to tho southward an 1 west- j
ward, attempting to save their clothing and
their lives.
Every vailahle vehicle was brought into re
quisition fir use, for which enormous prices
were paid, and tho streets and sidewalks pre-
sented a fearful sight. Thousands of per-
sons and horses, inextricably commingled; i
poor people, of all colors, shades and every
nationality, from Europe, China an 1 Africa,
mad with excitement, struggled with each
other to get away.
sci:nks or ntsTUEss and disthaction.
Hundreds were tiauiplcd underfoot, men and
women loaded with bundles and tic ir house
hold. goo is, to whose skirts were clinging fen
der infants, half dressed and barefooted, all
seeking places of safty. Ilottrs after they
might have been seen in vacant lots, or on the
streets fir out in the suburbs, stretched in the
dust. These are tho suffering lambs whom
Christ calls on the r eh world to feed and
clothe. God help them, if the heart of m in
should prove obdurate. One of toe m ist pit
iful sights was that of a middle-aged woman,
on State street, loaded with bundles, snug
gling through a crowd singing the Mother
Goose melody, ‘Chicktry, ohickcry, cranerv
crow, 1 vent t i the well to wash my toe,"
A"c. There were hundreds of others likewise
distracted, and many made desperate by whis
ky, which, from ex ess of thirst, they drank,
in tiie absence of water, in great quantities,
who spread themselves in every oirectim, a
terror to ail they met. It is fearful to think
of tho
less of LIFE.
ft is conjectured, with good cuts?, that near
five hundred have been burned to death. We
saw f e;r to n enter a burning building, and
in a moment, they were overwhelmed by a
falling wall. There was a crowd of men
around the corner of a building, trying to save
property, whin, the wall yielding, the whole
I of them were buried beneath it. About l'J
j or 15 men, women ami ehihlrcn rushed into
j the building of the Historical Society, a llrc
i pr ''('building. for safety. In a few minutes
the ll lines burs' tip an 1 they were bnrm 1 to
death. Am nig those who took refuge in this
j huihling was t he venet able Col. Sain'i. Stone,
Si) years ol age, John Gerard ami wife, am.
Mine. 1> p"!grovc, a noted teacher of music,
j Mrs. H,is ill, whose hush.iml was murdered
last week, am] who was sulk i ing from illness
i is slipp* .vs! to he,vo peii.-heii, a< she Was car
j ried i" a building that was afterwards cou
suined. All the books and papers of the I!:s
1 torical S a'iety were destroyed. It is feared
that a large number i f children, inmates of
j tiie Catholic Orphan Asylum, on State street,
were also hunted, as many of them are miss
i ing. On C iicago avenue a father rushed up
t stairs to carry three chihlia n away, when he
i w as overtaki n by the dailies ami perished w itii
them. Tiie mother, who escaped, is now a
maniac. In the same neighborhood a family
i of five persons perished. The list of fatalities
is very long, ami can only he fully vciilied
1 after the smoke shall have cleared aw av.
'1 here arc two hundred families on that side
who saved tio clothing, hut barely their lives,
lint cikk I’Nintit ointkoi,.
Chicago, O-. t. 10, noon.—The tire continued
1 to bin u all last night on the north side, but
ibis morning is under control
It is literally true, to say there, is nothing
remaining of that side from the river math to
j Lincoln Park on the nor111, ami from the north
brunch of the river, on tiie west, to the lake,
mi the east.
This portion of the city, except along the
main river, where there were business blocks,
was occupied by dwellings. Two-thirds of
the population of this district were Get man
am! Scandinavian. These people are now
homeless. Some of them arc in frame build
ings, and others in the prairiw ithout shelter.
KIX AT J.AsT.
Throughout the day a renewal of the fire
on the west side was looked for, and a change
of five degrees in the direction of the wind at
j any time w ould have led to that result. There
would then have been no refuge for any one.
The people all had their clothing packed,
ready at any moment to start for the prairies.
But God averted this last possible addition to
our disaster. At sundown the wind lulled,
and at 0 o'clock this morning the raiu so fer
vently prayed for came.
It did not rain long, but the roofs of the
houses and the ground have been wet, so that
now it is possible to have fires and rook food
for the multitude. A meeting of eiti/.etis was
held in the First Congregational Church, in 1
West Washington street, which was coutiu
lied throughout the night. Measures were
concerted to protect whut property was left
and to provide for the homeless.
INCENDIARIES hangf.d.
Fifteen hundred citizens were sworn in last
night as an extra police force, and the Side-
tary of War authorized Gen. Sheridau to em- j
ploy nil available troops for guard, and to is- 1
sue an order for 100,000 rations. Five hun
dred soldiers are on duty.
Two men caught in the act of firing houses
on the west, side, were arrested and immedi- j
ately hanged to lamp-posts—one on Twelfth 1
street, near the river, and the other three
mills away, ou Clay home avenue, north side. J
I his summary action has checked thieves and
murderers.
CONFIDENCE RESTORIP.
I he arrival of fiiemcn nr.d engines from
Milwaukee, St. Louis, and other cities has ap
parently re.-tored confidence. A Cincinnati
train arrived this morning with three engines
from that city and ouo from Dayton. i
An ingenious theft was committed in Tar- j
is lately at the expense of a jeweler of that
city. A well-dressed man, decorated, and j
having the appearance of a gentleman, enter-
cd tl,is jeweler’s store in the Due Itoyale and
a-l'.e,] ti, Le shown some of his most valuable I
diamond rings, saying that the desired to pre-
sent it to M. Jules Favre.
fine was shown him of a value of several
thousmd francs, with which he ixprecsei
hitnsclt satisfied, lie was then about to pav
for it, when lie suddenly discovered that he
had “forgotten Ins p cketbook at home.
Tills, however, was a hide which c u'd easily
he remedic Would the jeweler kindly take
she box containing the ring to M. Favre’s res
ilence, and say that it is sent by one of his
I admirers? Certainly. Then the gentleman
handed the jeweler Iris card—-a hands' me af
fair wi111 a coat-uf-arnis, and with the gentle
man’s address upon it—and begged the sh p
j man to call at his residence and receive his
j money. Then ire left, and the jeweler took
i he box to M. Favre’s house. M. Favro was
absent, and the box was given to a servant.
I Front M. Favre’s he wont to find the eu u.
i c. s residence. Cl" course lie was unsuccessful
in 1 is search, and tin n, suspecting a tri k, he
hurried back to M. Favre's residence, to learn
ti'oni lire servant that immediately after his
ib-parturc a stranger, having the appearance
of a clerk, had called for the h. x, saving that
it was sent to the house of M. Favre bv mis
take. The ring was given to the swindler,
who theroup m to. it his departure.
1 he Carpet-daggers on the Down
Grade-—The Springfield (Mass.) Iiejitillican,
I 11 adieu!, adds its kick to tint, if Gree’uv
against the carpet-baggers —There is pith,
point and sense in what it says. Jt siys
“They (the carpet-baggers) are d dog he. re
iia-m to the country to-day than thelocu-tor
I caterpillar, ir any other kindred pist They
are tea- hit-.g the less intelligent and Jisrrimi
j mating Southerners ta despiso and h ite the
Northern pe. ple more heartily tlian ever;
they are- ih lunching 11 r• freedmen; they are
bringing disgrace upon the great Republican
I party and upon (lie X .'ion-.1 government.-—
Id.at their r.ipacity is insatiable, aud that thei
steal every penny tlii-y can lay their foul
hands on, are compar.Uive’v trival c uu.ts in
j the indictment against them. Vet this con
stant plumb i ing is i very soil tis matter t
iho f.■mmunitiis which are plundtred. It
means increased iinlebteilni-ss and heavier
tax ,ti.III. it IS just such r.scanty tiiat is
i making thi- u ime ul Kepi;! I:can a great stench
in the S utlu-rn ?s- ites, and bringing suspi
i-nui ami e: m-.ty up m the honest lu.m-grant-.
And m is will ii it mend much so 1. r-.g as
i needy and gnu dy adventunrs are appointed
to responsible Feiier.il lliees, and felh wsl.ip
pel »y Northern Kepuhlicruis ots the floor of
Congress.
I Tassiso ok -nil-: liuiKhuu.Kisr.—Mr. Sp'.’l
man I)jii't married a second wile. Oa the
il»iv alter tin* woUi'ilt Mr. S. retuarke 1:
“I inten-1, Mrs. SjM’aiian, to enlarge my
j ’li 1 "V
aii mean cur uairy, my dear," replied
Mrs. Spillman.
"No,'' quoth Mr. Spillman, "I intend to
enlarge my daiiy;"
"S iv our dairy, Mr. Spillman.”
“No. tny d dry.”
Say our dairy, say our-screamed
slie, seiz:no the poker.
"My d.,ir\! tny dairy!" yelled the tishand.
"Cu: -lain! our dairy! screeched the wife,
etnpi asizing each word with a blew on the
l ack of her ci i n g i n g spoum*.
Mr. Spillman rotrcated under the bed. In
passing under tiie bed clothes his hat was
brushed oil’, lie remained under cover I T
several minutes, waiting for a lull in the
storm. At last his wife saw him thrusting
his head out at the foot of the bed, much like
a turtlc Iron, its shell.
"W hat are you looking for'.1'' exclaimed the
lady.
"I am looking for our hat, my dear,” said
he.
A colored witness was examined in a
ashingion city Court, to prove the identity
of a white man, the other day.
I' stiict Attorney—Did you sea the man
1 es sir, 1 seed him
as lie a wkite man V
‘Don’t know sir
District Attorney—‘Do you tell me you
I saw the mau and can't say whether he was
white or black V'
j ‘Yes sar, L seed him, but dares so many
white lellers cabin dcinselves ‘niggers’ round
j here I can t tell one from tod'er
1 it ness dismissed—explanation satisfae
1 tery.
Tho Interior of tho Earth—-Curious
Revelations of Scieneo.
Among the various papers read before the
British Scientific Association was a report
from the Tidal Committee of the society. This
paper contained a Dumber of curious arid in
teresting speculations with regard to the de
gree of elastic yielding which the solid eartli
experiences under the tide-generating influen
ces of the sun and moon. It is quite certain
the solid earth dues yield to some extent. It
has long been a favorite assumption with ge
ologists that tho earth consists of a shell of
solid rock from twenty to fifty miles in thick
ness, enclosing an interior filled with melted
material, lava, metals, etc. This hypothesis
is now shown tu he absolutely untenable, be
cause, if it were true, the whole crust would
yield with almost as much freedom on account
of its thinness and the great area, as if it were
perfectly liquid. Thus the boundary of the
solid earth would rite and fall tinder the tide-
generating influences, so as to leave no sena'i- j
bio diflerenets to be marked by the water ris-
ing and falling relatively to the solid; showing I
that if the earth as a whole had an average I
degree of rigidity equal to that of g'ass, the
tides would be very much diminished from j
the magnitude which they would possess on
a perfectly rigid globe, with water like that of j
our seas upon it. This consideration, commit-
tee reports, makes it probable that the eaith I
has considerable average rigidity than a globe j
of g'ass of tho same size. Tho mathematical 1
calculation shows a somewhat startling result,
to the fleet that a globe of the same size as
the earth, if throughout exactly of the same
rigid,ty as glass on a smaller scale, would
yield like an India rubber ball to tho tide
generating influences, thus leaving very little
opp >rtunity f r change in the relative heights
of water and land. The piecise agreement of
j the actual tidal movement with estimates
j foiinde 1 on the supp sitiou of a perfectly rigid
I gljbe, renders it probable that the earth is in
j reality more rigid as a whole than any sncci
mcns i.i surface roc;; that Lai been txueri
i meuted upon in laboratories. Dr. Soule, ten
I years ago in speaking upon this subject had
suggested that probably the great pressure in
the interior produced in the material, which
might be of the same substance as surface
recks, a greatly increased rigidity in positions
I at great depths below tko surface, This p irt
j ot the enquiry the Committee propose to make i
j a piiruiry object i:: the calculation next to be 1
undertaken.
The g-ast Iling of Ireland,
Roderic O'Conner, of the ancient lino of
i Connaught, was the last king rvho sat on the
i throne of Celtic Ireland. 1 lis character and
exploits are painted with ire flattering hand
j by the monkish writers, or late historians.
who l ave writ'.! n in t! e interest of the R.
j man hurch. All the crimes ana woes f a
1 fatal 111 lip us arc attributed to the unhappy
king who ventured to strike a last b!
fir
l the freedom of Ireland, wins resisted with ob
J ilurate p itii t.stn the steel-clad l-ginns of the
p >pe and Ileury il.. and who more than once
seems to have been on the eve of a final tri
uiiipi it is said that Roderic was thiowniu
'chains by ids father, who fared his savage
t-mper, that ho put out the eyes of Ids two
brut! is. ami tiiat l:e wusti 1 in civil feu !s the
i threes that should have been turned ugliest
i ii e ice. lie yams, indeed, to have wanted
pro letive. at. 1 too often have been deceived
ly the treacherous arts of l.V.-rm >t ami the
prie'ts. Yet one can net avoid reviewing
with s'. :h:m hv the story of the unh.ipov
tuonat wh ..-c ks irtrotis r ign was at least
I marked ly a sincere patriotism, and whose
misf i tnn>-s were i■ ’v r mi rite 1 bv his tre.ieh
t ry or i.ts scrv; e (ear. Amidst his savage
I wilds and at ecstra! hills the OVoP.t er, terri
fied by dangers, assailed by the m->>t
p nvi I,' men ir ds ,.f the age, exposed to the
i anatl to if the I: rhati Church, surrounded
by tr.s.t at.d scarcely safe ft, !n the iu
j trigucs of i is nwa s uis or Ids atnbiti ms ij
vnls, still maintained a spiiit loot, unworthy
1 of ti. it h. g due vf pitrlotic chi' s of whom
he was do.-.1 in 1 to be .tlie lsst; and it is a
graceful tr\i: in the character of 11 hu ic that
lie sti ve once tu 're to revive, by lilieral cu
ll wini': ts, tue taineiis c t go of Arm igo, ns
11 eon>.■:o'as iat 1 iv.a;:d e- u o. v n<>pt.
secioe us treedetii by a general euucatioi
j its peo| e.
j. Ft.AIN Sl’KAKINli-li-llry Ward Beecher
said, in ,i rivent discourse:—••Think y.m t!..it
these >:x nr save:-. on uh tn the New Y -rl;
Tin e s a\e fell, are ab ive aii '.:i New
Y ak. tLanehter 1 t. you nav. If aii
n tii :t I. ive been <»ni ry I trail i- in X, w
York, were t Lave a tower fail i-u them. there
w. n b be funerals enough lor t;!';v vears
11-iiinjiter.) M n are thouiti.t to be rop'Vta
i'ie men, when they have beano.1 up tn-uiov
1 by tbe m ‘st d.sieputable means in banks, in
bn Lor s tliees, r.i.iw iys. Is it ritfht in such
a I'nmi; unity as ibis to beat down these men
as if they ak<nc were culpable. What have
they iLmeStolen V So have you. I.N 1
S i have you. False to their oaths So are
you. (I.auohter).”
11 t.Kc.u. 1 momr.Taxi'oi.i.i.ctions.—Noth
ing has as yet been ibm.e toward allowing
Slate ollieers their uv nev as a refund of ti e
tax on thirir saianes, said, tax b.oiv declared
unconstitutional by the lT-b"d S* ite< Su
piei,to Court. The proper accounting officers
of l be Treasury J'ep.u tineut. however, e
tinue to I'd on with tb.e settlement of these
cases, and ifet them in readiness for payment.
Secretary Bout well hes'tates in allowing tb.e
payment of any of them, for their final settle
ment will invilvj millions of dollars.—.l.'uv
i andrt.i Fit (?ittvhv.
1 The l’ittsburg Gar.eite is pained because
there are rebel office's who are lighting Grant
with their p-ms. The Gazette, like many
ether lb-publican papers, forgets that the
tight used to be steel against steel, and that
t now it is steel against steal.—Courter-Jour
i nal
J -l.Ll.'iL ■_!
CLARKE COURIER.
JOB WORK OF ALL KINDS,
SUCH AS
POSTERS,
SALE BILLS,
CIRCULARS,
cards,
BLANKS, &c.p
executed promptly aud neatly, und at fair
price3.
ftST" JOB WORK must be paid for upon
delivery,
———i—paiai ^carmiwmsemfM wrme*emm
Strasburg; Cathedral.
A writer in the London Builder gives the
only definite iuformation that we have seen
concerning the amount, ot injury indicted I v
the siegeoti this beautiful structure. He says:
The cathedral is thought hy the Str tshur
gers to be sadly damage perhaps the fact
that the Gormans have taken p-.session of i:
is considered by them as only a tritie less hor
rible than if it bad been actually s.-.u.d to the
ground; hut I must confess that t> stranger
eyes it looks, externally, much as it did tig! t
years ago. When the effect of the 'calls v.h
pointed out, one could of c ur»v* perceive that
here a statue had lost an arm or 1 eg, there it
long piece of parapet was si. t aw.iy; and
farther on the mullion of a wind was sp'in
tered; yet, ns I said, these misfortunes were
not noticeable to the eyes of •strr’.ng-'rs. But
on going within the beautiful iifito we were
greatly grieved to see the fearful gaps—now
closed by boards—and numerous sreckings
all over the grand colored glass of the win
dow*. ILe one most seriously damaged is in
the clerestory of the nave, immediately facing
the organ. The large cinque foil in he,. 1 of
this is entirely shot away, and gre ,t damage
is done to other portions of this and the neigh
boring windows. A horrible “ob is'1 camo
crashing through the glass, flew across-too
nave of the cathedral, and, smashing in the
organ pipes, lodged in the organ itse'f; here,
wonderful to ted!, it remained without explo
ding! Had it burst, of c urse annihilation of
not only the beautiful organ, but also of great
part of the cathedral itself, must have been
the consequence. The custodian of the tower
j has had the dreadful missile mounted on a Lot
of marble, and on it is fixed a brass plate tel
ling the day, or rather the night, month arid
year, when this fearful hail of iron an! fi.-.j
fri.l on the devoted town. The organ ipe3
have not y>>t been replaced, but v. kite linen
j blinds are drnwn over the cruel gaps. Afore
I than half of the organ is so covered, thus
i showing the extent of the damage dum. The
marvelous mechanical clock i» apparentiv u
1 i it.
1 in ure.l.
As’kcdotk of Dassel V,'le«teb.—From
Ren i: tr mces of Mr. lister, pubbshtd in
lie ashington Sunday H-ral i, wo copy ti.o
I'd!! -whig
Mr. W cl^fer held ufii.'eho'ders in prert ab
iii rrenco. When be w as Secretary -i' State,
i ISoI, a Misstssipp:au c ir.tG or. t W ast-inv*
t u iu the hope of -r-curing a foreign ~u ate.
He nude his application, and was a.lonne t
there was no vaenney. Nothing discuttragnj,
he presented hintse't at tiro State Departtnent,
!a: v, and spent an hour or two in the peru
sal of the newspapers in the ante-chamber.
1 but never annoyi J Mr. Webster or any of
his ^ub-T-iinates by renewing his appltoati >n.
I Several weeks el ip«ed. and our Mississinptan,
like M-r-decai in the King's state. w»j uitvavs
1 "to toe tore." One day Mr. V> ebst, r can:-to
the Department in rather a bad humor. The
.-or t el the M pj-ton, as l a passed
j t r ugh the anti-cham! r, a pea red t.- ex t
j p-•.:*_».* him. As he entered the ebb f cleik 3
1 r .rn he cried out, -Mr. Hooter, is ti-ere anv
I pd ice ibis side of hell wv can send this raaa
to? He'd be the d-ath of mo. Mr. Hunter
i v-" v quickly f-’lind a small place, w. rti. about
$'J>0 a year, f .r the persist-: t M >rd -cri. and
j the great exp otto ter breathed more freely.
P:;ti.er's Programme—Po'itirs in Mt.«n
i cl...setts seem to be i puzede. Woo. toll l’nil
j I ps :s astonished a' HtuM r's 1V...1 s.irrett-vr
at W -reesti r, f- r, i.a.i he run. he Us ha
j might have been ele'." t v ids f-icods and
the labor ret'inters, h latter gave him over
two hundred tbiega"-, and yet he a b ut dotted
t’ e lie! i with 'ot tv," i suing a von! hi the
p’atf.'rm for lab. r r* fumi Th dr choice for
Provei n t. tt is sai wih b* i-.1 rhain. rt...-:r
ri'o-t s* aniiard-heai er. iv. let J 'do-1 C-wley.
i ^end-'d 1'hidips h iv g pi mum.-ed i'ri.hn
i as tin’ bvtivr m in f the its Ca,i,'r. t ti t
tun, thne, i'. c roc v-g i f, m i staggering
Tall in the Star- conven'd":, a- i proposes
ad ir.'ss mass meetings in th-' t rtneipc.l t v.rs
i --I the State, a it i ti-ivo’itte si: --t"' :og tho
h ttrs of lab-T. with view t-' keep:tug him
oi' loaders ami tireahing t; dr l 'd g t'
p.’op'e. li s direct code,tv r is t obtai’' ti e
cie :r -1 "t b -th branch -f the i. -f;;r--,
and. peti ips take a h.i.td in its d- h! ra'd ms
as I ti. m-her. sin .egress can ar ho."
He watt's a It »nd ia the wh-df" Vt«s.».
c1 Us cards ot the app: n g r.ih-tn!
0 volition. Th.* man broke up the dem
ocrat: c-’ti von i .01- at Ci arlist c! von Years
s in .v, per! aps, be .s rgcoossh:' next year
is t republican delegate fr, m the saute State.
1 Smi.
Pn<s ft in llirou;:h ft wart; apjdv n*> on ..f
r to ih fl ime of a lamr.T i it there
uuUi the wart fries under t! o action of tho
l--.it. A wart s treat*:-.! will leave. If
wart is liar*!, a g m thud is cuf it
with ft Unite *'r >*•!.-s< rs, and aptdv a httie
caustic to the r*> *ts. It' t'; e wart has a s. ir
rew i.ock. tie a silk t!'r»- 1 r h*;r>e ,-r
arettnd it, are’ It n s-• w dr:v A 'it:'
caustic applied to tite roots will prevent it
from grow ing ag d.
We are told a Hr k'vn paper that a
farmer f 1 nva has pr ..h> a .v kind of
wheat ,-ty'e.l t' Atuau'.kv. !:i 1 r t t!:o
1 >ep ir: nt.-t.t of A.:* tre purchased a .-'ap
ply of this wheat 01 -s-a, iti atol
T-ni! tt'i'l it as s:e.l t i t'te vnr! *v.s firmer*
throughout the c >'it:»ry, th.it it 1 as n-.w
hee-'toe e <mtn >n. 1' is a vo-y pro!: ft wheat,
at)*! lias heeit fout..! t yi*-'d a much larger
proportion oi'ih-t.r than many other kinds.
The Hi -hint-in! W'lhg stys, in refereuco to
the in ltd it’.g hill h* r- til the indications
throughout the Valley atd the Southwest, tho
Fauquier resolutions seems t-> press the g-n*
eral sentiu.eut. As the llndicas i- ive unaid*
tu-'i.sly liem unee.i the bill for whic.i they uu
atbtnouslv voted, present appearances lead to
the .'pinion that the 1*11! will have few friends
in tho next- Legislature.
j The track on the C. A 0. K. 11. is laid with
in three miles of Charleston, Kanawha. The
1 work on the tunin-ls on the route is going on
1 satisfactorily. The opinion of the Company
i is still that the entire r *a«! will be in running
order during 1$72 Unless some uttespecie i
i difficulty arises they ere well satisfied that
j 1S72 will sco tho trams ruuuit.y ft the
i Ohio to Richmond.