LOCAL NEWS."
Third Ward Radicals.?At a meeting of
tlto Third Ward Radical Club, held last night,
at the colored school house 011 Alfred, between
Princess and Orouoco streets,llanuibal King, iu
the absence of the President, occupied the
chair, and J. T. Burnett was secretary.
J. A. Phelps was elected a member of the
club.
The following resolutions, offered by Isaiah
Fisher, were unanimously adopted
He it resolved, That the Third Ward Republicans
pledge themselves that they will earnestly
and heartily support, by every honorable
means,the success of the Republican candidates
for the State Senate in this district, and for
the House of Relegates for the city and county
of Alexandria.
L'ud. B<- it further nsofccd, To carry out the
object of the foregoing resolution, that the
ehairmau appoint a committee ol fifteen members,
whose duty it shall be to attend the polls
of the Third Ward and see that all Republicans
east their votes freely and unobstructed.
Whereupon the following persons were appointed:?Hannibal
King, Isaiah Fisher,Joseph
i'olton, Asbury Ford, It. A. Bumpkins, \Y.
R. Masse v. Samuel HefHebower. T. J. Kdelim
J. T. Riirnctt, J. T. Cook, W. Jj. Pomi, It. A.
Crupper, ami K. M. White.
J. A. 1 'helps, from Marylaml, made a speech
in which he urged every member of the parly
t<> he on the war path?said he had been purM-ciited
for his political opinions in the State
from which lie had come, hut Imped he would
be treated better in this State.
I >aiah fisher in some remark.* which he made
pledged his support to the Radical ticket, and
urged his hearers to follow his example; and
alluding to the remarks made about him at the
Radical meeting at Liberty Mali, the night, helore,
said that he was a hotter Radical than
those wlm had used his name, ami had done
more than they had lor the success of the
party.
Joseph Coltoii made a speech saying that he
would leave mo stone unturned to secure the
election of the candidates of the Radial party.
(ieorge L. Sea ton was next called on, ami
responded, giving an account of the c mrsc lie
had pursued in the hist Legislature, lie said
neither Republicans or anybody else, from the
city corresponded or consulted with him,
and that he had obtained hi* knowledge of the
wants of tiie people from Mr. Snowden. With
regard to the City Charter, he had seen a petition
ol colored property holders of the city
praying for its adoption, but that some of those
whose names were upon it did not own a brick,
ami ho owned more than all of them together;
that previous to the'adoption of the charter
he had sent sotne copies of it to (J. W. l'ark-
or for distribution -among the Republicans
but that those copies had not been distributed,
and that he had found theui on Parker's mantle
piece when he returned from Richmond;
that he did not vote for the charter and had
done every thing he could against it. With
i .1. -i I
JUg.llll IU UlU CICCllOU UJ V OI J "JI <11.IVLI yuUpt,
he said ho had voted lor Judge Lowe because i
the other candidates tor that office had lost
slaves by the war and he thought that any of
them would be more severe upou the colored
people than that gentleman. In reply to a
(piestion about his vote ou the Fredericksburg
Railroad bill he said he was offered $5UU the
evening before the vote was taken, to vote
against it, and having voted for it, was offered
the following morning $000 to change his vote. r
J. T. Burnett?you should have knocked the
man down. fj
The meeting then adjourned.
Sauki-i-a II.a on.?Sarepta IIull building,the
completion of which was celebrated last night
l?y a grand hall there,is the property of Messrs.
William Coganand Joseph 13roders, two pros-
penuis gentlemen of this city, and is a tuouu-
ment to the enterprise which characterizes all 1
their investments. The new building stands i
upon the site of the old Sarepta Hall, which
w;ls destroyed by fire duriug, and of the t
theatre, which fell a victim to iiauies since, the t
war. It is a handsome three storied building
IS by feet.
The architect was J. R. Lambdin. The brick 1
work was done by Klihu Stanton; the carpen- j
tor's work by Vincent Si Simpson; the painting
by K. II. Kndd; the mill work by Jamieson j
Clark; tin: stone work by William (Jhauncy;
the plumbing by Philip 1'ark; the gas tit ting'
by Wm. Cogan; the plastering by Taylor
Wools; the tin work by Kuoeh Crimes, upou
all of whom the building, as completed, rclients
great credit. I
Last night, upon the occasion of the ball, the
whole front was brilliantly illuminated, and pro-
seated to the crowd which thronged the streets
in that vicinity, a grand appearance. The hall
i >irr<?>-itili> iffilir. SUCCeSSlullV 111"
:tununited a prosperous career lor the new hall,
the opening of which it celebrated.
hkuaita.?Notwithstanding the inclement
weatlior prevailini^ Yesterday, a regatta took
place on the Potomac, and was one of the most
interesting that has ever occurred on the waters
in I his vicinity. The boats that started were
the Kiiima Latham, Fannie Hell, Spray, and
Fannie. The race commenced at 1 I a. in. and
was from Washington to Fort Washington and
back. On their return the boats passed this
city in the following order and time:?Spray,
Kmma Latham, 5:01; Fannie Hell, 5:04];
Fannie, 5:05. At this point the race was very
exciting. .Just above Alexandria, the Fannie
passed the Fatmie Hell and Kmma Latham,
and then the Fannie Hell passed the Kmuia
Latham. A high wind was now progressing,
and line time was being made. The final result
of the race is as follows: The Spray passing
the upper stake-boat at 5:as; the Fannie,
at. 5:5'.P|; the Fannie Hell, at t?:0i?, and the Kmma
Laihoni, at ("?:0:iA; the Fannie taking the
second prize. Opposite Fort Foote, the Fannie
ran on to a mud bank, it being low water.
At this time she had the advantage id' the
Spray, ami had it not been lor the aecident
would, it is thought, have won the race.
llouittiltY.?The residence of Mr. Philip H.
Ilooflf, on Seminary Hill, at present occupied
by Mr. Castain, was entered by tlicives rugnt
beloro last, and a vest and trunk stolen from
tlie chamber in which Mr. Castain and his wile
were asleep. In a pocket of the vest were
about twelve or fourteen dollars, and in tin;
trunk about one hundred and forty dollars. The
vest was found, yesterday, in the road near the
house?the money gone; and the trunk was
found in the woods near by, with all its contents
of clothing untouched, and the mouey only
missing. One of Mr. Castain's acquaintances,
and a frequenter of his house, not heretofore
ivinarknble for havinc mueh money, but who
yesterday had so much that lie gave a little
girl a dollar who had asked him for ten cents,
was taken lip on suspicion, but after an examination
by the Mayor was discharged, as there
was no evidence educed thai could iu anyway
criminate him.
Personal.?Jit. Gov. dolui L. Marye was
in this city to-day, on his way to Brandy station,
in Culpeper county, where there is to be a Conservative
mass meeting to-morrow, and where
lie is to speak. The lit. Governor, we are pleased
to announce, has been iuvitod and will, with
others, address the people fa Alexandria on
Wednesday night next at Jiibortv llall.
Mauuiaok.?A large number of ladies and
gentlemen witnessed at the M. K. Church
South, yesterday evening, the marriage of Mr.
Horace Biddle, of Washington, to Miss Emma
Fleming, daughter of Mr. Arenibald Fleming
of this city. The ceremony was performed hy
Kev. l>r. Hough.
ALEXAND
Insurance Losses.?The insurance companies,
which have agencies in this city, sustained
the following losses by the late tire in
Chicago:?The Liverpool and London and
(Jlobe, of which Ilooe, Wedderburn Co. are
the agents, lost $2,500,000, all of which will
be paid on demand, and which has not in the
least affected the solvency of the company.
Witmer Co. are the agents of the Home,
of Columbus, Ohio, which lo&t $353,000,
which was made up at once, and the company
is as sound as ever. They were also the agents
of the North American, of New York, which
lost $000,000, all of which has beeu paid, the
business of the company closed, and a new
company organized in its stead, with a cash
capital of $500,000.
Jauuey Son are the agents of the Union
Company of Haiti more, which only lost from
ten to fifteen thousand dollars, and was consequently
not hurt.
Wise Co. arc the agents of the Andes
Company ot Cincinnati, which lost $250,000,
I which has been paid, and the credit of the company
is uninjured; of the Continental, of New
I York, which lost $1,250,(1(10, which has been
made good without injuring the standing of the
company; of the Internationa!, of New York,
which lost $150,000, allot which has been paid,
and the company is increasing its business;
of the North British and .Mercantile of London,
which lost $1,500,000, which was paid on
demand, and the company is still flourishing
and of the National of Baltimore, which had
only $20,000 risked in Chicago, and consequent
ly coulu not have been much hurt. 1 ins linn
were also the agents ol" the following companies
which were compelled to close hy the losses
they sustained: The Manhattan ol' New ork,
loss $fil)0,tM)0; the I 'at 11:1111 of I l:ir? lord, loss
$|,ii(io.(i(H); and the Merchants ami Mechanics
of Haiti more, loss I.">0,000.
11 KM AliKAIthK IlKooVKItV. ('aptain Wallers,
of the ('anal hoat Iv Stephenson, while
coming through the Canal locks this morning
lost his hold upon the tiller ami fell overboard
into the short, level, lie wassuflbring from an
ague at the time. lie rose three times and
then sank to the bottom. Mr. dames I hum,
the lock keeper, who witnessed the accident,
jumped upon a scow and going to his relief.
saw him and tried to raise him to the surface
with a pole, but could not, and it was not. until
a bystander had brought a boat hook that
the drowning man was raised. The body was
then apparently lifeless but after being rolled 1
upon a barrel and rubbed with whiskey for a
long time, was revived.
1'ehsoxaIj.?As will be seen by their card j
in another column of to day's Gazette, Mr. 1
Linden Kent, late of Louisa county, has associated
himself with Mr. S. (J. Nealo in the 1
practice of the law. Mr. Kent is a graduate
of the I Diversity of Virginia, the three highest j
honors of which institution he received. Since
he left college he has successfully practiced his
prufcssioniuLoui.su. lie comes to this city J*
under the most favorable circumstances?and
s well deserving of the confidence of the community.
c
Mayors Office.?A woman, ou complaint
)f her husband, for improper conduct, was
jouimitted to the work house for ninety days, t
Samuel Laws, colored, for driving a cart in
he gutter, was dismissed, and warned of the
;ouse(iueuces of a repetition of the offence.
A man, for inebriety, was dismissed with a
eprimaud.
AlOIlT Deport.? Night raiiiy t;
fliere were no di-?"-1 AU 1, n o
...viv.ic imager were are at the station house.
Conservative Meeting.?It will be seen u
jy reference to the advertisement of the county j
>uperintendcnt that a meeting of the Conscr- a
rutives of the city and county is to be held, in
.liberty Hall, on Wednesday evening nest, at y
',30 o'clock. Distinguished speakers have been (j
uvited and are expected to be present 011 the c
)ecasion and it is hoped that there will be a full i
urn out. An invitation is given to all to at- s
;eud.
Hkv. W. W. Williams.?The Washington
Star says:?''This gentleman, having, for rea- Q
sons satisfactory to himself and friends, recou-
iidered his acceptance of a call to the Enisco- t
;>ul church iu Staunton, Va., has been released i
roui his promise, and resumes charge of
dhrist church, in Georgetown. f
Local Brevities.
The County School Board meets to night, at v
[lie oflice oi' tlie Superintendent. c
The bark I folios, from Liverpool, with salt, t
to W. A. Stnoot, of this city, is reported iu the
river. 1
A meeting of the ladies feeling an interest iu
the Alexandria Library and willing to assist in
nronioting its usefulness will be held at the
Library rooms to-morrow evening at 4 o'elock.
Humor still says that the terms of the sale of
the Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac
railroad to the Pennsylvania Central have been
agreed upon, by representatives of the contracting
parties in Philadelphia. I
(.EtWIt OVSI KYATIVI-: KVI,1,V!
A meeting of the Conservative party will he t
held at LIBERTY HALL, 011 WEDNESDAY J
EVEN1N(J, November 1st, 1871, o'clock.
Addresses will be delivered by distinguished
gentlemen. All are invited to attend.
J NO. 11. S.MOOT,
oet 27?td County Superintendent.
jl&fElection Ticliets, for this and the a<l-
joining counties, printed at this olfiee, at cheap
rates. Orders attended to promptly. oe 27-41 I
1>0K HERRING, by the bl?l, hall' hbl and
Jl\ small, ibr sale at 117 King street.
oet 27 \V. P. ItROOKES. j
ArARMOl'TN SUGAR CORN, the best in
JL the world, for sale at 117 King st.
oet 27 W. P. It ROOK F.S.
1) 1 N KA Pi'LK I'll KKSK for sale by
OKO. .Mel?ll RN KY cCsoN,
oet 27 IW and 1 TO King street.
T? CLARKS AMONIATED DISSOLVED
-1 I t IT* 1: i
A J I;<) ft, t?iii? or Uio nesi r eriui/iei* m w in
use, $50 per ton, 2, OH) lbs., (or sale by t
\Y. II. SMITH CO.,
oet ii Cnder Mansion House.
KCF.l V KD ?N CONS I C N M K N T 1
1 ISA AC W KNCKK'S
('Hoick family flock.
For siilo nt market rate* by
ort 1:5 )l. M. LAWSuN.
APPLES.-MIX) barrels SELECT KD A FFLKS
received this rlav and Cor sale by
\V. II. SM ITU A CO.,
ort f? Under Mansion House.
1 SENDERS for wood (ires, Assorted si/.es, just
received at
J AS. F. CAR LIN A SONS',
oet IC> (K King street.
AFKIMF. LOT OF TIMOTHY SEED, in
ktore and Cor sale at 2iM King street,
oct I)?2m A U (j L ST L? S W A L L.
COAL HODS AND SITOVKLS?A large
stock oC Coal Hods, Ash Shovels, Shovels
and Tongs, Ac., received at
__oet 17 J AS. F.CARLIN A SONS'.
A X KS, Hatchets, Broad Axes, Foot and Ship
-i.\. Carpenters' Adxea, ?fcu., at
oct 17 JAS. F. CARLIN A SONS'.
Gi OLD BAND FRENCH CHINA TEA
r SETS Cor $15; Plain White do. Cor at
oct 17 EN T WIS L E'S CHIN A STOKE. _
ALL PERSONS having claims against the
late firm of McCLl' RE ?fc STUDDS are
hereby notified to present them to
ANDREW JAMIESON,
oct 7-co4w Trustee.
PETROLKU M FLIT ID? non-explosive?at
oct IS ENT\VISLE'S Cll 1N A ST<)UK
-*r?.
HI A GAZETTE Aj
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
[dispatches to tiie gazette.]
foiceigx m:avs.
London, Oct 27.?Queen Victoria has contributed
?500 for the relief of the Chicago sufferers.
The fund at the Mansion House last
night amounted to ?41,500. The Mayor of Bristol
announces that he has received ?1,600 lor
Chicago.
Thirty of the thirty-three men who were in
the mine at Leaham where the explosion occurred
yesterday are dead. The pit is on fire
and another explosion is feared. There is great
excitement among the minors and their families
Tattersal has been commissioned to arrange
a match between the English horse Sterling
aud the American horse Harry Bassett. The
stake proposed is 10,00ft a side, ?2,000 to be
allowed to the owner of Harry Bassett to run
the match in England. The distance named
is one mile aud a-half, the horses to carry even
weights. Sterling is a three year old hay colt
by Oxford, dam by Elateatcher, out of Silence,
the property of Mr. Bluydon. At the New
Market Houghton meeting lie was entered fur
the Cambridgeshire stakes for all ages; run last
Tuesday and won the third place, having a
dead heat with Mr. Pay's Allhrook, a live
year old. both being beaten by Mr. Keswick s
b. g. Sahinus, a four year old.
i'.\ it is, Oct. 27.?ltossel, the Communist
leader, appealed for a second time from the
m iil'llm M ill In vv t'/ulrl lull',iv, w* 111. 11 lm
was tried and his appeal lias again heen
rejected.
The I'ai d.nis Commission will meet on the
St.li proximo, when a largo |n*? {><irtitm of the
('oiiiinunisis remaining in prison will prohahly
he liberated.
(ionlam! will he sent hy the government to
Frankfort to meet the agent of North liormany
to arrange the details for carrying out
the eii-toms portion of the recently concluded
treaty.
I'rineo Napi loon has definitely resigned his
seat in (he Council Central of Corsica and has
gone t?< Italy.
IjoNiniN, Oct. 27. ?Minister Schetik is inli>|io.>ed
and has gone into the country to recuperate.
VlKN.NA, Oct. 27.?The resignations of the
Ministers have been accepted hy tin* I'linperor.
1'he suecosor to Count I lohenwart.il has not
ret heen named hut it is probable Chevalier de
Schiiw.Tlin.if will he called on to take the head
if the new Ministry.
Paris, Oct. 27.? The bullion in the Bank of
France has decreased 300,1)00 francs during the
veck.
St. PirrKitsntnto, Oct. 27.?A general orler
of the ar Ollioc directs the entire re-orxanization
of*the Lmperial Army and the callng
to arms of the whole adult male population.
Hie order creates a numerical strength ol' field
Hid landwehr forces of a total of one million,
ax hundred thousand men, sixty-six regiments
>f cossacks not included. The order creates
ilso a further military force of reserve to be
mi ployed in the event of invasion which is
<|uivalentto the mobilization of the population
if the entire nation.
Reinforcements urdered to the artillery add
on uiousanu guns to tnc batteries now in ser'iec.
H'cst Virginia Elections.
White Sulphur Springs, Oct. 27.?The
lection lor mcmbe,f liOn{eri'tion, and couu- 1
y officers, took place to-day. There was little
r no opposition to the Democratic ticket. The
olored people voted the Democratic ticket aljost
to a man.
Ex-Governor Price, M. M. McCrecry, Major 1
Icury M. Mathews, and James M. JJymfdde,
re undoubtedly elected to the convention.?
larlos A. Perry, a New Yorker, is elected a
hate Senator on the Democratic ticket.?
Jreeubricr, Monroe, Pocahontas, and Summers
ountics, give large Democratic majorities, and
lie indications arc that the party will gain the
State by a handsome majority.
From Vtali.
Salt Lake, Oct. 27.?The jury in the case
f Mrs. Cook returned a verdict against Drigham
irouug for the full amount of her claim and increst.
An application for a new trial is pendng;
Young has applied to Wm. M. Evarts to dcend
him in the indictment for polygamy. Tiie
dormon papers are mild iu tone. The Herald
ays it is a mistake to suppose the Mormons
"ill rn) tlmir faith on conviction by the
O
ourts. No government ou cnrth can crush out
heir religious belief.
John Meashatn, a Mormon, is in custody for
uurdcr committed twelve years since.
From California.
San Fkancisco, Oct. 27.?The Central
tailroad train ran off an embankment near
loaquiti river. Four cars were dcuiolished.
_)ne passenger was fatally and a number were
'criously hurt. Senator Morton and party,
vho were in the rear car escaped uninjured.
The bodies of eighteen Chinese at bos A ngcos
have been found; six or eight others were
langerously wounded. The surviving Chinese
ire leaving,their houses which were plundered,
he plunder including ten thousand dollars in
told.
Win. K. Harrow, one of the claimants of the
\ltuaden quicksilver mine is dead.
From Host on.
Huston, Oct. 27.?The schooner C. lb Tra y.
from .Sherburne, Nova Scotia, yesterday
nndod several thousand dollars worth ol'smugrle'd
silks, velvets, blankets, brandy, &c., at
i loverly, where they were seized by revenue
Hirers.
F. C. Litchfield, cashier of Oak JIall clot linn
house, is accused of embezzling )),(NNt
Vom bis employers. I le lias disappeared.
From Mo\ico.
M ATA Mi I it AS. Oct. 2.*>.?Saltillo still holds
nit against the Monterey revolutiont.-ts (Joneral
Mseobedo, commander- in chief of I lie Juarist
troops, is marching against the rebels unler
Morrales and llamalo. The inhabitants of
he smaller cities of Nuovo Leon have pronoun ed
against (ieneral l'revino. Two thousand
Mexican citizens have crossed into the State of
fcxas in order to escape re!?el proscription and
rebel violence at home.
The .Warhol*.
London, Oct. 27?11:-i?? a. in.?Cnnsois
opened at 'J2; for money, ami 'J", lor account.
Ih.uds ol' Isr.j, 'II: Isr.r.s! old. '.M J; Isf.Ts, 'J2i.
lo-4i?s, S'.t 1.
Paris. ()et,27. lien tes opened at ;*>7 francs,
J7 centimes.
Nkw York, Oct. 27.?Market dull and
heavy. (lo!d heavy at 11i t<> 1 l.i. Money linucr
al 7. Ya. sixes new f?2. Flour quiet and
linn. Wheat quiet and firm. Corn a shade
firmer.
Dai.timouk, Oct. 27.?Cotton heavy; low
middlings 17 j. Flour dull; the acatvity of stock
maintains prices. Wheat scarce and firm; Hiio
and Indiana laaaltio. ('orn steady; white and
yellow new <>:"?a7o. (Utsquiet and firm at 4'>a*?o.
y RES 11 TEAS*
Fine Green, Black und Japan Teas, at very
low prices, just received bv
octi Cooiv CUKIG1IT0N.
CT1GA KS, Smoking and Chewing Tobacco, of
J the best brands, for sale bv
AY BUY DAVIDSON,
oct 21 220 King st, cor. A1 fred.
LOWER I'oTS! FLOWKK POTS!
All sizes at
?wt 17 ENTWISLE'S GillNA STORK.
NT) VIRGINIA A]
SI'ECIJIL, JS'O TICKS.
The Means of Escape.?'Tho fall has many
perils fur the weak and feeble, and its sudden atmospheric
changes arc trying to the constitutions
of even the robust. The chilling temperature of
the nights, as compared with the almost summer
warmth ol'the days, necessarily exercises an unhealthy
influence on all who are exposed to it.?
Uonco dysentery, diarrluea, intermittent fevers,
bi Hous attacks, ai.d derangements of all thesccretions,
are common at this season. The true way
to escape them is to meet tho causes with a protective
and invigorating medicine, llostetter's
Stomach Bitters are desgined for this exigency.
This powerful vegetable specilte relieves the
system of all acrid humors, purifies the fluids,
tones the secretive organs, promotes healthy
evaporation through the pores, increases tho activity
of the digestive functions, cheers the spirits
and regulates the bowels. To do this is to make
the whole body vigorous, and render it proof
against the vicissitudes of temperature, and
against malaria. A course of the great tonic and
alterative is therefore in all cases advisable as a
preventive at this season. If, on tho other hand,
the mischief is alrcudy done, and intermittent or
remittent fever is actually present, or the liver,
bowels, or stomach disordered, there is no medicine
so certain to effect a quick and thorough
cure us this harmless and agreeable preparation.
oct 2d?col w
El Vino C'alalina.?1The announcement
that has been so generally heralded throughout
the country that an American company has again
commenced importing this celebrated Wine
Tonic is a matter of no small importance, and
will be hailed with joy by all those seeking a
pure and invigorating tonic; a No, those who
need a pure, pleasant and refreshing stimulant
will find in tlm El Vino Catalina, or Brown's
t'atalina AVine Tonic, what they want. Jt will
i .i i (i..u
Ibtilj of this noted brand, but in consequence of
tlif 11i11 duty then demanded by this government,
the enterprise ceased, l<> tin: regret <>l
Lli<ikIs who li:id learned its value. It is tin:
oldest tonic in tlic world, uiul doubtless tin* most
invigorating, tin* junvst ami be.-t, ami if importntion
continues at the rates now started, it will
lake its place in every family in this as well as
in the oid countries. Its merits will make it a
household article, and we hope that every one
who lias ever used any Bitter* or common patent
tonic, will at least try one bottle of the Catalilia,
and then decide for themselves whether they
will use this Tonic, prepared from the pure
juice of the Calalina grape, with Calisaya ami
the spices of Cey loii, or a letters made of common
whiskey and hitter Held herbs. This is an
invaluable preparation Ibr weakness ami debility;
it relieves morning languor and gives freshness
and appetite, not followed by an unpleasant
reaction.
It cures Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Costiveness,
Bilious Derangements, Cramp Colic, Flatulence,
Diarrlnea, Dysentery. .Nausea, Vomiting,
.Morning Sickness, Chills and Fevers, Ileadaei e,
Nervous Irritability, Anieinia, Heart Disease,
Diseases of the Kidneys and Bladder, Diseases
of the Skin, and all Eruptions, either caused by
other diseases or impurity of the blood. As a
Tonic in Consumption, it has 110 superior, of
which thousands believe themselves to have
been cured by its use. We do not claim that it
will cure Consumption, but we are sure that it
will prevent it if taken freely in time.
Avkay Davidson, (Jrocurs and Lienor
Merchants, 2*Jb King street, Alexandria. Vu.,
Agents for Alexandria and thecourilies; J.M.M.
ConkapA: Co., lb Light street, Baltimore, Md.,
(Iciioral A gents for the U. S. Oiliee of the Company,
diS S. Howard street, Baltimore, Md.
j e o ?c< ?tf
Itntrhebir's Iluir l>y?'.?This superb
Hair Dye is the best in the World?Perfectly
Harmless, Reliable and Instantaneous. No disappointment.
No Ridiculous Tints, or Unpleasant
Odor. The genuine W. A. Batcholor's Hair
Dye produces 'IMMEDIATELY. t
Blacker Natural Browr,-oAn. Soft and Beau- t
Skin, but .Vale and Perfect Dye. bold by
all Druggists. Factory, lb Bond St., Now \ork.
"Mnsr A r?rl.- inn 'X) Pill V 1
On Marriage.?Ilnpny Relief f??r Young
Men from tlic ctfeets of Errors and Abuses in
early life. Manhood restored. Nervous debility
cured. Impediments to Marriage removed. New
method ol treatment. New and remarkable
remedies. Iiooks and Circulars sent free, in
sealed envelopes. Address HOWARD ASSOCIATION,
No. 2 South Ninth St., Philadelphia.
scp 2?d&twSm
TMPORTANT NEAVfiJ
?to the?
PEOPLE OF ALEXANDRIA AND SURROUNDING
COUNTRY.
Dr. M. AY El L, Uptieian. has opened a store
at Mr. .J. A. Geil/s, and would respectfully invite
all to come and convince themselves, as J
am sure 1 can please any one who gives me a
call. In this business 1 also manufacture EYE i
GLASSES to suit every eye and vision, no matter
what size and price. I also keep a very large
stock of TO YS." of every description, Irom the
largest to the smallest, ami of good quality, together
with many other articles usually found
in a stoie of the kind. Please call and see my
new goods, without fail.
Dr. M. AVE IL,
oct 2fi-dm No. lid King st.
"JT 0 T I C E
Miss M. E. FOSSKTT
lias just returned from New York with a well
selected stock of pattern
BONNETS AND HATS.
Also a large assortment of Kihhons, Flowers, 1
Laces and Trimmings, Chignons, Plaits and
Switches, of all styles and Shades. She will he
t.i linvi' lu-r friends and customers call
and examine lier stuck. oct ?-tf
QTEAM .SAW MILL FuK SALE.
Rare chance for making money. MILL in
complete order. l,0UO,(KX) feet of lumbrr to saw,
from the sawing of which more than snllicient
can ho cleared to pay lor the mill. l?'or terms or
any other information, apply to .1 udge C. E.
SINCLAIR, .Manassas ,Jnaction, I'rinec William
county, or S. C. HALL, Castloman's Ferry,
Clarke county, Va. oct'.i-eotNl
TOKKNC1I CHINA.
A fine assortment of TEA and DINNER
SETS, of various patterns, anions them the new
"Moss Rose" pattern. Also VASES in great
variety, Fancy Mugs, Col fee, Tete-a-Tetc Set-,
Cologne Sets, &c., at very low prices, at Ho Iving
street. [oct 7-eoJm] E.J. MILLER.
NOTICE?Having been appointed Administrator
on the estate of A. R. TIIORF, esq.,
deceased, all persons indebted to said estate arc
requested t<> make prompt payment, and those
to whom said estate is imlcbted will please present
their claims,
iy 'io-tf F. A. REED.
OXFO.ill) SHIRTS!
OXFORD SHIRTS!
The handsomest colored Dress Shirt.- in the
market?all -i/.. s, at
OKEEN'S NOTION HOUSE,
oei 21 7('> King street.
I^O PN D?A K E V, belonging to a safe, was
found <>n Fairfax street to-iiav. The owner
can have the same by calling at the ollico of the
Superintendent of the \V. Jfc O K. R.. proving
property and paying for this advertisement.
1 >el l!li?
g CIS,SOUS! CTTLKR?!
Rodger's Scissors; another supply received,
also Talde and Pocket Cutlwrv, wholesale ami
retail at .JAS. F. CAKLfX ii SONS',
"ft 1(1 I*,:', King street
MERINO HALF HOSE!
MERINO HALF HOSE IRest
English Goods. verv cheap, at
GREEN'S-NOTION HOUSE,
oct '21 70 K itig street.
T^XGLISH PIE FHI*ITS, French Brandy
Peaches, imported Kreneli Blaeking, Ac.
G. W.M. HAMS A V,
oct 22 S. K. et>r. King ami St. Asaph sis.
LU BKICATING OIL of various qualities and
suitable lor all kinds of machinery for sale
hy K. S. LEADUEATEK Jc JJllU.
oct 'J I
CI AM PHoJl ICE, just prepared, and for -aic
I by E. S. LEA DBEATEK Jt HHO.
oct 21
ipHENCII DRESSING, an eilegant artiefe
for ladies' ami children's shoes, tor sale by
oct 24 E. S. L E A D 11E A T E R A: 1'?HO.
1>INEAl'PLE and EDAM CHEESE for
sale at 147 King street.
oct21 W. F. BROOKES.
nOMIN Y and GSI'fS for sale at 117 KingsL
oct 24 AV. F. BRooK.ES. I
VERTISER
.1 VCTTOjy SALES.
PUBLIC SALE AT IIAYFIELD, FAIRFAX
COUNTY, VA.
"Will be sold, i\t public auction, on "WEDNESDAY
next, November loth, if fair, if not, the
next fair day thereafter, at Ilaytield, about six
miles south of Alexandria, on the telegraph road,
all the STOCK, UTENSILS, CUOi'S, Ac., Ac.,
consisting in part of llorses, Colts, Mules, Cattle,
Hay, Corn, l'lows, Harrows, Wagons, Ac
Terms: A credit of six months will be given
on all sums over fifty dollars, secured by notes
I satisfactorily endorsed, bearing interest at ten
per cent. On all sums under that amount cash
will be required.
net 23-eots _ KICIIARP "WINDSOR.
jpoii SALE Oil KENT.
HOUSE, No. 223 King street, at present occupied
by Mrs. Minor. Contains 12 rooms and is
111 excellent order.
Also the BRICK HOUSE, situated on Duke
street, west of Fayette street, at present occupied
by Mrs. Kichardson.
Also, a EAliM, containing about loO ACllES
OF LAND, situated about one mile west of the
city limits, and known as FA III VIEW, occupied
at ]iresent by .John A. Fairfax. The improvements
consist of a DWELL1NC
HOUSE, containing ten rooms, together Jelly,
with Barn, Stables, Ac.
All of the above-named pieces of property
will be sold low and on accommodating terms,
or rented to good tenants. Application can be
made to
<>ct 23-cotf HICIIAMD "WINDSOR.
C1UM MISSION Kit'S SALE OF VALU>
ABLE MILL PROPERTY IN FAUOUI
Kit COUNTY. Bv virtue of a dec ree of
the Circuit Court of Fauquier county, pronounced
on the l-llli of September, lt>71, in the
chancery cause of I'liillips vs. Phillips, adm'r.,
I will, as commissioner therein named, oiler by
public sale, to the highest bidder, at the front
door of tin; Court House of said county, on
MONDAY, the 27th day of November, 1*71,
Court day, that VALUABLE MILL PROPERTY,
known us the Oat Hill Mill, containing
..b.oil 'III of l.ni.l in IT urn if l^oil/f II li.f U'llli
mill, ST() I' K, J) \V K i J J N (i, iV:p. tlii'ri*<>ii.
nf which the luti' Thomas I'hillips died' jiiji
seized and possessed.
Tlio terms wl'sale reipiire the purchaser to pay
down in cash on the day of sale ten per cent, of
the purchase money, a sum sullieieiit to pay the i
expniaes of sali! and the eosLs ol'suit?and to execute
bonds with good security for the residue of
lliir purchase money, payable in eipial sums in one,
two and three vent-, from the day of sale, with
interest from that date. The title to he retained
until the whole purchase moiicv shall he paid
and the property subject to resale at the ri.-k and i
cost of the tir.-L purchaser upon lailureto comply
with terms of sale. KICK W. PAY YE, 1
Commissioner of Sale.
Fauquier county, oct 23?fots
I8y <?recn cV Wise,
[Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.]
DESIRABLE PROPERTY ON KINO ST. 1
FOR SALE.?Ry virtue of a decree of the 1
Corporation Court, for the city of Alexandria,
pronounced at it.> duly term, 1N71, and a decree
at its October term, IS71, in the suit of A. Moran
vs. George Win. Brent ct a!s., the undersigned,
as Commissioner, will, by public auction, in 1
front of Oreen's Mansion House, in the city of
Alexandria, on SATU'RDA V, tho 25th day of r
November, 1S71, at 12 o'clock m olfer for sale a
valuable TJJKEKSToRY BRICK Hol'SK 1
on the south side of King street, in the city Bjllji
<d' Alexandria, Ya., between Fairfax and Royal
streets, now in the possession of A. Moran. being
twenty feet on King street, and running
back south ninety feet.
Terms: One-tenth of the purchase^'?* i 'J
clue"; 'bonds with good security to he taken tor w
he deferred payments, and the title to be re- vi
.anted until tuey are paid. M
GEORGE WM. BRENT, tl
oct 21?ts Commissioner of Sale. F
______ SHOES. R
LADIES' FINE SHOES ut |V
scp 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
LADIES'HANDSOME BUTTON BOOTSat n
soj121 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
LA 1) 1es' WAlidng boots. {j
A splendid stock, nt very low prices, at c
sep 21 WADDEY's^74 King street.
T AIDES' PAKLOli AND TOI LET SLIP-
J-J PKKS?Ladies' French Kid Broadway V
Ladies' Lasting Broadway, Turkey Morocco
Broadway, French Kid Toilet, Cas.-imereToilet, h
Lasting Toilet, Serge and Carpel Slippers,in cvjry
style and quality, at 11
Sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street. 11
La dj es- lasting boots.
A large stock, with a great variety of new
styles, beautiful and very cheap, at
scp 21 WADDEY'S, 71 King street. 4
New styles ladies' gaiters at
sep 21 WADDK Y'S, 74 King street.
Misses' fancy colored boots, in t<
now stvlns and colors: a great variety, ti
handsome ami cheap. Also Misses' Broadway s
and Toilet Slippers, ut v
Sep 21 WADDEY'S, 71 King street. 1
MISSES' LASTING BOOTS. J1
In every sty Ie, quality and price, at
sep 21 "NV ADDEY'S, 7-1 King street.
MISSKS* "WALKING AND SCHOOL
BOOTS?A large slock, in every slylennd
finality; prices low, at V
Sep 21 WA DDE Y'S, 71 King street.
MISSES' FINE BUTTON BOOTS at 1
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 71 King street.
G1 K NT L KM EN'S FINE 1) It ESS BOOTS 11
T AND SHOES?A large stock of new styles, ft
very handsome, of the best quality and at low f
prices, at
Sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
CI III LI) It EN'S SCnOO L A N I) AY A LKING t
J Ji(.)OTS?A large slock and great variety of n
styles, at very reduced prices, ut
sop 21 _ WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
CHILDREN'S FANCY COLORED BOOTS.
A splendid stock; new colors, new styles, j
handsome, durable and very cheap, at
Sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street t
TN FA NTS' BOOTS AND SLI 1TEKS-A i
X line stoek, in every color, stylo and quality,
at very reasonable prices, at t
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street. J
1)o YS' AND YOUTH'S DItESS SHOES. J
J A good stock of new styles, of fine quality,
at low prices,
sop 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street. j
J>()YS' KID BOOTS, Boys' Calf Boots,
y Youth's Calf and Kip Boots, Children's 1
Kip and Calf Boots, at greatly reduced prices, at
a' H ll I 11>" V' V 7.1 l\ in if vf met
MT
I" A 1)1 KS', MISSES AND CHILDREN'S j
J RUBBER'S at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 71 King street.
Ala ro e stock of heavy goods,
suitable for tlio country, to which we invite
the special attention of country merchant:!, as
they will be ?oid very low f?>r money,
sep lii WADDEY'S. 71 King street.
A LOT ()F LADIES', M ISSES ami CIII L1)K
K N'S lit X )TS and SllDES out of style,
which will be eobi at one-half the cost of manufacture.
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
r A DIES' house shoes.
J J Large stock urnl grout variety, suitable for
old ladies, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
I>OYS; AND YOUTH'S BOOTS, Kip and
J Calf, good and cheap, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street
/Children's boots, new styles, at
sep 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
f A DIES' FINE WALKING BOOTS at
J.J so]i 21 WADDEY'S, 74 King street.
?7^0li KENT OR SALE-OREEN W A Y
A F IS LI IN (4 SHORE, on tbe Potomac, about
Iti miles below Alexandria. All the necessary
buildings for tbe accommodation of the fishermen
ana their horses are good and in complete
repair. It is, and ever has been, one among the
successful lishcries on the river. For further
particulars apply to Mrs. ANN C BRANDT,
or Mr. .JNO. Ii. SMOOT, Alexandria. ocJ7-lrn
AVERILL CHEMICAL FAINTS?White
and every shade ??f c?>h>r.?The above are
prepared for immediate application, requiring
no nil or Drvcr, and give general satisfaction,
j Cards with samples of colors, Ac., can be had
upon application. Sold at Factory prices by
oct 22 K. S. LEAD BEATER A BUO.
'"V
Ji1 UCTIO.V S.1E ES.
By Green A Wise,
[Ronl Estate Agents and Auctioneers.]
BY PUBLIC AUCTION-Will be otibred
to the highest bidder on the premises, on
Til URSDAY, the 21th instant, at 3 o'clock p.
m., the desirable LOT and TENEMENT
situated on the N. W. corner of Prince and afcl
Columbus streets, lately occupied by the subscriber.
Terms at sale,
oct 11-ts T.E.ROBERTSON.
ji-?3" The property above advertized, corner
Prince and Columbus streets, in conseouonee of
weather, was not ollered. It will be ottered on
TUESDAY morning next, the 31st of October,
}it 10 o'clock, on the premises. oct 26?ts
TRUSTEE'S SALE ok VALUABLE REAL
ESTATE.?As substituted trustee in a deed
of trust, executed on the Gtli day of January,
1854, by John Tayloe t<? P. Thornton Lomax, to
secure to Win, H. Tayloe certain debts therein
mentioned, 1 will sell, on the SEVENTH DAY
OE DECEMBER, 1671, Court day, at King
George Court House, that beautiful FARM, lying
011 the Potomac river, in King George county.
known as CHATTERTON.
The farm contains four hundred and ninetyeight
(4hS) acres, consisting of river flats and
highlands. The DWELLING HOUSE fspft
is a largo brick building, with nine nnuns. Jlligl.
including kitchen, and has besides basement
rooms or cellars, and is beautifully situated on a
ucigut overlooking the Potomac. 1 he larni
buildings and tenant houses are in good repair,
and the soil of the farm is of excellent quality.
The Potomac steamers touch regularly at a
landing on the farm.
Terms cash. For further particulars apply t<>
It. 11. LEWIS, Substituted Trust cor
Oak drove, Westmoreland eo., Yu., oct20-eots
lly lireeii d Wise,
[Ileal Estate Agents and Auctioneers.]
CtO.M.M TSSION KltS' SALE OF Pit INC E
STREET PROPERTY.?In execution of
a dee roe of the Circuit Court of Alexandria eo.,
rendered at November term, ISiIS, in the suit of
Mary King vs. John It. Wouster, the undersigned
will oiler for sale, at public auction, on
SATC RDA Y, the lltli day of November next,
ill 12 o'clock m., in front of the Mansion House,
in the city of A lexandria, a LOT o F U ItOll N I'
in the city of Alexandria, with the Til KEE-^
STOllY BRICK HOUSE thereon, hounded filiS
us follows Beginning !?2 feet west of Union si.
mid 2'.i h*et In inches south of Prince Street, and
running thence north with a line parallel to
Union street, and binding upon an alley 21.' feet
It) inches to Prince street; thence along Prince
urect 17 feet'.) inehei; thence south parallel to
Union street 11 feet I inches, liloreorless; thnnee
west parallel with Prince street Id feetitiches,
more or less; tlicnee south parallel to Union si.
22 feet 1 inches, more or less theqeo west parallel
to Prince street ti Icet 1 inches thence north
parallel with Union street 6 feet 10 inches to the
southern extremity of a line of hoard fence supiraling
the lot from the line of the lot conveyed
jy Join) C. Vowel! t" Samuel II. Dcvauglin;
.hence along the said hoard fence and the woml>n
gate connected with it, 32 feet 1 inch to the
jegmning.
Terms: One third of the purchase money in
'iisli, and the residue in two equal instalments at
ix and twelve mouths from the day of sale,
villi interest; the purchaser to give his bonds
or the deferred instalments, and the title to he
ctained until the purchase money ir fully paid.
Stamps and conveyancing at the cost ol the
uirchaser.
S. FEKOUSON BRA'Aale.
net l?-eot? U "V-W'A RLE FA KM, 1 N
CO., NEAR THE CITY OF
A ..w\ Js lilil A: FOR SA LE.?By virtue ol a
icrt e of the Circuit Court ior me county <?i
airfax, rendered in the suit of Mason vs. Maui
and others, the undersigned, commissioners,
ill sell, on SATURDAY, the 11th day of Noember
next, at 12 o'clock m., in front of the
Innsion House Hotel, in tne city of Alexandria,
tat VALUABLE FA KM, in the county of
airfax, within a few miles of the city of Alexndria,
well known as the estate of the late Dr.
C. Mason. This desirable farm contains 771
L'ros, 2 roods and 20 poles. The soil is very ferle,
u portion of it being rich meadow land. The
irm is delightfully situated in an excellent
eighborliood, and adjoining "Iluntley" and
ther lands: in a high state of cultivation. The
irm lias been divided into three tracts, and will
e sold as a whole or subdivided to buil purliasers.
Terms: One-fourth of the purchase money to
e paid in cash, and the residue in three e<jual
istnlmcuts at G, 12 and IS months, with interest
ojii the day of sale; the deferred payments to
e secur. d by the notes of the purchaser, satisictorily
endorsed, and the title to be retained
ntil the purchase money is fully paid. Stamps
nd conveyancing at the cxpenseof the purchasr.
II. O. CLAIJCtIITON,
M. D. BALL, (Jomm'ra.
Fairfax county*, octU-2nwts
COMMISSIONER'S SALE OF VALUAU
BLE REAL ESTATE IN FAIRFAX
JOUNTY.?By virtue of a decree of the Circuit
,'ourt of Fairfax county, pronounced at the.Iunu
;rni, 1 in the suit of Grady's ndministra
>r vs. J nines .J. ljove unu owicrs, mu unw.-iigned,
commissioner, in said decree mimed,
;ill, on MONDAY, the Oth duy ol" November,
871, that being Circuit Court day, oflcr for sale,
?the highest bidder, before the door of the
Jourt House of Fairfax county, at 12 o'clock m.,
lint valuable TRACT OF LAN 1), lying on the
iernmntown road, in said county, about four
liles west of Vienna station, and on which Mr.
'inklield resides, containing JilM ACRKS. This
ind is improved bv a new FKAMK DWKbj
1N 0, with other buildings has an abutialien
of wood, is finely watered, and the.uijja.
>>il susceptible of easy and rapid improvciucnt.
Terms: One-tenth of the purchase money in
land on the day of sale, liable to be forfeited
liould the purchaser fail to complete his purbase;
the residue in three eijual instalments,
layable at six, twelve and eighteen months, with
riterest from thn day of sale, to be secured by
he notes of the purchaser, and the title to be reained
until the last payment is made. Stamps
md deed at the cost of the purchaser.
MATT1IKW HARRISON, Coin, of Sale.
Fairfax county, sop 27-wts
OKKCKANT'S SALK.?Ry virtu re of an <tO
der issued by the Corporation Court of the
Jity of Alexandria, at the Julvterm, 1871, and
o me directed in the case of Samuel 1'. Tlmt.ip;on
vs. John McCracken, 1 will sell at public
motion in front of the premises on TJ1UKSDA V
he Uth day of November, 1871, at 1 o'clock
I'. M., all the right, title and interest (the same
icing the fee simple estate subject to the life inerost
of his wife Mary McCraekenj of the said
John C. M'-Craeken, in the RKICK.
DWELLING and LOT, occupied by
Ik M. Monroe,situated in the city of Alexandria,
il... tide of Water street, between King
md Prince streets, to Llio highest bidder.
Terms cn.-li. J. ?M. STKUART,
net'.)?Pots Sergeant.
rrJIH b A LT1 .M O K E I'AKLOJt glTKKN.
S. B. SEXTON'S
New Patented Self-Feeding Uase-burning
PAKLOK F1KF PLACE STOVE.
M r. S. U. Sexton i- the (.rigirm! inventorof the
IHumiliating Uullimore Fire i'luce Heaters.
1 lis Severn 1 succeeding patents have heen improvements,
until this last is thosuperior of them
all. Jt excels all the popular Fire Place Stove*
in bounty of Jinish, tasteful carving, and in heating
power. Jt is the result of twenty-two year.-.'
practical experience in inventing and manufacturing
Fire J'laec Stoves, and combines all the
improvements of our former Stoves, wit).' additional
improvements made thi- present seasor
This Stove i? a decided success. .Several hundred
of thorn were put up in dwellings during
the latter part of the Fall and during the Winter,
and we have received many testimonial.giving
them the highest praise for powerful
heating capacity and economy in the consumption
of fuel.
THE JOINING ROOM QL'EKN.?-We have
added u new Fire Place Stove to our list this
season. This Stove i- suitable for dining rooms.
Jt is very ornamental and would answer for narh>rs
also. It has the convenience "''a large oven,
which can he used for warming plates, and heating
irons, as wejl as baking and boiling.
We also manufacture the UALTfMORK
I'AliJjOli JIEATKKS, which are Toj?-Feeding
and Self-Feeding Stove, '1 hey are beautifully
firii.-hcd and of great heating power.
For sale, wholesale and retail, bv
S. JJ. SKXToN CO.,
Ill est Lombard st., Raltirnore.
For sale in Alexandria by
jy 31-Siii _ TIIOS. IIOY.
K A K RS! UK A V K RS!
P.lue, Urown, Dahlia and Ulaek UK AVER
CLOTHS, for Overcoats, Cloaks and Capes, at
oct 18 WITMER A SLAYMAKKli'S,