r
A dvirtHen Sitt uSit.Uifti cad tntl. Ujh&fO, 'j
-WTANTS. 11
ii in lor. S1.000. J00
W taatslmera.. Ca et.S.o7J, KortU
Clieny street.
WA2STEB TEACHER, THOROUGHLY
competent in Painting! Drawing and
Frcncn.V. T. A. CRENSHAW,
smith Kontucky College, Hopklnsvllle, Eyv
ocl-Wtw--
nflfflfAND AMERICAN
TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE.
SSWATK.
FiuDAy,0ct.,13. The Senate inet.at 40
A. m., Speaker Vaughn in this chair.
SEW HILLS.
The folio wing bills were introduced and
passed a' first reading:
By Jlr. Clarke: To change the line be
tween the counties, of Smith and DcKalb.'
By Sir. SEaley: To prescribe the oath
against duelling.
By SncakerVaua;hh:ro hahge tlie ten
ure of the State Librarian's office, so as to
make it co-equal with the Governor'a term
of office.
SMALL DISTILLERIES.
Mr. Gibson offered the following joint res
olution: Whereas, the present laws, of the Fede
ral Government in regard" to the distribu
tion of spirituous liquors are so framed as
to be applicable to large distilleries only;
and whereas, said laws arc unjust and op
pressive in their operation upon the small
distilleries In our State, and -are In their ef
fect prohibitory upon such small distilleries;
therefore,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly
of the State of Tennessee, that our Sena
torsand Representatives in Congress be and
they are hereby requested to use their in
fluence to lave the law upon the subject of
distilling liquors so changed as to enable
the small distilleries in Tennessee to operate
with the small copper stills used in this
State. The. resolution liestovcr.
UOrPE RESOLUTIONS.
House resolution directing the Committee
on Banking to make inquiries as to the
whereabouts of the plates and dies on
which 'the old and new issues of the Bank
of Tennessee were printed, was adopted.
House' resolution to print two thousand
copies of the Comptroller's report having
been read,
Mr. JHerritt moved in amendment that
one thousand copies be printed in German.
Mr. Bidley moved to lay the amendment
on the table. Carried ayes 12, noes 8.
The resolution was then adopted.
HOUSE HILLS OX SECOND READING.
To. repealan "act for the relief of pen
sioners, pajSsed March 10, I860." Rejected.'
To abolish the office of County Judge of
Decatur county. Passed.
HOUSE BILLS OX FIRST KEADIxdf
To change the line between the counties
of Campbell and Claiborne.
To change the time of holding the Chan
cery Court of Cheatham county.
6ENATE BILLS OX THIRD READING.
To io justice in cases of appeal from Jus
tices' Courts. Passsd.
In relation to uncalled for costs. Laid on
the table.
SENATE BILLS OX SEOOXD READING.
To make the crime of rape a capital of
fence. Passed.
To change the time for holding Circuit
Courts in and for the Eleventh Judicial
Circuit. Passed.
To amend the law in relation to the ap
prenticing colored children. Withdrawn.
To repeal section 3,lft$ "of the Code, to
regulate appeal Ixnids. Passed.
To modify and construe an act passed
March 19, 1800. Rejected.
To allow an additional Justice of" the
Feace to the first civil district of Monroe
county. -Passed.
To regulate tie advertisement of sales.
Passed.
To amend the assessment law so as to
limit'the pay of the Assessor. Passed.
Adjourned till 10 A. si. tomorrow.
HOCSE OF KEPnESEJiTATTVES.
Friday, Oct.. 13. The House was called
to order at 10 o'clock.
XEW BILLS AXD RESOLUTIONS.
Ry Mr. Tillman: A resolution providing
that, in order to save expense, the names of
absentees only should be entered on the
journal at roll call each day. Taken upand
rejected. The vote of rejection was subse
quently reconsidered and the resolution
adopted.
By Mr. Gordon: To establish a Criminal
Court in the counties of Williamson, Maury,
Giles and Marshall.
By Mr. Carr: A bill to amend section 4039
of the Code.
By M. Martin A bill to create county
work-houses anil to provide for the govern
ment thereof. It provides tliat in the case
of criminals sentcncM to imprisonment in
the penitentiary or county jails for a period
less than three years, such criminals sliall
Ikj placed in the county woik-houses. The
bill provides, in detail, for the government
of such county work-houses, the wages to
be paid the convicts, etc., the bill to take ef
fect from the 1st of January, 1872. Pass
ed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Uy Mr. McGhee A bill to amend the act
nutboriing Chancery Courts to grant let
ters", of incorporation, so as to -meet the case
of narrow-gauge railroads.
By Mr. Thomas: A bill to amend the act
coiderring criminal jurisdiction on the
County Court of Hamilton countj.
By Mr. Guild: A bill to exempt the new
counties of" the State from paying State
taxes for tno years.
By Mr. Harris. A bill to provide for thff
sale of real estate under decrees of inferior
courts.
By Mr. Leach: A bill to amend the act
authorizing the citizens of Dickson county
to vote fori new county site.
By Mr. Allison, of Smith: A bill to
amend Miction 1,290 of the Code.
By Mr. Trousdale: A joint resolution ap
pointing a joint committee to call-on Mrs.
James K. Polk and apprise her that the
members of the Legislature would be pleas
ed to call on her in a oody whenever it
would suit her convenience. Adopted.
I3y Mr. Harris: A resolution appointing a
joint, committee to investigate the affairs of
the Bank of Tennessee with reference to
Southern moneys. Taken up and adopted.
SEX ATE HILLS OX FIRST READIXO.
To regulate the time Of trials in Justices'
Courts.'
SKXATE RESOLUTIOXS.
Indorsing the official conduct of Hon.
Connolly T. Trigg, and paying a tribute to
his lcaruirjg and worth.
Mr. Harris moved to non-concur in the
-resolution, Lecaus la- considered it unne
cessary to single out one Judge a3a subject
"foreuioj-.
Mr. Lewis was of Ihe same opinion.
Mr. lift moved to concur since the Sen
ate had adopted the resolution.
The resolution was non-concurred in.
AutlH)riziiig the Secretary iif State to re-
lur.i to CounU Clerks the papers of certain
parties who liave filed cbims. Adopted.
Itequesting thoComptrollerand Treasur
er to rejiort liother any new issues of the
Ba ik of Te mese had lven paid in since
Mav 0, 1801.
IIOtE RILL- OX M: OX1) READIXO.
To protect proper! v holders against the
dcprodiitinns of slock. Passed.
To repeal tl.f law establishing the Law
I ourt of Nashville. Passed and referred to
the Judiciarr Committee.
To iiuTcaM' the fees of registers. Passed.
To ostaUUh Ciicuit and Chancery Courts
fur tlie. anility of James. Passed.
AlRjlMiing tlie privilege tax on insurance
companies.- Passed.
To cliiinge the line between the comities
"of Scotland Ken'rv. Passed.
To amend serlion l."4!( and 45."0 of the
Code in rcfeiviee t f Jiutiees of
the Peace.
II&USE RILLS OX THIRD READING.
To amend section 2330 of the Code in
reference to physicians' fees. Passqd.
To amend.the bill making house-breaking
a apital oflc ise. Passed.
The Houx-" took 'a fecess until 3 o'clock
1ipii it re-.issembled.
House bill to protect creditors and muo
wiit purchasers, in the sale of jversonal pro
perty, was ljid.upp.nthe tabic, after consider
able discussion.
J1ANK OF-TENNESSEE NOTES.
A6mmumication was recelvcd from the
Comptroller, in response to joint resolution
in relation to new issues of the' Bank of
To'nnesseo.ja!atiug that there had lieen no
bills issitedInce May C, 1801, received Into
tl..x&siryj but there had been about ?10,
S'Jl'ofiiiotesJssued prior, to that date .re
ceived! by the Treasurer.
Adjjumcd.until 10 a. at. to-morrow.
TIlrrMM, M aaj manWTTSIl'WTi' 1 MB MM M
l Wr
BESTRUCTION JK' CfflOAGOJ
4 i ism&zmA tifdMim
Origin naidfregress tf4tMX!6fifiagnft
jt
PeB-IMctHres orilx'tniordlnary Street
Scenes The Roar ofi the Elements
aad the Wnlllnu of the People A
tXight'of" Terror-ATTflopelefis'Dawn
Ghoals of .Hate 'AM oris, the. Rains
The SccoadXljfht of "oo-T)entIi off
the Beach.
Correspondence of the $L LouU,Beputllcan,
Chicago, Oct. 10, 1671-The greatest
conflagration of modern times lias been
raging in this city since 10 o'clock on Sun
day night.. We have been visited by an ap-
-it T .1 .O.
.was one of the proudest cities on the
American continent; to-day more than ono
thlrd in extent, and two-thirds in Talne, "of
this great city arc but ashes, and broken
walls and heaps of rubbish.- Tlse at a
distance can hare not the most remote' con
ception of the extent of the ruin wrought.
Even the coolest intellects are awe-stricken
at the magnitude of the disaster. Lan
guage is inadequate, lo: describe" tlie scenes
by which we are surrounded. Dispatches
could have given you but a faint conception
of the vast extent of the district devastated,
and the value- of tho property destroyed.
Your correspondent realizes to the full the
utter impracticability of any effort to give
ypur readers anything like a complete ac
count or the great conflagration wlucn nas
destroyed this fair city. In the midst of
confusion, of the wildest scenes, with smoke
clouds over me, ana black and smoKing
nuns before and around me, I undertake to
give as succinct, an account ot Uie origin
and progress of the fire and describe such
scenes connected with Jt as the. circum
stances of the case seem to require. Per
haps nothing like the disaster of which I
write lias occurred since men began to keep
records of events.
SCKXES DCKIXa TIIE FIRE.
In a catastrophe of this character it is
impossible tliat anything like a full present
ment of details can be made, or indeed ever
will be made. As in a great battle, even
spectators of the whole progress of the ter
nblo devastation are poor reporters ot wtiat
they actually saw. The excitement, the
magnitude of the panorama of horror, so
absorbs, jsq facinatcs the faculties, the inci
dents and particulars of each minute are
forgotten even if clearly seen. Standing in
a comparatively safe spot near the junction j
of the.lfprth and South rivers, I surveyed
a waste of ruin and flame extending to the
lake in front, and on either hand far beyond
what it was possible to sqe,. and then, per
haps, more than at any other time, tne
magnitude of the great calamity burst upon
Toy mind. The conflagration was still fun- j
ously progressing, but J. looked not so mucn
at the fiery line fighting so fiercely, as at the
wilderness of rum over wmch it haa re
morselessly swept. Where are tho traces of
architectural stateliness? Where are the
proud structures, the magnificent stores and j
business palaces which had been the glory
of Chicago? Vanished as if before the
breath, ofau enchanter. Nothing left even
to indicate their character nothing but the
reverse of their greatness and beauty.
Here, where stood a proud, exultant
city here, wliere throbbed the heart of its
commercial energy is nothing but a.nigged
chaotic expanse of desolate destruction
an unsightly broken pbinr still hot with
unsubdued flame, and rolling upward a dun
colored cloud of smoke. Here and there
were walls in -which w're huge gaps, and
the jagged peaks rose, with bleak, uneaven
profile, while between such stark sentinels
were wide spices covered with that black
and horrible debris which only a tempest of
flame can leave behind. The lines of street
were obliterated, for so intense had been the
action of the heat and the force of miles
of flame fanned by "a wiud-storm, that
houses not Bierely crumbled and fell, but
burst open and scattered the materials of
walls on all sides, while the lighter wooden
stuff of the interior was torn up into the air
as by an awful suction and shed abroad
from a great height. Before the power of
such a fire even, the biggest structures
yielded up its whole space it seemed as If
in a moment. Walls fell outward or in
ward as if melted or uprooted, and the
flames bounded onward with a speed in
conceivable. The extraordinary, speedy
demolition of buildings was owing matidy
to their being attacked on two or three
sides by flames at tlie same time and the
terrible neat tliat preceded the immediate
coming of the fire. The wind blowing
strongly, bore the breath of miles of fire
and actually parched and scorched all timber
and brick while the actual conflagration was
yet blocks distant, so tliat all inflammable
material became so heated and dry that it
sprang into flames without other contact.
The vast extent of the fire front bewildered
and confused persons fleeing for safety and
often they found themselves circumvented
by a roaring hell all of a sudden and
perished in a moment.
TIIE COXFl'SIOX.
But -while tlie cyo dwelt on the horrifying
scenes what a mingled tumult smote the ear.
The voices of excited multitudes near and
in distance blended into a dull rushing
sound, while the progress of fire gave up a
noise like tlie roar of a burning forest and
the heavens glowed as if transmuted into
brass". It was a spectacle, a tune words
cannot portray. The unutterable pathos of
the ruin was forgotten hi the spell of its ap
palling grandeur and a dumb wonder at the
triumph of fire over all that was great in a
splendid city.
MOW THE FIRE ORIGINATED.
It is now pretty well settled in the minds
of the people tliat the fire originated in one
of two ways. The first of the theories is
based upon the statement of a little girl who
resided on West Side some blocks south of
Jackson street. She states tliat some boys
were playing with matches in a building
where there was a collection of light com
bustible materials, tliat the flames of the
matches coming hi contact with theso shav
ings, they were ignited, and in an incredi
bly short stace of tune, the building was
one vast pyramid of fire. The wind at the
time was blowing from the south in a per
fect gale. The alarm was given, but before
the fire department could get in position to
effectively work against a further progress
of the fire a number of buildings were in
flames, and the wind was sweeping tho de
vouring element northward witii wonder
fid rapidity.
The other theory is based upon the state
ment of a gentleman who positively asserts
tliat the fire was caused in the first instance
by the explosion of a coal oil lamp, instead
of from the careless use of matches by boys.
Both statements locate the origin of the fire
in the same house at the corner of Canal
port avenue aud Halstead street, in the
southwestern part of the. city, between one
and two miles from the courthouse, known
as the pork picking and lumber district.
THE PREMOXITTOXS OF RUIX.
It was between 9 and 10 o'clock when
tho alarm was given. One statement pla
ces tho time as late as 10 o'clock, while
others assert tliat the fire was first discov
ered about 9 o'clock. It was probably a
few minutes after that time. The weather
liad leen exceedingly dry; tlie wind was
blowing almost a gale from the south
west. The fire, starting in a neighborhood
wliere there were numerous lumber yards,
planing mills, and other wooden struc
tures, fed upon these light combusti
bles, and the flames spread with incredible
rapidity. The whole lieavens were lighted
up with a lurid glare. Vast volumes of
flimen sepmed at times to have been de
tached by the fury of the gale and precipi
tated forward over entire squares, kindling
new fires to feed other flame cohunns to be
hurried forward on their mission of devas
tation. PROGRESS OF TIIE C0XFLAGRATIOX.
It was now a little after 10 o'clock. The
lire had already made fearful havoc. A
as: tract, p-:iliap3 :0 or -10 blocks on the
West Side, north and south of Jackson
street, was one great field of fire. As yet,
the people on the East Side felt themselves
compuntively safe. They had little appre
hension that the fire would cross the river.
The light from the burning city illuminated
the heavens with a fearful glare. Tho
stivets were filled by an excited multitude.
People from the West Side were fleeing
from their burning homes. The noise of
the roaring tornado of flames as it swept
onward in its career of devastation roso
above the tumult and din of the great house
less multitude that fled before its devouring
fury.
Up to this time tlie inhabitants on the
East Side had been hopeful. They relied
largeiy on the cliaracter of their great iron
and stone, -.front' buildings. The track of
tlie fne-fiend was already nearly a mile
io length, &n4 half a mile wide. A' vast
multitude, hurried .from their burning
SiHrancina' columns of flames. Tlie wind
whistled and howJeO3tflr0j! Ihfetreetsa
and the bneht heht of tlie fire every moment
irpyr brighter., ,The;heatJtt tStfyicinHy;
the are became intense, as the winas wnneu
the glowing timbers to a whiter heat
Still In the lower part of tlie city in the
vicinity' of the greatliotels: and .business the
feeling amonc the people was more that of
commiseration for the sufferers.iu tho West ,i
eide thattapprehenslonlfor their own. safety.
They did'iiot as yeffiilly"belicve thatli would
cross the river. Still tlie wind roared
through the "streets, and. still Xhe flames
blazed and crackled among the timbers of
fast consuming dwellings and shops along
Jackson street, and north. of that street on
the West Side. The crowds in the streets,
in the eastern part of the city, were every
moment grooving larger; the noise, was. In
creasing. It "was now fully evident that the
fire engmesjcould, do. .nothing to resist the
onward march of the flames. A feeling of
uneasiness began to pervade the thronging
mnltltOTelD-the"Street5:
TIIE FIRE CROSSES THE RIVER.
It -was now .a little afterjl o'clock. The
fire was raging along.thlT West Side up. to
tlie riveri exteudingirom Jackson to Adams
street. Men forgot the flight of time mo
ments became hours. Some buildings in
tlie neighborhood of Jackson street, on the
East Side, were proclaimed tbubo oh fire.
he Jackson street bridge was a'J ablaze.
The hearts of, the. people en the. East Side
sunk within them. They.aow fully .real
izedthe magnitude of the danger. The
winds were blowing great sheets of fire
down.into the heart .of the city. Strong
men trembled, women shrieked, and chil
dren became frantic
In an incredibly short space of time .the
fire had reached Wells street, and'with an
other leap the stately buildings on Lasalle
street were all ablaze. From Jackson street
northward the fire column seemed to leap
forward to Adams, Monroe, and on toward
Madison street. One of the finest quarters
of the city was now swallowed, as it were,
in a vortex of fire. No pen can fully de-J
scribe the condition of things at this time.
STREET SCEXES.
Truly It would be impossible to find lan
guage to. describe the scenes 'which followed
the announcement that tlie fire-fiend had
crossed the river, and was rapidly making
way tlirough the very centre of the city.
1 1 was now midnight The heavens were
lighted up with a lurid glare, the vast.surg
ing multitude swayed to and fro, wbileabove
the roar of the wind, and the crackling of
the flames, rose the confused noise of shout
ing men and wailing women. Mercliants
were gathering up their most valuable ar
ticles, such as books aud papers landlords
were arousing their guests, and advising
hasty departures; men, loaded with the
most precious articles of the household, fol-,
lowed by awe-stricken women and frantic
children, were rushing away from the lire
demon as rapidly as the thronged condition
of the streets would admit; women, sepa
rated from their families, gave utterance to
shrieks that rang out clear and shrill above
the horrible roar of tlie devouriug flames
and the wild moan of the wind as it swept
the fiery deluge along in its march of ruiiL
Vast smoke clouds hovered over all the
central and northern part of the city. The
fire-light reflected back from the dense
smoke, shone with a baleful red glare that
was truly awe-inspiring. Strong men grew
powerless, and became frantic in face of the
appalling calamity.
PROGRESS OF TIIE FLAMES.
By 12 o'clock the fire had made consider
able progress on the South Side, and in
another hour it was raging with great fury
as far cast as Wells, La Salle and Clark
streets, and as far north as Monroe and Ad
ams streets. The wind all the time was
blowing a perfect gale from the southwest.
Great mass ot flaming boards, shingles, etc.,
were carried by the wind to the distance of
half a block or more and deposited on roofs,
thus creating fires in advance of the main
column. The first rush toward the North
division was stayed. The smoke in tliat
quarter was suffocating. People could
scarcely breathe. The course taken by the
alarmed midtitude now set in toward Mich
igan avenue and the lake shore. The whole
space between the buildings and the lake
was soon filled, and as far south as Lake
Park and even further, were collected, per
liaps, 100,000 people by 2 o'clock on Monday
morning,
No pen can describe the scene presented
at 2 o'clock on Monday morning. The
whole central portion of the city was in
volved in ruiu. It were a useless task to
essay to deal in particulars. Individuals
were lost sight of in the vast surging multi
tudes turned into the streets. So particu
lar localities lost all notice amid the general
ruin of an entire city. And still the multi
tude increased along the lake shore and on
Michigan avenue. Not long were they al
lowed to remain there. The fire fiend was
in close and hot pursuit. Several blocks on
that avenue were ignited from the flying
flakes of fire, and the great crowd was
pushed further toward the south.
At this tunc tlie tire had extended east to
abash and Michigan avenues, and was
moving nth toward the river. The board
of trade building, the court-house, the Met
ropolitan hotel, the post-office, St. James
hotel, Sherman house, the Tremont
house, Matteson house and a vast number
of the best business houses in the very cen
tre of the city, were all burning. Before
daylight tlie whole district between the
river and Wabash avenue, and from Jack
son street was one great fiery furnace.
Several blocks of magnificent structures on
Wabash avenue, extending east to Michigan
avenue, which it was thought for a time
woidd resist tlie fury of the fiery tornado, at
lastsuccnmbednd were speedily made into
a shapeless heap of rains.
ALOXG TIIE LAKE SHORE.
The intense heat of tho fire in the city
had forced the vast mtdtitutes collected
along Michigan avenue back to the furthest
verge of the beach, and southward into
Lake park, and even down to Cottage
grove. The day dawn found not fewor
than 75,000 people exposed to Hie wind
and mist of the lake, who liad been but a
few short hours before surrounded by the
comforts of home.
It is impossible to describe the scene pre
sented by theso now lwuseless, homeless,
and in many cases penniless people, nither
liad been brought the old, the infirm and
the sick, rescued from burning homes. It
was indeed a pitiable sight to see the pale,
emaciated and suffering men, women and
children, removed from comfortable couches,
and laid out in the open air with perhaps
only a blanket or two under them, and only
the smoke-liazed sky for a covering above
them. The amount of suffering thus en
tailed upon tho helpless sick, cannot be
estimated.
A SLEEPLESS XIGHT AXD HOPELESS
DAWX.
All night the fire fiend continued its dread
work of devastation. Sjrangers liad been
hurried from their quarters in the hotels and
compelled to take their cliauces, in the
general chaos Into which every thing was
thrown by the untoward calamity to the
city.
All night the hurrying througs liad been
driven before the fast-traveling flames.
Goods taken from burniug houses to locali
ties supposed to be safe were soon endan
gered again, and had to be removed to still
more remote sections of the city, or aban
doned at last as a prey to the flames. Sud
denly, enveloped in dense clouds of suffo
cating sinoke, great crowds rushed into the
lake or the river. The number of lives thus
lost must have been great. Keliable persons
state tliat they saw numbers of people
throwing themselves into the lake toes
cape a more horrible fate by being strangled
by the stilling clouds of hot smoke from the
raging cauldron of fire on the south side of
the river.
If the night had been one of alarms, and
ceaseless anxiety to scores" of thousands, the
dawn found them hopeless and despairing.
The wind, which had been blowing from the
first a breeze that amounted almost to a
gale, seemed to gather strength with the
coming day, and careered over the doomed
city, creating whirlwinds of fire, which
seemed to clutch every- object, and reach far
out in quest of more food to appease its in
satiate fury.
The light from the first buildings which
had fallen a prey to the flames had not
faded away, before the advance columns of
fire were two miles away, in the North
division, leaving in its track but glowing
fires and. driftiug ashes.
SOME STRIKIXO IXCIDEXTS.
At onetime, after the fire had been raging
in the centre of the city, and while the fire
was raging on the south side of the river, a
considerable number of persons were cut
off from crossing and could not retreat on
account of the flames. The water, or the
flro was the alternative presented. Notlong
did they hesitate, and the whole party were
soon strumling in the river. It is not known
if all safely reached the shore; but one
brave fellow seized a, little girl, plunged in
aid. safely' crossed, with his precious bur
ilen.
8GI TifK'tinouis, AJtpxp toe; jiuixs.
No sooner was tlie extent of the disaster
known abroad,-than the ghouls of the race,
who ,CYcr,hau jit scenes of disaster and mis
fortune, began to father. Thieves mingled
with the ereatstneken multitude and lnwi-
lyplfcu. tlrtir .vocatlc-n, even jn that dire
the fleeing inhabitants as they came from
.weir oiaziug uumu, auucuucavoreaio lane
what little remained to. jthem, saved from
the general wreck. Hackmen and express
drivers and car-men seemed lo have' lost all
conscience, and charged fabulous sums for
conveying a load from the scene of distrac
tion to a safe distance. Men who had large
sums of money, endeavoring to convey it
away .to places of safety, were beset by
thieves, even in. the street, in the garisi
light of their consuming houses, and robbed
of their remaining all.
One instance is known of a hackman ex
acting from a distracted, husband $250 to
convey bis invalid wife from his burning
homo to a place of safety. Twenty-five
dollars was regarded as a very moderate
cliarce for an express wagon to take a load
Jen squares, $50 and $100 were frequently
demanded anu pain ior me use ot a wagon
and team of. two horses for half an hour.
It seemed that half the people of this class
had turned out to be thieves and robbers of
the most dangerous character. Instances
"are known in which hackmen agreed to
T. J!.. fM.m till Wkmstn r C AtZ.
wuvcjr faults iiuu A&giuu ui uiaasier wj
a place of safety, and when a little way
from the crowds, deliberately robbed them
dPthelr jewelry and whatever valuables
they might have auoui uiem, and then turn
ing them out of their cabs to take care of
themselves.
When the fire was raging along Lasalle,
Clark and State streets, and sweeping on
ward toward Washington and Randolph,
toward tho north, the great commercial
houses were thrown open and an effort
made to save the most valuable goods. The
harvest of the thieves began at this time.
The police liad lost control. Those intent
on profiting by the fire now -went in with a
zest. They loaded themselves with the
richest goods, aud sought a place of con
cealment. A hanker had a cash-box In his
hand containing $50,000, which he was en
deavoring to convey away. Three despe
radoes seized, upon him with the intention
of robbing him. To prevent it he threw
the box with its valuable contents into the
fire, rather than yield it to those ghouls of
disastrous fate.
THE STARVIXQ MULTITUDE.
Monday morning broke with the fire-fiend
still sweeping onward in its devastating
course through the north division.
All night the houseless and homeless peo
ple, filled with anxiety, and frequently
startled by fresh alarms, liad watched the
sublime and awful conflagration as it hur
ried forward to fresh conquests over the
proudest works of man.
Many in the vast tlirong of anxious spec
tators of the awful scene had been startled
by the first alarm, and left their homes sup
eriess; but the night passed and the day
came again, bringing no prospects of break
fast. The sun mounted toward the zenith,
and yet the gnawings ef hunger was not ap
peased. The scene became pitiable in the
extreme. Thousands of children, who had
never known wliat it was to want even for
the luxuries of life, now pitiously cried for
bread they could not get. Men with hag
gard look, and blood-shot eyes, wearied by
exertion and anxious care, unrefreshed by
slumber or foed, moved about with a
listless air, and if spoken to, frequently re
turned for an answer, a vacant and mean
ingless stare, as if reason and the power of
utterance liad vanished together.
The day wore slowly away, and still
thousands liad taken no food. Tlie cries of
the children became more boisterous; wo
men wept, and even strong men bowed in
unutterable agony.
Hie wind blew clouds of dust, ashes and
smoke into their very faces, and enveloped
and covered them up, until they scarcely
wore the semblance of human beings.
Nothing I ever saw; nothing I ever read
about; nothing tlie imagination ever con
jured up, ever presented to my mind so ter
rible a picture or human woe, as the scene
witnessed by the lakeside on that terrible
evening. There rolled up the dark, porten
tous clouds of smoke, mingled with the red
tongues of flame, mounting high up into tlie
lieavens, tliat told of a devastated and rained
city. Here were the nliabitants, hurried
out into the streets almost without warning;
away from their homes, destitute of every
thing that could minister to their comfort;
crying for bread, wearied by watching, and
awe-stricken by the extent of their misfor
tunes. It was altogether such a scene as
the world has seldom witnessed.
The red sun went down behind the
smoke-cloud. The mantle of night unrolled
over the nulled waters of the lake. The
lurid fire-light of the still burning city cast
a great glare over the scene. But never In
the liistory of man has a day closed so sadly
with so many hundreds of thousands of
people watching by the smouldering ruins
of their homes. Never before has night
fallen on rains so vast, so suddenly made.
THE SCEXE AT XIGHT.
If the day liad passed so sadly and so ter
ribly, the nicht came on with still gloomier
prospects. Toward evening some train
loads of provisions had arrived, and an ef
fort was made to supply the immediate de
mands of the most necessitious. Tlie pangs
of hunger were in many cases appeased.
But the smouldering rains still fitfully
blazed here and there, with a strange, wild
light, marking out distinctlj the devastating
track of the tornado of fire that liad swept
tlirouch it.
Further away loomed up the grand and
glowing light of the fire cloud, as it rolled
away beyond the river to tlie northward.
The clatter, the noise, the buz, hum, and
confusion which had prevailed during the
previous night had sobered down some
wliat. The exhilarating effects of the first
great storm of excitement had passed away.
Exhaustion had succeeded; the lithe move
ments liad ceased. Men moped around;
women sobd themselves into uneasy
slumbers wherever they could find a place
under the broad canopy of heaven. The
wailings of distressed and homeless children
came borne in subdued murmurs on the
night wind. Policemen, wearied by their
constat exertion, lose meir watcniumcss,
aud moved about with vacant, listless air,
while the ghouls that haunted the
scene of disaster plundered at will.
Devils, wearing the form of men,
went about robbing the helpless and
Insulting the teeble and delenceiess. ine
sick, carried from homes of comfort and laid
under the trees in the parks and on the
beach, expired unattended by groups ot sor
rowing friends died alone, with the earth
for a couch and the sky lora canopy.
Even amid thase terrible scenes, which
were sufficient to move the very stones to
cry out in an agony of sympathy, there
moved amid the wreck and through the
smoke-filled streets, beings wearing the
forms of men, but with minds and hearts
filled with more than satanic malignity, with
deliberate purpose and preiiared torches, to
assist tlie uncontrollable conflagration to a
more speedy triumph. I hear tliat two of
these genii of destruction were caught with
saturated shaviugs, in the act of setting tire
to a house and hanged immediately on a
lamp-post. It is also stated, and I sliall be
only too liappy to confirm the report, that
five other human ghouls were caught, while
maltreating and robbing the helpless, and
summarily shot.
COMPLAIXTS.
Reports of inhumanity on the part of the
wealthy whose houses happened to be in the
unburned district are frequent. It is said
they barricaded their residences, barred and
locked their doors, drove the distressed,
who had' congregated in their court yards
and sheds away and refused to allow even
the scant shelter they sought in that hour of
their great extremity. Some of the scenes
were extremely pitiable. Mothers with
starving babes perishing from want and cold,
besought with heartrending supplications a
little of the kindness which might have been
extended apparently without danger of pil
lage by the rabble. But it was every one
for himself, and there was no cliarity. The
fear of plunder deadened men's hearts and
women's sympatldes, and the harsh treat
ment returned in a way entirely unexpect
ed amLwith a vengeance. which was terrible.
Ruhoansjietfire' to mansiomaMiburned.
dovfihouses over the mmates'.headsTjIm;
maginatfon "cannotc picUiro,!'. the JhorjbIe
scenes c -Z, "X iHu-
Two brothers, named Richmond, have
been indicted in the court of Summers,
county, West Virginia, for the' murder of a
man named Bennett, after the close of the
war. The RIclunonds live in JRaleigh.
J3ennett was a Confederate soldier who had
just returned, when, it is alleged, the Rich-
monds went to ins nouse, canen mm out,
and shot him down In his own yard.
oiiiEsconrrr.
The Fair lino Stoek-3fHgftrlBS Oetaa
PrcmlHiH A Klch BIsplay lHTIoral
Xfall "Tripping- en7 the UfrhtFaB-tastIcoe."
Ihe attendance on the first and second J
days, owinir to the nnCivorablcness of the
weather, was but small, butthe amount and
excellence of stock that was exhibited will
compare favorably with that shown at any
other county fair in the State,
The hogs, cows and sheep were all supe
rior and show tho onward strides being
made by the people Of Giles In stock rais
ing. Mr. Smith, the worthy President of
.the Association; Mr. Rodes,Mr. Abernathy,
and Mr. Ledbetter were the principal exhib
itors. Thursday morninc ooened cool, brilliant
and bracing, and as the sun ascended and,
melted away the heavy frost the crowd at
the fair grounds begun to thicken, until at
12 o'clock there was quite a large number in
attendance. Ladies equipped in their
gaudy and becoming costumes were" ranged
on one side of the Director's stand, and the
gentlemen on the other a disposition that
certainly does not heighten the enjoyments
of the fair. One of the chief attractions at
such places Is the social Intercourse that
takes place, and when custom separates
Into different compartments thetwa sexes,
it induces a torpidity" and inaction in
the visitors more marked than cold or
rain. Most young visitors go to see
and to be seen, to court and to bo courted,
to laugh and to talk and to be merry. A
fair indeed should be an annual reunion of
all the citizens, where the older ones may
compare ideas, exchange experiences, adopt
plans, witness improvements, suggest
changes, and dissipate the cobwebs and
wipe away the dust which a year's' close at
tention to business may have created. It also
shonld be the place where the young men
and maidens fair, may become acquainted,
and also lay their plans for the future. A
proper attention to these things by having
a pleasant promenade, a grove of trees for
coquetry place, a pleasant spring and green
grass suggestive of pleasantthoughts,doesas
much to make a fair a success as excellent
stock, fine vegetables, beautiful ornamental
work and convenience of access.
The most noticeable ring on Thursday was
the one in which the celebrated Muggins
owned by W. G. S. Anderson, andthe
equally celebratec Gen. Roussau owned by
J. F. Smith, wero pitted against each other.
Both have graduated at tlie State Fair. Both
liave carried off premiums at most of
the country Fairs in the State, but it has so
liappened that they wero never placed in
the same ring in competition before. Both
of them entered the ring as conquerors and
bore themselves majestically. The gallant
Rousseau shining in his bright bay suit
walked every inch a king. Strong and pow
erful, with a commanding height he would
attract attention in any place in the world.
Shortly after his entry came the valiant
Muggins, whose name before a misfortune
that occurred to him was a synonym for
success on every race course in the United
States. Not so large as Rousseau, nor so
dignified, he yet bears himself with so much
spirit and fervorthat there were involun
tary exclamations of praise from the seats.
His coat of liair shines like satin and his
acthaty is remarkable. Old racemen
concur in the opinion tliat lie is the
finest horse in America. After a long con
sultation the premium was given to Mug
gins, and the certificate to Gen. Rousseau.
We have never seen a ring of more splendid
stallions, and we doubt whether two better
ones can be shown at any Fair in tlie United
States.
FLORAL HALL
is rich in ornamental work, vegetables and
textile fabrics. Tlie greatest curiosity on
exhibition is an old counterpane made 170
years ago, and lias been kept in the same
family ever since. It belongs to Mrs. Dr.
Taylor and is made of cotton, woven dimity
with figures of pine trees and other designs.
It was prepared for a wedding occasion and
no doubt lias been often admired by the
ladies and gentlemen of Virginia in colonial
times long before Washington and Frank
lin were born nearly a century before the
first white man settled in Tennessee in the
times when Orangemen and Rapperees were
names more familar then at present when
Pope was in the height of Ids glory and
men were living who had conversed with
Sliakcspeare, before Frederick' the Great as
cended tlie throne of Prussia one hundred
and seventy years ago, the cotton of which this
counterpane was made, was picked by" the
fingers, spun on a wheel, and woven in a
haudloom. Such old relics should be pre
served. They form a connecting link be
tween the past and the present an,l seem
to recall the immense improvements that
have been made.
Samuel Oit, of Richland Manufacturing
Company, had on exhibition a fine assort-'
ment of jeans and cassimeres. A beautiful
piece of cedar work, wrought by Mrs.
McKissack, was an object of admiration by
all visitors. There were wrought from
evergreens figures of saws, hatchets, ham
mers, squares, shovels, tongs, etc, etc. A
satin and velvet quilt made by an old lady
in Gallatin in 18C8, compelled the praises
of all. It was an elegant hexagonal, put
together with hexagons and diamonds, lined
with silk,lx)und with satin and edged with
cords, which cords terminated at each
corner into two rich tassels. There was
also a bird-trap quilt made of silk that was
greatly admired. Tlie bouquets were large
and tasteful. The display of cakes was
excellent, and one made by Mrs. Dora
Robertson, a mountain cake, was delicious,
melting in the mouth with the richness of
its ingredients. It took thejremium as it
should.
WIXES.
There were all sorts to be seen. Cucum
ber wine, tomato wine, blackberry wine,
currant and raspberry, grape and melon.
The committco after taking their time in
sampling, gave the premium for the best
grape wine to Cox Duniap on that made
of Ives Seedling. Mrs. Pliillips took pre
mium for scuppernong wine. On black
berry wino Mrs. Mersie Shields. As tho
local papers have given the premium lists
we deem it unnecessary to republish them.
THE HOP.
After tea on Thursday, Prof. Cleaveland
had a hop, where the young of both sexes
enjoyed themselves until a late hour of the
night. For the number present tliere were
more elegant ladies in attendance tlian we
have ever seen. Miss Lula C charmed
all observers by the gracefulness of her
movements, the sweetness of her lace and
the elegance of her dress. She liad on a
pearl colored silk trimmed in point lace with
a pink satin overdress. Miss Katie and
Lizzie S were dressed in great simplic
ity, but in admirable taste in blue
lawn with a white silk overdress.
Their dancing was in the highest degree
graceful, active aud correct. Miss Annie
L courtly and beautiful, attracted much
attention. She was dressed, in white
alpacca, with white satin trimmings. The
natural flower iii her hair made her a fit
representation of Flora. "Miss Bell C
dressed iu white tarletan, with white over
dress; Mrs. Sallie W in white tarl-
tau over crimson; Miss B- in white
tarltan over red, witli black sacque Miss
Grace 31 the "blooming violet," mod
est, retiring, gentle, intelligent, and dressed
in so much taste that her dress attracted
less attention tlian her face these and
many more, made the evening one of unu
sual splendor, of great enjoyment, and of
much interest. May the lives of these
bright young beings glide smoothly on, .and
catch on the last "waves the bright hues of
Heaven's light blended with the reflection
of lives well spent and homes made happy
The hotel in New England, with the long
est name is the Quoquionnasakesoanogogh
House at Hampton Beach. It lias only one
letter less than the whole alphabet.
The Blue Stockings, of Boston, are des
pondent over the defeat of the Red Stock
ings, of that town, by the White Stockings,
of Chicago.
Wales and his Princess, during their just
completed continental tour, stopped for a
week in the cottage of a wood chopper at
Oberaramergau.
A- man in Galveston, the other day, who
complained, of being overheated, effected a
nermanent cure by drinking sir glasses of
h ice'water, without the aid of a physician, ne
was cool when the coroner came.
A tract of 50,000 acres of land has been
obtained on the Canada side of the St. Law
rence, above Quebec, for a colony of Alsa
tians. Last year 14,000 tons of the South Caro
lina phosphates were shipped to England
and Holland, and 17,000 tons to American
ports.
Ohio has a very lrge crop of grapes.
FAIX AND
A WAX1C THRtOH,THE AGRICUL
TURAL TSf&AXTXEST eF"TME
STATE FAIR.
Knowing the Interest that is felt by the.
farming community In the Improvements In,
arid inventions of. agricultural implements,
we .propose to give a Irief description of
some of the many Implements which-were
on exhibition at the State Fair.
THE PLOWS
yvere of all sizes, forms and fashions, from
the. old bull tongue to the highly, polished
steel plow. One which struck us as being
a valuable implement, is so constructed that
the beam may be lowered or elevated at
will, so as to be readily adjustable to clean
or foul land. Another, the Invention of our
townsman, J. G. Minor, unites in the same
plow the subsoil bull tongue and common
turning plow. The mouldboard and shears,
by means of hooks, maybe taken off and
put on in a few seconds. We understand
Mr. Minor is going largely into their manu
facture. We rejoice to know this, as it is
positively disgraceful to our State, with the
iron and the timber which it has, to send
abroad for such common agricultural im
plements as a plow. The assortment of
plowson exhibition was the finest ever seen
in the State.
There were to lie seen various patterns
of revolving harrows which most farmers
are familiar with.
PATEXT HARROW.
Among the agricultural Implements that
claimed the attention of visitors to the
State Fair, botW for its novelty andjadapta
bility for tlie work it Is intended to perform,
was a harrow invented by D. A. Parkman
of Union City, Term. The harrow Is con
structed of two parallel beams, united by a
flexible fastening about a foot apart, which
hold the teeth, that are so arranged as to
make those in the hindmost beam follow in
the middle of tho&e before. Behind these
two beams, and attached by chains, is a
bumper, which consists of a piece of wood
made in an oval form, the design of which
is to crush all the smaller clods left by the
harrow. The inventor claims that he can
do more and better work with a smaller ex
penditure of force, tlian can be done with
any other harrow, and invites attention to
the superior manner in which it performs
its work. He has letters patent, and as
soon as possible will probably manufacture
a large number.
WHEAT FAX.
A wheat fan was on exhibition, also an
Invention of a Tennesseean, Mr. D. B. Car
lisle, of Montgomery county, the peculiarity
of which is that the motion of the sieve is
back aud forth instead of sideways as all
wheat fans have heretofore been construct
ed. We did not see the fan at work, but
Mr. Carlisle assures us it will do double the
work in the same time as any other fan.
COTTON CULTIVATOR.
We examined critically a very Ingenious
arrangement for cultivating and chopping
out cotton at the same time. An apparatus,
not unlike the revolving knives of a straw
cutter, is attached to the cultivator and re
volves at right angles to the direction of the
plow, cutting out at proper intervals from
the top of tlie ridge about a foot. It saves
an immense amount of hard labor, and
doubtless, in well prepared land, will do its
work thoroughly and rapidly. It is the in
vention of Mr. Dale, of Kentucky, and will
doubtless prove a valuable accession to the
cotton planter.
CORN PLANTERS.
Tlie degree of perfection and excellence
which tins implement lias attained would
astonish many fanners who plant their
corn in the old way. One we notice which
drops and covers two rows at oncemd is so
constructed that the person dropping can
always tell whether the implement is doing
its work well. An open heel to the furrow
openers permits the driver to see the corn
as it passes from the boxes. The large
ground wheels follow immediately after,
crushing the clods and putting the land in
excellent order for the first cultivation of
the com. They are manufactured In Peo
ria, Blinois, and are a valuable acquisition.
Another was on exhibition tliat can be
attached to an ordinary plow, and drop3
and covers the corn well. It also lias an
ingenious arrangement by which the next
row to be run is marked off, so that after
the first row is made all the rest can be ran
parallel with it without the use of stakes.
We regret that we failed to note the Invent
or's name as it will certainly be largely used
by our fanners when its merits are known.
pearody's cottox seed htller
is a simple contrivance by which every plan-
ter may hull his own cotton seed and so
derives all the profits from this part of tht
cotton crop, which has risen so rapidly dur
ing the past few years into public favor. The
cotton huller 6 nothing more than a cylin
drical roller with sharp, short knives, which
in the revolution of the roller are made to
come near the concave sides of the box in
which the roller revolves. A hopper above
something like the hopper of a cider mill
receives the seed. An apparatus below
separates the hulls from the decorticated
seed.
OSRURX'S PATENT HARROW TOOTH
which has been in use for some time is a suc
cessful attempt to overcome the difficulty of
confining harrow teeth. A cast iron socket
is made and put in the frame. The tooth
goes into tlie socket and is fastened in a
simple manner by a key. The tooth can
be removed and put back in a minute and
never become loose by use. By tlds Inven
tion the strain on the wooden frame is to
some extent removed and the tendency in
the frame to split is in a great degree obvi
ated. Mr. Osburn is also the inventor of
ME WALKING CULTIVATOR
which is so extensively in our own and the
adjoining States and is rapidly rising into
favor. At one-third tlie expense it does the
same work as the sulky cultivator and is
not so liable to get out of repair.
Another invention of general interest to
the farmers hi the country, when the roads
are rough and the strain on wheeled ve
hicles great, is
THE ANTI-RATTUXG ELASTIC RUNNING
GEAR
for buggies and carriages. This is an in
vention of a gentleman living in Russellvillc,
Ky., and i3 a decided success. By its use
no coupling-pole is required.- The springs
under each side of the body pass from axle
to axle and are so constructed that strength,
elasticity and durability are happily united
and secured.
The Western Methodist, published at
Memphis, says in its issue of Oct. 7: "The
Nashville Usios asd American, a
choice secidar newspaper which we have
repeatedly commended in high terms, ap
peared Oct. 1, in new dress its impression
beautiful to behold and easy to read. We
congratulate the prosperous publishers
they have merited success, and tho past as
sures the future."
X TKLEOiiAPiiicdispatcli states that "the
loan of the. City of Paris has been taken,"
but omits to mention who has borrowed
it. f
The Princess Mary of Holland, recently
married to the Prince of Wied, is said to have
made her own wedding cake.
The TexauTreasury Is empty.
COMPTROLLER' KEFORT.
Financial Condition of the StaVc!"
In'his Teport to" the Legislature, Uomp--troller
Pennebakec-presents. the followincas
the indebtedness of the State
Total Bailroad and 1 j.
Tnrnplk?, Indeb-
tedness, with in
terest estimated- m-
to January 1,137111-.. -f4ir.ijB
m per my hut re-
port $315000,417 It
Stat4tebtrOTpez9.3,0S3lSObt'a tom.-.
Interest landed on
same 733,5330L 4.819,5H 28
Bonds Indorsed byrnmbewll i ,m kxu
State 2,112,000 00
interest rnnaeu
since Janel, 1S70
23,000,OQ
$3816,961'
-.1,807,903 70
Interest estimated
to January 1,1872
Total, with Interest
to Jan. 1, 1872...
Liability of State
510,12161 10
Tor fiebts or co
N,W.B. E.esU- u
mated -....8 450,000 00 1 11
Tennessee Money.:-' 730,000 00.'-
Outstanding War
rants, OCU.1S71.. 732,417 27
Loan Account 206.000 00 .12 "S3 J7S 37
Less Indorsed bonds
on which roads to
whom Lssned paid
Interest....- Sl.822,000 00
LeM bond; past due 1
Coupons paid In. 7,270,i40 00 0fOfl,m 00
Total debt anilla-
blllty
$33,190,933 37
Total debt as above
33,190,235 37
10,049,933 7C
From railroads.
S22r04 61
Tennessee and Pacific omitted. Value 8300,000
Tlie Comptroller states the increase in tho"
value of the lands In the State at $25,870,
392 under the assessment for the present
year.
In regard to the complaints of foreign in
surance companies doing- business in this
State, tliat our laws are so very oppressive,
that to comply strictly would amount to a
positive prohibition, the Comptroller con
fesses that they are-rather oppressive and
entirely too intricate, and recommends that
they be so changed that a tax- of two per
cent, on gross receipts be levied upon all
insurance companies doing business in the
State, in lieu of all other taxation for State
purposes.
The Comptroller claims that there is still
due the State from lemphis $92,019.27,
and asks for authority to settle this matter
by taking from Memphis the past due bonds
of the State. He asks for.a special commit
tee to examine into amLreport on the mat
ter of his coupon transaction with Mem
phis. Since the last apportionment and distri
bution of the school fund, there lias
been received by tlie Comptroller about th
sum of $150,000, the largeriwrtion of which
consisted of bills of the bank of Tennessee,
and which were destroyed, in accordance
with tho act of the Legislature.
The Comptroller recommends legisla
tion by which sales of land for taxes sliall
be rendered valid, or some mode devised to
compel the payment of taxes. Ho also re
commends that a change be made in the
mode of advertising lands condemned to be
sold for taxes using liandbills or written
notices in counties where ne wspapers are not
printed.
Tlie Comptroller suggests that the work
of assessing property for taxation would be
more systematically and thoroughly done
by the County Courts electing one assessor
for each county for a tenn of two or three
years.
Tlie amount lost to the State by wortliless
bonds of revenue officers since the war U
very considerable. Tlie great length of
time that the tax lists are permitted to re
main in the liands of collectors, without
final settlement, always endangers the col
lection of deficits, and the Comptroller
suggests the passage of a law requir
ing the bonds of all revenue officers, after
the same have been approved by the Judge,
to be registered in their respective counties,
and giving to said bonds all the force anil
efi'ect of a mortgage or deed of trust upon
the property, real and persona), of principal
and sureties, which would secure the Stafe
in every case.
The appointment of a commissioner to
settle with railroad receivers, is recom
mended, as the Comptroller will be unable
to attend properly to this duty.
Touching taxes and funding, the Comp
troller makes these suggestions:
"I am satisfied that the "tax-payers feel
oppressed with taxatiou, and would be
thankful for any relief wlucli, in your wis
dom, you can devise. Tlie question pre
sents itself to me, to you, and others: How
can this be done? 1 know of no relief.
Tlie Idea that we will lessen the taxes for
the year to come, so that the revenues sliall
be sutlicieiit alone for the current expenses
of the State, is an attempt only to defer for
the day, the payment of a debt for which
the houor ot tlie btate is oound,and widen,
we all agree, must at some day be paid.
The burden of indebtedness is sufficiently
frichtful now, and a hesitating or evasive
policy will only add to its volume and
produce the necessity for a still
heavier assessment in the end. If the
taxes upon privileges could be enlarged, a
less rate could be afforded ujion realty.
We need a liberal fax for a year to come, to
clear the way for a resumption of the pay
ment of interest on our public, or bonded
debt, in the course of twenty-four (24")
months.
"It is difficult to determine what plan
should be adopted as the best and shoitest
way for tlie payment of interest upon the
State dabt. I venture to suggest that past
due interest, and also all interest that shall
be due on the first of January, 1873, in
cluding the coupons due of that date,
should de funded in coupon bonds of the
State due at thirty or forty years. This
plan, if adopted, -without a serious reduction
to the present rate of taxation, would ena
ble the State to meet its interest in July,
1873."
REALESTATE SALES.
f anii for sile.
FOUR HUNDRED ACRES, 110 ACRES IJJ
cultivation, under good fencer produces
ttnely good buildings excellent timber, water,
orchard, etc. Healthy location, right on Mobile
Ohio Railroad, one mile from Kenton Statu-n,
In Gibson countr; well adapted to farming and
stock raising. Terms, reasonable. For further
particulars, apply to or address
sep2)3m B. F. HARRIS, Kenton. Tenn.
CHOICE
WE HAVE FOR SALE ONE IMPROVED
Farm of one hundred and ninety acres, two
miles west or Spring Hill, in Maury county.
Land very rich.
Alo, a Tract or 200 Acres of very fine land,
miles south of Franklin, in Williamson county,
2 miles from North Station, on the N. 1. R. ft.
Term very easy.
ARRINGTON, FARRAR WEAKLY,
It Agents, No. 32 N. College i-t.
3F"OnE2. SATiE.
Valuable Country Residence,
ONE MILE EAST OF SPUING HILL,
Tenn., with good Springs, Ajiplo and Peach
Orchards, flardeu, with such fruiu a cheirii-s,
quinces, plums, rupberrles.ete. Running water.
32,000 or S3.HO0 worth of rock fence. New frame
dwelling with seven rooms, porch, gallery aud
halls. Well and cLtern. Stables and crib, carriage
and ice houses; barn and good dwellings for ten
ants some framed. Tillable lands, with 75 acres
good wood land in all 278 acres. The purchaser
bv calling at the premises can examine the place
and ascertain term.
Oct.7, Tl. JESSIE A. PETERS,
octlt 3m.
MATTRESSES, ETC.
SOUTHERN
Mattress Factory,
I CAN AND WILL SELL MATTItE-SSKS OK
eTery description cheaper than any other
huuse in tho city.
Good Shuck Mattresses 3..V
Cotton Top Mattresses CM
All other Mattresses In proportion. Work done
to order. Cutting, making and laying Carpers;
pnttlng np all kinds of Awnings and Mrrvjtilto
Bars; Trimming Church Pews, Cushions. Sails,
Flags, Tents, Upholstering, Renovating all kinds
of Mattrovses. All done with neatni ss and dis
patch. You will save- money lr calling at No.
11 South College to bay your Mattresses.
Jy31tf D.A.COLE
INVALIDS' TRAVELING CHAIRS
FUOJI $1G TO 80.
For In fc Ont-door Vc
hands can propefand gulilo
cm'. Having no use of the
hands any child or .V 3 ears
can pn.h a grown person
n'xmt.
Invalids Carrtagi Io or
der. .Patent Sedan i'JirrjIng Clinlrs. tJ
State your case and send stamp forcfrculan
STETHEN W. SMITH.'
maxT lamtt 90 William (treetNerr Yort.
special Wn3t
ON 'MkERllaEl C
Happy Itellef Tor YonnsMcnfrora tl3
effects of EirVfTwl Abuses in early l.fe. Man
hood restorcy. ToaSQIeTU'.tjfraretif Injpedjf
ments touHirrjae retnPieAl A'ffS mUcHToe
treatment. New and remarkable remedies. Books"
and circulars sent fir In sealed entrlopes. Aci
dreflloWAKD ASSpGlATlQSo. 2 South
Ninth street, Philatfelphii,?. jc1J tttl dee; sp
Words ioI&adtcIlJiWQ Druggist;
rWHAT IS THK yALt Ji Ck" WHEN"
UJirAiJCIJ TO HEALTH.
AiLEN'S LUNG BALSAM
Is warranted t break jm tho icostutroublesoina
Congh in an tna-edibljji-tiort time, s Thertf launo
remedy thafearThhoTr fnoW eirlifcneoorreat
merit than this BALSAM rr curim- Consnmp
tlon, Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Croup, etc,
f ITjACTS OJCKEIIETaDSEY-SJ -IT
ACTS OITTHK LIVER,
yVh!ch makes lr more than a 06figliTtanetrj(.
Bead, the .following from a Triable Drne
ristof Mlcblgam fti
JiCauise Crrr, Mini.r.lulv '.SCO .J. If.
Harris &,Co-Dear Sir. The Allen'i Lnnp Bal
am hasarrired. 1 -mraUl not Hke to b without
It.IbrithasfiavedjuymV. I.toot.a bad cold and
couth, and finally Consamptfon -was seated upon
me- I was In a very bad state. I tried erery
thlntkat3.-ujrecominend4danilppent a great,
deal of money, and got no help. I Itad the 'At-
len"H Lnne Iialam for sale, bat I knew nothing
of its -merit, J diAuotdllee tu Utu it. without
knowing more about.it. I had not twill k bottle.
When voor agent called on ma I told him J conld
net seil a medicine 1 knew. noUditg about Ho
urged mo to try It myself. I dm so, and to mr
grateful surprise,thtKlrst bottle, stopped my
cough, and before thethlrd bottb wa taken imr
lung were healed and well, and I run new spak
knowingly to my friends anil customers of the
qualities of Alk-Vs Lung Balsam. I remain re-
sncetruiiy, l. c. cottuel.
It Is harmless to the most doHeate child. It
contains no Oplnm In anr form.
It Is sold by Medicine Dealers jeuerally.
For sale by
berrv. Dfororirxir cor. -Najuvrnc-.
KWIX. PEDCETON 4300, XashVlCe.
LITTERER CABLEIS, X.xshtlHe.
ocT lUllmU3,,;2i-jrlam?p
CONSUBIPTIOUV
ITS CURE AND ITS PREVENTIVE.
By J. n. ECBZXCX, It. D.
Many a human being haa passed away !br whos
Ceatb there was no other reason than the neglect Of1
known and indlspi'.tstilj- proven means of cure.
Those near aud dew to .family and friends ar
sleeping the dream lea slumber Into which, had
they calmly adopted
DO. JOMEIMl If. S-3Ii:.VCK-S STJXFU5
TUEA.T31 KIT.
and availed themselves of hla wonderfully eftlo
ckms medicines, they would not have fallen.
Dr. iSchenck has In his own case proved that
wherever sufficient vitality remains, that vitality,
by bis medicines and his directions for the!nBse, J
j quicken! iiiiu uewuiiui vigur.
I I n this statement there la nothing presumptuous
To the faith of the invalid U made no representation
that Is no! a thousand times substanUated by lrrlmr
and visible works. Tha theory of the cure by Dr.
Sotiencfs medicines la aa simple as It b nnndlhi
Its philosophy requires no argument. ItisselAls
t surtnff. self-convincing'.
The Sea-weed Tonic and Mandrake PUIS arwvw
I first two weapons with which the titadU of the
I maladr Is nswuted. Two-thirds of the cases of con
sum pi ion originate In dyspepsia and a fhnctlonaUy
disordered liver. With this condition the bronchial
i tnoes sympathize" with the stomach. They re
spenJ to the mortudc action of thellver. 3eretheo
mmes the culminating result, and the Betting tu.
with all Its dlstrevinc urniptoms of
coMKsrjiPTiojr.
The Mandrake Hits ar composed or on of Na
ture's noblest irlfts th Padopblllum peltatrmx,
Tny paNhess all the blood-eearchlng. alteraUvo
properties of cnlnm-L mt, unlike calomel, they
"LCAVS Ml STIXU IIEIIIXD."
Theworkorcurelsnowbejrtnnlng. The vitiated
and mucous deposits In the rxmels andtntheall
mentaryranal are ejected. The liver. Uieadoct;
Is wound up. It aroiKMi from Its torpidity. Tb
stomach acts resrwislvel and the patient begins
to leel that be U geUliiir. at last,
A .WUPl'I.Y OK GOOD BLOOD.
TheSeaAveedTfoIc. ncenJuBCtl.inwlththePUJs,
permeates and assimilates with the food. Chylln
catiou U now progressing without Its previous tor
i tures. Digestion becomes painless,ond thecm-els
I seen to be at hand. There (s no more Oatulenco, no
I exacerbatloitof the stomach. An appetite setsin.
Now comes the greatest Blood Partner ever yet
1 given by an Indulgent father to tufferlnr man.
Mcbencks Pulmonic Byrnp comes In to perform its
functions and to hasten and complete the cure. It
enters at once upon Us wort. Nature can not ba
cheated. It collects and ripens the Impaired and
dbensel porUcns,of the lungs. In the form of
fratberings. It prepares them for expectoration, and
o In a very short time the malady is vanquished,
the rotten throne that it occupied Is renovated ana
msde new, and the patl-nt.ln aL the dimity of re
valued vigor, steps icrth to enjoy the manhood ot
womanhood that was
cirvnx VV AS I.O.ST.
The second tiling Is. tin patients must stay fa's
warm room until they get well It fci almost Impos
1 sibte to prevent taking n Ad when the lungs are dla
eae J. but It must be prei-entrd or a rare-can not be
elTet-ted. Fresh air ftiul rfclinic out. especially !n this
1 section of the country. In the fall aud winter ses
I son-, are all wrong. Physicians who recommend
Hint cocrse lose their patients. If thetx lunrt are
badly dlsecaedt and. yet. becau&a they are La tht
1 bonsetheymost not sit down quiet; they must wade
about the room an much and as fast as thM "'renjta
wilt bear, to Ktt cp a rood circulation of bL Th
wtients must keep fc good spirits be determined
o tret well. This has a areaL deal to da with tha
appetite, and Is the great point to grin.
I To despair of cure after such evidence of Its pos
sibility in the wont coses, and moral certainty In
wll others, is sinful. Dr. Sell e nek a personal atate-
i ment ro Uie Faculty of his own cure was la these
J modest words:
I Mauy years ago I was In the last stages of coo
sumption: confined to my bed, and at one time my
pbrsiciansthonjfht that I could not live a week; then.
litn a drowning man catching at straws. I heard of
I tid obtained tue preparations which I now Oder to
I the public, and they made perfect cure of me. It
emed to me that I could .Vcl them penetrate ay
I whole system. They soon ripened the ir alter In my
limga,and I would spit op more thanaplntof otlen
s ve yellow matter every mornlpg for a long time.
"As soon as that began to subside, my oomrh,
fever, pains, and night-sweats all began to leave me.
and my appetite became so great that it was with
difficulty that I could kerp from eating too much.
I soon gained my strength, and have grown, In flesh
ever since.
i I was weighed shortly aftermyrrco very." added
the Doctor. then looking like a mere skeleton: my
weight was only ninety-seven pounds; my present
i weight Is two bnndred and twenty-five (S3) pounds,
i andforyearslhaveenjoyedunlntcrrnptedhcalth.'
Dr. Schenclc has discontinued his professional
j visits tn New York and Ronton. He or nls son, Dr
J ILSchenclc. Jr st.ll contlnne to see patients at
their Office.No. 15 North Sixth btreet. Philadelphia,
every Satnrdav from 9 aji. lolrx. Thise who
wHb a thorongh examination with the Itesplro
meterwllIoechargedH. The Resplrometer declares
i the exact condition of the Inngs. and patients can
readily learn whether they are curaole or not.
The directions for taking the medicines are adapt
I ed to the Intelligence even of a child Fellow thesa
i directions.and klndNaturewlU dotheresL except
log that In some cases the Mandrake Pi. Is are to Vx
taken In increased doses; the three medlc'nes need
no otber accompaniments than the ample lnstrao
1 tions that accompany them First create appetite.
I Of returning health, hnnger Is the most welcotna
symptom, wbeo it comes, as it win rotne. let tha
i despairing at once be of rood cheer. t:ood blood at
once follows, the cough loosen-i. tlie n.gbtsweat In
abated. In a short time both of these morbid symp
toms are gone forever.
Dr. Jiebenck'3 medirin"! are c.r-taritly kept Ir.
tens of thousands of families. As a laxative or pnr
jrattve, the Mandrake Pd's are a standard prepani
tion; while the Pulmoiueyi'ip. a- acnrenrcwalM
and colds, may be regarded as n prephylacter 1
against consumption in any of its forms.
..Price of the Pulmonic nip mid Sea-wed Tom i
SUV) a bottle, or S7 30 a half dozen. Mandrake PilX
"centsabox. Forsale by all druanats and dealer
WJI, II. L.EICKIIAROT,
Naslivtlle, Tenn., Wholesale Agent,
marsl eodly.
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
For Jailor.
Having consulted a numlier of my friemU on
tlie subject. I hereby announce melf a candi
date for Jailor of ITiifn county at I'ee next
March election, subject to a convention of thf
people. THOMAS McFARLlN. iut13 sat te
MEDICAL.
Look to your Children
The Great Soothing Remedy.
MRS. 1 Cii&.Jrrtl3f t tt PRICE
.1 f.. i t f. H .D. r
Sf3
CISTS'
SYRUP. i"
PRICE
!7SITCC!S'S hrciJai e
sv hi r. j..
.lilts. I CBr rjiirrt,
-11 11 I Core TjiirrWt, PTeaf-rr
PRirn
ainur. IUI"W' 1.
Ilia IB. jrrtitl3IBU1B tBavoj,ii,a.s.'..-.
in an Jlianlari bnwfUmby tMUUm irn; MKr tmt.
Prrpsrtd by Ut Oration M elklM Co.. St. Ii!, lie.
BU by Drsi.t snl Dealers la MU1m ei-TlT.
A BOOK. FOR THE JIILUOX:
IB- J A lMTteCBitrt!
fLD. ITlclErS Uurirf or Ui ibNI k
"rT Kln7 .a u pbyri.texte.1
fZn rt O ll my.teii.i .lut r.tlliooof
VtkUbeVWs !,reuI,r'n,tklatMt
'lnT.rit lnrrlBctiixttlpn:TiUfl tfiprta;. bo-w ta
pr-wris lbtsmpl"li.
Tbli It sa lMerel work f t hnairri ad twesty.
foor pa(. l mcr rrt. J conttlns ssls
sbleiofonDaUoa Ur Umm vbesrs mrriJ.reoslrsipUt
marrlsro. SIUI. Ill" boe tbi oi U fcf irpl i1i
lock sod kry. tnd oat !J4 fanV-sfiy ibest lbs ksuM.
Mt U y Melfrt .f putJ for rifly Cl.
jt.idrM nr. Emu- bMpcoMry, Tto.x2 X. Elt&ta 94
EULosla.Ue.
Kotieo to tio Aflicted aadUnfnrtnnil.
Beforv TplTlsx to tbs notoriaas qsmeki whs adrsrtit la
.tbli pev. alios any qwk remedies, pervae Dr.
fiotta' work se natter wbatjottrdtaeajele, or how- depLar
tb yoer eesd lieu.
Pr. Batu a bs coiuPkUd. persaaaliy or by 'mall, oa tbs
dlKaaee nwaHoaed la bla worka. OOee, No. li jr. glcbta
airertj beveeea biertelaad Choanal. St. ljocia. 3fo.
sepl iy
AGENCIES.
Real Estate and Collection
Office of
JOSEPH V7HELESS.T6 XOItTH CHKliKV
street. Special attention given to the collec
tion of rente and every description of rap1'
Claims prosecuted through all the coortx.
REFERENCES McAlliiter YV-lteb
KashvillerN.HOfcMn, Nashville; J. O. Orlffi
Nashville. apr3 dfim
TJ. S. CLAIM AG-EN CY
7S7. WII1I1S.
So. 50 Jforth Clierry Mreat,
NASHVILLE. TENN.,
PKOSKCUTEtf ALT, 1 1 VSSES OF CLAIMS
against the United Stat (iovernmont
Vouchers purr-iseiL pjrti. a who filed tli"ir
claims with Piuaraorc Si Sowers, or Clay Rob
erta, will pleaso call at my office. oc3 tf