NEWS SUMMARY.
The East.
Christopher Barry, John Eeilly, Wm. J,
O'Connor, and James Beilly, Inspectors of
Election at New York, have been held in
$2,000 each, for trial, on the charge of stuffing
ballot-boxes At Hunter's Point, Ii. I., on
Tuesd&v. fortv CrLthnlia ihi'Mnn
pelled from the public school by direction of
ine commissioners, oecause tney objected to
reading the Bible It is stated that a deficit
of between $200,000 and $300,000 has been
discovered in the accounts of the Bowling
Green Savings Bank, Hew York, but that it
will be made good by the bank officials
It is reported that the celebrated trotter, Mo-
nawit, wM on raonaay, sola to John W.
uoniey, or Jew xork, tor $20,000. This
horse recently made the time of 2:23 on the
Cincinnati tracic.
Thb small-pox is spreading in New York
city, and the Sanitary Inspector thinks it
likely to become epidemic A party of
young Japanese nave arrived at New York
irom can rancisco. They will leave soon
for England, riftvitlff haan an, L 1 i jl.
Government to receive an English educa-
xweniy election iraud cases are be
fore the Brooklyn, N. Y., grand Jury It
is said that forgeri es on the New York city
bankB, amounting to $100t000, have been
discovered and traced to one Saroni, who
AaH in (Hit Via PMaJ
I 1" a M.I a nia lo
have passed to a considerable extent in
itoooiu ouca au expeaition or Catho
lics has left New York to teach the natives
of Ecuador the mpctiHni Dra arxA r
Investigations show that $479,000 of the
uiuuoy lurnisaea to ine .Brooklyn Water
Board the present year has not been ac-
rnnntAil fnr "Patirinna
of the sentence of Botts, the murderer of
x win oe presented to the New
Jersey Court of Pardons Judgment as
been entered in the sequestration case
against ex-City Treasurer Marer, of Phila
delphia, for $478,000, the amount of his de
falcation Charles H. Wallace, clerk of
Tiffany's jewelry store, has been committed
for trial at the Jefferson Market Police
Court in New York, on a charge of stealing
$16,000 in jewelry The ice is two inches
thick throughout the whole section of the
Erie canal, at Boonvilie. The canal is
frozen tight east of Utica. No boats are
moving, and the weather is cold and freez
ing. A hurricane visited the northern side of
the island off Cape Breton on the night of the
26th ult., doing immense damage to houses,
barns, trees, and shipping. The gale began
at 8 o'clock, and lasted until 5 o'clock the
next morning. The tide was four feet higher
than ever known before. The public wharf
at Port Hood was swept away, and in the vil
lage several houses were blown down. A
number of vessels anchored at Port Mulgrave
dragged their anchors and passed out of the
strait to sea. The Bermudean brig Jabez,
from Charlottetown, was wrecked on Fox
Island, and only one man saved. Ten schoo
ners were wrecked in the Strait of Canso. It
is feared that there has been considerable
loss of life by the gale Water has been
introduced into Providence, R. I., from the
Pawtuxet River The Greystone Mill, in
North Providence, was burned Fridav morn
ing....The ice is about three inches thick in
the Welland Canal. Eight of the Northern
Transportation propellers and other vessels
are m the canal. A tug is trying to break
the ice, but the prospects are doubtful.
A common kitchen boiler, in a dwelling in
Patersoa, N. J., exploded on Thursday night,
demolishing the kitchen
partially blowing out the walls on one side of
u aouse. no lives were lost Owing to
the prevalence of the small-pox in Easton,
Pa., the students of Lafayette College gave
themselves a vacatien of three months quite
regardless of the protests of the faculty.:,
fhlw-n nd'ed, more vessels passed through
the Welland Canal this season than durine
any previous one At New York, on Satur
day, Henry Becket, in a quarrel with Baker,
a conductor, was flung from a street car, and
had his leg broken by another our omi4; itt
arrested dlrection- Bl" conductors were
The West.
It is reported that the schooner Wm. Sand
erson had gone down, with all hands, on
Lake Ontario. No particulars Elder Or
son Pratt spoke on Sunday in the Tabernacle
at Salt Lake City with great earnestness in
favor of polygamy. He said polygamy was
one of the chief tenets of theMoSnon re"
k j J was taken away the religion
would be destroyed. The proposal to give up
polygamy for the sake of a State organization,
or for any other purpose, would never receive
the consent of the Mormon people. In fact,
the Mormons would not surrender polycamv
or any part of the religion for any govern
ment. These remarks were received with
""twTT Uot" house, and of
fr T-ttf We I'" A dispatch
from Little Cottonwood, Utah, says: "The
o?OWi't nUue1' is 8ix feet deeP- Residents
of Alto City have to dig themselves out of
their dwellings. Many of the houses are
buried in snow The storm continues."
hlca$ lmes' of 28th ult., says:
The spectacle of hundreds of busy carpen
ters andmasons facing the pelting snow-storm
all day yesterday, and laboring as cheerily
as though it was the balmiest of summer
weather, was s proof that even bleak winter's
tfon0 ann0t Btay Ur WOrk of rect,nsc-
Thb Supreme Court of Michigan has de
cided the Detroit Board of Public Works act
to be unconstitutional.
A fire at Bloomington, 111., on the 30th ult.,
destroyed property to the amount of $50,000
Bv the explosion of a boiler at Ransom,
Mich., recently, John Critton, the engineer,
was killed, and six other persons seriously
injured......Miss Sarah Hughes was found
dead in bed at Hamilton, Ohio, Thursday
morning. She had retired the night before
with a handkerchief saturated with chloro
form laid upon her face, for an aching tooth,
and, falling asleep, inhaled the anaesthetic in
such a quantity as to cause death Rev.
jr"2' 8edSwlck fifty years a Baptist minister,
died on Thursday, at Chillicothe, Ohio. He
preached in the morning, and at 2 o'clock p.
m. was dead.
A mas named Emery was killed by Blythe
K. Beatrice at Nebraska City, on Thursday,
by a blow from a billiard cue The Los
Angeles grand jury has found thirty-five in
dictments for the Chinese massacre and
severely censured the municipal authorities
......In clearing up the residence of the late
Resin Hammond, a wealthy citizen of
Charlestown, Ind., recently, an old trunk
was resurrected containing containing coin
treasury notes, etc., to the amount of $20,000.
The Seuth.
Is the House of Representatives, at Colum
bia, 8. C, on Saturday, C. C. Bowen, the much
married ex-member of Congress, presented
his credentials as a member from Charleston.
The objection was made that he had been
convicted of an infamous crime, but he was
finally admitted by a vote of 73 to 22.
Washington.
The President has as yet made no response
to the recent appeals to him to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus in Georgia and Florida.
Senator Osborn is very anxious that martial
law shall be proclaimed in Calhoun and
Jackson counties, Florida, and if his repre
sentations are supported by the Sub-Ku-Klux
Committee who investigated affairs there,
Florida will probably have a taste of martial
law Treasurer Spinner has forwarded
checks for $8,000,000 in coin to parties in vari
ous parts of the country who have Bent their
5-20 bonds to Washington for redemption
The Secretary of the Treasury has issued an
order that the accounts of every disbursing
officer under the Government shall be thor
oughly examined, and that an exact state
ment thereof be reported immediately.
Clerks have been detailed to work night and
day on this duty, in order that the statements
may be forthcoming by the time Congress
assembles.
The disbursements from the Treasury De
partmentduring the month of November,
on account of the war, navy, and interior
departments and civil and miscellaneous ac
count, exclusive of thai paid on the public
debt, were $15,568,800 The claimants un
der the Loyal Southern Claims Commission
express a good deal of uneasiness for fear
that Congress will fail to make an appropria
tion of $8,000,000 or $10,000,000 to liquidate
such claims as have been audited and proven
Only about twenty claims have as yet
been presented to the United States and
British Commission There has been so
much said as to the orders which the Ad
ministration have given on the Spanish
question that the organ of the Eame had the
following in its issue of Saturday The
Administration will not tolerate any inter
ference with the guarded vessels. Any at
tempt on the part of Spanish naval officers
to seize the Hornet, Florida, or Virginia,
will be construed as an insult to the United
States, and just cause for our Government
vindicating its national honor."
Foreign.
A special from Rome says Victor Eman
uel was received with tremendous enthusi
asm by the Italian Parliament. In his ad
dress he said that the work to which he had
devoted his life was completed, with an inti
mation that there was a necessity for concili
atintr the Vatican, which was coldlv received.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies of the
opening of Parliament, he was called to the
balcony twice by the populace. The city was
gmuuiy illuminated in me evening. iiie
Pope was consoled by the Priests." Gen.
Sickles was married to Miss Creach, at Mad
rid, on Monday, and started for New York
immediately The telegraphic despatch
recently foisted upon nearly all the news
papers of the kingdom, announcing the
amalgamation of the leading English rail
road lines, is found to be a forgery. The Di
rectors of the Midland Railway Company
have offered a large reward for the detection
and arrest of the perpetrators.
The Germans have commenced to build
fortifications in the passes of Vosges The
press throughout Prussia comments with in
dignation on the frequent assassinations of
German soldiers in the occupied districts of
France, and the almost total immunity of
the perpetrators from pumsnment, and de
mands of the military authorities energetic
and efficient action to put an end to the
outrages Prince Metternich has asked
permission to resign his poBt at the head of
the Austrian Legation in Paris, which he
has held since 1859.
The German military authorities at Eper
nay have executed two Frenchmen who killed
a German sentinel It is said '.hat the
Spanish Government has resolved io remove
Captain-Ceneral Valmaseda from the Gover
norship of Cu ba, and that 30 fresh troops are
to be dispatched to the island.
Miss Lotta K. Turner, daughter of the
late Admiral Turner, of the United States
navy, who sued Don Caledona Alis, of Sonora,
Mexico, for $200,000 damages for seduction
and breach of promise, has obtained a ver
dict of $7,500 Capt. Shaw, of the London
Fire Brigade, has been granted leave of ab
sence for six weeks, to enable him to visit
Chicago to investigate the causes of the fire
in that city.
Public Debt Statement.
The following is the recapitulation of
the December statement ot the public
debt
Debt bearing interest in coin
Bonds. 6 per cent 81.577,135.150
jjunas at a per oent- z ,3(j3,7(XJ
Principal 1,854,498,850
Interest 36,954.839
Debt bearing interest in lawful money:
Certificates ef indebtedness, 4 per
cent 8 678,000
Navy pension fund, 3 per cent 14,000,000
Certificates at 3 per cent 23.490,000
Principal 38,168.000
Interest 244.760
Debt on which interest has ceased since ma
turity
Principal 8 1.769,297
Interest 294,346
Debt bearing no interest
Old demand and legal-tender notes 8 357,592,801
Fractional currency 40,166,036
Coin certificates 24,928,140
Principal 422.686,977
Unclaimed interest 14,412
Total debt
Principal 52,317.123,124
Interest 37.508,387
Total 2,354,631.511
Cash in Treasury
Coin 96,256,554
Currency 10,123,589
Debt, less cash in Treasury, Dec. 1,
1871 2,248,251,869
Decrease during the month 3,462.080
Decrease debt since March 1, 1871,...- 72.457,479
Decrease from March 1, 1869, to
March 1, 1870 124,754.413
Bonds issued to Pacific Railroad
Companies,intcrest payable in law
ful money, principal outstanding... 64,618,832
Interest accrued and not yet paid... 1,615.470
Interest paid by United States 12,692,475
Interest repaid by transportation of
mails 3,182,086
Balance of interest paid by United
Outrages on Americans in Cuba—War
Vessels Ordered to Havana.
Correspondence Chicago Times.
Washington, Nov. 28. Official ad
vices received by the Government on
yesterday and to-day indicate that we
are involved in no inconsiderable diffi
culties with Spain, whose officials in
Cuba have for some time shown an utter
indifference to the protection of the
life and property of American citizens.
The Cuban volunteers there have mal
treated Americans, and driven them
within a recent period out of Havana.
This Government, aware of this, has
repeatedly represented this condition of
affairs to the authorities at Madrid, but
without any other result than promises
of early action, which were never ful
filled. On yesterday affairs became so
threatening at Havana that the United
States Consul General telegraphed that
American citizens and officials needed
the immediate protection of this Gov
ernment. The matter was brought to
the attention of the Cabinet.
An armed fleet of four or five vessels
have been ordered, with all possible
dispatch, to Havana, to be placed in
immediate communication with Consul
General Biddle. The commanding
officer has received instructions in case
the Cuban volunteers strike down the
life and property of American citizens,
to first demand apology and reparation.
If they are refused, then he is required
to open his guns on the city of Havana.
The gunboat Nipsic, now at Pensacola,
will leave, while the Terror, at Key
West undergoing repairs, has been or
dered into commission to be dispatched
at once to Havana. Also, the Kansas
has been ordered from the Brooklyn
navy yard to the same destination, with
all possible dispatch, while the Severn
and Nantasket are on their way to
Cuban waters. Admiral Lee, command
ing the South Atlantic squadron, is now
in Washington, but was active to-day by
orders of the Government in dispatch
ing up vessels so as to be ready for any
emergency. Owing to the rigid censor
ship over the telegraph at Havana but
little is known here of the immediate
events which have compelled Consul
General Biddle to appeal for assistance,
but the condition of affairs with Spain,
arising out of the Hornet difficulty and
the treatment of Americans in Cuba, is
sufficiently shown by the diplomatic
correspondence to warrant the Govern
ment in the startling course it has
taken.
A company has been formed in St.
Louis consisting of prominent mer
chants, for the erection of a new Cham
ber of Commerce building. The site
proposed is the square bounded by
Third and fourth and Chestnut ana
Pine streets, one of the most central in
the city. It is designed to cover the
entire square with a magnificent build
ing, and use such part of it for a Cham
ber of Commerce as the members of
that body may elect. This has received
the approval of the Board of Directors
and a majority of the members of the
Chamber of Commerce, and the books
for subscription to the capital stock will
be opened immediately. The capital
will be $1,000,000.
A Paris Mystery.
Correspondence of the New York World.
The mysteries of Paris are endless.
If any day you go to Pere la Chaise and
quit Boulevard Voltaire (ex Boulevard
du Prince Eugene) for Rue Bampon you
will see a mansion which was probably
built in the eighteenth century for the
retreat of some wealthy farmer-general
of the taxes while enjoying the honey
moon of his last amour before custom
had staled her novelty. There was
more than a court, 'twas a garden in
front of it, and a larger garden stood
behind it. There are still a great many
market gardens in this north-eastern
quarter of Paris, which is farther from
the heart and brain of this capital than
Versailles or St. Germain, or even
Mantes, the farthest of our suburban
homes.
Solitary as this mansion was it ap
peared still more solitary from its want
of animation. The door never opened.
The shutters remained closed the gar
dens were overrun by weeds. All these
things would have atti acted little atten
tion. There is many a deserted house
in Paris whose very sight at summer's
noontide would freeze your marrow, so
dark are the walls, so moss-grown are
the doors and shutters, so desolate, so
mournful, is the look of everything
about it. You might disbelieve in
ghosts and still be unable to shake off
belief that there ghosts (old masters
and the guests of auld lang syne) re
vived departed hours, holding revel
from midnight to cockcrow, and witches
kept unhallowed saturnalia. There are
so many of these deserted, haunted
houses in Paris, the sombre cloud which
rested on the house in Rue Bampon had
remained unnoticed, except for the
change which came over it at night
and if this change had been well ascer
tained, certain it would have remained
unchallenged but some people swore
lights had been seen flashing through
the interstices of the shutters, sparks
had been seen flying out of the chim
neys, and the roar of subdued voices
(noisy despite every precaution, because
they were numerous) had been heard.
Then watch was set, and neither sight
nor sounds met watchers' eyes or ears.
Again people saw and heard all those
things. Women crossed themselves
whenever the unhallowed house was
thought on; men talked of it with
bated breath and looked at it only ask
ance. Some said it was La Tour de
Nesies. Girls were decoyed into it, rav
ished, and murdered when lust cooled.
Others were sure a gang of counterfeit
erm prepared there fac similes of bank
notes. These surmises in time reached
the ears of the police. Investigation
was made in the cautious tentative
method always adopted in doubtful cir
cumstances. The police has 'good rea
son to be cautious for it is not enough
to detect crime, criminals should be ar
rested. To give notice of investigations
on foot would be to give a warning
which would put to flight all the birds
of prey. The enigma seemed insolvable.
The expertest policemen were ordered
to examine the premises. Nothing could
be discovered. The neighboring houses
were examined from top to bottom.
Nothing. Walls were sounded, still
nothing. Nevertheless occasionally a
gleam of light flashed through some
crevice in a shutter, a spark flew up
wards from a chimney, revealing life
within the bleak house. The police
were reinforced. The house was sur
rounded, skirmishers were thrown out
beyond this circle of policemen. At last
a skirmisher, thrown out some two hun
dred and fifty yards from t ho house,
reported that he had seen people who
moved cautiously and rapidly about
midnight, disappear in a blind alley as
if the earth had swallowed them. This
alley was examined. In it the police
discovered a subterranean passage. They
entered it. It was so low they could
advance only in single file and bent
double. They were obliged at some
places to go on all-fours.
After going in this way two hundred
and fifty yards they found further pro
gress checked by a stalwart wrought
iron door, which jeered all their efforts.
They returned. Entered a housewhose
blank walls had a small window on the
fourth story which overlooked the gar
den of the bleak house. The police
procured a rope, entered this house and
after securing the rope inside the house
and tossing the other end into the gar
den, they crept down the rope one by
one. Their investigation of the house
showed every door and window plated
with wrought-iron. The Commissioner
of Police remembered one of his police
men was once a blacksmith. He ordered
this brawny fellow to get the largest
sledge-hammer he could procure. When
he returned he swung the immense
hammer over his head and brought it
on the door with a force which splin
tered the wood, started the bolts and
broke the locks. Bang! bang! came
two other blows, loud as thunderclaps
The door was open. The police swarmed
jn. 'xwas a great gamDimg-nouse.
Many gamblers, terrified at the sounds
of the hammer, lay fainting on the
floor.
A German Fable.
A raven was crossing a field and saw
a cuckoo preparing a soft bed behind a
shady bush. That seemed very odd to
him so he crept nearer and asked the
cuckoo what he was making there
"A bed, as you see," the cuckoo an
swered shortly.
A bed, what for the raven kept
on inquiring, You are not going to lie
on the ground As far as I know, you
usually rest in a hollow tree."
"It is not lor myseii, replied ine
cuckoo, "but for that poor sick hen
there, you see behind the bushes. See
that poor creature," he continued weep
ing, she fills my soul with pity she
has not been well for a long time."
"Beally an odd kind of neighborly
love. I could never in the least have
expected that of you," the raven cried
in an ecstasy; and the bright tears
floated down his raven cheeks, at the
thought of this noble deed.
"Yes." the cuckoo continued in a
whining tone, this good hen laid me
early every day, an egg; upon that I
have hithertoo lived when I could get
at nothing else, and how miserable I
should be if she should die! I must
perish. Yes, must starve in these famine
times."
Aha, so It is not precisely for the
poor sick hen, but for the eggs you
make the nest," croaked the raven, as
quickly drying her tears she flew away.
recently seized in New York city by the
internal revenue officers. Among the
o,t is.l0c aivari wArAimnnrfArl nhnmnflfme
bottles and branded corks, gas-gene
rating macnines, Doming macnines, &e.
From papers found on the premises it
thai, a treat number of the pre
tentious bar-rooms of the city were fur-
1 A 1 1 1
rushed with wines Dy me Dogus esiao
lishment. Cutirii v.oa voninrpd to remark to his
butcher that it is extraordinary that so
1 1 1J1
mild an Enimai as a eneep snouiu iiuve
such en enormous amount of pluck.
he nliifrues of Ecvpt is
most like a hat Darkness which may
be felt.
WOODROUGH M'PARLIN,
SAW MANUPACTTJEEES,
BAND, 1'A.NEL, RIPPING and, SACK. SAWS,
Hill, Unlay and Gross Cut Saws, PLASTERING TROWELS, &c, &c.
CTRCOXAR SAWS.
PATENT HANDLES for Cross Cut Saws.
Saw Mill supplies generally. Saw repairing promptly attended to. All work warranted.
Price lists and information given on application.
Agents for BAND SAW MACHINERY, made by Bichabdb, London Kellet. Philadelphia.
WOODROUGH M'PARLIN,
No. 12 A 14 WEST SECOND STREET, CINCINNATI, 0.
Dr. B. V. Pibrce, of Buffalo, N. Y.,
in his book on Chronic Diseases, says in
regard to his Golden Medical Discovery,
with which our readers are familiar,
"from its wonderful power over Con
sumption of the Lungs I had thought
strongly of calling it my Consumptive
Cure but from the fact that it is a per
fect specific for the soro throat and
hoarseness to which ministers and other
public speakers and singers are subject,
and also for Bronchitis, and all severe
Coughs, and is an invaluable remedy for
diseases of the Liver, and also as a
Blood Purifier, I decided not to apply
to it a name which might mislead and
prevent its use in other diseases for
which it is so admirably adapted.
It will euro a cough in one half the
time necessary to cure it with any other
medicine, and it does it not by drying
it up but by removing the cause sub
duing the irritation and healing the
affected parts."
This valuable medicine is sold by all
first-class druggists.
Thb Vatican is queer in some things,
but the present abode of Victor Em
manuel is Quirinal.
The Little Corporal was routed but
not conquered in the great fire, and the De
cember number has come to hand as fresh,
sparkling and vigorous as ever. It contains
a full-page illustration by Thomas Nast, the
prince of artists, and among the articles we
notice one from Horace Greeley, on "Art
and Industry."
This number contains many rich things
and is beautifully illustrated throughout.
The Publisher announces that in the next
number will begin the $500 Prize Story,
written by Helen C. Weeks, a noted writer
for the young. This will no doubt be a
charming story, and all the Boys and Girls
will be delighted with it.
Published by John E. Miller, Chicago, 111.
Time flies so rapidly that fly-time will
soon roll around.
To Country Merchants and Stran
gers "Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps.
Among the complaints for which the
Schnapps" has been declared a specific by
the eminent physicians who have corres
ponded with the proprietor, are dropsy,
dyspepsia, debility consequent upon long
continued sickness and old age, epilepsy,
asthma, gravel, colic, affections of the kid
neys, and all chronic diseases. For these
and many other disorders it is now pre
scribed, with great success, by more than
three thousand medical practitioners in
various parts of the United States.
A Neglected Cough, Cold, or Sore
Throat, which might be checked by a
simple remedy, like BrowrCs Bronchial
Troches," if allowed to progress may
terminate seriously.
Injurious Perfume to a Beautiful
Woman The essence of thyme.
Maccabot makers are usually up to
snuff.
Bt the payment of annual dividends
The Mutual Life of Chicago supplies insur
ance at cost. Insure there.
Mrs. Throckmorton married the Ba
ron Lemme. They wanted her to marry
some one else, but she said, Lemme
alone."
Bufus Chapman, of Liberty, Maine,
had a stiff leg bent at the knee, limbered
and strengthened by the use of Johnson's
Anodyne Liniment.
A boy stealing chestnuts in a town
not far from New York was caught by
the irate owner of the trees. What is
your name, you little scamp?7' he asked.
"Tweed," blubbered the boy, where
upon the frightened farmer loosed his
hold and fled.
Gout ok Rheumatism is quickly re
lieved and cured in a few days by that cele
brated EngliBh Medicine, Blair's Gout "and
Rheumatic Pills.
FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENT SECURITIES.
Jay Cooke St Co., are now selling, and recom
mend as a profitable and safe investment for all
classes, the First Mortgage 7-30 Gold Bonds of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company, bearing
Seven and Three-Tenths per cent, gold interest
(more than 8 per cent, currency), and secured by
first and only mortgage on the entire Read and
equipments, and on more than 23.000 Acres of
Land to every mile of track, or 500 Acres of Land
to each 1,000 Bond. The highest enrrent price
will be paid for V. S. Five-Twenties, and all oth
er marketable securities received in exchange
Pamphlets, maps and full information, as woll as
the bonds themselves, will be furnished on appli
cation by Jay Cooke Co., Philadelphia. New
York and Washington, and by most Banks and
Bankers throughout the country.
1840 TO 1871.
FOR THIRTY-ONE YEARS
PERRY DAVIS'
PAINKILLER
Has been tested m every variety of climate, anil by al
most every nation known to Anwricans. It is the al
most constant companion and inestimable friend of
the missionary and the traveler, on sea and land, and
no one should travel on our LAKES OB ItlVEBS
WITHOUT IT.
PAIN-KILLEIt was the First nnd ts the
Only Permanent Pain-Reliever.
Since the PAIN-KILLER was first introduced, and
met with snch unsurpassed sale, many Liniment Pan
acea and other remedies have been offered to the pub
lic, but not one of them has ever attained the truly
ENVIABLE STANDING of tliu PA1N-K1LLEE.
WHY IS THIS S0 1
It is because DAVIS PAIN-KILLER is what it
claimBtobe a Believer of Pain.
ITS MERITS ARE UNSURPASSED.
If you arejuffering from INTERNAL PAIN, Twen
ty or Thirtyferops in a Little Water will almost in
stantly cure yon. There is nothing to equal it. In a
few moments it cures
Colic, Cramps, SP"""""' HenrBJar,,'.Pmr"
Uovreln, Sour Stomach, Dyspev
Mln, Sick Headache.
In sections of the country where
FEVER AND AGUE
Prevail, there is no remedy held in greater esteem.
Evory housekeeper should keep it at hand, to apply
on the first attack of any Pain. It will give satisfac
tory relief, and save hours of suffering.
Do not triile with yourselves testing untried reme
dies Be sure yon call for and get the genuine PAIN
KILLER, as many worthless nostrums are attempted
to be sold on the great reputation of thiB valuable
medicine.
jsj- Directions accompany each bottle.
Price 25 cents, 50."cent, and 81 per Bottle.
J. N. HARRIS CO.,
Cincinnati, Ohio,
Proprietors Tor the Southern and Western States.
SOLD BY AL.L MEDICINE DEALERS
f or sale ny wnr.r.r. a. juixvn. juimBuurr, u.
B08WORTU 4 SONS. Milwaukee; FULLER, FINCH I
FULLER. Chicaeo: RICHARDSON ft CO., St. Louis; 1
McCULLOCII, McCORD St CO.. La Crosse; NOTES
BROTIIERS. St. Paul.
Thb Houses We Live In. In other
words, our bodies are held on repair
ing leases. We must prop and sustain
them when they exhibit signs of weak
ness and decay, or they will inevitably
break down. In Dr. Walker's Cali
fornia Vinegar Bitters, a matchless
compound of newly discovered medi
cinal herbs, peculiar to the Pacific re
gion, the debilitated, the bilious, the
rheumatic, the consumptive, will find
the most genial tonic ana restorative
ever offered to the suffering invalid. It
contains no alcohol, and consequently
leaves no sting behind.
Whv are books your best friends
Because you can shut them up without
offending them.
The YouTn's Companion. The safest
and beat paper of its class that can find a
place in the family.
The proprietors of Johnson's Anodyne
Liniment, Parson's Purgative Pills, and
Sheridan's Cavalry Condition Powders, have
published a readable and instructive
pamphlet, which, may be had free at the
stores.
Housekeepers and heads of families
can find the Halford at their grocer's.
Winter Wisdom.
Warm clothing alone will not protect the body
against the consequences of the sudden depression of
temperature which is concomitant of early winter.
Flannel next the skin preserves the animal heat, but
it does not impart animal vigor. That property is the
special prerogative of Hostetter's 8tomach Bitters,
which is therefore a specific protection against a
majority of the complaints which are mot common
at this season. For example, a course of the great
vegetable invigorant, commenced now, will be almost
sure to preclude chills and fever, bilious colic, disor
ders of the stomach, constipation, and many other
complaints which are often the direct or indirect
effect of an atmosphere surcharged with cold, un
wholesome vapor. Moreover, the system toned and
regulated by this means is much more likely to resiBt
pulmonary disease than it would otherwise be; for
the influence of searching medicine pervades all the
organs, and every fiber and tissue of the frame. Per
sons whose vital powers are weak, especially invalid
ladieB and the aged, are earnestly recommended not to
face the winter's rigor without having recourse to this
safe and Bufllcient means of reinforcing enfeebled na
ture. Much Buffering may be escaped, much danger
averted by following this council. Better late than
never, is a good proverb, but it is better to be early
than late.
CHICAGO BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
Wholesale Houses Ready to Supply Dealers.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
Keen, 4 Co, 6 a 7 Washingten
Western News Co., 95. 97 and 99 West Randolph at.
BOOTS AM SHOES.
C. M. Ilenderson A Co., Mich, av., near Congress st.
Phelps. Dodge Palmer, Michigan av. a Congress St.
C. a. Fargo Si Co., 675 State street.
Wiswall. Nazro Ss Thompson, 231 Michigan avenue.
CLOAKS, CLOA KINGS AND TRIMMINGS.
J. W. GR1SWOLD CO.. Michigan av., cor Jackson.
CLOThlNU.
Clement. Blorton Co.. Michigan av.. corner Adama.
CORDAGE, TWINES AND DUCK.
Gilbert Hubbard S: Co.. 14 and 16 Market street.
CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE.
H. P. Merrill Co.,30 and 32 South Canal street.
DRUGGISTS.
Van Schaak, Stevemon A Reiil. 847 to SSI Wabash av.
DRY GOODS.
J. V. Farwell Sc Co., 27 and 249 Monroe street.
Hamlin, Hale a Co.. 31 and 33 Sonth Canal street.
HARDWARE.
HIBBARD Sc SPENCER, Mich, av., near Randolph.
Seeborger a Breakey. 10 and 12 West Randolph street.
HATS, CAPS AND FURS.
Keith Bros., cor. Michigan av. and Washington st.
Sweet. Dempster a Co., 59 a 61 West Washington St.
Ring Bros, a Co M7 Wabash avenue.
HEAVY HARDWARE.
HALL. KIM BARK 4 CO., Mich.av.. near Randolphst
IMPERIAL GIN AND WHISKIES.
H. H. Shufeldt a Co.. 144 Fulton street.
JEWELERS.
N. Matsou aCo.,46L Wabash avenue.
Giles Bro. a Co.. 384 Wabash avenue.
LEATHER AND FINDINGS.
Page Bro. a Co.,35 and 37 Sonth Canal street.
MILLINERY.
Mayhon, Daly a Co., 148 Michigan avenue.
D. B. Fisk a Co., :7 West Washington street.
Keith Bros., cor. Michigan av. and Washington at.
Gage Brothers a Co., 961 Indiana avenue.
MUSIC AND PIANOS.
Root a Cady. 612 Michigan avenue.
W. W. Kimball, 6in Michigan avenno.
SEWING SILK.
BeTding Bros, a Co., Michigan av.. corner Jackson.
SHIP CHANDLERS AND SAIL MAKERS.
Gilbert Hubbard a Co., 14 and 16 Msrket street.
STOVES WHOLESALE.
J. F. Rathbone a Co.. 30 and 32 Sonth Canal street
O'CLOCK.
THEA- NECTAR
IS A PURE
BLACK- TEA
with the Green Tea Flavor. War
ranted to suit all tastes. For mile
everywhere. Aud for eale whole
ale only by the Great Atlantic
Pac i fir Tea Co., S Church
St., Nw York. P. O Box 550O.
Sendor TheaNectar Circular,
B.EDxrcTioza' uor PRICES
To conform to red ion of duties.
GREAT SAVING v CONSUMERS
BY GETTING CLUBS.
89 Send for our New Prit ist and a club form
will accompany it, containing Idirections making
a large saving to consuniers,a emunerative to club
organizers.
THE GREAT AMERICAN TEA CO.,
31 and 33 Veaey Street,
P. O. Box 5643. New York.
50 th EAR.
NEW YORK OBSERVER
S3 per Annum, including Tear Book for 1872.
SIDNEY E. MORSE, JR. CO.,
37 Park Row, New York.
SAMPLE COPIES FREE.
THE MOCKING BIRD.
A NEW SINGING BOOK
for Academies, Schools and Juvenile Classes,
By VV. O. PERKINS.
This work is a MODEL of SIM PLICITY AND OOM
PLETKSESS. and it SCItl'ASSES ALL SIMILAR
WORKS in the great varie.j Hnd excellence of the
Muric it contains.
Price, SO cents per Copy, Postage paid.
WM. A. POND CO., 547 Broadway, N. Y.
BOOSEY'S CHEAP MUSIC.
Catalncrnei maild on application.
S10 Broadway, X. Y.
"TIFI.iKS. Shot-Guns, Revolvers, Gun Materials of
JLl every kind. Write for a Price List, to Great Wes
tern Gun Works, Pittsburgh, Pa. Arniy Guns and
Revolvers bought, or traded for. A gents want..
l A O A MONTH Uoiwandcaniagefiirnished,
O Expenses paid. II. B. SHAW. Alfred. Me.
ITHRIDGE'
XX FLINT GLASS
LAMP CHIMNEYS
Stand Heat better than any other made
Ask for Dithridge's, and take no other.
See that our name is on every box.
DITHRLDGE SOX, Pittsburgh, Pa.
S" Send for Price List.
BIGELOW
Any party desirous of Private Treatment, either
Male or Female, will learn of a New Mode of Cure,
warranted in everv carte, by calling or addressing Dr.
CHAS. BIGELOW, 464 State street, Chicago, 111.
BIGELOW
lJ rt Ofk lor flrst-class Pianos. Sent on trial. No
Sji)J agents. Address U. 8. PIANO CO.. Mo
Broadway. New York.
515111!
lil UaS l.Ti.lLasi
f I tlACJ if J J IM B."T iTj
J. Walk-tb, Proprietor. R. H. McDohald st Co., Draffrittm
Qn. AgnU 8 Francisco, 01.. nd M Cotnncrc air awl. N. Y.
MILLIONS Bear Testimony to then
Wonderful Curative Effect a.
They are not a vile Fancy Drl nk. Made of Poor
Rum, Whiskey, Proof Spirits and Refuse
Liquors) doctored, sviced and sweetened to please the
taffte,caUed "Tonics,' "Appetizers," 4 Restorers, fca
that lead the tippler on to drunkenness and ruin, but are
a true Medicine. made from the Native Roots and Herbs
of California, free from all Alcoholic Stimu
lants. They ore the GREAT BLOOD PURI
FIER, nnd A LIFE GIVING PRINCIPLE
a perfect Renovator and Invigorator of the System,
carrying off all poisonous matter and restoring theblood
to a healthy condition. Ko person can take these Bit
ters according to directions and remain long unwell,
provided their bones ore not destroyed by mineral
poison or other means, and the vital organs wasted,
beyond the point of repair.
They are a Gentle Purgative as well as a
Tonic, possessing, also, the pecuUar merit ot acting
as a powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inflam
mation ot the Liver, and all the Visceral Organs.
FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS, In young or
old, married or single, at the dawn ot womanhood or at
the turn of life, these Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For Inflammatory and Chronic Rheuma
tism and Gout9 Dyspepsia or Indigestion
Villous Remittent and Intermittent Fe
vers, Blseases of the Blood. Liver Kid
neys and Bladder these Bitters have been most
successful. Such Blseases are caused by Vitiated
Blood which is generally produced by derangement
of the Digestive Organs
DYSPEPSIA OR INDIGESTION, Dead
ache, Pain in the Shoulders, Coughs, Tightness of the
Chest, DizxlneM, Sour nictations of the Stomach,
Bad Taste in the Mouth. Bilious Attacks, Palpitation ol
the Heart, Inflammation of the Lungs, Pain In the re
gions of the Kidneys, and a hundred other painful symp
toms, are the offsprings of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach and stimulate the torpid
Liver and Bowels, which render them of unequalled
efficacy in cleans ing the blood of all Impurities, and im
porting now life and vigor to the whole system.
FOR SKIN DISEASES, Eruptions, Tetter, Salt
Rheum, Blotches, Spots, Pimples, Pustules, Boils, Car
buncles, Ring-Worms. Scald Head. Sore Eyes, Erysipe
las, Itch. Scurfs, Dtncolorations of the Skin, Humors and
Diseases of tbe Skin, of whatever name or nature, are
literally dug up and carried out of the system in a short
time by tho use ol these Bitters. tne bottle in such
eases will convince the most incredulous of their cura
tive effects.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever you find its im
parities bursting through the skin in Pimples, Erup
tions or Sores cleanse it when you find it obstructed
and sluggish in the veins; cleanse It when it is foul,
and your feelings will tell you when. Keep the blood
pure, and the health of the srstem wilt follow.
Fin Tape, and other Worms, lurking In the
system of so many thousands, are effectually destroyed
and removed. Says a dintiiurulshed physiologist,
there is scarcely an individual upon the face of the
earth whose body is exempt from the presence of
worms. It is not upon the healthy elements of the
body that worms exist, but upon tbe diseased humors
and slimy deposits that breed these living monsters of
disease. Mo System of Medicine, no vermifuges, ns
anthelmintics will freo the system from worms like
these Bitters.
J. WALKER, Proprietor. R. H. McDONALD CO.
Druggists aud tfen. Atrents, San Franciseo. California,
and 32 and 34 Commerce Street, Now York.
E7"SOLI BY ALL DRUGGISTS AND DEALERS.
-b oston.
One af tbe moat popular, akillfallr edited,
nnd widely circulated paper, in
tbe country.
Bar. Edward E. Hale,
Pro James D. Mills,
Mrs. Ii. C. Moulton.
Mrs. Helen C. Weeks,
Euth Chesterfield.
Mrs. H. B. Stowe.
Sophie May."
Mrs. K. H. Daris.
Mrs. O. W. Flanders,
Mrs. M. A. Denison.
With otber well-known and eminent writers, con
tribute to its columns.
Besides charminclr written Storl.a, and
Tales or Adtbntori, it contains Letters ,r Tra
vel, Historical and 8cKTino Artioxss, Bio
graphical Britches, Observations im Natural
History, Striking Editorials oh Currrkt
Events, Sports, Games, Puzzles, etc. etc.
Varied, Comprehensive, practical, and full of in
formation, it attracts and lnteresta alike both old
and yonne.
Two Stirrlnar Serial Stories, on. of Hon.
Lite," the other Lite on the Frostier." will
appear during the year.
Send for specimen copies sent free. Subscription
price, Sl.SO in advance.
FERRY, MAS Off 8c CO.,
Publishers,
BOSTON MASS.
"Wide Awake
Chromos subjects
LIFE SIZE exquisite facsimile of original Oil
Pain tints. GIVEN A WAY to every subscriber to
HENRY WARD BEECHER'S
Great LITERARY, RELIGIOUS, WEEKLY NEWS
PAPER. Agents having great successl One took
l.ooo names in 3 months; another 60V in 6 weeks; an
other 118 in one week one 47 in one day. and many
others equally well, making from $-1 and $10 to $44 per
day. Tafces on sight I An old agent who know, says
I think it the beat bminew for canvaMera ever offered.
Sorry I did not engage sooner." Pays better than
any book agency. A rare chance to make money.
LOCAL AGENTS WANTED!
Intelligent men and women wanted everywhere. II
jou wish good territory, send early for circular and
terms J. B. FORD CO.. 27 Park Place N. Y.. 11
Bromfleld St.. Boston 2SS W. Madison St.. Chicago.
Chicago 12 Destruction,
A full and conxplPte history ot Chicago, her past, pres
ent and future. With graphic scenes, incidents and full
details of thedis.Bter, oy Geo. P. Upton and J.W. Shea-
i-.ftii pilitnrs of the Cnicaffo Tribune. With over 4. Oft
pagea and 50 illostrarionfi. It is now ready for
iftrtiTe UflUTrn aeuverr. senai.iior oui
AbtNIS WAN I LU fit and choice of territory.
Union Publishing Co., Chicago. III., or Phi la.. Pa.
RUPTURE
Relieved and cured by Dr. Sherman's Patent Appli
ance and Cnrrmmind. Office 697 Broadway. N. Y.
Send Hc. for book with photographic likenesses of
case, letters and portrait. Beware of traveling im
posters, who pretend to have been assistants of Dr.
Sheeman.
k. JC2 SOEO!DSaua. ITAtUNTIDla talU wt. l"f
JSw3 i ar4r W firt, m.mi ftttwuwi. VmIh, 1 TkU r"-
Imrt IHUBh BTnvhui.m II t.atl. u.1 mm. VTar" '.'1
pnrp for a month to all who aak for jrj?1 d
FREE Freefor thirteen month- to ''l,'""'
four nw Subicribers and each neTbe Port-
also receiving the extra month ""j mo!t enter.
land Transcript, one of JoJXd m iy weeklies in
tainingand instructive 't2nrial for l. All lead
the country. Seven moiuh5j on t inquir
ing Periodica s clubbed wit" Portland Me.
ing imp. fl'iiiiPM
TTTlKTFn-AGENTS lor J UUIAB a in maiiai
V T ri ES ready calculated at 5, 6, 7. 9 and 10
JrV.ni TbeW' look nn Interest now in use.
percent, i E. JDLIAW. Lancaster. Ohio.
THK NEW YEAR.. The Nntionnl Family
Almanac. Only twenty cents. Forty goode.iuare
raees. Kver so many pictnrea. Valuable hints for the
household. Good the year round- Buy at the nearest
news stand or send 2ic. to the Am'ean Tract Society. 117
Washington St.. Boston. Special terms to canvassers.
AGENTS Wanted. Agents make more mony at
work for ns than at any thing else. Particulars free.
G. Stinsos t: Co.. Fia4 Art Publitkm-; Portland, Maine.
I YOUNG PEOPLE j
I
s
MISS SAWYER'S SALVE.
li kUB yon havo a salve combining soothing and
XI healing properties, with no dangerous ingred
ient. A remedy at hand for tho many pains and
aches, wounds and bruises to which flesh is heir.
Is more easily applied than many other remedies,
never producing a bad effect, but always relieving
pain, however severe.
It is prepared by Mian Sencyer, who has used It
in her own extensive treatment of the sick, for
nearly twenty years, with great success.
The principal diseases for which this salve Is rec
ommended are. ChilMain. Hheitmatium, Pile,
Scrofula, Old Ulctr, Salt Rheum. Sprain; Burn;
Fever Sores, Felon PimpU; Eryipeta, Sore
Eye; Barber's Itch, 7eonss, BoiU, Ring-worm;
Corns, Bites of Insects, Cancers, Toothache, Ear
ache, Sore Jflpples, Baldness, StcolUn Breants,
Itch, Scald Head, Teething, Chapped Hands,
Scalds, Cuts, Bruise; Croup, Cracked Zips, and
Sores on Children
It never fails to car Rheumatism if properly
applied. Rub it on well with tbe hand three times
a day. In several cases it has cured palsied limbs.
For Piles it has been discovered to be a sure rem
edy. Persons that have been afflicted for years
have been relieved by a few applications. For Ery
sipelas it works wonders, allaying thcinflammatior
and quieting the patient. For Chapped Hands it
produces a cure Immediately. Let those with Salt
Shewn obtain this Salve, and npply H freely, and
they will nnd Jt invaluable. It is good in cases of
Scrofula and Tumors. Cancers nave been cured
with it. The best fialve ever invented for Swollen.
Breast and Sore NippTes. No way injurious, but
sure to afford relief. Sore or Weak Eyes Rub it
on the lids gently, once or twice a day. Cures deaf
ness by putting in the cars on a piece of cotton.
For Pelonn this is superior to anything known.
For Pimples this acts like a charm. For Burns
and Scalds, apply tho Balve at once and it gives
immediate relief. For Old Sores, apply once a
day.
Not among the least of the invaluable properties
of Miss Sawyer's Salve are its beneficial effect
on the hair. Rubbed on the scalp, in five or six
different parts, it promotes the growth of the hair,
prevents it turning gray, and on bald spots it pro
duces a new growth of hair. No lady should be
without this invaluable article as an indispensable
cosmetic for the toilet. It eradicates dandruff and
disease from the head, and blotches and pimples
from the face.
We, the undersigned, have been acquainted with
Afiss Sawyer for many years, and believe her to be
a Christian lady and a skilful nurse, and having
used her salvo in our families, it gives xtm great
pleasure In saying it is tbe best general medicine
we have ever used:
Rev. E. F. Cotter. JotmT. Berry.
Rev. W. O. Holmsn, Wm. 11. Titcomb,
Rev. Joseph Kslloch, Mrs. Chsrles Snow,
Her. George Pratt, Mn. Alex. Snow,
Gen. J. P. Ciller and wife. Dr. E. P. Chase and wife,
Capt. J. Crocker sod wife, J. Wakefield and wife,
Capt. David Ames and wife, Wm. Beauie and wife,
Wm. Wilson and wife, Jacob Shaw and wife,
R. Spear, John 8. Case and wife,
A. S. Rice, B. W. Wight and wife,
Geo. W. Kimball. Jr. (Mayor W. O. Fuller and wife,
of Rockland) and wife, Thoma. Colston and wife,
Joseph Farwell, Dea. Uenry Ingraoam and
C- R- Mallard. wife.
Ephraim Barrett, O. J. Conant (Postmaster of
Leander Weeks, Rockland) and wife,
lion. N. A. Burpee, I. K- Kimball and wife,
Francis Cobb, William McLoon.
TO TBE AFFLICTED.
If your Druggist Is oat of the Salve, and neglect
to keep supplied, send seventy-five cents as directed.
below, and receive a box by return mail.
Put tip in Large Boxes at 50 cents each
(nearly three times as large as the box represented
above). Prepared by MISS C- SAWYER, and
put up by L. M- BOBBINS, Wholesale
and Retail Drusrgrist, Rockland, Me.
A Trial Box sent free by mail on receipt of seventy
five cents, by L. Af. ROBBINS. Rockland, Me.
THIS VALUABLE SALVE 13 SOLD BY
ALL DEALERS IN MKIHCIXKS.
STEIN WAY SONS'
Grand, Square and Upright Pianos
were awarded the
First Grand Qold Medal,
World's Fair, Paris. 1867, and London, 1862.
i Stein wat Pianos are universally conceded to be
The Lending First-Class Piano
now nefore the public These instruments are pre
ferred to all others by the most celebrated pianists.
They are used by all the principal concert troupes
whenever attainable. They have a truly Worldwide"
reputation, beinar largely exported to Europe, and all
f tarts of the civilised world, and they are sought to be
m itated by nearly all American and European Piano
makers. Meinway A: Sons9 Mammoth !IiinnfactoiT
is the most perfectly arranged and extensive establish
ment of its aind in tbe world. The published official
Revenue returns having revealed the fact that the
amount of their yearly tales exeeed those of the twelve
largest piano-makers of New York combined.
Steinwat A Sons call special attention to their
New Patent Uprfcht Pianos
with double Iron frame. Patent Resonator and Tubu
lar Frame action, which are matchless in volume and
quality of tone, and surpaesing facility of action, while
standing longer In tune and being more impervious to
atmospheric influences than any other Piano at present
manufactured.
Every Piano Warranted for Five Years.
Prices as low as the exclusive use of the best mate
rials and most thorough workmanship will permit.
Old Pianos taken in exchange.
tta Illustrated Catalogues with price-lists mailed
free on application.
WAEEROOMS 8TEINWAY HALL,
109 and 111 Last Fourteenth St., New York.
OVER. ONE HUNDRED PAGES.
Printed in Two Colors, on superb Tinted Papeb.
Four Hundred Enrravln-r of Flowers),
Plants and Vegetables, with Descriptions, and
TWO. COLORED PI ATE S.
Directions and plans for makina Walks, li.wns.
Gardens, etc. Tbe handsomest and bert FI.OIIAL
GUIDE in the World. All for Te Cents, to
those who think of buying Seeds. Not a quarter tha
cost. 200,000 sold in 1671. Address
JAMES VICK,
Rochester, K. T.
Universalism.
Send for free sample copy of the Chribtiajt Lf.ad-
kb. a flrst-class weekly journal published by the New
York Slate Convention of Uni versa lists, aud contain
ing the Sermons of Dr. E. II. Chapin. Terms $2.50 per
year. Address, Publisher CuaiSTiAM Lease.
Broadway, New York City.
BLISS, KEENB ft CO.'S Fluid Extract, the
wonderfl remedy for Cancer, Wyphilia, Hero
fulav, l: leers, Pulmonary Comilnlnta, Hale
Rheum, and all Chronic niood Diseases, is
Rr. pared from the Genuine Cunduranao Dark,
om Loja, Ecuador, secured by tbe assistance of tua
authorities of that country It is the most effective,
prompt and certain alterative and blood purifier
known. Sold by all Druggists, in pint bottles, hav
ing on them our name, trade mark and directions.
Send for a circular. Office and Laboratory. Mo. 60
Cedar St., N. Y.
WILL. M. CAULETON
AUTHOR OF
"BETSEY AUD I AXXl OUT,"
EDITS AND WHITES FOB
THE DETROIT WEEKLY TRIBUNE,
Send for specimen copy'
THK TRIBUNE. PewjMlcb,
THE LAST 48 YEARS.
"NOTHING BETTER!
CUTLER BROS. CO.,
BOSTON.
oct, mnolSold by trio Drutcslots
The Or eat Koa;Hh Remedy for Gout and
ltbenmntism.
ALL sufferer from the alove complaint are adr1seX
to ne BLAIR'S GOUT and KHEUMAX-''
PILLS. They can he relied npon as the most sale in
effectual remedy ever offered to the public, and hac v
been universally used in Europe for many years with
the greatest success.
Her Majesty's Commissioners have authorized the
nameaod address of "THOMAS PKOUT, 22V Strand
London,1 to be impressed upon the Government stamp
affixed to each box of the genuine medicine.
Wholesale Agents Fuller ft Fuller, Chicago;
Wells ft Co.. New York, nnd all medicine venders.
S37
f 4 MftVTH HnrManrl AtirHt fit T-n iariArl
Address. Novelty Co.. Saco, Mo.
"WT'llKN WRITING TO ADVERTISER.
IT please say yon saw the adrertlscmeni
In thin paper
C. N. U. Dec, 9.1871, No. 49,
trir
IWB USED AND RECOM-
VIM ??.ESS? MENDED BY THE MOST LJ
Pl-; mS-2 EMINENT PHYSICIANS fSJ
w7!,it3TJ IN NEW ENGLAND FOR lit!

r
I-
it
t