JHE HERALD.
rKjiNaukre Prairie du Chien R. B.
CAR TIME AT BOSCOBEL.
jolng «Mt,
NUM «xpr<MM, Mui, r
A< i umuiod'n, ea5t,...... ..ir.oO a-
Kxprea*. going want J-®*
Might eiprnaa, wwt
Aiioiumod o welt, 400 p
rf-Tln s:<i7 A M. tr»in uuly connwta
<>r puiuti in Minnesota »nd low Tne »:i" A. .1
tr iln r.,nn» t* at Milti Junction nd Milwaukee for
F. B. BURDICK,
Agent at Boecubel.
Mineral Point Railroad.
CAR TIME AT PLATTEVILLE.
PI.ATTEVILI.K-Trwini leave at 9 A. M
arriv* at 4:10 P. M.
BKLMONT-Train* leave at 9:30 A. M.
arrive at 3:40 P. M.
Train* run daily except on Sunday. Paaaenger*
leaving Platteville al 9 A. M.. arrive in Chicago at
7P. M Paaaengxr* leaving Chicago on the morning
train come directly through and arrive at Platteville
at 4:10 P.M. GKO. W. COBB,Snp’t.
Local Matters:
COR SALE—Twenty Acres of Tim
ber land situated two miles north of
village of Lancaster. Apply to E.
IL Tiel, Herald office. 23
—Small Pox is grudua'ly ceasing
to prevail in Dubuque.
—Congressman Barber started for
Washington yesterday morning.
-Four hogs per minute are slaugh
i red at .1. M Ryan’s abattoir in Ga
lena
—The little village of Month.rl
can boast of the best skatinir rink in
I rant County.
Examine Budd's “Portland’’
cutters before they are all shipped
to purchasers abroad.
-Mr. Joseph Kay, of Georgetown,
sent to Galena last week a drove of
hogs numbering 712 head
—There will bo mass at St. Clem
ente Church, Lancaster, on Thurs
day next at 10 o'clock A M.
—"The Sage of Concord," Ralph
Waldo Emerson, lectures in', Dubuque
in December A man well worth
hearing.
Bro Brown of the Galena Gazette
receives letters from parties who
want to be conductors on the Musco
da Railroad.
—The coldest kind of midwinter
weather prevailed here for several
days last week. The mercury went
far below zero.
—That “wolf story," narrated by
Free Williams at the last meeting of
the Old Settlers of G rant County, is
going the rounds of the papers.
—Joseph Vosberg, who resides
near Dickeyville, has a two year old
iron grey colt which weighed on
election day 1312 pounds. This colt
“promises” well.
—Nast’s Illustrated Almanac tor
1x72 is for sale at the Lancaster book
store. A rich compound of the liter
ary and the pictorial, the sublime
ami the ridiculous.
—The towns in this County along
the proposed line of the Galena und
Muscoda Narrow Guage R. R. are
jubilant over the prospects of the
building of the road.
—The Mississippi is solidly frozen
over at Prairie du Chien. A tempo
rary railway bridge is now being
constructed there and will bo ready
for use by Thursday or Friday’ of this
week.
uro now all the talk of liverymen
ami others intending to purchase
winter go-hides. They are beauti
ful in form, well made and painted
and very cheap.
—Wo are pleased to notice the
return of Mr. Win. Ward, from his
summer surveys and wanderings
among the pioneers and aborigines of
.Minnesotaand Wisconsin. Bill looks
us halo and hearty as of yore.
A literary association has boon
formed by the young ladies in the
public schools of this village. The
chief aim of the society is intellectual
improvement, including discipline in
the useful art of argumentation.
—The Lancaster Skating Rink
was opened to the public one night
last week. Mr. Wm. Orton will do
his best to keep this popular place of
resort in good •jkatablt) condition,
and deserves an abundance of patron
age.
—“War or peace, fame or forgetful
ness, can tiring no real injury to one
who has formed the fixed purpose to
hvo nobly day by day,"—and, the es
sayist should have said, has his
clothes mado by Ed. Hite, tailor, Lan
caster, Wis.
—Snow began to fall thick and fast
about ten o’clock liist night, continu
ing pretty steadily until an early
hour this morning. A depth of from
tour to tiro inches covers the ground
to-day, and the merry sound of sleigh
bells is heard in the land.
young ladies of Galena is active, and
the supply is said to be inexhaustible,
Il is declared that the best prizes are
carried off by young men from
abroad, and wo wonder how the
young natives can submit to that.
—We see in town to-day Mr. A. J
Pipkin, who represents Goodrich.
Terry A <’o., wholesale grocers, of
Milwaukee. We believe he finds
“trade" here, notwithstanding the
fact that our merchants are just now
dealing mostly with Chicago firms.
—Gov. Eairchild has appointed
H>U W. W. Field of Boscobel to rep
resent Giant County in the Com
mercial Convention which meets at
Detroit to-morrow to consider the
-utiject of continuous stream naviga
tion from the Mississippi Vadey to
the Atlantic Ocean.
—(’apt. A. B Bushnell ot Lan
caster, member of the Assembly
elect, has been appointed by Govern
or Fairchild a member of the State
Visiting Committee, to visit the Be
rievolont Institutions ot our State and
report upon their management.—
I'his annual round takes place next
month.
Last week a muscular quartette
of Bloomingtonians, while in a saloon
of that town became, like Tam
O’Shanter and his cronies, full and
“unco happy." Then combativeness
asserted itself and a diversion ensued
in which one of the four did cleverly
and prettily punch the heads of his
muddled companions.
—At a public entertainment re
cently given by the students of Beloit
College, Mr. Edward I). Eston, of
Lancaster, delivered a tine poem en»
titled i’he Last of the Anchorites."
A correspondent there sends us a
somewhat lengthy account of the en
tertainment, which owing to a proas
of other matters, we are utterly una
ble to publish in our columns.
A Pertinent Paragraph about Pork-
Edit >it Herald:—l noticed in a
late number of your paper a selected
article on the dressing of hogs. The
idea is all right as far as keeping the
meat from becoming tainted or sour
ed is concerned, but bogs could not
well be handled by shippers after
having been split into halves along
the backbone. I will here add that
more hogs sour on account of the
tongues and gullets being left in them
than from almost any other causes
whatever. Hogs shipped to Eastern
markets without having these things
removed are invariably counted 10 to
15 short It is surprising that buy
ers here do not make a difference in
hogs dressed in this manner and
those properly dressed. Tbo season
for dressed pork having just opened,
1 would suggest to farmers and pork
dressers generally, that this matter
be attended to in every instance.
The subject will be agitated and look
ed to by purchasers this year more
than it has been heretofore. It is
certainly an item of interest to every
shipper. 1 personally know of sev
eral hundred pounds of pork souring
at this station on different warm days
last winter, and all caused by the
non-romoval of tongues und gulleU
Tom.
Bowcobel, Nov. 27.
Important Announcement.
7<> my Customers and the Public in
general:
On ami after December 1, '7l, prices
on all goods sold by me will be re
duced to the lowest Cash Basis. This
will enable me to offer groat bargains
in reudyMnade clothing, dress-goods,
silks, poplins, etc., —white goods,
shawls, laces, and, in fact, all articles
usually found in a tirstclass drygoods
establishment.
Having determined to do business
on a strictly cash principle on and
after Januury Ist, 1872, it is hereby
announced that no more credit will
be given at my store from that time
forward. Farm produce of every
kind taken in exchange for goobs.
Bring your pork, grain, butter
etc., and 1 will allow you therefor
the highest rates this market affords,
giving in payment goods at the low
est cash figures.
All persons knowing themselves
indebted to me are luspectfully in
formed that they must settle all dues
between this date and the first day
of January next.
Hoping that my new business de
parture will meet with general ap
proval, und confident that the cash
system will prove a blessing to cus
tomers as well as merchant, I hereby
return thunks for the flattering pat
ronage of the past, and respectfully
solicit a continuation of the same
under the new regime,
Anton Schmitt.
Lan< aMter, Nov- 28, 1871. 20w4
L. L. A.—The regular annual
meeting of the Lancaster Library
Association was held at Barber
Clemcntson's office last evening. The
Board of Directors were re-elected,
as follows: L. Holloway, A. R.
Bushnell, A. H. Barber, Goo. Clern
entson, A. Provis. The Board also
re-appointed the old officers, which
stand as follows for the ensuing year.
President—L. Holloway.
Vice do—A. R. Bushnell.
Treasurer—A. Burr.
Librarian—A. H. Barher.
Reports from the Treasurer, Sec
retary and Librarian were read and
adopted. An assessment of SI,OO
upon each member was ordered to
meet the contingent expenses of the
society.
A Desperado’s Deserts.—The fol
lowing fron the Prairie du Chien Un
ion will gratify numerous readers in
this county “On Wednesday last
William Stephens, found guilty of
burglary, was sentenced to State Pris
on for ten years, including one day of
solitary confinement. The sentence
is just, and will be approved of by all
our citizens. Stephens is one of the
boldest cutthroats that ever inhabit
ed a jail. He has already served two
years in the ponetentiary from Grant
county, where he was convicted of
burglary some three or four years
ago.”

D. P. M. R. 11. Survey.—The sur
vey of this route from Dubuque to
Platteville was completed by Chief
Engineer Morgan Evarts on Thurs
day of last week. The survey line
commences at Eagle Point, running
up the Mississippi to the mouth of
Platte, thence up the valley to the
forks of Platte, and along the Little
Platte to Block House Branch and
thence to Platteville. Chief Engineer
Evarts and party are now surveying
a route from the eastern terminus of
the Mineral Point road to Monroe,
which they expect to reach before
Christmas day.

X#' A new and praiseworthy move
has just been made by the Germans
of this town. They have organized
an association the object of which is
musical and vocal culture as well as
general advancement and mutual
good feeling on the part ot the mem
bers. The organization is called
“Ilarmonia." Mr. A. Schmitt is
President, Mr. J. Nathan Treasurer,
and Prof A. Michaelis Musical Di
rector. Seini-weekly meetings are
to be held in one of the rooms over
the Herald office.
t«ult is rumored that the Grand
Dulce Alexis comes to this country
on an important and, of course, deli
cate diplomatic mission. Nothing of
the sort, good sir, or madam. He is
here for the purpose of purchasing
some of those staple and fancy dry
goods, holiday article®, and so forth,
etc., Ac., which Messrs. Baxter A
Kinney are this week putting on
their shelves and displaying in their
show-cases.
Hotel for Sale —-Stevens’ hotel
property in Montford is offered for
sale. Mine host John has served the
people here for eighteen years past,
and now desires after accumulating
plenty of this world’s goods to retire
from the business. The hotel is one
of the best country stands we know
of for business. See advertisement
elsewhere.
Pictorial.— Mr. E. O. Lacy will be
at Patch Grove during the next
twenty days, for the purpose of tak
ing photographs, tin-types, and every
variety of pictures In bis line. Spe
cial attention given to copying and
enlarging old pictures.
JbyNext Thursday is Thanks
giving day.
Dental Notice.—Drs. Newell
Averill, dentists, will be in their Lan
caster office from the 15th inst. until
the Ist of December. One of the
docotrs will visit Bloomington on the
20tb of December, and remain three
or four days only.
Special—Drs. Newell Averill
will'be in their Mineral Point office
from the Ist to the fifteenth of each
month, and in their Lancaster office
from the fifteenth to the last of each
month. This is their permanent ar
rangement for this winter, unless
otherwise noticed in this paper.
Patients residing at a distance from
either office will please inform by
letter a few days in advance, w 4.
Every Saturday.—With the close
of the present year, this sterling
periodical will cease to he an illus
trated newspaper. After that time,
it will be published in the original
form and character which won for it
during a period of four years such
universal support and favor. We
regret that we have this fact to chron
icle, for Every Saturday as a pictorial
paper had merits not found in any of
its cotemporaries.
Teachers Wanted.—A male teach
er is wanted in the Rockville district;
and a lady will find employment for
three months, beginning Dec. Ist, in
what is known as the “German Dis
trict," town of Woodman. Address,
stating terms, Daniel Freeman,
Clerk Joint Dist. No 4, Woodman,
Wis.
Petty Larceny.—Btr.j. Keitlinger
of Fennimore was tried before Jus
tice Burr yesterday on charge of
stealing from Gen. Callis's barn sev
eral bridles. The accused plead
guilty and was fined $lO and costs.
—_
A. Schmitt’s announce
ment. The move is a pretty bold
one, but it will prove most benefi
cial in its effects. A strict ready
pay principle ought to be adopted by
everybody.
BAXTER KINNEY,
I.A MASTER, AVIS.
To the People Before you
buy your supplies, go to Baxter A
Kinney’s and see their Big Stock of
New Winter Goods, bought last
week in Chicago for cash. A full
lino of beautiful Dress Goods, La«
dies and Gent’s Fine Buck and Kid
Mittens and Gloves Hoods, Nu
bias, Scarfs and Shawls in all the
latest styles and designs. Men and
Boy’s Overcoats and Caps, new
and cheap Boots, Shoes and Rub
bers also lined over shoes and boots
—a very desirable article. Ladies
and Gent’s Underwear beautiful
and cheap. Cloths, Flannels, Linseys,
Germantown and Fancy Wool and
Yarns at very low prices- A largo
stock of Christmas and New
Years Goods suitable for presents
for old and young. Come and see,
26tf Baxter Kinney.
CH I C AGO M ARKET.
Chicago, Monday, November, 27.
Wheat, Corn, 40’4@40%. Oat*, 3D J
@32. H k* dull at3.70@3.80.
BOSCOBEL MARKET.
OoaBXCTID MVZBT TUX-CAT MORXINO BT FAKKF.B, UIL
DEBKAWD X CO.
Bobcobkl, Tue*day, November 28.
Wheat, bn*hel 1 ow.i I 05
Flour, cwt 3 20
Corn, buahel 32
O»t», y buahel 25
Barley, yt buahel, 25ftclO
Rye. buahel 45@50
Butter, Packing, lb lOfu'.lo
Butter, Freab Roll, p tt> 1*
Lard, th B@lo
Egga, 18
Wool, Fleece, f* th 50
Wool, Tub Washed f< Th 00
Beef Cattle, ’{4 cwt 2 5U@2 75
Pork, Live, f‘ cwt 3 00@3 25
Pork, Dressed, ft cwt..... 3 7a(<j4 00
Hide*, green, lb 8
Hide*, dry, 'p lb 15
Salt, bbl 3 25
—li i
POTOSI MARKET.
CURRZCTID BVKBV TIESDAK MORNING VI M. W. WEIGHT.
I’oToai, Tuesday, November 28.
Wheat, per buah 1 00@l 05
Flour, per cwt 2 00
Corn, per buah 3(X0>35
Oats, per bush 23@25
Fresh bntter, per th 18@2O
Lard, per th B@lU
Kgga, per do* 17
Salt, per bbl _ 3 25@3 50
Dru-aed Pork, per cwt 3 50@4 25
Di ea«ed Chickeua, per tt> 7
Dr<«aed Turkey-, per lb
MARR IBP:
In Wyalnaiuz, November 20th, by R. P. Smith, Esq,
Mr. Ja< kaon Pane and Mrs. Abbie Sellora, both of
Wyalusing.
In Fennimore, Novuml-er 12th,by Rev. 8. N.Jonea,
Mr. Charles D. Smith, of Fennimore, and Miaa Louiaa
Laue, ofOalana.
In Fennimore, November 14th, by Kt v. 8 N.Jonea,
Mr. Melvin J. Shearer and Miaa Isabella McDermott,
both of Fennimore.
In Dunleith, November 14th, by John M. Daggett,
Kaq., Mr. Albert W. Budworth, of Beetown, and Mixa
F. L. Irish, of Dunleith.
Io Boscobel, November 23d, by Rev. Wm. Stoddart,
Mr. George W. Bolster and Mis* Victoria A, Woolley.
In Montfort, November 14th, by Rev. P K Knox,
Mr. J. M Gaston arid Miss M. K. Bell, both of Mont
fort.
DIEP t
lu Caaaville, October 30tb. 1871, of consump n
Sabah R., wife of Samuel Smith, aged 29 yeare.
In Brodtville, Sept. 18th, 1871, Klizabbth Brodt,
aged 82 years.
Deceased was a member of the Congregational
Church, and a devoted Christian She leaves several
children and a large circle of friende to mourn her
loss.
In Brodtville, Oct. 9th, of typhoid fever, Joakcl'M
Bxodt, aged 47 years.
He leaves a wife, three children and many relative*
and friend* to mourn bi* departure.
To my customers I wish to say a few words.
Having served in this communit}’ for over 20
years, my gains are far inadequate to my ef
forts, while many suppose I have acquired a
competency sufficient to retire, they have and
do act on that idea, by letting a small account
lie unsettled a long time, compelling me to
hire just the amount due from them to meet
my bills, or compel me to trespass upon my
creditors, very much impairing my own cred
it. The mildest language that can be applied
is, Tts not bight. A farmer has no right
to hold for speculation (or what he tries to
think right,) for bigger prices. A merchant
in this village told a farmer to sell his (the
merchant’s) part of that grain immediately.
That’s the ide'. Sell so much as will pay
what is due yo i mechanic or merchant, fcc.;
then if anything is left hold it as long as you
please, instead of saying, “I have no money,”
when asked by your mechanic and compel
him to hire money for you. Hereafter when
you come for work at my shop, sty how long
you want credit, and when that time comes,
pay. The profits are consumed in loss of use
ot the money; then we workfor nothing. ro
mediate payment will be demanded if this is
not adopted. D. H. BUDD.
-A- C.A.T iT
Wishing to visit my former home io California for
health and recreation, I take thia occasion to say to
all tnv customers that in order to carry out my
plana I must insist on the payment of all notes and
accounts due oa or before the drat day ot December
neat. I have often discommoded myself for the
accommodation of mr patrons, and ask each of them
to do th- same for mo thia once.
D. T. BROWN.
Bloomington. Nov. 14th, lASI 20w2
HOUSE AND LOT
For Sale or Rent.
I have for sale a bouse and lot in the village of Lan
caster. si luetsd near ths Woolen Mills. A good coni
tenable frame bouse, containing three rooms, and
well adapted to the wants of a small family. Yer
particulars inquire of John P. Lewis, Lancaster.
V. B. QUINBY.
November 2#, ISTI. 3ttal
A Complete rictorial /i 'mtoryof tfn Tia>es
The Lett, cheapett, aiut most eevnomieol Fam
ily Paper in the Union.'''
Harpers Weekly.
SPLENDIDLY ILLUSTRA TED.
Notices ts the Press.
The Model Newspaper of our country.—
Complete in all the departments of an Amer
ican Family Paper, Harpers Weekly has earn
ed for itself a right to its title, “A Journal of
Civilization.”—Aw York Evening Post.
The best publication of its class in Ameri
ca, and so tar ahead of all other weekly jour
nals as not to permit of any comparison be
tween it and any of their number. Its col
umns contain the finest collections of reading
matter that are printek.***lta illustrations
are numerous and beautiful, being furnished
by the chief artists of the country.-- Boston
Traveler
Harpei' Weekly is the beat and most inte
resting illustrated newspaper. Nor does its
value depend on its illustrations allone. Its
reading matter is of a high order of literary
merit—varied, instructive, and unexception
able.—N. I’. Suu.
SUBSCRIPTIONS—WI Terms:
Harper’s Weekly, one yeor $4 00
Au Extra Copy of either the Magazine, Week
ly, or K -ir, will be supplied gratis for every
Club of i ive Subscribers at *4 each, ta one
remittance; or Sir Copies for j2O, without extra
copy.
Subscriptions to Harper's Mazazine, Weekly,
and Bazar, to one address for one year *10; or,
tteo of Harper's Periodicals, to one address for
one year, ?7.
Back Numbers can be supplied at any time.
The Annual Volumes of Harper's Weekly,
in neat cloth binding, will be sent by express,
free of expense, for J 7 each. A Complete
Set, comprising Fifteen Volumes, sent on re
ceipt of cash at the rate of £2.25 per vol.,
freight at expense of purchaser.
The postage on Harper's Weekly is 20 cents
a year, which must be paid at the subscriber's
post-office. Address
llarpkr <k Brothers, New York.
“.4 Repository of Fashion. Pleasure and In
struction.
Harper’s Bazar.
Notices of the Press.
It is really the only illustrated chronicler of
of fashion in the country. Its supplements
alone are worth the subscription price of the
paper. While fully maintaining its position
as a mirror of fashion, it also contains stories,
poems briiliant essays, besides general and
personal "ossip.—Boston Sat. Eve. Gazette.
There never was any paper published that
so delighted .the heart of woman. Never
mind if it does cost you a new bonnet; it
will save you ten times the price in the house
hold economy it teaches.— Providence Journal.
The young lady who buys a single copy of
Harper's Bazar is made a subscriber for life.
—Aeu> York Evening Post.
The Bavar is excellent. I.ike all the peri
odicals the Harper's publish, it is almost ide
ally well edited, and the class of readers for
whom it is intended—the mothers and daugh
ters of average families—cannot but profit bv
its good sense and good taste, which, we have
no doubt, are to-day making vert many
homes happier than they may have been be
fore the women commenced taking lessons in
personal and household and sooial manage
ment from this good-natured mentor. The
Nation, N. Y.
SUBSCRIPTIONS— IB72—Tt rms:
Harper’s Bazar, one year, *4 00
An Extra Copy of either the Magazine,Week
ly, or Bazar, be supplied gratis for every
Club of Five Subscribers at $4 each, in one
remittance; or Six Copies for *2O, without extra
copy.
Subscriptions to Harper’s Magazine, Weekly,
ond Bazar, to one address for out year, *10; or,
two of Harjter's Periodicals, to one address for
one year, *7.
Back Numbers can be supplied at any time.
The four volumes of Harper's Bazar, for the
years 1808, '69, '7O, ’7l, elegantly bound in
green morocco doth, will be sen) by express,
freight prepaid, for $7 each.
The postage on Harper's Bazar is 20 cents
n year, which must be paid at the subscriber's
post office. Address
HAbi'zu Brothers, New York.
AGENTS WANTED
EVERYWHERE
To fell the most popular work ever before introduced to
the American Public,
THE GBEIT COWraOI.
CHICAGO,
Its past, przsi.kt axd rcTunr.
THE ORIGIN. PROGRESS AND RESULTS OF THE
GREAT CHICAGO CONFLAGRATION.
With graphic *ceue», incident* and detail* of the
di-aster. Lidia f the principal Bankers, Manufactur
er* and .Merchi t* who are loser*. A complete pic
ture of Chfcagi bofnie and after the tire The Trade
and Commerce fChicago. Details of it* Municipal
Affairs, and the Great Fire* of the World.
The statistic* of the Fire Department, with a de
•criptien of the Wonderful Water Works Descrip
tion of 4m Sewerage, paving and building material*.
The extraordinary marvel of the River running up
etream. The number, location and mode of operating
the Grain Klevatorv. History and description of the
famous Steck Yards. The number of Railroad*, the
Lake Trade and Commerce.
From personal observations by
otcorwm i l
(Peregrine Pickle)
titerary Editor Chicago Tribune.
AND
AV. SHKA.HA.V.
Editor of Chicago Tribune.
A book of 350 pages, illustrated by the
best artists, and will be worthy of the confi
dence of ail.
Price in extra Cloth and Gilt, $2.50. Will
be sent by mail, on receipt of price.
This wora can only be obtained from the publishers
or from their regularly authorized agents, as it is sold
ext liisively by subscription, and cannot be obtained
from any boo-sellers in the United State*.
Address UNION PUBLISHING CO
23w4 165 Twenty-second st., Chicago.
Wanted—Agents
For our Beautiful and Striking Noveltv,
THE PICTORIAL
FAMILY REGISTER
Will sell at eight in almost any family. Combines an
entirely new and elegant Photograph Album with a
complete Kawily History. Bc|d by subscription ex
clusively. Four different styles and prices, but can
not be described in an advertisement. Send forcircu
lar*. Aldr*se, K. Il ANNIFORD 4 CO Publishers,
218 W. Madison street, Chicago, 111. 24w3
808-SLEDS
Of Any Desired Pattern,
At BUDD’S.
CABINET I WOOD-WORK SHOP
At JAMESTOWN, Wis.
I) 1?1) I I) IW* done on short notice
aA-ISI AllllllVj and in a neat manner
READY-MADE
COFFINS
of ail kiuda and on hand and trimmed to ordej
I also have a go<»d HEARSE whirl) w 11 be furnifth*
ed when deni red FRANKLIN LYSTKR-
JtuiNtowo, November 11, 1871. 24m6
SHORT-HAND WRITING.
150 words per minute achieved in one months,
study, by the New Lightning Method Pronounced
by all who see it to be the only simple and eOlclent
system in the world, Send two 3cent postage stamps
for descriptive circular, testimonial* and information,
PROF. GRAY.
P 0. ButfiMT. [MwO] New York.
All who want
A FINE COTTER
Can get one at BUDD’S.
Agents Wanted!
LANCASTER NURSERY
A few good men who understand fruit tree* can find
profitable employment for the winter by calling upon
or addressing ns at once. We desire Local Agent
in different towns, men of known character, who will
canvass in their vicinity and sell
RELIABLE. FRUIT TREES
tJST A! ,re inT)te<J »o inspect our stork
of APPLE TREES which cannot be excelled for qual
ity and well adapted variety. Nuraerv U mi.e enM
of the court home, Lancanter, Wla.
KM JOEL A. W. BARBER.
AUGUST MICHAELIS,
Teacher ot'
MUSIC AND GERMAN.
RESIDENCE, corner of Maple end Jefferson sts.
23-21 ts
PROSPECTUS FORMTI-bth YEAR.
J Representative, and Champion of dmeriean
Art.
THE JILDIJVE.
An Illustrated Monthly Journal claimed to be
the handsomest Paper tn the World.
“Give my love to the artist workmen ol
The Aldine, who are striving to make their
profession worthy of admiration for beauty,
as it has always been for usefulness.”— Henry
IFto rs Beecher.
ALDINE, while issued withall the reg
ularity, has none of the temporary or
timely interest characteristic of ordinary pe
riodicals. It is an elegant miscellany of pure,
light, nnd graceful literature, and a collection
of pictures, the rarest specimens of artistic
skill in black and white. Although each sue
cceding number affords a fresh pleasure to its
friends, the real value and beauty of The Al
dine will be most appreciated after it has been
bound up at the close of the year. While
other publications may claim superior cheap
ness as compared with rivals of a similar
class, The Aldine is a unique and original eon
teption—alone and unapproached—absolutely
without eonqietition in price or character.
The nosscssor of the volume just completed
cannot duplicate the quantity of fine paper
and engravings in any other shape or number
of volumesybr ten times its cost.
The labor of getting Aldine ready on
the press is so great that reprinting is out of
the question. With the exception ot a small
number specially reserved for binding, the
’edition for 1871 is already exhausted, and it is
now a scarce as well as valuable book.
NEW FEATURES FOR 1872.
ART DEPARTMENT.
The enthusiastic support so readily accord
eiFto their enterprise, wherever it has been
introduced, has convinced the publishers of
The Aldine of the soundness of their theory
that the American people would recognize and
heartily support any sincere effort to elevate
the tone and standard of illustrated publica
tions. That so many weakly wicked sheets
exist and thrive is not evidence that there is
no market for anything better—indeed the
success of The Aldine from the start is direct
proof of the contrary. With a population so
vast, and of such varied taste, a publisher
can choose his patrons, and his paper is rath
er indicative of his own than the taste of the
country. As a guarantee of the excellence of
this department, the publishers would beg to
announce during the coming year, specimens
from the following eminent American artists:
W. T. Richards, Win. Hart, Wm. Beard,
George Smiley, Aug. Will, Granville Perkins,
F. O. 0. Barley, Victor Nehlig, Wm. 11. Wil
cox, James 11. Beard, James Smiley, R. E.
I‘iguet, Frank Beard, Paul Dixon, J. Hows.
These pictures are being reproduced with
out regard to expense, by the very best en
gravers in the country, and will bear the se
verest critical comparison with the best for
eign work, it being the determination of the
publishers that The Aldine shall be a success
ful vindication of American taste in competi
tion with any existing publication in the world.
LITER AR Y DEPARTJI ENT.
Where so much attention is paid to illus
tration and get up of the work, too much de
pendence on appearances may very naturally
be feared. To anticipate such misgivings, it
is only necessary to state that the editorial
management of The Aldine has been intrusted
to Mr. Richard Henry Stoddard, who has re
ceived assurances of assistance from hosts of
the most popular writers and poets of the
country.
The Volume for 1N72.
will contain nearly 300 pages, and about 25C
fine engravings. Commencing with the num
ber for January, every third number will con
tain a beautiful tinted picture on plate paper,
inserted as a frontispiece.
The Christmas number for 1872, will be a
splendid volume in itself, containing fifty en
gravings, (four in tint) and, although retailed
at sl, will be sent without extra charge to all
yearly subscribers.
A Chromo to Every Siil>M*ribei’
was a very popular feature last year, and will
be repeated with the present volume. The
publishers have purchased and reproduced,at
great expense, the beautiful oil painting by
Seis, entitled Dame Nature's School." The
chromo is 11x13 inches, and is an exact fac
simile, in size and appearance, of the original
picture. No American chromo, which will at
all compare with it, has yet been offered at
retail for less than the price asked for The
Aldine and it together. It will be delivered
free, with the January number, to every sub
scriber who pays for one year in advance.
TERMS FOR 1872.
One copy one year, witji Oil Chromo, £.5
Five Copies, ....20
Any person sending 10 names and £4O will
receive an extra copy gratis, making 11 copies
for the money.
Any person wishing to work for ti premium,
can have our premium circular on application.
We give many beautiful and desirable articl >s
ottered by no other paper.
Any one wishing to act, permanently, as
our agent, will apply, with reference, enclosing
£1 for outfit.
James Sutton Co., Publishers,
23 Liberty St., New York.
Unquestionably the Best Sustained IPorZ- of
the kind in the World."
Harper's Magazine.
Notices of the Press.
There are few intelligent American families
in which Harper's Magazine would not be an
appreciated and highly welcome guest. There
is no monthly Magazine an intelligent reading
family can less afford to be without. Many
Magazines are accumulated. Harper’s is ed
ited. There is not a Magazine that is print
ed which shows mote intelligent pains expend
ed on its articles and mechanical execution.
There is net a cheaper Magazine published.—
There is not, confessedly, a more popular
Magazine in the world.—Aew E. Homestead.
A repository of biography and history, lit
erature, science, and art, unequaled by any
other American publication.***The volumes
are as valuable as a mere work of reference
as any cyclopedia we can place in our our li
braries. Harper's Magazine is a record of
travel everywhere since the hour of its es
tablishment. Livingtone and Gordon Cum
ming in Africa, Strain among the Andes and
Boss Brown in the East, Speke on the Nile
and Maegregor on the Jordan—indeed, all
recent travelers of note have seen their most
important discoveries reproduced on these
pages. Most of our younger and many of our
older writers find here their literary biography.
Our artists see the best evidences of their
genius and the most enduring specimens of
their work in the Magazine.— N K Standard.
It is one of the wonders of journalism—the
editorial management of Harper's.—The Na
tion, New York.
SUBSCRIPTIONS— IB72 77 rms
Harper’s Magazine, one year, £4 00
An Extra Copy of the Magazine, Weekly,
or Bazar, will be supplied gratis for every Club
of Five Subscribers at £4.00 each, in one re
mittance; or, Six Copies for £2O, without extra
topy.
Subscriptions to Harper’s Magazine, Week
ly, and Bazar, to one address for one year, £10;
or, two of Harper's Periodicals, to one address
for one. year, $7.
Back Nwubers can be supplied at any time.
A Complete set of Harper's Magazine, now
comprising 43 Volumes, in neat cloth bind
ing, will be sent by express, freight at expense
of purchaser, for £2.25 per volume. Single
volumes, by mail, postpaid, £3. Cloth cases,
for binding, 58 cents, by mail, postpaid.
The postage on Harper's Magazine is 24
cents a year, which must be paid at the sub
scriber's post office. Address
Harper 1 Brothers, New York.
AGENTS WANTED FOU
Trumphs of
Enterprise.
AMKW BOOK BY’ JINN PARTON.
A history ot the successful men of America,
their wonderful inventions, discoveries, and achieve
ments. showing how admirable action.., noble charac
ter, ingenuity, and public spirit, have contributed to
the advancement of the world Finely illustrated in
tensely interesting, and very instructive. A rare
chance for agents. Send for circulars, and note our
estra tenua. M. A. PARKER 4 CO.. Publialiers.
100 Madison at, Chicago, 111.
P. B.—Lady agents wanted to sell the greatest
work on ths subject ever published.
WOMAN AS A WIFE AND MOTHER.
By Pye H. Chavasse. M. D. A work which if
placed in every family, will save ’he lives of thous
ands of mothers and children yearly. If you want to
make money, and do good, send at once for our circu
lars and terms, mailed free. 13w4
GEORGE T. WALKER,
Gtotnl Amt for fruit. lan i hFivette Cdintks for
HOWE SEWING MACHINE,
Steinwav, Chickening, Orovestmn. Fuller 4 Co’s
PIANOS. PRINCE'S ORGANS AND MELODEONS
22-30 LANCASTER, WISCONSIN.
STOCK FARM FOR SALE.
The underoigned offers for s.ile hie farm, mile*
below the village of Cos-ville, in the town ot Cassville,
Grant county, Wis. The above farm constate of the
south half of section 27, town 3, ranged ta well wa
tered by several largo spring* and brooks; 200 acres
of it under fence, and 80 acres under cultivation a
young, thrifty orchard of 250 trees ou the prmises; also
a young Nuraey of about 75,000 young (one and two
year eld) trees started a comfortable brick dwelling
and pledty of good outbuildings on the place. The
building is beautifully situated to command a view of
the Mississippi river and th* Dubuque and Minnesota
Railroad for 15 miles up aud down the river. Til IS
18 THE PLACB WHKRE I RAISED THOSE LARGE
WATERMELONS The place is unsurpassed in Giant
county for a Stock Farm. 1 will sell th* above place
either with or without Stock aud Farm Implements.
Terms—One-third of the purchase money down, the
balance on time to suit purchaser.
JOHN H. C. SNECLODK.
Dated Cassville, January 27. 1871. 35tf
VATTTAPTP
MILL PROPERTY For Sale!
The undersigned offers for sale the property known
as the "WELSH WOOLEN MILL,” situated in Little
Grant, Wis. The building is nearly new, 25x60 feet,
two stories high, a d well adapted for a flouring mill.
The water power is one of the best in the country and
never fails. Will also sell with tbs mill 10 acres ot
good land.
Price for the whole, E'i’XX.oo.
R. A. WELSH.
Little Grant, Wta, June 8,1871. 2m6*
STOCK and DAIRY FARM
FOR HALF*
In the town of Bloomington, containing 200 acres, all
fenced, 10 acres of which is Grove timber, the balance
plow land, meadow aud pasture, with several good
springs of water. Comfortable frame dwelling there
on, also granary, stable aud other outbuildings. The
place is 15a mi'.es from the village of Bloomington,
13 from Bridgeport, 11 from Glen Havon and 13 from
Lancaster.
Price, sl7 per acre, half cash, balance on time to
suit purchaser. For further particulars apply to
Dan i Bradley on the farm, or James Ballentine,
Bloomington, Wis., Sept. 15,1871. 15m3
MILL PROPERTY for Sale.
I will sell my mill site in the town of Blue River
Grant county, on the Fennimore fork of the Blue,
on easy terms, to any one who wishes to build a mil'.
My grist mill, known as the Badger City Mills, burned
la-t Spring, and I do uot feel able to rebuild. The
property comprises an 80 acre tract in section 18; 30
acres improved thereon a frame dwelling, stabling
Ac. A dam and plenty of water wi 11 also sell with
the property a 4 ft. Turbine Wheel and other parts of
the machinery saved from the fire. The mill site is
one of the best in the country for custom or merchant
work. J. N. WALKER.
Blue River, September 20, 1871. 23-17tf
STOCK DAIRY FARM
FOR SALE.
The subscriber will sell his stock farm, situated six
miles north of the village of Lancaster and six miles
south-west of Fennimore Centre, consisting of 2 41
acres—sixty acres of which is timber, the balance
plow land, meadow and pasture, with a stream of
water running through the center. Thereon a large
frame house with good cellar; a largo frame barn with
underground stable; also a spring bouse. Good school
near by and excellent neighborhood. Price, $25 per
.acre. DANIEL PROUDFIT
Lancaster, April 19, 1870.
Farm for Sale.
1 offer for sa'e my farm of 150 acres, situated in the
town of Waterloo, 3 miles from Beetown ou the Cass
ville road 56 acres under cultivation plenty of tim
ber and bottom land watered by three' springs.
The farm is weli adapted for stock raising, and is sit
uated within 2 miles of two grist mills. Is also good
mineral bearing A bouse, log stable aud outhouses
thereon, Terms reasonable.
Mtw. MARGARET MCDONALD.
Waterloo, Nov. 6, 1871. 23m4
IRft 3Lj A Tsri:>
10V FOR SALE.
The following described lands are offered for sale
SW ofNEJ.',
—all in section 32,town 0, range 4 situated one mile
from the village of Mt. Hope, Grant county, Wis. A
small house thereon; 15 acres under cultivation;
several good springs aud a good water power for a
mill. Also, Id acres timber in the town of Millville.
For particulars, apply to THEODORE TAYLOR,
Mount Hope, Wis.
April 28th, 1871. 48tf
LANDS FOR SALE
IN PARCELS.
The Lauds of Joseph Horner—about 600 acres are
for sale. Apply to J. Allen Barber, his Attorney, Lan
caster, Wis. 30tf
JSjai.l-.13,
A tract of valuable TIMBER LAND in the town of
Paris. Apply to the undersigned in the village of
Hazel Green Mrs. B. REIFSTECK.
September _26‘ 1871. "23-17 ts
STRAY NOTICES.
STRAY’ MTKlill.—Taken np by the subscriber re
siding ou Section 34, town 4, rauge 4, Beetown
on or about November 21st, 1871, one red and white
yearling past steer, piece off right ear. The owner is
requested to prove property, pay charges and take
said stray away. B. BLACKBOURN’.
Beetown, November 25, 1871 26w4*
QTRAY HEIFER AND STEER.—Taken up by
k) the subscriber ou laud a owned by him in Mount
Hope, on or about Nov. 15th 1871, one light red 2
year old heifer with white ou end of tail horns turned
in also a red yearling steer, white ou end of u-I—no
marks.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges aud take said stray away.
DAVID TAYLOR.
Mt. Hope, Nov 18th 1871 25 <4*
STRAY HL Ll.—Taken up Ly the subscriber on
lauds owned by him on or about the loth day of
November 1871 in the town of Bloomington, Grant
County, Wisconsin section fourteen, town 5 N rauge
five west one bull one year old past, color mostly red.
white in the face, round hole in right ear, aud piece
out es the top of the left ear. The owner is request
ed to prove property, pay charges and take sai I stray
away DANIELTKANER
Bloomi-gton Wis. Nov. 10th 1871 25w4*
STRAY’ (<IW —Strayed from Fennimore Center
August 8,1871,0ne red cow, dark red face with
white in forehead, S"tne wb.te under the belly, white
spot ou each bind foot, slim built,ab< ut 9 years old,
aud has a gimlet bole in one horn. She was seen at
the head of Crooked Creek. The finder will be suit
ably rewarded. 25w4 A. GOVIER.
<jTRAY COLT and HEIFER.— Taken up by the
0 subscriber residing in the town of Cassville. on
lauds owned ami occupied by him in Section 16, Town
3, Range 5, in said town, on or about the sth day of
November, 1871, one Bay Mare Colt four year* old
Also one two year old Heiter, color red with a little
white on tin- head and under the bellv.
ANTON WOOFKNDORF, Jr.
Cassville, November 11, 1871. 25w4
STR kY CATTLE.—Taken up by the subscriber
ou lands owned by him in section 1, town 1. range
1, west, town of Hazel Green, on tue 30th day of
October. 1871, one White cow, about 4 years old with
a lump ou lell side of face, no maiks or biands; also
one brown cow about 4 years old. with white on
belly, rump aud it forehead—no marks or brands.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
aud take said strays away. ANDREW DOYLE.
Hazel Green, October 30, 1871. 24w4*
STR AY HEIFER.—Taken up by the subrcril er
ou laud* owned by him one mile east of Lan
casier, on or about September Ist, 1871, a small sized
red yearling heiter.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away. S. U. FARNSWORTH.
Lancaster, November 11,1871. 24w4*
STRAY HEIFER.—Taken upby the subscriber on
lands owned by him on section 11. town of Little
Grant, on or about October Ist, 1871, a white yearling
heifer <-*if; half of left ear is gone.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges and take said strayaway.
Nov. 1, 1871. 23w4* GEO. WILKINSON.
STRAY’ RAM.—Taken up by the subscriber on
lauds owned by him ou section 21, in the town of
Beetown, on the first day of November, 1871, a buck
ram. no marks.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges and take said stray away. H. HENKEL.
Beetown. November 2d. 2871. 23w4*
QTRAY" STEER —Taken up by tin- subscriber ou
0 lands owned by him in the town of Woodman, on
or about tne Ist I Qctolier, 1871, on* red aud white
yearling steer,with little white on bi* rump aud be
tween tore an 1 bind legs, short tail.
The owner ta req nested to prove property, pay charges
and take said stray away. WM. PARLAND.
Postotflce address, Millville, Wis.
Woodman, October 29. 23w4*
QTRAY* Al ARK.— Taken up by th* subscriber on
0 lauds owned by bimon section 2, in the town of
Cassville, on or about the 23d day of October, 1871,
one dark iron gray mare with a hole in her left ear,
about 4 years old. Aho a elark brown mule, supposed
to be one year old.
The owner ta requested to prove property, pay charges
and take said strays away. ARTHUR WOOD.
Cassville, October 30, 1871 23w4*
STRAY’ VOLT.—Taken up bv the subscriber on
lauds owned by him on section 17, town of Wa
terloo, ou or about October 20. 1871, on light bay
horse colt, two years old past, large size, black mane
and tail.
The owner is requested to prove property, pay
charges and take said stray awav,
23wl* ALMA DROULLARI).
QTRAY COLT.—Taken np by the subscriber on lands
0 owned by him on section 10, in town of Mount
Hope, October 31st, 1871, one bay mar» colt, 2 year*
old, sice spot in forehead.
The owner ta requested to prove property. |-ay charges
aud ’ake said stray away WM. COLLINB,
Mount Hope November 1,1871. 23w4
STRAY HEIFER —Taked np by the snbscriter on
lauds owned by him in section 10, in town of Bee
town, on or about October 29th, 1871, one dark red
yearling heifer, rather small size, part muley.
The owner ta requested to prove pr operty. pav chargee
and take aaid-tray away. WM. WARD.
Beetown. October 6tt>. 23w4
STRAY STEER.—Taken up by the subscriber re
siding in the town of Beetown ,fsection 1) on or
I about Ist ffeptnnber, 1871, a red yearling steer, bead
mostly covered with white spots,'large size consider-
II Ing his age.
The owner is requested to prove property .ipay charges
and take said sera; away. HENRI’ HOFMAN.
November 7, 1871. 23w4*
4 LL KINDS OF LEGAL BLANKS for sale at the
I A lIXXVLB office.
FEARFUL ACCIDENT!
On the Eastern Railroads, owing to the
Overloading of Trains with Goods for
PARKER 4 HILDEBRAND
AY IHCH ARK NOW DAILY ARRIVING.
The Largest Stock of Fall and Winter Goods
EVFR BROUGHT TO GRANT COUNTY!
STAPLE DRY GOODS,
Fancy Dress Goods, Silks, Poplins, Mohairs, Alpaccas
IM STUCK HF FLAIJCI AH HOLES MS.
AGRNTS KOK THK SALE Ob’ I.ANI'ASTKR GOODS.
MAMMOTH STOCK OF BOOTS AND SHOES.
Full line of Brad ey Metcalf Custom Work. HATS, CAPS and Crockery ware.—
Selling GROCERIES FEARFULLY LOW Good Gunpowder Tea $1 per pound. A
Dollar saved is a Dollar made .Don’t buy till you have called on
PARKER HILDEBRAND.
BoncußKL, September 11, 1871. 48tf
GUSTAV MKYEB. E’ WARD MEYKR
MEYER BROS.,
BOM'OIIEL
WINTER TRADE
A Beautiful Line
HOODS HD MOBI4S
FURS!
MINK,
CONEY,
&c.
LADIES KIDS!
All Colors
G-ZEJSTT’S
GLOVES!!
Kid,
Dogskin,
Buck.
Ladies’ and Gent’s
RUBBER GOODS!
Artics,
Warm Overs,
&c. &c.
SKA “W X* e
Ladies’ and Gents
UNDERWEAR
"SPECIALITY."
NOVEMBER
AND
DECEMBER.
BOSCOBEL. November 13, 1871. 40tf
Cheap Farms! Free Homes!
ON THE Llsl OF THE
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
A LAND GRANT OF
12,000,000 ACRES!
OF THE
Best Farming and Vineral Lands in America.
3,000,000 Acre- of Choirs Farutiug anti Griring
Lauda ou the line of the road, in the
State of Nebraska, in the Great Platte Valley,
NOW FOR PALE, for cas<h or long credit.
There land* are in a mild and healthy climate, and
for grain-growing and stock-raiding, unaurpaa*>< d by
any in the United Staten.
Prices range from $2 to $lO per Acre.
HOMESTEADS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
2,500*000 Acre* of Government Land between
Omaha aud North Platte, open for entry as HoMl*
STEADS ONLY.
SOLDIERS OF THE LA TE HL4 R
ure entitled to a
FREFI fl<>in<‘Hl«;i<l <>l’loo JVcrf-M.
within Railroad limits, equal to a
DIRECT BOUNTY OF 8400.
Bend for the new edition of descriptive pamphlet,
with new maps, mail’d free everywhere.
Address O. F. DAVIS,
Laud Comruieeionsr U. P. R. R. Co.,
16m3 Oxaha, Nzo.
W, B. BAXTER,
PUKE
DRUGS,/
Standard Chemicals, I
Paints, Oils, Glass, I
Tobaccos
eo A Pe, 1
PRESCRIPTIONS
Carefully Compounded.
Lancaeter. January 1, 1871. 22-30tf
is the time to
patronize Home Manufacturers, when they need the
mean* and patronage of the turronnding country.—
Therefore call at once on
D. H. Budd
and see bi* FINE DUPLAY’ OF BI GGIES and
CCTTERB! 28w4
ANTON SCHMITT
AT THU
OLD STm OF RYLMD Si HOLLOWKY
Lancaster, Wis.
HAVING purchased th* «utir* stock of Good* ot
Messrs Kyland A Holloway, I will continue th*
business of
General Merchandising
7 the old stand. Knowing the wants of old custo
mers 1 will be prej a;ed to supply them, and hope by
fair dealing and strict attention to the demands id
the trad* to merit their -ontinued patronage All
are aware of the
CHOICE QUALITY
of GOODS purchased, and especially in the Drv Good*
and Dree- Goods departments. Having bought at
Low Figures!
lam able to Sell at BAUGAINB LOYVER than
evrr before offered in this vicinity.
DRY GOOES’
DRESS GOODS,
HATS A CAPS,
BOOTS A SHOES.
NOTIONS, Ac
I will keep on hand all kinds of
FRESH GROCERIES!
ttß_ Cull and examine goods and price*. Fanners,
bring along your PRODUCK of all kinds to exthauge
lor goods. ANTON SCHMITT,
Successor to Ryland A Holloway.
February 28,1871. 22-39tf
Great Western
OYSTER DEPOT!
As the OYSTER SEASON ta about to commence
I would direct the attention of my old customers,
and as may n< w ones as I can get. to my lately fitted
up room where they ran enjoy a plate of Oysters in
peace. Also
OYSTERS by the Can or Dozen of Cann.
Evening Parties supplied by mo as cheap us from city.
Confectionery
An endless variety of FRENCH CREAMS, the beat
ever brought to this market.
Nuts, Raisins, Figs, Dates!
All kinds of CRACKERS, first class CHEKSF
and BAUBAGK.
CIG--A.R.S,
Smoking anti Chewing 'Tobacoo
Is*Lemons aud Apples always on hand.*U>
N. B—l will supply those “French Gentlemen
who have not got the cash for oysters, with "Blind
Robins" or usher them Into my well-stocked cellar
with potatoes. JOHN BIEG.
Lancaster, October 3d, 1871. Ibtt
PIANO TUNER.
MLR,. ROSS
of Mineral Point, begs to announce that he Is pre
pared to
Tune and Adjust Pianos
lor parties residing in lowa, Grant and Lafayette
counties, and all other places where his Services may
be required Will be in all the neighboring town,
once every month.
We are now dealing quite extensively in all kluds of
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS!
andean tnpply parties with everything lx< the way of
instruments, fixtures, etc. Also,'.nsirumeutM to rant
The Old “SINGER,”
which is at the head of the sewing machine family I*
as usual sold by ns. DAVIS A KORH.
Mineral Point, October 30,1871. 22tf
JOHN ROSCHA
One door North of the Carrier House,
Boscobel, Wisconsin
dealer in
PURE LIQUORS!
IMPORTED AND DOMESTIC
xzir x ives:
MILWAUKEE BEER,
O.ytat«»r«i, Hardiness, etc. [23-17tfj
VILLAGE PROPERTY
For Sale CHEAP!
I offer for -ale my place In the village of Lancaster,
consisting of 12 lots, with a dwelling house, baru and
orchard thereon. Will sell the whole together or in
parcel, to Milt purchasers. Enquire on the premise*
or at the Herald office. MARGARET TIEL.
Lancaster, Nov. b, 1871. 23tf
160 Acre Farm for Salel
The undersigned will sell the property known as
“part ot the Burnett Farm, situated within half a
mile ot the village of Mount Hope. Thereare M acres
under cultivation—new ground and well fenced. Half
the balance is heavy timber; the remainder good till
able land Convenient to a ,-ovd school. Good spring
on the premises. For terms apply to the undersigned
two miles east of the village ol Mount Hope.
October 2, 1871. 19tf M. McNAMEE.
PAY UP, PAY UP!
All persons knowing themselvrs indebted to me
either by note or book acconnt are requested to settle
th* same by the Ist of November. Harvest is over and
I will take, no excuse. M< n«y I mnst have in order to
carry on business. AH not-s and look accounts not
settled by the Ist of November will be placed in the
Lands of »n attorney for collection. I mtan what I
,a y- JOHN POLLOCK
Lancaster, October 9th, 1871. J9m;.
NOTlCE—Murray Agent.
H ALLEN, agent ofC A Murray, will visit Grant
rouuty about the first ot December (not later than
that tlmelfor the purpose of receiving dues to Mr Mur
ray Payment of all amounts then due will be re
quired promptly and in full, without any further ex
tension, and parties will govern themselves accord
*«'y- H- ALLIN.
n Agent of C A Murray.
Dated Geneseo, N. Y., Oct 9, 1871. tgltf
D. 11. BUDD
IP READY TO BELL OUT AND RETIRE AT ONCE
in favor of a better man for the business, if the people
will manifest their wishes thus; or “pick his fliat” and
fire away if the oneonragemsnt equals the wear and
tear ot conscience. 23w4
BANFILL HOUSE.
POTOBL GRANT CO. WISCONSIN.
HAVING recently leased tbs above house, I would
Inform the traveling pablic that the bone* ia
new and newly furnirhrd throughout, aud as "La!*''
will always be amend, no pains will be spare-1 te a<
commo-bite guests. Good stable attached.
LAFE CABKF.Y
Potosi.July 17th. 1871. 7tf
Cutters! Cutters!
and BUGGIES—
FI-JSTE ARIETT
AT BUDD’S.
R. F. BEACH
Milliner Dressmaker,
BEETOWN, WISCONSIN,
Hm on hand ehoii* of MllHnary Good* at
such aa would b« for puixbaaaxa
give her a liberal there of fhefr patronage
2Cw<
OAZERCOATS