THE BURLING-TON, VT., FREE PRESS. FRIDAY MORNING, OOTO BEE 27, 1871.
ItruMVCTOX AXD VICIXITV.
lrtcorolotgical UecorU.
Lat.43 27. Long73.I0: Elevation above tide
ltvT 1W( ivuie into Vbtupuiu I tret.
CcroBin TniBD Wbek isri.
TBKRMOIETCK. BiKOV, wiiiii.
a.u 2p.h 9pm CmeAn)7 a.m 2pjt. mio
kw sw sw io
4 41 I 29.1.7
4 "I 41 29.64
l A 3b 29 62
A- 41 2M2
!7 30 29.77
V, 44 29 2
1V NW BW 4
vv: NW NK 8
NW MV NW 10
NW NW NVV 3
NW S 8 2
Avf-ago temperature, of the week 41.61, of the
illstiix The good people of tVilliitoa are
iiv ng a haJome contribution ia tne wy of
b ng for the Chicago 6ufferers.
1 i'ts Pemi art. Tbe pupils in Tilden
Lin.iOVitt Lebanxn, N. II rtiseJ fifty
f the Chioigo sufferer?, ami the people
t ''tpe iocreusJ the sum by liberal eon
i- if-
t m m Market. At market, m Mon
jit s hundred tnxes of cheese and one han
i i ta' tutj tabi of batter. Farm dairy
,,,H i at from 10 to 11 cent factory at
'r 3 i 1' cents per pound. Batter,
f -T ccnte fill made. 28 to 30 cents
v t MnsraniT. Preparations are be--m,.'
1 ''bariM F. Hammond, Esq, to
fr i u. .it atHammoni Corner, Crown
,at N sanuoonteJ by a life
t Ht.ul a Mier, to the memory of men
i ftl fr m Crown Point, and lot t their
rrf,n rkf rvhellioa.
it lute rcWD to know that the Spy h
i a1'..' be new play which tbe bore
i-, (.-tnl Army are to bring out early next
f j Miingdnm. Excellent talent will
r u!;n putting it on the ttage, and it
r I f.'-vc the largest public patronage.
i T MfttriROfl IS Sot'TH HuNTixaTO".
Sleepers, or seventh day Alventisti are
i1'!- meetings in the Town II mm in
H ir. luptoT), the weather being too cool
t- They hire been somewhat socoescfal
i 1 -:p, a! they hare already made one
i n1 n't work Saturday, only buys
i hit day.
t 'it. iiester. On Monday evening
p .theelaoghter-bocse and barn and
u liiags of Garry Manger at Col-
t ,r, were entirely confnmed by fire,
'rntsof the slaughter-house, and a
v In.v in the barn. The fire took from
r -i .n ut building, where Mr. Msnger
n. J''- ned to try tallow. Mr. Manger's
i a: rjo.-jOO. There was no insurance
t- i Vvluablk Horses Mr. Keroux, of
2 lost a valuable horec, a few days
atoat twenty-two hoars sickness. He
i -i it-i while on a borte-power.
i N)b, of Richmond, ileo lost a three
r! lollar horse, a few days ago. He got
i the stable, and ate too many oats.
i Hii ill Underbill Flali is taking a "new
j furr Two new houses are already nearly
two more are under way, while
tr-m ot are making for the building of one
i hers early in the spring,
i Wlemy is in successful operation coder
f i ire of Mr. 0. W. Winch, and his popu
t t -tant, Miss Mary F. Barker. Both are
ihp highest anticipitions uf the pat
t!i" school.
t i K'Hi The following named perionr,
ri.t.y le'-identg of llinesborgh, were burned
ii tag?.
1'. .1 lw:c, of the firm of Baldwin k Scone,
tu -si. -a merchants, Kinxie St., in whose
m th uk-v ere dest' oyed several thousand bar-
p t1 xi'. They only succeeded in roding
r iwj safes into the street. They have e
i' an fibc on the West Mde.
I Ci hi., of the firm of Buchaoaa, Carpen
an Mi ibb, dealers in carriage acl harness
u dware and trimmings, State Street.
.1 W Hutler, ofthe firm of Butler Co dea
t re in paper and paper stocks. Lake Street.
J M. Sweet, uf the firm of J. M. Sweet Co.,
balers in b.jea and wool, Kimie Street.
Tut: W ivgo-ki Brji0. The IVinooski Bridge
i iy now he coDsidered as fully completed, and
-v t the public. The repairs, which have
t' eif entire, bare resulted in raising
i r of the bridge some six or eight feet in
r, and iome five feet at etch end, and
ark ice; the same. Spacious tide walks
constructed on etch side of the
z tn; rely separated from the cirruge
i provided with suitable railing. The
id jr, 'A tha bridge has been properly
r ir, up, and the whole structure suitably
t m 1. i presents a very tasty appearance.
It j iw well adapted to the wants of the cam-
i.-. and no longer suggests to the beholder
m tntranceto the dark valley. If the authori
w 1 only nil up tbe highway at each end of
ire to a suitable grade, tbe whole affair
v. 1, nil iat perfect, and will reflect great
t i up n the tuperfntendent ofthe job.
1 ::ntion of Tkachers Section 2 of
i i -t rr.atmgtj the duties of Town Supenn
i, ients" ;.sed by the la general aewmMy, is
a- t ircs
r.rli T wu Sjperinteadent shall ho'd two
I j1 examinations of teachers annually, in the
n;l: c April or May and October or Xovem-
tui public examination shall be held in
n i t -wes in the county on tbe same day, and
a cc tiacates granted by town superintendents
hall t fi'tA till tbe first day of April folio iving
tbf t lamination, and no longer.
In the month of April last, tbe county conven
tions uf tf wn Superintftileute were held io every
c- mnty in ihc State, pursuant to the provisions
of sec" m 1 tf tbe abDve named act, at which
c -nveuti"!!" the limes fur holding the fall exami
natiui were fixed as pi fen in the following list;
A i lison. Friday Nov. :M Bennington, Thors
Wy Ntv 2 Caldeonia, Nov. 18 Chittenden,
einesdiy Xt,v 1 Kssex. Saturday Nov. IS
franklin, Tuesday Nov. JI Grand Isle, Satur
iy Sv. 'Si Lamoille, Saturday Not. 18;
t ranee, Saturday before Thanksgiving Or-iu-,
Ti.eada? Nov. 14 Rutland, Sitnrday
ix 11 Washington, Weinesday Nor; 22
w indhani, Saturday Nov. 11 Windsor, Sator
r NVv, 1
titons proposing to teach in the common
t uof of this county, the .costing winter, if
iy Lave tot certificates, should not fail to pre
m themselves for examina'ion on Wednesday
i' u cl,
ki. i -i Affbay at HrsTiKGTOX A few
-ii lay igu, a senous and nearly fatal affray
j'n 1 at rallies Hotel, Huntington. E. VT.
m n t-rUui, a harnesE-maker, and Sidney Ren
t n; c-e 1Q the tar-room in the a:ternooo,whea
former irfgtn to joke young Renslow in a
ars and vulgar manner, and he replied.
1 -p went on tor some time. Chamberlun
i 1 he was getting tbe wont of it, took the
're-piker and struck Renaiow ever the bead,
kinp him down, catting a frightful gtsh in
he Tp, ani bending the iron nearly doable.
1 urtht r beligerence was prevented by the
The next day. on complaint of
Grati 1 Juror Johnson.Chsmberlain was brought
Iji-tice Ross, charged with assault with
'-ntuk.r. The respondent plead guilty to
cbar-s, was pot under 50 00 bonds for
l" f "rfirai.c at the next term of the County
'-a-.
v h.,11 Schools. Iwlegxtions of the
1 i- n in the public schools of Hinesbargh
nrtlie High School roam in tbe village on
"t'u-uv ctjber 21, ani under the direction
h lairmin of the school directors, held a
m spelling. Tbe first premium 7as
rl.to Mite Era Kenyou twelve years of
-f f school number ten and the second pre--
n: to Miss Farlong of school number 1.
The directors have nearly eo tap let el the ar
.craents for the winter term, which is to be
eeen week. Mr. R'der and Mtss Kate
echer are to continue in the Iltgh School
1 he retrly uniform price for the primary
I'-oU is t-0 50 rr wlt of five dsjs.
Augustus McEvren of Hicesburgh,has eoatrib
10 in aid of the Chicigo eaffeeers.
The oi a Mxns Ciibiitun ArnooiATioif.
Ibis organization is cow, we telieve, in the
t.xUi year of its exiftence, and it has became a
p rm&neiicy among the iustitutk&i of our town,
'l-tignei to benefit youag mea, ani to giTe them
t iUiet and wholesome place of evening retort.
The Association, as cur city readers are aware,
tftcupies. new and plewant quarters in Wheeler's
new block on the west side cf the square. Its
rooms are on tbe second fljor They have a
frmt (f some forty feet on Sl Paul's street, and
extend through the block from front to rear.
Pissing from the itrett up stairs to the entrance,
the horpitable welccne come in" on the door,
'r. tnteriEg he find himself m
sneitinl tpicious hill, wiih ,e for 200
pertons, occopiea bjr the seocit;icn in their
regmr weellj- meetings. From this. pirtitioneJ
bj folding doom, which when needed pored: it J?' ZJUt.emt,t.ct
,Bri .v. more than iU agent. The contributions to its
,ne nim h,1! t0 w thrown together, is the f trtI!ory were not worthy of the cause or of this
library. This is a nest and p'eatant room i Christian State He hoped to see a change for
fronting on St. l'aol Street. It is carpeted trith 'he belter The annnil meetings heretofore con
ng .and some nice engra,inE. deocrat. the "St
wa.is. A case of chestnut and blsck walnnt awaken a wider interest in its work.nor need that
contains abont four hundred volumes, of well in'.erestbccon5nedtotheannirersaries;itshould
selected works Around the room, on neat J1'! tho Jtar between them. We should do fone
r.v. ci .1 j- ,blaS nore than tolerate our ajent. We should
racks re files cf the leading religious wspa- ItaTn tbtt ia Un-efl(.tioil9 such &s
pers of each denomination, not excepting the this, give ns the best training cf our natures.
Roman Catholic The leading political papers Whit should we be if the Muter would not let
arc also cn file and on the long centre tab'.e u' work ,ni1 K1Te for J H t by
r. lnt great Bible House in New York, covering
may be found the American and Toreign three-fourths of an acre cf ground, filled with
Qaarterly ReTiews, and a number of the best j hundreds of busy woikers, without thanking
llonthlr Magazines. The library is own ripnr I God for this Society and its fiqits. The SDeaker
evening, and is free to all who chocse to avail
K.e,.
themselves cf its benefits. In the rear of the
library and separated from it by a hall, is the
p'easint loom cf the Young Ladies' Aitccittion,
neatly carpeted and furnished. The youn'
ladies have the uie of the young men's ball for
their Industrial School in the winter, and baTe
alto fall and free usof the libra-y.
We nn.lpritwr.,1 t .u.
e unuerstaml tnit the young men are now
engged in an effort to ralte funds for the en-
largement of the library an object which must
comment Itself to all friends of the Aesoeiation
among our citizens. The library wss established,
not at allin opposition to the library ofthe
loung Men's Lecture Association, but as an in-
r.;.r..H'. .1 -l. i-
d.ipcnsab.e ally m the religmus work of tbe
vu.kuju flrsgouuow. loese laiier uo not go
into the Iectuie business. The various aeeoeia-
tions are not conflicting. Each has its province,
an-1 all are deserving of encouragement. The
Christian Associations certainly are a doing a
gaod work, and we are confident their library
fowl will ire liberally in the beaefActions of
those of all denominations who have money to
give for the support of such wholesome and ele
vating taflaeaceg in the comma nit j.
Fire at Kast Moxtfelier. The barn be
longing to Charles Tabor, at last Montpelier,
was burned on Saturday morning, the 21st int.,
together with almost the entire contents, com-
prising all his hay and grain, his farming
tools, and four horses two belonging to Mr.
Tabor, and the trotting horse nappy John,'
and another belonging to Mr. Dinell cf Mor-
risville. There is considerable excitement in re
gard to the fire, wh ich is generally believed to
have been can fed by an incendiary. Toe facts
are these, as we learn them. Friday afternoon
there had been a trot on the fair grounds, near
Mr. Tabor's, for a puree of 5100, the entries
being the bay mare owned by Wm. Farwel. of
Barre, Ssratch Gravel,' owned by French
Washbnrn of Montpelier, and "Happy John,"
owned by Mr. Dwinell of Morrisville. The trot
was not concluded at dark Friday, each horse
having taken one heat, and was adjourned until
Saturday morning, Mr. Dwinell putting hie
horees in tbe barn of Mr. Tabor on Friday
night Those having charge of Happy Jhn"
went to the barn to tec that everything was
right, at about ten o'clock, Friday evening, and
toon after returning to the house west to bed,
bnt were awakened at about four o'clock Satur
day morning by Mrs, Tabor, telling them that
the barn was on fire. Before they could get to
the barn, it was so filled with fire
and smoke that any attempt to
save anything in it was useless, and they
turned their attention to the house near by, and
succeed ed in saving that, though it was sevral
times on fire. It is said that a wagon was heard
to come down near he house, not long before the
fire, and after a little time to go away again, and
that propositions had been made to the driver of
Happy John,' by tbe respective friends of
both the other horses, to tell out out the rase tu
them, but that all offers had been peraUtently
refused and madam rumor (who sometimes
telle whoppers,") says that the only way that
Happy John" could be beaten was to (ixw of
him in some way. He was disposed of by the
fire, (whether accidentally or intentionally may
never be known,) as that put an end to the race;
and it wontct be well if it was the end of alt
horse trots,' which are productive of no possi
ble good either to private individuals or to the
ce mm unity at large. Good smart working horees
are prastioally worth more to the people of Ver
mont thin all the trotters evr raised in tbe
State, and woe! 1 be very much Tess corrupting
to public morals.
Vermont Bible Society.
TBE PUBLIC ASKIVCTSAXr.
The public exerches in connection with the
annual meeting of the Vermont Bible Society
were held in the White Street Congregational
Church in Burlington, Wednesday evening, Oct
18th.
After reading of the Scriptures, and prsyer by
ev Sherborn, the report of tbe Treasurer, Hon.
J. A. Page, was read (in his absence) by the
Secretary, Rer. E. I. Carpenter. Tbe report
showed that the receipts from contributions had
been over $4000 and from books sold about
1,400. Something over 31000 was paid for
salary and expenses of agent over $3,000 re
mitted to the American Bible Society, and about
61000 remain in the treasury.
The Corresponding Secretary, Mr. Carpenter,
icad his report. lie has preached during the
past year in 102 churches; 4,034 families have
been visited, over COO found destitute of the
bible, and over 300 e applied. It had been found
impossible to find a suitable perron to labor
among oar population of foreign birth; but it
was hoped one would be found. The total con
tributions, but year, including sums remitted
directly to the American Bible Society, were 86,
G42.ll, averaging about $10 to a church, and
about 13 cents to each church member in the
State. The contributions of the whole country
to the American Bible Society arc about $500,.
000.
The report was accepted.
Tbe President of the Society, Hon. Frederick
Billings of Woodstock, neit addressed the So
ciety. MR. BILLIHOS ADDRESS.
Mr. Billings, after remarking that this was
the first occasion when he had occupied the
chair, said that when he considered the presi
dents, eight in number, who had preceded him
in the office, commencing with Hon, Charles
Marsh of WooJatock, and ending with Lx-Gov-ernor
Dillingham, he said that be had been in
vited into an illustrious line. Looking at the
character of the office, and of the Society, he
felt still more highly honored. Magnify all
other Christian work as we may. it is yet clear
that before pulpit, preacher, teacher, tract dis
tributer, miFsionary and all other agencies,
comes tbe work of providing and distributing
the Bible. No grander work ever summoned a
man, thar that of aiding to give to every mor
tal soul tbe word of God. Thus appreciating
the honor done him, in selecting him to pre
side over the the Society, he had accepted the
position and was ready to do what be could to in
crease its usefulness.
The Vermont Bible Society, in one year more
will have reached the ae of three score. The
fathers of tbe Society have all passed awsy.
Though never a denominational body, and origi
nally formed of men of all tbe leading denomina
tions in the State, it owed its origin to the action
of a State Convention of Congregational Minis
ters and Churches, at Westminister, in Septan
ber, 1812 That conventiop appO'nted a
committee to digest and report a plan for
a State Bible Society. A grand committee
was appointed, for tbe purpose no grander
could bave been selected. Among its members
were the chief executive of the State, and the
mobt notable Vermonters of that time, at bench
and bar, in the pulpit, in civil offiar, and in
private life. At its heal was His Kneellency
Jonas Gilufha, for nine years Governor of Ver
mont tben came Hun. Ezra Butler, subse
quently Governor and Representative in Con
gress and Elijah Paine, who bad bein Chief
justice of the Supreme Court and for two
terms United States Senator and Mote ltobin
son, the first Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, and the first United States Senator from
Vermont and President Sanlers. of the Uni
versity f Vermont, and President Davw, of
Mid Uebury College Honorable Daniel Adams
and William C Pae and Titus Hutchinson, and
AsaAldisanl William C Bradley w.th Gen
eral Forbes, and four or five Colonels the list
ending with Captain Elithi Dewey. Thee
were the choicest men In Vermont. They met
at Rutland in tbe next month. With them met
such men as Cornelius P. Van Nes and Peter
Starr, and from their deliberations came the
Conetitutioa of this Society. It held its first
meeting in Montpelier, when Hon. Charles
Marsh, of Woodstock, wns circled its Presi
dent, and for eleven years be was successively
re-eteetei.
It may be supposed that the cnterprite so
inaugurated was prompted by some message or
influence from the National Bible Society but
that was not tbe case. Tbe American Bible So
ciety was nyt then in existence, nor until four
years liter, when it was fimcded by representa
tives from the half a dozen exiiting State socie
tiesGovernor Galueha being the representative
of this Society. The Society was thus one of the pi
oneer Bible Societies. It was formed because these
fathers of tbe Society and forming minds in our
State were Bible men, reverenciug the Sacred
Book, and recognizing its priceless value to
mankind.
Mr. Billing went on to say thtt he bad
I alluded to the past history of tho society, for a
rurt" 4' V'
interest in uken in this society, than in
the djs gone Ij. This shonld net be. It wes
time thtt the lojietr should tie a new derar-
ture nhich jet woull be onlj a return to the
T .an elcla:Bt ,nba,.e to the American Bible
bociety, stntehing out its hands with tbe Gospel
to all lands, stopping irs work neither on era or
shore It had sent out twenty seeen millions of
j bibks. yet its work was just tegnn. Ybt the
?fk 18 '.blt "P he among the
every thing gravitates towards ixoral order, can
I hardly comprehend. To realize it we must go
Dto tl,e scelaioE whirlpools of our great cities.
or to the frontiers where States are forming
(un nr mi hm -r,i ,u
1 myriads thtt are coming to our broad land
from Lorof e and lrom the far Exst, which for
ns has became the West. No thoughtful man
can see the influences brought by these floods
from foreign lands, without praying Thy King
dom Come, and working to bring on the King
dom which is ruzhieouices and Peace. A woik
oieseu cuariiy is now uniting tne Hearts or
the people in suppling tho needs cf the stricken
i metropolis or tno West; but how much more
blessed it the work of carrying the bretl of life
io a starving world T
Mr. Billings is very forcible xnd eloquent
speaker. H- rpoke without notes, and bis re
marks were informal the formal discourse of
tbe evening having been expected from another
fpeahe-- but his vigorous thought, clear and
sharply cut expression, and earnect and often
eloquent oratory, held his audience interested
and intent throughout.
Rev. Dr. Chickering of Boston, follotvel in
some remarks on the Catholic nature of the work
of the Society, and the effect of the Bible on
j human liberty.
Ilev. Mr. Cooper of St. Albans, urged the need
of taking into our own souls the word of life we
scatter, in order to greater earnestness and ac
tivity in the work.
Rev. E. L Carpenter alluded to the influence cf
the Bible in Persia and Mexico.
After prayer by President Backham, the ex
ercises closed with the benediction by Rev. Mr.
Griffin.
The audience was not as large ai it would have
been on a leas stormy and Inclement evening,
but the meeting was an exceedingly interesting
and successful one.
MoJiTPtLiKE. The annual meetings of the 1- ire
Insnranee Companies in Montpelier, were held on
Wednesday, (he 18tfa, and the reports of both
companies show them to be in a prosperous con
dition. The officers elected for the ensuing year
are as follows
FARMERS MCTTAL FIRE ISSURAXCS COHPINT.
Director Addison County, Gustavm V
Cook, New Haven. Bennington county. Eh as
B Burton, Manchester Tarrant Sibley, Ben
nington Centre. Caledonia county, Barron
Moulton, St. Johnsbary. Chittenden county,
Torrey E. Wales. Burlington. Essex county,
William H. Hartshorn, Guildhall. Franklin
county, William L Sowles, Swanton. Grand
Isle county, David S. Sweet, A 1 burgh Springs.
Lamoille County, M. C. Heath, Johnson. Or
ange couoty, John C. Stearns, Bradford. Or
leans county, Joseph Bates, 21, Derby. Rut
land county, Bradley Fish, Ira. Washington
county, Joseph Poland, Samuel Wells, Carlos
Bancroft, Tberon O. Bailey, A. C. Brown, P. P.
Pitkin, Montpelier. Windham county, S N.
Bemis, Dummerston. Windsor county, Eben
exer Bridge, Pumfrct.
OjTcers William L. Sow1!--, i'.u.dent Car
los Bancroft, Vice President; Joseph PaiJ.
Secretary Samuel Weds, Treasurer.
VHUfOXT MITCAL FIHK 15SURA -ov.rw,.
Direelo Washington counv. l'ir. t-1 IV
win.DimothyP Rrdfield, Ert5;-is t r- y, .I
T. Thurston, Charles Dewt i trance c ii".,
B W. Bartholomew; Binmrgt n c u"y. t
Houghton; Limoille urtv. H H l n
Windham count?, C V Wyn.ni il
county, A Ions' V. n u tf
Dodge; Win'- -ii.. -1
Frat-klin coi. v- 1 1 -n
county. II. V i :t.i., t.nnl 1-l l .m
1 traujee Ph i t i a i iM
Weeks: Ruilaj i u" .J ,.rv U P r

i
son county, W. it- it-
Oiicer$ Dan L Iw n, Pn -.t i
thy P Ksdfivld, n 1. f v -1 wi
S-cretary, James I lrnir- i.e.:
Hon. Charles Dewey, z ilir- e'l o a 1
and genial Secretary e r .tr;. nt MkjJ,
tendered b.s rcsignatun a r -r-,
pany, to take effect fr i. t'- t.- t Ihc n.
and Mr. James 7. Sabiiv mi s--
of the campany, was eV 1 n m ry fu i
after December first Mr il iP'.y urn; i i
who has grown up in the woik nf the o j at
firstasCierk.thcnas As- in: S re! an ,an 1 1
is promoted to the postti n r.-e ntarj.wl t
is well qualified to do efti3it.Lt v rk ,n i r i
icg tbe future interests of the couif y Mr
Dewey's retirement from the Secretary s oiL
will be regretted by his many friends, and by
the members of the company; but while his
mantle falls upon the shoulders of a good mac,
the National Lifts Insarance Company cf this
place, will be the gainer by his more active con
nection with that Company, of which he is tbe
Vice-President, and to which he is to devote his
entire time after the first of December.
The first snow of the season made its appear
ance Wednesday evening.
Trotting at Essex Junction.
The October races of tbe Burlington Trotting
Association, commenced at Essex Junction, on
Tuesday. The weather was Tery fine, consider
ing the season of the year, and the track was in
better condition than in September, when the
County Fair was held. The attendance of spec
tators was not large, being estimated less than
four hundred. The purees offered were very
handsome, being considerably larger than there,
offered at the County Fair. The jadges were
chosen on the grounds, and consisted of J. J.
Barnard, Troy, N. Y.; D. Rider, Middlebury
and George Davis of Montpelier, with C. A. Holt
bird of Shelburne, timekeeper.
The first race was for a purse of 5rI2-j, 75 to
first horse, SO to second and $20 to third, best
three in five to harnecs, open to horses that never
beat 2 55.
The horees entered for this race drew positions
in tbe following order
W. C. Stowell ns. blk. g. Jerry.
Wm. Sargent nr. ch. g. Filbert
S. C. Cutting, ns. b. a. Buckingham
W. Sturtevant ns ch. m. Country Maid
Wm. B. Smith ns. b. Hamilton
A. Austin ns b. g Gen. Stannard.
A. M. Jones ns. g. g Iltrry.
J- W. Mills cs. b. s. Horaoe Allen.
D. Snndrland ns. br. g underland
Horacd Allen and Sunderlanl did not statt.
The borsw went away on the third scoring, but
had not gone fir before Hamilton took the pole
Hamilton led at the first qua iter pursued closel y
by the Maid, Jerry following. At the second
quarter Hamilton and the Maid were ride by
aide, Hamilton leading slightly thereafter, until
nearly borne, when the Maid paeiei him, coming
in first by a neck, Filbert next The Maid,
however, was declared guilty of usurpation, and
was placed last in the hfat, for foal driving.
Buckingham was distanced.
See md Heat On the second scoring tbe
horses were sent .ft. Hi milt on Icad to the third
quarter when Filbert packed biro, ginning the
heat by Rbout four rods. The Maid pasfel the
General on the first quarter but was obliged te
give it up com i tiff borne, and the General main
tained bis 111100 as third in the beat Tbs
Oeneral trotted haudsomely throughout. Jerry
and IHrry were both distanced.
Third Jleat The herses got the word go,"
on first coming to the sorttcb, Filtert bad the
pole and maintained his portion throughout tbe
beat, winning by about a rod. The best time of
tbe race was made in this beat, and it bectme
evident that Filbert was master of the situation,
although his honors were sharply contested by
Hamilton. Tbe Maid got around a little before
the General did, but this was of no avail, att she
was distanced for foul driving.
Fourth Heat. Tbe horses went out on tbe
first trial handsomely. Filbert took tbe lead
from the start, which position he held to the
cloe, though oftentimes all three of the horse
were side by side. Filbert won this heat by
only a length Hamilton second, Stannard
third and close up. Although the time ws not
so good as tbe previous heat, it ws by all odJs
the bett and most excuiDg trot of the day.
The judges announced the result Filbert
wins the heat and race, Hamilton second. Gen
eral Stannard third.
Filbert, -Iltmilron,
-Gen.
Stinnard, -Country
Maid, -IIiTy,
-Jerry,
-Buckingham,

1 1 1
3 3 3
4 dUt
dtst.
disr.
dist
TicM-2.53 1-2. 2.03, 2 50, 254.
Filbert is owned in M alone, N. V., Hamilton
in Hsrtfcrd, Conn., sod General Stannard at
WinooskL The General was raised by Colonel
L. G. B. Cannon, of this city, u cf a beautiful
dark bay color, is six years old, and stands six
teen hsn is and one inch high. The horse is
now owned by Austin Brown, and gives prem
ise of making as good a trotter as be is elegant
in appearance.
SECOND SACS.
This race was for a puree cf 250; open to
all horrcs that bad never trotted better than
2.35; $175 to first horse, $50 to secend ani
525 to third. The following were the entries
made:
G. G. Brown ns. g. g. Bristol Bill
James Lw ns. ch g Draco Chief.
A Anstin nr. b. s. liilly liowlegs.
Din Jenkins ns. Joe Brown.
David Sunderland ns. br. g. Vermont Boy.
S. C. Cutting ns. br. m. Gazelle.
D. Bigley ns. ch. m. Fanny.
A protest was male aziinst Joe Brown
tting allowed to start in the race. The horses
drew positions in the following order Draco
Chief, Billy Bowlegs, Bristol Bill, Fanny ani
Gazelle. Vermont Bay did not start On the
seventh scoring, which was alo a fiilare, tbe
committee permitted Joe Brown to enter
the race under protest, ani Bdly
Bowleg wis withdrawn. Oa the tenth
scoring the horses got a start, Gtzelle trailing
sxne disttr-oe behind. Bristol Bill! soon took
the pole, Fanny next On the second quarter
three horses were side by side, Bill taking the
lesd, which position he kept through the heat,
wtan;n bindeomely, Draco Chief second. Tbe
borne stretch was sharp between Joe Brown
and the Gszslle. Bill trotted square and bani
somely ths who'e distance and was the general
favorite.
Second He,i! On the fourth scoring they
got tbejWord "go," Brown, who wan fifth,
taking tbe second pesiticn. On the firm qusr
ter, Bron pasted Bill an! held the leal to the
close of the" heat, winning by a length, Fanny
sesond Fanny filtowed Brown from tbe first
quarter, closely pursued by Bill, and the home
stretch was trotted by the three horses nearly
side by side
Third Hcf:t.Tht hordes got a good send off
on the fifth scoring, except Gazelle, whj was
some distance behind Fanny tok the lead on
tbe first juartcr and kept it to the home stretch
when she was passed by Brown who won the heat
hy about three lengths There was considerable
interest manifested in this beat, bnt the trotting
was not admirable, all th? horses running more
or less. Fanny as a punishment for foul driv
ing, was placed last m the list.
Fourth Heat. The horsts started on the
tecond scoring, and maintained their re'ative
positions nearly to the third quarter, where all
of the horses were nearly together. Tbe home
stret;h wib a warm one Brown cime in half a
length ahead, Bristol B.ll and Dracj Chief le
by side. ThiS heat was ve.y exciting, being so
close, and the fru-nda of each huree claimed the
victory. The drivers also fuunl c insider1'!
fault with each other, and it be.ng alrea Jy half
past e o'clock, the jadges aojjurned the race
until the next day, reserving thtir deeiei"3 of
the beat, meantime
As far as ascertained, the following 1 tl
SUMMARY
Joe Brown, 4 1 1
Brihtol Bill, 1 2
Draco Chief, 2 1 j
Fanny, -625
Gazclh, 3 5 I
Time-2.42, 2.43, 2.44, 2 45 1-2.
sxcoxo par.
TLe jadges annoaaoed their decision n
i.unh heat of the second nee of the first
Jo. Brown was placed last in the list for 1
dmmg. h became necessary to trot the T
heat to decide the race, wWV was won by
Brown, by a neck, Fanny
ing is th?
1 The follow
svr i
Jo. Brown, 115
Bristol BUI, i 2 1
Draco Chief, 1.82
Fanny, 6-63
Gazelle, 3 4 4
Tim?-,1.42,2.4 1 45 1 2.41.
In t'i aft ernor i
i..,' r8200
i. i jd
i r.e n-bea'
rder n
i csmr off for purer
first torse, $50
i Open to all fcorr
horses drew posh k
.C. Ci c 1 Bismark
W. 3b -ok Hrace Allen.
v. n. Sa, xs cb g. Filbert.
Start' ,ns ch. m. County Mail.
.bockc which had bees entered d t
rL p and protest being entered again
V be wj declared ineligibV Ftlber
n m 1 ihrer tratght heats, e-siiy. Bismar
''1 ha ic tely and led to the third quarts.
'her when be went off bis feet and
-.lbr-i him. Bismark put in some, tall
loot r t 1 ie would settle down to work, but
th -1' -t heats were sMbe first lost by
b Horace Alien boke badly also.
1 fro:n the rase at th? cbsa it the
trxxasv
t, 1 1 1
yMiid, :i 2 2
vrk, 2 8
Allen, 4
2 53, 2.51.
rocara bacc
ui for a purse of $425. $300 t
to second and $50 to third, ope
horses drew pew ions in t
1
rst
W
El i i
W.
r u
D Jei
Chan 1 t
D. Suni
Vermm
m Lad )beridn
Locke.
I.
1 Flake.
nont Bo;
On tbe
J0d.ng the horses wctt; n Nel!
the Lady on tbe third quarter but brol
ground. Lady Sheridan won the u
!?agrb and Snow Flake was bt.
in &Jance cf Nellie. NelUe 1
once in this heat, and less of e r
It became apparent to erery one th; N
L i i
been undorrsted in the pools, wb 1 ii tn
selliPT twe ti on1 in favor of I r- tr ii.t,
Hnrw VUbz r.ext. ,it 1 Nt-'!:e wa left n i' c i
A'lcfttiL- h rt lu 1 i ru' !y, and it v fre
quently rtmi'iac! H' .h1 nun:'itr tf 1 rstf
ever kept eu wt!i icer
Setun-l Iial L.e Lors went out cn the
sixth scortrip, ani Laiy Saeridan maintained j
the first posititn thrmhout the heat. Nellie
did nt nitle a sk .a ta.s beat, and the other
horses broke more L I Nellie passed Snow
FUke two orihrtt !.tcs, ani as they came j
home the exiii'm.- ,t wa intense. Tbe Lady t
came in half a I 1 alit 1 1 of i"n-w Flake, an I
Neilie was bu a r.,ck 1 Ann I. Tbe ju Iges 1
placed Snow Finkf liik.and gate Nellie the
second position, ti 1 irai y grci jiiigf were of
the opinion tha Ne!,.1 s!i uli have btn
awarded the he-vt
Third Heat Ucr rco'ing live times the
horses got a start. Ne'he broke but once and
quickly cime ba'-k t her work The Lady went
off her feet on the f rt quarter an 1 did not acain
come up. When the burse cane in. Snow Flake
was two lengths abet i of Nellie, liut the judges
p'ai-ed Snow Flake Kick and awardt 1 the heat
to Nellie. This eecfii" i to give general satisfac
tion. It being in-'r 'ii'k, the rac' was ad
journed to HJ.tl-i a n. tins fiireao n.
n vjini.
Lady Sheridan, -Nellie
Lock,
Snow Flake,
Fanny,
Gen. Grant,
Joe Brown,
1 1
3 2
4 a
t drawn.
Time 2.1S, 2.11, 2 IJ.
The judges on the races of the afternoon weie
George Diws of Montjclier, Ca'eb Txknor of
Midijebury, and A. J. Merrill of Colchester.
Chittenden County Court.
Seftkjiber Teem, 1871
Hos. Johk Pikbpoist, Presiding Judge.
Hox. Nathax Lincoln, T
Hon. Nathasill Pabkkb, 5 AM L JuJm-
TBiDAy, Oct. 20, 1871.
In the care cf Gates vs. Bnr the jury return
el a V4rlict for the defendant Tbe jury in the
ce of Clary vs. MeGtynn, tbe trial of which
was concluded at noon yrsterdiy were un'ble to
agree upon a verdict After being sent back
once by the court they were finally discharged.
We understand that the jury stood eleven to one
in fvor of the defendant. This was tbe Ut of
the civil causes. At tbe opening of tbe court in
the afternoon the trial of the criminal causes
was commenced.
State vs Patrick McCabe was tbe first on the
Bet The respondent McCabe was indicted at
this term for .irsoo. Tbe crime for which be is
charged was committed on th- night of the 2Sth
of last July, the premises burned being situated
in South Burlington and occupied by Francis
Logan. As we gave a full account of the facts
in the case as they were brought out on the ex
amination of the respondent, immediately after
the occurrence we omit them now The case,
will te submitted this afternoon. States Attor
ney, V L Burnap assisted by R II. Start, Iq..
appear for tbe prosecution ani Messrs. II. Ba'- I
lard and K F Brownell for tbe respondent j
Saturday, Ont 21. lfcTI
The cae cf State vs. MBfabe waa given to
the jury at four o'clock yesterday afternoon.
Half an hour la'e-, they brought in a verdict of
guilty.
On request cf Henry Ballard, Eiq counsel
fir tbe respondent, tbe ce of State vs. Charles
El wards, was continued till next term.
I. A. Watscn, charged with the crime of at
tempt at rape, was allowed to change bis plea
of cot guilty to that of guilty, without the
form of trial.
Tbe docket was tben called ovci.and the
jury discharged for the term. Tc-dsy the new
docket will be called, and on Monday the term
will close with the hearings in the several di
vorce esses.
We shall furnish a more detailed statement 6f
the final disposition of the various cases at this
term of the court, early tbe coming week.
Mcsdat, Oct 23.
The following divorce cises were heard and
decided daring tbe day:
Helen M. Loomts vs. John II. Loociis.marriage
and residence proved. Bill granted for desertion.
Libellant has leave to resume her maiden name.
C. W. Witters for libellant Libellee defaulted.
Fannie L. Daw vs. Amherst W. Dow,marriage
and residence proved. Bill granted for intolera
ble severity. Household furniture now in Allen
House beloneine to parties, and custody of minor
children decreed to libellant Libellant has leive
to resume her maiden name II. Ballard for
littllant Libellee defaulted.
Ilattie Stimson vs. Ojmon O. Stimson,mirriage
end residence proved. Bill granted for adultery.
Libellant has leave to resume ber maiden name.
Messrs. Wilbur and Palmer for libellant Li
bellee defaulted.
Lucia A. Smith vs Jacob M. Smith, marritge
ani residence proved. Bill granted for desertion.
Custody of minor child granted to the petitioner.
E. II Hard for libellant Libellee defaulted.
Jane Ij. Andrews vs. Giles Andrews, marriage
and residence proved. Bill gran'ed for intolera
ble severity. Libellant granted SGOO. Alimony,
divided into four payments of S150 each, piy
ab!e ancnally, tbe firet payment to be made
Jn. 1st 1872. CustoJy of daughter decreed to
the petitioner. Messrs. Start Watson for
libellant L R. Hard, Wales .t Taft for libel
lee. Delphina Bissctte vs. Peter Btssette, marriage
and retidenee provrd. Bill granted for intol
erable severity. Custody of the two youngest
ohtldren to the petitioner. D. Roberts for
lioellant Messrs. S'srt Watson for libellee.
Tuesday, 0:t 21,1871.
Nearly the whole day was occupied with tbe
hearing in the cise of Charlotte Button vs. Fi ee
min C. Button, for divorce, on account of in
tolerable severity. On its concision, however,
tbe petition was dismissed. Messrs. C. W.
Witters and Daniel Roberts, for libellant
Messrs Tjler Whiltemore and Henry Bal
lard, for libellee.
Tbe ewe cf Ella L. Alger vs. M. V. B. Alger,
for divorce for same cause, was commenced, but
was not concluded at tbe sojournment of tbe
Court for the day. This closes the list of di
vorce cases. To-morrow morning will be taken
up with tbe calling of the dockets, and the sen
tencing of the prisoners. The session will be
gin at half-past eight in the morning.
Weds xs dat, Oct 23.
Soon sftcr the opening of tbe Court this morn
ing the following named prisoners were sen
tenced Francis Bordeau of Essex plea led
guilty to petty larceny of certain monies belong
ing to Francis GooJnch of Ester The crime
ws committed on the 20th ot September 1870.
bill was found against the respondent at tbr;
following September Term, but owing toafliw
m the indictment he was acquited of tbe charge.
Another bill was found by the Grand Jury at
the present term. He was sentenced to pay a
tine of 25 and pay the costs of prosecution and
stand Ciimmiited until sentence is complied with.
Pat nek McCabe ofSbelbnrn, convicted ofthe
crime of arson at the present term, wa sentenced
to I confined at hard labor in the State Prison
at Windsor, for ten years from this date, and
piy costs of prosecution and stand committed
t.ll sentence is complied with.
has? A. Watson a colored barber at the Van
Nets House pleaded guilty to an attempt at
rape. He was also sentenced to be confined at
harl iai. r a the itate Prison in Windsor, for a
r. I tii yers from th. Jito. pi c f
j i -in n ani ctmd commute! till eenttnee is
:i j i 1 with The dockers were then calU-1
-in 1 at twelve o'clw-n the C mrt was a I
t itii' 1 "Ik lif
I e Mncery Jacket, ruraprisisg twenty-'line
i -tp was then calltd, after nhich the t hance r
i 1 rt-1 an a Ij iurned "hancery term tn W he! t,
i .i'".nt ir in Mmiay.N 'S, ls71, at tea
i i a. in the m .rn.nir, when he w till re rci ly
.fen 1 to t'.e aM"' mtrktd for a further ho ir-
KIIMON T M IV.
i :sos 1A TY
iherea'ca Isrjie number cf teara n tvt
I-, untaiLS in Kipton, UaLCJck and L iulIu
Mr :!s.n if Htncx.k h-t, on thenifibtuf tr.c
.1st u a tul!-grosn calf which wu chae 1
1 1 .m i-e near h-s bi'Ue, by a bear, and aim s:
r. .-(iis-arae 1 Vigorous nua-u e- area) n
1 U 'rt" with a view to the ex'ertu rv n
t m rmihr-.
i 1 lent t 1 -Jglsfus Lew fi. wh 1
I rtv u y lt.aei at (JranT Ie, AM'
-jj'rt I m Grannlle. N
i,t Mtitu. cttr.NTT
ang la I ly ih uai;- of hlwarl L-t(Jar i,
1 -j f jrtn yi-ars ut agf, "ii1 i s 'n t
-ki r 1 lirm m Uos' n as trrr, 1 U-x, tt
1 1 n in the fir-n ati 1 cvue t B n.r 'i f
-trf i ar'Vi i 1 i -i
tit-iti 1 t'i.' p --ta'er ar N t III
1 r l) friir'irf r
1 1: irtrvj 1 f r rrj 't I "a' I 1 r
1 t. 1 j w 1 uf r. 14 11 1 t
vmI t)t -.ii I r V
H
1 e n it -i t 1 f k'u ru Wr;. n.t
i wi i t-e .iipr t. 1 l-y ti1 t ptn 'hi
r- r 1 i i ue tu I e t n, 1 1. e t ll r-
Ki i i, ait n t irliam
1 1 1 I, tirades f Bent me 11 s c tf- .v
tare, an 1 ha j: it- t ',c
1 c 1. uu t'c n jntT 1 n f (i 1 Ti 1
w 1 i a 1 1 ftr.. a' 1 -t V n t,
N 1 Is'. i"l itf-nt a., ii nil t- f' lae
r i' r 0 a 1 ir--s-9 1 th e ni t r.-v
1 t'i.ns if N II i nin n a 1 I V.
V. r t, i N.. IVm.il
Mirl)M 1 ''IT
I i !i' 11 tn ar iU 'ii t l."1 iz- :.t f r tb
f a 1 a, m pn 'if rf, tru 1 t 'tl 1 ri
1- "tr flUrlwik" r irbi, Mr 1 rt. r
t t n U-s: to 1 .v, i -ti ai 'e-1 to takf an
a.f x f h' prtv, a'. 1 signed his ntnip t
wi.af tie "upp w is an or ler f.T nmj If f rk
Vst.irttRH-s.nce Mr Vrtrr bl mtioe f 1:11
rri.' iht i,e chrKirins hank1 that his Dute fr
'1 wt iw at the t ank :n Septa mlr
HKV C I tTT
K.'y h 1 1 1 si hii'i In 1 v 'un.i uf t!u I -i
wtn-savel fror.j t1 rrr n Lake net
1- 1 ;,th. ati I thus 1 if the ch it valual le ai 1
1 1 uj li te s Thf trim iiti r 1 al I
r:,i ia MuHia' pri'ii,ji''y pai i the t.pLt'ut
lr 1 'li-ilars insurt' ce, n 1 the l'rjsti-e" h-
1 ""m Laid t' that tSe institution still lit
I'. irusttes have v 1 t, expen 1 tae inse
rt r iicy at nee m mik ajr g 'I a fir :i
y U the Vs- l firo
V tew noni fir fc C'n in-to's of th" t
1 ntral ha jiist i'et-n f.ttc 1 up in the pasenger
s'au n at .t Albani where the telegraph iftVe
f ri.it r.y ws". I utj.i and convenient, being
m 1 r lei with xtn-.e, running water, gas,
an I a row uf clusots where each c nduLtor
can keep h.ii traps uc 1- r a lock, of L.s own. I he
.V. j- sas that the l-ojs are about to
al.'rn the walls with tht-ir photograph, not ex-
ac'y for a rogues gallery, but for the purpose,
we presume, tf ni(t' ready indentification if any
of them sh ul I happen some day to get switched
off cn to some trunk Lne by an; of the many
signal lights that beam from lovely eyes.
lamoillk cous-.t.
Rev. Edward Mills of Rutltnd delivers an ad
dress before the Lamoille Couoty Good Templars
Union at Cambridge, October Slat
The young la lies of Waterville have formed
an anti-tooacco society, refusing to associate
with the young men that use it We (opine that
if they continue in this way that tbe list of old
maids will be inereased.
Relief fob EurriRxns i.v Wiscossis. We are
requested to publish the following
M s. JIale and Mrs. Hobart ars reoeiving contri
hutions 1 f money, bedding and clothing for the fuf
ffrera by the late fires in Wisconsin and Silohtan.
Tlie will call on the oitlzansof the plaea in the
cmrsaofaday or two, and It la hoped will receive
literal dotations.
rsex Jotctior-Vt, Oct 24th, 171.
Let the bald ard gray use Hill's Vegetable Sici
lian Hair Henjwer, if they desire as jood a heal of
hair as in jtuth.
Died.
In Kscix, October bth, at the residonee of his run
Erastus F. hi tomb, Mr. Thomas bltcomb. aged
w,Jears. The dec a d was t of th oldest in
habitants of Kteex. He was born in btraoxey, N.
II and i ot 'ar from seventy je.rs ago moved with
lus father to Pdhmond, Vt., from liiehm nt, N.
11 where be reined tor many jeari. Though not
an sspirant for public farr, he was alwa9anowa
aaaqaiet, honrab'e and exemplary c tiun. Ihir
te n children were tbe fruit vt his marriage, ttn of
whom survive hfm. Lite all tf oar older peopte,
he cteoantertd the hardships atd privations of a
Eew coi try, and knew well lar years the inoonve
nences of poverty. hcc"o'9 at lat croxced hU ia
brs lllSllonarcud among tbe largest and
mo t raocertdul Vermont fum-rs. enter p i-e and
thrtft tMi ing placed all his children ia independent
d fa y circumstances Ilia like aa sncistt p.V
tria-ch, the aged and ve&o;aQlo father has gnne to
hi. rest Coy.
Ir ii paid that If a pufl of ai- were to be bliwn
into a vela ef an urinal, death would instant
aneously follow. teuuecircuiatirn would bo
stopped. The blood inikej ths entire circuit cf tte
bauau boly etcry leven m'nutes, anrt whenever
this elrcuUtl n is impeded or ay o itjehanoolsare
clogged b. imparltlts which oabt tu be carried iff,
oisea-e fallows fever or a disorder of lisicr or td
Dcs,oi3rtr(ilator dysrenda To gt at and re
move the Murce of the ditSsnlty, nse tho od and
icfjliiMe blool rn riller, Da. Walkeoi'd Caliio
.Ml VIVE91R BiTTEas. On li fd:wl
pcrial 3Jottrts.
Majors
VECETABIES1CIL1MJ
HAIR
RENEWER.
PHVSICIAX5 AND CLERGYMEN
testify to IU merits in
REXTOIUNG HRAV HAIR TO ITS OR'UINAL
COL'JR AND PROMOTING ITd URUWTH.
It mikes the htlr soft and glony. The old In ap
pearance are mdo )oang again. Ituthebeit
f-Iair Dressing
evcrnsctd- It rexovrs DandrulT and al Scarry
Lrapttocs. It does not ttaln the tkln.
Oar TreaUw on the Hsir seat free by maiL
Cc ware of tha numerous pre pat allocs vb Ich are
soli npen oar reputation.
It. P. HALL CO., NisLna, N. II Proprietors.
For sale by all drozjtits. Oct I f4w
An Anchor Io Windward.
It Is good seamanship, when there Is reason to x
pect heavy weathar, to drop an anchor to wind
war.. We are In tho m'dtt of tho season cf chilli and
fever. Tho sure prerentlre of this distressing mal
ady la Hosteller' a Stomach Eittera. A coursa of that
wholesome vegetable tonlo will render an attack
impossible. Take the bint and drop an anchor to
Weak stomachs are most liable to be disordered
Tate It tbe autumn when the changes of temperature
are marked asd freguent Ilcstetter's Bitters far
titles ths sti'inach against tho effects of these rati)
Hons. Let dyspeptics make a note of tho fact and
drop an anckit to xeindteard.
Tbe llv4 is more sensitive when the weather Ii
continually alternatia? between the warmth cf sum
mer and tto cold of winter tiao at aay otter period
of the year. This Is peculiarly the season or unch
alterations. Let tbe bilious remember that liostet
tcr's Stcmacb Bitters Is essentially an antl-tilioui
medic. ne, ani drop at anchor to windward.
The wisest plan is to for 'stall evil. The next best
thing is to arrest it F r dis Tiers cf tbe stomach,
irregularities if tbe bote s, and all perio3fealfcvarr,
take, as scon as the complaint derelopcs itself,
IIcBtetfcer'g fctomach Brtt.rs.
T.ie IEmt Hair Irriiiir in tho world it
Lyon's Celebrated Katba'ron. It baa Wen tested
f T over 2U ear, and tscansant'y 1010; la fvo.
It not only bmatiArs tbe hair, but Causes it to
rcw luxuriantly, and prevent itfromlallmzoat
and turning ray. Ut li-wtw
The lacc 11 nd Cure ot Consumption.
The primary cams of Consumption s derange
ment of tho digestive rans. Tills oeranezient
prudue' deficient nutritiun and aatiiaiiUtiun. liy
assitbtutiuu I u.eiu. that pr.eeM by which the nutri
ment i tne f'MMl in eunverted tutu blued, ana thence
into the sol uie tit the budy. I'erflunswilh disteatioa
thus iaiiiMtred, huviD tue fliht-tt pred is position
t't pulmonao dicea e, r if thny take cold, w il be
very liable t hae (.ont-umotlon of the Lann-s in
some of its I'hcih. and 1 hold that It w-U be tm
p 'Sritsle to cure ao cjso nt Consu option wiinnut
first reaturu a to 1 dilation ana heat thy atteimi
IttiOD 'inevur Crdt thins 10 be done 's tJ cleanse
tbittomacli ai twweli lrom all duea!od mueuiiand
lime wbi-h el -in r t- ee oralis so that tny
canni't perform tho r function!, anu thn rouse uo
fttvl rloro ihtj luer Id a bt-altoy act.oa. For tht;
purpose, ih sunt-t and b-st iomed tSchenea's
Mandrake I'nl. Tt.f.vi jf! c oaose tbe stomach
and hjwuli ot alt t.io dea 1 joi Js.irftij iiioie tht U
cau-m ciiekae 1 do i in the whole system.
Tney will clear out tue :iv-r i-f ell diseased bile Ui it
baa Mccutaulateci tticrr, ani arouse it up to a new
and healthy a u o,S which catural and bealtby
bile In MTreted.
1 lie stomach, t owel anl li.r are thus cleansed
by the uo 1 1 tihenck's Manurake Pilli. bat there
remain' in tbe -t macb an txcess of acid, tbe organ
Is torui 1, and tho appetite is ptscr. In the bowels,
the lacteal' r weak, an-i requiring strenght atd
support. 1: n in aeoteii ion Iiae tumtb ttSeoenck's
bcawced 1 omc pn-vc t te the it. si vtiln itile reme
dy ner diecreToi ltalKliue, and its use will
neutraliza all Miw 01 a d, maititic the stomach
sweet and Ireeb it will .ve per-xianoEt, wne to tnis
iinportant orirau. and ereto a ucm d. hearty appe
tite, an-1 pretaro ti.o -tjjJor tbe first procftMcf
a irooi u-estin, an-i ulitinataiy tuake gool,
bealtn, nvi:i-C iftl AI r ttus preparatory
treatment, what rfu.an.it tj cure most cases of con
sumption tie 'rteait'i perdevfi infuse o! tichenok'n
fuiuiOLiO yrup. Ttie Palm tnc 5-yrup noariahoit
tbe srteiu, pur!is tbe .ud,aci 1 reaIii ah
sorbed intx the ircuiat t-n, iid ti encu lisjLributt-d
to the deceiif 1 iun.s 1 lu re it ript-m all m rtil
matters, whether in tuel ruiot at-eieu'ortutrclea,
and then ars.-' ."atute (u expei all Lc diseased
matter in tbe .orin t 1'ee expect "rat on, when once
it ripens, it i then, i tho rat heat. n and pu
rifinir pr prtit -i t iie-iCK's fuin-onic tijrup,
that all ukert ani ctfiues tru ca el up S'Citt,
ant niy pt -'Qt 14 curo-i
The es cntial thins: t I e din" -i 'i.rio fonsamp-ti-n
8 t st up a m-i 1 apttite a W a aood tiit
toa.so that the t'lv 1 r,.w in deab and get
stronjs. It a per -n ha.- .-j-: lun-s, a cm or
ab-M there, ti.e cat t rnDotLtai tue matter can
nut ripen, Ijrx a-. th sstt ji 1 eow p;iT. Wfiat
U nece-turj t cure ts a nw j U r ui thin,;, a good
a; m t a jl -1 nutri: t a, the i t t jrww 13 desh
a 1 Ut tben Natari ii hc:pe t, trjo civitiee wt.l
Li'i t matter w 11 ripen aa-t te thrown off In
'nr.- 1'itiiiei, an 1 the iers.n rea n health and
str 1 Thia 1 the trus at d oil 1, lento cure
r u,t m, R!i fa jwra i: very rd. ll tbe
c r- r, t eLt rrl dettroel, i'evtn if ''ne lung
f r-1 --3 1 ttiere it en"u;h ital.ry lef; la
l.. tt a t :iea. uu, there is hop. 1
ISi' na: p -rs ns curat w th cnly ono I
ha t i v y I f e to a .i.d ago
1 v. S.-tienca'd mtdi iocs win to enre
i-u'iijt 'llfv wi.l clean on: the t-.macb, I
-w. ji -tiituca it, t np a gLoil d'eattioa I
a- j. e -1&UC sh- ncedtu e."r the
-'m 1 isetue Uit w in the lung, wht
i tin i be j
!t 'hit.whi.o os r S:hcnck' medi-
-''1 l'B txiTcisft to tae 00H 1
m t I 1 1 an 'imp weather ar.-id oiht i
r ai 1 -r ti-Tc: t uul ,u treaLAl and
war
i t j a" icrrt A t.ict when I :ecom-
1. i e crt-iiii m rear.l t taktoj: cold 1
1 c ne I bh lur a sjec al re-
is tui pirtu t rtivtred from
t t '.'1 1 lar mure I'sOie t a re- j
1 heen entirei eund, ajrl it is j
re.ard t iCtiatuni.t!o:i r iong j
a er ea-.lv I f jlwl just w. U is
t -rut afu.I r turn. I t&eiieMtte. j
'.rem o caut a palmntr
1- the Jiiei re tj an atm
t! 1111 p.eaaant. t nrmed I
n- t 1 v r .re a mas ot 1 res, which tbe 1
t ,i!ire will inflame. Iberand
1 ith my medicines oom.sta in j
a, it. j 1.. '.u t an. An mtlawed lur.g 1
1 te puimt he cxpjeen u tiie
ii. 1 er r the eh.1.' in t t
r t -t. u i ho varefUii ahiel'tet
r.c 'I be utiu t c-utwii
a thii pirt 'ular, a with u a
1- "i-cjjutrtnces i.t an iUipi--i- J
i te kt;; n a who e,-me at I
i- 'e ij i tmtinutd mi
it-, t'-c uattarai tidantity
I
1 1- tl. in a intent o'th Wjr 1
ato liv.it t .et (at td
II r. wrh ne lun nactl j
i-tni-fio e ud wry many
-mv. treitmtnt wb m 1 hie j

A v Vr I expect to tko p set-
at the u rib eat c une of i
wh.-re I shiil t p.eavsed to I
t utj reqiiire it.
r mi alt my r msii r t
t i" 1 l 1 rt f thewor.d eaa trea'.ily t
l'( i- .A-i't; f tnj paine. 1
J i -Vk Sill, Phii-d- p'. a. t
br' i'- 1 x to Ajrruts, is ?on
U.ifirt.utk I'ntoti l.l .trrk :-l.trkr(,
r t TV, waaa sa.r.-o ti et. vt, O.t i. i-7j.
'att.o. S.iecp Lsoio,. cwne, I
-.16
l' s lleef A few cho.efl. f j
rt 4aalit. J-ft--. woi-nl
third iaality, f it'ftts.v
.'le oraiug Uxen, tf pair.,,
ita'voe from j .is? extra ft".
il -a
i r i- 'm jeir oM t .a.- Three
.dp L..e, none. Nortlicra Drts ed
1 i
1
m li wh le-tle. n ne.
Ir -'.a LamiK In 1 ,t,, sheared
t f 7 si i.$i and.?, each, xtr.
j r :roJx 1 to 7c f ft.
j.: -j La m a i3t i.
ir u- .1 it-Tauuw ntltkinDriw.lit-B Hides.
a tr Tall ft. pt .Cotuitr) ttUer-,7
a tjitiw, ;dn.c yib relts. I.tfi 7a. IW
fc r.- tr.
r.tt e -i.' I hea:fN rUieni cattle th.s week
td t i ecti t a oi tue J1 ii heaa swi'ched off at
.Ii i r. 'he tuppiif. wtfre lanaed at tli s market
.i v en urag.jg oenms. Tn. cry that nrst
i;r."'- Large ut plies from he Vs est, luodd
cir i fjr thid week This u eotu;U to check
tJi. -r r of an) 1 xicus icjer, ani to cay cattle
were uht with c-u 1 tragic nut notpa'tkr
ii- iiauih r.y l .i- iut Wrek Kieaer tit.
htlen sold two ..sen to amita at tf- th, dress wt. i
oxn at -io r lb. dre wt stee. 44 and 1 heifer at
s,r.d tw,t Cpt Armstrong sold S oxen at
Tic rib. drew wt., rir tfcj each, lionghtoo
iilc ix sold (eerat -i: f.. areii wt., dre.-s 7m
Ihi, -"fteerriat o f )t, aress wt ore-a t.V lbs each
tags at h. .ire?- wt, i,n tt.se.ch. D W
Chrwin.id t t.i n-l he.lera lor fr. 1. Uie lot
Areas 4-" iti ejcli u.w and heifers at c f lb, j
u,"r' nsvu. w v nawoeriin sola I
cow at ;c tt dreus wt. dreas 6'i lbs. 3cjws at 6e
it, dres wt, dress fti each heifer 1 a: 7c yih,
arees wt, dress lbs each
bheep avd Lam- s irealera inform ns that tbe
supply in the country u beginning to shorten. The
me old story. Bnt there never has been a season
when there was not a sufficiency for the demand
home 1 ami less than lau week olTered tooay, and
prises have improved strong to Stb. H. U idoongb
nad &y head of choice Kent&cky sheep, the test ever
in market, av I7J th. sold te Cognihall of Newport,
R.I. C Downr sold lu sheep at f, 42 head
Darni A bmith sold j sheep at ?e tb. at V ttn. U
VV Clark sold I la sheep at i 7. head. J U U. p
kins told Ui (beep at $1 30 t bead, av 70 its. tl
Balderson sold sheep an 1 Lambs at :o av 7i
lbs.
Poultry Uctweon three and four tons of lire pool
try. For very best io s It la paid. There was a
large proportion of chickens, with a sprtsklint; of
Turkoj s and fawl. Hardly 'ate enough fursjeese.
We qaote extra lots at 160 ttb Prime l.Sll,
jroon. i.'iolo. medtaji, HishTH.e, poor t medium,
lil fc lb.
BO.STO.N MA UK UTS.
ftaniESDAT, Cct 25.
FLOUR. Tbo Floor market has teen dull tte
past week, t.e trade purchasing onl in rmail lots
as wanted. Leading traorsare firm and not tffer.d
atan concetv-Ku Tne xnles bave betn at $6-06
for VVgtenisuoer6nn $737for common ex rat,
J7 23-v jO for Mi.watnkee and M.naesota ext as in
e udmg oiioico hater.' 1 rands White wheats bave
been In usodrrate r qnest at $7 2rgt 75 for oJio In
oiana aod Michigan, $7.ay ;o lor li.lnois-. and)
?U f.r St Louis including cbo'ce f.mily brands.
oathern Fiour 14 firm bnt quiet atd has teen sel
Imi at$T(tti()5 bb-for to uiui n extras aLdcboioe
fmllv lu Itye ti'iur he sa'es haie been in una 1
lot at $1 'iftb nd torn Ileal targe- f.m
$i Mti Itbbl ami has been rather dull. lQ Hack
wheat the s-ie h ive I eeti at $3 h7 tt I .1x1 tb
UHA1 Tue arrival cf Corn bave hteno DSitier
abioBLd h- market is Utter tuppl.ed than for
tone weeks past The sale f We tern ellow
hyn bentc"--fvc, and Wevtern tsixtd at
t-'jc t bus el as to quality. 0t ate quiet at d pri
ces hve csmi (IT to ;()tt3oetbufbel I. r daik mixed
ard wUte No t In Hje the. sales hate been nt 93
fbuhel. in small lots Barley la nc ml rally
y-w $1 1' 1108.01. with recrlprs mottlvon brewers
nccount. b't3 have been sold at tiTflJS, flee
Fvet, ll?1 and m dd logsat $Jl5TJ3l?ton.
PIlUVlSiOWM. The tuaraet lor P,rk remains
without Improvement. The trade are purchasing
in iota war ted. and we quote irlme at lit a $12,
mcesat J14 11 fin, andcleara $16 0 $19 bbl,
as toquillty. Beef I- dull ard lu moderate dema'd.
with ca es at Jlo'for mess, a. 13 for extra mess.
and14'at f IR forfmily. Lard ia la steady demand,
with sale of ileum and kettle rendered at t, It ia
V lb atd A Men's caddy at 1 I liicIb. In
hmoxed llamssa'es at 12 (a, l 'us Ih for city and
Western llosran-.e from 61, S o f tb
PtUUCCE There it no cliariie tontijeinthe
Batter mirkej. ctolce grades iffil continue to
coinuswi tu.l inert but other kinds are In mode
rate reqnrst The m!w hare traen ataifflUjf-T
cooled aod extra New York and Vermont dairies -and
from 3 e :cr common and cotil and Wett
ernfnmlW lb fur c mmcn and choice.
Cheese is quite firm and has ben in demand, with
a t-ndmcy to higher pr ees The sale- hare been at
Hi 3 13c for dairies atd 12 tis v lb for fact orj.
White beans haveen rellitg at $2 71 bush :or
Cod new mediums, and $3 bush for extra pci.
Canada Peas are quiet, ani prices are tommal.
Eggs have tn seinn at it dt Xl?tdizen. PuU
foe have teen tn raaod and have been sellirg
7a5 0 to lfbnsb for Erly Kofe, and 4 &t"tc if buh
for Jacks ns Uwet foiatoes ranze from ti 50 3
tf-bhl.anl OniutsfromSi &i23 bhU West rn
Applts are ple-.ty and sell from V)aS3 f b&l.as
U quality ti rapes ranse fiom 7 St Uo Y
WOOL The market fur dnmestic has been quiet
manufacturers puithAilng only in fit all Icti a
wan ltd, but prices remain ihe same, and with a
tcail stock in all the leading mar set, tne artlc'.e
Is held with considerable fir Jineis. The tales bave
teenW).(Xn tti domestic, and Inclod 19-,0(i0!ii
3Ilehigan, Ohio and Penosylvan'a at 6 affere;
uoibs Calif trcia, at SiSEOe; deialce and eombiog
at 66-17706; and palled at tall prices, choice capers
nd extras raaiDg lrom 71X5 Suj !b.
BjtTelegraph.
SiocL 3LirHcl.
titw Tokk, Oct 23.
MONEY Was active at 7 per cent. carrencytoT
per cent cold, and fjr toxnlos stocks l-3iffil-16 was
paid. Discount were urgent at 12613.
STERLING IlXtJHANUB Waa dull at 108.
tiOLD-Wai una at 111191111. Loam were flat
to an t. The clearings were JT'.OOO.iHi). and ex
port only $11 noil instead of as before reported.
UOVKR JIE.NTS-Were steady. "P0""
&TATK bONOi-Were lrrenlar.
STOCKS Were strong and higher-, racilleMan
and Cleveland and Pitubarg up 31 percent, and
tne average rise In others was one per ceat. The
following are the closing quotations:
U. B. Cs 81conp....H6 j Do. 13C7 reg. Julyir3
S-20coup. of 62...MIU Do 1369 reg. JjlywIi3
C. 8.6's5-20couC4..ll31 I HMO coup ItJl
s-teoupC5 old. ...114 Cnnency6'a ...Ill
New issue 112(
Ianposa
Do pref.
Cants n.
Cumberland
It J Clare. Jfc pltts... 1211
H iChic.X N.W Oil
G9 Do. pref- i-i
33 I CI ere.. Col. Cln....a
W. Cn:on Tel Co....&l
Uaieksilver-, 171
I'icihc Mail 491
lioston Water PH.... M
dinu' Kx press K2)
MolUy Farxo t Oo....frt
American Mer Exp.. S3
United Statu Kxi M
NYit II JtltR.
N.J. Central, eidlvltCi
Hock Island ..not
Mil. k St Paul
Do prof. 73
Toledo Si ftabaalu... 57J
Do. pref. M
Fort ttiyne Ex dlv 97
A. A T. 11 16
110. prel.
Do. Sirip 81 t Chicago i A...,
licairo 4 A. 112
cn?.... rJi
V pref
Uarleu. tt dlv 1211
Do prof Ex div....r2
Tleadinz.... 1U.J
Do. oref. 114
Oaio 4 Miasbkippi.. 371
GostAO HarP K.... 2
VyV.St Ind.Cent....l7l
vuio ij. yumcy...a
UU Joseph 67
Hicn. l enu t-x-oiv..n5
Union Pacia stock.. .1 (Central faeiSo 104 1-
Panama jt Union Pacific set
Mich. dOaithora.... 971 I Land Gra s 73
111. Cent 133 I Do. Do. Itvcoaes.75
Dy Telegraph.
Ke"W orii .Vlnrket.
New Yon. Oct 25.
COTrON-Weak and Irrelar, rales 1,471 bales
middling uplands at mir.
KIjOUi Slightly buyers faeor, iles 13.40'
barrel. State 0uz7 23; r and boop Ohio 6 8o
7 da; Wtern 6 U 7 60, booth ro 7 Uuwi9 25.
OUAlN-Wbeat tteadv for Serin?, aid firmer far
wlntr, tales l9t,oun nujtH9 No. 2 Spring at 1 Tde
I ;0, amber bute &i. white EUte I tVMSi 67;
win'er red Western 1 54l 3". white Miebigin
1 frwfi? I CO white Caoa1-i I ft in bond. Corn one
cent higher, rales I3it3 bnsbels ui'ied Weatern
at'GS" in sure, 77077) afloat. Oats firmer at
SlStfr', palwt,si,u-o bushel.
HKKK-Qoiet.
PIMVIaIOS rTk heavy, mess I3 viefl3 12.
Lird hovy at 9ST u. Batter quiet a: 12tt.W.
W 1 1 18K E Y Kasier a' vMe93f.
RICE Firm at bJJ.
8COAR steady Muscovado M, fa r to good
rettainr 9H
COFFEE-Firm. Uio l-i2i'
JIOtAtWKS- Pull
faPIRITS TtTRPtOi TINE Dull at t jSTi.
RftSlN-Unehas-l.
PETROLEUM Quiet, crude Hi refined IH
TALLOW Steady.
WOOL Dull and ucebanged pulled iot.
.M.lItRIKl).
Rt .o Kibht In this city, at the residence of
Dea M. Davu Oct l-tn. b fUr. Win. It Rung, of
Sbafutury, ass'ted by T.ev 41 A. Wilcox, Mr.
John (Jninc AiiHtn Rug it Port Henry, N. Y.,
t Mi Ma-y Louis t. Kirh f Burlington.
CHtMBMLtn-1-own.- In R.x: heater, Vt Cot
inb, by Kev. oei S Ounwey, Mr. James C. Cham
ber lain and Mies Nellie 8 i-orcl, U.Ux wf drannlt.
C'iLa.iER AaovLL. In Prcvuierce, R, I Oct
i--b, Pr feasor Peter Culler if iiie University of
VertroQt, and Caroline K dau hter c I t'le late An
dre A. Angell of scituate, K. I
Labslle Ltitc In Hines urgb, Oct. i, by
Rev. C h. Femn, Mr Ltw.a Laoel.e and Mias
Emily Lauc both i.rMilt.n.
IU EH.
Blaive. In Greeley. Colorado, on tbe nth in?t,cf
thu.d f-rer, Mr. Mary A V. A a tin, wife of
Harry T. Biake, formerly purr .n Lake Chax
platn steamers-, aged Jl years and months.
Wa tvomb. In Fasex. Oct ltb, Themis Whit
cotno, in tbe 'M'tb r ot his age.
PBTERaotc At Cambrilrep rt Maw. Oct i'th.
Mary K. Morey, w.fe of B. D Petem-n, agtd 4
years 9 months.
Chavdlkr In St Aitans, ith. Sat .na II ar
ris Curtis, w fe of Dr Jt-hn L. t'Land er, aged I'i
years,
BBicsii.-In Ksnx, Oct it.M'ssA M. Prls;
hsn, a red 1." years.
PABHiiftTR In Pochester, Vt. Cc.. 6th. Mrs,
Etuunnah Parmnter, aged y ears
Ba wii In Richm-nt Vt. Ji. Mrs. Persia
Frowning wife of Rev Th jceai P -owning, aged i
ears, m jnt is and 22 daj s
BaKSR.-ln Roiester, fet in-h, Mr. Williaai
BalvT, aged -J vears.
lnr dr?rtisrments.
UOATI. VIslT.
'IME AN NIT At DONATION VI-rT t tha Home
I In- Dt-atitute Chiloren will take pUcs at
their Instt tit' "i m Thursla p. m (c i6to.
untnhuti.m-.f m. ney, prvi-i.n, r clothing
thanll'ully rcelve Carriage lr tbe bent lit of
rh'xw hii m; c c stance it thtir own, wilt leave
t-e tL.-toii Iisiusj curuer a. J, and lu'c ock.
Oct .'-2awtf
s-M i:k ui,
TO-.T. Attout Aug -itl. a bail ani Ten Ttrrlor
j Dote i.ei ea s weight aout itw wbtte
ir on reatt, 1 rjr ears an tail The aboie
rewa'i will te paid if it turned to ttils ffi v.
i ct W.'W
Storlint Spool C'ottoni
nja .to an pries SIX CENTS ihespn ur the
fti ion t r .arger quct t e.-. at
r.RL'W.-
No Church fctrutt
ALIO!,T RFI. FAT COW. r..rnerl- iwredhr
ArsinH J hnu) ah ut n'n .ears t az.
mym wh te on h"- hark, an1ah'ie ta'l rr.sa
ba1 s ci ber horns A lih.ral rrwjrl will Fe paid
Hf.sToN. JOHBi RRT
l ouee Bt.
twtf
Lu- tnjrton. V: ct .1
Rem.mhe- that we .el' the 1 ert six cord Sterling
Spjol Cocti.n at t irdu. .pee:
EDHAKD BARLOt?.
T. AOMCV II ALL,.
A Boiriinj ani Day Sch.ol far (Vtrs,
At Fellow. F.ll. We.oxt
I 'l'llE 111 TEk IhKll awl ammenc, N..r. r.th,
1 acd et.tir.ne twentr ml. F r rirenlnra,
etr adiT'i SI13J JASK BAP.i l
IX' 13 de...4wlw PrinoipaL
Six crri 'frfrlm' Fpxil C f'ln -nported
A. T. t-Lw ,rt A Co sold at .lx cent, by
EDWARD BARLSW.
VriMMCR OAKKS lMt.
I rHjyae of time.
Nand after Thursdav, OctoSer th. I Ti. the
OAar AMCS. Caot. B. J. Uolt. wii leave
Futtebnrh f- r Port Kent nd Burl "Kton at H 1ft
a. h "and retarn'og leave Rurlingtu at 145
m U r Pi rt Kent ilatts ur::i
ti MKT. KILL. Wen'l. Sp..
Venn nt 1 ectrai K. Ti.
tt. Alr-an. t Oct. Uh, l"i.
Cc- i-.-diwtf
MPORTANT TO VXKMONTRKS
titer C"d.ii.- IIoTe oltt and Tucket
I'oanpanion,
W.VLTO N S
Vermont Hefjister,
I r-.w radidlv being pat tn t pe and z iag throarh
the pre i tor the year of oar Lurd
An pts in desiring any e trreat 00 of matter
cual contained therein, will, o c-urw report
11am e iiitly.
Ar ptrrs- n-iet ring o advert seln th.iTertIs ng
department wul ouufer a favor bj sending copy
immediately.
S o
wi'.l pa f r a card of haTsn inch, to be insetted la
?aj:e 1 pp-tsite the HrjifsaDtari -'.r oirtowa
he-e tniern 'if come l-.-ci m. forthwith aid as
nlv a lew romech town oan re inMrte.1, ihey wi'l
be taken in the order In wSich tbe are received ap
to the lat mi metit uf making up theft ran in which
they cnae,
TuK-t i no iTTR wr to AtivsR ui espe
clalij f'rn cot Urer ru.b.e4, and such
thin as t',iviiert want
OKI) k 11
for the B. iter may he vent, f r the promt, to the
Publifuorj
ACSKNT4 lTKX
tn upplj tf rilVrief, to whom ordern receivid before
tlic.r appomttceat, w-U Ne tram-fored r n-t as may
be agreed.
ALT. THE ABOVE CAN BE MADE TO APPLY TO
The .New Hampshire ..egiMcr.
which is tiro in raf.nl pr reM. and flarnitbed. as
inretofore. hv the lub.ichets oi WALTONb VER
MilNT, whesead rew m
TIib ('liirrmont Mnncl ularlng o.,
CLahBMONT, N. H.
Oct 27 wf w
OU. HIIM-IITS
S IC VP 0 1" T. I
CURES ALL DISEASES OF TIIB THROAT AND
LUNGS, BUC1I A3 COUGHS, COLDS. CROUP,
CANKER, BRONCHITIS, AbTHMA,
WHOOPING COUGH, BLISEDI.NG OF
TflE LUNG 3 AND CONSUMPTION.
Kccnntmeaded by the Iie-t riiytlciun
Read tho f 1 owing ttlm,nl tl
Rostov, Mats., Oct. lt-7i.
Da. Td?Lirr
Daar Sir, -I hal a serious tronble with my throat
and lung, wbioh trouolex me exeeiinIy, and I
hai almoit dsspiirsa of git ting re.fef, when I wu
tld ul .oar isyiup ef Tar, which I tried with th
oectcf results, as 1 am now quite welL Mv esnah
haslet, and al. serenes has disappeared as If bv
magic I write voa this that others miy try it and
be benefited, ax I ean reoommsad U ti all.
W. II. BOWMAN,
171 Cambridge street.
Circular containing Testimonlalj tent free oa
application.
For sale by Drjggl ts guaerally, or ieat to all
paitsofthe country, secnrelv packed, upon tbe
rwe pt ir tho price. One Dollar a Dottle, by the
pr"prletor.
Henry Jt Co Wholesale Azantt, Barllngton, Vt.
DR. C. C. TOPLIFF, Proprietor
Oct '27 w3m rUbervllle, N. H.
VALtAULIfi FA KM KOU VtlLK.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
'I1CH Hvman IIolaMrd Uomest-adofn ACRES,
X in Shelburn, Vt is now orle ed for salo, togeth
er with the livestock, consisting of Sicows. 3bcrsos,
4c.af nil assortment of larmlng Implements,
tn niture, beds, boddloj, dairy utemiis. g owing
crope, and provlaloM In toro. Thisexsellentdalry
farm Is bautifuli f itnatod on the welt bank ot tbe
La Piette river, at the head of bhelborn P-ay, at the
ictenection of the road from McltoU Ferry to
Bnriinxton, and from -h tairn Village to the liar
bor.orshtp ardof tbe Chnnlimransportation
Company. It 1 5i mile Trom Burlington, IJ milct
from bhelburn Village, post oSce, depot, elcgraph
office, hotel and CuKE&B FACTOltV, mtles
irviu wo iiui w "i Biuv,
Tbere is a landing at one corner of the tiro for
i'tlppingfrom laie lh-.mplain law wen ibbcou
throughout with cedar, woll wit-ited, wot. den an 1
tlmiered has a good a3Mrtment f fruit, being lo
CUedin the mlrtat ofthe finest fruit growing re, ion
Of the Champlaln Valley.
It bat a larae, first elass, 7 story Brick House, with
slato roor, and a laborer' cottage, ala brick Tbo
Lanxrnd outhouses are numerous, oonrenlent,ln
good repair, and suppLod with ranslng water.
The above property WILu BK bOLD LOW. and
poMelon given Immediately. Apian of the farm,
act schedule tf tbe property, can te teen, and fur
ther itaxticulsr obtained, at the offlet of
JtJUN L. BARaTOW, Administrator,
MaytSdatwtX Bank Block, Burlington, Vt,
U?ic dcrlis?mmts.
Catarrh can be Cured.
LETTER FROM
Slenry ISallard, Esq
latH or Tnc
CIIITTE.VDEN COOSTV ISAU.
Eoaiiiaro.-.. Vt,0:t 18tb, 1371.
Das. L:oaTHiu. t BUTTS:
VtAK Eias,-It fs cno year !ms you ksaa to
treat me for Chrenu; Citirra. wMeta at that time ba l
troubled mo for about ftwr years; year treatment
remoTtd tbo disease so tbat tor tbe pas t eight months
I hare had no return of ft, and I now Inl ai time a4
ranees thtt the cure is permanent. I eannot teo
hlzhlyrteommeni your cartful asd iklllful treat
ment. It his the doable merit of beln- entirely
sUfsfa:tery while tho treatment eoitinues. and la
permanent and lasting to its results afterwards.
Very respectfnlly yours,
nthRT BALUvnn.
Kis;lit flev.
CATHOLIC UISIIOI- OP VEIIMO.VT.
Attr.t. In the n,llu,li.s 'tAtrni.i.t to It.
skin r
2rs. i.iSilhill fc Mu:Sh,
CCBLLiaiof, Vr., Jan. 23d, Kl
To TB Pe.Lic
1 has no hesitation tn roeomsaendinx br. Saay th,
after aeaans hint perform a very skillful o;entljn
on th.ur of lie r. P. J. O'&irroll. whi waa thereSy
Iiuiaataaeoasly eared of deafness of Ions; standing.
LOUIS OcCOEsBBIAN'D.
IJllOltTAT I.KTI'Klt
raoM
Oscar .llirootl, .t. .11.,
Sl'l'ERI.VTBXUEXr OP M'HOOI.S,
I'LlTTIIl'llOH, V.
DBS. L 6BTBILL t SlfTTH.
rsaa Sirs. The severe Catarrhal affection with
wh'ch I have been troubled for six years, has alaos.
entirely disappeared. I feel eontientff a speedy
and permanent care. I mst cheerfully bear testi
mony to the great skill which yoj havs shown in
tbe treatment cf my diflJcuitemsj, and tak? pleasure
In recxn mend lng you to thja who are s milarly
alfllcted.
Very respeetfally yours,
OCCAX ATWUOD.
fia.Msm, if. Y fjsjpt 26, 18rt.
DR. S M V "V I-I,
Of th. Srm of On. tlcktUtt tayth. No. 1
Bans (treat, Boaeoa. any b. oonsmlted
dally, eseept
Tiu-ilay :;ii(i Vcai:cs:lay
or FACE STICK.
V an iSTess House,
OR AU MSEASIB OF TflE ITS AMD EAR,
CATARBH. TBSU VT AND LTjlSf DBsUSBM.
AMD All CBROH1C DB8A8B
OF WHATKVER NATCRK.
CO.1i3J.'I.TAT10."5 I'SKB.
9a. isl, so4 pa ani tro-c 6 p
to:),,, a.
frj (Ssstis.
spool corrox.
Th. "Marline Cotton, wk'ch s rwrto so ex
ttmtn'rmtwmttmi ban. is said at s x ee.ti at
EDWARD BARLOV.'ii.
rnil"IHailliiB
atsixem'a at
PAHLUA'd
tiik
T PI k E j
ro
The poorest of all por eoon&my to use pocr
thread.
Owing to the general introduction of the Sewing
3sach ne, the c nramptin of thread, in this coun
try, has more than doablei in the lart ten years.
With the increased tus or thread, there has arisen
a demand, greater than ever, for a fultleea article
The requirements of to-day. both for sewing ma
chine work and for that which is d jne by hand, are
for a thread which strong, smoo'h, evenly finish
ed, free from knots and other irregularities, as well
as from z oj, waxing, azd .-imilar additions to
the 11-re.
Excellent work, either by hand or
be done only with fanltless thread.
In order to meet these requirements, the hocse of
A.T. STEWART A CO., hat iatroocced into this
country, th? "Sterling' To: tad, which nations
been rdoognlatJ as
The Established Sia:n!ai'
Thread or Hut'opc
And folly meets the r. qu msnts of thoe who twek
a perfect article, either for hanl needle-work or
for the machine.
The "Stcrlitisr" Thread
It a tlx-cord thread, made In the most perAwt man
ner, by the great manafiaetnrers. Jt hn Clark Co
of Pait'ey, Scotland.
Nothing bat the most care ully Allotted Sea Is
land Cotton eaters Into its m.nafactnre.
By the moat perfect mchicery. tna&aged by
skilled operatives of ample experierca, It U span In
sach a manner as to be free fr.-in knots and irregn
larities.
I tit free from all the art.flial 5m-h, commonly
n-ed on other threads, to fill op deficiencies, and
cover irregularities.
It hat proved Itsalf fialtles for the sewimr ma
chine, performing with perfection both the epper
and under work.
The Sterling Thread has teen most thorough
ly put to the tet. In the work roots of A. T.
Stewart A Cow for more than two ear. Compar
ing it ith all other thread hi the tsariet It is. jw
uMd there t) the ex elusion f every other.
The eliiE&te 0 Sootlaod it tke only olimaU per
fectly adapted f ,r the marvmfavctareof thrrad, )et as
the S a Islands cf our Fouthcrn ooast poenesj the
only perfect climate for growing the beat material
of which ex?eIIeBt thread Is made-
Changes in th man electa re of thread have, from
tine te Use, been made hy ether mannfaetarert,
but none hare so perfectly meeceded to naeetiwg the
wants rf those who understand what exeslleot
thread tsv at the manaftwtartrt ef tke "SterJlotf"
Thread.
The sauadetiectnomv on jour part will suggest
to jou tho use cf this Thread, which voa can pur
chase tn large orsxall quantities ef
L.VMAX X ALLO,
Wbeleale A rents.
Alee, (mil assortment oCred at rttall.
0cL5l-dlwU
Boy your Spool Cotten at Far low', at six cents a
spool.
Wishing to Introduce tbe
stkulim; spool cotto.v
tiourcuAtomerj ard the puWK we iball tar the
tresect ss'l It at the low pifceeftixctntjatool,
by tbe single fpool, by tbe toan er In largvr
quant'tien We oontider that this thrad i funv
tqoai to any 01 her spool cct too 1 r brth hatd and
mainioe Kwiof, and we stall only sell It stilus
priCM oats) fj' a time, ti lotrod-j3a IC
tDWAP.D BARLOW,
ro. 106 Cbcreh btnet.
ESTXXU51ICD Iw- SCOWOBATtD ifl
ROY Qh USINESS -MOLLECE.
I
J w6m
STERUXO COTTO.V.
To lntrodoe. any naw artlela to popular ns, it is
atcavary to al.ert j, It In n ar. W. with to
Intnxliic. oor t.w ttsrllDC Cotloa.' aM shall
theralora sell It Kr th. lmmiilat. prtsaat, at all
EDWARD EARlOlT.
Mo. Itfi CliortU UDMt.
Oct IS-JAwtf
dvpaftiswat 1 a W Jf
Lmwyt ucaM AgS
law las...iB9r
a a
turn. EffMHEU
Srgul JTolitis.
CIlAItLKS 31. IIUNTI"JTOX'9
.STATE.
STATE OF VERMOT, 1 To all persons eon
D.st..CTo,ct.5d.s,.? ton, lata tf Richmond, in said DuUict deceased,
SRECTIXQ.
At a Probate Court ho'.den at Burlington, within
and for ths District of Chittenden, cn tha 2lst day
of October, A. D. 1971, an Instrument, purport
ing to b the la t Will and Testament, of Charles M.
iiuotiugton, Jateor Klcbmond, in said district, da
ceased, was presented to tbe Court af resaid. for
Prubate, and it is ordered hy said court that tha 13111
day of NoTembrr. A. I. 1-C1, at the Probate Court
Rooms In aat Borllngton, ba assigned for proving"
sabt lostrnment, and that notice thereof be given to
all perams conoerned, by puV ishing this order three
weexs uxtssif e'y in the Barling ton free Prew, a
newspaper print d at said Burlington, previous to
the time appointed.
TaERcroitc. j ou are hereby notified to appear be
fore said Court at the Uxe a d place aforesaid, and
content the prolate ofaid wtli.if youbwe caae.
ltlrn under my band. t Barlington la saJJ dis
trict, this list day of utoir A J. 1-71
173w T. E WALE4 Jade.
CtUOLINK J1.K EMMTB.
rE, tb Subscriber. haTin been appointed by
I tbe Honorable tbe Probate Court for tha DU
trict of Chittenden, Commissmners to recnive, exam
ine and adjuit the elainu and deniands of all persons
against the etat of Carulinn fcradley. iste of
...i,ion. in said District deeeaMd. and also all
claims and demands exhibited in ott thereto, and
six inoath from tbo day of th date hereof being al
lowed by said Court for that purpose, we do there
fore hereby glre notioe that we will attend to tbe
busiaees of our appointment at tbe dwelling hone
ot ftiiiUm i 1 r, in Voiilis oa. in said dis
tnetontbe first Tuisdays of Jamary nl March
next, st Oo'eioek A. M on each of said cajs.
Patn tbts ln aY ot iann a. u. it. i.
17w3w
I.OKK.V 4'IIAMIIKKL1I.,H KTtTfi
STATE OF VERMONT, 1 iba Honorable tha
Mn.aNar,.B. g&ei'.rlEn!
den,
To a.l persons interested in the estate tf Lor-n
l haaber tn, tate of Kichaioad, tn said DU
tr ct eeied, Qrxetivo
YrilERKA.S, Mid fVurt hath assigned the '.H2d
if day of Nut m- nxt. flr tbo settlement of
tbe dministrutfm account uf tbu aiminsst:at r of
he estate or m. I ite-eafel, and ordered
that public notice therein iriven t all
persons intreetel m sai l e-itc, ly puhltshinir
tbw T'f-r three week e-". Hy, premotL
to tlin day aseignpi, m ttm lLurlinxtn hrea
PrrH, printed tn Bur'inirtn, in said District.
TxtHiMKE, yon ar hrpt. n tiSeil to appear at
tbe lr' t.utf Court ro"iii.-, n Burtintoi, on the day
aAHign. .1, then and tinre:.. ..i (rt-t ?th.- allowanca
of nan! acroiint, if "U m. raux-.
(iven under tn 'nan.l th i.th da of October
A.D. T. E. WALU. Judge.
I V M A X C L" I I US' ESTAT K.
TK T1IE8C8SCRIBER3 having been appoint
1 ed f the Honorahle the Pnrate Court for
the Du-trict if Chittenden, rn toners to receive,
examine and adiust the claims and dejiinds ot all
persons agamt the etate f Lman L'ummings. late
of But liogtoa, in said District. decewei, and aiao al 1
claims an-i demands exbiNitcxl n uft-l 'hereto and
six munth-t fn m tbe day of the dmle hereoi, being
allowed hy eaid Court for that purpose, we 1 there
fore hereh, give notice, that we will attend to th
boriae-u of our appointment at th -tne f Bnns
maii Hildretn,iB Burlinsto-i, in ai 1 Ditnct on
tbe lt MoD'l t9 oi February and April next, at I j
o'clock A. M on eaen uf said dy
Dated thu ith day t Oc-oher A. D. i'l.
CiIballfiR HIL.DRfe.TlJ,
I6w iw
Commissioners.
I.Al'KA l tMI V. HII1T-I.OIK-S
trATf.
STATE OF VERMONT. CJ JjJJ
of Cbittenltn
To all per -ts iotereste-1 ic tl e t. te of Laura L.
Whitl-x:k and Ai.l:am VV. Ur.itj.i. children ff
George W. fth.tioek, uf- tf tu'l nst r. In said
Dis riet deeea? :d.
TfBEREAS app'icat.oi in wrttmir hath been
TT made tn hie tourt ty the LUirdian vt sad
ward for lu-en-e to sell tba real f ate t f and wards
setting frtb therein tha hii wu-d- own a certam
lot on the west n le of mid oaki Avtooe, in Bur
lington, with a dwelling h me tOereon dntaiaing
abojt one fourth avre. b- mg the h imotead place f
their father, the late C rge V. tthilck and
that it wuuU Se conducive to the interest cf
said wards to sell th same Ur the pur p sec f pat tic g
the proeee'-" thereof a interest.
All THEREfPov tlie i d Court a ntel and as
signed the i th day of oc ber A 1. t-71. at the
Prorate tfurt Rooms, i-i -:i I-tr'n, to hear
and decide upon said anplt a, inU urdere-l
that public D"t:ce there l e i on x ail per ins
mtererted therein, t-y pu1 i -huig nat order three
weeas successively, m the"Euri n;-n Free t-res.'
a newspaper w tilth cirru Ate ,n tlie neighborhood f
those perstiiu interct) ihcr ir a I of which
nhltcstJ"ns shall be prev:- us to the time appointed,
or hearing.
Therefore on an hereby ;i tified tt arpearffore
said Court, at the t.me and j i.v- alore? i ..l, then and
tnere t. oi j-t to the -rant.u. I -ut-h i reuse, if you
see can-e.
(nvet un-!er my hand, at the Prot Court Rioi!,
this 'th day tt October, A. 1. t-'l
low-r T. E. WALES, Judge.
IN I1ANUKI lTt
IN B VNKKI PTCV In -he I .tr Court of the
I mtd M-tte? f r tl D.-tr t i ero-ont. In
the tuattt-r ift o trench krnpt Not
ice i- t eret v iren that a p-t t .ahi- ieen fiiei in
sill C urt. 1 Char.e- O Frenjo A Dind French,
indir .'Lativ ai.d u c -partner, n'der name t
O rci.-h "4 Co, of Bu-1 on. n -aid District,
duly '(clired Eankruptt nr.iUr the Act (f
o'gre f March n 1. i r a d.scbarga
an'tjc rtificate thereof, fr 'n a 1 li.tMi and oth-claim-
provtle under an-l that tbe 7 b
dy f i.v. -7l at -,k M.. ttelore tt
Hon D A Hvalliv, Jnjf i m 1 Coort. a bf
Chemher ntheCit, -t fcurl n; r. ii.'-niel for
the hea-ir of the-atue when an t wicre ai cred
iti r- wh" have pivvei th r i:e n i .ther pcr
wni in i threat, my att n sr. -ku w c u e if anr
th- hare wn the prj i t-r f i i petition ahonl-t
not he .minted.
Dat.f at Burling. u the tb day of October,
A.l. t-a.
I wfw P B. 8M ALLEY, Clerk.
.drfriiscmcnt.
I
VDVKltTISEMEM.
croler aist. 1-71
1 pairs tmr wairE ribbed
MERINO HOSE AT J CENTS. PER PAIH
It ii tle cheapest trfli- ry we aha'. 1 have
ths- teasor:.
I. till I-- AM) r.KTi MFRI.N'O t'N-WKAli-VKIlV
(UlCll.
OP ALL KINDi, AT OLu ir'RIC3.
cav PriHtn a Nil Co lions
Cheap ns era. We at: 11 nim to make our
ii:kss :oois depaktmen
an attr ictive branel. of ear boil nose TPe have a
fu. fuck
Fancy Stress Goads
and ha e struck a HA rain in the way of
15 I c k I v ck.i Coo m
which most be seen to be appreciated.
AT LOW ftUCKl
lll.lt III. COUIKKI) VBLVfllEEVi.
Wafer proof Clolhs
AT ALL PEUCES. A larx atack
rAis'i.v ,u'i. um: ssiiuls.
Wool Hl:mkt'Lt,
"NV'ooi Blankets.
NEW CARPETS!
KVtluV WKKtX
FLOOR AND TABlE OIL CLOTHS.
Oil Cloth Stove Pattern.
'TERMS, C 1 IX O N" L V. J5
Mr. C. F. Wheeler, 1 aw.r. at il Bee Hue,"
where he wfll bebjpp;- t-ui.: '.m o d Heads and
Oct 21 dlwtf
CotLrOK tsTfitXT
HU M' 1 -MST O
Satm-day Bulletin
or
NEW B00K8.
OCTOUEIt"" 21. 1!71.
UANO BOOK 0? OCICTV. 3 sols, HnmonJ
KlllJon.
OUr.lLltE, or tbo .wtrs4 SJf tarr. KSDaiatlons.
PATH, W Carollao W. ItIs.
A BOOKOFIluLOZM TH'jDOIITS. bjrlleoryAt
THE KOB CAVE, a toir cf Itllr.
Z .N ITAa Tal. ol tio V a.ir. T Yelrertoa.
OV KIIL-NI. a NtI by J. W UeForrest.
I.AI.V JUDITH, bv Jo.tlu MrCartnr.
JOiill'A MAHVFL, by 11. L. faijeon.
LITTLE JAKKV. "y lr. 8 U. iwKroslt.
riCTLMsi. IN RL4I K. by P.al Konewka.
A JOCR"EV ROCNO MV houil-by Mabtro
tranal't-. lrD in, i-roocn.
HRKTUEVrOOD-H, by Pro'. 5hl!e,B.O. W C.
F.rf.
SPAI-KS OF OaSirS. Tbo WMipcrloc lino So-
NalLHDRlVfS H03IE.byUra.Svmit.
1IAHKY MAITLAND I ho Ijraat FaOor by
KlliaVth IXurs.
MAUAZI.N ta for 3ormber.
Comer ("bnrcb nnd College Stieeli.
Cct.a-d3tSwlw
riillB FISELT LOCATED PLlCF.cornsrafMaln
Jl and Tattlo stroet.. ilooso laro. ooaToal-ot
and In sood repair. Pjselo, clvoa alar 1st, 1872.
Apply tn MRS. L. J1AR311,
Octal fdiwtf On tbo prsmlsea.