S-----£ND- -n
The inibme tax expired by limitation on the
The small-pox deaths-la-Phnladelphis for
tqweek mae 19x.
Weknty-five livs were lost in Nova Scotia
by last 'asek's gales.
The Moi MeRgter was fiftyeaer old on the
10th of Deceisber.
It is estimate ,that $4,000,000 worth of
p pertyis frose in ithe Erie canal.
The ebarts of Senator Wilson to effect a
reconeiliation between 'Grant and Sumner
have failed.
Twenty-eight ladies pave been matriculated
in the University of Edinburgh' daring the
present term.
A Yankee who sought to introduce the !ift"
enterprise" busi.ess ItGermany, had to leive
the country post baste.
Everyeat in Paris is to be taxed three fames
Syear. --rom which .it may be surmised that
there will be fewer cats in the hoses and
more rabbits in the restaurants.
The following notice is stuck up en abridge
at Denver, in Colorado: "No vehicle drawn by
more than one animal is allowed to cross this
bridge in opposlte dlretions at the same time."
Moneeigneur Gaibert, Archbishop of Paris,
has received from the Holy Father a magnif
eentgold -aroea and a gold crosler,'to replace
the one which was lost during the Communist
riots.
An exchange says that at "twenty years of
age Leland Stanford arrivr' in California with
only one shirt to his back. Since then, by
alose attention tobusiness, be hasaccumulated
orver ten suIhions."
The report thatthe ex-Queen of Hanover had
heen received into the Catholic Church has
been confirmed on good authority, notwith
standing which one of the Hanoverian papers
still denies the fact.
The Rev. Canon Kingsley, in a late address
in Bristol, England, averred that be gave up
his professorabship at Cambridge becadse he
found history so overwhelmed with lies, that
he could get atthe ,...a, e
ever.
In speaking of "intellectual vagrancy," the
Charcdsmas deprecates "a deadly mental dye
pepsia that has had its foundation laid in
many of our American girls, -between the ages
of seven and fourteen, by the gorging of washy
Sunday School books.".
The Cathedral Fair in Boston was open
thirty-four days The receipts at the door
were $5780 98. The qnumber who paid and were
admitted by complimentary tickets was 88,741.
Of the number of complimentary tickets.given
out, less than one-half were used.
The telegraph to Sandringham, where the
P~ine of Wales lies so dangerously ill, had to
be closed to the general public, because the
wire was' burdened with messages to the
Queen from charlatans, quacks, and oflioloub
persons tendering medical advice.
Last weih the. folks in Boston squandered
ever so many gallons of boiling water in the
endeavor to thaw out their hydrants on one of
the cold mornings, but all to no purpose. A
general dropping of jaws followed the discov.
ery that the obstruction by fee was In the
mains at the reservoir, twenty miles away.
On the 8th Inst., -at San Francisco, Col.
Dicky's California mustang mare, Katie,
trotted twenty miles over a very heavy track,
in fifty-nine minutes and thirty seconds. The
owner then offered to wager one thousand
dallars that she coldl tot aneother mil jL-m
mediately inside- of 2.55, but there was no
takers.
STATISTICS OF THE CHICAGO FIRE.
From the advance sheets of a pamphlet
entitled "Chicago and the Great Conflag
ration," we gather the following facts con
cerning one of the greatest calamities of
the century
The total area burned over in the city,
including streets,-was 2124 acres, or very
nearly 31 square miles. The number of
buildings destroyed was-17,450; of persons
rendered homeless, 98,500. Of the latter
more than 250 paid the lastdebt of nature
'mid the carnage-fell victims to the Mo.
loch of our modern civilization.
The losses in buildings amounted to$53,
000,000; in produce, etc., $5,252,500; in
wholesale and retail business, $78,700,000;
--Ii personaloecte. 5, 1,0 jich,
with losses embraced under the head of
a" miscellaneous," and "other business
property," swell the grand total to $196
,00,000. "What is left" of the city is
shown by the following computation
The city contained a population of 334,
270 souls. Of these, 98.500 were rendered
homeless, leaving 235,770, or 70 per cent,
unharmed. About 50,000 left the city
within a few weeks, but many of these re
turned subsequently, and many bundreds
of workers came in from other places, to
aid in rebuilding the city. In December,
1871, Chicago contained a population of
not much less than 300,000. The number
of buildings borned was 17.450; remaining,
42,000, or 70 per cent. The value of the
builldings burned was not less than 50
per cent of the whole; saved, 50 per cent.
"Warr WILa. Ha D) WInT IT.-The man
with 100 aoyear, wa h.oaetus lspends only lo. .I free,
cheul, Lndependent ad let every one In the fae,
and is ready to taoe Instant advantage of ay chance
tht mayr r rfr h l avanement in life. The man
with 10 a year whob srndDe 50.. ei on the contrary.
fettere and etlnl. a·nc unable to torn to immediate
--e-ent any sudden oppertutty for improviaK hi8s cn.
dtlon. Let seuonomy, tbse.he year motto; but after
yen have esaed a few dollars. the qsMUen wilt be,
"WhatehallIde with itt'. Don't snepdulto with it.
jon'l1tes iti don't put It in an old eMek atesme. It
may be stolen or burned. and even If nsthisg happened
that. wy. It do't make moesy, It hears me Intae
€n ,ltn tI e Lountiana Bersing, hrtS, 5 Camp St.·
where it wll be secure. and whore It will Ino555, Just
as dId old hMbid'e money, as Is related inthe
oar Juventle colnmn ths week. Aun amonut. e
entsora duller upwarde. received on'depeelt.
the card of the bnk, in which nppears a list of i1 15.0
-e.s and directore, whom every one will recognise a
being among onr leading citleeps.
Mr. W. J. Kelly and Mrs. Wi. Hart, in a
in a eard elnewbhee. return their thankse o the kInd
lromet St. J1mph'. table, at the late F-ar at Odd
Now that the Grand Duke Alexis is about to
-erse tre ettse of New Orlion wtab a v e
me geo Oseorge ubn Wagueor' beont and shoe. tove.
o--.er o lvsse ad Da.utpnh etrt·,. sign of the fled
mg. sad ehme a pearr efnw style "iexis" boots
_lkr
£Yraavmd sarshu"q-ss d4wsumie
_ .ms..tsi sim--.
The aade d ehbistp9 aad5i
*Ipseeftbe i npuueas ct 'sour -i
otk of thWeslas whbih at proest
iprvail, and wiph east ai pdar sadow over
the peace and prosperity of-our fatherland.
During'the time that we, summoned b
the voice ofthaChareh's Head, were unite
with the CatdollBiabopn of the wori
over the tomb of St. Peter atRome-to de
liberate-on the remedies for the-religious
and moral ills of the present age, and-to
proclaim afresh before the science of the
day and the aberrations of modern thought
the changeless principles of our holy rell
gisn, there arose inaGermany a systemasti
cally hostile agitation against the delibera
tions that were taking place. That agita
tion at once generated in the religious
world-ia excitement which produced great
-onfusion in many minds, and which, up
tt the pr9sent time, like all the results of
inteileethal error, has been strong and
powersrl only in inveotlye and insult, in
demolitib and destruction. One of the
most persdious of the machinations of the
agitators hasl been from the very first, to
rIpresent our religious assembly as bhostile
to the humanltary-endenejes of the State,
,by exciting distrust of the Church, to
urge on the Government, of the eountry to
measures hostile to the Church.
The execstion of such a projeot might
have seemed hopeless in our country, and
yet, even before-we left Rome, rs had be
gun to feel alarm at the intrigues tld_were
praceisee on a liarge scate, ana sue iaciilties
at the dilposal of our opponents. The
confidenco which we felt in the hereditary
wisdom and jaustice of our august sover
eign, who is habituated to be guided a to
the aets of bis Government, not by the
venal and unstable dictates of a superficial
culture, or of a vague and self-contradic
tory liberalism, but by clear intelligence
and the spirit of earnest morality and
even-handed justice-that confidence, we
say, is d-eply rooted in our hearts.
We alsobelieve that history, that best of
teachers, speaks loddly on our behalf.
It shows us that the struggles which
took place in the middle ages between
Church and State did not originate from
the doctrine whirk tIs~ r-- "lds spad,
of the Pope's infallibility. History also
proves that from the end of medimval in
stitutions, even down to our own day, this
doctrine, which has been held and taught
in almost every Catholio country, has in
none of them produced political complica
tions. Besides, according to the very
wording of the decree-straightforward
and unambiguous as it is-and as explain
ed by the legitimate organs of Church au
thority, all allusion to the political domain
a is completely shut out from the dogmatic
definition; so that nothing but a fierce
passion for party strife could seek to put
out of sight this fact, or to put other inter
pretations upon it, by the employment of
a unfair inferences and by the citation of all
3 sorts of other" decrees that are wilfully
e misunderstood or dishonestly construed.
SNevertheless,it seems that in these latter
times such accusations and appeals have
not completely failed of their intended ef
fect, and that grave misunderstandings anil
I suspicions have arisen, even in those quar
ters which, ordinarily, are superior to the
f ephemeral outbreaks of heated party strife.
Such fears have in fact called forth re
grettable delisipns against the indispen
sable measure adopted by the Bishops of
s Bonn and Breslau; it has also produced
the late rescripts of the Minister of Wor
ship against the Bishop of Ermeland Tn
reference to the question of the religious
teaching in the Catholic College of Braun
berg. Those rescriptsnot only ordain that
a priest who has been formally excluded
I from the Church on acceunt of heresy and
obstinate resistance to the decrees of an
(Ecumenical Council, shall be the onlyle
gal Professor to teach religion in an -estab
ment that is Catholic by the terms of its
foundation, but also that all the Catholic
students of that establishment are bound
to attend his religious lectures against
their own wishes and against their parents'
desire, or else be compelled to leave the
college.
Sire, by this last act-to confine our
selves to this one conspicuous instance-it
comes to pass, not only that an establish
ment belonging to your Majesty's Catholic
subjectsis deprived of its Catholio eharac
ter, but also- that there has been commit
ted a flagrant aggression upon the special
domain of faith and of the Church, and an
open attack on liberty of conscience.
The Minister by his ordinances has de
termined without appeal what is hencefor.
ward to be deemed Catholic, and be pun
ishes the Catholics who will not adopt his
wlas h* wo nling from-thecollegatlC
instruction that they have a right to, and
which is exclusively founded and support
ed by Catholic money; and at the same
time as-but a small proportion of the suf
ferers by these proceedings are possessed
of the means to go elsewhere, the majority
are wholly deprived of the opportunity of
getting higher education at all. It may
even be truly said that after these ordinan- 1
ces, the entire Catholic Church existing in
your Majesty's do-ininions is apparently de
prived of all rights and of all protection,
and that a handful of apostates form its
only legal representatives.
On this account it is that Catholics
throughout Germany have been deeply ag
grieved at decisions which threaten all the
Church's rights, and a great many feel
alarm lest Prussia should be about to ab
jure her better traditions and abandon the
sacred principles of liberty of conscience
and justice in religious questions.
Sire, the principles of the Catholic faith
absolutely require that every person should
snbmitto the decisions of an (Ecuamenical
Council in allquestions of faith and morals.
Whosoever refusCes, cats himself off from
the Catholic Church, and of course cannot
continue to teach the Catholic religion.
All that has been done in the c~e above
referred to has been to ask the application C
of this incontestable princbiple of right,
that the teaching of the Catholic religion
should only be done by members of the a
Catholle Church; and therefore it is that
the refusal of this request, so fodtded on t
natural and positive right, and the viola- t
tion thus committed of religious liberty i
and liberty of conscience, has so deeply a
and painfually affected all Catholies.
But still greater than the grievance a
above-meationed is the aggression on the
anature itself, and the indefeasible rights of
the Catholic Church, made by the Ministe
rial ordinances, requiring that the Catholic g
g absa'b. oath. rell
This a
on the raligio who
haprved a olo ttab,
an who has lihD't h 'tith COb're
ea dirset voloqlaloh *l 'd
madl of our lth, n attiek on
the liberty of sow.e l tab Catholic
students, and oneastintat perseoation of
the most fhiquitousad most dangereaous
charseter.
Profoundly saddened at these deplorable
events, which can have no, other resalt
than to spread fatal eonfusioa amongst the
people, weaken their- espeet for the au
thorities appointed by Isd, and shake the
confidence that hitherto, they have so
faithfully preserved in-them; impelled by
feelings of duty, and penetrated by- the
consciousness of the responsibility- they lie
under for the welfare of the souls entrusted
to their charge, the undersigned Archbish
ops atd Bisbopseomewith the greatest re
spect before your Majesty's throne to enter
ther solemn protest against all these en
eroadcments on the Interior domain of
faith and of the rights of our holy Mother
the Church, and to ask of your Majesty
justice and redress.
Bot we are convinced that 'the present
conflict would have been avoided if a cor
reet -knowledge of the essential principles
of the Church's faith and life, a just appr-
elation of her 'whole moral and religious
'organisation and organipto life, as also of the
immovable foundations of her right, could
have made themselves heard in the delib
erationa on the question in hand; and-as
we still cherish the hope that even now it
will not be difleult to put an end to the
conflict that has broken out, We humbly
e e liberty o- nnex to this memo
rltLastatement of the opinions and princi
ples of Catholics on this subjeot.
We unite in prayer to God our Lord that
His all-powerful protection and blessing,
which has so visibly to all men covered
the beloved head of your Majesty in the
war which is lately ended, may still an
company you in the great work of peace
which you have undertaken, so that, on the
foundation of the fear of God, of justice,
and of civilization, the edifice of a united
German Fatherland may be raised' and
completed as magnificently as the heroic
war conducted by your Majesty has glori
ously commenced itand laid its foundations.
We are, etc.
da- Sept. 7, 1871
The above protest is signed by the Arch
bishops of Cologne and Posen, and Prince
Bishop of Breslau, the Bishops of Lim
burg, Paderborn Fulda, Treve,, Osna
bruck, Ermeland, Agathopolis, Munster,
Hildesheim, and EKlm.
The Archbishop of Posen adds in a post
script that. hIeoinaa this protesces_
though none of the Catholics of his diocese
have been led away by the misunderstand
ings that have produced agitation in some
of the provinces of Germany.
THE EMLEEROR's REPLY.
The Emperor's reply is addressed to the
Archbishop of Cologne, and is as follows:
My Lord Archbishop--I the manifesto
addressed to me by your Eminence, in con
junction with several other Bishops. meas
ures taken by my Government in matters
of higher education in conformity with the
existing laws are represented as "open and
illegal interference in matters of faith and
of the Church, and asan undisguised coer
cion of conscience," and your Grace pro
fesses yourself induced "formally to raise
a protest against all such interference in
matters of faith and internal law of the
Catholic Church." After the Bishops of
the Catholic Church, and especially his
Holiness the Pope himself, have hitherto
un formly acknowledged the Catholic
Church to enjoy a favored position in
Prussia such as It holds scarcely in any
othercountry, I am surprised to find in a
manifesto of Prussian Bishops echoes of a
language by which attemptehave been made
in Parliament and in the Press to shake the.
deserved confidence with which my Catho
lic subjects have hitherto regarded my Gov
ernment. Your Grace knows that no change
has taken place in this legislation, which
has hitherto enjoyed the approbation of the
Catholic-episcopacy; nor have yon named
any law in your manifesto that my Gov
ernment is supposed to have infringed.
If, however, occurrences have taken place
within the Catholic Church in consequence
of which its hitherto satisfactory relations
to the State are threatened in Prussia with
an interruption, I cahnot pretend to feel
myself called to give an opinion entering
on dogmatic questions on this fact; it will
rather be the task of my Government to
endeavor in the way of legislation to effect'
a legal solution of the recent conflicts be.
tween temporal and ecclesiastical authori
ties, so far-as they cannot be avoided al
together. Until this has been accomplish
ed in a constitutional manner,it is my duty
to maintain the existing laws in force, and
in conformity with them to protedt every
Prussian in his rights. The task of reply
ing in detail to the reproaches against my
Government addressed to me by your
Grace I leave to my Government. I had
hoped that the influential elements within
the Catholic Church, which formerly show
ed themselves averse to the national move
mentander Prussian guidance, would after
the constitutional reformation of the Ger
man elnpire, have accorded their voluntary
support to the peaceable development of
that empire in the interest of political or
der. The friendly expressio-e-with which
his Holiness the Pope saluted me in a let
ter of his own writing on the establish
ment of the-empire made me hope so.
But even if tlhis hope is not verified, no
disabusing experience in this matter will
ever prevent my still enforcing in fuhture
that in my kingdom every reed shall enjoy
the fall measure of freedom compatible
with tihe rights of others and the equality
before the law of all. In the conscious
ness of having honestly performed my
royal duty to award equity andjustice to
every one, I shall notesuler my confidence,
confirmed by experience, in my Catholic
subjects to be shaken, and I am sure that
this confidence is both reciprocal and en
during. (Signed) WILLIAM.
PnREPARE FOR THE [oLzDAYB.-The "odd
cent store," offer ysel tia tht h lady can desire to
lend the charsm of aeliu et dm to her hsnty.
Ribbona tritmisaa and faa,, goods in Immense quan
tlesr o. infinite varuety cm be een at 48 ItOlal street,
the grt emperlalm -rcenty stabihd by oar ener.
mes hair of au shades r eot r red to jet blac Wili
aoa there be bond. Gras tgall eln always hero bet
obtained, a Mr. A. always atad-to hi own buLnme,
have at the beet o arote sad sel at low ro mr
e omember 48 fole ·trse then yoe ommenee to
march fer what yo waSt.
The meet suitable presentfor the holidays-
a niee book. Sryoh has a large asortment to elect
item.
'.umili m sp.l.
m ,Sa r-t a
bill for mi xe oa b cam
That the C o lanee bere
to nuire- nt b aue l I.of exempUting
Rom thi lpJymet of e q diN all rote-eR
rsl inohndam ian trott onea ltn the
United States wf h bi re sed or the purpore
of balling re bagging cotton." Mt. Btgham
from the oJudiaoiy ommittee, reported a bill
fixing the first enda in November, he, as
the time for huddlng the e1tetione for choosing
electors for President aend Vie-President.
Meers. Binghaom and Sbeldon explained the
nesalty of the bill arising out of some pre
visions in the Loueisana Consdtution. After
some discussion, the bill wea postponed till
the second Wednesde in January. The ap
portionment bill was resnmed in committee of
the whole, and an amendment adopted that
hereafter no State shall be admitted with a
less population than required for a member.
The bill then passed without a division. It
provides the House shall conslst of 283 mman
bers, with a distribution sufollows Maine, 5;
Ne mp Vermon, 2; Maisaohusetts,
oRhodek3; New Connecticut, 4; Noey
York, 39; Nw Jey 7; PewJyl 6
Deleware, 1; Marland, 6; Virginia, 9; North
Carolina, 8;- Sout Carolina, eorgi9;
Alabama, 7.; Mississippi, 61 ;Louisase'
Ohio, Kentuok, 10. Tensse, 9
ana, L1: hfllinol, 1t Mhasoori 13; Arlkansas,
VMichigan, 9; Florida, 1; TexasL_ 6; Iowa,
S9; Wisoonain, 8; California, 4 i Minnesota, 3;
Oregon, 1; Kasa, 3 Wees Virginia, 3 Ne
vada, 1, and Nebraeka. 1. House then ad
journed. Attorney General-Akerman has re
signed. The President has accepted his resig
nation, audwill nominate Geo. H. Williams,
of Oregon, to-day, as Aberman's successor.
NSw Yoax.-Muoh excitement was erested
in the cotton market by the announcement of
the failure of the hosses of W. P. Wright
Co., Adolphus C. 8ohkfer Co., and J. Leay
craft. The Police Commissioners having pro
bibited the International demonstration in
New York city last Sunday, and Governor
Hoffman having declined to interfere in their
behalf, the demonstration was postponed.
Several of the members of the association
having repaired with flags, etc., to the plaece
from which the procession was to have started
were arrested and confined till Monday, when
they were released. The Committee has de
cided to parade to-day and the Police Commis
sioners have resolved to allow the parade,
simply instructing the Superintendent to pre
serve the peace. Great excitement prevails in
Brooklyn on account of the small-pox. whioh
has broken out in the jaiL A corps of citizens
have been detailed to vaccinate the citizens
The Bible war, at Hunter's Point, has been
compromised and the expelled scholars rein
stated. Catholic children are allowed to re
main in class rooms during Protestant reli
gious exercises. There haa been another
school difficulty on Long Island, where the
female teacher mixed white and colored chil
dren. The Trustees dismissed the teacher,
Arrivals from the West Indies state that yes
se passing Turks Island are boarded from
there, asking vessels to bring cargoes free of
duty,-as the people are starving. Eugene
Daly states that the Communist Cluseret had
been here since the 27th of November, having
arrived via Halifax, and that he left last Sun
day night for Mexico. The 21-buscs has the
following in special from Washington: An ef
fort will be made this winter to induce Con
gress to pass a law diresting the refunding of
the cotton tax collected in the .yersa 1865, I866
and 1867. A memorial upon this subject, from
the New Orleans Chamber of Commerce, is
now before the committee of ways and means,
which argues that the tax was unconstitution
al by reason of its falling upon one section of
the country. This will be supported by simi
lar memorials from other commercial associa
tions, and petitions from farmers who have
paid the tax, which will soon-be filled. The
amount that the Treasury would have to pay
in case the tax should be refunded, would be
soa enormous that there is almost no probabili
ty of such a bill passing, even with the aid of
the power and infl ence that would certainly
be brought to bear. That a movement is or
ganizing to press the scheme for refunding the
cotton tax is undoubted. By information re
ceived here from a trustworthy souroe it is
learned that speculators have been busy in
WestTennessee buying fropn the planters, for
trifling sums; the aassigumnts of their claims
to the tax paid by them. One man in Mem
phis, it is alleged, holds assignments amount
sag to several millions of dollars. The whole
amount of the cotton tax collected is said to
have been over $100,000,000.
Nxw HaMPSnHR.-The Democratic Conven
tion nominated Governor Weston for Governor.
The resolutionsdenouncethe suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus in the Southern States
as unconstitutional. The President of the
Convention favors a fusion with moderate Re
publicans, such as Schurz and Trumbull.
TEx NESSE.-A number of Memphis-woen
have registered for the purpose of voting at
the next municipal election, under a clause in
the charter allowing all property holders to
vote.
NKBRABKA.-Last week an emigrant train
camped in Saline county, Nebraska. The men
went for wood, and not returning the women
went in search of them. The children left in
the wagons were the only ones saved. The
men and women, seventeen in number, were
frozen to death.
WYoM.LNG.-The bill to repeal the law, in
Wyoming, giving women the right to vote,
passed the House, the Governor's veto, not
withstanding. The repeal was lost in the
Council for want of the requisi
vote.
UTAn.-The Mormons continue to yield
obedience to court processes. Several of them
have been arrested as alleged murderers of
Dr. Johnston, in Oct. 1866. Dr. Johnston was
called professionally and murdered in the
streets at midnight.
xNGLAxD.
The most intense excitement has prevailed
throughout the British Empire on account of
the illness of the Prince of VWales. Fr6m the
8th to 12th, no hopes could be entertained for
hisrecovery,. but on that evening, as he had
had some sleep and prostration did not in
crease a more hopeful feeling began to show
itself He still continues in the same state, no
change either for the better or worse having
since taken place. The excitement in Eng
land is represented as being greater than that
caused by the Crimean War. On the 11th
business was entirely suspended in London and
prayers were offered up In all the cburches.
The Queen and all the royal family are con
stantly at his bedside. The British Foreign
Office has sent iuitunctions to all its agents
abroad to investigate the organization of the
arionus branches of international societies in
the countries to which they are respectively
accredited, and report thereon to the govern
ment. The Stadard hu as a St. Petersburg spe
elal, reporting a disagreement between the
Czarowitch Alexander and Prince DeRuiss,
German Minister to Russia. Alexander as
sailed DeRuiss, when friends separated the
parties. A dispatch from Bombay states the
cholera is raging with great fatality among
the natives of Lucknow and vicinity. The
'lobborne case continues to attract publie at
tention. Bettiag on the result is quite gener
al, odds of ten to one are offered against the
claimant. A general strike of telegraph oper
aterr took place doring the week, but failing
ii ito object the men have all returned to
IR.L.L D.
h·e anniversary of the Prenties Boys st
Londonderry was celebrated on the 7th inst.,
aeleei. r quie 1 gy of
h d a u r -st "ý d i
strattess, but ao seriouls d6dsnrve.
nnwrc.
In the-Assembly a netion wamet
Debatel for removal of the A blyai ed
of een aut to Paris. The-mc ion g 'voie
to an ·g t debate, wihchrommses 1db a
potreteone, although there is little e i
thtbe proposUal h s majority of the Cim. I
beears ini fvor The session of the 8h was
very 'turbulent. A vote of urgenoy was de
manded upon the question of the future form I
of government for France, ad-yras refhasd.
Tbhe Chamber was, subsequently, the soene of
angry recriminations between the members of
the Right and Left. There it complete dis
agreement between Thiers and the Orleans
Prinoes respecting the Aights of the latter to
take their seats in the National Assembly. It
is reported the Orleans Princes have deter- 2
mined nevertheless, to take their seats in the
Assembly at an early day, and will act 'with
the party of tbb right centre. The Minister of
War has made a statement in explanation of
the delay, of the Committee which was some
tine sinoe apointed to inquire into the ca
Spituation of French fortiflastions and army
daring the late- war. The Minister said the
6ommittee had examined into the facts con
nected with the surrender of six fortresses of
secondary character, the commandantrs'of a
which have been sentenced to undergopnish
meat according to to army regulations. On
Saturday, the 15th, he Commission was to
commnence an investigation into the capitula
tion of the fortress and army of Sedan, and
will tu~i their-ttention to Mets. The appeals
of the Communists convicted of the mader of
Generals Leompte and Thomas, sentenced to
suffer death, have been rejected by the Com
mittee on Pardons. There is no hope tlat
Thiers will Interpes to reverse this final do
cleson~- MLEdouher asked leave to present a
resolution censuring the Committee on Pr- I
dons for its want of clemency towards the
convicted Communists but the maJority of the
Assembly protestedziolently against the re- I
ception of the document. The weather at
Paris is extremely cold, the thermometer
being sixteen degrees below zero. The Seine
river is tightly foen over.
The plenipotentiaries of France and Ger- I
many signed an additional peace convention
at Frankfort on the 11th inst.
SPAIN.
The elections throughout the country on the
11th inst., for Municipal Councils, were
everywhere favorable to the Republicans.
There was tremendons excitement in Madred
over Grant's mesage regarding Cuban affairs.
TheGobvernment has resolved to maintain a
firm attitude. Rein(prcements of 4000 men,
two Generals and four ironr-clads will be dis
patched immediately to Cuba.
SWmITZElICAND.
The Federal Assembly has passed a bill
legalizing civil marriages.' All the members
of the Board of Arbitration under the Wash
ington treaty to settle the Alabama claims,
have arrived at Geneva.
RUesLA.
The Knights of the Order of St. George,
founded by the Empress Catharine, celebrated
their anniversary Thursday. In the evenings
grand banquet was given, at which the Czpr
and first dignitaries of the Empire were pres
ent. The Czar offered a toast to the health of
the Emperor of Germany. He hoped the inti
mate friendship which existed between the
monarch and himself would last as long as
they lived, and be carried down to future gen
erations by their successors; and he trusted the
fraternity of the armies of Germany and Rus
sia, dating from an ever memorable epoch,
would be perpetuated, and thus would be con
stituted the best guarantees for the mainten- a
ance of peace and legal order in Europe.
CUBA.
At last we see the end of the war which has
been desolating this beautiful island for so
long a time. A document has been issued by
prominent insurgents, who have lately surren
dered to the Government, which is signed by
the two Recos, Sandivar, Several, Aueras,
three Hornas, Betonoourt, Melchar, eral, I
two Varoaus, and over four thousand flve hun- t
dred others of less importance, dated at I
Puerto Principe, and which says: In future we
will adhere to the throne of--pain, andare now
disposed to aid the Government. We have
seen our illusiaons vanish beeanuse the country
failed to support us and foreigners failed to
send us aid. The government of Spain is now I
sufficiently strong to maintain the integrity of I
her territory. The document farther says t
that the insurgents now in the field are mostly
negroes, under the leadership of Ignatio Agra
mente, who rebelled against Cespedes. Not a
house is left standing in the whole country be
tween Los Tunas and Moron, and the desola
tion that prevails is terrible. All hopes of the
insurgents succeeding politically have been I
given up, and destruction has been rapidly 4
going on. The negroes are working to make
themselves masters of the situation, and are
dominant in the districts lately held by the
insurrectionists. The surrendered insurgents
who signed the document at Los Tonas, pro
test against the prolongation of the fight, and
consider the salvation of the country obtained,
and look forward to reconstruction a, early
peace. Gen. Valmeseda, in a special o re- 1
turned volunteers, said: "Spain will s nd to i
Cuba this month four batalious of troop from I
the regular army of Spain, besides 100 rein
forcements which are to follow withi one
year.
MEXICO.
The city of Saltillo and all the surrounding
forts are in possession of the rebels. The in
surgents are preparing to march on San Louis.
The revolutionists still hold Mazatland, and
axror uOinug to resist any attack-that may be
made by the troops raised by Governor
Buchan, of Lower California. Sonora and
Gorcio are quiet. Advices from the Pacific le
coast of Mexico, on the whole, are favorable
to the Juarez Government.
PARAGUAY.
A Rio Janeiro letter reports a row in the
balls of the Paraguayan Legislature, between
the President, who appointed an unpopular I
mi niiter. and Congress. The people took
part, and several were killed and wounded.
One dull, rainy day a man stepped into Mr.
Stewart's store, in ew York, and desired a new clerk
tob show him some muslin. e was hard to suit, and a
lat the young man called outas he wrs taking a piece
o goods to the door to loeok at i: 'Hold owold man,
noneof that. iou can buy goods here at the countier
if you want them." He did not like the trouble ok
folding eand putting up so many pices after the cuto
m OR. KlgusyoNa betterste down to the cshier'e
daes and get what is owing you," quletlg remarked the
supposed hbuyer, who wae no other thaen Mr. Stewart
himself. "You ar too csrefal of yourself to do bad
nssfor me." This lle attention to buslness is one of
the secrets of Stewart'saamnst unparaleledasoees. In
this, as in hisgreat loresight, energy and persevermoce,
he ba s worty prototype In the person of one of onr
aI, like Stewart, with ver little captail, Mr. Eil-I
ler,.b as splendid .blines qualiicationa has advanced I
arm topte potion of neofour leading merchants. V
Stock is alway· complete, as witness the list hepubh 5
lishes In his advertisement, end his prices are very low. II
Itemember the number, i1 Malaine street. n
The Prlne of Wales is very sick,
Alexs hba the me neles,
Wagnerha fine boots and shoes,
i'op, go the weasels.
Go to the sign of the-' ted Boot," crner of Dauphine
and Ureulinss streets.
WORTH KgowIsG.-tlr. Eyrich is selling..
splendidly inlald writing desks, worth 90, for i3 90 to
Sty. &/·rge stock of fancy goods proportionately low
at 130 Cuul street.
Every merchant in town ought to make the B
young mn.and bo.e of biasters. a present ot an order a
caCeptain B. T. W-i'. it0 Casle street, to the effect
that each ia to have all that he oonsiders neoesary to p
ake him happy on Christmas day. ci
,ia
Imo' et _ pa
ead- la et ee
e o some _ Ose o ewor "cnlw redse otae.
SclIsas so.t Improvement. th e
cldl 3 b arate i w n
N pee( eksrones to 1lo andito
sopreisste belie L t The tota oasfu thewl!
Grat oo dtd tAs quorte ise he. i Lod
its a -o e ix.r'.s
mu rnised eior 4. andt may 'b e ides
tood alttherOP. Tso 4is he mr adtd t ser
-R AOs--We quote t11 per ]l lbs.
da ta i reid to N e pr ton for pThef s
.and af wlsare ald te. to 10i pe- a nor
aeyoin rash .lsden usem a71 sto Se. dear ib
sdeso 1 to 9. e dea h r seAf ad.14 to or for d
tl orl hapr10u l to 10g.
pab.,rap,, m tht of oa
pDar Sh Mddends s(lk e e mo df d at e diser e
lo uthe Nr eapc-Wer o -m doensse per
Yorrs-a-Wers, i isehesa Wshtsato toner halea
tse ses toC e aloe m hand e t mn lorthen ate Lo-
dorigna co rt. 4.Th 00,00 pealso anu, f propr.
tss aneditehll stoblror l i f Nwh or
rnihed ae yto ryb Isud qtd aS citoln, sad re
ser authrit. To t thi es we ýt a de mo e
ts i regrdo owYrk Julsenakeys Te
teol. dglls eso e e bue Ts"
Nsn s-pes d edsoiling o s tos 3 lper bbl.
non hell ma 0, w 50 biber5 bb. Csbbgsd aotl
tos$fper box, Green Applep 00 teof er.
f Brigialtor e t1 i tes pat lb sir duty
frprimed9to i or goodito181 forair, osdinary
Weatern rei Bourbont s0 to p. Hrgh wines
71e toc comns n ee Tel.
originBAotS.o-=We quote 170 pe yard i finales sad
lod In rolls. Kentucky hem s sa 171 to l8e. oras
Saos Tise Are etrady aodn ine' a cinto et lb
Nonry Market.
Gold 1no 1n0AmMhsn half delare 10s to 10
Steri ng exllschange l toranesd51t 4t15.
Do orm te upoxtc o er etm eS -nsiaum
lNewspapers tho astrogmuest tof financial'
enterprses when well managed and liberally
condu.etd. Mr. James Grant, in his now book
on the aNewslppr Press of London," ex
t relligence eter pporise d trde. The
preses the belief that the profits of the Lon
Ion Times are. Tp 300,000 pe r annum. Mr.
reant edited the orsig adretiser when Lord
Broughair qand Sir David Brewster wrotte for
it, and Lord Palmerston, upofiilyocourse,
eocelleceio tha c aclue ofer hunrewspperf
furnished editorials,-and may be considered
good authority. To thisrr wee may add some
facts in regard to New York journals. The
profits of the Herald are many londred-tho
sand dollars a year. The trbsise was nerv
inow. The oines, which it was surmised would
its original editor, hs pow a circulation un
precndented in Its history, and is declaring
such dividends (like moof our eadi New
York papers, it I. a joint-stock concern that
ts stock commands more han eleven tim es its
original cost. Th irl d is also a fine proper
ty; aidall the establis he djbrsalse of Now York
and .acin Th uonder f this paper w e
are as sure and certain and aying investments
as there are to be foun i the city.-N Y. Pa
Cper.
Newspapers, tho succeed, must certainly
bt erioore ahe awe and liberally conduct-l
ed." But that i. not allt- They must' be
located in great centres of population, in
telligence, enterprise and trade. The
Loedon hme or the aesereNew York Herao lde
fired or the support ofa ta great Institution
liorke rthose papers in a community tat does
not appreciate the valuo e nof a newspaper,
and, if it did, it is too weak in popul ation
and resources to supp ort it. There is a
great doal besides; in the place of publica
ation itselfr ar. There are weekly papers neien
New York city that do not compare In any
n respec t with the Weekly Regiter In they
e quality ol r quantity of its reading matter,
in tone or intelligence, or typographical
thousands of copies, far beyond the thought
is a r emarkable exampl e of the reatsuccess o
a weekly journal of mediocre lit erary
hAbiity, produced by the prestige of loan-
tioae, ad judicios and persiste ant advertis
ing. The owner of thi paper will buy ae
horse thato takes his fancy, ansd can trot ar
second aster ti ean anotherpa and think no
Stheing of paying 40,000 for it.- hobil c
Reginaer. -i el most poraist
SSuccras IN BVsrprss.-When ayonth reaches
tlat period of life at whieh he finds hinself obliged to
step ol into the wed and work his wayn towards the
goat upon whieh he has fixed his gaze, battling with
old wary and experienced adversaries, he naturally
feel mistrust of lila own powh ers and e tqere istso
and, lacking cofeidence 10 himself to a ceriain extent.
lienters upon his business career with le of that hope
and vigor which are so essential to success, nest ict
and careful selfexamination he will ask hi nsef, Am I
es toene rgetic, mre persevering, ore courhigeousl
tiosa all thnese meni Ron! the answer terut fely tis.
thepoito. Ie f owuane= .lis to- trhl yon ca
letand Caeltr andltst yene obo, and r
thue tof lif t ih F a smar l sum yo u will there