After U,c Kail.
t sCT ist J embed their tesntlful hair,
T'te'r ions bright tresses by cn
v- il.ev ifugheo aa4 likr1 in tbir lam
i. .ire,
-Tt'te rjw was coun
ilty W.kod ol waits at d ;ui 1. 1
i i tacj laoshsd. like oilier g n,
.t vr ti fire Len a.i i.
j i tii ir os i cu
i ol fit n and Crcsso'y aoc,
u 'U Hwers and ri9bo im
l4-te:ei a'Kat in every p-v.
AT r ue re el is through.
i i Maaii nod Madge la robes of white,
t re p'ett est night own under ta win,
fugles, elipper'eas sit In the nitit.
it r tne revci la done,
i' ic us1' their beautiful hxlr,
i is wondeiful war&f of brown ao4 goM,
-rn'fi.eti out in the chamber .titers,
A the little hare feet are coM.
I the jritherins winter chill,
a ut oi ttie bitter tot Aiie weather,
e rv tire isoat and the house isstlit.
,i 1 and Madge together,
j 1 r i Mad ie n robes of white,
t r..t mciit-cowns UTiaer the stm,
twsj from the chilly nJect,
u revel is dane,
a a splendid dream,
i jft '(us uern' twinkling tune,
tin ii-und lustre ehmin;rlog it ream
i a ranl saloon.
ti nd flatter of laeu,
.1 sweeter than tnntk,
i m im-n with beantifat fieas,
,i i tr j-iatl duar.
h" hiDinsoatlikoa tar,
rx iur,tinj the dreams of each,
1C v pweeter than oUmr are,
a :or' speech.
u. i of bearded Soom,
i -L roverapuo,
t i k r 1 baoiiorod room.
v v ie-i tftttOTTaatraln,
i i ureaaaily walk,
u. i i- 'Phnt wait bet Mo.
v.rM'tfteteventsU,
Ha
t -iti f una.
V.j i lfie. tream on toUer.
uA'as of jaloa fear.
h iter 5t Aatts vaatbar
TtT'
wl utt irouter year.
v i1'1 r.da!, and robed f;r tliB t ah,
j r wa ha r and oHea trees,
m n y one of yon left f jt the (do m
i-cjr-t-1 lipKto preaa.
l t'.c I ridal pearls,
7 r i aifn and Brnatela lacs
v i i t- bt'ish thrcosh her curls,
t i. t b?r lover's lace.
Jul Ma'lj;ein roarbrida! white.
:ii revci h ju-tt IteiniD,
r r h xleefM iu yunr a-ms to uiM.
el .I i.fe U dene.
arid c -owned w.th uraatnti-1
heaven and bride of the sue,
ful Mnu-1, you'll Mftr m!.-
t au her bath won.
Tit r Sailor.
-1 1 iking uttoaa,
j-!j ihe bleak darknes- ofihani ht,
v tnr..bbinK t the watea
ti.u-f- bervo.oesoso t an1 liht
inci i r'E4 the sonnl to hi n
,ur i ie. t rinsing: threaten the sprsj
ut e psrkli of ea.lt waves
t :toa lifiids. and Etnells the haj
n !.r hi in he has th s tb..ucht.
i muntV thought, tjrfittiug caio
th? hip tl'eaun a pace,
I lii" eyes and sunny hair.
o'er the glassy sea
v t i tiie jjlowine tropic's ran,
i kk-m timbers, snatterM spars,
.til ht.- drowning shall be done.
Old and Arr
Thirty-Seven Bays of Peril.
py frcia Scribritr Monthly foi N
imtir. i Truman C. Everts thiilling s'.ory
e rible ad vec tarts vhile wandering
i 'he YfUovatone country, la this art;-
t r K verts gives more elaborately s&d at
cttr ltDg'.h the story of his wanderings
s. a were originally aiven in the pages of the
F tt i'tues. It isaetoryof eoflfering, privation,
r-cce t'heoturf of altercate hope aad det
wl i;h the reader can not easily forget
i i uc read with great satisfaction the e
rt dt. ripuve articles on the wonders of
f i j jt r Yellowstone, in the May and June
1 i your magazine. Mawng myeelf
if the party who participated in
l the jleasures, and suflfcred all the
i- that expedition, I can not only bear
i) the fidelity of the narrative, but
i A .idd some facts of experience whieh
i r it dttraot from the general in tore-: it
lied
dt'-ireti isit this remarkable region, ol
i 1 during several years' residence in
M nuria, 1 had often heard tne most marvel-
i' "ountr, led me to omtc in the cxdi
i ui Auguht last. The general character
IV' Hojendous scenery of the Kocky
Ai untains prepared my mind for giving
r in l. all the strange stories told of the
W. wt4ne. and I felt quite as certain of the
ci -'fnc of the physical phenomena of that
ur.try. tin the morning that our company
-'urtcd lrom Helena, as when I afterwards.
in !d it. 1 engaged in the enterprise with
nthupiasm, (echng that all the hardships
tndcxpofures of a month's horeehack travel
through an utieii 1 .red region would be more
'ian comjienKated by the grandeur and novel
r. ul tbc natural objects with which it was
r dcJ. 01 course, the idea of being lost in
it without an jf the ordinary means of sub-
-tcr and uf wandering fjr days and weeks,
i nr idling condition, alone, in an unfre-
rNj wildcrncm. formed no part of my
nruiifdation. 1 had dwelt too long amid the
.11 ii'iMins not to know that such a thought,
ful it in-eurred, would have been instantly
tcl a i th probable nevertheless, man
i nij-Mb and tjod disposes," a truism which
.ul -i new and ample illustration in my
w.uidtnngw through the I'pper Yellowstone
My friend Langford has so well debcrilxni
i cnery and physical eccentricities of t!ic
un:r. that 1 should feel that any attempt
t i try it wouia be to
o i reQned sold and paint the lily
i irratitc must, therefore, he strictly rer-
M
d
1 'u tic duv that I found myself separated
i tht tnpany, and lor several dayspre
m JM.ur cninio had leen impeded by the
Kn-i growth o! the pine forest and occasion
i l.irse tract of fallen timber, Iroquently
"f otnng our progress alnu-fet imposeible.
W i cnever wc came to one of these immense
'a 'id fill-, enh man engaged in the pursuit
a ptifNigc through it, and it was while thus
ui loved, und with the idea that 1 had found
ih that 1 btrayed outot bight and hearing
my c imrades. We bad a toilsome day. it
v.ir. ,iute late in the afternoon. As separa-
i iin i mv iuis uau imiumuy ucjurrcu, ii p v
me no alarm, ani I roue on, lully conbdent
"I soon rejoining the company, or of finding
Thcr camp. 1 came up with the pack-horse,
which Mr. Langford afterwards recovered, and
nied to drive him al ng. but failing t j do so.
and piy eycficht being defective, 1 spurred
forward, intending to return with assistance
from the party. This incident tended to nc
i derate my epced. I rode on in thedirection
which I supposed had been taken, until dark
ness overtook me in the dense forest. This
was disagreeable enough, but caused me no
Hl.irm. I had no doubt of being with the
I irty at breakfast the next morning. I sc
;ed a spot f ir comfortable resposc, picketed
iv horbe. built a fire, and went totleep.
I tie next morning 1 lose at early dawn,
lied and mounted my horse, and took my
r-e in the supposed direction of the camp.
n do of the previous day had been up a
-nnntla jutting into ths lake, for the f-bore
which 1 started, with the expectation of
Jing my friends camped on the beach. The
t'-i was "quite dark, and the trees so thick,
fidt it was only by a tlow process I could get
t:.t 'Ugh them at all. Jn tearcbiog for the
n I became somewtiat confuted. The fall-
'oliage of tbepineb had obliterated every
-uc e f travel. 1 was obliged frequently to
ii-1 mint, and examine the ground tor the
riNt inL'it'''"9- Coming to an opening,
in wliul 1 could sec several vistas, I dis
.nttd for tb purpose of stlccting one
i.n- in the dt."'" I bad chosen, and
i .ving my horse unhitched, as had always
n my custom, wa.'ked a few rods into the
1 -t While surveyit g the ground my horse
L inght, and I turntd around in time to
1 iui disappearing at full speed among the
to. That was the last I ever saw of him.
I et quite dark. My blanket", gun,
K i-'li-hmg tackle, matches everything,
t the clothing on my perMMi. a couple
tkmi, and o small opcra-glaw wereut-
v. the saddle.
A ttl 1 yet rcalire tbc possibility of a per
anerjt taratien from the company. In
ftcaJ fMlowing up the pursuit of their
,)'ao,I 1 ncaged in an effort to recover my
Half a day's warch convinced me of
lL" 'luprai'ticahility. I wrote and posted in
r I-n Fpace -everal notieea, which, if ray
"Tiu-KttUUd chanco to sec, would inform
II in t my condition and the route I had
ar,d then struck out into the forest in
tl ui'7-jf.cd direction of their camp. As the
Jay w ire on without any discovery, alarm
1 "k he place of anxiety at the prospect of
Hn ii'icr night alone in the wildernet e, and
tl.ia time without food or fire. But even this
h-mal fureVioding was cheered by the hope
tf'-tt I (-h-iuldsoon rejoin my companion?, who
v 'uld laugh at my adventure, and ineorpo
'ate it at- a thrilling epi-ode into the jurnal
'i ur trip. The bright side ofa misfortune,
I fuund by experience, even under the
t posfible circumstances, always presents
rj2i leatures ot encouragement. t lien l
bf'gan to realize that my condition was one
t actual peril, I banished from my mind all
t-ar of an unfavorable rteult. Seating myself
n a kg, I recalled every foot of the way I
had traveled since the separation from my
friends, and the moet probable opinion I
'aid form uf their whereabouts was, that
ihey had. by a course but little different from
mine, paused by the spot where 1 had posted
the notices, learned of my dil6tcr, ana were
baiting forme to rejoin them there, or search
ing for me in that vicinity. A night mut be
,nt amid the prostrate trunks before my
return conld be accomplished. At no time
di ring my period of exile did I exrerience so
much mental suffering from the cravings of
hunger as'wben, exhausted witb this long day
ol fruitless search, I resigned mjself to a
conch of jine foliage in the pitchy darknei
SitrftttnrfiVir'Sttl ifrtt ftr
VOL. XLV. NEW SERIES, VOL. XVIII.
of a tbickct oF email tree-. Naturally timid
in the mzht. 1 fallr realized the exposure of
taj coijdition. I peered upward through the
darkness, bat all wafl biarLne and ploom.
The wiod sighed mournfully through the
pine. The forest eeemcd alive with the
wreeching of night birdt the angry harking
cfeoyotca, and the prolonged, dismal howl of
the my wolf Tbe twund, familiar by
their coosutnt occurrence throughout the
j'Mirncy, were nww full of terror, and drove
flumltcr from my eye-lids. AIiotc all thi
however, was the hope that I phonld bo re
eUred to my omracYs the noit div
I Knrly the next morning I rweunrafreahed.
and pur-oltny wcjry way over the prostrate
trunk-. Itwinoon when I reached the
pot where my notices were posted. No one
h;id been there. My disaj .point ment vzm
almotoerwhelming. For t ho Crt time, I
reilized that I w.ie lost. Then came a crush
inseenec of destitution. No footi.iwflre;
no means to procure either; alone in an an
cxph red wlliemess, c.nc hundred and fifty
miles fntn the nearest human bK
rounded ly wild bwt, and famitifainp with
hunger. Jt was no time for despondency.
A moment afterward I fclc hjw calamity can
j elevate the mind, in thf fjrmation of the
I resolution '-nottoperibh in that wilderness."
The hope of finding the party Hill con-
tronoa my plans. I thought, hy traversicc
he peninsula central! v. I would be cnabll
t strike the sW f ii i .H
i their camp, and near the point of departure
lor the Madison. Acting upon this impres
1 eiou, I rose from a sleepless couch, and pur
1 sued my way through the timber-entangled
forest. A feeling of weakness took the place
of hunger. Conscious of tho need of food, I
I felt no cravings. Occasionally, white aorui
bhag over logs and through thickets, a sense
j of taintnesa and exhaustion would come over
me, but I would suppress it with the audible
expression. "This won't do 1 must find my
company." Despondency would Bometiinet.
i strive with resolution for'the mastery of my
mwRiiw. i wo urn minK ul borne ot my
daughter and of the pwihle chance of star
vation, or death in some more terrible form
but as often as these gloomy forebodings
came, I would strive to banit-h them with
j reflections better adapted to my immediate
I nu'Zfl-irtc. 1 recollect at this time discus
Intugthe question, whether there was not
ixupianica uy 1'rjviaencc in every man a
rinciple oi Felf-preservation equal to any
iiergency which did not destroy bis reason.
I UCCIJCd this itliMtmn nbrmituMv a th.tit- I
sind times afterwards in mv wanderings and
I record this experience here, that any tor- 1
son who reads it. should he ever find him-j
self ir. like circnmstanccr, may not despair, i
There is life in the thought. It wUl revive i
hope, allav linger, renew energy, encounge I
penetrance, and, a I have proved in my
own case, bnnir r. man out of difficnStv. when i
nothing clsa can avail.
It was mid-day when I emerged from the
forest into au ojien space at the foot of the
peninsula. A broad lake of beautilul curva
ture, with magnificent t-ur rounding?, lay be
fore me, glittering in the t-un beams.
During the first two days, tho fear of meet
ing with Indians gave me considerable anxie
ty; but. when eonscouof Iteiug lost, there 1
was nothing) -)iaoe!i desired as to fall in
with a lode of Uanmck or Crows. Hiving 1
nothing t temp: th ir enj idity, they would
do me no personal harm, and. with the proai- I
iscofrewaid, would probably minister to
my wantt- and aid my deliverance. Imagine
my delight, while gazing upon the animated
expanse ut water, at seeing sail out from a
dihtant point a large canoe ejntaining a single
oarsman. It was rapidly approaching the
shore where I wa stated. H ith hu fried
steps I paced the Iteach to meet it. all my j
energies t-timulatcd by the assurance itgave j
of food, safety, and restoration to friends As
I drew near to it it turned towards the shore,
and on 1 bitter disnpptintiucnt. the object
which my eager fancy had transformed into
an angel of relief stalked frni the water, an
enormous fclican. flapped its dragon-wings
as if in mockery of my wrrow, and flew to a
solitaiy p int farther up thf lake. This little
incident ijuite until inncd me. The transit! m
fromj .y to grief brc'ight with it a terrible
connciouhuess of the horrors of my condition.
But night was bi-t approiehing, and dark
ness would c me w ith it. While looking for
a spot where I might rcrc in safety, my
Z TIT e,-T-r-;
atrrac ed to a email preen plant
fu a tr't'M-
oprn tunc (.time p.ir cliHr
attention was
ot so lively a
if L 1 i
.r
was 1 ug and tapering, imt unlike a radish.
ifc .1 ,1 1 fc 1 111 1
It was a thist c. 1 tasted it it was palatab e
and nutritious. My appetite craved it. and
,1
the first meal in fiiur day was made on thistle-
rtotK Ku.eka 1 liad found foxl. No
optical iUu-i-m 'letx'ived me this time 1
could sultt-iM until 1 rejained my eimpaniona
HI irious Cuuntcrii-e to th wretchedness of
the preeediu half-lour
Overjoyed at this discovery, with hunger
allayed, 1 stretched myself under a tree, i.p
on ttie foiiajrc which had partially filled a
f-pace Itctaeen ejntiuous trunks, and fell
asleep. How long I Mept I know not but
suddenly I was r -used by a loud, sbrili
scream, like r'lat uf a bumau being in distreK,
poured, socminly, inta te very portals ol my
ear. There was no niftuking that fearful
voice. I had hjen decened h aod answered
it a d izen time- while threading the forest,
witb. tbe bene! that it was a hienuly tignal.
It was tne screech oi a mountain lion, so
alarmingly near as ta cai'se every nerve to 1
thrill witb terror. To ytll in return, seizo 1
with cjmuh-irc grasp the limb of the friendly
tree, and swing uiyr-elf into it, was tbe work
ofa moment. Scrambling; hurriedly from
limb to limb, I was soon as near the top as
safety would permit. The savage beast was
snufung and grow ing below, apparently on
the very Bpot 1 bad jutt abandoned. I an
swered ctcry growl u ith a responsive scream.
Terrified at tbe delay and pawing of the beast,
1 increased my voice to its utmost volume,
broke branches from the limbs, and. in the
im potency of fright, madly hurled them at
the spot whence the cjntinued bowling pro-
ceeueu.
Failing to alarm tbc animal, which now 1
began to make tbc circuit of tbe tree, as if to
select a spot for springing into it, 1 shook,
with a strength increased by terror, tbe slen
der trunk until every limb rustled with the
motion. All in vain. Tbe terrible creature
pursued his walk around the tree, lashing
tbe ground with his tall, and prolonging hu
howltngs almost to a roar. It was to dark to
eire, but the movements of the lion kept me
apprised of i ts rositiun. M henever I beard
it on one side of the tree I speedily changed
to tbe opposite nn exercise which, in my
weakened state, 1 could only hare performed
under the impulse of terror. I would al
ternately sweat and thrill with horror at the
thought of being torn t j pieces and devoured
by this formidable monster. All my attempts
to frighten it seemed unavailing. Dishearten
ed at its persistency, and expecting every mo
ment it would take ttie deadly bap, I tried
to eolle t my thoughts, and prepare for the
fatal encounter which I knew must result.
Ju: at this moment it occurrtd to mc that I
would try silence, (.'lasting the trunk of
the tree witli both arms, 1 sat perfectly still
The lion, at this time ranging round, oc
casionally snumng and puuuug. and all the
white filling tbe forest with tbc echo of his 1
howling, suddenly imitated my example. 1
This silence was more tcm'lo U possible,
than the clatter and crash of his movements
through the brushv-ood, fur now I did not
know lrom what direction to expect hi- at
tack. Moments pushed with me like hours.
After a lapseoi'time which I cannot estimate,
the beast gave a spring into tbe thicket and
ran screaming into tne forest. My deliver
ance was effected.
Had strength permitted, I should ljave
retained my perch'till daylight, but with the
consciousness of escape from tbc jaws of tbe
ferocious brute came a Fense of overpowering
weakness which almost pal-ied me, und made
my descent from the tree both difficult and
dangerous. Incredible as a may teem, I lay
donn in my old bead, and was soon lost in a
slumber so profound that I did not awake
until after daylight. The experience of the
night heemed like a terrible dream but the
broken limbs wbich in tbc agony of conster
nation 1 nad thrown from the tree, and the
rifts made in the fallen foliage by my visitant
in his circumainbulaiians were too convinc
ing evidences of its reality.
(roiweonuccea.j
Nilssox -toillettea arc announced by
Huston critics to be remarkably beautiful.
Her Lucia dress is of the most dclicato peach
blossom colored silk. In the shade it was
decided pink, and, in tho full blaze of the
footlights it poled t-i almost white. The
front breadth was literally ooxcrcd with
flounces ot point lace, and a deep flounce
went around the train Tho corsage was
heart-shaped, and Clled to the throat with a
white tulle tucker. Her ornaments were
diamonds, and they erorkled from the dainty
j-j.-L.ji-. t tv.i
e- auu u-mm irum mo i..rua urn uiC
lorcnei umeuc toe nas worn wasioconc,
A petticoat of ekyblce silk was trimmed with
e liter jriuu -uu iuno ul cant- u.uiu, iwinv-u
which were brilliant buttons. Tbe trianof
black velvet was looped at tho side bj silver
nod cord tassels. The tight-fitting velvet
bodice was fastened with diamond button.",
and the wrist were finished with deep culls
of point lace. A coquettish pay hat, with a
long blue plume, wag ect jauntily on the
frizzled masa of golden hair. It wa the very
perfection ofa totletto.
Gleanings from the Correspondents.
At a wedding reception at New York, the
other evening, a yonng lady unfortunately
tainted. Grand confusion, o! course, and an
immediate ruh of four anxious admirers to
remove the deiiris. In their confusion they
attempted to convey the young lady up stairs
feet foremost, whereat, her wnse of propriety
being strong, the immediately "came to."
Like the troops of Hannibal in the plain
of Capua, the (ierman army or occupation in
Champagne, lived luxuriously offthefpoils
of the enemy, though the result showed that
a Teuton can stand more Mrong drink with
out becoming demoralized, than a Cartha
ginian could. During the past year, this oc
cupying force lm consumed "no ct than
250,000 bottles of the famous vintage oi
tnat country. Of ibat quantity, ithcima
su pi died 1.884,000 bottles Kpernay, 4?r
--t-"-
hen Kossuth came to this country, ecry
Th k. i
yjung man was anven to cultivate a mus
IT toa" L"' a ,u",u
caught upat the tide. In the present crMa,
the young men have generally more com
mendable whiskers than Duke Aiexis ha-
So the only thing is tololbw him in the mat-
ter ofa hat. which is a nlum-colored beaver.
trimmed with velvet a shade darker, in se?r-
.1 f I 1. .l 1
ui iuiuh, saaopu icainers. ana an aicrewe ut
the side.
The Providence Journal desires en ere ut.
ishmect upon the so-called leniin 4ige;ier
als.1' It thinks their dures hae becnet'fl
cieotly punished, while they areuch sim
pletons that punhmc.'it will have no reform
ing or warning effect upon them. But th.'
i in posters who get the money of Irish cham
bermaids and spend some of it in gunpowdt r
and most of it in champagne and oyster, ana
steal a few muskets and call thenselves gen
erals and colonels and captains, and born
down houses and steal cattle and frighten
women and children in thejUritish provui--
all as the means of liberating Ireland fro. 1 1
the yoke of Great Britain, should b i id t
Nme account."
Crace Greenwood wrtes froai Like
C,t.v "Many Mormon wurs are m-ics, a.i 1
11 881(1 theJ Set aKmK lu,te harmoi.iouy.
The very women seem- to be
-,hDged here, and turned upeide down and
inK,deout An intelligent 'first wife told
ycntile neighbor that the only wicked let tin,'
hhe nad ftboat her hut,hand taking a iccnd
w:te wa8 th a !t lice Mf ,"tL'r- v
wanted him. or rather a share in him. :e
would have liked to have the property Ice t
in the family. 1 saw, the other day a pair f
young wives, sisters, walking hand-in-hnpJ,
dressed alike in every particular, of the -au.o
height and complexion, and of the apptrciit
age indeed, looking so exactly alike that it
was almost a case of mitigated bigamy. It
muM seem queer, even to them, to say 'our
husband,' as they used t3 say mr piano, 1 r
our pony.'
It is not safe to ofler a pr.'t against
slang any more, since, s. ner or later, all
wbo indulge can quote elaiwie authm ity 1 r
their peculiar idioms. The hngln-h bi-h
of Lincoln has just got at the tirht u-eof the
Word 'fquare." meaning honest and hon r
able. Mmooidcs, an old Creek poet, wa- ti e
man who was guilty of the fiit often, wl e i
he described a good and win: mana"nijO!ire
and without reproach." Instead of cutting
his acquaintance. Plato and Aristotle prait- -J
him for the expression, but times haw cha tii
cd since then.
An ingenious ParinMi photographer
got into difficulty. He collected all the t k
cures he could lay ht.- hands on of hideon
looking women, aad la Med them with thr
names of the 'petroleum women' of th Com
mune. They had an immense sale, until a
gentleman who waJ caerly collecting tfie-n
tor souvenirs wa i tarried by finding iu w ut
them an accurate portrait of hir. own moth' r-in-!aw.
A row cnsucd.and the jthotograpliT
is now in cuei jdy.
One of the itinerant politicians TiU"
wa-reccaUy addremB a orowd of ncsr.,
AaM-Jbo M c,identlynot Ik-co H-h
ed hy Na-hv. or cl had taken one of ,f

by V confusing mixtures before the nicettn;
Prompted by a local light at hii t.'i' wo 1
v i .i 1
thought he knew the ropes, t!ic cpeakei ei.d
K Hr.
MY iriUIlw, juu uau unuu iciiu' iivan
you nave baa a rer
eminent for the past two ears, and what f
it given you 'Nutlim Ruthin 1 taxf-'
taxe' tajes1" cllcd a hundrtd nrrf
'My friends you do nt understand mv qu' -tion.
it has guen you lib -rty and lib n m
c!ioj1s "Hi1 hi' dat'uM."
A weddin lately to-ik place a: Nc!un
which has been a g'KHi while maturing
Tnirty-pcven years ago the groom took uu' a
license to marry his present bride, b it tor
some reawn tlie negotiations were not at
that tune carried into cficct. -.iu e then tl
bride has loft two huhhardr. and the pro -ii
one wife. l)efore reaching a point when t!an
ould me the old license or get a new oi.o
Brigham oung. as seen by (Irace (ircti
wood, is a wcl!-drewed, dignified uld gentle
man, with a rale, mild face, n char, g-av
eye, a pleasant Bmilc. a courte us addrc,
and withal a patriarchal paternal ai-. which
of course he cmes rifilitlv bv.
Mr. Weaver tending a -jbink-aiill in
Michigan finding the tires coming towards
him, dug himself a well, filled it with water
and covered it with four-inch planking,
ing'saturated the ground with water. As bo
said- Hie kalkerlated it would lc tech and
go, but it was the bet he could do." When
the fire reached the mill he jumped into the
well and drew the planki t igether over his
bead. The smoke poured down upon him.
and his den was so hot that he could hartley
breathe; the planks above him took fire, but
he put them out by dashing water on them
witb his hands, the water in which he was
standing became uncomfortably warm, but
be could not help himself, and busied him
sel by makingobservations as to the pro
gress of the fire After it had pasr-ci by he
wm obliged to wait two days for tbe ground
to cool, before he could pick his way to the
nearest village in crder to get something to
cat.
Women and Politics.
The advocates of what arc called woman's
rights demand that women shall he admitted
j to all the political or other tunc lions at pre
j cnt discharged solely by men. It is objected
that various grave inconveniences, aiising
I uut of the mere fact of sexual difference,
I would follow such a c hangc that women
I themselves would be lasers by it in many
t respects, and that the !x-st of them wuuid
suffer in their purity and refinement by leing
mixed up in some of .nun's avocations. T
i this the answer is, that the introduce m of
woman as an active participant will purify
j politics, transform trade, and reform society
'generally. Woman, being ih. better ck-
metii, will put down the wor-c c.i merit ah
soon as she gets fair play,
i Allowing that the ma?s of female morality
in thi or any other cmntry is lar hcyoml the
mass of male morality (a proposition whieh
is by no means an axiom, and might be made
tbe theme of much discussion), it des not at
ail follow that the universal combination of
the two forces will-produce an improtenicnt.
When we pour a certain quanity of c gmc
inta a cert un (juanity of wter, wc can tell
exactly what j pi rentage of ulc ,ho our grog
will contain. When wo take a definite pro
portion of culialt and a definite proportion of
gamboge, we can tell proci-ely what shade of
green will be produced by the mixture. Hut
we cannot settle moral combinations before
hand on this tangible and mechanical basi.
An innocent 3 oung man who consorts with
vicious associates is in danger of being cor
rupted by them. Tew parents woull like to
run the chance -f bis converting the others
the experiment would bo too Tiky. On the
other hand, let a vicious boy enter a select
school he may be reformed there, or he may
damage the whole e-tabliabwcnt. Any of us
wbo have bad experience m these matters j
know bow carcliil teachers of first-class
tehoolnarc to weed out their black sheep fur
fear of the barm they may da. It is no: an
absolute question of number. Suppo-o there
ia small tercentaRe of woocn m e-.ee. uf .ce, i.ut at lenStb.
men throughout tho country, and that tho ""d.of ,.u'hen' "elr
wommsre lbTour firet asA.mp.io) mro I W"' chctr- th tho l..nl,r was direct
wumuiwv 1 cd to remove bun. and hn.l .-it. m r.- tho
mnrn than the men, it does
not loiiow tuat
their infuMon into politics or trade will ren
der politic or trade less corrupt. For, in
the lirat place, women are more aristocratic
and exclusive than men and even if ue a--sumo
that this difference is not natural, but a
result of custom and legislation, it-is a ronlt
now so fixed that much time will be necessary
to reverse it. More women than men will
-i.- .t j- i. r-.i:. :,w- --.I
eQr.o. .rem inc u...j i"
rouune o. ous.ncw, aou e..uHu.
female x will have, on the whole, worte
rcnret-enUtivcs in active life than the male
ecx. Secondly, it may well be asked wheth-
er a portion at leaet of thote virtues in which
women are .uppoeed jieculiarly to eseel may i
not le due Ut their freedom from certain
temptations to which men are exposed. A
mouk or a prisoner is incapacitated lrom com
mitting many sins because he cannot obtain
the material and opportunity for them in his
convent or pri-on. A gentleman living on
his mean", be they large or small, has not
the same temptation to fakehood and dishon
esty as a Uwyer (according to tho present
standard of lawyers), a shopkeeper, a toek
broker, an editor, a member of Congress, or
a professional politician of any kind. Throw
women into the political arena, and Home of
the fairest features of their moral superiority
will he expired to a rude and perilous test.
Popular tiff7(l," y Ccr! Benson, it
Galcrtf fr ?arcmh.r.
A Fish Story.
In the n nthcrn pnrt of the State of New
York i a country ta;crn pleasantly fituated
on a hillside, fnmtmg upon a little valley,
through whieh flows u htream that for all
years I.;. been ncicd n a famous resort for
tr nit. Tne UndKird f thu tnern is one of
tiioc favorable tpei-iiiicns of his calling, who
f min-lc a gcninl hospitality with
carc"0f the cots and jhi-nw n
ail toeir
complai-
Isanthpnt tiiat
t-ometinirp cntu
iigrccs, sometimes raiiuiy.
w-tu-ally, but always agrees
will: nil that t'jeir gtu-tswu.
Knowing t'ila f-c aiiarity oi Itonfacc, one
Lftbemcmb.r of the Walton Club, who,
wiib a C'MujariKi:!, -h wbifping the htrcams
ir. the iciiuty, ar.J who tapped at the ht
tltrv f r the ing!.t with h's eniipauiji), la d
1 a .:!er with him that lie t-ml t tell men
ttorv that the 1 mol ml fh n fu-c 1 1 agree
I.
win in awcriion-.
A feci suiUrtr the two a-hcruicn 1
eated
themselves upon ti.t pii.v.i, baned haeli
thcgie.it nrmchaii-', and, being joined
bv
the 1 in-do'.d. the t e t k up hi- parable
LtnJioid, t!.at h a vtr fine ttuut stream
u"W.i 1:1 t:,L- vil!ey." Ye, Mr." icj 'led the
latiulord, you may well fay so. f'- a great
nunifei tii hne troot have lK.en taken iheie,
and tin ik, re a gieat many kit yet
1 Year- ooatinucd tfie cp wt-man,
bed a v.jniitrli.i eijcrietice there, I went
J mi early in the uu.nuj.g (an excellent
('me ii r Mi, s..id t1 e lar.iilord and throw
ing -jiy tly up t'te broken water, .t it ut tV
fimt el a rill, large trout 1 iik.e-l the lly
li m the snell, almost bel e 1 kt.cw that he
had stiuek. A v-.ry coinm-di tiling, gentle
men, said the Iandloru, they otttn Jo that if
thtT.'i-M'l gvidsi?-.) I tiTccUcl 1 iat iie
w.'s vry l.'ige, and t'mt I sho'd no: tie able
to till' h:iu wi'Ii t'ie taslei'tat I liad (Nj
o denary polt ani line wi.l bold the large
l trout, sa.-J ttic land! nd s.i I went and got
a bed cord lor a ..ie, (there n (thing saltr
to I10H a lar" trout, than a U i-or 1 w ai the
eo:isnicntm and g- ing un to the blacksmith
I had rum ferge me a hook a1 cut trie tiic id
that on an tx chain. ory jrojer, and
lea! the only safe h ot lor t'ie large kind.
1 roke in the landluni.) then t;'irg to a
irund, I giit a largo tact uf salt i-rk lor a
b,ut. (It is surprising. sa:d the hmdl rd.
how faid the large kind 1- of ai: jMtrk 1
was thus well provided f r the e
Throwing my h- ok into the watf. w ir
suntlvs;- jbyttieVrn.t f i.rtu
1 aonishin' (link, sh:J ii 1 1 1 i I
foun that it wis i.' 1
lit:.). (no one 11111,
t: s. 'arge ti-h.)
do, until I'otiein
str uai, 1 t k u
brie and fai. -c
t le -tutap
it over. (N 1
the big kiti'' -L
Kjkmg o
tue abou
sailor"- h 1
a hal.
tough ur
f r ttie si
ash held.
ghdUbV
tii. 1 .w
J Hid! I 1 1
i
1
diTtd ho
a: d J -.ab
-t 1 'i
i- t' 1 ban
taid Hit i
I. ft l-.ii: o
iiou- at.
tl e lan.it
f lorn ai
1 it.
I
V
at I ir'c mi
.'ur :rv!;ii t.
a 1 r.d "I I
t!.i
to- I 1
1 n
t 1
1 if r in
1 c 1.
N w I rl.tnd li
ai oth' r of th
Ib.Llll
t .lit' to
I'
a" invented a i.rn.
n r f 10 laii 1 1
-.ij i mill -hf tin.o
ifter It ni'v d
l.d
1 1
1 r
ILL- Uj:
1
b 1
Weil
urt J ai.l kr.igt
en ugh f'-r the
tutn'.ty ot l.ui'' 1
n't d iitu i.t k1
tl it ni m u. r
and tan lecp t'
st' king i pwi!
ventionn. 11 it
surrender ls'
t lu nltcd irstiii.
tic liumt. n wr!
cd bv nunv city
w i. i h- Ic su'!i.'icn: r
.r r. ia w. men arc
i ;'"e tiet.o.wiry nd, utiit-t
i 1
pcrfu t m ie1 1 1 f iorm
artcri on uvA hcir
rtm: to onv new in
11 1Ulk ak i:t to
,-tcr an I and
it. Jilth'piijb llic elas-
tl el 1
11 k,e hn- iVtn ad pt
'heiree b rn and un
irv ,:u is. click t 1 tl.c twine
imenttjiiu.1 u ir
at.d tare, mm tt. r s'r.ng- s ane ccn using
i. a ti'- tlic prim m-- of ctraw. Wc
wni have ti"iie ut v new fashioned hip at
tachment gearing ::c tru, tj oir an-
i cicnt tics. It i" :i li-.- t aajlt upn our
uwlization a ikv ituntd ar ur gartered
rigiits ai.d t it it win! 3 we have
a leg tr stand un. L.ii.c, he true ta you
stocking, fnffil tin t inner of tSe garter,
at.d inscribe upm it :'.c srrand m lit of t'ie
grandest ordi r ut knijr'.ti.ood ever est iblished,
Jhmt roil vt.tn'iyK, ,qnd there if! not a
man, jitun r old. jn ,-,;iiia hut will rally
1 round tl.c II ig. ana td hirf Iftt drop of
hb.od in dfleiif 1 I t;.. girter rights of wo
man, and cry. 1-own With the Vnnkce Ue-
I mocracy Rirkmoi npure.
The great pruk-s- ri whu cm face the fiat-
Icry of a thuirard ty? directed to them on 1
tbc rottrut.t :irc f.e u. n:y the twt diffident
ot men I.in taken .m.-v ta iu tlieir regular
Hphereidl.bor. Ti.tr wai Pn'csjr Atoun. I
wlni W.lF t I tltllli tn ik
p ii lur nn wiie.
When .Line I. u:lv ViN
suggested to aim
that lcliire 'ie cmld iiivc ber absolute con-
Ki.t it would be neci-tftry that he ehould ob
tain her father V up r v;; j yu muct siieak
for m,'" Paid the ftutur f,ir I ctiuld not
huotmon courage Ut ,ik t' tho Profefwr on
this Mibjtet." "PupA ix in the library," said
t'ie lud. 4Thcn uu lud Itcttcrgotohim,"
said the suitor ".tnd 1'ii wait till you re
turn." T:jc lady proee -ded to the library
a:d, tnking her fither a fleer innately by the
hand, mentiun'Ni that l'r lfwor Ay wun bad
ankcd ber in inurruigc. fie added "Shall
I accept li.e offer. Papa be is so diffident
that he wun'tupeslc toyuuu'Mut it himself.
'Then vie mu.-t deal tenderly with hit feel
ings," said the hearty old Chritftttphcr North.
4I'll write my reply on a slip ot paper, and
pin it to your (rack." Papa' answer is on
the back of ray drctf," said Mi"? Jane, as
a tie entered the d ra wiogroom Tu rn i n
round, the delighted euitor rcail theec vrordi".
Wrth the author's compliments."
Coi al A elcrgjman relates, in the
Satwnal Baptist, the following incident: A
parrot belonging to some friend 1 of mino was
generally taken out of the room when the
family assembled for prayere, lor fear he
iiiibt take it into bin head to join irreverent
ly in the responses. One evening however
hi presence happened to be unnoticed, and
he was entirely forgotten. For some time he
.-.ii- i T.h;
vwi Muu iiiiii,nUt:u un; oiru, Ttcruans tttink-
lietter anolociv, called out, 4sorrv I snnk
The over power ing effect on the company moy
I c m.rc easily imagined than described.
xa 10 -nI0. V toe I rtbune, saw the
-Li J u",nP t the
ru., a Bnppi u.o. on laem. nccaughi
it on Ibe bcttom riiwl 1. od ith the
fc,,,,,.! ,g.olt Bu breast, and walked off
tbe wagon, twelve fret. It welched
iui pounds. Tbe raau then effered to bet
cnQ that be could lift and carrv a O00rwM-rr!
jje is about five feet tea or eleven inches high,
weighs fC0 pounds, built like a Hercules, and
about thirty-tiht years old.
BURLINGTON, VT., FRIDAY
Froth.
Another instalment of Chicagi cow poet-
Thi" Is the cow with tLe crumpled horn
That waxed" Mrs Leary tut in tho barn
0nIsktenstreetln(.'BlO;
That kicked ths lamp with one foil Mow,
Into the hay, and emitted a k'o
That damaged the prospects ci hroiew.
The Chicago Pes! doesn't glvo up the cow,
as observe.
"There was a bovine of Chiesco,
Rhemade np her mind to leslanr gc;
This wicked old tramp
Klckedorera lanp.
Aa4 away on the winds went Cniciso
An epitaph on a Vermont tombrtone read
Oh fatal snn, why was itblin
Thst jouiamtklllsodeadt
Why einW 3 on net have mh?-t your aim,
And fired above hts Lead?
The Chieago Post has let loose its machine
wet, and behold the result
K ins: V7f 1' lam save a thousand thals-f
With this small fain he only Can
Relieve about a hniilred fuffirers.
lleranse nine thalert sake a man.
Sometimes 30U think 3 on will ami sors times cot,
go marr
Now nsht now wrong It seeau, a aefaeler to tarry.
You ask me whit to dv Adopt jour father' plan,
sir,
l)ki&t marry at all stsy fret
acsirer.
aad now yea ba?e ay
A great scientific Professor owing to 4an
eent" in his family, went daft on the eul
ieet ot babies, and attempted t compose a
cradle song with the following deplorable
re-u!t
Sing a sons of
Base ana clkaJF.
Fourand-tweoty ciMi
Bssed Into a pie.
When tbe pie was operet
Won lerol t say,
Oxveec and nttrosea
IV, th flew away.
Trtlobitr, Urapto.ite,
Nmtllus pie.
Seas were calcareous
Oceins were dry.
Fiene mioene,
1'ioeene, toff.
Lias and ard triss.
And that is enooh.
Autumn leaves when winter ouies in
U hen a man comes home and tries to bolt
trc door with a sweet pot at), pokes the fire
v r !i the spout of a coffee iot, aT tempt) to
wind up the clck with his boot-jack, trie
1 1 cut kindling for hi) morning tire with a
paper knife, takes a cold potato in hi- nana j
iignc iiim to nea, ana preiers sleeping in j
hi hat and bjots, you may reasonably infer 1
that he has been making the acquaintance ot 1
Kme very friendlv people.
i -u J 1 t 1 r
A Missouri husband whose wife has aprd.- 1
i 7
i d for a divorce, writesa protest to the judge,
in which he eays "Thii dam thing call 1
dcv,e hac. in my opinion, parte! many
man and h.e ife."
1.) nc w gne me uuiiock a qaait oi wnimej
11. ire hreaklatt and. to make chickens lay, j
to ti- tl
I ti
I iC i li I'llO
lurieg
adver-1
de d jwn
r hara' guc-ot
in j "ir 1 t-v pi t
g rt .11 .rk t1 i Ibiniig
ilding. iv rt I 1 'ii1 "p 1
i -Xi--il iU t u in wh h
"'i .irk. hi tr,ol t'ej
iry d -w in..r i.
j tnir-'j Af 1 i 1. r
Lit r g
1 1 1
1 hi r
1
hu n 1'
a rued II- 1
b
1
in tht n iIi I 1
w 1 t
1
:i 1,1 1 'ht-
t 1 !-1 k 1 1.

U.n-r, t-1
"M7- I 'XI I.
i 'ti'.: t a-
.-ii t wli -I
F tr,,. L 1 1 I
H iu
I r, t
l-Lfd
i,ly
1' I
It.,-,
.I:n, t
-r- i
lllfU,
I'll
1 K 1 it r 1
'asbtitie I l -tulcnt
an 1
1 f;
v i'ar
I '1
rrt-Pp
.h t n
i n t,. eiiiiun the p.rl i' it s t-'.f, as
I 1 n I.- h ibirit's irr, tej rn 1 j ra-ivertun.'
II .-J,''i,,""'(.'cif,en-. 1' pi i'' I n
1 1 T rin t'ie L'ii,iC 2 ti tr- rt ri e
1 i'i 1 1 in l'ir t ii-u 1-
I i' t is ini f-If I iw r jirre' ut, t
in t-. ant n'i'lrj t s! evtr!
I "j 11 -a msii i t b w ri 1 Mt-uie.l i
i mi t I th-- L ia j 1 a gar 1 k
r fi r. I tt'ir, t an she w. 1 I y r.
rr,- wa wil er h"r f.'ri I it Is wci
.g' w I er iinsge 1 in I.t, ft i''-
1.' 1- ii an 1 her L r 1 u 1 r tw ji-i-s vi
t'
:aFn. uai ie re-i rt t,n tii" u evsr
-p itrr fr ,'ient m r thin fifrj t,; .ur"
1" ra at 1 wi th wai'mg t i'ithi 7 ri f
,(r 1 r t'1 wii'v rr artee. ani t p t:
n f r t I. I irto r tbf vjir ws i:i-'.i i i
ir epe 11 r rioturehuag -o 1 1 tf
t. 1 fcuJ r in 1 the fitit- pirl t r, re o 1
1 1 tl.sn the e aipris li it w 1 1 i the eLij rer
v 1 -v i t rei,rn 'n Ihe ti r- urge rr
1, in s'.e leiD unti at her j -t, at hvr t t 1
t hi lifi::ie!,anl Ir'ient hi:i a were wrjt up
t "her 'n their lioafehol I gf Is or thtir put i! .ti -11
'i Mrs Ti.e U:k i t-I t eauty thtrefiic
-'i'it up hr kiisjue, ar I vthpn tlu' f -e was
ti wi.Lt to Mft2 Ti.eu there is a Mark 1."
tie'' histury he csaie ick after the c jejoju' r.
i is d w Lit n. rer.t ,er post. I ir.et brr itn
oi'it dy, ani we hal a nc and mterctiijz
convtTt'St n 'n- Vol 1 me eiif ws bom m
Spain of irOch nii'ther h,iI Cprraian father,
tbushav-Dg three naturVitiet tfhe appears to
have had do other aim ia keeping a paper tttnd
beyon 1 making acqaaiutaoces sod patdng her
self in the market for marriage for her virtue 1
ia conceded. She is now, as she bis been for two
years, e'udying music, aad the says with fine
progress. It is her ultimate intent unto go on
the stage, if marruge does not give aer all the
luxury she dreams of. She told me she had bad
many oSere for her hand, anong them a formal
proportion from a Raw ian nobleman worth
4, 000,t 100 francs.
Why didn't you marry him?" 1
He was too old sixty-Eve years of age. I 1
am cot going to lose myself on a bei'liard. I
want a jtune Aomne.
She is now about nineteen years of age, with
long, black, beautiful, luttreus hair, blsck al-
mond eyts, pearl, dark ocmpleiioc, tinged with
color, full eyebrows and evelasbee, aad a lor civ
figure, not large not too full, but nearer to tbe
sculptor's ideal than one will often find cn the 1
boulevard. She will yet marry me old man,
sun uik mm uiuerame ana nerfeix too, tuougn 1
anything short of such a denouement would not 1
be dramatic enough for thegcesir..
Alice Cart's Oslt Love. In the profound
eat fense Alice Cary never loved but ctice. The
man whom she loved js ttill alive; yet gortip,
with ita keenest scent, has never found or
ntmcd him. With all her fullness 0! affection.
hers wss an eclectto and soliUry soul He who
ny tne very aient or bis being was mire to her
man any otner mortal could be, might pass from
ner me, uut no otner cauld ever take bis place
A proud and prosperous family brought all their
pride and power to bear on a aoa to prevent his
mrrynga girl uneJucated, rustic end poor.
I waited for ons who never came back," she
and. Yet I believed he would come till I
read in a paper hu marriage to another. Can
you think what life would be, loving one, wait
ing for one who would never com?' lie did
rtcaeat last. Istwhim. His wife bid died.
Alice was dying. The gray-haired woman. Life
ba 1 dealt prosperously with bin, as it is wont
with men Suffering ani deith had tken all
from her sate the losterof her wondrous eyes.
From her wan and waited ftcc they shone upon
him fall of Undernefi and youth. Thus they
met with life behind them they who parted
plighted lovers when life was young. He was
the mm whom he forgave for her blighted and
weary life, with a smile of parting as divine as
ever lit the face of a woman Mary Clemmer
Jimrx in Ind'jttndent.
IIdxlet UroN pibittjali9ii. Iluiley, the
English philosopher, has a decidedly poor opin
ion of spiritutlipm. Being invited, a while ago,
to asMtt at the iavestigatioa of the performances
ofa medium, he respond el sharply as follows
I reret that I am unable to accept the invite
tiouof the Dialectical society to co-operate with
a committee for the investigation of spiritual
itra," and for two re tons. Ia the first place, I
have no time far such an Inquiry, which woull
involve much trouble and (unless it were unlike
all inquiries of that kind I have Lcown) much
annoyance In the second plt, I take no ic
terest in tbe subject. The only case of 'spirit
ualism I have hd tbe opportunity of
examining into for myself, w5 as groM su im
posture aa ever came under my notice. Hut
supposing the phenomena to te genuine they
do not interest me. If anybody would endow
old women aad curates in the nearest cathedral
town, I shguld decline the privilege, having bet-
tcr things to do. And if the folks in tbe spirit, i
ual world dj not talk more wisely and sentibly
than their friends report them to do, I put them
in the same category. The only good that I eta
tee in a demonstration of the truth of spirit-
ualism" is to furnish an additional argumeot
tgainet suicide. BetUr live a crowing sweeper
than to die and be made to talk twaddle to a
medium" hired at a guinea a season. I
MORNING, NOVEMBER
I ITEItARV NOTE.
The Fight tt Dame Europe's School hss been
tracslatri into the Indiiu dialect Mat rat hi.
Accther Life cf Christ is oat la England.
This lime it is Ecce Mcft'tis
A new book frcm Mirs M clock. Hsnnib
is EDDConce'l in London.
Louis Mulbich is worrying a Berlin publish
er with a dissgreeibla $1,000 libel suit.
Miss Kellcgg hs started fr a seon of 50
sights in Cali fore ii, for which she gets $20,000
and her evpenies.
A beautiful corrected edition of "ilryaot's
Poems hss jutt been published. It includes
several pieces that hive not before been known.
Jchn Forfter's life cf Charles liskeng i
nearly revdy far theprees, and will be published
simultaneously in London and Phtlvlelpbit.
Walt Whitman will give public readings, this
season, cf his poems If his delivery is as fan
tastic as hi matter, they will be worth attend
ing. It seems that Mrs. Slows is'to eoctlaue My
Wife and P m a sequel to l ealleI ltecords
of au UofashioDihle Street."
The librarian of the Congressional Library is
making heavy purchases of valuable books now
being told in London.
A volume cf poems, by Miss Nettie
Power Houston, daughter of the late (Jot. Hous
ton of Texas, i iu the press of Turnout! Broth
ers of Baltimore.
Col. C bet Ley, the author of the bttIeof D.)ik
ing, is ihe most tUv-cesafal author of hu time, as
tbeievrnth huudrnl thousand of bis work is
now tehicg iu Koglan
The Saturday Kevwir wys of Pink and
Vtbile lyrancy." On the whoe Mrs. S to we
appeard to us lo hive committel the meet fatal
sin of a r.oveu-r, that cf being distinctly dull.'
Of our American poets, Bryant is now one of
the old tt, but Richard II. Dtoa, Sr., ;s 10 years
older, hiving been hen in l&e1! Mr. Eoereon
was born. May ISO.", 10 Beaton; Mr. LoDg
fellow wsk bom in Portland, February 27, 1S07.
On the ruatertil t.le he is deteended from John
Alden. wh laian-ry achievements te hss cele
brated 10 lhe urtabip cf Miles Standieh.
Uf graduate! at Bjtrio.a cultege iolP'Jo. having
(ur u'rtssn'ateo N i'j IUwtboxe, Fraskliu
Pierce, and .Ihn. Abbott. Mr. Whittier
nas b ro near HsTtrhill in ISoti He spent his
youth on hi lather's farm, nd to 180 became
editrof j. taritl papt r m Boston. la liter life
he edited a paper at Htrt!ri, succeeding
George I Prct.it In 140 he removed to
Aaieeburv, w.'.-re he hut s.u?e uvea, tin xirst
hxjk.
Letml 1 1 New htiftlacd m Prote and
virse.
as nuhl.thed in Ibo!. William El!e-
rv P-bauniDg was bDrn id Bos-ton in 1818: James
Bussed Lofil vas born at Cambridge, Febru-
ary 181't, and Krluetd at Harvard in
INS Ur IMUcd was born at Btlcbertown ia
r t D
lHp.i; Bayard fm1- la ie!ter ouutv. Pa in
JM

The l.br.ry ,i l''"att .b- hionui. coic-
pruiog from toOW to.ois-.. w.olfied
le a. Brown and other
jimM Rutil Ljil
hookMlIeii
Mr- Lewes (tit. rge Elliott) whose stories of
m M ti.
I q? t i'-ovilcu! life have given ls so clear ao

msigSt i.t the tr.alf. needs and smuggles of
thf w. r 1 lasse-t i.f Ki.fIu.Dd. in about nu-
rk. wh.ch it s sail will, like
,e f u ani Felit Holt,"
ake the view-point of tbe la
leir resistance to capitalist ty
1 1 Mtddlemaich."
i fm .y none remain 10 Coc
Mawth' rr.c is about removing
New Means, where be bs
ion ot c vil engineer. Hi
new ti:og in Laoioo, was
voung American, acd will
a is country, ai her sisrer
a 10 is much oat of health,
ii to their old borne.
was t-specially grievous cn
i- Urerary men of tbst city,
inted to fr.OOO.OOt) per ea
usual to circulate from Chi-
a subscription book. Cbi
-tble public and private li-
1.
i.i.j I'
-hrary alone contained
'ame, inclndirg a Dibdm j
I tx tne finest 10 tbe j

y i sw by the Commune 1
arira in Pans were tbe
s s Miliary ot rlorence,
n ciany cf the liter years 1
1 4 I
1 h wa- about 10 pata to the
s U'anc's Misoryof tbe t
entury." which every one
1-eenarich fund of Mogra-
1 e an 1 reminiscence Both
ti hft to rrr.rwluce tbeee 1

,r l orni-nin
t 'has of Soott
i-D.wd of
f -ott's nature, to my think-
1 heroic spin:, ibat trumpet
wh eh elevate! eveu common-
d stirred the heart of all thtt
an generous amonst u. It
x tualcur realism aod Miss
s r
-detective po i:e literalure and This numlwr i aid o be relucnl ti about 6rt,-iisai-e
To s was the tone I 00(1 now. and this number is being reduced by
irai-ei ani remembered, aad I tbe abundance of work and co.i warn naiJ.
Me how little it was touched on.
t.te tatt a gentleman exertion
a km.t f infer or-, was the sort of
hriuzat to bear upon whole
It t ut there was i least ene
-him nothmg mean, or low, ur 1
1 i ft u 'ered
tl a' v
T'ie L
ridsajs thit, though the num- 1
t s in the c jut try is net materially 1
:t w. tbrte years ago, the Dumber I
ha mcressed full 10 per cent,
tl
!es at h.vls have diminished. Tbere
s-c 1' In h&lf a ill zea periodical in the coun
try v 1 irculte L' .0,1 k 1 to VH) copies cf
pt-'-, Tb.s rcrease in the n amber and
I iir ineof per .0 boa's is sj disprcponionate to
tht- lncrtase iu the number of readers, that the
popular t&i'r rnt:t bav changed. Dal the
market is t li'r'e 'ivt-rstDckeil with rot ga lines
ju-t DiW
Thi Spriupf.f' 1 R. i i!l. an rays: Lippin-
co't v o hate ir-preparation a volume of
pjtms ny 1 ul It
IUaeof Augu.ti.Ga., and
rue by Julia 11 Dorr, a frequent contributor
to tbe cisaxir.e-, but not, like tbe ether author
named, a mhr a Mrt. Dorr has written
tome very groetul verses and stories.
Ihe etliicr of the Oxfort, (Me.) Democrat
rtcent'y visited 1. m Vale Cemetery, where re
pose th remains of tbe late Artemus Ward. tn
a ctat marble slib at the head of his grave, ie
this iavriptiyu
Ri-t l-'V'U uas, re
t'iiAHLEl F. BROWN,
tniwo to th world as
Art a us Ward,
In South Hampton. Ear.,
Uurch 6, 1 er.
Aft .rtvrs
lliti ncuiury t.'i. ca neetanl unfad nr raeol-
Iotloa,
Hanthorr.eN pettbamou novil wnl le pub. I
iisoea in tne .:;ijt.uc.
1
JorcavArrLwiFbThe first reliable trace
of ourmcdest hero finds him in the Territory of
Ohio, in 1601. with a horse-load of aprfc-sml.
whiffh ni.nMl in T.r,.-,. -j.-. i aL.,t
the borders of Licking Creek, the first orchard
thus originated l-y hn being on the firm of
Isaac Staddeu, m what is known as Licking
County, in th sute of Ohio. During the five
succeeding years, although he was undoubtedly
following the ame strange occupation, we have
no authentic acci not of his movements until we
reach a p'easant spring day in 180(1, when a
pioneer Kettler in Jrfiereon County, Ohio, noticed
a peculiar craft, with a remarked occupant and
a curious crgr, slowly dropping down with the
current of the Ohio River. It was Jnhnuy
Appleseed." by ubioh name Jonathvn riispmau
was afterward kaown in every log-cabia from
the Ohio River to the Northern lakes and west
ward to tbe prairie of wht is now the state of
Indiana. With two cmccs lashed together he
was transporting a loal of applcscedi to the
Western frontier, for the purpose of creating or
chards on the farhertst verge of white settle
mnts. With h'e cmors he paseI down the
Ohio to Marietta, wtere he entered the Musk
ingum, ascending the stream of that river until
be reached tbe mouth cfthe Walhonding, or
White Woman Creek, and till onward, up the
Mohican, into tho Block Fork, to the head of
navigition, in the region now known as Ash
land and Richland ecu n tics, on the line of the
Fittsburg and Fort Wayne Railroad, In Ohio.
A long and toilsome voyage it was, as a glance
at tho map will show, and must hve occupied a
great dt of time, as the lonely traveler stop
ped at every inviting spot to plant the seels and
make hw infant nurseries. Tbese are the first
well-authenticated facta in the history of Jona
than Chapman, whose birth.there is good reason
for believing, occurred in Boaton, Mass., ia 1 775.
Accoidiog to this, which was his own statement
In one of bis less re'icent moods, be was, at the
time of his appearance on Licking Creek, twen-ty-rix
years of age, and whether impelled iu his
eccentricities by eaie absolute misery of tho
heart which could only find relief in incessant
motinn, or governed by a benevolent roocoma-
nia, his whole after-life was devots.l tn th work I
of planting apple-seeds in remote places. The
sdj he gathtttd from the cider-presses ofjlheyare. We shall then be in the line of discov-
vetern lennsvlvania; but his canoe voyag in
1S0C appears to have been theonlyoccisionupon i
which be adopted that method of transporting
them, as all his subsequent journejs were male i
onfoor. Having planted his stock of seeds, he
would return ta Fennsvlvan;a for a fresh sut.
ply, and, as sicks mide of any less cabatantial
fabric would n.t endure th h.r,l n.. f th
long trip through forests dense with under-brush j
aod brierr, be provided himself with leathern
bags. Securely packed, the seeds were convey-
ed, sometimes on the tack cf a bora--, and not
unfrequentlv on his own shoulders, either over
a part tf tbe old Indian trail that led rem Fort l
Daquesne to Detroit, by way of Fort Saodnaky,
cr over what is styled, fn tbe appendix to M Hut-
17, 1871.
Count v; Clerk I
chicss History of Bogaet's kxpedition in 17C1,"
the "second route through the wiheraeti of
Ohio,' which would require him to traverse a
distance of one hundred and sixty-six miles in a
wni-uuiiuwm uirrciion lrom rori iacjueece in
onfer to reach the Black Fork of the Mohicau.
IP. D. Haley in Harper Magazine for .W
rrmoer.
letter from Chicago.
Ciiicaoo, Tlu, Nov. 7, 1871.
Dear Free Prett V Time:
I have had to many questions asked and so
much sympathy expressed for myself acd family
in view of the reports that have gaineJ circula
tion iu Vernyot.that I tske the liberty of asking
theuee of your pip?r to correct the impression
that seems to prevail, that we have been the
losers in the great coorhgration which occurred
October 9th and 10th.
We reached Chicsgo on the 7th of October
about 3 o'clock p. m. and friends took us di
rectly to Mr. Story's hcure on the weat side, one
mile or nearly so from tho western limits of tbe
first fire. We hal an op porta a ty to witness all
we desired of this awful work cf destruction
without feeling any particular dinger, though
there were times when it see rued as though tbe
whole city wis going to be destroyed. I learned
however, the next morning that tbere hal been
a Iire fire.or at lea it in ordinary time) it would
have been so considered, burning stores, ware
houses, dwellings, &c, which covered about
20 a-res, tut what occurred witbia twenty-four
hours puts this fire almost out of the remem
brance cf all but thofe who were the dirtct suf
ferers. Scarcely had we seated ourselves after our re
turn from church on Sunday erening, when the
fire alarm wss again sounded aad again the heav
ens were lit up. I concluded to so and be an eye
witness at lean it l could not reader aeststaace.
The wind was blowing very hard from tbe south 1
east and everything looked as though we must
have another large fire. The wind carried the
sparks toother and still other buildings, to that
in an incredibly short time tbe fire was beyond I
tbe control of the firemen Tbe steam engines
purled and blowed and whiitlei, moving trom
one position to another, but ail seerrel to be of
no avail, the wster having little or no effect in
t tajing the fury cf the Dimes. Street after
street was paved and block after block of these
small wood buildings were consumed until tbe
liver banks were reached. Toe hope was now
entertained that the boon Is ry of the fire nil
been found, but this hope was suoa dispelled, j
Tbe river was leaped and onwird went the
fitmes, enveloping aod nuking up bLck after j
block, not of wood build 10 30 now, bat of those
gigantic structures of maibleaud granite, built
after tbe moet modern improvements of the day,
consider el without question to be fire-proof,
Tbe water works having now beea destroyed,
tbere was but little that could be done except
to pull down a buildiDg here and blow up anoth- i
er there as the destruction increasingly went on.
It is of no ue to attempt a description, in
fot no one cm imi cine the awfulm-M of this I
ttmtUgratirjn, even after bearing or reading aa I
account of tt I remember well the great ore in
f Iu 1 .L .1- 1
J 7 J B.L P"" iav ,s "c
strojed also how tbe country wm stirred when
I 3 t 1 ,,1 t.:..
tbe news of the great fire in Port hod, 31 sine, 1
iBt ilf. mM 1
1 Y
thy for tbe sufferers tjr contributing of our
I submnceXor their relief, tut tncie bear nooom
I parison, nor have we anything on record that
wilt exceed if equal tbu- destruction of pro
perty and life
As I looked and tr ihe rltcics lap up those
I nmstve warehouse a and g aiu e'.evators,
churches, banks ind ether cwilj ed fices, shar
I ing tbe sane fate, while the fal.isr ot the walls
i and the roar of the winds an 1 rltaies was al
t meet deafeoiag, I said to myself what does this
mean Why all this detraction Hss God de
1 tensiael to tske veofemcceon thi wscte-1 and
1 proud city 7 Haw dinVrently this visitation is
interpreted, many looking upon it as a m titer
of chance; snd yt many more believe it to be
seat by God as a judgsaent nut aK ne to Chicago,
for ivhilethe blow falls very heavily 00 1 hvcazo
jet many of our large cities as well as tbe whole
country is more or les) affected by the loss. I
do mott stncare'y bpe Ld pray that net only
our teioved and pnvilvgtd ctuntiy but the
whole world my learn the leK.u designed to be
taoght, feeling ami trembling a wt-11, when
they think tbt the Lord dors mgn iu all the
universe. When we say that t.l'M squares
or more than liJlK) aens were swept by toe rr
morselefs flames in the f pace of Jl bours.i; J.0U0
25.000 boUdtngf. among which were seme of
tww u'"u w e,
clading over fifty eharches. ere utterly dtr-
tT0J ot left in heaps of unsightly rums that
lbe T,lon (t he building Ut w folly
"''.OOO.OOO and their contents at least as mach
more, we are opprewed by the tngaitadeof oar
statements sad really compreheo-l noTh.ng. To
ttusahoalU tje ale-4 tne gteat iuM occa'ionej by
the temporary fuspeosicn ot V.asinevs. and the
again, we tuu&t make mention f the great !os
of life of woich we can make uw cjruru'ttion ta
dollars and rents Again, think ot n.e number
of noor that are maile destitute of homes.
eept as they rent them from moi.th to month.
Not less than Iimi.iihi have Uen thrown upon
thechar.ties of the citv and h- cnantrv a: larre.
Anotter view perhaps will cnvty someihiog of
an idea of the number tt ttn' Jtog destrojed
and ihe bs if property t,r to tine, start
ing at Burtinjton and place nu each de of the
street, buildings ranging viri usly from one
story wooJ to lbe f even story TiiiThle front edi
fice, pising on till jou reac j KaMtnd. a du?-
tance of over sixty miles ami 'tt tbese all be
rilled with goods, warer, merchaniiK ir human
beitgs, and all thie sep: iway id 4 hours,
proper y destroyed and the -nmtes killed or
turne-i cut wun scarcely etmucn to cover
their nakedcesa, at least mny of them, but all
this even dies not convey auy orre ides, of the
matter. YTe may imgine the scene-to be terrible
and yet thai doe-i not expre n it.
bile we have thoughts of the h sses an 1 dis
tress, we find mtay deve'opments that are
cheering Even while devastation u going on
the newi oomes from all Urtets that not only
this country, but the nations wmts ihe water
ate stirred with sympathy and send forward
oou. ciatnmg aad mowy.
crippled, but not destroyed. It is surprising to
see with what vigor they have ctmmeared to re
build and to reconstruct their baines. Many
have turned thetr parlors, basemen's aod even
tht barns, livery ntble, car b'.utes, vc c,
into baoLing hoaes, offices and places of mer
chandise. Others hve erected temporary wood,
buildings one or two stories high snd from to to
200 feet iu length and width varying even as
much while still others hve already nearly
fimebrd large brick houses for the better accom
modation of tbeir extensive business. To the
curious, it will v.ell repay to take a tap here
and tee tbe ruins and then to see the activity
exhibited m the rrsaicitatton of this once beau
tiful city. Tbe oil Sriek ani mcttar and other
debris is being fat moved awiy hy thousand
of men and lei me. founlauons are t-ev&g laid
for Urge and still Irger strustures than before.
and if they are not to be a gorgeous ihey will
I niore subauntial an.1 cirefully cuntrucud.
L J fee J gf"'?? h3 though
1 t"eMI? b"1 Un "J1' P Jijh
hat might be 1 No doubt muh will be
wr,Iltec ths' wi" i"terr't, and yet
volumes will cot exhaust tbe mbject
Oar friends Story Camp weie included
among the sufferers. Their entire stock,amounr
ing to about 30,000 was all destroyed. They
wilt get a good proportion of it back, beinc well
insured. They have already commenced their
business again, using the niriors of Mr. Camp
I for tbeir salesroom and their birn for the store
room. Iwo or three car loads cf goods have
been received. My partner lost t.11 bis stock
and unfortunately was insured in the Chicago
companies which do not naw pronme large per
centage. We expect lo commence basiness at once,
temporarily located, watching au opening for a
nermanent nlacfl of business I hm in.TMtr-1
nothing, an 1 consequently lost uothing except
the less in the derangement ot business. Our
furniture has not vet arrived beinz kept back
with hundreds cf cars, becaute of the imrossi-
bihtj cf caring for the goods that arepressell
into the city at this time, especially the sup
plies for the destitute in addition to ether goods.
I reme.ii ber old Vermont aod particularly tbe
beautiful city and friends who reside in Bur
lington. I have met with many of my Vermont
friends of former days. Quite a number cf
them are occupying prominent and responsible
places in this city.
My residence addms is SDii, West Madison
street, and business address is 103, Cottage
Grove Avenue. I sha'l be glad to hear from my
friends. Respectfully, yours.
U A. FctLEE
Oail Hamilton has brought to a close ber series
of articles for the Independent cn the woman
question. Tbe conclusion of the matter, as she
views it, may be gathered from the following
paragraph
Let us ceas-- to take the wings of tbe morn
ing and fly to tbe uttermost parts of the earth to
find reasons for the existing state of society; but
admit simply and frankly at the outset that
thinzs are where thev are becauae ther are what
ery and advancement. If the equality ofman
and woman is the prcblem of the race, then we
have no data to reascn from. The past is wholly
inconsequent, and the future is bat guesswork.
But if we rehooaish the idea of emi-Iitv. and
substitute for it unity, apprehending the perfect
beioe mancreatel bv (11 male and female,
n,l notift m.n or t. Amn.. then vn the
fighting facts of history cluster into symmetry,
tbe harshest dUcords soften into harmony, and
outof the depths of failure and aoguiah cornea
the certain promise of peace. Locking back
along the progress of the centuries, we find that
women has attain! power and pre-eminence
clmfly in (he realms of the spirit. Men has
subdued the world; but woman baa eubdued
NUMBER 91.
i7'
una, Miod aad muscle hare won his victories;
love an 1 lovelmets have gained hers. No mooj
I arch has been so great, no peasant so lowly that
be has not been glad to lay his best at the feet of
1 a woman, is mere no significance in this T
Does it mean simply that men hate been trained
j to miterial victory, women to spiritual con
I qacstfl 7 Ai well might we adopt the fimous
lueorj inn languigewas invented by a convea-
tion of lesrnel aacieties assembletl for that pur
pose." From the 6L Albacs lleseeasar.
Oar State Finances.
We learn from an examination of fi ures in
the Treasurer's Office that the following hishly
satisfactory condition of our State finances ex
iited on tbe 1st of August, 1S71, at the close of
the fiscal year
Bcsosaccs or tub TBaasuar for thi riaSL
VRIB TO aCscsr I, i-TI.
State bon-a in Treaaury, Sep
tember, iwn 'iU-iloua
Dalaeee ti crealt of Sinila
Fund, r9C,IM SO
Cash in the Treasury, -I,3j8
Kecelved n Taxes, Uncof
Tax cfl-V', v M
On account of Tsx of ISTtt, "&j&t tt
Kecelved Interest aeaauLt on
Taxes overdue, 1
Receired interest aecouat on
casi ttalanees, 6,769 20 6.I Jj
Rece'red for Iaeenses to Ctr-
CUSM. 00
Received Income of Atrieul-
tural t'oQexe Food, 9,i50 to
Received from Foreijfn Ics
sureinee t'ompaaiea, 45 00
Received from Railroads for
Commissioaers Salaries,
etc, '7 75
Received from Couni Clerks. JQ,ua& 91
Received from Judges cf Pro
bate. -1,906 S
ReceivedfrocisaleefStatutes, 1,111 i
Ueeeived from Q it. (jmeral,
for Military atoree sold 137.79 7i
Received from Auiitor for
Laadaold, i'-O 0t
ReeeiTed from fines in liquor
prtweeutions, 101 77
Received from sundry aceoants
overdrawn aad ic&tnded, tSt tV,
$l,01i,'Jsi X
"Embraced in amount paid off and chirked In 1971.
I1H BURS IKES Tii FSOH THE laESSCttY II TBE rtS-
l vcaa E-tDLIO ACt.Cir I, 1-71.
Defeatured of General Aseea'
bly in 170, $tVM 00
raid boldlera' Claims, X'J7 l.i
Tatd Auditor's orders, 227.il I 6"
Pald Uoort orders, 6i C frj
loterekt paid 00 allotment ac
ccunts, 2
Intereet paid tju on Sur
pins rand, a
iLterrst, paid on Temporary
Loans. 16 t7
lot. paid ou Funded Debt, v,6aa w
Msecaate on Tazen, 16,636 VZ
Premianu paid on Coin, att
ot 3,74 2,
Registered Loan cancelled, IJ3,ojO CO
Less amoant of Reg.sUrd
XrfMtttliSned, 136,(1 ai 2,000 00
coepon Bonos pita ana ean
celled,
Amoant to credit of binaine
Fund.
Less amoant borrowed tzr cur
reateipensej, 4710 00
1 77,-319 7.1
-109.1G3 li
6i-
f i,042,2pi X
Balance das on StitaTaxof
uneol.eetad to date,
is, ir.osa 32
In the item of current liibilitm aul resource,
the Treasury is in debt, as compared with last
year, 14,3rJ 34 more than then, which is ex
plained by the fact that daring the year the
funded debt of the State has been reduced from
51,015,500
to the earn of &I7.500
showing an actasl redaction of c49S,OOU
as the outstanding bonis due June 1st, but, are
provided for and traaaferrel to acsouut of cur
rent liabilities, 21,000
which, deducted from the above,
leaves 3-173.500
the amoant charged in tbe Treasurer's aecouat.
The deficiency above referred to is provided
for by temporary loan authorized by the Act of
170.,
Tbe fan led debt of tbe State as it noar stands
will mature as follows
Dec. 1, 1H74, 5117,500
lc. 1, l&7i. 01.500
Iec. I, 178, 90.000
June 1,1 S'JO, 135,500
As the hands doe in 1$' are all embraced ia
the Agricultural College Fund, of which tbe
State is Trustee, for all practical purposes they
are provided for, which being deductel from the
total amount, leaves to be provided for between
now ind ?TS, $112,000, which can be done by
embracing in our annual tax a small ism each
year over and above Ihe amoant necessary for
oar current expenses, and thus we may antici
pate being oat of debt at no distant dy, and that
too without imposing upon our people any gre
vtoug burthens.
Woman Items.
Tbe authorities of Harvard ollege have re
fused tbe application of Miss Sawyer cf Nashua,
X. H., for admission to the law school.
Carl Decson wsll siys Throw women into
the political arena and Rome of the fairest fea
1 tures of their moral superiority will be exposed
to a rude and perilous test."
Miss Kate Field, wbo has been stopping at
t Vev ay on the lake of Geneva, Switzerland, will
j go to London to ?atbe winter.
Julie Monroe, the pet daughter of tbe man
1 who edits the Seymour (Ind,) Tiose, has a
spirit of her own which we trutt she will not dis
tort and ruin by running after the sutfraji-ts.
She became disgusted," says her fither,
with the troop of gentlemanly roving asl un
stable printers whom we have employed during
tbe post few months, swapping one tor another
every few days or week;, aad clearing thelut
one oat ltst week determined to do all the work
herself." She set every type ia the current
isaue of the piper, including new advertise
ments, aad bsd three columss left over for next
week besides which she did a big washing,
read about fifty newspapers, and had two day's
recreation at tbe county fair. Tbe spuoky little
1 printeress" declares her intention to set up
the whole ppr herself hereafter.
Prentice Malford, wbo is lecturing on the
coming woman" at Sin Francisco givw a
specimen picture whieh may be pleasing to Cal:
fornisns, but wbich, if true, leads us to hope
she may be a good while coming He says The
coming collectress of the r-crt will own tbe bst
yacht in tbe club, and s- she sits in her office in
tbe femvle maritime costume of the period, will
command the reject and attention of all around
ber. She will be the cbjact of political cabals
and intrigue?, aad will tight fire with fire. The
coming woman will aim at pcs.tion.acd perhaps
wealth, but will never be contented as th simple
I unnoticed mirital appendage of man. he will
be muscular, and will take ber part against the
street corner loafers who now molest and offend
her."
1 Indianapolis la lies are accused of eating bnt
ter-scotch at the Xdsson concerts.
Olive Logan has attained in Pitttbarg her
long-sought ambit ion a crow did house. The
city of smoke admires.
A Richmond woman asks for a divorce, saving
that she hal not seen her husband since he had
murdered her father
An ingeniou wife in D Moines has discover
ed the means of curing her leaser half of snor
ing, and. it is thi She has a gutta percha pipe
with cube-shaped ends; one she puts ever his
nose ani mouth and the other over his
ears thus he oonsatnes his own noise, at a
stove does its rmoke, aad wakes up instantly.
An inconsistent woman is one who is no longer
in love; a false woman is one who is already in
love with another person a fickle women is she
wbo neither knows whom she lover, nor vhether
she loves or no and tbe indifferent woman, one
wbo does not lote at all
A Philadelphian who invested SI 00 in Christ
ma? presents to fair friends, received 57 worth
of feu wipers and pulse warmers in return.
Jacob and Sarah Trees of Indiana, were un
fishior. able enough to live together in wedlock
50 years, with no divorce, and die witbia ftur
hours of each other.
I lei a rich Heine said every woman wrote with
ooe eye ou her page, and the other on some roan
except the Countess of Haw-IIaw, wbo had
but one eye. j
An iozenioav younz woman, havinz heard
that Mr. JelTers&n had made a fortune by play
ing nipt an tiicxie, wonuerea, witeneaesaw
him in the character, why he didn't wear better
clothes.
Carlo tta's beauty has faded, ani she his be
come repulsive.
Mr. Mundella, M. P., at a recent meeting of
the Social Science Congress, in Knglani. gave
some account of the operation of the Prohibitory
L:quorLawin New Kngland. He said he had
visited Massachusetts and several of the New
England States, and be was sure they would give
htm credit, whether it suited their argument or
not, tor epeaaing tne truth about what he bad
seen. He should be very sorry to ee the
want oi respect tor law wntcu he saw iu the ew
Kngland States, and Massachusetts especially;
and if be were asked whether Iheprobibitory law
wss doing good or not be would answer "Ye,
a great deal of good,and there is a great deal less
drinking than in any other district of tbe same ex
tent and the same population. Uut.f they asked
him if the law was kept, he was sorry to have to
reply that it waa systematically bickea both by
Senators and tbe other leaders of pnblic opinion.
He had taken wine with tbe most honored names
j in America at the largest hotel in Boston; and
j when he expreesed Us surprise that it sboaMbe
produced where it was prohibited, be was tol l
j that it did not matter, the drink vai there.'
I He asked if they could get spirits in tbe same
j way; and he was taken down to the bar of the
hotel, where he found the students from the Unl-
versity drinking as much whiskey as they bad
j a mind to pay for. Mr. Wendell Philbps, on of
tbe meat noble men in America, admitted to him
I that the law was most scandalously broken In
this respect. It was not cnly in towns that they
I found the law broken, but iu nearly every it-
Itgedrink could be got.
Arm Foil
0 icaoima jest see what Kitty has found
Itigtit out la tne barn, la the old hay mound.
Ton kLow bov I chased her the other dy.
As fast aj I coal J, and she ran away.
1 banted &td bunted, aad looked a'l round,
But on deer old pn-m was cot to b foaod;
the wbS son a lon time, huatlnf r mice.
And huaisix Kitties with 7-iKjr grtmtgtt f
I I ea3a.htaa arm fall cf K tt'e, jou koow.
And tney squirmed ana rqatrmed and tio-iea me 10,
I hid to let taree ot thern fitll yoa see,
Aod -lid puss was mad ai (U!sy eoald be.
Cot munma, Jast give me some milk aad bread,
PU put them rtght up la my little bed.
For papa says, In ona year irotn tday
Pli hare six possie as bl$ as old Gtey.
Du lit ins.
Two bees witbia a ervstil flowertell ro:ked.
Ham a loTelay to the west win 1 at noontide
Both alike, they bosx tsgether,
ob alike they burn together.
Ttrocfh and tbroah the Qowred heitbsr.
Where m a creeping ouve the wave, uru hocked.
Lay s Usif 4im asd wide,
Orerastreim two wrds of -lanc'rr- feather
lo woo each other, eirolins tenther,
lie Hi alike they glide together,
tilde by side.
Both alike they smg together,
Archin? blae-loy necks beneath the parpte
weather.
TaoebiMrea love!lertban Lorn tdown the lea ate
staging.
As they n sabot. Illy girtacdJ ever strjn'lng.
Dr b in bloom white silk are froeked,
like, unlike they rata together
Under asammer vaaltef geden weather.
Like, unlike, theyttirtf tecetber,
Side by side,
Mid-Star dartfsz ceMea locket,
Samsaea tinlin diimend ejed.
sunte fjr rVorcmher.
The brown togs are rista;.
The jellow leaves fillio;;.
Tbe nd birds ar bilent,
Tbe narah winds are wailing,
Tbe tfaya fcnTeshrnnk shorter.
The Bights hare grown lender,
Vt areata toooatee weaker.
Cold waxes stronger.
Vet ta elese darkness
aieh eo ej e can sever,
Th" world-strenicth is shaping
b.iMaas f r ever.
L.f is t sinking.
t unlike acd bright,
A ut of the hear ee
Fails tbe groat ei at
Xet, Tear I aever
Lea ring this earlh-plaee
Knowiacibs grate is
Ah" ft birth plc
Ani the seal, -jtvwic
With fiort.f ower rorr
Will it not barrt into
blossosae eceraai
UKMGIOl'S I.MEI.LI'iKXfE
nmT.
The pa tor of tbc BiptUt church, Montpdier.
Rev. Wro. Fnx, ia to preach in Montpelier but
one Sabbath more. In the church ta John
an, tbe first Sabbath iu October, two put 00
Christ by baptism, tbe second Sbath four, aad
tbe third seven, making twenty-two in all since
August four men with their wives, and four
teen beads of families in all. Two have uaitad
by letter, making twenty-four additions
There are fitty-nine stnients in Newton Theo
logical Seminary. Tbe P.sident, Dr. Hovey,
made th statement at ihe Baptirt Anniversaries,
that fall fifry of them should be helped with
in a month," while all bf them nerd aid. -Sporgeoo,
tbe great Baptist divine, has dropped
the Rev from hts sign it are, and naw signs
umelf Pastor C. II. Spurgei,a.'
COXOEGATTOX L.
Rev Elward II. Oriffio, cf the White Street
Congregational church, of this city, give the
asoal Tharsday evening lecture, at the charel of
the CDgrffrtiocl church of Rutland, last
evening.-' The Rer lr. Ihompscn, of Xew
York, whote retirement from tbe pulpit of the
Tabernacle, wbich he has occupied for nearly
twenty seven years, we n need last week, has
been presented by hi people with a testimonial
amounting to fifty two thousand dollars. Affec
tion which tikes that trm of manifestation
gives uch vulence of beicg genuine as the
earpiLg woild will not wun to dispute.
EPIMVjpAL.
On the vote by Orders ia the Haute of
Deputies of the Triennial Convention, on tbe
quest-ou ut concurring with the Hon of Bishops
in tbe adoption cf a Canon of llitval each
diocese having one cleric n and on lay vote, de
termined by a mjoriy of its deputies, the e'e
rical vote f Vermont was aye ao 1 the Ity vote
nay. The canon was not adopted. A
delegate from Illinois in "convention sub
mitted resolution amending the Ltttny
by t'ie insertion of the word "fire so as to
make it read, 41 from lightning and tempest,
from plague, peatilecce, fire and famine, eta"
This rtutsr, begotten of the delegate's experi
ence witb Chicago, was voted down lUr
John Henry Hopkins, writes to the Church
Jovrnat that after the Convention, one cfthe
Bishops (who Cilia himself a High Churchman,
though he is very dec dedly opposed to the
Rituaht's told bim that the majority of the
Houa: of Bishops bl wrna to aa understanding
among themselves that they would never hereaf
ter consent to the eonsecrattoabf any Bishop wbo
agreed in theological opinions with Bishop Doane.
Mr. Hcpktna denounced this understanding
on the spot as an unheard of iniquity" and
Le adds in his letter The idea of proscrib
ing, en matte, thofe of the clergy who carry a
majority of tbe constitutional vtea of the Iwer
Hou-e,and when so far from denying any arti
cle of tbe Catholic Creed their only finlt 1 that
they understand the historical standards of the
Anglican Reformation more correctly, and hold
them more thoroughly, and teach them more
earnestly, than any other among us; the whole
sale proscription of inch men, I siy, whether
I wuh an underttaadmg or without one, is
J tinply a prerxsterous impossibility." Toe an
i oual m-eetiag if the OgleBsburgb Convucatiun,
comprising tbe coantiea of Esex, Clinton. Frank
j Un, and St Liwrefice, was held Oct. 31, and
.10 V. 1, in bt. John s, Cham plain, and Christ
Church, Kuxses Point. Among thoe present
were the Rev. Messrs. Pitmia and Putnam of
Vermont; and the Rev. Mr. Ellegood of Mon
treal, with several brethren from tbe mother
Church of Fa land, tbe Rev Messrs. Ill wards,
Bingham, lies, S-elwjn aad Willett, and the
Riht Rev. Lord Bishop of Litehfieid, who thirty
years ago was sent to that benightel laud. New
Zealand. Rev. M K. Stickney. formerly of
thtCharch of the A ivent, Boston, has become
rector of Caret's Church. Ret tel.
METiionisr.
Wm. P. M-atiisoo, Fq hasprcntrd the land
on which to fleet a nrw Methodist church at
South Shaftsbury. I; i expected to be ready
for dedication next IV w Year's day. It will
cost about S2,5t, of which SI, 200 hss been
raited. Tro .Met holier cbwrehes iu BafiVo
on Sunday contributed 12,000 to aid the
burned churches of their denoeaiaatica ia
Chicago. The commit. ee of Methodist preach
ers in New York raise) 11,400 for the Micbi
gan aad Wisconsin stiilj'ers, of which Daniel
Drew give 55,000.
LIBSR L CHRISTIAN.
Rev. Hale has gone to. Chicago in the
interest of several benevolent elucatknal in
stitutions). No man could be sorer of a cordial
welcome. Tbe American Unitarian Associa
tion have arranged for a coarse of Sunday even
ing lectures, designed as a kind of offset to the
Beaton lecture delivered by certain orthodox
gentlemen I tat year and the year before. And
the Liberal Ckrtsttam exalts ia the idea that
Boston Theology is to te vindicated."
B.stAS cvrnoLic.
Twenty protestors in the University of Rme
have refused to take the oath of allegance to Vic
tor Emanuel. Tbe reform party iu Bar-ana
has organized with such leaders as Dr Huber.
Professor of Philcwpby at the University ot
Munich Dr. Scbulte, Professor of Law at the
Prarue University Professor Reinkeas, of
Bresleiu Profer Mkbelis, aad eminent men
of AoMriv, Huotary, Switzerland and else wb ere.
On tbe J1 and :Sio; SeptemUr, Old Catholic
deaVgatoH trumh parts of the continent met in
Munich fir the purpose nf lay'nc down a plat
form, or confesirh if faith lathis the re
formers oVc'are that thry Kilt retain tbe old
Catboli fitith, a it is written n the Scriptures
acd ha ode t down by tradition, holding to the
old Cat bo tic T :m of worship, and therefore, con
Mderieg themrele as meicNrrs of tbe great
Caihotio church. They do net acknowledge tbe
legality of tbe excomaiuotcatioos suspended
over them. They repudiate the dogmas created
under tbe pre wot P. pe that are in contradiction
with the teaching of the cburcb, especially the
dogma of infallibi.ity ani tbe supreme junedis
tion cf the Pope. Tbe dogma of the immacu
late coaceptioa i therewith repudiated. They
hold fst to the old constitution of the Catholic
church, rrpudiariag every attempt to remove the
b'shops from the immeiiate and independent di
rection of the single eh a it he?. They deny that
tbe Pope is the only divinely appointed bearer of
authonty, for according to tbe Trklf ntioe Canon,
there exists a divinely instituted hierarchy of
bishops, priests, deacons. They will only rec
ognize tbe Pvpe as the highest of bishsps. They
deny the power of tbe Pope to make dogmas,
and demand the right of testimony and objec
ticn for the Catholic laity and the clergy
Great reforms in the church itseif are to be in
troduced, and tbe people to have constitutionally
regulated partieipati n in church affairs. Tbe
aim seems to be the establishment of natiooal
churches, with national bishops, aod service an.!
liturgy soiled to tbe people; though al? this
withcut determent to the unity of the great
Catholic church. The Old Catholics, wbo have
already unitel with the Church of Utrecht,
hope for a reunion with the Greek Oriental and
Russian Church as well as with the Protestant
and Episcopal Churches. The influence tf the
Jesuits is to be cut off ia Germany. The Old
f "at holier consider this society as the source of all
the difficulties that have arisen within the
CathcUcchurcb.and as the great power back of
the Papil throne, and will demand their expul
sion from Germany Rev Father Boy la u haa
expended $C5.0ux oa the new St. Peter's
church, at Rutland, and it is estimated that au
expenditure cf 550.000 mare will be necessary
foritscompletijn. It is rumorel that the Al
bany Diocese will be divided thecominz winter.
and that V G. Wadhams of the Albany cathedral
will have charge of the new Bishopric at
riattsburgb.
It ia now the fashion at New York weddm?
and all high-dress entertainments, ta have a
portable fountain, throwing its ieta under the
drawing-room gas-lights, and surrounded by
beautiful shrubs and flowers in fjll bloom.
A female barber out west has retired?rom
business on aecouat cf tbe arrival of m little
shaver.