-jSuXOTOy. FKIDAYToCT. K. il
p. 0. BENEDICT. Burrer.
THE WEEKI.T FREE PUE.
I. mHiihed every f its raeraiaK b'
THE FREE PKEES A5S0CI ATI0S
CoHrse M., IlotUngHn. t
teems.
Two Dollars
Year in Advance.
The Wiklt Farr Prim ""tain. every week. 165i destroyed 3.800 houses. Bat in
L frtlSSWrf I structure, were of totU value, -i the agjre
d BofttnStoci and General Markets Cambndse ioH not have been a tithe of this. In
CettleJIarket St. Albans Batter Market, ic j tnil eoastrj no trailtr eatastrcpfce has ip
tlelonA!nraltoioa,an4eTTtaPI rf ti(. apllling firJ, in which men
na Part of. Ke.yo.keiWin B-etnber 1886, de
country.
Adiressall orders ta ..TinK
THE FllBE TRBBS ASSOOATlOh
Bocusaroa, Vt.
NOTICE TO !UBSCBII!5:"!-
All l'ipen. will be promptU intoB
tinned ut th cipirstio
naid for. and therefora.
of the time
nb-criltr
Btinaed without
interrptton. hou.d "J
Mription ut lent one weeK u.
pai teim c!o--.
Erorll-crber- infannei -ben W. jnr-
lnr his naaoe H
Wben you send -ord u have yuur r
eTna.oe.nt.a. wall aS tn on. oo
wiah It sent tu.
Vc-jm oi. tosmes-- b addreesed to J
Bait-, bnt al-as U
Taa Fan Pnwi. assucutio
I two bioc easi and west, the fioes rushed' with
The October Elections irreeib'.e forci, attu everything was redaeed to
,.i.- ao f- ovrrshsd-s ashes This ru',t appe.ra tu have been at
Toe Ch cigo clam.ty so t o mldj,wbt on 8amrdsy
ewjthing else in the shape of teas that tnere Elrlj t,aLj,y roro cp.HiJ before the exhsast
h been little ceneral inte est in the result ol ti 6nmai CiluA hafe had any rest, another fire.
the ctober e.ec.ion. m
The returnB Trom 1 cu
srivania stow however, that tne ifpuo.i
hive from 10 to LH.Oi'l majority in the j
c r i. i., tf tbi Lei islatn-e are Be-
Eute. B- h bt-n-he. a n. g
publwan, and t Hi pubheans carry ni
pbia bj toten -h .usai.d majonty, electing tb
M.vorand entire cfv ticket General Sojes's
Mayor ata entire limated at
msjor.ty for Go.error of Oni o is tstuo so
10,0' H and there is nttie doubt that tne at
publcans bve tne L?;ie ature. thus insuring
C,n- Sncr m4L s rc-e ecl.on 1
The H7drogTaphic Survey of Veraon-
We sre cltd to see that the Secretary of the
State Bond of Apienmri, Manulactares aa
Muiing, is takmg the preliminary steps towatd
obtaining a bydrographic snrvey if Vermont,
similsr to the one recently completed m Maine
The immense importance of this measure in
securing the development of our ma-erial
resources, can hardly be over etimated but
although has been a frequent top.c of private
discussion, it has never, we believe, been bruugir
Prominntlybeforetheiopleoroa- lerida'urc
Within onr borders, and readi y accessib.c,
rAmnimlTtit
are many

known aad wholly nnimproved.and many other,
re bat voartia y
Ut-Ul :tvs, -a.
cipiu.iE ami manufacturer uwarpaseeJ ad
Tantaees Riw miJer.: m a unian-re aio cx
hts il variajs Kchtie, mifap tf skill
ceMseiry to reaier 1: ue A eure
sueb ai l- c mteai;. iUl y) T n? a'TeL L
to auJ tau brmeioe int u-.- taei- .mac--catura.
furc l .w runr. u; u waite. v.!
greallj ikcrmt i.ur fctrtLpu an. pr,a- Int
powe- m a c Baiounrj, an- cai ti u rr
the ftivaniazr- of al c.use-- o' p4 -fu'nifuii.g
t c-au'Uh'U ku .w ed mat'-y
lavj may malte taK ai-vi li.crt i' -Tesimenti
t Ul r?" a greater TartT c
(.XupaiiGS tu pruiucers y rear, l-'--It
vil priT- a pcrniiiitiit bu.tfi to- a -read
aii-utoer njeii.fr f traf oMti-- -i-'
it will fairnitii t tte yf.uag w u! cm z
aboudatt opportum fjr tbt fu ..etVpain
of their powers, witau; pnnb' tr-jini n"
bordera. Thue far. fr iqc par ..ur ir
pittartf and tArmiag bvr tl tut i
ear and attcr ion. to tote mp:- crj.ee
the otber ititere. wnl- our 6ii.f- .Mte
with natn-a. facilit.es ceu:nl us- ip 'L" 1
ecr ou. ha. 'Ui.- ufi Ta- icanufiCiu-u c iu
du;trif, which hTt aiini emx y to tut r
popalatioo aad tbeirwei:!b It u h.g tia.f -Vermoct
to follow ttieir examp.-
It it not intend! tha tae entire work necw
fcry to a complete purrey of the State ti
doee at the expeftae of the Sate though ood
iderab'.e ai wooU be the amount required to
carry thrtwgh tuoh a earrey, we think that our
legislature would be justinea in maim? ine
esiary appropriation. It i thought thst in many
cases towns and villages possessing super.o'
k. f..r tk.ir ititeiMt
water powers, may see it to be for their interest
.i
to appropriate small sums iur r. i"
.n saenrate survey and description of
far ncblieation in toe report,
t"r
thus distributin; the expense among these more
immediately to be benefitted by their devteiopment
In nearly every township there are a few persons
oompetent to give the information desired, and
there are alto extant, although at present una
vailable, many accurate reports of surveys
made under direction of railroad corporation" or
local manuficturcrs, sufficient, when obtained,
to furnish a reliable and extensive foundation
f;r such a survey as is contemplated
Of course, it is of extreme inportanee that

this work be done quickly, and that our unsur-
passable advantages in these respects be at once
made known; and it depends upon the press of
the State and public spirited citiien.1 to urge
upon the people its importance.
The Secretary of the Board, Prof. Peter Col
lier. Burlington, Vt, will send suitable blanks,
to be filled up, to any body, in any viciniry.
who may aldress him, and it is hoped that town
officers receiving such blanks will, if snable to
reply to the various qneitioM, select from among i
J
thetr citizeni aome competent persona who may
11 oat the blanke and return them as toon as
practicable to the Secretary.
The Tammany Frauds
The war on the Tammany ploBdemr, ia mak
ing pool progreee, and the thKTef are already
beginnicg to di-giirge. John H. Keyser. whoee
plumbing bill for the last t eren years haw been
almast ai amazing as IngeraaU'e charges for
furniture, and Gar?ey for plasteriog, appeared
before the CtX&mtttee of SeTe&ty on Friday, and
not only maleafallconfetsioaof faic fraadaleet
operations in account with the city, bat arttgned
S 600,000 wcrth of property to cow any
exoeas of what he hal receiTel from the city orer
hli h-sseet duea. lie also told how zaatters were
arrasgei, and who (hired the spoil His story,
whUh of caai-K has not yet been oiie poblic.
It kn)an to implicate all the great riag xaastera,
betVdtf many cf the emailer" fry." II is ood
fenioo as taVen by the Sat-Committee on
Fraud and Account, ooniistins of Oeneral
Birlow, JaJge Fierrepont aad Jac'iHo S.
Schuhz, and he was afifisei by all these geDtk
men to cake mch rettituttoD as was in hk power
The tab-committee, banc; obtxi&ed all the in
fcrztatioo ihey cooM, reported latt Friday at
the meeting ef the Osmtttee of Serenty. and
created the raott inteaee sarpriee by the an
scnncecient that Mr. Eryter had assigaed to
Jackecn S Scbulti, in traat for the citj, real to
ut Tabued at 600,000 It u due Mr. Krji-er
to My that he aeertfrl before the committee that
he had not recti? ed all the raet saais crediteJ to
him in the rtc;nt expoee He said farther that
many of the wamnti were sheer forgtriet, and
that the money did xtotcometo him. Ai he has j
turned ttate etiderce it ic nndmtood that he
will not be pr&secnted.
A member of the Cittzeni' Committee itatec
that the eviJeocf shows that Inrsall stole
twenty thoatanl dollars worth of furniture from
the city armories that Garvey has tied to Europe
but that all his property will be ezd that full
detalli of the modus eptrandi cf the frauls upon
the Treasury,by the ring. Lave beea furnished by
Keyser, asd that the eude&ce agsicst the princi
pal thiexes is cTenr helming. The afiiiaTits
aga'.nc: Trwd, Sweeney and Uali are nratly
finutcd and U1 be serrcd in a dsy or two.
Secretary Boutwell tottra&tj Collectcr Wash
burn cf Portland that on and after December 1st
all cus trattfpcrtiog United States products
through Canada to another place in the United
Stages mutt be kczel and eea.nl with American
eaWccii and seals, at the place of shipments.
The new Iftycent and one dollar reTenne
atamps tare just made appearance They are
made cf what appears to be linen paper, colored
blue, with acroll work, and tear a likeness of
Gaorf Wash'tDgton. They look fine and are an
Impic-Ttm-ct orer the eld Btaznp cf the same de
The Chicago Tire.
Tsmh Lrat ore top f thcujht atd
a-i.-o. The dreadful calamity at Chicago i
a ui disaster. U beyond doubt the j
o-.tdK:rL ve fire since ttco-U was na3e.
to ext: .t largely fP"5 ETl fire i
m losdjD. u. Sro-f 1866, which luted
four days ar.J four n-gh's, and left houseless
fivMiiiosoftb' wolstionwitlimthe wt"" of
the citv. In number of hocus destroyed, it
i-- i I k. CAmA trie rrreat
i aiay wesioiy aw -v
00Bfla)(TD(a; in ConsttntinoeJe, Yedio ani
o'iriiioh. in Constantinople during a
Tsiaable in the city at that time, and the total
j ltKS was 518,000,000. The loss by the Portland
fire, July 4, lMC.was 510,000 000. The tots in
n nma Ivmtli anA fifty
y,BWCKO 1. is
milliotf. ard it is shated by thoosinds of Ear
em raen, in eTtry State and city, who hal in
Testmeots in the great Western metropolis.
We compile from varioaa sources, the follow
inc dtlsLs
The first fire broke oat on Satnrday evening
in a planins mill ra a thickly settled dittnet
on tne west side of the rive. Toe buildings in
tie vicinity were almost exclntmly of wood,
occupied as offices attached to extensive lumber
yards, iiianing and other mills, fretfAt depots,
lorehouN. connected with the Chicago, Pitts
burgh ana Fort a)ne. and Alton and St Loom
Uailwa, and manufactories of one kind and
another, wuh long c tntinuoua trame blocks oc
cupied as saloons or small stores below and as
boarding boats or dwellings above Through
out an area of tou bl is. north and south, bj
nronaoij uj rpt j
.dovered in the neiKh-
bM4(l0(j of Tjler j i.o.en atreets, several
blocif WK; 0f ,ht. setae of the earlier fire. The
buildings here consifttd of a rathe- better diss
lf ,,ruur, but tbej sto.i nearly a. do to-
u bemg u,pMT cpoKd 0f wood
prowj tqaa!lj .,uy victias to the fury of the
B Ij, a Bbort i me four or five of
them, numbering s n.e two or three hundred
gmll.; boleU were leveled to
theFrould isl)rDe t y a strong southern gale,
lncro,Ma t,T t,,r currents cansed by the interne
beat f the contl rat.oo tne fi.mee rolled on to
the north, w.lb resistless sweep.
.lb resistless sweep, during the
whole cf Sun ivy, approaching the very heart of
the citv, biitd w.m costly structure ao xne
finest husines blucks. Toward evening the
sparks and burning brai ds passed over the nver
and set fire to some of the largest buildings cn
toe soutn etdt in the vicinity ot the Court House
Here the c a of huiMincs were by ail odds the
finest and most tabetanttel in the entire city.
Washington streei. is lh" southern boundary of
onrtHouse square upoi. tms street, on thesouth
weet corner ot the square, tne Chamber cf Com
mrce, a handsome ei.hce bull of Athens xaar
Lie, wat s.tustei, an) ai: the tuildings on the
ssme side of the street were of a massive and ex
pensive eaaracler. Two cr la-ee squares 10 the
eant Wf re situated ibe Cros'y Opera House, one of
the mast elab rate strun'cree iu thr country, the
Chicago Htfub.ica-i i5.ee, the First National
m. k.,;m.., ,v,
itank a ven nut new marble duuudk
t"2,iJlBMI1, t. 1ku Leer
witu the cx2?puon cf Stewart's of Ntw
Xht largest id America., the extern -c M-rtLai t t
Hottl, and a larfeoun.it' iu-i bu.i-
lag
of euti
acoas
ev- nu 1 i-j."acTe- ivj:.
v. .-Dicj.iB f!r-e:, ir lark
I !;r! I I- Lit hi ilDZf
j t u. a u; uh aDtia
ci f; r tree; of Kainliirh.
i Tav u o in- our.
u tt .-it,(a,h uari'it iur tCf
Ie f fiu.L Kr many yearf
I cd- tt)f t. -e:, oes
it;
mtini.t""
Hlr t
ia't Ho
i
r i i
itit
ax iu t t- l t n tne eti c einp
na k e'..i n ht t h.l or I sevto
t-'.t'-- ,T i ui'lLi.tSi-r Hl'f'I
w?r( tin lt c at- rcti. ib"fi occu
pied Bfc I i rt 1 1. .ai ofiictf- at ve
'o tat. t uTje" c "-ii r ol i an i La
streett- w- .n V, hi.- I u mi inejrai.D i. 'Uj
pit.a di a th.ti't.ji i rua buud.nj, fivf
ttor u- ii. ti zu ai. Ei ci uf iii a mui e a -a
C n-aiantr 1 run: tni on tne eoirbwefr
ci-oer ci ii) 6lj- r--rv- it- m iff i t tt..Dr
heif1u't'- t 3u. t i Nu tQwesstfrn
Kaiiw I uu ttit li rtL-
es c-rc i t'-. u:. j-pui ft bus new
h ock- iut t, 1 i d i- 1- i Lke rree
ti.r-1 i v-'k- 'o tr- r rr a: i mr t ock eaU
u tnf Ore .'I i i t ot lot I .aiuir ent i
tbi outj liji.- -aiai vj.uc;. r' i-oi-.
tits 'Df Lk- tti in u Iidj- wre almott a1
liar o- tfc -inn it- L gi:. bi i u1.: t tir t
a vt- n'-'i:'.' is.aaLeT N-.m i' tu
luraft- i v g u.r mi ii-suitii'f wrr ue'f situ
ate t. and in tat:, iuj tf.t txcfjtioi. tf tv
nortb en o' U tnrit t k, ua'tr tt ttit
Soeitiiai. h J- ltiere inHif tf il tde
c t faeic. .t a' art- fca't a m ie jqaare
extendiu frni i z' i ttve kK-ine uif
dosco blocKS north, tu iit. M.. Urnc-i u ta
river, and aotue ftvtn cr eiati U 'A- Irt i toe
BuUih Branch cf toe ne. eaat, to tit
iaat-.
WU GUmuriiTU s.UUU8t ui nv axoaaaaai wi a. v-,-
j mj u Lh)cmpj lnt pobilc buildmaa, thre.
oot of four of the theatres, the Court House, a
massive stone structure, recently eularired at tae
cost of million' of dollara, conuining the
rf rf
ccnntj tte learl.ng Hotels n
,n the whoieaaie establianmente all
rly
the
railroad oflioes
nearly all the
oanka,
edifices
-n.t ,n larr ILe
best and largest
i of the city. Ipon Sooth W.ter street, one
square nrrth ol Lake, were the wholesale gro
eery and provision stores, the wholesale l.qnor
and drug stores, and all Ihe leading commission
houses Everything in all this region k now in
ashes.
South of Washington street. State, Deer bora,
Clark and LaSalle streets were all fsandsosse busi
nesethorouffhfaiea for many squares, and Irom
rnldenc streets in the city North of the river.
the district is almost exclusively composed of
dwellings and small iiores, except of course.
just upon the nver bank. About a mile over in
djnon mm (IttMeJ handMmr new
water works upon tne Lake Shore, which, tno&ch
substantial stone sttujtutes base been des
troyed. The result is the practical destruction of a city
of over three hundred thousand inhabitants. The
loss of such an unrnense amount of property at
cne time las a moat disastrous effect upon the
local insurance offices, and cannot fail to bring
immense weees lo the companies in Hartford,
New Tork and Philadelphia.
The amount of gram in Chicago waiting tran-
portation was never larger at this season of the
tiatr than at TirtHfit
nt9A hoM at Wiet ten mii
Uon dollare in mortneos on property in Chi
cago, and some estimate it at three times that
amocnt.
The fire departiaeot of Chicago eossUts of ftf
eateeo Keam fire engices, the Hjority of which
were manufactured at MancbeMer, N. H. They
haTe also w Skinner's Fire Eeoape Truck,
which enables1 the engines to brim a stream of
water to bear udoo the upper stories of a build
ing, the ladder being supported from the grosmd,
and at a distance from the barainf budding
The depanment is in charge of a wraaKaour,
who bn also the crr of toe police. For some
years Chioago has rhoan that the precautions
takes in goarding agmmt fires .and theeffineooy
of the department had materially decreased toe
lofa
The following report was telegraphed from
Chicago to Cincinnati before the second inter
ruption of the wire the progressing Sautes in
the Sooth diTtetoo were finally arrested about 1
p m. Ibis was ocaoaphsbed by the blowing
up and demolitioD.of Teral boildinga on Wbaeb
aTenue ac-f Congms street, by Gen. Shertdac
The district burned over in the South division
embraces everj thing from the main branch of
tne Lb cs to nver to tne wke, ana covering
aboet 100 blocks M.ehigiD terraoem Michigan
arenue, cn w iich was the mtdence of Governor
ISrofs, was destroyed.
Lt the reaier suppose New Tork burned clean
to the grand from Midieoc sou ire to the Bat
tery, and be will girt an approximate idea cf
w hat this fire ha" been for Choago.
A private despatch from Chicaco states that
among the heavy dry goods, firms burnt oat are
John Farwell Co F M. Hamlin k Co.,Fie!d,
Letter Co and Brown, Hunt Winskw.
General Sheridan's betdquarters were des
troyed and all the records of the department of
the Northwest from the time of Its creation were
kt. There is a large quantity of army supplies
at St Loots and Indianapolis which can be used
immediately till more can be obtained. The
government had about $1,500,000 in green
backs and 8&00 000 in gold m the depository at
Chicago Secretary Boutwell express the
cptnicn that if the money was left in the safes
it has not been destroyed, and if it has, the
government will suffer no loss, except of course,
the cost of printing the money. If, on the other
hand, the attempt was made to remove the
money from the safes, loss is mere likely to
have been sustained
The great Central Depot at the foot of Lake
street, became a heap of ruins on Monday.
About nice o'clock Monday Doming most of tbe
passenger cars of the Michigan Central, Burling
ton and Qatncy, and Illinois Central railroads
were moved on the breakwater and saved.
It is utterly impofsible to make an approxi
mate estimate of the entire loss, but it can
sreely fall beScw
OXC XrCXD&ED X5D riTTT XMXZOKS
cf dollars. Of course, bat a fraction of this
amount can be recovered from insurance.
SXU ESTATE IS CHICAGO
has declined tlfty per cent since the fire.
T&X SEWS 25 XtW TORE.
The excitement in New Tork City on Monday.
in consequence cf the calamity at Chicago, was
intense. There has been nothing like it sbce
the first day of the Fracco-Frusian war. Every
newspaper bad bulletins with the latest items re
garding the spread of tbe flames and the des
truction cf prcptrty. Crowds cf readers spread
eagerly around these boards, and rushed from
one cfhoe to another reading tbete bulletin!. A
dense crowd filled the sidewalk, and orsrHawod
THE
Cf arlj to the middle of Broadway, opposite the
eetern Union telegraph oface, on the windows
and glass doors ot whicn die patents irom inc
scene of the disaster were posted as eoon a. re
ceived. In ihort. nothing bat the fire in Chi
cago we talked of throughout the city, and the
public were filled with the deepest sympathy
and sorrow for the fate of the great western
city. In cany localities the shock was such as
to'plltially bring basinets to a stand still.
Every moment Tisitors were arriving at the in
surance emcee, to qnestion the cficers as to the
loses of thetasehes or neighboring companies,
bat rxne were able to form even a rough
estimate. The Convention then ai;ournea 10 i-o o j ua.
Toe Home and Excelsior companies have lost q jj., cntting saiJ.'ia opening, that he bad
heavily also the Liverpool, London and Globe, i xriztsms agreed to say amen to anything thit the last
and the Andes Co of Cincinnati. The Home Bennett. Ke- speaker should say; bat he foaml he could not
Company has lost about two and a half mdlions, 1 rsyer was oaereo cy n-v jur. T, do so to his last sentence. There was no need
and the Livcrpocl, London and Globe about portof the Board was read, and a-lop.ea. ie thltte tbmU KJ ItBing. The ente-prise
three millions The asttts of both are said to jreunret,(i report was presented, and after Hcomnerided by the report if the committee,
be snSsient to cover the liabilities. Prominent jlsc.8jCJ ,epteJ. He reported the total re- had a .oQ:ieat ajtocacy in the inteUigence of
financiers ssy that one hundred millions are ,,fc.,.. fS "S.80 totaleipendi- the Btptists of Vermont, and in the earnestnets
owed in various wsys by Chicago interests to ceipts of theyeirtole 9SSh.) .total rnai oiim of Blptist mmisiers of Ver
K.w Ynrt. ind there is coneeonentlv great fear tures S2. 127.40, leaving in the Trc.sary s. Ieslia that the care
of a finsacul crisis here ia consequence of the
calamity ajlayor Hall hss issaed a proclamatioo
calling tofrelief for the Chicago snSerers. The
Parepa-Uosa opera trcape nss onereu to girc i
proceeiis of the performance on one evening fjr
the relief fund, and p-obaWy all the theatres will
do likewise, .-ubsenptions have been opened m
many plaoes, and all classes of people are offer
ing assistance. Nearly all the railways are
offering to transport sapplies free, and it is ex
pected there will be large offerings in the next
few days.
THE XEWS IX EOSTOX.
Of the effect of the terrib'.e news in Bostcn
the Aitrrtutr Bays
Few events1 have excited such deep interest
and solicitude among the people of Eoaton
this. Besides its numerous ties of kindred and
fnendfhip, thi. community is bound to Chicsgo
by buiiness connections so intimate and of such
magnitude thst no calamity caa tefall one city
the first tidings of the conffsgration were re-
eeived with intense interest, which, as the terri.
hie extent of the d Salter appeared mere fullv,
became painful As the news spread all other
topics pave wsy Trade and business of all
kinds as seriously aSected. At the Commer
cial Exchange, naturally the first to feel the
shock, the ordinary transactions were almost
wholly suspended, the desire to hear from Chi
cago being inpreme. The fire insurance o&oes
were in a state of anxioaa dre&d, though the
managers seemed unmoved as they conned their
maps and plans of the ill-fated city. Nearly
every imoortant ifB.ce in Boston is interested
more or less, and the Hide and Leather, Nation
al, Independent and Ne England have agencies
in Chicago. Their wises must be very large in
the aggregate, though on aocount of the indefi
nite reports received daring the afternoon the
managers themselves could cot estimate them
with any certainty A very large amount of
Boston capital ia invested in mortgages in Cbt
care, on which the investors received ten per
cent, interest. Many stores, singly and in
blocks, were owned by Boston Merchants.
George 'T. Oerrieh cf Chrises, has 1,260.000
invested in Chicago very fortunately iu land
BELIEF TOE TBI SUFfEEiKS.
The city council of Buffalo hss voted S100,
000 tor the sufferers, and a committee of citi
zens left, last night, with a car-load of provi
sions for Chioago. The orhcere and exhibitors
at the international exposition raised 10,000
losve of bread, to be forwarded at once for the
relief of thesuoerers. Owen's bakery, the larg
est in theeity, has been autnorued by the city
officials to commence without delay, and bake
night and day until further orders for Chicago
The city council of Btltimore has requested
the mayor to offer sympathy ,nd ask what ail
that citj can ten1er Ti LhicHg in ner great
caliuuty
Tht largesi meel:. g of citizens that was ever
del,! in M i,,ui- raied ST'HMl lor Cnicago.
&l l a c 'mu .:.tv ws appoiLteJ K canvass me
c tor djuii- and clutnmg A train was a'
oik- started luajfi with ctMikeJ provisions Th?
me'cnai ts excaange subsc :tei l'',0U 1
A mt-tt ng was held at tisrato.'a icsterdsy ti
raip'- tunlt lor the hicagu sulierers
Id liosri of Trade of (Iswegj cnt::t,u-es
t "''i ihe Cnicsg sutiere s
rpcia train ltti Cinctnoat, Monday nig
c invrving a cnju.'ttfr- of th- ctaens. aui l'1,
iMupjr,ii,f cheese ln.,"' poucis of dned
b-tt. 0".""" loaves cf brea.1. oarrt-ls tf
craters, and 1." t'lstket
M- Hslst-alrf tin L.imi-ci.i snifpedti
tht i ti.og TriOU-.t s Iu i lut ot dlft'l'utftl
tjpe Ine cfhr newspaper tstau.uhment'
tude iteral CoUtr ution m monv
The fire msurarce c mpaniee o! lUrtf r havr
oj vtt attcjir,Ttl t maa, i jtfia.it esnmate o!
tneir 1 ssee ra:. ti ul'.iess the aggregate w 1
be stvera rutllion? Toe t fheers ut all tot lead
inc comnsniee assert toe:r tleterm.ustioc to psv
everv doha- as rapii y a -oes.tie Tae Anle
of t me i uat at,,! tee II, me aid Exceluc- if
Vw lcrk city are be'ieved to be enpp cd b
vui rtcoverr Tiie Literpotl, LjlJoo auj
j r. at.J ttit SortL lir lifh and Mercantile are
a,s heavy losers tn.t tne r enormous cipita
v, iiitim ihM agsinst serious eniturriesmeiit
Tb' i sts growing oat of the confltgri',
w, br tjtr, 1 ry Urge u.anufactarm2 houses ie
Lu fe lb, quinti y of loreiet) go' is. impori
ttl li ti t t Chicago from foreign ports vii,
Mot-trei anJ the great lke. oat mcreased v,ry
largt y during tot past yea- I is stated that
lour prominent bouses m rh-csg nsve exc usve
gu in Kjrope t but German c.oths, baptteo
carftt-. I rencli silks, a-i(l iiath hosiery, ao-1
the 1'j.p trtati jns a jr:t.c September a' Cn.cag
art- aoowD ti bav heeu exceedingly heavy A
t roroiLent New ork importe' remarked
nigbi, tb&: t.e wou.J seil his claims on toe
strongest house ic Cntcug' at cents to a Jt -la',
and ttiat be hai no txpectalion that asuigle
n-m ti that c ty woul I wi hstanu the s'orx
He'l no- be harJ on tneoj, lf they fi;." be
aldel Toey ref resect the push and go-abeal
ot Am-rua. an! wt ae t t proul of then., at
members cf tne trade, not to give tuem evtrj
chance to mr; sga.L
Tbe lasrau.es Cowtahizs ask the Cbi. igo
Fixjc. The inunesse amount of property de
stroyed by the fire at Chicago mutt cause tenons
losses to many insurance companies, bat it is
impossible to determine at the pre ent moment
anything definite as to what c&ees are mostly
interested. The total loss by the fire will reach
million of dollare, and a large part is probably
covered by insurance. The policies are doubt,
less widely entered, as many of the pri&eif al
companies in this country and in England had
igeocios in Chteigo. The underwriters of New
Tork and Boston have ntoalry taken large nsks
in the unfortunate citr. and of course wiH be
likely to inner tenons losses, bnt if the insar-
aaee anVctod by the fire ii as largely scattered
as iBpposed, the result may cot prove disagrees
to any individual cSce.
Veemokt Shut at tax Niw Esglasd Fair.
Vermont sheep were well represtnted a
the
New ryisTmrf Fair, and among the fiock pre
sent were forty Spnitb Merinos, exhibited by
Jerome Holder) of eet Wen minister, wbich
rank among the best flocks of the State. The
prize Southdown buck was a three years old,
owned by J.J. Flint of Putney A fine flock of
twenty-five Coti wolds were exhibited by H M
Arse of Sprincfield. IL G. Hill of Elmore, and
A. j&er of Pomfret, alto had excellent flocks
on the ground. As a whole, Vermont Bhtep are
looking up in Vermont, and attracting more at
tectum than daring the past few years
Ax iMroexax A miserable impeeter, styling
himrelf Prof et. or Frederick Frank, and claim
ing to hare btcn a teacher of ancient and mod
em languages fir many yearr, and having, by
xarioaB mUfortunes, Usi all of Ms property, is
travelling over the oouctry eolicUirg aid from
clergymen and teachers, either in money cr en
tertainment. He carries fcrged letters of intro
dustion from several eminent cle-gymen and
many more profcMional teachers, sustaining his
assertions, and he generally steals all pert able
article possible.
I'OLITICA L..
Hon Smith Weed, cf Plattsbnrgh, is a mem
ber cf the tew Democratic State Committee of
New York. Air. Weed figured considerably at
tbe Rochester convention It was on h:e motion
that Chapman, of Saratoga, was nominated lor
Canal Commissioner. When tie nomination for
Attorney General was on the tapir, Mr. Weed
strongly eulogized Charles O'Cocor, and offered
a resolution authorizing the State Committee, In
the event of the refusal of Charles 0' Conor to
accept to put Ch a a plain on the ticket,
Tbe 7Vt6ne says
How could any convection be so remorseless
a to meditate a second term of Marshall B.
Champlain However, he will be beaten out of
sight. Only think cf his nomination over
Charles O'Occor But Boss Tweed wanted
him, and that was decisive.
At the Scaatorhl Convention cf the Twelfth
District of New Tork, held at Cimbndge Octo
ber 6, Hon. L. V. Baker, Jr was unanimously
nominated by acclamation for Senator. Mr.
Baker ably addressed tbe convention, accepting
the nomination.
In the Episcopal convention at Baltimore, on
Saturday, the committee of five bishops ap
pointed to consider the subject cf additional
provisions for the uniformity of services, re
ported that the services cf the prayer-book are
B3 perfurmed in many cases that they are sot
distinguishable from those of the Church cf
Borne, Some measures should be taken to prc
Tent this, and the committee think such action
should be in the form cf canons prohibiting the
use of incense the placing a crncifix in any
part cf the church the use cf lights cn or
about the holy table, except when necessary;
bowing, crossing, prostrations, reverences, bow
ing dawn upon or kissing the holy table, and
kneeling, excrpt as allowed or directed by the
nriria Itas sa,m sinrl Tnanv nfltsiia trsiilt nftft.
tictf. The report coast up for actios to-day. I
burlington: vt., free
BMitist State Canveatioa.
Uaptlil Slate oanvciuu
tiest DAT.
The Annual State Conventioa or the Bip-
,;....vm,mt m-,.nJ in this city, on
Wednesday. Oct. 4th. The morning session was
called to order at 10 o'clock Rtr. J. Goaaby.u.
I n... Q AT
of the committee of arrangemmts. the annual the higher caltar. he advocatfl. n.- tJ
dLr -a, delirerel by Br.. S. M. Whiting ledby K.v. S. a Cutting, P ft. of Brooklyn,
of Windsor, subject: Mary's Memorial OEering. K- forserly ef Exhester University.
100 70 1
The committee oo nominations reported the I
following board of officers
President Rev. T. H. Archibald, of Btis'oL
Viev-Prtsidents Kevs. II. D. Ilodg
C A.
Thomas.
Secretary, Rev. C. Hibbard.
Treasarer L K. Fuller.
Auditor G. F. Davis.
Trustees Rets. A. Norcrots. II a. Hcvey,
I D Borwell M. A. Willeox, H. C Estes, J.
Ooadby. E. Mills. W. K. Wilbur, 8. F. Brown,
S. M. Whitisg. L. J. Matteeon, Mark Carpenter.
C. P. Frenier, Dee. Mial Davis, Him. G. W.
Orandey.
Tk. MTnmittw, nn freonenev of nattoral
h Sttrf a rt wbich after discos-
caanges tuumiwe
sun by Bros. Wheolock, Allen. Barwell, ChUds,
5Jge, Estes, Green, Mil!!, Pierson aad Wilbur,
naon the table for farther consideration
The session olosed with prsyer by Rev. J. Q.
Lorimer.
EVKXIVU.
The evening session was an exceedingly m
tereeung and important one. After the nsasi
opening exercises. Rev Mr. ArchibalJ, from the
oommitte appointed three yeata s.a.-e on tre
subject of the establishment of a Bspusl Academy
for the State, submitted the following report
Rrportofthr Commiltc on a neu- Einrationoi
iflatlitttlOM
Your committee in accordance with the re
i... h.ri. nrouted the investt-
'.hielihad then tn oommenced, and ask
leave to submit the following report
They have received returns from C of tne
vn .i wu ,u. r&t nf which 'J. mciudtnr
iv. GawMin
S-J& Sixty-nine persons over 21 years of age
are engaged in attendance upon schools, mostly
of other denominations We have 44 graduates
of coUeg es, and graduates of other schools,
not including commercial academies The pro-
perty reported amounts to ti.BrS.'J'Jl
The fans which we have thus gathered are
very
eumificant in their bearing upon ine
aaetttiim of the demand fo-
en lowed
Ecademv ehkbe thr Baptists i WriujM
Tney shorn tnai uiiU cD-twtnt.etL c f cm
you'.h, of su ia'e apt. an Hfend.np acv Bap
tiS sUkhjI. and if we de met tn rer rted fun
the tingle cburcn in la-rfax. tup;, pn-vr mat
le-s tnan 'one-fi't eta o' ttit"- air iwfing
their educan.L ic Bap.' acaKii.es Tny
revea. lb fact tea' u- rt- ti-iii ttirw tiaf as
nun? cf tur cnnirrt irf afenin ir schiMs
of ctner at u -mioat. tnai. art- puruniz's,: t at
owl, auJ w.ti ta ur tueptt-u nifnticiei
arve, cre t-i. ti'-' t.tnes as Laix. an 1 trr
prop- tiji. is (4uai y larpt f tii v '-.ui Lg
ecnis uriier l Uenjui uattJii coiitrm
i tr. u put tt"- sam' great tact mat.t!i' r m.apt.
olIt on-tuira u: our Tou.h ar -ect-.ae ac;
aaucn.ie eaucatin, ai-J ot. y on-: wen net i
tnem are fat: tip eiu,'fu tt Lap'ift
lotcf siai st.c ditc.ost h at ttaer- :--.d- ta;
we ougbt u irODUer
iae i- toat the UipTiS' .-t tu-as tow in
existence amuog us. cumuisa (n y an exceeJ
inglj nar ow patrjnacf Tiwj dout
in days in' are pat-", they ae s:l itng. ani
we devout! hope, tva 1 aisj-fi y Dh-vt tba:
they wi perform :a Jti- taa are to come, a
w trfc tf e" great v ut- l ttie r owe iajmeiit
.c n.tj We t-les? 0 j f the assistenc- ani
prsy fo- their pn per.:j r u thy a-t nor m -itig
the demands of toe Jtci m oa'i d a large
i ur scat auJ daurnte-s il an? cjusiierar it
numter, are n r iu tbeuj r,. can tae; t itt
ered mti them
Anjtoe' Uct nov: n.a k mat fe'. w t'.a: i
il viiio to Lope, tna: ty anr c ns: it--le ei'eut.
our youth wi l k::i bp:: las-'tat-j&i
outA.de of tnj r'au Aaiu:e" S f. .ei
than oae in a hucdre.1 tf thea awa f' a
Vermont tt aneud a Bapt it A-a-iem
Thee Ha-emea's avi rtiet.T.a- t ex:e t
thea Ia their pia a. u-vtr- line: nirr a
they tel tt-ur own ittrj w; :h i uu t u a- aw
every tint to leel that i w grn .'fei t.-;
ir a hrtt-ciass Bapt i AcaJemj Vermic:
Acot&er fc i evident oa tae tic i tiese
sti8tic. in' tha" 1-. ttta' w Lave abun laat
means fu tne ace tm-. iha.ei.t a' we need ia
thih directi l I i ci tircnes. notmciui
iDe tbe miif! a- ac i i rvral, reptr: ner'
c( ihiihhii projert ua a.th mgi thi ei
i.mate can nut ui c -ars pre'eaJ u ai T-taing nae
sbsomie a curacy, r if an af rrox ait.iii, aai
i- mucn more hae y to f" be jw tnan tin!
taeactua aaount 1: l a m -Jera es mate
then that puts tae prj,m i tn- d-r aina urn
in the State a no less than A
contribution then of little m rt tnac v-i e per era:
of thefrtperty tf Baptuw id tcv Mat- les
thaa tht am urT reu'red v this rvrrt on v
be raised fy ine feel eit caurch tfau a.Jp, fLr
the snpp jrt of to gesn-. ar h )m" w .all ea w
an Acdemy aitb 5l'ni,mi It seems to ui
that onr need aod our ab'.i-ty ta tL.s d'rcjtioa.
are both Uo manifest to require acv ama.eat
at onr hands
Voor committee have discharged, to tbe best
of their abilitv, tbe work commuted t their
haci. lot, Kentwtempo.srrxi to raise forl,
fnr tht nnrnM. or to locate or endow an
j Academy. Sal! they deeply feel that the time has 1
oome when this work should be entered upon in
rHAlnM arnMtBes It has come to their
Koowrrr that a legacy baa already been made
i fur tou purpose, and that another only waits
neot orP1DirMl011 u mhlch 11 CAD
j iby therefore recommend to the convention
to choose a board cocsubag of from nine to
fifto trustees, three of whom shall hereafter be
elected by the CooTtnUoo, and the Bjard, at to
its remaining members, to be self perpetuating
tnree ciaeer, wild uc bok uumauuu uii.
tney Bsan oe memoerr, in goou standing oi ine
Baptist Che res i, who shall organize as a cor
porate body under the la its of the State, aad
proceed to fjund a first class Baptist academy in
Vermont, aad to endow and control tbe same.
The President then introduced Rsr Dr. Horry
of Newton Theological Seminary, who delivered a
strong and excellent address on tbe Need of
Liberal Culture. He was tollowed by Rsv Dr. S.
S. Cutting of Brooklyn, in some able and in
teresting remarks nrging the establishment of
first date well endowed Baptist academies.
DK liOTET'S DZSCOtTIUE
Dr. Hovey urged tbe need of liberal culture in
all ealltngs. Tbe professional man mutt have
it, in order to tbe highest influence and success
The teacher tbouli nave a broad culture. We
cannot place the ctandard of qualification too
high, in those to whom we commit tbe all im
pcrtant tuk of instructing the rising genera
turn, .be true teacher must be hospitable to
all truth scholarly in his whole being. But
especially does the preacher nefd a liberal edu
cation. He may, indeed, gam an eaucation
outside the schools, as some have done, by
study of men and of books but the broader
and higher and more liberal his culture, the bet
ter fitted will be be for his high work. He
needs such a broad and varied culture because
every science touches theology. He must nse
good language in order to be able to present
truth clearly and illustrate it forcibly. He es
pecially needs a classical training, because the
f acred Scriptures must be studied in the original
Greek and Hebrew in order to the moBt thor
ough understanding cf them. The preacher
muit be able to go ai nesr as possible to the.
original ibrpired word. Then he should be a
lover cf bookB, and through them command
tbe thought of all the ages, far his own aid and
recreation and stimulus. Oar public men
need higher culture. Too many of them are
men of cne idea, and this onesideines5, though
it may give intensity, dews not give streseth.
The man of one idea may be earnest, but he
cannot be fair and wiie. Our buainesB men,
too, amng whom are many of our best intel- I
lecte, would be better citizens and broader mm,
with more education.
To giTe thiB higher education, colleges bare
been esublifhed. Of thete, in New nglind,we
have, by universal acknowledgment, enough. We
do not need to add to their numbers. The aca
demies sre really more important than the col
leges because they not only lead and introduce
ouryoung men to the callegrs.but they give to
thousands who must stop short of college educa
tion, all tbe higher culture they can obtain. Con
sidering the religious influence cf the schools,
the speaker remarked that we do not get it in
any large measure in the public High schools.
These must continue to be in that respect, what
the necessities of the case, amid the roaay
shades of religious belief among our citizens,
compel them to be Aa Baptists, we
must prefer that our children should
enjoy the religious influence which pure
and highminded teachers exert ic schools of our
own denomination. We bare lost some who
would have made Taluable members of our
churches, from the fact that they came under
religious impressions, in some revival perhaps,
in academies in charge of good men of other de
nominations. We need academies of onr own
denomination, and they must be of a higher class
than heretofore have been deemed suSiient We
cannot compete with other academies without
establishing amply endowed ones of our own.
We should have in each State at least one
academy as stood as those at Andover and
Meriden acd Exeter At present we have none
such, and we cannot wonder or coin ola in tiat
onr children are sent to those well endowed and
first class aoadtmie. It is better they should
fo then than go Bowhtrt, Bat wt should no
several of the most able, do n,.: report tne day must be on a larger scale man uiv.o.j.
amount of property connected with them. j The beet public high eohools, exist only in the
Tnese reports disclose the fj.lowrng facts Urger towna, and they are to be encouraged and
There are in the- Co churches, '.'J I persons saitained but they cannot have an evangeli
between 14 and il years of age Of tbe-e 111 cal chsraster, nor meet the fall demand for
are in attendance on Baptist school, 70 of whom Christian edueition. The Christian academy,
belong to the Cong-eiuon in r'airlax. leaving i presided over by men who feel their respooai
41 from the other churches in attendance ttltty to the church, eierts a higher influence,
on Baptist academies. There are attending the Is such an institution ic our denomination re
tchools of other denominations. 547. snd attend- quired in Vermont Tne report of your oom-
l. nnAmr da fiennminationa) control. niittcw has answered the Question. They report
press, Friday morning,
longer be compelled to send oar children to
tehoob. As a denomination we must care
for oar own int-rest,, nd we are strong enough
t0 a0 it With the remark that a tnre eloquent
tpeaier than he was to follow him, to whom he
was glad to yield. Dr. Hovey doted his it
niarkr. The adlress of Dr. Hotey in its dear style and
cf edasation belongs to the pastoral omoe, as oc-
longing to the developaient of tho Cf',U,a
tire it nsj samoicnt
msrks of the honored brother who had aidret-
ed them. Tet he was always reaty t, expre.e
his interest in whatever concerned the best we
f.re of Vermont. Be was born in the Green
Mountain Stale, and educated in the dear and
honored University which crowns the hillin this
beautiful city; and he had never lost his inter
est in the State. Proceeding to consider the
need of first class academies, lr. C. said that
the Academy fills the space between tho common
school and college. This space is not likely to
be narrower. The average public school,
though constantly improving, does not near
the college because the college too is constantly
rinog. The academies are most important, be
...i,.. th th. treat massof ouryoung peo
ple receive a'J their advanced culture. The ln
teLigence of the community must rise, not by
what is done at the extremes, not by increasing
v.. r the few hizhlv cultivated
scholars tut by promoting the intelligence of
the masses telow them, i ueiioc m its,
said the speaker, but the academy reaches ten
where the college reaches one, and by its means
th. nnii.pi thomselves are elevated. But we
must have first claBS academies. The millenium
of small things has passed away. Hhen 1 was
in college, the lake here was dotted with sails.
Sitting on my father s doontep tn Westpolt, I
h.uonittl "1 saiusz veels in light at onoe
There were 15 owned in that village, the busi
ness of which has mostly gone to deciy, tnongn
l, mil the most beautiful spot on the lake.
alwavs excepting Burlington. These sloops nod
R.,ooners he now ilowlv rotting beneath the
waters: their day is past. Your
wateri: ttieir aaj it pan. ur -csr
a j a KunA.lsl K tksm
power of steam. It is so with our
schools. The academic enterprises of our

a larger number of scholars for such an academy
I than I should have expected, and they tell us
that more are going lo otner setsoois man ie our
own. This is not surprising. The schools which
offer the beat facilities are entitled to tie echol
ars. But is it wise that this should continue
Say not that tho Baptists of Vermont are not
i ble to ettan itn a nrsi ciass caiemj. ej
can do i ani :egtnninir right they can go oa
safely Ikpin (r rwng an endowment tf
SliMjKX' permanently loveited, its lucome t
t cipeoded only in loitructicn, and you w m
nJ places multiply mg that will desire aal
cjmetel'' tae location Then select the be
lace, :n some centra! locality, with tac.htie o
oces- an 1 you caa have an Aeaiemy like
UstoL, ani i'cu'ips, and M-nden, and you
reap r.-'i returns, under Gui's Mewng, it.
y job,: tu-n t. fill the ool eges and theolog'.jal
seamanes, and the ministry. In these days
waen t-a u, oufaeom infidelity is d.aeminat
ei in our 'inuseholds by such pubhcaaioni as the
Aua:'f Munltiy, we need th coanteractin!
p.wercf cbristian educAt.on. filling tb micJ
w.ta nob truth, in order that our social lift
may be e..Taied, our pohtici punned, our atatet
ma'nsbip eatarg-d This question of Academies
i" the grea' Bapt.st questiun of our time 'iir
Sc&tfois art djW prosperoos in the proportion in
waisc they are removed from the people. 'ar
ineougiea seminaries are tbe most fliunshing
tur c degts next But our academies, where
ar toev' Baptists of Vermont take op tta
subj-ct, an i dc not drop it, till you have secu--ed
an AcaJemy for thiB ?ute. second to n-ne
ut! ng spoke with an earnestness ani u -4
ier.ee tf ah:ca ou lniperfec; abstrac ctvef
ou a tain idea, and his remarks ct lent y
aaJe str ng lmpressua on h.s cearfM
After fa further remarks br Bv M
Ij'fs. ta. repot of the committee on a new
ejuca' tna i3b:.u!u a wai alrrted unan.mxi''
On xLotiun J M- Estes a ma"te" of tare
wssv'ci to noamate a board to locate tht n
i 'utjon. mcut an endowment vt SI'" rrt 1 ex
c uiiTe if lmd and bu-iiings. aai obtain a:i act
cf inc rporatian
Tne CLa r appelated as suea ccmm.ttee, B-'i
Lstes, Mial Davis, ani V! N Wilour
After prayc, aluurnei
tf 1aT
The t oaveai.or was c e-i tu orir a
a m After roDgretrationa'. singing, praye
aai f jmt other prel.u; na-ies, the rep-t of tae
aa.ttee oc freqjency of pallor! changes was
taken from the table, aaJ af.e- further d.icus
si a was adopted ani oruered pubhsne-i
Next the Committee on ODituaries report. J
taa. ta"ee m-mstenop br-tbers have died during
tbe year, tbe Revi Mr Wrinkle of U oton,
Mr Cue cf Eoosburga. yeArc.) Mr C ui
wonh cf Perkirsville
Tae Comm.ttee on Becevoien: fperatioaB sub
mitted thtir smnua' report fjl.ow The
Comm.ttee on Benev .en: 'p?riTioaa ie:a
mend that regular, pystematic and genera c.d-
tri bat ions be made by a! toe members of our
hnIM, Cspt.st
r
Home Mission Society, Baptist Uisionary Union,
Rihl .nH Pa M. r tin faU-J aad Minuterirl
Education.
Pending tbe disouaion of the above report the
Committee on Nomination tt a Brd of Trus
tees for the new Educational Institute presented
their report, aad by uninimoos consent it wis
laid anon the tabk, subject to future action.
ArTEMOOX.
The afternoon session was opened by prayer
from the Kev. A. Jones. The Cannnittee on
r.esolutiosa then presented their report, reoom-
mending rations objects of benevolence, which,
after remarks, was adopted. Next the report of
the Committee on Enrollment wat reoavetL and
also accepted. The ConTestion pa;ed a vote of
thanks for the hospitality extended; to tbe choir
for their cScient services, and to the V. C. R.
R. oompany, far return passes over its roads.
After approprifte remarks and prayer by the
moderator, the Convection adjourned to meet on
the first Wednesday of next October, at Brattle-
boro The final benediction being pronounced
by Her. Alvah Sabic.
RcxiBXisLx Caix. Michael Donahue was
indicted at the recent term cf the Rutland Coun
ty court for stealing a horse, the property cf J.
Q Stewart of Clarendon, in the spring of 1871.
The testimony as adduced on tbe trial presents
a remarkable case. There is no dispute as to the
fast ofthehsrse having been stolen or of the time
when it was taken, but a number of witnesses
identify the respondent as the man in whose pos
session tbe horse was seen, at Rockingham, the
day after it was taken; while an equal number
areequally positive that the respondent wis in
Clarendon the sitae day. These two places are
some fifty miles apart, and the witnesses on
either aide are men of respectability and integri
ty aad equally positive, each giving specific rea
sons for his certainty as to the date and tbe man
ner in which he identifies the nan. It is a re
markable case cf mistaken identity or of error as
to time.
The jury under the charge cf Judge Wheeler,
and without argument by couusel, returned a
verdict cf nof guilty.
CoL Veazey, Judge Danton and Capt E. J.
Ormebee, appeared for the prosecution, ani Col
Chas. H. Joyce and R- IL Thrall for the respon
dent. Smcogusq Tnnocan the Mails. The trans
mission of diamonds and other Taluable articles
in letters and pipers from Europe, in order to
eraie the duty thereon, has become so genera!
that tbe government is obliged to consider meas
ures for breaking up this system of defrauding
the revenue, and the Secreury cf the Treasury,
it is said, will, in a few days, submit to the
Postmaster General a set of regulations designed
to meet the exigencies of the case. It is propo
se! that wherever foreign mails are received such
letters as contain more than written matter shall
be retained, and the party addressed informed
that a letter await personal exatnination at the
Post 0ce If the letter Is to be fjrwarded to
an interior city the Postmaster of that city is to
be instructed not to deliver the same until he U
satisfied that the contents sre cot subject to the
tari-T. By the strict cbserranee cf this plan
the present system of evading the revenue law
will be broken up.
Those who wish to observe the December
eclipse of the sun will get their smoked glass
ready and go to Sunatra insntdistely.
OCTOBEB lti, 1871.
Terrible Fire in Chicago.
THOUSAND BU1L.BINCS CON
SUMED. ..V AREA
OF FIVE
MILES .V
ALL.
SWEPT ClKAX FROM THE
II I VCIl TO THE UKB.
ALL TIIE BANKS. WaTEIS AMI OA
ORK DBSTIIOI UH.
the snERUAK noose, COURT HOUSE
AND CHAMBER OF COMMERCE,
ALSO BUHNER
lAIlROAD DEI'IITS AMI Abb TIIE
I-Rl.vriSO OrTICES TOTALLT
IlIiSIIlllVEII.
TIIE GREAT CENTRAL DEPOT BURN ED.
FIE.VD1SII ATTEMPT TO REXEV
THE CO.VFLAGRATIO.V.
TWO INCENDIARIE3 CAUGOT AND HUNG
TO LAMP P03TS.
A COl.! AN'II CIIII.I.T IIAV.
GREAT SUFFERING AMO.VG THE
HOMELESS
31UKE INCKNIHAIiV I'IKE.
Ak.lil.MIMi DBMO.VTRATIo:.S
TIIE TREtCT'.
SEVEN OR EIGHT VILLAINS SBDT
HUNG AT SIGHT.
OR
Chicao HL, Oct -140a m.
To-nigot is the most fearful in tne annals of
the city. The fire, whicb commencel at 10 p. m.,
ia still raging The enr ae appear almost pow
erless Messages have been sent to Milwaukee
for all the steamers the can spare The fire
.v ,n row of two-st..rv wooden teneiienls.
on DeEalb street, between Jefferson and Clin
ton. snd, ai was h cas- lav n.got, sprc,l with
fMrful rapiiity Bef:-r a single eogine could
get on the road, half the was in flames
and burning fjnous'r
LA TEH
2 a. m The fi-e is still racing wiah increased
fary and has spread alinji wita tue Teio:ity of
tbe wind Tae Jis'r.c: alreiiy born?i em
braces an immense cumber of lumber yards
and freight depots, uf tne Chicag and 3t Lo&ie,
and Pitnsbu-g. Fort Wsyri"
j mil The prope-j a'rcily
and Chicai'i raU-
prope-y a'reuy destroy ei cjanis
op many m 11 ions c f djl.ars. The fire hae crossed
the Chicago nver Tar wml h spread the
fitmes in all direct. on? Gi me-cy only can
save the city from utter destrust.ja A dreadful
panic prevails all through tne streets, wuere the
pporde are rushing to aad fro. and weeping aad north and was driving the flames back south
wailing Large number of lives have teen lost wrJ ,n
lor maaj cannot h- kojwn Lnt.i the fire has
b-D arree I The fire is approaching the tele-g-pa
tC.;e :1 it w.ii probably sjju b.' vasatel
lJraaic f-oa ta- !5e wee Sown acrMS to the
tm. si tar
t'.rectiy ai. j
the flaae? pf-s-ij.it
Eg'l,
gar h uie w
wraprei i J
vaaa.r p a.x
ch ll'ea, a
nver are ctt.-
ad fired a wooden builoLng,
rtiicagi gas hjase. ani
ot-'-v direction among the
1 r'o-pec:s are that the
and the city
u D'e panic w pre
i: "en, women aiid
T vesws in tae
':i e sooth river
t- t. Tg roaring
c I
i:i tt.rff'aj;
i'c r w ea.at. 1 sw- t zi-
fire rj.'. pf e i f
is alrea sc r-i g
c5ce. where pi
onwari a wa ii
mm e2 i-t a-' ir-
c Buret. s-ee -track
o' ne ("a :r i
rairoa-is w.ta tu Tt
ir as wh c! i.i
Tj D' 1- a-
jrr
Li
aa: I
Ta uBtni-
P1
tu
of tae Jw
tuie t s .'t
st-ee' fr.a
o tae t y i
1 1 i a a
estera L a
t. -Cra
fL as
May.r cf
u this
Ch :a
tvnl i sai ar t r,
asie lU'iii'f'w nf i
1 a a lai tt -t a i df the city
if destT- j. a r Lr--es and Tele-
gi a t E -f? a i -w i clfi:&6, except
:ar ir.-iunr -zt-v a-. the water works
ae feo tu-:j s, Sherman House.
C baa o' t a--i the Court House
Thert l- co wtc- ta-1 r.' and no: leas than
ter-tauj-ir.j bu a.-e already been de
stroyed Th- aa; urned a distance cf five
m, ef aai i- -aas Tne wml is blowing a
gale I: wt Ot. si most impossible to get any
rel.aD.e detailed part.cnlars fjr ome time.
There i oa'y oa" telegraph wire working nod
tha. oa y to tbe suburb
Latcaoo, ocl y p.
The awful wo: k of destruction siill goes on with
t rdentls.s fary From Bamson 8trt in tte
wrath, to ifivisioa -:re
the river to the lake
the Nor'h, and from
area of four miles
long by one m te wide, tbe flaukos have swept
'everything befjre tae re I: is estimated that at
least 1(KMM people are h.me ess, and in a suf
t ring coodit.oii Tae streets in tbe districts
still unburn ed arc Lned for miles wita such
household good as nave been saved from de
struction. Most generous of) era of assistance,
in money, food, or anything wanted, are coming
in from almost every city and town throughout
the oountry, by telegraph. The Mayor has re
sponded to several offers, and asks that cooked
food be provided as soon as possible. Firemen
are on the way from riocinnati, St. Louis, and
other cities. Tbe water works are entirely de
stroyed Buildings are now being blown np on
the line of the Are to arrest its progress.
LATCB.
It b now belietd th at the spread of the fire in the
southward has been stayed at Harrison Street
but on the north tide there is no dimination of
Its fary, and that entire division of the city is
evidently doomed to ntt.T deetruotion. Torre
are grave fears that the flimcs may spread to the
west side of the north branch of the river, and
tbe inhabitants of the streets neares: the river
are already moving to plaoes of supposed greater
safety.
The Western Union Telegraph Caeapiuy has
now six wires working east and louth, i- a tem
porary office at the comer of State and 16th
Streets. Tbe North Westers Railroad company
is r caning trains oc both of its branches
which are crowded with fleeing eirizens.
It is now asserted by some that water works
are still intact and water has been that cf from
the south and west divistoos on eoooant
of the quantity being osed on the north
side. A reliable gentleman who his just arrived
from the north division, brings joyful news that
the water works are uninjured. God grant that
it may be true. It is impossible now to give
even an approximate statement of the loss bat
a fall idea may be formed when it is sUted that
evrry bank in the city, except two small saringi
banks, cne on 221 street aad one on Randolph
street, were destroyed all the whslesile stores
all retail establishments Pcet-tfSoe, Court
House, Chamber of Commerce, every hotel in the
south divbion except Michigan Avenue
Houcc, (which, standing on the extreme south
Bmit, escaped, though it is badly searched.)
The Tribune building, which was supposed to
be fire-proof, finally sassumbel every theatre,
the six largest elevators the immense depots of
the Michigan Southern and Illinois Central
Railroiis, both the paetenger and freight depots
of the latter; more than a score of churches, and
much shipping in the river, all are destroyed.
Men who were millionaires yesterday morning
are nearly penniless to-diy but more terrible
than this is the aw fill certainty that many human
beings have perished iu the Sines, how many no
one can tell, and perhaps no one will ever be
able to tell, but it is known that some perished,
and it is feared that the victims of the fierce
monster may be counted by scores. Hundreds
of hortes and cows have been burned in the
sUbles, and on the north side hundreds of ani
mals, though released from confinement, were
jo bewildered and confuted, by the eci cf fire
which surrounded them, that they rushed
wildly to and fro, uttering cries cf fright and
enain TVTitil fViT'i.V. nv? sinrl aTiTTtarl A tt
".vtiait,
ot a description of the appalling iwnet woald 1
be Uie. The simple fact that the once great J
city cf Chicago U dsstroyed that hundreds of
.n?,.i tisre have vanishel, i MedUI, ofthe Tribune, waois oneoxinentavieit ton mercnanu are proportionaliT sua P-.
miU.oB. of tiv. ht7"iBhlb: .uffe. sucked ,..erJ.y to leasing a tabk cipal losses at he eS.Ju umanufac,.- l;
and list reirly one third of thicayj ma n .t. i companies. A large Boston clothing boose.
itnt -,rj! hnnreless dependents
Any attempt to embellish would be moc-ery.
thisawfnldsy draws to a close, thousands of
amicus eyes watch the clouds of tmoie which
roI ovex'the burnt district, with evident dread
that a sullen change of wind rosy turn the
flsmts ca that portion of the city yet spired.
There seems, however, little cause for apprehen
sion, and reinforcements of firemen from other
cities are constantly arriving. The Superin
tendent tT Telegraph, is in receipt of
dispatches from leading cities, tneuncing that
aid is beins provided for the sufferers. Colcnel
Clowery, of St. Louis, telegraphs that
seventy thousand dollars is subscribed by
the merchants there. Cincinnati promises
S200,000, aad Cleveland is proportionately
generous. AB hU. and a great deal more
will be nseded to relieve immediate, ptessing
wants. Everything is being dose by Gen. Slsger
and bis ereistants, to keep up' the communication
for the eithens with the world ouusle.
CoL WUliaras, superintendent at Cincinnati,
reported promptly far duty this a m. About
three fourths of the United Sates mails
were saved, and taken rjeuessioii of by CoL
Wood, of the Pcet-offioe service.
Bono, 11.30 a m.
We have just beard from Chicsgo via it.
Ltnia, fur the firs time this morning? There
was a very heavy rain lat night and the fire is
all out.
A Chicago despatch to the Albany Evening
Journal says Fearful suffering mast follow
and almost immediately. Fall one hundred and
fifty thousand people are at this moment home
less and houseless, not knowing where to lay
ibeir heals or get anything to satisfy the crav
ings cf hunger.
Tae city tc-n:ght will be m total darkness,
which will add to the intenaiiy of :he misery and
terror now felt throughout the city limite Any
thing so temfiealry grand as the appearance
last night of the immense rolling and bellowing
of the fire, cannot be imagmed. The fire
could be seen hundreds of miles away.
tbe hews or the MsasrEB l wasnliOTOj
IB- eRIvlDCVT olHU sSFFLtB.
Asniworos. vni. aue re "-fe
I cites intense mtetest througboot the ciry, and
especially among gentleman from mat Loomry
in nddmon to the press tekcrams. Gen. Meyer,
of the S.gnal Service, has been receiving dis
patches from time to lime regarding the con
flagration
On reading them tbas morning. President
Grant requested Secretary Belknap to ipraph
to Gen nendAO, string it was the President's
wish that General Sheridan iboold issue all
provisions and clothing to the eotfereri be hae at
bis disposal, and if this prove mmS&amt to call
on the military authorities at S. Louts for the
same purpose.
Cjucaoo, Oct. 9.
11.30, p m. The telearraph oifioe improvised
in the soot hern part of Chicago, which was sup
posed beyond reach of the fianwe, has been
abandoned and oemmunioatien with the city is
a tain interrupted. It is expected that another
office will be opened dsring the night at a point
two miles south of the last phase of reage. The
operators before leaving their instromeots re
ported that the wind naa veerea aroaaa to ine
A Cuicagi special to tne Tinea, dated 2.20,
this morning, eontiins the following additional
news
Tbe wind is ttill noisteroos and if it tarns
north, nothing can save the western division.
The present lot is eetisaated at from S 100, 000,
OfA to 9JOO,t)00,OUO Tne fire proof buildings
burned like tinder, especially the banks, sot one
of whi;h remained. Few rasuies penoos Fved
even their papers. Tbe whole population was
buy all night and the streets are now like a
bivouac with Bleeping men.
Tbe lots of life tt u impossible to estimate,
fl'he shipping ordered into the north branch of
tbe nver was scot aJnft into lake Michigan.
Many vessels wen bumel All bastne is ans
pended and a uat resnain s fnr th p-eent-rrerjien
ious eti.rts wen ma-Jt- t Bar me Tri
in i ft an 1 tne Pjr 'Si at we as tne aty
l. ani P'verr aent bui danes, r i ncihing re
a a r.y i1 'at Liatatned stones ani cracil az cin--
s N awn cau t- publish"! un:. type
c ut t.ua t wiiere, a? tne typ fjanl-'es sre
t rurne i
Ta- --g a of tat hr wis in a stab where a
.an 'ax-B, a K- oeene lam; at miikmg time
oua'-er of tie fi eaten were k.lied.
Ta- b jr d ng sa pssa,iei .t, cnason waters Ai.
ta- c"iut it-" it- "i' s u a i.vitn, toe Convent
v! .eicy, a ri id bui dings and tne
!"a aaa'jDr a l ji" a i Waoaib ven
ue? ae t -n- lu- a. es I 'H 'urainz bnages
a. a :a- r v?- were sa.a? ai? a era etu. area of
ar- r r. si -e ea-e I jt pavements
r. t airne-
ia-a.i iv sr u i il, ihtr ba? brotea
oat is, Bydepark and is moving nonb, I Uua
b true tne dest-action of the remaining portion
of tbe Southern duuion cannot be p revea ted.
ae hundred squares are already burnt in the
b u'Nrn divuon Tne popsiation will probbly
t rejoed fifty thoniand in one nMmth. Bosi
ness meu cannot resume unleu help is sent from
tbe east and west A hundred tnonsand eo
pfoyees ensaged in the mercantile bmuerss are
oat of employment. Tbe streets leading to the
unburn portion of the south part of the city,
and all leading to the one unbroken bridge,
west, are completely blocked by all kinds of
vehicles car-ying aick and injired people and
blackened furniture. Tbe county rteords are
sate but the city records are lost Mayor Mason
has reoe.ved dispatches from Sc. Loaia, Mil
waukee, betroit, LontsriUe, and elsewnere, in
quiring what ther sfesil send He asks for
cooked food for 10J0o ksaskes awreons.
The Prejirkfnt oM Moot earswnfr estissatee
the loss in Chicago at S500,000,000. and thtsks
there will be over fifty tailare in the Stock
Board to-day. Jay Cooke doss sot think that
the bostness interests of the country will softer
senonsly, but toat many insurance companies
4 will go under. Tne fire has stopped the decluw
in tbe grain market and grain has already ad-
Tiaoed. nelter is pouring loto Ltucago rrom
all qaerters.
Chicago, Ot. 10 nooa.
The fire oonuaued to burn all last night urn
the north ei ie, I at this m. is under control
It ie literally true to eaj there is nothiog re
maining of that side to tbe nver, north to Lia
oo '.a Park on the north, and from the north
branch of the river on the west to the like on the
east. This portion of the city, except along tho
1 main nver where there was batiae block, ws
1 occupied by dwellings. Tro-thirde of the popu
lation cf this diemm were Germans and Scandi
i nsTians, Tuese people are now houseless some
1 of them are in frame buildings on the northwest
section, aad others are on the prairie without
inciter Throughout the day yttterdsy a re
newil of the fires on the west side was looked
for and a change of five degrees is direction at
1 any time would nave led to that result,
i There would then bate been no refirge
i for any. Every body had their cloth-
ing packed ready to start for tae prairie it
any moment bnt God averted tan possible ad.
dition to our disaster. At tuadown the wind
lulled and at three o'oiock this a. m. raises) fer
vently prayed for, oatae I: did not riia long
but the roofs of houses sad the ground have been
wet, so that now it ie possible to hive fires and
cook food for the multitude. A nieeting of citi
zens wis held in the First Congregational
Church in Washington Street, which was con
tinued throughout tae night. Measures were
concerted to protect what property was left and
to provide for the homeless. Richard and Chas.
Crine of the North Western Maaafaietaricg
Company have contrived a plan which is being
put into execution, for providing water in cue
of a fire breaking out at any time. The machin
ery of their works and boiler is being used for
that purpose, and their engine and boilers and
engines are beins; ased for pa raping water from
the river.
Fifteen hundred citizens were sworn in last
evening to assist the potke force, aad the Secre
tary of War authorized Gen Sheridan to employ
all available troops for guard, and issued an
order for 100,000 rations. Five hundred
soldiers are on duty. This precaution was neces
sary, for, as remarkable as it may seem, there
were fiends who still thought to extend the dis
aster. Two fiends csaght ic the ait of firing a
house on the west side were arrested and im
mediately bung to lamp posts. One was hung
on Fifteenth street, near the river, and the
other in Claiborne Avenue, cn the north tide.
This prompt action his checked tbe thierea and
murderers. The arrival cf firemen from Mil
waukee aad Sl Louis, and other cities, has ap
parently restored confidence. The Cincinnati
train arrived this a.n. with four engicer, three
from that city and one from Dayton. They
were seventeen hours on the way, having to
change their route twice, and then finally came
Tia Piqaa and Logansport, There was an inex-prea-ible
pleasure in teeing these experienced
firemen go to work in a business way,
where work wa; most needed. They are play
icg on the coal pits to tare whatever cf fael is
possible and preventing a farther spread of the
flames. The Tait plain is covered with people
wandering about seeing evidence of a wealth
that has completely Tanished In flames and
smoke, A few business sen with some nerve
are set tin j houses for brisi&e. Ia the vest
slle rooms that were rented last weet for S JO
J!l J r f nnn ssm
iiuw i-cuuj comiiiaaa j.vuu. mere art not
n5tmanyofthese.bat enorgh to allow a few
business men to start. Tho newspapers wiH be
started ajaia in a few days cr wesLs. Joseph
arc enongn. nuuamgou branch in Chioa-o. had buildine anJ ...T
It. n..)tMl tvn sinele evTmder rtreavea
.ic t C r
need in a job ofSce on the west side, and has
telegraphed east for paper and type, there being
nothing left here. Mr. Story, of the Times,
will erect a rowth one story building and begin
issue of that paper as soon as material can be
proeared. The Journal is proviuea irom tee
west side The Post, Republican and Staats
Zsuunr will arrange for business as soon as
practicable, but everything must come from
elsewhere. There is nothing left. Water for
drinking and household use is secured from the
Isle and the parks, and for horses from the
river. There are thousand people camped
about the Artesian wells, four miles oat, and
perhaps as many more at the lake and on FaLer
ton and Victor aveoues, near the prairie. People
are being fed in the remaining churches and
and school houses, in sheds and by the raal-sidee.
It wa cold and chilly this a ra., eausrag
great suffering. It is now cteariag op sgatu
bat instead of this beinj -eioos the ppl. are
praying earnestly lor more rain, so rearrai are
they of thetwntinnsnce of tbe flaaw. This is
tae'situatuin Farther infonnatwc will be seat
as rap diy as received Meanwhile we give a
report of the fire and its incMesls. specially pre
pared for the associated press, by those wh wit
nessed and tbaght the dtarei thrtsos bout
Late en SaiardayM evetisg a boy went into a
stable en le Koven cireet. near tbe nver oa tbe
west side, to milk a cow. carrying with him a
kerosene lasap. Tnss was tbe beginning of tbe
great fire. A single extinpitsber on tbe ground
or the activity ot
dawn cne or t70
tk. rik. ii. t..nisve
shantk would nave
prevented the spreading of the aansss. bat
the engineer was waited for and when be arrived
the firemen stuprSed by their exertions at tbe
first fire, on Satnrday night, worked slowly and
ctamsily and their edons were nnavai-able
The wind blew a gale from tbe soathwes', and
rapidly flames shot from boaae lo botue and
board yard nntil tbe district barmd. tbe night
before n was reach! Meanwhile tbe samea
had crossed the river nortn of Lith street on tbe
tenth side and made for brick and stone bttstnee
Mocks, railroad depots and ntaaafectanag es
tablishments the tnll extent of damage was
realixed for the first tine the tie department
alreaJy tired ont, worked like berom, aad the
msjnr and city government that had rested now
began to bestir tnemselves, bo: the opportunity
.4 km bt Tne time wben a thoeoaerh organ
isation mold have blown op tae oouaingi
or Drtmred for tbe eirgenoy was nsglicted. and
it was thea a Sghl for lite. Th wind blowing a
stiff gale, had possession of the names and tbe
beautiful boildisgs. Chicago's glory, lay before
them. Harrison, Van Buren, Adams, Monroe
and Madison streets were soon reached- Tbe
intervening blocks from the river to IsMrborn
street on tbe text being ooosooxd as if by magic.
It tang Bsmdoy tlttprtpnetors snd employe
werent home, utterly ancoasciows of what was
transpiring None who saw tbe Basses, bat sop
nosed it w tb retMin of 8atardy night's
fire and having coobdesoe ia the ir opartaaat
were nacusKjcroed. but between lvea and twelve
o'clock a rumor got abroad that tbe tire was in
tb tasta?. part of the city. Now the people
eoatBesosd moving, noises war brought into
rrtrawtujo to take propmtora and others
to tb oaammgratioa. Tbe Btard of Trad eoorrt
hawse. Western Union telgraph and Associated
Frmoavwesand budrrd ef other boildinga,
were all ra dame The air was Ulled with live
coal which were hurled north and east Fire
engines were po.-W All that awn could
do wu to blow np buikiinfa, but this nrailel
but little. Tbe Triban. Post. ftMublioan and
Jecrnal aawtpaper ofke. th West News
Coopanyvs btook. Pastd Ueeer e-iablihssent.
Drake block, recently built, farwell 4 Co., all
were soon in asBt. It svsn that no sooner had
the lames struck a wall than it went direct y
tkrough, aad a very few moments soasead to de
stroy tne most elaborate built structure Wal.s
netted aad the bricks were cDasaased. Wooden
pavements took fire, making continuous
sheet of flame two raises by a mile wiJr,
which no home being could pasibly sur
vive away nvmut Block after blank lell acd
red hot coals shot higher aad hither and spread
farther aad farther, until the north sad ot Lake
Street was a vast sheer: of lames from the river.
Dee time hemmed in wore the fasopl that it
was upeeted that thousands mast vjerieh. The
Sherman, Tremont and other hotel were emp
tied of their gtxwts. Those who oould, made for
the remaining bridge others sreat to the lake
snore and south sade. Only one block in ah
that vaat business sectiw renaained at day light
vii the Tribune b'ock The ouotosn Isouae aad
Hanaro's buck in Dearborn Street, had burned.
aad tnoae who had kugnt tbe dames heresbsible. tVoter w.U be sjS(-:iei
though' at latt tins block could be saved tents have bean distributed among five i-tu.;.
Patnot.r men under Samuel Hedill swept off 1 taaulies, encamped on the prune- T0 s. l
the hve cms and put out the flames i are cloaed. Five hundred cium; acts
is the sidewaiis aad another lot under Joseph
Meiii!. washed rjefs. At half pact seven this
wai tbco.?rit safe and most of the mesa went for
rest and loai A number went to sleep in the
T.-ibunr buldisg, but there was a change of
wind and the dames meaed Wabash and State
streets sad Jiicsigaa A wane aad soon ic
Vicxrra theatre oaoght tire In a few momenta
tne Tnnrjrje wu in flames and at the kwt mo-
men' t eerrtrg saen wes aroused ana rescued,
By ten o'cluzi in tne f-retoon. tne remaining
bioct wu i& ashes. 1 rem 50,000 to TS.OUu
me' women ani c&iUrea were now nemng ny
every ava. a e street aad alley to tbe south
sad westwnrd attemntreg to save their lives,
Evrry vehicle vai brougnt tato requisition for
ue use of which eawraou price were paid.
Large cumbers of persona and horses were tees-
trkibiy oorprarngled poor people of all eolcrs
and saaaea aad nationality mad with excitement
straggled with each otber to get away
It is estimated that five aandred people
were burned to death.
Honored, were trampled under foot, ana aai
women Waded with beadles and hentsavasd goods.
to whose skirts srere cliagrng trader infants,
half dressed aad bervrfboted wese all seeking a
nlas of samty. Boers afterward they might
hsvebseeamvasaa, kits ion streets farin
U .abort. traeaWiath.d.A Itu tfeartu
toi ttotikof the loss of ufc. It is oujeetured
vnth goad cause that nearlyoOO have been
bunted to death. Ke saw fcur men enter
b,xng buildiasE. and in avoaosut they -e
cm-feed by a falling wall There was a crowd
men around the Corver Bnildiag. oyrag to save
ZJ'v V" Jii OT"
women art children went tato the butMia; of
taeastoneal Somery.a ir. proof boildiag for
Jwl,ir1 "P00
them and they vers buraed odeadi Among
"TrT 1"
TaunKL rVal StnMl alllsmt Hfl eaaMH AM aVlaufh
J. B. fierard aatd wifs, aad Madasa Depelgraoie,
rr
a Mted teacher of mniic It is fsersd that lr
Ferar and namtly were also twaed, as they
were ta the boilding and have act been eeea
since, sirs. Edjall, whose boaad was mar.
dered last week, aad who was itfermg from il 1- j
ness, was oarn-sd away for pvmectMB to a btdld. i
ing which afterwards we coasnmsd, and it is
feared she also posisacd. All hsoke and papers
ef the ffisttricai Society, iaalading the orgiaal 1
sopy of the faaaoas esaneipatieQ pfooiasaation of
Presieat Lmoolii, for which the Society paid
i?2o,000, were tMraed. It is feared that a 1
large nasaber of tmMi-ea, inmates of the Cat bo- j
lie Orphan Society, an State Street were aVeo
twrned, as many of them are misting. (o
Ihjeago Aveane a srnaa rnsaal np siairs
to carry three children away wbee he was
overt 1 ken by the flames aad perished with them.
The asother was afterwards seea in the street a
ravirg maniac In the same tjoilaing a mm ry
of fire penshed. The list of each fitahties is
very long, and can only be felly verified after
the smoke is cleared. There are haadredai of
families on the northwest side who saved ao
elotnijjg-, bat barely their lives. Among taex
ate
R the family of Perry Smith, formerly" Pre4-
at of the VQh Wt R.ir-i, PA.
dent of the North Western IUihraad Com
piny.
LATC&
A careful snrvey of innraiiees tiv-day shoa-s
that there were written oa property destroyed
over 8 J0,000,000;add anotner 8100,000,000,
and a fair estimate can be reached of the less.
All leading merchants that nave been seea ex
press a determination to resume bataives at
ones. This includes heavy bosses ram as Joan 1
rarweil, rield. Lieter s Co., snd Spragne.
Warner Co. Farwell Co., and Field, Lieter
Co., saved from 300,000 to S500.00U worth
of goods. Both firms hav established headj
quarters on the west side. The Evening Jonraal
ani Tribune hope to poblish a small sheet to
morrow. At a meeting of basinets men to-day
a spirit was manire.ted to rebuild the city and
restore basin ess.
A special meeting of the legislature will be
held to provide means for aidmz basicess men
and employment for the poor. Fears are enter
tamed that the desperate distress of so many will
create eqnads of plllacers, and life will not be
safe. To prevent this. Gen. Sneridaa is tele
graphing tor more troop, aad a special police
force has been organized by tbe citizens
Tbe only eflectca! remedy is to find employ
meet for tbe thousands who would work if they
cookl. The temporary cSce of the Western
Union Telegraph Company, ia thronged by thoo
sands. anxions to ajrise tneir friends of the ar
rangements made by the post ofioe authorities
for Eendtng. receiving and diitnbcting all mail
matter.
Chicago, Ost. 10. 8.10 p. m.
Asonin. rittx wacrnuwta snix at wo-:
Word is jast brought thit a fierce fire is rag-
ins cn 81 et Street, two miles frcm the limit oa the
south sue and a little less than that from the
limit on tbe west side. This has been set cn fire
for the purpose evidently of destroying tbe re
mainder cf the city. It is Iargsl-- ewupssd bv
wealthy residents. It is also known that two
men caught in the act of fireing OaiHiags have
been shot ani two others let off with ropes round
their necks. As the wind is bkwro; a perfect
gale the end cannot be foretold.
Krw Tore. Ost. 10, C p. m.
A despatch from Gen. Palmer, Vtee-PrtsrJent
of the Western Union Telegraph Oompasv. etkt.
tbe following reliable response frem Gen. Stager.
Superintendent at Chicago.
A (ire started in a small boiliing on 31 tt St..
but was speedilj pat out. Incendiaries are
burr. Seven or eight have been hung or sht
at right.
Sr. Locis, Mo Oct 10.
tux rinx still tuouq.
Private despatches from Chicago state that
the fire is stifl raging in the northern part of
the citr. Crowds in the streets are making
turbulent demonstration!, taking possession of
what thej choose, entering houses and alarming
inmates. There are bnt few soldiers in the citj
bat companies arc being harried from different
points.
BosTos. Oct 10
T77T mvnrs vrjs.-
The Hide and Leather coapanv have tha largest
risk, amounting to $700,000. Th lceecs of Bos-
v.. 1 :1
...tutu, 'wiH.iiwwf utaimuuBc xo9
and Leather exchange bMiay, forwarded tec
thousand dollar, to the Mayor of Chicsgo b,
Hartford, Ct., Oct 1'
rHOCXIX L5SCEAXCZ cxraXT ui a r
fhe Phoenix Insurance Company has mu
the following circular to its agent The
nix Insurance Company, of Hvrt!urd,
Oct 10 -to the agents of tais Ccmpan -As
yet we are not fully advised of the exte
our losses m the Chicago fire, but after ctose exac
inatiow of our returns from that aeencv
feel warranted in assuring oar stents and v
ross that we can meet our lease hoorrar i
promptly, leaving a handsome
Urgemrphufer future operauone. The leaac
of tim dutwter will cam pel a liberal adTano A
the ratei beratolore paid.
Cif.Cir.'' i t.-r
The following gnphx ae: iptun tn
"h T a
tne work of aubdsinf tbe fiatne Nui:-
ee witness can form any ide& rf it f A
i jower of the fire, as it reve'lel lE p.
ings and wareiuntes cn the aout
tae winJ blowing a harrxcane t t.m,
bat tbe work of imowctLr :hf ty
tbe rattth ends of the build in? f.-jn: c
dolpb. Lake asod Wavtar streeifl, ict
t the cortb doors and window,
in fierce lltunea, which often l.cke.
buldm, aad then tbe fiiui i
baildme on both iidei of the
ana pre-en. a wiiu wmm m mr co:: r
the iwet from ride to st ie .l i r.
ward a naatarea ue. inw ins a:- j.
tope. Street fter itrcet im ttn
Same. Hope walis would ui' w
ently pviog any Bound n the roar
fiiaies.
Adjuster Ironton of the Pooea .t
ComfMyv jawt from Cbtcagu, eetin.- r.
si 9UU.0tMj,0i. He says tht fin
by lneen ltsrw- He bw th- tlauit
stsnce burst from a hoaw sev? a
th- fire
B-iTUaoai M:
the CHirrAOO iTFTaani-. part
GOT BALDWIW 'F HlCBIls i
TaUKJX KTX3CWaL Coy, EtT!
Gov Hldwm of Mwhia. w
to the EpsmoosJ Convent iod am t t
eat s, procuration 10 ueiror.. c.
aeaa of the State of Micnigan
ms-vtufes for ihe relief of Ch'capc
Two tooossawd dollarr, iatcr t
sfoaury fon-l at the ptsco( a t
Birh: has tieea appropriated
('bioaft Com 1 xchane ap: -for
Cfaicavfo. Slock icbavase
bniioae, Wu. VJeaUaa satmcr.' -tvdvseced
S10.KM) for tmce-ii. -Ru:road
forward tmpples fre
plars are personally to-icitinp
aoiue for tneir siiJsrtng bret---nuMs-ia
have also appointed a ecm
aid.
Sew l
The officers aod employeei of r.
tbip, express and transnortavtioi!
a meeting here hat eight, ic!
lead oat rabschption lists 10 ail tar -is
Chicago, to be returned tr. a
patches from railway emplovees :c a
aoath state that th-y do iikew.nt r.--aabaeriptioM
to tbe relief fond sre re -all
qiiartvrs.
At a late hoar hast nigh:, eleven re- -rired
here frcm Chicago,, whotef: taert
eteaiag Tbe naaaes are J. P Hitcuc
Bi)y, J Hotcnkiss and Satnat.'. La,
New Uaveo Abtel Pavlmer, Mrs Piira
childrevi anU snree, of luicairu. ana in--turn,
of Wsterbtxry, Cods. Toe? ftt- im
osgo has been as dry as a tinier tat pae
weeks. Their description of tbe on c -all
the reports of its horrors Man-sri -and
wcoden pevemenrs ectrihaie-i isrei
tne spreai of the flats e? At tbe I-f
Honse. seTeral persons jompe-i from upper w,
(In an mnfi hauiiM wrrv tirl nri ir nt t an
thrown cnt. Tne parry heard r rvvmi
In one instanre, tcree fam ..es were surnj 1
and burned to deatn. No out ar inr l
saved anything Trunin were tirosn n
atreets, bat had to be iett taer-
Tire World's Chicag.. ppecia ji-el in- 2.
mg, states that the win 1 wa b, ,m nz ;t
.t. .nh.n& h n..
are patrolling th- c.ty The bant v.y
good eoadttion. and tbp city 1 .-a,-- T
eewiinries were shat tiv-Dtg't. 1 -t
bodies nave been foond. Toe ru n .lv
firemen, are strung a a specia
1 preraiVs. 9
Chi.
Hash Buffering has ocenrr. i sc
1 obliged to camp ont on the n
1 ber cf deaths bave rera.te 7
mittee impretMd all kinds in
t tseta water and piOTtanoiv a--
them into the chareties and
wee: and south mdea. Immenf
provision have arrived s&o&j trier-
load cooked, ready for dtambua n
sairtse islauispliml to several pieces tosio
I tag more at present Twen'.v car lja-i"
f visions and I'f.'l" blaaki-ta earn, frox
t nasi, aad twenty cars from Sl L ju:
quantities of provisions nav- arrive it' z.
cities. All rairroad. leading ont of
I carrying, free, tbe he metes to ntbee is--:
t common council passed an orl.a.r
j price of bread at gh- een'i fr a I .a-
ounces, and fixing tne pena.'y a
1 tion of tbe ordinance.
I Cook dt C a. Nations'. Banc rv
bn'iaeea at Cf Wabash A venae -a
i hie fund and papers eiv nn Ta
strife to obtain rooms an i a i
of business
Taflotei lMt u B5W iiia .t
j to b.uso.i.w. busheia. Ki-ir.
I wfa fa WI
the western movement wti. con-.iw. a-
l)no o0lt fcwotl, now rr
1 M kt ia tk, ma,h d,, tn
A11 a populated portion, of the c :v
he foUo.tng msnrenc- i-
It'thered from trustwonsv sources. I ..ra
VjrUl Brintil of UrtrJk
UytnOBl lBd yvnrusx
i S4.OW00O the -Etna, ct Ha-t: rj.
Hqbm rf Vew ycrk mch.
suranoe here and aboc:
I
tsormt lhatrict. ihe rs.jnix
f Hi-
j S70J 000 insurance h?re te c
j Mutaa!, cf Cleveland, la? rL -i
capital, but th stockhcUers hav -I
$200,000. and the company wii. cvizi--
The Pacific and Aectdeatal Cj-, t
j their entire assets. The Pi widen r c
1 nationi Company telegraphs that nt-
ia thirtf -six hoars, prepared t p- t
amonaruig to goO-),OtK. The ln c-z!-:
New York loses S1MX, which a
Field, Leater tt Co.. had
on their stock. J. V Fti-wr.
Hamlin, Hale c. S-.n-.t-t
Pacific hotel Company 1
the baiiding. a!l he!J by tne crv: a'
altera, al! tbe Chicago comian t
All the Banks wii. t a.e
A nnmber of vaults have be n c t an
costeats are onirjared Everc bis-
that, in time, tney will aiie 1, ry
lar of their mdeatedne.B Tq pj.. -e
to capture thieves, bjr'ars ani 'c
They generally deal witi th?3' rj--
prereaung farther troui't Tf.-. y
pnases, of the Ch'cago Troune n'
YLiT'rZ "1'
lTe hnndrt 1 P60
ready tor nse, as soon as afeax
floated oat or tne r.ver toT tni ikr, w:
mataed until yesterday 1 bp W
Masoas have contnhaTeJ
Tbe Grind Lodge of Fr- w. i:
ia grve 10.000. Jersej 1 ry --t-e'
each, and appointed a e ct rue r
tiens, appropriated c Uu-,
nic8 on the mori.:::.' :n.n aui
oo'lectioa mthecbur:- .1 --nJaj
jv: oaii.
Rcvisad estimates losses tr a
eoarpttsies by' the Chicago tire 1
$40,000,000. from wHics 1 1
ten to twenty percent, for ati.va
Ioraranee Company issoes a car 1
4JisS that from tne best iut .ri' t
aate to eatata, tsvey feci coon teat
will be able to pay ail its losses in
elsewhere, and lease ample eecur
tsettonef policy holders, loey
eeived assaraaoos from anmer'c
aad others, that if tt is aeotisirT
proteetiwof boaiaeas, sdditiona 1
promptly raraviahed. Thecompas
itsae poltcies ss asnsl. Tbe cl
pa ay1 a losses are not strictly i r
estimated at outwde. that the Sz
ing all lasses of the company
with iu capital intact, and aiart
sess is poortagin ax much a-ivsuc
aeeatsof the Aadea Companv.
Allemania. of Cleveland, an.
Pniladelpfau, report that thf-.r
paratiTefy sco-vll, owing to the ivc
beea doing bcitireM u Ciucair
months, and that the ralieg i-ret
1 r
I inavlveqnate. Their lajoses w.:i
I jad and paid. The 1 ham!
has sent SB0.000 of its Chiesur' -u
a speeml meesenzer. Tbe (kucjo rx
sertawd S12.00Q the GriHrrs' L a'
S 15,000; Robinson, Cbae .v
TOboleeale Drug Trade, S3.6 Ki
Lile Insursaee Comaanj. 15
cooarsisaers have placed tbrev cr
gines at tbe service of Chcago.
beea received from a grea auct i
Chicago, for an invoice of d v jpo ia
meroavandise.
Tbe Nor. h American I&S'-rar-
ml-'
thtnh that they will to able to par th
wrtboat tooehine their cacital Tt
1
Departmect, of Washinctoo. fc- r
4,000. and the Post l.-partr;
Th Legulative Aaeembiy lb I
CohinMa .smbles lo-nwrrow, e
of 8100.000 for the rriief of Cm
Supervtsiag Inspector, o' Sieamboa" i
tnnoted ?220. Tbe Il..no:s Slate K
Association of TTa.hmgton, have
SI, 000. Beaeflts iix Ctucaeo are aanj
aU San Fraaoweo plsra of amused ui
eral San Francisco insurance con Mi. e
ruined by tbe fire.
PoxTLAXn, Mi "z-
The Maiots held a eonventiim to oigh'.
voted to ran- SI, IKK) for the reUf
ternity in Chicago.
Tberoruana ijpogrFaicai u,
appropriated SloOwrthe luSering pmur
I th same city.