The Pail.
Wli looking backward from his manhood's pride,
ns not lb" specter cf his misspent time
And, through tin shadi
Of 'joe's, en-ros, planted thick beJilrd,
-e(,r la-n ul wblperoa the wind
fr,-um the loved d-ad 1
Ali l ar- r' t"3B of pMdon'f evil laot
iiun lb) Ktog u terno o reiara
Hit tlntu a-n out
ic tii o..;4 tiiul btf ium rd Sjo,
,t ii-uef, ptl bu1 half reluttul IojS,
Keirdtulof the part
Ah- t ie evil which we fIn would sbua
We o, tmd leave tbe wished fer go-d undone
iturirea;tb to-day
I mT t m jr.ow's weakness, prone to fall
i -r, hjinl. unprofitable servant all
Are we always.
a ho thus looking backward o'er his yean,
i rem uot 1 is cy-lids wet with grateful tear,
If he bath been
i -il tul, weak and sinful as he w,
c jeer ant aid in rone ennobling causa,
il. fell, w-iuen!
hath ti ddrn the outcast, or let In
.v r L.nbite to theeell of tin
li tie hath lent
tho weak, and In an hocr of need,
ring, mindless of bU creol
o b me hath heat'
t bred (n rain- And while he sins
to him, in wnom he more and Urea,
W :Ji thankful hirt
1 3 kward, and with hope before,
t j, .t irm his works teneverwore
i a i henceforth part.
Jkn O, irhittitr
i r ilir OtjtInn.- Sailor ilu),
t -oi on the tn. nine dek,l
ir, i gainl the pomp
i i who saw him there,
.e low, you're a tramp
it i he thematic-faced,
moke and ti tme
e too fly the track"
t y waj gama."
i ii,e ieck tha sallorsaad,
i J ;d not dineh
were setting very hot
r n. ia't budge aa inch
f aw. .iVi'the ship asailor erisd,
i a- be eaimlv stayed;
t u ii the hid him ftare hlmeelC
ti x red them. that played."
l- honor and fur feme,
A 't for world y pelf
vr i m.t leave my p at M he rried
j tm.w how ttc yourself."
i3Kr devoured toe stately ahlp
w a-i awta scene,
i vt the boy; were not n hand
i run Willi the machine
i ciaeaMatt the ry and all
v.-rc harld t .ward theeey
ve had reached the inaaraxuie
rv.v h-w ir thtt lor high'
Gtcrgr P. IFtMr,
u1iiHin -af.
f rpr iig, their bemntiea coyly hldiac
K uri atraacer ejo,
t us, thou, the aweet sad chiding
i li a all murt die
wiM flower. 1 loomtnx for some fisdtr
V um chan may terd.
n i .i all it blorm, thy ttill lemlnder
i'hat Hie must end
lauteous birds no floweri, glviSK
Tliftir perfume rare,
dent always here 1 lirbaz.
Are half so fair
r jht leal, which wafted from a distance,
U aft hither Sown
t i-t- r of thy hiit exit tec ee,
Ve read cur own.
Tii- "onI'h IiHinorlullty.
.ii -le into ear, the liTiicle,
"itc 'Oj mingle wuh the parent duat
iii oi meaor shall scattered lie.
'ire r d there by each loeonstant iut
v -tie sul nncoofcktus rf oeeay,
i n, m elory, throufh an rollers day
r. m. p.
JuhH 4'ntl errt.
1- Mr Cutis in?" asked a gentleman
'.aving knocked at a door, was tainted
i n i'i.an from an upper window with,
Ui'.l. what "s wantin' naow?"
I Mr uttg in?"
in or ah ut somewhere, 1 sup
-I,, replied "but I'm Mr. CattB when
v i.ne- i to le done, lie's Mr. Cutts
v- -i .u.d drinkin' and leepin' sometimefl.'
W H. uiy good woman," said the gentle
1 1 "I think he will be Mr. C'utt for my
tMi 1 wish to see htm.'
U hat do you want of him?" asked the
r.n t'lruting her he id still further out of
wm'ljw.
I'" J i something for me. ltut 1 most
mit-ilt," w.i8 the reply.
I- it real baeinew, for pay, or only a
ii i j ni want 1 can let your now hare a
p k 1 "at, or I can direct you to the short-i-'
r ..:1 t i the Four Corners, or I can I can
wt.v 1 can do anything fir you that he
"il I, and a good deal more I can take the
i iH V. and rite the receipts, and pay the
mm. and I take the produce I'm a good
n iidgi ni stick as he is, and 1 cn't be beat
ji hors?flet.h."
aBut." said the gentleman, drawing down
tii 'ici s-.lcainly. 4,you can't take his place
L IW Find him for me at once."
l',e ihrcw was baffled. "Look-i-here,
mtt.tcr maTbe you do not know the circum-i-tanee-
oi ti afc- This here farm is mine,
and i' w.i my father' alore me and Cults,
he haint no m.i.'e to 'ban that ben
1 ,wn there has. -And- '"'d. I'
m,- ,!lertlinnhc a foot bibber, and
"u, v'i twenty pounu more' What's your
I .--.n uiy place, n" I may make so hold?"'
I i -ee and talk ith your husband," re
I gentleman, getti.ig out of his chaise
r i Ii7ng his horse to a post, as if he
i :nt to ,-Uty until he did ee" him.
jou a doctor? Cause there ain't a
luinj thing the matter with Cutis. He's
t' i ht mm in town, and so be 1," said
t i- woman for the times."
my good woman. I m not a doctor,
in ni tliink your husband will be in soon
s i, th.n boy to find him," said the stranger.
I iv looked up in his mother's face
hut he kiiea his own interest too well to
htt-t without orders.
I lien you're a minister. 1 suppose, by
t I !.uk coat. I may as well tell you and
n, vour time, that we" don't go to meeting,
n i ii( n't want to. It ain't no use for you
i j, ,ltc. m tracts for nothing lor I're got n
1 .!nr and hain't no time to idle away
r. ".iin.' .i' d I keep him about so early and
:u. th.it len he's done work he's glad to
t and Test."
1 in il. inin.'iter. madam I wish 1 was,
th .u.'h lor v.ur sake." said the gentleman.
L'k here m.'eT." now appearing at
th. J .r rud lookm de6antly at him, you're
f hoolmaster hunt, tj' up a district school
ard j.u tl ink he's a cummtttee man: but lie
a.n't thi venr."
'"end f.'.r your husband. I eannot wait
mueh longer. 1 must see h'n.' at once."
I'l.c b it started to his .rett again, and
l..Lid in' Ins mother's eve, but she gare no
Hiiirehin ordeTs.
Ma'am Ciitts." us the ncigl'lors called
her. drop l her bands at her side and heav
ed a gr.wn. She bad found a nan she
e .tildn't matinge.
'ec here, now, mister," she said, "1 can
read a man riht through, and 1 knew w.Sat
you was the blessed minute 1 clapped my
"yes on you. I can tell by your everlastin'
r that you are a lawyer. We hain't
,t i. i .iurrels don't want no deeds drawed
"r m.ide, so if jou 're huntm' a job of
,u ,si mil. ou m:i"v n well onhitch your
ri-e and drive on.' We know enouzh to
ike a litt le money, and I know enough to
IJ on to it.
Mv good Toman, you entirely misunder
.MndmyerraLd. lean tell no person but
i miKn w,a, it is, and must tell bim in cod-
K ne. and alo ie. If be chooses he can
re.ik it to you th beet way he can."
mv "goodnc sake alive! Brother
l.itV h, ii,d up in the Mississippi boat, 1
'.t' o. lame, the ior fellow! He left a
huh- something, didn 't lie
I neicr biard of bim, and nobody s
Mowed ur.' that ki"w of," replied the
'ontleman.
'U now 1 know V n. re the man what
wants 1 1 go to Congress. anJ hare come here
huntin' alter votes. He i-hr.ll not vote for
,u' I hate politicians, eejeially tbetn
that goes again women, and thinks they were
'i. i k- to drudge and nothir.' else t go in
I i Iree and equal right-! for white folks
l.i. t, and women for Scripture ays. 'there
-n't neither man or woman, but all's one in
h-i. 1 believe tbe day is coni'n' when
t-u. ,i a- ou and me will have to TO the
W 1 1 woman, afore you can get the big
VW. ar.J high pay that's a eatin' us up with
ui-' You can't fee my husband! We
arp J in t, the polls on the way to the mil!,
an i I ii Kotniseyou that he votes right."
I m iio candidate, and 1 don't know what
ii i" talkin" about. Ah there comes tho
I want."" And tbe stranger went to
fai.i .ir. Cutts. who had just leaped a pair
'1 irs which led froui the 'potato patch into
t'n lane.
Mrs Cutts 8ew into the liouse for her sun
'innet, to lollow them but by the time
uot to the bars, ber mysterious visitor
ir. it 'utts were driving rapidly down the
rud
1 he strong-minded woman shouted after
r husband, "Vou'd better come back, 1
V Ii jou but the wind was the wrong way,
uwd earned tbe words intu the potato patch.
5jrt" said the gentleman to honest Cutts,
-I lave a very simple question to ask you,
hut 1 siiall have to ak you in confidence. 1
will give you five dollars if you will promise
not to repeat my words until to-morrow."
"Well, sir," replied Cutts, -'I shouldn't
like to answer any questions that would
nuke trouble among my neighbors. I have
mv Hands full. I can tell you, to keep out of
rapes now but i ve done it, and hain t an
enemy in the world, as I know.
But. sir, you needn't reply to my qucs--on
unless you are perfectly willing," said
-.tie straner.
"Ask jour question," said Cutis, "and I
wiUnot ret cat it."
'Well. .Mr. Cutis, I am laying fence on
"tie Brisley place, that I bavejett bought,
and I was directed to inquire uf you nrhere
S could buy cedar posts A fellow in thfi
store sasj. Cutts can tell jou, if bis wile
will let ism but she won't. She'll insist
on teliingyou heinjlf and perhaps, offer to
unveyou wuercveryou goto order tnem.
VOL. XLV. NEW SERIES, VOL. XVIII.
"I told them I would ecc joa and ask jou
only and the fellows let on it. Thej are to
give you ten dollars, and to two or three
widows in the town, a cord of wood each, if
I succeed in asking you this question alone,
and making pure your wifedoca not know my
business until after breakfast to-morrow
morning.
Cutts knew his wife's landing too well to
feel very sensitive and taking the bill frcrn
me stranger, ne smneu pnd said
"I'll go with you to look out cedar posts,
and keep dark, for the joke's fake but I
don't know as she'll let me stay in tho house
to-night1 I don't own it." replied the cood
natured Cutts.
"Suppose you eo to the Tilaee and s tn
fctting the poets. I will wnrf lw tll
her you had to co riff sndrlonlr, t;,i.
business, and will bo luck in the' morning,"
said the stranger.
"I'll do that," replied Cutts, "for I never
quarrel with ber. but let her have her own
way. I don'f want to worry myself about
triCes."
Good man," paid the straoster. "there
are no trifles in this life. The smallest act
is important, and that easy good nature of
yours will ruin your family. Iiaiile that
spirit to-day and neit Sunday take your
boys and go to tbe house of God. whatever
sbe savs.and be a real man at the head of
your own bouse und family."
'It's rather lato to begin," said Cutts,
shaking his bead in a way that would have
warned others from the tran in which hi i
feet were fast.
"You see the purse is bers," lie added,
and that baa been a cruller fetter than her
will to me. Bot I will try to cegin anew, for
her good and the children's."
The boy was sent with the message, but
tbe boy wasn't sharp enough. Madain Cutts
discovered tbe whereabouts of her lord,
facklod up and went after him.
All tbe way home, and far into tbe night,
shented ber eloquence, both in pleadings
and threatening', tn find out tbe mysterious
errand of that hateful town nabob that had
eome into tho country to separate happy
families.
But Cutts yielded himself up to a --dumb
spirit" for the night, and no measures could
induce him to talk on any subject out of
him.
About midnight sbe wore herself out, and
went to sleep but at daybreak she began
again. He then ventured to say, "As sjon
as breakfast is over, I'll break tbe news to
vcu."
ou'll never eat a morsel in my house. I
i.-X:..u' 1.' ""J"?,""EJ
told me what the man wanted ot you.
"Then you'll wait a good while to bear it,"
said Cutts. "f r I hare vowed l'd never tell
it till 1 had first eaten my breakfast," and
with these words he went out.
.Ma'am Cutts endured tbe torture as long
as possiole. and then got breakfast. Sbe
called to the door to no one in particular,
Come."
But Cutts didn't come. After a while she
went out to the barn, and found him seated
on an upturned half-bushel measure, calmly
peeling and eating a raw turnip.
-It does seem as if this here man had pos
sessed you! Your breakfast is cooling; do
come m.
Here was a point gained.
Cutts went in as required, and ate his
breakfast. When that was over, madam set
tled herself back in her chair, with her face
full of eager expectation, and said
"jNow begin. What did that ere man
want?'
He wanted some cedar post, replied
Catt. calmly, without looking up and that
was all.
If an arrow bad struck

Ma am Cutts, eho
could not nave manuested more surprise
and sbame.
kl am the laughing stock of this town,"
added Cutts. "and from this hour I turn
over a new leaf. I'm henceforth the bead uf
my family and unless this house is made 1
mine, I shall finish off a room in the barn
which is mine and you will be welcome to 1
share it with me. If not, I'll live there with
my boys, and you will find me a civil neigh
bor." I
Ma'am Cutts' power was broken. Since
then tbe farm has been called '"John Cutts'
place," and he's the bead of the house.
uonii'ii;uiti:.
A small mean-looking man, weak limbs,
always palpitating with a nervous shiver .and
a timid, irreeolute gait. His dress was
faultlessly neat and precise. Head powdered,
not a single hair awry. Bright blue coat,
buttoned tightly at the hips, but open at the
chest to display the spotless white waistcoat:
yellow breeches, white stockings, shoes and
buckles. This costume is never varied, ex
cept that the shoes are sometimes exchang
ed for top boots. The face in eh arp and
teaky; the forehead projects over tbe tern
pies, and is compressed at each side like that
of a wild beast; eyes blue, deeply sunken,
with heavy lids, and a latent, savage spar
kle; nose small, straight, expanded at the
nostrils; mouth large, lips thin and pal id;
compressed at the corners; chin rmall and
pointed; complexion yellow, livid, cadaver
ous. Habitual expression grave, with a
half sweet, halt sinister smile. Every mus
cle of tbe lace working with a ceaseless
twitch. Over the whole, a terrible expres
sion ot concentrated purpose. When he
tpeaks his gee-tures are awkwa:d, his fingers
work nervously bis voice is shrill and dis
cordant; when agitated by rage or exulta
tion it sounds like the scream of a hyena.
After leaving college, Itobespierre became
a student of jurisprudence. 11 h studies com
pleted, he returned to Arrae. I lis old friend,
the liithop, procured him an appointment in
tbe Criminal Court, lie now distinguished
himself as a strenuous advocate tor tbe abo
lition of capital punishment; and not long
after he had accepted tbe membership, being
compelled, in virtue of his office, to condemn
a criminal to death, he was so painfully af
fected that rather than undergo tbe same in
fliction he chote to resign his office. Does
not this read like tbe wildeet table? It was
no hypocrisy; for what could be gain by it
Only the displeasure of his iatrons. No
the nature of the man was utterly devoid of
physical courage; and all such natures in
htinctively ebrink from blood, which is in
their minds, inextricably associated with vio
lence with that physical contention for
which their nerve? unfit them. I hate said
they instinctively shrink from blood; yes,
until they taete it; then tbeir appetite grows
insatiable for it.
Even as late aa 1791, we find him hotly 1
maintaining his old war against capital pun-
iahmcnt. On tbe occasion of a motion of
Lepelhtier Pargeau for lor its abolition, he
uttered these remarkable words: "In the'
eyes of justice and mercy tbefe death-scenes, I
which aro gotten up witb so much solemnity, I
are nothing less than ba-e assassinations, sol
emn crimes, committed, not ny indi
viduals, but by nationp. and of which every
individual must bear the reepjostbility.
To take away from man tbe possi
bility of expiating his misdeeds by repentance
or by acts of virtue, if, in my eyes, the most
horrible refinement of cruelty
Listen to" these rassases from the verv
speech in which he was urging upon the as
sembly the death of the King: "For my-
selt, 1 aonor tne penany oi ucaui;
but a dethroned king in the heart of a re
public not yet cemented neither
prison nor exile can give bim a harmless ex
istence. It is with regret I pronouuee the
fatal truth, Ixiuis must perie-h because our
country must live. I vote lor
death."
The mind of this man had passed through
many phases since he resigned oh office at
Arras on a similar question, xna wo
6lurgirh mind its qualities developed slow
ly, and each quality required a eparatc
stimulant to become active. He felt but lit
tle of ambition then for he beheld no great
object within his reach; and remember, he
jn-fsesbed no daring, no talent for the im
practicable; but little of envy, for his asso
ciations were mediocre. Egotism must have
always teen prominent, but it wa? tbe ego
tism of ideas, the w-orehip of an iioal stan
dard of lofty principle which he had created
within, the worship of self in the abstract.
But now, in tbe year 1791, the supremo
greatness was within his grasp he might
become the the foundcrof the republic of his
dreams, establish the idolized pridciplcs of
his Kousscau, be the creator of a new
order of things, the great philan
ihropiet of all ages. He had been brought
into collision with every phase of greatness
greatness of soul, of intellect, and of station;
conscious inferiority humiliated him, and in
such a mind envy grew in proportion to hu
miliation. The growth of cgotjnn was a natural
sequence to that of the other passions. Al
though still a believer in the principle of the
abolition of capital punithment for this
strange being never forsook a principle once
lormcd tnat principle was awancd into in
significance beside tbe mightier ones that
now bnrnoj within bis mind,filling him with
a wild faoatifjem, fixing his eye afar off upon
tbe future, blinding him to the present, bur
Tying bim on with the resistless fury of a
demoniac. Sweep away KiDg, sweep away was published.too. Miss Smith Miss Han
tiuecn, nobles, every enemy, every rival of ner Smith."
Jlaiimilian llobcspierre! Let every stone of "May we be permitted to inquire, Mr.
"axis stream with blood; pile up corpses un- Smith, whijt was the precise character of tho
til they crimson the face of heaven: decimate j affront ofiered to Hannah
the world, so that the great JS70 may tri- Wcll.you fee," 6aid Smith, "the blaek
umph. Then for the millenium, the reign 1 guard saidshe was a denizen. And 1 want
of iace. enualitv. liWtv rnfKmitr prl
lore and "ood-feliowshinnn morn hnnipr
no mure crime, no more Mood fpMws
I... 1
But this ciirantic Tirocrammc rzrew in his
mind only by degrees. The cowardice of his
nature would have shrunk appalled, even on
the very eve of its realization, at the vision
of tbe reign of terror. With the short-sightedness
of great criminals he thought he
could stay his hand at any moment. The
King removed, the nobles swept away, and
the bloody work was done. How small a
sacrifice for ho grand an end But it
was the old fableol tho Hydra, in this case
multiplied a hundred fold; for, for every
bead cut off, two sprang up in its place,
which doubled and quadrupled until tho vic
tims bad to be condemned in batches of fifty
and sUty at a time, until canals of blood ran
through tho streets until he was beard to
cry in his solitude, "Nothing but blood
bow much more wben will it end?"
But it was not tho cry of humanity of
that bo io8ced not a particle; human suf
fering touched him not at all to that ho was
utterly callous. Amid all the frightful
butchery ho lived through, ho never once
raised his voice to save one human life.
There is an atecdote told of him which will
better cierajlify his nature than pages of
description.
A friend with whom be was most intimate
and who was sincerely attached to bim beg
ged him to save the life of a certain
prisoner who was ordered for execution.
"At what hour is he to suffer?" asked Kob
espietre. "At eight," was tho reply. "I
would most willingly oblige you, but I never
rise till nine. It is impossible," an-wered
the despot. The man was marble. Temple
liar.
Arc Women Slaves?
Xo line of argument in the suffrage cause
is mere fatuous than that which assumes the
women of this country to be in any sense
slaves. If the laws on the statute books
were forty times worse than they are. it
would be equally fatuous. Such an assump
tion is an insult, and no argument. It has
scarcely truth enough to sting. It hardly
arouses resentment; it slightly excites con
tempt; it never convinces tbe reason. It
thewcak; but it does not advance the cause
in those quarters where advance must lie
made if benefit is to ensue. Ihe women of
this country are as free in word and deed as
the men. so far as the ballot aliens freedom.
Their ownership of property is in many cases
as absolute; and where there is a dinerence
it is a difference of degree not of
kind. The wife does not hold ber
property free from ber husband's con
trol; but neither does he hold his free
from her control. The restrieti ms may not
be equal: but both are restricted each by the
other. Wives, and perhaps women, cannot
hold office but it is not wholly because they I
arc women, nor necessarily because women j
a-e considered inferior to men. Many men j
are equally ineligible, and some men tiv rca
son ol no inferiority. All members ol both1
houses of Congress are legally disquali-
Bed for holding office during their term uf
service; but it involves no discourtesy to
them. The idea which underlies tbe law is,
formthe tW( .s latWB. Kad it ;B D0.
reasonable to nuppoee that this precisely j
tbe idea which underlies the legal diwiuslifi-
I r T Mu;M ,k;,
ftocial atifii in this country, it id as easy
to
beheve that tbey are forbidden to hold iffice
on account of the superior service which they
render to the state in other directions, and
with which officeholding might conflict, as it
is tj neneve xuat taey are roroiaaen on ac
count ot inferiority or for tbe purpose of en
slavement. Women know that they arc not
slaves. Bad as ares me ef the laws in some
of tbe states, there is none in which women
do not possess the essentials of liberty: none
in which women may not exercise entire
i freedom of thought, of word, and for the mot
part of deed, hampered only by bonds which
j are the result of their own a'ts or character,
j All the laws which unjustly restrict them
j tbey may iu the most public manner de
nounce and use all their cfiSns U destroy
The changes which have been effected in thte
latter years show that denunciation if not
the dashing ol impotent rage against an i-ji-1
movable body, but may bee ime a skillful in
strument for fashioning ihe ugly block int a
I shapely statue. To inform the mother of a
i family the woman who stands at the head.
ruling, guiding, watching, influencing, con
trolling her h unhand in twenty matters 1 r
one in which be controls ber. taking in socie
ty the position for which her abilities tit her
to tell her that she is a slave, or even a
chilJ; to tell a woman who does not t ike the
position for which she is fitted because ehc
hah not leisure for it, who spends the long
days in cooking, sewing, care-taking tor 1st
tie children who do nut know enough to be
thankiul, and for a hard-working husband,
who has a I way Itccn used to seeing women
irk, and U not ocrmuch troubled thereby I
a wile who is tuua! partner in the family 1
firm, and whose word bag equal force in the
family councils, ntclla woman whose life
has been one longer of endurance from a
tyranical,miserly, jtty husband; to tell a
young girl, free, and merry, or an unmarried
woman of mature years, ot active life, of defi
nite purposc,or 'anxious and aimless' through
lack of purpose, that they arc one and all
slaves because they cannot vote, argues
an iudistinctnoHS of vision or a misuse ol
words that bodes ill t j any cause. It gives a
made-up air tj the whole grievance. It
looks as if there were no ground uf com
plaint. It looks as if women were so well-off
that real fault could not be found with their
condition, and, therefore, a demonstration it
arranged to prove that they are logically
what jractieally every one knows that they
are not, and what, without the demonft ra
tion, no one would ever suspect them of
being. Unhapfily, there are reactions
which ought to be removed restrictions
from which these false issues divert attention
and to the removal of which they Itecome.
therefore, real obstacles.
It is only tbe most etuptd and degraded of
slaves who are content with slavery, who do j
nut wish to be free. Do tbe advocates of wo
man suffrage know what they are doing wben
iney jisen tneir opponents to such 7 Do they
know what sort of woman it is upon whom
they attempt to fasten tbe stigma of servili
ty? Do they understand tbe meaning ot
words when tbey assume tbe monopoly of
self-recpeet and self-control, and deny the
possibility of the posesion of these quali
ties to all other women Gaif Hamilton tn
Independent
A Scene in an Editor's Sanctum.
The Philadelphia Dtspatch Conde&canda to
perpetrate the following A week or two
ago one of our reporters had occasion to re
fer to a certain woman whooi we will call
Hannah Smith as a denixen of the Eleventh
Ward. A day or two afterward a hngh man
entered the office with his brow clothed with
thunder. Io his hand he carried a fearful
club, and at bis side trotted a bull dog whom
hunger evidently had made desperate. Witb
that quick appreciation of the situation
which is creditable to the superior intelli
gence of educated men, tbe editors of this
paper and the proprietors darted to the win
dow, climbed outside, lid down the lightning
rod, and went across the Mreet to watch the
bloody fray through a spy glae. With the
fearlessnesw of concious innocence, we sat
ttill, merely i user ting our legs in two fec
tions of ttoe-pipe, to guard against misap
prehenfcion ol facts on the part of tbe bull
dog. The man with tbe club approached.
4Are you tbe editor?" he asked, spitting
on his hand and graining his club. W e told
him that the editor was out that he had
gODe to the North Pole with Captain Hall,
and that he would not return betorc 1770, in
time for the centennial celebration.
Are you tbe proprietor?" aked tbe
man.
Wc explained to him that we were not,
that tbe proprietors were also out; that they
had gone to iiouth America tor tbe purpose
of investigating tbe curative properties of
cundurango, and they expected to remain
there for tevcral years.
"Well, whoever you are,' exclaimed the
warricr, "my name is Smith
Wc told him wc were glad because, if
there was one thing better than the josses
fcion or the name of Smith, it was the privi
lege of knowing a man of that name. 4But,
Smith'wosaid, "why this battle array?
It is absurd for a man to jut on the panoply
of war, and fritk into editor's sanctums, fum
bling a club and accompanied by a disheart
ening bull dog,$impiy because his name hap
pens to be Smith.
He said he called in to bnet the head of
the man who had insulted his sister.
It is impossible, Smitb,that such a thing
could have been dune by nnyone in this
office.
"Ia it? but it was though; and her name
i.n,t;h;n hi
1 fcecom-
b
wild minner over cur head, while the bull
dog advanced and commenced to sniff up and 1
down our stovepipe; "1 want you to under
stand that she's a decent young woaian.with
a good character, and none of jour denizens
and such truck. Ihe man who says she's a
denizen is a blackguard and thief, and I'll
smash him over the nose if I get a chance.
They may say what they pleass about me,
but tno man who abuses my si-ter has gut
to suffer." And Smith struck the table in
a violent manner with his club, while the
bull dog Hit his fore legs on the back of our
chair.
Wc pacitied Smith with a dictionary.
Wc pointed out to that raging warrior that
Websterian definition of tho word "denizen"
gitcs such a person an unoflending character
and deprhes the term of everything like re
proach Smith said be was satisfied, and he
shook hands and kicked the bull-dog down
stairs. The editoi- and prprietors, seeing
that all was sale, immediately climbed the
lightning-rod and soon appeared at the win
dow, where tbey were introduced to Smith,
n ith the remark that they had returned from
tbe North l'ole and the clime of the cundu
rango somewhat unexpectedly, in order to
surprise tbeir relations.
And now we suppose mith will lie mad
because wc have told this story about him,
and he will be coming down to interview us
again in war's magnificently stern array,
with a fresh bull-dog. But it will be in vain.
Wc have rented an ofiL-c in the top of the
shot tower, and have planted torpedoes and
spring guns all the way up stairs. AVe warn
this incendiary mith to lieware.
111. -UN I'r.oiiim The i-ejteh and the
Spaniards have hitherto divided the credit of
possessing the largest stock ol proverbial wis-
dom. but were the literature ot lius-ia more I
widely known she might prove a formidable
rival to the land of the oatmeal or to that of
Granger?. c .vc a lew Fpeciment
We ,'ive a few- sneeimens. which I
on account ol their terscneK. their nuatnt.
homely igr, and dry, Sancho Panza satire,
hcarceh'nccd the aid of rhyme to recoui- j
tuend them. They are. indeed, more fully
than words can express, the faithful mirror j
of thebhrewd.hiinple, d eJ.humoruUrj K i- j
oian mind, ever veiling its natural keennem j
under a mask of habitual and impenetrable i
stolidity
(io after two wolves, and yuu will nit
even catch one."
"A good heinnin in halt th6 work."
'Truwt in Ood, but d) nut stumble your
self." "With God, even crow the sea without I
bim, not even to the threshold
"Money w not (it id, but it nh wn rcit i
mercy." 1
The deeper you hide anything tl-e f- r
you find it."
"A debt hi adorned with r.i V
"Roguery is the last ot'tr t i-
"Never take a crook' i j r i
aee a straight one.
"Fear not the thr-
thcr the tears of the
"Ask a pig to .inii
feet on the table
"Disease come- in 1
b .tr .rpriltt!( fr
"An old fn i i s
"Be praisel r r
"ft hen ti
"A father"
water, njr
"A mother
depths uf t!
1 j fire.
r will dra
Pieanat Paragraphs.
L, the poor Indian Summer.
A romance of the middle ages A. i
maid's love-letters.
Ijgs t lie color of the dress are the wi
n:le t r ladies.
Prety necktie for a you" man The an -of
hif sweetheart.
II iw ofui do we fir t man's better
half gite no juarter.
Thee ml merchan itc aphorism-
One ginnl too deserve
Tbe best person in be only pen
to till a vacuum, is a c
On which aide of a c would you 1- V
f t the most hair? Tfc. side.
In Colorado a bald m finds hie .t
ailuded to at" a Ban i his bead u
timlcr line."
Tituvili declares thu Nibwm's v -mucitMl
as tbe How of the b u
lubricating il.
"Bill, I ea; a good deal offish no t'l t
say it. good for the beain." "It ie t
Jtihn, I 'll buy yoa a whale."
A jretv girl sivs; "If it was
Adam t hve "inle when there
woman on earth, li
with the world lull
w guilty areo i
of pretty g
enough
I w ih yutt had been Eve
intia-tingv oil aunt, pr
meannchs. "Why so!'" "lie i.
"you would hac cuuii ii' i: 'j 1 m-u i 1
ol dividing
A mniden hdy alluding t 1 r t.t Inl
aeomj lishments. Nti j that at sit r 'nth-i-t"
age the went aloi.e. A malicious mdm lo.il
present remarked "Yes' nnd you luuc I-e n
g ling al nc ew r -ince."
meoody lias utiliz- d pet nnd other noun s
thus Kor a pnnlei V wife. Em for a spcrt s
wife. Bet ty for a lawyer's wife. Sue for a
tpameter's wife., arrie, for a fisherman's wife,
Xet-ty tor a shoemaker's wife. Peg-gy; for
a carpet man's wile. Mattie, for an auction
eer's wife. Iild-dy i r a chemist's wite.
Ann Eliza tor an tngineer's wile, Bridge-it.
The !iri- timt ark (umwin
Oi n. Har-
ner's Razir has a wort of com f rt lor the jirl
who are beginning to "go off," as our Koghsh
cousins have it We say that our friend is
pasHce. Is she pact her intelligence, her
good-nature, her power uf entertainment, her
wit, her uselulnc generally On the con
trary, she has usually but juit attained ex- i
pcrience enough i enable her to comprehend j
and join in convcioution aliove the mediocrity 1
nf nsin Und titter ami n.inir,limnr hi.,-
gaycty is not mere pigling, but there U in it j
something of the Uab of encountering intel-
lects; r-he has dinerttion enough to be silent,
and know ledge enough to speak on occatdon
no longer raw, or shy. or jinfu!ly i-clf-con-scious,
her nianr.er- have a charm ol'eaec that
gives ease to all around her; if she has ac
complishments, they arc practiced and
mature, and yuu .re srred, lor instance,
the familhr horror of a school-girl's music
if sbe has not tbe rosy loveliness of her youth,
ehe has a knowledge of the arts of the toilet
that makes her drees perfect and hercelf an
RitracmconjecE; in lact, hbe his only just
become capable of enj ving und civin en-
joy m ent in society and cu far from the
juung luiuiM wuu can ner iiaetce having any j
right to slurs in her regard, it is she who.
should uehcrseil an arbiter of society, and
have authority to pronounce whether or not
they are in any sense fit to enter its charmed
circle?, lndeed.it may well excite all the
wonder that it dues among Euroieans tliat
the young are here allowed to absorb all the
enjoyments of our social life the young,
who Bavo nothing but their youth or their
beauty to give; whose minds and manners
are almost totally untrained and insufficient
who are, indeed, objects of pleasure to the
eye, and wherein tbey yield other pleasure or
profit do so rather in a subsidiary way than
in the main. We do not wish to undervalue
the element of innocence and frohnees which
the young bring, or are suppled to bring,
withthcai; but we maintain that the virtue
of years, with their knowledge of the world
wc live in, and their preparation for tho
world we hope to live in their wisdom,
their grace, nnd their charity arc ot at least
equal value, and dewve equal recognition
in the places wbcie men and women meet to
gether and we protect against the curving
of the "contumelious lip" over the claims to
courtesy and consideration of the woman be
yond her girlhood.
Save a Little. Every man who is oblig
ed to work for his living' should make it a
point tj lay up a little money for that "rainy
day" which we arc all liable to encounter
when least expected. The beet way to do
this is to 01-en an account with the savings
lank. Accumulated money is always safe it
is always ready for use when needed. Scrape
together five dollars, make your deposit, re
ceive vcur bankliook, and then receive to
deposit a given sum; small though it be,
once a month, once a week, according tn th.
circumstances. Nobody knows without try
ing it how easy a thins it is to save monev
when an account with a tank has been open-
ed. With such an account a man feels a I
.AT;mi
BURLINGTON, VT., FRIDAY
desiro to enlarge his deposit. It gives him
lessons in frugality and economy, weans bim
from habits ot extravagance, and is the very
best guard in the world against intempfraneo,
uissipauou, uuu tiec.
Varieties.
Omnipotence furnishes strength.
Wit and humor beloDg to genius alone.
Shark bones are exhumed in Minnesota, a
hundred miles away from any water.
Some one recently tried to set fire to the
Governor's houso at S icramcnto
A new waterproof cloak, of boiled silk,
lined with rubber, has been invented.
Cincinnati is excited over the discovery cf
a female deck-hand on o f tcamcr.
Papas will look black when the bills for
jet ornaments ate presented this winter.
Dr. Greeley went to sleep in church at
Rochester, Minn.
A new stylo of car rin is in tho shape of
a yacht with flags and sails flying.
An Indianna b)v liffd two days after frac
turing his skull so'badly that a large quan
tity of tho brain escaped.
Tho M.iyonof Macon, Ga., offers a silver
service to the prettist g't' wl, wi" appear at
the State Fair in liomespun.
Several independent females in Karly
county, Ga., ate reported to have left tbeir
husbands in order to avoid starvation.
Mr. Thomas .Nast, the well known euiea-turi-t,
is a resident of Klizabeth, and a com
muter on tho New Jersey Bailway.
Biches ought tn be used as a means to some
end and not to be lavished on every occa
sion. Wc may judge of men by their conversa
tion toward GoJ, but never by bod's dispen
sations toward them.
A private sorrow may overcome a man.
who could brave a hundred battles, or bear
aeeutest physical pain without a murmur. J
ylrtue will cateh as well as vice by eon- t
tact9. EDj the public fltock of honest, manly j
prjocjpie ,vji da,ly accumulate. j
enwade men
v.'. 'K,v ;u I
J
be brought to live like beasts also.
If hapj iness means absence of care and in
experience of painful emotion, the best secu
rities of it are a hard heart and good diges
tion. After having been run over by a long
train ol cars, an Irishman devoutly crossed
i himself and remarked that be wouldn t
run another risk like that for tin dollar."
An exchange says: The extraordinary
person who took the Florida census put the
number of Indian down at two. He lacked
only two hundred and eleven ty-cight of bein
j correct.
A fellow feeling. Indignant Old Lady.
"Guard, do you allow smoking in thin com-
partment" Obliging f.uard "Haw.uu I
it nino' the gentleuun o1 rt, je ian tik'
.'It draw the j i pe
Mr I nwm. a farm-T "j le K il1 oM
0 ii, rc-i-ted the -ening ol a -ce with ,i
1 t' !,f. -rk lately, and was t irallv eho: J v t' e
i n-t.i).le I nwin was an r u liilnn it
1
i'rtd lmd in 1'eKalh Cun' m-um! u ir
I!e h ii the rej utati n f a 1 rui-er
Aim t eu rywh re we -ee .'n Minim,
t -ndetii y in the church to r-'ale- witu t'
Vi -rl i i- it- h ictc to U rich, to -e k p n' -n
t ifi 'igt in ltr lij1 t ..nd .un ium
m ii'-. tt MiVtitutt -iiitw.irl .ireniiT,
d irt w ir. t ign re the in ir. i in I t'
gr. ai'Mlf "t the nti.
i'u gri'.tt iliavrcnce Utivtui ium.
Uctii !li' l-i-'V1 n fid j ut rJui "i- rt
iti 1 in-. !iif' int it- em-rv w iri.uV. i t r
mirriti m a nrf e on-- ttii 1 nj n at
th'ti d.ath .r w. t- ry Jhit ,ntl.'
i i'u i-r- a ni. thirg tha' i- j i i-1 in lio r
i' i tah r.t. n i v ircuui-tati. t n -j i- r'. ir.it. i -will
uiakf a urin with i t
man h i-n r.-a v rv In'-. w1 ti
j r ent rzy n!v i'i -i m at. 1 n
mi I r tl.t t A luat t u n t jr
i i ar 1 -tr -n j 1 i"h
j iti.re f
ur t'.
t-. t
i nt lect ti.iing uf
t -in 1 not- ;i gr r
tr C hWt
tlo "J i
in t i
,it.
d or in th- eu
.n. 1 ini-H rab!
1 hi
irt
bat w. 1 i' it .t.
wc 1 Act i ar- .at
i .it w ith wc gra i 1 1
It i' u res irit ur -j
itt m ith the g
tl in f ev wh i g "jt
t .ri-ti uu w -ulJ r
ti -t en MfU"n
1 i i ri it tmnie 1 it- .1
1 intt ne and iir
w.i- htatl i tiir-li an i
ur-t ;vi
aid wl
imitate
n lives.
1 are mi.
il 'ie t. b
er have -u
un re nt g
lo a 1 i..
i it we a -ml
a! f
1 1 ,v vv t
.b .t'r i;.r
ht t'f v i
C C( l.d b. i
,ti oil
.j.ies i 1
opt fltl Tl
I
on In
'1 r'uon- l.ivr I 1
i. 1
in
I
m uiy a di
t '.th. '.ii t'.
ap"-t li' -i
iti t' .tr. I
-t iti in 'n
i'i i m. i
if m-i
n.n tl
I'
tht
'if .ry
and i
I
t 111 M
rk-
'al H.-j
I t 1 c r- ii r un i
-e thirtv Wni.J.'!..
l! re die t ni c ii
1
nar-, in ver ir:
ri h.itic- -ir
tb.it
to
1 i
uitive c nuui indm ntf,
1 iiutl r'l L
and Th u bh.i t stctl.'
t Lifayette. Inluni. Mr. drf.
i i ill 1 by Mr. Ian 'le. Httving p
V Wi
1 ulv t i
Mr dre 'ty. .Mr. L n -aid be w o x'.r t
1:1; -in the r nind- a t.ew curn-t-hf Hf r un in
vint 'ti t hi s own. .ind he forked Mr i-t cle
t i with hi n 1 1 inspect it. Mr r-(.
uiinnglv a-M-ntt d, and the two -tarti 1 of:
Mr I- ngle led the w ly to the j ig -tie- and
f!i iwi I Mr breeltj the meanest ItKiking hoc;
in a.i Indiana. It- n ik? is two fei t 1 ing -in 1
ito back as sharp a- a carvinj-kmle Mr
ingle pmtcd to thu wonderful tjuadruitd
with in tint te pride, and&aid. There, Mr. i
uiy patent ejrn-heller. What do von think
of it?' Mr. Greeley looked at Mr. Ling:c
and then at the wonderful hog. Presently a
broad smile beamed on bis face. anlhc turn-
ed away without uttering a word.
n-cr(e of the Nile. This great river
rises in tbe .Mountains of the .Moon, in about
ten degrees of north latitude, and in a known i
courfc of one thou -and two hundred nnd fifty
Tho travels of IJruce were undertaken to
discover tho source of tho Nile. Ho set out
iw-iw iui; rucwuwr. a uc
from England in June, 17u on tbe 14th
November, ImU, tic attained the great object
of bis wishes, and returned home in 1773.
The Nile overflows regularly every year, from
the 15th ot June to the 1 7th of September,
when it Itegins to decrease, having given
fertility to the land and it mutt ri-o sixteen
cu bits to injure that fertility. In 1S20 tbe
inundation of the Nile rose to twenty-six
instead of twenty-two cubits, by which thir
ty thousand people were drowned, and an
immense amount of property lost.
A neighbor mused corn from his garner
ar.d bis suppiciont) rested upon a reckless
fellow whom cvervbodv called Sam. Tbe
corn wa kept in a chamber over tho kitchen
which wan left open and accessible by a lad-
uer. ibe victim ot the mianignt'ttiellerv
as another neighbor calls it' determined to
fatiffy himself concerning tbe identity of the
thief and made a temporary bed upon the
kitchen floor and lay down to watch. About
the hour when "churchyards yawn" ho was
arouecd from a partial (-lumber by the rat
tling of the ears of corn overhead, when lie
suddenly called out at the top of hi voice:
"Hello quickly responded the thief, taken
entirely ofl his guard by this sudden call.
"Can't take more than a bushel." "Then 1
shall have to pour it out for I've got two in
the hag already."
In 1SG3 a fat man ruEhed into the office of
a well-known New Hampshire l.twyer, and
told him he was drafted. "The deuce you
are," said the lawyer. "It must be a strong
man that could draft a man of your size."
"Well, I am drafted and want you to get mo
off. I'll pay well for it." "Very well;"
and they proceeded to tho office of tbe Pro
vost Marshall. "Here," said the lawyer,
lvegotyou a substitute." He won't
do,' said the Marshal. "He's too fat and
wheezy he can't march.'" "Cannot you
take him just for me?" said the lawyer.
"No, said the Marshal, "it's no uee I
don't want him. This was just1 what tho
lawyer wanted. "He won't do eh "No,
he won't "Well, then, snatch his name
off the list, for he is dratted, and came here
with tno to be exempted The Marshal saw
they had proved too much for bim, and with
out anuther word ordered the man's exemp
tion papers.
A certain eminent temperance lecturer
was setting forth a most awful portraiture
cf old King Alcohol, when a muzzy-looking
brother ane in the comer of the ball and
observed: "I likt ask the cenTman a
queeh'n." "Certainly, my triend." said the
urbane speaker, "by all means.' "I wlnh't
inquire of tho gen'lm'n 'f he's ever been
MORNING, OCTOBER 527,
light?" "Thank God, no!" was the re
sponse. "This brain has never been mud
bled with the accursed thing." Onco more
the muzzy one spoke "Then don't the
gen'l'man seem to use great familiarity
'bout an entire stranger, 't long he haint
introdooccd The speaker had to strugglo
for some moments before be could circumvent
the unseemly interruption, and get back to
the thread of his disconrsc. You sec he did
not know whereof he affirmed.
Tbe origin of warts lias from time immem
orial agitated the scientific mind. We al
ways supposed they grew like a hum on a
tree, but the following from a cotemiiorary
would seem t argue against such a theory:
The papillomata (warts ondylomats epithe
lioma,) originated essentially in an active
neoplastic process taking place in tho rete,
which penetrates to a greater or Ic-'s extent
into the likewise byrtlirop'eJ concoctive
tisMie matrix ot the curium. The pupilke of
tho cutis here, too, terf.-rm only a 'pawdve
role, their elongation and dendritic form
lieing occassioned by the hyperthropby of
the epidermis while the elevation of the sur
face of the skin if due the hyperthropothy cf
both."
The Costikt m AiuL and Plant Lira
In an i main there is more variety of motion
but in lants there ij. more real power. A
liorse if certainly far stronger than a man.
yet a small vine cm not only support but
can ral-e a column of fluid five time higher
than a horse can. Indeed, tb power which
a plant exercise of holding a ieafe erect dur
ing an entire day without pause and with
out tatigue it an tilirt at astontHhing vigor,
and is one ot :naoy pro i'i ih it a principle ol
Compensation i at w irk. ho th it the same
energy, which in the animal world is weak
ened by being direct id to many objects, i.in
the vegetable wrld. htrcnethenetl by being
concentrated tin a tew. BwKhT
Habitri oi fcorn an! mtempt arc Itatcd in,
and grow out t f, an inordinate selfright-eousne-f
tl e h.-lar than-thn" principle
It is wry far rem ed from that humility
which iii-tru-t i:j nwn pjwers, and hence
hceks alliance with a jnwer aluve and s.
by the ojieratt ti- a -cM righteoun tntinct
it gravitate- t ivrir-i a e taitK'ing with the
very evil w:u. li. at t)ie oiit-ef. it affected to
scorn ani tre-i with contempt
Care of Bee.
The c ireful i
stocks for wi.i'vi r
ty-five pour..lf ni I,
much t 1 1 t
wili oft( n weih tt
fer wii! cow btlrct his
Iriv-re houll lx abjut twen
iT.ey hi each, where there it
nr. tut-tuf r with tte ws,
i ia uu ht jii t bp-bread is
tefer reliib'e as r-'jttnar.ce f' mm tnes There i
will Ive very ou:1: more of it in a Que that has
worked ffuui it" swarm. ug sea until this j
tune without a ;ueen Xheie is dinger of a
hire having toomucb honey, as wehas too little.
The progressive eeleepe, with the movable f
framef, will find it b-st to alternate couietbat j
art fi'!i-l with s.ij as are not Do not h'tempt
t w i r a light, weak stick; unite it wab seme
i r i -ed up to the rtta retl wevht a tojn
a 1 h') hti'-h'-i. If strained bor.ey is j
lugrr;. to avoal daoger c ;oui
uc 1, cut the seahoz of the
r ie excluleu, it tr.ay re-
hi.e tanuUthe day. AH
li a d be ex mined with refer- 1
au 1 by ti means a'.low such
y lultctioe itsi-rs R-inve
partly full, lei the horey j
'ttU 1 t:,e tes t( s.mc bie 1
h the e'ean es:pt omt-s j

iit
'hei vr Exam mat
t male m ihe middle ot the I
th uf a hue is best ascer
.g. A cluster ot lees that
n or c jibt combs uu a o jI
may be cousi 1-r-1 tronz
of a light stock friu which
lid be k( attj to fr.e:1.
j Tno:hT year St rijt
ur n.a'Let, care b u! 1 le
teatiy, as expeTieaee proves
i au eye ;o appearaccfn
oth aoy hooey that may
glasa Paste parer tr
J ibe tox, to eaclu iv du-f.
it' ihouitl he inverieJ.ti
lh-y hould not b? n -ne.
as tber are olten some
I! letk, and g've the comb
appearance Tbe te-T is
-ned totiom side up whi'e
ii n from the brves. In tnk-
te, they shauld be carefully
ni f slipped under the W'
ae s d o end, keepiog the
the tefs are out, xhti put
them in the tne pmtiin
In regard to foul hr.v-1,
n eradicating it ficm cur
seen a case of it tbl uti
s a anuther argument fer
With their ai i wc can dia
P .nt stage?. Hence ur ue-
11 o -tatUticians, arnhmcti
wrio are ccntioaaliy making
t! If.
iit solicited I j an acx: us pui-
1 "-Ug
i th'inks he c u' lit t nii;rore th
f h's newspaper if h- fci! ibe
tr
ir d Ulv who w at n't a Uicre gul
'ztt of twenty jears she
ct occurred.
.niT co'i.e ban who cacn t lei. ju
tx: n ac'orc in hi line of uym i
i.j j -r:eot a't'sts
i' wh; has never be' n bore I.
1 sr ik i re-a t who wasn't just uu
making a clean thing of it wbeu
t
i
tbis a'U r
a! ur
iat no foe cuuid bite f'ten cme
It
I1,
1
ie -e vaat that h lo Ci.u-il'
noiseur in winet who speaking of
annot tell v.u ta. best gl4 of wine he
ev r tstel wa "etc., etc
The 'egulsr wh'st placer who will eee jou oc
cs inlly lose a trick or two without telling y m
a tho nd of the hand what might have Iwen
acc mphshfrl if ju'i had only lexl trumps cr
piAvti the ace or tut thrown away thtt ten spot.
The Ittdy that is not sufleriDi from sc. 1
when asked to tne
The American who ho spfnt sii weeks m Ri
rope who canuot ttii you how much better
they thty mauape hee things abroad, sir.,'
The party who doclint8 to accommodate
with a loan who could not have nude it all
right if you only called yesterday.
i be Dooest American cuiten that d.iea not
think the Tammany Ring ought long ago tu hare
been tent to S-.ng-ing prison.
Senator Conklintfs Speech at Albany.
The following are extracts from th? e1n,atnt
and effective speech with which Senator Coakling
opened the State campaign in New York at Al
bany last wevk
Both Houses of our Legislature are to be
chosen, as also rr embers of tbe Cinal and Triton
Boards and thce bodies, acting for nearly
6,000,000 people, are to deal with afftirs more
grave than these bodies ever dealt with before
'Ihe incoming Legislature will create for 10 years
tbe districts from which Representatives in Con
gress will te chosen. The State may be fairly
divided, or to change or pervert revolts it may
be gerrymandered and z:gzagged till&Tamnxny
Indian would te punled by the trail. The Sen
ate to be chosen now wilt participate in appoint
ing a Senator of the United States. These are
matters of importance, bat they are leaa grave
thin other things which the next Legislature will
have in charge
DERiucnrsa tub ellctio.is.
In front of all questions pending in tbe State
of New York low, is the integrity cf elections.
This question underlies all others, teeuase it in
volves all others If elections cannot be real and
honest, the majority cannot rale, and then self
government and public liberty are gane. Are
elections in this State real now T Have they been
honest cf lateyetrs? When I lay real and hon
est, I mean, has every elector enjoyed the right
to vote ence and only once, and to have hU vote,
and all others honestly counted and returned 7
No one candid and well informed, will deny that
on Manhattan Island elections have lonz betn
worse than sham. Falee voting and fIse count
ing decide every contest.
This wou'd be fri2ht-
mi u me usurpatToc sui lotrate! on r the nvliioa
the metropolis, and nearly five million people
are subjected to their i ay.
No mater what majart es roll up where the
green grass grows, the Kuis pavement overtops
them with false majorities swollen to suit the
occasion. Gigantic frauds which now ccnvnhe
New York, disgrace the nation, and amaze the
world, could never have been perpetrated with
out the villainy which counted John T. Hoffman
lato the office cf Goiernor to which John A.
Griswold was elected, and which seated men
in the Legislature in defiance of the votes of thtir
constituents
axw T0BK.
Lcok at the city of New York. In many re
spects it is the proudest city iu the world.
When we consider its geographical position, its
colossal trade, ita uncqualed activities, its gen
erous charities, its temples of learning and re
ligion, its civilization ani adtancement, its un
exampled growth, and its magnified! destiny.
where shall we fiad compare! in the same space
mnn n Y.n!, th. ..rnr...kn K.in,;r.t;nn f
manklnd. Yet all this Is a prey to remorseless
spoilers. lis streets reek with filth yet faba- I
1871.
lous expense maintains and cleanses them. Its
highways and by-ways breed sin and crime
yet officials loiter on every crossing. Police
commissioners, and captains, and courts, at
tended by retinues which no man can number,
are paid for guarding life and property but the
most daring offenses goon unwhipt till public
vengeance demands au example. Justice has
been made a commodity, and the judiciary has
unk so low that the continent was electrified
when Judge Barnard, plucking the ermine trcm
tbe duet, sent forth bis injunction, to stay the
mot stupendous robbery of recorded time.
Elections are an intuiting mockery, and official
records of votes records of the people's will
vouchers and warrants tbe highest and most
solemn known to us, or to tbe Constitution
itself are but forgeries of thimble riggers, and
the spcrt of thote who jeer at decency. Com
merce is driven from our wharves because our
harbor is a field foi rapacious extortion, car
ried on by Slate officials In the name of quar
antine, wholesome traffic standi waiting at our
gates, while, iu the name of hetlth, contagion
enters with tribute in its hand. The London
Ttiae cautions the world to beware of the har
bor of New York with its ruinous exactions,
and tie Health office floats like a gilded buoy,
rarniogtbe ship of all nations to keep aloof,
and steer tor forts in other States or iu the Biit
isb Provinces.
Liberties and right mpectd in foreian
cities find no tanctmry here. In Catholic
Pubiin and Cork, men and women can parade
on a Protectant anniversary; baths New York
they are ctbcially ordered from the streets, in
words inciting other feet to rio; and then, at
the belated behest of a Governor, the military
shoot down the deluded victims of religious teal.
whom an arject Police Botrd and a craven
Mayor have lured and battd to their fate. Mor
struus taxes are laid on pro; erty and wrurg from
toil, to Dune legislators and electors, and lo ft- j
ten ihe gluttony and support tbe prmp and
splendor of men who outshine king tn luxury, j
Tbe Jebr of the city in stid to be about $100,-
000,000. More than 0,000,000 hai been
created within less than three years'. This
mortgages every f Kit uf land from Spujten l)uj
vil to tbe Uittry fr more thto oae-teath of us
valuation Tbe s:ime rate of expenditure con
tinued for a while would have bacitnipred and
eviscerated the County of New York. But j
better is the end Than the money itself would it
be to know what has become uf it. We knuw
about a pirt of it, but not the worst part ime
of ii has beer appropriated by individuals to ea- 1
rich themselves, and this is probably the least 1
cutlty use that hs been made of ir.
TtMXAXY AT aotUPSlE-K.
Tnoe are some of the footprint of Tammany j
legislation, and in spite of ali ns crimes against j
bmiesfy, in spite of all its sh treeless, crimson int
ouity in spite of its detection and exposure, in
spite of its having plundered the community
an t then laughed in its face, Tammany Hllyt
rule the Democratic: pirty Tattuued from
bead to foot with accu'at. uh undented, blis
tered and braLded wun cr.fesed betrayals
of pubbe trust, the incarnation of political
and rnVial sin, but una we. I and un abashed,
these astute managers went to Kocheste--,
and met the State Convention, and it was
the is. They demanded to te recognized sot
only as Democrats, bu as the only regular,
S:rron-pure t'em'crat-.e oaczan n in the city
if New ork. Thick of It, and think of the
recei.t n tbey met w.th. 'Ibe State (Y ram it tee
voted three to tne that rt.t were the only apos- I
flee bamr,ng the apostolic su'ision; ani thus
Lu.nted, ibe Tammany delegation next 1-
dressed the Convention itstlt I
In a communic-iti c whuli w'-l1 remain among
tbe proudtt-t arthiv hf the Demrcracy, af.er
riferring tojhtir purity not -egulaVity, they l
ann unce that thir course will t-e governed by j
sol c.tude f--r ih triumph t the cause of cio- I
stuut:onai gjvernintat Ifxkens wouli have I
said, Heit r chuess fo: j u They nest re
fer to ih;r 'Ii man i that lie charges made
agVm't tin m by i'e oppj -.un pri sha 1 be
"i'ug'.iei. an men De
ive partioipition
m ibe CoL'-eut: n, th okcc tneir j dn-ng rny I
prtmote the succss if n-uUr D.-m lorat-.e tuk- t
ftn, State atd local. Mark that there is
mcaomg m it. Lpn this ibe Convention re- t
so vei that, n the absence of Tammany, ito de!
gation f'i yew turk C'u' l ait in the l on ver i
tion, at 1 the de legation be sde 1 by Charles
O'Connor was not allowed ti go even befrethe 1
Committee cn Cont"t'ed Sea.-, b leasee tbe
effect of all this1 Tirrmany, c'cthel in f:eh j
or'bodoxy. embodies the w t e pat ty of Man
hattin Uland, where iwen't- ne member of,
Assemoly and s'z r.ators are to r nomiottt I,
aal thse are the tocil tickets nere.
Tweed i? already rt-nemm ited f r tbe fVnate.
he and fa's cnfeiierate a' io nournate ail
the rest i.ader th" imprtn, tt ir f -he S'ate
Ctnvemion In K r.gs county, ar. I throuhoat
the r1 rate. Tumnany ndaerre f- fi ita being
shuunid.'is to bec-Q.t Unl defr-re 1 tc. Aid
to this the no:., ran nrf the Stite ri ket wanted
by Tammany, an i nre coun'e in by Tarn man t,
and no triumrh rm I be cn c tnijlrt. The
C nveEion d: i tat which M o C Tor, in ha
remark aHe ?t'ee. warnl ih"a w. t utl.ct aa
incartHe woi.n 1 upon the r partv It is well
that it is e f r a'l men ihup: s,e cow that if
reform cm te rechM at a'! ths yeur, it most
tt reaehei ihr uh rhe K?f uM can pany.
The Relief of Qtieago.
TIV ITV
IK. w
in bi k er mh
ite v fo hura to the
J h
w ork
u .o, Ou 1'
o'l'd w f re-" i :a;o ser
ha." t eu -4 to- Uy
tery w r
vi.e f r o? o
rtbu'l In i 1 ti
wr'Ught ri'
roeni' r.'itiibei.
not a 'entb pa-:
ttiue 1 n... u;
t. r h: I i 'ii U
lt tti in i .o
merit t s
.il ot i ir
bie', ar
bmi. 1
f Mie Turr U
;hi n-w 1 a
n p-os;u
iMe-b.. i 1
n has
1 utienir veil,
ri e ran be cb-
0 i r o- atr-td
l'o tv 'nn. be
1 a i uf f erjif loy
Uy v tew lays
ra' i-1
f ntlrcifs l 1 gratuto. u 1 vinr, tb at they
sul 1 i! f, nl tke nj ptr in tvw pressing
emergen- ni.T at bviJ s t hs t!i ee dol
lars m b.ur bvr b n paid Ly gitrt ura.i m ur
gent cae Ire R -et Uu' tr. t r been
forced ti d ptvigonus n.easnns. i I the tyf
tetu f sum ton may betr-el t.. bnrg these
lufu to ur c ses. VVit .t rvr as ciuld
te cb-a'Df I. b -wev tbe wt tL 1" ting was
carried on jtsrer.Hy aud n -day, in 1 th result
is alti.t io dibic A I ui t onMog
M.ch'gau .v .itif. ;L' i c an n r-tM i e hun
dred ,n mi'ife frame ore tt iiy uses in
pn gress, and some of them "u o; ri .ted in.
nnd rtady for occupation to muTi w r r.fjt day.
The 5r-t -t i ht tten ukt-n to the judicial
wheels iti k.oIiod, -verai of tii,- s-ho Uhouses
being p opritte-l fir cMirt an! eh ambers. A
law lihi ary ia t be ti rrowt If mat' tghtioriag
town, an 1 ery soon ibe iwvts a i! h tve occu
pa"oa a well a t i; r- i it
wti vr Tilt b:lh Mtr i ao.
I t-. rowever, no cxcl-' nt.on o m that
the alvtt oa of i hic2e -tepf 1- n the rail.
ruad1, an t these v:u.t v i orat- .n" have not for
an mstai.t eeu.t 1 insenk.li'- to t..e duty that
resel tr their. U houli ifit- .u hearny,
every lo e in the cinr.iry, i far -i- ht.ir i Tom,
have .ded by free transpoiuu and actual
donatimsof money, in sin"ortg the people to
rt'-u..'! the city, ftifi every tr-e 1 tv taxed t.
the utu-t, these gipariti. ...c ms are n w ac
tus1 ly rebuilding it eir bp t,-u. 1 retv toiog all
that ha been destroy e t. I h- (l- it Lni.m de
pot will be up tn a ver ottle t'tm. and other de
pots re in the can.l tbe l LtrtetoTs a!
reaiy It is a coma.et n ihB lutrvloas find
miuagetaeut of these int ur .n. that, during
the seven days of amrohy, terror, aud destruc
tion, not a life has bf-ru oat, not a package
missed, and scarcely a train bcUtcd.
BCSt'HP JOS CF TSADK.
The daily papers, almost as wetl appearing as
before the oatatrrophe, are now published re'i
larly, and receive a splendid busibet-s.
The regular stock and fiaincial eports mike i
good showing, and it in seen that the regular
routine of the trade in steadily reasserting irnelf.
Cattle are still shipped largely, and this great
branch rf Chicago's ancient wealth promises to
suffer no diminution by the temporary interrup
tion. Capital in every conceivable form is pre
paring to pour in. A great list of new banks is
announced, with Canadian and LEngIith capital.
The great Hank of Montreal i to establish a
bracch here with a fabuloa capital. Western
capitalist is also about to start a private tank
with $600,000
bul estatx s TEC cl at loss.
Kent a went up spasmodically under tbe im- i
pulse of tbe busmen hezira, but they will very
shortly te readjusted, wben the great wooilea
warehouses now going op are finished. Still,
for a long time to come, the basements cf tbe
handsome private residence on Wabaah and
Michigan Avenues, roust be used for banks and
other business of a like nature, and the rents of
private dwellings must continue high in ojnse
quence; but there will be do opportunity for
corners in real estate, aa several over-gani-
Tbere have
been several cases where sbrewd men have
bought op leases, and rented building at 500
per cent alrance. One man, while bis foundery
was disappearine in smoke and ashes, bethought
himself of a tamble-down edifice oa Canal Street,
straightway secured it at a rettal of $1,200,
and now rents it in rooms and t ffises at t: 1 -,-000.
and stilt a room in it for bimself Sales of
real estate are substantially ibe saote as before
the fire, and that iaiicates pretty well the dis
position cf the business men.
5EUELT 0J.E
nuvmru TUCtrsASu U0Muxsa i
fxb05S i
As close an estimate as can be reached puts
the houseless at 'JO 310. This is not guess
work, however, as the official lists show the num
ber of hoates and the number of people iu th
burned division. Of course, a1! of these are not
on the charity of tbe town. Many retain slight
sums from the banks, and have other resources
but the great majority must be cared lor in some
way durtDC the long winter that hovfrsoverthis
nridn innir Th n(7rpr are nnviimlrr 1
the control of the best citizens of the city. There
wMagreatefforttoget thehandliogcf the vast i a
NUMBER 1.
fund into Ihe hinds of a btnlof corrupt city
politicians, whofe record will com pi re with that
of a Xew ork King, This f and for the iaffrers
is increulng to tremendoui proportions, lhs
ptches from England an 1 Ireland nceivel to
day, place about 300,0 at the dipof al cf tbe
committee. The chirmin tells me that a cons
tant force of clerks is necessary to limply file
money contributions, and that he cannot pretend
to read all of them. A fplendi-l club-room baa
been pleed at the disposal of the Relief Commit
tee, and here the foremost men of the State and
the first capitalists in the country are ia town,
advising and counseling the sorely tried rulers,
and the disposers of the great chanty.
Aoy one who has ever entered Chicago on ibe
Illinois Central or Michigan Central lUilroida
wilt recall tbe long narrow plain, rolling down t
the lake, fronting Miebigun avenue through
almost its entire length. Ia other days this wn
set aside as a public ptrk, being spartelv coser
el with trees. Now, howeTer, it is aliTe with tne
clatter and clamor of buttling commercial mart.
Every rqaate foot is apportioned of to some build
ing and Mores of edifices have shot up like magic
on the hitherto neglected waste As early
Wolnefxlaythe grounds hd been staked off, sign
copiously posted aVut, and all the prena ration ot
a great campaign begun. Two advantages are
gainea by this sppiremiy unmeaning ae'rction.
First, there is abundant water near at hand,
and it will bo months before tbe pipes can be
Drougnc to work in tbe rurced duttuct'. se
cond, tbe erection of these temporary buttdioirs
does not camber the grounds which mast even-
taally be prepared for the rebuild. ag of the j
city. If vcu tbould ccrce into the coy to-day
and ride up Twenty-second tfrreet to the Mih:- 1
(ran Aveaue Hotel, you would newer suspect
that tbe basiling men acd women were n- 1
cue! with not bint: but life from a surging ocean i
of dime, and that the slim Roe ot blocks bt-tore
you curtained ihe mot appal. mg sight .1 i
generation. i
A Graphic Letter from Chicago.
VVeaie permitted to copy by the cnur.ey
his brother, II. N Dru'y, of this c 'y, portion
of the following graphic letter fro.u MiJ tr
Lucias II. Drury, of Chicago. M ij r I'rory i
a former resident of Swan ton, ar 1 an obi
knight of the quill."
Chicago, October 1.;.
You cn scarcely conceit of the
destruction of property which h-Ji taken place.
To any one but a Chicigoan it w-.uld seem utter
and irremediable rain, but there isn't a down
hearted man among my acquaintance, ani they
are all making preparation to rnrumesce the
work of retrain inn their lost fortunes, with a
heroism as almirahte as it i unn iralellel I hia
coming week, twenty thousand men will be at
work removing the debris of the fire, preparing
the ground for ths immediate erect i m of five
hundred places of butineee. Six or eight Urge
edifices have alrealy been commence 1 on spots
where the larorers had to protect
heir ban ts
wifh mittet wbiie removing the hot brick) to j
make way for the foundations. I ted yiu, the
high courage, the indomitable pluck, the bound- 1
lets energy displaced by our citizens under this
appalling catastn phe, is tbe giandest s iht the
world ha ever aeeo. Div you ever kick ever an 1
an: hill, ani watch th little cii-- repair dan
sges T a moment of fijrry ar, 1 ecnfii".on and
then every one to cut work sen e ten ieriv cir
leg for ;be lr. their future babies cthe"
tew reiti nog their commissary dv trtmer.t,
but the great majority of the bttie cmnunity,
with dauntless energy and anceasin; m-Justry
and activity, clearing away :hn wreck, and re
baiWing their devastated c ty A. iieturtwl 3t
hill is no bad type of Chicago to-day
T cancor, thir time, tell ju a 1 1 w ah r about
the fire and itsteachmv Great cil imu es have
their uses, and one of the uses uf ours is n show
as the bright s:!e of humai. nam re. Tne
whole world is coming to the rescue of our ru
ined town. That greatest of v,-;ue whic1! ex-
lstsbevond the grave, is working among alt ci-
tions in our behalf, and I do not believe that the
poor people of any city wio be fed well at
ours during the coming wm'er.
There are many incidents wh ch may escre
the reporters one of them, so pt-fut -n its
character, I will fell you A woo-tn in the
pains nf labor was taken fiom a burning hui! I
ing, was carr.e-1 b four men ta a blanket with
a (juili over her a mile, and when they arrived at
a place of safety the child was born live other
little ones came iuto the wor'i on The open
prairi that rainy. colJ Monlay night. Ttars
are many other thioga I might tell ynu thou
sands ot them, in tact some luJicrcu. orne
grimly horrible; in Aleuts showing the tuVimt-st
e f-sacriScinc ard unwlhsbcets. ani t'hers
showing the gbat.y deaths of human d-pravity.
I wish I ex all give you better acco irst f these
three liys and n.ats if grisly horror, thiol
can io a letttr.
At the relief meeting for the CM mUer
ers, he d by the peoflc cf Boston m Faneuil
Hal', Edwird Everett H.ve delivered a brilliant
a Id res?. He olatied that tbe East in contribut
ing such vast snois for tne ldifcf oi tae dis
tressed pe ip's oi the ill-start el wes'efn cy, ".s
net mtrely ,r:ving aim?, bat is repay og in part
an honest dtbt Wc cannot e'imite whit we
uf( to the tr.ery, the ingenuity ar I p"ient
courage of ;he mfi who made Chicago waat it
ws a we-k ag- Satd Mr Hale Thee
people, by their muni6once, b; their generosi
ty, ry the.r pub' c sairir. hve mie btors
to them ail TbfrL' is no: a man f l- Le:e but
tnat tbe beef uptHi his t ibl yeter I ty was a it
cheaper because the pcop'e if mat ci'v, whith
is now in ruiiir. 'aid out tnn wosierru' system
cf sti k jard- wi i-h ts tow tbe adrr.r 't; ait ui
alt. There i m.t a man here t ur the br.d upo'i
his tnl :e to day was ent tte cheaper 1 tbe
better cuse ibis peop'e ioveiitd and ctatej
that marv.Uuus yem for tr e delnen e gram
I watch r the model and pattern nw r the
whole wrld We call ir h'"r mir
fortuae. It is our nvsfi rtune. We ae at
t has been id, lir ked together ia the 1-laruy
ot tbe nation thnr ss thenfjre is i more
loss than ci.r. In tb'S g'eai cmpio of pace
in which we nre engaget, iher bta .1 ec y
this calamity one ot on- n- Hest fort ess". and
its garrtvm in .w withou' r.iun"ion
It waa the AmTijan peup'e who ir' i-l th
a city snouM be there, aal: ititsb-n 1 tightly
and wisely ar.d io the hen wy distribute the
fodtum worl 1. Th rrer can poepV has thtt
duty lo discharge again.
There i c-j su:h thing as stating the exact
I amount of io caused by the Cliicag nre. It
has been put at f -Jim.ooO.OrtO, and to that enor-
mous sum it may be found to reacn Tbe etfeet 1
will be felt throughout the wor.d, an 1 ran liv
ing tb u-acd upon thousands of mi es from
Chicago. and who hardly were awT of the
exigence i f that city, will be ruined as a ccn
Sf4,ito'e of it havtcg been htlf-lestroyed.
Ttjere i" no possibility of exageer-ttng the pern -i
ciou etlects of anh a fire. Tbe in'ere-t of na
t ons are now so cloIy ceabiutJ that it is no
roseibie for a great valamity to tall upon one t
their number withour all the (.tber being more
'es aflected by rm n'ciirrrtice Lndos
was so largeiy cosorn-1. in 1i'i, it is not pn -bable
init theevii vr t-lr inni h ur i EoiUnr!,
an 1 rot severely in that country aT a distance
from the scene of des lat ion b-tt a i resent tire
of corresponding magnitude in London woul I pen
shke the world. Tbe g'eat New ork fire of 1 p
1Ho hal political effects that iiave endured, and cit.
yet it was hat a small affair in comparison witu c. .i
the Chicago fire. Tbe destruccn ot so rnirh or
property most be fo'lewnt by eons- o.uences as
lasting as tbey are extensive. We see thi clear
ly in one instance, namely, the total annihila
tion of thousands of shares ir. iu?-i ranee com-
I pa tne?, on the dividen is fn ru whi,h very many
families have been living :u tU it nee, but who
cow are reduced to poveri all the more severe
because previously unknown. Other companies
stand ihe storm of fare, yet 1 se immensely,
whuh most fall heavily upon the stockholders,
'llit-h tbe companies art raiding tLtir rate of n -t-urauce,
which will leeen the practice of msur
ing for some time, and bat wi.i ljad to iosaeD
The visitation has many side?, but I bey are all
of a calamitous caa-ecter bo,! -i Trixreiltr.
.he Beaufort, 3 C Htpuhhra, in p aking
of Vermont manufacrurers, sreaka as folbwa ot
1 the National HorseNail Company. of Yercei.Be.
cf which our townsman, J. 1 Kingslaod, is
President
Directly at the foot of the falls, on a margin
that is partly overhung by tbe primitive rcck,
tbe National Horse Nail works are built, and co
one visiting this region should go away without
witnessing tbe interesiinz process through which
bars of fine Swedes inm become multiplied inro
th- various ti of thoee iBOpensa'- little
articles wherewith the shoes of horses are fast
ened. Each stage of the process la a history in
it elf fer the machines used, the appliances for
working, so simple and yet fo perfect, imply
genius rf a high order. And ir ia not all the ir
veative genius of one man the intelligent ne
chanic discovers some want, and alter stndy bits
upon the means for its supply. His fellow op
erative grasps same other idea, and fastens it to
hia machine, and no it goes oa. We used to i
talk about labor savtng machines yews ago, but j
no Wac.smith in tne una uown to a very recect j
petiol would have believed that good horse nails j
could be made in any other this the oM way,
upon an anvil, and by hand. It them took at
is ractory see tne rars ot iron urawn mm
It'' P1' cut IDto n1', polished by ftKticn,
ani poinreu, ani men iry uirai in every
tbey desire, and be convinced when they will
cease to wonder thnt fifty men, boys and girls,
aided by powerful machinery, cannot keep up
with the demand for nails.
A special dispatch to the World from London
i nrea that Mr. Uradhaw. at aa immense meeting
there Monday evening, declared that tbe Queen
was insane, and demanded a Ufgeocy, to oe m-
structed to the JaJges of Law ani Equity, until
Kepaouc was etiaoiunea.
In the Valley or Shadovr.
sr b. c wABXf a.
It eeems to bo growing dark,
Tbetcalatsruntitnj stotr,
Bat tbe ear wbeeteruaaMe so
I'm la awbabtetucothciii'
'w my wife has a terrible j iln iu her head.
And may awe Ura till 1 aotae.
Wan hi that there at the ft of nr bed t
And than on th mantel, etlet, c Jek, ctloY
1 wonder if tva boaa xk
1 don't Csalasythias mweh lift pala.
Bat, now I reBMtabar Uta other day
A wladraill gat la my bavi 99oi9 way,
And Its fana wheel reaarl aal raacd la ay brain.
Wot, what have I done Tou nomta't inula 1
I tl" queer notions ote4B-a-wflfl,
Bat job te I'm perfectly sane;
And. com to think it acala.
V T"e wioanii 1, ar.er all
a m ltia" ,"n- my veins wr boors
Ard it itm- A(J i jrin-i-i ml ro sasd rajart,
t L "J,w K wou rt'(,t ttranse t Sod
In oa4 w ri tomo 'i Mf- in av tant.
How 4n! it -jet th nure tnni:!i
Bat I'urery vflitt ,it.
And I thina it n n fir
Whve ol n.urr b ther'rlav
They f u a vrs ..r t a 1 irtea:
And for hours ant h -ur-. I ,-i -Itrdak. it lay
In m stomKh 3t r.' brt and roasch.
It wouid haw niAlo a w .1 m3 i:k.
Jnt look at those ivfr' urtIn strings.
They ban at oe d, mi th curt?n'j awry.
Cuaida'tyott fix them if u shoal 4 try I
What nukes them so cjreV-i -.uU-. sh tbln
plorjof Hudanam ft r me to 'ii'f
II I. hatlha is an il'i ftiV,
The :k man's tber) at tlm r. m tay bed
Aud he to&qj an1 tt w--n it jmMea about
1 r"n 1 wish ui woo '1 t-t-r h .-i nut.
Ft vtt hn i out or n 'i-i.!.
An wlien a m-n's hejd j iitt'') n-H
Ii'- uer whatJillyipe-h" 11 make,
Ar.i th ih ard tb-t h- h i- kv it za awaka
For in nthiaha'fo then
i tber thm-j, lo me u
-r i jt let me vk in u
I u i!r.'tkrar jth n1.' bnve hiai hear
T'. i' i in 3 soin? t. U.rf
1 at th: terr b.ae' oi.
'PtMr dxr in the wood
m j p iu 1 wuh a shoot
I Ani
'aw 1 1
d In ta
L
1
I
1
I tii
r-t-nlv u wht'l ioumy'
I r-tr r-va nur fiCf.
o m:h n m'. n in miies away.
r in.; 1 -ifp
L- f ll p
tn b i
1 'jr-i'Iic-ifi
ai
'HI I" iM
ai -1 Iw-
ml"'
i.ei. iD'1 -ieed
j i,3Uti unt rclidtf,
-fai oa it-e,
:p9l.d MTrdft
ti uninnwn ma
1
l.ui
A L
1 I
1
-wnn-il
mi n tar
mi.fon li i
t inne-a p
ola-'e.
-in t t e rverj wbT
t r im
iirr tar O'tober.
Dr- Horse and the United States Grand
Lsage ot uaa reuowa.
Oar ren.icoceccrs of John K Morse, Deputy
It-xad S.te, e oirei atrupt'y, wb-t-i speaking of
h' ..?sen "C?. tn tonnec'M n with bis being a
Vr r.on-pr 1 y bir b. !iu ws on.- of the piorejrs
-J ihe t n ri'at, pamcip.itmg prominently m
alt ;l,t r-L to prontite ihe pub'ic god, and
i r prc-pr v(tthe S ve i his aduption. Ia
w 1 r-1 r i f-nti) brcme a perfect lazir house
or 1. "j"-, -utfering ami death Men sickened
ari d without aat-' mre. were hanel ia the
ru ii f in unattrndt 1 s.cknes and frequently
with a renetli I even Iwtng seel up in a
hlart.-r. r interment, for rouch pine ceffios
coa' i n f obta4neii by the most, costing aa
taey (i: 1 Ir'
?A to 'iloO. Sjch was tbe stats
craawnto, at tbe lading of Dr.
j ((f 'biof
Mot"? IW fiiterei at once info a personal mis
bion ot beneve lence, an OJd Fellow, without
regard tc n ow eomfo t, of f-e for service,
which we then eoorm us Dr. Morse wis
I furi a 'ir,d day rT'-iev.n i.s;ress, ani aa-
mino-tiT'rz
hand I iu
bri h-r .u
cf Oi i
Dc-esaitj
and u j t ii.'
that t a jC
Mr. M
pe--p e f
the S.w e
ly r-pei.t
H Tl h 1 I
IV
of bt t'-
if ihe -il
chiT-H" r. s
t 't te i d n
rt ran
of put'
tn wnr. cover tirtuog, that the
Odd r-l w shali be ooeo to a
i ntre-. tt-ruprar organization
w un i?r am di tc'i n, bora cf the
f the iiy, xpe.. led in cash, over
jo exhibited fct-a't purer than gold,
l w-re opt., in 1 tu heart truer than
u- (i rea 1 Uoti s, John More.
bfll a h zh prt-itin among the
!rni. It-- fi'th Preileot ef
y f Calif irn Pioneers a higb
e ai I intl ciety of ihe per-
,r.V'i in tii- iav before the year
wis te' h ehti r cf the Daily
Mtrirrct", re leading daily paper
tt. I in I" j ie became the editor
-La i". i "t'i a paper of mach
I n .-i,. -r..- In 1So4 he was
I MiTer ot Cilif. rn;a, and en his
as reieut! wi!1 i Lost.y servife
iy Vi ei
i lent speaker.
rvl HittuncU
II i e tutbjr f
Siefnf.t i a!iorc! i," r
at e ois r' the c:y sr.
pu1.' 1 in 11. H 1
tM Tr" ry and Pr'T
L r:vtT-.'y the Pi m"r
tti in g-ve ev; lent-
u ticg a ve y valu-r-t1
y of Sacramento,
e- t eeu Prwfessor of
f "tld,'Mne,' ia 'he
e cannot Jo hetfer
f th power and eio
v, ;lve bat i single
.to 'nstaaces of h:s
I'leL'V f Mor;e
ev 1 n i V incasin i
di- n'fr i wnks iLv.'t a" m'Md Feilcw
ni'i. 1 v n if w b i i eptcf a this ske'eton
snetch, v .s whme 1 e h- r-r-a made up of
Jibe cf. t ti we w:.l jtv i ct Some yeirs
Mtioe, ''iriDC se-'-'on if the G-and Indge of
Cal-b rn.a. .u San iiu and dur.ng tb'
iiinr- if n fei -T ti i"ro-pf'iTaa Hotel,
wh c'i c the f. ra'; t'v Grant Master
XI -se m l'II r... 1 cb, to wuieh he
re-; I-1 S new 'ei n'y H'S fluant
a 'id th ,um nra' y. re iy w snd appropriate
sec'ervt" i 1 rive'rl tbe inun -n ot the rl th
en 1 at, ani ihM that knew him hest
saw fiit pre unustia1 tbouz its bad pesessnn
v-f m 'u l i aal Ciey wt re not disappointed
tbjy were t und io the j'.osing sentence of his
sptt.-b T. ie wh we-e p-eent will never for
ger thei
iiro i I "I ennn. t forget la the
bilut :y i i :x e pre- v r.. -cr a scene rhat I
'eft r i 'i ..(.ur i ht-n hither Prc-
I wa 1,4 1 I o". tt iav to visit a sick
x'u se-a K"ter days, with
ii !nr J''1-hi.-1 aid was not an
in 1 pSc ha-- i .nl claim on the
tii is e nir-f vn sceisonerr
iu,-w p"i i-ie with a disease
hv. t y t a I ic itv!i She has no
.tilt 'i'i 1 r i r little ones
c .!ie-, rt un, furaitare, thej
-ti r't
i t r
Gii-.
Wo:.m i'
t-letl
U ii L
have n -an
1 ha-tt
h.at. !o
b..- tl
b II a I V
1.1" t .r-
i.e t i
cLair a
broih-r.
cv.d j n
nit le J
Br Me
f tup; ni r win temporarily,
i I hitaer nre urlp
V -h e a. j-7 what pewer
i r td i i. e that assembly,
t i ws nr I'rrr Erery heart
ovi ymca'v ic 1 e.ery hand sought
Li Vn? i .e -tiireLee was urierrd.
tn h i" n 'aafei upon his
i c. outed, "L i" sav any more,
.s ne doilur -r lp," and the
J m LUre. aL I tl- wnle come aoy
repTlfe
T 1 c
1 'a Ualf an hoar
i tbe hands of the
er rbree hundred
'.i i i i-stive board,
i rn" crnneetion
.e t nited S'ates,
ii everr S'ate ani
'red ind ttnrj
e vf rht raare nattvt
f in the Gran 1
C r respond 'ic
I-
tr.H a
v- 11. I
uri"
seve-.
rf V
L'ri.-e
K alt. I
-rmi Lo I
d lega;
Liber, c.;
r. tnert
of V -Tiocr.-:
r :ld.
Tilt Si -Hi
fjoowic; i
comtaii' eoi 'e
Io-es Ly the
Via-.r c
''ifTVI-tV.
dkd Iss. a uics Cswp mrra Tne
t comp'e'- Sat ef the iosarar"e
atside of I. i'. t-itt have been
suspend lu ne' a aoccunt cf
Chic i to 8 re
Pro?-!'
X I
t'
merican, of
o N Yo-k iry
y iii7 City, of
i Iouis; B-itk
liiiiu t iry, cf Bu
Uriae. of Buffalo
lot, T imracr, of
N
nn levelani lu-
-i 1 1 Excelsior,
Nt York city
i it md Lenher,
nt city Tnde-t-
iran?e Com
if Nw "i rk
city Mer
f w Amter lim,
i h i-e and Mar.ne.
r Company, of
-a Francio
'i R I Par
-r William, of
N w York city
:n Washington, cf
r. ia. f -v Y irk
lany i'neneari im
man, rf New lor' i. y
fa Bt.;l i F.ie au
-ui. z. w t ih, t Ne
.ny.
Clart r i
'ir:!
of
11
O! 0
t
Hti t
k N- w I
N-
I i nn
Va-h ng
liartfori.
Of UM
Norw b
i f
Prov: b i.ee, R I
We'-tern. f Buti'
Nkw t rA rri
Uw ;;v Mannas Tbe 'itMt gricu..a
rI ezo r--nenr in hi cln'l s surface irnsat on
by irr..iL .mI r:r. V' vcm INr. this has been
rrud, the urfce eipr f leu ed on being a tract
of rwr r- ace, n g ien an t rbo water has
rein app edinrtbca. w rs, in the night,
ever t. 'it iiurtng the -a- n r 1 excepting
wb 'i ua'ral rsio n tue ir ie.rtceary. Tbe
appi J consists of f p ii( .i the groutd.
supl'ei from e!e t( 1 rpserviir. mto wht h
ibe w e- ii pumped ly u-b.nery X few fig
ure will show the re-uit p-"- acre: loterest
percent.) on cost oi ma-'b nry anl p'ps, S7,
superttrustare i.i I fi-t S7,3l; manure
an 1 'her top i'refi 7jO; cost ti har-
vetin2, S12 o", n't! eipeoses, '.''t. The
vat -ect the proiuct t ei. i sere is stated at
JK the net pr.iii i ti.ua $105. Land of
th Mine sharacter and ,n the same tract, not so
irrigated, netted only 10 per acre.
Here ie a fearfat p de of the Chicago con
ftairatioB, which we iavl ia the New York
.Vara
The e.v.prrmen, hackmeo, and drivers cf
every coreivaie vebtele, goaded their horses
through the throng of aaaea, women, and chil
dren, tmniphntr rhem down ia their mad haste
to iepit their toad and return for more plua-
An exprmn maoeinivr-pty io soa
aoJ .-hter who btd car He 1 their sick father
m (b..r arw, rom A lBjri BIory the ttntt.
m9d who Gflrr! this eiprewm.n $15 to carry
bam a few bJoeka oat of danger.
Don't talk ahoot 915 to me. Say 51,000,
aad I will talk with you."
They had no more money, and tried to carry
their father, who urged them to abandon him
and save themselves; but they would not, and
were overtaken by the ttamea aal perished.
Iron ia considerable quantities has lately been
discovered in Ireland and Scotland. In County
Down, abed yiellicg '3 percent of ere has
been found and some also ia the Ciuniy of Au
trlu, Pn-fessnr Aada&n. of Glasetw. has
pronounced favorably In regard to specimens
submitted to him from the newly discovered iron
aione new in taunnesj.
v