n11ý at d ,Ctha 2 icC6011 Me=S:
Uw a ZnOA l smit", Go'O e, aIsm
sAc agcoUas or Ns Yons =Deth
the Bev. Chan. (Dosdhseu, O.BL-The
Rev. Charles ODonobUe, Redemptoit,
departed this life on Sunday Oct. l5, ft
the Convent of the Redepts4st ,iU Third q
street, New York. to
8t. Peter's ChAreh, Hierstreta, Y.-
This new church was .olemnly dedicated il
an the 15th inst., by tbe Most oer. Arh- w
Sbishbop MeCCcskeyas55ted'b i large nmm- ce
er of the Rev. clergy. 'Ibe cbhrch is di
Ssplendid structure, iad eiptesalvo 'of the bi
eneroaus devotion to the interests of rell- th
glon which is felt b.y the parsbliouers. bi
The chuseh will seat twelve hundred per- tt
sons, and cost 650,000. to
Diocssa or FPILJADELPIA.'The La- Cl
therea Observer, contains the following an- ii
noouncement:
Gone to owme.--Our readers are aware
that some time ago, Rev. J. H. Wagnerand th
Prof. C. I1. Build, of Lancaster, Pt lpo- th
tatised froma the (UGermasa) 1 teiied lt
Church and west o'u .r to RHate. TiAe.
seuger of last Weekt. uanouncei that Revs.
John S. Ermentrour, George D: Wolfe and El
William Pbilli', liue followed their ex
ample and macdi. .hcirsubwuieson p t the
RomisLChnrchl. 'IL' latter had some time to
previously left ts.' Refore and and united d
with the Episce.: I Church; but having or
been recently .u -cd by his Bishop, he b
srnlied and o: t-eceived into' the Chirch ch
afaome. pt
AnxcnDtocEsE OF ST. Louts.-On Thurs- Pt
day, Octol.er 10th, two priests of the Jesuit
order ce'. aatted, in St. Louis, the fiftieth
annlvers., i. a of their ecntering the religious
life. pFa Van A.chdt. of Florissant, 01
and Fats I Verreyot, of CinciDnati, have
been ble with )ealth and longevity be
yaed tl. :..cutomed lot of men, an od,n at
eada.:: Large concourse of their bh.th- c,
rea fron aI 1, different cities of the union, 13
assembl. t ime Saint Louis University, at
to conms, orate their golden Jubilee.
They I ..i rived and wrought together d
when 1. ...ns reared their wigwams on the w
saburb':a. St. Louis; they now sit down
together to their old age to receive the ho
mage of their younger brethren and the a
felaitations of a grateful order. si
AstonteDoc or CNrCINNATI.-On Tues- P
day 17th October, after. pa iezt waiting
of thirty-eight years, Archbiskbp Purcell
had the satisfaction of placing the corner- 1
stuo-af a Catholic Church in Lebanon.
Tih Archbishop confirmed 100 persons in c
St. Patricki Churahj Bellefoataine on the
1Sth.of October.
Deoczsa or NoRTHr CAROLINA.-The
Wilmington Journal of the 17th lust., gives
a fall'anid exact description of the Reli- I
gions reception of a ysting lady at St.
Thomas' Church iunhiat city. The Journal
say:s
One of the most interesting ceremonies'
ever known in opr city, took place on Sn- I
cday afternoon, in St. Thomas' Cathollo
Church. It was the Reception of a young
lady in the Order of the Sisters of Mercy
and, as it was the first instance of the kind
ever known here, to which the public were
admitted, the occasion excited an almost
universal interest: The ceremony was an
r.onuced to take at 5 o'clock, yet half an
hour previous to that time, the beautiful
church was crowded to its utmost capacity,
not only all of the seats in the body of the
church and the gallery being filled,-but a
dense mass of people crowding the aisles
as far up even as the railings of the chan
We regret that we cannot give the re
port in full, but are much pleased to see
that Rt. Rev. Bishop Gibbous, is receiving
assistance from the secular press, in the
great work he has undertaken, of enlight
ening the people of North Carolina upon
the truths and bea~sties of our holy Re
ligion.
AncanDocxES or BALTIonR,-Religiowe
Profession.-At the Conventof Mercy, Pop
pleton street, Feast of Our Lady of Mercy,
September 24, Miss Alice Slattery, neice of
the late Father Stattery, in Religion Sister
M. Francis de Sales, made the vows of the
Order and received the black veil and ring.
.TLe following letter from the' Bishop of
Chicago to Archbishop Spalding we copy
from the Mirror
CuacAao, October 11, 1871.
JMy Dear Archbisehp-You already know
the calamity which has befallen us; our
cathedral, six cherches. asylum, three con
vents, Good Shepherd House. hospital, and
various schools have been reduced to ashes.
Six square miles in the keart of the city,
with only one house on the north side
standing. My own palace has its front hall
standing, my, library was destroyed. To
day we removed the lemains of poor Bishop
Quarter from the rubbish of St. Mary's
One hundred thousand people were
thrown out of their homes, many perished
in the flames, or were suffocated by the
smoke. We have lost our gas works and
water works. The Jesuits have taken all
the orphaxns in their college. I have telu
graplhed to you, and begged 3yas ts ttlu
graph to all the Bishops of the United
States, to give us a collection next Sunday,
or as early as possible. I thought if we
appealed at once to the country, whale the
hearts and minds of all are warm towtards
us, we could get some substantial reliet;
and, I assraet you, we need it. The citi
zens are not disjouraged, they are deter
mined to rebuild the city. I have asked
yoeu to request remittances to be made to
yo, owling to the confolsion which exists
ere. I can draw on you as I need means.
I shall have to send emissaries to collect,
for we are powerless to do anything witlh
out help from our brethren abroad.
I am glad to laear you are recovering.
Take good eare of yourself this winter.
Remember me nost kindly to all my friends,
and pray for your devoted servant In Jesus
Christ, THOMAs FOLEY,
Bishop Adm. Chicago.
A Tmuunu OF LOGrc.-'Tis strange, but
tree, that a common cat has got ten tails
just think of that i Don't see it, chi The
faet is plain; to prove it so, I rise to ex
plain. We y A cat has but one tall-be
hold how logicft thIe vail-; N-eat has
nine tidl; dotr you see one at bleas one
tail more than ashe? Now add the one tail
to the aine, yoa'll'fiand a full ten-tailed
f: eline.•
Chureh of
founded by
law the a
sad to ntpek.
and th Nauns red at be. It is
from the hpoessesle m thus ae riq ace- n
quire, tb9 Aegllcan Establilhame rawrs w
to-day the --rief part a of 11P13ort. No ti
sootradtioton cam be sade of acp.ts: sl
heyasre as plata as the.sun, and Ithb
world sekniowledgs them, Ti'e aaoleat
monsati edificee of. England are still up
dismantled, untnofedj,-rhlabited by- the 01
birds of .thar-4n ruins, is .is true: but V
there they are for all that, their old cram-V
bliag, ivy-covered walls still "esting on
their old foundations, and it is mpossible
to belie their mate testimony that the
Churh. of England commenced its missioff
by cruel' de i1sla war upon the religious
life, and by most .avarcioue. roblbery on
sae4d things...
Certainly, one would think fram this dtrt L
the Anglican Church could never, never
thhialk el pg thi .isafstlsltf gaigm. B iat
thlas done so; is is doinog s ,mow; i will o
o don doing so. 'Take the (fQltowiug., We
fld-it in tlhe London GwuaaMiamw the chief 1
Episcopalian paper tou Englar.d, of Septem
ber 20th:
Editor of tie Guardian-Sir: May. I ask yon
to give publicity to this paper, which was
drawn up at a Conference of persce from two a
or three joeeeese, who have lasimsttempts to 9
begin :tle establishment of, system ofDea- a
conesses la the Church of Rnland, nd.whiach
now bears the stgoatures of'bve.8isps,ex- a
pressi7a their general concdrreene nd apnd
proval- J.. 8. Howop
The Deaney, Chester, Sept. 18, 1871.
L-- NXRA5 L PRINCIPLxs.
(a.) Defsistio of a Deeamae.s.
A Deaconess is a woman set apart by a Bish
op under that title for service in the Church. I
(bl.) eiatleos f a'Deesaess to a BIskqp. I
(1.) No Deaeoness; or Deaeones-Inssiemt.g$n,
shall officially accept or resign work in a oio
aese without the express authority of the
Bishop of that diocese, which authority may
at any time be withdrawn
(Y.) A' Deaeoness shall be at liberty to re
sign her commlssion as Deaeonese, or may be
deprived of it by the Bishop of the diocese in I
which she is working.
Co.) Reldatio of a Deacness to an Incumbent. I
No Deaeoness shall officially accept work in a
a parish (except it be in some non-paroobial po
sition, as in a hospital or the like) without the
express authority of the Incumoaent of that
pauish. which authority may a~ any time be
withdrawn.
(d.) Relation of a Decomness to a Deaeoness
Instltumon..
In all matters not connected with the paroe
chial or other system under which she is sum
anooed to work, a Depeouess may, if belonging
to a Deacones-InitatiPn, act in harmony
with the general rules ofsuch institution.
IL--RULa sUtoorSmD.
(a.) Probation.
1t is esential that no one be admitted as s
Deaconess without careful previous prepara
tion, both technical and religious.
(b.) Dres.
A Desooness should wear a dress which is at
once simple and distinctive.
(c.) Religionm Kewledge.
It is essentialwto the efficiencyof a Deaconess
that she should maintain her habit of prayer
and meditation, and aim at continual progress
in religious knowledge.
(d.) Dtlgnation awd Signature.
It is desirable that a Deaconess should not
drop the use of her surname; and, with this
B end in view it is suggested that her official
t designation asonld be "Deacosess A. B." (Chris
tian and surname). and her official signature
D should be "A. B., Deaconess."
P. 8.-It is desirable that each Deaconess
Institution should have a body of Associates
attached to is for the purpose of general coun
e cil and co-operationu. W. Pmooo,
A W. C. Paranitonouon,
A. BATIf AND W1u.s,
E. H. ELY,
W. CHESTER,
0. SAUUM.
We submit to the reader that this is
really and practically the commencement
8 of the institution of Nuns-of monastic
e women in the Anglican Church. The five
Snames signed to it are the names of Bishops,
of the names of Bishops of Sees which, for
n centuries, were Roman Catholic, which had
flourishing convents of men and women
attached to them, and of which, under the
j fiat of Hlenry, rapacious apostates took
possession.-N. Y. St. Peter.
Notrs Dams doarts.
ar There are few churches in France around
me which historical memories cluster, and
g" which can recall such varied reminiscences
of of her Monarchy as the time-honored pile
my that rears her majestic towers on the banks
of the Seine-the Cathedral of Notre Dame.
Yet her earliest origin is a matter of some
conjecture and enveloped in donbt. Pro
w bably the first Oratory where St. Denis was
ar wont to assemble the neophytes of Lutetia
s- (Paris), was a crypt known but to'him and
ad his converts. Religion, like its divine
a. Master and Founder, had for a time to
,bary itself in the bosom of the earth, but
e only to brst forth more radisatly and with
ll renewed strength. Persecution, the Cats
c- combs and Martyrdom are three works that
>P tell of the early glories of our Holy Mother
Church.
re When Constantine had taken the Cross
!d for his standard, and later *on Clovis had
he followed his example, then peace began to
ad flourish in the provinces, and churches
01 arose within thie wails of the city. It wa
a- thenr that thie modest Basilica of Paris wa\s
0- ctmintrated on thie desert Jbauk of the
Žd Seine, where onme stood i temple dedicated
y, to Jupiter, and where now stands thie nmig
re nifcent cathedral of whlich we write.
me Being inalslcientfor the increasuing Chriis
le tiasts population, this primitive chlurch-was
t; replaced by another built in 555 by Chilie
i- bert, at the desire of St. Germaiu, Basslap
r- of Paris. It was tirat dedicated to St. Ste
Ed phen, but when Robert, son of Hugh Cape',
to undertook to reconstruct it, he putit under
its the patronage of Our Lady. It 875 this
Is. church was destroyed. When peace was
:t, proclaimed by the conversion of Rollen,
i- another arose from its ruins and stood until
the episcopacy of Maurice de Sully, Bishop
g. of Paris, 1164. This illustrious prelate re
r. solved to build a new cathedral, and ani
Is, mated by thie zeal of the people, and tihe
us liberality of princes, commenced the foun
dation oT the present church, but died
without the cousolation of seeing the end
of his labor, and two centuries passed ere
ut completion crowned the work.
This august edifice lus suffered muchi
le frbtn the ravages of time, but morefroan
x. the lands of man.
e. Memory, wandering back throughl the
as vista of centuries, can review the scenes
ne that passed within the hallowed walls of
ail this glorious cathedral, where the prayers
ed of so many millions have for ages gone up
to God. There often when victory han
as i of prsle ane a
.e listen to a
il a-d n_r qere
n and fervor of e
a. bholy men, now a
'ret. St. Francai a
*O .aul, Plebler, 4
os aidd'g Peralde Ha
vi s shallive on in the
eof "when the greata
thae t _w~ h the sun- a
shine oft hir gio a a",n decay. ii
And not toi be tft last sad
soleman ae wltne sequel of a
the tragsdyofl ar e the obsequies t
of Archbishop Dar by, t. victim of the Q
venomed bshat scattered a century ago by a
Voltaire and his school., a
Oh,' Fraiee I' Th'odift still the beautiful,
111ll in the multitude, of thy people, tile a
rieive tbhe berole.. ~i t "tmu.h sagain be t
France, the just and the holy, as thou wert f
when thy fllustriouseBishop, Maurice de I
Bally, laid the obundatioa obthe noble and c
Illowed edifice of Noire Dame. May the c
Divine Headfo r h hasten the I
day when thy .az'imcn 1
Him,-and. His ta athe rue philos-
ophy that shall.teah Tjmq, lbw to live and t
bpow to die. TIhe, and prtill then, canst I
'thon, poer fallea France, lajust claim to
that noblest of thy titles, "The Eldest
Daughter of theCh`orcl:--Z dodon Lamp.
STICK To SoME ONE PURSUIT.-There
cannot be a greater error than to be fre
quently changling one's business. If any
man will look arouond and notice who have
go labh and. ho have not, out. of those he
started life with, he will find that the sue
.esuful have generally stuck te some pur
5Y. _wo lawyerS, for example, begin to
practice at the lame tim." One devotes
his whole mind. to hib profesmion, layq In
alowly a stock of legal learning, and waits
patiently,-it may be for years, till he gains
n oppor. anjty to showhis superiority. The
other tired of sei plow, work, dashes into
politis. Generally, at the end of twenty
years the latter 4ll anot be worth "a penny,
while the former; will have a handsome
practiee, and count his tens of thousands
in bank stock or mortgages, .Two clerks
attain a majority simultaneously. One re
mains with his former employers, or at
least in the same line of trade, at first on a
small salaty, then od' larger, until finally,
if he is meritorlou, he is taken nato part
nership. The other thinks it beneath him
to fill a subordinate position now that e
has become a man, and accordingly starts
into some other. business on his *own ac
count, or undertakes a new frm in the old
line of trade. Where does he end I Often
in insolvency, rarely in riches. To this
every merchant can testify. A young man
is bred a mechanic. He acquires a distate
for his trade, however, thipks it a tedious
way to get ahead, and sets out for the WVest
or for California. Bat, in' most cases, the
same restless, discontented and speculative
spirit which carried him away first renders
continuous application at any one place
irksome to him, and so be goes wandering
about the world, a sort of semi-civilized
Arab, really a vagrant in character, and
sure to die insolvent. Meantime, his fel
low apprentice, who had. staid at home,
practicing economy and working steadily
at his trade, has.grown comfortable in his
circumstances, and is even perhaps a citizen
of mark. There are men of ability in every
walk of life who are notorious for never
getting along. Usually it is because they
never stick to any one business. Just
when they have mastered one pursuit,
and are on the point .of making money,
they change it for another which they do
not understand, and, in a-little while what
little they Are worth it lost forever. We
know scores- of such persons. Go where
you wilf, you will generally find that the
men who have failed in life are those who
never stuck to one thing long.` On the
s other hand, your prosperous man, nine
t times out of ten has always stuck to one
0 pursnit.-The Warkman.
PRACTICAL JOKEs.-Jokes, g*.nmerally,
r are delicate things to handle, and not
d every one can choose, correctly. the time
n and place for joking, and but very few are
e happy in their selection of jokes. Never
k theless, a "bonmot," when applicable, and
not too pointed, will afford mnuch innocent
amusement, and, perhaps, give new life to
a lagging conversation.
Butthere is one sort of jokes which can
d very rarely .be indulged In with safety, and
d this is what is generally termed practical
S joking. A great many practical jokes are
e made on the flrstday of April, and, indeed,
5 this is perhaps the onlf day of the year
when it is at all excusable to make them;
e for, on this day, every one expects either
Sto '"fool or be fooled," as tihe little urchins
e have it, and hence no very serious conse
a quences occur. But we Ihavo heard of
d many instances where the results of a
e practical joke were very serious. Make
o believe ghosts" have frightened young peo
t ple to death. A sudden jump from behind
h the door after several mysterious knocks
i- has had a similar eflec.. Quarrels have
it been made between old friends by some
r friend of both parties who practiced his
".jokes trpoa them." Serious accidents of
Is many kinds are narrated as tile result of
d practical joking.
S Hence those who are inclined to be witty
at their neighbor's expenouse, should make it
a rule, first, to be ever ready to take as
a much as rilthey give; secondly, nsyer to
e rik nmm untoward result mud, thirdly,
ml never to ,offend against charity ill whateverU
-they say or do, even though it be in, mere
a tiTiESTAL WZISDOMx.-One deprived of the
faculty ot speech, who sittethl in a corner
p deaf and dumb, is preferable to him who
cannot govern his tongue.
Intlie time oomy childhood I was very
r religious. I wdh punctual in the perform
is ance of my devotions and abstinent. One
a night I had bereI aiting in the presence of
Smy fathler, not haLingeolosed my eyes dar
ing the whole time, add with the Holy
p Koran in my hand, whilst numbers around
me were asleep. I said to ·ipyfather: "Not
one of theselifteth up his head to perform
e his genuflectiohs; bus they are all so fast
asleep that you would say they are dead."
d He replied: "Life of your ftther, it
d were better if thou wert also asleep than to
e be searching out the faults of nmakind.
The boaster sees nothing but hlimselft, hayv
i ing a well of conceit before his eyes. If
a he were endowed with an eye capable of
discerning God, hie would not discover any
a person weaker than himself."
a They asked Lockman from whom hlie had
f learned urbanity. He replied, "From
a those of rnde manners; for whatever 1
p fonad in them that was disagreeable, I
d avoided doing the same."
The superior repi To e p s r
lend money; sad:' CI M Mta m ah
as someý gn 74a S a 10-11
ap sealog .s of, themth
FPrraux GaaTr KY1nAxas.-!i is gmst
mistake to set up our wma standard eof gbt
and Wrong, and jugPe psople*s ord
nAgr.. I is a great .mls.tak to ea.
su a th ejolments of oi U AW
own; to ezpo~e niformit ,eopi•
this wod; solr ta moAR
perienne in youth to ndeav to moe
all dispositions alike; not to yield ie I
material triges; to lIok for, perfeetion fi
our own actions; to worry ourselves sad
others with what-cponoe be remedled; not
to alleviate all that neebd alleviation, as
far as lies In oar power; not to make al
lowance for the Infirmities of others; to
consider everything Impossible which we
cannot perform; to believe only what oun
finite minds can grasp; to expect to be
bi-- F-tofmderstnd-very--thing.----The
greatest of all mistakes is to live only for
time, when any moment may launch us
into eternity.
The last versiont of he.O. Washington
story A youthful bpgoqund an egg, and,
yielding to the mate tfh atinct, sat upon
it until the process aincubation was com
plete. Her nqtehr,. who iad laid the egg,
and had taken great piJps in shaping and
coloring it, came along, and seeing only
the broken shell, burst into tears and said*
"AlAs, 'my daugtber, who has 'destrojy
my favorite egg f" The fatlhered offspring
quickly responded: I cannot tell a lie,
mother; I cannot tell a lie, I did it with
my little hatch'it.".
Many young men are so improvident
they -cannot keep anything but late hours.
HOUSE FURNISHI GOODS.
JOHN BOIS,
291 .............Camp Streeth.............291
otur Plari sine re thks n tpo h ubll for the liberal
Aeroa beetoeD upo him in a aR peat e ct._
uiyeliob ito" eoaicsaus of am thesa gupa tene7g
i. ail Gean no n. full eatiil O, a Is
1m.ishb onl eT.tHORiOUGHLY LLeeTT.. an-d _..18
PAIRLD, and now offers efor de na un lo of PWORNI
TURE, LOOKING GLSES~ PITUBES, WSHADIES,
COLD at tc.
Pictures pd Lookinrg Glassm Framed. o pholaterlnf,
BRenel tig and Varnleslg done In the beat manner,
ad Fln 4ed wth re and dispatch.
Mr. Bot's outrgee ae VbRY LOW'. ees a tm
C ARPET AND OIL CLOTH WAREHOUSE,.
J. M. Elkin. F Stringer. I
ELKIN CO.,
158..............Canal Street. ....i.........18
Near Barnno. New Orleans,
r IMPORTERS OF ALL VARIETIES OF
ENGLISH CARPETING, RUGS, ETC., ETC.
We are now receiving from ngland and the North a
ae aewortment of Velvets, Brusels, Three-Plies and
ian CIARPETS. Ue, lsrge aes orme of CUR
TAINS White and Colored, the wole or wagch e will
offer to our cusatomers at the very lowet piees. 's10 3ma
.WLIO.PAPRE. PAINTS. WINDOW GLASS.Zio.
119............Common Street...........119
The undersigned, formerly of 105 Canal street, an.
nunones to his friends and the public that he is now
located at 119 COMMON STELET. between Camp and
St Charles streets.
He cails spaecl attentien to his stock of WALL
PAPER, ranginn price from lec. a rolupwards
His stack of PLANTS, OILSS GLAS. WINDOW.
SHADES. eta, being very large, and his expeone
being much lower than formerly. hbe is enabled to sell
all articles In his lne at Greatly Reduced Prices.
Call and see or .voareeles.
L WHEELAHA., 119 Conm.on at.
(leonine English WHITE LEAD (B. B) alwave on
hoel myl4 ly Tf
U T E R, Importer and Dealer in
FItENCH AND GERIIAN LOOKING GLASSES.
Fine Oil rPaintlugs. Engravings and Lltbographs in
Colors and Plalin Chromoe of all Pnublations Oval
anwl square Portrait and Plcture Fprsmes of all
lizes and patterns' A*ttto' Materials for
'ainting in Ol. W'ater and Pastel Colors;
Carpets, Msts. Mtting and Rug,.
Lace Curtains, Window Sbhad and Cor.
,,lces, Curtain Holders, Picturers Cord annd
Tl.in-.l, Photograph Albums, Psser Books,
('r-.iflxes. Carved Wooden Goads, eta. Wine French
CAl:VD OAK DINING ROOM MIRRORS.
1i3 CANAL STREET. (Tours Row)
-hi9 ;I ly New urleanl.
J J. DO NAUOE.
SMannfacturer of
M ATTRESSES,
'243 Girodl street, bet. Rampart and Dryades,
Now Orleans.
VWill kLep constantly on hand g-neral assortment of
Mattresses at the lowest factory price.
Botel, Country, Steamboat and City trade solicited.
faIIlr and Spring Mattresses, Feather Pillows, etc.,
made to order and repaired with dspatch, no0 ly
C ALPET IVAl1IEUOUSE,
19............ Chartres street............. 19
A. BI:OUSSEAU CO., Importers, offer at low prices
CARPETING S. EngUsh ad Amerian, ofs all kinds.
OIL CLIOTHS, Floor, Farditure and EnameL
MATTING-5l0O rolls China, 100IUO pice Cocoa.
WINDOW SHADES. Table andPiano Cover
aCRUMB CLOTHS, Drugget, Linen, Feb.
CURTAINS-Laees Reps, Worsted, Dmsk, etc.
FURNITURE COVERING Linen and Cotton,
f Stripes, etc.
f CORNICES. Bands, Pins. etc. no13 ly
WTLLIAM EGAN,
Manufacturer and Repairer of Spring
Hlir. Feather, Moa and Excelsior MIUTAHESES.
t Also, Pillows. Sheet., Blanket and MLosquito Bm,
0 No. t5 BLENVILLE STREET, between Royal and
0ourbon streets, Now Orleans.
Steambote. Hotels and Boarding Houses supplied at
9 chort notice and low rates. Also, Storage reeived'
i asd carfuliy stored. ee3 711y
S URNITURU FOR SALE AT HUGH PLYNI'8,
16t7 Poydre street, between St. Charles and Caron.
deletetreets. Secondhand Furniture bought in large
or small quantities Furniture received on storage end
well carerd for Office nd Household Furniture aold st
r the moeat res bble rates. Also a large lot of Iron,
Bedstased which will be sold cheep. Office and sales.
room, 17 P'eydrseu. between St. Charles and Carondelet.
STEAM
a VARIETJ WOOD WORKS,
SMITH DONNELLY, Proprietors,
104............St ,Joeoph Street........... 104
LUMBER DRESSING
t Straight and Circular Sowing, Wood Turning,
SCIS'TERNS made and repaired. Stair Banisters and
t Moulding. made to order. Cotton Presses, Machinery
n and ,litaral Implementa.
Please addres Box 186, Merchants' and Dealers' Ex.
t change. _acd7l ly
J. K. BAILEY,
1 246..........CANAL STREET 246
VINEGARI
e]8, STABISHD I°
jeli l 1ly ESTABLISHED IN 1140,
MERCHhANTh' ilTIW A., C'IfA lO.
Or NEW ORL-A'S.
,a trdert with tsL reto mr of -ersh5hertl
the umran y 0h6lh the M1hoaea<.Wl'Sne
-s n t iatdr asn of rth ps e leonimes
a-.................. $71,08' 6S
tsbraeg 1seeaums, may al, eset........ e88,
ea. o39 046
em pa. y Is.U ........._.-.....----. 0m-- -he l t
ow....... ........6
t as. Ma 4 "1 6-"
,ol~mc.ao ........-..1 s0 o 3
Yhta1 bone tee i..s ......r 7soof o
4r'pt rom Ohe boos to the ol-ompang20
0W. NO:, Se aas_ 1•.6
arhof cOrlecon. 0 e o"
S1wOearnedon,.. eosub ý 2esae m, 00 75- t 6.5a 6o0
et okeemthao of te DrDo and hoDi Yard
tr 540..., .r- of pe 3 .a... eO l 110, Preaide n
C ..u s a. 00.
t tior of the er atC Drt 10e 0 0n
Morisp doadsn otns tIJgo ofp 'onof tahena mgSmop
Mortag Roo p s Omi Hail. A m000 00
tsrle joraes, e a.. .....e t ..3"0. 6.510000
Oeeeo e Nooudl ngtO pte re and
S otoOZ K k 7C,*En- 19,,.0
DIMMMLC ~en t
Toh. B W o anoe r etaS e i a. ..s 1e
of o ouOrienas1,00, y f
s.orn to ý ubribed b eroe m, thi 3 thd day
te m the Bo e Diredtor., held on the
thirdl daynte. 181, it r dos- Jed to dec1r
serp dividend oi TeITY oper cat e the ne(eatred
ort.ptil prenm..for...the yereen.i .y0-., 1571
die aofve An ent Let. Also, tno py oaned acertthn
ead oday Li Jind next the when lrnaY o fBorp
for the years 1863, 1864fnd 185 and SI per cent In.
Te 1.pon lnreC of btheooks of Ctn cn er:
P. W onry, enret.o P. upero
p. s Wilto, D. toCo ard S.Z Rol.
Mwr. Ptlg, n oubscrb uoy, Dm A. Chayix,
CllaneLteom, 8 J. wJ.ernanda Jevll 7i y
Office, No. 2 Carondelot trcet.
taeretaery and oTreanrer. Preeie..oldent.e
third S.y of Ja 81W.C. iwsrepul. W.t deWlkera
Against death byf acident or dleease upon ns eand
Urwbcattermn. san will pby icoeos within aLfE DAYS
after the death Is reported.
Entrane years -H63~ oreo and Mo, aSr hood. 6tI00
Cowe 8 4
Aseesmnent in event of death, per head (either
Hores, Mules or Cows)...........................5
trs0 head acreeuand Mle San 1000 head Cows (with.
out regard to valna sen) to .enstltnto das |ec4 3m
p A. IIPAu KE pht H A Chp
Fire, Riveri ne Insrand e Inaurance Agency,
CA Oi ASSETS REPREo.2 NTE OER SiXetoe
MILLION. S.
Security Life Tesr ur sad Annuity Companyd
The Loading nanrance ConW,.tio Of the Unted StatWes
I P.A. RARKUo, Agent,
INUW ORLEHSE MUTUALE NSANC COW
Ofice Cor. Camp and Canal
9 Premiums received ending the yean 1870..... 47.901 57
LoAres, taxm, expenses. ose., paid durl easeme
period............................... .13,510 5
Auetr eon 3lt December, 1st0......it..... 80ll74 07
j. TUTEKS, President.
i. i ELiNCKS. Se retary.
A DIRRECTOR
Geo. Urqnhart, tRocheteo.a.. fl.Banchrd,
WH. B. Schmldt, r. Babeoock, n. Payro,
a, Mlteaberger. ug. BRelchard, J. Tyge.
mJaw lyN. SCrnee tet
HARDWARE-STOVES-COOPERAGE.
THE AMERICAN STOVE.
TAB VICTOR AT FIVE STATE FAIRS.
For DURABILITY ECONOMY IN FUEL, PER.
FECT BAKING QUALITIES, It rivals any Stove
made in this country..
THE COLUMBIAN COAL OR WOOD STOVE
is the BEST COMBINED Fuel Store ever offered to
the public.
A General Assortment of
COOKING AND HEATING STOVES, TINWARE,
GRATES, HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
BIRD CAGES, RTC.
Count City Orders solicited for BOOPING and
PHIL. McOABE,
seI4 6m American Stove Depot, 00 Camp street,
J S. AITKENS SON,
3368....... TrcouPTrrouL STREETr........33
DEALERS IN HARDWARE,
Iron, Steel, Copper, Brass, Lead, Galvenised Spikes,
Brass and Comp atlon. b Blds' olts d-.
Compoesition, Ship Hardware, Raflidrs' Hard
wars and Fire Grates.
Lockmiths' and Bell ]adgers' ateials.
Together with the greatest variety eery desedription
of Mechanics' Toole ail Hardware to be foupd in the
South, at reasonable prices. Je4 '71 ly
G. PITARp,
DEALER IN
Builders' Hardware, Grates and Mantels,
PAINTS, O11 VARNISH. TURPENTINE,
.WINDOW GLAS aond WALL PAPER.
349............ Common trp 349
myi4 17 Near Claiborne MaIrket.
OFFICE OP THE SUN MTUAL INBU
RANCE oAMPANT NEW O2LERNL8
el. ......61 ay: 61
FIUt3rrH A1NN3AtL STATEENT.
t __111
aw O>astad 5re 21, ;1.
oar Mt s th essuelhmebns et their aubate
the e 9 ..y l hei f..f I.ewisgs, t44e t te,
Amomatef hem A bPeer Ondlf Deber 31
On l is ...s a
o" marks aL sq--·--- c
on strar·. a s. ..---r. ·L 1 e s
604,23 11
Add' 1
4ee 5.10
,...a. .e ....I. S 3.
ipmIl*a rtms. -5 l...... 4 S_612
,--es .ses s 6,7 04
Las:asts as
litaeoInt aId iLteli, sn ptcdt
and eas. s ,~a... 5o
02306,79910 09
The Cemgay a. use iOg estimated at
a r e s. af r !atssIe m s i u ahs 1.9.1 o6
..l.l......... s,1 4o
i 4 .se*6 a........... ..60 0
I.........,....... 3.9
:sd:t .d inteest; n prfit
S 5 .7. 80
Ilfe s is.l............. {13,06
nladadlug Divideads.
.TheCov h s hm e tin a just, true and correct trs. a
Parish of Orlean- it of NOrea
HOMA oS0 23,30'
Sworn to and subsoibel4 beas, me, this twsnty.drs
a of0 Jsaa 12
ois or Or- lERO, Jr., otary Pu.. bl.
te t nes on r.ie ti n 1s-ca
te -a.rstagºak b,.... _...... i,3-9e
E6 .ORLEAN .r .NR......E I. AOCA
wil be ssuoedon pubandf the foldo a Mat:
TrSemiums received aS Si Presdl year, ndi
JOS e3 eGans e Iem.ber Prsient0
te l aes............................. H. ,5 7 9
ThrL o R este ma I.................... c
Weis r c p s.. A ent,
Rhesar nd lowrbned Hosi es th.. o mtastf 0 s
NANDýSII 10SUr. NCtary Publiso.
The e oDrrr eeP t r res.... 10,01 7,t
-lear s intere..... 23,00 1 3,
sliet re ..eb premu a3s,187 6e
18m771" lant o .u..e.......... .,4 diiend
Tp e Df o n tmeos t n t ru. n. d corret tra..rp
kom W B:the of the V iROce Presldent.
TIT A .NN A NL Secretary.
Pasre for s hon itd ol w. Orl30 ns.
on tondformit with.bd t eruremen this ftrshe t dca
Preium reeined durin their Brt Biscien.
r Ienaw, DecMer3, W
aWes. r y e A. 4,7 nt
Tmot al .ind t .e 1ii, it
RLee unearnler. Premums 6Thom"0,4 o
NEUTONRLAN INSURANCE COMPANY
ie or te es.................4ement o tirsr,
eAO esie
Reserved eona dus gted l s. fca0 0are
SOTRTST o LuswEES
oL (uiGLIsUn tyreto ubic
Frne prem oiu ............................$37 e r l
Cashne.... s.......O................ 14.41 6
vetPemaind bills ...........D......... 14, 4762
S otao .n.e................... _ ....3T010 28
Leunare Pr emiums eocllc......... .10.4.5104i
.etrno d rem. ..........1. 68,00,8 7
d6, 6 ecrtary
-5,- ]le~o~a141,33 O t of i u
S on t and p cr.iued bef.oremethisfo.urthod.. o6
deivelnofss t 47,7 PAa N
a afterthe th................... o F r 348y n d
Reseramd ount ofadjuntedpreium..s pa0 d
LessInterest 2,6A6O 6 7r6elden
336,'01 t3
cStock s 1, 0 o
C_ CAVAROC. President.
to G. LLAAUX Seeretary.
P ariah ,fOrleans, Cityh o NreruOrld,
Sw rorn to a.d subsribed bore me, this fourth di. of
Lo RaLs, Jr., A othur Poicnti,
wP. mote, Bu ,sto. T.aet ondi.
TEO~~~o jel 71 lyWE.O~AN