the news.
Al I lull! I
Xir U< "Olt fevf-i in Ofhuft.
tuiii l.wul U>li*; ies ai e al.ul;iro
eon.
party has been formed in
New ork oily.
Pjvk polled i-cn r rt talerl i di* in I’hilnd'!
1 Ida, charged with inciting a rio
Inn official canvass in Net aasi.a shows (ill
m.. .rit a gamut the now eolJstitiirioii.
ll!i <•’evatml r;:l!way in N*-w iniK e. I was
•old at mortgage sale on .Tlmihday, for r". r )O,-
000.
A llw. Millkk was rohlmd of in
Mount Pleasant, lowa, on fndav evening
lan.
ioj.rrn*i meeting iu Mahotung City. l‘a.,
hi ken up by a mob on Wtuinosiiay eve
ning.
IN Lowell, Mime., from Sept. 19 to Kept. 20
inclusive, there have hcn reported 110 cases
of small-pox.
I ni: pr.iirii an on foe from fort i often to
the Mif-oim, a distance of one hundred and
Warty five miles,
lin ahip wriphta -f tin Clvde. who have
(lined tin- Nun- Hour League, have been lock
ed out by i heir employers.
p.ju nsii revenue returns for the year ending
September doth, show a ilmi ease, as compared
will, la-t year, of over hall a million pounds
sterling.
A nisi Aia it from New York states that the
ease of the fraudulent importation of spi
h o eii settled by the payment to the gov
en mei.t of isO.OOO.
Ai tin, Moline, water-power canal, on
Thursday, the nneapeeted explosion of a blast
i.o ed a in in named Johnson and tore off one
of l he laborer's hands.
lu. Hoard oi Commissioners of Foreign
M -muis have voted nuamnion-lv to include in
then work the sending of missionaries to nom
inally (doisUan lands.
V o.vNn of horse thieves made u raid into
Iviratine (sty, Wednesday evening, broke open
the jail and liberated three of their eoinpani
on- an 1 then made good their escape.
I.IU Aleutian Islanders have killed 50,000 fur
sea) this seosoii, hilt were nnal le to sell over
halt the skins and threw the remainder, worth
a halt million dollars, properly cured into the
sea.’
nwtasfi; of twenty-five miles along,the
Wafmsh JUilroad, bohvean New llavet -and bn
tiaie e, O, has been devastate I by a conllagl.i
tim t a njiei s. to i\ their (mi iis and ii etses,
plowed around them.
Ini Inn k steam (louring null tit Weldor
City. lowa, owned by Moore ,V Solders, was to
taik’ destroyed by tire last Friday night. The
building and inaehiney wore valued at sti,ooo;
insured for sa.iiuo.
Tar Secretary of the Tieasmw ba j instr i t
id Uic assistant treasurer at New York to buy
ifJ, ooo, Otkl of bonds caeli Wednesday, and stdl
■f'J.OOO.Oth) of gold eaeb Thursday liuritig the
inotitli of October
inouoi W. Da allow, overseer on Tifft’s
farm, neat llullalo, while riding borne in a
buggy, was murdered by some unknown per
son, who the I several shots from an velvet,
apparently through the back of (he curtain of
tbevebiele.
I'oDB Isiys, whose pareiiis reside on Cottage
l’l% e, Chicago, went boat riding on the lake
sUui'l.tv afiunioiiH, .ml uro hii i in luivo
Pccit-ili owned, m Hit’ iniat was found Heating
Ixittuin upward* several hours after their de
parture.
V uii Aim linillx-r linn recently received an
order fnr feel luinhei’ from Mr.
Maitland, the extensive lUiumx tanner. I lie
lumber ix to he need h\ Mr. Maitland in build
ing a corn crib, mid will make one ahnnt two
miles U>u^r.
nm r cut died the banking lumen of l.r
ru kxon, Jennings A Muuifnrd. in UchuHter,
N Y m\\ edi 1., i.i., and mil, he lap i,a
containing'. it, 100 in Panada iieuey, from ,1.
P Itl'iggx ,lx Mi We al It a- Mt it, Ihe
thief eei ,l(.ed.
\t explosion of sulphur occurred ir tie
ittu colliery, near Pottsvdle, I’a., Monday
altcrncoii. Patrick MeMichacl, (ieorgn ibm-
Up. Ja* oh Vest, and I'homae Hare, weta kill
ed, aid lo ois.e Ihiiiice miiloiixly injured. Om
miner la missing
Oh Pndnv afternoon, nt Ostrander's 1 .in 1
itlg, K> Ihiee index below VlUHterdam, .1 1".
Moore, late of Madi ii, Ind. and l.evi AppU>-
ga%, ior ni*o a desperate li while in a skill,
oa|iei/.ed the hoal, and weie drowned. The
steamer Ooineha brought 14 Moore remain*
1 tea afternoon.
lx kr on \V In --,h I 1 )*.i.
wax arraigned for a misdemeanor, and pleaded
nofjfmlty. He wax admitted to had in i*;tti,-
l a in. 1 >,tvix ixvd to have offered mod: al ax
xix ance to females through the medium el
hnimexx catdx tUrnxt mider the doom of tin
melons houses m the citv.
1111 international mouey-ordcV system be
te>u the I'nited Statex and Orest Kritaiu hax
gone into operation. Ueiniltancex can alxo
Pe made to international money onion via
Switzerland, to all the principal ciliex and
t, ,vnx of Austria, Hungary, Spam. Kuxxia,
Henmark, Norway, burkey, Ureeee,
I'cypt. tire Kaxt huhex and I'hina.
V In mi it.
lot Vi. na oil work*, in Philadelphia were
htnrned on Thursday. Loss d.OOO.
I'm M-iseor-giindere, cutlerx ami carpenters
of Shetheld, and the spinners of Holton and
1* mdee ’nave struck work.
Vm ind ei f oungraiiu which sailed from
the port of laverpool during the last three
lUvtilhx 1 1- til’ y Uiouxaiul, an increase of five
thousand over the miiuP. i of the previous
o taller.
I'm statement that France ha-t consented
o.th.e striking out of article in the nwlonis
treaty wuh Uermany is continued.
k :il oiKiM fri'tii Madrid xs\> the I'eno
i its cv. rywhere ire making dottn'tistraticns
in f of /.ordli Twenty two trover;-,. :x
of 1 v ioc. x have tendered their resignations.
I; srv pi-of.vxxors m the I’liiversily o
!Uin ,e refused to t vke the eath mjturej
by t! ,'uii tiovernutent.
i’ur. .■ns of Ihjon. Piance. complain of
tlm tyrannical conduct of *he Herman troops
ccupy.m, t!,..: ,'v
V |’aut< sc’ii Mm says Ihe supporters of the
Impin' are P.s g K '.der in the r intrigues
and agitating Bjs-n’y for the restoration,
i 11. 1* voted I
unlhon ft sues for the repair of the monuments
,v 1 n hud he,,;- lania dmm the sego
and rvi u of the I'onimune
IT FlltKS i\ nsini.o
Most Valuable, Portion cf the
City Burned,
LOSS MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
MANY PERSONS K2LIZC
Tiicauo, Oct. H. —A conflagration
lust night destroyed the buildings in
the four squares bounded on the north
bv Adams street, west 1 v Clinton, south
by Van I’ureti and east by the Chicago
River. Home four or five buildings
within the limits named remain uhin
mred, atftring them Nelson
Co.'s 'Tain warehouse, one of the larg
est ui the city, which escaped any se
rious damage. The ground burned
over was covered with a lumber yard,
coal yard, wood yard, a planing mill, a
vim-gar factory, and a large number ol
dwellings and saloons of the poorer
class. A close estimate of the entire
loss place it, at from two hundred and
fifty to three hundred thousand dollars,
with probably one-half that amount in
su ranee.
Cun yon, Dot. 8, II:30 p, m A noth
er terrible conflagration is now raging
here. The tire commenced near Tay
lor street, midway between Delevan
and Jeiiersoii, is spreading in every di
rection and covers at least ten blocks
at this hour, and still seems beyond
control. The blocks are built up sol
idly, almost exclusively of two-story
frame houses, occupied as residences,
boarding houses, saloons, groceries,
1 etc.
12:4.” a. m., oth The conflagration
has already devastated at least twenty
blocks, mostly composed of (he smaller
1 class of dwellings, inhabited mainly by
poorer people. Not le s than three
liiindred Imildi ngs have been entirely
.destroyed, and more than that number
of families rendered homelesss. The
district already burned over embraces a
large number of lumberyards, freight
depots i tin-< liieago ,V St. Louis and
Pittsburg, Ft. Wayne Chieago Rail*
roads
hoard from the fire was blown
aero vs to the east side of the river and
set tire to a wooden building directly
adjoining tin Chicago gas house. The
(lames spread in every direct ion, the
adjoining buildings being all of the
tinder-box kind. The prospect is that
the gas house will be destroyed and the
city wrapped in darkness.
IT bridge across Van Bureii street
is burned, the shipping in the river,
the ears (ui the track of the Idea go and
Alton and Fort Wayne roads, with the
immense freight house there, are swept
away.
t, vi. Uverone-half of the Som'i
I ainl i large portion of the North
id are reduced to ashes. The city is
ah 1 fr-mu Twelfth to Krie streets, and
the fire is spread rapidly in all diroe-j
tn ms making a clean sweep along its
course.
The streets are literally packed with
th mi- unis of wagons loaded with fur
niture and valuables, saved from the
burning buildings. The h>-s of life is
great. As yet no estimate of the num
ber can be made. Thousands are leav
mg the city to seek new quarters.
Tin Court lloiiso, ('luiiulmr of Pom
nn reo. Western I tiiim I'eh-gniph otlhv,
I lev ere, Sherman sud I’aliiier House.,
soveiiil ilovaliu .uul railroad depot
lie in ruins.
As-i.siuaee from nil parts is hurrying
to the city.
litp-ine is entirely suspended. All
the 111111, is of the jail under the Court
llun -e v,t-n- roasted alive. Their uum
l-er not known. Ml connunnieation
with tin' Hied destroyed.
livn-u. Hditl \i Harwell Mull, the
t )pera House, Field, Meiter A t I.drv
goods house, 1 reinont House, Tribune
and rostolliee and Water W orks are nil
burned.
l.AtKsi, 10:110 a. m. Ihe whole cent
tral, eastern and north side business
portions of the city are consumed, and
it,e tire is still under full headway No
desenption can convey an idea of the
siifVcring community.
From lh> Chicago Ix-dg. r MoikUv aflerueeu.
At about nine o'clock last evening,
Annies broke out in a small barn on
I’arijuahi" street, near .1 oilers-n, in the
u Mivisi ibout
mile from the South llraiu-h of the
river. How thos<-tbuuesu! iguated, \v
do not know, though rumor has it that
they were the result of incendiarism,
ami also that they sprang from a ear.
less] v used pipe or cigar. He the ns it
may, the tire soon ipr. id toad
joining buildings, and in .1 few m-v
nu-nts mere the entire department was
idled out. V more unfavorable turn
to cheek and extinguish afire lias never
been know 11 in this city. The weather
hits for weeks been unusually dry. and
becoming dryer every day
Ail tin- buildings W.o j-.uvie 1 0
Old la ,(S UK idiot) to be 1
titub-r. A strong wind amounting to

the tlames spread, in a northeasterly
direction, was fearful. Ih-spite tin
most vigorous eilbrtA of the tire depart
ment. the lurid ti e leaped from root
to roof and from budding; t building,
rapidly enveloping bi. ek after block 111
tin 1 r consuming embrace the 1 Torts
of the tiremou vv.-rn down and jadeu
is they were by t'm- piv\\ >as nig, is
rough toil seetm-d utterly inadequat.
to st iv the onward -an or of th.e de
vour': 1 ;cu •t, ;t re ug H be
came ippati t that the city was
doomed to su.th r the most appalling
visitation cf the ;1 1 tie nil that it las
ever e\t>< 1.,! Py the oombnu l
etVorts (if n v. po'uvnit'U and edi
further west tliiin Despluines street,
and while the “burnt district of tin*
Saturday night tire check- and the tire
from.going north on thin side of tha
river of Van Bur n street bridge, which
structure was speedily consumed. But
after taking all the buildings, lumber
piles, An*., within the area specified
above, the conflagration broke out
afresh on the cast sidd of the river.
This sudden transfer of the devouring
flames to the South Division was the
result of the largo shower of sparks
and cinders which were curried across
the stream by the gale, many of them
lodging on wooden roofs, cloth awnings
and other combustible material, and
soon creating a sen of flames which
sent consternation to many a brave
heart.
By tlds time nearly the entire popu
lation of the city had been aroused,and
the streets for a mile or two surround
ing the Beene of the disaster were
thronged with excited, swaying human
ity, and with all descriptions of vehi
cles, pressed into service for the hasty
removal of household goods and per
sonal effects. livery street resembled u
second hand furniture store, goods of
all descriptions being loaded and un
loaded here and there and everywhere,
in promiscuous confusion. Invalids and
cripples were carried away on impro
vised ambulances; aged women and
helpless infants were speedily borne to
places of temporary or permanent
safety: people who were utterly over
come with excitement and fatigue were
seen sleeping on lounges, trunks and
tables, in the streets; empty houses
were forc’bly broken open and taken
possession of by homeless wanderers,
made desperate by the awful surround
ings in some instances as many as
five families turned into one and the
same house. Such a spectacle was nev
er before witnessed in Chicago, and it
hardly lias a parallel in the annals of
onllagrat ions.
After getting under complete head
way in the South Division, the flames
spread with fearful rapidity, and soon
many of the most valuable structures in
that Division were involved in the gen
eral conflagration
At about two o'clock in the morning,
the armory, a large stone building on
the corner of Adams and Franklin
streets, was reached, and ere long, from
this structure the cinders caught tin*
Smith Side las Works, on the oppo
site side of the Adams street. The di
struct ion of this vast reservoir of gas,
coal and coke was fearfully rapid,
while the explosion created at frequent
intervals sounded like the roar of ar
tillery.
B\ tins tijue it was evident that the
tire department could make no head
wax towards subduing tin* confirm..tiou
and that the flames were bound to
have it all their own way. Huildingaf-
ti i I)inldinur, block after block, were
reached by the devouring element, and
t seemed naif the entire city was doom
ed, Safety elevators, huge railroad
and Os, majestic viaducts, vast yards of
i and and lumber, palatial residences,
elegant business blocks in sliort every
species of structure not absolutely
fire proof and there is scarcely one
really tire proof building in the city
were all in turn encircled by the re
morseless Haines and speedily trans
formed into a mass of black ruins. The
many thousands of spectators who
stood at the Madison reetbridge, and
at other points on ti.e W est side of the
river, and beheld that vast ocean of
Hume which extended from near 12th
-treet north to the main liver, and east
from the South branch to the lake
shore, will never forget the awfully
rat and and thrilling -peetacle. It was
oniething more than a huge contlagra
whi gazed upon; it vi as
literally and truly n <i(;t on Jin The
area and the buildings then covered by
the flames were equal to a large-sized
city say of a hundred thousand inhab
itants. And yet the tire fiend was des
tined to achieve still further conquests,
as the sequel will show.
Onward swept the sea of flame, re
morselessly consuming everything
which tire could destroy that lay in its
truth, and not only did the flames
march northward and eastward, but
they also made -low but steady pro
gress southward, involving many of the
finest residences on Wabash and Mich
igan avenues, and all the other build
ings located betwi u Harrison street
a> 1 the main river, in tin South Divis
ion. The glaring cinders borne by the
fierce gale floated across the stream
and lodged among the parched pine
roofs of several structures nearest the
water, and soon they were also wrap
ped in flames, which no power within
the hands of authorities or citizens
could reach. A 1 then commenced the
North I)i\
The firemen worked like heroes,but all
in vain. They were powerless to
prevent the spread of the
tlames. and in less than an hour from
the time they broke out on that side,
the conflagration became general. For
a time the prim oil scene of the the in
that I'm- w t\\ .a V rth (’i irk
street and the lake, but by nine o’clock
this morning, the flam-, s hud spread
into other localities, and at noon the
S
destruction. W. cannot take t• me and
space, at t*hi> n nnent, to specify many
oi the more pv incut and costly struc
tni■ in that Division which "ere in
volved in the i in; but most of our
readers will e. prebend the magni
tude of the h c when we state that
Side
rtingfrom the mam riv r. the tlames
have been rapidly outreaching over
that extensive and populous por
tion of the city, till, at this
writing, three o’clock r. M.. tin
entue area, fr ra the river to the
I’ark, the N
branch to the lake shore, is a sea of lit
eral flame ami smoke. Of course this
n Mud. s acres on acres dwellings, a
great variety of stores. ..hops, and man
;;aettire*, -evor.il tim hotels, a number
of the largest and most elegant church
es .a the city, several railroad depots.
Hush Medical College, the JSortli Side
(as Work-,, and scores of other bni fil
ings amt institutions in a public calam
ity. And, worst of all the City Water
Works are destroyed, or so nearly so
that the supply of water is now entire
ly cut off. Tins is the most apalliug
feature of the win le catastrophe, and
well may it give rise to grave doubts as
to whether tlm conflagration will,when
ended; leave a dozen buildings un
scathed within the city limits.
ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
From the Chieugo Jimnwl Extra, Monday, 1 o'clock
P. M.
The tire broke out on the corner of
DeKoven and Twelfth streets, at about
nine o'clock on Sunday evening, being
caused by a cow kicking over a lamp in
a stable in which a woman was milk
ing. An alarm was immediately given,
but. owing to the high southwest wind,
the building was speedily consumed,
and thence the fire spread rapidly. The
firemen could riot with all their efforts,
get the mastery of the flames. Build
ing after building was fired by the fly
ing cinders, which, landing on Un
roofs, which were as dry as tinder,
owing to the protracted dry weather,
instantly took fire. Northwardly and
northeastwardly the fiami s took their
course, lapping up house after house,
block after block, street after street all
night long.
PARTIAL ACCOUNT OF THE LOSSES.
The first to be mentioned, and pos
sibly the most startling feature of this
carnival of flame, is the total destruc
tion of the (*ity Water Works, by which
calamity the firemen an- rendered help
less to make the least endeavor to ar
rest the onward march of the devour
ing element. Should any other fires
occur in parts of the city not burning,
tlu-y will most certainly have their way.
At about T 2 o'clock last night the sheet
of flames licked across the river in the
neighborhood of Jackson street, first
igniting a small wooden building, which
communicated the. lire to the Armory,
and soon to the South Side Gas Works,
the immense gasometer exploding with
a fearful detonation, In-nrd all over the
city. Then commenced the fearful rav
ages, which in a few hours laid the en
tire South Side in ashes, north of Har
rison. The post office and Custom
Mouse, the Chamber of Commerce, the
Court Mouse, and the red soon went
down in the ocean of lire and smoke.
In brief, the following prominent
buildings have perished with, in almost
every east*, their entire contents; Tin-
New Jerusalem Church, on Adams
street, and the Catholic Church on Des
plaincs st reet.
The'Journal office, the Tribune, the
Times, the Republican, the Post, the
Mail, the Staats Zeitnng, the Union,
and many other publications.
Crosby’s Opera Mouse, McVieker’s
Theatre, Mooley's Opera Mouse, Dear
born Theatre, and Wo.-d' Museum.
First, Second, TI rt
Uuio., Northwestern, Manufacturers*
Cool Countv, and Illinois National 1
Banks.
The. Second Presbyterian Church, St.
Paul's Uuiversulist Church, Trinity
(Episcopal I Church.
The magnificent depot of the Chica
go, Hock Island and Pacific and Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern Rail
roads, on Van Rnren street, at tin
head of Lit Salle street. The great
Central Union depot, and tin- Wells
street depots of the Chicago and North
western Railroad.
The National Elevator, corner of
Adams an<l the river, Armour, I A
Oo.'s Elevator, comer Market ami the
river, Hiram Wheeler’ i
same corner as the above, the Galena
I I
river, and “A" of the Illinois Central,
lit er the Illinois depot and the baa.an
I’remont House, Sherman House.
Briggs House, Metropolitan, I’aimer,
A amis, Bigelow, European, (Burk's t,
Carden City, and the. new Pacific in
process of erection ou Clark ami La
S;,lle a; roots.
The following prominent business
houses an 1 in ashes: Field, Loiter
Cos., -I. V. Farwell'.s block, and all the
magnificent blocks in that locality. the
Lake Suit' Publishing Company's new
building, on Clark street. Terrace How,
ou Michigan avenue, ami adjacent resi
dences.
Farwcll Hall burned at about four
o’clock this morning. x
treat it Nortl
Side are gone. lit fact, as stated above,
the entire South ui 1 North Sides, from
Harrison street northwardly, with a few
isolated buildings left standing in some
remarkable manner, are in hopeless
ruins.
TUE HOTELS.
All the prominent hotels in the city
are in ruins -the Pacific, Sherman,
Fremont, Briggs. Palmer, Bigelow.
Metropolitan, Matteson- besides doz
ens of other smaller caravansaries scat
tered over the East side from the riv* r
to the lake, and from Van Burnt b>
Water street. The destruction f prop
ertv i' is( terrible, and the scenes to
be wivs.is-ed on the streets are heart
rending. Business, of course, is un
til ely suspended, and evmy thing ou
wheels which can be made avaiiabh
for purposes "f moving are pressed into
service for getting goods out of the
eaeii of the devouring eh mm s, Wa-
M
south as Twenty-second street,are lined
with household goods and merchandize,
and guarded by weary and weeping
w< men and children.
Tin; I HAMBEK OF eOMMEKCT
budding, wltich stood the heat for .a
•’■’it time, came in (*r its phi.*** nitons’
the list of suifei’ers, auu soon after tlu
,;t,. xu x House, tins hands'. ra
building lay a mass of smoulder:i
nu; s,
THE w esTKItN EMON TE! t OK.U’-t V;
I.- if. g w destroy.’-I. is was als the
wl ,>ie block adjoining on the north and
a' tlu
pkintinct offices DusximyED.
\4 the daily piper s are cl
Tie Journal, Bust, Republican „:.l
Tunes i.reamotig those ’estroyed. The
Tribune Vmildiug 1 .ng lire-proof,
stood the- siege well, a i will proba-
My make its appearance as usual to
morrow. Tlu' Stunts Zeitnng (Ger
man*. and Evening Mail, which were iu
tlie same building with t:.t Evening
Post, suffered the fate ot their neigh
bor. The Auxiliary Printing House of
A. N. Kellogg, together with Spal lii g
Jl Lemon's j .It office, are in ruins. 1u
job offices of R .ml A McNally, Came
ron, Amberg, A Hoffman, Beach ,V Bir
nard, Rounds .V Katie, Culver, Page ,y
Hoyue, Jameson A Morse, and allot’
the prominent job ottit f the city
arc gone.
THE COUKT HOUSE
took fire about 1 o’clock, and at T the
old Court House proper was eveloped
in flames, the tail stecpl falling about
3 o'clock. The spires down with a
crash, which created an insufferable
heat on all sides of the sou .re.
TiCE FOSX-OFFK i„
after stemming the 'ide for inmrs, was
forced to surrender to the rhunes, and
about o o'clock on Monday morning it
was comlpetely “gutted by tire. All
the buildings adjacent to and in the vi
cinity ot the post office arc in ruins.
Polygamy
Jus ce McKean of It. i, says of
polygamy.
i ln ipbism by wbi h dygnmy is
sought to be justified in being in har
mony with America!, c; ilization is
the polygamy is a religions practice:
that religious toleration is one of the
fundamental principles American in
stitutions, and of the F 'era! Consti
tution that therefore, polygamy is
protected by the Constitution, and all
laws enacted against it ur unconstitu
tional. If the mass of t e American
people were barbarians, it the patri
archal or the tribal system of Govern
ment prevailed among tin it is need
less to say, that our --stnation and
institutions could nut exist.
It is not a little humiliating that it
should seem to be necessary to add
that our Constitution and institutions
do not require, lay, permit, t
toleratio ol anj practh ich wages
war against the existene; civilization.
There have been religions which re
quired the offering up of human sacri
fices to the sun, and tin* casting of in
fant children to the crocodiles of the
Ganges; but if such deed** were dene
in this country, is there i all the land
one man so dishonest that hi would at
tempt to justify them Ip plea of re
ligions toleration. Hut why waste
time in discussing such a proposition
as that involved in this ease.
When the burglar is n tit r to in
quire into crimes of _ when a
robber is a tit juror t inquire into the
crime of Larceny, whei aassin ia
tit juror to inquire into the crime ot
murder, then the bigamist, w ho swears
in substance that crimes are his relig
ion, may be a tit juror to inquire into
the crimes of bigamy and adultery.
Rut. thanks to the centurh-s of Christ
ian civilization, that time is not now,
and, judging from the st ady progress
of tin human race, that time will nev
er come. The challenge sustained,
and the three jurors named ire reject
ed.
Dexier ISomu'r“*> Offer.
Robert Bonner, of the New York
Ledger, has published tm following
card:
I have observed in the pup rs a para
graj tat that
Milwaukee offer to make a bet of 10,-
000 if Dexter will tret on their course.
Tiiis proposition is absurd units face,as
everybody knows 1 never dlow my horses
to trot for money; but f.vn n I were
disposed to trot for money, I certainly
would not do it on a track like the Mil
waukee track, where a quarter of a mile
is out of sight ot the judges. You might
as well talk about trotting horse on a
piteh-dark night, where nobody could
see whether he run or trotted. But
while I do not bet, I air; ready, as I
have previously ofieri and. to pay SIO,OOO
for the mere privilege of seeing any
h rse equal Dexter's la*d gr*mt perform
a nee when he trotted mile to a road
w agon in '2.21
Another absurd report is the one that
Dexter was recently h. 11 on Harlem
Lane one Sunday morning. In the first
place, I never drive or vea travel on
S
lem Lane in bis life on Sunday. Mon
over, he never was beaten m Harlem
Lane am day. Who sp* .ks next
Ror.r.ur Bonner.
Who lias not heard of 5 iLs Riuai.
Ni w YokeEft, whost twenty years of
success and usefulness huvt taught our
people the important facts of Agricul
ture and their kindred sciences, and
created departments in- the naturalist,
the herdsman, the gardener, the dairy
man, rtud others. But tb •i- not nil.‘
fhe farmer has found it paper for his
family, full of instruction ml interest,
ami si'.i: varied, inform tti u in litem
turc and th. arts. Its in- u-ul tone is t
th< its
meat sueii as the farmer's wife rivals
81
appear in a more eorm form, both
for re. ding and binding, though it will
siil! ,rm than liarpeis WVikiy.
'Lae price, however (a< will be seen by
the advertisement in another columns
Ito $2.50 pei 1
?2.0b u elulis. This must still more
iargely increase the popularity of a
•nrual already m odvan f all others
in its sphere.
A la:,.y and Mobile is san! t be eourin
el to her Ii from thee b-et*of poison.
m le-f;;: _■ itself in <ut the

whil* working with grt sowing-silk