0NNELSVILLE INDEPENDENT;
VOL.!.
M'CONNELSVILLE, OHIO. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1871.
NO. 31.
-.7-

Trouble at Twenty.
Does this wem strange to you, my own beat
in en a.
That L who yesterday Rave back like one
Too snraly lapsing to the strncrgle's end.
To-day an draw down rapture from the son,
And drink the blazing bine above mv head.
And fix my sicrht upon the thiek-naed hills,
Till their sapreniely-strenfthemnz beauty
fifls
My heart and strikes a spring into my tread?
Mt youth has risen up in me like a sea.
To swell above the fainting want of him
Whose face and life and love are far from me
And on this sea a short swift while I swim
I left his picture nn-broupht-forth to-day,
The better to bar ont the blank of life
Without him yielding youth an erener
strife
With sorrow and casual victory by the way
This thing but feebly
knawing
Has come to youth.
eomes.
This strength to east aside the
pain:
For swiit and sudden a burning ehorns hums,
And whelms the short resistance of mv brain
And off I rush, and set the trembling key
Within the lock, and snatch the picture ont,
And drink the light the features abed about,
And hug the banished pain again to me.
NINETTE, QUEEN OF THE RING.
The manager bad tendered the services
of the company for a benefit to a hospital
which needed funds, and there was every
prospect of a fashionable, as well as a
crowded bouse, Ninette, our equestrian
queen, had entered more fully into the
spirit of the scene than any ol us, although
we were all more than anxious to make
the affair a great success.
How I loved Xinette!- So oddly, too,
that sometimes my own love almost be
wildered me; its persistency having no
hope in it, yet its hopelessness having no
despair. It was a love that never was
moved by her indifference or scorn, and
never weakened by her contempt. She
was proud of her own beauty and of her
power over us all, and she never attempted
to hide this never domineering over the
female performers, who were all older and
plainer than herself, but domineering most
despotically over every male performer in
tie circus. But she did it so prettily and
bewitcbingly that I was not the only one
who had laid his love at her feet to be
trampled on at her girlish pleasure. I Lad
but poor health then, and this was one
source of Ninette's merry sarcasm.
We moved into ihe dimly-lighted' build
ing which surrounded the tent, ana looked
in at the performance.
The circus is crowded," Ninette whis--pered,
as she sauntered out with me. I
hardly ever remember our having such a
crowd, Jlicardo."
"And I hope we never shall have it
again," I panted, unbuttoning my coat
The place is stifling."
"Oh, I hope we shall," she laughed,
merrily u I should like to see hundreds
turned away from the doors, and no room
left inside even for one chiM more."
I went into the ring amid the deafening
applause of the crowd, and, bowmgshehtly,
walked coolly across the ring. I thought
nothing of the mass of faces rising in rows,
but I remembered that Ninette could see
me, and that she had said I was helping in
a good cause. I felt that I had performed
as I had hardly ever performed before, and
the long applause was again and again
renewed as I left tbe ring. What would
Ninette say Would she congratulate
me? Passing through the dtmly-ligbted
building outside the tent, where the horses
waited, 1 caught sight of two ngure&atand
ing aside in the shadow Ninette and a
gentleman, an army officer whom I had
met that morning talking low and ear
nestly. I had often noticed him in the
circus, and noticed bis evident admiqatjioo
of Ninette, still I had never seen bim out
there among us before, and I started as. I
came up. to them in tbe gioom. Ninette
carelessly turned ber eye upon me or a
moment, then went on talking f coquet
tish ly and flippantly it seemed to me, I
took her horse from the man who was
bringing it forward, and myself led it
toward ber.
?Are you ready, Mile. Ninette.?? 4
asked, my voice trembling against my wilL
"Ready? Why?' she inquired, with
slow contempt
Allow me. 0, pray allow me, Made
moiselle," exclaimed the stranger, starting

forward. And Ninette, smiling, put her
toot into nis nana.. r
Seating herself in the saddle with the
utmost ease, she carelessly, as it seemed,
backed Black Hawk against me. Signer
Ricardo," she said, haughtily, is this; the
spot where the gentlemen of our company
usually rest between .their exercises in the
ring An ironical answer rose to my
lips, but I withheld the words.- K
"Stand back, if you please, Signer,,
Must you always follow me always haunt
me Stind back."
With a quick change of voice and a bright
shy smile, she bent to take her little
gilded whip as the officer handed it to her.
Thanks, Monsieur le Capitaine.". And
while she bent gracefully, aud seemed to
be only stroking the neck, of the splendid
black horse, sheweined him in, skillfully
and imperceptibly, until be touched my
shoulder.
I turned away without answering; and
for the first time Ninette performed with
out my eyes following ber graceful motions.
Tbe strange gentleman moved to the open
ing into the tent, but wben'sbe rode back, j
flushed and triumpbaut after Ber success, i
he came forward again eagerly. She drew
lip her lissome little figure with a dash of
odd pride, and turning Black Hawk rapidly
aside, sprang to the ground unassisted.
Her part was played for that sight, and,
while the loud clapping within was con
tinued, she walked slowly out into the
darkness her long crimson babit over her
arm, her little cap pushed from her bright,
excited face, and her eyes raised to the
young officer who walked beside her.
After that, all is a burning confusion in
my brain until one evening when I awoke
to consciousness in the hospital for which
I had been performing, and beard the physi
cians (who had seen me fall, and had at
tended pityingly upon me ever 6inoe) whis
per that all would be well in time...
u Ricardo, dear fellow," said the manager,
coming forward softly, and bending to
whisper to me, Thank God all will be
well. The worst is over."
I. hardly know whea the knowledge
dawned -upon me, or how but as I lay
there my old companions clustering round
me I knew that 1 had performed among
them for tbe last time. I knew that life
had most wonderfully and mercifully been
spared ice but that I should never walk j we
t j 4. l .1 i i i
aiu. x uu nui reuieuiuer iirai, luejiaua i
edge came with any sharp or bitter pain
1 think it was a quiet, hopeless conviction
from the first They bad given me a small
room in the hospital to myself; partly to j
spare others the sight of my suffering
partly, perhaps, because I had hurt myself
in their cause. .j., not
So the days and nights passed on aud
slowly, slowly brought me a little ease at j I
last i for
Una. morning Monsieur) entering my
room with a brighter laoer-than usual, told
ma Ninette had com to tee me. I felt j


i

to
iair
ing
I
in
she
the

the blood rush into mv wan face as I took
ber little warm hand in both my own.
Oh you are so much better. Ricardo.
she said, her smnll lips trembling a little
as she looked at me. r We shall soon have
you back in your place among as."
I shook my bead slowly. a. Never again.
dinette."
rt Why?" she asked in feigned astonish'
ment r. e
I sball never walk again anywhere,
think, Ninette certainly not on t be vibrat
ing wire. I know I must be a be lame
all my life and I'm trying, as I lie here.
to get accustomed to the thought, and to
feel prepared."
"No! no!" she cried, quiekly. "Don
try to get accustomed to it Ricardo. Try
to think of getting well, and that will help
vou to do so.
W ill it f Then 1 will try," 1 answered,
struggling with my sadness. u When do
you leave here f
"Leave here? U, I dont know. Mot
till you arc well, I should think. Why
Ricardo," she added, as I smiled incredu-
lousiv, "dont you know that. to-night we
are all going to perform for your benelit
You've not heard, you sav f fly, what
has Monsieur found to talk to you about,
then, for be talks to ma of nothing else
I wish I could have brought you one of
the enormous bills,'- headed Ricardo's
Benefit' in letters as iarge as myself. Vou
always were fond of reading your own
name in the bills, weren't you V
u Yes with yours," I answered, intently
watching the bright lace.
Well, you would have seen mine, too,
to-day, in letters almost larger, for I'm
going to ride."
Of course," I answered, with a faint
smilo, while I wondered a little at the
sudden change in her voice. What audi
ence would there be if you did not, Ni
nette
None," she laughed. You must wish
me success before I go away. But here's
Monsieur come to dismiss me. I've been
telling Signor Ricardo," she added, as the
manager joined us, "various particulars of
bis benefit How very willing we all give
our services. How all the town is patron
izing us.
And did she tell you," asked Mon
sieur, with a pleased and excited look,
"haw I offered to double the price of
admission if anyone would promise a nov
elty? and how she herself immediately
proposed to perform her Moorish feat I'll
show you one of the handbills. Here it
is: "Mile. Jiinette, the equestrian queen,
on her magnificent steed Black Hark,
will
"0, no, no! you must not let her,"
exclaimed, -in hasty fear.. "Oh! Monsieur,
it is most rasa and (longeron?
Monsieur smiled as he put the handbill
back into his pocket, and Ninette arose
with a vexed glance across at him.
Do forbid her to do this,'? I cried again.
Mile. Ninette is such a superb horse
woman," tbe manager said, that if she
feels she can accomplish it safely and bril
liantly, 1 feel it too. And it will make
to-night's performance an unrivaled success.
She has done it before, yoa know; and a
gorgeous and unprecedented triumph it
was."
It :s a willful risking of life," I faltered,
the tears starting in my weakness. "I
shall be miserable."
I shall not" laughed Monsieur, risint
"I have too much confidence in Ninette."
Don't think about it at all, Ricardo,"
Ninette said, giving 'me her hand as she
prepared to leave. I should never have
told you myself, because I know how
invalids worry themselves about tbe safest
and most trifling things.'-1 have made up
my mind to do it, and black Hark under
stands that same entirely."
"Oh! do not venture' it, Ninette," I
whispered, appealing to ber in bitter ear
nestness. Say you will not"
No for I mutt," she answered, laugh
ing lightly,; though she' spoke with odd,
steady quietness.
Then I covered my eyes with my feeble
hands, and let tbe tears flow on.
I sball come in od see you before the
performance," Ninette said, after a little
dismal pause.
Will you, Ninette V I asked eagerly,
as 1 battled with my cowardice. 'Will
you come to just as you go V
1 hardly know about that she an-
swered, with a quaint, shy smile.
ever bad in England.
h
scute, olgnor.
How terrible "it will be to witness for
those who love you
She laughed a low, quick laugh, but did
turn tome.
You are thinking of Captain Attendant,
dare say, Ricardo But you need not,
1 have never spoken to him smoa the
uigbt you fell and I never shall again."
A wild, proud joy sprang up in my
heart. "Ninette,"! cried, "my darling,
Monsieur had left the room then, and
Ninette was standing opposite me, about
to follow him
"-"Ninette;" I said,"slowly, as I feasted
my eyes on. her -sweet face, "when I saw
you first you wore an old black habit
quite rusty, I remember; and you had a
bat in your band, with a long scarlet plum
almost touching the -ground. Aad how
ever I have -seen you since, yoa have al
ways been to me as you were that day
and ou always will be, dear.'.'.
I remember that old velvet babit" sbe
laughed It is a superanuated aiticle
now and what did you think of me then,
rucarao f
Just what I think now."
She laughed again, but her step was soft
auu lingering wnen 6ne lett me.
Until evening I lay and thought of her
picturing the beautiful little figure that
would come to me in its gorgeous theatri
cal drees. The twilight glided slowly in
my snent room, and then 1 lay and lis
tened breathlessly, for I knew she must
come soon now. Yet so noiselessly she
entered at last that even my waiting ears
could scarcely catch the usbt step. With
out a word she shut the door behind ber.
Tben she stood looking at me her red lips
parted with an irrepressible smile, and her
eyes brimming over with fun. But she
was clad in no gay, unusual dress sbe
stood there holding up in one band tbe old
black habit; from tho other dangled the
little hat with its scarlet plume and her
head was only crowned with its bright,
curia. -.-v-
"Ninette," I said, breaking iny wonder
silence, "seeing you so, 1 feel as if,
through all the years that I lie helpless, I
could dream that you have been to me all
that I wildly dreamed yod might be when
saw yon so for the first time. Thank
for coming as you are but you will
have to change your dress again, you ride
such a different costume.'' t
Tbe color rushed to her cheeks, and her
eyes grew hot and dark.
"Yea, very different; but cannot you
think of me always as yoa see ma now,
Ricardo as you saw me first 1 The peo
ple are passing the hospital gates in crowds"
went on turning and looking through
window I expect a fuller house than
It is for
your
I wish I thought acy'I said very earu
ettly I wish I did not know tbey go to
:i j i j
c uui wuu tuju oaring leap, iMneiie.
A
of
of
by
of
turn your face to me. I am so helpless
here, and shall so soon lose the face 1 love
Come to me for these few precious momenta"
Very gently she came up to mc, and
laid her cool hand on my forehead.
She bent her head, and as I laid my
weak fingers on tbe soft corls, one deep
sob shook the little kneeing figure, but
when she rose her eyes were very bright
behind their glistening lashes.. She did
not say a word of farewell to me. With
a strange, brave, struggling smile, which
would have vanished with a word, she hes
itated a moment her cheeks flushing, and
her lips wistful. Then quite suddenly,
with just the slight gesture with which she
acknowledged the plaudits of the crowd,
she left me.
I lay and listened as the carriages rolled
past the infirmary gates and presently,
acmes tbe river, I could hear our own band
strike up merrily. I could follow in fancy
tbe while- performance a 1 lay with the
pro("ramme before me, and the well-known
airs to guide me. At last, with a quicken
ed beating of my heart, I felt that the
time was come for Ninette's appearance.
I knew the very tune with which the band
would greet her." Ah t there it was but
drowned almost in a loud prolonged applause
Tben knowing she was performing I lay
there quivering in every limb.
It was just as one of tbe hospital physi
cians and a nurse came into my room, that
a great shout rose on the other side of tbe
river, -and rolled joyously across to me.
My blood burned in my veins,
That is to greet ber after her leap," I
said, speaking aloud and rapidly in my in
tense rc.ef. Thank God it is over."
I, too, am glad it is over," said the
physician gravely; ."such a feat should
never have been attempted."
And yet every one has gone to see it.
I answered, passionately, as tbe nurse turn
ed my pillow. u Why did they encourage
berf
Such things would be done in any
case," he answered, "at least we judge so;
though perhaps we do not try it for cer
tainly every om has gone to see this leap
to night all our own household, like every
one else's. Yet how can we help disap
proving such a dangerous act performed
too by a young and beautiful girl, whose
life must be one long temptation to display
if to nothing worse
u Listen v I cried, in sudden terror,
pushing away the nurse, and starting up
with panting bieatb, "Did tbo band-stop
tben suddenly I Hark i it is all silent.'
I remember faltering ineohereet appeals
to be taken to the circus; and I remem
ber how tbey tried to soothe me, laying
me back upon the bed, and diawing down
the blind before my wild and staring eyes.
But in that hush across, tbe river 1 knew
that I bad had my death blow.
They brought me no tidings for days.
They kept me in. darkness' within, and
without. But when at last my brain was
calm again, and my eyes bad lost their rest
less fever, tney told me some few particu
lars of that fearful night
Ninette bad performed her dauntless
feat with dauntless While she
stood dauitilr upon his neck. Black Hawk
took bis leap smoothly and safely. Bat
the astonished crowd had hot baen satis
fied with this with a persistent cry they
had summoned ber again and summoned
her m my name.'
As the seats for to-night have been
taken at double pnee," she bad said laugh
ingly, to Monsieur, I owe the audience
double appearance."
And so she bad ndden in again tri
umphantly, and springing lightly upon the
neck of ber horse, bad prepared again for
ber wonderful leap.
then came tbe hush though no one
ever could tell me exactly bow it bad oc
curred seme saying Ninette was unusu-
uy excited by her brilliant feat; and
some tbat she was tired. She-fell fell
with a light, sudden fall, which would" not
have hurt her, perhaps, but that ber tem
ple struck the boards which separated
tbe.front row of spectators from tbe ring.
Xbank: (jrou that there had been no strug
gle There was one deep red stain upon
tbe soft, fair curls but no anguish on the
young dead face when tbey lifted it so
gently.
In the rare, sweet dreams which visit
me as f lie here, I always see Ninette just
as 1 saw her nrst -just as 1 saw her last
Antfwhen' 1 awake, I am almost glad to
see, in tbe laces round me, tbat tbe time
drawing Very netr when I shall see her
once ijam. London Society.
"Little Floy."
I was much touched says a correspond
ent writing for the ruins of Peshtigo with
the story of Joseph Lasure. He was a
farmer in the Bush, with a wife and
five children. They had' fought to the
last and left only when the flames flash
ed clean over their building. Lasure
carried his three-year old boy, and Lis
wiie a Dace, au Kept togetuer, witn
the flames striking them at every step,
for 30 rods. Tbe wife could go no farth
er, and dropped with her stifled babe in
her arms. ..The father had now to drop
his little three-year old, who was picked
up in turn by the elder boy of thirteen.
The brave boy carried the little fellow
for nearly a quarter of a mile, when both
sank down together. Little Floy, nine
years old, and their only girL stood it
the smartest of alL and kept ahead of
her father for half a mile,-, cheering him
on-with brave words, when all tbe rest
bad perished. She had now to pass over
burning grass, when her dress was en
veloped in flames. "Oh, if I eould only
have saved that girl 1 said the grief
choked father, and his story was ended.
young lad, nextrneighbor to Lasure,
who was saved, had much to tell of little
Floy. She aras the smartest" scholar at
school. She read finely.in the 5th read
er, and could spell down all the scholars
She was small of size, exceedingly bright,
beautiful, active and sweet tempered.
All the living in Sugar Bush will remem
ber long and speak tenderly of the little
heroine.'"
Business nt Paeis. Investigations re
cently made by such adherents .of the
Commune 'as Lockroy, Allain Targe,
Murat, Bonvalet, and others, who are
members of the present Municipal Coun
cil. of Paris, show that while the business
restaurateurs, shoemakers, tailors, and
many other tradespeople yet feels the
effects of the siege in diminished receipts,
the occupation of milliners and makem
artificial flowers is still as remunerative
and prosperous as ever it was. These
two trades are prosecuted exclusively by
women, a fact .which,, coupled with the
fact that ihey exist exclusively for wo-
nen, may to some extent explain their
present well-being. Attempts were made
other countries during the war to
compete with France in the manufacture
flowers, but they were without success.
A petition has been sent to the Presi
dent from the citizens of Arizona asking
him to allow Gen. Cook to pursue the
Apache campaign uninterrupted by
Peaoa Commissioners.
to
a
it
be
on
not
but
the
did
on
She
ed
be
ular
In the Flames.
There is a melancholy imterest attach
ed to the incidents of the fires in the
Northwest A correspondent who was
at Peshtigo when that village was bnrn
ed says The sharp air of early Octo
ber had sent the people in from tbeeven-
ing church services more promptly than
nsnaL although numbers delayed to
speculate on a great noise and ado which
set in ominously from the west The
housewives looked tremblingly at the
fires and lights within and the men took
a last look at the possibilities without
for many it was truly a last glimpse.
The noise grew in volume, ami came
nearer and nearer with terrific crackling
and detonations. The forest rocked
o twI timcdil tiimnltiirtnaW Him alarm
fell upon the imprisoned village, for the
swirlinir blasts came down from every
side. In one awful instant, before ex-
cqold give share to the horror,
a great name snot np in tne western
heavens, and in -countless fiery tongnee
struck downward into the village, pierce-
ing every object that stood in the town
like red-hot bolt A deafening roar,
minilnd with blasts of electric flame,
filled the air and paralyzed every soul
in the place. .There was no beginning
ftnr flip wnrV nf min tbA flaming vh irl-
wind swirled in an instant through the
town
Moved by a common instinct, for all
knew that the 'woods that encircled the
town were impenetrable, every habita
tion, was deserted to the flames, and
the easpinV multitude flocked to the
nver.
Three hundred people wedged them
pelves in -between the rolling booms,
swayed to and-fro by the current where
they roasted in the hot breath of flame
that hovered above them, and singed
the hair on each head momentarily ex
posed above the water. Here despair
ing men and women held their children
till the cold water came as an ally to the
flames, and deprived them of strength.
Tbe wretched throng neck deep in tbe
water, and the still more hapless beings
stretched on the heated sands, were
pierced and blistered by these burning
particles. They seemed like lancets of
red-hot steel, penetrating the thickest
eoveng.
Long after the flames had died out
when there was no more to feed on, the
hot sands rendered moving about an
exqnisite torture, and long into the dis
mal midday the survivors were confined
to the narrow circuit near the river. As
the day wore on, help came in slowly
from the northward. Several railroad
gangs had escaped annihilation, and one
ganer. led by an ex-pnze-fightr named
Mulligan, came with promptness and
efficiency to the rescue throngh miles of
onrntncr prameand blockaded roads.
When the work of rescue began it was
found that a great number had escaped
bv the bed of the river and the northern
road to the port, and, as the day ad
vanced, half-naked stragglers, unkempt
and blackened, began to stream into the
sparse settlement As the molten Rands
cooled off, the woful work of recognition
began. Peering into blackened faces,
mothers, fathers, brothers tremblingly
sought out missing ones.
Some, in the immeasnreable anguish
f the moment, had dashed themselves
ugainst the sands and let ont the life
with their own hands that the licking
flames coveted. Men, too distant from
the river to hope for rescue or safety.
bad cut the throats of their choking
children, and were found in groups
somehmes unccarred by the flames. In
the streets, full twenty corpse were
found with no apparent injure or abra
sion-. fatuous tradesmen, in the sudden
rush of flame, had thrown their valuables
into wells for security every well in
the city was turned into a flaming pit
and the very waters half evaporated by
tne heat
Survivors attest that women
and children, cut off from the rivers,
were put into wells and covered with
bedding. I have looked into every well
in the ash covered clearing, and there is
no possibility that a living thing could
have endured the flames that boiled and
seethed in them.
is
How Hot Iron May be Handled.
Mons. L Fontelle. President de la
Socdete des Sciences Physiques et Chi
miqnes de Paris, &c, has left the follow
ing on record About the vear 1809
one Lionetto, a Spaniard, astonished not
only the ignonnt but chemists and
other men of science, iu France, Ger
many, Italy and England, by the impuni
ty with which he handled red-hot iron
and molten lead, rank boiling oil, and
performed other feats equally mira
culous. While he was at Naples he
attracted the notice of Professor Semen
tern, who narrowly watched all operations
and endeavored to discover his secret
He observed in the first place, that when
Lionetto applied a piece of red-hot iron
his hair dense .fumes immediately
rose from it, and the same occurred
when he touched his foot with the iron.
He also saw nun place s rod of iron.
nearly red-hot between his teeth with
out burning himself, drink the third of
tablespoonful of boiling oil, and tak
ing up molten lead with his fingers place
on his tongue without apparent incon
venience. Sementem's efforts after per
forming several experiments upon him
self, were finally crowned, with success.
a
the
be;
TTa fM,T,l thof Utr OTf;, or4v milnknnK
acid, diluted with water, the skin might
made insensible to the action of the
heat of red-hot iron a solution of alum, off
evaDorated until it became snonirv. an- Jon
i I
beared to be stall more effectual. After
havinff rubbed the Darts' which were
thus rendered, in some degree, incon-1
-man
of
as
a
bustible with hard soap, he discovered
the application of hot inn that their
insensibility was increased. He then de
termined on again nibbing the parts
with soap, and after this found that the
iron not only occasioned no pain,
that it actually did not burn the
hair. Being thus for satisfied, the Pro
fessor applied hard soap to his tongue
until it became insensible to the heat of
iron aud after having placed an
ointment composed of soap mixed with
solution of alum upon it boiling oil
not burn it While the oil remained
the tongue a slight hissing was heard.
similar to that of hot iron thrust into
water the oil soon cooled, and was tben
fwallowed without danger. Several
scientific men have since successfully re
peated the experiments of Professor
Semen tem
OnIiT Then. Only when a mistress
nows now to cook a dinner aan she
truly be mistress in her own house.
who can at once put her own, train
band to the machine in any spot
where a hand is needed, never comes to
the slave of servants.
pet
and
the
love
the
all
that
of
It ia laid that the International Society I
alarming the European monarch a.
Prussia and Austria being in a partio-
flurry about it fund
The Everglades of Florida.
caster-oil plant grows npto be s large
tree of several years life, The arrow
root and sweet-potato patches merely re
pectation qnire that stirring of the ground neces-
rj remuYiug m iuu-growu room hi
cause the younger ones to grow and keep
on growing. It is really not necessary
to plant more than once. It is a lazy
man's paradise. No wonder the Indians
were unwilling to move to the West it
was not the craves of their fathers they
were unwilling to leave, it was their
potato and pumpkin patches. Their
The Everglades are just a submerged
prairie, and they exhibit the manner in
which the great Western prairies were
formed. Dram the Everglades, (it conld
be done,) and the present islands would
be hills. Submerge a prairie, and its
hills would become islands. No tree is
found on the Everglades, because they
are constantly covered with water no
trees are found on the prairies, because
they were long covered with water.
Time will come when this vast plain will
be clear of water, and then we shall have
a large surface, like the prairies, clear
ot trees, -and fitted lor cultivation by
on. Ia these little Everglade islands
the palm flourishes, and also the orance
and every other tree of Florida. The
pumpkin is small, ronndand sweet they
cut it open, pnt in a raccoon or opossum,
cover it with ashes and bake it in tbe
fire. The hunters- think it a superb
dish. Another plan is to take a fish just
off tbe hook, and without scaling or
cleaning, wrap it up in green leaves and
bake it in the same way. Hunters use a
wet newspaper. It is done when, if you
tear a piece of the wrapping, the skin
and scales come off with it You tear
off akin and wrapping from one side, and
eat the flesh, turn it over and eat the
other, and throw bones and inside away.
Indians in small numbers are still
found near the Everglades. They do
not like the whites, are not sociable, but
there is a talisman that will move them
ont of stoicism into cordiality, there is
a sesame tbat will open an Indian s
heart and mouth, and that is whisky.
They ?re je only savages who have
never invented an intoxicating liquor ot
their own. Their only idea of civiliza
tion is to get drunk. Bide into their
own country, put up with a Chief, give
him whisky and promise him more, and
he and his are at your service so long as
your whisky lasts.
What Men have Died for.
Colonel Montgomery was shot in
duel about a dog; Colonel Ramsey in one
about a servant Mr. Featberstone in
one about a recruit Sterne s father in
one about a goose and another gentle
man in one about an acre of anchovies
one officer was 'challenged for merely
asking his opponent to enjoy the second
goblet and another was compelled to
bght about a pinch of snuff General
Barry was challenged by a Captain Smith
for declining wine at dinner on a steam
boat, although the Geneial had pleaded
as an excuse that wine invariably made
him sick; and Lieutenant Cowther lost
his life in a dnel because he was refused
admittance to a club of pigeon shooters.
In 1777 a duel occurred in New York
city, between Lieutenant Featherstone
haugh, of the 76th, and Captain McPher
son, of the 42d British regiment, in re
gard to the manner of eating an ear of
cord, one contending that the best eat
ing was from the cob and the other that
tbe grain should lie cut off from tho cob
before eating. Lieutenant Featherstone
haugh lost his right arm, the ball from
his antagonist's pistol shattering the
limb dreadfully, so much so that it had
to be amputated. Graham, Major Noah's
assistant editor on the N ational Advocate,
lost his life in 1827, at the duelling
ground at Hotaken, with Barton, the
son-in-law of Edward Livingston,
in a
simple dispute about "what was trumps'
in a game of cards.
How they Fixed Him. Albany start
ed a peculiar kind of a relief fund a few
days since, and the receipt of which
likely to afford any thing but satisfac
tion to the recipient It appears that a
gentleman was requested to contribute
something to the Chicago fund. At
first he called the fund a swindle and
tben gave ten dollars. The exclamation.
of
in
least a dozen hens and many that keep
nuisance in the shape of a dog. that
does no good, bnt costs more than a
dozen good hens. One dog in a neigh
borhood is generally a greater trouble to
neighbors than a flock of hens would
for if hens are well feed at home,
they will rarelv go away. But who
ever saw a doer that was not a rjest run
across the neifty jnade garden, and
sticking his nose into everything. Kill
curs and give the food to the hens,and
will find pleasure as well as profit
TIT T T
so aoing. e wisn mere was a tax oi
100 on every dog kept in the conntry
These that are of value as watch dogs,
was merely a tasty one, and the genUepTesenting
evident! v belongs to that class of
persons who always grumble, although
possessed of the kindest intentions. But
mark his punishment His hard criti
cism was made public by au evening
journal, and penny contributions were
called for to reimburse him in bis un
willing outlay. The result was that
penmes came pouring in from all parts
the city, county and state. As soon
the thousandth penny was received
the whole sum was put up in a package
and sent to the gentleman's office.
Worse punishment is rarely inflicted for
hasty word.
Hens dj Place of Doos. There is
hardly a family that does not throw
away enough table scraps to keep at
could be retained, while the host of
snarling, dirty curs would give place to
some more useful and less troublesome
By all Means. A shrewish wife.
quite sick, ailed her husband to come
sit by her bed-side.
"this is a sad world, my dear, said
wife, plaintively.
Very coincided the man.
"Were it not for leaving you I should
to quit it"
Oh, my dear, eagerly responded
fellow, how can you think would
interfere with your happiness Go by
means."
The lady got well
It is significant to learn that, in con
sequence of the famine prevailing ia
Persia, the exportation of dates from
country has been prohibited by tha
authorities. In England alone we an
nually receive from 12,000 to 19,000 tons
these dates, which are consumed with
considerable appreciation by the chil
dren of the poor. Th Grnnr.
There is much suffering; in the San
Joaquin Tallev. where the croos have
wholly failed for two seasons. On
thousand persons are needine food. The
citizens of San Francisco are raisin?
for their relief.
of
the
is
it
by
and
the
ing
the
one
but
ever
men,
dren
shed,
up
ford,
of
near
twigs,
stone.
the
the
as
old,
Away Out West.
The following extract, taken verbatim,
from a private letter, dated Pioche, Ne
vada, will it is feared, tend to create a
prejudice against that calm retreat
Pioche is the county seat of Lincoln
County, a mining camp a year old. It's
on the Great American Desert, and situ
ated between bare mountains, looking
over a bare dry plain. Water has to be
brought eight miles bv wagon, and is
sold at six cents a gallon,
about 1,200 people heie,
whom have been in State Prison (stage
and highway robbers, &c. and the rest
ought to be. Our graveyard has 41
graves, of which but two- are filled by
death from natural causes. The rest all
died with their boots on. Shot mostly
some cut One. shootiug scrape- took
place in tbe bank, in which Mike Casey
killed Tom Gossin, after receiving uos-
sin's fire. There is no law. Any one
feeliug aggrieved seeks redress generally
with his pistol. It's been a close game
for me several times I got cut in the
leg once, but I am here yet I sleep
with a bull-dog, a Henry nne and a six-
shooter. The mines (silver) employ alont
WJU men, about a hundred are in busi
ness, and the rest are blackguards of the
worst kind cattle-thieves, renegade
Mormons, and men who are banished
from society by their crimes, and ready
for anything. It's 350 miles to railroad
or telegraph we have three stages a
week and one mail. I've done very well
here, and would have made some money I
bnt two of my partners in a chum were
killed, and I can't go on aloue. My life
has bSen attempted twice by the party
who killed my partners. I don't allow
any man to scare me if I can have a
show but when it gets down to cases
There are
the half of
where you dare not sit by a window or
1 1 I
oy an open aoor aiier aara, its ame m i
jump the game. If ever I get back to
California, I think 1 11 stay there any-
way. I've got enough of this kind of liv-
ing. I'm tired of packing a six-shooter
around night and day."
But it isn t as hopeless as it seems
the future of this placid little village
for in a few weeks ail the natives will be
disposed of shot mostlv some cut
and then virtuous new settlers can be
gin the settlement again.
The Power of Lightning.
The concentration of power in a stroke
of lightning, acting through an incon
ceivably small interval of time, may per
haps be realized after examining its worK
of destruction, yet its inductive action
on the earth's surface is not less wonder
ful. Prof. A. M. Mayer made an ex
periment some time since, which de
monstrated the extent of this action.
He connected the wire of a galvanometer
with the water-pipes of Baltimore, Md.,
and joined the othr end of the coil to a
gas-pipe oi a i.ouse in tue soubu-western
part of the eity. Thus a vast metallic
system of electric nerves stretched three
miles- towards tbe north-west, to the
reservoir, and about as many miles to
the east and south-east, over the city.
thunder-storm was raging at the time
in the north, at so great a distance that
only the illuminations of the clouds told
when a flash occurred. Yet whenever
that flash took place, the needle of the
galvanometer was instantly deflected
through ten or twenty degrees. Sa
nearly simultaneous ware the two occur
rences that no difference in the instant
their manifestation could be detected.
Shutting himself up in a dark room
containing the galvanometer, he signaled,
when the needle moved, to an olwerver
tha storm, who also gave a signal
whenever a flash occurred and the ex
change of signals was always found to
be simultaneous. It was ascertained on
the following day that the storm was
more than twelve miles distant, thus
showing that over 500 square miles of
earth's surface was effected at each flash
the lightning.
A Sixgulas Accident. A curious and
somewhat startling accident occurred in
Brooklyn, N. Y. An ordinary range boiler
barst and the hot water very badly scald
ed a lady and several children who were
the kitchen. On examination the
boiler was found to be very thin.
Plumbers have been in the hibit of
re-
tbat this class of boilers, or.
more properly speaking, hot water reser-
voirs might collapse from a defective
suonly of water, but could not explode
a theory under which thousands of
families have rested in conhiliutr security,
Tho present instance is fatal to this
notion of the constitution of range boil-
era. and it is to be hooed that it will be
carafullv investicrated. Nothine would
add more to the discomfort of the average
American household than a lurking
suspicion concerning the safety of its
especially if the su4icion should
gain access to the minds of the already
unreliable cook and laundress.
A Novel Garden. .The young King
Bavaria has an immense garden on
roof of his palace at Munich which
said to rival the celebrated hanging
gardens of Seroiramis. In the center of
there is a lake with fishes and swans
swimming in it and this is surrounded
woods in which there are various
animals and birds, and also rock-work
grottoes. The rocks had to be hol
lowed out before transporting them to
roof, the better to enable the build
to bear their weight There is in
center of the garden a sort of tent or
pavilion of great magnificence, which no
but the King ever enters. The
apartments under the palace roof were
formerly occupied by the ladies of honor,
they have been converted into
stables, because too much time was re
quired to hoist horses to the roof when
the King wished to ride or drive
through this fairy-like resort

On tbb Rampage. The wild steer'
steers wildly through the streets of St
Louis at all tames of day. One is re
ported recently to have capsized two
killed one, tossed a couple of chil
in the air, butted through a show
window, knocked down the frame of a
gone through a bar-room, broken
an auction, broken a man's leg, ran
sacked a barber shop, and swum the
Mississippi River."
Odd Material. In the village of Mu'n
New York, there is a church in
process of erection, which is being built
a petrifaction taken from a swamp
by, and consisting of leaves, roots,
muck, etc, togethet with lime
The blocks are so eut aa to show
material of which they consist, and
building, when eoaipleted, will be a
aecioea aunosiry.
of
a
to
or
not
The
the
Miss Carrie Monfort, of Boston, known
the Fat Girl," recently died of dis- and
of the heart She was nine years and
and weighed nearly four hundred
peunds.
Scene in a California Gambling Hell.
i A moment if you please," quietly
remarked an almost beardless desperado,
covering his pile with a firm hand, and
fixing dangerous eyes on the burly deal
er of monte whom he addresses; "yoa
can stop there.
"Well, sir."
"Well, excuse me, but I think you
drew two cards.'
I believe not ITl take your pile
you please the kerwaio takes it
"Two-cards!"
."Your money!
And in each case the words were ac
companied by a quick and quiet move
ment which disclosed a revolver. ith
the appearance of these two new disput
ants, polished, curt, of brief but sharp
and downright speech there ia quick but
fusslessstjr among the spectators aronnd
the table. In a moment a clear space
is formed, in the midst of a still circle of
flashing eyes, compressed hps and clench
ed bands, ion may count twenty de
liberately ere you hear a breath or see
the slightest movement -"Well,
sir?"
"Well!".
Your money
"Your cards!"
Up steps a bystander some cool,
steady veteran, expert in the game and
versed in the law of Mifhcuttiea a man
of awful nerve, whose tympanum, accus
tomed to the crack, no pistol shot alarms.
Gentlemen," says he, try arbitra
tion first"
Another quick change of enquiring
and responsive glances between the dis
putants.
Not a word, but the eyes of each
plainly say "agreed. Both throw them
selves brck in their chairs and withdraw
their hands from the table, with the air
1 m
oi men inviting examination, ana res-
olnte to abide the result The veteran
calls up two brothers ol the lireen uiotn
competent to act as umpire and throe
minutes, franght with mortal danger,
are passed in deliberately counting the
cards as they lie on the elotn, and nam-
ing tiiem slowly iiKe tne tolling of
bell or the measured pronunciation of
death sentence. Except that there has
been no noise bnt the simultaneous click
ing of two pistol locks. The dealer and
his young vihiit are seemingly uncon
cerned for the event You are wrong,
my mend, says Veteran.
Xo card was drawn here. Mistakes
will happen to the most careful gentle
men.
From that decision there is no appeal.
His fiuger on the trigger after that
would have cost the young fellow nis
life. So piHtok go back to their resting
place?, hands are shaken across tne table,
drinks for the company at the expense
of the bucker as he who plays-
against the bank is called and the game
proceeds with a better understanding.
History of the Cent.
The old red cent is' rapidly passing
away ont of the United States currency,
and it will not be long before it will only
be known in memory and numismatic
collections. Its history is. a matter of
sufficient interest for preservation. The
cent was first proposed by Robert Morris,
the great financier of the revolution, and
was named by Jefferson two years af
ter. It began to make its appearance
from the mint in 1792. It bore the head of
Wasliington on one side and thirteen
links on the other. The French revo
lution soon created a rage for French
ideas, which put on the cent, instead of
tbe head of Washington, the head of the
Goddess of Liberty a French Liberty,
with flowing locks. The chain on the
severse was replaced by the olive wreath
of peace. Bat the French Liberty was
short lived, and so was her -portrait on
the cent The next' head or figure suc
ceeding this the staid classic dame with
a fillet around her hair came into fashion
about thirty or forty years ago, and her
finely chiseled Grecian features- have
been bnt slightly altered in the lapse of
time.
Ths Cohet. Encke'a great comet,
which makes a tour to the region of the
sun once in about three years and at
quarter, is now on its way thither, and
will reach the perihilion some .time
January. It will very soon oome within
the ken of the astronomers, but persons
who have only their eyes to see with will
not have the pleasure of beholding the
erratio visitor. It rounds the sun at
a distance-of thirty-two million miles
ana men uans on. into space, ana oeiore
it turns to come back reaches a point of
three hundred and thirty-seven million
miles from that luminary. This comet
w an object of especial interest to scbol
ars, owing to the fact that the period of its
revolution is gradually diminishing.
aius is supposed to prove mat we re
kitchen, giosa.of space are filled with a material
either capable of retarding the motion
of solid bodies, the ultimate effect, of
which will be to destroy the centrifugal
force of the planets and allow them grad
ually and imperceptibly to glide into the
sun. It will take a long time for the
earth to reach that destination, but
Enoke's comet periodically reminds us
tbat such is its final doom.
A Voice tbox Utah. The character
the petition from Utah, 50 feet long,
and signed bv about 2,500 women of
that Territory, has been unintentionally
misstated. Instead of being against
polvgamy, it is in favor of that institu
tion, and was sent to the Executive Man
sion at Washington bv Delegate Hooper.
The petitioners say that their husbands
father, sons, and brothers, are new be
ing exposed to the murderous policy of
clique of J; ederal officers intent on tbe
destruction of an honest, happy, industri
ous, and prosperous people, and they
therefore auk for the removal of the r ed
eral disturbers of the peace, or at least
stop the disgraceful court proceedings.
send candid and trustworthy men to
Vtah to investigate the question of the
constitutional rights and liberty of the
people. The petitioners express their ap
probation of polygamy, asserting that it
was sanctioned by Christ's teachings.
and that the institution is being per
verted by f ederal omeers.
How the i 1M rr. there pre more
ways than one of resentdag an insult
Several Prussian officers in full uniform
were present at a concert in Amsterdam.
long ago. Tne musicians struck np
Die Wacht am Bbein, when the
audience took it into their heads to hiss.
band in order to allay the tumult
glided into the Dutch national air. At
first strains the Prussian officers un
covered their heads, rose and stood dur
ing the remainder of the piece.
After she great fire in London, in 16M,
Parliament enacted that every house
should be built with independent walls,
all in front raised to equal height,
those walla should be of stone oi
bnok, and that no man should delay be-
yond seven years.
of
Love's Queen.
if
He loves hot well whose love is bold 1
I would not hare thee eome too nigS.
The sun's irokl woaid not seem pore gold
Unless tha sun were ia the sky t
To take him thenoe and ehain him near
i Would make hte beauty disappear.'- .1
j
Be keeps his state do thou keep thine,
and shine npdn me from aax 1 i
So shall I bask in light divine,
That falls from Lore's own guiiling-star,
So shall thy eminence be high.
And so my passioo shall not die.
Bnt all my life shall reach its bands
Of lofty kinging toward thy face,
And be M one who speechless stands
In rapture at some perfect srraoe..
My lore, my nope, my an snan i
i M ne
To look I
heaven and look to tueev
Tfcme eves shall be the hearenry lights
Thr roice shall be the snmmer breeae,
What time it sways, on moonlit nights,
The murmuring tops of leafy trees
And I will touch thy beauteous form
In June's red roses,' rich and warm:
But thou thyself shaft not enrne down
From that pore region far above
Bnt keep thy throne and wear thr crown,
Qneen of my heart and qneon of lore 1
A monarch ia tfeyrsatm enmpfate
And I a monarch at thr feet t,
Facts and Fancies.
Leaves havetheir. time to fall just
ow. 1
Frowns blight young children as frosty
nights blight young plants.
Who ever saw anj body near a fire who
didn't want to play poker
A doctor's' motto is supposed to be
patients aiad long suffering.
A learned writer asserts that, after all.
energy quite as often drives 6ft disease
as it brings it on. T
In a libel suit against a'newnpaper at
Little Roek, Ark., for S30.000, the plain
tiff attained SI in damages..!
The champion sexton of a town in
Maine has dug a thonsand graves, and
officiated at twelve hundred funerals.
The first daily newspaper in Virginia
was printed in 1780, and its subscrip
tion price was fifty dollars per annum.
The latest style' in wedding card? is
very long and narrow, of heavily glazed
pasteboard, with a monogram or crest
stamped in silver.
One of the coats sent to the Boston
Young Men's Christian Association to
be forwarded to Chicago, was labelled
"My wedding coat,"
The latest style of bndlo head dress is
a wreath eomposed of small white ostrich
tips. The bridal vail is trimmed with
vines of lilies of the valley and jessa
mine.'
A young man having a late railroad
disaster' in his mind has broken his en
gagement with a young lady,' beoause
she wears a train and is negligent about
her switch.
The Chicago lake crib is two miles
from shore, and yet the keeper had, to
keep the top of the building continually
wet to prevent its igniting on the night
of the fire.
Six West Point cadets have been dis
missed for hazing, and the authorites
positively refuse to revoke the dismissals
from the Annapolis Naval Academy for
the same offence.- ,,f
An old Bachelor, whot bears his lonely
state with much equanimity, says It
w better to be laughed at for not being
married, than be unable to laugh be
cause you are."
A railroad employe, 'on being nudged
with a contribution box while asleep in
church, the other day, woke up enough
m remark, "I worr on this road, and
returned to his nap.
New i..ty cent and dollar revenue
tamps have just made their appearance.
They are made of lined paper, colored
blue, with scroll work, and bear a litho-
sph of George Washington,
A young lady requested to be released
from her marriage engagement on the
ground that when contracted she be
lieved her lover a'' "duck," but has
since found him to be a goose.
The arrivals ef vessels at Boston, dur--g
nine months of the present year,
exceed those of the same period, last
year, by 447, showing a considerable
increase in the foreign commerce of that
city.
Ths cost of the war in Cuba during
the past year has been $62,000,000, and
the Colonial deficit for the year amounts
to 811,000,000. The Spanish Govern
ment asks for a credit of $20,000,000 for
military purposes. V
Mrs. Leary, of Chicago, stoutly denies
the story' that the great fire was caused
by the upsetting of a kerosene-oil lamp
in her stable while she was milking' her
cows, bna says tne staoie must nav9
been fired by incendiaries. She always
milks by daylight
One cord of wood cut and split fine
and corded up beneath a shelter while it
is yet gren, will furnish more beat alter
it has become seasoned than two cords
of the same kind of wood which, has
beeu continually exposed to the alternate
influences of storms and sunshine.
Mack," of the Chicago: Republican,
is jocose under his misfortunes, in
pointing ont the difference between
Theodore Thomas' fugacious fiddlers
and Nero, he explains that one fiddled
while Rome burned, and the others
roamed while their fiddlers burned.
Experiments made on board an iron-
built sailing vessel, provided with iron
rigging and lower yards ol steel, and
with two binnacle compasses on hex
poops, and a third placed between the
mizzen and mainmasts, the lower part
of which was all of iron the deviations
of the needle were respectfully fifty-six,;
twenty-four, and thirty-five degrees.
The following characteristic funeral
item is from the Kansas City (Ma)
1 imet The funeral of Mike Williams,
shot by Wild Bill, at Abilene, took place
in this eity on Sunday, Wild Bill paid
the expenses of the funeral" The.
Chattanooga Times adds: "Mr. Wil
lioms, we have no doubt, deeply regrets
his inability to thank Wild Bill for his
hberality."-'
A young lady sitting at a window,
tossing in her hand what might have
been a ball of white yarn, attracted tha
attention of a middle-ased chap on the 4
street, whose gallantry prompted him to
bold up his hands for a eaten, one ao-1
commodated him. The article proved
to be an egg, and alighted on his nose
but it is not to be supposed that the
lady knew it waa a bad one.
A Louisville wife, 'wishing to get rid
her husband at short notice, sent him
into the cellar with a kerosene lamp for
pitcher of cider. She gave him rast
tune to get the cider in one hand and
the lamp in the other, and then shouted
murder. She had calculated weu.
The doomed man sprang up the step,
the lamp fell, and the woman waa free.