THS OAXtV TAVtQtA STAR.
I ll.t .lllMllllfl."
VOL. I.
HARDI8, I'ANOLA COUNTY, MISSISSIPPI
sot
TV
to III I
rtx-i
te-'
aallht, .1
ft M
-1 WirUf
mi,
,JB l nirMflMP Ml In
ef Um C mt4it f. aa,it l
parM ft drese, "f to maitftit.'
lL ir? mm pre arwted Haw lit
I ..m.l.lc. ItWle. Saod IWf ait

M kM alMing"' ori...
M antrair w "mf"
S,7m Hnl"t wlyi f daM,,.
lmoml.il.. Ao-xandra DMJ,r V
"TOT; ,rr to preUlfftbesl,..ld 'I
r.ri t-aaWnitkM f the old
nili,, Um la "f P-" Th. Ti
a k
MMBxtotNJ
III go
n fori t.
"F lull
I p.
MMJ M Maw mil Ht
Tlio ttripld (md fc, ll'C tr in
iW H4 I ulfrM J it. .'.ft,
thai iiibllmi.. ki do
n nrH.',' r
Irr Mrs, Ihe Mh fl.ht In
t" t all, what hmM we H i
lontat Atlrnlrl hih
heriah U toast, I t la the
I
rla
1
HI,
i.
'I 1
The
rge
on
ant of Uteris, Hani
'owe rx'.iort."
iinprui.'
RkJ.i Ut
Taetlmany' Intuit, on.
lodern smrit liimiMin. ,11.,
itiwdm 01 iniuuion. 11 it inuitiy pro
.lalaaed M til tMtt bf th teacher, m
poatUvaeetetiee that instinct t dubious
irulde, liable ft tin- lerl.Vnto 0! chance
interpretation, variously undemtowl by
virions minds; that In following it we may
be pursiirlng an ienit frntum that I: la at
ibcst only talld for th iidlvllual wh
I I.,m Hani
f at inn mm I'uwa
thf bttl wa ioii
Briit-iiiMr! MB, ncrnam. ii"
jtaif at Hi nmmit, wners 11
reranM an iiornoie mon'rotuy.
Mart wa aifuui wnm-
W7,i7V" may liaotM-n tn nt it f.iron that It It
U turn.. ''fMDOtnUnivt.r.I,1i!i,wmcMt(it,l1o..l
r e it trintwurthv.. hir nfun a!frhr
1 t.ir n1- imnrfT wtTf i r .r'L r:
and eve. i..re hostile. Out ol "C?
j I ,i.unnig iuUi i ""'ra, """'I oil nui ur
Wllillnril it in drawlngrootim,
d Karbleil versi.mt IfWUMteitU-
noma 'ft. i vi'ii Mininitu uie aum
inr mi.i i" t
nr in out (I tll-J lirinclDal scenes.
,1.... t li ji n:iniir 1 l'i 11 I itlO Blltlwkr Holt
tight with tin' fiMitor over ci-nain
wh:r 1 at ow limu enuangervu it-
iK'tiiui Hi-1' trricd Ills point, hori'-
nn.ir nniimr illil n if I'linu l. i
I On WC ll una
ir .V iruiirub iu 11 iicod 1 lie .it t i
Ion de Tonne. A the night up
in) ill' ixcitenient srewe Hu mour
ili'.natid lir scats lir exrciUtu titc
......,.t., ..t Ti....
UJIllimdLIUIl LM UUIt U A IIUII
Lit. i'. ti'2tf;l o'1' tMJl,lX 1
nut at :uiy priODf or ev n to be mi-
tnu reneratl. In tpite U the
uijf. ui iviuoniirai.i Hugo Urmly
to aiiu.it the uiwUtanoo of the
etaq'U s line oilers of support
teudend him bv the whole Utemr,
artistic world i f Paris, whioii, cou
ri'e Oittie, anu wttn overwiitiumu
he pruiientlyt.ee ptiu. um t.es
narktd with the word hitro
dirtiibuted atnong his I'deuls,
gathernl tuetber for tl-.e uceiu-ion
IK l II .1 III I If II M (II lilt' I ULIII I. Illlll 11V
'clock In the afternoon l In rc .-ni
r, u ill u Francabi one ol the Strang
IWllll I UJl lltll Lilian, II l.lll.'l.l I'V,
beheld, Men with long; dishevelled
floating wiloly a'. out their neck
down upon tl.eir shoulders, and
lUiUICU UCOIUD, U1CWU IU CTCIJI HIM-
ol ice prevailing mode; gaudy.
satin waistcoats, .vanish cloaks,
trousers, dilapidated boots. Three
o uieir uuuiuvrs uunviuuuuv tiierca
Enraired at the slaht of i!jh barliar-
nur i 1 wnn nu i I': inn. 1 1 1 1 i I i. r.
ill the bmltltng and coiiectin
sATcenlhgs and garbaire ot lh
of exciting a riot, and tims obtalii-
the assistance of the police to reraot.'.
obnoxious enemy, But under li c
mage-stumps, rotten fiuit.and d'n
oheiuians kept their tempers. At
o'clock they were admitted'. T,ie
natrii ajieilnil crlllurv nnrl th. uilil..
p mr I'Ti'i tif I v Knnla voro in
iii. Mot naving dined, tney pro
from tbeir pocktts sausages and
I l ,ll t V. I I.
i v. I.I.UIII. in iii. uiovumnK ii
whiled away the tedious hours
Intervened terore the play coni-
VT .I I. I 1. 1 ii...
was not flalshed) when tli: audl-
began to rater. The whole theater
oweriuny penumea witn tne scent
in. tliu i hi ii. i nuviwiiiai.iliio iu j "7
uses, t Mile. Mars was lurious, so
ait tne actors, even tnc scene-sunt-The
bouse was inagnifloent, one
At en ...i 111 ilr. ua. is anil faumlrv
ranks ot the Bohemian'. First act
LlU.ii it i,. onii tic
T. VW lFV"' J
ub laiuu lUMfc uceuriett uiu iui un
1 and Third was quickly drowned
anli.ma nf tKa .',t At V.
the author and oflvred him C.000
On inr rnn ritrn: nt mi. tin.
i n
ouu luotitt uiui aeai ana sign upon
spot. At the end ol the fifth a per-
deilnum of aDDlaii. 2 hunt fortu.
author was loudly called for, even by
boxes. Mile. Mars was all gracleus-
L 1 0 1 I
iif iirtiiid mill in airiiiim hh iiuiiiiv in
opinion of himself as the vain fool la
belief of the opinion of others c n-
s is not or a lively, expansive, m olid
like that of the other. No I A
11 1, mi Miuimi niitn tMriiLnu inn...
reserved, lie is olien suspicious,
You may laugn without 1 ar rt a
I .1 I I V. 7
IO01 It WOUIU UCTCI CHlt-i 111s nrnu
you were laughing at nim out oe-
nnw Villi IUUU Kit turn wiimi iu
r I. 1 J-.l II t. .1IJ
exactly what you were laughing
would take it for granted that you
MtMU In the future, tie is not wun
lilervous fear that be ts underrated.
digimr, ae aca wo part 01
.Whiitoa.1; be loott on at
'f.irmanca and applauds.
M 1 i .1 f
1 .1... t:..i.. 1
he hbs H always occupied with inm-
If he would send K ahroaa to give
airing, be might perhaps cease to
sense, and only pride tmds an,
1 not suiter them to grow.
learned fool U tedious and ndic-
itliout having tiny suspicion ol
tie lives 1h tnc nieafcing uei u-
Uiftitaoiog cf books is synon
Ui tfle aeqnlsttion (tf knowl-
r people read so much and ap
llttle of the meaning cf wh t
He mides himself upon
man of vast reading and will
v in n e.i-t 1 t- ..-..iiitih m r a 1 n en
would say he had picked up a
nurtr c 1 o.iu.riin mtTwr in nii
he orilyWnghels thoroughly
la thn us cf bur words, lie
Upon women and simph -minded
bis voniwe Beuing u"" 1
epithets. "He drawcth the
bis verbooKy Oner thati the
is argument," ana as to nis
from dead and living tongues,
swear be had been at a great
,anMaoleitniilcrr.p..
tn Id the learned f.ot, but
elv to talk jou dead.
talkative fool may not be the
ot fools, but he Is decidedly one
it unpleasant. The clapper 01
e continual (lowing of wat r.
a fatnt cmceDtlon of the wish
njw or tus everlasting
cannot be Ignored or lliilitly pas-d
over, and for Dm tliebt merley to pro
claim, at an iillimatc fact, that the hu
man soul is an intuition of Uod, that we
are endowed with a (acuity of apprehen
tlon of which the correlative object is
d vine, will carry no conviction to the
i heist. Suppose thai bo replies "This
mtutionmay be valid evidence for you,
but I have no such irrepressible instinct
I feel no evidence in favor ol innate ideas
In the soul, or of a substance underneath
ihephenominon of nature of which wc can
not haveany adequate knowledge;" we
may close ti e argument by simple reas
si r Jon, and vindicate our procedure on
the ground that in th 1 region ol first
pilnclples there can bo no lartlier proof.
We may also ufllnn that the instinct be
ing a sacred endowment, at)d deli 'ate in
proportion to the stupendous nature of
ti e o'ljcct It attests, It may, like every
other function of the human spirit, col
lapse from ni' re disuse. But If we are
to succeed In even suggesting a doubt
to the mind of our opponent as to the
accuracy of his analysis, wo must Verify
our primitive belltl, and exiiibit its cred
entials si tar as that is possible. Wcmust
show why we can not trace its genealogy
fartuer back, or resolve it Into simpler
e'ements, andjwe mutt not keep its na
ture shrouded in darkness, but disclose
it so far as may be. Tills, then, is our
task.
The instinct to which wo make our
ultimate appeal Is, In its first, rise in the
soul, criiu. dint, bud .narliculate.
Gradually it shapes itself into greater
clearness, aided, in the case of most men,
by the myriad influence of religions
thought and of historical tradition
heightening and rellning it when educed,
but not creating it; separating the real
gold from any spurious alloy It may
nave contracted. Like all our innate in
stincts this one' H at first Infantile, and,
when It begins to assert itself, it prattles.
rather than speaks coherently. We do
not here raise the general question of the
existence of apriori principles. We as
sume that the mind Is not originally an
!Vaa tabula but the endowments with
which it start j are nil gifts in embryo.
They are not full formed powers, so
niuvh as the capabilities and potentiali
ties of mental lilc. Their growth to ma
turity Is most gradual, and the ditler
ence between their adult sn 1 their rudi
mentary phases is as wide as Is the inter
val between a mature organization and
the egg from which it springs. It Is
therefore, no evidence against the reality
or the trustworthiness of the Intuition to
which we appeal that its manifestations
are not uniform, or that It sometimes
seems absent in the abnormal state of
eonsclousncss, or, among the ruder civil
izations of the world. Wc admit that It
is difficult for the uninitiated to trace any
affinity between its normal and its ab
normal manifestations, when it is modi
fled by circumstances to any extent. We
farther admit that while never entirely
absent, it may sometimes seem to slum
ber, not only In Mtuy individuals, but In
a ra -e or an era, and he transmitted from
generation to generation in a latent state,
tt my hibernate, and then awake as from
the sleep of ft .rs, arising agsinst the
will ol its poss; or and refusing to be
silenced. Almost any phenomenon can
quench It. It is the spontaneous utter
ance of the soul in presence of the object
whose existene j it attests, and as such it
Is necessarily prior to any act of reflec
tion upon Its character, validity, or sig
nificance, Reflex thought, which is the
product of experience, cannot iu any
case originate an intuition, or account
for those phenomena which we may call
by that name, supposing them to bo de
lusive. Nothing In us, from the simplest
Instinct to the lolliest intuition couiu in
any sense create the object it attests, or
after which it seeks or feels. And all
our ultimate principles, irreducible by
analysis, simply attest and as.-ert.
Bniuh Quarterly Renew.
SoUiit Kraut. The best we ever te
we made ourselves for many years, and
for a considerable time with our own
bands, and always from Savoy cabbage.
It was manufactured In this wise: In the
first place let your "stand,'' holding
from a half ba re! to a ban el, be thor
oughly seal. led out; the cutter, the tub
ana tue stamper aiso wen seamen, raae
off the outer leaves f I'.c cabbage, halve
tbem, remove the heart and proceed
with the cutting. hay some clean leave
at the bottom ot the stand, sprinkle with
a handful of salt, fill In half a bushel of
cut cabbage, stamp gently until the juice
just makes its appearance, then add an
other handiui 01 silt, anu so on untu tne
stand is full. Cover over with cabbage
leaves, place on top a clean board lilting
the spice pretty well, and on top el thrt
a stone weighing twelve or fifteen
pouuds. Stand away In a cool place, and
when hard freezing comes on remove to
the cellar. It will be ready for use In
from four to six weeks. The cabbage
should be cut tolerably coarse. The Sa
voy variety makes the best article, but it
Is only half as productive as the Drum
bead and Flat Dutch.
rani lit .if l.-p th..
'uiiMi la If,. Ihgh
,ap'wi,lini rt.a! t kn
ftit' e rv 1 1 (lltnii m. TV- m m'i
Ihit crctjl .lor. I ti" I by th- I loot
o 1 I the Km it an. ivlm .1
tini, the seftt-tary of i rr HcWIiimI.
The noat ol arm l longing tt. thl
hmlly bo 1 nine illaninmlt it, aid. Id.
aad llie people, not dating w ttlgniatlt'
the Matter of Huir a- th" t ur e ul Sent
land, applied It to bit armorUI I
The last explanation rrlin 1 to the battle
of iilloden, which ,1'lngnithetl tin
hope of the Stuart party, and was at the
time considered a national earse I be
Duke of Cumberland, who wa known
to have been a gambler, is said to have
carried a pack of cards in bit p cket;
snd when he had won the famoiH tit 1 1
be took out the nine uf dlamomU and
wrote hit account of the victory 011 it.
THC CHEAT FIRE.
fb, mtrrhantt ef lie avtb ri-wax-oil
rich through Hie tiiiniluDf't el I., r it tir.i-
ahja,
llw much dip h it l irnl it htrarir, aad lit
til itfhi-oualv, no much hi iruw anil toror.onl
give hrr; for tkr mllh i, ht-r hi-art I tit iiutro
tail am no wul w, uri ahall trr nn r
Sheahtll iiaMNt) hurnfl wiih ilr
antl thf kin,a of ihe earth ahail hpwail lipr,
toil lamvtit tor bf r wht n tht'y ahall t t ihf
tmokf ot li-1 burning.
Standing afar of lor n r ot hrr tornirm ami
tying: tlaa Ulan, tntl great cltv, Ihtl
might v etty; for In ime hnur la thy jinUmeDi
Maw.
Thf mfrcbaiitt
mttlf rich by hrr ahall atar.it af
wteping antt wti trig
And thfV a crietl, wfrtiing anil wall
Ing, wyiag. Alai, alatl thai greui t-iiy
lift rto.tJ
no t trir Uv .litct
A U w moi
min blrtg o
M Imt In ht
l ic are 1
oi l hub
llr,
agtii
i.t
until
An
been -o hoVroal
W jr ef.lwf
H. aVillkrrob)
i pMI ih hri
m m tberily
reet,. nnt all In
Hill will
not hoon too nor ho.r I
MM
lr ar. I m
ami
nn rniioi.i
metiti'in. I.'n-
m on ui elm hl for
nU'iy y trt tin. t neiplrnl ofrrll. l
Imiii I. onuly, wa fniiTHl o t
wwlthy. Her tiipploat wore ni off. aho
twore vengeance agalntt a rlty that
would not afford brr a loal 1 f bread or
a pound of baoon. The oi l wom .11
owned r..r .ml this I, brr atnn Hal
look a lamp in brr b iml and went out to
havo a look at her pt t cow. Stir then
took a notion lo give hrr ,oc sill, art
the lamp down and returned to hr
house tn fetch It. I he 1 t.w kh'ke I 1 r
III 'lamp, an riplo 1.. 1 fnllirwrd, ami In
an Infant the stru'ture was in flami s.
In all that vicinity but one building
tat.ds a- a iu. umif lit a though It were
bewiteheil, and that l the the home of
this old hag.
Kn in (he rhllattn flaw, tr Hal Ma
loA'Ing
Win 11
'ir sen
the
it ii.k.. is
i.urt li mi -e a- in flume
100 and 'JOO prisoners were let
louae. which, in mtj-i quenoe uf alter-dep-retl
1! on.-, h really to ic regretted.
ClIICAQO AVKNt't kVoaMM
1'rovi il iinl'tlthl'itl to its trust, (.'hirauo
whirhnre Avenue bridge appears to have caught
iron lire from -parks before the main lire
IwUMM it. Thinking to beanie to troM
ov.i- this brlilL'a manv Dtouta delavnl
wmrfin Wfro mail, rich all that hail th us in their fliirht. honing, to save at let-t a nart
bour is th, rattle deeoltte BiliLt!
Once in un age. Nay. once in a cen
tury a great thing happens, by which
every other event is measured until a
greater thing occurs to blot it from the brMfre the exhausted ptopletuctl I
if their furniture before the flames reach
fed their houses. But the delay wa-. too
lung and the udvar.ea of the flames too
rapid, and when they liually lied lo
lliu bridge it was too late, ft was In
names. I ntler the apptoicm.- t
knnwi
brwMfhi ini itltjvir
Mair, r itjiil.g
rot liiciiattaj lonioi.i
i.iaroi 1 t.ti 1.
I lie r ilr rvo apt .'tl
coin park thr glory .1 ih. Vnrili l,n..
kM baa brow altatt rnllrrly prrarryi il.
uhl (11 HIT I I! .11 I.
Anil If I bran 1 h rleni ti wt-n nut
rnoiifh lo afl.fi tkr denion ..f.li-.t-u-Hon
Iha had driven Ibsaj lutlM-r, o
mrn wrrraalMl wl'h Ihr pallia ol 1 I11I1I
blrth a ul chlldrt n wen. Imrn on th
oprn pralrlr. I he t'one wn a orrow
lul nnr. Kvrn water wt i'i eit d lo thr
pan hid lipa o the unei 1, r-
crtofthi' prairie.
Hot! ei the inaiirancv roini
hravlly rrpn tenlitl in the I. will
pay buttwenty to in. iit.-ii,,' ira
the dollar. I ,ie city will Ih' r built.
I lie banks are all doing I
ore and depositors are not lo be lo-ers.
NXTUa mi unkii ro M4IFH kiii an.
1 In a large bheksinith thop Just son'li
of the bridge, a inunlM r af workmen,
stated lobe sixteen. ruhetl into their
burning building to save their tools, hut
the llreprtivcd too much even lor the
t sons of Vulcan. While catching up Hit Ir
tools, the walls of the building lei! in and
burled thsm iu its burning ruin-.
rprr-tniM; 1 1 it 1 1 uiui.
AIIH10 while the men were eriiring
arms, and what portable valuable, thev
possesM'd, the women were making up
their little packnuesol trinkets, and the
children were entrusted witli the carry
ing of sacks of provisions. Those who
had the torttiue to ow n hweu ami car
riages had them In readlnetl at the
doors, and rlcli and pour ahke wen all
preparing lor a Might to the pr.iititsat
the first decidiil changing of the wind,
And so Hie MrrlHed hours wore on,
with, probably, not a man, woman or
i child In all lilcago who was nut in
readiness to seek the protn iiou of the
bleak but kinder country in nri'terence
the I to trusting to I lie chances of 1 le in the
hide seated and smitten city.
A ma M
.iiarl i f
It
um ko mM u
ir. two UaWatfutirflaa, ill
iiim. IroalMtfifinil .imli
Ulrapn.nl il I In' trr or lanl. a llttlr
all. aad milk rnnugh to make a lmigi
.I that ran hr rnIM out. I'm Ibla tlioig',
bet It Is ImpetrlMr In right a, Ml I horn thin, mil .He.
I ht h f inn Ritjilf npin Ihffp, Mif IhtMn ti
laem in a month' light, ami loan, or hake. I'.ahmg will
urn, iNTinml most rotpilrr iwrnty minute,, .traming an
rrt, li,ma and faav, rmaV. I.lthrr anil I or II1111I1I aam-r m i
la- lls.
niai vfraawWI tr N1..111. tet)
much hat If u wrltu u nn tbla .ubjrr'
ami wrlilen unwlai.T. The fact, are.
that whoever ah-rp. iinnMiifortably mnl
Will get aek. To holtt aWinlMWlk)
high when the mrrrury i at gero, la au
itmiirdlty. I In' 1 older n -ierping apart
mrnt it the more iniliralthy doe, il U
.nine. Istau'i' MM coudentea thr ctr
Ih.mIi as'ltl tormisl by Hie breathing o th
sleeper. It settle, near the floor aswj isrr
lireatiH'il.aml il in a very f iairr-nerd lorm
lie will alt before morning. Hence
limit be governed by eircumatanoM.
The Ural Hung Is luu uuut lie comfort
ably warm during sleep. Otherwise you
ate not refreshed, ami inflammation ul
the lung, may In- engendered ami life
lestroyeil within
11 .0 li u. I hi
fn ipiently tipoti Ih
ami nearly ,)l aufft
of hot aand ami rimlrra and from thr
iiiiI pulmseiarv 1 timpllcflmia of Imrin
rhellrrwhii b tleat uynl IVthtlgO oc
curred on thr evening ot thw sih Intl..
m.l hi.torr htw nevrr rtirnl.hi.it a lural. I will
111 mil" u rrii.iriieairiictiveiie.s. .shortly
stti r 'he ehun li going tiile hail re
turnnl (rotn Ihr rvrnlng aervlce. an om
inoiia ...un.l brnnr like Hie dial nl
roaring of the tea, or like a coming
storm. This mrrraanl in Inten-itr. and
0011 the Inhabitants be. anieal irniitlanil
apprekrinlvc el danger, llili- of tire
were ol.strxril to fall like im-tenra Iu the
town, igulting whatever tUvv canw iu
amjM with. !y thla time the whole
population Were I wri uglily aroused ami
alarmetl, ami eaugbt up tlielr chiltln n.
and what .limbics ilu y could hastily
si iae, ami
afrty. N
few tlayt. An ope'
began lo lice lor a place til noof and an open lire-place are siilTli'ient
v .1 Itrbrhl e it ani.eare.l In ",r "nnniiiy pnrp iae. 111 coin wrainrr
the -outhtt.-t horizon, irradually in- W hen outer windows are open It Is well
creasing fill ;be heavens were aglow with to have Ihem down at the top two or
light. Hut 1 lew moments elap-. .1 Ml. r ii,TW lnl'l',"' "dnp at the boltoinlortbe
tin iteiore the horrible tornado ol fire ""I"1
memory of man. This great calamity
marks an era in the worlds march
Of every calamity, every Id -'sslng, and
every"vlsltation, it will be asked, How
long was it after (or bt fore) the ihtehf 0
fire f Was It since tlia great lire Noth
ing like It has occurred sinie Chicago's
calamity, and many such expressions;
of data.
Nothing less than the pen of divine in- j
spiration could outline the prefijjuration
of a catastrophe so grand as that which j
"has befallen Chicago, and nothing less
than the pen of uWltieinspiration can do 1
justice to its occurrence.
Moscow, engulfed In a maelstrom ol
flame, London, disappearing in the
whlrlwlndb of Are that swept for weeks
over its plague-stricke: areas Pompeii,
buried lor seventeen hundred j ears be
neath the rush of molten Wivel and-vol-canic
ashes, to the accoin imminent of
the groans of an ocean that Lied away In
horror, the roar of escaping j-ates
crash of falling columns
lug of a nauseated earth,
significant in the measure
Ities when results are com
reference to their immensity, tlul-sud
denness, and their awful grandeur. The
contemptible saloon of the first origin,
and the now abolished cow-birn of the
second, are both already forgotten, but
the widow and the fatherless the home
less and the Impoverished remain to
curse the origin of their calamity. The
visitation upon Chicago in the pist
should be a lesson to other cities In the
future. Where ts the mind that can
measure the pecuniary loss, the millions
consumed, and the other millions just
blossoming, and wh e fruition was only
a question of tlm Where Is ihe artist
writer whose soul ca 1 take in and whose
hand can even ou line the a vful horror,
the Immeasurabiij sublimity of thn hur
ricane of desttu t'ion, whois there, alas,
who can go belo v theae material fac's,
and comprehend and estimate the mass
ol hopes, of happ'ness, of household Hat,
of family loves that were ahrl, -lid and
consumed like bits of tissui paper fluug
intoathric j headed furna:e. ItWaM a
fierce fire whose sln'ster tongue i shot
hissing into the future, and licked clean
the prospects, the anticipations, the hap
piness of myriads. It was a visitation of
to-day that reached back and destroyed
the labors of yesterday, and whose flies
will long be gnawing into to-morrow.
Not even those comprehend what they
saw who were chased by the ou-rushlng
waves of ti imc, who battled against its
themselve 1 liom the flames, the strong
wt ami le-s exhausted Hying to the next
bridge north that tit Division street.
But the refuge under the bridge soon be
eime n burning furnaof. Tboea gath
ered under it soon saw the mistake they
liud made. The despairing ones stolidly
taid where they were and were suflocat-
HI lift ran out uinl alleinoted to flv
nn ii rhri.ttirl, tin 1 N.Ma. u.l,l.,h urun. r.
crossing the avuiue. A lew 1 scaped, but J"8" brokl 0Bt "f
with manv it wa.-mil v u death nostitoned """i'"i o..w.v..u "no -un.
I IXAI.I.Y
Just as I'leannouiKvuieiitliad tgairj MBi
the rounds that every bouse in the North
division to the full borders ot Lincoln
I'ark and Wright's (hove was really In
1 ashes, and just as the last thoughts of
i aid from above was sinking, the wel-
ed or b iined to death. Those with hope co.in W loiteri ng 1 own anu
l.It ran out an, .tlauUtt In fl, wans vou 11 rains 111 lasi, was HH
lor thr spue; of 11 few minutes burning
garments, tottering loots eps, and then
a mil to nss no more.
came upon tin pi. .pie, enveloping them
In flame, .moke, burning sand 11ml cin
ders. Those who bad not now reached
tl' nvi r, or .time Other plan of Hibiy,
artre suffocated and burned to a cinder
before they could advance a half di t
steps lurthcr. (.oil only knows thebo
roraud terrible tuflertni of the whole
town ni reahthra on that memorabk
Sunday night. ItnanHMiftlM leaeoi
God had bci a withdrawn Irom the plan1.
and the fury fiends ol hell had been too,
died to tvautonly vox and tormlll Ihe
people.
No toofueoan tell, no pen mn itawilba,
no brush can depict Iha realities of that
night. Liaggcratlim would be utterly
impossible. It defies human Ingenuity.
It was the destruction of Bodoni r'e
enacled. It aaemi as if lb, WlckedW H
of the place bid mocked (iml until Bery
thunderbolts were loosened for Its de-
truetton, But now, he who had beta
boldest In tin was Urst to cull upon his
Maker for succor.
The character of this fire was 11, like
any we have ever seen described before.
It was a Ham, fanned by a hurricane, and
accompanied by various electrical pheno
mena. 1 nose mat survived tno terrible
ordeal tcstllv that thoy received electrical
sharks, whllo they saw electrical flames
II 'HN on TnB mm,
As the fierce flamest ran along the av
1 nue, a woman ran out iiiiolhcsireer, fell
'owu, and gave birth to a child, but the
birth soon became a death and the Bo
ther uu 1 babo were soon lifeless bodies.
In the mad lmrry alter each om'a tH,
tue mother and the chill were di-.Tted
and left lo their fate.
The La Salle tunnel b 'came Impassa-
lill. lit., tif., In. ,11 tint V,.iith m.l '.in
through it along the p destrian walk, I T,0Pf tb '"Rd'vcs like hot
Wll II 1 WIU S.I Hill t 1 i 1 11 1111 1 1 Hill it llltT f Ml 1 in"M 1 v. fi iui imi.v
into if.ii lit thai. Lix.vi.ir upon tach
I !l lll'l' ai lll'll I1W.F J tltll I li A 1 I I 'I, II flf ill'.
I Dlilv lit ilir,.: til rninuiii ..iii n titll auum. of the earth around them. Hut the furv
ingsanklnliabrlcl and litliil tliiniber. th"! Isb was past iu ball nn hour,
I ab toe lire continued to burn mure
Vs 10 ATKIt' or less fiercely during the whole night.
111 wiiicn many men, women anu cum- Tho ,u, of lh(, st()rm ,vcr,
mil ii tun mi an none, inrowi'ii; wilier I
li" 1 inn 11 I'sas 11 Ammomv. Am
monia, or, as it i gem i .illy called, aplr
ites ol hartshorn, is .1 powerful alkali,
and dissolves diit ami grease with ease.
It has lately baea recoiunieuded very
highly Ihr many doaaestlr pnrposer. for
washing paint', put a Ubli -poonful In a
Quart of moderately hot water, dip in
flannel sloth, and with this simply wash
oil' the wooil work I no scrubbing will bo
aeoMiary, For taking iraaie ijioti from
any nvbrie, use tbe ammoaia nearly pure,
then lay wblte blotting piper over thr
spol, and iron it liglilly. In washing la
ces, put about twelve drops in a pint ol
warm mil.. To clean sliver mix two
teaapoouliilsot ammonia in a quart ot hot
soap-suds. I'm in your silverware and
wash it using an old nail-brush or tooth
brush lor the, purpose. Kr cleaning
balr-hruthta, etc,, limply shake the
bi ns h uti and down in a mixture ol nnr
teaapoonful of ammonia toono plntoi
hot water; when they ate cleansed, rinie
them in cold water, and stand them In
the wind or in 11 hot place to dry. Kor
washing finger marks from looking.
glasses or windows, put a lew drops ol
ammonia on 11 moist, rag, and make
quick work of it. It you wish your
bouse plants to llourih, put a lew drop
of thi' spirits in every pint, of water used
mini in a tiasin of
.ii. i .1. i 1" 1 in watering, a ic.is on
u"rB ""v" to snnaee i ro(1 watur wU1 lml, t) tlL, wttttXs.
Ing effects of n bath. Nothing is bottt-i
tlian ammonia water lor cleaning thr
hair. In every case rinse off the ammo
nia with clear water. To which we
would only add. that, for removing
not
iwing water i ,ii ,iii,,io ..,i 1 1. rs
lZVr,!l1!!! i sorvivors. ouhl conic forth from their ammonia and alcohol Is better than alro-
ui. i.nu.111, i.i..iiii,i.i...iihiii retreats. A IlirlV Of Inrtlln-lle V ran l,l nl,, l 1...- l,.LI..,r nl Ih I
nng neids in blur
s nothing better
rtnr,.., 1 1 1 i 1...... 1., 's v.vw.. ,1 1 ...I inn. 11. 1 v 1 nn iii. 1 mum: inu n.r iaai
fierce, wind drove toward 1 licm. J, toWtheV upon alow meadow below the stulns produced bv stroni
STKl JSUUnZVl br,J. w,'r A family of and black clothes, 'there I
lire; tic wearer with great presence of Ve persons saved themselves by lumping than ammonia,
mind .removed il from her person 1 into a shallow well. Another lamilv t3
the like. The beat CVttr and anon, eu-
I li-li
the same number were nil seSoeatrd bv
larju DttmDrr threw
1 OH THE LADIES-
Some Qeurjrla ladles propose to play
a ;e resnri. a
the i tunnel wit 1 smoe. At the mouth ol r' "'T ...t ..1.-. tB,)(., theinsrlvcs bv clinging to the me piano lor ine ciitiniiilonsiiip at the
.v.... 1 .1 n.j 1 1 t ilea temiiir Ins Hit sutineul inn. (h 1 1 o .i. i-JL C ,1 i.vi..
oil 1 In. f ,.l. mini 1 at i ne isoui o r.o I was ton on w oooin ami mini inw ios, at tue same lime i.t.i.u i- nn
auu t"' r tea 1 ...i.i.o, i,.,i .1,.i,i 1 it drcii laitited. an I atroft? iiieu could 1 11 ..n?.- .1..! 1 11
thee w ,c in- SgSTCfc" s?iii t 0 1 fl am e 11 11 1 1 11 1 t-dy breath, by keeping their laces .0 J7tSJSL
of their calam- 1 lou.i of smoke i-suing iron (lie tunnel I Ilie.lirouiid mil I some new air current, (jV'
1.1 1 'I'm. ..li t .tot.r. mllu ot ih iiiiin.l il.olr Uiimg 1 ic si.iohe ci iiirmng asu c me i" many euiiuieu, some omy one ------r.
pared with 1 Int ,oli.l Mi n walli 101 the tl mil 1 hell .t MH montli old. which bad been kenl fn the HIlS Hcrlva A. Hainl. of Wasblnyton.
H 'II' 111 M 1 I I n III I i f III T n I
t' use beat of the fire, the iron railings
which prot tcted the carriage approaches
al each end being literally torn oft' from
the walls and curved and bent into innu
merable fantastic shapes by the fiery de
mon. I)
KKKl'IXO OPEN nOUSK.
"Well, James, wearciill gonUogt'lhcr.
Last night 1 was worth a hundred Ihou-
8ii 1 1 J dollar, and mi were you. Now
where are we?" 'Gone," returned
James. Aft3r this, said tbe first speaker,
Well, Jim, I havo a home left, ami my
family are safe, f have a barrel of flour,
some bushels of potatoes and other pro-j
visions laid up for winter: and now, Jim,
I'm going lo fill my bouse to-night with
these poor follows,'' tinning to the side
walks crowded with Hoeing poor, "chuck
full from c liar to garret!" Tne blaze
of the conllagrat'on revealed lomethlng
wort-i seeing in that man's breast. Po
slbly the road to hisheai t may have been
choked with rubbish More. If so, the
fire had burned If clear, till it shonj like
one of the streets of burnished gold,
whence no will one nay walk
situation is des. riln d by those who ex
perienced its horrors as one surpassing
all possibilities of conception or belief.
But tbe II lines, finding at length no
more to consume, swept on and tlw fu
gitives were saved.
THI NORTHERN FIRES.
From fha MIlMtuleu Sentinel. I
Uukkis Hav. Win., UrtoOer J I.
water tho whole night, and yet survived.
Some who were too ill to walk were taken
from tin Ir beds and thrown into tho water.
A large number wero drowned, some
was Ihe champion equestrienne of Ihe
room (III, j l air.
An American hidy Is soiling Testa
ment; in the stin ts of Homo without In
terruption, .she wri sent out by (ho Bible
by being trampled upon or thrown oil .Society.
nun ineir logs y ,0 wufl ami mow, ,y,,, 9lk Brft tr)lririM!,, wUll
famly. EleVt'n W IW"
B0U1I or tilt! riUJca warn no thoroughly ""imaii noutris, niitr (HllUTini lilt a
u!lir' m4w" ''-l"i1'' burned and'eonsumed that they could bi),!'l,'' cholera, small-pox and all other
Alt 1 It'll II I I ao.aa.o t I a C 1 'ill 1 A a
1 But tho details and Incidents are too liar
rowing to relate.
MittwauKte i i
ttua Rio m .nlnnn. with the In. '.'1' W uonoie nam;
slmnlions received from the association,
vottr romtiillri.n nl i I'.- t uppt.t.ti.io.liitl
by S. J. 11. Thompson, of Milwaukee, j be tornado came from Ihe SMHbwtat
with a quantity ol supplies, reached Rn1 sw,'Pt .over a tractor country eight
(Jrecn Bay late 011 the evening of the i ?r te" miles In wldlh, and of Indefinite
11th Inst. We found that th" relit I com- me limner 111 its courte was
mlttee at this point had diseontlniwd
nieir lauors ior ine nay, anil wn we
could not ascTtain thatniffhtdfflnit.lv tnf was swept away, wiia two or t ie
the condition of the country over which exceptions. Sometimes the wind struck
illmasis lor 1.10 yuan, was Iniriieil to
deatb recently nt riiilailt'lphlu.
The new stylo ot wearing t hr hair Is
known by Ihe name of "I'rcnch roll,"
.iml many ladles try lo pretend that lin y
arc French brt (n)d
The unshotof It all n thttlivn vouior
lei led by thn wind and burned by tbe ladles have got Into Ihe I riivcrslty 01
fire, and every vcstlgo of fence and build- Vermont, and the young men expect no
the Are had swept, but the Impression
given us was that all the immediate ne
cessities of the destitute neonle bid been
Mr. C. II. M'Cormlck, the great man- supplied. We were much disappointed
ufacturer. ll,nt on t'ae prairie.
A musieally disposed individual, prob
ably filled with despair esw II asimelody,
on Tuesday commi need playing 011 a pi
ano standing 011 tbe street near to hill's
brewery and continued the operation for
several hours.
well-known North side physician.
was seen during the progress of the tire,
rushing up North Clark street on horse
back, wii i a game c;k under each arm.
In not finding something for our hands
to do immediately; and, not being quite
satisfied with the reports given us, it was
decided that Dr. Nichols, who was famil
iar with the location of Pcshtlgo, shou'il
immediately proceed there and report
upon the necessities ol the peoplr. The
next morning Mr. Childs ascertained
from Captain Hart of the steamer North
the earth with such force that the small
undergrowth was torn up ami kept in
windrows, while at other limes It would
skip away from the earth. Tho whole
population of 1'eshtlgo village, and of the
peace iu the Institution after this.
The matrons of U-avenworth, Kanas.
have erected an illuminated clock, Iu
order Hint their husband may have 110
e.xriHc Ioj "not thinking It was so late."
Thn woman-women of Iowa have wlge-
iarm lands In the vicinity, was' '2,000 and ly determined toexpel from thclrsullrage
nn,m.miii.ii iiiij. p. mvii niio.Ttt in ciiii'l
tain lax views of the marriage relation.
Miss M iry Aleolt, sister of the author
of I. Idle Women," has taken up ber re
stdcnceTn London for the study of pict.
ti ll art, in which she bids fairtocxcel.
fully onc-tldrd of those perished 011 that
tearful night. On the east shore of thn
bay, reports place the loss of life fully as
high as at Pcshtlgo, making the entire
loss of life reach Hie f-arfiil number ol
1,200.
Ibe fmini'iiiate wants of the .urvlvois
The Mayor of Macon, tteortta, bus
ollercd a silver service premium, worth
west, that the anflerers Of the district arc neany supplied, tint no inrnr-i'lern.
lying between Pcshtigoand Oconto were Die amount will be required to enable
rraehini? Ihr latter nlten in 11 tlnnloiiihli. them to live through tic' winter. The
8 condition, and that there was an urgent .proclamation ol tfovernor falrcliihl of a homespun dress
un one 01 the streets, a cat, Being ratner demand for immediate supples of food ""'""i"1"1" 'icmsnus The I'rlncess Louisa is inakln.r l,rs..ii
Inn a,m I,. l, nnmfnVl-ahlo f,.7ho.l I .-,1 ZmU.I tk.t ,.ll 'TTTLl. SuZ t K'Se IKTSOIlS CIVC III... II IU lllll I. lllt. Ul. ''i.. M '"a.KI" "rsell
f.iti, to the prettic-t girl in Ibe Stale
under 17 who appears at the Slate Pair In
bllity. A pertloi
ten at rensauxic,
to be sent across the
a fallen laino where it stuck anil was
progress, who were stunned by the roasted.
thunderof tumbling walls, who were en-1 A newiy-marrled couple, who were
velopedintho sombre depths of smoky driven from their home along with the
i ..a. i u "re to the prairie, remained out in the
clouds, and who never for a moment drenching rain that followed, and two
wera unscorched by the advancing days afterward walked miles over the
masses ol fire daring the twenty-foar South division to get their first mouthful 1 bay to Little Sturgeon bay, from whence
hour,. Nought to them were steeples ot Jl g
f w i ii 1 1 1 1 1 jti.er .vii.u s.hbi I rum ill r .-mnotatn.no tif ti rti t fiintii 1 1 e i.iii
house, attempted to return to the build- tlemcn found that the story of suffering
ing to save something else but when and destitution had not been hall told.
she came out again she was In flames, and
tbe only way that her husband could
save ber was by tearing off her clothes
not a shred of clothing being left on her.
Her nakedness, however, was finally cov
ered with a blanket. Her eldest daugh
ter was in tne same plight.
and clothlntrat that nolnt. Caotaln Hart persons have upon 11-, and is meet
kindly gavo permission for the commit-1 nK with a hearty respontj Irom every
tee to ship a large quantity ot our sup-1 1"rt ol the Stale. Let the good work
pUes at once by hU steamer, and Or. go on, for if ever lie ic was a inn for
Thompson and Mr. Childs proceeded at. aympathy, surely t:,i Is one, The peo
once to Oconto upon their own respon.l. "P.1? hrvc be. n literal ly stripped of every-
A portion of the supplies were ""g- -or a v -narc of House or fence
popular nt her Highland home. At
tenantry ball recently she was tho part
ner ol a farmer, and went "down thn
middle" between a hundred couple, In a
contra dance.
i'ndcrsklrts of alternate stripes of silk
and velvet will be very stylish for walk
ing r stuiiies nest season, (hr front tf
blazing high above tbe surface or the
crimson ocean, or the acres of tumbling
marble palaces nought were white cdi-
liccs, flashing palely asarlet, anil with
their wlndowa a mosaic of smoke and
flame; nought was tbe saaokc, now, lazy,
tiny, curling jets, anon a gro wing mass
of Inky blackness that grew white and
fleecy, and then iridescent till lost in
They met, however, with a hearty co
operation from Mayor Smith and Messrs.
Cole, Kill', Goodrich, and many other
1 citizens, wiio were already doing all in
their power to allevla'e tho suffering.
Tbe ladies, as usual, were working nobly,
and had fourb en sewing machines eon-
or anything oi n eouiuuillule nature re
main... A m ire fletttUli. i i.eeft., li. tl.
the present sib; nf what was once the t,ie "vorskirt being left open to display
pleasant village (il IVslitlgo ruui'i' Is- uiooaioawi.oi
Mtnftf Ined or dencribed.
P. M emi t.,
TiiWUOJI Nicnoi.a, M. I.
Hcliel (Jommitti i
HINTS FOR HOUSEWIVES
Coit.t I'rom.vn (irate iirecii corn
from two dozsn ears, then scrape (lie cob
Mrs. Maria dt; Woll lingers has given
to the Ucdwood Library, Newport, It. I.,
a collection of rare books, In value about
three thousand dollars, and aiso a I raited
M.i bond ol ten thousand dollars, to
be held under the name of tbe llobcrt
IEogers Memorial Fund," tbe Interest tf
wb ch is to be expended for books.
Hen i Ik and iftn avs: "Thn
Three Protestant luinistere andaCath-1 stantiy employed, furnishing 2nd per day so as not to get the chaff oft', put, with oracles of the human soul speak: in favor
Ing. some with whole, others the c orn about a quart of cold milk, three of the purity and perpetuity of marriage.
t i A ..i a.....
Phyino C.RD3. In the liars of
George HI. Horace Walpole tells us that
everybody followed Hamlet's direction
and spoke "by tbe card." They were
made the vehicles of messages of all
kinds, and even reverend blshop3 would
take up an ace of beans to convey In
struction on serious matters ot business;
some ol which are still In existence.
Caricatures, then a new species of satire,
were sometimes drawn upon them, and
ministers of state condescended to invent
the devices, Charles Townsiiend hiinaelf
caricaturing tbe trial ht Admin-l Byng
so cleverly that the pick wis afterwards
cngravtu.
It bas often been asked why the nine
if diamond I cilled the "Curse of
Scotland." In the distract ds. ate ot the
country during the reisn of Marv. a man
(lenroo rtomnnoll hv nunn artiemtrf .1
talk, to steal the crown ont nt Kittnhnrarh
frothy, insane, vapid, senseless, j Caatle. In this he was unsuccessful, but
y, iruu
o'ic priest slept under tbe sidewalk at with cloth
wavy and upreaching spires of tremulous .orm avenue nriage one nignt. witn paits or suits. rggt, two tahittspoonslul ol sugar, one Men may lorsakn the oracles and live
flame Fair-faced women and men with i wotnon living on umano sireei, oe-1 ir. nicnois. on nn arrival at resniigo u uspoomui oi ,au; u not swmi enough, liar unites. ien may lorsako the or
b f I tween Market and Franklin, brought out i harbor, examineil as rapidly as possible add more sugar; it too thick, laot, milk acles and build socialisms out of their
niggard laces who lougnt desperately to npr two children, aged S and 7, safely, 1 the situation there; thence proceeded to the consistency depends on the state of fancies. Kit all the worse for tiieni
secure something from the flames, had and then went for a Baby. The children Pcshtlgo village, teven miles up the riv- the corn. I'our Into buttered pistes and But the Intuitions, the lovrs, morai
no leisure to take in the 'grandeur of the lonowed her bacK and tone came out cr, and irom there crossed over to Marin- bake. delicious dish for tea. impulses ot the rare are on the side of
auvc eiie, ii miies away ui me easi, on i lie WiTf.lt Brkork Isriaki'.si' if wc marriage."
A WATER-i ii a ti;rD llfTO ax 0VB!. Menomonec river. Here the i larger par- stloud establish the habit of drinking The St. Louis Jwrnalof Commerce tava
Thn .-...nain r th.. .,,.f.,.ft. tiou of the sick and burned bad been ta- r.i i tho ,,.r, .r..l n. ...i. i t. ..v.,?-.." "J.
And thus It was that the beauty and even were not without their tragediea. i u i. u rlalng, commencing witliamailqiiantlties, obiect to any cf the demands of thla reat-
grandeur tj( the occurrence, like its ex-1 One of the firemen, thinking, perhaps,' ,At bUgo harbor were a ironsidera- Increasing gradually as we learn to relish less virgin If Oicy had any bcnefleont
tent, will never be understood or futlv i that tbe heat of the approaching jre bte number of those who had fled from t, nntil the chief portion taken during Influence on hrr mind and monilTbut
rtHmaZi understood orruny wonl(lno. to lnten ftnd the village after the lire. Some werese- the day is before breakfast, it will pro- unfortunately for her influenw irf the
estimated. e.trucuy,. u m aMf WMi crwied wely burned, and all deplorably dealt-1 mote the health to a much gri ab r extent world, they only make licr conanicnoua
One thing the people of Chicago do ap- into a large water-pipe lying on the than it ordinarily dtrt, crwllcau; diseases forlholoss of the true, sweet female
predate, and that is the Christ-like cbar-' groundand was roasu;d to death. When At Pe,htlgo vil age there remained from tbe eystrm, and become a tlecided qualities, and for a gain of the lower
if with .hu th- .nrt wnn,, of i Vt W"? lowrytottnt. torms ol man nature."
.v M.V.. thi. tif t-ta lktttt uurviuK un: ui;mi. juamitriiv lmy i:i r wi -A imni ni r. j t it.,.,
iv r rv tatw vi nit x is n lani a x.t uv i Ti jo. iui' 1 1 t I
catastrophe, nor Inclination when the
destruction el their all gave them leisure
was a flame of fire.
ONE OF THE WORST MATURES
of M ,nday night was the agonizing ap-
thla land have come to their assistance
Men who never wept baforc, gave out
many a Ood bleis them," ai the news
of relief arrived from St. I.oul land other peals ol wives tor missing husbands;
cades ami towns. Where thenrond mi!. a daughters andslstcrs for absent fathers
of white marbleonceegtended there are Too' so.S 'ZJt
now ghostly and tottering walla, anda iged by tearful, despairing searchers
chaos of infinite ruin. One h:ind;tl for relative, and acquaintance who had
the sufferers were found In the Dunlap
House, which had been convert d torn
li r J Unf.,, 141.-. i.
!M' -"l; well pressed down, mZe IhetoUoWte. Vneeel S'JLV.
ac, wiii-.ii iu.il otai kiu- ill ever V IW'll iraCU i'HI I Ol nOOrta little ll.,m..n hla I. J..:..'
porarily Into a hospital. Many were -alt, and only water enoiiffh to hoi i the a ..iU'JiZ vL lruu'"-vo coanuv.
Sutrlbuted among the homes oi the cit- t tegredlei.lstorr. T vffeUbU? kU" '0 ,rn,mil.,.r
ixen,. These were actively cared tor crS.t ior one linJ''rti ttlX
ny un. Jones ami urunscuwei er, ii-ms- quickly and carelessly, not kneading at (I raawa Ir. Y "V"
reier
that
man
tbe
tea ov a corps oi volunteer nnvficiiius i. For n n nUi fw,m ti,r.n,.., ."J::. V ""v"" i
from different parts of the State who to whole cup ol lard bKvjto I SfJSTJS
bad come up to render some assistance every two cups of flour. This rule item 1 ihi Xi. i V
In the emergency. The relict com-nittee fidlsto make a good, crtspplocrTt 'r', o.?vcryKbies