gmjjslmvg gjottvmnL
JAMES TIMMONS, Editor."
Friday, novemukii 10, m-
PROCLAMATION.
In the Name and by the Authority of
the State of Ohio.
Rutherford B. Hayes, Governor of said State
Tlie penpla nf Oliln daring thepaat rt-ar hate,
wndur rmrldenct enjnred health and peace,
prosperity and liarpiiiesa.
rortheao linn cmint-
leaa other bleamiifr
thejr wiah doTnutl; to ex
press their gratitude and thsnKnilncM to Ai
rtight Uod. Therefore. ThnrarUr( tho 30th
due of Norember, A. 1). 1871, is heicbr appoint
ed to be obserred m a dny nf TliankaftivinK and
I'rarer, according to tbs (rood custom of our
fattier.
Id Teslimnnly Whereof, I hare hereunto sot
my hand ami emuod tho Oreit Suul
of the Slate of Ohio to be alTliiod, at
Cilumhiia, this 2nd day of November, A.
D. 18T1. 11. B. MAYES.
By the Governor)
Isaac II. SllEKWOOt), Secretary nf St'ite,

Tlie Fort Wayne SrniinH a.i ja a morement in
on font in that city to "perpetrate" the memory
of Aolhoar Wajrne by the croction of monu
ment. We ace It stated t1it a ccrliflc.ile wasfllod In
the office ol the Seerelsry of theStateof Indiana,
for the Incorporation of the T.nku Erie and Louis
wills Rullway Comparer, of tndiiina. A similar
Cffrlilieate was filed this week with tho Secre
tary ol the HUU of Uhio, incorporating the I.nko
Erie and Louisville Railway Company of Ohio
the In'.ontinn being to consolidate thejtwo Com
panies when the organization has been porfec
ted.
k one-trine 1 brm-thief who Is confinsd in
jail In Moreer' county, fearing the diurnal walla
ota SUtce'prison which he has b'.'foro tested
attc irpted tn starve himself to death. Ho kept
np hii superhuman resolution fur nine and a
half days, and eacaped trial br being too ill to
ppear in Court, lie was Anally prcrailrd up
on to take a small dose of beef tea, and has
a'nee been -rirjatine the doses in lurgerquanlity,
and it is belicred he will regain his appetite
and strength.
The Republican majority (official) in Fenn
ylrania at the late election was, for Beitd, for
Burroynr-Gencral, 20,3fiS. Gain on Gkaht's
majority of two-years ajfo, 15,7,2. Tlie vote on
calling a Constitutional Convention was yea
332.231 nay, "2,073. Jlnjoritr, 200,153. The
total rote for the Prohibition cnudidate for Su
Teyor-General was 3,012. The State Senate
will stand Republicans, 17 Democrats, 16.
The House Republican?, O.Vj Democrats, 3
Republican majority n joint ballot, 27. Gain
frem lust year, 10.
The Kcw York Erenina Ponl has a faculty
of speaking plainly and rery pointedly. It ut
tercd tlie following brief paragraph a few days
before tho election which we commend to the at
tention of "our readers "If the effort of Tues
day next should fail, New York city would
bare more reason for mourning and desponden
cy than Chicago has to-day. Burning stress
nay be rebuilt, scattered trade may be gathered
again, but the ruins of character and of honor in
a community which deliberately accepts thieves
for its rulers and its representatives are without
bops of restoration."
It has turned nut thnt the monster petition of
iwec'y-lve hundred women nf Utah, which late
ly reached Washington, did not implore the
GorernmcDt'to strike down. 'the Inst rclio of bar
barism, but just the contrary. Their pruyer is
that the proceedings against Mormons be stayed.
It seems they prefer having a fraction of
husband than none at all. They do nut relish
the idea of standing in the relation of mistresses
to Ihoir much-married husbands, nor do they de.
aire to have their children converted into has
lards by legal process. In short they want to
rest the case.
Death of Two Noble Men.
Within the past ten days America has lost
two of her noblemen Gen. Robekt Anderson
an4 TnoMAs Ewino. The former died at Nice
Italy, w'kro. he had been for some time with
the view of regaining bis health In that
fenial climate. The latter passed away at his
boms in Lancaster, Ohio. Gen. Anderson was
born in Kentucky, in ISMS', graduated at West
Point in 1625, served in tlie Illack Hawk war,
Indian wars in Flwida, in the wars with Mciicn
and was in com..od at Sutnptor when the
Slaveholders' Rwotllion broke out. lion. Tuou
as Ewino was born in Yirgiuia in 1780, and re
aided in Ohio since 17U2, In 1810 he was ad
milted to the bar and soon became distinguished
as a lawyer. In 1831 he was elected by the Whigs
to the Cuited Slates- Senate, and aerved a full
farm. In 1810, President Uabkuon appointed
him Secretary of the Treasury, and he untie
tained by President Tiler. In 1S4S, President
Tatlob appointed him Secretary-of the Interior.
a Cabioet ffico just created.'. In 1861 bore
tired from political life anddero'ed himself to
hi profession. lie was a ripe scholar, an elo
quent orator and a statesman. In 1851 he wa
a delegate to the I'eawCoogress," but took
oe jjart in its proceedings.
Coal Famine.
The cities and town on 1 1 1 1 Ohio Rircr wh!
depend on receipts from Pittsburg for their sup
plies of coil.aro threatened with a famine. Four
weeks sgo there was but fourteen inches of wa
ter in the Ohio on the shoals four-miles above
Cincinnati, and for some time-previous, and since
not even flat boats could descend the river. Ca
Is advancing in price at a rate that threatens
make the coming winter a very uncomfortable
one for the poorer classes who are unable to pay
famine prioes.
A write-in the Wh eeling IntttVgtncer say
"the lowest point ever reached by the drought
the rlrer, it is believed, wag in tha year 1833,'
the sain s war mentioned by our Tontogany cor
respondent last week," when it was about a foo,
lower than tSia summer 1871." The si me
writer continues: "The drought of that summ
continued through the fall". In November a lit
tie ri came in the river, and our people started
nut with their fl it boats loaded with produce, po
(aloes, o and were all caught In a seven
freeze, which closed up the river, stopped navi
gatiun and destroyed the potatoes. In this fall
potatoes wero twenty-five cents per bushel
be soring, or after this freeze, they roso to ouo
dollar per bushel."
Reports from the Mississippi state that the
'father of rirers' is so destitute of that material
from which rivers are made, that steamboat,
bars to keep whistling to keep the cows oat of
the channel, and that captains are baring ce
catchers put on the boats.
The French not Satisfied.
It appears that the French people are not yet
satisfied with the amount of blood shed and
misery and desolation which has resulted from
their warlike propensities. Although the smoke
of their burning lilies and homesteads, were lu
as yesterday ascending and the putrifying bod
lea of tens of thousands or tier sons are
yet poisoning her atmosphere and promises
fruitful barrest to pestilence, yet this sanguinary
ptople still thirst for military display and its
sailed glory. One of our exchanges refers to Ih
gutter as follows t
The French evidently do sot intend to remain
long a second-rate militarr power. The system
ut army re-orgnnizalion adopted by tlie govern
ment, if faiily carrii-d out, will give France with,
in three yeais an ell'eciire furee of more thun
million men, aud the improved plan of organiza
tion and discipline must make this one nf the fin
est armies in Europe, lliu to establish sueh nu
army will be a rery costly undertaking, ami with
money already scarce, aud $700, 000, 000 yet due
to Ue rmnny, the luxation which all this prepar
ation for new wais before the old one is paid for
sauet entail, may produce an upriting of lheiiople
which will serve to unseat the eunuiolona
foveru'ueut undertaking it all. There seems to
be a rry great rererrncoon the part of the
weple for the Thiers administration, and some
tmtof the facliuna opposing it may vet overthrow
it before all these fine schemes can be curried
ul.
The November Elections—Glory Enough
for One Day.
The sere ral Htato e'ectlons w hich came off on
iiendity last, may well be considered as mnaj
decisive In their endorsement-first, of the Repub
lican party and lis administration of the govern
ment, ind secondly, In their condemnation ofdla.
honesty and corruption. This last feature of the
election has been strikingly manifest In the city
of New York, where good citizens of each party
hare united In ronilng a set of offit-ial Ihieres
snd their tools whose acts of Infamous and tin
ushiog corruption, Is without precedent in the
history nf any civilised country.
That this Test er rip, putrifying ma as-of politi
cal and nf official corruption should have origin,
aied and reveled in the wantonness of destruc
tion, In Ilia very heart of our metropolitan city
seams incredible, and yet such Is the fact. How
is this condition of ufT.irs been brought about?
imply by the great masa of Intelligent citizens
failing to discharge their duties nt tha primary
convenll'ins and si the ballot bti. They have
followed the pursuits of money making, and have
allowed a aetof cut throat thieves to take hold
of their city govornmout aud control its taws and
use its funds for their own personal ben. til. lu
this manner tho tai payors hare been robbod of
millions of moner.
Had as these matters are, H is indeed foi lu
nate that they are no worse. It Is indeud a mat
ter nf satisfaction to know that public sonttinent
of the right kind is now operating. Tho thiuves
and their tools hare been met. at the ballot box
with a signal and timely rebuke, and it remains
only for Justice to finish what the people have
began. Let the villainous thieyes meet their re
ward in the State prison.
Tanim.tnv la completely ovortlirown and also
tho Democratic party, on which, for so many
roars, that Incubus has been silting.
New Y'oik boen'politically revolutionized.
The Scuate will stand Republican, 27 j Dcmn-
cruts, 8, and t'-e Assembly will boomposr-1 of
90 Republicans and 38 Democrats. The Repub
lican majority in the Stato will bo about20,000.
Massachusetts has rolled up her usual Rcpub-
ican m ijoritj ami elected asliburne over Ad
ams. the House Willi Etind I 170 Republicans
against 6-1 opposition.
Wisconsin also falls into line and has elected
ir Washbume as Governor, over the notorious
I Hilittle The Legislature Is alo Republican
Ill.nots lias elected U-'VorUge, lippiililican, as
ingrtssman at large, with a majority of 25,-
000.
Tlie city of D droit has also elected a Ropubli-
can Mayor and Council, the first fur a period o
12 rears.
New Jersey ha3 elected a Democratic Govern.
or.but b th branches of her Legislature are Re.
publican.
Minnesota Las elected A n stirs. Republican for
Governor, bv an increased vote, the tnajoriiy will
reach some 8,000.
Maryland went Democratic as usual, but by
largely diminished vote
With such motires to inspire their action, tko
Republican party may, with propriety or," Ad
vance I" Let the shout of advance be heard all
along tlie line, ami i: will 0e foun t next year
that the Republican nominee for Chief Magis
Irate will be triumphantly elected.
Official Stealing in Germany.
Tho tfvirth nmi Jl .me ears Clearly the
Germans have no genius for stealing. The
summing rp of financial affairs in I'm si a for the
past year shows a total ofninetcen thousand d.d
lars lost by oflicial peculations, and as the offen
ders a.rn all in prison, serving nut rather long
terms, it is Imped that next year's showing will
be even better than this, particularly ns there is
now no war to demoralize the public servants
IlappT Prusia I
Let tho I'nited St-rti-s faithfully administer
ber State laws as she is now doing the f edora
law, and she may yet rival Prusia in that stand
ard of happiness which proceeds from oflicial
hones ty,
National Arbitration.
The plan nf arbitration adopted by the United
States Government and that of Great Iiritain for
settling the Alabama and other'causes nf ditflau!
ty, furnished the civilization of tlie nineteenth
rentury with one nf its grandest triumphs
and promises hereafter to become a fundament
a) part of international law.
Spain, benighted and sanguinary as she has
been, now casts aside her belligerent propensity
and proposes to sal-n it a giievanceto the adju
dication of an impartial tribunal. Acting doubt
less on established, Spanish precedent, the Con
s il at Port au Prince threatened to cut out the
American vessel llorntt without more ado, but
even Spain begins to see how much bettor brains
ae than bayonets, andKng A Mat B.'s's G ive
ment now proposes to submit the case of that
vessel to the decision of an Admiralty court. Si
be it. No more competent tribunal could be
found, and if the lfariut be a piratical craft, by
all means let her be condemned ,'ia such if her
acts have been legal, let her go free under her
flag. But let us have no cutting out aim blood
letting about a matter which a court of admiral
ty only is compotcnt to pass upon.
Annual Meeting of Wood County Agricultural
Society.
The Annual Meeting of the Wood County Ag
ricullural Society was held at Tontogany, Sat
urday 0 toher 4th. The meeting was called to
order by J. W. Ross, President. The President
gave a statement of the indebtedness of the So
ciety for the ground and improvements. On mo
lion of D. A. Avery, tho parlies having claims
against the society tor money borrowed, bo ftc
cured by moitgnge on Society's grounds Alsi
the amount for pi i tiling at the office of Perrysburg
Jot'itNAf. and loledo VnmmerritU be paid. On
moti m ofl'unt. Cnnhold, tho Secretary was al
lowed $25 tor services, Ac., whereuiu n the mem
tiers were thanked for their generosity and all
donated back to the Society.
On molion a committee was appointed to pre
sent names of ollieers for the ensuing year who,
alter deliberation, rep u-ieu tlie roll living gen
t'rmen aud they were unanimously elected to
their several oliues
President J. W. Ross.
Yice President 1). A.Aviry.
DIRECTORS.
of
a
EOWAIID RRVKRSrOCK, IIsnbt LunNY.
F. T. Pxnmywsi.l, N. T. Stratton,
Appointed by tlie Hoard
Secretary Gbo. Powrks.
Treasurer Maktin Wausbk.
Tho ollieers of the Wood County Agricultural
Society, respectfully report in brief, that the re
ceipls of the recent Uouiity fair, were aa follow
Membership tickets $1S3 00
Gate tickets 200 (12
Swings, shows, eating stands, cVc-... 108 25
Lumber sold, &o 0
Total Receipts $882 8:1
To which add bal.nn hand, Dec. 2H, '70 115 72
From County treasury 123 35
Grand total assets 11,121 U0
Paid out as follows I
L. Ij. Morehouse bslauce nn i acres in
grove where buildings are 1"5 00
Wnlbridge etui, for lumber 60 12
Whiliu.ro do old debt of 1870 74 il
Fieiglitou lumber Ac In It. It 10 Ui
Premiums of ISJill paid between Due. 28
170, and October 6, 18,1 81 40
Paid for labor, fi ling up grounds, po
lice services, &o-. 228 53
Total expenditure $diu 70
Cash balance on hand $602 20
On motion the ollieers of the society were in
structed lusecuie the tract of land south of the
r air grounds, between lliat and the street, for the
nociety at such price as they may doeiu reasons
able. On mutton nf 0. A. Avery, the directors and
members adjourned to meei si Tontogany on the
fiist Hatnrdav in March, 1872, to revise the pre
mium list, rules and regulations of the Society
for ihe next year.
Tho ollieers r! the Wood County Agricultural
Society, lor 1872, will be as follows 1
Jus. W.Ross-President.
I). A. Avery Vice President.
Geo. Powers Secretary.
liarliu Waruer Treasuier.
DIRECTORS.
Edwsrd Reverstoclt,
Iiwls F, Dulba, Henry Luudy,
Joel Foot, F. T. Penny well,
S. 8. Canfleld, N.T. Ktratton,
DIRECTORS. J. W. ROSS, President.
GEO. POWERS, Secretary.
LETTER FROM MONTGOMERY TWP.
"niTXET IIHOAD AXS." HENRY CHANCt.
The above named gentleman, a ho now resides
In Fremont cnnimonced his caroer as a temper
ance lecturer In tho Hlack Swamp. 1 very well
remember his first efforts. He woro very curly,
shaggy, long locks and was not very particular
about the cut nf his coat. There was an inimit
able waggishncss about his tnannor. The boys,
and some of them pretty old st that, uso to feel
the symptoms of a 'shake' in the sides and epc
rienoe groat difficulty in the effort to keep the
muscles of the face In order, even when they saw
him at a dlstanrtv Hut In his lectures hs man
aged to keep his hoarers pretty well slirred up.
Those who Were seated with til tn In the stand
would often feel the force of his muscular logic.
He. would in (on go through all manner of mo
tions, hitting right and left. On one occasion In
the eftort to attract the attention of the people,
he turned around and in a playful war ran his
flagors through the hair or a tlislingnlslien uut
Tory sober faced dlvlno. Hut, to his cnnslerna"
lion, his fingers b.'came cnlanglod In the Rever
end gentleman' wig so that ha pulled II ohT en-
lire and exposed a bald head. This) sleight nf
hand movement rxcited much laughter, and
r.road axo" not having anticipated such a result,
fell considerably embarrassed. Rut he soon
regained his wonted seifpnsseasion, and turning
towards lliu bald-headed notable, he said in his
peculiar inimitable droll way, "my dear sir, I beg
your pardon, Pdid not know that your skull-cap
was loose." Thecffcct was electrical. The whole
audience broke out into roars of laughter. There
were some, howover, who attended his lectures,
who laughed out of the other aide of their mouth.
While he ever spared the drunkard, ho hewed the
drunkard linker most unmercifully. It was his
custom tn hire whiskey Sellers to tnko a scat on
the stand. If they could stand the edge of his
n.e to theond of the lecture without wincing ho
paid them promptly. Uut his blows often started
blood. The proprietors orjsalooiis and rum boles
threw at him "eggs that had lust their health,"
and sometimes threatened to shoot him. Once
or twice he waa pretty roughly handled, but for
tho most pari escaped nil harm. Soma thought
thnt although his le:turi'S wero thronged, they
were too olownish to bo useful Rut there was
"method in his madness" which an attentire
hearer could not fail tn see. His questions were
well put, and his illustrations were all to the
point. Many of his hearers well remember his
story of "How Betsy and I Killed; the Hear
when Pal saw the boar coming Into the door of
his hut, lit forgot lha buby m the cradlo and
climbed up for dear life upon one of the beams.
Hut l!ot.-y bi' i.-d the axe and soon slaughtered
old bruin. While the conflict was going on, Pa
looked down from his safe retreat and cried nut
In high glee, Hire it to him BelFy. give it
him?" Pret'y siin after the light was over,
Pat m it one of his neighbors and in a consequen
tial nir, as If he had dona a great ttliiug, said,
Mid you hear limy P.utsr and killed tho bosr
Those only could feel the full force of the cut
who lived in the early days of.the temperance ro
form, when ministers, congressmen and justices
of the peace Reeking popnlniiiy, stood aha. f and
hid themselves till they saw the people shouting
temperance, nn 1 then joined' i n the huzzas and
cried out to the lop of their voices, "Did you
luar how llutsy ami kilbd the bear T To this
class of men "Broad axe" showed no mercy, kn(
bringing down his heavy blade directly upon
t'teir heads did somo rough .hew ing. In those
diys mm, mi t sum ji im s ivoin -n not often how
ever -bo it ever said to her credit drank iutox
icating liq uors because they rerily thought "it
did both soul and body goad," To convince the
people that they were taking poison, took a long
tune. Tins required closo, accurate work, llroad
axo comprehended tlie situation, and brought
ttis axr closo to the .line. He proved that rum
an! whisky an I the like, was the "Devil's dye
stuff." "It I. umed ihe drunkard's stomach, col
ored his nose, put snakes in ids boots, fuddled
his brains, stole hi purse, clothed him with nigs,
made him dance tlie delirium tremens to', the
djvil's music, threw him into the ditch, the wife
of his bosom and bis little ones wero afraid
him he stole the food out i f their mouths
rum, whipped abused aud murdered them,"
short he would say, when the devil wants any
body to do a wicked or mean thing, he gives
them a dose of his dye stutf. Aud then after
has tormented s poor fellow snd ltd him around
by the nose all his life time, he sends him to the
drunkard's grave and the drunkard's hell.
After a course of lectures in which be con
vinced his hearers thst they were really drink
ing this admixture of the devil's getting up,
gave notice that he would burn up what the gro
cers hadon hand. Iu the evening lie mounted
the cart on which the whisky barrel had been
brought near the church, aa I gave orders to
it on fire. As the Haines ..rose he pointed with
his finger to the barrel snd cried out to the peo
ple, see here, "the devil's dye stuff burns blue,'
no wonder it gives the drunkard the "blues" and
makes everybody and everything look "blue.'
The next step was to repeal the license law.
Then to pass a law forbidding the sale of intox
icating drinks tohabiliul drunkards and minora.
Tlie next step was to induce the people- to exe
cutothelaw. Finding that Ibis law did
wholly meet the evil, he secured the passage
the present Ohio Liquor Law, which holds' traf.
fiekers and the premises on which the sales
made, responsible for the damages caused
the use of I ho liquor.
IIu recently in'ormed me that ho was trying
to secure the passage of a law which will com
pel the drunkard to giro in his testimony as
where he bought Ihe "devil's dye stuff.
May our llroad uxu preserve its keen edge
and swing triumphantly till the last chip is hewn
iifi'and the old block is fairly hewu and made
tur the Guod Templur s use.
ONE OF THE BOYS.
The Michigan Sufferers.
The Ladies Aid Society nf this place has received-the
following oflicial instructions from
tlie Statu Relief Con unit to
HKAmjt'ARTFHS Stats Ckntrai.1
Rki.ikf Cosimittkk.
Dsthoit, Noy, 2, 1871.
The Plate Central Relief Committee for
Eastern portion of Michigan would stale that,
owing to the veu liberal and lirompt resfainse
our cull, that we now have clolhinjr sudieieiit
supply uur district. We still are in w ant
money and provisions. Unless Ihe latter can
forwarded so that they can reach us within
next ten days we would prefer the money, as
are obliged to provide supplies to last for
least six months, and whip them during the 'next
twenty days, ns we cannot rcuch our distribu
ting points after navigation closes. Ariieles
most needed are floor, pork beans, onions, pota
toes, Ac. C. M. GARRISON, Churmaii:
Since their last report the Ladies Aid Society
have roceired the following
A. O. Williams A Urn,, 15 pairs shoes and
package clothing; Geo. llufl'iuau, $1 j Mrs. Hatch
dried fruit.
A Man Kills his Brother-in-Law.
The Tippecanoe City llrmUl last week furnish,
ed near three columns nf particulars concern
ing a stabbing nflray In that village on Ihe Sat
urday night pruvioiu, in which Gkohuk Haht
stabbed snd almost instantly filled John
Abton, his borther-iu-law. The following testi
mony of one ol the witnesses tells plainly
old story of the victims being prepared for such
ds ds in the tippling saloons
Win. Neal testified Knew both parlies. Saw
them first at Carles Hotel about nine p.
They were driukinz. Took Hill Aatoii from sa
loon, Georgo following us. Left Mill and George
together, they starling back lo Carle'. John
Aston and Hart came to Miller's toirelher. John
was eairor for a fuss and coiniiieticed abusing
John Miller, called John ami lieoriru
drank beer together, then went out by the lamp
post. Aston rain: lit llarlbr the collar anil start
ed homeward. Heard Aslon tell him lie would
whin him again. Si vJo'iu strike at him two
or three times, near Clark's stable. They had
hold of each oilier. Aston was vicious when
drunk, John was protty diuiik.
The Ikrubl says The too frequent Satur
day n'glit rowdyism, drunken brawls, and oth
er disorderly cotiduct, which culniiuaL'd in the
killing of Jolm Aston, has arousud.a feeling in
this community Uut nuy lead to good results
It is quite frooly ssserted thatjour village offi
cers are derelict and partial in the discharge
their duty, and when the thing go too far are
spasmodically vigorous In arresting tho least
juiliy viul.ilorsol'ljw an I order."
j
J
to
V
of
for
in
he
he
set
not
nf
are
by
to
tit

the
to
to
of
be
the
we
at
1
Ihe
ra.
or
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
h CHAMPNEY.
Phcrnix Ulock,
pmiiiYHnaiio, 0., t
Dealer la
Druggists Sundries,
Fancy Goods, &c.
Prescriptions Carefully Compounded at All Hotira.
l'Ai.vr.
Lead, Tarnishes, Fancy Colored snd Tubs
Paints, and all kinds of Dry Paints. -UlttJSIlUS.
Paint. Varnish, Striping, Tooth, Kali, Flesh
nair, ncruu, More suit vv lutuwssli.
Trimscs, Slirmoy Skill, Spoil
ges, aiut rocket tnlleiy.
OILS.
Linseed. Lard, Snnrm, Tanners, Fish, Neale
Foot, Western Virginia, Pnrraline, Oolden, Cat
bou, Oil Turpentine, Rosin, Tar and Oil Mesh
TOILET AUTI(LI,.
n.ilr Oils, Perfumery, Toilet Soaps, Ac.
Lamps', Chimneys and
Lamji Trimmings.
Ca'i'ornia Wine. Old Port, and a well-selec
ted .Stock of Pure Liquors, for medical use only
Sugar.", Tea;, Coffee, Spice?,
And many ullier articles that enter into daily
use lu lliu lainliy.
Books and Periodicals.
In addition tn my Stock of Drugs, Medicines
Ac, I have added School Hooka, Stationery
mid reriodicals, such as are usually sold in
.sews i'epois.
Toys, Candies, Nuts, &c. in large assortment.
Cull and examine stock. 29
"JnauostionaV.T tho bast sustained work
of theltini In tho World."
Harper's Magazmo.
.V'ifieet of ihe Vnn.
There are few intelligent American families
in which llitit'Ku's Magazine would not be an
appreciated and highly welcome guest. There
is no monthly Magazine nn Intelligent reading
family can less ufl rd to be viitut. Many
Magaiioes rj accumulated. IlAiirKit's is rd
iied. There is not a Magazine that is primed
which shuws more iutelliireut pains fxpended on
its articles and mechanical execution. There is
not a cheaper Magazine published. There is
not, confessedly, a m ire popular .Magazine in
the world. .Wie Kii'hm't oim.'eni.
A repository of biography and history, litera
ture, science and art 110041111 led banyoth.r
American pnhlicati 111. t'he volumes are aa
valuable 11s a mere work ot reference as any
rvclopt-irdia we (an place in our libraries.
H (itrxii's Maoa.inb is a record of travel every
where since the hour of its establishment. Liv
ingstone and tiordon t'uiiiming in Alrica, Strain
among the An les and ltoss Itmwne in the Kaat,
Spt-kn on the Mle and Maciiregor on the Jordan
indeed, all recent travellers of note hare seen
their im at impoit uit discurei iea ro rodueed in
these pages. Most of our younger mid many ol
ou.'oi(i-r writers tuiu here llieir literary biogra
phy. Our arti-ts see tho best evidences of iheir
LOiins and tlie mist enduring specimens .of
Ih'ir work in the Slagiziue. -V. 1". .Slamltirtl.
It iso le of the wonders of journalism the
el.tor.al ui nagementof II Aiiriu's. 7ie.Yit'ua.
suiisck irrioxs lsra.
Terms:
nARPSR's Maoaiins.oiio year $4 00
An ICxtra Copy of either the Mauazixk,
Wkkei.y, or Haz ik n il! be supplied gratis for
eve yCiubof Kivs Si-DaciuuitiM at 1 Oil each,
in one remittance or, Six Copies fur 920 Ol1,
without extra copy.
Subscriptions to llAnpnu's Mao izink, Wkik
l.r, and Hazau. tn one address for one rear, $111
00; or, two of II AHi-Ka's Periodicals, to one sd
drefs lor onn year, tl 00.
llsck Numbers rsn tie supplied at any time.
A Complete Set nf Hakfkk's Maoazinb, now
comprising 41 Volumes, in neat cloth binding,
will he sent by express, freight at expense of
purchase r, for $2 25 per volume. Siiule vol
umes, by mail, postpaid, .l 0(1. Cloth ca.-es,
tor binding, 53 cents, by mail postpaid,
The postage on IIaki-kh's Mauaziss is 21
cents a year, which must be paid at the sab-
sciiber's post nfliee.
Address HARPER 1IROTHER3, !f. Y.
'A Complete
Pictorial
History of the
"Tho best, cheapest, ani mart rac:o:sful
Family Taper ia the Uaion."
Harper's Weekly.
SPLENDIDLY ILLUSTRATED.
JVotiVr. 0 Ihi Pre,
The Model Nnv.-ni'iit of our country. Com
plete in all the d-pntlm-nH of an Aineritan
Family Paper, II AHPKR'a Wri-blt has earner!
for it-aelf a right to its tide. A Joi sisal or
ClvlUVsmoN," .Vie I'.rt Hiuiwi I'imt.
The best publication of in class in America,
anil so lar abend ol all other weekly journals as
not to permit of any comparison between it and
nnr ol their unmber. Its columns contain the
finest collections of reading matter that are nria
led. Its il'ns'rnlions are nnmurons and lirnn-
lilnl, being furnished by the chief artists of the
Country. ...ou Trtinurr.
Hahi-kh's Wkkkly is the best and most inter
eating illustrated newapaiier. Nor does its ral
ue depend 00 ils illustrauims alone, llsre.dinff
nutter is of s high onli-rnf literary mc-r it -varied.
in-lrnctre. entertuulug, and unexceiHioosble
.V. 1". iV.11.
SUR3CKII ITO:VS.-1872.
Tcrmw i
HnirsVs Wekxi.v. one year $4 0D
An Kxtia Copy of eiiln-r the Magazins. Wikk
I.Y. or iIazar will bi snrmlird irratis for every
Club of Kivs Srasc-Kiiii'Rs at $4 IN) earh, in one
remittance: or, Mix Copies for $20 00, willtoal
ex'ra copy.
Subsciiptinns tn 'IIarmr's Maqarixr,
WriKt.v, and IIazar, In o .e address for one
year, $10 00; two ol IIaiibkr's Periodicals,
one suitress lor one year, 11 nil.
Rack Numbers can be supplied at any time.
Tho Annual Volrmes of II Aiu-Kii's WsRKI.r,
In neal cloth burning, will be sent by express,
free or exiiense, lor o'l each. A complete
Net, comprising Fifteen Volumes, sent on receipt
of cash al the rate of 2J per vol., freighrt
expense 01 purchaser.
The poatage on IIakpkk's Wihut U 20 rents
a year, which must be paid at tlie subset iber's
post-olliee.
Address HARPER A IIR0TIIER9, New York.
"A Eeposltory of Fashion,
Instruction.'
Pleasure, ani
Harper's Bazar.
Xttire nf the Prete.
It is really the only illustrated chronicler
fashion in the country. Its supplements alone
sre worth the subscription price of the paper.
While fully maintaining its position as a mirror
of fashion, it also contains stories, poems, brill
iant essays, besid! ceneral and persoaul gossip.
Ihmt'tH &titnrtliiy Ecrniwj Gix tte.
There never was any paper published that
delighted the hesitof woman. Never mind il
does cost yon a new bonnet it will save you ten
limes the price in the household economy
teaches. 'roeioeiiee Journal.
The young lady who buys a ainrle number
11 1 m-Rii s itAXAU is matte a subscr.ber fur life.
iV. 1. Krtmntj Pott.
The Bazar is excellent. Like all the tier.
lodicals which the Harpers publish, it is almost
ideally well edited, and the clasa of readers
w hom it is intended the mothers snd daiie-h
ters in average families can not but profit by
good sense and good taste, which, we hare
doubt, are In-day making rery many homes
happier than they may hive been before the wo
men began taking lessons in personal and house
hold and locial management from this inod-ua-
tureu mentor, i ne .ofooi, .v. 1
SUUCItll'TIOVS-18T!,
Terms I
II ahtkh's Raxar, one year M 00
An l'.xtra Copy nf either Ihe Mauaxinr,
Wsftti.Y, or IIazar will be supplied gralis fur
every Club of Kivs Si-bsohiiirks at tt 0(1 each,
in one remittance or, Six-Copies fur $20 00,
without extra copy.
Subscriptions lollancsa's Maoazini, Wskk
LY, and IIazar, to one address forono yeur, f 10
00 i or. two, of Harper's Periodicals, to oas ad
dress for one year, (7 00.
Hack Numbers can besuppliod at any time.
The four rnlumos of II Ahrsu's HaiaR, for Ihe
years 'GO, 70, '71, elegantly bound la
green morocrn cloth will be sent by express,
freight prepaid, for $7 00 each.
The poatage on llAKmu't Hazar Is 10 cents
year, which must be paid at the subscriber's
post-office.
Address HARriitt Jk UROTHEKS, New Yolk.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
"V
This Space is
FOR
1. J. Parks k Cos
ADVERTISEMENT.
HOUSTON BLOCK, PEKKYSI5UKG.
Full Particulars Next Week.
Left Vacant
to
at
nf
so
it
it
nf
its
nn
a
AGKNTi WANTED
Everywhere,
To c7 the most popular work ev
er before introduced to the
American Public.
THE GREAT CONFLAGRATION
CHICAGO,
Its tart, rssssNT, and ittcri.
the nitinix. pRomir.m and rksclts
Or THE OREAT CHICAUO CON
FIGURATION, With graphic scenes, incidenta, and details of
the disaster. Lists of Ihe principal Uankera.
Manufacturer, and Merchants who srs loosrrs.
A complete picture of Chicagu before and alter
the fir. The Trade and tlommarce of Chicago.
Details nf its Municipal Affairs, and the tireat
Fire of Ihe World.
The statistics of the Fire Department, with a
description f Ihe Wonderful Water Works.
Description of the Sewerag. paring and build
ing materials. Th extraordinary marvel nf the
Rirer running up stream. The number, loca
tion and mod of operating tha Oraln Eleratora.
History aud deaeriplion of the famnue Stock
Yards. The number of Railroads, the Lake
Trade and Coinmrrr.
From personal observations by
GEOUGE P. UPTON.
(Peregrine Pickle.)
Literary Elitor fltieojo Tribune.
AND
JAMES W. SHEAHAN,
fUittr of Ckiengo Tribune.
A book of 350 pages, illustrated bv th. best
artists, and will be worthy of the confidence of
all.
Price In extra Cloth and Gilt. $3 SO. Will be
sent by mail, nn recsipt of price.
This work aan only be obtained from the Pub
lisher ormm their regularly authorised agents,
as it is sold exclusively by aubscription, and
cannot be obtained from any book stores In the
United States. Address,
C.VIO.V PUBLISHING CO.,
J Ui Twenty-second st, Chicago.
ao to
F. R. MILLER CO S
And look at their
GREAT STOCK
OF
Particulars next week.
HEW GOODS.
WORK AND PLAY.
INSTRUCTION with amusem-nt. The best
1 Cheapest, and most popular Magaxine for the
home. UnlySI WW iivr yi'nr. Ihe orcupa
tion, amusements and instruction nf the whole
family's speciality, sew (lames, H .me Amuse
minis. IiislrurtiveSkulches. Drawing Lessons
splendid Putzles and beautiful OilChromos are
prominent features in this original Magazine.
Inquire for it at the news rooms, or send ten
cents lo the Publishers for a sample copy, with
the most liberal list ever otfered for clubbing
Willi all the popular Magaxines. Splendid pi e
niiuiiK and cash commissions offered to ladies
who secure clubs.
HILTON 1IRADI.ET A CO., Puhlighers.
27 tSi-uiKUKixLO, Mass.
N. W. EDDY,
Dealer in
Hats, Caps, Furs, Robes
AND GENTLEMEN'S
Furnishing Goods,
119 Sammit St .Toledo, Ohio.
LADIES FANCY FURS
A SPECIALITY.
A Large Stock of the diff--r.nl kinds alwars
on band, and at Terr low prices.
Beautiful Irnilue St Is.
Good lloal Miak Sets from 10 00
Alaska Mink Sots 4 00
Plain Husk Rat Seta 3 50
French Coney Seta 3 50
Russian, Filch, Liberian Squirrel, Seal, As
trican, and Iceland Lamb all at prices 25 pir
cent less than last season,
Ir?"t'all at 119 Summit Street and be con
vinced. 23zi
POIl
NEW GOODS
AND
New Styles
ao to
W. J. HIT0HC00K S.
For the Best Stock of
dress aooi
In the market, go to IIITCIICOCKS
If vou Want Good
Black or Fancy Silks,
GO TO IIITCIICOCK'S.
If you want the Best
Blact Alpaca, for tlie Least Money,
Get the Celebrated
"Buffalo" Brand,
AT IIITCIICOCK'S.
Wo have Alpacas, nil colors, at 25 cts,
to one dollar.
We have Lawns, Muslins, and Cam
brics, at 12 to 50 cents.
Shallics and Dclancs at 18 to 20 cts.
Best Scotch and Domestic Ginghams,
15 to 30 cots, at IIITCIICOCK'S.
Good Prints from 8 to 12 1-2 cts. at
IIITCIICOCK'S
Cloth,
Cassimeres,
Janes and
Cotton ades.
Very Cheap at.
niTonoooK's.
Carpets and Oil-Cloths
Below Toledo Prices at
IIITCIICOCK'S.
READY-MADE CLOTHING,
HATS CAPS.
A good stock and cheaper than any
where in Northern Ohio, at
IIITCIICOCK'S.
We havo a splendid Stock of the
.Latest btyles and best make of
Ladles Chiiaren's Shoes Gaiters
ALSO
FINE BOOTS, SHOES GAITERS
For Men and Boys.
Call, and you will be convinced that
TIME ANI) MONEY
la Lost in going" to Toledo or else
where to
Buy Goods with the Cash.
W. J. IIIT1IICGCH.
i
TOLEDO ADVERTISEMENTS.
One Price Glothier,
lias the Largest and Cheapctt Stock of Clo
thing, Gents Furnishing Goods, Hats, Caps, &c.
in the City. Clothing
153 Summit Street,
A. M. GRAFF.
NEW YORK.
107
We
arc now
FOR
F A Ij Ij
respectfully nollcitan tnepeciloii lliereof. Oumtock ofDrfsi
iol9 and sliuwlN will be f ound ioui)nn in rxli nt mid ta
rlety our puat efforts In these dcpuriiiicnts, while our vcrjr
complete block, of
FLANNELS,
WATERPROOFS,
MUSLINS,
PANTS GOODS, &c&cf
hnve been selected with due cure for service, nnd nt ntifectry prices. Ow
ing to the fact thttt mir Mr. CJK A FF will lifter this remde nt Kew York, by which
meiini we will ut nil times receive the newest (leHlgu n i.,ry nppenr. nud at
the same time cnn'jle him to keep us docked with Jim l.nla nt tery altrnctira
prices. Wo invite the rritienl inspection ol mir stock by the connimera of Pff
Good. AIo retniler will find it to thoir
pleased to offer them mnny milucemcuts.
cation to nuy pnrt of the country.
One Price Only,
IX FLUX
A. Bff.
Proprietors.
POPULAR Ml PRICE
Dry Goods House!
107 SUMMIT STREET
Toledo, Ohio.
THE ONLY
0.0
IN TOLEDO.
A. P.
Has always on hand a Large Assortment of the fol
lowing Goods:
Shawls, in Paisley, Otliman Repps and Bengal Stripes.
Silks, a Laige Lino in Black nnd Colored.
Dress Goods, Domestics and t lanrfels, a Splendid Line.
Ladies, Cents and Children's Underwear.
Ribbons, Laces, and Hosiery, a Speciality.
Notions, Everything a Lady may Want,
AND STRICTLY ONE PRICE.
Givo mo a Call cto soo for Yourself.
Remember tho Address,
A.
Summit
No. 121
Made to Order.
TOLEDO, 0.
P. A. PHILLIPS,
TOLEDO.
opening
THE
UAN,
interest tn chII upon iia. n we shall b
Samples cheeilully setit upon applu
Which is Harked
FIGURES.
.AFF CO.,
STRICTLY
P. STEWART,
Street, TOLEDO,
STOKE
W. NIUHjLS CO,
Dealers In
Clocks, Watches, Jevelry,
aLao
OPTICAL INSTItUMEKTS.
V.y Glasses and Spectacle, specially aiiitod
In defective i(;lit. Clncka, Watches Jewnlrf
repaired In atlioroujrlily wnrkirenlike maimer,
on ulinrl nnlice, anl all work Warranted.
liTOId (told &.ilrerbought atonrkel ralu.
8 I'errr St., uenr American llouie.
TOLEDO, OHIO.
BOOTS SHOES,
the best cuntuui-ni iikeu, in rarietr al
J BEACU'S.
22m
il.
137
era
full

T. Cook. Wm. Walcutt
HENRY T. COOK CO.
DKALKNI IN
fatcta, Diamonds, Fine Jewelry,
Solid Silver i Silver Plated Ware. ClwLUr.
Sum nit St. TOLEDO, OHIO.
Watches, Clocki and Jewelr.r carefully
lieimirud and Warranted.
Floral Guide for 1872.
COXTAIMNO aeventt-two pagei and Two
Hbu'tikui. Colokrd VlkTlH nt ft j illua
trated, fing plain direciiona fur the cultiva
tion of nearly THOUSAND VARIXTIta of flow,
and Vegetables. Full bound with yenr
name in tilt, poat paid, in Norember, tO eta.
I'aiier mrer anJ one colored plat. 5 eta.
OATALOQl'B or BAMOT BVI.BI AND FD for
hl.Llln. 1
re.uj auu aeni iree 10 an ap
plicants. AUdreaa,
M. G. KFVNOI.ns.
Jtocheater, N. V.