lit tr
t
la Memoriaui.
.OI the following poem George D. Prentice said:
One might almost wish to die if he knew that so
t beautiful a tribute as this would be written to his
memory.”
a'rfht'i
a'lH"
nt f*
■T. S tti.
On the bosom of a river,
Where the sun unloosed its quiver,
And the starlight gleamed forever.
Sailed a vessel light and free.
Morning dew-drops hung like manna
On the bright folds of her banner.
And the zephyrs rose to fan her
Softly to the radiant sea.
j *>'J
•ii v-'. At her prow a pilot beaming
In the flush of youth stood dreaming,
ii ;i 4 And he was in glorious seeming
>»a Like an angel from above.
.»is" Through his hair the soft breeze sported,
ft», -t. And as on the wave he floated,
Oft that pilot, angel-throated.
Warbled lays of hope and love.
i
tfof.
4*>
■I
ifey1.>
i f*
****f
%iL..
Through those locks so blithely flowing.
Buds of laurel bloom were blowing,
And bis hands anon were throwing
Music from a lyre of gold.
Swiftly down the stream he glided,
Soft the purple wave divided,
And a rainbow arch divided,
On its canvas’ snowy fold.
Antious hearts with fond devotion, 1
Watched him sailing to the ocean.
Prayed that never wild commotion
Midst the elements wonld rise.
And he seemed some young Apollo,
Charming summer winds to follow,
While thewater-ttagB’ carol
Trembled to bis music sighs.
But those purple waves enchanted.
Rolled beside a city haunted
By an awful spell that daunted
Every comer to the shore.
Night-shades rank the air encumbered,
And pale marble statues numbered
Where the lotus-eaters slumbered.
And awoke to life no more.
Then there ruahed with lightning quickness
O’er his face a mortal sickness.
And the dew in fearfnl thickness
Gathered o’er his temple fair.
And there swept a dying mnrmur
Through the lovely Southern summer,
As the beauteous pilot comer
Perished at that city there.
Still rolls on that radiant river,
And the San unbinds his quiver.
And the starlight streams forever
On its bosom as before.
But that vessel’s rainbow banner
Greets no more the gay savanna,
And that pilot’s lnte drops manna
On the purple waves no more.
—The Prerrwton, SI Louu.
-f
I *«y»# -a 1-4 -sH
i!T von& J*'»i
-i-'-rr
*s How His Ship Came la.
This sketch, from tho pen of Don Piatt,
is equal to some of Mr. Dickens* finest
I ran acmes what first struckmeas a very
singular genius on my road from Springfield
to Boston. This was a stout, black-whis
kered man who sat immediately in front of
me, and who indulged from time to time, in
the most strange and unaccountable ma
noeuvres. Every now and then he would
get up and hurry away to tho narrow pas
sage which leads to the door in these draw
ing.room cars, and when he thought himself
secure from observation, would fall to laugh
ing in the most violent manner, and con
tinue the healthful exercise until he was as
rod in the face as a lobster. As we neared
Boston these demonstrations increased in
violence, save that the stranger no longer
ran sway to laugh, but kept his seat and
'il (shackled to himself, with his chin deep
down in his shirt-collar. But the changes
that these portmanteaus underwent! He
moved them here, there, everywhere; he
put them behird him, in front of him, on
ai/lA or him. He was evidently getting
ready to leave, but, as we were yet twenty
five miles from Boston, the idea of such
early preparations was ridiculous. If we
wi entered the city, then the mystery would
have remained unsolved, but the stranger at
hit became so excited that he could keep
his secret no longer. Some one must help
t -him, and as I was the nearest he selected
me. Suddenly turning, as if I had asked a
question, he said, rocking himself ,to and
i fro in his chair the meantime, and slapping
his legs, and breathing hard, Been gone
throe years Ah!” Yes, been in Eu
rope. Folks don’t expect me for six months
yet, but I got through and started. I tcle
rs. graphed them at the last station; they’ve
i:- got it by this time.” As he said this he
rubbed his hands and changed his port
manteau on his left to the right, and the
one on the right to the left again. Got a
j wife said L “Yes, and three children,”
he returned, and he got up and folded his
overcoat anew, and hung it over the back of
!i ii the t»at, You are pretty nervous over the
v matter, ain’t yon I said, watching his
fidgety mo\ entente. Well. I should think
so,’•he replied I liain’t slept soundly for
a week. And do you know,” he went on,
glancing around at the passengers, and
■peaking in a low tone, “i am certain this
train will run off the track and break my
nank before I get to Boston. Well, the fact
is, I have had too much good lnck for one
men lately. The thing can’t last, tain’t nat
ural «i*t it should, you know. I’ve watched
it First ittrains, then it shines, then it
fim again. It rains so hard you think its
never goingtostop; then it shines so bright
yon think it’s always going to shine; and
just as you are settled in either belief, you
aro knocked over by a change, to show you
that you know nothing about it.” “Well,
according to that philosophy,” said I, “you
will continue to have sunshine because you
are expecting a storm.” It’s curious,” he
unturned, but the only thing which makes
me think that I will get through safe, is be
cause I think I won’t.” Well, that is cu
rious,” said L “Yes,” he replied, “I’m a
machinest—made a discovery—nobody be
lieved in it; spent all my money trying to
bring it out-—mortgaged my home—all went,
f Everybody laughed at me—everybody but
my wi.e—spunky little woman—said she
would work her fingers off before I should
give it up. Went to England—no bettor
there; came within an ace of jumping off
London bridge. Went into a shop to earn
1 money enough to come home with there I
met the man I wanted. To make long story
short, I’ve brought £80,000 home with me,
-j. aaff here I am.” Good for von 1” I ex
claimed. “Yes,” said he, “£30,000 and
the best of it is, she don’t know anything
about it I’ve fooled her so much, that I
just concluded I would my nothing about
this. When I got my money, though, yon
better believe I struck a bee-line for home.
And now you will make her happy,” said
4 L Happy 1" he replied, why, you don’t
know nnything about it. She worked like
a dog while I have been gono, tryingtosup
JpktUaig.
port herself ana her children decently. They
paid her thirteen cents spieoe for making
coarse shirts; and that's the way she’d live
half the time. She’ll como down there to
the depot to meet me in a gingham dress,
and a shawl a hundred years old, and she’ll
think she’s dressed np. Oh, she won’t have
no clothes after this—oh, no, I guess not f
and with these words, which implied that
bis wife’s wardrobe would soon rival Queen
4
m
l
it: n
EH
m
Victoria’s, the stranger tore down the pas
sage way again, and getting in his old oorner,
whore ho thought himself ont of sight, went
through the strangest pantomime, laughing,
putting his mouth in the drollest ahapes,and
then swinging himsalf back and forth in the
limited space, as if he was walking down
Broadway a full-rigged metropolitan belle.
And so on till we rolled into the depot, and
I plsced myself on the other car, opposite
the stranger, who, with a portmanteau in
hand" hid descended and was standing
on the lowest step, ready to jump to the
etform. I looked from his faoe to the
e* of the people before us, but saw no
signs of recognition. Suddenly he cried,
'‘There they are,” and laughed outright,
but in a hysterical sort of a way, as he loosed
over the crowd. I followed his eyes and
saw, some distance back, as if crowded ont
ami shouldered away by the well-dressed
and elbowing throng, a little woman in a
faded dress and a well-worn hat, with a face
almost painful in its intense but hopeful ex
pressions, glancing rapidly from window to
window as the coaches glided in. She had
not yet seen the stranger; but a moment af
ter she caught his eye, and in another in
stant he had jumped to (he platform with
his two portmanteaus; and making a hole
in the crowd, pushing out here and there,
and running one of his bundles plump into
the well-developed stomach of a venerable
old gentleman in spectacles, he rushed to
ward the place where she was standing. I
think I never saw a face assume so many
different expressions in so abort a time as
did that of the little woman while her hus
band was on hia way to her/ She didn’t
pvA pretty. On the oontraiw, aha looked
very plain bat someway I felt a big lamp
vtm in my throat as I watched Inr. Hhe was
Irvine to laugh, but, Qod bless her, how
ffjffiplstnly She failed in the attempt! Her
mouth got into the position, bat it never
mowed alter that, save to drawdown
and quiver, while she blinked her
eyes so that I
sional glimpses of th‘eJ
low who elbowed his way so rapidly toward
her. And then, as ho drew near, and
dropped those everlasting. portmanteaus,
she just tusded completely round, with ;her
back toward him, and covered her fcee with
her hands. And thus she was when the
strong man gathered her up in his arms as
if she had been a baby, and held her sobbing
to bis breast. There were enough gaping
at them, heaven knows and I turned my
eyes away a moment, and then I saw two
boys in threadbare roundabouts standing
near, wiping their eyes and noses on their
little coat sleeves, and bursting out auqw at
every fresh demonstration on the pari of the
mother. When I looked at tho stranger
again, ho had his hat drawn down over liis
eyes; hut his wife was looking up at him,
and it seemed as if the peut-up tears of
those weary months of waiting were stream
ing throngh her eyelids—The Capitol.
Shoes for Women.
BY DB. 1)10 LEWIS.
Within three Mocks of my Boston rest
dence there are eleven corn doctors. Some 1
of them employ a number of operators, and
do an immense business. A large majority
of adults, among the better classes, suffer
from corns, or other maladies of the feet.
Walking, the best of all exercises, would bo
indefinitely increased if our feet were
healtby.
Prompted by sufferings in my own person,
and by sympathy with tho sore-footed crip
ples about mo, I have studied, this subject
of the feet with much care and interest.
Let me give you the result of my observa
tion and thought: The sole is too narrow!
It has long been suspected that a narrow
soul was the great trouble in this world. I
am sure all, or nearly all, eomes from a too
narrow a sole.
My friend Mrs. C., on reading tho chapter
in “Our Girls” devoted to “Boots and
Shoes,” came to say that although she was
a great sufferer from corns and a genertd
sore and crippled condition of feet, her
shoes, were, nevertheless, enormous, twice
autarge as her feet. She wished I would see
if it was not so. I examined the shoes and
agreed with her that they were too large. As
she stepped, it was doubtless true, as alie
said, that her foot rocked over first on this
side-and then on that. Now it pressed over
on the outside, rubbing down over the edge
of the sole and touching the gronnd, and
perhaps, if the ground was at all uneven, on
tho very next step her boot would rock over
on the other side of the sole. 'Such frictjpn
between the little and tho big too joints
against theupper leather mast inevitably pro
duce corns. I think tho majority of shoes
are too large.
Mrs. O. wished me to accompany her to
the shoemaker’s, and see what I could do
for her relief, for really life was becoming a
torture. We went to her own shoemaker.
Cnrionsly enough, his name is Shoemaker.
Mrs. C. hobbled to a seat and declared
I won’t try to walk again, there
Her shoe was removed, and Mr. Shoe
maker marked around her foot, while site
was standing upon it. Wo measured the
mark and found that it was exactly four
inches. That was the width of her foot,
when she stepped on it, without a shoo.
Then we measured the sole of tho shoo she
had been wearing, and found it two and a
half inches. Hero was the secret of tho
whole trouble, ,:.Lr -J
A pair of shoes were made for her at once,
with the soles four inches broad.
Now"she can walk forhonrswithoutapain
in her feet.
There are millions of poor sufferers in the
country, who are limping and hobling
throngh the world, who might be perfectly
relieved and cured by the same means..
She Wouldn’t Marry a Mechanic.
A young man commenced visiting a ytmng
woman, and appeared to be well pleased.
One evening be called wben it was quite
late, which led the yonng lady to inqniro
where he had been.
“I had to work to-night.”
“What, do yon work for a living?” she
inquired in astonishment.
Certainly,” replied the young man, I
am a mechanic.”
“I dislike the nnme of a mechanic," and
•he turned up her pretty nose.
That was the last tune the young man
visited that young lady. He is now a wealthy
man, and has one of the best women in the
country for a wife.
The lady who disliked the name of a me
chanic is now the wife of a miserable fool—
a regular vagrant about grog-shops—and the
soft, verdant, silly, miserable girl is obliged
to take in washing, in order to support her
self and children.
You dislike the name of a mechauic, eh
You whose brothers are but well-dressed
loafers. We pity any girl who is so verdant,
so soft, as to think less of a young man for
being a mechanic—one of God’s noblemen—
a most dignified and honorable personage of
heaven’s creatnres.
Beware, young ladies, how yon treat
young men who work for a living, for you
may one day be a menial to one of them
yourself.
Far better to discharge the well-fed pau
per, with all his rings, jewelry, brazeuncss
and pomposity, and take to your affections
the callous-handed, industrious mechanic.
Thousands have bitterly repented their
folly who have turned their backs to honesty.
A few years have taught them a severe lesson.
Adroitly Hit.
A correspondent of the Herald and Pres
byter writing from Minnesota, tells the fol
lowing:
I have picked up o little story which I
think too good a reproof for distnbers of
the peace in churches, to be lost. A pre
siding elder of the United Brethren Church
was preaching in this same neighborliood,
and was much annoyed by persons talking
and laughing. He paused, looked at. tho
disturbers, and said, I am always afraid to
reprove those who misbehave in church, In
the early part of my ministry I made a great
mistake. As I was preaching, a young yuan
who sat just before me was constantly laugh
ing, talking, and making uncouth grimaces.
I paused and administered a severe relmke.
After the close of service one of the official
membors came and said to me, 1 Bro.
you made a great mistake. That young man
whom you reproved is an idiot.' Since then
I have always been afraid to reprove those
who misbehave in church lest i ribonld re
peat that mistake, and reprove another
During the rest of that service .at least there
pa* good ordf. §$Q’t CVU
Y
ry Blander* of 1Ib«1KUI^(^. i
If there is any defect more striking than
another in American character, it ia bash
fuhteua. Yenng America, in particular, is
painfully affected by it. An incident is
mentioned by a correspondent, who was do
aired by bis aunt to go over to oeighlsir
Shaw’s aad see if he had any straw for sale
for filling beds. “Mr. Shaw,” said onr in
formant, was blessed with a goodly nnni
ber of Misses Shaw, and I therefore felt a
little timid at encountering them. To make
the matter worse, I arrived just as the fam
ily were seated at dinner. Stopping at the
doorway, hat in hand, I stammered out:
Mr. Straw, can yon spare me enongli shaw
to fill a couple of beds?*
I “‘Well,’ replied the old gentleman,
glancing around at his large family, and en
joying my mistako, I don’t know but I can;
how many will yon need?’
Before I could recover, those hateful
girls burst into a chorns of laughter, raid 1
broke for home in a cold sweat.”
Keep the Heart Auvk I—The longer I
live, the more expedient I find it to endeavor
more and more to extend my sympathies
and affections. The natural tendency of
advancing yearn is to narrow and contract
these feelings. I do not mean that I wish to
form a new and sworn friendship every day,
to'increase my circle of intimates, these are
very different affairs. But I find that it
conduces to my mental health and happiness
to find out all I can which is amiable and
lovable in those I come in contact with, and
to make the most of it. It may fall very
short of what I was once ^ont to dream of;
it may not supply the place of what I have
known, felt and tasted, bnt it is better than
nothing. It seems to keep the feeling and
affections in exercise; it keeps the heart
alive in its humanity and, till we shall be
all spiritual, this is alike our duty and onr
interest.
Dahciko.—Dancing, as now conducted, is
one of the most prominent sources of sinfnl
pi cram re. This amusement is never useful,
and generally baneful in its results. Itisnot
conducive to health, with its late hours, its
late suppers, or its transitions from heated
baB-motw to the daifip and chilly air of
winter night. The assertion that dapeing
is necessary to secure ease and grace it aim
ply qenwpse. Qraoe is native-born, and
ease ondiMlf-posseesion are the result of ex
perience. True politeness is the develop
ment of a gentle heart and an unselfish soul,
la there refinement or maidenly purification
in the lascivious whirlings of the waltz The
sclioofof good manners is the school of fine
feeling.
Gypsies anil Hie Artist.
Till “Bohemians,” or, as we call them,
Gypsies abound in Caucasus; yet on the
third steppes they retain the same dis
tinctive characteristics that they do in Eng
land and on this continent. But they move
in small bands. Baggage of every variety
and description—beds and kettles und tents
—with the swarthy heads of the women and
children peering above the mass present a
curious tableau. A cloud of dust usually
marks the courso of the miserable proces
sion, out of which arise discordant sounds,
cries, and frightful oaths. Establishing
themselves in the neighborhood of a large
town, they ply their various vocations,—
chief among which aro horse-trading, theft,
and fortune telling. It is singular how this
strange, wandering people should uot only
arrogate to themselves the power to fore
tell the future, but everywhere find such
multitudes to believe them. Perhaps it is
their isolated wild life and mysterious ap
pearance that make them seem like beings
connected with the supernatural, and give
them such power over both men and wo
men.
A Russian traveler in his rambles throngh
Caucasus, came upon a band of these, and
made sketches of some of the most marked
characters. lie found that a little money
would secure a sitting, and he began bis
work. But lie hail only completed a few
faces beforo a rupture of a comical charac
ter occurred. One day the whole baud
crowded arouud him, loading him with re
proaches and heaping all sorts of appropri
ate epithets upon him. It turned out, that
the hand of ouo of tho band, whose por
trait he had sketched, had liecomo diseased,
and they leaped at once to tho conclusion
that some sort of poison had been inocula
ted in the process of taking tho likeness,
and they cried out as he appeared, You
are a demon—yon bring disease among us.”
They had no idea at first of the object of
the artist in desiring a sitting, or in fact
what bo was after—they thought ODly of the
pay they were to receive. But when they
saw the likeness of themselves produced 011
the paper, they were astonished, and looked
npon it as n species of necromancy. Tho
effect was ludicrous. Some, on seeing them
selves ns it were in a mirror, laughed out
right like children—others became suspi
cions as if tho devil or some other malign
influence had produced them in a manner
wholly unaccountable, and they would steal
silently away; and no bribe, not even the
strongest to them, “drink money,” could
tempt them book again. The beggars were
the most docile subjects.
Bnt who are these Bohemians or Gypsies,
and where did they come from? Havana have
in vain tried to answer this question. The
simple aud only well-known fact is, that
they are fonnd scattered over Enrope, Asia,
and even America, and that their physiog
nomy presents a type wholly exceptional to
the races they wander among, and seems to
point to a southern origin.
Hot liscliild’s Repartee.
liiiron James de Rothschild is uot bad at
repartoe. During the communist period in
Paris ho was one morning seated in his
cabinet, when two fellow* entered and asked
to be shown to Citizen Rot hschild.
HRenttamen” he said, What can I do
for yon
Well, this is w'»at wo have got to say
yon have millions of money, and the people
want bread so yon must share, or if not
“Share? Very well. How many aroyon
in France
Perhaps thirty millions.”
And how much money do yon suppose
I have
Say a hundred and fifty millions."
“Well, then among thirty millions that
makes five francs a head. You are two;
here are ton francs for you, and now we are
quits.”
The men were so confounded by the ar
gument, and by the rapidity with which the
whole incident occurred, that they took the
money and disappeared.—Christian Union.
The Fiirrr of Thought.—Alexander Ham
ilton once said to an intimate friend Men
give me some credit for genius. All the ge
nius I have lien just in this When I have
a subject in hand, I study it profoundly.
Day aud night it is before me. I explore it
in all its bearings. My mind becomes per
vaded with it. Then the effort which I make,
the people are pleased to call tlte fruit of
genius. It is the fruit of labor and thought.
A ijotuhek undertook to explain to a
village audience the word phenomenon.
May Iks you don’t know whnt a phenome
non is. Well, I'll tell you. You have seen
a cow, no douht. Weil, a cow is not a phe
nomenon. You have seen an apple-tree.
Well, an apple-tree is not a phenomenon.
Rat when you see the cow go up the trite
tail foremost, to pick the apples, it is a phe
nomenon.”
Cjjilbrtn.
A Few Dou'tn.
If Xou are always threatening and never
punishing, don’t be surprised if your child
pays no regard to your threats. A friend
of mine was teaching. A sweet little girl
had an inveterate habit of whispering. She
was gently reproved several times. At
length my friend said to her, “I am vory
sorry to punish you, but I must, that you
may remember to stop annoying me. If
yon whisper again I shall not permit yon to
go out at recess, but sund yon out alone af
terward.” Hhe whispered. At recess the
teacher told her she must remain, and let
the rest go out. Hhe sat a couple of min
uter ,‘i
Miss Hat Lie, please may I go out now?"
No, my dear, not until the others come
in.”
She waited a minute or two, and, going
up to her teacher, put up her lips:
Please, may I kiss you, Mias Hattie?"
Miss Hattie kissed her.
Now, dear Miss llattic, jjeasc may I go
out?”,
“I am Very Horfyj darling, but I cannot
let you go. Don’t you rememlier I told you
you could uot go if yon whispered?”
Yes, Miss llattic, but my mamma she
sometimes—she. changes her mind.”
If you specially pride yourself on any
particular virtue, don’t flatter yourself that
yon possess it, for beyond a preadventure
it is the very one you most lack.
Raid a lady to me, Miss was hero
this morning wished Very much to tell me
about the trouble between-and-,
as she was in the family at the time, and
thinks Mrs.-has given a wrong ver
sion, but I refused to hear them, for I have
no douht altout Mrs.-’s story.
Isn’t Miss-trustworthy?”
As far as I know, she is. Rut though
I’ve ‘no religion to boast of,* I am very just,
miuti more than many Christians, and I
think it would l»o very unjust to Mrs
to listen to the other side. I never nllow
my judgment to lie warped by bearing both
sides on any subject.”
A Hnbbatli School Incident.
At a meeting in JSxeter Hall, London,
where there was a vast number of Sabbath
school children assembled, a clergyman
arose on the platform and told them of two
bad littlo boys whom he had once known,
and of a good little girl Whom he afterward
learned to know. This little girl had been
to Sabbath-school, where she had learned
tp do some good every day." Seeing two
boys quarreling, she went np to them, told
them now wickedly they were acting, made
them desist from quarreling, and in the end
induced them to attend Sunday-school.
These bovs were Jim and Tom. Now,
children,’’ said tho gentleman, would yon
like to see Jim?”
All shontod with one voice, Yea, yes!”
“Jim, get up,” said the gentleman, look
ing over to another part of the stage. A
reverend-looking missionary roso and lookod
smilingly upon the children.
Now, would yon like to see Tom?”
“Yes, yes!” resounded through all the
house.
Well, look at me—I am Tom, and I too
have Ibecn a missionary for many yean.
Now, would you like to sen littlo Mary
Wood?” 4 i
The response was even more loud and
earnest than before, Yes!”
Well, do you see that lady over there
in the blue silk bonnet—that is little Mary
Wood, and she it my wife."-~Canadia* 'Hap-
list.
Obituaries are not charged for; bnt they are
only accepted npon condition, that. If they are
not brief, the Editor is at full liberty to naake them
so by leaving out every thing that is not neces
sary to make known the religion* lift mud experi
ence Of the subject. Sentiment, poetry, and invo
cations not desirable. fhets—simple facts are want
ed—not such as are known to all the relatives and
only of interest to them—but such facts as to
character and life, as will Interest ten thousand
readers, utter strangers to the deceased. Obitua
ries will be cut down, till only such arc left.
They must be forwarded within three months of
the death of the subject, or they will, in no case,
receive attention.
The Editor will constder it a favor, if no one
will ask him to violate these rules either for favor,
or pay.
“Tributes of respect”—if brief—passed by an
nnal and quarterly Conferences of preachers and
Officers of the church, published gratuitously.
Others charged at the rate of one cent per word
—money always to accompany the copy.
Of little children nothing but a statement of
their death—for the information of distant Mends
—will be inserted.
Mrs. IIibbunia Lawbrnce Bkruv, wife of Wil
liam B. Berry, E9q., of Newnan, Ga., was bora
noth of November, 18117, and on October 4tb, ber
spirit passed to Its home In Paradise.
For months previous she had been extremely
feeble, her condition exciting in the minds of her
family and friends the gravest aj prehensions;
still tire sad event was not looked for so soon. To
her, however, her Muster's call was not a sur
prise. For years before, she had felt that her bold
u[>on life was relaxing, and she had lived dally
and hourly with reference to the solemn issue. 1
doubt if any one ever dies better prepifred than
she was. 81ie embraced religiou 31st July, 1857,
and joiued the Methodist Episcopal Church,
South, and from that day to the hour of her death,
her life was a beautiful illustration of her profes
sion of faith. Indeed, she had but few equals in
all the nobler qualities of mind and heart which
constitute that highest of all human characters—
a lovely Christian woman. Endowed try nature
with the highest mental gifts, she so cultivated
and improved them, that she became the pride of
her friends and the charm of the social circle.
She was especially distinguished for the maturity
of her judgment and tire soundness of her diserw
tion. Iler reading was select and varied, aud her
mind a treasury rich in its stores of choice and
useful learning. She had traveled much, and pos
sessed in a rare degree all the reflnements and
graces of the most cultivated and polished Socie
ty. Such was tire meekness of her spirit, the
gentleuefs of her disposition, the kindness of her
heart, the force of her character and the power of
her will, that she won without an effort all who
came within tire sphere of her lnllneuce. It was
the privilege of the writer to have known her
long and well, to have seen her through her years
of sickness and suffering when that most insidious
of all diseases, consumption, was undermining
her constitution aud robbing life of its vitality,
and from the closest observation, lie is well as
sured that no one ever bad a firmer and more
abiding trust In God, or a livelier conception of
Ilia acceptance of them Tlic promises of the
Bible were especially to ber sources of consola
tion and in their study she found never-failing de
light. Amid all the changing scenes of life, in
sickness or health, in sunshine or shade, she never
lost her faith in God, doubted bis goodness, or
questioned his incrcy. A model of Christian piety
and Christian excellence, no idle word ever es
caped her lips, no trivial action marked her con
Iier example, her influence, her whole life were
cloqueut as teachers Of practical piety aud con
vincing aa witnesses for the kingdom of Christ.
But she is gone, and while with sad hearts and
chastened spirits we mourn her loss, we give
thanks that she la with Him who hath the power
over pain, and sin and death.” Bhe leaves a fond
and devoted husband, one who, with all the ten
derness of a kind and loving heart, cured for her
every want a^d gratified her ever wish, and three
interesting children, an aged and afflicted mother,
and amnltl'ude of admiring friends to lament her
early death. Long will they remember the beanty
and consistency of her Christian character, and
the purity and holiness of her faultless life.
J. 8. B.
Mrs. Silvia Youmo, whose maiden name was
Tarver, was born in Burke, co., Gs., October 3d,
171)7, and, with licr parents, moved to Hancock
county, where, on the 20lh of March, 1810, she
was happily married to Rev. Enos Yonng, with
whom she lived in peaceful union for moro than
lifty-live years—having died suddenly in Dooly
county, where she had lived for tweuty-five years.
Bhe was converted in 1836, at home, on a Sab
bath afternoou, while her husband was singing
some of those sonl stirring hymns of the old
Mtthodist Hymn Book. She at once joined the
Methodist Church, and lived and died in its com
munion. She was a woman of very calm and even
temperament, yet many evidences' of a deep-felt
piety, and of the abiding presence of the Spirit of
God, were constantly visible in her life, and sbe'
was ready always, to give an answer to any tbat
might ask for a reason of Uie hope that was in
her, wiyi meekness and fear.” Such was the ex
cellency of the spirit she possessed, that her be
reaved husband can now say, If Bhe ever had an
eueiuy, I do uot know it.” Daring the last few
years of her life, her bodily afflictions were such
as to confine her very closely at home, and, which
she greatly regretted, prevented her from attend
ing Cliurclu Daring this time she had occasional
attacks of convulsions, which were sometimes so
severe as to greatly alarm her friends for her safe
ty, hut Bhe did not complain or appear to be dis
satisfied with ber condition; but was generally
bright and cheerful. In conversation with one of
her daughters, not long since, about tire change
that she knew must shortly take place, she said
that God had greatly blessed her, in answer to her
oft repeated prayers, in permitting her to live to
see all her children grown and provided Jor, and
now she was willing and ready to go at any time
the Lord might call her. ’Twas well, for the call
came suddenly, on 33d of September last, she had
a chill aliout eleven o'clock; the fever that fol
lowed continued till near two; and as the fever
subsided site was seized with a spasm, which, in
three minutes, put an end to her long and virtuous
life, at the advanced age of nearly sercuty-four
years. The shock fell heavily upon the whole
('•immunity, more especially upou ber aged hus
band and her cbildreu: but they monra uot as
those who have no hope. U.
Mrs. Saiiau Cokmki.ia Rowlanh, wire of Iluvul
K. Howland and daughter of Thos. II. aud Pa
tience Smith, was horn June Otb, 184!!, and died
of pulmonary consumption in Greee co., (it., Sep.
tcmlicr 13lh, 1871.
She had received religious instructions aud was
piously incliued from her childhood. When only
six years old her sister four years her senior,
joined the Church. Tills affected her much, and
although so young, she went immediately to her
mother aud asked permission to join the Church.
Site was asked why she wished to join the Church
Because," she replied, “I want to be good."
Iler mother expressed fears that she would not lie
good enough. "Yes, mamma," she replied,- “I’ll
lie just as good as I can." Her mother did not
eonseut, hut has never ceased to regret It. She
professed faith iu Christ and joined the Methodist
Kpiseopal Church, South, when about 'twelve
years old, and lived an exemplary life. She was
a kind neighbor, a faithful friend, a devoted wife,
and a true Christian. During the last five months
of her life sho suffered much, but never mnrmared.
She seemed willing to suffer, but for a while un
willing to die. This caused her friends much anx
iety for a time, but she assured us that she was
not afraid to meet Qod; bat dreaded the bitter
hour of parting from those whom she loved. She
was spared this parting pang, however, fur having
suid her last prayer in the midst of suffering, she
closed her eyes in sleep, and the Lord took her
spirit quietly away to himself and to her only
child—an infant which had preceded her a few
days to the better country. Prayer waa—
Her watchword at the gate of death,
Sho entered heaven with prayer.”
J. M. Louba v.
__
Maggie Amelia Mai.lxttb, eldest daughter of
Dr. J. A. and Mrs. M. J. Mallctte of Thomas co.,
Ga., died in Brooks co., Ua., at her uncle William
McAllister’s residence on 13th October, 1871, in
her 10th year.
8lie had gone to her uncle's ou a visit, to spend
a week with her aunt, and was taken sick, and
lived only four days. To loved ones,” it is
deep sadness to monra her early departure; but
to her, we believe, an inflolte joy to be spared the
sorrows of earth, and to enter so toon upon the
eternal life In heaven. Having had some doubts,
While in health, of her entire worthiness to he a
member of tha church, she had omitted to attach
herself to it; but from the evidence left, we are
satisfied she was prepared for the great charge.
Without being questioned at that time, yr the
subject being Introduced, ahe called laWP ancle
Davis and sahl to him, "tell aunt Julia," (who
waa then absent) good-bye for me. 1 am not
going to live much longer, bnt am going home."
A few momenta later she called mu, saying: 01
Pa, what a beautiful sight," pointing above her.
I leaned Over and naked her what she Mr. iter
reply was, my loving Jeans," She was a lovely
child, checrfol and obedient, the pride ef her
mother, the delight of her father, and loved by
all who knew her. A member Itat pear and a
put of this of the Sabbath-school class at Wesley
Chapel, Savannah, Georgia, of Mrs. Bev. G. G.
N, McDonnell, whom she loved and adored as a
mother. Good-bye by dear child for a season.
We jonrney on to meet yon. God help ns to be
faithful.. w Han Father.
Mr Anna. Stbabhs was born In Ogdcnsburg, N.
Y., and died of chronic dysentery in Enfautnj Ala.,
October 5tb, In the 61st year Of his age.
1 In early manliood he removed to Columbia, S.
C., where he was principally engaged in the mer
cantile business, in which capacity ho exhibited
untiring energy and the strictest Integrity. These
qualities of bis character never forsook him, bnt
marked every action of his llife, even under the
most trying circumstances. In early life, ho be
came a member of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, in which connection he remained to the
close of hia life; and, until his health became im
paired, he mis an active teacher in her Sunday
schools, and participated in all her plans of Chris
tian benevolence. In his domestic relations, ho
was called to mourn thelossof two amiable wives,
the former of whom left him two sons and two
daughters, and the latter, one daughter. In 1801,
he married again and removed to Alabama. For
several yearn his health had been feeble, and the
nature of his disease was such as to produce great
depression of spirits. Uis life was one of amia
bility and the strictest integrity; and his death is
lamented by all who knew him. He. was a kind
and attentive husband—a mild and affectionate
father—an agreeable and social relative and friend,
and a consistent Christian. lie has left a bereaved
widow, two sons and three daughters, and a large
circle of relatives and friends to mourn his de
parture bnt they weep not as though there were
no hope; for he knew in whom he had believed,
and was persuaded that lie was able to keep that
which be had committed to Ilim against the great
and final day. His mind was clear to the last, and
he expressed his confidence in his Ucdecnicr.
A. FitfKdn.
Hiss Anna Jane, eighth dnughtey of Stephen
and Susan Boswell, formerly of Pike co, Ala.,
was born August 29111, 18S0, aud died Septeniher
14Lh, 1871.
Slio joined the Methodist Episcoml Church,
South, in 1818, and front that time she lived a cou
i sklent Chr-kUau life. Nature very lavishly be
stowed upon her a lovely disposition, and the
grace of Cod adorning and beautifying what was
already amiable, presented in her u character
which made her an ornament in seciety. She was
an every-day Christiau lady, punctual in her da
lles at home, prompt iu attending the Sunday
school, ready at all times, when able, to visit and
nurse the sick, constant in supporting the minis
try, and tire institutions of the Church, especially
her benevolent enterprises, and uniform in tilling
her scat in the house of Cod on regular preaching
days. In a word, she exhibited that “charity
which never faileth,” “is not puffed up,” suffer
etli long, and is kind.” Iler affliction was pro
tracted, aud at times severe; but she endured it
all with submissive Christian meekness. Only a
short time before her dcAth, I conversed with her
upon her spiritual condition. She deliberately
told me that she had been prepared logo for years,
aud was patiently awaiting the time when Cod
should see lit to take her to rest. Thu Church
has lust one of its brightest jewels—but thank
Cod, heaven lias received an heir of salvation.
While relatives aud friends weep hero, angels re
joice above that she is safe.
W. F. Norton, P. C.
Mrs. Mai.inda Beai.i., daughter of Edward
Woodham aud widow of James Beall, was born
the 9th of October, 1795, and died in Monroe co.,
Ga., July 20th, 1871.
She professed religiou and joined the Methodist
Episcopal Church, South, in Green county, Geor
gia, when fifteen or sixteen years of age. During
her long life she was an acceptable member of the
Church. For a number of years before she died,
she had been the subject of such affliction as in
capacitated her for domestic duties. During this
licriud of her life she devoted herself to tire read
ing of the Bible, Wesley’s and Morris’ Sermons
and other good books. Her mind was well stored
with religious knowledge, aud her spirit was en
riched from the treasury of divine truth and grace.
Being in a comatose state upon her dying bed,
she talked but little of her prospects beyoud this
life. A few minutes before she died, she remarked
that, God had been good to her all her life, and
that she felt that he was still good to her." She
selected the following text to he used at her fu
neral, which evinced her knowlcge of the plan of
salvation and the intelligence of her faith Into
thy hand I commit my spirit; thou hast redeemed
me, O, Lord God of truth.” J. J. Singleton.
Mrs. Smitfi Perry was bom in Hancock co.,
tin February 1800, aud died at the house of her
daughter, Mrs. Georgia Ann Gardner, in Kuesell
co., Ala September 27th, 18r«l.
This excellent Christian lady was our neighbor
aud friend for more than twenty years—esteemed,
beloved. She was a member of the Methodist
Episcopal Church before our acquaintance. Her
religion was more than formal profession; she
knew God in the forgiveness of her sins, and in
the joy of his salvation. Her declining health for
several years prevented regular attendance upon
the services of the sanctuary; but her faith la
Christ was steadfast to the end. Through death
she has exchanged the Church, family, aud fond
associations of earth, for a home in heaven. She
was a devoted mother, whoso blameless life was a
daily commendation of the religion of Christ to,
her household, and all those who bad -knowledge
of her walk and conversation. She raised and
educated a large family of children most of whom
are members of tlie Church. All bless her memo
ry. May they follow her as she followed Christ
T. 11. Dawson.
Mrs. Ehknam Parkuk, wife of Wm. W. Par
ker and daughter of J. C. and Sarah Duck, was
bom September 18th, 1850, was married aiith of
December I860, died of billions fever September
15th, 1871.
She joined the Methodist Episcopal Church in
her 12th year, lived iu its; connection until her
death. She leaves a husband, and a babe eight
months old, uud many relatives and friends to
monrn her early death; but their loss is her eternal
gain. She left n bright testimony of her accep
tance with Uod, giving directions how she wanted
her babe early taught to love aud serve God. Her
father asked her while dying, if she still loved
Jesus, to which she replied, sho did, and with a
smile on her face, she said Jesus was in the room,
aud she saw heaven with all its beauty. Thus has
passed away one in the beginning of life in hope
of immortality. 8. R. Wravbh.
Jons W. Kino departed this life August 17th,
1871, In bis 38th year.
From childhood a follower of Jesus, be lived a
consistent Christian, and Ills end was peace. A
steward and class-leader in the Methodist Episco
pal Church, 8011th, he was faithful in Ills work for
the Church, and earnestly devoted to all her in
terests. lie prefened Jesnaalcm above his chief
joy, aud verily would he havo laid down liis life
for her welfare. Tlmmonaville circuit has sus
tained agreat loss. God took him unexpectedly to
all, but he gave blessed assurance of acceptance
with God on his bed of affliction, and had his
lamp trimmed and brightly burning when the
bridegroom came. G. H. Wunia.
Mis. Amy A. Mathesy died on 13th July, 1871,
in her 54th year.
She was twenty-six years a member of the Meth
odist Church. Thu testimony of her busbaqd is
that, she was a good wife, a true friend—beloved
by all who kucw her. She died of lingering con
sumption. For s** months before her death sho
expressed herself as being perfectly ready—resign
edly abiding the Call from above, she said My
suffering will soon bo over; I see heaven, and
oh I it is the most beautiful placo I ever shw."
She passed away without a struggle—like one
going to sleep^_ C. Dunlap.
Hklcn M. Joubuan, daughter of Thomas and
Hannah K. P. F.avly, died in Tlmmonsvllle, S. 0.,
October 4th, 1871, in her 10th year.
Sho had not professed religion until duriug her
last illness; bnt she gave unmistakable evidence
of her acceptance wltli God before she died. Her
delight was In the songs of Ziou, and her exhor
tation to her friends was to meet her in heaven.
She sleeps in Jesus. G. H. Wills.
Sumter, 8. C., papers please copy.
Tribute of Kespect.
At the 4th quarterly Conference of Hancock
circuit held in Culverton, the following resolu
tions were passed:
Wiibkkas, in the Providence of God, our Bro.
Joseph K. Ban roan, who has served a long and
faithful life, as Steward of the Church and Sunday
school Superintendent, has been suddenly re
moved from us. Therefore,
Jietulved, 1. That in his death the Church has
lost one of its most faithful and efficient members,
and the Sunday-school one of Its most devoted
friends.
t. That tho Church and Sunday-school tebder
to his family their heart-felt sympathies and pray
ers, that the blessings of God may rest upon them,
and that the godly example He placed before
them, In ttie person of their father may be instru
mental In leading them to follow on as zealously
in tte Master’s cause and thereby serve their gen
eration as faithfully as he did his.
M. H. Bass, Beefy. C. W. Knt, P. E.
BALTIMORE ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOM. WASH. SMITH,
ADVERTISING AGENT,
No. 7 St. Foul St., Baltimore, Md. (UpStairs.)
Is the authorized Agent for the Southern Chris
tian Advocate, In Baltimore.
Standard papers—Sectarian and Commercial.
Wc study our patrons’ irtercet. octU-tf
TREES, PLANTS, BULBS
AND
FLOWERS.
My CATALOGUES now ready and mailed to
all applicants.
ROBT. J. HALLIDAY,
Florist and Seedsman,
BALTIMORE, MD.
OctlS Cm
CANFIELD, BRO. CO.,
No. 239 Baltimore St., Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
"Waltham Watches.
These Watches have a reputation fnlly establish
ed, and are sold ata less prolit than any competing
Watches in the market.
Wc also keep a full stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
DIAMOND*, RICH JEWELRY,
STEALING SILVER WARE,
TRIPLE SILVER PLATED WARE,
PORKS, SPOONS, KNIVES,
CLOCKS, DRON/iES, VASES,
OPERA GLASSES.
PANS and PINE FANCY GOODS.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs. octll-ly
ARMSTRONG CO.,
MANUPACTURKRS OK
STOVES AND HOLLOW-WARE,
Plows and Plow Castings,
POUT DEPOSIT, MD.,
Bos; leave to rail the particular attention of
HOUSEKEEPERS, STOVE DEALERS and the
TRADE generally, to their celebrated Cooking
Stoves,
EMERALD AND VIRGINIA,
Which we will guarantee In all cases to give en
tire satisfaction.
We are also manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING STOVEK. RANGES, PARLOR and
FIRE PLACE HEATERS. We would mention
Magill’s Patent Fire-Place Heater.
Magill's latent Oas and Smoke consuming Sate
Sumer, nailable fir Churches, Schools, Stores, Ware
houses, <Jtr., dv.
Manufacturers of and Wholesale Dealers in Tin
ware and Enameled Ware
Send for descriptive and illustrated Catalogue
or call and examine our Stock.
Kesponsiblc Agents wanted in every principle
Town iu the country to sell our Stoves,
Address all communications to
JAMES ARMSTRONG,
Ollicc and Salesroom 64 Light SL,
Bept2?-3m Baltimore, Md.
School Histories for Fall of 1871.
BLACKBURN jTmcDONALD’S
Grammar Scboe! History, D. S.
240 pp. CLOTH *1.25.
ILLUSTRATED WITH 8 COLORED MAPS.
The great desideratum ,in School books for
Southern Children la freedom from partisan preju
dice and political misrepresentations. This work
gives a just account of the late war. It records
facts, and withholds opinions. It tells the truth,
and fosters no bitterness. The style is good; the
sentences are brief and perspicuous; the arrange
ment new and attractive.”—Sattimore Episco
pal Methodist, May 27th.
The New School History of the U. S.,
(Formerly known as The Southern.)
610 pp. Cloth, $1.75.
Illustrated witu Eiout Colored Maps.
One or both of these books have been adopted
hy many of the best Western and Southern Pri
vate Schools, and by the Public Schools of Missis
sippi, Maryland and Louisville, Ky.
On receipt of *2 we will mail a copy of both for
examination. For Sale bt all Booksellers.
WM. J. C. DULANY CO., Publishers,
Augltt-ly Baltimore, Md.
I Established in 1848.]
irfT tv'i riih r. ttwus*
f j rtf llALS 7 11 i A V
n£?> ftw ,0!*iu.t 89? IS
HORNERS
Maryland Super-Phospate.
To the I'tnun and l*lantere of Harylami and the
South generally.
(We eonrt the Chemist's Inquiry.)
After 21 years’ experience In the Fertilizing bus
iness, and after establishing a wide repntaUon for
the purity and excellence of his Hone ftu(,tlic sub
Bcriber has been induced to prepare a Phosphate
suitable to the requirements and every way worthy
the attention of the Southern harmer.
The "Maryltaf is a llejuvcnator and permanent
Improver of the soil. It ttimnlatc* equal to 7m*
via* (huino, and xnstainx equal to Porte, being: cora
.M*ed almost entirely of these ingredient*, with a
very liberal percentage of Ji&ixh in the residuum.
There is uo adulUratcr uor inferior article used—
every particle of the Phosphate being of essential
Ix’nclit to the land. Neither pains nor expense
have been spared in its preparation, and we claim
for it tlie urcatcsl heuejU to the farmer from the
smallest outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
stimulant and aliment for worn and impoverished
laud there can be nothing superior. It is war
ranted to run as high in Ammonia and higher in
lloue Phosphate than any oilier fertilizer in the
market
Price CM per ton, in new bags. No charge for
delivery. JOSHUA llOKNKK, Jit;
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant.
Olllce and Warehouse, 54 8. Gay 8t General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew and Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md.
Bone Dust, $45,
own manufacture. In new bagB; Eastern and Wes
tern Hone Oast $34. Peruvian Uaaao, delivered
from Peruvian Government Warehouse at lowest
rates. No charge for delivery.
julyliMyi JOSHUA HOltNKR, Jb.
BALTIMORE
Mill Stone Manufactory,
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
DKALKR8 IN
BOLTING CLOTHS,
BELTING, SHUT MACHINES, Etc., Etc.
B. F. STARR, A CO.,
may 10-ljr 173 North Si Baltimore, Md.
Important Notice
TO
CONSUMERS of DRY COOD8.
ALL RETAIL ORDERS AMOUNTING TO $30
AND OVER DELIVERED IN ANY PART
OF THE COUNTRY
Free of Express Charges.
ha",lT?bmalWoI£5d* soli8‘
In order the better to meet the wants of their Re
tail Customers at a distance, have established a
SAMPLE BUREAU,
and will, upon application, promptly tend by matt
full lines of Samples of the Newest and most Fash
ionable Goods, of FRENCH, ENGLISH and DO
MESTIC MANUFACTURE, guaranteeing at all
times to sell at lorn, If not at lest price*, titan any
house In the countnr.
Buying onr goods from the largest and most
celebrated manufacturers iu different parts of Eu
rope, and importing the same by Steamers direct
to Baltimore, our stock Is at all times promptly
supplied with the novelties of the London and
Paris markets.
As we bny and sell only for cash, and make no bad
debt*, we are able and willing to sell our goods at
from Tun to Fivtiun Pan Cunt. Lias Pnom
than If we gave credit.
Jn tending for samples specify the kina of good* dt
tired. Ws keep the best grades of ever class of
goods, from the lowest to the most costly.
Orders unaccompsnied by the cash will be sent
PROMPTPAYING WHOLESALE BUYERS
are Invited to Inspect the stock in our Jobbing and
Package Department. Address
HAMILTON EASTER A SONS, i
1ST, IBB, 901 and 90S West Baltimore Street,
Novil-lyt Baltimore, Md.
BALTIMORE ADVERTISEMENTS.
HUMAN HAIR GOODS.
JT. HANEY,
Hair-Dresser, Wig-Maker, Importer and Manufac
turer of Wigs, Toupees, Braids, Curls, etc.
Every description of Ornamental Uair Work,
for Ladies and Gentlemen, constantly on hand and
made to order, at the shortest notice and moder
ate prices. For any of the above named articles,
or information concerning them.
Address J. 1IANEY,
141 W. Baltimore street, Baltimore, Md.
Liberal Discount allowed to the Trade,
may 31-ly
mmm
WATERWHEEL^,
Mitt
Wjl£& Bactimoreai?
Send fora Circular.
apl86-ly
EDUCATIONAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOFFORD COLLEGE,
SPARTANBURG C. H. So. Ca.
FACULTY.
Rev. A. M. SHUT, D. D., President and Profes
sor Mental and Moral Science.
DAVID DUNCAN, A. M., Professor Ancient
Languages and Literature.
Rev. WUITEFOORD SMITH, D. D., Professor
English Literature.
WAKUEN DUPRE, A. M., Professor Natural
Science.
JAS. H. CARLISLE, A. M., Professor Mathe
matics.
REV. A. II. LESTER, A. M., Professor History
and Biblical Literature.
The Preparatory School, under the immediate
supervision of the Faculty, J NO. W. SHIPP, A.
M., Principal.
Divinity School—Rev. A. M. SHIPP, D. D.;
Rev. WUITEFOORD SMITH, D. D.; Rev. A. H.
LESTER, A. M.
The First Session of the Eighteenth Collegiate
Year begins on the first Monday in October, 1871.
The Second Session logins ou the First Monday
in January, 1373.
The course of studies and the standard of schol
aisliip remain unchanged, but the Faculty now
admit irregular students or those who wish to pur
sue particular studies only.
The Schools also open at the same time.
TUITION per year, in College Clashes, including
contingent fee, $b4,Jin Currency.
TUITION per year, iu Preparatory School, includ
ing contingent fee, $44, in Currency.
Bills payable one-half in advance.
Board, per month, from $10 to $15 in currency.
For further particulars address,
aept 13-tfj A. M. SHIPP, President.
COLLINSWORTH INSTITUTE,
niou SCHOOL FOR BOTS AND TOUNO MIN.
Located near Talbotton, Ga., six miles from
Geneva, (8. W. K. R.) easy of access by Daily
Hack Line.
Fall Term (1871) closes Dec. 1st.
Spring Term (1873) begins Feb. 1st.
Total expanses for Board, Tuition, Washing and
Incidentals, if paid in advance for the Term, $30
per month.
Students received at any time and charged from
time of entering until close of the Term. Ap
ply for Circular.
j. t. McLaughlin, a. m.
DeeUS-ly Principal and Proprietor.
Pennington Seminary.
NEXT TERM BEGINS SEPTEMBER 13th.
For CATALOGUE ADDRESS THOMASHAN
LON, D.D., Pennington, New Jersey,
aug 9-3m|
A HIGH SCHOOL.
A TEACHER OF LARGE AND SUCCESSFUL
experience, favorably known in Georgia and
in other Southern States, proposes to organize—at
a point to be selected hereafter—A nigh School,
on the modern practical, or French and German,
plan.
He desires to secure the co-operation of several
skillful, enthusiastic and popular teachers; and to
establish the school in a healthy locality, easy of
access—in the midst of a people alive to the inter
ests of education, who will heartily enter into his
plans, liberally assist the enterprise and give it a
generous support
Application for the location of the school, and
correspondence from all interested, are invited.
Localities cannot be visited and examined unless
expenses are paid. Address
r TEACHER,
Care of Southern Christian Advocate,
aug33-tftMacon, Ga.
EMORY COLLEGE,
OXFORD, GA.
THE FALL TERM BEGINS AUG, 16TU, AND
ends the last school day in November.
Tuition in College Classes $30 00; in Prepara
tion Department, $30 00. Board may be had in
private families at from $18 to $30 per month.
The healthfuincss of its locality, its social, reli
gious and educational advantages commend Emory
Ubneev to the public. For particulars address
Rev. Ldthcr M. Smith, D. D., President. Cata
logues sent on application.,, I. 8. HOPKINS,
Augl6-tf Sec. of Faculty.
Wesleyan Female College,
MACON, CA.
THE THIRTY FOURTH ANNUAL SESSION
of this Institution will open on Monday, Oct
3d, 1871, with the following
FACULTY:
Rkv. OSBORN L. SMITH, D.D., President and
Professor of Mental and Moral Science and
Rhetoric.
Rbv. COSBY W. SMITH, A. M., Professor of
Mathematics.
Rbv. WILLIAM C. BASS, A. M., Professor of
Natural Science.
C. SCHWARTZ, A, M., Professor of Modern
Languages and Latin.
Mrs. ALICE CULLER COBB, Assistant la Lite
rary Department
Miss JULIA O. SIMS, Assistant in Literary De
portment
Miss LAURA A. BARKSDALE, Assistant in
Literary Department, and Teacher of Calisthe
nics.
Mrs J. P. LEE, Teacher of Penmanship.
ALBERT N. WHITNEY, Professor of Music.
Mus. JULIA 11. WHITNEY, Assistant in Music.
Miss MAKI Alt KING, Assistant in Music.
I Miss JANE KENNEDY, Assistant in Music.
Mrs. E. T. CllOWE, Teacher of Drawing and
Painting, and Assistant in Music.
The requirements for admission into the several
classes will be as follows:
To cuter the lhreparatory Clam, the applicant
must lie able to write In a legible hand what may
be dictated to her, showing in this writing her
ability to spell words in common use; she must
be able to perform exercises iu Addition, Subtrac
tion, Multiplication and Division, and must have
a correct apprehension of the Icadiug principles
and facts in Geography.
To enter tlio /Arid College Claim, the applicant
must be able to write without error in orthogra
phy any oVdinary English prose; must possess a
passable knowledge of the Geography of the Wes
tern Continent, of the rules of Fractions and De
nominate Numbers, am. of English Grammar os
nr as 10 syntax.
To enter the Second College C'Iom, the applicant
mnst have mastered the rules of Derivative Or
thography, the Geography of the Eastern Hemis
phere, all the riles of Arithmetic as far as to Pow
ers, all the rules of Syntax, and l>e able to parse
any English prose.
To euterthe Sophomore Clast, the applicant must
have mastered the rules for good Diction, the
principles of Euglish Analysis, all the rules of
Arithmetic, the rules of Algebra through Simple
Equations, and tho accidence of the Latin or
french Grammar.
To enter tho Junior Class, the applicant must
have mastered the Proprieties of Style, including
the correction of Falso Syntax, must have com
pleted Algebra, and six books of Davies’ Legen
dre’s Geometry (or their equivalent), and must
havo completed Physiology, Chemlco-physica, and
Inorganic Chemistry, and have gone through the
Latin Header or some good French Reader, with
thorough drill in the pureing.
To enter tho Senior Class, the applicant
have completed Rhetoric, and must have been
drilled in its practice so as to express herself With
out violation of the rules of Style, must have studied
Logic, Intellectual Philosophy, Geometry, Trigo
nometry, (plane and spherical) Organic Chemis
try, Botany, Natural Philosophy, and Ca:sar in
Latin, or Tulcmachus in French.
Tifttrs pn Annual, snssion.
KTYbyaWa qnarieriym Advance,
Tuition in the Regular Course.*
Tuition in the Preparatory Class...... 75
Incidental fee(paid by Day-scholars)........ 8
Board (including Fuel, Washing and Lights)..385
IxUin, Gymnastics and Class-tmgmg without ad
ditional charge.
orrionAL bramcub.
French... I®i
German or Spanish variable according to num
ber in elass.
Instruction on Plano or Melodeon in the high
est class. 75
Instruction in the less advanced class.00
Use of Piano, one hour per day.13
Use of Melodeon one hour per day. 6
Special Vocdl Lessons (single). 75
Special Vocal Lessons insets, from...34to40
Instruction in Drawing. 45
Instruction in Oi\ painting. 00
New pupils charged from the beginning of the
month in which they enter, exeept tor board when
the entrance Is after the middle of the month.
For further information address the President
C. W. SMITH, flee’y Faculty.
any 31871-tfl
MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
RirLU, 8H0T-UUNS, REVOLVERS, Una Ma
larial. Write for Price List, to GREAT WES
TERN GUN WORKS, Pittsburgh, Fa. Army
Guns, Revolvers, &c„ bought or traded for. Agent•
wanted.AngS-tot
THE
MBNBBtY EEU FOlflfllUY.
WEST TROY, N. Y.,
ESTABLISHED by ANDREW MENKELY Ui 1836
Bells for churches, academies, fac
torius, etc., of which more hare been made at
this establishment than at all other loundries In the
country combined. One hundreda nd fifty unsolici
ted commendatory letters receiveddurlug the past
year. Written warranty given with every Dell.
Mounted with Conical Rotary Yoke (patented I860
and ISbS), the most recent and desirable bell
fixture in use. An illustrated catalogue sent free
ups application to
K. A. G. K. MENKELY,
oct81 lyt _West Troy, N-T
TROT BELLS.
OLD ESTABLISHED TROY BELL FOUNDRY,
TROY, N. Y.—(established 1852,) a Urge assort
ment of Chnrch, Academy, Fire Alarm, and
other Bells, constantly on hand and made to or
der. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper and
Tin.) llung with Rotary Mountings, the beat
aDd most durable ever nsed. All Bells War
ranted Satisfactory.
l-iif Large Illustrated Catalogue sent free upon
application to JONES CO., Troy, N. Y.
or, 109 Dearborn 8treet, Chicago, Illinois,
may 24 -ly|
III
H

5
POWER PLEDGED
Equal to any OVERSHOT, with
N. F. BURNHAM’S
NEW TURBIN B.
(gr* Illustrated, Descriptive Pamph
let aud Price List, for 1871, sent free
by N. F. BURNHAM, York, Pbns’a.
ang. 9-0m| _

X
PI
PI
UlfcT AMD CHUTIST II DIE.
Have taken over 2M PwU—» at
Fairs throughout the South. Bend for
illustrated Cataloguewith
Price List,and certificates
of planters who use them.
80LK MANUrACTUKKU:
BBINLY, NIKS A HARDY,
Lubihviul Kf.
WI hi EG A R—how made—of Cider, Wine, or Sor
VJ11 go, in 10 hours. F. SAGE, Cromwell Conn,
ang S0-3m|
In advertising Mediral Specialties nothing will
be advertised improper in itself or believed to be
of evil tendency, but the editor and publishers dis
claim all knowledge of the merits of matters so
advertised, and will not indorse them in any man'
ner whatever, or be held responsible for their
effects.
DB.
SIMMONS’ Liver Regulator
_____p|)K MEDICINE, for Dys
pepsia, Beadaclie, Jaundice. Costiveness, Camp
Dysentery, Sick Headache, Chronic Diarrhoea, Af
fections of the Bladder and Kidneys, Fever, Ner
veonsness. Chills, Diseases of the Skin, Impurity
of the Blood, Melancholy or Depression of Spir
it ost of the ailments here enumerated have their
origin in a diseased liver, which is the most preva
lent affection in this country, and as in many cases
the patient is not within reach of a physician, it
requires that some remedy should be provided that
would not in the least impair the constitution, and
yet he active and safe. That such Is the character
of the SIMMONS’ REGULATOR, there can be
no doubt, the testimony of hundreds will establish.
SYMPTOMS OF A DISEASED
LIVER
I Fain in the side. Sometimes
the pain is felt under the shoul
der blade; is sometimes mis
taken for rheumatism in the
arm. The stomach is affected
with loss of appetite and sickness, bowels in gen
eral are costive, sometimes alternating with lax;
the head is troubled with pain, accompanied with
a dull, heavy sensation. There is generally con
siderable loss of memory, accompanied with a pain
ful sensation of having left undone something
which mght to have been done. A slight dry
cough it sometimes an attendant. The patient
complains of weariness and debility; he is easily
startled, his feet are cold or burning, and he com
plains of a prickly sensation of the skin; his spir
its are low; and although satisfied that exercise
would be beneficial to him, yet be can scarcely
summon up fortitude enough to try it. In fact he
distrusts every remedy. Several of the above
symptoms attend the disease, but cases have oc
curred when few of them existed, yet examination
of the body after death, has shown the Lietr to
have been extensively deranged.
It should be used by all persons, old and young,
whenever any of the foregoing symptoms appear.
It is a purely vegetable compound, is not injurious
to the most delicate constitutions, and will keep
the liver in healthy action if used properly.
Persons living In unhealthy localities may avoid
all billions attacks by taking a dose occasionally to
keep the liver In healthy action.
iMMHMmns For children complain
II lng of colic, headache, or
REGULATOR.
eat sometimes too much
8upper^>reatsomething which does not digest
well, producing sour stomach, heartburn, or rest
lessness a good dose will give relief. This ap
plies to persons of all ages.
Many persons, from eating too much, are rest
less at night, or in day time are figety, wool gath
ering, can't understand what they read, can’t keep
their thoughtaon any one subject so ss to reason
well, or become fretful. One or two tablespoon
fills will give relief.
J auwdicb.—Take enough Regulator after eating
each meal, to produce one foil action from the
bowels every day.
Pregnant ladles will find sure relief from their
headache, costiveness, swimming in f'e head, col
ic, sour stomach, restlessness, etc., etc.
Prepared only by J. H. ZEILIN ft CCL,
Druggists, Macon, Oa.
Price, <1; by mail, *1.25. For sale by all Drug
gists._ jnlyl-^nt
CALENDAR FOK 1871.
noon's rants.—novkvbir.
d. n.
Last Quarter. 6.- M morning.
New Moon—.12.11 morning.
Find Quarter._19—-03 02 morning
Full Moon.2C..08 33 evening.
THE
1871
longer* |$rtottan ^bbarate.
B. H. MYERS, D. D., Editor.
thirty-fourth volume.
THIS OLD AND WELL ESTABLISHED RE
liglous Family Weekly, is devoted to religion
and the Church; to Literature, Science, Art, the
News, the Markets, Advertisements, etc., etc.
It U proposed to keep it equal to any family
Newspaper in the country—being all that a family
that takes but ouo newspaper can need; and also
worth of a place with other newspapers, where
several are taken.
Turks t—Three Dollars for one year, in advance.
The Ministers of the M. Church, South, are
agents for the paper; but any person who will
send six subscribers, and $18 W shall have the
paper free one year. Address
J. W. BURKE A CO., Macon 0a.
BATES Or ADVBRTIBHrO
One dollar and fifty cents per souare—one Inch
being a square—first insertion, and one dollar pea
square for each subsequent insertion.
Cash only—not the goods advertised—taken Im
No advertisement Inserted from abroad, without
a responsible reference, known In Macon.
responsible reference, known In siacon.
In advertising Medicines and Medical specialties,
nothing will be advertised Improper in Itself or be
lieved to be of evil tendency. .They
under a separate heading, i. a Medical, _ with a
_l-J IL.i Ike svssUlahMg
separate utnuiug, j
note appended that the pnbllsheic and editor die
claim allknowlcdge of the merits of matters so ad
Emm aii inowiuuKB w
rertised, and wUl not indersetheia, lnany manner
whatever, or be held responsible for their effects.
TOM WASH SMITH, No. 7 St. Paul Street, and
GRIFFIN A HOFFMAVr, No. 4 South Street, are
onr Advertising Agents in Baltimore, Md.
q*o!T MWMU* No. 4o park Row.
A CO.. No. 87 Path Raw, and
S