health, end e good prospect of ability to
make full proof of my ministry, for yean to
■10 oome. I ought to be—I am—deeply thank
|f fnL I think I oausay the life thna aaved
from destruction shall be all God’s.
Fraternally, G. H. Wnu*
lAMktl*'* UJt j
Wesley Chapel, Calmnku, fl*.
Mr. EMor: Much has been said of late
years abont ‘-'old fashioned Methodism;"
bnt in no plaee hare I seen it more etrong
ly developed in form and spirit, than in
Wesley OhapeL
It numbers abont166 members, composed
almost entirely of the laboring classes, many
of whom are females—girls and widows—
who derive their support Ann the labor of
their ova hands. The present year it hat
paid 9700 to its pastor, save the last install
ment, which will oome in early in December.
It has also paid the Bishop’s claim, 910, the
Presiding Elder’s assessment, 940, for Sab*
bath-school pnrpeaes, over 9100, for inci
dental expenses, 9100, a monthly oolleetion
of several'dollars to the poor, and some
thing for missions; the whole amount
making near 91,000. With fewer members
they have already subscribed 9900 for
another year. How does this compare with
wealthy country and town churches of as
many members, where it is so hard to raise
from two to five hundred dollars—or with
large city chinches of 400 and 600 members,
where 92,000 is almost an intolerable bur
den?
System is the key to their success at Wes
1 y Chapel. 'Each one subscribes so ranch
j»-r mouth. Aud these amonnts range from
teu cents to W per month.
We havsoo active Board of Stewards, and
an effleisat* sorps of class leaders. Each
leader, several of whom are stewards, has
his class, over which he watches financially,
temporally and spiritually within the par
view sf his office; and it is the duty of each
leader to collect the monthly subscriptions
of his class, and pay them rver to the Treas
urer once per month, m least. At the
regular church meeting which comes off the
1st of every month, the Treasurer settles
up with bis pastor, gas bills, sexton’s fee,
etc., so that no heavy arrears impede the
machinery.
This church holds a quarterly love-feast,
the church-meeting once per month, an of
ficial meeting every month, a weekly prayer
meeting, and a weekly class meeting every
Sabbath- morning. And all of these means
of graoe are well attended. How is this for
old fashioned Methodism?”
“The best of ail is, God is with us.” For
three months, he has poured out His Spirit in
a constant revival influence. Almost weekly
have aoukheen professedly bA into the
kingdom of Christ The drainage upon us
by deaths^ removals and other pansea, has
been heavy--but we keep our own. Infe
rior church accommodations hinder our
growth—but, the Lewd will provide.” The
labor of years ought to be harvested. In
creasing numbers are growing np around
us, who are mainly dependent upon this
charge for moral and religious nourishment
By proper attention and timely assistance,
this community can render it 'a great spirit
ual power in our midst Who hath de
spised the day of small things?” “Mind
not high things; but oondssoend to men of
low estate.” Bear ye one another’s har
dens—and so fulfill the law of Christ”
The labors of our presiding rider for the
development of this charge, daring the two
pest years, have not only been appreciated,
bat signally blessed. The ahiboleth of
“eocial oast belong- not to the nomencla
ture of the aku-s. ~uJ it should never seem
ingly infiaeno the followers of Christ Oar
fathers went once in the wilderness. The
true spirit of Christianity is essentially mis
sionary, and wherever good can be done, a
door ia open unto ns. If actuated by the
spirit of Wesley, Robert Reikes sad others,
how much good could be done by the fa
vored sons and daughters of the Obnrch!
In every social, mental and moral waste, the
“Macedonian cry arises owns over and
help us!” Ws ell need the inspiration ol
God’s Spirit—end to catch it is to inhalt
the atmosphere of aideut devotion and
earnest work in his vineyard. Pastor.
Sylwaula Circuit, South Georgia
Conference.
We are still in the midst of a revival. All
the churches have been hi oaeed. Many haw
prof email sanctification. A meeting of two
weeks”contiananoe at one appointment re
salted in eighteen secessions altogether.
God’s Spirit seemed present at every eerviee
We have closed at the regular churches and
have began at the school houses, and God
ia crowning our efforta with socoeas. Atone
point where the people wan inconvenient
to church we have received fourteen mam
bas. The nights wen odd, but ife built e
big lightwood fire oat of doom, and had
one in doors, and God warmed us in out
hearts, and. we felt as comfortable as if we
had been in e nice city church with a stove.
But I am winding np—that is if I can wind
up. I may return. I may not I believe I
will leave that with the Bishop; bat one
thing I know, these people have fed me and
mine, if I have not had mnch money; and
I have tried to feed them with the bread of
life. In two years we have^teken ova 200
members into the Church. May God con
firm and aave them alL 7
Yours in Christ, W. T. HcMkjhazl.
A Mistake Corrected.
Mr. Editd?: In the Minutes of oar lest
Annnsl Conference we And in the report
from Payne's Ohs pel Misrion, in the city
of Atlanta, served by Rev. W. G. Danlsp,
the following lsngnsge: Having a small
parsonage, obtained this year, at a coat of
about fl.OOO." This was a great mistake.
How if1 occurred, we know not. Bnt this
much, we do know,—that on our arrival
here after Conference, we found no parson
age, and only a subscription for the build
iag of one, amounting to tome five or six
hundred dollars, a part of which Only could
be relied on. Bnt by hard work the brethren
and friends here have built a very eomforta
Me parsonage this jear, and have it partial];
furnished and neatly paid for. We have
thought it beat to Saaks this statement now,
lest s hin we make otur report at Confer
ence, some might think our people here,
over neaiooe on the parsonage question.
D. t). Cox, Paaior.
Gntsat, Soon Ouoboia Oamnuot
The Rev. 7. T. Ainsworth writes: The
Lord is still blaming the people of Camilla.
I received five applications for membership
Sunday night Inst all from married men.
Cam ills promises muoh for the Church
in the fetam. A scon orderly, church go
ing people would be herd to And.”
The Amti-Chrlsttmm Exeiteunent
in Chime.
The Rev..B. 8. Mselay, O.D., gives e
detailed account of the commencement of
active opposition to the missionaries in the
neighbor hood of Foochow, Chins. As far
as the city itself is concerned, the anti-mis
sionary excitement seems to have passed
Its olimax, and to be subsiding. But it is
raging in the country districts with great
er violence than it ever did in the city. Two
chapels and one bookstore in the outlying
districts have been pulled to pieces, and the
foundation of another chapel, which the
Christians had laid, has been torn up. by the
mob. Four Christians have already been
cruelly beaten, and the enemy now threat
eue the utter extacminattoa of all who wor
ship Oodttd batters on tbs Lord 7<
V
OfariA At present, the excitement ia great
est in the Kucheng end Ohengloh Districts,
end it ia there thet the chapels and book
stores referred to above here been destroyed;
bat the inflammatory rumors ere spreading
rapidly into other diatriete, where Christian
societies have been gathered. We have re
i oeived letters from our preachers in the
Sienyu, Piootien, Hokohiang, Minch’iang,
and Nanning Diatriota, advising us of the
threatening aspect of affairs in those places,
and soliciting our prayers. It is very affec
ting to read their expressions of cheerful
confidence in God while the infuriated mobs
are howling around their dwellings.”
The origin of this excitement ia found in
the slanderoua circulate about the Christians
which are distributed in China, and to which
ve have already referred. “One thing,”
adds Dr. Maclay, I think ia certain Pro
testant missions in China are not a failure.
Another thing I record with hnmble grati
tadd, and that is, there ere hundreds of
heroic souls connected with our own mis
sion, who, for Christ’s sake, take joyfully
of the spoiling of their goods, who submit
cheerfully to stripes and imprisonment, and
who at their master’s call are ready to love
not their Uvea unto the death.”
Students Fbox China.—An editorial note
in the hat Tale College Covrant states that
the Chinese Government has decided. to
educate a portion of the young men of China
in the language and laws of this country,
and in the manners and customs of the peo
ple. An appropriation of $1,500,000 has
been made to meet the expenses necessary
to be incurred within the next ten years. A
Chinese gentleman, Mr. Ynng Wing, who
was educated in Yale Colletre, has been en
gaged to take charge of thirty of these young
men to the United States. They are de
signed to become students of the University,
and will probably enter Yale College, foUow
ing the course, of Mr. Ynng Wing. Each
year this number is to be increased by the
addition of thirty new students.
Resist the temptation of circulating ill
reports; spread them not at all. If 70a can
not speak well of another, at least do not
speak ill of him. Never speak ill of an*
other behind his back. Wny should vou
consider his character of less value than
your own? Speak of others as you would
were thev present; speak as a friend of him
who is absent, and cannot speak for himself.
The American Fabmeh.—We refer our
readers to the advertisement of Messrs.
Sami. Sandt Son, of Baltimore, Md., who
have resumed the publication of this agri
cultural journal which was founded in 1819,
and is now combined with the Rural Regis
ter.
One of the hugest farmers in Iowa reports
that he has plowed over 200 acres with his
Collins Steel Plow without sharpening the
share, which shows now but little wear, and
that he repeatedly plowed eighty rods with
out touching his plow handles.
Situations Wanted.—Competent Teach
ers—male and Female—advertise this week
for situations. See advertisements.
Skfos of tffe 38tefc.
GENERAL NEWS.
Balt Lake, November 25.—Official organs say
that the Hormone do not Intend to abandon Utah
on account of religion.
five or six feet of enow fell here, accompanied
with hall, elect, lightning and a terrific wind.
Philadelphia, November 84.—Six Algerines,
captured by the Trench and sent to Cayenne,
escaped on a raft and arrived here from Demanra.
They bave assurances from Mayor Fox that they
will not be sent back.
Chablbston. November 56.—The State Treas
urer publishes the following statement of the debt
of South Carolina: Bonda printed, twenty-two
and a half millions, whereof six millions are still
with the American Bank Note Company, three
millions In the State Treasury, ono million can
celled and destroyed; and three minions Issued by
the State Treasury for conversion of former lla
bllltlec—leaving nine and a half millions In the
hands of the State’s financial agent at New Tork.
The old debt Is nearly six and a half million. The
new bonded debt to over five and a half million.
The total debt It nearly twelve million. The State
authorities, to save bonds now under hypothec* I
tlou from sale, propose employing some responsi
hie'bank and discontinuing the present agency.
Ohaelestoe, November 27.—A committee of
Influential citizens, including Hon. J. D. Pope
and ex-Governor Orr, publish the result of their
examination of Treasurer Barker’s debt statement,
which they And correct The committee report
the total debt of Booth Carolina at eleven million i
nine hundred and ninety-five thousand three hun
dred and six dollars, exclusive of nine hundred
thousand owing in; Naw Tork. The American
Bank Note Company certify that they have In
their possession the whole of six millions of sterl
ing funding bonda, and that Governor Scott has
Instructed them to print no mors bonds or stoaka
of any kind for this State.
The Ku-klux trials began In Colombia at 10
o'clock this morning, Judges Bond and Bryan on
the bench. District Attorney Corbin for the Gov
ernment, and Reverdy Johnson tor the defense.
A large audience was preaeot Corbin challenged
the whole array of jurors on the ground of total
Irregularities in drawing. Bcverdy Johnson argued
that the objection was purely technical. Judge
Bond said the Court could not proceed, because
there wme only nine jurors present. He desired
to consult on the question raised by Corbin. Ad
ourned to 11 o’clock to-morrow.
Cincinnati, November 87.—Sixty small-pox
deaths last week.
San Fuahchco, November 87.—Seasonable
rains have fallen thronghont The country. The
grapes are nearly all gathered, and the vintage is
the largest and fineat ever known.
Chasi.estoe, B. C., November 28.—In the Ka
il lux trial at Columbia to-day, was spent In a dis
cussion of the manner of selecting a jury—the Dis
trict Attomev moving that a panel be summoned
from tbebody of the District, and Reg^rdy John
son contending that according to the Constltntlon,
jurors must be brought (torn the Judicial District
n which- the alleged ofltace lscommltted. The
Court sustained the District Attorney; Mr. John
son reserving his objection. The Court adjourned
dll Friday, allowing forty-eight hoars for thesam
moning of the panel.
Salt Laxb, November 88.—The union Pacific
passenger train U twenty seven honrs late. The
snow Is very deep In the cuts.
New Tout, November 88.—Thirteen new small
pox esses have occurred since Monday at noon.
The Herald has a special from Cottonwood, Salt
Lake, representing the storm unabated. The snn
has not been seen since the 17th. There has been
another land-slide, whereby tear lives were lost.
Pratt preached at the Tabernacle yesterday, saying
that the Mormon people would not give up polyg
amy, or any faith of the Mormon religion, for any
government This statement was greeted with
loud cries of That’s so,” We won’t"
Milwaukoc,' November 88.—Reports from the
Northern Pacific Railroad say the thermometer Is
twenty-three degrees below aero. The trains are
stopped.
New Tons, 88.—Forty Catholic children have
been expelled from school at Hunter’s Point, for
refusing to read the Bible.
Cuban affairs sre attracting rnnch attention, and1
many sensational dispatches are afloat. The mat
ter was undoubtedly discussed In the Cabinet yes
terday and a reinforcement of the North Atlantic
fleet determined upon, and vessels of the fleet
withdrawn to honor the coming of Alexis will
hurry back. The Consnl General at Havana wants
a war vessel in that harbor. The execution of
eight students for excesses ever the grave of an
odious volunteer captain Is generally regarded as
barbarously horrible. There is no excitement at
the Spanish Legation here. Minister Roberts has
a communication from his own or our government
Indicating other than a pacific solution of pending
misunderstandings. It Is said that Grant laughed
at Robeson’s report of his guns now In West In
dia waters. They are pop guas In calibre and In
ferior in number to those of the Spanish fleets.
Bast Pout, Mu., November 89.—The weather
Is the coldest ever known in November, The ther
mometer Is five degrees below zero.
Cuaulustou, November 89.—Six Kn klux pris
oners, horn Tork county, were brought before
Judges Bond and Bryan, In Columbia, on a writ
of habtmt eorput, and balled in Us sum of 8800
each.
Ex-Congressman Bowen is elected to the State
Legislature as Representative from Charleston
connty.
Bauson, November 89.—The thsrmbmeter stood
15 at noon. Vessels In port have had some diffi
culty in getting out
Salt Laju, November 89.—The motion to
quash the Indictment ngalnet Brigham Young
and others was argued all day.
Brigham la thought to be three hundred miles
away, endeavoring to reach the city by Monday
ea the new eanal, but the cold Is intense. Trains
see thirty hour* behind time.
CHICAGO, November 8*.—The Mississippi River
la entirely closed above the bridge at Dubuque.
Salt Lakh Citt, November 29.—Six feet of
enow on a level between here and Cotton Wood,
with drifts from 20 to 100 feet deep. Working
parties, however, are uninterrupted.
Mormon papers advocate a general observance
of thanksgiving, notwithstanding the Gentile’s
persecution. The motion to quash the Indict
ment against Brigham Young and others is not
yet concluded. The result Is awaited with great
interest.
Memphis, November SO.—It has been snowing
incessantly since midnight. The snow is six
inches deep.
New York, November 80.—The weather is in
tensely cold to-day. The Hudson river is frozen
over from Catskill to Albany. The Delaware and
Hudson canal is also broken up.
Washington, December L—A Quebec dispatch
reports that the 8t Lawrence river is full of ice.
Vessels are floating up and down the harbor sur
rounded with ice, and several are ashore. There
was a terrible storm yesterday at River du Lope
and several wrecks, with loss of life.
Washington, December 1.—The Government
will hereafter, and until a better condition of
things shall exist in the island of Cuba, keep a
strong naval armament in Cuban waters. While
this will have no hostile significance, it is de
signed to be an intimidation to Spain, that if that
power is so weak as to be unable to secure peace
and good order on that island in case of insurrec
tion or other grave public disturbance, this fleet
will be used in such case as a protection of Amer
ican citizens and interests on that Island, if needs
be, to the full extent of the power of the Govern
ment.
The Trouble with Spain—Matters
Look. Warlike—-Active Naval
Preparations.
Under date of November 20th, the Baltimore
Sun's Washington correspondent telegraphs as
follows:
Official advices received by the government yes
terday and to-day Indicate that we are Involved in
no inconsiderable difficulties with Spain, whose
officials la Cnba have for some time shown an ot
ter indifference to the protection of the life and
property of American citizens. The Caban volun
teers there have maltreated Americans and driven
them within a recent period ont of Havana. This
government, aware of this, has repeatedly repre
sented this condition of affidrs to the authorities
at Madrid, but without any other result than
promises of early action, which were never ful
filled. Yesterday affairs became so threatening at
Havana that the United States Consul-general tele
graphed that American citizens and officials need
ed the immediate protection of the protection of
the government. The matter was brought to the
attention of the Cabinet to-day, and an armed fleet
of four or five vessels has been ordered with all
possible dispatch to Havana, to be placed in im
mediate communication with the Consul-general.
The commanding officer of the fleet has instruc
tions, as Is learned from an entirely trustworthy
source, in case the Cuban volunteers destroy the
life and property of American residents, to demand
immediate apology and reparation, and If they are
refused, to Are the guns of the fleet on the city of
Havana. The gunboat Nlpsic, now at Pensacola,
will leave this evening, while the Terror, there un
dergoing repairs has been ordered into commission
to be dispatched at once to Havana also. The
Kansas has been ordered from the Brooklyn Navy
Yard to the same destination with all possible dis
patch, while the Severn and Nantasket are already
on their way to Cuban waters. Admiral Lee, com
manding the Sonth Atlantic squadron, is now In
Washington, bnt was active to-day, by orders of
the government, In dispatching his vessels so as
to be ready for any emergency. Owing to the rigid
censorship over the telegraph at Havana, but little
is known here of the immediate events which have
compelled the Consul-general to appeal for assist
ance. Bnt the condition of aflhlrs with Spain
arising ont of the Hornet difficulty and the treat
ment of Americans in Cnba Is sufficiently shown
by the diplomatic correspondence to warrant the
government in the startling measures it lias taken.
FOREIGN.
Lojidos, November 23, evening.—The sndden
severe weather cansea suffering among the poor.
Seventeen deaths have been reported as immedi
ately resulting from cold.
Alrxandma, Kotpt, November 25.-A steamer
with pilgrim emigrants to Mecca sunk from col
lision. Seventy-five pilgrims were drowned.
Pams, November 28.— At six o'clock, Bossel,
Ferre and Bourgeois were taken from their cells
and carried under a large guard to the outskirts
of C^mp Satory. A hollow square was formed, at
one end of which the condemned men were
placed. The behavior of theae men was most
courageous. Ferre refuted to be blindfolded. At
seven o’clock a company of troops advanced, and
leveling their muskets, at the word fired. Kos
sel was killed instantly. The others were not so
fortunate, but writhed to the ground, when the
soldiers, obeying orders, gave them the coup it
grace with their pLtots. The bodies were placed
In plain coffins.
Three tbonsand troops witnessed the execution,
and the sensation was profound. Young Rossel’s
death Is lamented even by those who deemed that
the Interests of the country demanded it.
Halifax, November 28.—The cholera has dis
appeared, and all the patients are rapidly recover
ing. The iufected districts arc still quarantined.
Qcibec, November 35 —The thermometer is ten
degrees below zero.
London, November 27,10 a. m.—The Prince of
Wsles passed a sleepless night The fever Is in
creasing, but the pitlent still holds ont. The
Queen is constantly at his bedside.
Matamoras, November 27.—Four tbonsand
Government troops are nearing SatiUo to ra se
the seige.
Cortina had appropriated the pay of the troops
at Camargo to himself, causing a revolt! A gene
ral revolt against the Government is expected on
December 1st
The revolutionists, under General Trevino, at
tacked Sattllo on the 25th, and fighting Is still go
ing on. General Rocha la advancing from SL
Louis Potost, with strong Government forces
within aiding distance. Trevino is reported short
of ammunition. Communication Is interrupted
entirely beyond Micr. Three hundred reinforce
ments for Matamoras are expected by sea from
Vera Crnz.
Rows, November 29. —The Pope protests against
all Idea of compromise with the rulers of Italy.
Cokst axtinoplk, November 29.—There baa
been a large increase of cholera lo Stamboul with
in the pest few days.
Madrid, November 20.—The Government to
day received a dispatch frocp Havana announcing
the execution. In that city yesterday, of eight
medical students who were concerned in a riot
The news created a profound sensation In Madrid,
and the ministry was immediately convened for
the purpose of considering what action should be
taken In the matter, and the departure of the mall
steamer which was to have sailed today from Ca
diz, for Cnba, was postponed for twenty-four
hbtirs.
Paris, November 80.--Crealaux, the com
munists, was executed yesterday at Marseilles. He
died courageously, and his last words were,
Vive la Bepubllque."
Madrid, November 30.—It Is reported that the
Government has resolved to send 80,000 reinforce
ments to Cnba, and remove Valmeeada.
Havana, November 80.—Vslmesada arrived on
Tuesday. The city is quiet
London, November 80.—The official bulletin
announces that the Prince of Wales to quiet to
day, with no farther abatement of fever. His
symptoms In the past two days are unchanged.
The Princess of Wales to arholly recovered from
her indisposition.
The Democrats have resolved to invite Sir
Charles Dllke to lectmre In St James Hall.
Matamoras, November 80.—General Trevino
telegraphs the revolutionists at Monterey that
he has captured the greater part of the city of Sal
tillo, and to pressing the seige vigorously. Sixteen
hundred government troops are hemmed Inside.
The water supply to cut oft He reports that Gen.
Querrsga had reinforced him with troops and sup
plies from Ceralvo. The capitulation of Saltillo
is hourly expected by the Insurgent sympathizers
here.
Havana, December 1.—A special report that
the bodies of the executed students have been re
fused to their parents. The students sentenced to
to the chain gang have been working In the streets
with criminals since yesterday.
NAAKETB BY TKLEUKAI‘U.
Dmcitlc Market!
Nrw York, December 1.—Cotton qniet and
steady; s*le# 1259 bale*; upland* 19; Orlean* 1WK.
Floor a shade firmer; common to (air extra 6 TO
@7 80; good to choice 86@9 85. Wheat 1@9
higher, winter red we*tern 1 00@1 09. Corn ic
higher. Bice firm. Pork active at U 25@i8 62)4.
Lard stead;; kettle \i%. B«o( qniet.
Monc; active at 7. Sterling 9@9><• Gold 10U
menta Inactive; (Us, (Me and 06#
@10)^. Government*
have advanced K; 40a X- Currency bonds de
dined X. State bond* heavy, tranaactlon* email;
new South Carolina* 8k
Baltixom, December L—Cotton in moderate
deaaand; middling* 1#X> stock MH.
Looiamu, December 1.—Pork II NfllB
Baton tartar, akooMan TJf.
St. Loins, December L—Pork 18 00. Bacon
firm. Business light.
Cincinnati, December 1.—Pork buoyant at
18 SO. Lard active and higher, kettle 9. Bacon
unchanged.
NbulZIrlians, December L—Cotton firm; mid
dlings 1B%@18%; stock 188,013.
Cn&nusToa, December 1.—Cotton firm; mid
dUngs 18%@18%; stock 80,836.
SavsjniAH, December L—Cotton market closed
active; middlings 13%; stock 63,741.
Mobilb, December 1.—Cotton qnlet and steady;
middlings 18; stock 88,419.
Galveston, December 1.—Cotton steady, good
ordinary 16%; stock 29,647.
Boston, December L—Cotton qnlet; middlings
19%; stock 7500.
blonroLK, December 1.—Cotton steady; lov
middlings 17%; stock 6487.
Mbmphis, December 1.—Cotton steady and in
(air demand; middlings 18; stock 19,700.
Philadilphia, December L—Cotton qnlet and
firm; middlings 19% @19%.
Foreign markets,
Liverpool, December 1. Cotton closed
steady; uplands 9%; Orleans 9%; sales 13,000;
speculation and export 4000.
Course ol Study.
[RBVUBD.J
Fob Admission on Trial.—'The Bible, in refer
ence to doctrineseenerally; Wesleys Sermons on
Justification by Faith, and on the Witness of the
Spirit: Book of Discipline; the ordinary branches
of an English education.
First Ybab.—The Bible, in reference to its his
torical and biographical parts, and its chronology;
Book of Discipline, with special reference to Chap.
1., Secs. 1 and 2; Manual of Discipline, Chaps. I.
and II.; Wesley’s Sermons, YoL.I.; Balaton’s Ele
ments of Divinity; Watson’s Institutes, Fart IV.;
Preachers’ Manual; History of the Organization
of the M. E. Church, South, by Bedford; Written
sermon on Repentance.
Books of Reference.—Watson’s Biblical and
Theological Dictionary; Theological Compend;
Fletcher’s Works; Watson’s Life of Wesley.
Sbcond Ybah.—The Bible, in reference to its
Prophetical parts; Wesley’s Sermons, Vol. II.;
Watson a Institutes, Part III.; Smith’s Elements
of Divinity; Book of Discipline with special refer
ence to Chaps. II., lit., and IV.; Mannal of Dis
cipline, Chaps. III., and IV.; Coppee’s Rhetoric;
Written Sermon on Justification by Faith.
Books of Reference.—Newton or Keith on the
Prophecies; Angus’s Hand-book of the Bible;
Claude's Essay on the Composition of a Sermon;
Watson’s Sermons; Bickerstith on the Bpirit of
Life; Whately’sBbetorlc.
Third Ybab.—The Bible, in reference to the
Life of Christ; Wesley’s Sermon’s, Vol. III.; Wat
son’s Institutes, Part II.: Coppee's Logic; Biv
ers’s Mental Philosophy; Edgar’s Variations of
Popery; Book of Discipline, with special reference
to Chap. V. to the end; Mannal of Discipline,
Chaps. V. VI. and VII.; Written Sermon on the
Witness of the Spirit
Books of Reference.—Young’s Christ of History;
Neander’s Life of Christ; Hickok’s Mental Sci
ence Vinet’s Pastoral Theology; Steven’s History
of Methodism; Paine’s Life of McKendree; D’Au
bigne’s History of the Beformation; Whately’s
Logic.
Fourth Ybab.—The Bible, in reference to the
Acts and Epistles, their analysis and design; Wes
ley’s Sermons, Vol. IV.; Watson’s Institutes,
Part I.; Powell on the Apostolical Snccession;
Hickok’s Moral Science: Moshelm’s Church His
tory; Summers on Baptism; Book of Discipline
reviewed; Mannal of Discipline, Chaps VIII. and
IX.; Written Sermon on Regeneration.
Books of Reference.—Butler’s Analogy; Bingham’s
Antiquities; Rivers’s Moral Philosophy; Hoppin’s
Homiletics; Wall on Infant Baptism; Litton’s
Church of Christ; Neander’s Church History;
Liddon on the Divinity of our Lord; Conybeare
and Howaou's Life and Epistles of SL Panl.
Commentaries.—Clarke’s, Watson’s Exposi
tion, Wesley’s Notes, Summers on the Gospels,
Stier’s Words of the Lord Jesus, Lange on the
New Testament, Olshansen on the New Testa
ment, Alford on the New Testament, Bloomfield
on the New Testament, Macknight on the Epis
tles, Henry’s Exposition, Whitby’s Commentary.
Notb.—The Examination will be confined to
the Course of Study. The books of reference are
recommended to no read, and the Commentaries to
to be consulted.
To the Presiding Elders of the Florida
Conference.
Please furnish me at your earliest convenience
with the names of the delegates elect to onr An
nual Conference. Very affectionately,
U. Sinclair Bird,
dec ?-3w| Bee. Fla. Conf.
Florida Conference.
Preachers and delegates coming by railroad or
otherwise, will report at tbe Methodist Church.
Half-fare arrangements will be made with the rail
road anthorities, if possible. Every preacher and
lay delegate ho Intends to attend the session of
the Conference, which begins Jan. Sd, 1873, will
please notify me by letter immediately.
Address Burns Dickinson,
dec fi-St Madisoii, Florida.
Class of the 2d Year, 8. G. Conference.
Meet tho Examining Committee at St. Lnke’s
Church, Columbus, on Tuesday Dec. i2th, at 10
o’clock, a. m. J. B. Littlejohn,
nov29-2wt Cbm’n.
The Preachers of the 3d Year, 8. G.
Conference,
Will please meet in Columbus, at tbe place which
may be appointed, on Tuesday the 12th Dec., at
11 o’clock. W. Knox.
nov29-2wt Chm'n.
Notice.
Tbe Board of Managers of the South Carolina
Annaal Conference” will meet at my residence,
Woffjrd College, Spartanburg, Sooth Carolina, an
Tuesday, Dec 13, 1&71, at 12 o’clock, M.
The following names compose tbe Board Dr.
A M Shipp, Rev H A. C. Walker, Rev. W. Mar
tin, Rev, W. V. Moozon, A. A Gilbert Esq., Robt.
Bryce, Esq G, W. Williams, Esq Simprou Bobo,
Esq and J. H. Kina'er, Krq.
Wbitefoobd Smith,
nov 221 Pieaident
One Fare.-8. C. Conference.
Mr. Editor: Please announce lor tbe informa
tion of the members of ttie South Caro lna Con
ference, ministers and Hymen, will be pusaed for
one fare, or half price, over all the Railroads In
South Carolina, to and from the approacblog Con
ference to be held at Spartanburg. In December.
Yours truly, hr. Martin.
Orphans* Home, So. Ga. Conference.
Tiie metnb -ra of the Board of*Trnstees of above
nimerl Institution are requested to meet in St
Luke’s Chine i, Columbus, Ga., at 11 o’clock, on
TuesdHy, December 12th, to prepare a Report on
tbe subject for the Conference.
The billowing are the members: E. H Myers,
S. Anthony.-G. rt. N. Maclionell, J. 8. Key, R.
B. Lester, J. E Evans, Dr H. Wlmbe Iv. Dr. W.
H. Hollioshead, J W. Jordan, Jr.. 11. L. Jewett,
J. W. Cheatham, and N. D. Guerry.
Th isc wbo have subscribed for the Home, to
pay this year, will send np the sum to tbe Con
ference. E. H. Mtbrs, Ch’n.
The Georgia Annual (Colored) Conference.
“TheGeorgia Annnal Conference of the col
ored MetbodUt Episcopal Chnrch in America,”
will convene on the 13th of December, at Mil
ledgeville, Ga.
As all onr preachers do not take tho Christian
Index, we especially beg, and request that the
white preachers, and other friends. Inform the
colored preachers of the placn and time of hold
ing the Conference. R. II. Vandihborst.
Nov 22 3w|
To Candidate! for Admission into So. Ga.
Coafereace.
Meet the Committee of Examination at 8k
Lnke Chnrch at 3 o’clock, Tuesday Dec. 12. Don’t
tall. N. B. OusLiT, Ch’n.
To the Presiding Elders of B. C. Coaf.
Drab Brbthrbn Yon will please let me know,
at yonr earliest convenience, the names of ley
delegates to tbe next session of Conference, ap
plicants for admission and local preachers for or
ders. And oblige truly yonrs,
C. H. Pritchard.
Spartanburg, S. C. novlS8wf
MARRIED.
Nov. 33d, 1871, la Morgan co., tia by the Rev.
J. L. (.opo, Mr. John H. Cox, of Madison, tia.,
to Miss Mai M. Fcrlow, daughter of Mr.
Charles Fnrlow.
On the 23d Oct., at the Methodist Church, In
Griffin, Os., by Rev. John W. Heldt, Dr. John W.
Vinson, of Fort Valley, to Miss Fannie L John
son, of former place, daughter of the late Rev.
Marcos D. C. Johnson.
By Rev. J. W. Heldt, on the 14th Kov., Mr.
Daniel B. Muse, of Meriwether co., to Miss
Leila E. Williams, daughter of Mr. John M.
Williams, of Griffin.
By Rev. J. W. Heldt, on the 23d Nov., Mr.
Huger W. Johnston, of New York, to Miss Emma
O. Johnson, daughter of Mr. Charlos H. Johnson,
of Griffin.
Bv Rev. J. W. Heldt, on the 23d Nov., Dr. Wil
liam E. Sweeny, of Augusta, Ga., to Miss Anna
Morgan, daughter of Rev. Thomas Morgan, of
Griffin.
By Rev. J. W. Heldt, on the 28d Nov, Rev.
Willard W. Wadsworth, to Miss Ada B. Ste
vens. daughter of Mr. Geo. W. Stevens, all of
Griffin.
On the 83d Nov., by Rev. 8. 8. Sweet, Mr. D.
M. Slocumb to Miss Sallie E. Jones, all of Hous
ton co., Ga.
On the 23d Kov., at the residence of James
Jones, Esq la Houston county, by Rev. 8. 8.
Sweet, Mr. L. L. Watson to MUs Mart A. Jones.
In Bamesvllle, Ga., 22d Nov. by Rev. John P.
Duncan, Rev. William F. Lewis, son of Rev.
Josiah Lewie, of No. Ga. Conference, to Mias
Mart Hulit Speer.
On the S3d Nov. by Rev. A. Nettles, Mr. Thomas
McCat, of Charleston co., to Miss Margaret R.
Bailee, of Georgetown co., 8. C.
On 1st Nov. 1871, by ReV. W. F. Qullllan. Dr.
A. 0. Qoillian to Miss Jahr C. Parks, all of
Lincoln co., Ga.
Oct 23d, by Rev. J. T. Lin, Mr. Franx L.
Miller to Miss Nannie 8. Baker, both of cave
Spring, Os.
In the Methodist Church, Cave Spring, Ga.,
Nov. 23d, by Rev. J. T. Lin, Mr. John A Tray
lor, of New Orleans, to Miss Leila Murrell, of
Ga.
By Rev. J. H. Baxter, Nov. 23d, 1871. Mr. H. L.
Wherless, of Meriwether co., tia., to Miss Mary
D. Lyon, of Wilkes co., tia v
At the residence of Mr. Hermon Wclsbrosd’s,
on Nov. 21st, 1871, by Rev. E. 8. Tyner, Mr. W.
D. Archer, of Key West, Fla., to MIssDaoan
hbart, of Tampa, Fla.
DIED.
Of croup, In Convert, Ga., on the 14th Nov.,
little Bennie, aged four rears and eleven months s
eon of Mr. sad Mra, Wash Clemmons.
is
ACKNO WLEDttM KNTS.|
For the Southern Christian Advocate.
From Nov. 85, to Deo. 8.
a From No. 3405, to No. 3441.
yj“ Bend all letters containing money to “J. W.
Burke Co., Macon, Ga.” Be careful to direct
as Instructed.
pm~ Observe: The following acknowledgments
ere on account of Advocate only—not for any
Other publication.
Agents caving sent names once win please not
repeat them, when sending the money to pay for
them, but only say “put 3-— to my credit?'
A—Alden, E. 8; Ainsworth, J. T. 0.
B—Briggs, A. J. 40; Baldwin, W. P. 3.
C—Colton, A. M. 18.50; Cottrell, J. B. 8.50;
Crockett, E. 10.
E—Embry, G. T. 6 dr.
F—Frankland, W. E. 3.
G—Gates, E. F. 10.
H—Heldt, J. W. 3 dr; Hinson, 3. 8; Heldt, 3.
W. 3 dr.
j—J unkin,B. J. 10.
L—Lane, W. 10; Lin, J. T. 4.50; Lupo, 3. L. 3
dr, Lamar, Mrs. S W. 1.50; Lowry, B. 1.
M—Miller, J. C. 3 dr, Mood, J. A. 3.50.
N—Newell, T. F. 8.
O—Oalln, w. W. 10; Onsley, N. B. 65.
P—Parker, W. C. 8; Power, W. C. 3 dr; Perry,
Mrs. TV. J. 1.
R—Roberts, J. H. 8; Rivers, W. P. 4.50 dr.
8—Stoll, J. C. 9 dr, Stevens, W. M. 3; Smith,
Tom Wash, SflilS; Smith, O. L. 6 dr; Smith, J. B.
W'—Wilkins, J. H. 3; Wilson, J. G. 15.97;
Ware, J. R 85.
Y—Yarbrough, G. W. 3.
Non.—The foregoing acknowledgments are for
the Advocate only. Moneys received tor Burke’s
Monthly and Book Store are not there acknowl
edged.
Now Advertisements.
E. CROCKETT’S
IRON WORKS,
FOURTH STREET, MACON, GA.
Manufacturer of iron railing,
both Wrought and Cast Iron, of beautiful
designs, suitable for enclosing Grave Lots, Pub
lic Squares, Front Fencing and Balconies. Iron
Columns, Lentell and Window Bills, Bracketts etc.
Steam Engine from 4 to 100 Horse power, both
portable ana stationary. Grist Flour and Saw
Mills made to order..
Hone Powers, Gin Gears, Pullys, Geering,
Boxes and Shafting. Repairing done at short
notice. Iron and Brass Castings made of pure
metal. Bend for Circulars,
dec 0-1 y
WANTED.
By a competent gentleman with
over twenty years experience, a situation as
teacher of Music and Modern Languagos.
The very best of references given.
Address C. DANNEBERG,
dec 6-3t Female College, Griffin Ga.
SITUATION WANTED.
A YOUNG LADY, VIRGINIAN BY BIRTH
and education, desires a situation as teach
er in some private family or Seminary.
She Is a graduate of one of the highest schools in
Virginia, has had experience In teaching, and can
fnrnish Ore best of reference from former patrons.
The school to commence the 1st of February, 1872.
Address, stating salary,
MIS8M. E. SEGAR,
Raccoon Ford, Culpepper county, Va.
dec 6-3t|
ILL US TLA. TEH
History of
THE BIBLE
By Win. SMITH, LLD.
AUTHOR OF SMITH’S BIBLE DICTIONARY.
It contains 344 fine Scripture Illustrations and
over 1100 pages, and is the most comprehensive
and valuable History of the Bible ever published.
The labor and learning of centuries are gathered
in this one TOlume, to throw a strong clear light
upon every page of the inspired Word.
AGENTS WANTED.—Send for Circulars and
see our terms and a full description of the work.
Address. NATIONAL PUBLISHING CO.
dec 6-4t| Atlanta, Ga.
Plabths, F armies andGardinkbb snbscri be for
THE AMERICAN FARMER,
Now combined with THE RURAL REGISTER,
and published monthlv at No. 9 North street, Bal
timobb, Mm, by 8AML. SANDS A SON. It
is the Meet Agricultural Journal in America, and
was conducted over 25 years by our Senior! New
senes begins Janunry 1st, 1872. $1.50 a year, In
advance; 5 copies $5; 11 for 810. Send for Pros
pectus, P remium Lists, etc. dec 6-2m|
MAGIC LANTERN.
HARCT’S SCIOPTICON
Ii a greatly improved form of MAGIC LAMTXBJf,
combined with e Sefo end Powerful LAMP.
Pot Home, Amdap-aeSooi, and Lertwn Mmm,
It is unrivalled. For circulera eddreee
L. J. MARCY,
1M> Chastant BL, Philadelphia, IB.
THE SCIOPTICON MANUAL, Including Optloe, Experiment!,
BUds-meking, Ac., vent by man on receipt of 90 cents.
dec fl-4t|
A Desirable Hiss. Tuere is the biss of lidl
cule, tbe bir s of scoi n, the hiss of snakes in the
grass; but the most delightful! hiss Is that of
Tarrant's Effervescent Saltier Aperient
In tbe sparkling goblet, giving assurance to the
Invalid tbathie thirst will be deliciously assuaged;
that bis .tomach will be refreshed and purified;
that if be la feverish, bis body will be cooled by
healthful evaporation tbat if he is constipated,
lhe difficulty will pass away without a pang; and
that If the condition of his general healih la im
paired, it will be speedily restored <Jf course, he
will take care to procure none but the genu
dec filial,
MISCELLANEOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.
B07R A MONTn—Expenses paid—Male
Wv# Vor Female Agents—Horse and outfit
famished. Address, Novelty Co Saco, Me.
nov M-iooil
ILLUSTRATED
History of
THE BIBLE
By Wm. SMITH, LL.D.
Acthob or Smith’s Biblb Dictionaxt.
It contains 243 fine Scriptnre Illnstratlons and'
over 1100 peges, and la the most comprehensive
and valuable History of the Bible ever published.
The labor and l-arulngof ceuturleaare gathered
In this one volume to throw a strong, clear light
upon every page of the inspired Word.
AGENTS WANTED.—Send for circulars and
end see our terms, and a full description of the
work. Address,
NATIONAL PUBLISHING CO., 274 278
Second St, Memphis, Tenn. nov29--8mt
A PROFESSOR OF MUSIC IN NOBTH CAR
OLIN1 is desirous of exchanging bis pres
present location for one offering a larger field of
operations. Any church or community needing
the services of an Organist or Leader, would do
well to address as below. The Professor is pre
pared to teach the Organ, Piano forte. Guitar,
violin. Flute, Binging, Harmony and Thorough
Bass, also Brass and 8tring bands. Best of re
ferences given If tequlred. Address,
DR. G. G. H.
nov29-5tt Lincolnton, N. C.
Over ONE HUNDRED PAGES-printed in
Tire Colon, on superb Tinted Paper.——
Four Hundred Engravings of Tloirari, Plante
and Vegetables, with Descriptions, and TWO
COLORED PLATES.-Directions and
Plana for making Walks, Lawns, Gardens,
&o.-The handsomest and best FlSMrad
Glide in the World.-All for Te»
Cesntn* to those who think of buying Seeds.
-—Not a quarter the cost-800,000 told
of 1871. Address f
JAJCfeUt 7ICB, Bsshnlir, Jf.
Nov29-8t
Gen. Lee at Stonewall»s Grave—
A magnificent 14x18 Inch engraving, rep
resenting the tomb of ibe great Southern war
rior, Stonewall Jackson. Tbe noble-looking form
of Gen. Lee stands bedde tbe flower strewn grave,
over Which hangs a weeping willow, in the dls
tanca Is to be teen a beautiful landscape, bllla
decked In verdute; clouds as natural as real onea,
and msny other things which make tht* picture s
fiem of art. one which should and wlllUna a place
i the parlor of every Southern home. Sent by
anil, securely rolled end poet-psld, on receipt Of
80 orate, or tor to eta. Agent* wanted.
»YMkv
■ovXtwt
FRUIT TREES F0& SALE.
Grafted on seedling stocks. Apple*,
Fean, Peaches, Nectarine*, Apricot*. Plain*,
and Scnppernong Qrapea. All communications,
either by mall or express, moat be directed to
WM. MO RLE Y, Snapping Shoal*, via Covington,
Ga. Catalogues sent on application.
nov29-2mf
FOR SALE.
A DELIGHTFUL RESIDENCE, SUITABLE
for a large family, with sixty or more acre*
of land attached, within the corporate limit* of
the city of Athens, Ga. It is a beautiful place—
the houses all recently built—within easy walk
of both the High School and the UnlTenlty of
Georgia; and Is, In every respect, a most eligible
situation. The owner is called to such duties at
another point, that It would best salt his conven
ience to sell the place with the stock,and farming
utensils, carriages, wagons, horses, cows, etc., etc
—and even the household end kitchen furniture—
to one purchaser. Terms accommodating.
Apply to Ruv. E. H. MYERS,
nov 8-tfl Macon, or Athena, Ga.
ladies' Trousseau 1” for $200.
6 MusUn Chemises.at $2.25.$18.50
Linen “.at 4.75.2&50
1 Bridal Set (8 pieces). .12.00
0 Pairs Muslin Drawers.at 2.00.12.00
6 Linen at ATS.18.80
3 Plain Cotton Skirts.at A25. 6.75
8 Tucked at 8.00. 0.00
3 Plain Muslin Night Dresses at 4.50.13.50
8 Tucked CambrlcNlght at 5.00.15.00
3 Embroider.d at 0.00. 27.00
2 Flannel Skirts.at 5.00.10.00
2 Corset Covers.at 3.75. 7.50
1 A 75
2 Dressing Sacque*.at 3.50. 7.00
1 Delaine Kobe de Chambre. .at .15.00
$200.00
The whole or any single article of the above Out
fit may be had upon application or will be sent by
express, C. O. D. Every article Is made in the
best manner, and from the best materials. Direc
tions for self-measurement, together with list of
articles in Trouieea “A" for $150, and “C” for
$250, lent by mail if desired.
LORD TAY0R,
Importers and Wholesale and Retail Dealer* in
FASHIONABLE DRY GOODS,
Broadway, cor. 20th St.
NEW YORK,-! Broadway, cor. Grand St.
Grand St. cor. Chrystie St.
dec 0, dec 27|
FREE TO BOOK AGENTS.
We will send a handsome Prospectus of onr
New Ilhutrated Family Bible containing over 200
fine Scripture Illustrations to any Book Agent,
free of charge. Address National Publishins
Co., Atlanta, Ga. novl5-4t
WI ai KG aft—how made—of Cider, Wine, or Sor
V 11* go, in 10 hours. F. SAGE, Cromwell Conn,
aug 30-3m|
F-AXiXj o-ooids
OCB STOCK or
Foreign and Domestic Dry Goode
NOTIONS, ETC.,
Is now full and complete. We bare the Invest
and most varied stock ire have ever exhibited to
the trade.
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT PARTICULAR
LY ATTRACTIVE, AND PRICES LOW.
Our motto Is
“Short Profits and Quick Spies.”
And we (eel confident of giving satisfaction to all
who may favor ns with their patronage.
We respectfully invite the public to call and ex
amine onr stock.
W. A. BANKS A SONS,
43 Becond at, Triangular Block,
oct 25-8m Macon, Ga.
SEWING MACHINES!
Serai Mines! Serai laddies!
815.00, 825.00.
$15. “THE OCTAGON”
For only $15.00. So simple It never gets out of
order.
THE BEST, CHEAP FAMILY SEWING MA
CHINE IN THE UNITED STATES.
This Machine will Stitch, Hew. Fill, Tuck,
Quilt, Cobd, Bird, Bbaid and Embboisbk in a
superior manner. It is acknowledged by the best
judges to stand entirely ABOVE AND BEYOND
any cheap machine ever produced before.
You can cut every third stitch of this saw
ing, and then we will give you s machine If you
can pull the cloth apart without tearing 11.
$25. The “Home Shuttle”
for only $25.00, ThU Machine rues two threads
and makes the loek stitch alike on both sides and
has the celebrated unrivalled nnder feed. The'
team*«rill neither rip nor need. This is the cheapest
reliable SHUTTLE MACHINE in the United
States, and the only practical low-priced. Lock
stitch Sewing Machine ever invented.
It will Hew, Fell, Bind, Cobd, Bbaid, Siam,
Tuck, Rufflb, Hbwstitcu, Gathkb and sew on
at the same time.
WARRANTED.
Every Machine warranted for five years.
Machine for Minn!*2*
Any person sending ns an order for 5 OCTA
GONS’’ or 8 “HOME SHUTTLES” wlU bepre
sented with an “Octagon” as com mission. Any
person sending an order for 5 “HOME SHUT
TLES" will be presented an extra “HOME SHUT
TLE” as commission.
AG ENTS WANTED. Liberal terms elves
Agents Deductions ma le to minister* the
Gospel. Seud a postage stamp for circular and
samples of sewing. Address
REV. C. H. BERNHEIM,
octll-3m GlbsonviUe. Guilford Co., N. C.
VE2L CHICAGO
Si GREAT CONFLAGRATION.
The Quern City as it vxu and it. The Hemlet of
forty yean ago. '(he Great City of yesterday. The
Fsfaiof to-day.
A graphic account of its unexampled rite sad a
vivid picture of its sudden destruction, by CoLBBBT
and Chamkeblain, Editors of the CHICAGO
TRIBUNE, Eye witneiee* and great Offerer* from
the terrible uUUation. The only reliable work.
Fully Illustrated Price low. Agent* should
apply immediatel) as the sale will be IMMENSE,
Circulars free.
1DIBAH lift, htfikn, 78 Sum Stmt. Wk.
CAUTION.—B ware of inferior works. Be
sure yon get COLBERT AND CHAMBER.
IAIN’S EDITION.
■eplS-ly;
THE SERVICE OF SONG.
A TREATISE ON SINGING IN PRIVATE
Devotion, in the family and in the school,
and in the Worshipping Congregation. By Rev.
A. G. Stact, A. M. Pries—postage prepaid, $1.50.
A snpp y lost receivi d, by
J. W. BURKE A CO.,
nov 23-Stl Macon, Ga.
ROWER PLEDGED
III
H


Equal to any OVERSHOT, with
N. F. BURNHAM’S
D7ETW TTJXIBXN’S.
tV* Illustrated, Descriptive Pamph
let and Price List, for 1871, sent free
by N. F. BURNHAM, Yobk, Pbbb’a.
sng. <Mkn| _

z
n
m
BRINLT PLOWS
BUT AID UIEAPBBT II LIE.
Uftve Uken over 888 rraalun $1
Fairs throughout the South. Bead for
illustrated Cataloguevith
Price Li«t,and certificates
I of planters who use them.
SOLI MAMOrACTUBKES:
BUILT, Mint A HABIT,
Leuuvuu. Kx.
AngS-fimf
CHARLESTON ADVERTISEMENTS.
WI. WHILDEN, Afent,
Duun n
WATCHES, JSWELBT,
SILVER AND PLATED WARE,
CLOCKS, KIKE CUT AND BKQR4TBD SLABS.
TABLE CUTLERY, CHINA AND WHITE
GRANITE GOODS, VASES, TOILET
SETS, FANCY ARTICLES.
Orders from the Country carefully filled and sstls
facUon guaranteed.
Sfift KINO STREET, (CORNER BEAUFAIN,)'
Key Box 531, CHARLESTON, SC.
Septfi—Sm
A. B. MULLIGAN,
If*
COTTON FACTOR
CHARLESTON, C.
oct 4-ly|
CeorK* W. Williams Oo.
Merchants and bankers, rathe
Street, Charleston, 8. C.
Williams, Simla Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS, BEAVIB
Street, and SO Exahange Plaoa, H. C.
Caorga W. WHIIams A Oo.,
£jom* JACTOHS, OROROR-aT^Oyy.
BALTIMORE ADVERTISEMENTS,
TOM. WASH. SMITH,
ADVERTISING AGENT,
Ho. 7 St Paul St, Baltimore,Md. (Up Stain.)
Is the authorized Agent for the Southern Chrie
tian Advocate, in Baltimore.
Standard papers—Sectarian and Commercial.
We study onr patrons’ interest octll-tf
TREES, PLANTS, BULBS
AND
FLOWERS.
My CATALOGUES now ready and mailed to
all applicants.
ROBT. J. HALLIDAY,
Florist and Seedsman,
Ootl8-6m
BALTIMORE, MD.
CANFIELD, BRO. CO.f
Ho. 230 Baltimore St, Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock ol
'Waltham Watches.
These Watches have a reputation folly establish
ed, and are sold at a lest profit than any competing
Watchea in the market
We also keep a fall stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
DIAMONDS, RICH JEWKLHV,
STERLING SILVER Wait. a
TRIPLE SILVER PLATER WARE.
PORKS. SPOONS, KNIVES,
CLOCKS, BRONZES, VASES,
OPBR GLASSES.
FANS and PINE PANOV GOODS.
Orders hare prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fain. octll-ly
ARMSTRONG GO.,
manufacturers of
STOVES AND HOLLOW-WARE,
Plows and Plow Castings,
PORT deposit, md.,
Beg leave to call the particular attention of
HOUSEKEEPERS, STOVE DEALERS and the
TRADE generally, to their celebrated Cooking
Stovea,
EMERALD AND VIRGINIA,
Which we will guarantee In all cases to give en
tire satisfaction.
We are also manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING STOVER, RANGES, PARLOR and
FIBE PLACE HEATERS. We would mention
Magill’s Patent Fire-Place Heater.
MegttTt Atari Goa and Smoke cannoning Ban
Burner, evitable far Churehee, Schoole, Storee, War*
losses, Abe., Ate.
Manufacturer* of and Wholeeale Dealer* in Tin
ware and Enameled Ware
Send for descriptive and illustrated Catalogue
or call and examine onr Stock.
Beepoiuible Agenie wanted la every principle
Town In the country to sell onr Stoves.
Address all communications to
JAMES ARMSTRONG,
Office and Salesroom M Light St.,
Sept27-8m Baltimore, Md.
School Histories for Fall of 1871.
BLACKBURN AMcDONALD’S
Graanar Moot History, D. S.
210 pp. CLOTH $L25.
ILLUSTRATED WITH 8 COLORED MAPS.
"The great desideratum in School books for
Southern Children Is freedom from partisan preju
dice and political misrepresentations. This work
gives a just account of the late war. It records
facta, and withholds opinions. It tells the truth,
and fosters no bitterness. The style la good; the
sentences are brief and perspicuous; the arrange
ment mw and attbactivb.”—Baltimore Bpiteo
pat Methodat, May 27th.
The New School History ef the U. S.,
(Formerly known as The Southern.)
610 pp. Cloth, SI.*76.
IlAVgTBA.TZD WITH EIGHT COLOBXD MiPS.
One or both of these books have been adopted
by many of the beet Weaiern and Southern Pri
vate Schools, and by the Public Schools of Missis
sippi, Maryland and Louisville, Ky.
On receipt of $2 we will mall a copy of both for
examination. Fob Salb bt all Booksbllbbs.
WM. J. C. DULANY It CO., Publishers,
Augl5-ly Baltimobb, Md.
[Established la 1848.]
HORNERS
Maryland Super-Phospate.
To ths fiiiin ud PlaaTers of ilarylamd and the
Snttk iwinUf.
(Wo coart tbo caemlst’e Invalrv.)
After 23 jeers’ experience in the Fertilising bos
loess, end after establishing e wide reputation for
the parity end excellence of hit AwDutthe sub
scriber bet been induced to prepare e Phoephate
snltable to the reqnireuivnts and every wej worthy
the attention of the Southern farmer.
The “Maryland” is a Rejuvenator and permanent
Improper of the soil. It etimulatee equal to Jent
*fe» Guano, and sustains equal to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liberal percentage of Jbtart in the reeidnnm.
There is no adulterator nor inferior article need—
every particle of the Phosphate being of essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor expense
have been spued In its preparation, and we claim
for it the oreateet benefit to the farmer from the
•NdZ/tti outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
etlmulant and aiiment for worn and impoverished
land there can be nothing superior, it is war
ranted to run as high in Ammonia and higher in
Bone Phoephate than any other fertiliser in the
market.
Price |i0 per ton, in new bags. No charge for
delivery. JOSHUA HORNER, Ju;
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant.
Offlceand Warehouse, 54 8. Gay St. General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew and Stirling Sta., Balti
more, Md
Bom M, $45,Bon< M-eal’
solved Bone, (47, our
own manufacture, in new bags; Eastern and Wes
tern Bane Dost |Si. Pern via a Onano, delivered
from Peruvian Government Warehouse at lowest
rates. No charge for delivery.
JOSHUA
Juljl#-lyl
HORNER, J*.
HHftSM
S WATER '/fHEEtcr
Send for a Circular
aplM-ly
BALTIMORE
Mill 8tone Manufactory,
MTT.T. FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
DBALKRM IB
BOLTING CLOTHS,
BELTING, SMUT MACHINES, Eta, Me.
B. F. STARR, A CO.,
may 101y 173 North St Baltimore, Ml.
HUMAN HAIR GOODS.
J. HANEY,
Hair-Dresser, Wig-Maker, Importer and Manufac
turer of Wigs.^Toupees, Braids Cr.rta, etc.
Every description of Ornamental Hair Work,
for Ladles and Gentlemen, constantly On hand and
made to order, et the shortest notice end moder
ate prices. For any of the above named articles,
or information concerning them,
Address J. HANET.
141W. Baltimore Street Baltimore, Md.
Ubtnl Dtocout aUewtS tollw Tnrtfc
ftjft Starfcdi.
VACUA MAKJKET.
»*o. 8, 1871, n __
General Commission Merchant, and
No. 64 Second Street. Maeon. 6m.
U IWH1
A(r*.
OOTTON—Ordinary ..163. Good Orilun
If* LowMidffliiigl?... Middling 17*3^
NATld InzL
COMMERCIAL FERTILIZERS—Kettlewell’s
A Manipulated Peruvian 976 00 pet torf
Kettlewell’i A Manipulated Peruvian 675 CO
per ton; Ammonlated Alkaline Phosphate
966 00 per ton; Alkaline Phosphate MO 00
per ton; Mapes’ Superphosphate gfc 00 per
ton; Pure Peruvian Gnano $80 00per ton:
Balaton’s “Cotton Bale Brand’’ Dissolved
Bones and Ammonia 966 00 pet ton; Die
Mlved Bone—pure 960 00 per ton; Bone
Dust—pure 960 00 per ton; t-»«A Plaster
$3 50 per bbl; Whitdoek’s Vegetator 965 00
per ton.
BACON—Bacon stock Air and demand fair.
•■]A<ai....c; Canvassed 16..
aio..; Smoked Cleat Bidet 10..
Clear Bibbed Bides smoked
Smoked Shoulders 9.
..9..@; Bulk C Ribbt-^
loi^frflgE-a’Jras-iSI^-BS
dltt 18(<$...
rU>U£"Saff2?*-*8 °°L *rtr* 98 80; Family
6®@8 60; Extra Family 910 00; Choice
912 M other Auer brands
•es smoked 9*<kl6..;
9..&....; Bulk C sides
bbed 9...®Bulk
WBN—Stock^desnand light White 9631 06
COBHMEA L-ll 96 pet bwhal retail. $1 OKI 10
hnshal »K«ai n■ 1 a ha _
bushel wholesale. Cats 70c@75.
00l^%«l I^oejra 983;
Ins
SoGii1i;.rfiaaiik£yt"',sja
aviimopao* a mm. Aennd ML
B extraC14..@; ^eilowCoflee
14..0..C; Crushed »..c; Powdered
16--c; Porto Rico 14..«....e; Prim* New
Orleans 14..3....C; Geonris 12*314...
Suxar House Strap 75c, Georgia TUt, Klori
da70c; Cube 603... New lark Wolssscs
86®40.
CANDLEo—Star ltgUe; •--ttai 16318c
_patent Sperm 16c; Faraflne 40c.
B'jnaB AND CHBB8B—We Quote MsfPsn
2utt" “SSiiS* Country 86360c; boo*
ESaU*”
SHOT—Drop st 98 16; Bud 99 ML
T*A8ETr"6i^rifi2iS' «tapow4«
ei io; Diacx tea ai noa to.
PAINTS AND OILS—Linseed91 Mpv cation
Tanners 9100; White lead 8U OQfclS M
_per cwt.
POWDER—Orange Rifle Powder FFFB. whole
9? 503§ 60; halves 94 00;
92 2532 ■a', Blasting 96 00§6 OOl'
BAGGING AND ROPE-We a note Gunny.. 18C. j
Bengal20. .3..; Eagle 20..A... Boneo»8
Hnnhu A nakn. on A ah*_aa
Double Anchor 20.Star 20...T
Extra Kentucky 30. .3....;
Green Leaf Begging 903..; Machine Rope 10
Had m»dej*c; Msnills lie. Arrow Ties
0*3c- A No. 1, 80a. Prattville Osnaburmi
16.. 315)4.
OSNAB0BOS—Prattvma Net 1 15.. 315*.
Macon Sheeting 4—418.. c.
Bnalneaa (Sir.
CHARLESTON MARKET.
ooanonD jot. 99, n sn w. wnusnaott,
Wholesale Grocers, 1 and S Hayna BA, r"—
ton. B.G.
BAGGING—per yard. Bunny 193IS*.
BALE ROPE—per h. Cantneky or Weatsn 8.3
12*; Manilla 20..3.7^
BACON—per A .Horn 17..31S*
CANDLES—per A.
193 Tallow
CHEESE—per A
Ordlnc-7.... „.1M4317
Good Ordhuy ..^«..u52lj
Low Middling.... 17*317
Mil_
Strict _
TLOUB—per bhL Bxtr* $7 2937 76.
GRAIN—per bush.
39..., fw
HAT—per hundred.
Com 9..
7631 00
<1 6631 ML
«1«
LIME—
MOJ
60c.
a—pet A. .Ml
bb£ 91 7*3800.
■per gaL Cuba Mutcsvado
NAILS—per keg. Assorted Parke* Mm BA
POWDER—perxeg. Orange Rife96 003...
BICE—per A 7*37*
SUGAR—per A. New C
Ortaana....3. Mju*
dariAia 19X314*.
SUGAR-perA.
covado
Omhed___
SALT—per A. Liverpool 91 603.
SHOT—per A. Drop 31O14.
EPICEB-pmA. Pepper ..®K Ginger 312*.
Alsplce 19*...
ATLANTA MARKET.
COTTON—Middling 16*3.. c.
Good Ordinary ..003 Ordinary
Low Middling
angai eared
@16*
BACON—pet lb.
—3.
try. .3.. clear Sides 8**8*. ~8Uea dear
rib .6*19* Shoulders »*i8*
BAGGING—par yard. Kentnehy U» 3a
Canaan aT
Plata canvsmod 14318
BALE
9T32&
ROPE—per lb.
Hand made 839t
BRAN—per ton. HI 50396..; per 1
BUTTER—per lb. Goaben 80340...
100 lbs 61 90. et
Country t5
OOPTEB—per lb. Rio 28 325 Java 86388
CANDLES—per lb Adamantine 18)4314..Tallow
12*3... SpeimlS®..
CORN M EAL- par busnw, 96 .31 00
COTTON TARNS—per 51b Noe. B <>4d 10 62 10.
No*. 8, 10 and U 92 10.
FEATHBR8—new net lb. 78080
DRIED FRUIT—Peeled Peach? 10c. per At not
poetui 4 0015 00 per bushel ^pplca 8 69
per bushel.
FLOUR—per barrel, Taney 99 50310 <X> Faml
L 97 2539 00 Soperdrie <6 2S<?6 00.
GRAIN—uei bnanel. Wheat $1 70m1 90 Com
9 .9631 00 Oats 66370. Bye 9) 8631 life
Bariev 91 1531 85.
HAT—per ton. 833<9ltS; per 10U ibe. 91 8639 00.
HIDES—per lb. Green 637. Dry raltad 0316
Dry FUnt 16317.
IRON—per lb. Swedes 6*3*... Pittsburg b»r
6«6.. Hoop 11319* Hall rod 10319...
Casting 1*39*
lb. Bi
LARD—per lb. Buckets 13*3; e*xa 18*3; tlere#
LBATHE^-per lb. White Oak toie 4036a. Hear.
lock sole 21388. Upper per
Haraeas leat
LIMB—per bniheL Georgia tad aiaham. SQ08Ur.
Hydraulic Cement 65 60S. par band.
Platter of Paris 60 00 per Gam].
LUMBER—per M. Pruning HO 00 All plank
(men) 668 SO. Weatherboordlng 669 86
flooring tongaedandgrooved 688 SO Shin
flea, pine, drawed 66 (A. flawed 66 7506 00.
White Oak wagon Umber 680 00. Watont
flgO oo,
MEAL—pm boabel 6. .8501 00.
MOLASSES—per gallon. CabaS8..0«. Flood*
06^75. Mew Orleans 70080 Syrap 730
NAILS—per keg. Sd One 60 00 8d«7S0i 4dt
6600
OSNABURGS—per rant 80080
PEAS—per bushel, gl 150185.
POWDER—per keg, 86 pounds, fl:
65 SO
SALT—per bag, <8 0008 85.
SHOT—per bag. 68 850
SUGAR—per lb AU014X Extra Cld..014.
Fair to Brown, choice 12018.
85; bloating
TOBACCO—per lb. Onsonnd ao06O. Boned OR
0A Choice 61 85. Smoking 50061 00
COUNTRY PBODUCK-Egg* 87088e per dozes
Chicken* 23085 Sweet potatoee 75c061 00
per bnahel. Irish potatoes 60 000;... per
bnsheL
FINANCIAL—Exchange on New York baying *t
|v. selling at X advance. Gold, baying at
10, selling, 1 ii Silver, baying 104 selling
1 06: Gold Dost, baying selling
Bullion. baying.selling
AUGUSTA MARKET.
BACON—per*. Shoalden 8X08X dear Side
...09X. Hama 15..018
BAGGING AND ROPE—per yd. Gs
Cotton ....080. Manilla per It. i
BUTTER—per We*tern ....0....
40A45. Country 85. .085.
Rio 18028. Java 88.
Mixed 90..096.
060.
White
ll 05
COFFEE—per
CORN—per bosh.
61 0001 05.
CORN MEAL—per bnah. 6.
WHEAT—per both. White fll 0002 00.
FLOUR—per bbL City MUM 67 5001100. Oos»
try 67 0009 5a
LARD—per 15018.
OAT8—per bnah. 050...
NAILS—per keg. 668506 8a
MOLASSES—per gaL Muecorado 48045.
Syrnp 75c0#l SO.
PEAS—per bnah. 610006100
PEAS MEAL per bnah. 1 000.
RICE—per A. 8@8%.
RYE—per bnah. 61100.
SALT—per sack. Liverpool 61 0001 78.
SUGAR—per 6. Muscovado ..11018... Port*
Rico 12X013 Powdered and Cnmhed 16K
010.. Loal 1O016X
TEaS—per A. 61 Afl A
TOBACCO—per t>. 00061 BA
Sen I*
SAVANNAH MARKET.
COTTON—per A. Middlings .7X018
lands ....0.
BACON—per A. Shoulders 8. .08... Char Bid. a.
8X0«X... Hama 17018
BAGGING AND ROPE—par A, Ganay 170....«
Hemp Rope 6X01OX
IRON TIES—per A. 6X06.
BUTTER—per A. Goahen 66088. WSatern 16
Caba
COFFEE—per*. Bio 81..086... Java 88.
FLOUR-per bbl... Superttne 67 00167 SO
tra 68 00066 00. Family 68 OO&llO 0A
Fancy 6ll 00@ i 00.
CORN—twr bnah .9o0*l 10
PEAS—per bnah. 0_0.
HAT—ocr ban. 61 0601 90. _
MOLASSES—per gaL Common 56..0...
88040. Golden extra 01080...
RICE—Common to Good per 7X08..
SALT—pm sack. Liverpool 1 SOtgr 0A
SUGAR—per 0 Crashed and Powdered 14X0
15a A. White 14W. B. White 14a C.Bx
tralSX YeilowCiax.
TOBACCO- per M. 5501 04 Smoking4DM10
TIMBER AND LUMBER—per thou*. Mill Tkt*
bar $7 0008 0A Flooring Boards 660 M
000 Demand(kir
EXCHANGE—New York sight: bn
S-lOper oant premium; eMng
«mt fltmt ng -elxty days X..
FUIGHTR—bo Mew Jort\Lt_5 on Ephmgt

SSr
OtTMWHdMBMrWl wni