to go tb rough the ceremonies of the ritual,
to talk to women and ohildren about the
Church,” to bwell with the assurance of
apostolical pedigree, and to behave with
ceremonial decency at weddings and, funer
als—all that requires Ho more use of the in
tellect than the foootians of a Muaselman
Imaupu We lament the depadwvy of the
pn'pn it theEpiscopal Chmreh tormany
reaeons. It will draw into their ministry
many men of small capacity who can not
maintain themselves where preaching pro
vides an intellectual teat. It will inevitably
foster Ritualism, as the expedient of cleri
cal medioority to preserve its respectability.
Worse than all, it will ntterly prevent “the
Church from “preaching the gospel to the
poor,” which is the grand commission of
Christianity. In our conversations with
Episcopalians, nothing is so striking and so
painful as the disregard far the sermon. By
many it seems only tolerated. Yet our
Lord instituted it as the oue human instru
ment of saving the world; and history gives
universal attestation to the wisdom of the
provision. We respectfully suggest to the
evangelical part of the Episcopal clergy that
they shonld turn their attention to strength
ening the pulpit against the encroachments
of the desk. Preaching is too strong for
ceremonies when it has free oourse.
There is one other matter of which, in all
kindness and good hnmor, we feel moved to
speak. As s general thing the courtesy and
urbanity of the Episoopal clergy are admir
able, bnt it really is not polite to compel
every Methodist, even immediately upon in
troduction, to decline an invitation to join
“the Church,” especially when the invita
tion is bssed upon the presumed inferiority
of his own. Methodist bishops and minis
ters do not feel it necessary to tell their
Episcopalian brethren upon sight all the de
fects we think we see m their denomina
tion. It wonld not be courteous, and
eonrtesy is not denominational. Only
widgeons can be canght by this sort, of fish-:
ing, and, perhaps, “the Chureh,” like
other Churches has enough of these al
ready.
Since the writing of. the above we have
seen the Pastoral Address of the Bishops.
It is unexpectedly evangelical in its tone,
and decided in its rebuke of Romanist doe
trines and Ritualist innovations. It is quite
exhiiirating to find the Episoopal bishops so
unequivocally on the side of spiritual
religion. We are sincerely glad of it, and
earnestly hope that their admonitions will
be heeded by the Church —Si. Louis Chris
tian Advocate.
—i-,<♦»<- *ir.
California.
Chiaamea~Sea«Lions» Kelp—San Diego.
BT BISHOP KEENER.
Los Angela, Oct. 20,1871.
I begin where I left off rather than where
I am. A missionary who is laboring in San
Franciaoo among the Chinese, the Rev, Mr.
Qraves, of the Southern Baptist Church,
and who has spent years at Canton, was kind
enough to introduce me to the Chinese
quarter. This occupies several entire
squares quite in the business part of the
city. It is not merely rented, but largely
owned by wealthy Chinamen, and is sub
leased to suffocation. I bave observed dif
ferent races of men require different meas
ures of oxygen; the English more than the
French, and negroes and Chinamen least of
all. The latter can festoon themselves after
a style that would seem to place one to every
square yard of habitable shelter. In every
room or shop, whether large or small, into
whioh we looked, there were from four to
ten men. Those at work were very busy,
but a good many were lounging or saunter
ing as if waiting for something to turn up.
This competes a large class. There are
among them seventy gambling houses, duly
advertised as such—to be known by their
white signs. Fifty thousand or more of
these wide-awake Orientals will make an
impression upon San Francisco and all this
ooast that can be felt; and many more are
on the way. Two-thirds of the gold mines
of Oregon and California are owned by
them. Whenever a mine pays leas than *6
a day to the hand, it is abandoned or sold
by Americans, and falls into the hands of
Chinamen. There is no comparison be
tween this race and the negro. Every one
of these people of the "myriad land can
read ana write; they can work as long, as
hard and as swift as a Connecticut farmer.
As factory hands they can surpass anjr raioe
in endurance and long continued activity.
Their preaeuoe in this country will give rise
to a contest as fieroe as any that has ever
been waged on account of the African. Tbe
laboring man of white blood cannot compete
with these men of the East, because be is
not content to breathe as little air, to live
on as plain fare, or to dries as roughly as
they ao. But the capitalist seeks cheap
labor, and shuts his eyes to everything else;
and the politician prefers a constituency
that can be bought to one that can only be
convinced. It may be set down as one of
the uses of Mexico, that she has demon
strated the impossibility of a republic in a
population of different oolored races. There
are three missions, the Baptist, Presbyte
rian and Northern Methodist, doing good
work here among these civilized heathens
from China.
In steaming out of the Golden Gate, just as
it is passed, going down the ooast, one sees
several large rocks, a quarter of a mile or
leas from the shore, which are covered with
sea-birds, seels and sea-lions. They are
proteoted by lew, aad constitute one of the
curiosities of Sau Francisco. The seal is
notnnlike a Ghineae baby about the head
and eyes, as it lifts itself straight np ont of
the water aad looks at you quite intelligent
ly, with only the long neek and round head
visible. Those creatures manage with their
flippeaa to abash np to the top of these"
rooks, and there they lie in the sun, with
an occasional sea-lion among them, that
would weigh several thousand pounds. In
the water they swim in droves, and are ac
tive enough to chase down the shoals of
The sea was as smooth as an inland lake
all the wav from Sen Francisco to San Diego
—save only the long swell that seems to be
a constant feature of the Pacific. At San
Pedro, the port of San Angeles, I for the
first time saw kelp, the see-plant, from whioh
soda, bromine and iodine are made. It
spreads its long, lsafy vine for twenty or
thirty feet upon the top of the wave, grow
ing in from ten to thirty-fathom water.
This stem, sometimes one hundred and
eighty feet in length, is securely fastened
by a bulbous-shaped root to the bottom.
Its leaves are a foot long, some five inches
wide, of a rich autumn brown in the water,
and yellow out of it, tough, translucent, and
are covered with a mucilage that becomes
thick when exposed to the air, but dissolves
readily in fresh water. The vine is very
round, as large as a pipe-stem, very strong,
sad looks lika amber. It is a wonderful
and beautiful creation that, by its mysteri
ous laboratory, changes sea-water and Sun
shine alternately into substances so precious
for medicine and the arts. I had often
heard of kelp, but had supposed it like any
other marshy growth; but here I saw it was
one of the many forms of vegetable life which
delight in the deep sea, making but little
amount of Die land. For miles its foliage
covers the top of the water and calms the
heads of the waves. The whale is often
found rising on the outer edge of the kelp
field, and whaling boats lying just inside
from that point make their attack upon
him.
Ban Diego ia a most admirably located
city. It stands on an amphitheater, whose
aide* gradually rise from one of the finest
harbors in the world. I question whether
Constantinople has a better site. The
American town, called "the New Town,"
has grown np in three years. It was larger
than I expected to see—haa a hotel in it
worthy of New Orleane, and several churches.
The largest vessels ever built can ride at its
wharves, and are perfectly protected. I
stirred round daring the six hoars we were
there, and secured the best lot in town for a
Southern Methodist Ohnrch. In two or
three years the loeomotive will start In
Julia street. New Orleans, and stop in Sin
Diego.—Nine Orleans Christian Advocate.
Ebbobs iii EsoHATOiiCXJT. Oar Sonth
Carolina correspondent refers to certain er
rors in Eschatology, which hare found their
way even into the Palmetto State, which is
got inclined to give countenance to divers
and strange doctrines.” It is sad to see a
man who has solemnly vowed to drive away
■noh, fall in with them and attempt to give
them enrrenoy. The notion of the sleep of
the sonl (psychopannychy) was held by cer
tain Anabaptist heretics in Switzerland,
about the time of the Reformation; but it
was promptly opposed by the Reformers. It
was revived 1n England by Priestly, and
other Sodnians, and some fanatioal people
ia this country are indorsing the unphilo
aophksal and unscriptural tenet. Origen
questioned the eternity of future punMh
mestt; but he had few followers in the early
Ohureh. Araobius favored the absurd fig
ment of the annihilation of the wieked.
TUi ffll notion la now engrafted by ear
tain “Adventists,” aa they arupdlefL niHm
their hallucination about the eprpdrfalM
rent of Christ before the Millenniam, and
his reign upon the earth during that hal
cyon period! One error leads another in its
train. It is dangerous todfriste, in one jot
or tittle, from the bnb once delivered into
the saints. The esohatologioal errors, to
which we have alluded, are not denounced
in the Confession of the Anglican Church,
(from which ours is taken,) beoause the
truths which they Oppose are fully set forth
in tike dfises and Homilies of the Church.
The MiUenarian delusion was indeed de
nounced ns heresy in the Forty-two Articles
Set forth in the reign of King Edward VL,
but that ’Article was omitted as needless
when the Thirty-nine Articles were pub
lished. The error in question is opposed
by the Oolleots for the First and Third
Sundays in Advent; and that, and the sleep
of the soul, the annihilation of the wicked,
and their redemption from hell, are all set
aside by the Burial Service, which, in regard
to these points, is eminently judicious,
rational, and scriptural.—Nashville Christian
Advocate.
The Chicago Finn.—The New York Ob
server gathers the following statistics and
facts in reference to the losses occasioned
by the fire: The Chicago Tribune, after a
careful survey of the ruins, makes the fol
lowing statement as to what remains: “It
appears that out of the aixty thousand build
ings in Chicago, only about thirteen thous
and five hundred have been destroyed; and
that while ninety-two thousand persons
have been driven from their homes, over
two hundred and forty-five thousand have
sot been affected in that way. The whole
immense area of the west division, with its
miles of dwelling houses, its stores and its
business blocks, is almost intact; while the
south side retains the great mass of its
dwelling houses of the latter class, many
manufactories, and the fine business blocks
which have been erecting on Twenty-second
street and Archer Avenue, and at Other
points, many of its finest churches, and the
inpumerable manufactories which abound
in the Sixth Ward. Of the losses, few will
be more deeply felt than the destruction of
so. many churches. Nearly seventy-five
churches, mission schools, 'etc., were de
stroyed. The New England Church, one of
the most elaborate structures in the city,
was laid in ruins, es was the home of every
member of the church.
Americaniztno the East—The influence
of American institntiona, and of the Ameri
o&n system generally, oontinnes to be felt
more and more in the eastern Asiatic coun
tries. This .is especially true in Japan.
L^st week the Japanese minister concluded
an engagement with General George B. Wil
liams, of Indiana, under which the latter
will go out to Japan early in January next
for the purpose of organizing an internal
revenue system there similar to our own.
General williams is now Second Deputy
Commissioner of Internal Revenue at Wash
ington, and has also bad experience as As
sessor, Collector, and Supervisor of Intern
al Revenue, having been employed in these
separate offices fo> an aggregate of five or
six years. It is considered that no better
selection for the position can be make, both
on account of his personal address and gen
erally acknowledged administrative abilities.
The engagement is for three yearn, at a
large salary.
Death of Mthh Arons M. Doooett.
This lady died of pulmonary consumption,
at the residence of her father, Bishop Dog
gett, in this city on the 2d instant Her
sickness was long, wearisome and painful,
anil was bone with the heroic fortitude of
Christian faith. Gifted by nature with a
brilliant mind, a warm heart, and a gener
ous disposition, she made many devoted
friends. A few days before her death, as
bet fttller waS aTSne with her, she asked him
to take her hand in his and pray for her.
The Bishop did so, and while they both
prayed there fell upon father and child such
a baptism of the Holy Ghost as neither had
ever before received. They were filled with
joy unspeakable and full of glory. In this
nappy frame she continued until the weary
wheels of life stood still, and death plaoed
his signet on her brow. “Blessed are the
dead who die in the Lord.—Rich. Advocate.
SfiKLsTEBiAir RmjBvaaaaBna fob Eas
tern British America.—Twelve young and
premising Wesleyan Local Preachers sailed
fropi Liverpool, October 10th, for Halifax,
designing to labor in Nova Scotia and ad
join in g provinces. They come out under
the auspices of Bsr.rTL Angwia, who for
1ms Uhosed ss msessrmsrr in
EastjwnBnush A marina On the evening
befomthesteame*ieft~ZJ*sfpool sfatedic
daotqd by Ear. Dr. G. Scott In the oonrae
of ihoigvening several of the young mis
sionaries gave an aoeount of their conver
sion and ei|l to the work of the ministry,
and Mr. Angwin delivered an appropriate,
epqounging, snfl heart-stirring address.

--a of m CnsTKAi Methodist
Episcopal Church Sooth-«~A Free Church
Tha Central Methodist Episbopal Church,
Bodth, having been renovated and improved,
was reopened for Divine Service Sunday
morning with a large congregation in at
tendance. Dr. Muneey announced that
hereafter the ohureh would be a freeohnreh.
All the pews would be free, and the congre
gation could sit wherever they pleased. The
cost of. tim improvement* was 9M00, and
at tha close of the sermon a collection wm
Apksmup topay.it. Mete' Sian VBfOM Iras
Great Losses nr the Arctic Ocean.—A
"Klegram from San Francisco announces a
terrible disaster in the Arctic Ooean. The
fleet of whaleehipe working northward to
Cape Behring ana Plover Bay, and thence
intq the Arctic Ocean, were 8 nr rounded
soon after the let of September with drift
ing ice-floes and bergs. By the 10th eeveial
were crashed. On the 13th those of the
vessels shut in, but not yet crashed, were
abandoned, the sailors, about twelve hun
dred in number, taking refuge on the few
vessels which eeosped before the ice closed
in. i Thirty-three ehips were lost, valued at
91,900,000.
Iipv. T. W. White, of Beidville Female
College, Spartanburg District, S. 0., re
quests os to state that he is now engaged in
making arrangements for the aoeossmoda
tion, of a hundred boarders next session,
and has secured the services of a Christian
lady weHknown in Sonthwest Virginia, as
Matron. One hundred and twenty-five dol
lars cover the boarding expenses (no extras)
for ten calendar months. No oharge for the
tuition of the daughters of ministers of the
gospel in any of the departments.
i t—->-i-ew-M
AS old Louisiana sugar planter who is
running ten of the Collins Steel Plows,
writes to Collins Co., and says, I would
Slot part with the steel plows bought of you
or 9100 each, if I could sot get others.’'
8riw of tjjt SSSeek.
GENERAL. NEWS.
Obokoi x Ssuatou.—lion. Thomas U, Nor
wood of Savannah, hu been elected by the Legia
Utnie, TJ. 8. Senator for Georgia.
WaanmoTOK, Not. 11.—Judge Carter, Of the
Supreme Court, gate Judgment to-day against fe
male voters,because the act organizing the District
of Colombia confers the right only upon male cit
izens, bat Jadgo Carter has no doubt that the
Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments confer the
same right upon women.
WasHiROTOu, Nor. 11.—It is believed that the
spread of small pox in F.satsrn cities is attributa
ble to the sale of buffido robes taken from the
camps of the Plegan and Blackfeet Indians, who
were so terribly stricken with the disease two
years ago. Since then eeVsWdof tbs robes which
ware prohibited from the market* hat* disappear
ed, and it is believed Amy have base brought East
'Jacksos, Miss., Nov. 1L—IteturaA indicate the
following complexion of Hie Legislature; Repub
licans, 0; Democrats S8; Doubtful, 8. In the
Senate: Republicans, 34; Democrats, 18. This
shows a heavy Democratic gain.
Chattabooqa, Nov. 13.—A lire was discovered
this morning at one o’clock in Fishers’ Brother
Jewelry store, on the corner of Right and Market
streets, which destroyed a block and a half of the
bnslnesa portion Of the city. The loss la estimated
at seventy-Are thousand dollars. Insurance covers
thirty thousand dollars. The origin of the Are
Was incendiarism. The citMpndeadJn two other
places, but the Aames jags IsW. Fifteen
supposed Chicago deaMMAsA arrived Ijre from
Memphis last night, Mm dmpidon poMbflt them.
A large number ofM|**J«fM IfU mfWtH for
eemmlttiog robbesuht v e ._fej£s
OanLBsroir, Noil, f9*~'There JMvesJ|ten no
dtver deaths during tnffeStMN Nj}*, leading
physicians advise petsdHPJMA|a|^ may come
tfcek. Largs numbers hsve*nw#y returnsd, Tha
Cltv Coqnqll ha^prdered a day of prayer and thanks
l<rl^|>|<fa le^onat of the abatement of the lever.
There vu a heavy white froat here this morning.
Washington, Nov. 18.—There is a ease pending
in the Bnpreme Court here seriously affecting the
tac$it proceedings against the Mormons. Three
years ago a quantity of liquor wee destroyed by
the Mormon authorities. Suit was brought and a
verdict rendered against Balt Lake City. Thd
ground of appeal is that the jurors should have
been summoned by the Territorial instead of the
Federal Marshals. The recent indictments and
convictions were made by jurors summoned by the
Federal Marshal, and a reversal in the pending
case will nullify the recent proceedings in Utah.
In the meantime it may be stated that the Execu
tive is determined to push the present policy to
ward the Mormons.
Ban Francisco, Nov. 14.—The Pimo Indians in
Arisons have made a raid on the Apache;, and
killed thirty-five men and eight children, and also
captured a quantity of plunder taken the day pre
vious from the white settlements.
Washington, Nov. 14.—General Howard’s re
port recommends the abolition of what remains of
the Freedmen’s Bureau. The barometer here fell
an inch in the last twenty-four hours. A cyclone
to-day swept the entire country, coining from West
to East, and up the Gulf along the Atlantic coast.
Nuw York, Nov. 11—Fourteen additional
cholera patients from the Franklin have been ad
mitted to the hospital. The Health Board feels
no uneasiness about the cholera.
Nashvtllh, Nov. 14.—It has been snowing since
three o’clock this morning. It melts as fast as it
falls.
Philadelphia, Mot. 14.—Foot Hundred and
ninety-one case# of small-pox last week—a decrease
of eighty-fire cases.
Washington, Not. 18.—The Agricultural De
partment is preparing seeds seasonable for the
South. A snpply may be obtilned by application
to agents of the Departments or through members
of Congress. The distribution is gratuitous, but
the Department wants some guarantee that the
seed will not be wasted.
Naw Orleans, Not. IS.—The city administra
tion rescinded the resolution creating a paid fire
department. A contract will probably be made
with the Fireman’s Charitable Association, at
8140,000 a year for ten years.
Naw York, Not. 15.—Six new cases of cholera
at quarantine—including the surgeon of the
steamer Franklin—two of which were fatal. The
storm ceased at daylight. It was the severest for
years. Trees, awnings and chimneys were blown
down. The tide was unusually high. The gale
was directly from the Southeast The wind last
night blew sixty-three miles an honr.
Naw Toss, Not. 16.—Details of the high tide
and storms show heavy losses of property. Many
buildings are blown down. A schooner at Nor
wich, Connecticut, demolished a barn, in her
progess inland.
Thirteen new cases of cholera were received yes
terday, on board the hospital ship Delaware.
John Mitchel gained a point to-day in ar suit
against General Dix for alleged false imprison
ment, Judge McGunn denying the motion to
transfer to the United States Court, for the reason
that it did not come nndcr the laws of Congress
of 1883 or 1868, the arrest having occurred on June
14,1865, subsequent to the date fixed by the Presi
dential proclamation at the close of the rebellion
Portland, Me., Not. 16.—The storm sub
merged all the wharves in the city.
Rockland, Mr., Nov. 16.—The severest gale
known here for many years commenced on Tues
day night and still continues. The sea ran higher
in the harbor, yesterday, than has been known
since 1855. Both steamers and wharves ere badly
damaged. 1
Portland, Not. 16.—The roads are washed
and the bridges submerged from Bangor to Boston.
Washington, Not. 16.—The President Is work
ing on his annual message and access to his pres
ence is difficult.
Philadelphia, Not. 16.—The first snow or the
wesson at this place fell to-day.
Charleston, Nov. 17.—Accounts from all parts
of the interior report the black frost which oc
curred here Thursday moring to have been gen
eral throughout this and adjacent Btatee. Ice
having been formed here during the last two
nights all danger from yellow fever has ceased,
and the trains arriving are filled with returning
refugees. Thermometer at 4. a. m. 29.
FOREIGN.
Madrid, Nov. 11.—The Cortes voted Its confi
dence in the existing government of King Ama.
dens, by 161 to 38. The Radical members abstained
from voting.
Paris, Nor. 11.—President Thiers, la an inter
view, authoritatively stated that he would propose
to end the present provisional regimen In 1 ranee,
and establish a permanent republic when the As
sembly meets in December.
-^London, Nov. 18.—The physicians announce
that Queen Victoria’s health la improving.
Lobdon, Not. 14.—Letters from Constantino
ple represent the cholera spreading.
The British Government has granted a pension
of £300 to the children of Dr. Livingstone, the
African explorer.
Bbelin, Nov. 15.—Provincial correspondence,
semi-official, says the retirement of Beuat from
the Chancellorship of the Austrian Empire and
Ministry of Foreign Aflairs, has no effect upon
the relations between Prussia and Austria, the
friendliness of which is unimpaired.
Panama, Nov. 2.—Heavy earthquakes occurred
la Peru on the 5th October. The towns of files
and Matilla were destroyed. Fire succeed the
earthquake at Sica, by which the Church Pan.
ibeoo, eighteen houses and the dam of the rive
wt Ptrapisla were destroyed. Few lives were lost
The small pox is. spreading In Chill. It has
broken out among the troops of'Buenos Ayres.
‘London, Nov. 16.—An explosion occurred at
Wigan colliery. Buildtpgs rocked and the people
pushed panic stricken into the streets. Fortu
nately the explosion occurred alter the working
gangs had left and only six were killed. Tne
Cause of the exploelod Is unknown.
The monetary disturbance in Faria is partially
abated. It is reported that the Bank of France
Intends to double its capital, making It 875,000,
OOOf. Money Is plenty in Germany and la rapidly
drifting into American securities. Germany will
early next year redeem £30,000,000 sterling of war
loans—half of it in January and February.
Const an tiroplb, Nov. 16.—Deaths from choic
es last week were 380.
Shanghai, Oct 19, via San Francisco, Nov.
10.—Baron Zichtoften has started to explore the
extreme northwest of Chins. More than 800
Uvea were lost at Murao daring the typhoon of
September 3d.
Tlie rains continue in the North. Within the
last ten days the water has been higher than at
any previous date. 90,000 square miles of terri
tory, were inundated, and l,0CO people were
drowned in New Chiang.
Political difficulties are brewing In the province
of Hlanlan, and a formidable Insurrection la Im
minent
The bulk of teas have arrived and have been
settled. There has been an advance in all grades,
silk Is hlgber and the cotton crop, In central Chi
na, is reported fair.
Yokohoma, Oct 23, via San Francisco.—The
Mikado is throwing off his exclusiveness, and it
appearing freely in public. Minister Delong la
traveling extensively tbrongh Japan, and ia visit
ing the volcanoes and all pcftnts of interest
The new Governor of Yokohoma entertained
the fpreign consuls at Dimar, and made radically
progressive speeches.
Vienna, Nor. 17.—Count Burnt, Chancellor of
the Bjppire, has addressed a circular to the dlplo
matic agents of the Austria and the Hungarian
Empire residents abroad, stating his resignation
was not based upon any political grounds, bat
upon reasons of s purely personal character.
MARKETS BY TELEGRAPH.
Domestic Markets
Nmr York, November 17. Cotton closed
easier bat not quotably lower, aalea 4,200 bales;
uplands 18%. Floor—Southern steady at 6 90@
7 00, common to (air extra. Wheat Irregular and
unsettled; winter red western 1 05@1 08. Corn
Irregular at 78 for western mixed. Fork more ac
tlve.wlthont decided change, at 1312@1320. Mesa
beer qnlet at 7(311; plain meaa 11(314; extra ditto.
Lard heavy at 9@9% for kettle. Turpentine firm
at 68. Rosin qnlet and unchanged. Freights
firm. Comparative Cotton Statement—'Total re
ceipts from September 1,1871,871,064: same time
lost year 707,466; total exports from September 1,
1871.267,968; same time last year, 85.850; stock at
all United States ports in 1871 la 326,712; last year
881,088; at Interior towns In 1871 Is 63,679; last
year 61,244; at Liverpool, 1871, 639,000; last year
480,060; American cotton afloat for Orest Britain
1871 is 94,000; last year 10,000.
OWABi.aaTO», November 17.—Cotton closed firmer
and active; middlings 17%@17K; salea 1000.
■t. Louis, November 17.—Fork dnll at 18 78;
aid 18 80. Bacon easier, clear rib 8; clear aides
7%@8. Lard 9% for refined.
it an phis, November 17.—Cotton market closed
firm; middlings 17%@17%; stock 18,860.
Auouita, November 17.—Cotton steady with a
Mr demand; middlings 17%; stock 14,600.
Philadelphia, November 17.—Cotton Steady;
middlings 18%.
G Atvnsron, November 17. Cotton market
closed very firm; good ordinary 16%; stock 80,
404.
Mobiui, November 17. —Cotton atrtawand in
good demand; middlings 17%; stock SiBw.
Naw Obuahs, November 17,—Ootton active;
middlings 18%®18%; stock 97,9881
Nowolk, November 17.—Ootton closed first!
low middlings 17%@17%; Stock 78*.
Batatas, November lt-i-Ootton ittofig; mid
dlings 17J<! stock Cl,(Mb.
Baltimobx, November 17.—Cotton firmer and
held higher, middlings 18)f; stock BBSS.
Bostok. November 17. Cotton closed Anil;
middlings Wj stock 700.
Foreigm Markets.
Live spool, November 17.—Cotton closed firm,
uplands 8W; Orleans 9K@8K- Sales 15,000, In
cluding 5,000 for exports and speculation. Ship
ments from Bombs; since last report to the 17th,
0,000. The Alhambra brings 88,900 bales.
Notice.
The Board of Managers of the Sooth Carolina
Annual Conference” will meet at mv residence,
Wofford College, Spartanburg, South Carolina, on
Tuesday, Dec. 18,1871, at 13 o’clock, M.
The following names compose the Board: Dr.
A. M. Shipp, Rev. H. A. C. Walker, Rev. W. Mar
tin, Rev, w. P. Mon ton, A. A. Gilbert Esq., Robt
Bryce, Esq., G. W. Williams, Esq., Simpson Bobo,
Esq., and J. H. Klnsler, Esq.
WnrrnrooBD Smith,
f nov 83|President
One Fare.—S. C. Conference.
Mr. Editor: Please announce for the Informa
tion of the members of the South Carolina Con
ference, ministers and laymen, will be passed for
one fore, or half price, over all the Railroads in
South Carolina, to and from the approaching Con
ference to be held at Spartanburg, in December.
Yours truly,Wm, Mastim.
Orphans’ Home, So. 6a. Conference.
The members of the Board of Trustees of above i
named Institution and Rev. S. Anthony, Agent,
are requested to meet iu St Lnke’s Church,
Columbus, Ga., at 11 o’clock, on Tuesday De
cember 13th, to prepare a Report on the subject
for the Conference.
The following are the members: E. H. Myers.
S. Anthony, G. G. N. MacDonell, J. S. Key, R.
B. Lester, J. E. Evans, Dr. H. Wimberly, Dr. W.
H. Holllnshead, J. W. Jordan, Jr„ H. JL Jewett,
J. W. Cheatham, and N. D. Guerry.
Those who have subscribed for the Home, to
pay this year, will send up the sum to the Con
ference. E. H. Mrata, Cb’n.
The Georgia Annnal (Colored) Conference.
“The Georgia Annual Conference of the col
ored Methodist Episcopal Church in America.”
will convene on the 13th of December, at Mil- i
ledgevllle, Ga.
As all our preachers do not take the Christian
Index, we especially beg, and request that the
white preachers, and otner friends, inform the
colored preachers of the place and time of hold
ing the Conference. R. H. VsirDsaHonsT.
Nov 88 8w|_
To Candidate* for Admission into So. Ga.
Conference.
Meet the Committee of Examination at St.
Luke Church at 8 o’clock, Tuesday Dec. 12. Don’t
fail._ N. B. Ouslbt, Ch’n.
Female College—Reidville, 8. C.—Com
mencement 1871.
The Annual address will be delivered on Friday,
24lh Nov., by Rev. Vm. P. Jacobs of Clinton, B.
C., at 11 o’clock, a. m. The Distinctions by Rev
R. H. Reid, President Board Trustees, at 3 o’clock
p. ic. W. A. Harbisox,
Sec. Board Trustees.
N. B.—The next session begins 1st Monday in
February, and extends through ten eateniar
months at a cost of only 8200. So extrat.
To the Presiding Elders of 8. C. Conf.
Dkab Brethren: Ton will pleaseletme know,,
st yonr car)i> st convenience, the names of lay
delegates to the next session of Conference, tp
Slicants for admission and local preaehers for or
ers. And oblige truly yours.
C. H. Pritchard.
Spartanburg, S. C.nov!5 8wt
To the Members of the If. G. Conference.
Ton sre required to pay the usual fare In going
to the Conference; but will be returned free of
charge, by the Western and Atlantic, Atlanta and
West Point and the G. R. R.
i Brethren coming by private conveyance can as
certain the lodgings assigned them, by calling at
the Drugstore of Dr. Vs. King.
Eubtaox W. Spxxr.
Athens, Hov. 15M.novltt-3wf
To the Presiding Elders of the North Geor
gin Conference.
Please Inform me, st yonr earliest convenience,
of the names of the delegates and other brethren
whose dnty, and purpose it is, to be present at our
Conference. Eustace W. Spire.
Nov. 8,1871.
MARRIED.
On 2d Nov. ,by Rev. J. R. Littlejohn, Mr. Jas.
W. Atwater, of Tbomaaton, to Miss Artoibbtt
E. Rasrass, of Taylor co., Ga.
By Rev. J. R. Littlejohn, on Nov. 7tb, Mr. B. J.
McCants to Miss Leonora McCaxts, both of
Taylor co., Ga.
Nov. 8tb. 1871, at the residence of the bride’s
father, In Barnwell co., B. C., by the Rev. D. J.
Simmons, Mr. ThbophilcsF. Babtok, of Orange
burg, co.. 8. C., to Mist Mart Batsor, daughter
of Rev. Thos. Rayaor, M. D., of the Bo. Ca. Con
ference.
On 10th Oct, by Rev. B. K. L. Timmons, Mr. J.
8. Buowslow to M. F. McKmmrr, all of White
co., Ga.
By Rev. B. E. L. Timmons, Oct. 21st, Mr. Hil
uni Hub* to Miss M. A. Sbars, all of White co.,
Ga.
By Rev. B. E. L. Ttmmona, Oct. 26th, Mr. Jon
Headers, of White co., Ga., to Mias Mattib
Lambbkt, of Clarkeaville, Ga.
By Rev. B E. L. Timmons, Mr. E. L. Doubt
to Miss 8. A. Gilstrap, all of White co., Ga.
By Eev. W. F. Robison, on 1st Nov., Mr. J. P.
Tbbrt to Mi» Fasaii li. Freeman, of Harris co.
Ga.
By Rev. W.F Robison, on 8th No*., Mr. inm
R. Murphy to Mist Laura P. Bidill, of Ham
ilton, Ga.
By Rev. W. F. Robison, on the evening of the
8th Nov.. Mr. Jas. H. Cartbr, of Talbotlon, Ga.,
to Miss Carkib A. Bbbmibo, of Harris co.,Ga.
Oa26thOct, by Rev. L. Wood, Mr. IbaPortbr
Bull, of Orangeburg, to Mias Mattib Carouse,
youngest daughter of Gabriel Hodges, of Cokes-,
bury, 8. C.
By Rev. W. W. Oelln, Oct. 26th, Mr. G. W.
Stolvry to Mise America Habchmax, all of Pnt
nsm co., Ga.
By Rev. W. W. Osltn, Nov. 2th, Mr. G. E. Hnb
bxrt to Mis Farris J. Bbardbx, all of Pntaam
ca, Ga.
By Rev. W. A. Farias, on 2d Nov., Mr. Gborob
W. Olivb to Mist Abbib M. Hatchxk, both of
Colombia co. Gs.
T* Nov. 9th, by Rev. 8. R. Weaver, it the bride’s'
mothers, in Talbot county, Mr. Gborob T. Fouch
to Miss Mart Binkb.
Nov. 8th, 1871, by Rev. W. M. W.t'*, Mr. Ed
ward Humphrey, of Blsckshesr, to Mi— Rbbbcoa
J, Puoh, of Tbomss co., Ga.
On the 96th Oct 1871, by Rev. Robert L. Wig
gins, Mr. Cras. A. HvxriNorox, late of this coun
ty, to Mias Elizassth V. Wtatt, of this, Gads
den co., Fla.
In Clarendon co., Oct. 10th, 1871, by Rev. J. L.
Bliley, Mr. llARvar J. Eadox to Mias CLARA
Bros dob, all of Clarendon co.
In Clarendon co., Oct Ut, by Bev. 8. L. Sidey,
Mr. Jas. M. Browx to Mrs. mart 8. Nrttlm,
all of Clarendon.
In Klberton, Ga., Nov. 7th, 187L by Rev. F. G.
Hughes, Girard W. Au.br to Mist Apdii M.
Stakford, all of Elbeiton, Gs.
On Nov. 8th, by Rev. F. Avid, Mr. AspeUT C.
Dibblr, of Bambnrg, 8. C., to Miss Mart J.
Clark, of Orangeburg, B. C.
By Rev. B. C. M. Brooke, Nov. 7U>, 1871, Rev.
W. A. Gexk.sk, of the South Ga. Conference, to
Milt Carrie U. Gabdxrb, of Taylor co., Ga.
At the Methodist Church, In East Macon, on
the 3l*t nit, bv Rev. John W. Burke, Mr. Amot
A. Bubers to Mbs Watxb Massey.
DIED.
In Camden, 8. C., Nov. 14th 1871, Willir, son
of Rev. A. J. and M. B. Stokes of the 8. 0. Cora
ference, aged 8 months and 11 days.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT*,
fur the (Southern Christian Advocate.
From Nov. It to Nov. 17.
Front No. 3344 to No. 8378 teehwivn. irJ'l
A—Aald, F. 8 dr; Adams, H. ,1. ft. l> i
B—Brawner Son, 8; Bird, U. B. 3.
D—Dodd, Wm. 5; Dixon, J. L 8 dr.
■—Eubanks, A. I. 8.
F—Farias, W. A. 21; Finger, J. ft dr, Fisher, A.
C. 8.
G—Gates, E. F. ft dr.
R—Harris, J. H. 5.
K—Kirkland, W. C. 8.75: Keller, 8. J. ISO;
Knox, W. 3 dr. Key, J.B. 8; Kirkland, W. D. 0 dr.
M—Mashbum, J. H. 8.50; MUler. J. C. l.ftQ; Mc
Roy, J. W. 5; (yonr account is balanced.)
P—Pooaer, W. H. 15 dr, Pegoea, 8. 8. 5.95
8—Robison, W. F. 6.
8—Skipper, J. 8 40; Simmons, W. A. 3
W—Wiggins, 8. L. Wells, G. H. 6; Weaver,
8. 8. 6; Watson, 8. L; 75c.; Wallace, Mrs. 8. J.S.
Z—Zimmerman, J. H. 5.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
Bnv. J. 8. WARE.—The 18 was received. Ton
owe a balance of ftSii.95. i'
New AdvertisementM.
School Wanted.
BY A MARRIED GENTLEMAN, A GilADU
ate of a Georgia College, wbo has had a long
experience as a Classical ana Mathematical Teach
er. References given if required. Correspondence
solicited. Address, TEACHER,
nov 82-4t| Bnena Vista, Ga.
To Parents and School Trustees!
A COLLEGE GRADUATE, WHO BAS Taught
Twentv five years in Alabama, who has been
Professor of Ancient Languages in one college,
and oUfathematics In another, desires a situation
for the next year as teacher.
Address J. C. LOOMIS,
nov99-lt Abbeville, Alabama.
0370 A MONTH—KxpcMca paid—Male
’or Female Agents—Home end eatftt
furnished. Address, Novsltt Co., Sneo, Me.
nov 98-8mos|
THE BIKVICS OS OONQ,
A TREATISE ON SINGING IN PBIVATE
Devotion, In the family end In the eehoal,
and la the Worshipptag Congregation. By Eev.
W“*
novEMtl
lUEKBdkOO.,
Mason, Ge.
MtSCELLAN EOUS A0VERT1SEM ENTS.
FOR SALE.
A DELIGHTFUL RESIDENCE, BUITABLR
XX. tor a lane family, with sixty or more acres
of land attached, within the corporate limits of
tbs city of Athens, Ga» It is a beautiful place—
the houses all recently built—within easy walk
of both the High School and the University of
Georgia i and is, in every respect, a most eligible
situation. The owner is called to such duties at
another point, that it would best suit his conven
ience to sell the place with the stock and farming
utensils, carriages, wagons, horses, cows, etc., etc
—and even the household and kitchen furniture—
to one purchaser. Terms accommodating.
Apply to Bsv. E. H. MYERS,
nov 8-ttl
Macon, or Athens, Ga.
Ladies’ from “A” for $150.
S Muslin Chemise*.1......... at $2 00.$ 6 00
8 Linen ...........at 4 75. 14 SB
1 Bridal Set (3 pieces). .12 00
8 Fairs Muslin Drawers......at 2 00. 6 00
8 Linen at 2 75. 8 25
8 Plain Cotton Skirts..at 9 28. 6 75
8 Tucked .........at 8 00. 9 00
3 Muslin Night Dresses....... at 8 50. 10 50
STuckedCambrlcNightDressesat 5 00. 15 00
8 Embroidered at 7 00. 21 00
1 Flannel Skirt. 5 00
1 Embroidered.. 8 25
2 Corset Covers. .at 8 25..... 6 50
2 Dressing Sacquea...........at 3 50..,.. 7 00
1 Kobe de Chambre...... .14 50
$150 00
The whole or any single article of the above
Outfit may be had upon application, or will be
sent by express, 0. O. D. Every article Is made
in the best manner, and from the best materials.
Directions for self-measurement, together with
list of articles in Trousseau “B” tor $200, and
C” for $250, sent by mail If desired.
LORD ft TAYLOR,
Importers and Wholesale and Retail Dealers In
NEW YORK
FASHIONABLE DBF GOODS,
,11
Broadway, cor, 20th St.
Broadway, cor. Grand St.
Grand St. cor. Chrystle St.
Octl8Nov22Decl3
WANTED I [Extraordinary Chance]
Agents, to sell T. 8. Arthur’s last great
work Six Nights with ths Wasbihgtokianb,
and other Temperance Tales written In his most
powerful and graphic style, and said by the best
critics, to surpass anything that haB ever been
written or spoken on the subject of Temperance,
1 either by the far famed Gough or others.
While dealing solely in Facts, the work has all
the fascination of the most exciting narrative, and
Is eagerly bought by everybody. Splendidly bound,
profusely illustrated, and sola at low figures. To
wide-awake live agents, this is an opportunity sel
dom offered. To all such, who make earlv appll
cation, we will give the Bast Tirmb and exclusive
territory. Address Publikhihg House of F. L
DIBBLE ft CO., 8. W. cor. 3d A Jefferson
sts., Louisville, Ky. augSO 3mos-eow|
Strawberry and Raspberry Plante
THAT are adapted to our climate for sale at
reasonable rates. Ky collection embraces all
i the new varieties that are worth growing. Send
for circular giving directions how to plant. Ad
t dress J. P. H. BROWN,
octll eow4t Augusta, Ga.
FREE TO BOOK AGENTS.
We will send a handsome Prospectus of our
See Illnetrated Family Bible containing over 200
fine Scripture Illustrations to any Book Agent,
free of charge. Address National Publishisg
Co., Atlanta, Ga. novl5-4t
SITUATION WANTED.
A YOUNG LADY OF SUPERIOR TALENTS
desires a situation as governess In a family,
or teacher of a select school. Special attention
given to Mnsic and Penmanship. References
given upon application. Address “L." Coving
ton, Ga. _ novl-4wf
UlMWtB—how made—of Cider, Wine, or 8or
V 111 go, In 10 honrs. F. SAGE, Cromwell Conn,
tug 30-3m|
WJLXjXj O-OOXDS.
OUB STOCK or
Foreign and Domestic Dry Goods
NOTIONS, ETC.,
1* now tall and complete. We have the largest
and most varied stock we have ever exhibited to
the trade.
DRESS GOODS DEPARTKEN1' PARTICULAR
LY ATTRACTIVE, AND PRICES LOW.
Our motto is
ii
“Short Profits and Quick Sales.”
And we feel confident of giving satisfaction to all
who may favor na with their patronage.
We respectfully invite the public to cell and ex
amine onr stock.
W. A BANKS ft SONS,
43 Second ft, Triangular Block,
oet 25-3m Macon, Ua.
SEWING MACHINES!
816.00, 820.00.
♦IS. “THE OCTAGON”
For only $15.(XX Bo simple It never gets ont of
order.
THE BEST, CHEAP FAMILY SEWING MA
CHINE IN THE UNITED STATES.
This Machine will Stitch, Hkm. Fill, Took,
Quilt, Coed, Bihd, Bkaid and Emuoidkb In a
superior manner. It is acknowledged by the best
judges to stand entirely ABOVE AND BEYOND
any cheap machine ever produced before.
0U You can cat every third atltch of thia Hew
ing, and then we will give von a machine if yon
can poll the cloth apart without tearing U.
$25. The “Home Shuttle”
for Only $25 00, Thia Machine Uses two threada
aud makes the lock stitch alike on both sides and
has the celebrated unrivalled under feed. The
saoms wM neither rip nor revel. This Is the cheapest
reliable SHUTTLE MACHINE in the United
States, and the only practical low-priced, Lock
stitch Sewing Machine ever Invented.
It will Him, Fill, Bins, Cokd, Braid, Siam,
Tuck, Buttle, Hemstitch, Gath as and sew on
at the aame time.
WARRANTED.
Every Machine warranted for five years, v.
Mine for KotUnnl^t
Any person sending ns an order for 5 OCTA
GONS or 8 “HOME SHUTTLES” will be pre
sented with an Octagon as commission. Any
person sending an order for 5 “HOME SHUT
TLES'’ will be presented an extra “HOME SHUT
TLE” as commission.
ar AG ENTS WANTED. Liberal terms given
Agents Deductions ma le to ministers oil the
Gospel. Send a postage stamp for circulars and
samples of sewing. Address
REV. C. H. BERNREIM,
octll-Sm Glbsonvnie, Guilford Co., N. C.
WSR, CHICAGO
Si GREAT CONFLAGRATION.
Ttae Queen City M It wot and ta. The Hamlet of
1forty years ago. The Croat City of yesterday. The
Ruins of tojiay.
A graphic account of Its unexampled rite and a
vivid picture of Its sudden.deetruetion, by Colbert
and CKiHBERLAiM, Editors of the CHICAGO
TRIBUNE, Eyeteihisssse and great Sufferers tram
the terrible visitation. The only reliable work.
fully Illustrated. Price low. Aeentr should
apply immediately as the aalewlll be IMMENSE,
Circulars'free.
1CBBAD BEOS., hUiiken, 723 Sunn Stmt. Pkik
CAUTION.—Beware of inferior works. Be
sure you get COLBERT AND CHAMBER
LAIN’8 EDITION.
aeptd-ly;
fUO A MONTH! EMPLOYMENT!
Extra Inducements!
A premium HORSE and WAOON tor Agents.
J\. Wi desire to employ agents for a term of
aeven yuan, to sell the Buckeye £30.00Shuttle Sew
ing Machines. It makes a stitch alike on Both aides,
ana is the best low priced, licensed machine In the
world. W. A. HENDERSON A CO., Cleveland,
Ohio, or 8k Louis, Mo. marSB-Iy
THE
M8HBEUHE1Y.
WEST TROY, IN. Y.,
ESTABLISHED by ANDREW MENEELT u ISM
BE1-IM FOR CHURCHES, ACADEMIES, FAC
toriee, etc., of which more have been made at
this establishment than at all other foundries in the
country combined. One hundreds nd fifty unsolici
ted commendatory letters received during the putt
year. Written warranty given with every beU.
Mounted with Conical Rotary Toko (patented 1810
and 1868), the most reoent and desirable bell
Snare In nee. An illustrated catalogue tent flue
apr application to
1188. B. MENEELT,
Went Troy, N.T
oetSl lyl
TROT BELLS.
OLD ESTABLISHED TROT BELL FOUNDRY,
TROT, N. T.-<eBtablt»hed 186SJ a large amoft
ment of Church, Academy, Fire Alarm, and
other Balia, eooataatly on bead and made to or
der. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper fad
Tin.) Hung with Rotary Mountings, the best
wi most durable aver wed. All Bulls Wo
gaxTCD SsTiaracTon*.
HS* Large Illaetrated Catalogue cent free moe
appUeetlou to JONES A 0O., Troy, I.
or, 100 Dearborn Street, ChloagC; IUiaoU,
■eyM-W
A CHRISTMAS PUDDING
FULL OF PLUMS, Snrr 7tn on receipt of
Stamp for Pottage. Addreaa ADAMS A CO.,
novl5-3t Boston.
WANTED.
A POSITION AS TEACHEB. BP A LADT OF
unqnestlonable ability and adequate experi
ence. Address, Dr. f. K. BUSHIN, Tallar.ee,
via Cowles’ Station, Ala. noy 8-8t|
OUILFOSD A BILL,
Musieal Emporium of Georgia.
General Agents for the Celebrated
Knnbe, St. Louis and Guild, Church A Co.
PIANOS.
A written warrantee given with every Plano,
guaranteeing entire satisfaction. Prices from
•335 to 9800. J

State Agenta tor the unrlvslled.
we w ooo co’s mm.
These organs are now taking precedence of
all others. Call and see onr Parlor and Chnrch
Organs.
MASON A HAMLIN ORGANS
FOB SALK AT 25 per ceat. DISCOUNT.
THIS MACHINE
STANDS WITHOUT A PEEK,
FOR SIMPLICITY, DURABILITY, AND VA
RIETY OF WORK.
We refer all of onr readers to J. W. Burke A Co.
GUILFORD k, HILL.
84 Mulberry Street,
septlS-Sml Macon, Oa.
QIPLU, BBDT-GCM, R EVOLVER8, fin Ms
II Krill. Writs for Pries List, to GREAT WES
TERN GUN WORKS, Pittsburgh, Pa. Arm;
Guns, Revolvers, Ac., bought or traded for. Agtnti
wanted._ AugS-dmf
III
H

5
POWER PLEDGED
Equal to any OVERSHOT, with
N. F. BURNHAM'S
TT7RBINB. HI
Illustrated, Descriptive Pamph- |l|
let tnd Price Lisi, for 1871, sent free __
b; N. F. BURNHAM, You, Pass’a.
aug. (MSm|
BR1NLT PLOWS
im aii cheap nr ii m,
ov®r MO Praalm at
throughout the South. Send for
illustrated Cataloguewith
Price Li a t,and certificate!
of planters who use them.
SOLE MAKUTACTCmiaa:
IIIRLV, Mills A MASSY,
Lovisyilul KXa
SAMUEL A. COOK,
Grocer aid Commission Merchut,
M1LLEDGEVILLE, GA.
BACON, FLOUR, SUGAR, COFFEE, TEA,
LARD, TOBACCO, BALT, BUTTIR,
CHEESE, ONIONS, POTA
TOES, ETC.,
In full anppl; at lowrat market rutce.
0ctl84t
THE SY. LOUIS
CHBISTIAN ADVOCATE
▲HD THK JLLVSTJUTID
JOURNAL OF AGRICULTURE
FOR
88 70 per Annum.
We hare made arrangements to dab the St
Louie Chrletian Advocate with the IUuetrated
Journal <tf Agriculture, published in this city, (8t
Loots.)
This journal was established in 18*6, and is now
edited and owned by Col Vincent Mannadnke
and Gen. John 8 Marmadukc. These gentlemen
are well known fiom their prominent position in
public life, and their connection with the “South
ern Cause during the late war, and arc also
known to hare been practical fanners. It Is a
monthly publication of 33 p <gee, quarto form, cnt
and stiched, print- d on excellent paper, with new
and handsome type. Every number contains pro
fuse illustrations, artistically executed, and useful
drawings. It is edited with signal ability, and its
columns are filled with original articles and ex
tensive correspondence from the South, West,
SDd Southwest. In all respects it Is the best agri
cultural paper published in the country, and is es
pecially adapted and valuable to Southern and
Western farmers, whose advantage we have sought
In making this arrangement.
The regular subscription price of the Journal of
Agriculture is $1 SO per anuum. It may be ob
tained, in connection with subscription to the St
Lon is Christian Advocate, at SavsMTT-rivn Cbmts
per annum—the two papers per annum tor Tanas
Dollars amd SsvsNTV Fiva CrNTS. This offer
applies to reneteale as well as new subscribers.
Those who have supported the Advocate at its ori
gin, and for long years, we have stipulated ahall
have the benefit of this arrangement.
The October number cf the Journal of Agricul
ture has been issued and can be had under the
above proposals.
Address South-western Book and Prnlishlng
Company, 610 Washington avenue, St Louis,
Mo.
Octl8-7w PUBLISHERS.
CHARLESTON ADVERTISEMENTS.’
WH. WHILDEN, Agent,
DBALXB
WATCHES, JEWELRY,
SILVER AND PLATED WARE,
CLOCK!, PIN! CUT AND BNORAVBO ULAN,
TABLE CUTLERY, CHINA AND WHITE
GRANITE Q0DD8, V ABBS, TOILET
NETS, FANCY ARTICLES.
Orders from the Country carefully filled and satis
faction guaranteed.
368 KING STREET, (CORNER BE ACFAIN,)
Key Box 831, CHARLESTON, A a
Sept 6—-dm
A. B. MULLIGAN,
COTTON FACTOR
CHARLESTON, C.
oet *-ly| _,
George W. Willie me Go.
Merchants and bankers, haynr
B tract, Charleston, S. C.
Williams, Slmle G Co.)
COMMISSION MERCHANTS, HEAVES
Street, asd 30 Rxeheage Ptaee, N. (L
BALTIMORE ADVERTISEMENTS,
TOM. WASH. SMITH,
ADVERTISING AGENT,
No. 7 St Paul St, Baltimore, Md. (UpStain.)
I* the authorized Agent for the Soulham Chris
tian Advocate, In Baltimore.
Standard papers—Sectarian and Commercial.
We study our patrons’ Interest octll-tf
TREES, PUNTS, BULBS
AND
FLOWERS.
My CATALOGUES now ready and mailed to
all applicants.
ROOT. J. HALLIDAY,
Florist and Seedsman,
BALTIMORE, MD.
OctlSBm
CANFIELD, BRO. A CO.,
No. 229 Baltimore St, Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
Waltham Watches.
These Watches have a reputation fully establish
ed, and are sold at a less profit than any competing
Watches in the market
We also keep a full stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
DIAMONDS, RICH JEWELRY,
STERLING SILVER WARS,
TRIPLE SILVER PLATED WASH,
FORKS, SPOONS, KNIVES,
CLOCKS, BRONZES, VASES,
OPEB a GLASSES.
FANS and FINE FANCY GOODS.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and College#.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs. oclll-ly
ARMSTRONG GO.,
MANUFACTURERS OF
STOVES AND HOLLOW-WARE,
Plows and Plow Castings,
PORT DEPOSIT, MD.,
Bee leave to call the particular attention of
HOUSEKEEPERS, STOVE DEALERS and the
TRADE generally, to their celebrated CooHng
Stoves,
EMERALD AND VIRGINIA,
i Which we will guarantee In all cases to give en
tire satisfaction.
We are also manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING 8TOVER, RANGES, PARLOR and
FIRE PLACE HEATERS. We would mention
Magill’s Patent Fire-Place Heater.
MagilTs Patent Oat and Smoke consuming Bam
Burner, suitable for Churches, Schools, Stores, Ware
houses, etc., etc.
Manufacturers of and Wholesale Dealers In Tin
stare and Enameled Ware
Send for descriptive and illustrated Catalogue
or call and examlnd our Stock.
Setpontiblc Agents wanted in every principle
Town in the country to sell our Stoves.
Address all communications to
JAMES ARMSTRONG,
Office and Salesroom 64 Light St,
SeptFMhn Baltimore, Md.
School Histories for Fall of 1871.
BLACKBURN AMcDONALD'S
Granar School History, U. 8.
340 pp. CLOTH $L3Sl
ILLUSTRATED WITH S COLORED MAPS,
i “The great desideratum in School books for
1 Southern Children la freedom from partisan preju
dice and political misrepresentations. This work
gives a Just account of the late war. It record!
facta, and withholds opinions. It tells the truth,
and fosters no bitterness. The style la good; the
sentences are brief and perspicuous; the arrange*
meat row and atthactivu.”—Baltimore Episco
pal Methodist, May 37th.
The New School History of the U. S.,
(Formerly known as The Southern.) w
510 pp. Cloth, $1.75.
IiaosiaaTkd with Eioar Coloud Man.
One or both of these books have been adopted
i by many of the beat Western and Southern PH
I vat$ Schools, and by the Public Schools of Missis
sippi, Maryland and Louisville, Ky.
On receipt of S3 we will mall a copy of both for
examination. Fom Salb by all Books eixroa.
WM. J. C. DULANT A CO., Publishers,
Auglft-ly Baltdcobs, Md.
[EitehlDhed 1m 1848.]
HORNERS
Maryland Super-Phospate.
t.. a
■<.r
To the Farmers and Planters of JfanJasid and the
South rsaarallr.
(WO eeart the Gkoohfi fogatry.)
After S3 jean’ experience In the Fertilizing bus
lneae, and after establishing a wide reputation for
the parity and excellence of his Am* Z>u«t,the sub
scriber ha been induced to prepare a PhotpheU
suitable to the requirements and every way worthy
the attention of the Southern tanner.
The “Maryland" is a Refuvenator and permanent
Improver of the soil. It stimulates equal to Thru
vian Guano, and sustains equal to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liberal percentage of jtotoah in the residuum.
There is no adulterator nor Inferior article used—
every particle of the Phosphate being of essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor expense
have been spared in its preparation, and we claim
tor it the areatmt benefit to the farmer from the
awsifnit outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Com, and as a general
etimulant and aliment for worn and impoverished
land there can be nothing superior. It is war
ranted to run as high in Ammonia and higher in
Bone Phosphate than any other fertilizer in the
market.
Price tdO per ton, In new bags. No charge for
delivery. JOSHUA HORNER, Jn;
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant.
Office and Warehouse, 54 S. Gay St. General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew and Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md
BaeDist,|45,B“,’”“,’*50’Dl*'
solved Bone, 847, our
Own manufacture, in new bags; Eastern and Wee
tarn Bone Dust (3S. Peruvian ttsaae, delivered
from Peruvian Government Warehouse at loweat
rates. No charge for delivery.
JOSHUA
julylO-lyl
HORNER, Jn.
^>01X Baui more>p
3 Send for a Circular.
apl98-ly
BALTIMORE
III! Stone Manufactory,
UD
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
mUBS M
BOLTING CLOTHS, i»«
BELTON, HOT MACHOTS, Eta, EM.
B. F. STARR, CO.,
MylS-ly MS North St Baltimore, Md.
HUMAN HAIR GOODS.
J. HANK V,
Halr-Dreeeer, Wig-Maker, Importer end Manufac
turer of Wine, Toupees, Bralda, Curia, etc.
Every description of Ornamental Hair Work,
Her Ladles and Gentlemen, constantly on hand and
made to order, at the shortest notice end moder
ate prices, ter any of the above aimed articles,
or nhmatkn concerning them,
Addrem J. HANET. f
Ml W. Baltimore street, Baltimore, Md.
Llbetel Dlaconnt allowed to tha Trade.
waySl-lj
H* ghrkifi.
macoa market.
kot. 18, lan, bt nan u
fl<a»n>lCniemlmloeMerchent,ml iwm».i.i
No. M Second Street, Macon. Ga.
OOTTON—Ordinary ..1M15U flood Ordlmarv
18. ..Low MlidiiilS^ Middling
JUriflt Inn.
OOMMBKCIaL FKBTILIZIBS—Kettlewell’s
A Manipulated Peruvian SIS 00 per ton:
Kettlewell'e A Manipulated Peruvian $15 00
per ton; Ammoniated Alkaline Phoephate
•65 00 per ton; Alkaline Phoephate fOO 00
per too; Mapee’ Superphosphate 05* 00 per
ton; Pure Peruvian Guano 080 00 par ton
Balaton’s “Cotton Bale Brand” Dbaolved
Bones and Ammonia 055 00 per ton: Dis
solved Bone—pure 060 00 per ton; Bone
Dust—pure 080 00 per ton: Land Plaster
02 50 per bbl; Whltelock’s Vegetstor 086 00
per ton.
BACON—Bacon stock Mir and demand (Mr.
Hama plain, 15®....c; Canvassed 18..
@12..; Smoked Clear Bides 10..<
Clear Bibbed Sides smoked
Smoked Shoulders 0.
..9..®; Bulk C Bibb
5houioers.63{®7...;’BWlIealT!
i barrels 14..e; kegs 1
a smoked
9..®....; Bulk C sides
•bed 9...®_j Bulk
LABD—Prime, _
dies 18®...
BLOUB—Superfine 08 00; Extra 08 80: Bamlh
Vsmlly OiO W; QMn
•12 W <Joten ,AA“d«tterliM»CTbiunda
OCBN-S^Mr.denmnd light White96® 1 06
CORN per biuhel retail. 9L
bnflhe] wboletala. OaU 70c@7ft.
OOPFBE^Uo 90®93; Laguayn H®; Java
Cad.
10
teat
18..C; PortoBico 14..®....e; Prime New
Orleana 14. .@_c: Georgia 18M®14
-1—flta, 16.18,; UmlH
patent Sperm 46c: Paraline 40c.
BDTXEK AND CHEESE—We 4u«ts Nort*-^u
Butter it 80A..C; Country
Tennessee 96(230; Bztm
Tork Cheese 95c.
NAILS—By the keg 08 86®0 50.
[BON—Swedes 8c.
SHOT—Drop at 08 95; Buck 08 60.
TBAS—Young Hyson 01 75®g 00.
01 75; Black Tea 01 1509 CO.
PAINTS AND oils—Linseed 01 85 par
Tanners 01 00; White lead OOMHUOM
_per i n.
POWDEK Orange Bile Powder rm. wheta
07 5C38 50; halves 04 00®B 00;
W* mr luuvuO yumg W
09 95®9 75; Blasting 06 00®8 00.'
BAGGING AND BOPE-WeuuoteGunny.. 10®..i
Bengali» Eagle 20..®.Boned*)®
Double Ancboi 90..®..; Stai 90....
Extra Kentucky 20.. Blchardaon*
Green Leaf Bagging 90®..; Machine Bone IS
Hand made iQ^c; Manilla 18c, ArrowTMa
A No. 1, 8 os. Prattvlie Osnatrurga
OSNABCBGB—Prattville No. 1 U..®15U.
1^^4-410..^ KUIB..?^
CHARLESTON MARKET.
OOUMUD HOT. 14, R no. W. WILLIAMS AOSh,
Wholesale Grocers, lull Hmm A. Obariea
Von, S.C.
BAGGING—p«r yard. Churn; 1901934. Dundee
SiU Wjfl-pw A. Knttckr or W
13X; Manilla 2O..0...
BACON—per 1b Hama 17. .01834.
@8. Sides 909V.
CANDLES—per Sperm 4500a.
9.0
180. Tallow .'.0
CHEESE-—peT Northern 10018
v—ww II VMMHWIIVI^V UHUMI
--16X0..
tfc**1 o {dinV7..l«ft§..
IxjwMlddling..---....17H@..
_ Middling
Middling,".. 7.
strict Mudiing., _
fLOUR^gr bbi. Extra #7 2507 75.
QRAIH-per bush. Corn 8....01 0. (Mi
09.... Pea. 750100
HAT—per hudred. fl 6601 00.
{HSri^e^®i8^aP"taf f
LIME-perbbf 911909001 a
MOLA8ftX8-^pw gaL Cuba Mwnalo 910
60c.
I'i
NAILS—par keg. Assorted Parker Mm 5«c.
oo3^“
SUGAR—perk. Hew OHeane....0......
ChirtM 12X01%.
c££U
SALT—per A. Liverpool 91 >00.....
SHOT—perk. Drop ...01%;
"ssasa.
-ft
ATLANTA MARKET.
OOTTON—MiddUa^ 16X0..A Ut
-016X
BACON—per lb.
ft
H
113
■it
Ordinary ..000. Ordinary
Cawnf war eared
■omI 18019 Oon*
deer Side. 9X09X- StdeaeMr
...09X 8houldert .80..
BAGGING—per yard. Ran tuck; «340S9. 11 :|a

BRAN—per to a 0900099..; par IN Iba. 91 99
BUTTER—per lb. Goahen 30049... OoutniK
030. Tenneaaee 22025. ,r..
COFFEE—per lb. Rio 28 @25. Java350K.
CANDLES—per lb Adamantine 1334014. .Tallow
12340... Sperm 18@.. dw
CORN MRAlr—par Ousfeet, 96 .01 00 vJ.-r
COTTON TARNS—per Mb Nos. B and 11(111.
Non. 8,10 and 12*2 la T. V
FEATHERS—new per lb. 75080.
DRIED FRUIT—Peeled Peach** 10c. per lb ant
peeler 4 00@5 00 per bosbeL Applea 8 N
per bnabeL
FLOUR—per barrel, Taney 90 50010 00 Fami
ly 97 2509 00. Superfine M 2500 00.
GRAIN—per boaheL Wheat 91 7001 00 Oon
9 .9601 00 Oat* 6507a Rye91 2501 Mb
Barter 81 1501 25.
190 Iba. 91 i
Dry salted 14010
Pittsburg bar
Nail rod 10012...
lb. Bucket* 13X01 eana 12X0, Hero#
HAT—par ton. _
HIDES—per lb. Green
Dry Flint 16017.
IRON—per lb. Swede*
5@6.. Hoop U@:
Oaatint 7V0934.
LARD—per lb. Bncketa
LEATHER—per lb. White Oak aole 40060. Hem.
lock aole 91089 Upper per doaen 960089
Hameaa leather 40048
LIMB—per boaheL Georgia and 00080c,
Hydranllt Cement 96 000. pet banal.
Planter of Pari* 96 00 per barreL
LUMBER—per M. Framing |90 00. AH plank
(men) IN 50 Weaiherboardlng 98 99
flooring tongned and grooved <32 90 Shin
^leB| plne^rawed 98 00. Sawed 96 7501 99
<80 00.
wagon Umber NO 09 Wain at
MEAL—per bushel 8. 9601 00.
MOLASSES—per gallon Cuba 32..
$1
NAILS-]
New Orieana
r 35; bleating
B—jjer keg. 8d One <9 09 3d 9789 4d t
uSNABCRGB—per yard. 20029
PEAS—per bushel, <1 150125.
POWDER—per keg, 16 pounds,
SALT- per bag, <2 0002 25.
SHOT-per bag. <2 260
SUGAR—per 16. A1401434 Extra C14..@14..
Fair to Brown, choice 12018.
TOBACCO—per lb. Unsonna ao@60 Sound KU
1 09 Choice 61 25. Smoking 50091 00
COUNTRY PRODUCE—Eggs 27098c per doses
Chickens 22025 Sweet potatoes 75c@91 00
per bushel. Irish potatoes <0 000.... per
bushel.
FINANCIAL—Exchange on New Tork buying at
rir, selling at V advance. Gold, baying at
10, selling, 1 U. Silver, buying 1 04, aeubw
1 08; Gold uuat, bufffl selling.
■m. t;
ri
Bullion, buying
AUGUSTA MAJMLET.
BACON—per S. Bhoulden Clear BUM
Hama IS..@18
BAGGING AND HOPE—per ml. Gunny S3#8h
Cotton ....@90. Manilla per M738..@80
BUTTER—per M. Weatem Goehee
40#45. Country 25..#35.
COFFRE-per I>. Rio 18@& Jin38..AM.
CORN—per bosh. Mixed 80..#95... Whit*
$1 00#1 05.
CORN MEM#—per bash. 8..8M10&
WHEAT—per buah. White $1 S#8 01
FLOUR—per bbl. City MUla 87 50#li00. Oona
try 87 00@9 SO.
LARD—per lb. 16@11
OATS—per buah. 65#...
NAILS—per keg. 80 36#5 81
MOLASSES—per gaL Mnscorado 42#45.
Syrup 75c#5l SO.
PEA8—per buah. 81 00#81 00
FEA8 MEAL—per bnah. 1 00#.
RICE—per lb. 8#8W.
RTE—per buah. 81 10#.
SALT—per sack. Liverpool 81 00#1 71
SUGAR—per lb. Muacovado ..11#12...
Rico 13X«18 Powdered and Cruahed l#j(
#18.. Loal 16#1«K.
TEAS—per ft. 81
TOBACCO—per ft. 00#81
81 Smoking «B#1 ha
Sea k
SAVANNAH MARKET.
COTTON—per k. Middling! .7^«17X
landa
BACON—per 1. Shoulders 8. .#0... Clear RMkS
9#9V.. Hams 1?#18
BAGG1NGAND ROPE—per ft. Gunny 17#18^..
BING AND ROPE—per 1
Hemp Rope 0^#10^..
TlhS-perk.%^^
Western SB
IRON TIES—per
BUTTER—per ft.
OOFFEE—per ft. Rio 81..#83... Fen 88..M
FLOUR—per bbl Superfine 87 00A7 80, Ex
tra |<F 00#8» 01 Family 80 08#818 01
Fancy 8il 00# 19 00.
OORN—oar buah. ..98#810S
PEAS—per buah. 81 80#B 11
HAT-wrhun. 81 06#l 81
MOLASSES—per cel. Common M..#.„ Cuba
88#40. Golden extra SS#80...
RICE—Common to Good per ft. 6X<ft7X.
SALT—per tack. Liverpool 1 B0#1 60.
SUGAR—per 8. Cruahed end Powdered IQ#
lSe. A. White 14V. B. White 14c. CMS
tra 13)f. yellow C. 18)
o o
«i
W 1'