Selected Miscellany.
Selected Miscellany. GOING AFTER THE COWS.
BY JENNIE S. CHENEY.
T"r are waiting tbere. by the paetnre br,
iMppie, irony, una inm,
?0 I Klip the hm. In the mill-worn pntt,
And ilrnp ihom, one hy one;
But I do not go, a I at way go,
To see the milking done,
I lean mycbeeV on the paatnre ham,
And watch the attire eome out;
rerhape thny will ml'l me np nt the home,
And wonder whiit I am atom.;
.Bnt I ve omefhliifj to Chink of, here to-night,
While I watch Ihe attire come ouU'
Laat night, when I came for the beauties,
1 WllllevwM waiklnirwllh me,
And he arkari me, If I thought ever
A farmer'a wl'n I could lie
For I am a city girl, von know,
And a farmor'a ton 1 ho,
Willie wear rKrmeaptin tronera,
And anch a roare a'rw hat!
Bnt the fnce that look from under the rim
la hmrtxime and htavo, for all that;
Ai d hla eyea, thoy look at me ao queer
That iy heart goea plt-a-pat.
Every night, when the work Ifl done,
Wo alt In the twilight gray
Willie and I, In the Ivied porch,
Atid alng Uie honra away;
.J think It'i better than opera.
Or theatre, any day.
He aald, taat night, that the aummer
la brlgnter bttcauae I am here;
That hla work waa never ao laay
As It la when I am near
And he aald hut, there, I w"n't tell.
Sm b. word are too eacrid and dear.
How pnre la the breath of the clover,
That cornea from the meadpwe mown I
How holy the aky above me.
With the twinkling llghta full aown!
No wonder that Willie la liettcr
'than men who live In the town.
Po I think I will atay In the country,
-With Dnlly.and Dapple, and Dnn;
Ferhape, In the fur, awect atimmera.
They would know, hould I full to come,
In the dewy evea, to the paetiue-bars.
To drop them, one by one.
—New England Farmer.
A SMUGGLER FOR ONCE.
Osb bitterly cold morning In Decem
ber, I, John Onrnnn, stood leaning upon
the gate of my little garden, gloomily
thinking over the Wires.-! of tr ulo. I was
what they call in our parts a "jonster";
that is, I kept a horse and cart, and went
about the country jousting or selling tish.
For several wciks there had been noth
ing doing indeed, so bud a season had
l ot been known for years, andmyvvife
Mary, the old horse, and myself were get
ting unplea-wntly near starvation. I cmll
have borne this if I had to b'jar it alon
bnt Mary had been a valaed servant in
the parson's family, and was not used to
roughing it, and it cut me to the heart to
see how thin and pale she was getting for
want of the necessaries .f lite, which
did not know how to get. Poor girl
weak as she was, Bhe was the bravest of
the two. Many a time, when I was al
1 most in despair, her loving arms would be
thrown around my neck, and she would
bid me cheer up and bear my troubles like
a man, and I have answered that if I
could bear them as patiently as a woman
it would be better still.
While stanc ing at the gate, puzzling my
s If wh'.it to try that I hadn't tritd already,
I saw Tom Dav.es, a cousin of mine, com
ing along the lane, looking as sleek an i
comfortable a a well groomed h rse. It
had always been a nistery to me how
Tom lived, for, let trade be ever so bid,
he never seemi d to suffer, but was wcli
clothed, and looked j illv and happy.
He was always civil; but as be stopped
now to give me the time of day, he no iced
how queer I looked. Though I'm not
given to talking of my troubles, his sym-
Sathy loosened my tongue, and I told hii.i
ow there wasn't a morsel of bread in tha
cupboard, and I don't know how to put
any there.
He took a few whiffs of the short pipe
he waa smoking, eyeing me hard tha
while, and then told we if I could keep a
secret he thought he could put me tn'th.)
way of earning a trifle. I was ready to
promise an thing when I heard that, and
when I assured him that I would be a-j
secret as the grave, he bide me bring my
old horse to Rider's Cave on the follow
ing night punctually at twelve. He would
be there to meet me but I waa to ask no
questions. There might be a trifle of risk
in what I should have to do, but nothing
wrong; at least Tom saw z.r harm in it,
though others might.
"It's smuggling!" I said to myself, anil
I thought of Mary, who would sooner ilia
than know me to do anything that was
not just right. I was about to "say no to
Tom's offer, but Mary's wan face rose up
before me, and I remembered how biting
want was dragging her down to her grave,
I grew desperate.
I'm yo ir man, Tom, risk or no r'sk.
I'll be there to my time, never fear me."
He grasped the hand I held out, left a
shilling in it, and wi'h a nod walked on,
leaving rue with a weight on my con
science that had never rested upon it be
fore. All that day and the next I could
not meet Mary's eye without feeling as if
I were hiding a crime from her.
When evening came I told her that I
was wanted for a little job of moving at
the next village, and should not be home
till late. She never doubted the tale, but
smiled and kissed me when I went away,
leading old Bob by the bridle, and fancy
ing that I had ne7er seen a d-trier night,
nr heard the wind moan so dismally be
fore.
Rider's Cave Is situated in one of the
most lonely prts of the Coralsh coast, and
there is not a house within a couple of
miles of the snot. After riding for about
half an hour I came out of the lane on to
the beach, and another mile or so along
the foot of the cliffs brought me to the
cave. As I rode into it I heard a voicu
gay cautiously. "All right, John, the boat
will be here directly," and I was not sorrv
to find Tom Davies mounted on a cob
alongside of me.
Handing me a flask with some brandy
in it, he bade me take a nip at the same
time telling me with no little glee that tha
"coas'ies" weie napp ng, and we should
do them jolly.
After waiting for gome few minutes we
heard the regular click of oars in the row
locks, followed by the grating of a boat's
keel on the shingle.
We rode out, and soon had several par
cels strapped on either sida of the horses
then with scarcely a word spoken we set
off, Tom giving me instructions where to
leave my load, and adding that it would
tte as well to part as soon as we got off the
beach.
Away we went, but only to And out first
just as we quitted the shore that the
cowt guardsmen wero not napping after
.all. Two of them sprang at us from be
hind a boulder, aud clutched at the horses'
bridles; but the creatures swerved, and
that saved us.
Spur for yout life I" muttered Tom in
my ear, at the sane time riding his
staunch little cob right at the men. I saw
one of thera roll over on the sand, while
the other jumped aside, shouting to us to
stop, but we never paused until we were
some distauce down the lane leading from
the boach. Then Tom pulled up
We must part uow,' he said. Keep
to the right and rido (hard, for thev will
cut you off if they can where tha lane
winds toward the coast. But give the nag
whip and spur, and you'll be there before
thera. Off with you!" And so we
parted.
After Tom had lefh me I began to re
member how awkwardlycloge to the shore
the windings of the lane brought it, and
how easy It would be ior swift runners to
take a short cut across the fields and come
up with rue. Bitterly I repented being
led iuto such a dangerous affair: and tU-
ing myself with clenched teeth that for
Mary's sake I wouldn't be taken, I rode
on more furiously tnau belore.
The nearer 1 got to the tea the more I
dreaded a surprise, audit seemed as ifl
were so long threading the ins ajd outs of
my road, that they must be the first to
reach the spot where I anticipated danger.
Huddenly 1 was seized with the idea that
if i could leap the hedge I might evade
them, and quick as thought I put Bob at
the dark liurfof thorn bushes that loomed
ahead just where the lane made the last
sharp turn toward the bench.
I remember the rising ia the air, the
crash through the top if the hedge, and
my own fall, which was followed bv the
taut unearthly yell K Is possibe to
imiglne a shriek, that aeemtd ti die
My a ihe bowl. of the twin, Theu a
IMP
VOL. XIX.-NO. 25.
A. AAA
1'EREYSBUItG, WOOD CO., OHIO, FRIDAY, OCTOlJEIt 13, 1871.
w
9 wlM
If I
1.50 IN ADVANCE.

hundred star danced before my eyes
tlit-re was a strnge dizziness in my head-"-
all grew dark, and I knew no more.
How long I lay before coming to myselt
I cannot tell t nor could I recollect for a
considerable time after my senses returned,
wnat it was tnat naa nappenco. i umoeu
with the intense cold, I was lying on my
back, with the wind shrieking around me
but where was the horse? And what
meant tha awful yell I heard after taking
ihe lcapf
1 found that I was lying on a slope, ana
turning over on my right side I reached
out my hand, intending to lean npon it
and raise myself. To my horror I grasped
nothing, for it makes me shudder to
think of it I turned over into the mouth
of a partly disused pit. Already I was
hanging half within it; while struggling
to r gain my balance, I con Id feel myself
slowly but surely slipping further into the
hideous gulf yawning to receive me. I
gave one cry for mercy, and then grasped
wildly about till I succeeded in grasping
one of the boards with which tha shaft
was lined. In another second my body
had slid down with a jerk that nearly
wrenchtd my hands from their hold but
the strength of dtspe ration was in that
clutch, aud I held on. Thin a deatltly
fiintness came over me as I thought of
tho depth below, and Imagine 1 myseit
falling helplessly into them. The strain
upon my arms became intolerable, and to
ease them I tried to insert ray toes be
tween the crevices of the boards, crying
frantically but faintly for help the while,
though the sound of my own voice
startled me, it was go strangely hollow.
As I raided myself a lit le piece of the
rotten wood broke off, and for a dreadful
moment I was hanging by one hand but,
ere my quailiog heart could give another
fluttering throb, I had regained ray
grip, and found foothoid, too. More
than this I dared not venture in that pro
found darkness, but I told myself that I
was comparatively safe as long as my
acting limbs would sustain me. When
t.'.ey failed I knew that I should go down
until I lay, a maugled corpse, by the
side of the poor horse whose dying cry
still rings in my ears
Those were minutes of horror, and I
be'ieve I must havo gone ff my head a
little bit, for I fancied that fearful sounds
came up Irora the pit, and that some invis
ible power was trying to drag me into it.
Then a temptation assiiled me to let go,
to end at once the anxieties of my li:e,and
the pain and terror I was enduring. But
the poor, pile face of Mary Mary, who
was watching for me at home rose up be
fore my eyes, and witn renewed strength
I held on, and prayed to Heaven to help
me.
As if in answer to the prayer, a gleam
of the moon's light broee through the
murky clouds vanished and then shone
out again so clearly that I was able to per
ceive th ladder not many feet away. As
cautioutly as my cramped limbs would
permit, 1 worktd my way towards it, and,
before the clouds gathered again I was
kneeling on the bank above the pit-
saved.
Cold, weary and sad, I made my way
home without interruption, and told Mary
what had happened. As she clang about
my neck, shivering and sobbing, she made
me promise that I wi..uld never again be
drawn into anything which my conscience
told me wasn't just right and, thank God!
I am able to say come fair weather or
ioui i nave Dee a taitntui to my word.
The Progress of the Negro.
No candid person in the South will deny
that the general experience of the negro
since emancipation has been progress;
that in nearly every respect of his lil'e he
exhibits some improvement from that
date, southern men are not very ready to
advertise this to the world they would
probably confess it with reluctance to a
.Northern commission of inquiry; but In
private conversations among themselves,
where no pride of controversy interpos'-'S,
they freely aumit it and wonder at it. The
negro moves. He is showing the greatest
knowledge and education; attested by the
fact, fr which examination is challenged,
that in the free school of the fckmih.
where he has equal admission, there are
more black children than white ones in
proportion to the papulation of each race
in the given community. Bo far from be
coming the idle vagabond that the pessi
mist theorizers would have him after
emancipation, he is exemplarlly industri
ous attested by the fact that to day the
negro represents nearly all tne laDor ot
the South; and admitting this test, that of
persons in equal condition ot poverty and
necessity of work, there are far more poor
whites than negroes who are id e in the
South. Of the vices that were to ass til
and destroy the negro in his new estate
of freedom, there are no proofs;
quite the contrary. The terrible vice
of intemperance, which has been
the usual scourge of weak races, and
the almost unfailing incident nt a pre
cocious civilization, is comparatively un
known among the Southern freedinen. So
far from being improvident, the wonder is
how the negro economizes, gets so many
good clothes and real comf jrts out of his
very scanty wages. As a voter he has
shown a discretion and independence that
have nonplussed the wisest of our poiiti'
cians. There were white wiseacres who,
some time ago, supposed the negro's vote
might bo procured by the merest solicita
tion, a mere wink from his employer; and
a common joke in the South on the
Fifteenth Amendment wai that the dis
franchised white man might buy some
cheap old negro to do his voting for him.
IS aver was such disappointment. iDe
spectacle has not been uncommon in the
South of a negro who paid a deference to
the white man scarcely less than he had
shown in the days of slavery, who prssi-
blv vet said Mas r, wno did his work
in all humility and with all subjection, yet
going openly to the poils and casting his
vote there against the party of his em
ployer. Sue n an instance of self-respect
and moral courage is to be admired even
by thote against whom it acts im iio
tiMnce f lite Negro" in October Qaiaxy
Taming of the Bridegroom.
Mb. BprxLMAN had just married a sec
ond wife. On the day after the wedding
Mr. 8. remarked:
I intend. Mrs. B.tillman, to enlarge my
dairv."
you mean our dairy, my aear, lepuea
Mrs. Spillman.
"No." quoth Mr. Spillman, "I Intend
to enlarge my dairy."
Say our dairy," Mr. Spillman.
JNo. Div dairy.
Say our dairy, say our screamed
she, seizing the poker.
v My dairy my dairy yelled the bus
band.
Our dairv our dairy r screeched the
wife, emphasizing each word biy a Plow
on the back or her tnug.ng spouse.
Mr. Spillman retreated under the bed,
Iu passing under the bed-clothes his hat
was brushed off. He remained under cover
several minutes, waiting for a lull in the
storm. At last his wile saw nan tnrubt
ing h i head out at the foot of the bed
much like a turtle from its shell."
What are you looking fort" exclaimed
the lady.
I am looking for our hat, my deir,"
said ho.
On a recent Sunday, the Rev. Clinton
Clark, of Middlebury, Ut., pleached from
the text Be ye therefore ready also, for
the Sou of Mau cometh when ye think
nt j" and the next day while leaving his
uomtt lor a walk oa the street, ne leu in
McjwiUo aud died iu ball au tour.
General News Summary.
THE OLD WORLD.
A, Llspatch fromConstantinople on the
1st ret'xrt8 many deaths from cholera in
that city. The season had been very hot,
and the supply of water falling, a spread
ing of the epidemic was feared.
The ConncilJa en or Liomion.on thestith
nit., elected Aid. John Gibbons Lord
Mayor for the ens ing year. Gibbons is
a Conservative in pi cities.
A Paris dispatch o. the 1st says The
supporters of the emre are becoming
bolder In their intrigues, and are agitating
openly for its restoration. Clement Duve
meis, the editor of the new Bonapartist
paper, declares that Thiers is failing, and
the country will naturally return to the
government which gave it twenty yeari of
order."
A London dispatch of the 2d reports
several marine disasters. Of a crew of
fourteen on an Italian bark which was
wrecked, six were saved, four starved to
death in the rigging, and four were downed.
The ship Mount Sinai had been burned at
sea no details.
A letter has been received In London
from Mr. Savil Dickinson, dated Teheron,
September 7, giving an account of the
condition of affnirs In Persia. lie says
that during the month of July 8,000 per
sons perished in the city of Meschid, and
that 40,000 Inhabitants of the province
had been carried off into slavery by the
Afghans, who had taken advantage of the
general disorganization to make Incur
sions for plunder. The bakers demanded
such exorbitant prices for bread that the
authorities had intervened, and a number
of them had been executed. The horrors
of the pestilence were increased by fre
quent Inundations. Yet, notwithstanding
the fearful situation of the country and
the people, the Persian Government had
refused to avail itself of aid proffered by
the governments of Great Britain and
Russia.
A Paris telrgTsm of tho Sd announces
the arrest iu tht city of secret agents of
Napoleon, who hid been intriguing for
the restoration of the empire.
The number of emigrants sailing from
the port of Liverpool during the last three
months was 00.000, an increase of 5,000
over the number during the previous
quarter.
An explosion of fire-damp occurred
early on the morning of the 4th in one of
the mines of Aberdare, Wales. Five per
sons were killed. On account of the early
hour, the regular mining force were not
yet at work, which alone prevented a fear
ful log) of life.
Victor Hugo was reported to be alarm
ingly ill on the 5th, in a town near Paris.
It is said that Rochefort is determined
on suicide unless his sentence is changed.
The sentence of Rochefort has been
commuted from imprisonment tj banish
ment from the French territory.
THE NEW WORLD.
Gold closed in New York on the 6th
at 114 V-
It was reported on the 1st that Ingersoll
had been served with a summons in a suit
for the recovery of $1,000,000 belonging
to the tax-payers, alleged to have been
fraudulently obtained during 1819 and
1870
A New York dispatch of the 1st says
The last issue of a certain weekly pic
torial paper printed in this ci'y contained
large cut, representing Han, Tweed,
Sweeney, and Connolly in convict dress
and heavily man seed. The police, by
direction of Mayor Hall, seized tho whole
edition."
The Secretary of the Treasury has In
structed the Assistant Treasarer at New
York to buy $2,000,000 in bonds on each
Wednesday, and sell $2,000,000 in gold on
each Thursday during the month of Oc
tober. Paymaster-General Brice authorizes a
denial of the statement recently tele
graphed from Washington to the effect
that another heavy defalcation had been
discovered in his department.
President Grant and family arrived in
Chicago from Galena on the 30th ult
A Washington telegram of the 1st says
information hod reached there from York
ville, S. C, that several days before, under
warrants issued by the United States Com
missioner, eight or nine persons were ar
rested on a charge of having whipped a
negro woman. The prisoners were brought
to town by a squad of United States sol
diers and lodged in jail. After an investi
gation by the Commissioner, they were
required to give bail in the sum of $2,000
each for appearance tefore the United
States Circuit Court. The arrests are
said to have been made under tho Ku
Klux act.
A Pottsvillo, Pa, dispatch of the 2d says
an explosion of sulphur had occurred in
the Otto colliery, by which Patrick
McMichael, George Dialap, Jacob Yost
and Thomas Hays were killed, and George
Bainee seriously injured. One miner was
missing, and there was no hope of recover
ing him alive.
According to a New York dispatch of
the 2d, the smallpox was raging in Brook
lyn. A New York city evening paper of the
2d announces that Judge George C. Bar
rett had made application before Justice
Bixby, of the Fifty-seventh Street Police
Court, for a warrant for the arrest of
Mayor A. Oakey Hall for alleged gross
misdemeanor in converting public funds,
or permitting the same to be diverted from
legitimate use by signing warrants for the
payment of millions of dollars for work
that had not been doue,said moneys having
been paid to Ingersoll, Gorvey, Miller,
Smith, Ballard and others. The justice
did not feel authorized to grant the war
rant, as some respect should be shown the
official position of the Chief Magistrate of
the city. He would send notice to the
Mayor to appear the following morning,
and should he neglect or refuse to appear,
a warrant for his arrest would subsequent
ly be Issued.
A New York dispatch of the 2d says
"Secret account glvlug theeipemlttureaof the
civil Kuveruuieut for the Art quarter of lliu uroa-
ent yeur were publii-lied to-duy. Tlieae Include
the coat for apuruprlaiiona, Ue aueclal aud truat
account, and revenue bouua The city pay-rolla
show llut luiuieiiM auuia were uuid lu uciilloua
uaiuea. In many lnatttuces the persona receiving
aalariea never performed any aervlce, and aome
were Incapable of doiuif it. The liauieeof a few
profeueloual buftlueae men are to be aeeu upon the
pay-rolla. JUu Cuakk aud Joe Coburu are aald lo
receive their monthly atlpeuda uudur aaeumed
bauiee. Michael Nautou, btate Senator, la aaid to
have no leaa Uum twelve of theae lucrative alue-euros-
'lite iuveellgallou of theae inaltera haa
cauaed the Kretet couitiernattnu aiuouif the citv
yfj-f., 'J'U eifrle( (oi die DeuarluiSUt Of
Pnhllo Works make a yearly aggregate of nearly
Sum.lKKl. The annnal payment to the I(i,ialatlve
Department la nearly MmMHIO The coat for
annual aervicoa of the Mnyor'a office la nearly
tso.ouo.
The international money-order system
between the United States and Great
Britain went Into operation on the
Remittances can also be made by interna
tional money-orders, tia Switzerland,
all the principal towns and cities of Aus
tria, Hungary, Spain, Russia, Sweden,
Denmark, Norway, Turkey, Greece,
Egypt, the East Indies and China.
The public debt statement for October
2d is as follows
Ttearln Interest In coin
Principal. fi,OT.t,Mo.non.nn
lntereat 87,4M),73.UU
Dent healing Interest in lawful
money:
Principal 43,1S,0O0.0n
Interest BS3,1H0.0U
Ieht on which Intereat has
ceaaed alnce maturity:
principal l,RH.fm.m
Intereat 8I8,!)5.U)
I V)ht hearing no Intereat:
Priniflpal 411,6B4,mi.m
Unclaimed Intereat 9.613.00
Total debt Principal fa,3.'l0,11,l(.0fl
Intereat 3S.IW7.4WI.
Total.
..4,.1HS,a09,llll
Cash in Treaanry:
Coin intereat
Currency intereat
tnn,M4.fo7.00
l,tKW,T8a.OO
Total tl07,S8S,SS0.0U
Decrease of debt dnrlnir pant month
ltecreaaeof debt since March 1, 1S71,
Decrease of debt from March 1. ltWT,
to March 1, 1871
Bonria 1-aued to Pacific Railway
Company, interest payable in
lawful money; principal out-
aundfng
Interest accrued and not yet paid
Interest paid by the United Stales
Interest repaid by transportation of
mails, etc
m,4w,t-sn.(ni
tkl,U44,0U7.UU
SO4,7M,413.C0
A4IP.,f!R.M
iwo.ax-i.no
13,IKH,47S.0U
3,1R,OS.00
Balance of Intereat paid by the
United States 9,S10,'8S.OO
Late advices from tho Indian Territory
rpport serious depredations by the Kiowa
Indian? in the vic'nity of Fort Sill.
number of men were recently killed and
scnlped within a few miles of that fort.
Two herders were shot a few days ago
within sight of the fort, and their bodies
mutilated beyond recognition.
A terrible accident occurred at tho fair
grounds at Puoli, Ind., on the afternoon
of the 30th u!t The following is the ac
count by telegraph
Professor Wllbnr had made arraniremente for
a balloon ascep-ion. He was to be accompanied
by!ore II. Knnpp, editor of the ilrnw i nun
fit In ion. Jnet a a they were about eettlne Into
tne balloon the cord eave way, and ther made
eprtnu for the car, hat only succeeded In (traeplni;
a rope. Aa the ballooa rose Knapp let po, and
fell at a heljjht of about thirty feet, without seri
ous Injury. Professor Wilbur held on, and at.
tempted to climb Into the basket, but was unable
to do ao, and the balloon ahot np rapidly, with the
Professor banana- below The spectators were
thrilled with horror at the terrible scene which
ended In a dreadful manner. At a heiuht of about
one mile the doomed man loosed his hold aud
came whirling to the earth. At the height he bail
attained he looked like a amall stick about a foot
lonir. Aa he approached the earth he waa com
down feet foremost. Then he spread out hori
zontally, then doubled up and turner over, then
straightened ont head downward. Aa he struck
he earth he fell upon his head, and the back
his head waa mashed Into an nndlstlntrulsbablo
niaea, and hla body crushed and bruised horribly.
The concussion waa so great that half a gallon
clotted blood waa thrown from hla month, end hia
body marie an indenture In the ground eh-'ht inches
deep, and re ounded to about four feet from
where It struck. To add to Ihe painful character
of the accident, the Profeseor'a young wife and
little daughter were on tho ground, and witnessed
the terrible affair. The remains cf the nnfortun
aie man were properly cared for, and buried
Puoli on the 2d."
A Salt Lake dispatch of the 2d says
M Brigham Young was arrested this afUr
noon at 4 o'clock, npon the indictment
the Grand Jury, charging him under the
Utah statute with cohabiting with sixteen
different women. Owing to the sickness
of the prisoner, he was allowed to remain
at his home to-night in charge of a deputy
marshal. The penalty of the statute for
the conviction of this chtrge is imprison
ment for not over ten years, and not less
than six months, and a fine of not over
$l,C0O nor less than $100. It is reported
and generally belived that indictments
have been found against Brigham Young
for murder."
Both branches of the Tennessee Legis
lature met and organized on the 2d. John
C. Vaughan was elected Speaker of the
Senate, and James D. Richardson, Speaker
of the House of Representatives.
Hon. Wm. H. Seward arrived at New
York on the 8d, from Europe. Some
friends gave him a hearty reception in the
bay. He left immediately for Peekskill,
on the Hudson.
A Hartford, Conn., dispatch of the
says election returns from 114 towns
that State show that the Republicans car
ried, on the 3d, 67 towns, and the Demo
crats 87 towns, and in 10 towns mixed
tickets were elected.
The New York Evening Pott of the
says We are Informed that Mayor Hall
has undertaken to suppress Hairwn'i
Weekly in the streets as libellous and in
decent."
The Commissioners under the treaty
Washington have adopted rules and regu
lations for the presentation of claims.
Claimants must file their statements in the
form of memorials, accompanied by twenty
printed copies thereof.
Tho Agricultural Congress assembled
Nashville, on the 8d representatives being
present from Tennessee, Georgia, Ala
bama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Missouri,
Illinois, Indiana, and Kentucky.
A Washington dispatch of the 3d says
Governor Senter, of Tennessee, declines
sending a message to the Legislature,
which is something unusual in the legis
lative history of that State."
November IS has been selected as
day for laying the corner-Btone of the new
Iowa State CupitoL
President Grant held a public reception
at the Tremont House, Chicago, on the 2
Great tires wero reported as prevailing
in dllTurent sections of the country on tlie
3d. The prairies in the western part
Minnesota wero on lire, the conflagration
extending from Breckinridge to Salt Lake,
a distance of one hundred and sixty miles.
A fearful fire was raging in the woods
north of Green Bay, Wis., and it was re
ported that Oconto, Wis., waa burning.
A great fire In the woods and fields was
also prevailing between Defiance, O., and
New Haven, Ind.
A Salt Lake dispatch of tha 3d says
Brigham Young was too ill to appear
court this morning, nd his arraignment,
therefore, was postponed. Ho remains
his residence, in the custody of United
States Deputy Marshals." Daniel
Wells, Mayor of Salt Lake City and Third
President of the Mormon Church, was
also arrested on the 3d, by United States
Marshal Patrick, upou an indictment
the Grand Jury charging him with po
ligamy News from Mexico on the 30th nit. is
the effect that Jaurez, ior President had
a majority of eighteen In Congress. His
election, therefore, was cerlaio. It was
believed that there would be ao important
the
to
(HI
no
A
a
nir
of
of
at

cf
3d
in
3d
of
in

J.
of

in
in
II.
by
to
icvolutionary movements following this
result.
The New York Democratic State Con.
vention met at Rochester on the 4th and
effected a permanent organization by the
election of Clarksnn N. Potter as Chair
man. A motion was adopted 09 to 4
that, there being no regular delegation
present from New York, the roll of that
city be omitted in the deliberation. A
series of rt solutions was adopted, and tho
Convention adjourned to the 5th.
The Massachusetts Labor Reform Con
vention has nominated Mr. Chamberlain
for Governor Lieutenant Governor, Allen
Dean Secretary of State, H. B. Megath
lon; Attorney-General, George II. Rufla,
colored; Auditor, George B. Sanderson.
A resolution was adopted That we wel
come women to seats iu this Convention
as legal delegates, and also as voters at
the polls, as goon as they can be legally
made go."
Tho following Is the ticket nominated
by the Prohibitionists of Massachusetts:
For Governor, Judge Pittman Lieutenant-Governor,
Eliphalct Trask; Secretary
of State, George S. Ball j Treasurer, John
I. Baker; Attorney-General, Samuel D.
Field Auditor, Hon. Ezra S. Conant.
Mayor Hall, of New York city, ap
peared before the Yorkville Police Court
on the morning of the 4th to answer the
charge of malfeasance in office. He made
a short address to the court, waiving an
examination and tendering bail. Ho was
release! on his own recognizance.
Hon. Henry Snapp, of Will County, has
been nominated for Cong rets by the Re
publicans of the Sixth Illinois District.
An Omaha dispatch of the 4th says the
official canvass shows a majority of 614
against the new constitution of Nebraska.
The Illinois State Democratic Conven
tion, which met at Springfield on the 4th,
nominated Hon. S. S. Hayes, of Chicago,
as candidate for Congressman-at Large.
A dispatch from Green Bay, Wis., on
the 4th, says the fires then prevailing in
the State had never had a parallel since
the settlement of tho country. Dwelling
houses, barns and their contents, hay
stacks, cord wood, and other property, to
gether with hundred's of miles of fences,
were burnd, as no resistance could tie of
fered to the approaching fires. It was es
timated that an area cf 1,500 square miles
was being burned over.
A New York dispatch of the 5th says
Experts yesterday visited the County
Court nouae, accompanied by a special
committee of the Committee of Seventy,
and made a careful examination of all the
furniture in the building. After adding 25
per cent, to their estimate, they valued all
at $92,075. Other experts estimated the
carpenter work at $132,000, including the
addition of 25 ppr cent. Mr. Ingersoll re
ceived for furnishing the above, $1,400,
000. The alUdavits of the experts were
sworn to and handed to District Attorney
Garvin. Several vouchers for Ingersoll's,
Garvey's and Keyser's work were un
earthed, yesterday, by the Committee of
Seventy. The vouchers are all for an
enormous amount Not one of them was
sworn to, but all were signed by A. Oakley
Hall."
The New York Democratic State Con
vention, on the 5th. nominated the
following ticket: For Secretary of
State, Dledrich Williers; Comptrol
ler, A. V. Nichols; Treasurer, Wheeler
H. Bristol; Attorney-General, Mar
shall B. Champlain; State Engineer,
Van R. Richmond; Canal Commisiioner,
G. W. Chapman Inspector of State Pris
ons, David B. McNeil. Mr. Tllden is
Chairman of the new State Committee.
The Secretary of the Treasury has de
cided that free goods may be carried in
cars with bonded merchandise.
Wm. G. Nelson has been appointed
Gauger for tho First District of Ohio.
At a special conference of the Mormon
Church, in Salt Lake City, on the 5th,
speeches were made by Goo. Q. Cannon
and Brigham Young, Jr., who bitterly de
nounced the Federal officials. The latter
said the Mormons had settled that moun
tain region, and they were entitled to its
exclusive occupation aud enjoyment.
They asked no favors or assistance from
any source. They defied all their enemies
the Government of the United Slates in
cluded. The government officials now
persecuting them were tools of the devil.
He prayed God to curse them all forever.
Said he, with! violent gesticulations
Trust to God, keep your powder dry,
and don't fail to have on hand a good sup
ply of fixed ammunition."
A Yankton (D. T.) dispa'ch of the 5th
says prairie fires had broken out at several
points, both east and west of there, result
ing in the destruction of several dwell
ings, barns, and other property.
Eminent physicians of New Orleans
published a statement on the 5th that no
yellow fever existed in that city and that
the city was and hai been remarkably
healthy throughout.
The case of Mrs. Ely Wharton, indicted
for the poisoning of General Ketchum
and E. Van Ness, was on the 5th removed
from the Criminal Court in Baltimore to
the Circuit Court of Anne Arundel
County.
A W ashington telegram of the 5th says
"Information from Texas is to the effect
that tbe Republican ticket, including
Clark, is elected. It is reported that Con
nor, Democrat, is electe J, but the contest
was close, and the seat will be contested."
At a meeting of the New York Citizens
Committee of Seventy on the Oth, it tran
spired that John H. Keyser, one of tbe
new Court House contractors, had made
an assignment of some $(100,OGO worth of
property to Jackson S. Schultz, a member
of the committee, in trust, to repay, out of
the proceeds of the same, all sums of
money which he may have improperly
received from the city or County of New
Yoik, and he has also given full informa
tion touching his pecuniary transactions
with tho city.
At the election in Connecticut, on the
2d, 70 towns went straight Republican, 45
straight Democratic, and 22 divided. Of
tbe latter, 8 elected a Republican majority
of the Board of Selectmen, and 0 a ma
jority of Democrats 4 are a lie, and 4
doubtful. This gives the Republicans 87
towns, and the Democrats, 51. Ho says a
Hartford dispatch of the bib.
President Grant and family reached
Washington on the 6th.
Mr. Barton Edsall, of the firm of Hurl
but Ednall, wholesale druggists of Chi
cago, was found lying, fatlly wouuded by
putol ahot, on the ball floor of hla resi
dence early on the morning of the 6th.
His wife was awakened by two pistol
shots fired in rapid succession, and on in
vestigation found her husband in a dying
condition and unable to give an account of
the tragfdy. It was generally thought by
thoso who examined the premises that a
burglar had committed the murder, while
there were those who professed to be
lieve it was a case of suicide.
Hon. A. H. Conner having resigned the
Chairmanship of the Indiana Republican
State Central Committee, Colonel J. W.
Foster, of Evansville, hag been appointed
to fill the vacancy.
A Detroit dispatch of the Oth says:
The mail car on the train which was due
here from Chicago at eight o'clock this
morning, on the Central road, caught fire
last night near Ashtemo, and was con
sumed, with all its contents, including all
the United States mail, the passengers'
baggage, some express matter, and a corpse
that was being taken from Chicago to
some point on the Jackson Saginaw
road."
Dispatches on the Oth, from difTereut
sections in Wisconsin and Minnesota, re
port the fires in the woods and on the
prairies as still raging in a fearful and de
structive manner. Nothing Bhort of a gen
eral rain would check the progress of the
flames.
POLITICAL ITEMS.
C3? A Democratic paper solemnly an
nounces that the party in New York this
fall M must be offensive, not defensive,"
as though the party's offense wasn't rank,
and didn't smell to heaven pungently
enough already.
C'The Ku-KIux trials in Raleigh,
N. C, seem to have dispelled all doubt as
to the existence in that region of the mur
derous Ku Klux Klan. The Rileigh Era
says The evidence in the case of the
United States agtinst R. A. Shotwell
and otucrs was so clear and convincing as
to extort from all a confession that the
verdict of guilty, rendered by the jury,
was a just and righteous one."
lTThis is one way votes are made in
New York. The canvasser counting them
makes them up in bunches of ten, then
colls "tally" and slips a piece of elastic
around the bundle. Of course, he has
only to take five votes instead of ten and
call tally to augment greatly the
chances ot his favorite. In one instance
this was done so enthusiastically that the
Tammany candidate had received fifty
tallies, or SCO votes, and had a large quan
tity yet uncounted, when the poll clerk
felt it advisable to inform the ctnvassers
that there were only 4o9 names on the
registry.
t3T"We were taken in, like most of our
cotemporaries, by the absurd and incredi
ble story of the man that seetned to live
for some months alter his neck was broken.
We printed it but of course we see now
that it was simply an allegory, represent
ing the Democratic party. The only signs
of vi'ality the poor creature gave were
those of eating and talking. He made a
great deal of noiso with his mouth, and
was a terrible burden on his friends.
That's the Democratic party. A man
with half an eye ought to recognize it in
the thin disguise. Chicago Pott.
t3F"The old story comes from the Trea
sury Department, but one the people never
tire of hearing. The reduction of the
public debt during the month of Septem
ber was about $13,500,000. Add to this
the fact that $200,000,000 have been bor
rowed at 5 per cent, to replace an equul
amount of bonds bearing (5 per cent., sav
ing two millions a yeai in interest when
the transaction is fuliy consummated, and
the other fact that Congress will doubtless
reduce the annual taxation when it assem
bles from thirty to fifty millions more,
and tho whole government financial situa
tion is apparent. The nation is steadily
winning its way to low taxes, and a rapid
extinction of all its pecuniary obligations.
t3TIgnatius Donnelly, of Minnesota, in
a recent speech, spoke as follows in regard
to his recent change of politics
A good deal has been said about my
returning to the Republican party. I do
not feel that I ever was out of that party.
I may have got one leg over the traces,
but I was in the harness all the while.
Great laughter. If there was any crime
in kicking that leg out of the traces, my
defense will have to be that of the boy
who went fishicg on Sunday. A preacher
saw him sitting on the river's bank. My
son,' said he, don't you know you are
committing a great sin to fish on the Sab
bath day r' Wal,' sa'd the boy, it can't
be no great sin, for I hain't coiched nuth
in'.' Uproarious laughter. I ran upou
'the pltttfurm of Iguatius Donnelly. I
still regard it as a good, sound, substantial
platform, but there isn't enough of it to
make a party out of. Tumultuous ap
pUuse. In fact, my friends, I found that
the temperature was increasing at the rate
of one degree for every fifty-four feet I de
scended. It got so hot I concluded I was
going to the devti. Laughter. Now I
don't think a ma- ought to go to the devil
simply to prove that he isn t afraid to go
to the devil. So I took the back track. I
came up like a halt-drowned gopher."
Tremendous outbursts of laughter.
A Man Blows Himself Up with a Keg
of Gunpowder.
Tab town of Norwalk was aroused
Thursday morning at 6 o'clock by a loud
explosion on the premises of Mr. William
J. Mills, on James street, near the Silver
Mine road, and occupied by Horatio T.
Cook. On proceeding thither a most hor
rible sight presented itself. The house
was literally rent in twain, its east end
blown out, the roof lifted, windows gone,
ceiling demolished, and all on fire. But the
most sickening sight was the blackened
and disfigured corpse of Horatio T. Cook,
which lay thrown back, buried in the
burning debris. Mrs. Cook was also found
seriously injured aud in a most pitiable
condition. Crazed by the concussion, she
was frantically throwing herself about in
her night clothes and screaming for aid.
The first effort was to extinguish the
flames, which was soon done, when Mrs
Cook was removed to the house of a neigh
bor. She fur Dishes the following accouut
of the circuuistunces preceding the all'air
Mr. Cook belongs to a family predisposed
to insanity, and Horatio, when a lad, was
kicked in the head by a horse, fiom which
he has, no doubt, specially mllered. He
was iu the insauo asylum at Uartlord two
years, some live or six years ago. During
tne la-t tew weeks he has been ill from in
termittent fever and congestion of the
brain. In consequence of this illness he
had occupied the largest of two ad
joining bed-rooms, and Mrs. Cook the
smaller one J ust before daylight he, hav
ing a chill, called his wil'u up and desired
her to lio down beside him. This she did.
and, fulling asleep, he quietly arose and
went iuto her room, where, at the foot of
the bed, there had been stored a keg about
half full of blasting powder, which he
used lu his business as a rock-blaster. It
would seem from the position of the re
mains that he moved tho keg from the
bed, laid himseU over it, and touched it
off. Previous to exploding the powder he
hod carefully gathered up all Mrs. Cook's
clothing in the upier part of the house and
thrown it down the cellar, with a view ot
preservation, thus showing entire doliberv
lion in plauninir his own destruction. To
the tact that the bouse was very slightly
built, the windows up, and the bed-room
doors open, maybe attributed the almost
marvelous escape of Mrs. Cook tho only
other occupant of the house at the time.
The remains are shockingly blackened and
burned, but so badly mutilated as would
be supposed; but nothing so horrible and
sickening to behold has ever transpired in
this community since the shocking draw
bridge accident at South Norwalk in May,
1853. lfivrtford (Conn.) Courant, Sep
The Dog That Stood on His Dignity.
ne was not our dog. We never kept
nny animals in the house noteven cats.
And if Bruno had belonged to us, I fear
that we never thould have prized him as
he deserved, for we had been terribly
frightened about mad dogs when we were
children, and so had grown up with a
most unreasonable dread of the whole ca
nine race.
When I left my careless girlhrod behind,
I tried to leave my cowardice with it, but
to this day I am only courageous in streaks
where dos are concerned. Bruno was a
great shaggy, black dog, as big as a calf,
six months old. Ho was kept as a watch
dog in a large store, and when our home
fell to us in the rooms over said store, he
seemed to think thut he had us also in his
charge.
The people before us had made much of
him inviting him up stairs, letting the
baby ride on his tack, or go to sleep with
him on the fl or, and treating him to a
taste of all the nice tid bits that were
brought into the house. Of course he
soon thought he had the freedom of the
place.
He had such large, pleasant eyes, so full
of benevolence and of fun, too, that it is
a mystery how I could help liking him.
But if he hid bien a lion or a big bear, I
could not have been more nearly geared to
death than I was on the day of cur arri
val, whm looking up from a baslvet of
dishes that I was unpacking, I saw his
huge form in the door-ay. Over went
basket, and ith a marvelous spring I
went over the basket clear into the ad
joining room, where I shut the door with
a bang, locked it, and then screamed for
dear life. Just then some one out of doors
whistled cheerily and the monstrous fellow
went bouncing down the stairs to my
great relief.
I saw no more of him that day, but the
next morning he paid me a visit. I had
just placed the gridiron over a nice bed of
coals, and held ia my hand a plateful of
juicy steak, cut ready for broiling, when 1
heard a pauting sound close by me, and
looking round, there stood Bruno with his
great open mouth nearly on a level with
my shoulder.
I was too frighteneal to scream or to run
away. My first thought was the necessity
of coaxing rather than fighting, if happily
I might escape with my life.
Trembling I held out to him a bit of
raw meat. The immense jaws gave one
snap, and the bit vanished. Another and
another followed, until only a tiny morsel
remained for my husband's breakfast.
Could I not in some way save that I
made several steps backward toward the
door, and hope began to spring up in my
heart. But Bruno, alas 1 had been taught
to speak for what he wanted, and now,
with one eye on the remnant in the dish,
he tipped his head back and spoke. That
was enough. I threw him the meat in de
spair, just managing, as I did so, to get out
of the room. I don't think my husband
particularly enjoyed breakfasting on dry
toast alone, but he had taken an unac
countable fancy to the dog, and I remem
ber that I thought the scanty fare a suita
ble punishment for such taste.
He'll run mad and bite you, aud then
you will have the hydrophobia, and bite
me," I aid, when man like he tried to rea
son with me. As if a woman's fears could
ever be made amenable to reason.
Bruno was now evidently determined
to give me the pleasure of his acquaint
ance. Whether the breakfast gave him an
idea that I was subject to generous im
pulses, or whether he liked me for my own
sake, I cannot say, but I was hopelessly
in bis good graces. He evidently thought
my friendship worth having, and left no
doggish art untried to win it.
Once in particular, when I was nicely
dressed for going out, I sat down to wait
for my husband, who was preparing to ac
company me. Ladies wore drapery sleeves
then, and I had donned for the occasion
an elegant pair of lace uuderslet.vcs. They
were a present from a dear friend, who
had herself embroidered them, and I was
admiring the delicate work, when Bruno
came into the room, and in his unfeigned
delight in fine appearance, laid his dirty,
wet nose directly across my arm. Did't I
jump?
My laces were so soiled, and the fringed
trimming of the oversleeves so bedaubed
and taogled, that I had to dress again, and
not nan so Dccomingiy.
"Ugh! You great ugly curl" said I;
but I took care to wait until he was out of
hearing before I said it.
"He is only scraping acquaintance,"
said my husband, laughing.
But I was determined not to be familiar
with him.
Beasts were not made to live in the
nouso with human bttnjrs," I said to Bru
no's master, one morning when I was
brushing tho stair carpet. The dog had
never learned to use the mat at the door,
and all the sand that everybody tracked
into the house was consequently laid to
his want of neatness.
If you really do not like to have him
come up-stairs," said Bruno's master, "you
have only to tell him so. He will under
stand and take the h.'nt."
I had never yet spoken to him, except
to coax him hypocritically when his pres
ence frightened me. Poor Bruno I Good
fellow was all I had ventured to utter.
But I had little faith in the remarkable
intelligence that would enable him to take
a hint that was sometimes thrown away
upon my own species. Nevertheless, I
thought the experiment worth trying.
That very noon Bruno appeared, about
dinner-time, just dropping in a moment to
gee whut I was up to. Ho had a habit of
doing this at meal times, and if he was
hungry, it was a particularly inconvenient
time to receive him. So, without even
the politeness of saying good morning, I
began
"Bruno I
He looked up, and oponcd his mouth ex
pectantly. "Bruno," said I, speaking slowly but
impressively, "you mubt go downstairs
directly, and don tyou ever show your face
up here again."
Poor Bruuot He hod been wagging hi j
tail ever since he came in, out of pure good
will. He looked at me wistfully, jut a mo
ment, to be sure that I was in earnest. I
can't say that there wore not tears in his
eyes. I am sure the happy light went out
of them. But, with only the mute protest
of a look, he turned awuy and went out of
the room.
At tirst I could not believe that he so
well understood me but no persuasion of
my husband's, nor evt n the promise of the
nicest beefsteak, could induce him to enter
our doors. Neither could he bo coaxed to
approach me. He never seemed to be
aware of my presence, and if I met him
anywhere about the premises and stopped
to speuk to him, he passed on as compos
edly as if I had been invisible'. Somehow
I got the bt tter of my cowardice when I
found he would have nothing to do with
mo, and I actually sought sn intimacy with
him, but iu vain. Ho Would guard most
faithfully any thing that I entrusted to his
care magnanimously returning good tor
evil, and heaping coals of tiro upon my
bead. But I had rejected the affection he
offered m, and lost it forever. Jfr. U, C.
Gardner in tha Muwdut.
CURRENT ITEMS.
lr you wish to gain affection, bestow It.
Success is his who works hard enough
for it.
PnoviDB for your own nonsehold. Do
it with a policy in the Washington Life.
It is unreasonable to complain because
your clock stops It cannot get on without
a weight.
Thh Pn.VBR Ri't.B. Think all you can
of the good qualities of others, forget
and keep silent concerning their bad qual
ities. A candidate for Alderman in Chicago
ruined his reputation for sobriety by en
deavoring to step on a load of hay which
he mistook for a street car.
Thb Mutual Lifo Insurance Company,
of Chicago. Is a favorite with the Insuring
public. It is one of the few companies
which showed a good increase of business
during the past year. i.
A went man asked a poor person if he
had any idea of the advantages arising
from riches. I beliove they give a rogue
an advantage over an honest man," was
the answer.
EvRriY year so it is estimated the
United StAtes sendB 40,000 of her citizens
to visit Europe. They spend there the
pretty little sunt of $120,000,000, says an
English Journal.
Littlb BiuonT-Evss Father, I have
got three tongues, hain't If Father
No, dear; yon have only one. Little
Bright-Eyes Yes, I have. Father Well,
where are theyf Little Bright-Eyes-One
in my head, and two in my shoes.
E. D. Barer, forrnfriy editor of the
Sandy Hill (N. Y.) Herald, publishes the
statement that he was permanently cured
of asthma of many years' standing by the
use of eqml parts of pulverized saltpeter
and sugar burned in his room.
Present and Abbbnt. Good morn
ing, Patrick you have got a new coat at
Inst, but it seems to fit you rather 'too
murk.' Och I there's nothing surprising
in that sure, I wasn't there when I was
measured for it."
A i.ettiir from Bonn tells a story of a
German General who, on inspecting his
troops, not long ago, andressed them thus
"Now, my children, we can once more get
seriously to work. The pastime of war is
at an end, and drill must go on regularly
as heretofore."
Not many ministers now-a-days possess
tho wonderful eloquence in reading
hymns that Dr. Nettleton dii. It is said
that on one rccasion he commenced read
ing the familiar hymn, "Behold a stranger
at the door 1" and, as with a sudden, unac
countable impulse, the whole congrega
tion turned their heads to look.
After a careful investigation of the al
leged brutal whipping of a boy in school
in one of the interior towns of Massachu
setts, the School Committee reported that
the punishment was not actuated by mal
ice, but occasioned by an "undue appreci
ation of the thickness of the boy's panta
loons." The Court of Appeals of Kentucky has
decided that, if the nuBband, in consider
ation of the wife's promise "to restrain
her temper and reform her conduct,"
deeds her certain property, he is held to a
strict performance of the contract even if
she subsequently lectures him all night
and pulls his hair out in the morning.
The cheerful parishioners of Rev. Dr.
Todd, of Pittsflcld, Mass., made him a
present of a cemetery lot the other day.
The presentation speeches were very
affecting. The spokesman of the donors
said he hoped their beloved pastor would
find the gift a useful one, ana the parson
tearfully allowed that he probably would
if he staid much longer in that region.
Never did Handel receive a more
natural and pleasant tribute to his power
and skill tban when, on one occasion, he
undertook to play the out voluntary in a
crowded church. The organ waa a fine
one. Entranced by the music, the con
gregation sat as if spell-bound not a per
son moved. Suddenly the usual organist
came forward and took his seat, saying,
with an air of superiority, You cannot
dismiss a congregation. See how soon I
can disperse them 1"
An educated Brahmin of Hindoostan
read with deep interest sundry articles on
women, which were published in the Lon
don Saturday lievuw. Interpreting the
language literally, he mistook the cvnical
views of English society and highly-colored
representations of English customs
as statements of facts. The Review spoke
of the sale of Belgravian daughters, and
reported the condition of the marriage
market. So the Brahmin, desirous to fol
low the customs of enlightened England,
actually sold one of his daughters at auc
tion for forty-five pounds sterling.
A schoolmistress was lately brought
before a police magistrate in London,
charged with biting one of her pupils.
Upon being asked what she had to say in
defense, she stated that it was quite true
that she had bitten him, but he had first
bitten another scholar younger than him
self, and, acting npon the old principle of
"an eye for an eye, and a tooth for
a tooth," she had thought it only
right and proper to inflict the same tor
ture upon him which he had inflicted
upon his companion. The magistrate, in
stead of biting the schoolmistress, fined
her forty shillings and costs.
Airino Beds in thb Morntno. There
is too little attention paid to this impor
tant requisite of health. The wise house
keepers should see to it that all the beds
should be aired immediately after being
occupied. The impurities which emanate
from the human body from insensible per
spirvition are made up of minute atoms,
which, if allowed to remain lone, are ab
sorbed by the bud, and will then, to a
greater or less extent, vitiate the air tor a
considerable time afterward. Let the oc
cupant throw the bed open on rising, and
and as soon as is convenient open the
windows and ventilate sleeping room.
One hour's early ventilation is worth two
hours' late airing.
Very few people know how to super
scribe an envelope. A large proportion
of tho letters that get into the postofflce
are so directed that it is with great diffi
culty that they reach their destination.
The first thing the clerk seeks to know is
what State the letter is bound for next,
wluil tovm; next, wh'U person. So the
fiuhion ot address is changing, and the
style now coming into vogue, for its sim'
plicity and correctness, is the following
Chicago,
Illinois.
Jobn Petoraoa.
It is not necessary in all cases to send
letters to John Peterson, or even to Chi
cago the only imperative rule being to
set the town, whatever it is, first; the
State next; and the name or box last.
Reader, this is to be henceforth thefabhion
of letter superscripiin; let us see that wo
all conform to it. Chicago Port.
Tub many deaths from drowning re
sorded this season naturally direct atten
tion to the dangers to which bathers are
liable. A resident of one of the most fre
quented of English watering places, who
has had great experience in such matters,
is of opinion that the principal cause of
accidents while bathing is loss of nerve
from excited apprehension. A. swimmer
on bis return toward the shore is apt to
be startled by the slow progress which he
seems to make. He sees the waves rolling
past him, aud is often led to fear that he is
making no advance at all, or that he is
gradually being carried seaward. He be
gins to make his strokes too quickly, gets
tired and out of breath, and, to his txeited
apprehension, the shore appears to recede.
Bathers should know, however, that there
is an easy way for bather to assure him
seU of the progress he is making. An ob
j -ct close to the shore toward the right of
the point he is aiming at will seem to shift
to the right, as compared with a more dis
tant object seen in the same direction, and
an object seen to the left will appear to
shift to the left. Half a dozen steady
strokes will thus satisfy the swimmer that
he is approaching the shore, and effectual
ly quiet his apprehensions. He can then
urge his course shoreward without haste
or excitement.
A young lady student in the State
University of Missouri has gained tbe
Mint prize for Greek Kliolambip.