Volume XXVIII. No. 24.
THE PORT TOBACCO TIMES,
And Charles County Advertiser,
IS PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY
BY E. WELLS,
EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.
TERMS:
Two Dollnrs per Annum. Payable in ad
vance. s£.so If not In advance.
Communications,thccffectofwhich iato pro
mote private or individual in te rests, are matters
ofsharge.andaretobe paid for atthe rateof 50
Qenls pet square.
ADVERTISING RATES.— For plain matter,
one dollar per square for the first insertion.
For rule and figure matter, two dollars pot
square for the first insertion. For each insertion
after the first, fifty cents per square. Gigli lines
(or that space occupied) constitute a square.
If the number of insertions he not marked on
the advertisement, it will be published until
forbid, and charged accordingly. The privilege
of annualadvertisersextendsonly to their im
mediate business.
Ohi tuarics, tributes of respect, call supon per
sona. to become candidates, &c.,inserted as ad
vertisements, at the usual rates. Marriage
notices *25 cents.
Notice of Election.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN to the Judges
of Election and to the Voters of-Charles
County, that an Election will be held in the
atveral Election Districts of Charles County, at
the usual places of holding Elections,
On Tuesday after the Ist Monday, being
the 7th day of November, 1871,
for the purpose of electing
One person to be Governor of the State of
Maryland.
One person to be Comptroller of the Treasu
ry for the State of Maryland.
One person to be Attorney General for the
State of Maryland.
Also, at the same time will be elected
Two persons to represent Charles county in
the House of Delegates of Maryland.
One person to be State’s Attorney for Charles
county.
Three persons to be Judges of the Orphans’
Courf for Charles county.
Five persons to be County Commissioners for
Charles county.
One person to be Sheriff for Charles county.
One person to be County Surveyor for Charles
county.
The polls for said Election will be opened in
each and every Election District of said county,
at the usual places of holding the polls, at 9
o’clock a. m., and will close at G o’clock p. m.,
when the ballots shall be publicly counted.
JOHN R. MURRAY, Sheriff
of Charles county.
NOTICE
To Hotel Keepers and all others who deal
in Liqnorg.
FOR the information of all persons concern
ed, the following Act of the Legislature,
passed Mat'd! 24th, 1865, is published:
CHAPTER I*Jl,
AN ACT prohibiting the rale of spirituous or
fermented liquors in the several counties of the
State on the day of election
Section I. Beit enacted by the General Assem
bly of Maryland, That it shall not be lawful for
the keeper of any hotel, tavern, store, drinking
establishment, or any other place where liquors
are sold, or for any person or persons, directly
or indirectly, to sell, barter, give, or dispose of
any spirituous or fermented liquors, ale or beer,
or intoxicating drinks of any kind, on the days
of election hereaQer to be held in the several
counties of this State.
Sec. 2. And be it enacted. That any person vio
lating the provisions of this Act shall be liable
to indictment by the Grand Jury of the county
where the offence is committed, and shall, upon
conviction before any Judge of any of the Cir
cuit Courts of this State, be fined a sum not less
than fifty dollars nor more than one hundred
dollars for each and every offence—one-half the
fine shall be paid the informer, the other half to
the County Commissioners, for the use of public
roads. JOHN R‘. M URRAY, Sheriff
October 6, 1871-te of Charles county.
REGISTRATION NOTICE.
Election District No. I—Port Tobacco.
NOTICE is hereby given to all whom it may
concern, that in compliance with the Act of
Assembly of the State of Maryland, Chapter 459,
passed at January Session, 1870, the undersign
ed Officer of Registration f*r the First Election
Distiict of Charles County, duly appointed,
commissioned and qualified, will sit with open
doors at Port Tobacco, an
MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 23d and 24th
days of OCTOBER, 1871,
and will remain in session on each of-said days
fiom 9 o’clock, a in., until 6 o’clock, p. in., for
the purpose of correcting the books of registra
tion and published list of registered voters, as
required by the 11th section of said Act of As
sembly.
WILLIAM C. BRENT.
October 6,1871-3 w Register.
REGISTRATION NOTICE.
Election District No. 2—Hill-Top.
NOTICE is hereby given to all whom it may
concern, that in compliance with the Act of
Assembly of the State of Maryland, Chaptar4s9,
passed at the Januaiy Session, 1870, the under
signed Officer of Registration for the Second
Election District of Charles County, duly ap
pointed,.com missioned andqualified, will sit with
open doors at Hill Top, on
MONDAY, and TUESDAY, the 23d and 24th
days of OCTOBER, 1871,
and will remain in session on each of said days
from 9 o’clock, a. m., until 6 o’clock, p. m., for
the purpose of correcting the books of registra
tion and published list of registered voters, as
required by the 11th section of said Act of As
sembly.
JAMES A. FRANKLINJ
October 6,1871-3 w Register.
REGISTRATION NOTICE.
Election District No. 3—Nanjemoy.
NOTICE is hereby given to all whom it may
concern, that in compliance with the Act of
Assembly of theStateof Maryland, Chapter 459,
passed at January Session, 1870, the undersigned
Officer ol Registration for the Third Election
District of Charles County, duly appointed, com
missioned and qualified, will sit with open doors
at Cross-Roads, on
MONDAY, and TUESDAY, the 23d and 24th
days of OCTOBER, 1871.
and will remain in session on each of said days
from 9 o’clock, a. m., until 6 o’clock, p. in., for
the purpose of correcting the books ol registra
_
L^si -rrf f ,ioO
lion and published list of registered voters, as
required hy the lltli section of said Act of As
sembly.
GEORGE W. CARPENTER,
i October 6,1871-3 w Register.
REGISTRATION NOTICE.
Election District No. 4—Allen’s Fresh.
is hereby given to all whom it may
Ll concern, that in compliance with the Act of
Assembly of the.Statcof Maryland, Chapter4s9,
passed at January Session, 1870, the undersigned
i Officer of Registration for the Fourth Election
District of Charles County,duly appointed, com
missioned and qualified, will sit with open doors
at Newport, on
MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 23d and 241 h
days of OCTOBER, 1871,
and will remain in session on each of said clays
from 9 o’clock, a. m., until 6 o’clock, p. tn.,
for the purpose of correcting the books of regia*
I tration and the published lislof registered voters,
ns requited by the 11th section of said ActofAs
somhly.
JOHN H. FREEMAN,
October. 6,1 STT -3w Register.
REGISTRATION NOTICE
Election District No. s—Harris’ Lot.
NOTICE is hereby given to all whom it may
Conner n, that in compliance with the Act of
I Assembly of the State of Maryland, Chapter 459,
passed at January Session, 1870, the undersigned
I Officer of Registration for the Fifth Election Dis
[trictof Chatles County, duly appointed, com
missioned and qualified, will sit with open doors
at Hart is’ Lot, on
MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 23d and ?4th
days of OCTOBER, 1871,
and will remain in session on caclvof said days
from 9 o’clock, a. m., until 6 o’clock, p.
m., for the purpose of correcting the hooks of
registration and published list of registered vo
ters, as required by the 11th section of said Act
of Assembly.
CHARLES C. PERRY.
October 6,1871-3 w Register.
REGISTRATION NOTICE.
Election .District No. 6—Middletown.
NOTICE is hereby given t 6 all whom it may
concern, that in compliance with the Act
of Assembly of the State of Maryland, Chapter
459, passed at January Session, 1870, the under
signed Otficerof Registration for the Sixth Elec
tion District of Charles County, duly appointed,
commissioned and qualified, will sit with open
doors at Middletown, on
MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 23d and 24th
days of OCTOBER, 1871,
and will remain in session on each of said days
from 9 o’clock, a. m., until 6 o’clock, p. in.,
for the purpose of correcting the books of regis
tration and published list of registered voters,
as required by the 11th section of said Act of
Assembly.
MARCELLUS
October 6, J^Hpkcgister.
REGISTRATION NOTICE.
Election District No. 7—Pomonkey.
NOTICE is hereby given to all whom it may
concern, that in compliance with the Act
of Assembly of the State of Maryland, Chapter
459, passed at January Session,.lß7o, the under
signed Officer of Registration for the Seventh
Election District of Charles County, duly ap
pointed, commissioned and qualified, will sit
with open doors at his residence, on
MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 23d and 24th
days of OCTOBER, 1871,
and will rqmain in session on each of said
days from 9 o’clock, a. m., until 6 o’clock, p.
m., for the purpose of correcting the books of
registration and the published list of registered
voters as required by the 11th section of said
Act of Assembly,
HENRY M HANNON,
October 6,1871-3 w Register.
REGISTRATION NOTICE.
Election District No. B—Bryantown.
NOTICE is hereby given to all whom it may
concern, that in compliance with the Actof
Assembly of the State of Mary land, Cbapter-459,
passed Januaiy Session, 1870, the undersigned
Otficerof Registration for the Eighth Election
Districtof Charles County,duly appointed,com
missioned and qualified, will sit with open doors
at on
MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 23d and 24th
days of OCTOBER, 1871,
and will remain in session on each of said
days from 9 o’clock, a. m., until 6 o’clock,
p. in., for the pur pose of correcting the books of
registration and published list of registered vo
ters, as required by the 11th section of said Act
of Assembly.
TOWNLEY ROBEY.
October 6,1871-3 w Register.
REGISTRATION NOTICE.
Election District No. 9—Patuxent City.
NOTICE is hereby given to all whom it may
concern, that in compliance with the Act of
Assembly of theStateof Maryland,Chapter 459,
passed at January Session, 1870,the undersigned
Officer of Registration for the Ninth Election
District of Charles County, duly appointed, com
missioned and qualified, will sit with open doors
at Patuxent City, on
MONDAY and TUESDAY, the 23d and 24th
days of OCTOBER, 1871,
and will remain in session on each of said
days from 9 o'clock, a. m., until 6 o’clock,
p. in., for the purpose of correcting the books of
registration and published list of registered vo
ters as required by the lltb section of said Act
of Assembly
RUFUS ROBEY,
October 6,1871-3 w Register.
A Card.
HAYING closed out the greater portion of
those wet and soiled Goods. I afii now
preparing for the fall trade and have already
received large additions to my stock of such
Goods as are suited to the present and approach
ing season. My large trade with the people of
Charles and Prince George’s counties enables
me to furnish Goods with special reference to
those markets. The cash system enables me
1 to buy much lower, and I am not now com
pelled to sell my Goods so high as to the
cash buyers pay enough to protect me from the
losses sustained from those Goods sold on
credit. Everything is now strictly on the cash
basis, thus saving largely to my customers.
ROBERT L. WOOD,
No. 62 King street, Alexandria, Va.
aug 25
2 AGON—Middling and Shoulder Bacon lor
j Jl) sale at LACEY’S.
AND CHARLES COUNTY ADVERTISER.
PORT TOBACCO, MARYLAND., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20,1871.
WITHER SLAYHAKER,
75 and 77 King Street, Corner of Royal,
Alexandria, Va.,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN
<300133,
CARPETINGS, OIL CLOTHS, &c..
Have Just Returned from the Market with a
very large stock of
FALL GOODS,\
And would invite particular attention to their
DRESS GOODS, embracing all desirable styles
in Velours, Poplins, Reps, Serges, Alpacas,
Plaids, kc.
MOURNING DEPARTMENT.
Double Warp Alpacas, Reps, Australian
Crepe, Mouslins, Crepe Veils and Collars, Eng
lish Crepes, Shawls and almost everything in
this line that can be called for.
GENTLEMEN’S DEPARTMENT.
Cloths and Cassimeres of every variety. We
arc prepared to furnish business and dress suits,
made and trimmed in the best manner, guaran
teeing Satisfaction. Gents’ and Boys’ Shirts
furnished by measure, of the best materials, and
fit guaranteed.
CARPET ROOMS.
English and Domestic Carpets of all kinds,
Oil Cloths of all widths, cut to fit any room or
passage without extra charge. Rattan, Cocoa
and Chinese Matting.
As we buy almost all imported goods direct
of the importers and domestic goods from Fac
tories, or of their agents, we are prepared to
sell all goods in our liue as cheap as they can
be bought.
sent on application. Orders to
the amount of S2O and over, accompanied with
the cash, or sent C. 0. D., will be forwarded
freight paid.
SALESMEN:
A. H. Rlaymaker, H. C. Slaymaker, J. Marion
Hart, W. D. Wood, G. C. Witmer, Alexan
dria Eli Janney, R. P. Janney, Loundon, Va.:
A. H. Morehead, Fauquier, Va.; W. Ludwell
Baldwin, Winchester, Va., and J. Adams
Speake, Charles county, Md. [sep 22
FALL, 1871.
GEO. C. HENNING,
No. 410, 7th Street,
Washington, D. C.,
CLOTHIER,
DRAPER, TAILOR,
AND DEALER IN
BELONGINGS,
Offers to purchasers a greater variety of goods
than heretofore, most of which are either made
by bis own workmen or made specially to or
der for him, and customers may always rely
upon getting the best articles at the very low
est prices and will be charged but
One Price,
from which the salesmen are not permitted to
deviate for any one.
SACK OVERCOATS, FROCK OVERCOATS,
WING OVERCOATS, CAPES &c.
BLACK FROCK COATS,
BLUE FROCK COATS,
Green and other Colors, and VESTS to match.
SACK, DERBY and BOX COATS, SILK,
CLOTH and CASSIMERE VESTS, BUSI
NESS and DRESS SUITS, &c.
jJSY-Will show the largest assortment of
handsome PANTALOONS, home manufacture,
ever shown in Washington,
RUBBER CLOTHING,
BUCKSKIN and CLOTH GLOVES,
FINE NECKWEAR and HOSIERY,
UNDERSHIRTS and DRAWERS,
FINE CLOTHS, CASSiMERES,
DOESKINS, VESTINGS, &c., by
the yard or pattern.
Garments made to order in the best Style.
Agency .of the
DAVIS VERTICAL FEED
SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINE,
The largest, the simplest, the best.
Descriptive Circulars of this machine sent to.
any address.
ONLY ONE PRICE.
GEORGE oThENNING,
410 Seventh Street, N. W.,
Washington, D. C.
Sept. 15-3 m.
TO TOBACCO PLANTERS.
OUR experience in the successful manufac
ture of TOBACCO FERTILIZERS, espe
cially adapted to the growth of Tobacco, has
irifiuced us to present to Tobacco Planters the
FLANKERS’ TOBACCO FERTILIZER,
at S6O per ton 2,000 lbs., and the PLANTERS’
AMMONIATED SOLUBLE PHOSPHATE, at
$55 per ton of 2,000 lbs.
LORENTZ RITTLER,
Manufacturing Chemists.
DYER, HILL CO., Grocers and Tobacco
Commission Merchants, 49 Light Street, Balti- j
more, Sole Agents. Circulars and full parti- 1
culars given upon application,
may 12-ly
r I TOBACCO—A prime lot of Smoking and
X Chewing Tobacco, and also a choice ar-1
tide of Cigars, for sale at LACEY'S.
glisrdlany.
THE STRICKEN CITY.
A correspondent of the St. Louis Re
publican writes from Chicago a very
graphic and detailed account of the great
calamity. We extract the following as
among the most horrible of the scenes
m 0
which he depicts:
THE GUOULS AMONG THE RUINS.
No sooner was the extent of the disas
ter known abroad than the ghouls of the
race, who ever haunt scenes of disaster
and misfortune, began to gather. Thieves
mingled with the great stricken multitude,
and busily plied their vocation, even in
that dire hour of calamity. Villians seiz
ed upon the fleeing inhabitants as they
came from their blazing houses, and en
deavored to take what little remained to
them saved from the general wreck.—
Hackmcn and express drivers and car men
seemed to have lost all conscience, and
charged fabulous sums for conveying a
load from the scene of destruction to a
safe distance. Men who had large sums
of money, endeavoring to convey it away
to places of safety, were beset by thieves
even in the street, in the garish light of
their consuming houses, and robbed of
their remaining all.
One instance is known of a hackman
exacting from a distracted husband $250
to convey his invalid wife from his burn
ing home to a place of safety. Twenty
five dollars was regarded as a very mode
rate charge for an express wagon to take
a load ten squares; SSO and SIOO were
frequently demanded and paid for the use
of a wagon and team of two horses for
half an hour. It seemed that half the
people of this class had turned out to be
thieves and robbers of the most dangerous
character. Instances are known in which
hack men agreed to convey ladies from the
region of disaster to a place of safety, and
when a little way from the crowds delib
erately robbed them of their jewelry and
whatever valuables they might have about
them, and them out of their
cabs to take care of themselves.
When the fire was rngin&along
Clark and State sweeping
onward towards Ran
doln’i.
tncivurrhouses
effort made to valuable
goods. The harvest began
at tliis time. The police had lost control.
Those intent on profiting by the fire now
went in with great zest. They loaded
themselves with the richest goods, and
sought a place of concealment. A bank
er had a cash box in his hand containing
$50,000, which he was endeavoring to
convey away. Three desperadoes seized
upon him with the intention of robbing
him. To prevent it he threw the box
with its valiiable contents into the fire,
rather than yield it to these ghouls of dis
astrous fate.
THE STARVING MULTITUDE.
Monday morning broke with the fire
fiend still sweeping onward in its devastat
ing course through tjie North division.—
The g„reat buildings, such as Farwell’s,
Field, Loiter Co.’s store. Crosby’s opera
house, the Court House, Tremont House,
Sherman House. Postofiice, Exchange,
McVickcr’s, Tribune building, and the
great blocks around Custom House Place
on the South side, still blazed up fiercely,
when kindled into fury by the fitful gusts
of wind. The smoke-cloud still hung
over the devastated district.
All night the houseless people, filled
with anxiety, and frequently startled by
fresh alarms, had watched the sublime
and awful conflagration as it hurried for
ward to fresh conquests over the proudest
works of man.
Many in the vast throng of anxious
spectators of the awful scene had been
startled by the first alarm, and left their
homes supperless; but the night passed
and the day came again, bringing no pros
pects of breakfast. The sun mounted to
ward the zenith, and yet the gnawings of
hunger were not appeased. The scene
became pitiable in the extreme. Thou
sands of ch’ldren, who had never known
what it was to want even for the luxuries
cf life, now piteously cried for bread they
could not get. Men with haggard look
and blood-shot eyes, wearied by exertion
and anxious care, unrefreshed by slumbef.
or food, moved about with a listless.air,
and, if spoken to, frequently returned for
an answer a vacant and meaningless stare,
as if reason and the power of utterance
had vanished together.
The day wore slowly away, and still
thousands had taken no food. The cries
of the children became more boisterous
women wept, and even strong men bowed
in unutterable agony.
The wind blew clouds of dust, ashes
and smoke into their very faces, and en
veloped and covered them up, until they
scarcely wore the semblance of human
beings. Nothing I ever saw, nothing I
ever read about, nothing the imagination
[ever conjured up, ever presented to my
imind so terrible a picture of human woe
I as the scene witnessed by the lakeside on
j that terrible evening. There rolled up
'the dark, portentous clouds'of smoke,
mingled with the red tongues of flame,
i mounting high up into the heavens, told
of a devastated and ruined city. Here
were the inhabitants, hurried out into the
street almost without warning; away from
their homes, destitute of everything that
could minister to their comfort; crying
for bread, wearied by watching, and awe
stricken by the extent of their misfortunes.
It was altogether such a scene as the
world has seldom witnessed.
The red sun went down behind the
smoke-cloud. The mantle of night un
rolled over the ruffled waters of the lake.
The lurid fire-light of the still burning
city cast a great glare over the scene.—
But never in the history of man has a day
closed so sadly with so many hundreds of
of thousands of people watching by the
smouldering ruins of their homes. Never
before has night fallen on ruins so vast,
so suddenly made.
The Late Terrible Fires.
The terrible fires which have destroyed
Chicago and swept away farms, barns,
stock and villages over an area of 3,000
square miles west of the Mississippi, are a
national calamity, and touch the tcoderest
chords of the national heart. It is to be
hoped that a common sorrow will soften
the asperities of sectional feeling, and
reach even such men as Glorge William
Curtis and Thomas Nast, and such papers
as Harper's Weekly whose mission has
been to abuse (undoubtedly) great talen's,
for the purpose of exciting hatred, instead
of brotherly love, between the North and
the South.
In the South, except New Orleans,
there were no such large cities as Chica
go; but Atlanta, Columbia, Rome, Mari
etta, the University of Alabama, the farms,
barns, stock and villages, burned by order
of Gen. Sherman, present, in the aggre
gate, a picture as appalling as Chicago,
involving in its distress and misery, per
haps, even a greater number of innocent
and helpless women and children.
In his Great March to the Sea," Maj.
Nicholls, Aid-de-Camp to Gen. Sherman,
says, on page 37: “Novemberl3.—Be
hind us we leave a track of smoke and
flame. Half of Marietta was burned op;
for the command is that proper details
shall be made to destroy all property which
can ever be of use to the rebel armies.
Dwelling bouses are levelled to the
ground. Yesterday, as somfe of
irte'-uiha were.marching toward* Cfajfhta-
TvOocbie river, they saw in the distance
pillars of smoko rising along its banks.
The bridges were in flames. Said one',
hitching his musket on his shoulder, in a
free and easy way: ‘I say, Charley, I be
lieve Sherman has set the river on fire.’”
On page 38, “Atlanta is entirely de
serted by human beings, excepting a few
soldiers here and there. The houses are
vacant; there is no trade or traffic of any
kind; the streets are empty. Beautiful
roses bloom in the gardens of fine houses,
but a* terrible stillness and solitude covers
all, depressing the hearts even of those
who are glad to destroy it. In the peace
ful homes of the North there can be no
conception how these people have suffered
for their crimes.”
Atlanta, night of the 15th November.
A grand and awful spectacle is presented
to the beholder in this beautiful city, now
in flames. By order, the chief engineer
has destroyed by powder and fire all the
store houses, depot buildings and machine
shops. The heaven is one expanse of lu
rid fire, the air is filled with flying, vburn
ing cinders; buildings covering two hun
dred acres are in ruins or in flames. Ev
ery instant there is the sharp detonation
or the smothered booming sound of ex
ploding shells and powder, concealed in
the buildings; and then the sparks and 1
flames shoot away up into the black and
red roof, scattering cinders far and wide.”
Now that all deplore these national car
lamities—one directed by bitter hatred,
the other by the hand of God—is it not a
fitting time to smother the fires of hatred
which are ignited and kept alive by Rad
ical oppression of the South Let the
voice of the people be heard, let the sheen
of the bayonet and glimmer of the sabre
be no longer seen in the land; and the
whole people will demand a constitutional
government, securing prosperity and hap
piness—Evening Journal
£r#*The last joke at the expense of the
Freqch Society for the Protection of Ani
mals is to the following effect: A coun
tryman, armed with an immense club, pre
sents himself before the President of the
Society and claims the first prize. He is
asked to describe the act of humanity on
which he founds his claim. “I saved the
life of a wolf,” replied the countryman,
“I might easily have killed him with this
bludgeonand he swings his weapon to
the air, to the intense discomfort of the
President. “But where was the wolf?”
inquired the latter; “what had he done to
you?” “He had just devoured my wife,”
is the reply. The President reflects an
instant and then says: “My friend, I am
of the opinion that you have been suffici
ently rewarded.”
RSTA. minister overtook a Quaker lady
and politely assisted her in opening a gate.
\As she was a comparative stranger in j
town, be said: “You don’t know, per-j
haps, I am Mr. Haven’t you
heard mo preach?” “I have heard thee 1
try,” was her quick and witty rejoinder.
Mistakes in the Use of Concentrated
Mistakes in the Use of Concentrated
Fertilizers.
The cause of failure in the use of con
centrated fertilizers is often doe to the
manner in which they are applied. It is
difficult for those who have been accus
tomed to use bulky manures to realize that
the full fertilizing potency of a bushel of
animal excrement that may be held in a
large tablespoon, and that a handful of one
adds to plant structures as decidedly as
several shovelsful of the other. A full
dose of opium given to patients furnishes
quite a dark,, balky powder, or pill; but
if we separate the alkaloidal principle,
upon which its hypnotic power depends,
we have only a little delicate white pow
der which a breath of wind will blow a
way. The J grain poyvder will affect the
human organism as powerfully as ten times
the weight of opium. If we are so for
getful of “potencies” as to administer as
much, or even one-quarter as much, of
the white concentrated powder as the
bulky dark one, we should destroy oar
patient’s life, ,or at least do great injury
to his health. So, if in the use of genu
ine superphosphate, or guano, or ground
bones and ashes, we forget their power,
and apply too much, or apply them too
directly, we endanger the life of our plants.
An experiment made upon co s furn
ishes an illustrative case in point. jAt the
time of planting upo*!! a field diviffccl by a
narrow strip of sward land, we directed
that on one side a tablespoonful of the
mixed bone and ashes should be placed in
each bill, and well covered with the soil;
upon the other, four rows were to be treat
ed similarly, and upon the remainder, the
bills should receive a double quantity.—
It is curious to observe the effects. The
first field and four rows are remarkably
thrifty. The corn came op well, and has
manifested remarkable vigor from the start.
On the other hand, the over-dosed corn
appeared for a long while as if paralyzed
by some wasting disease. It could not
bear up under so much of a good thing.
More free ammonia was formed at the
start than could be appropriated by the
tender plants, and many of them perished
from over-stimulation and beat produced
by the fermentative changes of the active
bodjes in contact. The corn that surviv
ed is at present growing finelv, and will
no doubt afford a large yield
i Now, if this had happened in the course
of our regular agricultural labors, tMd*
with any understanding of the nature of
the fertilizing substance used, it'is proba
ble it would have been as a
worthless article. This has been the case
with hundreds of experiments, and it is
indeed a perfectly natural conclusion to
reach. But we must learn to reason,
learn to have patience, learn the character
of the substances we employ upon our
lands. We must be careful how we reach
a conclusion we must examine closely to
see if they are based upon correct grounds.
There are well-established principles in
agriculture; let us cling to them,, and
when we get results that are puzzling or
paradoxical, we must study causes, aud
not judge hastily. —Journal of Chemistry
Fanning in Southern Maryland.
Eds. Country Gentleman —Your cor
respondent, Jno. H. Dent, p. 436, con
siders the trouble with southern farmers,
too much laud and too shallow plowing;
but I wish to ask him, is it not quite as
much, too little stock? The description
of Georgia practice in his article is quite
as applicable here in Southern Maryland,
within 60 miles of the great city of Balti
more, where the old residents confine their
attention to tobacco, corn and wheat,
keeping only their teams, a very few cows
and even fewer sheep, and letting them
suffer every winter for want of the hay
which was never cut, as they considered
it little short of ruin to stock with grass
A northern farmer asked one—•“ Will
clover grow here at all?” “indeed it
will if you let it,” said he. “I’ve spent
my life fighting it, and too many have
succeeded, bringing their land to the con
dition of ‘old fields’ which they will sell
even as low as $5 per acre, while batter
is quoted in Baltimore markets as New
York for the highest prices, and fat lambs,
veal, beef, &c., are almost unobtainable.”
It seems to mo that one necessary to
the reconstruction of farming in these
southern counties, is to change all this—
is not only to plow deeper and cultivate
better, but to keep all the stock the farm
er can feed well; depend .upon their pro
ducts for sales, instead of selling the crops
directly off the lands.
The climate here is so mild, that the
English system of sheep feeding which
involves extensive turnip culture; might
be easily adopted, while the greater dry
ness of the air and soil conduces to much
greater hardiness of constitution in the
flocks. Experiments have been tried ou
rather a large scale, which go to show
that the turnip does as well here as io
England, and that it can be fed in the
field nearly the whole winter, aud there
seems no reason why it cannot be made
the means of as great improvement here
as it has been there. B. F. H.
S3T A condensed “philosophy of farm
ing.” Feed your laud before it is hungry;
rest it before it is weary; and weed it be
fore it is foul.
Terms: $2, in advance
Terrible Death of a Father and Sgn.
A Chicago correspondent of the Efart
ford Courant famishes the following:
Chicago has recently witnessed a Rouble
suicide, of a character particularly painful
and shocking. Its details have been ex*
eluded from our local papers* but 1 see
no reasqp why its moral should be lost
abroad. Dr.- was one of the most
conscientious, wealthy and trusted pbysi
cians of Chicago. He was an Alderman
also, and a member of the Boatd of Edu
cation—a man of much power and consi
derable culture, but, like some other per
sons, be bad fallen a victim to the cup.
His practice did not perceptibly diminish
on that account, for there is a prevalent
superstition that great success in medicine
is incompatible with temperate
and habits. The doctor’s father was a
man of similar temperament, and a “free
liver” also. He too was a citizen of promi
nence, and had held several places of trust.
Three weeks ago father and son went
deliberately forth “on a spree.” They
wallowed together in drunkenness. They*
deserted their homes for the season of dis
sipation, and lodged among the unclean.
At the end ot a week the father’s endue*
ance was exhausted, and he sunk dowft?
upon the street and was taken home with,,
delirium tremens. He lingered two
suffering all the torments of perdition,
and died a horrible death, bis son being
dragged in from the street long enough
to*take a drunken look at the coma. Last
week the son’s better constitution
way, and be, too, was taken home, orwiHft*
with whiskey. He lingered, longer, bug"
the liquid fire burned its way to.his vitali,
and. after raving through the terrible
nights, and crying for more, he fipatyy;
died in the midst of imaginary
and his-body was laid, by the side of the
fresh mound of his father. This double
suicide, so rapid and terrible, by two
respectable men, baa. QGB%u
ted a profound sensation in all circles
where the facts are known.
Glymont.
Along the whole Potomac front there
is no richer, or more charming spot than
Glymont. binding through a beautiful
valley, ov'erhhng with grand trees, tltoT
roadway rfeei from the water’s edge
magnificent plateau nearly two hun<hwl
fooe.show ;iLw>i*wv eoaiwudif
view unsurpassed in beauty and magnifi
cence. Here is the residence of our friend**
Captain Leonard Marbury, embowered ia
fruit trees aud surrounded with rare and
beautiful flowers, the evidences of his
fined and gentle taste. Captain Marbury
is now nearly eighty, but bale and hear
ty, and his mind clear and strong, as
when he proudly trod the deck of his
favorite ship on the seas. He was for
thirty years a companion of old
and recounts now tales of the stormy set
with zest. He is one of the most remade-::
able and noteworthy men .we have
met. He was a sturdy Unionist
the war. He uses neither liquors of any
kind nor tobacco; reads aud follows Howe
Journal of Health, and an enlightened
experience, and enjoys very good health.
His fine estate was somewhat ran down*
daring the war, but is still very beautiful.
It abounds in valuable beds of marl, easi
ly made available both for bis own fields
and for shipment. Fine springs of puite,
healthful water gush out of the banks;—
One of these not far from the river would
furnish a supply of water sufficient to ran
the boilers Of a 200 horse-power engine
for a mill or factory. We wish a bright
future to Glymont, and long life and.
prosperity to its noble and hospitable
proprietor.— Editor Va. State Journrl,
How to Keep Cider.
Mr. G. Williams, in the Journal of the.
Farm, gives the following on cider keep
ing:
I am aware that there are as many re
cipes for keeping cider as for curing colds'
pr rheumatism. Some of them doubtless'
are good, but most of them are worthless.* 1
Here is one which I have found toanstiesr
the purpose admirably, and as your read
ers will observe, is a very simple one,
I allow the cider, after it comes from
the press, to stand until thepumice settles.
When this point is reached, 1 put it io a
clear vessel, and let it come to a bdl.
skimming off the scum carefully. It is*
then put into kegs or demijohns, and
tightly eerked and sealed. By this pro-,
cess 1 have excellent sweet cider, not
merely for the entire winter, but for years*
This method would not of course be-ava3*
able where large quantities are made* but
for an ordinary family it admir
ably.
While the vender of greens in Bos
ton was endeavoring to dispose of his stook
in trade, bis poor old nag balked and re
fused to i>udge an inch. The driver fin
ally commenced belaboring the animal with
a stick, when an old lady thrust her head,
out of a window and exclaimed, “Have
you no mercy “No, ma’am," replied
the pedler, “nothing but greens.”
Never do a good action from the
expectation of gratitude. If gratitude
follow so much I he better, yon are eo much
into pocket; bat gratitude or not, always,
do the good motion whan the opportunity;
presents itself.