THE W _ I
_._• _OFFICIAL ORQAJT _
VOL. VH1. A. G CAMbTtOK. {gR^l^SaS"* CHICAOty_ TEHW3,_ NQ- u
NEWS OF THE WEEK
Tu* tieorjpM legislature wauls Cimgresa to
give $10,y0ft,UUt) for the building of a ship
canal through their State fnun the Mississippi
to the Atlantic
Th* New Mexican crop* having failed
badly, have left about S,OUU or V.chhi helpless
Navajo Indians de|*«tidcnt up* hi the tlovem
UMOt for something lo eat. The Secretary
of the interior therefore recommends an up
proprialtou of $S.i,OHU for their relief.
Th* uproar in tin Spanish government ha*
resulted at last in a new Miuistry to succeed
that of Maicaiupo, which felt compelled to
resign The latest Cabinet w> headed by
Sagosla as Preaideut of the Council and Min
ister of the Interior.
A Sot th America* earthquake, .line hours
long, has destroyed Oran with 4U different
shocks, and killed one persou. Every house
wan ruined, the street* gaped wide, and the
inhabitants camped out away from the town.
The province of Juquay w as also shakeu, and
a ne~' volcano has burst Into existence ill the
Audes.
Bisuot' OSMAN C. Bahek, of the Methodist
Church, died at Coucord, N. H., ou the Jdth,
at the age of AM.—On Friday, Daniel D. Drift*
eoll, a well-known Chicago lawyer, died of
heart disease.—The venerable Sidney K.
Morae, a brother of the inventor of tele
graphy, died on Saturday morning.—Edward
Law, Earl of Ellcnoroiigh aud formerly bov
truer Central of India, died oil Thursday
night of last week.
To* little Dutch island of Cnrnroa is tom I
by faction. The Governor disliked the At* I
torney General and arrested him. Whereon
i he people arose, the troops were calleu out,
the crowd wajVlired upon, aud one uiau was
killed aud IV were wounded. In ban Doiniu
go,Biuvaud 1 abral are fightiuguow and then,
to the present disadvantage of the latter,w ho
was t*»aten lately at Nieha. In Venezuela
ala, there Is an insurrection. it appears, hut
•i,uuu men uuder Blauco are eoiupelling the
revolutionist** to retire, and the revolutionist
are getting ready for a •‘final struggle."
Tax Secretary of the Treasury calls in the
follow ing 5-2V bonds, known as the secoud
aeries of February 25, l*»i8, the interest on
which ceases on the 25th of March next
Coupon, second scries, #50 from No. 5,401 to
No. 10,775, lioth inclusive #100 from No.
13,0M to No. 25,OC14, both inclusive f *5U)
from No. 7,Vd5 to 1*1,17V, both inclusive
$l,UU0 from No. 11,121 to No. 27,448, both in
clusive. Total, #1*1,000,0110. Registered
bonds—#5o from No. ft* to No. *40. both in
elusive #100 from No. 5,ON) to No. 5,W1,
both inclusive $900 from No. 2,4*4 to No.
2,V6H, both Iwrlwhe; $l,0tk) from No. II.UOV
to No. 18,150, both Inclusive $5,000 from No.
3,408 to No. 4,102, both Inclusive *10,000
from No. 8,V0o to No. 4,724, both inclusive.
Grand total, #20,000,000.
Tbb Contuient in general appear* to be com
paratively quiet. Thiers has decreed the dis
solution of the Council of Algiers, and bus
graciously received a deputation of French
Protestants. go far. the Communist trials
have resulted in the conviction of 14,87* |*-r
sons, and the discharge of 12,85*1. Bismarck
is becumiug roused at the outrages perpet ra
ted upon German soldiers by France, and
threatens to double the army of occupation,
thereby increasing the treuiemloiis expense
to the French. The Czar of Russia has issued
fA~ a ukase making the nse of the Kiiasian lan
guage compulsory in Polish schools, and
fixing the rate of conscription fo the army at
six men in every thousand. The Ameriran
Legation in London notifies American riti
tens wishiug to travel on the outineiit that
it is desirable to procure passports therefor.
Alexis waa somewhat pitched shout liy s
railway accident at Brockvillr. Canada, but
waa Dai at all hurt. On Hie J-Jd be reached
Niagara Falla, clawed the new suspension
bridge and put up at the Spencer House.
Then lie went to Buffalo and was welcomed
by Millard Fillmore. On Sunday evening lie
attended a great choral festival at the North
Presbyterian Church, and heard non children
sing. On Christmas day he looked over llu
town and visited Fort Porter,and on the 3Kth
he presented Parepa-Koan with a costly
bracelet, as a alight token of the pleasnre de
rived by imperial highness from her Christmas
operatic performance. On t he afternoon of
the Itth he reached Cleveland, where he was
serenaded in the evening. He is expected to
bn in Detroit ou the :18th, at Chicago on the
doth, at Milwaukee during the :id of January
and in St. Louis on the 5tli of tlu- same
month.
A new Ontario Ministry has succeeded
that which wna destroyed last week by a vote
of want of confidence on the part of the
Parliament and people. consists of Blake,
President of the Council, but without a port
folio McKenzie. Treasurer; Crooks, At
totuey-General McKellar, Commissioner of
Crown Lands Grow, Provincial Secretsry.
Mr. Blake "rose to explain” the policy of
the new Ministry in the legislature on the
iCM. According to hia exposition that policy
tends to the future independence and suprem
acy of the Provincial Parliament. The public
funds, especially, are to be under Its control,
and Ontario la not to meddle with the affairs
either of the DunMoo, or sf any sister Prov
tore, unless Ms rights are iafriaged upon.
Gov. scon’s impeachment is a failure. It
WM founded, as lisa already been shown,
upon Supposed financial irregularities, which
seem to have been over-stated At any rate,
Scott has so many friends in the South Car
olina Legislature that their opponents dared
not risk a vote on thr Impeachment resolu
tion, and somehow managed to block it, not
wtthatandtng the vigorous efforts of Scott’s
supporters to bring the question to a division.
Thereupon, the Coventor, is aader to prevent
further postponement, sent a message and a
proclamation convening the Assembly in ex
traordinary session for noon of the Sid. A
motion to (trike out the resolving clause of
the iiupeachtueut resolution was then brought
up, tiiui finally carried by *13 to iW the Gov
ernor revoked his special session proclama
tion, and the Legislature adjourned till the
t i ming Mh of January. But the Legislative
Joint Investigating Committee has decided
that the State government Is responsible for
shocking corruption and fraud in the finances,
and that the Republican party la responsible
for the government, and should subject it to
proper discipline.
Kikes reported during the past week have
consumed or injured more than $4TiO,000
worth of property
December 31. Dwelling-house on Wood street,
eland lost* $5,000. Hole A ('a’» engine and
innrMne works nr Duqnestte, Pa. loss $50,000.
The hotel* and moat of the business part uf the
town of l’lcasantville, Pa.; Are lasted about two
liour* and leaves 40 famdiet* houseless. Squire
Sedan's house at Riverside, Ohio; loss $7,600.
December 33. Beaver. Miller A Co.’s planing
iniii, Crane A chair factory, some bams and a
dwelling-house at Fort Way ne, Iud. loss $96,606.
Mall. express and tmggagecar at ^belht vlffe rad
J. N. Him* A Co. V. and B. F. Session A Lewi* dry
gjHKls store at Biugkampion. N V loss $44.(160.
Whiting works or John Pettit A Co., at Phila
delphia loss $35.(100. Henry B. Kirk's house at
M«>rrisaiiiH. N. Y. los- $33,000. Dwelling-house
owned by c M. Bridgman at Jackson, Mich. loss
f l.nlO. English A Co.'s oii-cloth factory, Camden,
N J. loss $30,000.
December Hi. Bock A Schneider's match factory
and W. Ku|irv*cht smoke house in New York city
loss on former $30.000: on latter $11,000. Hole! at
Aurora, 111.; loss $15.(110; several severely injured.
Jtihu P. Clark's residence. Detroit, Mich. loss
$3,000.
Dccemlter 24. Livery stable, harness and saddlery
store, drug shops, two groceries, two saloons an<l
billiard rooms, hardware store, Wells A Fargo's ex
pres* office, and t*ci* A tVs bank, Leaveu worth,
kas loss from $t>o.000 to $75.0U0
I Hi ember 35. Soktien* Home at Kingstow n. Did.,
Peudiug's gmccry -tore. Cincinnati, loss $5,000.
Four spires and slock of Areworks. Macon. (4a.
loss $00,000. C. A. Wood's residence. Wheatland.
Pa.: loss $35,000: two servant girls burned to
death.
Dtvember 3b. Cosmopolitan wells at Scrub Grass.
Pa six men. including Bntsford. an owner,
ts-verel* burned.
Two or three serious railroad accidents
have been repoyted during the past week. On
I he JUt li a broken ruil on the Pittsburgh A Con
uollsviUe Koad threw a mail train from the
traek and pitched (he express ear into the
river, near West New ton. Pa. Twelve persons
wen* injured, two badly. On the SM the same
cause seut a freight train tumbling 40 feet
down an eintiaukinenL near YouugsLowu, O.,
and killed a brakeman. Ou tin- same day still
another broken rail tiling a train on the Cin
cinnati A Indianapolis Junction Railroad from
tin* traek near Morristown, Iml., killed the
conductor and an engineer, and more or less
injured seven others. On the!£id a passenger
train outlie Burlington, Cedar Kapids A Min
uesota Road broke through the bridge over the
Shell Koek River at Rockford Station, and
two locomotive*, a eahoo.se and a tender fell
*J6 feet. The passenger ear was stopped just
in time. An engineer, a hmkeiuaii and a tire*
man were killed. On the evening of the lVRh
a drunken driv er got his wagofi on the track
of the Cleveland, Columbus A Pan Handle
Road, in front of a train that was moving at
the rate of four miles an In hit. The wagon
contained 10 passengers, one of whom, a
Miss Bradley, was killed outright, two others
being injured.—On Saturday, a locomotive on
the Hartford, Providence A Pish kill Road
exploded at Hartford, and killed an engineer
and a tinman —Another explosion, in which
the purifying house of the Metropolitan Gas
Company of New York w as destroyed, took
place on the name evening, but without any
serious results, hcyond the loss of £10,000
worth of property. Tin* workmen hail all left
at half past 5, or the destruction of life might
have been awful. hie of the employes
pnmiptly cut of tl»e gas from the neighbor
hood, or explosions would have been likely
to follow all over the district. As it was, that
part of the city above Thirty-fourth street was
left in the dark, and a large force is now en
gaged in repairing the works.
This negroes of Chicot County, Ark., have
risen In arms, and have been murdering and
plundering In that region of country, to the
terror of the whole State. The beginning of
the whole bloody business was a political
discussion between a negro lawyer, named
Wynn.-, and three whites, known as Curry
Garrett, Owen Dugan and John Sanders, the
latter of whom ended the dispute by stabbing
bis colored op|>onent dead. This took place
alKiui two weeks since at l.uke Village. The
whites were immediately imprisoned, and on
Friday, the 15th, a inoh of negroes go* pos
session of tlie jail, took ont the prisoners,
shot, beat and mangled them, smeared
their Wood on the surroundiug fences,
and Dually hung them. Then they
drove out the white inhabitants, except one
family, placed pickets ou the roads leading
into the place, ransacked houses, stores and
barns, and placed a strong guard to preserve
their occupancy of the town undisturbed.
The sheriff of the county asked that regular
troop* might tie sent to enfnree the law, as he
feared that colored troops would play into
the hands of the negroes. The Governor has
dispatched the adjutant general of the State
to the scene, and according to present reports
the tumult ha* subsided.—On the other hand,
the St. Isiuts DrjHormt't special from Sedalia.
Mo., says that Christmas Day witnessed a
preconcerted outbreak of the Ku Klux at
Marshall, Saline County, Mo., and vicinity.
A large number of armed men turned out in
pursuit of negroes. Patrols were placed near
the town, and every traveler was halted and
questioned. All business was suspended, and
moii violence reigned supreme. It is not
known how many negroes were killed, but
Edward Wilson, wb left Marshall at 11
o’clock, saw the dead bodies of five—two
hanging hy the neck,three lying in the road—
and one terribly wounded, having his shoulder
shot away. At the latest account* a crowd
of armed men were starting out, swearing
they would clean oat every negro in the
county.
Jesse R. Grant, father of the President,
and postmaster of Covington, had s paralytic
stroke on the 30th —Representaflre F.ugene
Hale, of Maine, married Senator Chandler’s
daughter at Washington, on the evening of
the Jlth —L C. McCreery, who has already
sat in the Senate, has been chosen to th«t
body from Kentucky, in place of Garrett Da
vis.—J. Uryaut Walker and John L. Miner
have been appointed by Gov. Hayes, of Ohio,
to judgeship* in the Superior Court ef Clncin
nati.to fill the vacancies Taft by Judges Hoad

ley ami Tsft.-Ftaf. MtUi ha*
St. Thomas.—Raw Admire) *rrllffall)itel
the Royal Nary, ha* the appointment
of naval attache In the British Legation dt
this country.—Morrison R. Y.'alte, of Toledo,
Judge Curtis' successor as counsel at Gamte,
was to leave tor Europe on the 37th.—6n the
21st tire Phi Kappa Pi brotherhood, tookadfag
in inn here from 33 colleges, closed Re snags! i
festivities at Philadelphia, having listened In
an oration from Tilton, and chosen Charted
Sumner orator for next year.—Miss IttlsaMFB
persistent lover, Mr. Busch, has at last IMhb
committed to a lunatic asylum.—Drury, ttt'
city marshal of Boston, while quieting a MB
turbauce on Christmas morning, was
several times.—On the 21st, Mr. TrumbulLjn
behalf of Mrs. Stanton and other*, presenfid
a memorial demanding female suffrage, and
asking permission for the ladies to apsak in
Congressional session upon the snhjlsMi
Hares, dotf of Food do Imr, onteift
suicide In the l/nlon Hotel at 8t. Louis, on
the 23rd, and left a letter In which he Mid
that his reason for so doing is the business
of nobody but himself."—Schenek, It appears,
lute withdrawn from the Emma Mine director
ship, in order to appeaee the clamorous.
Secretary Fish advised the withdrawal, ai-,
though he said that Investment In stacks was
as proper for a diplomatist as for anybody.
The English papers, also, seemed to take the
same ground, and cited as a precedent the
case of the Portugese Duke Suld-tnha, who
was allowed to engage in private speculation
a Idle Minister to a foreign power.—Johnny
Clem, the little drummer of Shiloh, has been
appointed to a second lieutenancy In the
24th Infantry, and has thanked the President
therefor.
Tut criminal record of the week contains
several more brutal murders. Lorenzo
Deagle, who kept an all-night drinking saloon
In Cincinnati, was shot dead early on Sunday
morning, by Charles Tolman, assistant press
man in the Methodist Book Concern, In front
of the office of the Enquirer. Tolman had
l>ecn quarreling in Deagle's saloon with some
customers, ami the latter had been kindly
showing him home when he was ahot down
without w arning or provocation.—Near Kane,
Pa., the wife and child of one Patrick Burns
have been found dead under a bam near their
house. The child's skull waa broken, and Ua
mot tier seemed to have been strangled.—On
Sunday afternoon Mrs. Weisert, of Louisville,
Ky., attacked her mother-in-law, Mrs. Klor
ner, with a hatchet, and mutilated her aw
fully. When arrested, she professed to know
nothing of the matter.—Two desperadoes,
Louis Swimrn, aud Texas Joe "o/ia* Buck
skin," clubbed a Genuau named Henry Sals
man, near Prairie City, robbed him, and left
him for dead. But the victim crawled back
to town, told his story, and the illains were
forthwith arrested at Seneca, Mo., by a Vigi
lance Committee, and lynched. Buckskin’*
confessed to 11 murder* during the year,
w hich had brought him in the sum of |9U.—A
man named Keyuold* shot two negroes
through the head aud killed them, near Mem
phis, on the 24lh. He had ordered them
away from a commissary building of which
lie waa in charge, aud threatened to shoot
them if they came uearer. They did
nut mind him and were shot. The
murderer fled.—Kobert Halloran, a dis
('barged street car driver, killed Thomas
Larkin, a Third avenne conductor, on Satur
day night, w ith a car-hook, and then escaped.
—Milton McManaway, who, with bis two
brothers, George and Thomas, had been
throwing stones through the windows, aud
firing pistols through the doors of JohnB.
I Williams' house at Cambridge, Ohio, ou Sat
urday night, w as killed by a pistol shot from
the inside of the building.—Gregorio Perk
tile Italian saloon keeper who murdered two
men in his saloon on the night following the
great tire at Chicago, has been sentenced to a
life Imprisonment.—Kev. W. C. Wallace was
shot and killed at Atlauta, Columbia County,
Ark., on the 2tith, liy a man named Bhelman,
who escaped.—One Bohan, while resisting
the sheriff, was shot and killed In Lafayette
County, Ark., on the ISth. —Thos Hawkins
shot and killed Port .lelton at a festive party
on Christmas night, near Cowan, Tenn., on
the Nashville A Chattanooga Railroad. They
had, during the day, quarreled, and meeting
at night, llawkins immediately attacked Jel
ton, the second shot passiug tlirough his
heart and killing titan instantly. Jetton is the
saventb one of kh family who has met a vioj
lent death. One brother was recently killed
in Nashville, resisting the police.—On Christ
mas day, also, a bloody affray took place In a
driukiog saloon at East Arlington, VC Tar
well A Lawrence, keepers of the saloon, shot
live persons, two of whom have died sines,
and two more are mortally won tided. One
of the victims was Farwell’s son, eight yean
of age. Tarwell and Lawrence are under
arrett.
Suntxr E. Moms*, a brother of Prof.
Samuel t. B. Morse, the Inventor of the tele
graph, died of paralysis, s few days ago, In
New York city, at the age of 77. He was
born in Charlestown, Mass., and graduated
at Yale at the age of 14. He subsequently
studied theolocy it Andover, Maas., and law
at Litchfield, Conn. He edited successively
the Boston RrronUr and New York Observer.
Mr. Morse was better known by Ms well
known text-book on geography. He was the
invc ntor of the process known as cerography
by which maps can lie printed on the com
mon printing press. This art was not pat
entsd and has never been made public. 8tnce
his retirement from Journalism, in 1858, he
bad been engaged with his son upon the la
vention of the hath,,meter,” aa Instrument
te> be used In making rapid explorations la
the depths of the sew This was exhibited at
the Paris Kxpesltloe la W87, and It is be
lieved will prove useful to science.
Out ht Illinois the other day a man was at
tacked and knocked down by a wild steer,
which attempted to pin hha to tiie ground.
Luckily, the animal's horns passed between
the man's body and anna Possessing great
muscular power, the man seised the horns
snd with ill Ms fpree twhfied Jbe steer’s seek
sad threw him. He then Jumped up and ran,
but Ua flight was needless, as the steer was
found dead tketiext morning lust wkars be
was thrown. Mswstk barringbees broken
TO UMIT or EHWIN
V! mi*-
i la fcAolvan «tfcto*l^*W(tortlUM tooto
^WMMuy.
fmm the Sew Tort Mall
A rectal taaac al /hr BwViaw Irituity t-uo
talaa an artkto of startling a nature that
the aditurs appeaU a card trua the celebrated
Dt.fllebert certifying to the Veracity of the
Wrtttjr. He merely eigne the MCIals J. R."
bat la aaM to be a wealthy and eccentric man
whose maid Mint la fhmtohed throughout wNh
art idea which ham belaoged to dacemed
celihettim It to alleged that at the sale of
Mr. DMktoto’ eCect* be purchased a mahogany
eecritoire In which he round an outline of the
entire plot of V Xhe Myatery of Edwin
brood" in tlwhahdwfclng of Mr. Du ken,
la this outline" the erenta are of course ar
1 ranged in the order of their occurrence, and
t not In the order in which Uwr were to be
narrated in the story. I glte K MrheMnt, sod
It Will be observed that J. R.” has inter
i pototed the numbers of the chapter* In which
Mr. Dickens had already wrlttea up numer
ous section* thereof, it reads thus
A Mia. Rud it accidentally drowned la Eng
land, and one year afterward her husband
dies of a broken heart (9). His only consoler
I has been a friend named Drood (9). Bud
l leave* a daughter Rom, and Drood, who toon
follows hhu, leaves a son Edwin (9). The
parent* direct to their wills that these child
ren (ball intermarry when Edwin attains ma
turity (8 A 9). Meanwhile, Rosa lives at the
i Seminary of Mias Twinkle ton, in CloUtcrham
-(9), and her guardian Is an old flame of her
mother'! named Grewgloua, who has au
office in London (11.)
Edwin is educated as an (ngineer (8), and
Intends going on an engineartng tour directly
after marriage (2). His guardian U his
unde John Jasper, of whose diabolical char
acter be Is ignorant. Jasper is Precentor In
the Cloisterham Cathedral and Uvea in the
House adjoining (2).
The wedding day approached, for It la now
the cloae of the year (2), and the marriage la
to take place In the coating May (9). Edwin
baa a dangerous rival In the person of John
Jasper, who baa fallen In love with Rosa while
acting as her musical instructor. She abhors
biiu as she would s snake, but he exerts a
snake’s power over her with his eyes, and
without uttering s threat, looks one so one
qutvoeally that for a long time she is afraid to
acquaint "any one with Us persecution of her
(7.) Therefore, Edwin la so unconscious of It
that he bangs her portrait in Jasper’s room
sad exasperates him by frequent ailusione to
the pending marriage (2).
Jeaper sees that he can only prevent the
marriage by destroying Us rival, and resolves
to pnsh him from the Cathedral Tower and
conreal Us body in a vault, whenever he can
divert suspicion from himself He relieves
his mental agony by smoking opium in a I .oa
don den whose proprietress ia known as the
Prim es* Putter (1 ,v 28i. In his opium
dreams her tall tied post takes the semblance
of the tower which Is to be the scene of his
crime (11, and In them he takes a tlendlsh de
light in hurling Edwin from the tower In
fancy (28). He is fearfnl of betraving his se
rret, but on finding the muttertngs of Us fel
low-smokers unintelligible (1) he concludes
that Us owu hive been equally so. But he Is
mistaken, for the Princess Puffer has wormed
eiiougb out of him to give Edwin the warning
he subsequently receives (14).
Jasper learns"from Durdles, the Cathedral
masou. that the walla of the Sapsea vault are
uncommonly thick (5; and therefore select
that one for the concealment of Edwin s
body, as Durdles is continually tapping with
his hammer to ascertain where persons arc
buried <4t. He sees Durdles put the key of
this vault in bis bundle (4), and w atches for
an opportunity to abstract it. As the murder
mis deed will be committed at night, be fam
liarizes himself with the tower after dark by
visiting it In company with Durdles, and by
stupefying the latter with drugged liquor ho
also obtains possession of the Keyllsi. On
leaving the Cathedral, he finds they have been
watched by a rngaiuuflln called Deputy, wl u
receive* a reward for atoning Durdles" borne
whenever he catches him out late at uight (5).
1 Jaser is an infuriated at lieing watched by
Deputy that he assaults him, and thus in'
"curs his enmity (13).
The opportunity for Jasper to commit the
crime and transfer suspicion to another ar
rives at last. Mr. C'risparkle, the Minor
Canon, has a pupil and boarder named Neville
Landless, w hose sister Helena is at the He mi
nary (0 They are uatives of Ceylou and
have hot Mood in their veins (7 i. Edwin and
-vevnH- quarrel ana Jasper overhear* them.
Pretending to act as mediator, ha invites litem
into he Gate House and by means ut drugged
liquor* and tantalizing remark* bring* about
a collision, after which Neville runfcea bare
headed from the bonne i s) J as per takes the
hat to Crisparkle and telling him of the affray,
expresses the fesr that Nevffle will revenge
himself on Edwin S). He also improves
I the opportunity to prejudice the public
aginst Neville.
The latter admits to Crisparkle that hla
dislike of Edwin is based upon an attach
ment to Rosa (10) but it Is finally arranged
that he and Edwin are to meet at Jasper's on
Christinas Eve fur the purpose uf reconcilia
tion. (10) The day before Christmas, Jasper
goes about purrhasing lirrorte* and trtfrng
every atm they are for his dear nephew. (U. j
Ha also informs Mayor Sapaca, before whom
the suspeetod person will be arraigned that
the Inflammable Neville is to dine with Me
nephew that evening. lU. j Coder pretense
of having a cold he wears a large scarf, (14)
so that If be receive* any marks on the threat
or face In Ma scuffle with Edwm, ha can con
ceal them in that way. Christmas Eve find*
him all prepared for the crime, for it is not
until after foftoaRtlng it that he find* it waa
rendered unnecessary by a preview* dtosolotire
of the engagement between Edwin and Rosa.
(18.) Had they been left to a choice they
would unquestl nabiy have formed a match,
httt as it wap, each bad a suspicion of living
forced on the other. (18.) Prior to this un
derstaRdtog, Grewgious delivered to Rdwtn n
wedding ring which hod belonged to Mima’*
mother, and which was to be returned iu case
the engagement waa broken. (11.)
IfBrewgkxu is to be at Ctoiatortuam on Christ
mas day and Is then to be informed uf the
broken engagement and to notify Jasper of
It <W>.
Pn hi* way to Jasper's en Christmas Eye.,
Edwin meets the Prince** Puffer, who warn*
Mm that Ned la a threatened name 04)
Jasper la the only one who fall* him that 14);
and although he p*J* no particular attention
to the warming, he la none on hla guard than
be would otherwise h%re heen. There la a
violent tornado that night (14) and about
mid night Edwin and Neville go to see its
effect* dntbe river il5). Edwin afterward
tosses MewlHe at Uriaparitto’s red retnrwa to
theUato House (18). Jasper invites him to
take a view from the tower and offer* him
seme liquor “to keep oot the cold.» Edsiw
takes a mouthful, which .he spits out the
moment be get* outside. Jaatqr litle knows
be la being watched by bto old enemy Depntv
who la on hla aightty watch far DudUea.
©wing to the warning, Edwin to nut wholly
unprepared when Jasper grapples hlte on the
tower, and the struggle Is so violent as to dis
place a number of the atones. (This m next
day attributed to the storm.—14.) Edwin la
finally forced over the edge of the- tower, hot
clings trnwrtunity to 14 wall Jasper forced
him tp reUnuulahUia bold by .tamping on hla
hahdt He break* the forev ofhS'fall, how
eo*. by ewtohiagWktho bred* of the Cnihn
dr£ cloak and the Yligtaia creeper (2) a hick i
adherea atoutly to the wall. (The lemtng of
the hand* from the clock U also ascribed to
the atom.—14.) Supposing Edwin to be
dead. Instead of merely -tunned, Jasper
lot** him in the Sapaea vault, Intending te
co*-urn* the bsdy with none of theAn*
which Hurdle* had recommended for ■ash- a
purpose (12). He has removed from KdvU's
person the only articles of jewelry ha knew
of (14) (Ms* Wing Mr riag), and throws them
late loisterham Weir (Iff), so that on their
Whig found it will be supposed that Neville
hat thrown Edwin Into the river.
All these proceedings have been witnessed
by Deputy.
Jasper keeps s light in his window all night
(14), so as to have sufficient light for Us op
erations without tile risk of carrying Un
tern.
The next morning Neville is arrested on *us
pition (15). Jasper endeavors to inculpate
him, and by superintending the search for
Edwin body, prevents any oue from looktag
in the right place (15).
brewgiou* suspects him, howsver, aad a*
»-^"5srar%.“Miss
hi* crime unnecessary (15). After being In
formed of it Jasper encourages the Idea that
Edwin ha* absented himself in consequence
of the broken engagement (Iff), but ha renews
hi* effort* to fasten the crime on Neville
when Crlspnrkie mention* that the latter la
Infatuated with Kona (16). He make* an
entry in his diary expressive of hi* deteruiina
fieo to bring Neville to justice, and shows It
to Criaparkle (16), who afterward reproaches
h hose if for causing Jasper to renew his per
secution of Neville.
As Edwin’s body is not found.Neville la dis
charged from custody i 16), and being an
object of suspicion in Cloiaterhain, he goes
to London, where he devote* himself te the
study of law (17), with a view of acting as
prosecutor of Jasper. Urewgiou* hire* apart
ment* for him opposite hi* own office, and
tlu* ha* them constantly under bis ess
and keeps a watch on Jasper, whom he
discovers in a room near by (17).
The chambes adjellihg NevUr’a have been
hired by Urewgiou* for Edwin Drood himself,
who appeared there as a returned sailor.
miaer me warned name of Tartar I 17). On
seeing Edwin locked in the vault. Deputy had
notided Durdle* who released him forthwith.
Bribing them to secrecy, be went to London
and consulted Grewgious ss to the best
course to pursue. He wished to conceal
tu» identity for two reasons. In the
drst place he and Rosa bad broken
their engagement merely tor Us reason
stated, sod his wmuing her incognito would
give each the desired choice. In the second
Jlace, be still had a lingering affection for
asper, and wanted other evldeDee than has
earn to convict him. Bo the Tartar diagutae
was agreed upon, and his room was furnish
sd with articlek which wonld be of use to
him on hU engineering tour (8). Grewgious
placed him and Neville in adjoining rooms.
So the latter, who was greatly depressed.
Would have the benefit of Edwin's society
haul Helena came to live with him Edwin
made bis disguise still more effectual by
■rat introducing himself to Neville at mid
night (17).
W hile Grewgious acts as detective In Lon
don, it is also necessary to have nae at Clois
ter ham. His clerk, Baiuard, is weO qualified
to act in that capacity, tor he baa aot only
written a tragedy (20), but baa considerable
histrionic ability himself. Bo h« appears
at (JloUlerham under the name of Hatchery,
and a earing an immense shock of white hair
(1*>.
Jas|>er avails himself of the first opportuni
ty to ask Rosa to marry him, and when she
recoils in horror be threatens, If she favors
Neville,to fasten the Drood murder upon him
(lii). in her alarm she dies to Grewgious (8U),
who engages board for ber in London, and in
vites Miss Twinkleton to spend the vacation
with her (83). When Rosa asks about Bas
tard, Grewgious merely tells her he Is off
duty there at present (80i.
In order to introduce Tartar to Rosa with
out suaplcion on her part. It ia arranged
that they are to meet in jhe pseaem-e of
Grewgious and Grisparfcle, and t’iat the latter
is to pretend that he recognises in Tartar aa
old schoolmate of his (HI).
It transpires that Grewgious Was not alto
gether disinterested in bringing Miss Twinkle
ton to London, for it U not long before she
becomes Mrs. Grewgious. She bribgs him a
larger dower than either anticipated, for the
mysterious inscription, P T T 1747,”
over his oIBcc door (U) reminds be. that her
eccentric ancle, Percivai J. Twinkleton, died
in that locality, leaving no clue to hia poses*
sions. And behind the panel containing the
inscription certain papers are found vstamlah
ing her claim to his estate.
Meanwhile, two other courtship* are pro
gressing more slowly, but quite as surely.
The parties to one of theta are Criaparfcle sod
Helena, whose regard tor each ether has stead
ily increased ever since she Iciased his hand at
Uoisterhaaa Weir IW). The third one la be
tween Tartar and Rosa, whose marriage is
deferred at her request until Jasper shall be
rendered incapable of revenge. The result la
attained as follows
Dati'hery learns of Jasper's connection
with the Princess Puffer, and employs Deputy
to ascertain her place of abode <2B), Learn
ing it, he bribes her to co-operate with him,
or she can prepare opium that makes Jasper
answer questions while under Its infladnCe
and he has already confessed to her the
pushing from the tower (83). In this way
Datcherv obtains from Mm ail the partieulara
of his crime, and officers, headed Uy Datchary
and Neville, go to Cloisteiham to arrdat Mm
Seeing them approach, Jasper resins from
the Gate House and ap the tosrer steps, leav
ing ail far behind with the exception of
Neville, who bounds after him two Steps
at a time. Reaching the summit of tie
tower, Jasper glares wildly over Ms aboaMer
aad sees Neville close upon Mas, with evary
fibre strained to its utmost tension. He tuna
with a wild appeal for mercy, aad atiunhUag
backward over the displaced stones, falls
headlong to the ground-a mutilated corpse
It transpire- that Dardlsa is the raOegude
husband and Deputy is the vagabond tog of
the Princess Puffer; and an account of the
happy reunion of this distinguished famiy,
and of the two weddings (at one of which tbs
mtntumed ring is brought into reqislUoa),
brings to a close "The Mystery of Edwin
Drood."
Twsra’s Sttls cm ran Horratrw_a
Chicago reporter thus describes Twain In
his last lecture Mr. Twain then ‘hedged
toward his subject,’ as he railed i*. and'took
his auditors on a flying trip to CdiMsnals aad
the mountain mis in* region*—giving alter
nate glimpses of sense and satire that kept
the audience in the most sympathetic mood.
He never dipped tuts pathos, and uesur rase
into eloquence, but be kept staddhag right
along tc s fascinating nasal snarl, looking and
rklng like an embamsaed daaeea telling
experience, end punctuating Us tardy
hip with the most complicated awkwardness
of gesture. Now he snapped bis fingers’,bow
he rubbed his hands soPUr/Hae the catcher
of the champion nine now be caressed Ida
left palm with hie dexter fingers, like the
end minintret map propoundtaga conundrum;
now he put hliMrime akhnbaTnke a disgusted
the vtctatty of his Imperilled
outspread hands, as if he was
mosquitoes at Eye %acb. Once he
arms tangled so bnffiv that three eu
i were asm to edge their way quietly ten
the stags, swpeettnr to be aaatmwaed
'he uawound himself during the int
I LITTLE El’ll."
HMiiihi MmUm la
There ware nearly JUb falieu wm
Wed at the Cafe Royal. Regent atreet.
ycUerday morning (aay. the London Aida
invitations were
for U o clock on Thursday night, and ludf HI
ho«r afterward the spacious, handsome room
waa full. It waa a strange scene, and though
the peni ladings at one of iheee iHitalahl
mwrtings and the people they aaaemble'lo
gether hare been described before, the work
they reprraewt Is of sork grave Import, It la
W-ribietn give It too mock puhlfetty.
Whew the doors were opened there waa a
ruah of girls of a low class from Charles
si eret, Drury tone, and such neighborhoods,
and when tha heHar-draeeed woman of Re
getil street aw this, nothing would Induce
them to eaten. ta this as U Hay, the km to
Indisputable that a majority of the girts
preunt wave not of the rdaee with wWeh the
pedestrian at the Meat End la but too fa
miliar. There la an aristocracy in female rice
and this did not appear to hare tveu reached
The directors of the meeting give the girls
play, and let them talk and laugh and rtdl
cille within certain llmtta, until they have all
erien and drank sa much as they wish. The
real business ef the ersHag only begins than.
A layman mounts the platlueo, and in a fas
sensible words announce* that tha object of
the gathering la to do" the dear deters'good
They are asked for their own aakea to Baton
to what la to follow, and to join In a hymn, a
‘duple of lines of which waa read out. It
seemed a hazardous experiment to la rite inch
a crew aa waa In our Immediate vicinity to
sing aloud, but here again the promoters of
the meeting were right, for lu another second
ererjr girl in the room waa lifting her voice in
good tunc and tune, and with a fervor which
was amazing Where were the low jests, the
tendency to horseplay, the mocking, and tbr
gibes now Tne hymn seemed to dissolve
.these things on the bietant. and the old tan
rdny School training asserted lie power. An
ovuor nawau ascended Uut platform
upw, end, taking for hia text tbe words, “Lit
tie Early,’’ “which you’7» all seen op the
advertlsinent boardings and on the plav
bill*,’’ told the atory of poor Ffggotty'tmd
bln misguided niece. There waa a fair average
of attention throughout the audience The
•ketch from “Dar.d Coopardald’’ wea merely
taken la outline, the detail* bring Ailed in
tha apeaker’* own language, and the girls
*F*w interested. There were some lnterrap
done. “Oh, I desaay," delivered wtth much
vixenish emphasis, was the commentary of ooe
young woman upon the apeaker*’ attempt to
describe the anguish od the oM Aaharnnia and
tha fhKfa wtth which the candle waa plneed
■dghl by night la da old place in the boat
Oouae to lure tbe wanderer home But it
Was plain that “the tone ef the meeting" wa*
meetly improved. The unseemly burst* of
laughter grew rarer A softened look came
over some of the wont laces, and by tbe time
mother speaker had in a few sentences Intro
'lured the rector of St. Clement Danes,
there waa a general dtopotttlaa to behave
Well.
Tna Childsood or Dicaiws —The Ant
Bcbt thrown on the childhood of Chart**
Wtken* by hie biographer. Mr. Forster,
reveals what interests without surprising us.
i People who sutler are ceraraooly the ewas mb*
can deplet raflertng. The patbo*. not to ray
the morbid aenalblhty, of portion* of
Dickens' writings tell an nnndstakable atory
to all analysts of bamaa character. It now
appear* that at tea yean of age Dlckess waa
i a poor little drudge in a blacking factory.
He went through privation. Insalt and mlaery.
Hi* cerapentoua were coarse aad aggreealva,
aud their enforced society was torture to him.
In e letter of‘tit, no* Ant rmbHabed by Mr
Toestev, be write* “Mo word* can
Jxpress tbe secret agony of my soul as
sunk into this rompaflonahtp compared
these every day aaaeeWtee -wtth those of
distinguished man crashed In my breast.
The deep lemerabranee ef the amme 1 ted Of
1 utterly neglected end honelem of the
thame I felt In my position, of the mlaerv H
waa to my roving heart to better* that, day
by day, what 1 had learned, and thought, ad
delighted iu, and raised my fancy and my
emulation np by, waa paaalng array hum me,
a ver to be haought back any more—cannot
be written. My whole nature waa ora
peuet rated with the grief aad humiliation of
tarh consider*thma, that erun new, famous
and eareaaed and happy, 1 often forget in my
dreams that I hare a dear wife ana children
—even that I am a man—aad wandar daeo
imely back to that tfm* of my life." Tha
picture la sorrowful indeed yet we cannot
look upon It without perceiving how much
Dtakans’ future aunty and araittluam to tea
world depended upon hia going through lust
auch an experience. PoeU ‘Hearn in suffer
tog Whet they teeeb tesoug," aad the toman
taught by tbe noveltot moat be gained, to
the moat part, in much the tame Way.
A (Uu'a Bxonr—Whan l uard to tend
•tore at Byracuae the old man came round
one day aad aaya he “Boys, the on who
aella the moat between now aad Ctdhaa*
5SlT.3W*frSHfc.: “KS
you there were •oiacdall ptorw* told la pralae
of gooda juat aboutttat fhhr but the tallest
talkar, aad tba-oue that had the most chafk
of any of ua waa a certain Jonah Aquiree, who
roomed with me. He gold take a dollar out
of a mau n poehet whan tha mwa only Intend
3£ TtFsf
damn the aha an tftad It waa cat bum, aad
maka him own Ua own wppl Twon’t wear
out, either Vote a pair OTpaata of (hat etuff
for lee yean, and they are aa good nowaa
^teattjuffasasTS:
too dear Wfcll, am It *8 eeata What
d’ye aky T Stall I War It» All rtrfit, k’e a
targata I eould BmI Juuah 'a band piaytng
about tha bad cladkaa toe aa MtatTlkN
ar&«fa*s*Tstt&f
When t eWoke the next morning I BdU
that the back of my nlght-ahlrt waa aplit from
tau to co jgr hamk
a S>«n<* bowl out af wlileb punch waa
the i