Mission Sunday School.—There are four Sunday
Schools connected with and supported by the Pres
bvierian church in New York, of which Rev. Dr.
John Hall is the pastor. Each ot these schools it
part of a well organized wh .le, under the care and
supervision if the pastor and officers of the church
The expenses of the missions are assumed and
paid by the church, which last year amounted tc
about $8 000.
The Christian Intelligencer, the organ of the
Relormed Church iu America, has passed into new
hands, and presents a much improved appearance
The Rev. Mr. Atwater, who has been connected
with it many years, continues as managing editor
Iu the Baptist Church, it is said in the Baptist
Union, eighteen different ministers have declared
themselves, since last January, open-communion
ists.
Episcopal Convention.—The Society anniversaries
were held during the session of Convention. The
Evangelical Knowledge Society reports receipts
for three years. $130,933.27. The new Publica
tions for the same period numbered forty-seven.
The year’s receipts ot Evangelical Educational
Society—$36 141 58 -considerably exceed those of
last year. The Church Missionary Society’s re
ceipts for the year were $64 635.29. Three thous
and and ninety dollars were specially contributed for
work in Mexieo. Fifty two missionaries were com
missioned during the year.
A Good Meeting at Brunswick, Mo.—Rev. S W.
Mitchell of Maltne Church, has just returned front
a visit to Chariton County. During his sojourn,
he held a meeting, protracted through ten days, in
the Brunswick Church, lately the pastoral charge
of Rev. VV. II. Jeffries, but now vacant. The im
mediate result of the meeting was the addition of
two persons by letter and ten on confession of faith.
Old School Presbyterian.
DOMESTIC MISCELLANY.
Bandolph Macon College. At the recent Metho
dist Coutereuce Rev. Dr. Duncan submitted an
able and. extended report of Randolph Macon Col
lege, showing 142 students, twenty-three ot whom
are preparing for the ministry and twenty are sons
of ministers, The institution is steadily growing
in public favor. He urged the preachers to labor
to increase the patronage of the college, and also
to raise funds for its support, stating mat the pre
sent patronage would not enable the college to edu
cate ministers’ sons and those preparing tor the
ministry free of tuition fees, as at present it is
doing. The report asks the appointment of a
preacher as financial secretary. Rev. Alexander
G. Brown, presiding elder of Norfolk district, will
bo appointed to that position.
It is Proposed to organize in Nashville, Tennes
see, a Conlederate Memorial and Monumental As
sociation, tor the purpose of decently interring the
remains of the Confederate dead at Shiloh. Fort
Donaldson, Chicamauga, and other neglected bat
tie fields of the South, and to rnatke arrangements
to erect at some place "in the South a monument
to their memory.
The Intermediate Celebration at Hampden Sidney
College will be held hereafter on the 19th January
—Gen. Lee’s birth day. instead of the 22nd Febru
ary, the birth-day of Washington.
Mercer University.—The Rev. A. J. Battle,
President ot Judsou Female College, Mtrion, Ala
has been elected President of Mercer University,
Macon, Ga.
Eev. Dr. Wills, President of Oglethorpe College.
Atlhnta, Ga.-*-“A gentleman who has travelled
over Europe, and who was educated at one of the
old European Universities, says that Rev. Dr.
Wills has the most remarkable voice he has ever
heard in the pulpit, the parliament, or in the
popular assembly. In distinctness of articulation
and in depth and richness of tone, he regards the
Doctor as unrivalled in the civilized world.
“Who, then, is better qualified to open to the
young men of the Church and State, the true
sources of a brilliant and powerful elocution? Ii
is a singularly fit and happy thing that such a man
should have been called to fill the chair of rhetoric
and belles letters in an institution ot learning
located in one of our great commercial centres.’’
Savannah Advertiser.
Tunnelling Church Hill.—The City Council of
Richui nd have unanimously voted to appropriate
$200,000 to the Chesapeake Ohio Railroad for
this purpose. This will establish the great depot
ot the company at Rocketts.
A Convention of the principal telegraph Com
panies of the world will be held iu Rome next
month, at which it is expected a project will be
started to lay a submarine cable between San Fran
cisco and China via the Sandwich Islands that shall
complete a girdle around the glode.
“Rockbridge Citizen.”—We have received two
numbers of this paper, started in Lexington, Va..
by Messrs. Morrison Goode, and hope they will
receive patronage sufficient to ensure its continu
ance. They evince a liberal spirit towards our
city as the State capital. In an article in regard
to the Eastern terminus of the Chesapeake Ohio
ilailroad, they say:
“To secuie for Richmond this position, and to
secure for Virginia the commercial advantages
which this road must create, is in the hands of
Virginians. She must be more liberally patron
iz d by our people. Her merchants and trades
men must be encom aged—that is, our farmery
country merchants, &c., should, all things being
equal, give her people the preference. Before the
war our country merchants bought their stocks of
goods there, and we cannot see why they should
not do so now, instead of spending their money
out of the State, and building up other cities at
the expense of our own. Trade is accumulative,
and trades people are gregarious. Where the de
rnand is, there will soon be the supply. Let us
patronize those there now in what they have, and
this will stimulate others to Bock in, until trade and
commerce will soou supply all our demands.”
Business at Chicago.—From all sources of infor
mation it is teamed that Chicago is rapidly recov
ering from its great disaster by fire. Intelligent
gentlemen from there say the city is all life, and,
what many would not suppose, that money is most
abundant. Some forty thousand men are actively
at work on the burned district. It is not only in'
this department of industry that the city is active,
but current business is all bustle, and compares
favorably with what it was in the corresponding
time last year.
Forbidden Postmaster General Creswell forbids
the letter carriers to issue their usual New Year’s
address, stating “the solicitation of presents by
any means whatever” to be not only prejudicial to
the public service, but derogatory. to the respect
the carriers should command. Commendable.
Wants.—The Michigan- State Relief Committee
have published a circular, stating that enough
clothing has been received, but building materials,
farming implements and provisions, or money to
purchase them, are needed.
Cholera at New York.—It is officially announced
that the German steamer Franklin arrived at
quarantine, New York, with forty eases of Cholera
on board, having had twenty eight deaths by
cholera during the voyage. The strictest regula
tions are being enforced.
The Eclipse—The United States Government, it
is now stated, will not join the governments of Eu
rope in making observations of the great solar
eclipse of December 12th. The work in the Na
tional Observatory is so behind hand that the ob
servers cannot be spared.
Free of Charge.—The University of Pennsylva
nia and the Jefferson College, of Philadelphia,
have offered to receive free of charge the students
of the Rush Medical College and Chicago Medical
College, both of which institutions suffered in the
great fire.
Approach of Winter.—Two inches of snow fell
week before last in Maine, and in Utah severe
weather is reported, the snow being four feet deep
in Big Cottonwood canon, with fearful drifts,
which prevent the conveyance of food to the
miners.
No Admission Yet.—The authorities of Harvard
College are not yet prepared to take the “new
departure,” for they have refused the application
of -a young lady who desired to attend the law
school.
Insurance Losses.—The Underwriter for October,
just out, and very good authority on insurance
matters, estimates the losses of insurance com
panies by the Chicago fire at one hundred millions
of dollars.
“Cosmism.”—John Fiske, of Harvard College,
rejects Atheism, Pantheism, and the Christian
Tneism. substituting what he calls “Cosmism” as
the religion of scientific men. He denies the ex
istence of a personal God, and holds that there is
an indwelling power in the world which exhibits
itself in every phenomenon of nature. What this
power is, he cannot say. The Athenians long ago
erected an altar to the “unknown God.”
Best Charity.—B<>az did t ot give Ruth
a quantity of barley at once, but kept her
gleaning. That is the best kind of charity,
which helps people to help themselves.
.btsei
FOREIGN ITEMS.
Th9 want of Ministers is becoming more and
n more lelt in Germany. A few years ago there was
i a great excess of candidates, so that, after passing
their examination, they were obliged to support
l themselves as best they could, with private tuition,
and often failed to get their first charge until forty
years of age. But now the number of theological
students has been reduced to one-fourth of the
f Tiner uumber Not only Lutherans of the
Bieslau Synod, but even the State churches, eom
plain of the great want. In Bavaria young men
receive appointments as soon as they leave the
University. In Hesse-Darmstadt not a few aged
and sick ministers would like to secure vicars, but
cannot. It will soon be necessary to enlarge some
of the parishes already too large, and thus make
pastoral work impossible. It is time to pray that
i the Lord may send laborers into the harvest.
The English Educational Difficulty, to which we
i referred last week, as partaking of a purely religi
ous character, is evidently assuming larger propor
tions Hitherto the National Education League,
I together with the great mass of the British Nou
conformists have been in the front of the battle,
in advocacy of what is practically pur American
system of public undenominational schools. This
position is to be pushed politically, and Mr. Glad
stone is assured that one of two choices is open to
him—the repeal of the present Educational act,
and the creation of purely non sectarian schools to
whom alone State aid shall be afforded, or the loss
of the political support of the League and of it3
allies among the Congregationalists and Baptists.
Hardly, however, had the Prime Minister in his
provincial retreat begun to consider this horn of
the dilemma, than he was confronted by the ful
minations of the Roman Catholio Bishops of Ire
land. On October 17. the prelates of the Roman
Catholic hierarchy met at Marlborough Street
Cathedral. Dublin, and declared in a series of reso
lutions that “godless education is subversive not
only of religion and morality, but also of domestic
peace, of the right of property, and of all social
order;” that to force such an education on the
country will be a phase of persecution for con
science’ sake; that the Model Schools, the Queen’s
College, Trinity College, etc., are dangerous to the
faith and morals of Catholics; that training schools
should, therefore, be immediately established to
instruct and prepare Catholic teachers, and the
Catholic laity should be brought together in pub
lic meetings to petition against the undenomina
tional movement; and that finally no member of
Parliament shall be returned by a Catholic vote
unless he give a satisfactory pledge of his deter
mination to uphold the principles of denomina
tional education for our Catholio people.” Thus
a struggle, mutterings of which have been heard
in our own American cities, seems likely to dis
close itself in. the mother country. A sketch of
the situation is given in a letter on page 313, of
this paper. Christian Union.
Papal vs. Italian Eoma —The ohange in the con
dition of Roman affairs since the dissolution of the
Pope’s worldly power is remarkable. “The Bible
is a free book in Rome. We have eight colporteurs
who sell Bibles everywhere without hindrance.—
They sell them openly in the market place and in
houses. S- veral thousand copies have already
been distributed among, the citizens of Rome.—
Another fact deserves notice, namely, that au Eng
lish lady has sold 2,000 copies of the New Testa
ment in an exclusively Jewish quarter of the city.
This is a great victory. But more than this: for
get not that a short time ago the Bible was a for
bidden book in Rome. If you come to Rome now,
and turn to that beautiful part of the city called
Corso, the first thing you will see is a flue book
store with a large sign in gilt letters, ‘Depository
of the London Bible Society.’ That is something
new, something extraordinary for Rome. And
this bookstore is just opposite the Vatican. The
Pope can see the Depository of the London Bible
Society from his palace without an opera glass.”
The English Church Times (Ritualist) finds some
difficulty in giving directions to good churchmen
traveling on the continent as to the manner in
which they shall spend their Sundays; but feels
quite clear on one point—namely, that they must
never go to any Protestant Church. No clergy
man—nor church laymen either, for that matter
lias any right to abet schism by joining a Lutheran
service in Sweden, Denmaik or Prussia; a Calvin
ist one in Scotland, Holland or Switzerland.”—
Such clear and sweeping prohibition would seem
to leave the Anglican clergyman rather in a predic
ament; but he will generally be able to find a Pop
ish church somewhere in his neighborhood, and,
to avoid even the semblance of schism, English
men ought to make a point of regular attendance
at mass, daily where practicable, every Sunday and
greater holidays at the least.” The nature of Rit
ualism is very fairly indicated by this extract.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The subscriber, Manufacturer and Dealer in all
kinds nf AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Farm
and Plantation Machinery. He also makes a spe
ciality of PLOWS of all the various varieties for
the Southern Trade Having established himself
in Warehouse No. 40 and 42 Light St., corner of
Lombard St, Baltimore, respectfully’nvites all his
old customers and others interested in such wares
to g ve him a call and examine his stock, whioh will
be as complete, and well made, and sold at as moder
ate rates as any other like establishment in the coun
try. Address JOHN MAYHER,
40 and 42 Light Street,
oc 18—6m BRtimnre Md
f&cclcsiajstical gjutkes.
East Hanover Presbytery will hold an adjourned
meeting on the 4th Tuesday of November in the 1st
Church Richmond, at.7£ o’clock, P. M.
A full attendance of ministers and elders is en
joined by the IV sbytery and thesessio-s of all our
churcheB are diree'ed to meet previously, and con
sider the following questions, and report to this
meeting of Presbytery:
_ “1. What plan can be adopted in your congrega
tion to increase its contributions?
2 How much could you pledge or certainly secure
for the work of Sustentaiion?”
W. A. Campbell, Stated Clerk.
Iffau ieil,
November 14th, in Dandridge, Tenn., by Rev. J.
H. Mart:n, Gen. Joel A. Dewey and Miss Victoria
Josephine Branner.
October 8th, at “Rockland,” Augusta county,
Va. by Rev. G. B S'rickler. Capt. R. M. Tuttle,
of Lenoir, Caldwell county, N. C., student Union
Theological Seminary, and Miss Maggie C., daugh
ter of the late John Brooks, of Augusta county, Va.
In Greensboro’, November 1st at Blandwood, the
residence of the bride’s uncle, Eugene Moruhead,
by the Rev. J. Henry Smith, Gen. R. D. Johnston,
ot Charlotte, N. C., and Miss Johnsie Evans,
daughter of the late Col. P._G. Evans.
November 2d. at the residence of the bride’s
father, Davidson College, N. C by the Rev. S. L.
Watson, Paul P. Winn and Miss Susie Anderson.
November 1st, by Rev Dr Waddel, Chancellor
University Mississippi, Rev. W. T. Hall, pastor of
the Canton Presbyterian church, and Miss Ellen
Handy, daughter of John Handy, Esq., of Canton,
Mississippi.
November 2d, by Rev, J. 0. Stedman, D. D., H.
H Cairns, youngest son of JamesvCairns, Esq., of
Memphis, and Miss Stella Young, daughter of the
late Capt Young.
November 15th, in' the county of Nottoway, Va.,
by the Rev. T. Pryor, John Skgar Epss and Miss
Fannie Washington, only daughter of F. W. Epes,
all of Nottoway.
November 15th, in Brunswick, Va., by the Rev.
Jacob D. Dudley, of Dinwiddie, Reuben B Hicks
and Miss Bettie Flournoy, daughter of Thomas
Flournoy, of Brunswick.
November 15th, at Westwood, Henrico county,
Va., by the Rev. Charles H. Read, D. D., John T.'
Goddin and Miss Lizzie Darracott.
November 12th, in the county of Greene, Va., by
the Rev. William A. Hill, Meriwether L. Shelton
and Miss Mary A. Piper.
On the 14th inst, at the residence of the bride’s
father, Henry M. Baker. Esq by the Rev. T. W.
Dosh Thomas S. Chamblin, of Loudoun county,
and Miss Beatrice Baker.
November 15th, at Forest Hill, Rockbridge coun
ty, va., by the Rev. P. B. Price, G. William Ef
finger and Miss Nannie M. Moore, daughter of
Nathan G. Moore, Eq.
November 14th, by Rev. Mr. Lindsay, George
Warren Fitzhugh and Miss Betty F. Gray, all of
Fauquier county, Va.
Qn the same day, by the same, Thomas C. Thorn
ton, of Caroline county, a'nd Miss Victoria H.
Gray, of Fauquier.
On the same day, by the same, Ellas E. Gray
and Miss Helen M. Edmonds, all of Fauquier.
November 8th, near Millboro’ Springs, Va., by
Rev. R. P. Kennedy,. John S. Dickinson and Miss
Lizzie P. Porter, all of Bath county, Va.
s "-'Y YY,.^ l* M.M ,T
October 18th, by Rev. George T. Lyle, David
Hendrix, of Rockbridge county, and Mrs. Martha
Brougham.
Nqyember 16th, at “Rocklands,” Orange county,
Va by the Rev. George Woodbridge, ot Richmond,
Robert E Lee and Miss Charlotte Haxall,
daughter of R. Barton Haxall, Esq.
November 8th, in Fulton, Mo by the father of
the bride. Rev. W. W. Robertson, and at his resi
dence. Dr S. N. Russell, of Mexico, and Miss
Anna M. Robertson.
©bituams.
Died, in Brunswick. Va on the loth ult Miss
Elizabeth S Harrison, of Diamond Grove.
Also in the same county, on the 16th ult., Dr.
Devereux J. Claiborne, aged 87.
Died, at the residence of Rev. M. McNair, in
Robeson county, N. C., of Asthma, Mrs. Nancy,
widow of the late Alexander MeDiarmid, Esq., aged
75 years.
Died, in Monroe county, Ark after a brief ill
ness, Bessie J., daughter of J. H and Letitia Dial,
aged 14^ears, 2 months and 16 days
Died, on Sunday morning. November the 12th,
suddenly, in Winchester, Mrs. Francis Klipstine,
relict of the late Peter Klipstine, aged about 78 years.
Died, on the 4th day of September, 1871, Boi.ar
Cocke, a ruling elder in Hat Creek Presbyterian
church, having attained his 83d year.
In the death of this Chrstian gentleman the com
munity has los' a valued citizen, the church the
services of a faithful servant the session an able
and zealous member, the pastor a tried friend.
A faithful wife and loving children have lost hus
band and father. vVe mourn but not as those with
out hope; our loss i--- his eternal gain. C.
Died, in Prince Edward county. Va., on the 16th
November, the Rev. Daniel Witt, D. D., aged 70
years.
Dr. Witt was a native of Bedford county. He
was a nephew of the late Rev. Samuel Brown, of
Rockbridge, for whom and for whose family, the
writer has often heard him express a very affection
ate regard. He had been a m nister of the Baptist
church for about a half century, and for forty-two
years he was the most beloved pastor of the Sandy
River church in Prince Edward. Until within a
few days of his death he occupied his pulpit. To
his sermons, to the latest period of his mini terial
life, he gave faithful and thoughtful preparation
His preaching was attractive, and always he was
faithful and instructive. Every member of his con
gregation held him in great reverence and unaffected
love; and no citizen was held, by the people of his
county, in a higher respect for the purity of his
character, than this, Christian gentleman.
Although his last days were marked with great
suffering, he was sustained to the end by that faith,
in the perfect and all sufficient merits of his Saviour
and Redeemer, which bad led him through life;
and, joyfully and triumphantly, he entered into that
rest which remaineth for the people of God. W.
Died, at Edgewood. Fluvanna county, Va.. on
the 7th of September, Lucy Munford, wife of Capt.
Wm. H. Holman, and daughter of the late YVm.
Galt, of Glenarvon.
Born to opulence and reared in luxury, this mos'
estimable woman was called to encounter the sad
reverses of fortune in which so many of the daugh
ters of the South were involved by a cruel war.—
For such a change, however, Christian nurture and
divine grace had well prepared her In her altered
circums ances she recognised the hand of Him who
doeth all things well, and who chastens those whom
he loves, because he loves and purposes to save
them. With such convictions she met her trials,
with a calm and cheerful acquiescence in God's will,
and addressed herself to her duty with an energy
and courage which commanded ihe admiration of all
her friends. Instead of reminding others by quer
ulous complaints f her deprivations, or of contrast
ing these with her early life of ease and affluence,
she left them to infer her former lot by a refined
ease and quiet dignity of manner, which proved her
a lady born.
But pecuniary losses and an altered style of living,
were the least of those trials with which it pleased
God to test the faith and patience of this noble
Christian woman. For years before her death she
had become the subject of frequent and severe ill
ness, arid of pain protracted and most acute.—
These bodily sufferings she endured with a meek
ness, patience and fortitude, which only a living
faith in Christ could have inspired. To God, as her
Covenant Redeemer, she had committed all her in
terests. bodily and spiritual, temporal and eternal,
and she realized in her most trying hours the value
of the promise, My grace is sufficient for thee; for
my strength is made perfect in weakness. That
strength was made perfect in her weakness, as those
who stood beside her sick and dying bed will ever
remember with adoring gratitude to God. She had
lived “by faith in the Son of God, who loved and
gave himself for her;’’ and in that faith she died,,
leaving behind her many a bleeding heart, which
while it mourns its loss as irreparable, can still adore
the grace which made Luoy Holman what she was
and which will s rive to say with the bereaved pa
triarch, “The Lord gave; and the Lord hath taken
away. Blessed be the name of the Lord J.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Receipts for Foreign Missions during October.
Synod of Alabama —Synodical collection, 90. Phy
of South i.buma. Preshyterial collection, 60.80:
Marion, 4 25; Selma, 41.45; Mrs. J. B. J., Iq; Jackson
ville, 4. Pby of Tuskaloosa. A., 20; a friend, 26c. 220 75
Synod of Arkansas.—Pby of Arkansas. Cotton
Plant 35 66; Augnsta, 34 60; Dardanelle, 17. Pby of
Ouachita. Mt Holly, 24; -Calvary, lo; H M., 6. 126 16
Synodof Georoia.— Synodical collection. Athens,
74 97. Pby of Atlanta. Long, (lane, 6.'9; Friend
ship, 2. Pby of Augusta. Eatonton. 4; Washing'on,
6 60 Pby of Cherokee. Roswell, 30; Bethel, Pres
byterial collection, 17 60. 146 jg
Syk,.d of Kentucky.— Pby of Louisville. Elizabeth
town S. S (for Messrs. Stuart and Helm,) 40; 1st ch.
S. s., Louisville, (for Messrs Stuart and Helm,) 30
10; 1st ch. Mission School, Louisville, (for Messrs
Stuart and Helm,) 4.10. Pby of West Lexington.—
Horeb, 7. 81 2o
Synod of Memphis.— Phy of Memphis Rev W. E.
B for Rev Mr. Rane, 26; churches of Memphis, 916.
Pby of North Miss ssippi Hope, 3. Pby of Wes
tern District. Trenton, 11.6"; Humboldt 6 70; Milan,
10 6o; Spring Creek, 6 20 Concord, 4; Shiloh, 165;
Miss Fannie McCoy’s pupiis, 9 45. 993 00
Synod of Mississippi —Pby of Mississippi.—
Hopewell, 13 60. Pby of New Orleans, Osyka,2.35.
Pby of Red River. Mansfield, 10. 26 86
Synod of Nashville.—Pby of North Alabama.
Bethauy, 27 90; A friend, 1.50; Mrs. M. M U., 2 60. 31 90
Synod of North Carolina.—Phy of Fayetteville,
2 20 Pby of Mecklenburg Mrs. F. 1) I) 10; Steele
t treek, 36-, Asheville S. S for Spencer Academy, 6.25 62 45
Synod of Sodth Carolina.—Pby of Bethel. Beer
sheba, 4.28; S Hem, 13; Purity, 47 88 Pby of Charles
ton. 2d ch., Charleston, 40; Charleston, 6; hdis
to Island, 11.10. Pby of Harmony. Horeb, 2 80;
Lebanon, 5; Manning mo con col 3 70; Salem (B.
R mo. con. col 16 65 Salem (L R.) 10; Manning,
6 22; Marion. 7 85; Beaver Creek, 2.65; Florence, 30;
-L, 25. Pby of South Carolina. Spartanburg,
mo. con. col 7 25; Washington St., Greenville, 11..
76; Abbeville, mo. con. col 8.50; O. G 6 50. 266 85
Synod of Texas.—Pby of Western Texas. Mrs. H.
O. W., 6 00
Synodof ViR«iNiA.--Pby of Abingdon. New Dub
lin, 10 60; Draper’s Valley, 29. Pby of Greenbrier.
Lewisburg, additional, 1 62; Carmel, 10; Salem, 11;
Frarikford, 18 23; Baxter, 5; Spring Creek, 8; Little
Charlie Rader, 60 cts. Pby of Lexington. Lexing
ton, loo. Pby of Montgomery New London, add.,
6; A member of Salem, 1 Pby of Roanoke. Provi
dence, 176 Pby of W. Hanover Amherst, 10 95. 212 66
Miscellanrocs.—Offering of the widow and fath
erless, 3; Waynesboro,” Va., iO; N. T. Leonard,
Westfield, Mass., special donation for Mr. 1 ’olton, 22;
St I-onis, 62; Widow and fatherless, for Boys’
School lot in Hanchou, 4 25. 91 26
Total, $2,466 91
James Woodrow, Treasurer.
Receipts for Mission Schools during October,
Synod of Alabama.—Pby of S. Alabama. Tallade
ga Sabbath School, 14 00
Synod of Arkansas.—Pby of Arkansas. Cotton
Plants S, 34 80
Synodof Georoia—Pby of Augnsta. Washing
ton S. s., 1.26. Pby of savannah. Fieinington S. S.,
I 60; 1st ch. S. S., Savannah, 8. 10 75
Synod of Kentucky —Pby of Central Ohio. Wa
terford S. S 6.63. Pby 01 Muhlenburg. Bowling
Green S S., 6 25. H 73
Synod of Nashville.—Pby of Holston. Mossy
Creek, 7 M
Synodof North Carolina.—Pby of Mecklenburg.
Miss Sue Baker’s class, Steele Creek S. S., 1 22
Synod of Sudth Carolina.—Pb\ of Harmony Mrs.
Commander’s S. S 1.75; Mt Zion S. S 8 30; Centre
Point S. S 2 Pby of S. Carolina. Liberty Spring
S S., 16.15; Spartanburg S. S., 10 75; Abbeville S. S.,
3 3 38 25
Synod of Virginia Pby of E. Hanever. Maggie
C. W., 2; Fredericksburg S S., 19 10. Pby of Mont
gomery Salem S S 14.67. Pby of West Hanover.
Charlottesville S S., 12. Pbv of Winchester. Lou
doun St. S. S., Winchester, 18.90. 66 67
Total, $182 47
James Woodrow, Treasurer.
Commercial Matters.
WHOLESALE MARKETS.
Tuesday, November 21, 1871.
Revised and corrected by Thomas J. Spencer,
General Commission Merchant, Tobacco Exchange,
Richmond.
Gold—Selling, 111}. Silver—Selling, 110.
Tobacco Uarket.
Lugs, $6@$8 50; Primings, $2 50@$5; Com
mon Shipping Leaf, $6.50@10 Pine Shipping, $10
@16; Common Wrappers, $6@12; Fine Bright
Wrappers, $15@65.
Fro visions.
Bacon.—Sides, 9@9}c. Shoulders, 8@8}c.;
plain hams, 16@18c.; canvassed hams, 18c
Floor.—Superfine, $7.60@8; Extra, $8@8.25;
Family, $9.
Meal—Bolted, 95c@$l.
Sugar.—Crushed, 14J®15c.; refined extra “C."
13c.; brown, ]l®13c.
Molasses.—Cuba. 26®27e.; Porto Rico, 60076c.
Butter.—Fresh country, 25@30c.;.Common 20@
23c.
Salt—Alum, $2.10; Liverpool, $2 60.
Candles.—Sperm, 40c.; adamantine, 18@16c.;
tallow, 15c.
Beks Wax—28c.
Hat—Timothy prime, $1.20@$1.26. Clover hay,
95@*1.
Wool—Washed, 65®65c.; unwashed, 80®45c.
Grain.—Wheat, white prime, $1.60®1.b7 red,
$1.60®1.67; corn, 66®76c.; oats, 65®80c.; rye,
$L
Flax Seed.—$1.90®$2. Clover Seed, $8@8.25;
Herd grass seed, $2.
Fish.—Mackerel,No. 1, $27@28; kits, $3.60@6;
Herrings, $6@7J.
Fresh Meats, Ac.—Beef, nett, 6®9c.; mutton,
$2@6 a piece; pork, 8@9 cts., nett.
Lard—12@13 cents.
Eggs—Per dozen, 23@25 cents.
Chickens—16@35 cents.
Dried Apples—8® 18c.; peaches, 12@14c.
Cotton—20@25 cents.
Feathers—50@75 cents.
Lime—$1.66@$1.70.
Tickings—13@30 cents.
Cotton Oznaburgs—12J@14 cents.
Brown Shirtings—4-4, 12i@16; 9®10c.
Timber—Virginia Pine, seasoned, $20@26.
Shingles—Virginia heart, $3®6.
Staves—Whiskey barrel staves, no sale; flour
barrel staves, $7®8.
Guano—Peruvian, $77; Pacific, $54.
WANTED, by a LADY thoroughly competent
and experienced, a Situation as TEACHER
in a private iamily or college.
Address CHRISTIANA,
no 16—3t Petersburg, Va.
FREE TO BOOK AGENTS.
We will send a handsome Prospectus of our New
1 lustrated Family Bible containing over 200 fine
Scripture Illustrations to any Book Agent, tree of
charge
Address National Publishing Co.,
no 22—lm Philadelphia, Pa.
QARDOZO, FOURQUREAN, A CO.,
Opposite Post Office, Richmond, Va.
Have just received large additions to their Stock
of D8.ESS GOODS, SILKS, CLOAKS, SHAWLS,
LACES, NECK-TIES, Ac. Their stock of
BLACK GOODS
is larger and more varied than usual, containing
every style and variety worn in this market; all of
which
will be sold very low.
no 22—tf
(g AMPLES.
HAMILTON EASTER SONS,
Baltimore, Md.
Desiring to continue serving their friends at the
South, will send SAMPLES (marked with width and
price of each) of any kind of _
DRY GOODS
Of English, French or American manufacture. We
will pay Express freight on all purchases from us
amounting to
$20 and over,
but parties whose orders are unaccompanied by the
cash (either Bank check or Post office order) must
pay the Express Company for the return of money
in seitlement of their bill,
no 22—ly
Two Oolors, on superb Tinted Pater.
Four Hundred Engravings of Flowers, Plants
and Vegetables, with Descriptions, and TWO
COLORED PLATES.-Directions and
Plans for making Walks, Lawns, Gardens,
&e.-The handsomest and best Floral
Guide in the World.-All for Ten
Cents, to those who think of buying Seeds.
-Not a quarter the cost-200,000 sold
of 1871. Address
JAMES TICK, Rochester, IV. Y.
no 22—3t
JOHN W. RISON,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGGIST,
Corner Main and Third Sts., Richmond, Va.
The attention of Country Merchants and others is
asked to our stock of Drugs, Medicines, Chemicals,
Oils, Paints, Window Glass, Putty, Toilet Articles
and Perfumery.
We offer special inducements and promise prompt
attention to all orders.
oc 4—tf JOHN W. RISON.
or Cincinnati. Q<
pbcoe\ Company’s
10 r 100 u». of wiu paint as much
1
Baltimore mill stone manu
factory,
AND Y“*®“
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
Dealers in
Bolting Cloths, Belting, Smut Machines, &c.
B. F. STARR CO.,
my 10—ly 173 North St, Baltimore, Md.
LANCASTER CO.,
STOCK AMD EXCHANGE BROKERS
AND BANKERS,
Main Street between 11th and 12th streets.
DEAL in Bonds, Stocks, Exchange Gold, Silver
and Banknotes. Receive Deposits. Negotiate loans,
aug 1—lv
GRAHAM WILSON,
Of Rockbridge Co., Va.,
WITH
P. E. WILSON.
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
(In Corn and Flour Exchange Block,)
Richmond, Va.
Pay particular attention to the sale of TOBACCO,
WHEAT, FLOUR, and all kinds of country produce.
Prompt returns guaranteed.
Liberal advances made on consignments.
Grain bags furnished free of charge,
my 24—6m
WOOD AND COAL.
YARD AND OFFICE
Corner 7th and Main Streets.
Constantly on r and the best seasoned Oak and
Pine WOOD.
Anthracite, Clover Hill, and Midlothian COAL,
at lowest market prices,
an 4—6m J. R. F. BURROUGHS.
TURNIP SEED.—Fresh and
to come true to name.
genuine—and sure
RUT A BAG A, LARGE NORFOLK,
RED TOP, WHITE GLOBE,
EARLY WHITE, FLAT DUTCH.
FLAVORING SEEDS of all kinds.
Iv 6—tt
PALMER TURPIN
No. 1626 Main street, Richmond,
Va.
^NTHRACITE
AND
COAL
BITUMINOUS
OAK AND PINE WOOD.
S. H. HAWES,
mr 29—ly 18th and Cary Sts., Richmond.
IMPROVED INSTRUMENT FOR LAND
SURVEYING.
INVENTED BT
J. M. LILLEY, Staunton, Virginia.
THIS INSTRUMENT has been adopted at the
United States Military Academy, West Point; Wash
ington College, Va., and many of the leading Insti
tutions of learning of the country, and is recom
mended by the Professors of Mathematics and En
gineering, and by Practical Surveyors who have
used it, as superior to any instrument now in use for
the purposes for which it is designed.
Send for Circular containing description of In
strument, price list and recommendations.
Orders filled promptly.
Address R. D. A J. C. LILLEY,_
Staunton, Virginia.
Or the following Agents: Messrs. Stackpole A
Bro., 41 Fulton Street, New York; R. W. Carroll
Co., Cincinnati, Ohio; J. P. Morton A Co., Lou
isville, Ky., A. S. Aloe, St. Louis, Mo.
fob 2—tf
l
ME FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES.
Farmers wanting LIME would do well, in view of
present high freights, to have it delivered this win
ter, when tre ghts will be lower. Payments to be
made in the spring, or longer, if required, to re
sponsible parties.
BOWEN MERCER,
Lime Burners, No. 66 S. Gay street,
oc 26 1m Baltimore.
ATCHES AND JEWELRY.
C. GENNET,
1011 Main Street, Richmond, Ya.
All the latest designs in
WATCHES, JEWELRY, and SILVER GOODS.
New and Beautiful Goods for
PRESENTATION.
for
WEDDING and BIRTHDAYS,
FRIENDSHIP and AFFECTION,
sep 6—8m
Attention, Agents! Think of This!!
Wonderful Success!! 30,000
Copies of Brockett's History of the Franco-German
War sold first 60 days. It now contains a full his
tory of the Red Rebellion in Paris, making nearly
600 pages and 160 elegant illustrations, and will sell
five times faster than heretofore. Price, only $2.60.
Incomplete works, written in the interest of the
Irish and French, are being offered with old illus
trations, and, for want of merit, claiming to be offi
cial, etc. Beware of such. Brockett's in both Eng
lish and German, is the most impartial, popular,
reliable, cheap and fast selling work extant. Look
to your in'erests, strike quickly aad you can coin
money. Circulars free, and terms excelled by none.
Address J. W. GOODSPEED CO
37 Park Row, N. Y., or 148 Lake St., Chicago,
feb 22—ly
CANFIELD, BROTHER CO.,
No. 229 Baltimore St., Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
WALTHAM WATCHES.
These Watches have a reputation fully established,
and are sold at a less profit than any competing
Watches in the market.
We also keep a full stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
Diamonds, Rich Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Ware,
Triple Silver-Plated Ware,
Forks. Spoons, Knives,
Clocks. Bronzes, Vases,
Opera Glasses,
Fans and Fine Fancy Goods.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs,
oc 18—ly
J^ISON’S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for RISON’S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician
“I certify that I commenced using Rison’s To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869, and after using
six or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, all desire for tobacco was eradicated, after
being an inveterate tobacco chewer and smoker for
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumfrey’s, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oc 4—tf
BAPTIZED FIRE.
THE
Chicago Phenix.
A UNIVERSAL NEWSPAPER.
Head the following.
A popular weekly paper for the times, embracing
the leading features of those journals destroyed by
the terrible conflagration, and combining just such
a corps of writers as will give the public all the news
of the week, in a condensed compilation of the lead
ing journals of the nation, and the world.
A TRUTHFUL, RECORD.
The Phenix will be the most truthful and reliable
recorder of incidents and facts concerning the great j
fire, ever published.
ACCOUNTS OF THE FIRE.
It will contain only such accounts as are vouched
for by reliable witnesses, and will correct the erro
neous and fabricated statements of sensational
writers.
CHICAGO AND THE NEWS.
It will, for a time, be devoted especially to the
past, present and future of Chicago, besides being
the most complete weekly newspaper in the world.
FIRESIDE COMPANION AND NEWSPAPER.
Its columns are devoted to News, Commerce,
Science, Literature. Art, Drama, Music, Humor.
Pastime, Poetry, Fashion, Society news, and enough
of Romance to make it a most desirable fireside
companion, as well as the most reliable and com
plete newspaper for the business man in the count
ing-room.
BEAUTIFUL ILLUSTRATIONS.
It will be illustrated with engravings taken from
Photographs of the Chicago Ruins, instead of
sketches “By Our Special Artist” who was not
“on the spotand thus give a series of perfect
views, not obtainable elsewhere, and the first num
ber will contain the only correct map of the burned
city.
happy nouRS.
That beautiful literary journal, “Happy Hours,’’
whose publisher was the first to issue a paper to
meet the public demand, after the awful fire, has
been merged into the literary department of the
Phenix, which will embrace the contributions of
more than sixty of the most popular writers of the
day.
A SPECIAL FEATURE.
The Phenix will contain, as an especial feature, a
more complete record of incidents and results of
the late terrible fire, than can be found in any book,
paper or other publication in the country. So nu
merous and inaccurate have been the accounts sent
forth, that something reliable and readable is eager
ly sought at this time, and The Phenix will fill the
bill.
A PAPER FOR THE PEOPLE.
The Phenix is the cheapest paper in America,
being an eight page, forty column weekly, at only
two dollars a year: in fact it shall be the paper for
the people and the times.
THE FIRST NUMBER.
The first number will be issued on Saturday. Nov.
11th, and will be the paper wanted by every body,
as a record worth preserving or to send away, and
for its accurate illustrations.
ITS BASIS.
It is a consolidation of other journals, and there
fore on a solid foundation, continuing their former
circulation.
NEW SUBSCRIBERS.
To any person who gets us three new subscribers,
we will send The Phenix for one year tree, or one
of our beautiful prize, steel plate engravings worth
$2.50.
PREMIUMS.
For the purpose of rapidly increasing our sub
scription list before the close of the present year,
we will give to every person who subscribers for the
Phenix during the month of November, a beautiful
steel plate engraving, worth $2.60, half a dollar
more than the price of subscription. No such op
portunity was ever before given, and probably never
will be again. Avail yourself of it. Engravings
will be promptly «nd safely sent by mail or delivered
at this office, as subscribers may w.sh.
SUBSCRIBE NOW.
Send in your names and subscriptions at once,
and sustain this great, newspaper enterprise. Price
of subscription only $2 per year. Single copies 5
cents. Agents wanted everywhere.
PHENIX PUBLISHING CO.,
62 West Madison Street,
Chicago, 111.
no 16—ly
James Gordon. John N. Gordon, Jr
JOHN N. GORDON'S SONS,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
AND
DEALERS IN METALS, GRINDSTONES, Ac.
Pearl Blook, Fourteenth Street,
Between Main and Cary Streets,
RICHMOND, VA.
no 1—6m
Sewing machines for the
DESTITUTE
DESIRING to do my part toward helping the
needy, and believing that systematic and diversified
charity is the most affective to accomplish good, 1
therefore propose to furnish a SEWING MACHINE
to one worthy person who has to earn a living bv
sewing, in the bounds of each congregation ot all
denominations in the States of Virginia and North
Carolina, at a reduction of ONE-THIRD FROM
RETAIL PRICE. One order from a member of
each congregation, certified to by the pastor or the
officers in charge as a worthy object of benevolence,
will be filled at one-third less than the usual price
on the price list.
Address JAMES E. A. GIBBS,
Willcox A Gibbs S. M., Office Ninth and
oo 11—8m Bank Streets, Richmond, Va.
504
THOMAS H. STANFORD, Jr.,
SHOE EMPORIUM,
604 West Baltimore Street,
504
BALTIMORE, Md.
First class SHOES for LADIES, MISSES and
CHILDREN, manufactured expressly for our retail
sales at low prices. Warranted.
Ladles' Lasting Button Hoots, patent leather Vamps, $3 8(1
44 44 Laced Boots 44 44 44 2 7fi
44 Button Boots, Ktd Y&mps, 8 26
44 44 Laced 44 44 2 60
44 Plain Lasting Button Boots, 2 76
44 44 44 Laced 44 2 26
Ladies’ elegant hand sewed Shoes made to order,
and perfection of fit guaranteed. Goods sent to any
part of the country, per order, C. 0 D.
Orders by mail promptly attended to.
mar 8 ly
GREAT CHANCE FOR AGENTS—D<
22 you want an agency, local or traveling, with ar
■B opportunity to make $6 to $20 a day selling
SB our new 7 strand White Wire Clothes Lines1
2S I hey last forever; samples free so there is nc
B 'sk. Address at once Hddson Rivkk Wiri
woi.ks, corner Water Street and Maiden Lane, N.
York, or 16 Dearborn Street, Chicago, III.
au 23—6m
W, H. H. ADKISS0N,
BOOKSELLER, STATIONER AND PRINTER,
224 West Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, Md.
We have in stock SCHOOL BOOKS,
Southern Presbyterian HYMN BOOKS,
and a general variety of
CHILDREN’S BOOKS.
All of which are offered at the lowest market price.
Printing Neatly and Promptly Executed.
Country Merchants would do well to call and ex
amine eur Stock belore purchasing elsewhere.
All orders will be promptly filled,
my 10—ly
1,000 VOLUMES.
CAREFULLY examined and pronounced to be
in every way suitable for
SUNDAY SCHOOL LIBRARIES.
SOLD AT LOWEST RATES
AND
WARRANTED TO PLEASE.
Everything requisite or desirable for
SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
For sale by
T. L. D. WALFORD,
Depository American Tract Society,
914 Main St., Richmond, Va.
Send for our CATALOGUE.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED,
je 21—tf
ANEW STYLE BOOT (Patented Feb
ruaryBd 1871,) of French Calf, stitched
to order for $7.60. All styles, own make, for4
Gents, in store, 48 Fayette St., one door west of
North St., Baltimore, Md. J. 8. LEWIS,
mr 1—ly
Old Established Troy Bell Foundry,
TROY, N. YORK.—(Established 1852,) a large
assortment of Church, Academy, Fire Alarm,
and other Bells, constantly on hand and made to
order. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper and
Tin.) Hung with Rotary Mountings, the best and
most durable ever used. All Bells Warranted
Satisfactory.
Large Illustrated Catalogue sent free upon
application to JONES CO., Troy, N. Y.,
or, 109 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois,
my 24—ly
THE MENEELY BELL FOUNDERY.
(Established in 1826.)
BELLS for Churches, Academies.
Factories, etc., of which more have
been made at this establishment
than at all the other foundries in the
country combined. All Bells war
ranted An illustrated catalogue sent free ucon ap
plication to E. A. G. R. MENEELY,
jy 6—ly West Troy, N. Y.
.BUCKEYE BELL FOUNDRY,’
1 Established In 1887.
Superior Bolls for Churches,
Schools, etc., of Pn re Cop*
per and Tin, fullr war
ranted, and mounted with
our Latest Improved
Rotary Hangings, tho
best in uso.
f jIllustrated Catalogue sent free*
W VANDUZEN k TIFT,
102 101K. 8ecoud St., Cincinnati,
my 11
JOSHUA REGISTER SONS,
BALTIMORE.
BELL AND BRASS WORKS.
MAKE THE BEST BELLS IN USE.
53 55 Holliday Street, Baltimore, Md.
ap 12 ly
Wire Railing and Ornamental
WIRE WORKS.
DUFUR CO.,
36 North Howard Street, Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture Wire Raitinb tor Cemeteries, Balco
nies, &c Sieves. Fenders, Cages, Sand and
Coal Screens, Woven Wire, &c.
Also, Iron Bedsteads, Chairs, Settees, Ac., &C.
ap 26—ly
RUIT AND ORNAMENTAL TREES.
HERMITAGE NURSERIES,
Richmond, Va.
THE VIRGINIA NURSERY AND WINE
COMPANY.
Proprietor of these widely-known Nurseries have
removed their office to Columbian Block. (Corn Ex
change,) Room No. 2, Second Floor, corner 13th
and Cary streets.
The stock tor the fall trade is unusually fine,
large and well-grown, embracing a full assortmem
of Apple, Peach. Pear, Plum, Cherry, and othei
Fruit Trees as well as small Fruits, Grape-vines
Asparagus, together with Ornamental Trees, Ever
greens, Shrubbery, Ac &c.
For Catalogues and information, call at office o:
address
JOHN M. ALLAN, General Agent,
No 2, Columbian Block,
sep 27—3m Richmond, Va.
JAMES ARMSTRONG CO.
27, 28, 31 Concord St 6, 8, 10 W. Falls Avenue,
Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture and keep constantly on hand thei
celebrated brands of FAMILY SOAPS, embracinj
BEST FAMILY, MAMMOTH LAUNDRY,OHEMXOAI
OLIVE, AND WOMAN’S FRIEND, &o.
All of which are warranted pure and equl to any
Northern soaps now on the market,
ap 26—6m
THOMAS J. SPENCER,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.
Office,—Tobacco Exchange.
i’LES, SHOT-GUNS, REVOLVERS, GUI
dATERlAL. Write tor Price List, to Grka
iRN Uun Works, Pittsburgh. Pa. Army Guns
vers, &c., bought or traded for.
nts wanted^ jy 26—6m
SMITH'S
AMERICAN ORGANS.
UNEQUALLED
IN POWER
AND
BEAUTY or TONE.
1
r

Prioes from
$100 to $1,000.
Call at
SLEIGHT HOWARD’S
Piano and Organ W&rerooms,
1011 Main St.,
my 24—tf Richmond, Va.
SIXTY-FIVE FIRST PRIZE MEDALS AWARDED.
THE GREAT
SOUTHERN PIANO
Manufactory.
MM. KNABE CO.,
MANUFACTURERS OF
GRAND, SQUARE AND UPRIGHT'
PIANO FORTES,
Baltimore, Md.
These Instruments have been before the Publio
for nearly Thirty Years, and upon their excellence
alone attained an unpurchased pre-eminence, which
pronounces them unequaled, in
TONE,
TOUCH.
WORKMANSHIP
And DURABILITY.
All our Square rianos have our New Im
proved Ovkrstrunq Scale and the Agraffe Trebl*.
We would call special attention to our late Pa
tented Improvements in GRAND PIANOS and
SQUARE GRANDS, found in no other Piano,
which bring the Piano nearer Perlection than has
yet been attained.
Every Piano Fully Warranted for Five Years.
We are by special arrangement enab'ed to furnish
PARLOR ORG.JNS and MKLODEoNS of the
most celebrated makers, Wholesale and Jietail at
lowest Factory Prices.
Illustrated Catalogues and Prico Lists promptly
furnished on application to
WM. KNABE CO.,
Baltimore, Md.,
Or to Woodhouse Parham, Sole Agents,
no 8—4m Richmond, Va.
M
ASON HAMLIN,
CABINET ORGANS,
At BENTEEN’S,
80 West Fayette Street, Baltimore, Md.
Send lor illustrated Catalogue,
Address D. M. ROBB.
mar 8—ly
CCTEINWAY SONS,
CELEBRATED PIANO-FORTES.
THESE Pianos, now universally acknowledged to
be the best and most durable manufactured in any
part of the world, can be seen in variety, and care
fully forwarded to any address by
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
ap 19—tf Richmond, Va.
Heavy merino under shirts
ONE DOLLAR each.
For sale by
E. B. SPENCE SON,
Merchant Tailors, Clothiers and Dealers in Gentle*
mens Furnishing Goods.
1300 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
THEY have the largest Stock of CLOTHS. CAS
SIMKRES and VESTINGS found south of the Po-
tomac, and with the best cutters nud workmen, can
and do guarantee perfect satisfaction to all that
favor them with a call.
Agents tor the celebrated PEMBROKE SHIRTS
and DRAWERS. mar 8—tf
JOHN BOWERS,
SUCCESSOR TO
YALE, BOWERS YALE,
Iron Front Building, Governor Street,
RICHMOND, VA.,
MANUFACTURER AND WHOLESALE A RETAIL DEALER IN
TIN, SHEET IRON AND COPPER WARE,
Stovos, Ranges and Hot Air Furnaoes,
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
Gas Chandeliers, Parlor Grates and Fenders, Pumps
and Hydraulic Rams, all kinds and siz“B of
Lead, Wrought Iron and Drain Pipes.
Roofing, Plumbing, Gas and Steam Fitting.
Also the celebrated
IMPROVED DIAMOND FIRE PLACE STOVE,
For heating three or more rooms. 250 to 800
now in use in the city.
ap 19—ly
L. P. BROCKETT'S popular history of the
Bloody Franco-German War
Now containing a full account of the
Fearful Reign of Terror in Paris
Is selling beyond all precedent:
It is by far the most reliable and only complete and
impartial history of that mighty struggle and its
i momentous results. 642 pages, nearly 150 spirited
illustrations, price only $2 60. 60,000 copies al
i ready sold. It is issued in both English and Ger
man. and is beyond question the fastest selling book
extant. Wide awake, energetic agents wanted.—
t Terms extra, and treights prepaid
r Address HUBBARD BROS, Publishers,
sep 6—ly 723 Sanson Street Philadelphia.
VTEW PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY.
1 W. G. It. FItAYSER
has opened a now and splendid
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY,
IN
STEARN’S BUILDING, No. 1011 Main street,
immediately opposite the post office,
to which he invites the attention of his
friends and the public generally.
The Gallery is fitted up in the most handsome
style, and supplied with the instruments of the new
est and most improved patterns, including
DALLMEYER’S NEW PATENT PORTRAIT LENS.
Having himself been in the business since 1862,
(latterly with Messrs. C. R. Rees Co.,) and
horouglily understanding it in all its departments,
he feels satisfied that with the aid of the competent
artists which he has in his employment, entire satis
faction will be given to his pa rons.
Photographs will be taken in every style known
to the art, and finished in the neatest and best style.
Orders for Life-Size Pictures executed upon
canvas, finished in Oil Colors, India Ink, Crayon, or
Water Colors Also Rembrandt’s and Medallion
Cards-Devisite, _
W. G. R. FRAYSER.
ftU9—tf 1011 Main itr.jfoj