THE ADVOCATE
__OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE NATIONAL LABOR UNION.
A OL. III. C. CAM tiHON, fv, soVTHHCLAKKP8TRBETrOK CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 11, 1871. ====:====1=:^==:==:=:TiRlvis XT/. T
_- —rT- M ____ _ •ix.xvaiQ, 1 Single corns s cn. NO. 4
THE tiESHAN UlllLIMi HELLS.
rta« Paa:>ai Urraiia Walwlat Via
cta-rhilr utrai taaikllat K-t.k
liakmeali Nona* al iktlr Scaatiaal
Dolma. _
It v Hr lieuei'a leiter.i» ;tb- B-t .a Con
gregaiiODatisl.
TLire toingsfeem to be •--coital to a drat
c as- Altering plan*: stpac o' some alia r
mil qnilty. music, and gsinMirg fieilitlea.
Tnere ar- in *-e -pa- wu:ca are (specially
fain as: yVic-btdca, tl lubarg, and Baden
Baden.
W e na«l>-n j. g town o’ l ‘tie more lean HU,
0U0 lobabi’so'e tin l-sei waa capita o! me
Ducn»olN» ai.au- 'co,deice the Dike
is one oft- e ude t *d' g ucts in Huropt;
ana retains i pe pu an'r, in the lace or an
corco-ti'ior, 'o 'be is1 nt o' acme SiOUO
aunuil visit rs- 1 in- lb *aun spiiega, and
two cold ones, ibc cup f oi these is the
Kochbiunm n which a boilirg spring of
the temperature oi lib Fabr. and tastes very
much 1 kr cuickeu hr. lb—cot over strong of
the crick, n I Is u-ert for drinking ss well
as for ba'tuig, ou’ 1 'urge; was’, m pirticn
lar, :t is tu p ».J to be good for. One
tumb tr-fUii cured tne. The place—
with it- briget s'u coed villas-reminds
one of some of cur AmTicau t ads;
hod tjere are exlcn-ive grou ds. ebarmincy
laid cut anil epen io promenade. Inc neigh
borhood is a delight u: one. and the euc oemg
hills are cro-tied vi-nr-ejirl- which—i ke
the 'atnous Ifahheimrr— are noted ibe world
over for 'he r violate*.
Hombutg ia -mailer and more recent. It
reminded me. in it- c. uiparative newness and
obvion- rapidity o gro -in, s'roagly of Sara
toga. It is reached in ac te ur by rail (r >m
Frankfort-on-’be vf'in 1 b‘S a permanent
popu atiin oi from imu to s ooo waich is
doubled caring the -uuaier by be-lth and
pleasure-setkeie. Tnere are eba ybea’e
springs, aud a Very hoe c-Id hubo! og sel'x r
fountain aid'be china e is more agre able
in hot A.atber than tbat oi it* principal
rivals, Inasmuch as (here is a’ nost always a
fine current ot air dra-lng through the
town
Biden Burn nut he conceded to bold the
pa m for nautv ft is on- of 'he tnort charm
ing. v si'natcd an* omturesque towi-s 1 have
ever Seen It lies aMride tb- ntUe river Ojs,
al' ne en'nmce the Blsck F ireet, and ia
surreu ul<d wil'i tir rlad bills winch recede at
various aeg es, and oiler, iu me Vueis which
wind anieii'g tnem, a coi'rruallv varying
qua'ify of neautt T-e contribution* oi
maty >*irs of t stetul xp-nd'ure are seen in
bni 'dints aid ground* and there man at
tractive mix:u-e of the old and simple w:lb
the new and gorgeous Tn-reish re a reel
dent po| ulauon oi about 8 DUO, w.tb some
thing ik 50.UO0 an ua'. visitors. I Is need
less to add tbat in many par ot ibe town
every bouse is hotel or boarding bouse.
Here-gain the spun.* .re not, but wiiu no
particular taste Said to be good for gout,
rteuma ism. dy* iwosia. etc. ah 1 know
about mem tbat tbey are not “good to
drink
I have mentioned fx;; tunc besides spaa,
as ni'tltal lo ft# sac- >i 01 (I -rmao water
log-piac-*. Tkeie l< idis.c in abundance si eaco
cf tbe three towns I m here describing Bat nil
would be i»f mill jcoant witoout tbe gi«s*.
a tab Ins b uww wtrteh are to .be s»aj n.l| me
central attraction i.f this lent of file and
wHicfc are pen 'r m 11 a until midnight
<0T, when there s a Da 1, so out a* the ball
mtyUsf) of ry day in tbe i-ek, except
that, wltn a rea'lT ouchir.g yrj. they are
Closed on 6u:i2ay dur nit tte Hours of divine
ae* et-'e a I d. n- ores? and indeed
Officially; ue pl*>i k b-Ing tiprraslf ander
the sa[ v iu i>. simrcaeit a. err, to
wr-cm .1 uiapatv# ar“ .aruteoiaieiy re erred
tor Seat dev.»io'.
it wcu d tie c ard to dreed tbe marnfl
ceu. e—still ms. say. uciee i. tae xqai-ite
t»r* _f tio rre»r tale* of u d ne*. The
Kursi.' a' H •mbwrg het.ic tne ntwest. and
hru to c staid a.'H n.'fi ictrtu lb
me pnMic untut of g el Eg c s* act re, is li
a men ta ’be Ha the principal
.a .ue, r>l feel
a a bzh At t.s tu B iden,
Wb:rh was t octtid in IS24 is decorated wilh a
cfeees* atid erca ce stsa lew palacca
which I have -e h~ve equil d. Servants,
with smaztig C.-ve* u> eir legs, dnsaed in
me c. stumc ol the t me of L uts X.IV.,
abound.
The planing is oftwo k.nd-t a: nml* a-d
at ferule if viMiriNte N ver havtae t mud tcy
self comp -.cut to teiro ’bed flerenre between
cce card at, I another, and trente ft pwrnnte
heic p aved With cards, 1 conlesa mysrli
uua le to explain tbe tevster; s of th.s latter
irame; xcept to state mat >r. us p »vtd upon a
lore tab e, upon w ,ch it.e fuflerera place
the r money, with the retUit tha., ep-iareutly
more than i.aif the tune, tne t ank lakes it in,
•nd the ’Ofere cat: uoh eg ageiuet it, be
cause t it done ac."'»t ug to tne roles.”
Kou'tttt, 1 fr.’i k 1 uLd- rs’S’id better. It is
playcO also upo a loci; *i!c tu tbe center of
which revolves («lnt m r td) a wheel per
haps two feel in am- r. e circum er
euce ia ti.vldeJ i..r» :1b compartments
numberiog from l to 3d, with 0
and 00 Tb--l tu r> follow each
o.b-r as rr ijiirly p> sttile, and
ouebt!! of them ire r I and -ie o tier ball
black. retch n; Item me wheel toward
each end cf ti., ..n'c, a -f.r e lung columns
of figures o’ twelve each, flit lumbers beiLif
•amped uo.-o cloth, earn in he center of
its own small sq-i-ve— u- :hr*.e columns cor
responding to X agn.-e* -.n tbe wheel.
’wo laid* r ”i r-p c u rg 'he z'-ro,
t end iLf. ’hr- c c UU1C-. O its dr these row-,
tile space on r ’sole 1 .e.d-d into taree
coflBbU'tcjent- r spec'iv*- v. I in one side)
pnv [i e rj lean half(. ,<wvr vecj aid
noi, [i.a r] it. 1 o the r. mam/ite [le-a
than call] nnp-or [ai v r) sul rum/e [red].
And at ti e er.d, Ut '.tree -qur- s milked f.
12 [premkr d"Mt or Smt ’we.vr] M. 12,
[auiodfe ta- vt] nco 11. 12, [Iasi
twelve], A l it*: r a. y the play,
ers ure invif d to ••moke their
yanii*,” ,-.rd [tor d *o d.i .0 -v lay Eg do»n
tee scot of u no y *ucy wispej lo s*aks,i ituer
(1) up u. the z .1, or double z n fqusrea, or
upon or-e oltue ‘a;rlv- ix uemb.-rs (2) upon
toe “rtU” or Mack, odd” or •-even,” or
meue tbui bit;.” or 'em than hill
f-qnsr-> (3) h,i n tie 1-t 12” 21 12,”or
•3d 12” squares. #beu be moucy u all
down, the op-, itor aruir s ire woerl in oue
direc’ioi, and ns a small 'ml. of the i x: ol
a Tjarl le id oppeil direction upon a
c rcu’tr cell d place sure, uuo.hKibc whst-l,
with the rer-u tLa- a: the bail loses its
momertuai I m ,-t 'a 1 in up-iQ the wheel,
edr H l'o- lac "i artaenit—
tte number -i ro'fir of which t-e at one
unces I nut t-e, f r example, “So. ti,
color riu tu caa if anyo, ay bis placed
bis dec up tie. r irreSDOnd D»j
squar- t ncubi r u li. the ‘act psjs him
fJ5timesfbe auionuL.ms stake. If any
body has p.'- Its iuo!.-t t[«-i the square
marked the l 12 h- tu ube: 0 b mg lu the
first of lie fi r 12 w en k tbe whole
unrulier 36), the ba-k pijs u!m twice the
txoir. o: i. i kc. l'anyb dy bas p'aced
bis money ipou tbe ntuve ni.rksd
red, 'be bank pays bin 'be amount
of his stake, if auyb'dy has placed
bis tno .tv upon the “even,” ,,r "arsl taif”
squ res, (0 beicn an even i.unjb'r and in the
fl-st half of 36) t ,e hiEk psjs b on ’.aestnonut
of his stake. AH other stak th bank rakes
into its own treasury. Or rather. 1 should
aay, that there are one or t»o other posai
bbities of winning—-.ucb a< if su has placed
bis money astride tbe hoe winch separates
from swine other number, or at Uie foot
of the column Id which ••8" Is contained,
emal gain is paid tome player.
Hero it »i! he seen at once, on the one
hand, that the temp* at'on to tae it experienced
person to play is v. ry great and on tae other,
that the security mat, ip 'he long ran, the
bet k most win immensely mere than It lores,
is as abso ute as the laws of ra'u-e them
selves. The green-horn aigu«s luos:
••1 pat down $1 on No. 6 it wine I get ftlti
where 1 bad one b fort 1 mk lonn th-r
upon the rex! winning nutnh-r ard g.t It jjai
rimy II cnee more repeated 1 get 145 890
tor iu> $1 1 am a rich man tn three mmut-s
hyjUilon.y three turns o' ilie wheel, f.r
the paltry risk of ore dollar!” But In the im
menre majo'ttv of cases, nj euch extracdl
uary u-k tal s to h m. Iu ihe 1 irger number
the ban triumphantly rsk -s od all tbes ak
exeej t that it hentgirandy postpones until
n-xt torn the doom of those which lie upon
the col t of the a ro wnicu ems up. The
practicil remit—and I con'issJo have closely
wa’ched it at odd biurs now aid then, tor the
last w-ek ('or it was a new sight to me)—ia
that agr-at crow.'of people coyer tee table
with silver sLd gold—almost every tqnare
b.-.rg occupied by somebody—whi’e the bank
quietly pays the lafrtqjeu' wise re. and >’lee.
fully drops into its coders the iniffeeiu 1
hi ape
Men—young middle sged and old—dakes,
coants, and extremely common persons,
down to the very oetler win smells faithfully
of the stable, tied or all around, and are el
bowed by ducbeeees and count-saes and
snowy female* of various dtgre<a of reapecia
bitlty, np to the washerwo nan wftb bet last
earned thaler, and make notes ol the Lum
bers and colors, as they com np and look
wise, and calculate, and are sure mat uext
time they shall bit it; and—the lessee pays
all the erp-nees of this moat gorgeous of all
i-atablishmente of the a* rt, and a rent of near*
ly IfiO.OfO in gold, gives awae ro largely as ts
l>e very popular, acd gets rich besides— all out
ol their money
But, low and men, some young mm wins
heavily. Yes. I saw one the other day, in a
lew mmutes win so many gold pieces tha' bis
bands and pock its rin over, acd he bad them
charged into large notes and left. X fancy
be did carrT sway several tbonsands of dollars
ol value, and—as few Dave the sense tin
be departed before he had sacrificed t all in
the icesDe endeavor to get more. But, as I
said, the devil hasn’t done with sucb a mao,
when Le k» cut with bis lllgotton gams.
The money will mm in his pi cast until it
shall be uDWise'y—if not wickedly—spent,
and some day he will waut money again, and
bethink him how easily hu once gained some,
and come back to be leered, a i that in bis
anguish be sha'I confess that his last state is
worse than his first.
Blessed is honest poverty, in comparison
with wealth that has not beeu pat euty ai d
laithfnlly earned, or that does uo. represent
sound principle, and indaslriont and tugeoa
ctis endeavor on ih pari ol its possessor.
Toe saddest sight to me beie has ;*en to ree
bow the passion of gaming na- seised Li d of
some women—women fa'r and gentle to look
apon; 'air and gentle when they sit do m to
their unhallowed work; haggard, hard, and
hateful to look upon wbeo lacy rise ap as
the cot k a -rises midnight—became they can
ait there no longer until anolher day.
It ia said—and X enopwae it to be true—that
this ia the last year, or me 1 at year but one,
that tae guverrm :at propose to continue mis
hadMM a*re. If n B* rt, BBS 1 rear II IO uc
true, that the French iXO' eminent are con
sidertcg the easibUitv of 'reneterrmg ell tb a
gamine to Versailles and Pert-, as s means ol
rei -one. in their rxosns'ed state ol finances.
It may lor tue immid ate result cesire J, br
wor dly wodern to do s.; tut tie that aitieth
to the uesvens will eureiy laugh at em-h
sag ci'y, and no really wise statesman would
lo.erslc the idea f.r one moment
KLtPTOViBIU.
Rfmirhib e of the O eeaae
Krotr ihe N. Y Evening Poet.
a neb t ut »cc titr.c gentlemen, almost
rer-usc, but net insane to *11 t.p^»reo«'«, livtd
in *u o.d a.*’or-j use in L.ucoloouirc, g
laud. He was insane in one uirej mo oalj—
aud ore ought b»ve pa&i.d a lifetime with
him without discovering it. He wuu d tx*
se.zid by a sadetn deterniina ion t«> travel,
anl on e"ucb occasions be would travel in ste»e
wnb a retime o servants. After a fortnight's
or pernapi a mocha absence be won d retnru
borne. Jcvenablv on k.s return, to we 6,
wtncQ bed been tak u iroui an open uortoiaj
teau, were found scattered abou' tbe room.
His coelom was to write tbe address* or alt
tue hotel-keepers at whose erodes be hi<i
6lept duringb.s aifteoc", on so many slips o!
wrong paper These be baadid over to bus
secretary, wto in bis torn zave tue»n o tbe
house-steward, wnb directions to tnciose to
eaca address tbe cuuiher o! U;w-« s spec fled
upon each p>ece ot paper, aud to cop» sue i
oii.ef •riling he in gbt booth- rc. ar.d ?e .d
it in a letter wi’b the towels to tbe tivei
keeper4. 1 hi* gentleman was one of tue oq^
h^ppy race ot the ki pa, whose pamcuiar
mama iuipr:led biui l) pur.oiu to-cla. He
tuh-tqueu 1? gave to a friend t*e u.tory ol
uis ca e m d said Le was goaded o these
journey and Defences by an »rres,htible .m
pu se, whicu be its stud Was :be lesult o‘ ae
maniacal possession.
ouutLi r mt resting ximp'e of gleptovnsn a
8 r oomed of a very terp- c able 8' t sh
c erg.ma In tue nr.me of lit-*, and dis
fiugulsued «or L.s learning p.etj a- C charily.
He stole B.oies witu a r-ptciai f ew to Tbe
g ory of Uud y tbe propagation oi the gee
pel. His maun w ,s a hide ui tonarv
=ociety oi oici?" Bible*,” and h._ w.i- much
In earoe- iL ine co..v >-eiju of s by ib"
contraband proc as as be must ea.LU*iaMic
foreign m rsiouary could be in bis calling.
He was at lari detected in wholesale K bte
a.ta'iug It wis further ciecjvcrtd lb*; be
bad organs d a w.d ui is j-ion ary di.tr ct, and
hit B b e or a 1 ^tuitcnt at very cctv«ge
where ii was needed aieng the route. iLe
most touen ug #tct in h e story is i .at b- w s
arrested wbil- on his antes, ty uieb«d»de
ol a djiLg o U man. witn a stokn B.oi «f ing
wide opeu tK-iore bin ol the be What
made y u steal the B hies, Hr. B. a-t.»<1 rhe
tberitl. wnb pious h >rror in bis 'at God
made m.: steal m in, good uiau," was tue
nply He was weary of s ting Hs poor
ptop'e t eri«hof guspruiiULgcr, brc. use The
rich Bibie 8 r.ety could nor afford to feed
tbem witnout tue baubets, well knowing that
they bad lo b.u res aLd so God set me to
bteal o them and save ttuu He cou d
not be p' rsuadt-d tbit be uad do e wroog.
Anotrer case reported is taut«.»: a lady who
cou.d no*, resist ’be s ealing of silk o Kings.
Sbe was rc>, and a loader in 'be \»&;.MjLAole
c.iclesoi L Luon. There ^as oo »tgn of a
depraved intellect, u* d, a, art from tois o e
vice, she w*s xceedicgiy col c eim- us. It
was do !fC tl in her aod her tidc&t
•ol—sbe tx- cg a widow-—a ways w.nt him
eeif to ^ues ore where ^bu cad made o- r las;
purcbabcs to bud out whether they b-d missed
any st ck r gs afwr tei departure. As it
ntarly always ba, p-.n-*d tnac they ban, he
pi d for iLem, a-..d so .be matter was bush d
up.
Another London lady us»d to Bteal gloves.
Sue acquainted all toe beads ot tbe cstaolihb
m*ata wh -^e sue traded Wtib her disease, and
requeslrd that she might be watched, aid a
bin ot her ue.iLqu ucits made cut, and sent
wt.er bu o ter b4 use. This was dooe for
nearly two yiare, when che got r.d of tbe
mama, as c im d, by a ccu-se of gymnastic
treatment, a prescribed diet and vigorous
exexc.se. 8he bad always paid the biiia p.e
seated by the tradesmen la person, sod wllb
cu a murmur.
The cue o' L H., ft female lunatic, who
was long su-pelcd of a momld desire 10
acqaiieand hoard up anything snthio her
reach, u given in the second v lurne of Ihe
Mediyai Lruio," by Ur. Max Mcu oer. On
searching ttc woman there were f<uoo 15
hags upon her person, in sh'Ch there were
1 182 sit e1 s, mostly worole t r i: M bl’s
of paper, 85 sewing necdies, 18 o d elovts. 12
ui. aids for wi.x 1c*Yea. H# t n't us ffi
Icalneis, 8 paiCelsof uned Lai, 126 oita ol
ribbona, if bottlea, bl La luges, and a variety
ol other artic ea, the ruluse ol me aay urn, Vo
which she had at various lime* taken a
lakcy.
A real klep. derives his chief pits are in the
melt itself, not in ibe thug stolen, which be
open throws .yway, like a child tired oi Its
p’ayibligs li it b« tot thrown away It is
aoaidcd, hoarding being one ol ln« iu fallible
:Uis bf kleptomania. Moreover, the real
klep will ofleo s eal openly, with no attempt
at ulfguise. wdiIsi a real mief muV. di-guise
and conceal to protect Himself from cla
covery.
Sc me celebrated European physicians, ap
plying the doctrine ol the conaetv.iuL and
correlation of lorcrs to m ral mania, have
recently contrition d s me importaut artcics
to in.d cil tc.ence, showing mat certain phys
ical diseases are ibe ac.ual causes of klepto
mania Paraiysis is sure to cause stealing in
some ehsps or other; and stealing, indeed,
may be sometimes regarded as a symptom of
the disease. This is an important subject so
one ol unusual interest, worthy of the careful
investigation ol the medical scientist.
THE bT IK EWELL TBIEEBT.
A W Oder* Rufeae Arana
The E.glLh scLoo’maiter ol Lynn, who
commiiud mnrdtr a century and a quarter
ago, and baa been on trial for it ever since, in
ballads acd novels and the Newgate Calendar,
must cow give p'ac; to ibe m dert Eugene
Aram, who Las lately murdered hie wile at
dtcckwell, near London, lb- actor ia this
recent tragedy, is K;v. John Selby Wat-on, a
dertymai a schoolmaster, an accomplished
scholar, and an author of no mean repute.
Mr. Watson was born in 1815, eradoa'ed at
the [run university in Dibin in 1828, with
high rank as a classical scholar, and
was ordained as a clergyman toe
next year. 8 nee 1850, be has pub
lisued iu Bohn's scries, translations of Lucre
mis, Xenophon, Sal ust, Quintilian, Floras,
etc u e nest knowu of wb.ch it bta trees.a
tion of the Lit n poet Lorre.ioa- He is still
better knowu, perhaps, lor bis "Li’e ol R ch
ard forgoti,” me fuDoas Greek scholar of a
hundred years ago; he also wrote 1 sea ol
Warhurtoo. Ge. rge Fox and Sir William
Wallace, and Several other books, and pub
liased editions of the Li'ln Ux.ot Saliua; and
one ol the plays of Terence, and of Pope’a
Homer. Among ms unuubliahtd takers are
translations of Valerio* Fiaccui and Berascwr
in verse, and a large wwrk m focr volumes,
devoted to s history of the Popes.
There la no douht of the guilt ol Wilson,aa
there was, for some time,ln the case of Aram,
for be himself ta« co tested tbs mordc.
of bis w.fe. 1 be set «sa commutel, probably
on the evening ot Sunday, Oat. 8, la bis owe
kUB*#. HlWPt CM afVTrfl Wti 1*gM"
servant, and wubout children He lold Ibe
servant tbst night that Mrs. W,vaoo was away
on a visit, and kept up toe fiction until three
(lavs alter tow murder, a bee be ook poison,
wnicb failed to destroy bis lile, ai <1 left a note
ror ms physician. Or Kugg.in wb ca he b iwf
y related his er me. These were his words
"1 hive killed my wife In a 0; of rage. Often
acd olteu she has provoked me. and I have en
deavor, a to restrain myself, but rag.- over
c<une me, sod I struck Oer H .-r body will be
found in the lrctle tom off the library. The
i k.y is iu a letter on me tame 1 hope a e
wi> be bulled as bee imte a lacy of urth acd
poei'ion She is so liish lady, and her name
i is Anne."
In another note be enclosed £o for hi, ser
Viul girl, acd gave cirec'.l ona ah^al b prop*
erty. maoascnp a, etc saving.—
1 dou\ know wh*s* business it will bet*
lo* k to proper y left, as my little i ossession
w be u.y nook* aud furniture. Tbe bock* are
averyu ctu collection >or a literary roan. There
is «u annotated c >py of toe Life of Person”
wi’u a bo a ot addenda aud a copy of tbe
Life of Warburton,’' wub a few annotations
anc a book of addenda. Tue re will be found
in Icoae meets in the pres* in tbe library a
complete traalation of Beranger’s songs,with
tb 'exception ol Me* Dernier* (nansons.”
Some of these have been printed. 1 have
made my way in tbe world a a far as It Da*
men made by mv own efforts. My great limit
bas been too mucb self-dependence and loo
little regard for o’ber*. Whatever 1 have
done, 1 nave endeavored to do to tue brat or
my ability, acd bare been fortunate. I may
say. generally, with one great exctption
I be murder seems to Dave been committed
wi!b ibe holt of a heavy pistol, wbich was
tuned u one of the library drawtrs. Tbe
b ny of Mrs Watson was found in s bedroom
an; *iu Dir tne library, crouched or ’’buddied’
i a corner, w,tb six wound* on bsr bead and
her clothe* saturated wub tool.
Except tbe confession of tbe murderer,
ttatie is no evidence to*- be had- lived on l!>
te*-ms *i h b.s wife. The servant, who baa
been Leary three years in tbe family bad never
stm or ii ard tat in quarreling, doe lertititd
id regard to them: 1 think toe deceased
might bi?« been a I.trie nis’y. bat certainly
not vi den*. 1 v r beard an iry words past
ing between b in. 1 have u-Vcr noticed a
disyul* betwecu mem. 1 never noticed my
nia.-ter bed sugoiar hubits. liu: be was always
vtrv quie* and key- fo Dims*!'. With the ex
c pt ouof m-ai lime*, he alva-s sat ic ms
liCMiy. He w.s, atom I bad occasion tugo
into me room, either reniin; or writing.
There might have been a difference in bis
spin’s lately, but I have not noticed it Tney
aid not keep mu n company, aud always ap
p artd to live happily together.
U seams, Iu .her, tea. ou Monday, October
V* Mr. Watson ordered a water-*t ig nr box
made that day, hat called tbe next day and
said he C d notwi-h it rent to bis bonse, bat
paid for i’. Tne b.x was large enough to
con atn the body ol Mrs. Watson, acd was
no daunt in ended for Inal, bu'. tbe murd.rer
gave up tbe purpose, or concealing bis guilt,
and deetted ou sa-cide ins etl. He look tbe
poio i o Wednesday mure tug a’ter breakfast,
and up to tbit time, there had been nc sns
pic on of bis wile’s ceutb. To y bad been to
ciia-cn together (n the cay preceding th2
mu d r, acd vben the servant girl was told
-hat even ng that M*s Watson was out of
b wo, s ic believed it implicitly. Nothing
could fc ,vi betu more uolik Iv than that the
nu:b*nd suonla kid ib* w.fe, as it is certain
b did
The aliir makes much stir in London, and
tbeji-nrcal* are fall ol suggest ions ana ex
pian *'ons to account for tne terrible deeJ.
la-siPti i-talked oi, an no d ubt ibat p ea
will be set np in Watson’s deicnae. Bui an,
less we believe with tcs'us that much learn
ing makes a man m d mere is no reason to
aQ'pecl Insauiry. To s-1 on’ward appearance,
a saner in in tbsn M-. Watson do s not I ve In
England He is described at tbe inquesi as a
tall, mess.ve man, witia grave and austeie
coui.ten.iuce, wearing tne ordinary costume of
a cergyman. Probab y Dig own xplaoation
of tne crime is tbe eas st one that be was
•abject to uncontrollable rage, acd that a sud
den provocation, slight enougb in itself, gave
Dim the impulse which ended murder.
A new spiritualistic magazine wiU shortly
t>e started in London Oder tbe title of Frm
tl0ht.
tm CHICAGO TIER ABnl'AB.
T** BrUwm ■■■netaester-Nweeeh of
,fc* MWhop—Hee®, union cl Jacob
Brlfki. __
Lkdooc (October IT) Corretpobdence of tbe New
lurk tribute.
id MkLcotaier the meeting was rematkible.
It waa called uy the Mayor m ooed blc« to a
requtsit on very uamtruusiv sigued, and iLe
bunest ecclesiasticil end political dignitaries
of th« city were preaint and spoke. Tee
U eboo of Maucoeeter, a prelate of great ou>
tiucitoE, moved a res- lutiob expression tbe
profound sorrow wilu waicb the news of tne
awfnl coc Bagration bad been received. Tne
Bishop ben been in Cbicigo in lttt5, and 1
doubt not la well rtmeni tiered mere. H,
gave some accouot of tne cit/, and discussed
Jbe calamity in a tone wbteu. for a Bishop, is
.erbaps a little uucbmmon 1a, at anv rate,
uuikcd by great good sense. Tbe resolution
spoke of tbe Bre aa one ol tne inscrutable dis
pel sationa ol Go<’a Providence, will calcu
lat'd to make us stand agbaal:
Tbe Btsbop remarked t at be was glad to
fcave ttod’a providence recognised, though,
bad be drawu tbe resolution, he did not
know that be should have described the dis
pensation aa Inacrnlnble, nor aid he think
tbe? need stand aghast. It rather ought, he
thenght, to make ua giro up onr loins ana
t-trt lortn our practical-wisdom to make the
occurrence Of sue- catastrophe* practically,
aa far aa hnman ingenuity ever could mage
■hem. Impossible among ouraeives. (Cheers J
He desired to remember, not in the prolane
sense in which a great conqueror used the
words, that Providence Is always on the
side of tbe strongest;” bat he did not desire
to remember and to remind bus audience luti
Providencw required a certain amount of ctr
camepecuoa and co-operation at m<n’i>
bands, and the negligence which could have
left a great town uke Chicago with its
S0U.000 population, and tba I. Bammable sue
cum i u.-lib's materials all around it, at t'. e
meicv ol Uas than one-tbnd of its ptoper
amount ol uuppty -I water, was an actual
tempting of Guo's prov deuce And tne B.cb
urged that such an event, ma ead of beirg re
garded aa an inacrutasie dtspeufsticn. >ton d
be regirded aa a warning to otier cmea, sou
to Mancbeutar especially, to mats, on au Ol
clent sod prudent guverGnen' of Uieir mum.
eipal aflalru.
Mr. Jacjk Bright. M who is hoi often
seen, I suspect, on Uie name platform with a
Bishop, iswu another n»o nuou in these
words:
“l hat tkla city, grateful for ben< 1’s re
eeived Hi bar hour of disreas. deems it to be
both a duty and a privilege to trauemii to
Chicago nut ouly words of aympath), but
aiao such material aid as may aerve id some
digree to mltiga e the k rrora of her ca amity;
aid that a commit'ee he ippouiled for tne
purpuee of taking immediate stlps lor re
ceivmg and transmitting the subscriptions of
tb s city and neigh harbood.
I should Uke to see mat quoted Into every
American paper. It exp-eases, and no more
than expresses the universal fueling auious
Kcgiisumeu. Indeed. it is impuaa.bie lor an
Amorim" to be In England at this moment
wuhoot homg deeply touched by what be
hours an£ aasa on all hands about this cuicago
'wnvsis&xisz
sympathy, nod tne record 1 hate made up
showa how targe a iiumts r o' tnem ixpress
It ic the esost practical and helpful vjy. Ibe
Amertean Consul in Maucheaier, Mr. Brans
comoe, wan present at toe meeting. a. d, aa
representing iu pan tbe peep e ot Cuicago,
made a brief speech—being called on so to Jo,
I suppose—of gra'ituJe. 'Ibe aubecriDliuLs
st lb- mee’<ug exceeded AJ5 Oou. including
one of PS.Wki from Moira. 1 ooral, Mrtaobunt
Co. Mr 4-c ib Bright aid M-. J hnBrignl
are taca down on tbe list tor (SOU,
Cbicabo goes on steadily plea lag ap, and
ae<ms to have forgotten i s ca'amitita in a
political campaign ay v.germs and compli
cated that Mayor Mas in advised eull-e sua
pension of business for election day. A tem
pt ranee ticket had been pat forward, and
there were many declinations and supple
m-ntary nomoaiiobs, and some shocking
cneatieg in tbe hidden interest, but it all
eLded in tbe triumphant seltc’ion, by B.OOU
mijirity, of the •'tfre-prooi" ticket, head.d
by Joatph Medili. Pretty string evidence ol
a corrupt use of relief funds, by Alderman
Ho den, the "bammei’’ candidate for the
M.yoiaity, had beeu nit upon ju t before the
election. Holden himself had had charge of
large amounts of the funds, until be was dis
p'acetf from hia po*t of treaaurcr of the com
mittee. But a.d, in the shape ot heavy
f* r.lgn sul scrptio. a, still at cumulates; aid
63 CUD people arc being cared lor deny, tnough
the number ol h.- help.ets :s I ting cues.art
lyCKBLisb'd by thi employment of those
wtc will w, rk. Tie Snifter fommuttc has
giaotrd 4 IIS applications for temporary
inns. Bui. tag goe- on rapidly the Cham
ber of Commerce ha. s yluns dread' finished
a fias contracted n Ciacintati lor stone,
ai d me Boi-d ot ha’-.ic Worn* Las aboutde
fei niiu.a to Lu Id up t'r win le square whtn
fhev rt ettcl the e ur h us-, tirwcMng
'birelyto git an anno,, me tuerl$i50 00u
In ren's 'or s-ore- sed lawyers c to be
inc uded In the ed.de-. The aptculat -rs are
thought to be recuriLg eligible gr u-ds wi'b
views, n the givernm -n' purse. wb;n it shall
set about parting up tbe postifflca, cnsioai
no-ise, etc. Potter Pamir is energetically
piiwl leg iretc odurs halting projects ol his
own, and ur ana to tivt the dry goods palate
wueh takes ihe plare of Field, L i'tr A Co ’s
old one a front of ir »u instead oi marble. In
ftkingdown tb» on'side walls ol the Tribune
oni dthg, two laborers have b;-n killed by
fa,' ng fr.-tn the Var’!i story. ra» insarmce
companies arc up to their nicks in trouble
For tne Base ot experiment, a petition has
bcea li.sd sssiLg that lb- '•stibattau" of
New Y >rk he d, dared bmkrupr m order to
see woeiber foreign companies are subi-ct to
tbe State- laws. Hi es on grai.i stored iu
warehouses have e. re up so rnipouslv h;gh
thar there is great complaint, (be At'orcey
Gened! Das begun proceuiir.gs sgiirst the
Chicago Fir men’s, Mi rebant’s Chle.igii Fi.-e
German's, S.ae Hume, and Vlutnal Security
Comp nice. Meanwhile tn agency of the
web anown Hamburg and Br -ain F.re In
su-an Company ufO-rmanv, will he i,ome
dialet) opined. To-most serious quesii'n
that las a-V-en has been s-artid »y yov.
Putin-r, and seems to have been occasioned
by u- s.o ting ot 8r, s-enor. u>- pr *e
curing*Attorney of Cook coo tty, who
killed one met by u patro man who had
been d ailed irom Ini- vuluate.r force Ihe
Gov.rior da ms 'hat iu raising furies unau
thorised oy tbe S «'e. it. Mayor of CB'cago
Leu tn.nl General Sheridan. atd others,
have c mtilted an uulaw'nl uaurpaiion. and
r- qae ts Hie A’.’oraey Utnirai to place" the
fac.s before tbe brand Jury nf Cook ccuoly,
••in order rhar all p. rsun* ronc-ixed In the
unlawful killing- f Tnos. W. (Jnwvcr.or, may
be br, ugbl to a speidy trial." He is said
to be preparing a mes-age to tbe Legisla
ture c a tbs subj- L It is farther srated
that tbe Aojuiwut Coral cl Illinois went to
Caioaio on the day af er the tire with 460
Picked men, wn had i-eeu armed and in-tmc
ted hy Governor Palmer to enloica the
iawa and preserve order. It is alleged
that tnsf all returned borne under tbe
advice and direction cl the Mayor and the
Lleu rmant G-aeral. because they vara not
te- del. Tbe four companies of malar* who
h"r Ju*rgooe to the city, under orders from
'be War D-pertmeoi, ,re study sect Into
wictir quutrrs tbeir, tne pure being the
headquarter* of the Army (H the Missouri
A foreign letter says that representi'-vce of
'be L mdoo t ree« went on1 to m.et 'he Java
»rd get tte New You pipers c-mUlctrg ac
counts of the Are. Aodner **l'» oi a meet
irg jf Auer can resident* in Paris. convened
by Minister Waitlmme, to raite help tor
CUcaeo. in wb cb enterprise both Nor: hers
ers snd Southerners beam], pined. The
Preftctoftbe D.paitincnt o;' tie Set. e has
1-tu d clieular a-niiig 'or sat se iptjona from
the french. and the Back otEigUod and
tbe Union Bark of Uoodcu have preyed their
sympathy by gifts ol 13 000 eaca. tb« British
C< n* iite s» Chlcsgn has ius> been revised,
snd James VVsrreck appomied t> t- e post.
ALICE CAM.
The Bamsaes of Her Lire.
Mrs. M«ry Clemmer Amc9 writes in tha In
dependent.
Yet, no leu beesnae >f three words, sacri
legious bands hi a ruddy sitimpted to lift
it. The .anury oi that pare heart is ram
i's-iy icaide I even in tbe grave- A story un
der tte ti le of the “Unknown Lave
of Alice C.ry,” in the newspaper*, is
anil traveling tniougo the length at toe land,
it aaseria that In b.r youth she was afllanced
to Kufcs W. Griswold, that he was lalse to
her— orsaking her (or s woman of the world;
’h*‘, long aft*-' wb--z returned to Me i
York, irieodlesa, poor ai d am*. -h' foigate
him ibe great wrong that ne had done, and
nursed him t.ll he died. Tins story, in many
conflicting phase*, wa* often, t> her great an
Loyance. to a of her during her life. The
fact that Butas vT. (intviil did in bis last
wiT txqietlb to her his personal efleefs was
made much ot in p inled sad orivste circle*,
sod used «t an unanswerable proof 'nat at
one time he bad net n ber lover. »V, b n a
week I bave read in a letter to me New York
timing JUt that the will proved .he love and
rela luuabip h iwee-i toe two pemms beyond
a doabi. Yet no less, in its loaads ion, the
story is false. Ruler ring to it oner, Wboe we
two *at aiuuc togetaer, Alice said to me “I
will tall yoj just tbe trn n if you ever toick
>t ncc**»ary. yon can tell it.” 1 Delieva it ta
be bat justice to ber -sc ed life, with which
idle go**ip Is yet too busy, lb tell it now.
btrravemeut id dealb and in life bad made
ter West- in borne to*, dr*. ate 10 bt tame.
ra>*e. with the impulse of me brave wi.i tat
reived her to tne 'sal, nrougul her tjjlew
Y Ik W make Lot lb: 11 e Itul sue would u*ve
cboeen for nerself, yet a lue worthy to be
liyej. Uuo'acce stood me in tbe stead
••e ur«ge, *he sard. Had iaaowu .be
great world a* ibavc learned it ami r I it-t d
not nave dared hut I didn’t. Tbu* I cauie
tbe leaning UUmnticur mat tune wa* Ur. B .lue
A. Urmwoia. He uan complied LUc nooks
cabled The female Pro** Writ-rs” auO
Tbe female Poets ot AmrricA.” He was
-harp.v on tne lookout lor every new gen ui
m liietaiure that appeared. He had visited
1 he aiSM» In me r Oaio acme, and in I boo
ntaiu.d a turn war tor tb*>r drat luine.
ud bad added both their name* witn s-.iec
nuns irom tbeir poems to his own Poem* ol
Auprica." He knew tveiycnmg non*-ary to
u*«,r *acce*a m the sphere oi labor an ch they
b-u cLoeen, w. lie they pisct eailv knew a- xt
to i .hing. He encouraged ana htlptd tuna
in iu*uy ways, ana anus command,u tbeir
i/r.L' uda
For Aticc to incur a debt ot gratitude was to
p«, it il at tan corn oi cer hi.. lei tv, u tue
go-d will ol one type of uuu to a woman is
olteu a misfortune. llir >ui may be white
n» anew, yet be csbuot lake her innocent
uauie upoa his Ups wlitont smucnig r with
something Ol bis owe vuece-s. Hsvsui.y
be- be. u flatter, a Dy idle wi men till conqu-'-t
bis beccrne cot only ibe baoil, but tue ne
cessity ol bis morbio aba miwerab.t sen'; tm,
WLarc be kuuws be uu not woo it. it yu is
base enough to boael ot 1:. oucb a uiac,
(judgng by every refold left >d bum was
Kjius W. (iris wold. lie Was a non ol yueo.c
leoipt rameoi, of tine ycboiarthip cf grner
ous .innuiaca, aud lb ceiuam oirtcuo: s of rare
g'.us; yet bo less be was a mu ol Uckls f>n
c— of violent 1 emper, wuieb o.tcb fc.i upon
m. dearest friends, ol mootirous vaoi’y and
u igoveroeo passions. 1 was never encaged
to mm in marriage. I uever loved bim," said
A/sce Cary to me. "1 could but Dave loved
sucq a mao, tDough 1 learnt d Dim in bis best
phases 1 came to pity bim, ueceu e ue wea bis
own worai enemy, as a tneua 1 owed bim
much, aud Dtfoie bis death 1 found it Id my
power to pay oaeK in part my large dent ol
gratitude. Mhente returned to New York,
poor auJ sick, with certsiu deatb before mm,
1, wild Ails* hired a room ai d nurse
lor D.m From uat tuey Dave made the
romantic stoiy of my nursiug uim f.r acre
qailed love it was old Betsey who nursed
sun. t on know how Pii and strong sue is
yet even sue became worn out, lor his s ekne*
was long and very pain ut. Y. aay unkind,
tV«b ciuel mints have beeu said because he
wt.lsd to me bis personal t ft eta. Beside ibe
books aud pictur. s wuieb be bequ atbed to
lbs Hi-ioricai Society. loese wtii ail tual be
tosstsstd; SDd he kit tbem tome: cot
more out of pcisouai regain than from a
oesire to repay as tar as be was able tie
mom y wh.cu 1 bad expended tor his coui
iort during hi* last oug s.ckness.
lu ’.ue pi el uad< st tebso Alice c'niy never
loved hut once. Tbe ruau wb m she loved is
suli alive yet gossip, with its ktemsl s.-ent,
has uever foued or uaoied bim. vV'ltu ail ber
iullbess of slice lion, hers Mas au tcKe.c aud
solitary soul lie who bv the v-ry patent of
his being was mo:e to her mar any other
mortal cou.d ue might pass Hum ucr life, but
no other could ever take his piace. A proud
and prosperous famuy brought ail kbcir'pnde
aud power lo bear ou a sou to prevent his
marryug a gin uneducated, rustic aud poor.
I Mailed for one who never came back,”
sue said, Yet 1 believed be would come Ull
i rend in a paper his marriage to another.
Can you thick wnal life wcoid be—loving one,
waiting for one who would never come!
He did come at last. 1 saw bim. Ilis wife
had dieo, Alice was dying. Ibe gray-halred
nnn sal oowu beside tbe gray haired wcmac.
Life had d. ail prosperously with him. a,
its woul with m u. dudcntig and ctatb tad
tak< n all frrui ber save tbe luster of ber won
drous eyes. From ber wan aud waited lave
tuty sboue upon bim lull ot tenderness acd
you b. ibai ibey me: with life behind them
bey who parted plighted levers wbtu life
was young He was the man whom sbe lor
gave lor tier blighted aud weary life. wi*h a
thii'.eof patting as dv.be as ever nt tbe face
ot woman. a
Child Actor —The performance of au
Euili: U cki d actor Jusi arrived, a the lioli
day 3-ieet Theatre, lu Baltimore, is tnua spo
ken ol: Percy Ko-elie is a most il taora:
naiy young ac or. As' 8.iyio::k,’’ ue snows
a cu.lured appreciation of that grtat chancier,
and a force of repre entiug it >hal wuu.d on
cm dit to the most matured and txperieue c
-hakspearia'i. Frtqueur bursts ot appiau-e
from toe audience, last night, as he du:*ued
tbe dec lama'iou of any portion ol the ime?,
testified to a besrty appn.rlai.i ;n ot this little
gentleman’s gen us. In nuke up and slave
action Ue Tutu'iiUy carries out all the details
of the part. The first sensation of curiosity
and am'-sement which is felt when te first
comes upon the stage Is toon lost in a genuine
admiration lor his powers." Well, where is
Bcrgn*
imHto.
8tw*rd says Americans ars the fashion
B°w all over the worl-f.”
Oi ill ibe State drbta, that of V rginia it the
largest and that of Oregon the least.
7*Ae Paler of Health is the name of the new
byg-oic weekly.
the Washington f Capita' alludes to the
dirioma'lc diffl.nlty as iue Oa -flsh war.”
New 1 jrk damn a population oi 1,400 000
at noon of any week-day.
A Pennsylvania firm has list shipped 41
caeea of school a lairs to J span.
Chanty begins at h une; a W -cons in lat
tice has granted himself a divorce.
Andrew Jackson Dtvir, according to the
OaUkn Ayr, proposes a book t te 1 the world
west be koows about insanity.
Geirge William Ourtia's new lec’ure in
on Women in the Old-n Time aud m the
New.”
Ane New York Herald dubs Downing, the
fain->tts oysterman, with the honorary ioititle
t R 8.—fried, roasted and stewed.
Ihe conns now hold that a w fn’a Interest
n a it’e tnanraLce policy, iasn-d or aer bene*
dt. does not cease in case of div >rce.
The first newspao- r published in Chicago
was the Chicago Democrat laaead by Jobs
Cainoon, November 36, 1833.
-Homo versa* Darw.n” la the title of e
learned refolauoe of The Daeceet Of
Man.”
Qu”e a number of lady card dates here
already appeared in: rlcrtshlpe in the low*
Legislature this winter.
One of the cepa on the Battery drinking
fountain la mwaiug, and It In anapeeted that
Ashbury bas anoropri*•«•, it.
The London Mamcel War'4 **va Mist Rom
H-raee baa rnterntd from Amsrict wonder
fully improved.
Cornell Unlv-mlty has a complete printing
es'abusbmeet, with a large Hoe pre-a ret by
steam, which the atadeet* manage, and on
which they pno- the Coroeil Hra
Having won bar am*, lor a few millions’
worth of New Orieaas. Mr*. M,ra Gaines least
that she can now afford to parb her dt’m
against tb- Government for more than IM a
montb pension.
Yasbib Ccbio* tt —Edwin Booth wan
traveling oe the can Tbe pa*eeegera, beer*
mg be was aboard, natnra ly ev.net d cariosity
to tee the great actor. Am tt the passengers
as a genuine Vermonter, who o---p*ed a
seel some fo- w five beeches in *h» re-r of
tne grtat objicL B» slipptug Irom one west
toanotoer, he soon oceo ued the one imme
oifely at*" of Booth Hi* anxiety wan
great He ebtng ov»r and t nchiug Elwm on
tbe •boulder, he said -Ah! ch reuse me,
air, nut i- your nsme Bca’t?” -Yes. sir. my
■awe la Edwin Boots.” K-a1 y, et! anl sir:
bni you must really tzeuae mo, air. out ah! ebl
s.r are you brother to ’he gentle nan who
had the little d tfi. ol'y wtb Mr Lincoln at
tte iheaiei’”
f raioci DurvtTions N g'ttmare
cornea from tbe Si.od iaviao word marm.
wb cb was In the N rse tocology a Doc urual
spweter which aeliid men to taeir sleep, and
dtpnrcd them of speech and motion Aider
min” is a corruption of the German alter fata
(old man) aud wsa first applied 10 the mem*
ii*rs oi a City Government, b.csose In the
**t< of reverence rulers were generally old
mm. The game of Jackarooes” rime from
Ireland, where it was called Shrek Shone iu
Gaelic, a name readily turned Into its present
lorm. "Bock is the Germaa Hath which
is tut same as tbe Anglo-Saxon hoc, a beech
tree; the first Germin writings having been
inscribed on beect-wood or berk.
Gluttohocs hkistlans —Morb d con.
el'lone of body will intvtabiy insure darkness
o! mind, and maty of me sloe that men fall
into may be said to come from morbid con.
dit on*, of tbe body. 1 speak of the irregular
ities that, though they no not present bath
ness, yet doll the sensibilities and hinder per
il c. development A violin netd not be
strineUs*. yet if the srrines are injured the
violin injured. It is not common to And n
ml round man—thorough y heal .by. By
ignorai e and imm tdera ion in diet, men
nine more d tH u ties than they can btlp with
their prayer*. 1 think men overeat 'heir pray
ers. A man can't eat dyspeptic and live grace.
Overeating makes ton noacu blood 'bat keeps
the body liverish and tending downward.
Many men make a practice of eating them
seivrs into stupidity .very day Can a man
cutt.vite the fruits of the Spirit whec he gor
maedisea every day till he can scarcely see f
Ho* cm these trait* of peace and joy exist
with giat'ohous stnIBngf Eery day the
clarity of mind it obsemrt d l y overeating.
Evert mao ought to be put into exact knowl
edge ot what bia system needs I And many
persona wbo sutler by under nutrition. They
are white ard long, aud lean aud cold. They
need m. re animal. They are too heavy for
the beast they rifle. More food would be to
them a means ot grace—if. W Bttrher.
Ah Interesting Ihcidest—Mr Liaphier,
who has led the Fulton street meeting for
fourteen years, seldom soeska in the m eting.
The other day the prayer meeting room was
elaborately fl led with (1 wrra. They were
the gift ot a florist who was tucked up by Mr.
I Lmpbier. rescued from drunkenness, and pmt
into a position where beta now earnings
fl ie living In alluflirg to tbe flower* he
related tuir Incident: He came into meeting
one d-y and 'ound on bia desk a bunch of
tube r ises On bis way home be found him
seit followed by a min wbo uogged bis foot*
steps until be reached his d.orstone. The
party could not speak a word f Fuel eh, but
gesticulat'd fleiceiy »rd pointed to the
flowers. Mr. uanphii r took him in bet could
make nothing out o' mm. He ca'led no the
rook, who waa a G r® in, hu' she could do
nolhiug. He lock him r uid to <he shoe
maker and be foued out wnat waa tbe matter.
The slrangtr laid he was in gnat trouble
about b ssnul. He cal a dream in which he
w-i io:d that il be would 'ollow a man wbo
had in his hand a b inch o' whit- Sowers, he
iron'd Kiv< him a Bo. t in h s own language
a- o tell biin about me Sav.our. When be saw
Mi. LaLphier going through the streets he
gave ebaae to him, and Le found the dreata
i al led m the other particulars.
The New awvuioah i ici. Ptoia.—The
r v on oi tbe >1 w Am'tic .n Cvc opedia,
wh ch Is to be r«;uu a a I w days by its
lo. mer editora I ta*.c- i. Iln, and George
I: ey, u work go t mall magnitude tad
1 imports! ce. The sale o.' the Cyclopedia has
turpi.--vd the b Eh-a elpectalMM of its
rt.e s, over S«i ias. t i hiv ng already
b a s> id. This, eooetd—-mg th nut ot the
rk, iI’luurtlu.M, u l oeli v P is lot
ticieded in itetik of a-y foreign i ye oped is
i x ti»g Kright’s, flaring the past 10 years
n, ci. of me k*egeay {-al. scieo’iUe and
j r.i- iiisai milter ie the N w American
I Cyd-JV dia Its rec-»*ar y rminf out of
1 da e am! n-*<d- e orreetwe. The --s' threu or
■Car tounies are also more v amiooos
tt-c ws- luUnded, as hr tliters w. re
ne v f«. tb-ir ta k, ard had no', got
their hands in. as the *crm is. Ini? part of
the work will b treatly i >od'nsed. so at, if
p. s-iiiie. -a fedne- 'ti lit her ofvo ones to
15 iis'.sd o' 16. If *h- o'her parts of the
Cictopeflta hvl b-en wr'ten on the same
sca e as these curlier vo.uoi-a. th-en’lre work
1\ u d not b»v b- *n coutalied within the
rumpus* of Sd vom-or* rod evea as it is, It
ie too bniky. The wt-rk of rev.i on will tail
mam v upon George Ripley, The veteran
liitrary editor of ’.he Triimne, who, in spite of
bia years, is still an iadefifigable worker, and
adm rab:y fitted for the task —UprlmgfiM /M
yublican.