"■'f -j
The American Board proposes to push its China
minions bexoni the frontiers north-westward into
Mongolia. Rev. John T. Gulick s^nd his brother,
n«.*w in Japan, will be the pioneers. The London
Missionary Society (also Congregational) is about
nooning its former mission in the same region,
and takes Pekin for its base of operations there.
Rev. James Gilmour, its pioneer, has already met
several persoos intimately associated with the for
mer mivsicn, and obtained from then, much val
uable information.
Iaatal’ation of Dr. Schaff—The Rev. Philip
Sch iff. l>. i>„ was formally installed Professor of
Ap logetics and Symbolism in the Union Theolog
ical Seminary, New York, on Wednesday evening,
O-'tobor l<;b. The services took plaee at the
Fourth Avenue Presbyterian Chureh, the Hon.
William A. Booth pre-iding l)r. Hastings deliv
ered the preliminary adJr?"* in behalf of the Di
rectors of the Seminary. which was followed hy an
address by the new Professor ou “The Theology
of onr Age and Country.”
A Rev. Mr. Ryder, of Illinois, in the Episcopal
Convention at Baltimore, submitted a resolution
that in the litany the word Jin should be added,
so that the petition would read—“from lightning
and tempest, from plague, pestilence, fin and fam
ine.” etc. “This” wys the reporter lor the
Kpitcop-th'u» “was promptly extinguished as a
dangerous spark of innovation and was laid on the
table.”
Bishop of Little Rook.—But two bishops pro
tested against the decree of Infallibility wheu it
passed the Council at Rome in 1870. One of these
was Fitzgerald, of Little Kock, and tbe wits of
Rom* cou'd not let the chance slip of saying the
little Reck had set itself agaiust the great Rock.—
But it set-ms now that if poor Pius was the great
rock, the little one has prevailed. The Pope has
gone down, whatever has Decome of Fitzgerald.
DOMESTIC MISCELLANY.
___ Valley Railroad.—As the Baltimore A Ohio
Railroad, and the city of Baltimore have both now
made their subscriptions to this road, its com pie
tton is a->ured, and it will be put under contract
from Suun’on to Salem as soon m possible. So
ends this long sought aad important improvement
—important to all parts of the Valley of Virginia,
Fires in Wisconsin.—The Green Bay Advocate,
of October 19th, has au editorial upon the great
fire at Peshtigo, which was so destructive to life
and property, from which we abstract the follow
ing:
PHENOMENA OF THE FIRE.
There are some phases of the great calamity
which fell upon this region last week, worthy of
scientific investigation. The testimony of the
cooler-headed survivors of the fires at Peshtigo,
the Sugar Bush, and WiiiiamsonviMc, is united as
to one phenomenon. They say the fire did not
ocme upon tnetu gradually from burning trees or
other objects to the windward, but the first notice
they had of it was a whirlwind of flume in great
clouds, from above the tops of the trees, which
fell upOD and enveloped everything.
THE ATMOSPHERE SEEMED ONE OF FIRE
The poor peop’e inhaled it, or the intensely hot
air, ami fell down dead. This is verified by the
appearance of many of the corpses. They were
found dead in the roads and open spaces, where
there were no visible marks of fire near by, with
not a trace of burning upon their holies or cloth
ing. At the Sugar l>u.h, which is au exteuded
Clearing, in some places four miles in width, oorpses
were found in the open road, between fences which
were only slightly burned. No mark of fire was
upon them, but they lay there, as if asleep.
This phenomenon seems to explain the fact that
so many were killed in compact masses. They
seem to have huddled together in what was evi
dently regarded at the moment as the safest places,
away from buildings, trees, or other iufiammable
material, and there to have died together.
We bear the universal testimony that the pre
vailing idea among the terror-stricken people of
those places was that the last day had come.
A Growing Library.—The Library of Congress
has 23O.00U volume-, and additions are made at
the rate of 12 000 volumes auuually. A large por
tion of this vast collection is mere trash, not worth
the shelf-room it occupies. Under the present law
a copy of every work published must be sent to
the library, and thus it is easy to see that much
worthle-s stuff must accumulate.
Beady for all Things—A lady has started a paper
at Borilaud, Oreguu, which she calls the .iYeie
Xordurtsf. Her salutatory opens in this vigorous
style: We have served a regular apprenticeship
at work'Bg—washing. scrubbtug, patching, darn
iac, iruriug, pla>n sewing, raising babies, milking,
churning, and poultry raiding. We have kept
boarders taught school, taught music, writteu for
the new papers, made speeches, and carried on au
extensive miilii ery ard dressmaking We can
prove by the publie tnat this work has been well
doue. N w, having reached tbe age of thirty-six.
and hanr-g Lrou-ht up a family of boys to set
type, and a daughter to run the mileuery store, we
propose to edit and publish a newspaper; and we
intend to establish it as one of the permanent in
stitutions cf the oountry.”
The Wonderful Developments which tho discovery
of go d iu California ami Australia occasioned, by
the sudden and enormous migration of gold-seek
ers to regions previously almost unknown, are fresh
within the memory ot all. l ne discovery or a dia
mond fi' ld last year, induced a large deportation
ot labor trout England to its distant colony in
Southe- n Africa. And now, according to Minneso
ta journals, the excitement over the recent discov
eries at Winnipeg is on the increase. This new
El Dorado is represented as richer in gold than
California or Australia. The new field of wealth
is but a short distance from Silver Diet, in Lake
Superior, one ot the richest silver regions in the
world, about one hundred and fifty miles from the
copper mines of Oatonagou. Hundreds, it is said,
are swarming to that place, and laborers employed
on the highways and government works have given
up work and emigrated in a body to the new gold
fields.
Charles Scribner A Co. have undertaken the publi
cation ot “A Library ot Travel, Exploration and
Adventure," to be edited by Mr. Bayard Taylor,
and to be illustrated with a profusion of original
engravings. The work is intended to furnish a
complete and picture.-que account of the most cel
ebrated rtgioos visited by modern travelers, each
volume to oe devoted to a special country, and
framing a separate unit in itself, independent of
tbe remainder of the series.
Hurd A Houghton, the publishers of the Ameri
can edition «»t Dr. William Smith’s “Dictionary
of tb B.ble,” edited by Professor H. B. Hackett
ai.d Kz a Abbot, LL D., began the work as a
subscription work, issuing it in parts, and after its
completion, they followed the same plan ot publi
cation. They now announce that they have put
the book in the regular trade, and that hereafter
buyers can find it at the book stores.
Insurance and Suicide.—An important principle
has been determined by the courts in regard to life
iosurance, where death is caused by suicide. Says
tbe Bro klyn Times: “An Insurance Company
that sets up the plea ot suicide, in order to avoid
paying the policy, must show that the insured
committed suicide expressly to detraud the com
pauy. It he committed suicide as Prot. Mahan,
from insanity, it affords no valid plea against the
legal claim of the policy. This is an important
principle and oue that seems preeminently just.’’
Destruction of Timber.—It is estimated that not
les* than 50.000 square miles in the North-western
States have been completely devastated by the fire.
A Useful Machine.—It is computed that the in
vention ol the late Henry Burden, of Troy. N. Y.,
tor a horse shoe machine, tbe patent ot which has
been extended for seven years from the 30th of
June, 1ST 1, has saved tbe public $32,800,000 dur
ing the last fourteen years.
Value of Old Timber Trees.—An English paper
says that 30 ouk trees wi re recintly sold at auction
at Burgh ley Park, and realised prices as follows:
One tree brought $360. another $310, a third $324.
The whole 30 brought $4,200, averaging $140
each. The scarcity of timber in our country, both
from enormous cousumptien and the devastation
by fires, will soon make some ot our old timber
lands and big forest trees left stauding a very val
uable property for the owner. We need a law in
this state not only giving a bounty upon new trees
set out, but compelling every one who cuts down a
tree to replace it, by setting out another new one.
Tbe Apple Ctop of Michigan.—The fruit growers
of Michigan are in a glow of excitement and en
thusiasm. Tue crop is the largest ever produced
and the quality ot superior degree. Every lot
shipped off has brought back orders for more.—
Michigan apples have a fine reputation in the mar
ket. At Dowagiae there has already been shipped
nearly 5.UU0 barrels. Other fruit towns have
shipped from 2 Ul>0 to 6,000 barrels, and the ship
ping of wiuter apples has just begun. They are
now paying, in the different towns, for fall fruit $1
to $1.50 per barrel; for winter apples, $1.50 to $2.
In some of the towns there is not a full supply of
barrels. A few of the heavy fruit dealers have
been obliged to start cooper shops for their supply
of barrels, and a very large amount of winter ap
ples will not be shipped in the s<ason of gather
ing, for the want ot barrels, which are now sjlling
for forty to fifty oents.
The Agricultural College land-scrip due to Mis
sissippi, amounting to 210,000 acres, was lately is
sued to Gov. Alcorn. It has been sold at 90 cents
per acre, to Col. G. F. Lewis, of Ohio, who has
bought the scrip of 20 states—an aggregate of
nearly 8,000,000 acres.
Hou. Thomas Ewing, Sr. .died at his home in Ohio,
on the 19th ult. As a statesman and a jurist he
took high rank at a time when men like Clay and
Webster figured ia politic. He was a staunch ad
vocate of the protective system, opposed the re
moval of the deposits from the Unitea States bank,
re-organized the general land office, presented
memorials for the abolition of elavery in the Dis
trict of Columbia. In 1851 he retired from publio
life, and has since resided in Lancaster, Ohio, en
gaged in the practice of law. Mr. Ewing took his
seat in the U. S. Senate in 1831. He was Secre
tary of the Treasury under Harrison and Taylor.
He was a man of varied learning and general in
formation. His reputation as a lawyer stood sec
ond to none in the l_ nited States, and as a patriot
statesman he was beyond all reproach. Mr. Ewing
was eighty-two years of age at the time of his
death.
Noarly Used Up !—'The German teachers’ conven
tion, which made such a noise last year in Louis
ville, and threatened to annihilate all religious ed
ucation, was eonsideraly fizzled out this year in
Cincinnati. An infidel German paper in New
York says; “It was unpractical and tedious. The
practical results can be compressed within a nut
shell.” Other papers report that the members of
the convention made up by frequent visits to the
beer saloons for the intolerable weariness and pro
lixity of the sessions. A Rationalist German
schoolmaster cannot legislate without a jug of lager
by his side!
Query.—The Nashville Christian Advocate*ays:
“We are very glad for fifty reasons that we do not
use tobacco, never used more than a few ounces in
our life, except when we administered it once to a
sick horse.” The reason why it probably deemed
itself called upon to “rise and explain” was the
following query from a subscriber, which it justly
terms “a light question:”
A layman of the Methodist Church denied him
self the use of tobacco, for which he expended
$25 per annum, in order that he might pay his
miuister that amount more than was his custom;
now, what encouragement has he in so doing wheD
his minister expends for the same luxury $75 per
annum?
Beware!—The Baltimore Episcopal Methodist,
in an editorial on the Chicago fire, comes over to
our doctrine of God’s sovereignty in the provi
dential ordering of all events. The editors say:
A single extinguisher on the ground, or the
active exertions of the police in tearing down the
adjacent buildings, might have pot a stop to the
flames in the stable. But it was not so to be. In
His inevitable wisdom, God bad doomed the city.
We trust our cotemporaries will not allow them
selves to pass us and run into fatalism. In regard
to the absence of a single extinguisher, or of the
active exertions of the police” we hope they will
cling to our explanation “Tet so that neither is
violence offered to the will of the creature, nor is
the liberty or contingency of second causes taken
away, but rather established.”—Jlerald and Pres
byter.
A Clean Sweep.—At a meeting, Sunday, of the
congregation of the Fourth Presbyterian church,
of Chicago, it was ascertained on close investiga
tion, that eight hundred worshippers in that church
were burned out. of their dwellings, and are home
less to day. Their house of worship and their
mission school were likewise destroyed. In fact,
the home of not a single worshipper escaped de
struotioo. This was one of the most {Lurching
Presbyterian churches in the city.
Days of Tribulation.—Tidings are coming from
various parts of the world of great destruction of
life and property by floods and tires and wrecks
In China 10.000 suare miles were submerged in a
typhoon, and 3.000 persons were swept away.—
Destructive fires are recorded in Russia and in
California, and numerous wrecks aioug the Atlantic
coast.
Tho Chicago Tribune relates that when its vault
and sate was opened everything was found intact,
including a linen coat and a box of matches.
EIrfvcn years ago petroleum was unknown as an
article of utility. Now the total capital invested
in it, at home and abroad, is $100 000.000. of
which tho American capital is $70,000,000.
The Commissioner of Pensions’ Annual Report
will show that only forty nine widows of soldiers ol
the Revolution survive, and that there were upoD
the rolls, June 3o, 1871. 207,455 pensioners of all
classes, the aggregate amount of whose pen-ions
was $22 804,994 29, and to whom was paid during
the pteoediog•fiscal year $33 077.383 63.
Is It Settled 1—Every Saturday has the follow
ing:
‘“One of the witticisms of Baltimore is that the
Episcopal General Convention declares that the
word ••‘regenerate” is used in the baptismal ser
vice of the Church in a Pickwickian sense.—
Whether a baptized person is necessarily regener
ate, and whether one can be regenerate without
being baptized, are questions of profound interest
to persons of a certain mental cast and moral tone,
however unimportant they may appear to the world
at large. And it pains us to say that their right
reverences in session at Baltimore have really done
not Ding to eiuciuare prvuicuia. m. uv
mentioned they have not taken in hand, indeed;
and though they essayed a struggle with the other,
their conclusion is one of those by which nothing
is concluded, and leaves us more in the dark than
we were previously; for they held that the use of
the word “regenerate” does not determine that a
moral change is wrought by baptism This is a
grievous ruling for babies and their fond and pious
parents; because if regeneration does not mean a
moral change, what does it mean? It certainly
oannot be applied physically or intellectually: with
out a moral significance it has none whatever.—
The bishops appear to have dodged the issue
raised in various quarters, and we presume they
di so in the endeavor to avoid making a schism
by an explicit declaration. But the secular public
already sees that the peaceful iutent will be failure.
When one party holds that a word means this,
an another that it means that, the difference can
not he healed by declaring that it mean* nothing.
This will be apparent to the Episcopal brethren
by the time they next meet in general cor voutior.
The Chicago Periodicals show great vitality The
dailies resumed at ouce. we believe. The Advance
comes to us already, a little reduced in siz: ye1,
but coming up to the old standard. The Standard
we have not seen, but it has resumed publication.
The subscribers of the Northwestern Christian Ad
vocate are furnished the Western Christian Advo
cate, of Cincinnati, at present, until a press can be
secured, when it will launch again. The Art Re
view will probably suspend. The Little Corporal
will be out with a large December number, and
will go on to victory as usual. All the Sunday
School publications of Adams, Blackmer Lyon
will be continued, that firm supplying their sub
scribers with everything except the November
number of the National Sunday School Teacher.
The Frairie Farmer and Western Rural resumed
at once. We have not heard what will be the fate
of the Jjakeside Monthly.
FOREIGN ITEMS.
Evangelical Movement—An American clergyman,
who has recently visited Denmark, Norway and
Sweden, writes of the great evangelical religious
movement which has been going on there for some
years, especially in the last two countries, in the
Sailor's Magazine tor November: “It began by
oonverted seamen returning from America. It
has beeo carried forward to a great extent by the
agency of converted seamen, and the sailor mis
sionaries of the American Seman's Friend Socie
ty have had no small share in this work, Their
labors have been greatly blessed. Thousands have
been converted from the errors of the State Church,
which is hardly less corrupt and quite iutolerant as
the Papal Church. A spirit of inquiry has been
excited, and a desire for reform on the part of mul
titudes within the ohuroh which cannot be sup
pressed. Several hundreds of Baptists and Meth
odist churohes have been organized, and the way
is fast preparing for more, notwithstanding the
persecutions and disabilities under which these
Christian converts labor. State laws are very tol
erant, and the consequence is that when men are
converted, they turn their eyes at once to Ameri
ca. This keeps the infant churches here, many of
which would otherwise be now large and flourish
I iug, in a poor and feeble condition.”
Gan Cotton is now manufactured in England to
an amount exceeding 100 tons per annum. The
cotton fiber is reduced to a pulp, as in paper mak
ing, in which condition the excess of acids, it
readily removed. The palp is compressed into
disks, under a pressure of 18 tons to the inch, and
then dried. These disks are l inch to 7 inches it
diameter, and J inch to 2 inches thick. In th(
air this compress cotton hums intensely but with
out explosion; but when properly exploded undei
alo^e confinement, its strength is irom two to fivt
times that of the same weight gunpowder. If ao
oidentally wetted, this form of gun cotton ean b<
redried by exposure to the sun, or even by a gentlf
1 heat, without risk of explosion or deterioration.
Liberalism in Austria.—Another change has taken
place in the Austrian Ministry in favor of liberal
principles. The Hohenwrath Cabinent have re
signed and their resignations have been accepted
by the Emperor. Chancellor Von Beust is still
master of the situation. He is ready to make con
cessions to the Bohemian feeling of nationality.—
But the principal point decided by the resignation
of the Hohenwrath Ministry is that Austria will
take no steps backward that she will not again
come under the yoke of the Concordat, and is in
full sympathy with the onward progress that is now
the order of the day in Europe.
The Catholic Standard states .that in Ireland
6,806 public schools were in operation last year,
with the names of 998,999 children on rolls, and
an average attendance 859,199 pupils. There was
a net increase of 99 schools against the year 1869.
Two hundred and thirty four teachers were trained
during last year. The total amount received by
the teachers was £342,107.
Patents in England.—The records of the Patent
Office in England show that 292 patents for im
provements in umbrellas have been taken out since
17S6. If somebody would only take out a patent
to prevent the theft of this useful article!
War in Cuba.—A messago from the King of Spain
and his ministry to the Cortez states the cost of
the war in Cuba for the past year at about $62,
000,000, and the colonial deficit for the same pe
riod at about $11,000,000. A credit of $20,000,
000 is asked for military purposes.
A Bible Conference was held, August 24th, in
Stuttgart, Prelate Kapff presiding. The prelate
taking for his text, 1 Chron. xxix: 20, encouraged
the numerous assembly to renewed activity. He
pointed out the dangers to which the Evangelists
are exposed from Rome on the one hand and Com
munists threats on the other. In conclusion, he
argued convincingly that the Rationalists and Com
munists will unite, and that the people, with their
usual consistency, will carry out the false doctrines
of these unprincipled leaders to their practical
consequences. The secretary, Mr. Schweickhart,
reported that the Altona Bible Society desires the
organization of an Imperial German Bible Socie
ty, to supply Germany with Bibles, without Eng
lish aid. Among the contributors to the Bible
cause, an old lady on crutches i9 mentioned as hav
ing given the secretary a package containing 100
guilders; 50 for the Bible Society, and 50 for the
Gustavus Adolphus Uuion, with the remark that
she owed them that sum.
Getting Ahead.—The new Brahmo sect has so
far advanced that it has undertaken to confer the
title of Doctor of Theology on its teachers.
Principal Fairbaim and Professor Douglas, of the
Glasgow Free Church College, and Dr. Davidson,
one of the professors of the Edinburg Free Church
College, are attending one of the Bible Revision
Committee in London.
The Clapton Presbyterian Church, Downs Park
Road, Loudon, Rev. Mr. Davison, minister, was
recently opened, when sermons in aid of the build
iug fund were preached by the Revs. J. Cairns,
Donald Fraser, W. Chalmers, J. Oswald Dykes,
and P. Lorimer.
A SViam nnwsnnnnr wor in in nrnoroes in T.amlnn
on the suoject of literary piracy. The correspon
dents are very severe on American publishers of
British productions, and an international law of
copyright is universally demanded
The Eight Spirit —The Bishop of Exeter. Eng
land, at a recent ordination service, stated that lie
had no hesitation in saying that he looked upon
the ministers of every denomination in the country
as true ministers of Christ. lie knew no test by
which their work could be tried which would not
come to that result, because he saw that men un
der their ministry had accepted God’s truth that
the Lord had so blessed their work that he could
not doubt tor one moment that their work had His
approval, and that he had sent them.
Practioal Results.—Rev. Mr. Spurgeon, the in
defatigable pastor of the London Tabernacle, in re
cently giving an account of the results of the Col
lege established by him for the training of young
ministers, said that in six years there had been an
increase to the churches of which students of the
college had become pastors, of 16,450 members, of
which 11,261 had been admitted to the church by
these students. He said that he had constant ap
plications from persons in the United States, Ger
many. and France desirous of covuing to the col
lege, but he always discouraged them, thinking
that they ought to be educated at home to save ex
pense, and for better acquaintance with the ways
ot their o^n people.
The Jews in Rome —The correspondent of the
Londou Tablet gives a list of sixteen more convents
aud religious houses at Rome, which, he says, are
maikcd by the usurping government for confisca
tion.” He further states on this “melancholy
subject:”
That the only persons who will really benefit in
the end by the expropriations of religious houses
that are in progress—are the speculative Jews.
They will buy in the cheapest maiketthat is, of
the Governmeut, and sell in the dearest, that is,
at their owu price; and if things go as they do at
present the sons of Israel will become in time the
proprietors of Rome and Italy. They already own
most ot the newspapers, especially those which
pay.- The proprietor of tin Tiberta is a Jew,
Arbib by name; so is he of the Opinione lately
established there, Dina is his name. The Corriere
ile Milano also belongs to a Jew, and so do several
others ot the Italian journals.
When it is remembered that under the benign
temporal rule of Pio Nono aud his predecessors,
ail Jews in Rome were compelled to live in the
wretched and infamous Ghetto, and had no rights
which Romanists were bound to respect,” this
turning of the wheel of fortune for the Jews in
Rome, is not after all such a melancholy subject”
for contemplation by the rest of mankind, and the
lesson of Hainan and Mordecai forcibly suggests
itself.
Respecting the Sabbath.—It is creditable to the
Christian principles ol the new Emperor of Ger
many, aud ot Von Moltke, the Commander in
Chiet; that the general parades of the German
armies are hereafter to be held on WcdnesJay
instead of ou Sunday.
The French evidently do not inteud to remain
long a second rate military power. The system of
army re-organization adopted by the government,
if fairlv carried out. will give France within three
years an effective force of more than a million men,
and rhe improved plan of organization and dis
cipline must make this one of the finest armies in
Europe. But to establish such an army will be a
very costly undertaking, and with money already
scarce, aud ^700.000,000 yet due to Germany, the
taxation which all this preparation for new wars
before the old one is paid for must entail may pro
duce an uprising of the people which will serve to
unseat the anomalous government undertaking it
all. Thero seems to be no very great reverence on
the part of the people for the Thiers administra
tion, and some of the factious opposing it may yet
overthrow it before all these fine schemes cuu be
carried out.
A Letter, in the London Record, states that in
Damascus uot less than three thousand Moham
medans have avowed a desire to become Christians.
They have regular prayer-meetings, and pray to
the Lord Jesus Christ that he will reveal himself
as their Saviour, and lead them into truth and
light. The missionaries are reported as saying
that this wonderful iuterest increases every day.
The same letter states that many Jews are asking
to be guided to the Saviour, and that in Persia
also a great spiritual movemeut in lookidg forward
to the coming Saviour is evident.
Improvement in Japan.—The nineteenth century
has reached Japan. Under the feudal system here
tofore maintained in that country, the land was
divided into districts ruled over by princes, or dai
rnios; the whole population was divided into
samurai, or the hereditary retainers of these
princes who accounted all labor and the working
classes ignoble. The farmers constituted not less
than one tenth of the entire population. The
present mikado has ju-t issued an edict abolishing
this feudal system, consolidating the government,
and ordering all the princes to report in person to
him. Radical as is this measure, it appears likely
to provoke no serious opposition from any one,
except perhaps the samurai, who will have to go
to work aud earn their daily bread. It is, perhaps,
impossible to judge what will be the effect of this
reform, but its importance as a first breaking down
of the old conservatism can scarcely be exag
gerated. Among the immediate results will pro
bably be the abolition of all caste, and the opening,
at no very distant day, of trade and commerce with
foreign nations. In fact, there is good reason to
hope that it will prove the first step toward the
regeneration of Japan.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Virginia Nursery and Wine Company.—Captain
John M Allen is now the general agent of this com
pany, and is prepared to fill orders sent for trees,
vines, shrubbery, Ac. The public may be assured,
from a full acquaintance we have long had with
C.apt. Allen, that he is a thoroughly, energetic busi
ness gentleman, whose integrity and skill, and in
formation in every department of his operations will
i ensure entire satisfaction. Send for a cirbular and
try.
SPECIAL JiC
The subscriber, Manufactn., fig gj,
kinds of AGRICULT URAL J
and Plantation Machinery.
ciality of PLOWS of all the*
the Southern Trade. Havir
in Warehouse No. 40 and 4
Lombard St, Baltimore, his
old customers and others in f1 ch wares
to give him a call and exami whioh will
be as complete, and well mad .old at as moder
ate rates as any other like est ..nUmentin the coun
try. Address JG MATHER,
40 and 42 Light Street,
oc 18—Cm Baltimore, Md.
Mmastica fjtoto.
East Hanover Presbytery will hold an adjourned
meeting on the 4th Tuesday of November in the 1st
Church, Richmond.
A full attendance of ministers and elders is en
joined by the Presbytery and the sessions of all our
churches are directed to meet previously, and con
sider the following questions, and report to this
meeting of Presbytery:
“1. What plan can be adopted in your congrega
tion to increase its contributions?
2. How much could you pledge or certainly secure
for the work of Sustentation?’’
W. A. Campbell, Stated Clerk.
Lexington Presbytery.—fhere will be an ad
journed meeting at Rocky pring church, Novem
ber 23d at 11 A. M. R. C. Walker,
Stated Clerk.
v’d,
November 2d, at Viet. 4 xrnace, Louisa Co.,
Va., by Rev. W. A. Cau* 1, Dr. J. McDowell
McClung, of Lexington, and Miss Mary E.
Jordan, daughter of I. F. dan, Esq.
October 31st, at Stone .11 Jackson Institute,
Abingdon, Va by Revs. tr. D. Stuart and E. H.
Barnett, Henry S. Preston, Esq., and Miss Mary
Stuart, daughter of Rev. S. D. Stuart.
DEATHS.
Died, in Beverly, Randolph county, West Va.,
October 16th, Elvira Moorman, inlant daughter of
Dr. E. H. and Mrs. Ellen M. Scott, aged 7 months
and 26 days.
Died, November 2d, at Glen William, Nelson
county, Va., the residence of her son, William A.
Hart, Mrs. Julia Ann Stuart Hart, relict of the
late John B Hart, in the 79th year of her age.
WANTED—A MALE TEACHER to take im
mediate charge of a Graded (Free) School
in the village of Petersburg, Grant county, W. Va.
None need apply unless competent to teach the
Languages and Mathematics, as well as the usual
English branches.
Cr.M mnnlK ovnluoit’A r»f Thp
School to run six or eight months.
Board can be had at $12 per month.
Testimonials, not references, must accompany
applications for the position.
Address Dr. A. H. SCOTT,
no 1—2t Luneys Creek, Grant Co., W. Va.
SIXTY-FIVE FIRST PRIZE MEDALS AWARDED.
Lthe great
SOUTHERN PIANO
Manufactory.
WM. KNABE C0.f
MANUFACTURERS of
GRAND, SQUARE AND UPRIGHT
PIANO FORTES,
Baltimore, Md.
These Instruments have been before the Public
for nearly Thirty Years, and upon their excellence
alone attained an unpurchased pre-eminence, which
pronounces them unequaled, in
TONE,
TOUCH.
WORKMANSHIP
And DURABILITY.
|All our Square Pianos have our New Im
proved Overstrung Scale and the Agraffe 1 rebus.
We would call special attention to our late Pa
tented Improvements in GRAND PIANOS and
SQUARE GRANDS, fonnd in no other Piano,
which bring the Piano nearer Perfection than has
yet been attained. f
Every Piano Fully Warranted for Five Ytsars.
We are by special arrangement enah'ed to furnish
PARLOR ORGANS and MELODEON8 of the
most celebrated makers, Wholesale and Petail at
lowest Factory Prices.
Illustrated Catalogues and Price Lists promptly
furnished on application to
Wft. KNABE CO.,
Baltimore, Md.
Or any of our regular established agencies,
no 8—4m
James Gordon. John N. Gordon, Jr.
JOHN N. GORDON S SONS,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
AND
DEALERS IN METALS, GRINDSTONES, Ac.
Pearl Block, Fourteenth Street,
Between Main and Cary Streets,
RICHMOND, VA.
no 1—Cm____
FOUR "W3 50 CIS.
GREAT SUCCESS, “©fl
AMERICAN SUNDAY SCHOOL WORKER.
An Evangelical, Undenominational
Monthly, tor PARENTS, TEACHERS and SCHOL
ARS. With Sunday School Lessons, Exposition,
Illustrati ons, Questions, Blackboard Exercises, Ac.,
for each Sabbath.
This publication is designed to develop a greater
depth and spirituality in the ounaav ocnooi worir,
looking beyond methods to results.
Terms for 1872—$1.50 a Year in Advanoe.
CLUBS of TEN or more (to one address) will
receive 0 Lesson Papers, free, with each Magazine
monthly. Scholars’ Lesson Paper, monthly, with
Lessons for every Sabbath 12cts. a year; or per hun
dred $9 a year, Send 10 cents for Specimen copy,
I.esson Paper, and our own List ot Lessons for 1872,
to j. w. McIntyre.
St. Louis, Mo.
gQy" Bound Copies for 1870 aud 1871, $2 each,
postpaid. Lesson Papers on Gospel of Matthew for
1870, and on Gospel of John for 1871, same price
as 1872. no 1—2t
J^IME FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES.
Farmers wanting LIME would do well, in view of
present high freights, to have it delivered this win
ter, when freights will be lower. Payments to be
made in the spring, ir longer, if required, to re
sponsible parties.
|WEN MERCER,
Lime Bui No. 65 S. Gay street,
oc 25—lm Baltimore.
Heavy meki* Stnder shirts
ONE DOLLAR each.
i sale by
E. B. £->ENCE SON,
Merchaut Tailors, Clothiers and Dealers in Gentle
mens Furnishing Goods.
1300 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
THEY have the largest Stock of CLOTHS. CAS
SIMERES and VESTINGS found south of the Po
tomac, and with the best cutters and workmen, can
and do guarantee perfect satisfaction to all that
favor them with a call.
Agents for the celebrated PEMBROKE SHIRTS
and DRAWERS. mar 8—tf^
JOHN W. RISON,
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGGIST,
Corner Main and Third Sts., Richmond, Va.
The attention of Country Merchants and others is
asked to our stock o/ Drugs, Medicines, Chemicals,
Oils, Paints, Window Glass, Putty, Toilet Articles
and Perfumery.
We offer special inducements and promise prompt
attention to all orders.
oc 4—tf JOHN W. RISON.
THOMAS J. SPENCER,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.
Office,—Tobacco Exchange
iv 11—tf _
J. W. VAN GELDER,
attorney at law.
HAMBURG,
feb24—tf ARKANSAS,
SMITH’S
AMERICAN ORGANS.
j
UNEQUALLED
IN POWER
AND
BEAUTY OF TONE.
Prices from
$100 to $1,000.
Call at
SLEIGHT HOWARD’S
Piano and Organ Warerooms,
1011 Main St.,
my 24—tf Richmond, Va.
■jyrASON HAMLIN,
CABINET UU.UA.NS,
At BENTEEN’S,
80 West Fayette Street, Baltimore, Md.
Send lor illustrated Catalogue,
Address D. M. ROBB.
mar 8—ly
QTEINWAY SONS,
CELEBRATED PIANO-FORTES.
THESE Pianos, now universally acknowledged to
be the best and most durable manufactured in any
part of the world, can be seen in variety, and care
fully forwarded to any address by
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
ap 19—tf Richmond, Va.
“GOLDEN CHORD,”
THE CELEBRATED
ESTEY ORGANS.
Containing the
Vox Humana and Vox Jubilante Stops.
These organB are the leading instruments of the
country. Adapted to the Church, Parlor and
School. Prices Irom $50 to $1,000. Warrant'
for x years. Circular and Price list sent free.
ALSO,
THE BRADBURY PIANO.
Equal it not superior to any made. Endorsed by
the leading artists of the country. Prices from $350
upwards. HARRY SANDERS LQ.,
General Agents, 79 West Fayette Street,
Baltimore, Md.
N. B. Local Agent-’ wanted in every town in the
South. may 3—6m
ARMSTRONG CO.,
manufacturers
OF
STOVE AND HOLLOW WARE,
PLOWS AND PLOW CASTING'"’
Port Deposit, Maryland.
BEG leave to fall the particular attention of
House keepers, Stove dea'ers and the Trade gene
rally, to their celebrated
COOKING STOVES,
Emerald and Virginia.
Which we will guarantee in all cases to give entire
satisfaction.
We are also manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING STOVES, RANGES, PARLOR AND
FIRE PLACE HEATERS.
We would mention—
Magill’s Patent Fire Place Heater. Magill’s Pa
tent Gas and Smoke consuming Base Burner,
suitable for Churches, Schools, Stores,
urenuuaea, u,<j.
Manufacturers of and Wholesale Dealers in
TIN WARE AND ENAMELED WARE.
Send for descriptive and illustrated Catalogue, or
call and examine our Stock.
Responsible Agents wanted in all the principal
Towns in the Country to sell our Stoves.
Address all communications and orders to
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Office and Salesroom—
64 Light St., Baltimore, Md.
sep 20—3m
gEWING MACHINES FOR THE^^
DESIRING to do my part toward helping the
needy, and believing that systematic and diversified
charity is the most affective to accomplish good, I
therefore propose to furnish a SEWING MACHIN E
to one worthy person who has to earn a living bv
sewing, in the bounds of each congregation of all
denominations in the States of Virginia and North
Carolina, at a reduction of ONE-iHIRD bKOM
RETAIL PRICE. One order from a member of
each congregation, certified to by the pastor or the
officers in charge rb a worthy object of benevolence,
will be filled at one-third less than the usual pnce
on the price list.
Address JAMES E. A. GIBBS,
Willcox Gibbs S. M., Office Ninth and
oc 11—3m Bank Streets, Richmond, Va.
THOMAS H. STANFORD, Jr.,
504 SHOE EMPORIUM, 504
504 West Baltimore Street,
BALTIMORE, Md.
First class SHOES for LADIES, MIS3ES and
CHILDREN, manufactured expressly for our retail
sales at low prices. Warranted.
Ladles’ Lasting Button Hoots, patent leather Vamps, (3 50
•i Laced Boots 2 76
<i Hutton Boots, Kid Vamps, 3 25
it n Laced 2 fio
Plain Lasting Button Boots, 2 76
i« <i Laced 2 lb
Ladies' elegant hand Bewed Shoes made to order,
and perfection of fit guaranteed. Goods sent to any
part of the country, per order, C. O D.
Orders by mail promptly attended to.
mar 8 —ly
FREDERICK FEMALE SEMINARY,
FREDERICK, MD.
Chartered 1840, a regular College, will commence
its next scholastic year with a full corps of
Professors and Teachers,
Monday, September 11th. A French lady resides
in the family.
Send for a Catalogue containing terms view of
buildings, names of Alumni, &c. Address
Rev. THOMAS M. CANN, A. M.,
au 16—ly President.
»GREAT CHANCE FOR AGENTS,-Do
you want an agency, local or traveling, with an
opportunity to make $6 to $20 a day selling
our new 7 strand White Wire Clothes Lines?
They last forever; samples free, so there is no
irisk. Address at once Hudson River Wire
Works, corner Water Street and Maiden Lane, N.
York, or 16 Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111.
au 23—6m
WOOD AND COAL.
YARD AND OFFICE
Corner 7th and Main Streets.
Constantly on l and the best seasoned Oak and
Pine WOOD. T
Anthracite, Clover Hill, and Midlothian COAL,
at lowest market prices.
•■i au 4—6m J. R. F. BURROUGHS.
JOHN BOWERS,
SUCCESSOR TO
YALE, BOWERS YALE,
Iron Front Building, Govejgor Street,
RICHMOND, VA.,
MANUFACTURER AND WHOLESALE A RETAIL DEALER IX
TIN, SHEET IRON AND COPPER WARE,
Stoves, Ranges and Hot A‘.r Furnaces,
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
Gas Chandeliers, Parlor Grates a -d Fenders, Pumps
and Hydraulic Rams, all kin*-s and sizes of
Lead, Wrought Iron and 1 ,.iin Pipes.
Roofing, Plumbing, Gas and ..-earn Fitting.
Also the celebrated
IMPROVED DIAMOND FIRE PLACE STOVE,
For heating three or more rooms. 250 to 300
now in use in the city.
ap 19—ly _
L. P. BROCKETT’S popular history ot the
Bloody Franco-German War
Now containing a full account of the
Fearful Reign of Terror h Paris
Is selling beyond all I ?t:
It is by far the most reliable at J complete and
impartial history of that mighty struggle and its
momentous results. 642 pages, nearly 150 spirited
illustrations, price only $2.60. 60,000 copies al
ready sold. It is issued in both English and Ger
man, and is beyond question the fastest selling book
e a lam. ff
Terms extra, and freights prepaid.
Address HUBBARD BROS, Publishers,
sep 6—ly 723 Sanson Street, Philadelphia.
1,000 VOLUMES.
CAREFULLY examined and pronounced to be
in every way suitable for
SUNDAY SCHOOL LIBRARIES.
SOLD AT LOWEST RATES
AND
WARRANTED TO PLEASE.
Everything requisite or desirable for
SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
For""le',J T. L.D.WALFORD,
Depository American Tract Society,
914 Main St., Richmond, Va.
Send for our CATALOGUE.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
je 21—tf _
’buckeye beliefoundry,
i SstabUahed ia 1637.
Superior Belle for Cburchee,
Schoole, etc-of Pure Cop
per and Tin, fully war
ranted, end mounted with
our Latest Improved
Rotary Hangings, the
beet Id nee.
illltutraud Catalan tent frtt.
VANDUZEN TIFT,
MkMtlmdK (Ur&
my 17—ly __
Old Established Troy Bell Foundry,
TROY, N. YORK.—(Established 1852,) a large
assortment of Church, Academy, Fire Alarm,
aud other Bells, constantly on hand and made to
order. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper and
Tin.) Hung with Kotary Mountings, the best and
most durable ever used. All Bulls W arrantid
»SaTIS FACTORY.
Large Illustrated Catalogue sent free upon
application to JONES CO., Troy, N..Y.,
or, 109 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois,
my 24—ly
THE MENEELY BELL FOUNDERY.
I (Established in 1826.)
BELLS for Churches, Academies.
Factories, etc., of which more have
been made at this establishment
than at all the other foundries in the
country combined. All Bells war
ranted. An illustrated catalogue sent free upon ap
plication to E. A. <fc G. R. MENEELY,
jyg—iy West Troy, N. Y.
JOSHUA REGISTER SbaLTIMORE
BELL AND BRASS WORKS.
MAKU THU BEST BELLS IN USE. f
53 55 Holliday 8treet, Baltimore, Md.
ap 12—ly _, _
Wire Railing and Ornamental
WIRE WORKS.
DUFUR CO.,
36 North Howard Street, Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture Wire Railing for Cemeteries, Balco
nies, Ac., Sieves, Fenders, Cages, Sand and
Coal Screens, Woven Wire, Ac.
Also, Iron Bedsteads, Chairs, Settees. Ac., Ac.
ap 26—ly
W. H. H. ADKISSON,
BOOKSELLER, STATIONER AND PRINTER,
224 West Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, Md.
We have in stock SCHOOL BOOKS,
Southern Presbyterian HYMN BOOKS,
and a general variety of
CHILDREN’S BOOKS.
All of which are offered at the lowest market price.
Printing Neatly and Promptly Executed.
Country Merchants would do well to call and ex
amine our Stock before purchasing elsewhere.
All orders will be promptly filled.
my 10—ly
Liberal offer to sabbath
SCHOOLS AND OTHERS.
We offer the following premiums: 50 copies of
the Child’s Paper, or 60 copies of the Morning
Light, or 40 copies of the American Messenger for
one year,
For the Names of Twelve New subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $24.
Premiums in the same proportion for any larger
number of subscribers.
Specimen copies sent on application, from any of
the Society’s depositories.
This offer h jlds till the fir^day of January, 1872.
ANOTHER OFFER.
For the Names of Ten New Subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $20, we will send by mail, postpaid, n copy
of the beautiful chromo,
ASKING A BLESSING.
This picture, which sells for $7.50, is an exact re
production in colors of the oiiginal oil painting, by
Prof. Jordan.
Specimen copies can be seen at any of the So
ciety’s depositories.
American Tract Society,-160 Nassau St., N. Y.
oct 18—tf __
ANEW STYLE BOOT (Patented Feb
ruary 3d, 1871,) of French Calf, stitched rBl
to order for $7.60. Alhttyles, own make, for’
Gents, in store, 48 Fayette St., one door west of
North St., Baltimore, Md. J. 8. LEWIS,
mr 1—ly
TURNIP SEED.—Fresh and genuine—and sure
to come true to name.
RUTA BA GA, LARGE NORFOLK,
RED TOP, WHITE GLOBE,
EARLY WHITE, FLAT DUTCH.
FLA VORING SEEDS of all kinds.
PALMER A TURPIN,
No. 1626 Main street, Richmond, Va.
iy 6—tf ____
ANTHRACITE
AND
BITUMINOUS
COAL.
OAK AND PINE WOOD.
S. H. HAWES,
mr 29—ly 18th and Cary Sts., Richmond.
Attention, Agents I Think of This!!
Wonderful Success!! 30,000
Conies of Brockets History of the Franco-German
War sold first 60 davs. It now contains a lull his
tory of the Red Rebellion in Paris, making nearly
600 pages and 150 elegant illustrations, and will sell
five times faster than heretofore. Price, only $2.o0.
Incomplete works, written in the interest of the
Irish and French, are being offered with old illus
trations, and, for want ot merit, claiming to be offi
cial, etc. Beware of such. Brockett s in both Eng
lish and German, is the most impartial, popular,
reliable, cheap and fast selling work extant. Look
to your interests, strike quickly aad you can coin
money. Circulars free, and terms excelled by none.
Address J. W; GOODSPEED A CO.,
37 Park Row, N. Y., or 148 Lake St., Chicago,
feb 22—ly ___ _
CANFIELD, BROTHER CO.,
No. 229 Baltimobe St., BaLtimobe, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
WALTHAM WATCHES.
These Watches have a reputation fully established,
and are sold at a less profit than any competing
Watches in the market. _
We also keep a full stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
Diamonds, Rich Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Ware,
Triple Silver-Plated Ware,
Forks, Spoons, Knives,
Clocks, Bronzes, Vases,
Opera Glasses,
Fans and Fine Fancy Goods.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs,
oc 18—ly ___*'
JJISON’S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for RISON’S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician:
“I certify that I commenced using Rison's To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869, and after using
Bix or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, all desire tor tobacco was eradicated, after
being an inveterate tobacco chewer and smoker for
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
UUMVRKYS, VAT, AUgUSl 11, 10(1.
OC 4—tf
(Established 1848. J
TO THE FARHEBS AND PLANTERS of Maryland
and the South generally:
HORNER’S Maryland SUPER PHOSPHATE.
(We court the Chemist’s Inquiry)
After 23 year’s experience in the Fertilizing bus
iness, and after establishing a wide reputation for
the parity and excellence of his Bone Dust, the
subscriber has been induced to prepaje a Phosphate
suitable to the requirements, and every way worthy
the attention of the Southern Farmer.
The Maryland” is a Rejuvenator and permanent
Improver ot the soil. It stimulates equal to Peru
vian Guano, and sustains eaual to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liberal percentage of Potash in the residuum.
There is no adulterator nor inferior article used—
every particle of the Phosphate being of essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor.expense have
been spared in its preparation, and we claim for it
the greatest benefit to the farmer from the smallest
outlay. _
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
stimulant and aliment for worn and impoverished
land, there can be nothing superior. ,It is warrant
ed to run as high in Ammonia and higher in Bone
Phosphate than any other fertilizer in the market.
Price $50 per ton, in new bags. No charge for
delivery. JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant,
Office and WarchfU^e, 54 S. Gay St., General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew arid Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md.
Bone Dust, $45, JstfKW.™
jwn manufacture, in new bags Eastern and es-,
tern Bone Dust, $35, Peruvian Guano, delivered from
Peruvian Government W arehouse at lowest rates.
No charge for delivery. r
au 23—ly JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
TjUUJiT AND ORNAMENTAL TREES.
A HERMITAGE NURSERIES,
Richmond, Va.
THE VIRGINIA NURSERY AND WINE
COMPANY.
Proprietor of these widely-known Nurseries have
■emoved their office to Columbian Block. (Corn Ex
ihange,) Room No. 2, Second Floor, corner 13th
vnd Cary streets.
The stock for the fall trade is unusually fine,
arge, and well-grown, embr°.c:ng a full assortment
jf Apple, Peach, Pear, Plum. Cherry, and other
Fruit Trees as well as small Fruits, Grape-vines,
Asparagus, together with Ornamental 1 rees, Ever
greens, Shrubbery, &c., kc.
For Catalogues and information, call at office or
iddress
JOHN M. ALLAN, General Agent,
No 2, Columbian Block,
sep 27—3m Richmond, Va.
LANCASTER A CO.,
STOCK AMD EXCHANGE BROKERS
AND BANKERS,
Main Street between 11th and 12th streets.
DEAL in Bonds, Stocks, Exchange Gold, Silver
ind Bank note*. Receive Deposits. Negotiate loans,
aug 1—ly
GRAHAM WILSON,
Of Rockbridge Co., Va.,
WITH
P. E. WILSON.
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
(fn Corn and Flour Exchange Block,)
Richmond, Va.
Pay particular attention to the sale of TOBACCO,
WHEAT, FLOUR, and all kinds of country produce.
Prompt returns guaranteed.
Liberal advances made on consignments.
Grain bags furnished free of charge,
my 24—6m
Baltimore millstunb maul
AND
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
Dealers in
Bolting Cloths, Belting, Smut Machines, &e.
B. F. STARR ft CO.,
my 10—ly 173 North St., Baltimore, Md.
R-1fLES. SHOT-GUNS, REVOLVERS, GUN
MATERIAL. Write for Price List, to Great
Western Gcn Works, Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Guns,
Revolvers, ftc., bought or traded for.
Agents tcanted. jy 2G—6m
XTTATCHES and jewelry.
C. GENNET,
1011 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
All the latest designs in
WATCHES, JEWELRY, and SILVER GOODS.
New and Beautiful Goods for
PRESENTATION.
for
WEDDING and BIRTHDAYS,
FRIENDSHIP and AFFECTION,
sep 6—3m
IMPROVED INSTRUMENT FOR LAND
SURVEYING.
INVENTED BT
J. M. LILLEY, Staunton, Virginia.
THIS INSTRUMENT has been adopted at the
United StateB Military Academy, West Point; Wash
ington College, Va., and many of the leading Insti
tutions of learning of the country, and is recom
mended by the Professors of Mathematics and En
gineering, and by Practical Surveyors who have
used it, as superior to any instrument now in use for
the purposes for which it is designed.
Send for Circular containing description of In
strument, price list and recommendations.
Orders failed promptly.
Address R. D. ft J. C. LILLEY,
Staunton, Virginia.
Or the following Agents: Messrs. Stackpole ft
Bro., 41 Fulton Street, New York; R. W. Carroll
ft Co., Cincinnati, Ohio; J. P. Morton ft Co., Lou
imlle, Ky., A. S. Aloe, St. Louis, Mo,
feb 2—tf