DOMESTIC MISCELLANY.
James Biver Improvement.—The joint committee
on this subject have presented to the City Council
a most encouraing report. In June last there were
but 91 feet of water at mean low-tide on the Rich
mond bar. now they have a channel-way 4 500 feet
lone. 75 feet wide, and 15 feet deep at low-tide,
which gives a depth of over 18 feet twice a day.
The rocky reefs across the channel will soon be re
moved by the United States Government, and the
entire obstructions will be so removed down the
river as to complete a standard depth of 18 feet to
the sea in ten months. Dutch Gap Canal will be
entirely finished before tho end of this month, t
Rightly Hit.—Rev. Stephen H. Tyng, Jr., re
cently said in a speech that when a man began to
search tor traces of the ape in his composition, he
did not have to look far to find them.
_ Insolvent.—Tbe_ New York Tribune publishes a
list of fifty two insurance companies that have
been rendered insolvent by the Chicago fire. Of
this number, twenty-one are in the State of New
York, twelve in New England, and nineteen in
Western States. It is estimated that in the aggre
gate about fifty per cent, of the risks taken will be
Paid-
Great Magnet.—A magnet has just been com
pleted for Professor Henry Morton, of the Steven’s
Polytechnic Institute at Hoboken, the weight of
which is 1,600 pounds, about twelve times heavier
than the celebrated magnet of Professor Henry, of
the Smithsonian. Its lifting force is estimated at
betiveen thirty and fifty tons, nearly five times more
powerful than that used by Professors Faraday and
Tyndall in their famous experiments.
The Hnattained.—The editor of The Woman s
Journal, published in San Francisco, Cal., offers
to give a free advertisement to any shoemaker who
will settle in that city, and make shoes as follows:
Any one who will, in San Francisco, manufac
ture for ladies’ wear a good article of calf-skin
shoes, with low, broad heels, material and work
manship sueh as will insure comfort, warmth, and
dryness to the feet, can have free advertisement
of the fact to the extent of our circulation.”
Such a shoemaker would be most welcome any
where, and some one will yet make a fortune in
constructing an easy and yet not an ugly shoe, that
bears some resemblance to the natural shape of the
foot, as the glove to the band. Y Y -1
Professor Hayden, Chief of Geological Survey
of the Territories, reports many interesting and
curious facts about that wonder-land,” the' val
ley of the Upper Yellowstone River and Lake.
Among other facts he states that the geological
formation of the valley is wholly volcanic, and that
it contains between one thousand and fifteen hun
dred hot springs. The Grant”_ geyser throws a
column of hot water eight feet in diameter to a
height of over two hundred feet, at regular
intervals of thirty two hours. TLu
The Chicago Trbune explodes the story that that
city was built of stone heavily charged with petro
leum. It says the only building in the city of
size buiit of the supposed oil stone was the Second
Presbyterian Church, and the walls of that build
ing were not reduced to ashes, bpt stand conspicu
ously erect among the ruins of a hundred other
buildings utterly destroyed. rv
Women Lawyers.—We cannot mourn perhaps
we should that Harvard declines to admit the New
Hampshire girl to its law department. Lassies
and lawyers are each good in their way, and wp
have no desire to fail out with either class; but
why a sensible lassie should wish to be a lawyer
passes our comprehension; and if we thought the
Mashua lassie would listen to our advice, we should
beg her to let Coke and -Blaekstone alone, and turn
her thoughts to other occupations. However, if
she must be a lawyer, there are doubtless schools
in which she^can study to her soul’s content; and
when she wins a great case in the'Supreme Court1
perhaps old Harvard will be sorry it 'refused her
admission. ,r--i
The Medical and Surgical Reporter estimates
the cost, to the people of the United States, of
medical services and medicines, at $100,000,000,;
and add $25,000,000 for the quack medicines swal
lowed. Let tho people,” it says, “study these
figures awhile, and then reflect that probably one
half, or certainly a large fraction, of this expense,
is incurred by a deliberate infraction of the laws of
health; that, if they tippled less, smoked less,'
over-worked less, were less ‘fast’ and less self in
dulgent,' they would save some thirty or forty mil
lions a year.’’
FOREIGN ITEMS.
Famine in Persia.—The accounts present an as
pect truly appalling. A correspondent of the New
York Olsei'ver says:
“Unhappy Persia seems to be sorely visjted,
this year, by the judgments of God. Kasha
Gtteijis, of Orootniah, has just returned from
Ispahan, where he has been laboring several
months past, under the direction of Rev. Robert
Bruce, of the Church Missionary Society. He re
ports successful labors there, and much to encour
age the heart of the Christian. But his accounts
of the famine in all the South of Persia are heart
rending. He'says the official returns made to in
quiries ordered by the Shah, who sent large stores
ior the relief of the sufferers, summed up between
fourteen thousand and sixteen thousand dead by
famine. This Kasha was the agent of Mr. Bruce
in distiibuting, monthly, between $60 and $80
among the starving people form his private funds,
and he describes some most harrowing seenes. He
says the past winter and spring seem now to him
like a wild dream. Children were stolen, killed,
and eaten. Horses, donkeys, dogs and cats were
greedily devoured. The eyes and brains of such
as bad died were dug out and eaten. The leg
bones of animals that had died were soaked, and
the skin scraped off and eaten. In fine, every-,
thing that the teeth of hungry men could peno
Irate was eaten. The dead lay in tho streets; and
the dying, shriveled human forms crept along by
the aid of walls to prevent their falling from ex
haustion, with open mouth, yet speechless tongues,
beggiDg for bread. Flocks, cattle and horses were
either killed and devoured, or died for want of
grass or provender; and horses were not found
even for post riders. The cause of the famine was
the great scarcity of water the past two years, and
the terrible sufferings could not be relieved by
rapid communication, as there are no railroads nor
s eamboat8 in Persia. The cholera has appeared
in these regions, and at last accounts was prevail
ing.” .,/>!>-Vi
A Letter dated Teheran, August 7ihj in the
Cologne Gazett,'states that cholera, pestilence,
f ;niine, and bad government make tbe situation in
Persia more horrible from day to day. Of the
120,000 inhabitants of Meschad, the capital of
Khorasan, two-thirds perished from hunger and
disease in the course of July last, while the remain
ing third tied, and were mostly captured by roving
troops of Turkomans and Afghans, and led into
slavery. At Schiras and Tabris insurrections have
token cut.
American Colleges in Turkey.—A missionary re
turning to his field in Turkey writes to one of our
Congregational contemporaries of the joy and pride
with which he looked upon tbe new American col
lege at Constantinople. It stands perched high on
the northern bluff of the Bosphorus, just above
the old fortress of Europe. The site is the finest
in the whole length of that classic Strait. The
wonder is that the Turks should ever have sur
rendered so choice a spot for such a use. The
building is a very handsome one, of stone',' with
Mansard roof. Bat oven now it proves insufficient
for the pupils who apply, even at the rate of tui
tion and board ot $200 for one year. Dr. Hamlin
comes to America this fall for money to put up a
second building. It quite jumps with the spirit of
the times that be will also seek funds to found a
female college of like character.
Separation of Church and State.—Archdeacon Den
nison has come out in favor of the separation of
Church and State in England. It is a curious fact
that the High Church party there coincides with
the Dissenters on this question. The merely ac
cidental fact, however, .that the government has
been against, the High Church partisans, accounts
for it. On the continent, the opinion in favor of
independence, of Church and. State rapidly ad
vances. Bismarck’s most formidable difficulties,
under the new empire, arise from their union, in
volving, as it does, the relations of the Ultramon
taoists and the Dollinger reformers. The German
governments are perplexed beyond measure by the,
question of these relations, and all thoughtful men
see that to cut asunder Church and State would
end such troubles forever.
The Leaven Spreading.— The first Christian
Church in Constantinople was founded in 1846;
there are now 76 in tbe Turkish empire, about a
third of which are self-supporting and all self gov
erning. Four Evangelical Unions’’ have been
formed for mutual counsel and aid ore at Har
poot in Dr esopotamia of 26 churches, another in
southern Asia Minor of 23 churches, another in
Central Asia Minor of 8 churches, aDd another in
Bithynia of 11 churches. Connected with these
churches are 3.303 members, and congregations
numbering 13 000 with a population of over 18,000
native Protestants.
England Buys Sumatra.—England has purchased
from the Dutch government the island of Sumatra
Em the East Indes. ,,i*;
___
Begging for the Pope, to save him from starva
tion, has been forbidden in Switzerland, on the
ground that the 20th section of the police law for
bids all begging and vagabondage.
The Saltan and the Pope.—Munsignor Franchi,
the special Papal envoy to the Court of the Sultan,
has taken his departure from Constantinople, hav
ing failed in his efforts to obtain any guarantees
from the Sultan in regard to the status of the
Catholic subjects of Turkey. The Sublime Porte
persistently refused to enter into any discussion of
the condition of its Christian subjects.
Aid from Belgium.—The Belgian governmen t has
forwarded $20,000 to America for the relief of
Belgian settlers in Wisconsin by the forest fires.
The government has also opened a subscription for
voluntary contributions for the same object.
Emigration from. England to the United States is
increasing rapidly. During the last three months
for which an official report was made, the depart
ures from Liverpool were five thousand in excess
of the preceding quarter. Among these emi
grants are many skilled laborers and mechanics.
The Labor Strikes are on the increase in both
Germany and Belgium. In the large manufactur
ing town of Chemnitz, in Saxony, the operations
of twenty factories have been suspended in conse
quence of the strike of the operatives. The strike
commenced in Ghent, Belgium, is spreading among
all classes of workingmen.
Open Arctic Sea.—The report that the German
Arctic expedition had discovered an open sea turns
out to be untrue. What they did discover was
‘‘an open channel between Spitzbergen and Nova
Zembla, which, it was surmised, might possibly
lead him into an open polar sea.” It remains to
be proved that this channel was anything more
than a temporary opening through the ice, and
that a second expedition may Dot find it locked as
securely as any other part of the Arctic seas.
There are indications of wonderful moral move
ments in the East. In Damascus from 3,000 to
5,000 Mohammedans are holding prayer-meetings
and are said to be on the point of becoming avowed
Christians, and the inhabitants of other Syrian
villages are voluntarily accepting Christianity.—
Many Jews are becoming inquirers. The Druses
are expecting the coming of the Saviour from
China, and in Persia many are looking for the ap
pearance of the expected Saviour.
Near Enough for Mischief.—The Jesuits who have
been expelled from Rome intend to establish their
headquarters at Nice, where they can receive
prompt information of all that passes at Rome.
They are removing thither their great educational
institutions, their valuable books, and their exten
sive museum of antiquities and treasures of anoient
art.
Advancing.—At a lay conference in connection
with the Presbyterian Church in Ireland, held an
Londonderry, resolutions were moved pledging
the meeting to raise £30 000, the sum required to
bring the income of each minister up to £100 a
year, in lieu of the Regium Donum.
Worship of the Virgin in France.—The Rev.
Mr. Robertson, a well known Scotch clergyman,
writes an interesting letter to a cotempcrary on the
state of religion in France. He says:—‘‘Itis now
twenty-seven years since I began to study atten
tively the state of religion in France, and I am
much struck, not merely with the way that the new
Ultramontane party has gained in extent, but also
by the steady growth of its opinions. I have no
hesitation in saying that there are heathen tribes
that are practically nearer the truth than the new
Ultramontanes of France, All worship of God
seems to have disappeared—being replaced by a
devotion to the blessed Virgin the Holy Trinity
is superseded by a new one, ‘J. M. J.,‘ that is
Jesus, Mary, Joseph, who are put quite on a level.
When our blessed Lord is alluded to, it is only as
a man, and generally as an infant, but never as the
God and Judgo of all. A Catholic priest said to
me the other day, ‘These gentlemen have certainly
simplified matters greatly. They have reduced the
creed to a single article—“ I believe in the Pope;”
the Bible to a single verse—‘‘Thou art Peter;”
worship to a single observance—‘‘Thou shalt wor
ship the blessed Virgin and duty to a single rule
In every difficulty consult the Sacred Congre
gation at Rime, and obey it exactly.’” And really
there is not much exaggeration in this.”
A Chinese Statesman’s Opinion of Christianity.—
He says: “‘Those who have been converted by the
Christian missionaries, are the dregs-of the peo
pie, bad subjects, weeds from among the populace,
a despicable race, with whom proper people will
have no intercourse; poor- trash, old women from
the country, the most ignorant and debased peo
ple. Besides, whenever the teacher’s baok is
turned they fall back into the old servioe of the
gods. The missionaries are uneducated people;
what they preach is all foggy, spiritless stuff, false,
shallow, indigested. They ought to go to school
to the Chinese learned class whoever has the least
healthy common sense, cannot listen to them,
without being forced to shake with laughter. Yet
there is great danger in Christianity; it unsettles
the moral relations between sovereign and subject,
between parents and children, between man and
wife, between brother and brother, between friend
and friend, an.d thus dissolves the unity of the
nation, its only means of maintaining its indepen
dence. For these reasons Christianity must be
opposed, and it would be to the interest, even of
Christian nations, to hinder missions. For if the
spirit of rebellion and independence should spread,
the emperor himself would not be able to execute
the treaties made with Western powers, as the
people are in the highest degree incensed at the
provisions of those treaties.”
The Big Bill.—In settling the difficulties between
France aud Germany. France agreed to pay 5,000,
000,000 francs (or nearly one million dollars) as
indemnity. This is the largest sum of money ever
contracted for in one bargain. Some idea of its
immensity may be conceived from the fact that it
is equal to all the gold mined in America from 1800
to 1848, when the California mines were discover
ed. It is equal to the whole of the gold products
of California and Australia for ten years. It near
ly^ equals the whole product of the Potosi silver
mines for three centuries and a half. It is equal
to the combined gold and silver crops of the globe
for five years, and represents a tenth of the whole
available specie and bullion (und how in circula
tion.
A Touching Instance of Christian Love —The Mo
ravian converts among the Esquimaux in Labra
dor, hearing that the Moravian Church at Shiloh
among the Kaffirs in South Africa were building a
house of worship, sent them a donation of $25. In
reply they sent a letter saying, “We could not
have expected such a gift, as our teachers told us
of your cold climate possessing neither cows or
sheep like ourselves. Though we are poor you
are still poorer. We thank you, dear friends in
Christ. We see in it the power of God’s word
working in us to love one another, although we
have never seen each other. The Lord bless you
for your love, and repay you what you have done
for us.”
Napoleon —The ex-Emperor of the French has
returned from Torquay to Chiselhurst. It seems
that he is really quite poor, having-been obliged
to dismiss several of his servants. The Empress
was, last winter, obliged to sell some of her most
valuable jewels, and is now in Spain trying to sell
her property. Chiselhurst, for which the Empe
ror was to have paid some $6,000 rent, is also to
be given up for a more economical residence. The
actual income of the Emperor is stated to be $25,
000 a year, but the Empress, by the sale of her
Spanish property and jewels, hopes to raise it to
$80,000, on which, with strict economy, they hope
to enjoy some modest comforts in their exile!”
The subscriber. Manufacturer and Dealer in all
kinds of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Farm
and Plantation Machinery. He also makes a spe
ciality of PLOWS of all the various varieties for
the. Southern Trade. Having established himself
in Warehouse No.. 40 and 42 Light St., corner of
Lombard St., Baltimore, respectfully invites all his
old customers and others interested in such wares
to give him a call and examine his stock, whioh will
be as complete, and well made, and sold at as moder
ate rates as any other like establishment in the coun
try. Address JOHN MAYHER,
40 and 42 Light Street,
oc 18—6m Baltimore, Md.
Ufatmd;,
November 1st, near Walker’s Church, Appomat
tox county, Va.. by the Rev. G. W. Leyburn, Dr.
Charles S. Morton and Miss Mary Lavalette,
daughter of Spencer Gilliam, Esq.
On the 7th instant, in this city, by Rev. Thos. L.
Preston, George A. Noi.ting and Miss Sarah T.
Massie, both ot Richmond.
October 26th, in Chicago, at the residence of the
bride’s father, by Rev. Maurice Waller, assisted by
Rev. W. W. Harsha, D. D., Rev. J. G. Hunter,
pastor of the Presbyterian church, Georgetown, Ky.,
and Miss Katie Breckinridge, daughter of Hon.
Henry Waller, formerly of Kentucky.
On the 26th of September, by Rev. W. Jones, D.
E. J. Baskkkville and Miss Mat M. Hinton, of
Mecklenburg county, Va.
November 8th, at the Montgomery White Sulphur
Springs, Va., by the Rev. Richard Mcllwaine, Capt.
James Hoffman, ot Lynchburg, and Miss Nettie
M. Wilson.
October 17th, by Rev. J. M. Rice, Thomas Jack
son and Miss Deborah Steers, all of Alleghany
county, Va.
November 2d, by the same. James H. Hughes
and Miss Melissa L. .Bryant, both of Lewis Tun
nel, C. 0. R. R.
November 8th, by the same, Robert A. M. Skeen,
son of Col. Wm. Skeen, and Miss Lucie E., daugh
ter of James M. Montague, all of Alleghany county.
October 31st, in New Orleans, La., at the resi
dence of the bride’s mother, by Rev. Thomas R.
Markham, assisted by Rev. Dr. J. E. C. Doremus,
Dr. Joseph F. Joor, of Thibodaux, La., and Miss
Ella H., daughter of Mrs. Theodosia S. and the
late Rev. S. B. Hall
October 26th, in New Orleans, La., by the Rev.
William Flinn, Thomas W. Cox and Miss Mary
Brown, both of New Orleans.
November 8th, near Millboro’ Springs, Va., by
Rev. R. P. Kennedy, John S. Dickinson and Miss
Lizzie P. Porter, all ot Bath county, Va.
DEATHS.
Died, November 3d, at the residence of hi* pa
rents, Back River, Elizabeth City county, Va.,
Washington Randolph, son of Robert W. and An
nie Drewry, aged 2 years, 6 months and 27 days.
Died, October 27th, in New Orleans, La., Kate
Gordon, fourth daughter of Rev. Dr. B. M. and
Mrs. Mary A. Palmer, aged 19 years and 2 months.
Died, September 20th, near Newport, Augusta
county, Va., Mrs. Lucy M. Robertson, in the 38th
year of her age. Mrs. Robertson was a member of
the Methodist Church, and died a very peaceful
death, in the blessed hope of a glorious immortality.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.
Education Committee.
The Treasurer of Education of the General As
sembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United
States acknowledges the receipt of the following
sums for the months of September and October.
Synod of Alabama.—Pby of Tuskaloosa. Gaines
ville, additional, 16.96 Pby of South Alabama.—
Marion, 32 Jacksonville, less 26, 8.86; Rice OreeK,
1 76; New Lebanon, 2; James Isbel, 10; Presby terial
collection, 80; Seltna. additional, 14.90. Pby of East
Elabama. Union Spring, 11.30. 177 26
Synod of Arkansas.—J. J. (Jams, Wittsburg, 20 00
Synod of Georgia —Pby of Atlanta. Friend
ship, 4; Long Cane, 10.18. 14 18
Synod of Kentucky.—Pby of Muhlenburg. Allens
ville, 10 60. Pby of W. Lexington. Bethel, 20 80 60
Synod of Memphis.—Pby of Western District.—
Denmark, 80 26
Synod.of Mississippi.—Pby of Louisiana. Jack
son, 30.20. Pby of Mississippi. Natchez, 69; Carmel,
6. 86 20
Synod of North Carolina.—Pby of Fayetteville,
110 Pby of Orange. Alamance, 7.33; Chapel Hill,
30; Buffaloe, 7.41; Hillsboro,’ 8.90; Grassy Creeic, 1.28;
Leaks vi’le, 2.96; Rev. J. W. Shearer, 6. 173 87
Synod of South Carolina.—Pby of Bethel. Doug
las, 10; Oa’holie, 36 60; Waxhaw, 32 60; Ebenezer and
Rock Hill, 30; Rev. L. W. O., 6. 114 00
Synod of Texas.—Pby of Cen. Texas. Premium
on specie, 66
Synod of Virginia Pby of E. Hanever. Olivet,
6.60. Pby of Lexington. Loch Willow, 10 Pby of
Abingdou. Capt Matthews, 60. Pby of Montgome
ry. Salem, 20 New Providence, 42.79 Interest on
Wood’s legacy, 70; Salem, 16; A lady, per Rev. T. W.
Hooper, 6. Pby of Roanoke. Cub Creek, 1 60; Pen
uel, 6; Providence, 8; Spring Hill, 27.33; Presbytery,
6.38 Pby of West Hanovel*. Appomattox C. H.,
4.40. t 266 90
Miscellaneous.—A. T. Bowen, Berlin, Md., 36;
Waynesboro,’ Va., 10; Hy Moore, Lewisville, Ark.,
less 26, 9.76; Miss L. A. Donne, Frederick, Md., 2 60. 67 26
Total, *970 06
i,C. GENNET, Treasnrer.
Publication Committee.
The Treasurer of Publication of the General As
embly of the Presbyterian Church in the United
States acknowledges the receipt of the following
sums for the months of September and October.
Synod of Alabama.—Pby of S. Alabama. Selma,
18.13, Pby of Tuskaloosa. Pleasant Ridge, 3 26. 16 38
Synod of Georgia —Pby of Atlanta. Long Cane,
8 76; White Oak, 6; Newnan, 11; Hopenville, 4.06.—
Pby of Augusta. Eatontown,4; Augusta 1st, 242.70.
Pby of Cherokee. Marietta, 10; Brook Haven, 6.10. 286 60
Synod of Mississippi.—Pby of Mississippi.—
Natchez, 60 00
Synod of Kentucky.—Pby of West Lexington. Mt.
Horeb, 16 00
Synod of North Carolina.—Pby of Fayetteville,
60. Pby of Orange. Dr. R. A. Patterson, 1, 61 00
Synod of S. Carolina.—Pby of Harmony. Carolina, 8 60
Synod of Virginia.—Pby of Roanoke. Concord,
6; Penuei, 6. 10 00
Miscellaneous.—Hy Moore, Lewisville, Ark., 6 00
Total, *447 48
C. Gennet, Treasurer.
Richmond, Va., Nov 1st, 1871.
erccteiastol polices.
East Hanover Presbytery will hold an adjourned
meeting on the 4th Tuesday of November in the 1st
Church, Richmond.
A full attendance of ministers and elders is en
joined by the Presbytery and the sessions of all our
churches are directed to meet previously, and con
sider the following questions, and report to this
meeting of Presbytery:
1. What plan can be adopted in your congrega
tion to increase its contributions?
2. How much could you pledge or certainly secure
for the work of Sustentation
W. A. Campbell, Stated Clerk.
Lexington Presbytery.—There will be an ad
journed meeting at Rocky Spring church, Novem
ber 23d at 11 A. M. R. C. Walker,
Stated Clerk.
Commercial Matters,
WHOLESALE MARKETS.
Tuesday, November 14, 1871.
Revised and corrected by Thomas J. Spencer,
General Commission Merchant, Tobacco Exchange,
Richmond.
Gold—Selling, 111J. Silver—Selling, 110.
Tobacco Market.
Lugs, $6@$8.50; Primings, $3.50@$6; Com
mon Shipping Leaf, $6.60@10 Fine Shipping, $10
@16; Common Wrappers, $6@12; Fine Bright
Wrappers, $15@65.
Provisions.
Bacon.—Sides, 9@9$c.; Shoulders, 8@8£c.;
plain hams, 16@18c.; canvassed hams, 18c
Flour.—Superfine, $7.60@8; Extra, $8@8.25;
Family, $9.
Meal—Bolted, 95e@$l.
Coffee.—Java, 2H@30c.; Laguayra, 22@24c.;
Rio, 22@23c.
Sugar.—Crushed, 14£@15c.; refined extra “C.”
13c.; brown, ll@13c.
Molasses.—Cuba, 26@27c.; Porto Rico, 60@76c.
Butter.—Fresh country, 25@30c.; Common 20@
23c.
Salt—Alum, $2.10; Liverpool, $2 60.
Candles.—Sperm, 40c.; adamantine, 13@16c.;
tallow, 15c.
Bees Wax—28c.
Hay—Timothy prime, $1.20@$1.25. Clover hay,
96@*1.
Wool—Washed, 65@66c.; unwashed, 30@45c.
Grain.—Wheat, white prime, $l.t>0@1.70; red,
$1.60@1.70; corn, 65@76c.; oats, 65@80c.; rye,
$1.
FlaxSeed.—$1.90@$2. Clover Seed, $8@8.26;
Herd grass seed, $2.
Fish.—Mackerel,No. 1, $27@28; kits, $3.50@6;
Herrings, $6@7i.
Fresh Meats, &c.—Beef, nett, 6@9c.; mutton,
$2@6 a piece; pork, 8@9 cts., nett.
Lard—12@13 cents.
Egos—Per dozen, 23@25 cents.
Chickens—16@35 cents.
Dried Apples—8@10c.; peaches, 12@14c.
Cotton—20@25 cents.
Feathers—50@75 cents.
Lime—$1.66@$1.70.
Tickings—13@30 cents.
Cotton Oznaburgs—12$@14 cents.
Brown Shirtings—4-4, 12J@16; 9@10c.
Timber—Virginia Pine, seasoned, $20@26.
Shingles—Virginia heart, $3@6.
Staves—Whiskey barrel staves, no sale; flour
barrel staves, $7@8.
Guano—Peruvian, $77; Pacific, $54.
WANTED, bjr a LADY thoroughly competent
and experienced, a Situation as TEACHER
in a private family or college.
Address CHRISTIANA,
no 16—3t Petersburg, Va.
J^IME FOR AGRICULTURAL PURPOSES.
Farmers wanting LIME would do well, in view of
present high freights, to have it delivered this win
ter, when freights will be lower. Payments to be
made in the spring, or longer, if required, to re
sponsible parties.
BOWEN MERCER,
Lime Burners, No. 05 S. Gav street,
i oc 26—lm Baltimore.
BAPTIZED FIRE.
THE
Chicago Phenix,
A UNIVERSAL NEWSPAPER.
Read the following.
A popular weekly paper for the times, embracing
the leading features of those journals destroyed by
the terrible conflagration, and combining just such
a corps of writers as will give the public all the news
of the week, in a condensed compilation of the lead
ing journals of the nation, and the world.
A TRUTHFUL RECORD.
The Phesix will be the most truthful and reliable
recorder of incidents and facts concerning the great
fire, ever published.
ACCOUNTS OF THE FIRE.
It will contain only such accounts as are vouched
for by reliable witnesses, and will correct the erro
neous and fabricated statements of sensational
writers.
CHICAGO AND THE NEWS.
It will, for a time, be devoted especially to the
past, present and future of Chicago, besides being
the most complete weekly newspaper in the world.
FIRESIDE COMPANION AND NEWSPAPER.
Its columns are devoted to News, Commerce,
Science, Literature, Art, Drama, Music, Humor,
Pastime, Poetry, Fashion, Society news, and enough
of Romance to make it a most desirable fireside
companion, as well as the most reliable and com
plete newspaper for the business man in the count
ing-room.
BEAUTIFUL ILLUSTRATIONS.
It will be illustrated with engravings taken from
Photographs of the Chicago Ruins, instead of
sketches “By Our Special Artist” who was not
“on the spotand thus give a series of perfect
views, not obtainable elsewhere, and the first num
ber will contain the only correct map of the burned
city.
HAPPY HOURS.
That beautiful literary journal, “Happy Hours,’’
whose publisher was the first to issue a paper to
meet the public demand, after the awful fire, has
been merged into the literary department of the
Phenix, which will embrace the contributions of
more than sixty of the most popular writers of ihe
day.
a special feature.
The Phenix will contain, as an rspecial feature, a
more complete record of incidents and results of
the late terrible fire, than can be found in any book,
paper or other publication in the country. So nu
merous and inaccnrate have been the accounts sent
forth, that something reliable and readable is eager
ly sought at this time, and The Phenix will fill the
bill.
A PAPER FOR THE PEOPLE.
The Phjsnix is the cheapest paper in America,
being an eight page, forty column weekly, at only
two dollars a year; in fact it shall be the paper for
the people and the times.
THE FIRST NUMBER.
The first number will be issued on Saturday. Nov.
11th, and will be the paper wanted by every body,
as a record worth preserving or to send away, and
for its accurate illustrations.
ITS BASIS.
It is a consolidation of other journals, and there
fore on a solid foundation, continuing their former
circulation.
NEW SUBSCRIBERS.
To any person who gets us three new subscribers,
we will send The Phenix for one year tree, or one
of our beautiful prize, steel plate engravings worth
$2.50.
PREMIUMS.
For the purpose of rapidly increasing our sub
scription list before the close of the present year,
we will give to every person who subscribers for the
Phenix during the month of November, a beautiful
steel plate engraving, worth $2.50, half a dollar
more than the price of subscription. No such op
portunity was ever before given, and probably never
will be again. Avail yourself of it. Engravings
will be promptly and safely sent by mail ordelivered
at this office, as subscribers may w,sh.
SUBSCRIBE NOW.
Send in your names and subscriptions at once,
and sustain this great, newspaper enterprise. Price
of subscription only $2 per year. Single copies 5
cents. Agents wanted everywhere.
PHENIX PUBLISHING CO.,
62 West Madison Street,
no 15—ly Chicago, 111.
W‘ANTED—A MALE TEACHER to take im
mediate charge of a Graded (Free) School
in *he village of Petersburg, Grant county, W. Va.
None need apply unless competent to teach the
Languages and Mathematics, as well as the usual
English branches.
Salary, $60 per month, exclusive of board. The
.School to run six or eight months.
Board can be had at $12 per month.
Testimonials, not references, must accompany
applications for the position.
Address Dr. A. H. SCOTT,
no 1—2t. Luneys Creek, Grant Co W. Va.
JOHN W. RISON,
W WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGGIST,
Corner Main and Third Sts., Richmond, Va.
The attention of Country Merchants and others is
asked to onr stock of Drugs, Medicines, Chemicals,
Oils, Paints, Window Glass, Putty, Toilet Articles
and Perfumery.
We offer special inducements and promise prompt
attention to all orders.
oc 4—tf JOHN W. RISON.J
j^-EW PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY.
W. G. RHFRAYSER
has opened a new and splendid
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY,
IN
STEABN’S BUILDING, No. 1011 Main street,
immediately opposite the post office,
to which he invites the attention ot his
friends and the public generally.
The Gallery is fitted up in the most handsome
style, and supplied with the instruments of the new
est and most improved patterns, including
DALLMEYEB’S NEW PATENT PORTRAIT LENS.
Having himself been in the business since 1852,
(latterly with Messrs. C. R. Rees Co.,) and
thoroughly understanding it in all its departments,
he feels satisfied that with the aid of the competent
artists which he has in his employment, entire satis
faction will be given to his pa'rons.
Photographs will be taken in every style known
to the art, and finished in the neatest and best style.
Orders for Life-Size Pictures executed upon
canvas, finished in Oil Colors, India Ink, Crayon, or
Water Colors. Also Rembrandt's and Medaliion
Cards-Devisite.
W. G- R. FRAYSER,
au 9—8m 1011 Main street.
JAMES ARMSTRONG CO.
27, 28, 31 Concord St., 6, 8, 10 W. Palls Avenue,
Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture and keep constantly on hand their
celebrated brands of FAMILY SOAPS, embracing
BEST FAMILY, MAMMOTH LAUNDRY, CHEMIOAL
OLIYE, AND WOMAN'S FRIEND, Ac.
All of which are warranted pure and equl to any
Northern soaps now on the market,
ap 26—6m
THOMAS J. SPENCER,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.
Office,—Tobacco Exchange
W 11—tf
J. W. VAN GELDER,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
HAMBURG,
feb 34—tf 1 ARKANSAS.
Liberal offer to sabbath
SCHOOLS AND OTHERS.
We offer the following premiums: 60 copies of
the Child’s Paper, or 60 copies of the Morning
Light, or 10 copies of the American Messenger for
one year,
For the Names of Twelve New subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $24.
Premiums in the same proportion for any larger
number of subscribers.
Specimen copies sent on application, from any of
the Society’s depositories.
This offer hjlas till the first day of January, 1872.
ANOTHER OFFER.
For the Names of Tea New Subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, !p20, we will send by mail, postpaid, a copy
of the beautiful chrorno,
ASKING A BLESSING.
This picture, which sells for $7.50, is an exact re
production in colors of the original oil painting, by
Prof. Jordan.
Specimen copies can be seen at. any of the So
ciety’s depositories.
American Tract Society, 150 Nassau St., N. Y.
OCt 18—tf
ANEW STYLE BOOT (Patented Feb
ruary 3d 1871,) of French Calf, stitched |N8I
to order for $7.60. All styles, own make, for’
Gents, in store, 48 Fayette St., one door west ot
North St., Baltimore, Md. J. S. LEWIS,
mr 1—ly
Old Established Troy Bell Foundry,
11 vROY, N. YORK.—(Established 1852,) a large
X assortment of Church, Academy, Fire Alarm,
and other Bells, constantly on hand and made to
order. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper and
Tin.) Hung with Rotary Mountings, the best and
most durable ever used. All Bells Warranted
Satisfactory.
Large Illustrated Catalogue sent free upon
application to JONES CO., Troy, N. Y.,
or, 109 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois,
my 24—ly
THE MENEELY BELL F0UNDERY.
(Established in 1826.)
BELLS for Churches, Academies,
Factories, etc., of which more have
been made at this establishment
than at all the other foundries in the
country combined. All Bells war
ranted. An illustrated catalogue sent free upon ap
plication to E. A. G. R. MENEELY,
jy 6—ly West Troy, N. Y.
my 17—ly
.BUCKEYE BELL FOUNDRY,'
Established in 1837.
Superior Bells for Churches,
Schools, etc., of Pure Cop
per and Tin, fully war
ranted, and mounted with
our Latent Improved
Rotary Hangings, tho
best in use. i
.Illustrated Catalogue sent free*
VANDUZEN TIFT,
102 101E. Second St., Cincinnati,.
JOSHUA REGISTER SONS,
BALTIMORE.
BELL AND BRASS WORKS.
make the best bells in dse.
53 65 Holliday Street, Baltimore, Md.
ap 12—ly
Wire Railing: and Ornamental
WIRE WORKS.
DUFUR CO.,
36 North Howard Street, Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture Wire Railing tor Cemeteries, Balco
nies, &c., Sieves, Fenders, Cages, Sand and
Coal Screens, Woven Wire, &c.
Also, Iron Bedsteads, Chairs, Settees, &c., &c.
ap 26—ly
W. H. H. ADKISSON,
BOOKSELLER, STATIONER AND PRINTER,
224 West Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, Md.
We have in stock SCHOOL BOOKS,
Southern Presbyterian HYMN BOOKS,
and a general variety of
CHILDREN’S BOOKS.
•All of which are offered at the lowest market price.
Printing Neatly and Promptly Executed.
Country Merchants would do well to call and ex
amine our Stock before purchasing elsewhere.
All orders will be promptly filled.
my 10—ly
_ 1,000 VOLUMES,
CAREFULLY examined and pronounced to be
in every way suitable for
SUNDAY SCHOOL LIBRARIES.
SOLD AT J.OWEST RATES
AND
WARRANTED TO PLEASE.
Everything requisite or desirable for
SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
For sale by
T. L. D. WALFORD,
Depository American Tract Society,
914 Main St., Richmond, Va.
Send for our CATALOGUE.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED,
je 21—tf
JOHN BOWERS,
SUCCESSOR TO
YALE, BOWERS YALE,
Iron Front Building, Governor Street,
RICHMOND, VA.,
MANUFACTURER AND WHOLESALE A RETAIL DEALER IN
TIN, SHEET IRON AND COPPER WARE,
Stoves, Ranges and Hot Air Furnaces,
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
Gas Chandeliers, Parlor Grates and Fenders, Pumps
and Hydraulic Rams, all kinds and sizes of
Lead, Wrought Iron and Drain Pipes.
Roofing, Plumbing, Gas and Steam Fitting.
Also the celebrated
IMPROVED DIAMOND FIRE PLACE STOVE,
For heating three or more rooms. 260 to 300
now in use id the city.
ap 19—ly
L. P. BROCKETT’S popular history of the
Bloody Franco-German War
Now containing a full account of the
Fearful Reign of Terror in Paris
Is selling beyond all precedent:
It is by far the most reliable and only complete and
impartial history of that mighty struggle and its
momentous results. 642 pages, nearly 150 spirited
illustrations, price only $2.60. 50,000 copies al
ready sold. It is issued in both English and Ger
man, and is beyond question the fastest selling book
extant. Wide awake, energetic agents wanted.—
Terms extra, and lreights prepaid.
Address HUBBARD BROS, Publishers,
sep 6—ly 723 Sanson Street, Philadelphia.
TURNIP SEED.—Fresh and genuine—and sure
to come true to name.
RUTA BAG A, LARGE NORFOLK,
RED TOR, WHITE GLOBE,
EARLY WHITE, FLAT DUTCH.
FLAVORING SEEDS of all kinds.
PALMER TURPIN,
No. 1526 Main street, Richmond, Va.
iy 6—t.t
A
NTHRACITE
AND
COAL.
OAK AND PINE WOOD.
BITUMINOUS
mr 29—ly
S. H. HAWES,
18th and Cary Sts., Richmond.
Heavy merino under shirts
ONE DOLLAR each.
For sale by
E. B. SPENCE A SON,
Merchant Tailors, Clothiers and Dealers in Gentle
mens Furnishing Goods.
1300 Maiu Street, Richmond, Va.
THEY have the largest Stock of CLOTHS, CAS
SIMERES and VESTINGS found south of the Po
tomac, and with the best cutters aud workmen, can
and do guarantee perfect satisfaction to all that
favor them with a call.
Agents lor the celebrated PEMBROKE SHIRTS
and DRAWERS. mar 8—tf
SMITH’S
AMERICAN ORGANS,
UNEQUALLED
AND
IN POWER
BEAUTY OF TONE.
Prices from
$100 to $1,000.
Call at
SLEIGHT HOWARD’S
Piano and Organ Warerooms,
1011 Main St.,
my 24—tf Richmond, Va.
jyj"ASON HAMLIN,
CABINET ORGANS,
At BENTEEN’S,
80 West Fayette Street, Baltimore, Xd.
Send for illustrated Catalogue,
Address D. M. ROBB.
mar 8—=ly

i gTEINWAY SONS,
CELEBRATED PIANO-FORTES.
THESE Pianos, now universally ackn"wledged to
be the best and most durable manufactured in any
part of the world, can be seen in variety, aud care
fully forwarded to any address by
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
ap 19—tf Richmond, Va.
“GOLDEN CHORD,”
THIS CELEBRATED
ESTEY ORGANS,
Containing the
Vox Humana aud Vox Jubilante Stops.
These organs are the leading instruments of the
country. Adapted to the Church, Pari.or and
School. Prices from $60 to $1,000. Warranted
for x years. Circular and Price list sent free.
ALSO,
THE BRADBURY PIANO.
Equal it not superior to any made. Endorsed by
the leading artists of the country.. Prices from $360
upwards. HARRY SANDERS CO.,
General Agents, 79 West Fayette Street,
Baltimore, Md.
N. B. Local Agents wanted in every town in the
South. may 3—6m
SIXTY-FIVE FI11ST PRIZE MEDALS AWARDED.
THE GREAT
SOUTHERN PIANO
Manufactory.
WM. KNABE CO.,
MANUFACTURERS OF
GRAND, SQUARE AND UPRIGHT
PIANO FORTES,
Baltimore, Hd.
These Instruments have been before the Public
for nearly Thirty Years, and upon their excellence
alone attained an unpurchased pre-eminence, which
pronounces them unequaled, in
TONE,
TOUCH,
WORKMANSHIP
And DURABILITY.
|®“A11 our Square Pianos have our New Im
proved Overstrung Scale and the Agraffe Treble.
We would call special attention to our late Pa
tented Improvements in GRAND PIANOS and
SQUARE GRANDS, found in no other Piano,
which bring the Piano nearer Perfection than has
yet been attained.
Every Piano Fully Warranted for Five Years.
We are by special arrangement enabled to fnrnish
PARLOR ORGANS and MELODEONS of the
most celebrated makers, Wholesale and Retail at
lowest Factory Prices.
Illustrated Catalogues and Price Lists promptly
furnished on application to
WM. KNABE CO.,
Baltimore, Md.
Or any of our regular established agencies.
no 8—4m
James Gordon. John N. Gordon, Jr.
JOHN N. GORDON’S SONS,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
AND
DEALERS IN METALS, GRINDSTONES, &c.
Pearl Block, Fourteenth Street,
Between Main and Cary Streets,
RICHMOND, VA.
no 1—Gm
SEWING MACHINES FOR THE
DESTITUTE.
DESIRING to do my part toward helping the
needy, and believing that systematic and diversified
charity is the most affective to accomplish good, I
therefore propose to furnish a SEWING MACHINE
to one worthy person who has to earn a living by
sewing, in the bounds of each co»gregation of all
denominations in the States of Virginia and North
Carolina, at. a reduction of ONE-THIRD FROM
RETAIL PRICE. One order from a member of
each congregation, certified to by the pastor or the
officers in charge as a worthy object of benevolence,
will be filled at one-third less than the usual price
on the price list.
Address JAMES E. A. GIBBS,
Willcox Gibbs S. M., Office Ninth and
oc 11—3m Bank Streets, Richmond, Va.
504
THOMAS H. STANFORD, Jr.,
SHOE EMPORIUM, 504
604 West Baltimore Street,
BALTIMORE, Md.
First class SHOES for LADIES, MISSES and
CHILDREN, manufactured exnressly for our retail
sales at low prices. Warranted.
Ladies’ Lasting Button Boots, patent leather Vamps, (3 SO
Laced Boots 2 7#
Button Boots, Kid Vamps, 3 2S
Laced 2 SO
Plain Lasting Button Boots, 2 76
Laced 2 26
Ladies’ elegant hand sewed Shoes made to order,
and perfection of fit guaranteed. Goods sent to any
part of the country, per order, C. O D.
Orders by mail promptly attended to.
mar 8 —ly
A GREAT CHANCE FOR AGENTS—Do
you want an agency, local or traveling, with an
opportunity to make $5 to $20 a (lay selling
our new 7 strand White Wire Clothes Lines1
They last forever; samples free, so there is no
risk. Address at once Hudson River Wire'
Vy okks, corner Water Street and Maiden Lane, N.
York, or 16 Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111.
au 23—6m
WOOD AND COAL.
YARD AND OFFICE
Corner 7th and Main Streets.
Constantly od »and the best seasoned Oak and
Pine WOOD.
Anthracite, Clover Hill, and Midlothian COAL,
at lowest market prices,
au 4—6nj J. R. F. BURROUGHS.
Attention, Agents Think of This
Wonderful Success!! 30,000
I Copies of Brockett's History of the Franco-German
War sold first 60 days. It now contains a full his
tory of the Bed Rebellion in Paris, making nearly
600 pages and 160 elegant illustrations, and will sell
five times faster than heretofore. Price, only $‘2.60.
Incomplete works, written in the intorest of the
Irish and French, are being offered with old illus
trations, and, for want of merit, claiming to bo offi
cial, etc. Beware of such. Brockett's in both Eng
lish and German, is the most impartial, popular,
reliable, cheap and fast selling work extant. I-ook
to your interests, strike quickly aad you can coin
money. Circulars free, and terms excelled by none.
Address J. W; GOODSPEKI) A CO.,
87 Park Row, N. Y., or 148 Lake St., Chicago,
feb 22—ly
CANFIELD, BROTHER CO.,
No. 229 Baltimore St., Baltimore, Md.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
WALTHAM WATCHES.
These Watches have a reputation fully established,
and are sold at a less profit than any competing
Watches in the market.
We also keep a full stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
Diamonds, Rich Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Ware,
Triple Silver-Plated Ware,
Forks, Spoons, Knives,
Clocks, Bronzes, Vases,
Opera Glasses,
Fans and Fine Fancy Goods.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs,
oo 18—ly
J^ISON’S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for BISON’S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician:
“I certify that I commenced using Rison’s To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 1869, and after using
six or eight boxes, in the courso of about three
months, all desire lor tobacco was eradicated, after
being an inveterate tobacco chewer and smoker for
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumprey’s, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oo 4—tf
[Established 1848.]
TO THE FARMERS AND PLANTERS of Maryland
and the South generally:
HORNER'S Maryland SUPER PHOSPHATE.
(We court the Chemist’s Inquiry.)
After 23 year’s experience in the Fertilizing bus
iness, aud after establishing a wido reputation for
the purity and cxccllenoo of his Bone lhist, tho
subscriber has been induced to proparo a Phosphate
suitable to the requirements, and every way worthy
the attention of tho Southern Farmer.
The Maryland” is a Refuvcnator and permanent
Improver of the soil. It stimulates equal to Peru
vian Guano, and sustains equal to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liboral percentage of Potash in tho residuum.
There is no adulterator nor inferior article used—
every particle of the Phosphate being of essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor expense have
been spared in its preparation, and we claim for it
the greatest benefit to the farmer from the smallest
outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
stimulant and aliment for worn and impoverished
land, there can be nothing superior. It is warrant
ed to run as high in Ammonia and higher in Bone
Phosphate than any other fertilizer in the market.
Prioo $50 per ton, in new bags. No ohargo for
delivery. JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant,
Office and Warohouso, 54 8. Gay St., General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew and Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md.
Bone Dust, $45,
own manufacture, in new bags Eastern and Wes
tern Bone Dust, $39, Peruvian Guano,, delivered from
Peruvian Government Warohouso at-lowest ratos.
No charge for delivery.
au 23—ly JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
JjUtUIT AND ORNAMENTAL TREES.
HERMITAGE NURSERIES,
Richmond, Va.
THE VIRGINIA NURSERY AND WINE
COMPANY.
Proprietor of these widely-known Nurseries have
removed their office to Columbian Block, (Corn Ex
change,) Room No. 2, Second Floor, corner 18th
and Cary streets.
The stock tor the fall trade is unusually fine,
large, and well-grown, embracing a full assortment
of Apple, Peach, Pear, Plum, Cherry, and other
Fruit Trees as well as small Fruits, Grape-vines,
Asparagus, together with Ornamental Trees, Ever
greens, Shrubbery, &c., &c.
For Catalogues and information, call at office or
ftddross
JOHN M, ALLAN, General Agent,
No 2, Columbian Block,
sep 27—8m Richmond, Va.
LANCASTER A CO.,
STOCK AMD EXCHANGE BROKERS
AND BANKERS,
Main Street between Ilth and 12th streets.
DEAL in Bonds, Stocks, Exchange Gold, Silver
and Bank notes. Receive Deposits. Negotiate loans,
aug 1—ly
GRAHAM WILSON,
Of Rockbridge Co., Va.,
WITH
P. E. WILSON.
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
(Tn Corn and Flour Exchange Block,)
Richmond, Va.
Pay particular attention to the sale of TOBACCO,
WHEAT, FLOUR, and all kinds of country produce.
Prompt returns guaranteed.
Liberal advances made on consignments.
Grain bags furnished free of charge.
my 24—6m
or Cine'"”1111’ _
AXNTXNO- m commni’8
100 11». of J, J“p»int much
Coloueu P*J«JJ? ,u a wear longer.
M 200 lha. of X*oau< auu cou,„ to
Baltimore millstone manu-,
FACTORY,
AND
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
Dealers in
Bolting Cloths, Belting, Smut Machines, &c.
15. F. STARR ft CO.,
my 10—ly 173 North St., Baltimore, Md.
Rifles, shot-guns, revolvers, gun
MATERIAL. Write for Prico List, to Great
Western Gun Works, Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Guns,
Revolvers, &c., bought or traded for.
Agents wanted. jy 2G—6m
XrTATCHES AND JEWELRY.
C. GENNET,
1011 Main Street, Richmond, Va. t
All the latest designs in
WATCHES, JEWELRY, and SILVER GOODS. jfc
New and Beautiful Goods for
PRESENTATION. L, i
for
WEDDING and BIRTHDAYS,
FRIENDSHIP and AFFECTION,
sep 6—3m
I
MPROVED
INSTRUMENT
SURVEYING.
FOR LAND
INVENTED BY
J. M. LILLEY, Staunton, Virginia.
THIS INSTRUMENT has been adopted at the
United States Military Academy, West Point; Wash
ington College, Va., and many of the leading Insti
tutions of learning of the country, and is recom
mended by the Professors of Mathematics and En
gineering, and by Practical Surveyors who h&VC
used it, as superior to any instrument now in use for
the purposes for which it is designed.
Send for Circular containing description of In
strument, price list and recommendations.
Orders filled promptly.
Address R. D. J. C. LILLEY,
Staunton, Virginia.
Or the following Agents: Messrs. Stackpole ft
Bro., 41 Fulton Street, New York R. W. Carroll
ft Co., Cincinnati, Ohio; J. P. Morton ft Co., Lou
isville, Ky., A. S. Aloe, St. Louis, Mo.
feb 2—tf