Rev. Thomas M Boyd has taken charge of the
Presbyterian church of Monticello, Ark., and his
Post office is changed from El Dorado to that place.
The Bell for the new Presbyterian church in
StauntoD, measures eleven feet in, circumference,
and weighs 160$ pounds. Cost $7o0.
Tabb Street Church, Petersburg, has been thor
oughly repaired, and was occnptbd again on Sab
bath py the congregation aud Kov. E. H. Ruther
ford, pastor.
Rev. H. L Singleton, for six years past the pas
r >r of the First Presbvterian church, of Wilming
ton, N. C., resigned October 1st.
Rev. Waiter W. Williams, D. D., has accepted a
c,i to the rectorship of Trinity church (Episcopal)
Stamp -a, recently made vacant by the removal
of Rev. da A. Latane to Wheeling, West a.
Presbyterian Church, Sixth District. New Orloans.
This church, in charge of Rev. 1>. Wayne, had a
omn and interesting communion last Sabbath,
i’h small building wa> crowded to its full capacity,
-ti c -ting very strong ly the pressing need of large
er accommodation. Sixteen persons were received
into church membership, two by letter and four
t-. en by prob ''ion of faith. Two were heads of
families and the rest yor.ng people, most of whom
have been gathered in from the Sabbath SchooL
The Spirit of God is evidently blessing the labors
of Ills jervant. The church and congregation are
growing steadily. Their greatest need, so far as
externals are concerned, is a suitable building.—
With a more covenient location and an attractive
comfortable house, their prospects would brighten
considerably. a''d they would find great encourage
ment to expect large and enduring results.—5. F
iVessyteriun.
Carters villa Church, G*.—The pastor of the Car
t- psvi!le church writes to the Presbyterian and Ju
dex:
1 de ed a few days ago a little protracted ser
vice in my church, resulting in ten accessions to the
church* of them but one ou profession of faith.
There are others who will, it is hoped, unite with
us before long. The entire membership has been
much refreshed, and feel much encouraged by this
additi on to their small number.
“Three years ago. when their present pastor
came to them, they had a membership of thirty
two, and could ou:y raise $300 for preaching. Now
the •uember.'hip is about doubled, and they pay
i *r pn/ucim«g. ulus uy sit-iiuy gruwiu, wuu
out any extra means being employed, the Lord is
strengthening our hands aud encouraging our
hearts.”
Revival ia Lebanon Church, Ky.—A correspondent
advi>es us of a powerful work of grace iu Lebanon
Presbyterian church, Grant county, Ky., of which
the Rev. W. W. Evans is the faithful and beloved
pastor. He was assisted by his brother, the Rev.
J. M. Evans, of Maysiick, Ky., who did most of
the pr caching. The church was not only revived
and eo auraged, but sinners were converted.—
Thirty one persons were added to the church,
thirty on profession of their faith, and one by let
ter. Ot this number seventeen are males, and
range from ten to sixty years of age. Thirteen
are heads ot families. Wives rejoice over husbands
saved, huudun Is over wives, parents over children
b< rn aruiu, aud brothers, sisters and friends are
made happy together. It was a time long to be
remembered, aud long will this people remember
with g.'e the good brother who labored so
fait! .uny with them during this series of services.
The meeting continued eleven days, preaching
morning and night most of the time, aud notwith
standing the very busy season with farmers, the
house was filled to its utmost capacity. We trust
that we are thankful for these gracious evidences
of G a s presence amongst us. To God be all the
prase. Yours truly,
W. T. Carlisle.”
Recent Intelligence from the October Number of
“The Missionary.”
1'n taw Mission.—A letter from Mr. Lloyd,
of the :h o! September, gives a very encouraging
acveuut of r» ligious matters at his station. Since
i :y list he has received to the communion of
G arch upwards of fifty persons, a number of
wh- tu had te n in a backslidden condition for
y- ir- i u lie states further that the people
•a ung whom he labors had contributed as much
a- a iiu ired and fifty dollars’ worth of provisions
towao's his support, and that more would be given
it he had a suitable place where to store them.—
A etter from Mr, Colton, of the 8th of Septern
cr, mentions that the school at Spencer is now in
tail operation, there being forty seven boys pre
re. aud several absent from sickness. He finds
it d tricu.t to get suitable servants, and is veryanx
us for the arrival of missionary teachers.

The Lutherans have been overtaken the wo
:i au n iveaieut. At a meeting of the Tenth pis
triet Coaierencc of the Synod of Pennsylvania it
was ve'- 1: “1, That it is desirable to reestablish
the tli v of deaconess in our congregations; 2,
Tl.a: vi-g a :J intelligent women should be
rega a v app anted by the congregations and for
>ua v it.duet d iuto office; and 3, That theSyuod
,'.uu J lu.'truct it> liturgical committee to prepare
a iorui tor the installation of such officers and a
get, r-tl in-jit of the duties to be atteuded to
by them.”
A Micron Shi —The Presbyterian missionaries
ot the Gaboon aud Corisco mission, West Africa,
have ir.v i'> d a small yacht for their trips along
the a t. riiis is indispensable to them as there
arc n roads or beasts of burden and nearly all
iv- i)g by water. They have heretofore been
grca.b. exp 1 by making their journeys in open
boats.
DOMESTIC MISCELLANY.
State Taxes Paid by Richmond —The following
a stafem nt of the taxes for State purposes as
"c l agaiuot the several wards of the city of
Richmond, compiled from returns in the office of
the Commissioner ot the Revenue:
Capitation Tax, $9,446. Real Estate. $119,977.
v». Pets na! Property, ’8,125.70. Income, $7,
s.S3. Grand'.o al, $174,748.42.
R«:;sf for Chicago.—The Common Council of
t) .s city have appropriated $10,000 for the relief
oi the sufferers of Chicago, in accordance with a
request from the citizens, as represented in a pub
ic meeting.—Richmond Enquirer.
The Extent of the Fire in Chicago.—The statement
t at there vrus an area of four miles by one, in the
North Division, and one hundred blocks in the
South i* v' -ion, destroyed by the recent fire, was
not true. We were also mistaken in representing,
the other day, that Chicago is twelve mile long by
x hr-' T .e dimensions ot the city are six
miles by three and a half—or ticenty-one square
milts. The tire hu' ravaged a tract lying one mile
along the lake, on both rides ot the river, and
irregularly extending from 16th street to North
avenue, a distance of about three miles. The burnt
district is therfore, three equate miles. This was
the hu-h >s portion of the city. Some four hun
dud blocks have been burned. It is an area double
the extent of Richmond. It is stated that 12,000
houses w re destroyed.
in the great fire of London, in 1666, it is said
ti at 13 a* houses were burned. This fire de
-cr wed five sixths of London, although the area
ravag l was only one mile long by halt a mile
broad—or the half a square mile. It is obvious,
therefore, that the Chicago houses were bigger
than the London houses. 1’he estimated value of
the roporty destroyed by the London fire was from
i n to twelve millions sterling—a very large sum in
-u u y. It is probably an exaggeration; and tne
u.ue ot ;D,U"'.> tor the losses in Chicago
is probably too high.
i'he town is not destroyed by any means. There
:e tubmen square miles left And many ot the
tuiltl-ces swept away by the tire were old wooden
buildings that will not be missed. Chicago will
vrg from her ashes like a second Tyre. In ten
tL_* tire will be forgotten. You cannot dis
urnri or repress those people. They are already
ordering bricks from Buffalo. It Richmond was
rebuilt in two years—how long will it take to re
build Chicago ?—Enquirer.
Feres: Fires.—The great tires which have been
raging in the woods in Wisconsin, have extended
acre 1 x River, and cover a strip thirty miles
wide in Shawano and Oconto counties. The large
lumbering towns ot Marinette and Pishtego are
.r v J with destruction. The tires are raging
over 1-quare miles of territory. About 100
..in. 's are rendered homeless. Green Bay and
other towns are full ot refugees. At least 100 other
in ic- arc-in danger of being burned out. Farm
lings, bridge', tenees, and absolutely every
thing have been swept away. Thousands of square
nr.ics of valuable pine forests have been destroyed.
Gears and other wild beasts have been driven in
-may from the woods, and are flying about in
v ry direction. The entire population has been
fighting the fires without success.
Koa. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior, esti
m.;' that there are about 375,000 Indians under
the care of the government, who, with the excep
tion of some hostile tribes, are divided into 142
tr ■and embraced within 75 Indian agencies.—
The n.w pi hey ot the government—treating them
a- us I-, who are to become citizens—is prov
ing he ee nomicul, as well as humane, since the
e >i ti.is department for the last fiscal year was
mi s i G a clear saving of $3,634,000 over
ihe last year ot the last administration.
Iron Rails for the Tredegar—The United States
bark ‘‘Resource,” William Graw, master, entered
at the Custom house Saturday from London, with
675 tons of old iron rails for the Tredegar Iron
Works. This company will import during the
next twelve months twenty-five or thirty thousand
tons of the same material, to be worked over into
new rails for American roads.
Mr. John W. Garrett, of Baltimore, President of
the Baltimore Ohio Railroad, has bought tho
Natural Bridge for $10,000. Capt. Moore has put
the Deed on record. —Lexington Gazette.
The Fredericsburg Railroad to be Removed from
Broad Street,—The Council Committee on the re
moval of tho Richmond and Fredericksburg Rail
road from Broad street, held a meeting Saturday,
A. D. Chesterman, E-q., presiding, when it was
determined to report to the Council in favor of ac
C'pting President Daniel’s proposition—to wit,
that tne city purchase the depot property on
Broad, between Seventh and Eighth streets, at
the assessed valuation, and give the company a
reasonable time to move its shops, &c. This will
free Broad street of the railroad, and give an en
hanced value to property in all that section.
Railways Projected.—There are in this country
between thirteen and fourteen hundred railways
projected, in progress, and completed; and the
number is rapidly increasing. Last year about 6,
000 miles were added to our railway mileage.
It is Estimated that the great trunk lines of rail
ways carried last year 3,000,000 tons of Western
produce to the Atlantic markets, valued at $400,*
<HX),000. Without the agency of railroads full
three-fourths of this amount would not have been
produced. One of the functions of railways is to
make distant productions marketable. In this way
they produce wealth by enabling others to produce
it.
Bridging the Atlantic.—Modern science and skill
are accomplishing wonders in overcoming what
seemed insuperable obstacles, and are going far
toward annihilating space. Three ocean steamers,
the Baltic, Wyoming, and City of Brooklyn, re
cently reached New York from Liverpool within
nine days: the Wyoming made the passage from
land to land, between Quoenstown and Cape Race,
in five and a half days. The railroad between
Cortland and Halifax is fast approaching»comple
tion, which will greatly reduce the time between
the continents.
Utah.—Law is beginning to assert its power in
Utah where if has so long been defied. The charge
of Judge McKean to the Grand Jury of the United
States District Court has had its effect. The high
dignitaries of the Mormon church have been made
to see that they are responsible to the laws of the
land. Even Brigham Yonng, who has so long
ruled his subjects with unrestrained power, and
who by practice and precept has encouraged them
to trample upon the laws of God and man, has
been indicted for his notorious transgressions and
is under arrest, the Government refusing to admit
him to bail. It is also intimated that there is
sufficient evidence to implicate him in connection
with serious and bloody crimes committed under
the sanction of the church. Others of the leading
officials have also been indicted and arrested, and
their trial will proceed at once Justice, though
long deferred, seems at length to have been aroused,
and the designing men, who, under the garb of
religion, have established on our soil an institution
that is a standing blot upon our Christian civiliza
tion, will now be compelled to suffer the penalty of
outraged law.
Sextons.—The. season for fires in churches U at
hand, and we wish to remind sextons, deacons, and
church officers generally, that an important condi
tion of acceptable worship is comfortable heat and
oxygen. A man may have a great deal of grace,
but if he has not oxygen enough in church, he will
go to sleep under the best sermon. And if the
church is cold, or he is made to sit in a draft, he
will take cold or nneumonia. and recoivn rmhnnt>fif
from the sermon. Proper warmth, and ventilation
without drafts on the worshippers, should be the
chief articles of every sexton’s creed, and we com
mend the following, which we fiud in an exchange:
There is more religion in having a church at a
proper temperature, at the right time, than may
appear at first sight. It is a difficult task for a man
to think very seriously about the future state, when
he is sitting in a church about half frozen; or, for
a mother to listen to preaching, when her children
are shivering and crying with the cold.
FOREIGN ITEMS.
What the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of
Winchester havo done with so much stir in Eng
land is done by Churchmen in some of the colonies,
without producing much cxciterueut. The Sydney
correspondent of the London Times mentions the
fact that the Presbyterian, Episcopal, and Wes
Ieyan ministers in a certain town exchange pulpits
regularly once a month, and that this is done by
the knowledge and sanction of the Bishop of
Bathurst.
The General Assembly of the Evangelical Church
es of Spain convened in Scrilla April 12th, to
treat of union among the various Christain congre
gations already existing in Spain. The number of
congregations represented in the Assembly was
thirteen. The basis of the union was approved
and the union agreed to. A meeting was appoint
ed for November 15th, to complete the negotia
tions for unioD.
The French Language Displaced.—Whatever may
be the truth about the growing hostility of the
Czar of Russia to Prussia, on his recent return
from Germany, ho issued a ukase, requiring that
the German language should be used in all the
public and private schools iu Poland in preference
to the French.
The Italian Government has determined that no
Professor of the University of Rome will be per
mitted to continue the exercise of his functions
without taking the oath of allegiance to Italy.—
The oath has been tendered upon this basis, but
twenty professors have refused to take it.
The Grand Scheme of a plan for bringing England
within five days’ journey to India, has been pro
posed in a letter to the Prime Minister. It pro
poses to make use of existing lines of railway and
of the Mont Cenis Tunnel to Trieste, and thence
to construct a railroad through Austria, Euro
pean and Asiatie Turkey, Persia, and Belooohistan,
to Kurrachee, and onwards to Bombay. The total
distance from London to Kurrachee would be 5,
:ll 1 miles by rail, and 28 miles (the Straits of
j Dover) by sea. At a uniform rate of ten miles
and a half an hour by water and forty miles an I
hour by land, the journey from end to end would 1
be accompli.-hed in five days, sixteen hours, forty- j
six minutes. Of the total length of line reouired,
nearly one fourth (1,170 miles) is already con
structed. The highest estimated cost of the un
dertaking is, in round numbers, £41 000,000.
Austria.—The surprising rumor comes from Aus
tria that the Emperor Francis Joseph is seriously
thinking of abdicating his throne. His life, dur
ing the past few years, has not disproved the truth
of the old saw, “Uneasy lies the head that wears
the crown.” The disasters of the campaign with
Prussia in.lS66 have been followed by constant in
testine dissensions, and the requirements of his
position as a constitutional sovereign compelling
him to resist the arrogant claims of the court of
Rome, and to annul the Concordat between them,
I have doubtless been distasteful to him as an car
i nest Romanist. He has yielded to the depres ion
that has increased upon trim, become gloomy in
mind, and disposed to retirement from all public
duties as far as possible, and now seeks to be en
t’rely relieved from them. Fortunately for Aus
tria, *hrough all these troublous times it has had
tor its vontrolling mind a clearheaded, sagacious
Protestant statesman, Count^Beust, on whom the
emperor has wisely relied. Through his influence,
j Austria, instead of being the most intolerant and
reactionary of the European States, has broken
loose from its subservient bondage to Rome, has
become a constitutional instead of an absolute
I monarchy, and has taken its place in the frout rank
j of those nations that concede and enjoy the rights
of conscience and of religious toleration.

SPECIAL NOTICE.
Messrs, Dodd A Mead announce for publication
“Tub Sciences ok Nature versus The Science ok
Man.’’ By Noah Porter, D. D., LL. I>., President
of Yale College. The book is in some part a review
of the arguments of Huxley, Spencer and others,
and aims to prove that on the principle of many of
the current philosophies which claim to be con
ducted in the spirit of the Inductive philosophy, it
is impossible to have any trustworthy Induction at
all. Also a popular work on Corals aud Coral
Islands, by James D. Dana, Professor of Geology
in Yale. This will be one of the most prominent
publications of the year. It will be a large octavo
volume of some 400 pages, and will be illustrated
with over fifty woodcuts, with one or two unimpor
tant exceptions, from designs made by Professor
Dana, who visited in person the Coral Islands of the
Pacific. In addition to the woodcuts, it will have a
full page illustration in color, representing two of
the most important varieties of coral. The charm
with which Professor Daua invests all subjects that
he treats is fully visible iu this volume, which will
i be a valuable addition to popular kuow’edge on
I scientific subjects.
Sewing Machines for the Destitute.—As the
advertisement of Mr. J. E. A. Gibbs, the inventor
of the Wilcox Gibbs sewing machine, is designed,
in part, for the benefit of a class of worthy persons
who need it, we take the opportunity of commend
ing it to the attention of pastors aud elders iu our
congregations. They may confer a great favor upon
many who would be greatly' helped by it.
||Unicd,
October 4th, at the residence of Mrs. M. Gillas
pie, Bath county, Va., John P. Simpson and Miss
Maggie V. Gillaspie, all of Bath county.
October 11th, at Athens, Tenn., by Rev. J. H.
Martin, Wilberforce Gettys, Esq., and Miss Julia
Belle MuKeldin.
October 10th, at St. Paul’s church, Alexandria,
Va by Rev. Geo. H. Norton, D. D., Albert Dks
Brisay McLeod, of Baltimore, Md., and Georgie
A and Lycurgus E. Uhler, of that city, and
Alice, daughters of Ed. S. Hough, of Alexandria.
October 4th, at the Washington Street church,
Columbia, S. C., by the Rev. Manning Brown,
Shannon Morrison, of the above mentioned city,
and Miss Isabel Beattie, formerly of Cape Girar
deau, Mo.
October 5th, in Columbia, S. C., by the Rev. Dr.
J. R. Wilson, David A. Pressley and Mis3 Emma
L. Agnew.
September 19th, at the residence of the bride’s
brother, J. V. Grigsby, Esq near Winchester, Ky.,
by the Rev. Henry H. Banks, Hon. Wm. M. Cocke,
of Asheville, N. C., aud Miss Amanda M. Grigsby.
October oth, at the Church of the Heavenly Rest,
Fifih avenue, New York, by Rev. R. S. Howland
D. D., J. Campbell Maben and Virginia, daughter
of Gen. Charles S. Merchant, U. S. A.
^Inhumes.
Died, October 2d, at Liberty Hall, Nelson coun
ty, Va., Mrs. Mary M., wife of N. F. Cabell, in the
53d year of her age.
a_._1-or,.n r1,,at tlm
residence of her father, J. \V. Ford, in Goochland
county, Va., Sabelia A., wife of M. R. Woodson,
of Hanover county, in the ‘24th year of her age.
Died, September 24th, at the residence of her
father, near Mt. Meridian, Va., Mrs. Fannie T.
Strayer, only daughter of B. F. Kemper.
Died, September 24th, at the residence of her
husband in Staunton, Va Mrs. Mart Patton Cat
lett, wife of Captain Richard H. Catlett, in the
33rd year of her age.
Died, at her home in Charlotte county, Va., Mrs.
Cornelia Daniel, wife of Capt. John W. Daniel,
and daughter of Branch J. Worsham, Esq., of
Prince Edward. The deceased was born March 21,
1825, and departed this life Sept. 16, 1871.
The affliction occasioned by this event is exten
sive, and in some cases of-a nature too dpep to be
expressed in words. The gap made in t family
circle is one which can hardly be contemplated with
out anguish. What Mrs. Daniel was to her husband
aud her children will not be known by those who
derive their information of her solely from this
sketch. In all the lelations of life, she showed a
lovely character, an affectionate disposition, a duti
ful regard to the precepts and example of her Di
vine Saviour. Gilted by nature and cultivation with
many, and some oT them no ordinary, attractions,
she cousecrated them all to the service of her Lord.
She lived for others, not alone or mainly for herself.
For several years past a member of the Presbyterian
church at the Court Hous^ she was not only faith
ful and consistent but animated, cheerful, and at
times even joyful in the dischaige.of her Christian
obligations. It was uo minor obstacle that could
keep her from the house and worship of God. Her
own house was the centre of a delightful hospitality
which went out from her to the ministers of God,
and especially to her own pastor. The charm of a
modest, gentle heart, and a meek aud quiet spirit,
which she knew so well how to throw around all her
intercourse, was in the case of this excellent lady
marked with force of character, sterling sense and
much agreeable vivacity of mind and language. The
piety was of that refined and unobtrusive type which
is as beautiful as it is sequestered. Like the woman
in the Gospel, “She hath done what she could.”—
One who has been largely benefited by her kindness,
and who mourns over her dewy grave, would lay
this poor tribute of sorrow and grateful recollection
on the turf that covers her ashes, and already begins
to grow green with precious memories.
Mrs. Daniel hud for some time lost the appearance
of tlond healih, and fell a victim at last to a painful
aud insidious malady. Her faith and patience
through Divine grace proved not unequal to the
trial. She knew “whom she had believed.” Her
views of the gospel were clear and intelligent. A
week before her death she asked her minister to
read the sweet hymn, “Just as I am, without one
plea,” and when he came to the second verse,
“Ju3t as I am and waiting not,” &c., she broke in
upou him with, that is it: that is the way I come;”
and had it read to her again. When interrogated
us to her resignation to God’s will if he should see
tit to take her to himself, she replied, “Yes, He
knows what is best.”
On the morning of the day she died, with a mind
that was calm and clear she gave the same bright
evidence of the scriptural steadfastness of her hope—
tne nope ot glory—tnat was tne sure ancnor ot ner
soul. When her minister began to speak of the
grounds of our salvation, as being not in our own
gooduess or worthiness, she herself took up the sen
tence and completed it, thus—“No, nothing that
we can do; it is upon the merit of Christ.” And so
she “fell on sleep.” It was almost as if she had
said,
“When the pangs of death assail me,
Weep not for me;
Christ is^mine—He cannot fail me;
Weep not for me;
Yes, though siu and doubt endeavor
From His love my soul to sever,
Jesus is my strength forever:
Weep not for me.” C.
Commercial Matters.
WHOLESALE MARKETS.
Tuesdat, October 17, 1871.
Revised and corrected by Thomas J. Spencer,
General Commission Merchant, Tobacco Exchange,
Richmond.
Gold—Selling, 113J. Silver—Selling, 110.
Tobacco Market.
Lugs, $G@$8.50; Primings, $4@$6; Com
mon Shipping Leaf, $6.50@10; Fine Shipping, $10
@15; Common Wrappers, $6012; Fine Bright
Wrappers, $15005.
Provisions.
Bacon.—Sides, 9@0jc.; Shoulders. .8@81c.;
plain hams, lG@18c.; canvassed hams, 18c.
Flour.—Superfine, $7.50@8; Extra, $8.50@9;
Family, $10.
Meal—Bolted, 95c@$l.
Coffee.—Java, 25@2Gc.; Lagunyra, 20@21c.;
Rio, 17@’8c.
Sugar.—Crushed, 111015c.; refined extra “C.”
13c.; brown, ll@13c.
Molasses.—Cuba, 2G@27c.; Porto Rico, 50076c.
Butter.—Fresh country, 25@30c.; Common 20@>
23c.
Salt—Alum, $2.10; Liverpool, $2.35.
Candles.—Sperm, 40c.; adamantine, 13@15c.;
tallow, 15c.
Bees Wax—28c.
Hay—Timothy prime, $1.20@$1.25. Clover hay,
95@<pl.
Wool—Washed, 55@G3c.: unwashed, 30@45c.
Grain.—Wheat, white prime, $1,750 1.80; red,
$1.70(^1.80; corn, 81082c.; oats, 55080c.; rye,
$1.
FlaxSeed.—$1.90@$2. Clover Seed, $8@8.25;
Herd grass seed, $2.
Fish.—Mackerel, No. 1, $27 028; kite, $3.50©G;
Herrings, $6@7j.
Fresu Meats, &c.—Beef, nett, 609c.; mutton,
$2@6 a piece; pork, 809 cts., nett.
Lard—12@13 cents.
Eggs—Per dozen, 23@23 cents.
Chickens—16@35 cents.
Dried Apples—6@Sc.; peaches, 12@14c.
Cotton—20@25 cents.
Feathers—50075 cents.
Lime—$1.65@$1.70.
Tickings—13@30 cents.
Cotton Oznaburgs—12J@14 cents.
Brown Shirtings—4-4, 121016; 9010c.
Timber—Virginia Pine, seasoned, $20@20.
Suinui.es—Virginia heart, $305.
Staves—Whiskey barrel staves, no sale; flour
barrel staves, $7@8.
Guano—Peruvian, $77; Pacific, $54.
A YOUNG LADY, of some experience, desires
a situation as Teacher in a private family or
school, to teach the usual English branches, French
and Latin, also Music to beginners.
Address P. V. M.,
oc 18—3t Balcony Fall", Rockbridge Co., Ya.
ANEW STYLE BOOT (Patented Feb
ruary 3d, 1871,) of French Calf, stitched
to order for $7.50. All styles, own make, for’
Gents, in store, 48 Fayette St., one door west of
North St., Baltimore, Md. J. S. LEWIS,
i mr 1—ly
CANFIELD, BROTHER CO.,
No. 229 Baltimore St., Baltimore, Mi>.
Desires to call attention to their large stock of
WALTHAM WATCHES.
These Watches have a reputation fully established,
and are sold at a less profit than any competing
Watches in the market.
We algo keep a full stock of English and Swiss
Watches at moderate prices for quality.
Diamonds, Rich Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Ware,
Triple Silver-Plated Ware,
Forks, Spoons, Knives,
Clocks, Bronzes, Vases,
Opera Glasses,
Fans and Fine Fancy Goods.
Orders have prompt attention.
Medals and Badges for Schools and Colleges.
Premiums for Agricultural Fairs,
oc 18—ly
JUST PUBLISHED.
WOMEN,
OR,
Chronicles of the Late War.
11Y
MARY TUCKER MAGILL.
For Sale by all the Booksellers. Price $1.75.
Mailed pre-paid upon receipt of price by
TURNBULL BROTHERS,
Publishers,
Baltimore, Md.
HUMOR.
DUKESBOROUGH TALES.
BY
COL. R. M. JOHNSTON.
“They rival the best of Judge Longstreet’s hu
morous sketches of character. "—bavaiman, i>eics.
“This is perhaps one of the most thoroughly en
joyable books that has been given to the public since
the days of Major Jones.”—Charleston Courier.
Price $1.50.
TURNBULL BROTHERS.
Publishers,
oc ot Baltimore, Md.
IIBERAL OFFER TO SABBATH
j SCHOOLS AND OTHERS.
We offer the following premiums: 50 copies of
the Child's Paper, or 50 copies of the Morning
Light, or 40 copies of the American Messenger for
one year,
For the Namos of Twolve New Subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $24.
Premiums in the same proportion for any larger
number of subscribers.
Specimen copies sent on application, from any of
the Society’s depositories.
This offer holds till the first day of January, 1872.
ANOTHER OFFER.
For tho Names of Ten Now Subscribers
to the Illustrated Christian Weekly, with the
money, $20, we will send by mail, postpaid, a copy
of the beautiful chromo,
ASKING A BLESSING.
This picture, which sells for $7.50, is an exact re
production in colors of the original oil painting, by
Prof. Jordan.
Specimen copies can be seen at any of the So
ciety’s depositories.
American Tract Society, 150 Nassau St., N.
oct 18—tf
■**=£C
Vj_
SPECIAL NOTICE.
The subscriber, Manufacturer and Dealer in all
kinds of AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Farm
and Plantation Machinery. He also makes a spe
ciality of PLOWS of all the various varieties for
the Southern Trade. Having established himself
in Warehouse No. 40 and 42 Light St., corner of
Lombard St., Baltimore, respectfully invites all his
old customers and others interested in such wares
to give him a call and examine his stock, which will
be as complete, and well made, and sold at as moder
ate rates as any other like establishment in the coun
try. Address JOHN MAYHER,
40 and 42 Light Street,
oc 18—Cm Baltimore, Md.
Attention, Agents! Think of This!!
Wonderful Success!! 30,000
Copies ot Brockett’s History of the Franco-German
War sold first GO days. It now contains a full his
tory of the Red Rebellion in Paris, making nearly
GOO pages and 150 elegant illustrations, and will sell
five times faster than heretofore. Price, only $2.50.
Incomplete works, written in the interest of the
Irish aud French, are being offered with old illus
trations, and, for want ot merit, claiming to be offi
cial, etc. Beware of such. Brockett’s in both Eng
lish and German, is the most impartial, popular,
reliable, cheap and fast selling work extant. Look
to your interests, strike quickly aad you can coin
money. Circulars free, and terms excelled by none.
Address J. W. GGODSPEED CO.,
37 Park Row, N. Y., or ii'H.ake St., Chicago,
feb 22—ly
Cl EWING MACHINES FOR THE
N DESTITUTE.
DESIRING to do my part toward helping the
needy, and believing that systematic and diversified
charity is the most affective to accomplish good, I
therefore propose to furnish a SEWING MACHINE
to one worthy person who has to earn a living by
sewing, in the bounds of each congregation of all
denominations in the States of Virginia and North
Carolina, at a reduction of* ONE-THIRD FROM
RETAIL PRICE. One order from a member of
each congregation, certified to by the pastor or the
officers in charge as a worthy object of benevolence,
will be filled at one-third less than the usual price
on the price list.
Address JAMES E. A. GIBBS,
Willcox Gibbs S. M., Office Ninth and
oc 11—3m Bauk Streets, Richmond, Va.
QTEWART COLLEGE.
SESSION of 1871-72 opens September 1st.
EXPENSES, from $259 to $295 per annum.
DEPARTMENTS, two, Collegiate and sub-Col
legiate.
FACULTY consi working men.
LOCATION, ac': irable.
CATALOGUE
A
_ D. D.,
jy 19—811? '.arksville, Tenn.
Fancy -Ischool.
FANCY Mr jKBRIDGE CO., VA.
It. J. R. GUY, Principal.
The third annual session of this school will com
mence 2nd Thursday of September, and close 3rd
Thursday of Juue. Its design is to prepare boys
for the Washington and Lee University, the Univer
sity of Virginia, or fit them for business. It is situ
ated in one of the most healthy localities of the Val
ley, 8 miles from Lexington, and 6 from the Natural
Bridge, and can be reached by stage from Lexing
ton or Bonsack's Depot. The neighborhood in which
this school is situated, has for a long time enjoyed a
very fine reputation for its refinement, and the high
moral character of its citizens.
Expenses lor session, $200.
Testimonials:
Fancy IIili,, July, 1871.
Mr. J. R. Guy has had charge of the Fancy Hill
Classical School for the last two years, and has con
ducted it with entire satisfaction to his patrons. He
is a gentleman of fine character and intelligence,
and 1 regard him as a teacher of more than ordinary
ability, one to whom parents can entrust the safety
of their sons. W. T. Poague.
Washington and Lee University,
July 21st, 1871. J
I take pleasure in stating that Mr. J. R. Guy,
whilst a member of this Institution, was distin
guished for his correct, gentlemanly deportment,
and his attention to his studies. He studied all the
branches in the department of which I have the
charge, and obtained a distinction in then^ He
was successful also in other departments. I can
confidently recommend him as a young gentleman of
the highest moral worth and excellent scholarship.

J. L. Kirkpatrick,
Professor Moral Philosophy.
For particulars, address the Principal, at Mill
boro Springs, Va, au 10—tf
"GOLDEN CHORD,”
THE CELEBRATED
ESTEY ORGANS.
Containing the
Vox Humaca and Vox Jubilante Stops.
These organs are the leading instruments of the
country. Adapted to the Church, Parlor and
School. Prices from $50 to $1,000. Warranted
for x years. Circular and Price list sent free.
ALSO,
THE BRADBURY PIANO.
Equal if not superior to any made. Endorsed by
the leading artists of the country. Prices from $350
upwards. HARRY SANDERS CO.,
General Agents, 79 West Fayette Street,
Baltimore, Md.
N. B. Local Agents wanted in every town in the
South. may 3—6m
SMITH’S
AMERICAN ORGANS.
THESE SPLENDID INSTRUMENTS,
By the Perfection which has been attained in their
construction are, in the estimation of qualified
judges,
SUPERSEDING ALL OTHER ORGANS
OF THE REED CLASS.
For volume and
RESEMBLANCE TO THE PIPE ORGAN
IN THE
QUALITY AND PURITY OF THEIR TONES,
As well as in variety of expression
they stand.
UNEQUALLED.
They are encased in cabinet work of new and
tasteful designs, and while equal in perfection of
manufacture, vary in price only according to size
and style of exterior.
They are admirably adapted for use in
Churches, Chapels, Schools, Lodges, and the
Home-Circlo.
And arc warranted in every respect.
Forty-Four Different Styles. Ranging in Price from
$100 to $1,000.
Elegantly Illustrated Catalogues mailed on appli
cation.
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
At the Rooms of the Presbyterian Committee of
Publication, opposite Post-office,
my 24—tf Richmond, Va.
■m/rASON HAMLIN,
CABINET ORGANS,
At BENTEEN’S,
80 West Fayette Street, Baltimore, Md.
Send for illustrated Catalogue,
Address D. M. ROBB.
mar 8—ly
OTE IN WAY SONS,
CELEBRATED PIANO-FORTES.
THESE Pianos, now universally acknowledged to
be the best and most durable manufactured in any
part of the world, can be seen in variety, and care
fully forwarded to any address by
SLEIGHT HOWARD, Agents,
ap 19—tf Richmond, Va.
Heavy merino under shirts
ONE DOLLAR each.
For sale by
E. B. SPENCE SON,
Merchant Tailors, Clothiers and Dealers in Gentle*
mens Furnishing Goods.
1300 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
THEY have the largest Stock of CLOTHS, CAS
HMERES and VESTINGS found south of'the Po
omac, and with the best cutters and workmen, can
uid do guarantee perfect satisfaction to all that
favor them with a call.
Agents lor the celebrated PEMBROKE SHIRTS
ind DRAWERS. mar 8—tf
THOMAS H. STANFORD, Jr.,
504 SK0E EMPORIUM, 504
504 West Ealtimore Street,
BALTIMORE, Md.
First class SHOES'for LADIES, MISSES and
CHILDREN, manufactured expressly for our retail
sales at low prices. Warranted.
Ladies’ Lasting Button Boots, patent leather Vamps, *3 fin
Laced Boots 2 76
Button Boots, Kid Vamps, 3 26
Laced 2 60
Plaiu Lasting Button Boots, 2 75
*i ii Laced 11 2 25
Ladies’ elegant hand sewed Shoes made to order,
and perfection of fit guaranteed. Goods sent to any
part of the country, per order, C. O D.
Orders by mail promptly attended to.
mar 8—ly
F~ REDERICK FEMALE SEMINARY,
FREDERICK, MD.
Chartered 1840, a regular College, will commence
its next scholastic year with a full corps of
Professors and Toachors,
Monday, September 11th. A French lady resides
in the family.
Send for a Catalogue containing terms view of
buildings, names of Alnmni, &c. Address
Rev. THOMAS M. CANN. A. M.,
au 16—ly President.
[Established 1848. J
TO THE FARMERS AND PLANTERS of Maryland
and the South generally:
HORNER’S Maryland SUPER PHOSPHATE.
(We court the Chemist’s Inquiry.)
After 23 year’s experience in the Fertilizing bus
iness, and after establishing a wide reputation for
the purity and excellence of his Bone Dust, the
subscriber has been induced to prepare a Phosphate
suitable to the requirements, and every way worthy
the attention of the Southern Farmer.
The “Maryland” is a Itquvcnator and permanent
Improver ot the soil. It stimulates equal to Peru
vian Guano, and sustains equal to Bone, being com
posed almost entirely of these ingredients, with a
very liberal percentage of Potash in the residuum.
There is no adulterator nor inferior article used—
every particle of the Phosphate being ot essential
benefit to the land. Neither pains nor expense have
been spared in its preparation, and we claim lor it
the greatest benefit to the farmer from the smallest
outlay.
For Cotton, Wheat and Corn, and as a general
stimulant and aliment for worn and impoverished
land, there can be nothing superior. It is warrant
ed to run as high in Ammonia and higher in Bone
Phosphate thau any other fertilizer in the market.
Price $50 per ton, in new bags. No charge for
delivery. JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
Manufacturer and General Commission Merchant,
Offic3 and Warehouse, 54 S. Gay St., General
Warehouse, Cor. Chew and Stirling Sts., Balti
more, Md.
Drmn rillCt Ql^ Bone Keal- $50’ Bis’
ijUIR DUMj Vit/) solved Bone, $47, our
own manufacture, in new bags Eastern and Wes
tern Bone Dust, $35, Peruvian Guano, delivered from
Peruvian Government Warehouse at lowest rates.
No charge for delivery.
au 23—ly JOSHUA HORNER, Jr.
GREAT CHANCE FOR AGENTS.—Do
you want an agency, local or traveling, with an
opportunity to make $5 to $20 a day selling
our new 7 strand While Wire Clothes Lines1
They last forever; samples free, so there is no
risk. Address at once Hudson River Wire
Works, corner Water Street and Maiden Lane, N.
York, or 16 Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111.
au 23—6m
THOMAS J. SPENCER,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.
Office,—Tobacco Exchange
i v 11—tf.__ _
NTHRACITE
AND
BITUMINOUS
COAL.
OAK AND PINE WOOD.
S. H. HAWES,
mr 29—ly 18th and Cary Sts., Richmond.
11URNIP SEED.—Fresh and genuine—ami sure
to come true to name.
RUTABAGA, LARGE NORFOLK.
RE1) TORi WHITE GLOBE,
EARLY WHITE, FLAT DUTCH.
FLA VO RING SEEDS ot all kinds.
PALMER TURPIN,
No. 1526 Main street, Richmond, Va.
jy 6—U
TURNBULL BROTHERS,
No. 8, North Charles Street,
BALTIMORE, MD.
IMPORTERS,
PUBLISHERS,
BOOKSELLERS,
STATIONERS.
Doaler8 in Books in every Department of Literaturo.
Publishers oi
STANDARD WORKS,
IMPORTERS OF FINE STATIONERY.
ENGRAVING,
LITHOGRAPHING,
PRINTING.
We keep on hand, at all times, a carefully selected
stock of
CHURCH BOOKS,
OXFORD BIBLES, AND HYMN BOOKS,
which we sell on the most liberal terms.
Our monthly Catalogue of new Publications
mailed, free, to persons sending us their names
and address,
jy 19—3m
i) m c t d n nr n w rn
nniuu 1 iiviiu V.V v vi)
MANUFACTURERS
of
STOVE AND HOLLOW WARE,
PLOWS AND PLOW CASTINGS.
Port Deposit, Maryland.
_f_
BEG leave to call the particular attention of
House-keepers, Stove dealers and the Trade gene
rally, to their celebrated
COOKING STOVES,
Emerald and Virginia.
Which we will guarantee in all cases to give entire
satisfaction.
We are also manufacturing a large variety of
COOKING STOVES, RANGES, PARLOR AND
FIRE PLACE HEATERS.
We would mention—
Magill’s Patent Fire Place Heater. Magill’s Pa
tent Gas and Smoke consuming Base Burner,
suitable for Churches, Schools, Stores,
Warehouses, Ac.
Manufacturers of and Wholesale Dealers in
TIN WARE AND ENAMELED WARE.
Send for descriptive and illustrated Catalogue, or
call and examine our Stock.
Responsible Agents wanted in all the principal
Towns in the Country to sell our Stoves.
Address all communications and orders to
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Office and Salesroom—
04 Light St., Baltimore, Md.
sep 20—3 m
TORN W. RISON,
^WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DRUGGIST,
Corner Main and Third Sts., Richmond, Va.
The attention of Country Merchants and others is
asked to our stock of Drugs, Medicines, Chemicals,
Oils, Paints, Window Glass, Putty, Toilet Articles
and Perfumery.
We offer special inducements and promise prompt
attention to all orders.
oc 4—tf JOHN W. RISON.
JjTsON’S TOBACCO ANTIDOTE.
Read the following for RISON'S TOBACCO AN
TIDOTE from a regular physician:
“I certify that I commenced using Risoirs To
bacco Antidote January 1st, 18G9, and after using
six or eight boxes, in the course of about three
months, all desire for tobacco was eradicated, after
being an inveterate toiJTtccO' chewer and smoker fur
about twenty years.
W. B. LEARY, M. D.
Dumfrey’s, Va., August 11, 1871.”
oc 4—tf
rp GRAHAM WILSON,
JL Of Rockbridge Co., Va.,
WITH
P. E. WILSON.
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANT,
(In Corn and Flour Exchange Block,)
Richmond, Va.
Pay particular attention to the sale of TOBACCO,
WHEAT, FLOUR, and all kinds of country produce.
Prompt returns guaranteed.
Liberal advances made on consignments.
Grain bags furnished free of charge,
my 24—6m
or Clnclnpa11’
NTING A count's
)0 11)9. of tbo tut nnicb
OIORW> FAT*’ 1 aI|,| year longci
1 ‘MX) lbi* t n colltrt t<>
Pr-^--lor*.
oc 4—2m
Tj^RUIT AND ORNAMENTAL TREES.
HERMITAGE NURSERIES,
Richmond, Va.
THE VIRGINIA NURSERY AND WINE
COMPANY.
Proprietors of these widely-known Nurseries have
removed their office to Columbian Block. (Corn Ex
change,) Room No. 2, Second Floor, corner 13th
and Cary streets.
The stock for the fall trade is unusually fine,
large, and well-grown, embracing a full assortment
of Apple, Peach, Pear, Plum, Cherry, and other
Fruit Trees as well as small Fruits, Grape-vines,
Asparagus, together with Ornamental frees, Ever
greens, Shrubbery, Ac., Ac.
For Catalogues and information, call at office or
address
ATT A VT ft- TmTXTCAXT n_*1 A
U« UV/ililWVA’j VJCH I tO't
No 2, Columbian Block,
sep 27—3m Richmond, Va.
ARDOZO, FOURQUREAN, CO.,
Opposite Post Office, Richmond, Va.
Have now in store their stock of
ELEGANT SPRING GOODS,
bought entirely for cash, and will be sold at the very
LOWEST PRICES.
ap 10—tf _
WOOD AND COAL.
YAED AND OFFICE
Corner 7ih and Main Streets.
Constantly on t aud the best seasoned Oak and
Pine WOOD.
Anthracite, Clover Hill, and Midlothian COAL,
at lowest market prices,
au 4—fim J. R. F. BURROUGHS.
I BALTIMORE MILL STONE MANU
J FACTORY,
AND
MILL FURNISHING ESTABLISHMENT.
Dealers in
Bolting Cloths, Eelting, Smut Machines, &c.
B. F. STARR CO.,
ray 10—ly 173 North St., Baltimore, Md.
IFLES, SHOT-GUNS, :REVOLVERS, GUN
MATERIAL. Write for Price List, to Great
Western Gun Works, Pittsburgh, Pa. Army Guns,
Revolvers, Ac., bought or traded for.
Agents wanted. jy 26—6m
'^'ATCHES AND JEWELRY.
C. GENNET,
1011 Main Street, Richmond, Va.
All the latest designs in
WATCHES, JEWELRY, and SILVER GOODS.
New and Beautiful Goods for
PRESENTATION.
for
WEDDING and BIRTHDAYS,
FRIENDSHIP and AFFECTION,
aep 0—3m
PATENTED MAYZSIk.
AN3 SEfT.2Ut»l86?,
J0H2J BOWERS,
SUCCESSOR TO
YALE, BOWERS YALE,
Iron Front Building, Governor Street,
RICHMOND, VA.,
MANUFACTURER AND WHOLESALE A RETAIL DEALER IN
TIN, SHEET IRON AND COPPER WARE,
Stoves, Ranges and Hot Air Furnaces,
HOUSE FURNISHING GOODS,
Gas Chandeliers, Parlor Grates and Fenders, Pumps
and Hydraulic Rams, all kinds and sizes of
Lead, Wrought Iron and Drain Pipes.
Roofing, Plumbing, Gas and Steam Fitting.
Also the celebrated
IMPROVED DIAMOND FIRE PLACE STOVE,
For heating three or more rooms. 250 to 300
now in use in the city.
ap 19—ly
IMPORTANT NOTICE
TO
CONSUMERS OF DRY GOODS.
All Retail Orders amounting to S20 and Over Deliv
ered in any part of tho Country Free of
Express Charges.
HAMILTON EASTER SONS,
of Baltimore, Md.,
In order the better to meet the wants of their Retail
Customers at a distance, have established a
SAMPLE BUREAU,
and will, upon application, promptly send by mail
full lines of Samples of the Newest and most Fash
ionable Goods, of FRENCH, ENGLISH and DO
MESTIC Manufacture, guaranteeing at airtimes to
sell as loic, if not at less prices, than any house in
the country.
jjuj' ing uur guuuo ixc/nx iuc auu uiuai
brated manufacturers iu the different parts of Eu
rope, and importing the same by steamers direct to
Baltimore, our stock is at all times promptly sup
plied with the novelties of the London and Paris
markets.
As we buy and sell only for cash, and make no bad
debts, we are able and willing to sell our goods at
from Ten to Fifteen ter Cent Less Profit than
if we gave credit.
In sending for samples specify the kind of goods
desired. We keep the best grades of every class of
goods, from the lowest to the most costly.
Orders unaccompanied by the cash will be sent
C. 0. D.
Prompt-Paying Wholesale Buyers are invited
to inspect the Stock in our Jobbing and Package de
partment. Address
HAMILTON EASTER SONS,
197, 199, 201 and 203 West Baltimore St.,
oc 19—ly Baltimore, Md.
JOSHUA REGISTER A SONS,
BALTIMORE.
BELL AND BRASS WORKS.
MAKE THE BEST BELLS IN USE.
53 55 Holliday Streot, Baltimore, Md.
ap 12—ly _
THE MENEEIY BELL FOTODERY.
(Established in 1326.)
BELLS for Churches, Academies,
Factories, etc., of which more have
been made at this establishment
than at all the other foundries in the
_ country combined. All Bells war
ranted. An illustrated catalogue sent free upon ap
plication to E. A. A G. R. MENEELY,
jy 6—ly West Troy, N. Y.
BUCKEYE BELL FOUNDRY,
Established In 1837.
Bnnerior Bella for Churches,
ficliu,;a, etc., of Pare Cop
per nud Tin, fully war
ranted, and mounted with
our Lnteat I m pro vet!
Itotnry liangingtt, tho
b.-St in use. 4
GataUgue unt fret.
VANDUZEN A TIFT,
102 k 10 i E. Second St,, Cincinnati,
my 17—ly
I B
Old Established Troy Bell Foundry,
11ROY, N. YORK.—(Established 1852,) a large
assortment of Church, Ac? demy, Fire Alarm,
and other Bells, constantly on hand and made to
order. Made of genuine Bell Metal (Copper and
Tin.) Hung with Rotary Mountings, tne best and
most durable ever used. All Bells Warranted
Satisfactory.
Large Illustrated Catalogue sent free upon
application to JONES A CO., Troy, N. Y.,
or, 109 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois,
my 24—ly
Wire Railing and Ornamental
WIRE WORKS.
DUEUR CO.,
36 North Howard Streot, Baltimore, Md.
Manufacture Wire Railing lor Cemeteries, Balco
nies, Ac., Sieves, Fenders, Cages, Sand and
Coal Screens, Woven Wire, Ac.
Also, Iron Bedsteads, Chairs, Settees, Ac., Ac.
ap 26—ly
Steel Composition Bells,
For Churches, Schools and Farms.
These celebrated bells (not
cast iron or “amalgam”) rival
the Bronze in purity and volume
>f tolie, are more durable and
cost only about one third as
much. Warranted against break
age for one year,
lars sent free
fMYEIt, NORTON A CO.,
may 3—eowGm Cincinnati, Ohio.
W. H. H. ADKISSON,
BOOKSELLER, STATIONER AND PRINTER,
224 West Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, Md.
We have in stock SCHOOL BOOKS,
Southern Presbyterian HYMN BOOKS,
and a general variety of
CHILDREN’S BOOKS.
All of which are offered at the lowest market price.
Printing Neatly and Promptly Executed.
Country Merchants would do well to call aud ex
amine our Stock before purchasing elsewhere.
All orders icill be promptly filled.
my 10—ly
L, P. BROCKETT'S popular history of the
Bloody Franco-German War
Now containing a full account of the
Fearful Reign of Terror in Paris
Is selling beyond all precedent:
It is by far the most reliable and only complete and
impartial history of that mighty struggle and its
momentous results. 042 pages, nearly 160 spirited
illustrations,, price only $2.60. 50,000 copies al
ready sold. It is issued in both English aud Ger
man, and is beyond question the fastest selling book
extant. Wide awake, energetic agents wanted.—
Terms extra, and freights prepaid.
Address HUBBARD BROS, Publishers,
sep 0—ly 728 Sanson Street, Philadelphia.
1,000 VOLUMES.
CAREFULLY examined and pronounced to be
in every way suitable for
SUNDAY SCHOOL LIBRARIES.
SOLD AT LOWEST RATES
AND
WARRANTED TO PLEASE.
Everything requisite or desirable fqr
SUNDAY SCHOOLS.
For sale by
T. L. D. WALFORD,
Depository American Tract Society,
914 Maiu St., Richmond, Va.
Send for our CATALOGUE.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED,
je 21—tf