For Surveyor.
JOHN V. TYLER.
SAMl'EL B. BECiGS, of Fnratiige Prairk*, is.
n independent candidate tbr Assessor and Trona
rer f Perry county. af ike ensuing November
ioe.ijn.
N. PIERCE, of Tamnroa, hereby aunonncea
i ill sc If as an Independent candidate for A asesaor
•i TiVixitrerof IVriy connty, subject tothoauf
ra<»y of the people of the county, at the appronck
'ig Xtn ember cleeihltt.
Voters Of Perry County.
The time is near ;it hand for us to
i xc-rcise the highest duty of American
itizens.
Xo man who values good govern
ment should neglect this duty. Thus
far, victory has perched on the stand
ardS of the Republican party every
where, this fall. The one grand an
iliem of triumph has rolled aeross the
continent, and we have reason to be
tsve it will prove a glorious prelude
4o the success which will crown our
fforts in the presidential election of
J m2. The Democratic party is routed,
altered and disheartened. Ilencc,
this county, as in other parts of the
untry, our Democratic friends are
Ring to forego their usual custom
•■f putting a candidate in the field, in
r hope of defeating the Republican
..i-uinees by so-called Independent
.didates. The Democratic leaders
mow that a united and aroused Re
publican party in Perry county, cannot
defeated. Hence, they will do all j
h- heir power to stir up the old preju-1
dices and divisions which have dis
tracted our party in this county the
past two years.
This lias been the effort of the Pinck
ik‘ville Banner, and it fully accords
wiili its “new departures.” We be
in', o the Republicans of Perry county j
and understand this just as well as
Jo, but we desire to call their at
tention to it, by way of remembrance,
and urge every one to be at the polls j
l wo weeks from next Tuesday, and J
vote, to a man, for John L. Beveridge j
lor Congr’essman-at-T.arge, J. Kim-'
my, f i Assessor ami Treasurer, and
■i. A', fyler. for County Surveyor, avid
ihiis demonstrate the fact that the Re
publican party in this county is united
—that they still adhere to the princi
ples and usages of the great Republi
can party,.,
The Legislature.
An act for the relief of Chicago
passed tiie lower House of oiir Legis
lature >on Tuesday last, and it is more
than •likely it lias passed the Sehate
ere this. The following is the bill:
1,1 A bill for an act to relieve the lien
of the city of Chicago upon the Illi
nois and Afiphijyuii wtirt
by refunding to said city the amount
■expended by it in making the improve
ment contemplated by An act to pro
vide for the completion of tire Illinois
and Michigan canal, upon the plan
adopted by the State in 1833,” approv
ed February 16, 1865, together with
the interest thereon, as authorized by
section five of said act.”
Discussion developed but slight op
position, and the bill was referred to a
select committee for slight amend- j
incuts.
This will secure for the relief of
Chicago about three million of dollars.
Chicago Business Prospects.
It is said that the entire Lake front,
from where the I. C. Depot stood,
south, as far as Harrison Court, has
been taken by parties who were hurried
out, and who intend to go into busi
ness at once. For this purpose per
mits have been granted by the au
thorities to parties to erect temporary
buildings, one story high. The Cham
ber of Commerce is to be re-built im
mediately on the old site. Many new
and subtantial buildings have already
been constructed in various parts of
the city and hundreds of temporary
buildings are now being built.
Chicago business is crippled but not
crushed. It will rise from its ashes
with increased vigor and energy.
M'liat it needs now, is the continued
eortdeuce and aid of its former
’riends and patrons. Let the busi
ness-men of our once great and glori
’>us metropolis knoic and fetl that they
will be sustained in this their hour of
calamity, and all will be well. The
eputation of Chicago business men
is a tower of strength. In less than
half a century, their indomitable
energy and enterprise formed and
built a city that was the pride of our
nation, and the wonder of the world.
To-day Chicago cannot boast of her
‘wautiful palaces, temples, depots,
warehouses, avenues and residences;
but their pluck and energy remain.
Theseare already taking shape and giv
ingsigns of renewed vigor and life.
'Nero win) destroyed Home by fire,
l lasted that he found it“ built of brick
e nd left it built of marble.’ So it will lie
with Chicago, in a few years it will
rise at»»\e its former greatness, wore
substantial and enduring in ail its
parts. Business may temporarily seek
other channels, but to return again,
with interest, when Chicago is herself
once more.
To Oi i: Readers.—For the first
time since the great fire, we are to
day able to send the Journal to all its
subscribers throughout the country.
We have issued for local circulation
an extra"Journal every day this week,
but it has been impossible until mow
to resume our country circulation,
We labor under the serious disadvant
age of printing by hand, and it is
slow work. We will have a new
steam power press in operation in a
few days, and then will resume our
regular circulation, last our friends
hear with us patiently.
l or the information of those of our
subscribers who have not received
the Journal during this eventful week,
we publish on one of our inside pages
an account' of the great lire.—Ctii
*''Uio Krruiuy Journal, Soturday H(li.
The Chloag'O Journal.
The enterprise of Chicago has f
worthy representative in the Evening
Journal, published by Chas. L. Wilson.
The fire on Sunday night reduced tin
office of the Journal to ashes. But th«
enterprise of its proprietor was such,
that by Monday evening he had col
lected material and a press, by means
of which, the Journal was issued, as
usual on time, (only smaller in size)
without missing a single number.
We did not receive Monday and Tues
day’s issues, but that of Wednesday
r readied our office and created rejoic
ing like that we might expect from
the returning of a lost friend. The
Chicago Evening Journal is ono of the
best papers published in the West.
We hope its circulation will be
doubled this fall. We cordially recom
mend our friends who desire a relia
ble western newspaper, to subscribe
for the Journal.
Ku-Klux in Missouri.
For some time past most diabolical
and fiendish outrages have been com
mitted in southeast Missouri, by or
ganized bands of Ku-Klux. The
Democratic press and many leaders of
that party have denied the existence
of such organizations in that State
and when murders,' assassinations and
whippings were committed, by the
members of that lawless band, some
sort of an excuse for, or a denial of
their occurauce altogether, was the de
fence set up by their apologists in the
north. Honest Democrats do not ap
prove or sanction the acts of these
outlaws any more than Republicans.
The couduct of the Democratic press
throughout the country, has done
more than all else combined, to foster
and encourage these human fiends, in
their organized form, to perpetrate the
most diabolical crimes upon the inno
cent and peaceable citizens. On the
first page of this issue will be found
an account of some of these outrages
which have been abundantly proved
by competent witnesses before the In
vestigating Committee appointed by
Congress. As to the existence of Ku
Klux organizations in Missouri, it is
now established beyond all doubt, as
the following proclamation, issued by
Gov. Brown, on the 10th inst., will
show:
Whereas, Information has been
received that an organized band exists
in the counties of Stoddard and Dun
lin, threatening the law-abiding citi
zens in their homes and property, and
Intimidating or setting at defiance or
dinary justice; and
Whereas, A full investigation has
been made under my authority by the
Adjutant General, from which it ap
pears that the local authorities of said
counties have failed to preserve the
peace, or to arrest tlioie guilty of such
outrages, and require executive aid in
enforcing the process of law.
Now, therefore, I, B. Gratz Brown,
Governor of the State of Missouri,
and Commander-in-Chief of the militia
thereof, by authority of the act of the
General Assembly, approved March
21. 1SUS, and deeming that the proper
enforcement, of the laws of the State
require it, do hereby order an enroll
ment of the militia in the said coun
ties of Stoddard and Dunlin, and the
arming and equiping of such portion
of the same as may lie found requisite,
uuder orders to be forthwith issued
from the office of the Adjutant Gen
eral; and,
I now call upon all connected with
such illegal organizations, who may
threaten to take the law in their own
hands, or who may undertake to in
fringe the rights of person or property,
to return to the condition of law-abid
ing citizens. And I announce that
the privileges of every citizen in both
respects shall be maintained intact,
and that the proper execution of the
laws under the duly appointed officers
of the country. State and national
government shall be maintained by
the whole power of the State.
And I do further call upon the law
abiding citizens of said counties to
give now their hearty co-operation in
securing the enforcement of the laws,
and in bringing to justice all who have
violated them, by the organization in
their own midst of an effective militia
force, who may be always prepared to
give assistance to the action of the
duly constituted authorities.
In witness whereof I.hereto set
my hand, and cause the great
seal of the State of Missouri to
[seal] be affixed. Done at the City of
Jefferson this 10th day of Octo
ber, a. d. 1871.
B. Gratz Brown.
By the Governor.
Eugene F. Weigel,
Secretary of State.
Is it any wonder that the Democratic
party should meet with such over
whelming defeat everywhere, while
their leading organs defend such out
laws? Thousands of the best men in
that party have voted with Republi
cans at the elections this fall, because
of the corruptions of their own party.
Peterson’s Magazine for Novem
ber -the cheapest and best of lady's
books—is before us, and a magnificent
number it is! “Baby’s Answer,” its
principal steel plate, is a perfect
beauty. Then comes its double-sized,
colored, steel fashion-plate, and “Pe
terson” is now the only magazine that
gives these double-sized plates en
graved on steel. Then there is a su
perb slipper-pattern, printed in colors,
itself alone worth the price of the
number. The tales and noveletts, as
always in “Peterson,” are all original
and of thrilling interest. “The Mys
tery of Bride’s Bayou,” in the present
number, is a story such as we rarely
see anywhere now-a-days. 1Vote is the
time to get up dubs for 1872. The Pros
pectus is just out. The price of Peter
son is only two dollars a year to sin
gle subscribers, while other magazines
of its class are three or four. To
clubs the' terms are lower still, viz:
five copies for eight dollars, or eight
copies for twelve dollars. Every per
son getting up either of. these clubs
will receive the Magazine for 1872
gratis, and also a splendid copy-right
engraving <21 inches by 18), “Five
Times One To-day!” We can speak
from personal exiierience of the beauty
and value of this engraving. Speci
mens of the Magazine sent gratis if
written for. Address, Charles J.
Peterson, 300 Chestnut Street, Phil
adelphia,
Generous Response..
In speaking of the prompt relief for
the sufferer at Caicago the Journal
very truthfully says:
Every city and town, and, wo may
say, almost every corporation and in
dividual throughout the entire nation,
are doing what they are able for Chi
cago’s relief. From everywhere, where
Christian men and women live, come
words of sympathy and contributions
for the relief of thousands of our
homeless people.
All arriving trains on all the rail
I roads are bringing in great car-loads
of provisions, clothing, etc., and great
trains are on their way from all over
the country.
In the midst of our great affliction
and loss and suffering, the hearts of
our people beat with joyful and grate
ful thankfulness to our common hu
manity all over the land, for their
overwhelming manifestations of sym
pathy and generosity.
Our community will need all the
help offered and given. There are
many thousands ot men, women anu
children who have neither home, nor
money, nor prospects. With the win
j ter approaching, these will need to be
I fed and cared for weeks and months.”
The prompt and liberal response
of our city council and from the peo
ple of Du Quoin are worthy of the
highest commendation. Several car
loads of cooked provisions, flour, ba
con and other articles have been for
warded from this station by Major
Phillips to the care of Mr. Newell,
President of the I. C. R. R. On Tues
day morning, after the fire, we printed
a large edition of circulars in this of
fice, setting forth the condition of the
sufferers in Chicago, and that all con
tributions for their aid and comfort
would be transported free by the I. C.
R. R. Hundreds of these circulars
were sent out and distributed at the
various railroad stations on the Illi
nois Central and B. S. I. R. R. in
response to which, large contributions
were immediately forwarded to this
station from Belleville, Freeburg, New
Athens, Coulterville and Pinckney
ville, on the B. S. I. R. R., and
these coupled with the generous of
ferings from every town on the I. C.
in Southern Illinois. Of course these
offerings are but as a drop in the
ocean, when compared to those of the
large cities and from the nation at
large, but like the widow's mite, it will
not only contribute to the happiness
of those who gave, but gladen the
hearts and strengthen the hands of
those who are almost crushed to the
earth, with a calamity that is beyond
the description or comprehension of
the human mind.
The Wisconsin Fires.
Janesville, Wig.,. October 13.—
Gov. Fairchild telegraphed the follow
ing from Green Bay, in relation to the
Wisconsin fires, to-night:
The appaling calamity has not been
exaggerated. Over 3,000 men, women
and children are now destitute. The
loss of life has been great—not lees
than 500 persons have been burned at
Pestigo and vicinity, and 800 on the
eastern shore.
Scores of men, women and little
children are now in temporary hos
pitals, burned and maimed, in want
of money, clothing, bedding, boots,
shoes, provisions of all kinds not
cooked, also building materials and
everything needed by a family to com
mence life with.
The people are responding nobly,
but there is no danger of too much
being received. The destitute must
be provided for during the winter.
Milwaukee, October 13.—Colonel
C. D. Ilobinson, of the Green Bay
Advocate, telegraphs Mayor Ludington
as follows: Northern steamer just in.
Doctor Nichols of your city, and other
passengers, bring the terrible news
that 470 dead bodies have been found
at Pestigo and vicinity, and it is
thought that the loss of life will reach
700. This is exclusive of the east
shore, where the loss of life is fear
ful.
THE BURNING OF MANISTEE.
Detroit, October 13.—Full particu
lars of the burning of Manistee, on
Sunday night, are received. About
ten o’clock the fire engine gave out,
after which the flames ravaged with
out resistance the helpless town, the
wind blowing a gale all night. The
loss is estimated at nearly a million
of dollars, on which there is but $80,
000 insurance.
The sufferings of the people are be
yond description, Manistee being so
far beyond immediate communication
that considerable time passed before
their wants could be made known.
The people of Grand Rapids and
Grand Haven promptly supplied their
immediate necessities, and Senator
Terry and the Mayor of Grand Rapids
have issuod an earnest appeal to the
people of the whole State for aid.
They say the latest news from Man
istee more than confirms all previous
reports of the sufferings there exist
ing. The necessities of the people are
imperative. They need immediately,
flour, meat and clothing.- Direct -ail
supplies to Senator Terry, Grand Ha
ven. A good vessel will convey all
contributions from Grand Haven to
Manistee.
The people of Detroit and other
cities are nobly responding to the ap
j peals made to their generosity. A car
load of provisions leave here to-night
fer Grand Haven. One goes from
Lansing in the morning. Large quan
tities of clothing, bedding and pro
visions are forwarded by boats to
Port Huron, Lexington and Port
1 Sanilac for the relief of hundreds of
the destitute congregated at those
nlaces.
{T'The great Chicago fire consumed
hundreds of thousands of dollars
worth of elothing, but lias not in the
least interfered with Joe Solomon’sex
tensive trade in that line of goods. He
is selling just ns cheap as ever. Joe has
just received, and is now opening, at
Ins store in this city, oneof the largest
and best assorted stocks of gents’ fur
nishing goods, clothing, hats and caps
ever brought to this market. Every-!
body is invited to call and examine I
his new goods. lie is selling cheaper
than ever.
Ourdtreat Calamity.
For the information of thoae thous
ands of readers of The Journal to
whom it has been impossible for us to
send the paper since the overwhelming
disaster whieli has overtaken The
Journal office, in common with nearly
all the business part of the city, we
give the following brief statement:
The great city of Chicago is vir
tually in ruins! The entire business
portion of the South Division, from
Harrison street north to the main
rjver_a distance of about two miles—
and from the South Branch of the
Chicago river east to Lake Michigan
—a distance of about a half a mile in
width—is now a general scene of des
olation and ruin, as also is the North
Division from the main liver north
to Lincoln Park—a distance of three
miles|in length and from the North
Branch of the Chicagu River to Lake
Michigan—a distance of about one
j mile in width. The whole area burned
over is not less than 2,300 acres, all of
which was thickly covered with
buildings. The South Division was
literally pacxea wiui great, stone ana
brick edifices, including all the banks,
all the great hotels, all the newspaper
offices, all the places of amusement,
I all the public buildings, some of the
i principal churches, and in fact the
very heart and wealth and greatness
of the city—all are now indistinguisit
able heaps of rubbish. The North
Division was filled with business
houses,, many fine residences,
many manufactories, many, fine
j churches, the City Water Works, and
about ten thousand smaller houses oc
I eupied by shops and residences—all
these are also n.rw in ruins.
Not a more terrible calamity has
ever overtaken any city in modern
times. The number of buildings de
stroyed will exceed 20,000. The amount
of property destroyed $200,000,000. The
number of miles in length of the
scone of conflagration is about five,
and its width ranges from a mile to
half a mile. Not less than 2,500 acres
have been completely burned over.’^It
is believed that not less than 500 lives
have been lost—perhaps many more,
i The residents and 'occupants of
buildings fled in terror from the rap
idly sweeping ocean of flames. But
few had time to save anything but
their lives. Men, women and children
in swarms, fled in terror before the
conflagration, and never before on the
face of God’s earth has such a specta
cle of terror, agony, chaos and suffer
ing been witnessed. Words are too
weak to give the reader anything like
a just idea of the horrible scene.
The fire broke out in a stable on the
corner of De Koven and Twelfth Sts.,
in which a woman was milking a cow,
the animal kickiug over and breaking
a kerosene lamp. From this small be
ginning, the great city has been laid
in ruins The fire begun at 9 o’clock
on’ Sunday evening, October 8, and
raged with unabated fury, until Tues
day morning, .6etbber,l0. The flames
spread from bouse !to house, from
block to block, from street to street,
witli a degree of rapidity that is in
credible. It would seem as if a show
er of lire from heaven had fallen on
that part of the city—or as ifia hot.
and fiery wind from the clouds had
swept down upon us.
The wind, which was very violent,
was from the southwest, and of course
the direction of the conflagration was
northerly and northeasterly, and Was
irresistible in its progress.
Among the great buildings in ruins
on the South side are the Postoflice
and Custom House, the Court House,
the Sherman House, the Tremout
House, the. Briggs House, Colonel
Wood’s Museum, McVieker’s Thea
ter, the Tribune building, the great
new Pacific Hotel, the great Opera
House, the Drake Block, Terrace Bow,
the great Illinois Central Union Depot,
the Rock Island and Michigan South
ern Railroad Depot, the Wells Street
Northwestern Railroad Depot, four
great grain elevators containing mib
lions of bushels of grain, the great
dry goods stores of John V. Farwell
Co., and Field, Leiter Co.—in
fact every great wholesale store in the
city and all the large retail stores—all
the produce and commission houses
on South Water and adjoining streets
—all the fine business and residence
structures on Washington and Wa
bash avenues as far south as Harri
son street—the gas works the old
Second Presbyterian Church (known
as the “spotted church”) the Episco
palian Trinity Church, the Second
Presbyterian Church, the St. Paul’s
(Univsrsalist) Church, the Evening
Journal building—and so many others
that the entire list would fill columns
of this paper. On the North side
among the principal buildings in ruins,
are the City Water Works, a dozen
fine churches, a thousand fine resi
dences, two great grain elevators,
the Northwestern Railway freight
houses, the Revere House, and many
other great buildings and instiH
stitutions—not less than 10,000 build
ings in alL As before stated the en
tire number of buildings destroyed in^
the city is about 30,000.
The whole country—nay, the whole
world is alive to the extent of our
great calamity, and contributions of
money, food, clothing, etc., are coming
in from all directions, in vast quanti
ties—and our community is unspeak
ably grateful to the country at large
for its prompt efforts to relieve the
wants and sufferings of 100,000 home
less citizens.—Chicago Journal.
Goixg.axd Coming.—While many of
the unfortunate sufferers by the confla
gration,having lost every thing,are leav
ing the city in all directions for tem
poraryor permanent residence els where,
thousands of strangers from all over the
country arc arriving by the trains,
cither to offer their help, to look after
friends or property, or as a matter of
curiosity, to see the greatest ruins now
to be found'on the face of the earth.
Our streets are full of people, and the
ruined districts are swarming with
crowds' from day-dawn to night-fall.—
Journal.
OK7TLNG MARRIED.
Essats fob TnraeM fix, on -rent SOCIAL EVILS
and Abut****, which interfere wilh marriage- with
aure mean* of relief fur Erring and trnfurtu
nate, diseased and debilitated Sent free in sealed
We are in receipt of a circular from
tiie proprietors of the Standard, pub
lished at Chicago, and we are re
quested by them to say that they
saved their subscription list and ac
count books, and that The Standard
will be published again in a few days.
In the meantime every subscriber in
arrears is requested to forward the
same to its publishers, Church Good
man, 13 Harmon Court, Chicago.
NEW THIS WEEK.
THE GREAT SALE
—OF THE—
Personal Property
Of the Hon. .Wm. Swartz, deceased, trill occur
on the 26th and 27th inste., at the residence of the
deceased, three-fourths of a mile south of Elk
vilte, Illinois.
RELIABLE
Persons desiring Insurance should be careful to
procure the genuine article. For instance, the
grand old
Phoenix, of Hartford,
Will pay all its losses by the Chicago calamity,
without exhausting much over oue-half of its sur
plus fund, and the
ANDES, Of CINCINNATI,
aptly called the Giant or Tin West, with its
$1,000,000
paid up capital stock, its prudent aud economical
management, may, with great propriety ask, and
expect, a liberal share of patmuagr. These Com
panies nr* promptly paying their losses br the late
disaster at Chicago, and are represented in thia
city by the undersigned, who will he pleased to
receive applications, and is authorized to issue
Policies at once.
J. S. McLAIN, Agent.
Du Quoin, Oct. 19th. 1871.
FRANKLIN
Fire Insurance Go.
OF PHILADELPHIA.
Established 1826.
CASH RESOURCES $3,194,311.57.
The Losses of this Company by the
Chicago Fire arc about $400,000, which
WILL NOT ABSORB TWENTY
PER CENT, of its capital.
Polioies Issued at Fair Bates.
TV'. 'H. HOLMES, Agent.
Du Quoin, Oct. 19, 1871.
i Sixty-Fire Flirt Prize Medals Awarded!
THEGREAT
Piano
iIANUFACTCP.7.
WM. KNABE CO.
Manufacturers of
GRAND, SQUARE AND UPRIGHT
PIANO FOETH f
Baltimore, Md,
These Instruments have been before the Public
for nearly Thirty Years, and upon their excellence
{alone attained' an ua purchased pre-eminence,
1 which pronounces them unequalcd, in
Tone, Touch,
W ork in ansii ip,
ami durability.
I ffitfr- AH-wr «»|t a re Pianos have our New Im
proved Overstrung Scale and the Agraffe Treble.
|y\Ve would call special attention to uur late
Patent Improvements in Grand Pianos and Square
Grands, found in no other Piano, which bring the
j Piano nearer perfection than has yet been at
i Every Piano Fully Warranted /or Five
Tears.
Illustrated Catalogues and Price-Lists promptly
famished on application to
30-tim WM. KNABK CO., Baltimore. Md.
Or any of our regular established agencies.
Peterson’s Magazine!
CHEAPEST AND BEST OF ALL!
Splendid Offers for 1872.
This popular Monthly Magazine gives more por
TUB MON IT THAN ANY IN TUB WORLD. It hag the
best colored fashions, the best original stories,
and the best engravings of anv lady's book. Great
and costly improvements will be made in 1*72,
when it will contain
One Thousand Pages!
Fourteen Splendid Steel Plates!
Ticclve .Colored Berlin Patterns!
Twelve Mammoth Colored Fashions!
One Thousand Wood Cuts!
T>venty-four Pages of Music!
All this will bfl giron for only TWO DOLLARS
a year, or a dollar leas than Magazines of the class
of Petersons.’* Its
THRILLING TALES
and NOVELETTES
Afo Mia best published anywhere. All the most
popular writers are employed to write originally
for Peterson.” In 1873, in addition to its usual
quantity of short stories. Five Original Copy
SioflT NoveLetts will be given, viz: Bought
With a Price, by Ann S. Stephans: Tha Island of
Diamonds, by llarry Danforth: Once Too Often,
by Frank Lee Benedict: Lbfcdrav'* Luck, by Miss
F Hodgson: and A Wife, Yet Not A Wife, by the
author of The Second JUfe.”
Vumotli CM him Plates
:Ahead of all others. These platea are engraved
on steel, twice the usual size, and contain six
figures. They will be superbly colored. Alao,
several pages of Household and other receipts; in
ahort, evarything intereating to ladies.
Terms—Always in Advance:
•One copy, for one year.$ 2 00
Fire copies, for one ytar. 8 UO
Eight copies, for one year.12 10
SUPERB PREMIUM ENGRAVING.
Every person pelting, up a cjub of five at $I,fiO
.each, or eight at $1.50 each, will be entitled to an
bxtrii copy of the Magazine for 1872, and also to a
ciipy of the superb jmrlor mezzotint (size 24 inches
by iSj, Five Times One To-Day," which, at
elbre. would cost four dollars.
Specimens sent, gratis, to those wishing
to get up Clubs. Address,
Charie i J. PsUnoa,
No. 306 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia,^.
Wuttd Agents—For Our
PHYSICAL
LIFE OF
New
Wart,
WOMAN:
By Geo. IT. Napheys. In l>oth English and Ger
man, Price $3.00. 'This brave, pare book is tha
great success of the year, and is selling at the
rate of thousands of copies per month. Among
late reports are: H9 in five days, 118 in one week,
37 in one day, 278 in three "weeks, Ac. Many
agents never order less than 150 to 300 coplea at a
time. 5,5; 0 copies have been sold in a single
county. Bend for pamphlet, Ac.
Address, E. HANN AFORD A CO.,
Publishers, 177.West 4th Bt., Cincinnati.
AGENTS WANTED FOR
Triumphs of
Enterprise.
A NEW BOOK BT JAMES PARTOX.
A-' A history of the successful men of America,
their wonderful inventions, discoveries, and
achievements, showing how admirable actions,
noble character. Ingenuity, aud public spirit, have
contributed to the advancement of the wprld.
Finely illustrated; intensely Interesting, ind very
Instructive. A rare chance for agents. Ben# for
circulars, and note our extra terms.
U. A. PARKER A CO., Publishers,
100 Madison st., Chicago, 111.
P.8.-l.ady agents v anted to sell flit greatest
work on the subject ever published.
WOMAN AS A WIFE AXD MOTHER,
By Pro H. Chavasse, M. D. A work wjilch if
placet! in every family, will save the lives or thous
ands of Mothers and children yearly. It you waei
to make money and do good, send at once for onr
circulars and terms, mailed free.
AMERICAN
Central Insurance Co.,
ST. LOTJIS, IMIO.
Subscribed Capital over $1,500,000.
BOARD OF TRUSTEES:
Geo. P. Plant, ex-Pres. Union Mer
chants’ Ex.
Gee It. SUryock, President Board of
Trade.
W. H. Pulsifer, Pres. St. L. L. O. Co.
F. A. Iteuss, F. A. Reuss Co.
S. M. Dodd, Dodd, Brown Co., Dry
Goods.
Jno. Wahl, Wahl Carpenter, Com.
Merchants.
D. M. Adams, Pres. K. Y. X. Bauk,
Topeka, for Kan.
M. L. Pottle, Commission Merchants.
Morris, Taussig,!'., Livingston Co
C. N. McDowell, Bussey Co.
Clmuncey I. Filley, tjueensware Mer
chant.
James P. Fiske, Fiske, Knight Co.
Wm. Hunicke, Hunicke Wist,
Com. Merchants.
Gen. Jas. L. Minor, for State of Mo.
Russell Hinckley, Belleville, for State
Illinois.
S. E. Gilbert, Evansville, for lnd.
St. Louis, October lltli, 1871.
At a special meeting of the Trustees of the American Central Insurance
Company held this day
Resolved, That the American Central Insurance Company will pay all their
losses in the Chicago Fire, immediately on adjustment.
W. II. HOLMES, Agent.
Du Quoin, October 18tli, 1871.
CALL AT
HANDFORD’S
IsTEW
BootsnU Shoe Store,
(FORMERLY CITY DRUG 8TORK,)
If you would find the place where you Can buy
TJTE BEST
Boots and Shoes
FOR T1IK
LEAST MONEY.
Repairing Done at Short Notice.
Du Queln. Mav 11.1871. fl-tf
To Farmers.
Look to Your Interests
FARMERS.
-u
Labor Saved is Honey Earned!
I HAVE THE
“Sucker State” Drill,
Which we consider the VERY BEST DRILL ever
made. Some of ihe peculiar characteristics of the j
Slicker State Drill are:
It is a Force Feeder,
It Never Hunches Grain,
It will sow all Kinds of Grain,
Long and Wide Steel Points.
I ALSO HAVE THE
ST. CLAIB
Cider Wine Mill,
MANUFACTl'RHl BY
Esler Ropiequet,
BELLEVILLE, ILL.
Prices Reasonable.
Come and see sample*. Office—East Main St., i
I)n Quoin, Illinois.
II. HENKE. I
i Julyia, 1871. 16-tf
Cheap Farms! Free Homes!
On tbe line of the
Union Pacific R. R.
A LAND GRANT OK
12,000,000 ACHES
Best Farming It Mineral Lands in America
3,000,000 acres choice Farm
nig lands iind grazing land* on the line of the
road, in the
Stale of Nebraska, in the Platte Valley,
Now offered for *nle, for cash or long credit.
These lands are in a mild and healthy climate,
and for grain growing and stock raising, unsur
passed by any in the United States.
Prices range from $2 to 910 per acre.
Homesteads for Actual Settlers.
2,500,000 acres of Government land, between
Omaha and North Platte, open for entry as home
steads only.
Soldiers ot the Late War
Are entitled to a free homestead of 160 acres, with
In railroad lirafrs.Vqual to a direct bounty of 94oo
Send for the new edjtfoo of tfescnpthe pamphle
with new maps, mailed free everywhere.
Address F, DAVIS,
Land Commissioner l’. P, R. R. Co.
24-3m Omaha Neb.
Great Auction Sale of
Farm Stock, &c.,
On October 18thf 1871.
We will sell at public sale, on the premise* bow
occupied by T. L. King, one mile south of Old Du
Quoin, on
Wednesday, October 18th, 1871,
all the farm stock. utensils, household and'
kitchen furniture, consisting of Horses, Mules,
Cows, Bulls, Heifers and Hogs; Drill, Reaper, I
Wagons, Plows. Harrows. Haruess*. com in the j
crib and in the field. Also one-hal/ interest in a
thresher, Ac.
Terms or Sale.—A credit of twelve months j
will be given on all sums over $10, the purchaser
giving note with approved seeattty: sums under
$10, cash.
J. P. CRAIG ft A. DOUGLAS.
Dn Quoin, Oct. 2nd, 1874, *8-w2
OLD’S
FINE SHOES FOR LADIES'
wear, give entire satisfaction. A full
line of these
CELEBRATED GOODS
In a mri-tv of .trie, and rises, far
Ladies, Misses and Children,
■•win stork, hj
K-tt a. B. SMITH *CO.
gNIDER HOLMES,
Dealers in Every Description of
*F A PER,
Printers' Card Stock,
Wade’s Ink, and Envelopes.
Manufacturers of
Fine Book and Neics Paper,
103 North Second Street.
Q- bT. LOUS, MO.
New Advertisements.
VINEGAR BITTERS"
I. \V*i.Km:. l*roj.r!*»..r. H II i\> Hrii-;:
»«n. Ag-st*, Sru Fruruuro, ami 34 Coium«rie N. t
MILLIONS Hear Tentimouy to thci%
Wonderful Cnfntive Effects.
They arc not a vile Fnnry Drink, Made of Poor
Hum, Whiskey, Proof Spirits anil UcfiiKO
fliquors doctored, spiced and sweetened to pleaiie the
called "Tonics” “■Appetizers,” “IU,Ntoi,cra,”lir.,
t hat lead the tippler on to drunkenneunud ruin,but are
utruc Mcdicine.made from the Native Boots and Herbs
ff California, free from nil Alcoholic Stlmu
Innts. They are the CHEAT 1ILOOR PI’HI
FI Eli nud A LIFE lilVINIi PRINCIPLE,
per feet Ileno valor and In v iterator of the System,
arryingolT all poisonous mutter and restoring Ihcblood
(o a healthy condition. No person ran take these Bit
ter* according to directions and remain long unwell,
provided their bones arc not destroyed by mineral
j.oisonor other means, and the vital organs wasted
beyond the point of repair.
They arc xi (•mil* rurgnlive r.H w en nna
Tonic, possessing, :.lso, the i»eculi:ir merit of acting
ns n powerful agent in relieving Congestion or Inflam
mation of tlio Liver. nn<i nil thoVisceral Organ*.
FOR FEMA LE OAI I*I.AI NTS, in voting or
pld, married or single, at the dawn of womnnhiHxl or at
the turn of life, those Tonic Bitters have no equal.
For Inflntiimntory nml Chronic Klicntim
11miii nml (aotif. Dvnpcpsiu or InriigCMtinn,
Ililloiin, Keicilileut nml Intermittent Fe
ver*, DiNcnNCs of the Hlootl, Liver, Kid
neys mid Bladder, these Bitters have U*n most
successful. Such llisenses are caused hv A’it luted
Blood, which is generally produced by derangement
of the Digestive Organs.
DYSPEPSIA OK IXDICJF.STION, Ileaib
ache. Pain in the Shoulders, Coughs, Tightness of (lie
Chest, Dizziness. Sour Knictations of the !^MKli,
Had Taste in the Mouth. Bilious Attacks, Palliation of
the Heart. Inflammation of the hangs Pain in there
gions of the Ridneys.end a hundred otherpattiAil sy%1*
toms, are the ofl< pring.* of Dyspepsia.
They invigorate the Stomach nr.d stimulate the torpid
Liver and Bowels, winch reuaer them of -unequalled
eflimey in cleansing the blood of nil impurities, and im
parting new life* and vigor to the whole system.
FOB SKIN DISEASES, Eruptions.Tetter. Salt
Rheum, Blotches. Spots, Pimple*, Pustules, Boils, Car
buncle*. Ring-Worm*. Scald Head. .Sore Eyes. Krysipe
ias. T tcli. Scurf-. IM.-coloration.s of the Skin, Humor* and
Diseases of the Skin, of whatever name or future, aie
literally dug up and earned out of the systeuvin a short
time by the useot these Bitters. One bottle in such
ease* will convince tiioiuost incredulous of their cura
tive effects.
Cleanse the Vitiated Blood whenever yon find It* Im
purities bursting through the skin in Pimples, Erup
tions or Sores cleanse it when you find it obstructed
and sluggish in the veins: cleanse it when it is foul,
and your feeling* will tell you w hen. Keep the Mood
pure, and the health of the system will follow.
Fin, Tape, mid oilier Wo rut m. lurking in the
system of *o many thousands, are effectually destroyed
and removed. Says a distinguished physiologist,
there is scarcely an individual upon the face of the
earth whose body is exempt from the pretence of
worms. It is not upon the healthy element* of the
body that worms exist, hut upon the diseased humor*
and slimy deposits that breed these living monsters of
disease. No System of Medicine, no vermifuges, no
anthelmintics will free the system from worms like
these Bitters.
J. WALKER, Proprietor. R. !L McDONALD CO„
Druggists and Gen. Agents. San Francisco. California
and 32 and 31 Commerce Street. New York.
'^60LD BY ALL DRUGGISTS AND DEALERS
8 O'CIiOCK.
$325
A MONTH,
nishrd: ex
II. B. SUA
Iloree and carriage fur
pen*®* paid: samples free.
W. AIf.cd. Me. 28 4w
Rifles Shot-Guns, Revolvers,
Gun materia!:* of every kind. Write for Price
List, to Great Western (.’iin Works. Pittsburgh,
Pa. Aruiv guii* and Revolvers bought or Haded
for. Agent* wanted.
CENTS will pay for the WREATH—the
best niH>razine for old and young—lor three
nu-uths on trial. Address*
THE WREATH, Bedford, Ind.
AGENTS LOOK! $3 to $12 daily easily
made. Profitable and respectable business. A
little novelty wanted by everybody. Success sure.
Send stamp for circulars to Churchill A Temple
ton. Manure. CIS. Broadway, N. Y.
ASK TOUR GROCER FOR
CRUMBS of COMFORT
$10 from 50s
IISahflxs sent (postage paid) for Fifty Cents, that
retail eastlr lor Tan Dollars. R. L. Woi.cOTT. N.Y.
mi
Agents, wc will pay you $40 per week in Cash, if
you will engage with us at once. Everything fur- i
uished and expense* paid. Address F*. A. ELLS i
ft CO., Charlotte, Mich.
FREE 3 MONTHS ON TRIAL
A first class large quarto Journal, 64 colttjnns.
Illustrated. Or one year for 60 cents, with two
hound lectures, by Janies McCosh, D.D., L. L.D.,
ind K. O. Haven, D.D., L. L.D., a* premium*.
Send name and address to PEOPLES JOURNAL,
I’hicagos HI.
A Ml CHANCE 70S
I THEA-NECTAR
IS A PURK
BLACK TEA
with the Green Tea Flavor.
Warranted to suit all taste*.
For sale evoiywhere in tnr
trade-mark pound and half
pound packages only. And for
sale wholesale only by the
11IX.A I AILA.MIt Cfc l AUMt
Tea l.'o., 8 Church St., New York. P. O. Box
5o06. Send for Thea-Nectar Circular.
WANTED-AGENTS, ($20 per day to Bell the
celebrated Home Shuttle Sewin'; Machine.
Ha* the under-feed, make* the “lock-stitch"
(alike on both sides.) and is fully licensed. The
best and choaiH*st Family Sewing Machine in the*
market. Address, .Johnson, Clark Co.. Boston,
Maas., Pittsburg, Pa., Chicago., III., or Sc Louis
Mo. IA4w.
«t»1-*-» r-e-’Ky Pu?v. r
.n.p.H-! o.n-.. fc.r a v i4 »*•.»hi**«&..}
f'.ii* uii»i«(ni> iif li!,j -f***** I*
t« y V |H»r»r%it. »-w*f rj. 1
rt*>l v«n^r»u.Jl w«..» t-Aist*
sttcamK. r» hj
AGENTS WANTED FOH JHE YEAR
VI uil I I uuv| ucruiau mi auu
THE RED REBELLION IN PARIS,
Accurate, reliable and complete^, in English and
German.
40.000 Copies already sold. Price $2.50.
Address J. Goodspeed's Kotiks Book* Mar ajtd
ricTPRE Hot !»E. Chicago or St. Louis.v
l*,'**' •'•“•Me rmi ,0-Tirr
Z^-s- CMoeu- VYsT?-**“*
toll by
V?o!*»** fa PEi{FI HrRY>..
POPERY?
THE FOE OF THE <’uii{,.„
AND REPUBLIC
"'hat i! has dune. Wlr.il it j, dr.it,.. N'
nwaus to do. Its power, deattoti-nT. i, it
fraud.. relicts. miracles. i.Mairr
•tarilin? Crimea, aud HEW YORtMOTa"'!!’1''
for circular. Address PiOH.K i', M
INC! CO., W Monroe St., Chica o. M 11
Wells’ Carbolic Tablets
For Couyhs, Cohh «i«?
These 1 ablets present the acid in eomw.
With Other efficient remedies. In a nnuilar r a!u”»
the cure of Tnno.T ami l.t xo iliaA"™ f*r
HotSSKN K». and I'u EltATKIS f n„'.en
immediately relieved, ami Mueinrnts ir. sri'
ly being.e,it to the proprietrrof relien,r“,',t:
Throat difficulties of yearn standing. 14 a i
caution. "sJ*
Get only Wells' Carlsiiir Tablets po I.T
REDUCTION OF PRICES
TO CONFORM TO
Reduction of Duties
GREAT SAVING TO CONSUMERS
BT GETTING IP t it ns
JW*Send for our New Price him 1
form will accompany it. containing rui]
—making a large saving to consumer. a
Herat ive to club organizer*.
TIIF. CHEAT AMERICAN TEA
31 33 VESSEY STREET,
P. O. Box 51113. NEW YOR
H
AGENTS WANTED FOR Tin
ISTORY OF THE
WAR IN EUROPE
It contains over 1B0 tine engmin-. „l tw
Scenes ami iucideuta in the War.
Flit. AITHENTIC and oritl lit. |,iat„n orthal .'r
conflict. Agents arc meeting with uimtembm !i
success, selling from 20 to it) .lie. .Vd, 'T
it is publish.il in both English a,,j l,
Cillltion ''•‘IV'!'’r are'heh,
‘•truilaied. See that t le-k,
you buy contains lull tine cngraviii". ut.,1 -or, t
Send for eireiilars A see our t,mo. b„.t
script Ion of II,e w, rk. Address. v,
ustiiNo Cm. Ch'cago, 111., chteluita*. 'o’:.!
St. Lotiin, Mo. °r
I^OOK AGENTS ANTKl)
ion TWO Nl.W *M. ,.„P1 1K „.0|
KNOTS UX1TED
Or, The Hidden l.ifu of lt!
showing how the perjietratoin **f •ni-.f|ii»f •iitd'oiii
ra«e are brought to juslice nn«l
whole Detective eyntem. lO.tKO votiirs tu
day*.
A WOMAN'S PIIGBUAB
To the Holy Land, by Mrs. S. M i>w,.U) tm.
latest work of this popular authon—. I, :ui inoi
eatius narrative of her experiences dttrittgs
through Europe and the Its.t. in
"Mark Twain 'and the Quaker City user
handsome volume, full; illustrated! We ,4
extra term, and premium, to Ageutn. s
circulars. .1. it. lit uit, Hydk A 1.1'.. linriforl It
iiukuham:
PATENT
Lantern Com’y,
OfHce 1J lav «tinvi,
►lairs.i „\fc\V YOl-K
Offer to the n'lhli. *i i.untein ruin
binini; sufotv ami economy. a
elegance uud usrUnc-*. It eaur
explode: ir jriw* a food bjiht. aa i
COJIslIllH-j* loss till tluill any n:la:
it i* not diMmdxd by th»**bj
wind, and if a trlsisf* i* broken. ii
enfily replaced by iiiear^of Mint
They are universally lilod v.ln e
they have 1k*v!i tried.
Is a Soa.ii *nu nlrni »ha» iw» t-wi**
for many yea-icbv the med;,.*] ;««iv of !j*
tricte* with WMuWf''.! HHeaev an*' s *urv aa»
1 perfect remedy l*je*U.<lUc4i.»-si uft
UVCB AND SIT-KEN, ENl-AK* -LJIIXI .»«,.r -TK, 7U-'
OK INTKfTIKKl, CXUiiKl -'Tl tUMh'C .Ue
AL UlioAN:*. l*oV£UTY OH -1 ’VAST
INTEKMirrr.NT FEVERS. INTIM'K
or the i.rvFi:rj»R0P3X. suw.;.^
iTLATlON OK THK BLOOD. AH'
TCWOH*. JAl"NP» E.
DYSPEPSIA, AOI K AX!>
Til FI k r.)M OMIT1.
is :i most perfect alterative, and i> «.flero(lft- lie
public us a irreat invi^orafor and remedy J-.fsb
impurities ot the blood, or for organic Wf.-ikr.r-,
with thetr attendingevils. For the foregoing rw»
pUillts
JERUBEBA
is confidently recommended it to every fant-iv**
a hntiscliolcf remedy which should bchivlyi: t
forall derangementsof the season.
It is NOT a PHYSK it is not what Is piomiar’v
cajled n Bitters, nor is it imeiidcd as mu!-; i'ii
simply a jiowerful alterative. ;fivim: health. \'v:r.:
and time t«» all the \ital lorces, and #i.c
fortifies all weak ami lymphatic iciuj«-r:nueu;*.
John (J. Kellooc, 18 Platt street. N. V
sole agent for the I'nited Sin’e-.
price One Dollar jier bottle. #«ud for tiretttn
<|frmitn
L IMI ETEB,
(Successor to IIKNKY
Dealer iu
IPaints Oil*,
PATENT MEDICINES.
Varuishc, Colors.
Class. Potty.
■W-A-XiXj PAPBE.
Toilet Goods.
Perfumeries.
Lamps. Lamp l'ivo
PURE WINES AND LIQUORS,
or nreilic;il purposes
Prescriptions Carefully Compounded.
Thankful for punt favor?. I <r"»t —.Ht’ihrearf
and eurcful attention to husoes*. t0 42*1*
tinned patronage of the public.
THE GREAT CAl'SB
HUMAN MISERY.
Juet Published, In a Sealed Envelope. I,*''
A l.irTtm os tub Naubp, Ti:‘aths
Radical Cure of Seminal ol’cnbr
torrhiea, induced b> .v.Mijiv an'.
Sfe’0?™® M. I)-•»’>">- "f
“Green Book.” Ac. ndroir*^’
The World-renowned author.i» _
Lecture, clearlv proves Iwni \biieo
that I he awful consequences or Sen .fi|lt. ,ni
he effectually Bsnoved.wj.hjaf k,..
without dangerous aurgic.il oi*-' .|i)iQ;, out_a
instruments, rings, ur 'd ..flwnial.
mode of cure at ouce certain a i,j. coin1'
which every sufferer, no tual.
tion mav be. mar cure himself h -h-. |ltwaU
aud radically. This leciure li
thousand* anti thousand*. 1T#d
Sent under real, in pl *’.n en
dress, on receipt of «ix ec*
stamps, bv addressing the pn .i.uif.
AImt, Dr. Cnlverwell a ^Ma
25 cents. Address the I ublW '*4
t ’HA4*. .jiJ
12? Bowery, New York.
2 It
On Mari
FIappt Rai.fSP ron Yooto
of Errors and abuses in car
stored. Nervous debility cm
to Marriage removed. >ew n«(
Hew and n-markahle remedies,
laps sent free, in sealed envelop
Address Howard Awn IATI
Ninth si., Philadelphia, 1 a.
liCC1*
l n
en'
TU
,b
*a>
r*
r V

(&r'