title: Winter and Spring
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1833
source: https://archive.org/details/hammahflagg00goulrich (Poems, 2nd ed. with additions, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1833; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 44
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse; Scottish imitations excluded

' Adieu! ' Father Winter sadly said
To the world, when about withdrawing,
With his old white wig half off his head,
And his icicle fingers thawing.
( Adieu! I am going to the rocks and caves,
And must leave all here behind me;
Or, perhaps I shall sink in the Northern waves,
So deep that none can find me.'
"Good luck ! good luck, to your hoary locks ! '
Said the gay young Spring, advancing;
You may take your rest 'mid the caves and rocks,
While I o'er the earth am dancing.
' But there is not a spot where your foot has trodr
You hard, and clumsy old fellow,
Not a hill, nor a field, nor a single sod,
But I must make haste to mellow.
' And then I shall carpet them o'er with grass,
Which will look so bright and cheering,
That none will regret that they let you pass
Far out of sight and of hearing.
' The fountains that you locked up so tight,
When I shall give them a sunning,
Will sparkle and play with my warmth and light,
And the streams will set to running.

1 1 '11 speak in the earth to the palsied root,
That under your reign was sleeping;
I '11 teach it the way in the dark to shoot,
And draw out the vine to creeping.
1 The boughs that you cased so close in ice
It was chilling e'en to behold them,
I'll deck all over with buds so nice,
My breath can alone unfold them.
1 And when all the trees are with blossoms dressed,
The bird with her song so merry
Will come to the branches to build her nest,
With a view to the future cherry.
' The earth will show by her loveliness,
The wonders I am doing,
While the skies look down, with a smile, to bless
The way that I 'm pursuing! '
Said Winter, ( Then I would have you learn
By me, my gay new-comer,
To push off too, when it comes your turn
And yield your place to Summer! '
