title: The Half-Mast Flag (part 1 of 2)
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 133
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

How slow yon bark moves o'er the trembling wave,
While her low flag the sighing breezes sweep!
She comes, a mourner, from the new-made grave
Of him whom she has buried in the deep.
With sorrow heavy-laden, she appears;
Beneath its weight must many a spirit bend!
For hope's last ray she comes to quench in tears
At once, for parent, brother, sister, friend.
Their loved one she has left upon her way! —
Low she has laid him in an ocean tomb,
With waf ry mountains o'er his youthful clay.
Where human sight shall never pierce the gloom.
To eyes that oft have sought her coming sail.
That they again might rest with joy on him.
Her silent signal tells the fearful tale,
While inward anguish turns their vision dim.
Edwin! can virtue, promise, early worth.
And warm aftection, such as thine, depart?
Can one like thee be summoned fix>m the earth,
And yet, the living lay it not to heart?

Oh! there is sadness where thy face was seen,
And lamentation where thy voice wa« known,
From those who feel the gate of death between
Thy bright, immortal spirit, and their own.
And like the wailing surges of the sea,
That o'er thy sleeping clay, unceasing roll.
Sorrow's dark waves, to those who mourn for thee.
Rise in their might, to overwhelm the soul.
Yet, woe is but for them. For thee, above
Ib joy un mingled, which the blessed know!
Thy voice is tuned to praise eternal love.
While sighs and sadness fill thy place below.
Long have the bending angels beckoned thee
To quit this thorny vale and come on high;
Thy years on earth were few — and thou art free
From pain, from care and every mortal tie!
Yes — thou hast crossed the cold and swelling tide
Of Jordan, borne upon thy Saviour's breast.
Thou now art safe where every tear is dried,
Where pain is ended, and the weary rest
For He who bids the stormy billows sleep,
Placed his soft hand beneath thy sinking head;
He, thy best Friend, received, upon the deep.
His own redeemed, from off thy dying bed.

And, shall we wiati thy young and bleased feet
Back from the holy hills they now have trod?
Or hcAd our own prepared, that we may meet
Thy sainted spirit in its home with God?
He is Eternal Wisdom — we are dust;
And meekly at his footstool may we dwell!
His hand lies heavy on us — yet. we trust
In him alone who < doeth all things well! '
Edwin! beloved, departed one, adieu!
Since He, who lent thee, has recalled his own.
We bow in silence, while, to mortal view,
Clouds and thick darkness hang around his throne!

T WAS night In silence the tranquil scene
Of earth lay under a sky serene.
The moon in her peerless heauty shone.
She trayersed the ether fields alone,
With mildness sending her silver beams
To glitter and play in the lakes and streams;
While over the slumbering world she cast
Her mantle of light, as on she passed
Across the numberless stars, that strewed
Her path in the calm, deep solitude.
But there was one, at this peaceful hour,
Awake to worship the holy power,
Whose wisdom the firm foundations laid
Whereon the heavens and earth were made;
Who willed; and what to a- world was wrought,
Arose firom the depth of eternal thought;
Who spake, while Chaos the mandate heard —
And order appeared at his mighty word;
Who marked the space for the spheres to roll;
Who breathed — and man was a living soul!
atitution, while undergoing her late repairs, haa been made Into
various small articles to be preserved as memorials of her senrieea
and achievements.

The lady her evening prayer had said,
Had sung her hymn and a tear had shed,
As the sign of her fiiith she marked and blessed,
Where lightly it lay on her heaving breast;
While, bowed in spirit, she mourned within
That God's fair image, enslaved by sin.
Had caused the stream from the crimsoned tree,
Where death was conquered, and man made free -
That now he must pass to his native skies
Through the blood of a guiltless sacrifice.
The cross she wore was of oaken wood.
That once in a far-oflf wild had stood:
•T was carved from the heart of the forest king,
And hung o'er hers by a silken string.
But what it had seen in the royal oak.
And since it bowed to the woodman's stroke.
Until to the sacred emblem formed.
And thus by a christian bosom warmed,
She asked; and this did it seem to say.
As on it, sleeping, a moonbeam lay:
' When called from my mother earth, at first
A fiiir, young shoot from the acorn burst;
And I was there in the infant tree;
Its vital fluid was feeding me.
And when it arose from the tender germ.
To stand in an oak mature and firm,
Its root struck deep and its head towered high.
While I, still hidden firom mortal eye.

Was yiewed alone by the radiant One.
That kindled the stars and lit the sun.
' Unseen I Ve listened, and fearless heard
The cry of the savage, of beast and bird.
The heavy tramp of the gloomy bear
Has passed by me to his sunken lair;
The wolf prowled 'round me, the eagle screamed,
And near me the blood of their victims streamed.
I 've heard the whiz of the Indian's dart,
The deer's last bound as it touched his hearty
And the crackling faggots that then have blazed,
But reached me not with the flame they raised.
'The wounded cbieflain has pressed the sod
Beneath me, trusting an unknown God,
That he to a hunting-ground should gO,
In the spirit-world, with his shafts and bow;
While death was hastening to dismiss
His blindly wandering soul from this.
And when that warrior-soul had fled,
And under the clods they laid their dead.
Then nature dissolved his mortal part.
To strengthen the oak in il^ root and heart.
' The scorching heat and the pinching cold
Have only rendered me strong and bold.
The storms of ages have 'round me beat.
But shook me not from my moveless seat.
