title: The Half-Mast Flag (part 2 of 2)
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 93
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

The hail has rattled, the torreDt poured,
The lightning glared and the thunder roared —
The wind with fury has tried its power
In yain, to ruin my strong high tower;
The sick earth opened, and heaved to free
Her fired, but never neglected me.
^ And Nature her sweetest sounds has made
About me to play, in my calm, green shade.
The tender mother who found her young
Where o'er them the living veil was hung,
Wbuld tell the joy of her downy breast
In song, while hovering 'round her nest.
The spirit that made the oak his care
Has touched his harp with a hand of air,
To whispering leaves, that danced to hear
The notes of their guardian angel near.
"But Time, who, bom with his wings unfurled.
Where new-made matter became a world,
Has never suffered them since to pause.
Decrees, as first of his tyrant laws.
That all they sweep in his powerful range.
Shall take his signet, and yield to change.
And what no element could destroy.
The tree, which the savage beheld with joy,
And left it flourishing high and fair.
The hand of the white man would ttot spare.
"He came. The might of his arm he tried.
He smote the oak till it bowed and died»

The stately trunk of its bead bereft,
When its limbs were lopped and its sides were cleft,
Was forced away from the sylvan scene,
To strengthen the frame of an ocean qneen.
When pierced and probed by the cold, blue steel,
Tiiey fastened it over her noble keel,
On every side enclosing it tight
From Heaven's free air and its cheering light
"When far from my own dear forest-ground,
I lay in irons, and firmly bound
To many an aged oak that died
To form that ship in her power and pride.
They gave her the arms of a mighty host.
And called her after Columbia's boast.
The " Constitution" — and T, in part.
Was nerve and strength to her dauntless heart.
But sad indeed were the scenes they then
Prepared for me in the ways of men!
"An exile, torn from my place of birth,
They now denied me a home on earth,
And hurried me off on the. deep, to be
The restless sport of a rolling sea.
But, not the furious waves I crossed,
By winds and waters driven and tossed.
Nor yet the tempest, in all its wrath.
That came to trouble my perilous path,
Was half so terriGle, as the strife
Of man with mau, and his waste of life.

Displaying his garments drenched in blood,
The withering flash of his flery eye
He gave as a signal for man to die.
His thundering voice for his victims roared —
And forth fix>m their bosoms the life-streams poured!
A shroud for his banner on high he bore,
With death's dread countenance traced in gore.
< He claimed the ship. With his sword unsheathed,
He reapt on the deep, and round her wreathed
The fairest laurels, that spring and grow
Where drop the arms of a conquered foe!
And, dipped in the red and reeking sluice
Of life's warm current at once let loose,
Her palm he raised in victory high;
And bright was her glory to this world's eye.
Though weeds and weeping its light revealed.
As it shone afar from the victor's shield.
^ But Time flew on; and the murdered oak
In many a battle was stricken and broke.
By the mouths of its wounds it craved release
From war and the waves, to the earth and peace.
And what it had sought in its strength, and failed.
It asked in its weakness, and thus prevailed.
From bonds and darkness 'twas then set free;
And I was cut from its heart to be.
Through joy and sadness, a holy sign
Of the vow, the faith, and the hopes of thine.

' When war and death shall at length be slain,
For the Prince of peace and life to reign —
When sin, nor sorrow, nor pain, nor night,
Can pass the end of the christian fight —
Where earth's vain glory is all forgot
Before his brightness^ who changeth not.
May the Spirit that hovers about thee here.
To note the cause of thy falling tear.
Attest to thy counting all as loss.
To follow the Lamb and bear the Cross! '
