title: The Winter King (part 1 of 2)
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 79
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

O f what) will become of thee, poor iitde bird?
The muttering storm in the digtance is^eard;
The rough winds are waking, the clouds growing bkck!
They 11 soon scatter snow-flakes all over thy back.!
From what sunny clime hast thou wandered away?
And what art thou doing this cold winter day?
< I 'm pecking^ tiie gum from the old peach tree.
The storm doesn't trouble me — Pee, dee, dee.'
Bat, what makes thee seem so unconscious of care?
The brown earth is frozen, the branches are bare!
And how canst thou be so light-hearted and free,
Like Liberty's form with the spirit of glee.
When no place is near for thine evenmg rest.
No leaf for thy screen, for thy bosom no nest?
^ Because the same hand is a shelter for me,
That took off the summer leaves! — Pee, dee, dee.'
But man feels a burden of want and of grief
While plucking the cluster and binding the sheaf!
We take from the ocean, the earth and the air;
And all their rich gifbs do not silence our care.
In summer we faint; in the winter we 're chilled,
With ever a rM that is yet to be filled.

And BO with us; His spreading
Our pinions for the skieB,
That keeps us low and dreading
The first attempt to rise.
'T is rousing up and getting
Our balance, that we shun;
With thousand ties besetting,
We shrink from breaking one.
But, when we Ve fkiri j started,
And cleared fi'om all below.
How €ree and buoyant-hearted.
On eagle wings we go!
And as our bosoms kindle
With pure and holy love,
How all below will dwindle.
And all grow bright above!
The world that we are leaving
Looks little in our sight,
While, clouds and shadows cleavings
We seek the Source of Light
Rise! timid soul, and casting
Aside thy doubt and fear,
Mount up where all is lasting;
For all is dfm(f here!

TbeDf as an eagle training
Her tender young to fly,
The hand, that's all sustaining.

Will lift thee to the sky.

While higher, higher soaring
Thou 'It feel thy cares are drowned
Where heaven's bright Sun is pouring
A flood of glory round.

A ICSITB OF THE lETENTBEirTH CSITTUKT.
The servant of God is on his way
From Boston's beautiful shore;
His boat skims light o'er the silvery bay,
While the sleeping waters awake and play,
At the touch of the playful oar.
The purpose that fills his soul is great
As the soul of a man cah' know;
Vast as eternity, strong as the gate
The spirit must pass, to a changeless state.
And enter, to bliss or woe!,
His boat is fast; and over the sod
Of a neighboring wood he hies.
Through moor and thicket his path is trod, *
As he hastens to speak of the living God
In the ear of a man, who dies!
Where Rumn^'s* forest is high and dark.
The eagle lowers her wing,
O'er him, who once had made her his mark;
For the Sagamore, in his hut of bark.
Is a perishing, powerless king. * better known as Sagamoke Johi«, son or ttie Squaw-Sachem; and
for an account of the Rev. Mr. Wilson's visit to him, in his laat
moments, at his wigwam on the ground anciently called FTmmMmt,
and Rwrnney Marsh, but now divided between Chelsea and
Bangui, fee Thatcher' Iroiar Bioorafrt.
