title: The Winter King (part 2 of 2)
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 80
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

At the door of his wigwam faaDg the bow,
The antler, and beaver-skin;
While he, who bore them, is faint and low,
Where death has given the fatal blow,
And the monarch expires within.
The eye that glanced, and the eagle fled
Away, through her fields of air;
The hand that drew, and the deer was dead;
The hunter's ^t, and the chieftain's head,
And the conquertjr'i^ann, are there!
Bu^jtoch its powerful work has done;
Its triumph at length is past;
The final conflict is now b^gun.
And weeping the mother hangs over her son.
While the Sagamore breathes his last!
The queen of the Massachusetts grieves.
That the life of her child must end!
And that is a noble breast that heaves
With the mortal pang on the bed of leaves,
Of the white man's Indian Friend!
The stately fym, which is prostrate there,
On the feet that are cold as snow.
Has often sped in the midnight air
A word to the christian's ear to bear.
Of the plot of his heathen foe!

And oft, when roaming ^ ^ild alone,
That generous heart would melt
- At Ibe touch of a ray of light, that shone
From the white man's God, till before his throne
Almost has the Indian knelt.
Yet the fiital fear, the fear of man,
That bringeth to man a snare.
Has braced his knee, as it just began
To bend; and the dread of a heathen clan
Has stifled a christian prayer.
But now, like a flood, to his trembling heaiC
Has the fear of a Gon rushed in;
And keener far than the icy dart.
That rends the flesh and spirit apart,
Is the thought of his heathen sin.
To the lonely spot where the chief reclines
While the herald of love draws nigh,
The Indian shrinks, as iie maiks the signs
Of a soul at peace, and the Ugfat that ahines
Alone from a christian's eye;
"Alas! ' he cries, in the strange, dq|p tone
Of one in the grasp of death,
'No Gon have I! I have lost my own!
I go to the presence of thine alone.
To scorch in his fiery breath!

< The Spirit, who x^akes the skieB so bright
With the prints of his shining feet,
Who rolls the waters, kindles the light.
Imprisons the winds, or gives them their flight —
I tremble his eye to meet!
' When, oh! if I openly had confessed,
And followed and loved him here,
I now might fly to his arms for rest.
As the weary bird to her downy nest,
When the evening shades draw near.
'But, grant me the one great boon I crave
In a great, and an awful hour!
When I shall have sunk in my forest grave,
O take my Boy to thy home, and save
That beautiful forest flower!
"The God of thy people, the Holt One —
And the path that shall reach the skies —
Say! say that to these thou wilt lead my son.
That he may not second the race I 've run.
Nor die, as his father dies! '
< As his flither dies! ' with the breath that bore
That sorromnl sound has fled
The soul of a king — for the strife is o'er
With spirit and flesh; and the Sagamore
Is numbered among the dead!

But has he nc»t, by his high bequest,
U3g9 the penitent on the tree,
The Saviour of dying man confessed;
Ami found the promise to him addressed-
< To-day ikou shaU be wUhme^S
