title: The Flowers in the Cemetery
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 85
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

Peace keeps the place where we spring up and bloom.
Kind, gentle angels hover round, to spread
Our tender leaves, and bow us by the lomb
To pour our freshest odors o'er the dead.
Soft, silent air supplies our vita! breath.
It wafls no sound of tumult, mirth, or strife,
Where, for the mourners, in the land of Death,
Beneath his throne we open into life.
Praise to our Maker is the holy part
Assigned to us; and, while his power we show,
With soothing skill to reach the stricken heart,
Awhile to lull the throbbing pulse of woe.
We to the eye, that on our native sod
Retires unsgen to shed the dew of grief,
Attest the presence of a perfect God,
Whose glory shines on every opening leaf.
Who then our beauty can behold, nor feel
Something, not sadness, but to joy allied,
Upon the wounded bosom sweetly steal,
Like balm by spirit-ministers applied?
Tell us, ye sad ones, if it be not thus;
Do ye not own this soothing art is ours.
When ye come out to breathe your sighs to vm,
And count your sorrows to your cherished flowers?

Here do ye* find us steady to our trust,
As sentinels, wbo stand to guard the dead.
Each has her charge to watch the sacred dust.
Of some one sleeping in the dreamless bed.
Well is our high and solemn office done.
Since we were planted, not a foot has crossed
A spot that we have pointed out as one
Where rests a friend, that ye have loved and lost
Night falls around us, like a mourner's veil;
But, though our beauties in the dimness fade,
Still does the pure, free essence we exhale
Ascend and penetrate the deepest shade.
If thus the better part of those you weep.
From death and darkness, rose to life and* light;
Then lift your hearts from all that earth could keep
To that blest world where you may re-unite.
Such is the part that we, the humble Flowers,
Perform; and such the solace we would give
To man, who, while we bloom our few short hours,
Has yet a whole eternity to live!

McLELLAN'S TOMB.
Sat, may a stranger's trembling hand presume
To twine its humble wreath upon the tomb
Where young McLellan's sleeping clay was borne,
And not be deemed profane by those who mourn?
May thus, the eye, that ne'er beheld his face,
Seek out and fall upon his resting place,
Where nature hangs her fragrant evergreen
To deck Mount Auburn's calm and holy scene?
Then by his tomb a stranger, yet a friend.
To read his name and age I pensive bend.
And o'er the part that is resigned to earth
Pay my soul's tribute to departed.worth!
Shall Science mourn the deed that death has done,
And here lament her lost, beloved son.
When he had gained the knowledge pure and high
To fit him long to live, or soon to die?
Shall truth bewail her champion, when the Lord
Gave his young soldier buokler, helm and sword;
But took him, ere he reached the field of strife,
To^Bar the palm, and wear the crown of life?
Will Earth lament that he, whose feet have prest
Her many lands, is here so soon at rest;
When through her distant windings called to roam,
He still looked up and sought the spirit's home?

Parental fondness and fraternal love,
Weep they, that he is gone to taste alone
The fiill fruition of his hopes of bliss,
Which from that world he drew to brighten this?
Yes! they may weep, and friendship drop her tears
For one so ripe in worth, so young in years!
For * Jesus wept!' and those, who would pursue
The path he trod on earth, must sorrow too.
But, though their eyes with nature's mists are dim,
They soon shall brighten; for they follow Him,
Who to a glorious life the dead shall raise,
And on the lips now silent, perfect praise!

Then fare thee well, thou quiet, sacred spot
Farther * the stranger intermeddleth not '
With peace like thine! Hence hope and faith shall rise
Where kindred spirits meet beyond the skies.
