title: The Summoned * (part 1 of 2)
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 132
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

A •cans IN ^Aiir.
Vai.encia's streets are thronged. With fearfol state
The crowd move oa, snd pass without the gate.
That ancient city ieaviog far behind,
Up the rude hei^t the rugged way they wind. *
Where yon bold rock its awful forehead rears,
Lashed by the tempests of six thousand years,
And to the yawning depth below looks down
Steadfast and stem, with one eternal frown. '
The space between the clifi^ and that^abyss
Is all, b^ween antther world and this.
To him who measures it. If human breath
Reach to its end, \ is but a gift to death.
And then the vultures, ravening wolves of air!
Hover around in quest of launder there.
Where the coy sun has left the cavern, laid
By the dark crag in everlasting shade.
tember, 1313. His death took place on the thirtieth day from that on
which he had caused two brothers to be put to the cruel death, and for
the reasons described in this poem; and lie was summoned by them a moment before they were hurled from the rock, to meet
them befMe the King of kings, in tAtrty days from that, to atone for
the deed. He has since borne inBjpanish history the name of tl
Emplaiado, the Summoned.

Now to that frowning height the people go
With groaniogs loud, and imprecations low.
As in that multitude, who took thejr way
Up the dread mount, where Oke was heard to say,
' Father forgive them! ' in this jarring crowds
Some wag their heads, while some with grief are bowed;
And mingled sounds of horror, woe, despair,
Triumph and pain oppress the movning air.
The king is there, the jealous Ferdinand,
Fourth of Castile; and there with ready hand
His executioner, for work so fell
T will wake a laugh where rebel angels dwell.
The hardened earth will blush to gi?e it place.
In blackest lines a hand on high will trace
A record of the deed, which Mercy's tear
May not efface, she cries so vainly here.
"But, who are they — the young, majestic twain
With forms so fair, and loaded with the chain?
All eyes are fastened on them, while their own
Seem, as they move unheeded and alone;
And time's short, narrow vista looking through
At things beyond it, kindled with the view
Till life immortal lent a steady ray
To their white, marble faces! — who are they? '
Two noble brothers, high in rank and power!
Of youth and chivalry the pride and flower.
The Carvajales, loved by all Castile
So much that Ferdinand begiqs to feel

Upon im haughty head a loos^ed crown.
And that his throne may shake and oast him down.
Of these two gallant knights he &in would rid
His kingdom, while his jealous fears are hid.
There has heen murder near the palace walls!
He, who at evening walked die stately halls
In manly beauty to the festal board,
Where sparkling draughts in golden cups were poured;
Young Benavides, favoiite friend and guest,
-Whom Ferdinand loved most and served the best,
Retiring from the banquet lone ^nd late,
Has met a fatal dagger at the gate.
There did the menials find him in his gore,
With only time to gasp, and be no more!
But whose bold hand had urged the fatal blade
That on his heart the' mortal touch had made,
He gave no «gn, no broken accent fell
From off his quiyering, ashy lips, to tell.
The name is wrapped in silence, liHe the clay
That was to death's dark mansion bonie away.
At this the stony bosom of die king
Of feeling showed no brightly welling spring.
Whence sorrow's gentle waters forth might pour,
Because his friend, his favorite was no more..
His heart had settled in a sea of pride.
Till every part was cold and petrified.
He felt the blow; but felt it in his brain,
Where fiame and frenzy testified the pain.

iia
In wraA he swore, whoe'er had done the deed,
SbMd take no trial — hay^ no time to plead!
And using this, the murder of his friend,
As means to serve his own ambitions end-
To sate his envy and allay his fears.
He stamped the names of these young chevaliers,
So high and spotless, with the blightiog crime
Of launching Benavides out of time.
He knew Alonzo, eldest of the two.
For Benavides's sister bore a true
And ardent love; — that, on the maiden's part,
Fair Violante gave him back her heart*
He knew her brother had opposed the tie.
And marked the lovers with a watchful eye;
That cutting words and slander's arrows came
From him, upon Alonzo's ear and fame.
He called the death, 'revenge for baffled love,
And just contempt; ' and using this to prove
The brothers guilty, brought them to his throne.
Where, by his single word and will alone.
He charged them with a blood-stained, murderous hand.
Convicted both; and sentenced them to stand
On that dread cKfif, and thence, together hurled,
To take their passage to another world!
The people murmur at their cruel fate;
But still the king is stem and obdurate.

He iean a rescue; end an armed band
Surrounds the prisoners; while with Ferdinand
There moYes of guards a long, imposing train
To show death certain, and resistance vain.
In this array the fearful point is gained,
And foremost there, the brothers stand unchained.
Behold them now, upon the dizzy height,
Looking their long adieu to this wor1d*s light —
Breathing their fiirewell breath of nature's air,.
With their last earthly footstep taken there!
From life's sad limit, with a solemn tone
And words commanding, while for scenes unknown,
Their guiltless spirits raise a ready wing,
They thus break silence and address the king.
"In thrice ten days from this, king Ferdinand,
A naked soul, we summon thee to stand _
Before the King of kings, the Judge Most High,
To answer for the death that thus we die
Without a trial; to the Eternal throne.
For twofold murder, come and take thine own,
Where guilt and innocence the balance weighs!
Remember! meet us there in thirtt days! '
A moment now in silent prayer they bend,
And to Ahnj^ty love and truth commend
Their injured souls, that stainless ip the sight
Of Heaven, are calmly poising for their flight.
