title: The Summoned * (part 2 of 2)
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 106
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

Then Don Alonzo, taking^rom his breast
The silken scar^ has on it closely pressed
His pallid lips, which, to a friend that's near,
Give his last charge designed for mortal ear.
"To Donna Violante carry this,
Tell her it brings Alonzo^'s dying kiss.
Tell her the heart that beat beneath its fold
Devoutly loved her, till 't was still and cold —
That this warm bosom never could retain
Love for an angel, with a fiend-like stain —
That, by our final prayer, our latest breath.
We both are guiltless of her brother's death! '
AH now is ready — now, the awfiil throw!
Locked in a close embrace the brothers go,
Whirling down! down!— »0 Nature! from the view
Turn off, for thou ail sick and bleeding, too!
Sun, from the earth let no^ thy glory fail;
In sable clouds thy mid-day splendor veil!
Untimely darkness, come, and like a paN,
O'er the last frightful picture kinidly &11!
The dreadful act is closed, the curtain dropped.
But, can the voice of conscience thus be stopped?
Ah, no! Her iron tongue without control
Sounds deep and ceaseless through the haunted soul
Of Ferdinand, the dismal, harrowing chime
Of • twofold murcler! ' * thirty days of time! '
The monarch has no p6wer that voice to still!
The foe within his breast, no arm to kill!

The hasty moon has nearly run her round;
And still he hears the M^mn, threatening sound!
He now lies stretched upon a bed of pain,
Wrung at the vitals, tortured in the brain,
By Death's fierce ministers, while struggling life
Forced to succumb, is sinking from the strife,
When, lo! a herald flying to the court,
Some mighty tidings hastens to report!
Now to the king and those around are read
The dying words of one already dead.
Far from Valencia, in a distant clime; —
A man whose soul allied to hidden crime,
Had deep and deadly stains; and when about
To quit her dwelling, could not wash them out.
And going to her place, would leave a sting
Behind her for the bosom of the king.
"This to Kino Fe^dinakd. Read thou, and know,
Of Benavides I, the secret foe.
Long envied his honor near the throne.
And, for the fiivor thou to him hast shown,
I hated thee; while vengeance on you both
I vowed, and with a desperado's oath!
His life-stream spouted on this hand that writes!
His death is on the spirit that indites!
< I chose an hour well suited to the deed,
Darkness to veil it — torments to succeed.
Could I but send thy minion's giddy soul
Bathed for my purpose, in the maddening bowl,

And reeling forth in that accursed disguise,
To find the worm that never, never dies!
My steady steel was faithful tp its trust;
And what was Benavides here, but dust?
' I fled the kingdom, while^tby wrath, I knew.
Would soon make thee a haunted murderer too;
That when thy short-lived earthly reign should end,
Hot chains might re-unite thee to thy fi*jend
Where a long train of monarehs writhe and groan
For power perverted and a bloody throne;
And I, the wretched Pedro, may appear
In royal company, who spumed me here!,
"I knew the brothers virtuous, holy, high i
Fit for bright angel& of the upper sky!
And all the demon in me could not bear,
To cut them ofif from certain entrance there.
By leaving them a longer space below.
To meet temptation — earth's dark ways to know.
Nor would that demon thus unfinished leave
The snare I had begun for thee to we&ve!
<Two guiltless victims thou hast slain, and now
I see fulfilled the purpose of my vow.
Hope is no more! Tp be thy fellow-heir
To all the mighty meaning of JDetfpatr,
I go before thee, only to await
And hail thine entrance through perdition's gate!
Truth stands— earth fails! and from her crumbling brink,
Thus Pedro greets thee — lo! I sink! I rink '

What day is this? ' < The thirtieth from '
"Away ! out of my sight, thou who would 'st name thai day!
Fly from my presence! palsied be the tongue
And lips whereon that evil sentence hung!
O, for one breath of air to fan my ovm!
He said, ^For petoer perverted — hhody throne! -" '
"The thirtieth,' still rings through his dying ear.
The forms of sight grow dim and disappear.
His hand in darkness wanders for a hold
It cannpt feel; and growing white and cold,
Falls numb and heavy on his hjpaving breast
The spring is snapped! the wheels are all at rest!
O power! the eye whose glance was late command
Can 't close itself! • Is this proud Ferdinand?
O'erhung with silken drapery, lies the thing
That yesterday was feared, and called a king.
A mightier one than governed wide Castile
Upon that humbled clay has set his seal!
In bitter memory keeping well the day.
The cited spirit took her lonely way!
Earth knows but this — the Summons was obeyed!
Eternal Wisdom veils the rest in shade.
