title: The Two Thieves
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: anapestic trimeter
lines: 113
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

A LADT, they called her Miss Mouse,
In a slate-colored dress, like a Quaker,
Once lived in a snug little house,
Of.which she herself was the maker.
There lived in another, close by,
A dame, whom they called Lady Kitty;
But that she was stationed so nigh,
^ Miss Mouse, often thought a great pity.
For she, though so soberly clad.
And never inclined to ill-speaking,
Had often a fancy to gad,
Or, more than her own might be secidng.
She did not then like to be scanned.
Or questioned respecting her duty.
When some little theft she had planned,
"Or seen.coming home with her booty.
So modest she was, and so shy,
Although an inveterate sinner.
She 'd nip out her part of the pie
Before it wai9 brought up to dinner.
She held that 't was folly to ask
For what her own wits would allow her;
^And making her.way through the cask,
She helped herself Well to the flour.

The candles she scraped t(> their wicks,
And full of mischievous inveDtion, * •
Would do many more naughty tricks
Which I, as her friend, cannot mention.
Kit too hml her living to make,
And yet, she was so above toiling, *
She 'd sooner attack the beef-steak,
When the cook bad prepared it for broiling.
The puss, near a dish of warm toast, *
Has oflen most patiently lingered,
To seize her first chance; yet, could boast.
That none ever called her light-Jmgertd,
But meiiiiing, or minding herself,
She thought would be quite too much labor,
And so peeped about on the shelf.
To spy out the faults of her neighbor.
For Mouse loved to peditate tbece!. <
While Kit would watclr close to waylay her;
And once, in the midst of her fare.
Up. bounded Miss Kitty to slay her!
But this was as luckless a jump.
As ever Kit made, with the clatter
Of knife, skimmer, spoon, aed a thump
Which she got as she threw down the platter.

While Mouse glided under a dish,
Escaping the mortal disaster,
Miss Kitty turned off to a fish,
The breakfiist elect for her master.
Said she to herself 'Ms clear gain, —
This rarity firesh from the water
Will save my white mittens the stain,
And me from the trouble of slaughter! '
But Rer racket, she found to her cost,
The plot had most fatally thickened;
And all hope of mercy was lost,
As Jack's coming footstep was quickened.
He seized her, and binding her fast,
Declared he could never forgive her;
So Kitty was sentenced, and cast.
With a stone at her neck, in the riVer!
Btit Mouse still continued to thieve;
And oflen, alone in her dwelling,
Would silently laugh in her sjeeve.
At the scene in the tale I Ve been telling.
Till once, by a fatal mishap,
The little' unfortunate rover
Perceived heiself tlose in a trapi
And felt that her jrace was now over.
She knew^e niustlofive all behind;
And thus, in the midst of her terrors.

As every thing nufaed to her mind
Began her confesffloa of erroni.
' You '11 find, on the word of a Mouse,
Whom hope has for ever forsaken.
The following things in my bouse,
Which I have unlawfully taken..
' A cork, that was soaked in the beer
Which I nibbled until I was merry;
Some kernels of com frem the ear,
The skin and the stone of & cherry;
< Some heroprseed I took from the bird,.
And found most de^ciously tasted,
While Sife in my covert, I heard
Its owner complain that.'t was wasted;
'You ^1 find a few cucumber seeds,
Which I thought, if they could but be hollowed,
Would answer to string out for beads;
Soi;fae inside of all I have swallowed i
'A few crumbs of biscuit and cheese.
Which I thought might a long time supply me
With luncheon — some rice apd. split peas,
Which seemed well prepared to keep by me;
• < A cluster of curls, which I stole
At night fi^m a youifg ladj^s toilet,
And made me a bed of it vubote,
As teariiig it open would spoil it;

' And as, in a long, summer day
I 'd time both for reading and spelling,
I gnawed up the whole of a play,
And carried it home to my dwelling.
' I wish you M set fire to my place,
And pray you at once to dispatch me;
That none of my enemy's race,
In the form of Miss Kitty, may catch me! '
Disgrace thus will follow on vice,
Although for a while it be hidden;
When children, or kittens, or mice,
Will do what they know is forbidden.

ISl
