title: The Spanish Girl
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 54
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

A FAIR, young Andalusian maid
Was out on the bank of a winding river,
As down through a flowVy vale it strayed
To lose itself in the Guadalquiver. *
And the girl was chasing a butterfly
Alone, when the son of her king came by.
She ran, while the pure, fresh morning air
With her light Mantilla's head was playing;
It flushed her cheek; and her raven hair
In its loosened locks to the wind was straying.
But it never entered the maiden's mind.
That the son of her king was close behind.

But he, while he gazed on her beaming face
And sylph-like form,fe]t his heart growtend^.
So he thought, svb rosa, he 'd watch the chase.
To see where the hope of her prize would send her.
A clump of flower-shrubs wove a screen.
And he stepped behind it to view the scen
Though bright were the colors the insect wore, -
The soft black eyes of the maid were brighter;
And light little feet the pursuer bore.
But the wing of the fugitive still was lighten
For, every time that it tired and lit.
She crept near enough just to startle it

"At> length it .tacked with a lazy whirl,
like a sportive child with its fellow playing;
' While after it ran the ddighted girl.
The whim of a butterfly still obeying.
Inten( on the jewel, that charmed her eye,
She still saw not- that the prince was nigh.
But sDon it lit on an osier bough.
And seemed, for a moment, calmly sleeping.
Said the joyous girl, * I will have thee now I '
But she heeded not that the waves were sweeping
Along the bank, where the osier threw '
Its frail arms out, and the tall grass grew#
She gave one bound, and the pleasing snare,
That the wily insect laid, had caught her;
A quick, faint cry to the passing air,
And her light young form met the cold, dark water!
But the noble heir of the Spanish throne,
To save her life, quite forgot his own.
For, swift as a dart from the tight'dravm string.
He flew to the stream for the sinking maiden;
And the youthful arms of the future king
Came up with their precious trophy laden;
While the wildered girl thought a minister
Of heaven had come down to rescue her.
But soon he proved he belonged to earth,
And to link her fiite to his own besought her.

He gave her the rank of a royal birth,
Aft A prince's bride and a monarch's daughter.
The 'first fair maid ever raised so high
By the phiyful wings of a butterfly! *
