title: The Lock of Hair,*
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1836
source: https://archive.org/details/poems09goulgoog (Poems, vol. II, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1836; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 68
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse

• Not the white cov'ring that bespoke
The shroud that wraps her youthful fosm;
Not the black seal, as slow it broke;
Nor the round tear-drop, quick and warm;
Ifot these, could that bright lock disguiBe;
For well I knew it, through them uU:
While her glad spirit, from the skies.
Seemed asking, why that tear should falL
For she, upon whose placid brow
The precious gift so lately shone,
Is crowned with life, an angel now.
In glory near her Maker's throne.
Rejoined to friends, who went before
To lure her to a world of bliss.
She fondly bends, and watches o'er
The loved ones she has left in this.
She points them to the blessed beam
Of that great Sun, whose cheering light
Shone o'er the tide of death's cold stream,
And then dissolved her faitli in sight!
a lock of baksboni from a beloved friend recently deported.

The well-known lock of auburn hair,
Tfai(t once was her's — that now is mine.
Will oft to p«»ive memory bear
The lovely, sainted Caroliitk. '

THE OLa YEAR'S PRAYER.
With a hoary bead.
And with piniona spread
For ever to take its flight,
In pensive mood,
• As the Old Year stood
. Beside your beds one night —
^ He said, * They sleep;
So4 will keep
Watch till my hour is o'er {
For, whea the hand
Of the clock shall stand
At twelve, I roust be no more!
• tr « But I will not break
Their repose, to take
My leave of the race of man;
I will breathe a prayer
On the midnight air;'
And 't was thus his prayer began:
' Author of time and eternity.
Reader of every secret thought —.
Thou, who meetest the bound to me,
Giver of all, which the year has brought, •

'May the children that slumber here,
Sweetly wrapped in their midnight dreams.
Waken to ha§ a blest New Year,
With hearts as pm!>e as the morning beams!
"Should they remember an hour, or day
Of llie, which th^ 've vainly spent, may all
Be forgiven by thee, I pray,
For the loss of time, which is past recall!
i And by Wist loss may they learn to prize
The pfecious time, that may hance be given;
Regarding every hour that flies •
As a winged minister sent from heaven;
ISome useful lesson, or guiltless joy,
Or work' of virtue, while each may bring,
For the smiling girl and the happy boy
To snatch for their own from his fleeting viring.
"N^fFT do I hear thy commanding word
Summon me henee — for my work is done!'
The clock struck twelve! and no more was heard
Till the voice of the New Year sounded ^me! '
