title: A Voice from Mount Auburn
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1833
source: https://archive.org/details/hammahflagg00goulrich (Poems, 2nd ed. with additions, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1833; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 42
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse; Scottish imitations excluded

A voice from Mount Auburn! a voice! — and it said,
" Ye have chosen me out as a home for your dead;
From the bustle of life ye have rendered me free;
My earth ye have hallowed — henceforth I shall be
A garden of graves, where your loved ones shall rest!
O, who will be first to repose on my breast?
" I now must be peopled from life's busy sphere;
Ye may roam, but the end of your journey is here.
I shall call! I shall call! and the many will come
From the heart of your crowds to so peaceful a home;
The great and the good, and the young and the old,
In death's dreamless slumbers, my mansions will hold.
" To me shall the child his loved parent resign;
And, mother, the babe at thy breast must be mine!
The brother and sister for me are to part,
And the lover to break from each tie of the heart.
I shall rival the bridegroom and take from his side,
To sleep in my bosom, his beautiful bride.
" And sweetly secure from all pain they shall lie
Where the dews gently fall and the streams ripple by;
While the birds sing their hymns, amid air-harps, that sound
Through the boughs of the forest-trees whispering around.
And flowers, bright as Eden's, at morning shall spread
And at eve drop their leaves o'er the slumberer's bed!

" But this is all earthly! while thus ye enclose
A spot where your ashes in peace may repose —
Where the living may come and commune with the dead,
With God and his soul, and with reverence tread
On the sod, which he soon may be sleeping below, —
Have ye chosen the home where the spirit shall go?
" Shall it dwell where the gardens of Paradise bloom,
And flowers are not opening to die on the tomb?
With the song of an angel, a vesture of light,
Shall it live in a world free from shadow and blight;
Where the waters are pure, from a fount never-sealed,
And the secrets of heaven are in glory revealed?
" A day hastens on, — and an arm shall then break
The bars of the tomb — the dread trump shall awake
The dead from their sleep in the earth and the sea,
And,; Render up thine!' shall be sounded to me!
Prepare for that hour, that my people may stand
Unawed by the scene at the Judge's right hand!"
