title: The Fly's Revenge
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1833
source: https://archive.org/details/hammahflagg00goulrich (Poems, 2nd ed. with additions, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1833; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 52
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse; Scottish imitations excluded

" So," said a fly, as he paused and thought
How he had just been brushed about,
" They think, no doubt, I am next to nought —
Put into life but to be put out!
" Just as if, when our Maker planned
His mighty scheme, He had quite forgot
To grant the work of his skilful hand,
The peaceful fly, an abiding spot!
" They grudge me even a breath of air,
A speck of earth and a ray of sun!
This is more than a fly can bear;
Now I '11 pay them for what they 've done!"
First he lit on the idle thumb
Of a poet; and " now for your thoughts!" said he,
" Wherever they soar, I '11 make them come
Down from their towering flight, to me!"
He went and tickled the nasal tip
Of a scholar, and over his eye-brow stung,
Till he raised his hand, and his brain let slip
A chain of gems, that had just been strung.
Off to a crowded church he flew,
And over the faces boldly stepped;
Pointing out to the pastor's view,
How many sheep in the pasture slept.

He buzzed about at a lady's ear,
Just as a youth, with piteous sigh,
Popped the question she would not hear,
But only answered, "a saucy fly! "
He washed his feet in the worthless tear
A belle at the theatre chanced to weep;
t Rouge in the bath!" he cried, " my dear,
Your cheek has a blush that is not skin deep!"
On the astronomer's pointed glass
He leisurely stood and stretched his wing;
For here, he knew, he was sure to pass
For quite a great and important thing.
" Now is the time," said he, " my man,
To measure the fly from head to heel!
Number the miles, and, if you can,
Name the planets that I conceal.
" What do you call the twinkling star
Over the spot where you see me tread;
And the beautiful cluster of lights afar,
Ranged in the heavens above my head?
" Ah! it is station that swells us all,
At once, to a size that were else unknown!
And now, if ever I hear you call
My race an order beneath your own,
I '11 tell the world of this comic scene;
And how will they laugh to hear that I,
Small as you think me, can stand between
You and your views of the spacious sky! "
