title: The Thrice Closed Eye
author: Hannah Flagg Gould
date: ed. 1833
source: https://archive.org/details/hammahflagg00goulrich (Poems, 2nd ed. with additions, Boston: Hilliard, Gray, 1833; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 62
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; light verse; Scottish imitations excluded

The eye was closed, and calm the breast;
' T was Sleep — the weary was at rest!
While fancy on her rainbow wings
Ranged through a world of new-made things,
Mid regions pure, and visions bright,
Formed but to mock the waking sight.
For, ah! how light does slumber sit,
On sorrow's brow — how quickly flit
From her pale throne, when envious care
Comes wrapped in clouds and frowning there!
Again I saw the falling lid,
And from his sight the world was hid.
The lip was moved; the knee was bent;
The heavy laden spirit went,
Bearing her burden from the dust
Up to her only Rock of trust;
And, childlike, on her Father's breast
Cast off the load, and found her rest.
For, this was Prayer — 't was faith and love
Communing with a God above.
At length that eye was locked! the key
Had opened heaven — 't was Death! yes, he
Had sweetly quelled the mortal strife,
And to the saint the gates of life
Unbolted. On the sleeper's brow
Lay the smooth seal of quiet now,

Which none could break. The soul, that here
Dwelt with eternal things so near,
Had burst her bonds to soar on high,
And left to earth the thrice-closed eye!

Thy parents, boy, are on the deep,
The wide and pathless sea;
But He, who wafts their sail, will keep
A father's eye on thee.
For He hath seen what they have done;
And He hath heard their prayer, —
He knows they 've left their darling son
Beneath his guardian care.
The tenderness thy mother felt,
When to her breast she drew
Her child, and at his altar knelt,
His love will still outdo.
And He will guard thy parents too,
Upon a foreign shore;
For his the eye, at single view,
To look creation o'er.
He '11 let thy little image cling
To all their thoughts by day;
And nightly, like a cherub thing,
About their slumbers play.

In many a bright and blissful dream
They '11 kiss thy rosy cheek;
Thy laughing, sparkling eye will beam -
Thy prattling tongue will speak.
Thy tender arms, so warm and fair,
Around their necks will twine;
They '11 feel thy silken, sunny hair,
That ruby lip of thine.
While oft they dwell on scenes behind
Of dear domestic joy,
The loveliest object brought to mind
Will be their smiling boy.
