4
J. I!. GROVE & 4. B. ODER,
An Independent Paper—Devoted to Literature, Mining. Commercial, Agricultural, General and Local News.
Editors and Proprietors.
VOLUME I.
FROS'l'BIRG, ALLEGANY COUNTY. MARYLAND, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 30,1871.
NUMBER 14.
Tim e hi-scs of Farewell.
l'lircc, only three, my darling,
Separate, volenti), slow ;
Not 'ike tin -wifi and joyous ones 
We u'ed to know
When we ki -eel l,< muse we loved eaelt other 
Sirtiplv to taste love's sweet.
And lavished our kisses as the summer 
Lavishes heat,—
lint as they kiss whose hearts are wrung, 
When hope and fear are spent,
And nothing i- lift to give, except 
A sacra inert!
First of the three, my darling,
Is sacred unto pain :
We have hurt each other often ;
We shall again.
Win n we pine because we mis?each other, 
And do not understand
How the written words are so much colder 
Than eye and hand.
T ki.-s thee, dear, for all such pain 
Which we may give or take;
Buried, forgiven before it comes 
For our love's sake !
The second kiss, my thirling,
Is full of joy's eel thrill;
We have blessed each other always;
We always will.
We shall reach until we feel each other,
Fast all of time .mil space;
We shall listen till we hear each other 
In every place;
The earth is full of messengers,
Vt hich love sends to ami fro :
I kiss thee, darling, for all joy 
Which we shall know.
The last kiss, oh, my darling,
My love--1 cannot see
Through my tears, as I remember 
What it nitty be.
We may die and never see each other,
Die, witli no time to give
Any signs that our hearts are faithful 
To die, as live.
Token of what they will not sco 
Wire see our parting breath.
This ei-,e last kiss, my dnrling, seals 
The. seal of death!
THE ROSEBUD AM) GOSSAMER.
A FAIRY TALE.
As tin honest woodman was sitting one 
evening, alter li is work was done, talk­
ing with his wife, he said, “ I hope the 
children will not run into that grove by 
the side of the river; it looks more 
gloomy than ever ; the old oak tree is 
sadly blasted anti torn : anil Fome odd 
folks, I am sure, are lurking about there, 
hut who they are, nobody knows.” The 
woodman, however, could not say that 
I hey brought ill-luck, whatever they 
were ; for every one said that the village 
Had thriven more than ever of late; 
that the fields looked gayer and greener; 
that even the sky was of a deeper blue, 
and that the moon and stars shed a 
brighter light. So, not knowing what 
to think, the good people very wisely 
• el the new comers alone, ami, in truth, 
seldom said or thought anything at all 
about them.
That very evening, the woodman’s 
daughter Rosebud, and her playfellow 
Martin, ran out to have a game of hide- 
and-seek in the valley. “AVhere can he 
he hidden ?’’ said she ; “ he must have 
gone toward the grove; perhaps he is 
behind the old oak tree;” and down 
she ran to look, dust then she spied a 
little dog that jumped and frisked 
round her, and wagged his tail, and led 
her on toward the grove. Then he ran 
into it, ami she soon jumped up the 
hank by the side of the old oak tree to 
look for-him : but was overjoyed to see 
a beautiful meadow, where flowers and 
shrubs of every kind grew upon turf of 
I he softest green; gay butterflies flew 
oout; the birds sang sweetly; ami, 
what was strangest, the prettiest little 
children sported about like fairies on all 
•ides; some twining the flowers, and 
ethers dancirtgin ringsupon the smooth 
urf beneath the trees; Inthemidstof 
i lie grove, instead of the hovels of which 
Rosebud had heard, she could see a pal- 
zce. that dazzled her eyes with its bright­
ness.
For a while she gazed on the fairy 
scene, till at last one of the little 
dancers ran up toiler, and said, “And 
so pretty Rosebud, you are come at last 
to see us? We have often seen you 
play about, and wished to have you with 
us.” Then she plucked some of the 
Iruit that grew near, and Rosebud at the 
first taste forgot her home, and wished 
only to see and know more of her fairy 
friends. So she jumped down the bank 
and joined the merry dance.
Tlnoi they led her about with them, 
and showed her till their sports. One 
while they danced by moonlight on the 
primrose banks, at another time they 
skipped from bough to bough, among 
the trees that hung over the cooling 
sfreams, for they moved as lightly and 
easily through the air as on the ground ; 
ami Rosebud went with them every­
where, tor they bore her in their arms 
wherever they wished to go. Some­
times they would throw seeds on the 
turf, and little trees would spring up; 
ami then they would settheir feet upon 
the branches, and rise as the trees grew 
under them, till they danced upon the 
houghs in the air, wherever the breezes 
carried them, singing merry songs.
At other times they would go and visit 
the palace of their queen; and there 
the richest food was spread before them, 
and the softest music was heard; and 
all around gr *w flowers, which were al­
ways cluing their hues, from scarlet to 
purple, and yellow, and emerald. Some- 
: imes they went to look at the heaps of 
t rettsure which were piled up in the royal
ires ; for little dwarfs were always era 
P oyed in searching the earth for gold. 
•• tall tis this fairy land looked from 
without, it seemed within to have no 
end; a mist hung around it to shield it 
I tom the eyes of men ; and some of the 
it tie elves sat perched upon the outer­
most trees, to keep watch lest the Rtep
t man should break in and spoil the 
charm.
known before. “ How frightened my 
father and mother will he!” thought 
she, as she looked at the sun, which had 
risen some time. “They will wonder 
where I have been all night, and yet I 
must not tell them what 1 have seen.'
Then she hastened homeward, won­
dering, however, as she went, to see 
that the leaves, which were yesterday 
so fresh anti green, were now falling dry 
and yellow around her. The cottage, 
too, seemed changed: and when she 
went in, there sat her father, looking 
some years older than when she saw 
him last, anil her mother, whom she 
hardly knew, was by his side. Close by 
was a young man. " Father,” said 
Rosebud, “ who is this?” “ Who are 
you that calls me father?" sail) he; 
"are you—no, you cannot, be—our long- 
lost Rosebud?” But they soon saw that 
it was their Rosebud: and the young man, 
who was het old friend ami playfellow 
Martin, said, “No wonder you had for­
gotten me in seven years ; do you not 
remember how we parted, seven years 
ago, while playing in the field? Wr 
thought you were quite lost; hut 1 am 
glad to see that some one has taken 
care of you and brought you home at 
last." Rosebud said nothing, for she 
could not tell all; hut she wondered at 
the strange tale, and felt gloomy nt the 
change from fairy land to her father's 
cottage.
Little by little she came to herself, 
thought of her story as a mere dream, 
ami soon became Martin's bride. Ev­
erything seemed to thrive around them, 
and Rosebud thought of her friends, and 
so called lie • first little girl Eliie. The 
little thing was loved by every one. It 
was pretty and very good-tempered. 
Rosebud thought that it was very like 
a little elf: and, all without knowing 
why, called it the fairy-child.
One day. while Rosebud was dressing 
her little Elfie, she found apiece of gold 
hanging around her neck by a silken 
thread ; and knew it to be of the same 
sort as she had seen in the hands of the 
fairy dwarfs. Elsie seemed sorry at its 
being seen, and said that she had found 
it in the garden. But Rosebud watched 
her, and soon found thatshe went every 
afternoon to sit by herself in a shady 
place behind the house. So one day 
she hid herself to see what the child did 
there, and to her great wonder Gossa­
mer was sitting by her side. “ Dear 
Elfie,” she was saying, “ your mother 
and I used to sit thus when she was 
young and lived among us. Oh, if you 
could hut come and do so too. But 
since our queen came to us it cannot 
he: yet 1 will come and see you and 
talk to you whilst you are a child; 
when you grow up we must part for­
ever." Then she plucked one of the 
roses that grew’ around them, and 
breathed gently upon it, and said, 
“ Take this for my Rake; it will now 
keep fresh for a whole year.”
Then Rosebud loved her little Elfie 
more than ever ; and when she found 
that she spent some hours of almost 
every day with the elf, she used to hide 
herself ami watch them without being 
seen: till one day, when Gossamer was 
bearing her little friend through the air 
from tree to tree, her mother was so 
frightened lest her child should fall, 
that she could not help screaming out; 
and Gossamer set her gently on the 
ground, and seemed angry, and flew 
away. But still she used sometimes to 
come and play with her little friend ; 
and would soon, perhaps, have done so 
the same as before, had not Rosebud 
one day told her husband tho whole 
story ; for she could not hear to hear 
him always wondering and laughing at 
their little child’s odd ways, and saying 
he was sure there was something in the 
grove that brought them no good. So, 
to show him that all she said was true, 
she took him to see Elfie and the fairy ; 
hut no sooner did Gossamer know that 
he was there (which she did in an in­
stant), than she changed herself into a 
raven and flew oil' into the grove.
Rosebud burst into tears, and so did 
Elfie, for she knew that she should see 
her dear friend no more; hut Martin 
was restless and bent upon following 
up his search after the fairies, so when 
stole away toward the
Standing Com mi (tees of the Senate.
The following is a list of the Standing 
Committees of the Senate for the pres­
ent session of Con Tess :
Privileges and 77/ech'on.?—Sittnner, Chair­
man: Morton, Iticc, Carpenter, Logan, Hill 
amt Thurman.
Foreign Relations—Cameron, Chairman; 
Itartan, Morton, Patterson, Schurz, Hamlin 
atnl Casserly.
/Yaance—Sherman, Chairman; Morrill of 
Vermont, Fenton, t-cott, Ames, Wright ami 
Bayard.
Appropriations—Cole,Chairman; Sprague, 
Sawyer, Edmunds, Windom, West and Ste­
venson.
Commerce—Chandler, Chairman; Corbett, 
Kellogg, Spencer, Buckingham, Conkling 
and Vickers.
Manufactures— Hamlin, Chairman; Rob­
ertson, Sprague, Gilbert and Johnson.
Agriculture.—Moi ton, Chairman; Ereling- 
liuysen, Robertson, Lewis, and Davis of West 
Virginia.
Military Affairs—Wilson, Chairman ; 
Cameron, Morton, Ames, Logan, West and 
Blair.
Naval Affairs—Cragin, Chairman; An­
thony, Xye,Osborne, Ferry of Michigan,and 
Alcorn of Mississippi.
Judiciarg—Trumbull, Chairman; Ed­
munds,Conkling,Carpenter, F 'elinghuysen, 
Pool and Thurman.
Post Offices and Post Roads—Ramsey, 
Chairman: Pomeroy, Gilbert, Cole, Hamlin, 
Ferry of Michigan, Kelley.
Public Lands—Pomeroy, Chairman; Tip- 
ton, Osborne, Sprague, Windom, Logan and 
Casserly.
Private Land Claims—Davis of Kentucky, 
Chairman; Perry of Connecticut, Caldwell, 
Bayard, Blair.
Indian Affairs—Harlan, Chairman; Cor- 
bott, Buckingham, Frelinghuyseu, Wilson, 
Caldwell, Davis of Kentucky.
Pension.?—Edmunds, Chairman; Tipton, 
Pratt, Brownlow, Hamilton of Texas, Logan, 
Saulsbury.
Revolutionary Claims—Poole, Chairman; 
Brownlow, Corbett, Hill, Davis of West 
Virginia.
Claims—Howe, Chairman; Scott, Pratt, 
Stewart, Borcman, Davis of West Virginia.
District of Columbia—Patterson, Chair­
man ; Sumner, Lewis, Spencer, Sawyer, 
Hitchcock, Vickers.
Patents—Ferry, of Conn., Chairman ; Car­
penter, Morrill, of Maine; Windom, Hamil­
ton, of Maryland.
Public Ruildings and Grounds—Morrill, of 
Vermont, Chairman ; Trumbull, Cole, Sum- 
tier. Stockton.
Territories—Hyo, Chairman ; Cragin, 
Schurz, Borenian, Hitchcock, Clayton, and 
Cooper.
Pacific Railroads—Stewart, Chairman; 
RaiuBey, Harlan, Rice, Fenton, Soott, Kel­
logg, Hitchcock, Cooper, Ferry, of Michi­
gan ; and Kelly.
Mines and Mining—Rico, Chairman; 
Chandler, Flanagan, Tipton, Caldwell, Al­
corn, Saulsbury.
Revision of the Laws of the United States— 
Conkling, Chairman; Carpenter, Stewart, 
Wright, and Hamilton, of Maryland.
Education and Labor—Sawyer, Chairman ; 
Morrill, of Vermont; Flanagan, Patterson, 
and Johnson.
7'o Audit and Control Contingent Expenses 
of the Senate— Fenton, Chairman ; Windom 
and Saulsbury.
Printing—Anthony, Chairman ; Ilowoand 
Casserly.
Library-~Morrill, of Maine, Chairman ; 
Howe and Sherman.
Engrossed Rills—Buckingham, Chairman ; 
Clayton and Davis, of West Virginia.
Enrolled Pi'/is—Carpenter, Chairman; 
Lewis and Kelly.
Select Committee on Revision of Rules— 
Pomeroy, Chairman; Edmumds and Bay­
ard.
Removal of Political Disabilities—Robert­
son, Chairman ; Borenian, Ames, Hamilton, 
of Texas; Vickers, Clayton, and Stevenson.
On Levees of the Mississippi—Kellogg, 
Chairman; Trumbull, Schurz, Alcorn, and 
Blair.
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States— 
Scott, Chairman; Chandler, Rice, Pool, 
Pratt, Bayard, and Blair.
RELICS OF THE CHICAGO I IRE.
Their Jlumifiieliire—A Museum fur their
Preserviiliuii—Some Articles which mi«lit 
he Ciiiilriliiileil us ('hnriieicrisiie Tokens.
From Hit' Chicago Times of Dec. lit.
The Chicago fire relies are just now 
the most numerous iti the world, infi­
nitely more so than pieces of the cruci­
fix on which our Savior died, which are 
encountered in Italy. In point of num­
ber, they surpass the Roman coins in 
the British Museum, or the tablets, 
statues, ami mosaics that Pompeii and 
Herculaneum have resurrected. They 
are more interesting in this numerous 
feature than they are in any intrinsic 
merit of their own. This fact has been 
duly appreciated in Milwaukee, where 
they have already established a manu­
factory of Chicago relics that is doing a 
larger business than Milwaukee ever 
hoped to obtain.
Milwaukee may do a smashing trade 
in a certain line of Chicago relies. They 
can probably manufacture paper weights 
by fusing papers of tacks together, or 
can melt beads into a heterogeneous 
mass; they can spoil old crockery by a 
blow pipe combination,
imitate the articles of “ 
tue” which are supposed 
is left of Chicago as it was. There are 
other relics of Chicago, however, which 
Milwaukee can never hope to achieve. 
There are relics of Chicago trade and 
Chicago energy that Milwaukee will 
never he able to imitate. Among the 
rarest relics are greenbacks. For a few 
days subsequent to the lire, and before 
the hanks opened, a $10 government 
hill looked as big as a bed blanket. 
After the hanks opened there were 
greenbacks enough, but their p\ as
and otherwise 
bigotry and vir- 
to he all that
A
tiied
relics was taken by checks, 
ind certified check was so rarely seen 
that it promised to become as much of 
curiosity as Mahlon Ogden’s house or 
Mr. McCagg’s conservatory, on the 
North Side. Charred currency was one 
the most deceptive of all the relies 
: fire turned out. The more you had
th
And who are you ?” said Rosebud 
one day. “ We are what are called elves 
in your world,” said one whose name 
was Gossamer, and who had become her 
deal est friend ; “ we are told you talk 
a great deal about us. Some of our 
tribes like to work you mischief, hut we 
who live here seek only to he happy ; 
we meddle little with mankind, and 
when we do come among them it is only 
to do them good.” “ And where is your 
queen?” said-Rosebud. “Hush! hush! 
you cannot see or know her ; you must 
leave us before she comes back, which 
will he now very soon, for mortal step 
cannot come where she is. But you will 
know that she is here when you see the 
meadows gayer, the rivers more spark- 
l.’ig, and the sun brighter.”
Soon atterward Gossamer told Rose­
bud the time was come to hid her fare 
well; and she gave her a ring in token 
of her friendship, anti led her to the 
c Igo of the grove. “ Think of me,” 
■.aid she; “hut beware how you tell 
what you have seen, or try to visit us 
again: for if you do, we shall quit this 
grove and come back no more.” Turn 
ing hack, Rosebud saw nothing hut the 
old oak and the gloomy grove 6he had
night came he 
grove. When he came to it nothing 
was to he seen hut the old oak, and the 
gloomy grove, and the hovels; and the 
thunder rolled, and the wind whistled.
It seemed that all about him waR angry. 
So ho turned homeward, frightened at 
what he had done.
In the morning all the neighbors 
Hocked around, asking one another 
what the noise and hustle of the last 
night could mean; and when they 
looked about them their trees seemed 
blighted and the meadows parched; the 
streams were dried up, and everything 
seemed troubled and sorrowful.
But yet they all thought that, some­
how or other, the grove bail not near so 
forbidding a look as it used to have. 
Strange stories were told : how one had 
heard Hutterings in the air,another had 
seen the grove alive, as it were, with 
little beings, that flew away from it. 
Each neighbor told his tale, and all 
wondered what could have happened. 
But Rosebud and her husband knew 
what was the matter, and bewailed 
their folly ; for they foresaw that their 
kind neighbors, to whom they owed all 
their luck, were gone forever.
Among the bystanders none told a 
wilder story than the old ferryman,who 
plied across the river at tho foot of the 
grove. He told how at midnight his 
boat was carried away, and how hun­
dreds of little beings seemed to load it 
with treasures ; how a strange piece of 
gold was left for him in the boat as his 
tare ; how the air seemed full of fairy 
form fluttering around ; how at last a 
great train passed over, that seemed to 
he guarding their leader to the meadows 
ou the other side; and how he heard 
soft music floating overhead; and sweet 
voices that sang mournfully a sad song 
of farewell.
Poor Elfie mourned their loss the 
most, and would spend whole hours 
in looking upon the rose that her play­
fellow had given her, and singing over 
it the pretty air that she had taught 
her; till at length, when the year’s 
charm had passed away, and it began 
to fade, she planted tho stalk in her 
garden, and there it grew, till she could 
sit under the shade of it, and think of 
her friend Gossamer.—Lady's Journal.
Hr. Sumner Prescribes.
Senator Sumner has introduced a 
new bill to facilitate a return to specie 
payments. His plan is to issue every 
month ten millions of interest-bearing 
legal tender notes, similar to those that 
were issued in 1863 and 1864, and to 
cancel a like amount of greenbacks, the 
process to go on till all the greenbacks 
have been thus replaced. The new 
notes, he proposes, shall hear a 5 per 
cent, interest, and shall be paid in coin 
at the end of three years, or converted 
into 5 per cent, bonds at the option of 
the Government. By this means, Mr. 
Sumner thinks, resumption could be 
reached without shock to business, or 
serious disturbance of prices. The new 
notes would follow the course of the 
similar notes issued during the war. 
They would first pass for currency for 
two or three months, until a sufficient 
amount of interest had accumulated on 
them to make it an object for people to 
hoard them. They would then disap­
pear from circulation. The constant 
retirement of the interest notes would 
steadily lessen the volume of currency 
remaining in circulation, and bring it 
nearer to gold value, until it would 
finally reach par. Resumption would 
then take place, and all the hoards of 
gold and silver in the country would 
become a part of the circulating me 
dium, preventing any injurious contrac­
tion resulting from the completion of 
tho process of withdrawing the green 
hacks, which, in about three years, 
would all he converted into interest 
notes and bonds. Mr. Sumner’s plan 
hits the approval
financiers, hankers, 
in New England.
The wife is the sun of the social sys­
tem. Unless she attracts there is noth­
ing to keep heavy bodies like husbands 
from flying ott'into space.
scum of “ Chicago as it Was” could be 
made up that would he more of a 
curiosity than any monument of old 
safes.
Current Items.
Mrs. Sarah .1. Hale, editress of 
Godey's Lady's Book, is 84—and still 
she’s Hale.
Mrs, O'Leary's cow, that either did, 
or didn’t, set Chicago on fire, has been 
bought on speculation by two Louisville 
(Ivy.) hoys.
A Boston firm shipped a hook-and- 
ladder carriage last week to Honolulu, 
Sandwich Islands, by way of the Pacific 
railroad to San Francisco.
Mrs. Stanton, widow of the late 
Edwin M. Stanton, resides in a fine 
mansion at Germantown, Philadelphia. 
She has a yearly income from the 
“Stanton fund” of $7,000.
The United States survey steamer 
Hassler, with its distinguished party of 
scientific explorers, sailed from Boston 
on the 4th upon its voyage along the 
Atlantic and Pacific coast of North and 
South America.
-1 ahes McCcxn, while walking on the 
Long Island railroad track near Dutch 
Kills, was struck by a locomotive and 
lalally injured Tuesday evening. His 
wife was killed a year ago by a train on 
the Flushing road.
Washington Territory has more than 
doubled its population during the last 
ten years, has $11,500,000 worth of tax­
able property, and the annual exports 
tire valued at $4(10,000. Its saw-mills 
get out 130,000,000 feet of lumber an­
nually.
.‘The Peabody (Mass.) Tress says: 
“ Many persons who have had occasion 
to visit the Essex depot in this town, 
have for some time past noticed a large 
dun-colored dog, who anxiously watches 
the passengers as they alight, as though 
seeking for some particular person. 
This dog belonged to Mr. Ernest S. 
Merrill, one of the victims of the Revere 
disaster. When young Merrill left
Prosotly.
Household Recipes.
Molasses Drop Cake—Ono. cup of mo­
lasses, half a cup of butter or lard, half 
a cup of water, three cups of Hour, two 
teaspoonstuls of ginger, one teaspoonful 
of soda. Beat well together, and drop 
with a spoon on a buttered pan, or in 
muffin rings. Bake quickly.
Mince Meat—One pound of finely 
chopped roast beef, half a pound of 
chopped suet, quarter of a peck of 
chopped tipples, one pound of raisins, 
quarter of a pound of currants, same 
quantity of citron, one nutmeg, two ta­
ble spoonfuls of cinnamon, juice of two 
lemons, one pound of sugar, and cider 
ami brandy to moisten it
Buckwheat Cakes—A griddle for baking 
should never he greased, as this destroys 
the delicate flavor of the cakes. Scour 
well with a cloth and sand, and wash 
with hot suds, wipe dry, anti just before 
taking rub witli a coarse cloth and salt, 
t is not necessary to wash and scour it 
every time it is wanted; only once to 
get all the grease out; hut use the cloth 
and salt every time you put on fresh 
cakes, just as grease would he used.
To Cook an Old Fowl—Dress and stuff' 
as for roasting ; then boil three hours 
in a covered pot with one quart of wa­
ter, to which add two tablespoon fills of 
vinegar ; then take it from the water, 
ul> over with a little butter, sprinkle 
on some Hour, and put the fowl into a 
hake-pan, anti hake it in a hot oven ono 
'lour. Use the liquor in the pot for 
gravy and to haste with. The vinegar 
makes it very tender, hut does not taste 
at all.
Connecticut Raised Doughnuts—Heat a 
pint of milk just lukewarm and stir into 
it a small cup of melted lard, and sift in 
Hour until il is a thick hatter; add a 
small cup of domestic yeast, and keep 
it warm until the hatter is light, then 
work into it four beaten eggs, two cups 
of sugar rolled free from lumps, a tea­
spoonful of salt and two of cinnamon. 
When the whole is well mixed, knead 
in Hour until about as stiff as buscuit 
lough. Set it where it will keep warm 
till of a spongy lightness, then roll the 
dough out half an inch thick ami cut it 
into cakes. Let them remain till light, 
then fry them in hot lard.
Lemon Cake—Two cups of Hour, two of 
sugar, six eggs, six tablespoon fills of 
butter, four of milk, two teaspoonfuls of 
cream tartar sifted with the Hour, and 
one teaspoofnl of soda. Beat all well 
together, and hake in two loaves. For 
the jelly to use with it, take tlireo- 
burths of a pound of sugar, one-fourth 
of a pound of butter, six eggs, the rind 
of three lemons grated, and the juice, 
teat the sugar, butter and eggs thor­
oughly together, and set in a dish of hot 
water until heated, then add the grated 
emon and juice; stir until thick enough 
and quite smooth, then split the cake 
md put this jelly in while warm. It is 
very delicious.
Taking up Roots.—Much extra labor 
may he avoided by managing the root 
larvest with judgment. There is a 
great deal of handling of this crop, and 
many a back-ache is necessarily incident 
to it at tho best. A serviceable and 
useful tool to pick up roots, either tur­
nips or potatoes, may be made by taking 
piece of three-eighth round iron rod 
three feet long, bending it in the shape 
of a scoop, bringing the ends together, 
and inserting them into a long fork- 
landle. Then with one-eighth inch 
iron wire weave a basket, shaped like a 
deep spoon or ladle, on this frame of 
rod, with interstices two inches square. 
The effect is to make a tool with which 
roots may be scooped up rapidly with­
out stooping, and pitched into a cart or 
wagon, or thrown into a heap for pit­
ting. Small potatoes, stones, and loose 
earth will escape through the spaces. 
We have used such a contrivance many 
seasons with great increase of comfort 
and expedition in harvesting our root
crops.
Varied Diet for Poultry.—Corn is the 
cheapest and best food for fowls, if we 
are to name one article. They like it 
better than any other grain, and it 
probably must always be the main de­
pendence in this country in keeping
K
iultry. But there must he a variety.
ens are as omnivorous, perhaps, as any 
animal in the world, man excepted. 
They even exceed swine in this respect. 
We all know how distasteful a uniform 
diet is to ourselves. The appetite, both 
in men and brutes, is determined by 
the varying state of the system, and a 
kind of food that is craved at one time 
will be rejected at another. Wheat- 
bran is excellent. Hens soon tire of 
cooked grain, but it should be fed part 
of the time. Every day in the year, 
when fowls do not have access to grass, 
fresh vegetable food should he allowed, 
and a small quantity of meat if there 
is not insect forage. Corn should pre­
ponderate for growing chickens, be­
cause the cheapest, and for fattening 
fowls; hut for layers wheat should occu­
py a prominent place.
Foreign Agricultural Items.— In France, 
one consequence of the war has been to 
seriously reduce the number of grazing 
cattle. Fat beeves are exceedingly 
scarce, and cattle men are devoting 
their energies to raising young stock as
the basis of a future supply.-----In
Western Russia there are vast natural 
prairies hitherto unused. It is now 
proposed to utilize these by means ot it 
company, headed by a Russian prince, 
who propose to stock them with cattle, 
and, after fattening them, to prepare 
the beef in a portable shape for ship­
ment to the markets of Western Eu­
rope.----- English papers wonder at the
fact that sixty-two agricultural fairs 
have been held during September am 
October in four New England States
only,-----Two agricultural colonies from
France are about to settle on the Santa
Cruz river in Patagonia.-----The director
of the San Jose Colony, which left 
France to settle in the Argentine Re 
public, regrets that he did not choose 
the Mississippi Valley as the location o 
his enterprise.-----An agricultural asso­
ciation for improvement in farm opera­
tions and the education ot the farmers 
by the establishment of agricultura 
journals, has been inaugurated in Bel
gium. __ ________ .____
On Monday of last week, four men
The following rhymed robuke of oommon 
orrnrs in pronunciation conveys some useful 
hints:
I '
Tticru was a Girl, and sho was fair to see.
Whoso classic ’nomcn was Kurydice ;
As lull of mischief, tike to most young ladios, 
Sometimes raising Cain, and sometimes Hades. 
This smiling beauty, though she gained eclat.
To use hyperbole, eonccnled a claw.
A flirt she was—and thought no sin to bo— 
Though driving levers into syncope.
She flattered some, though always “sino die," 
Until they were all crowned with misery.
Sho danced and waltzed, until quito sick was 
she.
tiler Goddess was Terpsichore);
Rut soon got well and cat her hominy.
With all the tragic airs of great Melpomene.
Iter mind sometimes on Jupiter and Io.
Would dwell—mixed up with Virgo and with 
Leo;
Her favorite book was Don Quixote,
Although prone to think him rough and haughty. 
Still from ner lips, to hear a diatribe.
Was worth the world, and all the rest beside.
A maid she had ; fat, fair and fancy free. 
Rejoicing in the name, Euphrosyne:
This demoiselle thought herself a Throne, 
Though her mistress called her “ stupid ninny," 
Her favorite author was Dumas Fils—
(Each well-thumbed work was spotted o’er with 
grouse).
Amt thou sho owned a small epitome 
Of ancient Rome, which was a sight to see.
Stic knew but little of Professor Blot,
Her cooking was indifferently slow 
Bui her chief care was on the household Lares, 
Round which she Itustled like a hundred fairies. 
In short, take her all in all. it was plain to seo 
She favored Juno more than Niobe.
Kurydice, at length, was, strango to say, 
Enchanted with a man, and brought to bay; 
Henceforth her constant study was to bo, 
llow best to imitate Calliope.
Whilo her fair maid, we scarco need indieate, 
Brought her Penates to the Syndicate ;
Ind helped, their Epithalamiuin to sing, _ 
Though not the least connected with " tho ring. 
Euryuice, farewell I and you too, fair Euphro- 
syne 1
Forgive us thut wo uso your names to air our 
prosody.
Chips from Other Blockheads.
Love, a cough, and money, cannot 
long be hid.
A stamp you can’t buy—Tho stamp of 
a gentleman.
It costs more to avenge wrongs than 
to bear them.
Tiie great unknown—peoplo who 
never advertise.
Old sailors are never so much at sea 
as when they are on shore.
It is a mistake to suppose that Alexis 
lives on Czar-dines.
We very frequently hear of Generals 
capturing pieces of artillery. “ What's 
the use ot capturing pieces?” says Mrs. 
Partington ; “ why not capture whole 
ones ?”
A Dutch .Justice gives the following 
oath to witnesses: “You do awfully 
swore you will toll tho truth, tho whole 
truth, and nothing but the truth, tho 
best what you can’t.”
Let every man be himself; let him 
cultivate first, self-retipect; and then 
respect for others. Belf-respect gives 
self-possession, and self-possession is ono 
the crowning graces of society.
“ Mv dear,” said a young lady to her 
country cousin, “when you’ve been a 
littlo longer in London you won’t be so 
green.” “ Better green than withered? ” 
was the retort.
The New York World accounts for the 
inequality of the sexes by saying that 
in early life the boy masters his oppor­
tunities, while the girl commonly 
misses hers.
The following notice is sfuck up on a 
bridge at Denver, in Colorado: “ No 
vehicle drawn by more than ono animal 
is allowed to cross this bridge in oppo­
site directions at the same time."
They are fond of titles in the East. 
Among his other high sounding titles 
the King of Ava lias that of “ Lord of 
Twenty-four Umbrellas.” This lookH as 
though he was prepared for a long reign
“Do you observe what a fine head 
my boy has?” said an admiring father 
to a circle of friends. “Come here my 
son. You’re a chip of the old block, 
aren’t you?" “Yes, pa. The teacher 
toltl me yesterday that I was a regular 
blockhead.”
A County Clerk in Iowa recently re­
ceived a note reading as follows : Mis­
ter Klurc—Sur—Tssoo marrig lisens to
wunst for Mister----- and Mis----- for
sucumstances requir ’em to marry rite
oil'. 'They is old enuff’,----------- , step
mother and ant.
Soliciting relief of an English lady, a 
Frenchman gravely said: “ Madame, I 
nevaire beg, but dat 1 have von vife vid 
several small family dat is growing very 
arge, and nosing to make dere bread 
out of but de perspiration of my own 
eyebrow.”
of it the less it was worth. If you sent 
thousand dollars’ worth of it to Wash­
ington, you would he pretty sure to get 
ark about Reven dollars and a half— 
the remainder being national bank 
currency which the government knows
too much to redeem.
About as uncomfortable a relic as the
tire left was a safe. Unlike Mrs. 
foodies’ door-plate, with the name of 
Thompson, and her coffin, it is not a 
taiidy thing to have in the house. The 
uggestion for a monument of safes was, 
therefore, greedily accepted try all men 
who were so unfortunate as to he the own- 
re of these iron instances of incon­
stancy. The only objection to this 
scheme for a monument of safes is 
that, it another great lire should come, 
it would probably he among the first 
things to he destroyed. If it is desira 
hie to have a monument of the great 
conflagration, which shall he tire-proof, 
it would probably be surer to build it of 
papier mache.
A good relic of the fire is an insur­
ance policy, ft is worth more as a relic 
than it is as a policy. There will also 
io no difficulty in keeping it. It would 
be the la-st thing on earth that anybody 
would ever steal. An insurance policy 
in a Chicago company would he a good 
thing to throw in among your papers of 
alue. It would be burglar-proof. If a 
thief should ever come across it he 
would drop the whole mass as valueless.
T a Chicago insurance policy is bettor 
or one thing than it is for another, it is 
better as a relic than it is for kindling 
lire; as a rule, it is too hard ami tough
to serve for the latter purpose.
Among the most dilapidated relies of
the conflagration was that numerous 
anatomical specimen, usually preserved 
in spit its, that is sometimes known as 
hummer ” and sometimes as “ scala 
wag." The fire cleaned out this class of 
individuals so completely that one of 
them will henceforth lie regarded as the 
greatest curiosity of this community.
It might he an interesting, ami cer­
tainly a highly patriotic proceeding to 
gather together into a museum ol the 
fire a relic from each of the most prom­
inent institutions and buildings of the 
city. A few suggestions may contribute 
to give this movement some practical 
shape.
From the, Tribune building might be 
taken that historic cockroach which 
seemed to be about the only live thing 
about the establishment. If something 
more characteristic were desired, and 
the museum building should prove to 
sufficiently strong to bear up under the 
weight, one of the editorials of that 
paper—select any one for the past four 
years—would indicate something of the 
ponderosity of the institution.
From the Times establishment there 
would he so many good things to select 
that it would he difficult to hunt its 
representative. It would he most char­
acteristic, perhaps, to select one of the 
religious articles of the Sunday edition 
criticizing the worldly and profane 
course of the daily editions, or a chapter 
on the horrible crime of abortion, as 
practiced in this city before tho lire.
In the matter of the Mail, Republican, 
Post, and Journal, their entire edition for 
one day might be gathered in without 
taking up any room to speak of.
The theatres would furnish some in­
teresting relics. Crosby’s Opera-House 
might possibly contribute some blonde 
wigs, a good many short skirts, a few 
pads for the limbs, and one or two 
Theodore Thomas tickets. McVicker 
could spare some of the brass horns he 
used to have in his orchestra, and a mo 
del for the most cosy auditorium in the 
country. From Wood's Museum might 
be bottled one of those ancient and fish 
like smells that used to come up from 
the regions below, and a lady’s hand 
kerchief to he used alternately in pro 
tecting the nose from this onslaught 
and in “smashing” the young men in 
the parquet. From Hooley’s might he 
transmitted Frank Aiken’s “ Ticket-of- 
Leave." The Dearborn theatre couh 
deposit for safe-keeping that wonderfu 
baby which created such a rumpus in 
its internal arrangements.
The hotels of Chicago could club to 
gether and, in this way peril. | \ et u 
one goed square meal. The hank 
could make a liberal donation of dis 
counted paper, on transactions that 
took place just before the fire without 
collateral, 1 lie churches might present 
a contribution-box as one of the things 
most essential to the welfare in the fu 
ture as in the past.
1° complete the collection, each in 
Come to the dividual and each business could proba­
bly suggest and contribute, until $ mu-
of many eminent 
and business men
Lucifer Matches.
The invention of the lucifer match 
was recently claimed by an English 
chemist, Mr. Isaac Holden, in his evi 
dence before the Patent Committee of 
Parliament. The production of thi 
most useful and at the same time ! most 
dangerous fire-work, it is said, was due 
to a happy thought which flashet 
through the brain of Mr. Holden. This 
gentleman was obliged to rise very early 
in the morning to pursue his chemica 
studies, and experienced great annoy 
ance from his tedious elicits to strike 
light by means of Hint and steel. lie 
was giving lectures at the time to a very 
large academy. Mr. Holden says that 
he knew the ordinary explosive materia 
necessary to produce instantaneous light 
hut that it was very difficult to obtain t 
flame on wood by that explosive mate 
rial. The idea then occurred to him to 
place sulphur under the explosive sub­
stance, and the expedient proved en­
tirely successful. The experiment was 
exhibited in Mr. Holden’s lecture-room, 
and a young man present immediately 
wrote to his father, a chemist in Lon­
don, in referenco to the discovery, and 
shortly afterwards, it is stated, lucifer 
matches were manufactured and offered 
for sale.
Motto for a ptd show— 
•cratch.”
ome for the last time his dog left him 
it the depot. The faithful dog still 
watches for his master, who will never 
ome hack.”
Gen. Gorloff, the Russian represen­
tative pro tem at Washington, is a soldier 
and a scholar, lie is the author of sev- 
ral works on military tactics. For 
some time past he has been superin­
tending the manufacture of arms for 
his Government, at Hartford, the Czar 
living entered into a large contract for 
capons with a large firm in the latter 
city. Lika all of his countrymen, Gen. 
Gorloff gained the good will of all 
Americans with whom he came in con- 
tet, and was probably one of the most
lopular men in Hartford.
Miss Creak .(pronounced Cra-ak), the 
atly to whom Gen. D. E. Sickles is mar- 
ied, is but twenty-two. She was born 
in Spain, speaks English imperfectly, 
and is represented as beautiful and ac­
complished, hut not wealthy. Her 
father is Assistant Treasurer of the 
Province of Andalusia. The family is 
of Irish descent, has long been settled 
in Spain, and occupies an enviable 
social position. Miss Creak was an in- 
imate friend of Gen. Sickles’ daughter, 
an<l accompanied her in a recent tout; 
f Europe.
The Pittsburgh papers speak of an 
invention to rid that smoky city of its 
greatest nuisance. A man there has 
invented a small iron apparatus, which, 
il is said, when attached to stoves, 
anges, and other objects where wood 
and coal are used, consumes all the 
smoke and gas generated, not a particle 
of the vapor escaping through the 
chimney. The inventor also claims 
that, its no soot is made, it will be im- 
tossihle for chimneys to catch fire; and 
a reduction of insurance rates will be 
the result.
The celebrated lady doctor, Miss 
■'owler, in practice at Orange, N. J., was 
ecently married, and is now Mrs. 
Ormsby. She is a sister of Fowler, the 
phrenologist, and has met with extraor- 
linary success as a medical practitioner 
of the homeopathic school. Her income 
from her practice has, for years past, 
been from $15,000 to $20,000 per year. 
She treats patients of both sexes, lias 
the names of over six hundred families 
on her practice-hooks, and has more 
uisiness than all the half dozen male 
doctors of the place put together. In 
carrying on her profession she drives 
between forty and fifty miles every day. 
She is remarkably successful as a doc­
tor. She is a handsome woman of 40, 
clear-headed, stout-hearted, strong- 
willed, vivacious, and intellectual. Her 
husband is a New York merchant.
Sensible to the Last.
President Porter, of Yale College, the 
o4»er day, gave his students a deal of 
good advice. Uf course, it is unneces 
s try to say what a considerable portion 
of it was, because all young mon are 
always exhorted to he self-reliant, faith­
ful, honest, and industrious, and to 
show energy and invincible determina­
tion. But Dr. Porter went into severa
particulars. “ Don't drink,” lie said, 
‘and don’t chew”—tobacco, we pre­
sume lie meant, and not honest food 
“ Don’t swear,” lie added, “and don't 
deceive; don’t read novels; don’t 
marry until you can support a wife.” 
So much for the Doctor's negative ad 
vice. “ Be in earnest,” he went on to 
say, “and he self-reliant.” Good! “Be 
generous and he civil." Better! “Real 
the papers and advertise your business,” 
Best! That hist hit of advice is what 
we call beautiful! Little need was 
there for the excellent and sagacious 
and learned gentleman to add, “Make 
money and do goo 1 with it!" He 
meant, of course, that one who doesn’t 
read the papers or advertise isn't likely 
to make much money, or to do much 
good with what little he may make.
The carrier pigeons “Tornado" and 
“Typhoon” recently flew from a point 
in the Gulf Stream near the Galapagos 
Islands to Montclair, N. J., at the aver­
age speed for “Tornado" of 196 miles 
an hour, and for “ Typhoon” of 202 
miles an hour; that is, a mile in a little 
more than seventeen seconds. “Ty­
phoon" was an old bird, and fell dead 
as soon as it reached its destination.
And now deriding him when he is 
dowu, they declare that Tweed is like 
the Black Sea because he is not the 
Boss-for-ws.
Ma, I am going 
soap for the fair 
leautiful miss of 
mother the other 
that notion into
to make some soft 
this Fall!” said a 
seventeen to her 
day. What put
who were ascending the shaft 
Pewabic mine, at Lake Superior, were 
precipitated from the “ skip” in which 
they were riding to the botton) of the 
shaft and instantly killed.
your head, Sally ?”
“ Why, ma, the premium is just what I 
have ’been wanting." “ Pray, what is 
it? “A ‘Worcester Farmer;’ I hof* 
ie will he a good looking one."
A Racy Advertisement.
William Wilson is a genius who keeps 
“horse restaurant" at White Pino, 
Nevada, and he issues the following 
musical advertisement. We give him 
the benefit of our circulation :
William M. Wilson’s livery stable and 
horse restaurant. Live stock faster 
than anybody’s, and all trained to re­
spect woman’s rights—also children’s— 
yet warranted to get away from any­
thing else on the road. Buggies, 
broughams, barouches, hacks, sulkies, 
road wagons, hearses, and every kind of 
vehicles for slow or fast travel with 
horses to correspond. Funeral turn­
outs cheerfully furnished, and guaran­
teed to make the proper impression. 
Bloated aristocrats from abroad taken 
onto any road, and warranted ahead ot 
any stage or any other conveyance—for 
money. No complaint is ever heard 
from stock fed in this stable. More 
hilarity than was ever known in any 
other collection of dumb animals since 
the procession from Noah’s landing. 
No hay ropes about this establishment 
—everything is turned loose; the key 
to the barley sacks hangs dangling 
within reach of the humblest horse in 
the stable, and no pains are spared to 
make the guests of the establishment 
distinguish the difference betwoen this 
and the desert waste.
Wsi. M. Wilson.
| The following epitaph, in a cematary 
of the of Oswego, Nevr York, shows that the 
bereaved parents had rather mixed no­
tions on the subject of dual existence:
“ Here lies my two children dear, 
One in Ireland and the other here.
