TEXT: Arthur Barlowe, 'The first voyage made to the coasts of America... Anno 1584' (Hakluyt 1600, vol. III, pp. 246-251)
GOLDSMID SECTION: XXIV (Gutenberg #25645 file lines 10324-10743)
SOURCE EDITION: Richard Hakluyt, The Principal Navigations, Voyages, Traffiques and Discoveries of the English Nation, ed. Edmund Goldsmid, vol. XIII 'America, Part II' (Edinburgh: E. & G. Goldsmid, 1889), text as transcribed by Project Gutenberg eBook #25645 (release 2008-05-29, updated 2020-06-20). Goldsmid reprints the text of the 1600 edition (vol. III) with original spelling (u/v, i/j as printed); Hakluyt's marginal notes are given as bracketed (Mnnn) references and Goldsmid's footnotes as (nnn) numbers.
URL FETCHED: https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/25645/pg25645.txt  (also https://www.gutenberg.org/files/25645/25645-8.txt)
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
1600-EDITION PAGE NUMBERS: taken from the '[III. nnn.]' markers in the MacLehose edition (Glasgow 1904, vol. VIII), archive.org id principalnavigat08hakl, which reproduces the 1600 pagination; see maclehose1904_vol8_virginia_section.txt in this folder.
==============================================================================

XXIV. The first voyage made to the coasts of America, with two barks,
wherein were Captaines M. Philip Amadas, and M. Arthur Barlowe, who
discouered part of the Countrey now called Virginia Anno 1584. Written by
one of the said Captaines, and sent to sir Walter Ralegh knight, at whose
charge and direction, the said voyage was set forth.(84)


The 27 day of Aprill, in the yere of our redemption 1584, we departed the
West of England, with two barkes well furnished with men and victuals,
hauing receiued our last and perfect directions by your letters,
confirming the former instructions, and commandements deliuered by your
selfe at our leauing the riuer of Thames. And I thinke it a matter both
vnnecessary, for the manifest discouerie of the Countrey, as also for
tediousnesse sake, to remember vnto you the diurnall of our course,
sayling thither and returning: onely I haue presumed to present vnto you
this briefe discourse, by which you may iudge how profitable this land is
likely to succeede, as well to your selfe, (by whose direction and charge,
and by whose seruantes this our discouerie hath beene performed) as also
to her Highnesse, and the Common wealth, in which we hope your wisedome
wilbe satisfied, considering that as much by vs hath bene brought to
light, as by those smal meanes, and number of men we had, could any way
haue bene expected, or hoped for.

(M256) The tenth of May we arriued at the Canaries, and the tenth of Iune
in this present yeere, we were fallen with the Islands of the West Indies,
keeping a more Southeasterly course then was needefull, because wee
doubted that the current of the Bay of Mexico, disbogging betweene the
Cape of Florida and Hauana, had bene of greater force then afterwardes we
found it to bee. At which Islands we found the ayre very vnwholsome, and
our men grew for the most part ill disposed: so that hauing refreshed our
selues with sweet water, and fresh victuall, we departed the twelfth day
of our arriuall there. These Islands, with the rest adioyning, are so well
knowen to your selfe, and to many others, as I will not trouble you with
the remembrance of them.

(M257) The second of Iuly, we found shole water, wher we smelt so sweet,
and so strong a smel, as if we had bene in the midst of some delicate
garden abounding with all kinde of odoriferous flowers, by which we were
assured, that the land could not be farre distant: and keeping good watch,
and bearing but slacke saile, the fourth of the same moneth we arriued
vpon the coast, which we supposed to be a continent and firme lande, and
we sayled along the same a hundred and twentie English miles before we
could finde any entrance, or riuer issuing into the Sea. (M258) The first
that appeared vnto vs, we entred, though not without some difficultie, and
cast anker about three harquebuz-shot within the hauens mouth, on the left
hand of the same: and after thankes giuen to God for our safe arriuall
thither, we manned our boats, and went to view the land next adioyning,
and to take possession of the same, in the right of the Queenes most
excellent Maiestie, as rightfull Queene, and Princesse of the same, and
after deliuered the same ouer to your vse, according to her Maiesties
grant, and letters patents, vnder her Highnesse great seale. Which being
performed, according to the ceremonies vsed in such enterprises, we viewed
the land about vs, being (M259) whereas we first landed, very sandie and
low towards the waters side, but so full of grapes, as the very beating
and surge of the sea ouerflowed them, of which we found such plentie, as
well there as in all places else, both on the sand and on the greene soile
on the hils, as in the plaines, as well on euery little shrubbe, as also
climing towardes the tops of high Cedars, that I thinke in all the world
the like abundance is not to be found: and my selfe hauing seene those
parts of Europe that most abound, find such difference as were incredible
to be written.

(M260) We passed from the Sea side towardes the toppes of those hilles
next adioyning, being but of meane higth, and from thence wee behelde the
Sea on both sides to the North, and to the South, finding no ende any of
both wayes. This lande lay stretching it selfe to the West, which after
wee found to bee but an Island of twentie miles long, and not above sixe
miles broade. Vnder the banke or hill whereon we stoode, we behelde the
vallyes replenished with goodly Cedar trees, and hauing discharged our
harquebuz-shot, such a flocke of Cranes (the most part white) arose vnder
vs, with such a cry redoubled by many ecchoes, as if an armie of men had
showted all together.

This Island had many goodly woodes full of Deere, Conies, Hares, and
Fowle, euen in the middest of Summer in incredible abundance. The woodes
are not such as you finde in Bohemia, Moscouia, or Hercynia, barren and
fruitles, but the highest and reddest Cedars of the world, farre bettering
the Ceders of the Açores of the Indies, or Lybanus, Pynes, Cypres,
Sassaphras, the Lentisk, or the tree that beareth the Masticke, the tree
that beareth the vine of blacke Sinamon, of which Master Winter brought
from the streighte of Magellan, and many other of excellent smell and
qualitie. (M261) We remained by the side of this Island two whole dayes
before we saw any people of the Countrey: the third day we espied one
small boate rowing towardes vs having in it three persons: this boat came
to the Island side, foure harquebuz-shot from our shippes, and there two
of the people remaining, the third came along the shoreside towards vs,
and wee being then all within boord, he walked vp and downe vpon the point
of the land next vnto vs: then the Master and the Pilot of the Admirall,
Simon Ferdinando, and the Captaine Philip Amadas, my selfe, and others
rowed to the land, whose comming this fellow attended, neuer making any
shewe of feare or doubt. (M262) And after he had spoken of many things not
vnderstood by vs, we brought him with his owne good liking, aboord the
ships, and gaue him a shirt, a hat and some other things, and made him
taste of our wine, and our meat, which he liked very wel: and after hauing
viewed both barks, he departed, and went to his owne boat againe, which
hee had left in a little Coue or Creeke adioyning: assoone as hee was two
bow shoot into the water, he fell to fishing, and in lesse then halfe an
houre, he had laden his boate as deepe, as it could swimme, with which hee
came againe to the point of the lande, and there he diuided his fish into
two parts, pointing one part to the ship, and the other to the pinnesse;
which, after he had (as much as he might) requited the former benefites
receiued, departed out of our sight.

(M263) The next day there came vnto vs diuers boates, and in one of them
the Kings brother, accompanied with fortie or fiftie men, very handsome
and goodly people, and in their behauiour as mannerly and ciuill as any of
Europe. His name was Granganimeo, and the king is called Wingina, the
countrey Wingandacoa, and now by her Maiestie Virginia. The maner of his
comming was in this sort: hee left his boates altogether as the first man
did a little from the shippes by the shore, and came along to the place
ouer against the ships, followed with fortie men. When he came to the
place his seruants spread a long matte vpon the ground, on which he sate
downe, and at the other ende of the matte foure others of his companie did
the like, the rest of his men stood round about him, somewhat a farre off:
when we came to the shore to him with our weapons, hee neuer mooued from
his place, nor any of the other foure, nor neuer mistrusted any harme to
be offered from vs, but sitting still he beckoned vs to come and sit by
him, which we performed: and being set hee made all signes of ioy and
welcome, striking on his head and his breast and afterwardes on ours, to
shew wee were all one, smiling and making shewe the best he could of all
loue, and familiaritie. After hee had made a long speech vnto vs, wee
presented him with diuers things, which hee receiued very ioyfully, and
thankefully. None of the companie durst speake one worde all the time:
only the foure which were at theother ende, spake one in the others eare
very softly. The King is greately obeyed, and his brothers and children
reuerenced: the King himselfe in person was at our being there, sore
wounded in a fight which hee had with the King of the next countrey,
called Wingina, and was shot in two places through the body, and once
cleane through the thigh, but yet he recouered: by reason whereof and for
that hee lay at the chiefe towne of the countrey, being sixe dayes iourney
off, we saw him not at all.

After we had presented this his brother with such things as we thought he
liked, wee likewise gaue somewhat to the other that satte with him on the
matte: but presently he arose and tooke all from them and put it into his
owne basket, making signes and tokens, that all things ought to bee
deliuered vnto him, and the rest were but his seruants, and followers.
(M264) A day or two after this we fell to trading with them, exchanging
some things that we had, for Chamoys, Buffe, and Deere skinnes: when we
shewed him all our packet of merchandize, of all things that he sawe, a
bright tinne dish most pleased him, which hee presently tooke vp and clapt
it before his breast, and after made a hole in the brimme thereof and hung
it about his necke, making signes that it would defende him against his
enemies arrowes: for those people maintaine a deadly and terrible warre,
with the people and King adioyning. We exchanged our tinne dish for
twentie skinnes, woorth twentie Crownes, or twentie Nobles: and a copper
kettle for fiftie skins woorth fiftie Crownes. They offered vs good
exchange for our hatchets, and axes, and for kniues and would haue giuen
any thing for swordes: but wee would not depart with any. (M265) After two
or three dayes the Kings brother came aboord the shippes, and dranke wine,
and eat of our meat and of our bread, and liked exceedingly thereof: and
after a fewe days ouerpassed, he brought his wife with him to the ships,
his daughter and two or three children: his wife was very well fauoured,
of meane stature, and very bashfull: shee had on her backe a long cloake
of leather, with the furre side next to her body, and before her a piece
of the same: about her forehead shee had a bande of white Corall, and so
had her husband many times: in her eares shee had bracelets of pearles
hanging downe to her middle, (whereof wee deliuered your worship a little
bracelet) and those were of the bignes of good pease. The rest of her
women of the better sort had pendants of copper hanging in either eare,
and some of the children of the kings brother and other noble men, haue
fiue or sixe in either eare: he himselfe had vpon his head a broad plate
of golde, or copper, for being vnpolished we knew not what mettall it
should be, neither would he by any meanes suffer vs to take it off his
head, but feeling it, it would bow very easily. His apparell was as his
wiues, onely the women weare their haire long on both sides, and the men
but on one. They are of colour yellowish, and their hair black for the
most part, and yet we saw children that had very fine aburne and chesnut
coloured haire.

After that these women had bene there, there came downe from all parts
great store of people, bringing with them leather, corall, diuers kindes
of dies, very excellent, and exchanged with us: but when Granganimeo the
kings brother was present, none durst trade but himselfe: except such as
weare red pieces of copper on their heads like himselfe: for that is the
difference betweene the noble men, and the gouernours of countreys, and
the meaner sort. And we both noted there, and you haue vnderstood since by
these men, which we brought home, that no people in the worlde cary more
respect to their King, Nobilitie, and Gouernours, then these doe. The
Kings brothers wife, when she came to vs (as she did many times) was
followed with forty or fifty women alwayes: and when she came into the
shippe, she left them all on land, sauing her two daughters, her nurse and
one or two more. The kings brother alwayes kept this order, as many boates
as he would come withall to the shippes, so many fires would hee make on
the shore a farre off, to the end we might vnderstand with what strength
and company he approched. (M266) Their boates are made of one tree, either
of Pine or of Pitch trees: a wood not commenly knowen to our people, nor
found growing in England. They haue no edge-tooles to make them withall;
if they haue any they are very fewe, and those it seemes they had twentie
yeres since, which, as those two men declared, was out of a wracke which
happened vpon their coast of some Christian ship, being beaten that way by
some storme and outragious weather, whereof none of the people were saued,
but only the ship, or some part of her being cast vpon the sand, out of
whose sides they drew the nayles and the spikes, and with those they made
their best instruments. (M267) The manner of making their boates is thus:
they burne downe some great tree, or take such as are winde fallen,
putting gumme and rosen vpon one side thereof, they set fire into it, and
when it hath burnt it hollow, they cut out the coale with their shels, and
euer where they would burne it deeper or wider they lay on gummes, which
burne away the timber, and by this meanes they fashion very fine boates,
and such as will transport twentie men. Their oares are like scoopes, and
many times they set with long poles, as the depth serueth.

The Kings brother had great liking of our armour, a sword, and diuers
other things which we had: and offered to lay a great box of pearl in gage
for them: but we refused it for this time, because we would not make them
knowe, that we esteemed thereof, vntill we had vnderstoode in what places
of the countrey the pearle grew: which now your Worshippe doeth very well
vnderstand.

He was very iust of his promise: for many times we deliuered him
merchandize vpon his word, but euer he came within the day and performed
his promise. He sent vs euery day a brase or two of fat Bucks, Conies,
Hares, Fish the best of the world. He sent vs diuers kindes of fruites,
Melons, Walnuts, Cucumbers, Gourdes, Pease, and diuers rootes, and fruites
very excellent good, and of their Countrey corne, which is very white,
faire and well tasted, and groweth three times in fiue moneths: in May
they sow, in Iuly they reape, in Iune they sow, in August they reape: in
Iuly they sow, in September they reape: onely they cast the corne into the
ground, breaking a little of the soft turfe with a wodden mattock, or
pickeaxe: our selues prooued the soile, and put some of our Pease in the
ground, and in tenne dayes they were of fourteene ynches high: they haue
also Beanes very faire of diuers colours and wonderfull plentie: some
growing naturally, and some in their gardens, and so haue they wheat and
oates.

The soile is the most plentifull, sweete, fruitfull and wholsome of all
the worlde: there were aboue fourteene seuerall sweete smelling timber
trees, and the most part of their vnderwoods are Bayes and such like: they
haue those Okes that we haue, but farre greater and better. After they had
bene diuers times aboord our shippes, my selfe, with seuen more went
twentie mile into the Riuer, that runneth towarde the Citie of Skicoak,
which Riuer they call Occam: and the euening following, wee came to an
Island which they call Raonoak, distant from the harbour by which we
entered, seuen leagues: and at the north end thereof was a village of nine
houses, built of Cedar, and fortified round about with sharpe trees, to
keepe out their enemies, and the entrance into it made like a turne pike
very artificially; when wee came towardes it, standing neere vnto the
waters side, the wife of Granganimeo the kings brother came running out to
meete vs very cheerefully and friendly, her husband was not then in the
village: some of her people shee commanded to drawe our boate on shore for
the beating of the billoe: others she appointed to cary vs on their backes
to the dry ground, and others to bring our oares into the house for feare
of stealing. When we were come into the vtter roome, hauing fiue roomes in
her house, she caused vs to sit downe by a great fire, and after tooke off
our clothes and washed them, and dryed them againe: some of the women
plucked off our stockings and washed them, some washed our feete in warme
water, and shee her selfe tooke great paines to see all thinges ordered in
the best maner shee could, making great haste to dress some meate for vs
to eate.

After we had thus dryed ourselues, she brought vs into the inner roome,
where shee set on the boord standing along the house; some wheate like
furmentie, sodden Venison, and roasted, fish sodden, boyled and roasted,
Melons rawe, and sodden, rootes of diuers kindes and diuers fruites: their
drinke is commonly water, but while the grape lasteth, they drinke wine,
and for want of caskes to keepe it, all the yere after they drink water,
but it is sodden with Ginger in it, and black Sinamon, and sometimes
Sassaphras, and diuers others wholesome, and medicinable hearbes and
trees. We were entertained with all loue and kindnesse, and with as much
bountie (after their maner) as they could possibly deuise. We found the
people most gentle, louing, and faithfull, voide of all guile and treason,
and such as liue after the maner of the golden age. The people onely care
howe to defende them selues from the cold in their short winter, and to
feed themselues with such meat as the soile affoordeth: their meat is very
well sodden and they make broth very sweet and sauorie: their vessels are
earthern pots, very large, white and sweete, their dishes are wodden
platters of sweet timber: within the place where they feede was their
lodging, (M268) and within that their Idoll, which they worship, of whome
they speake incredible things. While we were at meate, there came in at
the gates two or three men with their bowes and arrowes from hunting, whom
when wee espied, we beganne to looke one towardes another, and offered to
reach our weapons: but assoone as shee espied our mistrust, shee was very
much mooued, and caused some of her men to runne out, and take away their
bowes and arrowes and breake them, and withall beate the poore fellowes
out of the gate againe. When we departed in the euening and would not tary
all night she was very sory, and gaue vs into our boate our supper halfe
dressed, pottes and all, and brought vs to our boate side, in which wee
lay all night, remoouing the same a prettie distance from the shoare: shee
perceiuing our ielousie, was much grieued, and sent diuers men and thirtie
women, to sit all night on the banke side by vs, and sent vs into our
boates fine mattes to couer vs from the raine, vsing very many wordes to
entreate vs to rest in their houses: but because wee were fewe men, and if
wee had miscaried, the voyage had bene in very great danger, wee durst not
adventure any thing, although there was no cause of doubt: for a more
kinde and louing people there can not be found in the worlde, as farre as
we haue hitherto had triall.

(M269) Beyond this Island there is the maine lande, and ouer against this
Island falleth into this spacious water, the great riuer called Occam by
the inhabitants on which standeth a towne called Pomeiock; and sixe dayes
journey from the same is situate their greatest citie, called Skicoak,
which this people affirme to be very greate: but the Sauages were neuer at
it, only they speake of it by the report of their fathers and other men,
whom they have heard affirme it to bee aboue one houres iourney about.

Into this riuer falleth another great riuer, called Cipo, in which there
is found great store of Muskles in which there are pearles: likewise there
descendeth into this Occam, another riuer, called Nomopana, on the one
side whereof standeth a great towne called Chawanook, and the Lord of that
towne and countrey is called Pooneno: this Pooneho is not subject to the
king of Wingandacoa, but is a free Lord: beyond this country is there
another king, whom they call Menatonon, and these three kings are in
league with each other. (M270) Towards the Southwest, foure dayes iourney
is situate a towne called Sequotan, which is the Southermost towne of
Wingandacoa, neere unto which, sixe and twentie yeres past there was a
ship cast away, whereof some of the people were saued, and those were
white people, whom the countrey people preserued.

And after ten dayes remaining in an out Island vninhabited, called
Wocokon, they with the help of some of the dwellers of Sequotan, fastened
two boates of the countrey together and made mastes vnto them and sailes
of their shirtes, and hauing taken into them such victuals as the countrey
yeelded, they departed after they had remained in this out Island 3
weekes: but shortly after it seemed they were cast away, for the boates
were found vpon the coast cast a land in another Island adioyning: other
then these, there was neuer any people apparelled, or white of colour,
either seene or heard of amongst these people, and these aforesaid were
seene onely of the inhabitantes of Secotan, which appeared to be very
true, for they wondred maruelously when we were amongst them at the
whitenes of our skins, euer coueting to touch our breasts, and to view the
same. Besides they had our ships in marvelous admiration, and all things
els were so strange vnto them, as it appeared that none of them had euer
seene the like. When we discharged any piece, were it but an hargubuz,
they would tremble thereat for very feare, and for the strangenesse of tha
same: for the weapons which themselues vse are bowes and arrowes: the
arrowes are but of small canes, headed with a sharpe shell or tooth of a
fish sufficient ynough to kill a naked man. (M271) Their swordes be of
wood hardened: likewise they vse wooden breastplates for their defence.
They haue beside a kinde of club, in the end whereof they fasten the
sharpe hornes of a stagge, or other beast. When they goe to warres they
cary about with them their idol, of whom they aske counsel, as the Romans
were woont of the Oracle of Apollo. They sing songs as they march towardes
the battell in stead of drummes and trumpets: their warres are very cruell
and bloody, by reason whereof, and of their ciuill dissentions which haue
happened of late yeeres amongst them, the people are maruelously wasted,
and in some places the countrey left desolate.

(M272) Adioyning to this countrey aforesaid called Secotan beginneth a
countrey called Pomouik, belonging to another king whom they call
Piamacum, and this king is in league with the next king adioyning towards
the setting of the Sunne, and the countrey Newsiok, situate vpon a goodly
riuer called Neus: these kings haue mortall warre with Wingina king of
Wingandacoa: but about two yeeres past there was a peace made betweene the
King Piemacum, and the Lord of Secotan, as these men which we haue brought
with vs to England, haue giuen vs to vnderstand: but there remaineth a
mortall malice in the Secotanes, for many iniuries and slaughters done
vpon them by this Piemacum. They inuited diuers men, and thirtie women of
the best of his countrey to their towne to a feast: and when they were
altogether merry, and praying before their Idol, (which is nothing els but
a meer illusion of the deuill) the captaine or Lord of the town came
suddenly vpon them, and slewe them euery one, reseruing the women and
children: and these two haue oftentimes since perswaded vs to surprize
Piemacum his towne, hauing promised and assured vs, that there will be
found in it great store of commodities. But whether their perswasion be to
the ende they may be reuenged of their enemies, or for the loue they beare
to vs, we leaue that to the tryall hereafter.

Beyond this Island called Roanoak, are maine Islands very plentifull of
fruits and other naturall increases, together with many townes, and
villages, along the side of the continent, some bounding vpon the Islands,
and some stretching vp further into the land.

When we first had sight of this countrey, some thought the first land we
saw to bee the continent; but after we entred into the Hauen, we saw
before vs another mighty long Sea: for there lyeth along the coast a
tracte of Islands, two hundreth miles in length, adioyning to the Ocean
sea, and betweene the Islands, two or three entrances: when you are entred
betweene them (these Islands being very narrow for the most part, as in
most places sixe miles broad, in some places lesse, in fewe more) then
there appeareth another great Sea, containing in bredth in some places,
forty, and in some fifty, in some twenty miles ouer, before you come vnto
the continent: (M273) and in this inclosed Sea there are aboue an hundreth
Islands of diuers bignesses, whereof one is sixteene miles long, at which
we were, finding it a most pleasant and fertile ground, replenished with
goodly Cedars, and diuers other sweete woods, full of Corrants, of flaxe,
and many other notable commodities, which we at that time had no leasure
to view. Besides this Island there are many, as I haue sayd, some of two,
or three, of foure, of fiue miles, some more, some lesse, most beautifull
and pleasant to behold, replenished with Deere, Conies, Hares, and diuers
beasts, and about them the goodliest and best fish in the world, and in
greatest abundance.

Thus Sir, we haue acquainted you with the particulars of our discouery
made this present voyage, as farre foorth as the shortnesse of the time we
there continued would affoord vs to take viewe of: and so contenting our
selves with this seruice at this time, which wee hope hereafter to
inlarge, as occasion and assistance shalbe giuen, we resolued to leaue the
countrey, and to apply ourselues to returne for England, which we did
accordingly, and arriued safely in the West of England about the middest
of September.

And whereas wee haue aboue certified you of the countrey taken in
possession by vs, to her Maiesties vse, and so to yours by her Maiesties
grant, wee thought good for the better assurance thereof to record some of
the particular Gentlemen, and men of accompt, who then were present, as
witnesses of the same, that thereby all occasion of cauill to the title of
the countrey, in her Maiesties behalfe may be preuented, which otherwise,
such as like not the action may vse and pretend, whose names are:

      Captains:
      Master Philip Amadas
      Master Arthur Barlow

      Of the companie.
      William Greeneuile,
      Iohn Wood,
      Iames Browewich,
      Henry Greene,
      Beniamin Wood,
      Simon Ferdinando,
      Nicholas Petman,
      Iohn Hewes,

We brought home also two of the Sauages being lustie men, whose names were
Wanchese and Manteo.
