TEXT: John White, 'The fourth voyage made to Virginia with three ships, in yere 1587. Wherein was transported the second Colonie' (Hakluyt 1600, vol. III, pp. 280-287)
GOLDSMID SECTION: XXX (Gutenberg #25645 file lines 13283-13805)
SOURCE EDITION: Richard Hakluyt, The Principal Navigations, Voyages, Traffiques and Discoveries of the English Nation, ed. Edmund Goldsmid, vol. XIII 'America, Part II' (Edinburgh: E. & G. Goldsmid, 1889), text as transcribed by Project Gutenberg eBook #25645 (release 2008-05-29, updated 2020-06-20). Goldsmid reprints the text of the 1600 edition (vol. III) with original spelling (u/v, i/j as printed); Hakluyt's marginal notes are given as bracketed (Mnnn) references and Goldsmid's footnotes as (nnn) numbers.
URL FETCHED: https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/25645/pg25645.txt  (also https://www.gutenberg.org/files/25645/25645-8.txt)
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
1600-EDITION PAGE NUMBERS: taken from the '[III. nnn.]' markers in the MacLehose edition (Glasgow 1904, vol. VIII), archive.org id principalnavigat08hakl, which reproduces the 1600 pagination; see maclehose1904_vol8_virginia_section.txt in this folder.
==============================================================================

XXX. The fourth voyage made to Virginia with three ships, in yere 1587.
Wherein was transported the second Colonie.


In the yeere of our Lord 1587. Sir Walter Ralegh intending to perseuere in
the planting of his Countrey of Virginia, prepared a newe Colonie of one
hundred and fiftie men to be sent thither, vnder the charge of Iohn White,
whom hee appointed Gouernour, and also appointed vnto him twelue
Assistants, vnto whom he gaue a Charter, and incorporated them by the name
of Gouernour and Assistants of the Citie of Ralegh in Virginia.



April.


Our Fleete being in number three saile, viz. the Admirall a shippe of one
hundred and twentie Tunnes, a Flie-boate, and a Pinnesse, departed the
sixe and twentieth of April from Portsmouth, and the same day came to an
ancker at the Cowes in the Isle of Wight, where wee stayed eight dayes.



May.


The fift of May, at nine of the clocke at night we came to Plimmouth,
where we remained the space of two dayes.

The 8 we weyed anker at Plimmouth, and departed thence for Virginia.

The 16 Simon Ferdinando, Master of our Admirall, lewdly forsooke our
Fly-boate, leauing her distressed in the Bay of Portugal.



Iune.


The 19 we fell with Dominica, and the same euening we sayled betweene it,
and Guadalupe: the 21 the Fly-boat also fell with Dominica.

(M312) The 22 we came to an anker at an Island called Santa Cruz,(101)
where all the planters were set on land, staying there till the 25 of the
same moneth. (M313) At our first landing on this Island, some of our
women, and men, by eating a small fruit like greene Apples, were
fearefully troubled with a sudden burning in their mouthes, and swelling
of their tongues so bigge, that some of them could not speake. Also a
child by sucking one of those womens breasts, had at that instant his
mouth set on such a burning, that it was strange to see how the infant was
tormented for the time: but after 24 houres it ware away of it selfe.

Also the first night of our being on this Island, we took fiue great
Tortoses, some of them of such bignes, that sixteene of our strongest men
were tired with carying of one of them but from the sea side to our
cabbins. In this Island we found no watring place, but a standing ponde,
the water whereof was so euill, that many of our company fell sicke with
drinking thereof: and as many as did but wash their faces with that water,
in the morning before the Sunne had drawen away the corruption, their
faces did so burne and swell, that their eyes were shut vp, and could not
see in fiue or sixe dayes, or longer.

The second day of our abode there, we sent forth some of our men to search
the Island for fresh water, three one way, and two another way. The
Gouernour also, with sixe others, went vp to the top of an high hill, to
viewe the Island, but could perceiue no signe of any men, or beastes, nor
any goodnes, but Parots, and trees of Guiacum. Returning backe to our
cabbins another way, he found in the discent of a hill, certaine
potsheards of sauage making, made of the earth of that Island: whereupon
it was iudged, that this Island was inhabited with Sauages, though
Fernando had told vs for certaine the contrary. The same day at night, the
rest of our company very late returned to the Gouernour. The one company
affirmed, that they had seene in a valley eleuen Sauages, and diuers
houses halfe a mile distant from the steepe, or toppe of the hill where
they stayed. The other company had found running out of a high rocke a
very fayre spring of water, whereof they brought three bottels to the
company: for before that time, wee drank the stinking water of the pond.

The same second day at night Captaine Stafford, with the Pinnesse,
departed from our fleets, riding at Santa Cruz, to an Island, called
Beake, lying neere S. Iohn, being so directed by Ferdinando, who assured
him he should there find great plenty of sheepe. The next day at night,
our planters left Santa Cruz, and came all aboord, and the next morning
after, being the 25 of Iune we weyed anker, and departed from Santa Cruz.

The seuen and twentieth we came to anker at Cottea, where we found the
Pinnesse riding at our comming.

The 28 we weyed anker at Cottea, and presently came to anker at S. Iohns
in Musketos Bay,(102) where we spent three dayes vnprofitable in taking in
fresh water, spending in the meane time more beere then the quantitie of
the water came vnto.



Iulie.


(M314) The first day we weyed anker at Musketos Bay, where were left
behind two Irish men of our company, Darbie Glauen, and Denice Carrell,
bearing along the coast of S. Iohns till euening, at which time wee fell
with Rosse Bay. At this place Ferdinando had promised wee should take in
salte, and had caused vs before, to make and prouide as many sackes for
that purpose, as we could. The Gouernour also, for that hee understood
there was a Towne in the bottome of the Bay, not farre from the salt
hills, appointed thirty shot, tenne pikes, and ten targets, to man the
Pinnesse, and to goe aland for salt. Ferdinando perceiuing them in a
readines, sent to the Gouernour, vsing great perswasions with him, not to
take in salt there, saying that hee knew not well whether the same were
the place or not: also, that if the Pinnesse went into the Bay, she could
not without great danger come backe, till the next day at night, and that
if in the meane time any storme should rise, the Admirall were in danger
to bee cast away. Whilest he was thus perswading, he caused the lead to be
cast, and hauing craftily brought the shippe in three fadome and a halfe
water, he suddenly began to sweare, and teare God in pieces, dissembling
great danger, crying to him at the helme, beare vp hard, beare vp hard, so
we went off, and were disappointed of our salt, by his meanes.

The next day sayling along the west end of S. Iohn, the (M315) Gouernour
determined to go aland in S. Germans Bay, to gather yong plants of
Orenges, Pines, Mameas, and Plantanos, to set at Virginia, which we knew
might easily be had, for that they grow neere the shore, and the places
where they grew, well known to the Gouernour, and some of the planters:
but our Simon denied it, saying: he would come to an anker at Hispaniola,
and there land the Gouernour, and some other of the Assistants, with the
pinnesse, to see if he could speake with his friend Alanson, of whom he
hoped to be furnished both of cattell, and all such things as we would
haue taken in at S. Iohn: but he meant nothing lesse, as it plainely did
appeare to vs afterwards.

The next day after, being the third of Iuly, we saw Hispaniola, and bare
with the coast all that day, looking still when the pinnesse should be
prepared to goe for the place where Ferdinando his friend Alanson was: but
that day passed, and we saw no preparation for landing in Hispaniola.

The 4. of Iuly, sayling along the coast of Hispaniola, vntill the next day
at noone, and no preparation yet seene for the staying there, we hauing
knowledge that we were past the place where Alanson dwelt, and were come
with Isabella: hereupon Ferdinando was asked by the Gouernour, whether he
meant to speake with Alanson, for the taking in of cattell, and other
things, according to his promise, or not: but he answered that he was now
past the place, and that Sir Walter Ralegh told him, the French Ambassador
certified him, that the king of Spaine had sent for Alanson into Spaine:
wherefore he thought him dead, and that it was to no purpose to touch
there in any place, at this voyage.

The next day we left sight of Hispaniola, and haled off for Virginia,
about foure of the clocke in the afternoone.

The sixt day of Iuly we came to the Island Caycos, wherein Ferdinando sayd
were two salt pondes, assuring vs that if they were drie we might find
salt to shift with, vntill the next supply: but it prooued as true as
finding of sheepe at Baque. In this Island, whilest Ferdinando solaced
himselfe ashore, with one of the company, in part of the Island, others
spent the latter part of that day in other parts of the Iland, some to
seeke the salt ponds, some fowling, some hunting Swans, whereof we caught
many. The next day early in the morning we weyed anker, leauing Caycos,
with good hope, that the first land that we saw next should be Virginia.

About the 16 of Iuly we fel with the maine of Virginia, which Simon
Ferdinando tooke to be the Island of Croatoan, where we came to anker, and
rode there two or three dayes: but finding himselfe deceiued, he weyed,
and bare along the coast, where in the night, had not Captaine Stafford
bene more carefull in looking out, then our Simon Ferdinando, we had bene
all cast away vpon the breach, called the Cape of Feare, for we were come
within two cables length vpon it: such was the carelesnes, and ignorance
of our Master.

The two and twentieth of Iuly wee arriued safe at Hatorask, where our ship
and pinnesse ankered: (M316) the Gouernour went aboord the pinnesse
accompanied with fortie of his best men, intending to passe vp to Roanoak
foorthwith, hoping there to finde those fifteene Englishmen, which Sir
Richard Grinuile had left there the yeere before, with whom he meant to
haue conference, concerning the state of the Countrey, and Sauages,
meaning after he had so done, to returne againe to the fleete, and passe
along the coast, to the Bay of Chesepiok where we intended to make our
seate and forte, according to the charge giuen us among other directions
in writing, vnder the hande of Sir Walter Ralegh: but assoone as we were
put with our pinnesse from the ship, a Gentleman by the meanes of
Ferdinando, who was appointed to returne for England, called to the
sailers in the pinnesse, charging them not to bring any of the planters
backe again, but to leaue them in the Island, except the Gouernour, and
two or three such as he approued, saying that the Summer was farre spent,
wherefore hee would land all the planters in no other place. Vnto this
were all the saylers, both in the pinnesse, and shippe, perswaded by the
Master, wherefore it booted not the Gouernour to contend with them, but
passed to Roanoak, and the same night at sunne-set went aland on the
Island, in the place where our fifteene men were left, but we found none
of them, nor any signe that they had bene there, sauing onely wee found
the bones of one of those fifteene, which the Sauages had slaine long
before.

The three and twentieth of Iuly the Gouernour with diuers of his company,
walked to the North ende of the Island, where Master Ralfe Lane had his
forte, with sundry necessary and decent dwelling houses, made by his men
about it the yeere before, where wee hoped to find some signes, or
certaine knowledge of our fifteene men. When we came thither, we found the
fort rased downe, but all the houses standing vnhurt, sauing that the
neather roomes of them, and also of the forte, were ouergrowen with Melons
of diuers sortes, and Deere within them, feeding on those Melons: so wee
returned to our company, without hope of euer seeing any of the fifteene
men liuing.

The same day order was giuen, that euery man should be employed for the
repayring of those houses, which wee found standing, and also to make
other new Cottages, for such as should neede.

The 25 our Flyboate and the rest of our planters arriued all safe at
Hatoraske, to the great ioy and comfort of the whole company: but the
Master of our Admirall Ferdinando grieued greatly at their safe comming:
for hee purposely left them in the Bay of Portugal, and stole away from
them in the night, hoping that the Master thereof, whose name was Edward
Spicer, for that he neuer had bene in Virginia, would hardly finde the
place, or els being left in so dangerous a place as that was, by meanes of
so many men of warre, as at that time were abroad, they should surely be
taken, or slaine: but God disappointed his wicked pretenses.

The eight and twentieth, George Howie, one of our twelue Assistants was
slaine by diuers Sauages, which were come ouer to Roanoak, either of
purpose to espie our company, and what we were, or else to hunt Deere,
whereof were many in the Island. These Sauages being secretly hidden among
high reedes, where oftentimes they find the Deere asleep, and so kill
them, espied our man wading in the water alone, almost naked, without any
weapon, saue only a smal forked sticke, catching Crabs therewithall, and
also being strayed two miles from his company, and shot at him in the
water, where they gaue him sixteen wounds with their arrowes: and after
they had slaine him with their woodden swords, they beat his head in
pieces, and fled ouer the water to the maine.

On the thirtieth of Iuly Master Stafford and twenty of our men passed by
water to the Island of Croatoan, with Manteo, who had his mother, and many
of his kindred dwelling in that Island, of whom wee hoped to vnderstand
some newes of our fifteene men, but especially to learne the disposition
of the people of the countrey toward vs, and to renew our old friendship
with them. At our first landing they seemed as though they would fight
with vs: but perceiuing vs begin to march with our shot towardes them,
they turned their backes, and fled. Then Manteo their countrey man called
to them in their owne language, whom, assoone as they heard, they
returned, and threwe away their bowes and arrowes, and some of them came
vnto vs, embracing and entertaining vs friendly, desiring vs not to gather
or spill any of their corne, for that they had but little. We answered
them, that neither their corne, nor any other thing of theirs, should be
diminished by any of vs, and that our comming was onely to renew the old
loue, that was betweene vs and them at the first, and to liue with them as
brethren and friends: which answer seemed to please them well, wherefore
they requested vs to walke vp to their Towne, who there feasted vs after
their maner; and desired vs earnestly, that there might bee some token or
badge giuen them of vs, whereby we might know them to be our friends, when
we met them any where out of the Towne or Island. They told vs further,
that for want of some such badge, diuers of them were hurt the yeere
before, being found out of the Island by Master Lane his company, whereof
they shewed vs one, which at that very instant lay lame, and had lien of
that hurt euer since: but they sayd, they knew our men mistooke them, and
hurt them instead of Winginos men, wherefore they held vs excused.



August.


The next day we had conference further with them, concerning the peopie of
Secotan, Aquascogoc, and Pomeiok, willing them of Croatoan to certifie the
people of those townes, that if they would accept our friendship, we would
willingly receiue them againe, and that all vnfriendly dealings past on
both parts, should be vtterly forgiuen and forgotten. To this the chiefe
men of Croatoan answered, that they would gladly doe the best they could,
and within seuen dayes, bring the Wiroances and chiefe Gouernours of those
townes with them, to our Gouernour at Roanoak, or their answere. We also
vnderstood of the men of Croatoan, that our man Master Howe was slaine by
the remnant of Winginos men dwelling then at Dasamonguepeuk, with whom
Wanchese kept companie: and also we vnderstood by them of Croatoan, how
that the 15 Englishmen left at Roanoak the yeere before, by Sir Richard
Grinuile, were suddenly set vpon, by 30 of the men of Secota, Aquascogoc,
and Dasamonguepeuk in manner following. They conueyed themselues secretly
behind the trees, neere the houses where our men carelesly liued: and
hauing perceiued that of those fifteene they could see but eleuen onely,
two of those Sauages appeared to the 11 Englishmen calling to them by
friendly signes, that but two of their chiefest men should come vnarmed to
speake with those two Sauages, who seemed also to be vnarmed. Wherefore
two of the chiefest of our Englishmen went gladly to them: but whilest one
of those Sauages traiterously imbraced one of our men, the other with his
sworde of wood, which he had secretly hidden vnder his mantell, strooke
him on the heade and slew him, and presently the other eight and twentie
Sauages shewed them selues: the other Englishman perceiuing this, fled to
his company, whom the Sauages pursued with their bowes, and arrowes, so
fast, that the Englishmen were forced to take the house, wherein all their
victuall, and weapons were: but the Sauages foorthwith set the same on
fire: by meanes wherof our men were forced to take vp such weapons as came
first to hand, and without order to runne forth among the Sauages, with
whom they skirmished aboue an howre. In this skirmish another of our men
was shotte into the mouth with an arrow, where hee died: and also one of
the Sauages was shot into the side by one of our men, with a wild fire
arrow, whereof he died presently. The place where they fought was of great
aduantage to the Sauages, by meanes of the thicke trees, behinde which the
Sauages through their nimblenes, defended themselues, and so offended our
men with their arrowes, that our men being some of them hurt, retyred
fighting to the water side, where their boat lay, with which they fled
towards Hatorask. By that time they had rowed but a quarter of a mile,
they espied their foure fellowes coming from a creeke thereby, where they
had bene to fetch Oysters: these foure they receiued into their boate,
leauing Roanoak, and landed on a little Island on the right hand of our
entrance into the harbour of Hatorask, where they remayned a while, but
afterward departed, whither as yet we know not.

Hauing nowe sufficiently dispatched our businesse at Croatoan, the same
day we departed friendly, taking our leaue, and came aboord the fleete at
Hatorask.

The eight of August, the Gouernour hauing long expected the comming of the
Wiroanses of Pomeiok, Aquascogoc, Secota, and Dasamonguepeuk, seeing that
the seuen dayes were past, within which they promised to come in, or to
send their answeres by the men of Croatoan, and no tidings of them heard,
being certainly also informed by those men of Croatoan, that the remnant
of Wingina his men, which were left aliue, who dwelt at Dasamonquepeuk,
were they which had slaine George Howe, and were also at the driving of
our eleuen Englishmen from Roanoak, hee thought to deferre the reuenge
thereof no longer. Wherefore the same night about midnight, he passed ouer
the water, accompanied with Captaine Stafford, and 24 men, wherof Manteo
was one, whom we tooke with vs to be our guide to the place where those
Sauages dwelt, where he behaued himselfe toward vs as a most faithfull
Englishman.

The next day, being the 9 of August, in the morning so early that it was
yet darke, we landed neere the dwelling place of our enemies, and very
secretly conueyed our selues through the woods, to that side, where we had
their houses betweene vs and the water: and hauing espied their fire, and
some sitting about it, we presently set on them: the miserable soules
herewith amazed, fled into a place of thicke reedes, growing fast by,
where our men perceiuing them, shot one of them through the bodie with a
bullet, and therewith we entered the reedes, among which we hoped to
acquite their euill doing towards vs, but we were deceiued, for those
Sauages were our friends, and were come from Croatoan to gather the corne
and fruit of that place, because they vnderstood our enemies were fled
immediatly after they had slaine George Howe, and for haste had left all
their corne. Tobacco, and Pompions standing in such sont, that al had bene
deuoured of the birds, and Deere, if it had not bene gathered in time: but
they had like to haue payd deerely for it: for it was so darke, that they
being naked, and their men and women apparelled all so like others, wee
knew not but that they were al men: and if that one of them which was a
Wiroances wife had not had a child at her backe, shee had bene slaine in
stead of a man, and as hap was, another Sauage knew master Stafford, and
ran to him, calling him by his name, whereby hee was saued. Finding our
selues thus disappointed of our purpose, we gathered al the corne, Pease,
Pompions, and Tobacco that we found ripe, leauing the rest vnspoyled, and
tooke Menatoan his wife, with the yong child, and the other Sauages with
vs ouer the water to Roanoak. Although the mistaking of these Sauages
somewhat grieued Manteo, yet he imputed their harme to their owne folly,
saying to them, that if their Wiroances had kept their promise in comming
to the Gouernour at the day appointed, they had not knowen that mischance.

The 13 of August our Sauage Manteo, by the commandement of Sir Walter
Ralegh, was christened in Roanoak, and called Lord thereof, and of
Dasamonguepeuk, in reward of his faithfull seruices.

The 18 Elenor, daughter to the Gouernour, and wife to Ananias Dare one of
the Assistants, was deliuered of a daughter in Roanoak, and the same was
christened there the Sonday following, and because this child was the
first Christian borne in Virginia, shee was named Virginia. By this time
our ships had vnladen the goods and victuals of the planters; and began to
take in wood, and fresh water, and to new calke and trimme them for
England: the planters also prepared their letters and tokens to send backe
into England.

Our two ships, the Lion and the Flyboat almost ready to depart, the 21 of
August, there arose such a tempest at Northeast, that our Admirall then
riding out of the harbour, was forced to cut his cables, and put to sea,
where he lay beating off and on sixe dayes before he could come to vs
againe so that we feared he had bene cast away, and the rather for that at
the time that the storme tooke them, the most and best of their sailers
were left aland.

At this time some controuersies arose betweene the Gouernour and
Assistants, about choosing two out of the twelue Assistants, which should
goe backe as factors for the company into England: for euery one of them
refused, saue onely one, which all other thought not sufficient: but at
length by much perswading of the Gouernour, Christopher Cooper only agreed
to goe for England: but the next day, through the perswasion of diuers of
his familiar friends, hee changed his minde, so that now the matter stood
as at the first.

The next day, the 22 of August, the whole company both of the Assistants
and planters came to the Gouernour, and with one voice requested him to
returne himselfe into England, for the better and sooner obtaining of
supplies, and other necessaries for them: but he refused it, and alleaged
many sufficient causes, why he would not: the one was, that he could not
so suddenly returne backe againe without his great discredite, leauing the
action, and so many whome hee partly had procured through his perswasions,
to leaue their natiue countrey, and vndertake that voyage, and that some
enemies to him and the action at his returne into England would not spare
to slander falsly both him and the action, by saying, hee went to
Virginia, but politikely, and to no other end but to leade so many into a
countrey, in which hee neuer meant to stay himselfe, and there to leaue
them behind him. (M317) Also he alleaged, that seeing they intended to
remoue 50 miles further vp into the maine presently, he being then absent,
his stuffe and goods might be both spoiled, and most of them pilfered away
in the cariage, so that at his returne he should be either forced to
prouide himselfe of all suche things againe, or else at his comming againe
to Virginia find himselfe vtterly vnfurnished, whereof already he had
found some proofe, being but once from them but three dayes. Wherefore he
concluded that he would not goe himselfe.

The next day, not onely the Assistants but diuers others, as well women as
men, began to renew their requests to the Gouernour againe, to take vpon
him to returne into England for the supply, and dispatch of all such
things as there were to be done, promising to make him their bond vnder
all their handes and seales for the safe preseruing of all his goods for
him at his returne to Virginia, so that if any part thereof was spoyled or
lost, they would see it restored to him, or his Assignes, whensoever the
same should be missed and demanded: which bond, with a testimony vnder
their hands and seales, they foorthwith made, and deliuered into his
hands. The copie of the testimony I thought good to set downe.

“May it please you, her Maiesties subjects of England, we your friends and
countrey-men, the planters in Virginia, doe by these presents let you and
euery of you to vnderstand, that for the present and speedy supply of
certaine our knowen and apparent lackes and needes, most requisite and
necessary for the good and happy planting of vs, or any other in this land
of Virginia, wee all of one minde and consent, haue most earnestly
intreated, and vncessantly requested Iohn White, Gouernour of the planters
in Virginia, to passe into England, for the better and more assured help,
and setting forward of the foresayd supplies: and knowing assuredly that
he both can best, and wil labour and take paines in that behalfe for vs
all, and he not once, but often refusing it, for our sakes, and for the
honour and maintenance of the action, hath at last, though much against
his will, through our importunacie, yeelded to leaue his gouernement, and
all his goods among vs and himselfe in all our behalfes to passe into
England, of whose knowledge and fidelitie in handling this matter, as all
others, we doe assure ourselues by these presents, and will you to giue
all credite thereunto, the 25 of August 1587.”

The Gouernour being at the last through their extreame intreating
constrayned to returne into England, hauing then but halfe a dayes respite
to prepare himselfe for the same, departed from Roanoak the seuen and
twentieth of August in the morning and the same day about midnight, came
aboord the Flieboat, who already had weyed anker, and rode without the
barre, the Admirall riding by them, who but the same morning was newly
come thither againe. The same day both ships weyed anker, and set saile
for England: at this weying their ankers, twelue of the men which were in
the Flyboate were throwen from the Capstone, which by meanes of a barre
that brake, came so fast about them, that the other two barres thereof
strooke and hurt most of them so sore, that some of them neuer recouered
it; neuerthelesse they assayed presently againe to wey their anker, but
being so weakened with the first fling, they were not able to weye it, but
were throwen downe and hurt the second time. Wherefore hauing in all but
fifteene men aboord, and most of them by this vnfortunate beginning so
bruised, and hurt, they were forced to cut their Cable, and leese their
anker. Neuerthelesse, they kept company with the Admirall, vntill the
seuenteenth of September, at which time wee fell with Coruo, and sawe
Flores.



September.


The eighteenth, perceiuing that of all our fifteene men in the Flyboat
there remained but fiue, which by meanes of the former mischance, were
able to stand to their labour: and that the Admirall meant not to make any
haste for England but to linger about the Island of Tercera for purchase:
the Flyboate departed for England with letters, where we hoped by the
helpe of God to arriue shortly: but by that time we had continued our
course homeward about twentie dayes, hauing had sometimes scarse and
variable windes, our fresh water also by leaking almost consumed there
arose a storme at Northeast, which for sixe dayes ceased not to blowe so
exceeding, that we were driuen further in those sixe then we could recouer
in thirteene daies: in which time others of our saylers began to fall very
sicke and two of them dyed, the weather also continued so close, that our
Master sometimes in foure dayes together could see neither sunne nor
starre, and all the beuerage we could make, with stinking water, dregs of
beere, and lees of wine which remayned, was but three gallons, and
therefore nowe we expected nothing but famine to perish at Sea.



October.


(M318) The 16 of October we made land, but we knewe not what land it was,
bearing in with the same land at that day: about sunne set we put into a
harbour, where we found a Hulke of Dublin, and a pinnesse of Hampton(103)
riding, but we knew not as yet what place this was, neither had we any
boate to goe ashore, vntill the pinnesse sent off their boate to vs with 6
or 8 men, of whom wee vnderstood wee were in Smerwick in the West parts of
Ireland: they also relieued vs presently with fresh water, wine and other
fresh meate.

The 18 the Gouernour and the Master ryd to Dingen a Cushe,(104) 5 miles
distant, to take order for the new victualing of our Flieboat for England,
and for reliefe of our sicke and hurt men, but within foure daies after
the Boatswain, the Steward, and the Boatswains mate died aboord the
Flieboat, and the 28 the Masters mate and two of our chiefs sailers were
brought sicke to Dingen.



Nouember.


The first the Gouernour shipped himselfe in a ship called the Monkie,
which at that time was ready to put to sea from Dingen for England,
leauing the Flyboat and all his companie in Ireland. The same day we set
sayle, and on the third day we fell with the North side of the lands end
and were shut vp the Seuerne, but the next day we doubled the same for
Mounts Bay.

The 5 the Gouernour landed in England at Martasew, neere Saint Michaels
mount in Cornewall.

The 8 we arriued at Hampton, where we vnderstood that our consort the
Admirall was come to Portsmouth, and had bene there three weekes before:
and also that Ferdinando the Master with all his company were not onely
come home without purchase, but also in such weaknesse by sicknesse, and
death of their chiefest men, that they were scarse able to bring their
ship into harbour, but were forced to let fall anker without, which they
could not wey againe, but might all haue perished there, if a small barke
by a great hap had not come to them to helpe them. The names of the chiefe
men that died are these, Roger Large, Iohn Mathew, Thomas Smith, and some
other saylers, whose names I knew not at the writing hereof. An. Dom.
1587.
