TEXT: Richard Hakluyt, Epistle Dedicatorie 'To the right honourable, the right worshipfull Counsellors, and others the cheerefull adventurors for the advancement of that Christian and noble Plantation in Virginia', dated 'From my lodging in the Colledge of Westminster, this 15 of Aprill, 1609', prefixed to Virginia richly valued, by the description of the maine land of Florida, her next neighbour (London: Felix Kyngston for Matthew Lownes, 1609; reissued 1611 as The Worthye and Famous History of the Travailes, Discovery, & Conquest of that great Continent of Terra Florida).
SOURCE EDITIONS: (a) The Discovery and Conquest of Terra Florida by Don Ferdinando de Soto..., ed. William B. Rye, Hakluyt Society 1st ser. no. 9 (London, 1851), pp. 1-7 (reprint from the 1611 issue; original spelling; the italic type of the original is lost in OCR); (b) OCR of the 1609 original, John Carter Brown Library copy (blackletter/roman, garbled).
URLS FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/discoveryconques00ryewrich/discoveryconques00ryewrich_djvu.txt ; https://archive.org/download/virginiarichlyva00knig/virginiarichlyva00knig_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

----- (a) Rye 1851, pp. 1-7 -----
in  Paules  Church-yard,  at  the  Signe  of 
the  Bishops  head.     1611. 


THE    EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE. 


TO    THE    RIGHT    HONOURABLE,     THE    RIGHT 

Worshipfull    Counsellors,    and    others    the    cheerfull 

adventurors,  for  the  advancement  of  that  Christian 

and  noble  Plantation  in  Virginia. 

THIS  worhe,  right  honourable,  right  loorshipfnll,  and  the 
rest,  though  small  in  shew  yet  great  in  substance,  doth  yeeld 
much  light  to  our  enterprise  now  on  foot ;  whether  you  desire 
to  hnoio  the  present  and  future  commodities  of  our  cotmtrie  ; 
or  the  qualities  and  co7iditions  of  the  inhabitants,  or  ivhat 
course  is  best  to  be  taken  with  them. 

Touching  the  commodities,  besides  the  generall  report  of 
Cabe^a  de  Vaca^  to  Charles  the  Emperour  ( who  first  travelled 
through  a  great  part  of  the  Inlcmcl  of  Florida,  next  adjoining 
upon  our  Virginia)  That  Florida  was  the  richest  countrie  of 
the  world ;  and,  that  after  hee  had  found  clothes  made  of 
cotton  wooU,  he  saw  gold  and  silver,  and  stones  of  great 
value  :  I  refer  re  you  first  to  the  rich  mines  of  gold  reported  cimp.  35. 
to  be  in  the  province  of  Yupaha,  and  described  in  the  twelfth 
chaptter  of  this  Treatise  to  come  icithin  our  limits.  And 
againe,  to  the  copper  hatchets  found  in  Cutifachiqui,  standing 
upon  the  River  of  Santa  Helena,  which  were  said  to  have  a 
mixture  of  gold.     It  seemeth  also  that  the  last  chronicler  of 

'  See  also  chap.  ii. 

B 


THE    EPISTLE 


the  JVest  Indies,  Antonio  de  Herrcra,  speahing  of  the  foresaid 
lliver  of  Santa  Helena,  icliich  standeth  in  32  degrees  and 
an  halfe,  alhideth  to  the  province  of  Yupaha,  in  these  icords  : 

^cirniV*^  Ycl  oro,  y  plata,  que  hallaron,  no  era  de  aquella  tierra,  sino 
dc  60  leguas,  a  dcntro  al  nortc,  de  los  pueblos  dichos  Ota- 
pales  J  Olagatanos,  adonde  so  intiende,  que  ay  minas  de  oro, 
plata,  y  cobre.  That  is  to  sag,  that  the  gold  and  silver  tohich 
they  found,  was  not  of  that  coimtrie  {of  Santa  Helena),  hut 
60  leagues  distant  towards  the  north,  of  the  townes  called 
Otapales  and  Olagatanos,  tvhere  we  understand  that  there 
are  mines  of  gold,  silver,  and  copper.  By  which  reckoning 
these  rich  mines  are  in  the  latitude  of  35  degrees  and  afi 
hcdfe.    I  desire  you  likewise  to  take  knoidedge  of  the  famous 

ciinp.  15.  golden  province  of  Chisca,  stretching  further  to  the  north, 
xohereof  the  cacique  of  Coste  gave  notice  to  Ferdinando  de 
Soto,  in  the  towne  o/Cliiaha,  affirming,  that  there  were  mines 
of  copper,  and  of  another  mettall  of  the  same  colour,  save 
that  it  teas  finer,  and  of  a  farre  more  perfect  lustre,  and 
farre  better  in  sight,  and  that  they  used  it  not  so  much, 
because  it  teas  softer.  A?id  the  selfe  same  thing  was  before 
told  the  governour  in  Cutifacliiqui :  who  sent  two  Cliristians 
from  Chiaha,  with  certaine  Indians  which  knew  the  countrie 
of  Cbisca,  and  the  language  thereof,  to  vieio  it,  and  to  make 

Chap.  23.  report  of  that  which  they  shoidd finde.  We  likeioise  reade 
not  long  after,  that  the  governour  set  forward  to  seeke  a  pro- 
vince called  Pacaha,  ivhich  hee  was  informed  to  he  neere 
unto  Chisca,  where  the  Indians  told  him  that  there  was  gold. 

ci.ap.  24.  ^^^  in  another  place  hee  saith  :  That  from  Pacaha  hee  sent 
thirtie  horsemen  and  fif tie  footmen  to  the  province  o/Caluca, 
to  see  if  from  thence  he  might  travell  to  Chisca,  where  the 
Indians  said,  there  was  a  worke  of  gold  and  copper.  So  that 
here  is  foure  times  mention,  and  that  in  sundrie  places,  of 
the  rich  and  famous  golde  mines  of  Chisca,  and  that  they  lie 
beyond  the  mountaines  towards  the  7iorth,  over  which  they 
were  not  able  to  travell  for  the  roughness  thereof.     But  what 


DEDICATORIE.  3 

neede  I  to  stand  upon  forren  testimonies^  since  Master  Thomas 
Heriot/  a  man  of  much  judgement  in  these  causes,  signified 
unto  you  all,  at  your  late  solemne  meeting  at  the  house  of  the 
right  honourable  the  Earle  of  Exeter^'  hoio  to  the  southivest 
of  our  old  fort  in  Virginia,  the  Indiayis  often  informed  him, 
that  there  was  a  great  melting  of  red  mettall,  reporting  the 
mariner  in  ivorking  of  the  same.     Besides,  our  oivne  Indians 

1  Thomas  Hariot,  or  Harriot,  the  emmeiit  mathematician  and  astro- 
nomer ;  born  1560,  died  1621.  He  was  mathematical  tutor  to  Sir 
Walter  Raleigh  ;  and  in  1585  accompanied  the  first  party  of  colo- 
nists to  Virginia.  Here  he  was  "imployed  in  the  discovery  and  sur- 
veying thereof,  and  in  making  what  knowledge  he  could  of  the  commo- 
dities it  yielded,  and  concerning  the  inhabitants,  and  their  manners  and 
customs."  Three  years  later,  he  published  the  result  of  his  labours  in  a 
small  quarto  volume,  bearing  the  following  title  :  "  A  briefe  and  true 
Report  of  the  new  found  land  of  Virginia  .  .  .  discovered  by  the  English 
colony  there  seated  by  Sii*  Richard  Greinuile,  knight,  in  the  yeere  1585, 
which  remained  under  the  government  of  Rafe  Lane,  Esquier,  one  of  her 
maiesties  equieres,  during  the  space  of  twelve  monethes,  at  the  speciall 
charge  and  direction  of  the  Honourable  Sir*  Walter  Raleigh.  By  Thomas 
Hariot,  servant  to  the  above  named  Sir  Walter,  a  member  of  the  colony, 
and  there  imployed  in  discovering."  This  account  was  republished  in 
1590,  in  folio,  by  the  celebrated  Frankfort  engraver,  Theodor  de  Bry, 
who  added,  as  he  says  in  his  Dedication  to  Sir  Walter,  "figures,  cott  in 
copper,  which  doe  leuelye  represent  the  forme  and  maner  of  the  inha- 
bitants of  the  same  countrye,  Avith  theirs  ceremonies,  soUemne  feastes, 
and  the  manner  and  situation  of  their  townes  or  villages."  Hakluyt,  it 
seems,  was  the  first  to  encourage  him  to  publish  the  work,  and  he 
also  supplied  him  with  the  descriptions  to  accompany  his  plates.  In 
his  preface  to  the  "  gentle  reader",  De  Bry  says  :  "  consideringe  therefore 
that  yt  v/as  a  thinge  worthie  of  admiration,  I  was  verye  willinge  to  ofier 
vnto  you  the  true  pictures  of  those  people  wich  by  the  helf  of  Maister 
Richard  Hakluyt  of  Oxford,  minister  of  God's  word,  who  first  incouraged 
me  to  publish  the  worke,  I  creaued  out  of  the  verye  original  of  Maister 
Jhon  White,  an  Englisch  paynter,  who  was  sent  into  the  contrye  by  the 
queenes  maiestye,  onlye  to  draw  the  description  of  the  place,  lyuelye  to 
describe  the  shapes  of  the  inhabitants,  their  apparell,  manners  of  liuingeand 
fashions,  att  the  speciall  charges  of  the  worthy  knight  Sir  Walter  Ralegh, 
who  bestowed  no  small  sume  of  monnyo  in  the  serche  and  discouerye  of 
that  countrye  from  te  yeers  1584  to  the  ende  of  the  years  1588." 

2  Thomas  Cecil,  second  Lord  Burleigh,  created  Earl  of  Exeter  in 
1605  ;  died  in  1622. 


^  THE    EPISTLE 

have  lately  revealed  either  this  or  another  rich  mine  of  copper 
or  gold,  in  a  toivne  called  Ritanoe,  7ieere  certaine  mountaines 
lying  west  of  Roanoac. 

Another  very  gainfidl  commoditie  is,  the  huge  quantitie  of 
excellent  perles,  and  little  hahies  and  birds  made  of  them, 
that  10  ere  found  in  Cutifacliiqui.  The  ahundance  whereof  is 
reported  to  he  such,  that  if  they  would  have  searched  divers 
chiip.  14.  graves  in  townes  thereabout,  they  might  have  laded  many  of 
their  horses.  Neither  are  the  Turkic  stones  and  cotton  tvooll 
found  at  Guasco^  to  he  forgotten,  ?ior  passed  over  in  silence. 

But  that,  ivhich  I  make  no  small  account  of,  is,  the  mid- 
titude  of  oxen,  which,  from  the  heginning  of  the  16  to  the 
end  of  the  ^6  chapter,  are  nine  several  times  made  mention 
of ;  and  that  cdong  from  Chialia,  Coste,  Pacalia^  Coligoa,  and 
TuUa,  still  totcard  the  north,  to  wit,  toivard  us,  there  was 
such  store  of  them,  that  they  could  keepe  no  come  for  them  ; 
and  that  the  Indians  lived  upon  their  flesh.  The  haire  of 
these  oxen  is  likeioise  said  to  he  like  a  soft  tvooll,  hetweene  the 
coarse  and  fine  tvooll  of  sheepe  ;  and  that  they  use  them  for 
coverlets,  because  they  are  very  soft  and  woolled  like  sheep  ; 
and  not  so  onely,  but  they  make  bootes,  shooes,  targets,  and 
other  things  necessarie  of  the  same.  Besides  the  foriner 
benefits,  their  young  ones  may  be  framed  to  the  yoke,  for 
carting  and  tillage  of  our  ground.  And  I  am  in  good  hope, 
that  ere  it  be  long  tve  shall  have  notice  of  their  being  neerer 
us,  by  that  tvhich  I  reade  in  the  Italian  relation  of  Cabcya 
de  Vaca/  the  first  finder  of  them ;  which  writeth.  That  they 
spread  themselves  within  the  countrie  above  foure  hundred 
leagues.  Moreover,  Yasques  de  Coronado,  and  long  after 
him,  Antonio  de  Espejo  ftvhose  voiages  arc  at  large  in  my 
third  volume^ J ,  travelled  many  leagues  among  these  heards  of 

^  See  chap,  xxxiv  and  xxxr. 
"  See  Ramusio  Navigationi,  torn.  iii. 

'  The  titles  of  the  works  refeiTed  to  by  Hakluyt  are  as  follows : — 1.  "The 
Relation  of  Francis  Vas(;iucz  de  Coronado,  captaine  generall  of  the  people 


DEDICATUKIE.  5 

oxen^  and  found  them  from  33  degrees  ranging  very  far  re  to 
the  north  and  7iortheast. 

A  fourth  chiefe  commoditie  wee  may  accotmt  to  he  the 
great  number  of  mulherrie  trees,  apt  to  feede  silhe-ioormes  to 
mahe  silke  :  tvhereof  there  was  such  plentie  in  mamj  places, 
that,  though  they  found  some  hempe  in  the  countrie,  the 
Spaniards  made  ropes  of  the  harks  of  them  for  their  hrigan- 
dines,  when  they  were  to  put  to  sea  for  Nova  Hispania.^ 

A  fifth  is  the  excellent  and  perfect  colours,  as  black,  white, 
greene,  yellow,  and  red,  and  the  materials  to  dye  toithall,  so 
often  spoken  of  in  this  discourse :  among  which,  I  have  some 
hope  to  bring  you  to  the  knoivledge  of  the  rich  graine  of 
Cochonillio,  so  much  esteemed,  aiid  of  so  great  price.  I  speake 
nothing  of  the  sever  all  sorts  of  passing  good  grapes  for  wine 
and  raisons. 

Neither  is  it  the  least  benefit,  that  they  found  salt  made  by  chap.sKtsa 
the  Indians  at  Cayas,  and  in  two  places  of  the  provitice  of 
Aguacay :  the  manner  also  hoiv  the  inhabitants  make  it,  is 
very  well  ivorth  the  observation. 

One  of  the  chief  est  of  all  the  rest  may  be  the  notice  of  the  chap.suts^ 
South  Sea,  leading  us  to  Japan  and  China,  tvhich   I  finde 

whicli  were  sent  in  the  name  of  the  emperoiirs  majestie  to  the  countrey 
of  Cibok,  newly  discovered,  which  he  sent  to  Don  Antonio  de  Mendo§a, 
viceroy  of  Mexico,  of  such  things  as  happened  in  his  voyage  from  the  22  of 
Aprill  in  the  yeere  1540,  which  departed  from  Culiacan  forward ;  and  of  such 
things  as  hee  found  in  the  countrey  which  he  passed."  (Vol.  iii,  p.  373.) 
2.  "  A  briefe  relation  of  two  notable  voyages  ;  the  first,  made  by  frier 
Augustin  Ruys,  a  Franciscan,  in  the  yeere  1581  ;  the  second  by  Antonio 
de  Espejo  in  the  yeere  1583  ;  who,  together  with  his  company,  discouered 
a  land  wherein  they  found  fifteene  provinces  all  full  of  townes,  conteining 
houses  of  foure  and  five  stories  high,  which  they  named  New  Mexico  ; 
for  that,  in  many  respects,  it  resembleth  the  province  of  old  Mexico. 
This  land  is  situate  to  the  north  of  Nueva  Espanna,  and  stretcheth  from 
24  to  34  degrees  and  better  ;  by  the  which,  and  by  other  inhabited  lands, 
it  is  thought  that  men  may  travell  even  to  Terra  de  Labrador.  Taken 
out  of  the  history  of  China,  written  by  Frier  Juan  Gonzalez  de  Mendoca, 
and  printed  in  Madrid,  1586."  (Vol.  iii,  p.  383.) 
'  Kew  Spain  or  Mexico. 


6  THE    EPISTLE 

here  twice  to  he  spoken  of.  Whereof  long  since  I  have 
written  a  discourse,  which  I  thinke  not  fit  to  he  mcide  over 
common. 

For  closing  up  this  point,  the  distances  of  places,  the 
qualities  of  the  soiles,  the  situations  of  the  regions,  the 
diversities  and  goodnesse  of  the  fruits,  the  severall  sorts  of 
heasts,  the  varietie  of  fowles,  the  difference  hetweene  the  inha- 
hitants  of  the  mountaines  and  the  plaines,  and  the  riches  of 
the  inland  in  comparison  of  the  sea-coast,  are  judicially  set 
doivne  in  the  conclusion  of  this  hooke,  whereunto  for  mine 
owne  ease  I  refer  re  you. 

To  come  to  the  second  generall  head,  which  in  the  hegin- 
ning  I  proposed,  concerning  the  manners  and  dispositions  of 
the  inhabitants  ;  among  other  things,  I finde  them  here  noted 
to  he  very  eloquent  and  well  spoken,  as  the  short  orations, 
interpreted  by  John  Ortiz,  which  lived  twelve  yeeres  amoyig 
them,  make  sufficient  p>roofe.  And  the  author,  which  teas  a 
gentleman  of  Eluas,  in  Portugal,  emploied  in  all  the  action, 
whose  name  is  not  set  doivne,  speaking  of  the  cacique  of 
Tulla,  saith,  that  as  ivell  this  cacique,  as  the  others,  and  all 
those  which  came  to  the  Governour  on  their  behalf e,  delivered 
their  message  or  speech  in  so  good  order,  that  no  oratour 
could  utter  the  same  more  eloquently.  But  for  all  their  f aire 
and  cu7ining  speeches,  they  are  not  overmuch  to  he  trusted, 
for  they  he  the  greatest  traitors  of  the  world,  as  their  mani- 
fold most  craftie  contrived  and  bloody  treasons,  here  set 
down  at  large,  doe  evidently  prove.  They  be  also  as  uncon- 
stant  as  the  wethercock,  and  most  readie  to  take  all  occasions 
of  advantages  to  doe  mischief e.  They  are  great  liars  and 
dissemblers ;  for  ivhich  faults  oftentimes  they  had  their 
deserved  paiments.  And  many  times  they  gave  good  testi- 
monie  of  their  great  valour  and  resolution.  To  handle  them 
gently,  while  gentle  courses  may  he  found  to  serve,  it  will  he 
without  comparison  the  best  ;  but  if  gentle  2^olishing  will  not 
serve,  then  ive  shall  not  want  hammcrours  and  rough  masons 


DEDICATORIE.  7 

enow,  I  meane  our  old  soldiours  trained  up  in  the  Nether- 
lands,  to  square  and  prepare  them  to  our  Preachers  hands. 
To  conclude,  I  trust  by  your  Honours  and  Worships  wise 
instructions  to  the  7iohle  governour,  the  tvorthy  experimented 
hieutenant  and  Admirall,  and  other  chief e  managers  of  the 
businesse,  all  things  shall  be  so  prudently  carried,  that  the 
painfull  Preachers  shall  be  reverenced  and  cherished,  the 
valiant  and  forward  soldiour  respected,  the  diligent  rewarded, 
the  cotoard  emboldened,  the  toeake  and  sick  relieved,  the 
mutinous  suppressed,  the  reputation  of  the  Christians  among 
the  salvages  preserved,  our  most  holy  faith  exalted,  all  pagan- 
isme  and  idolatrie  by  little  and  little  utterly  extinguished. 
And  here  reposing  and  resting  myselfe  upon  this  sweete 
hope,  I  cease,  beseeching  the  Almightie  to  blesse  this  good 
work  in  your  hands  to  the  honour  and  glorie  of  his  most  holy 
name,  to  the  inlargement  of  the  dominions  of  his  sacred 
Maiestie,  and  to  the  generall  good  of  all  the  worthie  adven- 
turers and  undertakers.  From  my  lodging  in  the  Colledge  of 
TVestmifister,  this  15  of  Apr  ill,  1609. 

By  one  ptiblicly  and  anciently  devoted  to  God's 

service,  and  all  yours  in  this  so  good  action, 

RICHARD   HAKLUYT. 


----- (b) 1609 original OCR (JCB copy), the region containing the Ritanoe passage -----
eg ‘é 
‘ iia i) 
iz ‘ 
I Dy 


Bien, 


The Epiftle Dedicatorie. 


nawhich were faid to haue a mixture of gold. It [ecmeth alo 
shat the laft Chronicler of the Weft Indies, Antonio de 
_ Herrera, (peaking of the forefaid. River of Santa Helena, 
: which flandeth in 32.degrees and an halfe, alludeth to the 
Decad.3 lib.%. pronince of Y upaha,za thefe words : Yel oro,y plata,que 
alte hallaron, no erade aquellatierra, fino de 60.leguas, 
adentroal norte, de los pueblos dichos orapales y.Ol4- 
gatanos,adonde fe intiende,que ay: minas.de oro,plata, 
y cobre. That isto fay, That the gold and filuer which they 
found, was not of that countrie (of Santa Helena) but 60. 
leagues diflant toward the North, of the townes called Ota- 
pales amd Olagatanos,where we underfland that there are 
mines of gold, filuer, and copper. By which reckoning thefé 
rich mines are in the latitude of 35.degrees and an balfe. I 
defire you likewife to take knowledge of the famous golden 
pronince of Chifca, firetching further to the North wheres 
Chap.13. of te Cacique of Cofte gane notice to Ferdinando de So- 
to in the towne of Chiaha,affirming,that there were mines 
of copper,and of another mettall of the fame colour, faue that 
itwas finer, and of afarre more perfect lufire, and farre bet- 
teria fight,and that they ufed it not fo much, becaufe it was 
fofter. And the felfefame thing was before told the Gouernour 
an Cutifachiqui: who fent two Chriftians from Chiaha 
with certaine Indians which knew the countrie of Chifca, 
and the language thereof, to view it, and to make report of — 
Chap.23- phat which they fhould finde. We likewife reade not long af- | 
er,that the Gouernour fet forward tofeckea prouince called 
Pacaha, which hee was informed to be neere unto Chitca, 
where the Indians told him, that there was gold. “And in 
Chap.24. another place hee {aith , That from Pacaha hee fent thirtie 
harfemen and fiftie footmensto the proxince of Catu ca, tofee 
if fron thence he might tranell to C hifca,where the Indians 
Said, there wasa morke of gold and copper. So thas here is. 
ie ee ; ie Soure: 


The Epiftie Dedicatorie. 
four times mention, and that in fanctrie places, of the rich 
and famous olde mines of Chifca,and that they lie beyond 
tise mountaines toward the North, ouer which ey were not 
able to tramell for the roughnes thereof. But what neede 110 
frandvpon forren teftimonies, fince Mafler Thomas He: 
Mot, 4 man of much indgement in thefe caufes, fignified un- 
—. toyowall,at your late folemne meeting at the houfeof the right 
——— honcurable she Earle of Exeter, how to the Southweff of our 
old fort in.N ivginia, the Indians often informed him, that 
there was a great melting of red mettall,reporting the man- 
_ ner in working of the fame. Befides, our owne Indians hane 
lately renealed either this or another rich mine of copperor =~ 
gold in atowne called Ritanoe, neere certaine mountaines 
hing Weft of Reanoat.. | 
Another very gainfull commeditie is, the huge quantitie 
__ of excellent perles,and little babies and birds made of them; 
‘that were foundin Curifachiqui. The abundance whereof 
is reported to be (uch, that if they would hane fearched diners Chap.14. 
Sraues ip townes thercabout, they might haue laded many of 
their horfes. Neither are the Turkie ftones and cotton wool: 
found at Guafco tobe forgotten ,nor paffed oner in filence: 
But that, which I make no (mall account of, is,the multi- 
tude of Oxen, which, from: the beginning of the 16.to the 
end of the 26.Chapter,are nine (enerall times made mention 
of, and that along from Chiaha,Cofte, Pacaha,Coligoa, 
and Tulla, (lil toward the North, to wit, toward vs, there 
was (uch flore of them, that they could-kecpe no corne for 
them: and that the Indians lined vpox their flefh.T he haire 
of thee Oxenis likewifefaidto be likea foft wool, betweene 
the courfeand fine wooll of foeepe : and that they vfé then 
for-couerlets,becanfe they are very foft and woolled ike fheep: 
ard not fo onely, bit they make bootes, fhaoes, targets, ana 
osher things nece(farie of the fame. Befides the former bene- 


2 theese, 


a) ae eae. | z'_ = 


The Epiftie Dedicatorie. 


fits, their young ones may be framed tothe yoke, for carting 
and tillage of our ground. And 1 amin good hope, that ere it 
be long we fhall bane notice of their being neerer vs, by that 
which I reade in the Italian relation of Cabeca de Vaca, 
the firft finder of thems which writeth, That they fpread 
themfelues within the countrie aboue foure hundred 
leagues. Moreoner,Vafques de Coronado, andlong af- 
ter him, Antonio de E{pejo (whofe vorages are at larzein 
my third volume ) trauelled many leagues amcng thefé 
beards of Oxen, and found them from 33. degrees ranging 
very farreto the North and Northeaft. : : 
A fourth chiefe commoditie wee may account to bethe 
great number of AMulberrie trees, apt to feede Silke-wormes 
so make filke « whereof therewas fuch plentiein many places, 
shat ,though they found fome hempe in the countrie, the Spa- 
niards made ropes of the barks of them for their brigandines, 
when they were to put to (eafor Noua Hifpania. 7 
A fifth 1s the excellent and perfect colours,as black, white, 
