TEXT: Anon. (Tiger journal), 'The voiage made by Sir Richard Greenuile, for Sir Walter Ralegh, to Virginia, in the yeere 1585', with 'The names of those... that remained one whole yeere in Virginia, vnder the gouernement of M. Ralfe Lane' (Hakluyt 1600, vol. III, pp. 251-254)
GOLDSMID SECTION: XXV (Gutenberg #25645 file lines 10744-11100)
SOURCE EDITION: Richard Hakluyt, The Principal Navigations, Voyages, Traffiques and Discoveries of the English Nation, ed. Edmund Goldsmid, vol. XIII 'America, Part II' (Edinburgh: E. & G. Goldsmid, 1889), text as transcribed by Project Gutenberg eBook #25645 (release 2008-05-29, updated 2020-06-20). Goldsmid reprints the text of the 1600 edition (vol. III) with original spelling (u/v, i/j as printed); Hakluyt's marginal notes are given as bracketed (Mnnn) references and Goldsmid's footnotes as (nnn) numbers.
URL FETCHED: https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/25645/pg25645.txt  (also https://www.gutenberg.org/files/25645/25645-8.txt)
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
1600-EDITION PAGE NUMBERS: taken from the '[III. nnn.]' markers in the MacLehose edition (Glasgow 1904, vol. VIII), archive.org id principalnavigat08hakl, which reproduces the 1600 pagination; see maclehose1904_vol8_virginia_section.txt in this folder.
==============================================================================

XXV. The voiage made by Sir Richard Greenuile,(85) for Sir Walter Ralegh,
to Virginia, in the yeere 1585.


The 9. day of April, in the yeere abouesayd, we departed from Plymmouth,
our Fleete consisting of the number of seuen sailes, to wit, the Tyger, of
the burden of seuen score tunnes, a Flie-boat called the Roe-bucke, of the
like burden, the Lyon of a hundred tunnes or thereabouts, the Elizabeth,
of fiftie tunnes, and the Dorothie, a small barke: whereunto were also
adioyned for speedy seruices, two small pinnesses. The principall
Gentlemen of our Companie, were these, M. Ralph Lane, M. Tomas Candish, M.
Iohn Arundel, M. Raymund, M. Stukeley, M. Bremige, M. Vincent, and M. Iohn
Clarke, and diuers others, whereof some were Captaines, and other some
Assistants for counsell, and good directions in the voyage.

The 14. day of Aprill wee fell with Lancerota and Forteuentura, Isles of
the Canaries, and from thence, we continued our course for Dominica, one
of the Antiles of the West India, wherewith we fell the 7. day of May, and
the 10. day following wee came to an anker at Cotesa, a little Iland
situate neere to the Iland of S. Iohn, where we landed, and refreshed our
selues all that day.

(M274) The 12. day of May wee came to an anker in the Bay of Moskito, in
the Island of S. Iohn, within a Faulcon shot of the shoare: where our
Generall Sir Richard Greeneuil, and the most part of our companie landed,
and began to fortifie very neere to the Sea side: the riuer ran by the one
side of our forte, and the other two sides were inuironed with woods.

The 13. day we began to build a new pinnesse within the Fort, with the
timber that wee then felled in the countrey, some part whereof we fet
three miles vp in the land, and brought it to our Fort vpon trucks, the
Spaniard not daring to make or offer resistance.

The 16. day there appeared vnto vs out of the woods eight horsemen of the
Spaniards, about a quarter of a mile from our Fort, staying about halfe an
houre in viewing our forces: but assoone as they saw ten of our shot
marching towards them, they presently retired into the woods.

The 19. day Master Candish, who had bene separated from our fleete in a
storme in the Bay of Portugall, arriued at Cotesa, within the sight of the
Tiger: we thinking him a farre off to have beene either a Spaniard or
Frenchman of warre, thought it good to weigh ankers, and to goe roome with
him, which the Tiger did, and discerned him at last to be one of our
consorts, for ioy of whose comming our ships discharged their ordinance,
and saluted him according to the maner of the Seas.

The 22. day twentie other Spanish horsemen shewed themselues to vs vpon
the other side of the riuer: who beinge seene, our Generall dispatched 20.
footemen towards them, and two horsmen of ours, mounted vpon Spanish
horses, which wee before had taken in the time of our being on the Iland:
they shewed to our men a flagge of truce, and made signes to haue a parle
with vs: whereupon two of our men went halfe of the way vpon the sands,
and two of theirs came and met them: the two Spaniards offered very great
salutations to our men, but began according to their Spanish proud humors,
to expostulate with them about their arriuall and fortifying in their
countrey, who notwithstanding by our mens discreet answers were so cooled,
that (whereas they were told, that our principall intention was onely to
furnish our selues with water and victuales, and other necessaries,
whereof we stood in neede, which we craued might be yeelded vs with faire
and friendly meanes, otherwise our resolution was to practise force, and
to relieue ourselues by the sworde) the Spaniards in conclusion seeing our
men so resolute, yeelded to our requestes with large promises of all
curtesie, and great fauour, and so our men and theirs departed.

The 23. day our pinnesse was finished, and launched: which being done, our
Generall with his Captaines and Gentlemen, marched vp into the Countrey
about the space of 4. miles, where in a plaine marsh they stayed expecting
the comming of the Spaniards according to their promise, to furnish vs
with victuals: who keeping their olde custome for periurie and breach of
promise, came not, whereupon our Generall fired the woods thereabout, and
so retired to our Fort, which the same day was fired also, and each man
came aboord to be ready to set saile the next morning.

The 29.(86) day wee set saile from Saint Iohns, being many of vs stung
before vpon shoare with the Muskitos: but the same night wee tooke a
Spanish Frigat, which was forsaken by the Spaniards vpon the sight of vs,
and the next day in the morning very early we tooke another Frigat, with
good and rich fraight, and diuers Spaniards of account in her which
afterwards wee ransomed for good round summes, and landed them in S.
Iohns.

The 26. day our Lieutenant Master Ralph Lane went in one of the Frigats
which we had taken, to Roxo Bay vpon the Southwest side of Saint Iohn, to
fetch salt, being thither conducted by a Spanish Pilot: as soone as hee
arriued there, hee landed with his men to the number of 20. and intrenched
himselfe vpon the sandes immediatly, compassing one of their salte hils
within the trench: who being seene of the Spaniards, there came downe
towardes him two or three troopes of horsemen and footemen, who gaue him
the looking, and gazing on, but durst not come neere him to offer any
resistance, so that Master Lane maugre their troopes, caryed their salte
aboord and laded his Frigat, and so returned againe to our fleete the 27.
day, which road at S. Germans Bay. The same day we all departed, and the
next day arriued in the Iland of Hispaniola.

(M275) The 1. day of Iune we anchored at Isabella, on the North side of
Hispaniola.

The 3. of Iune, the Gouernour of Isabell, and Captaine of the Port de
Plata, being certified by the reports of sundry Spaniards, who had beene
well intertained aboard our shippes by our Generall, that in our fleete
were many braue and gallant Gentlemen, who greatly desired to see the
Gouernour aforesayd, he thereupon sent gentle commendations to our
Generall, promising within fewe dayes to come to him in person, which he
perfourmed accordingly.

The 5. day the aforesayd Gouernour accompanied with a trusty Fryer, and
twenty other Spaniards, with their seruants, and Negroes, came downe to
the Sea side, where our ships road at anker, who being seene, our Generall
manned immediatly the most part of his boates with the chiefe men of our
Fleete, euery man appointed, and furnished in the best sort: at the
landing of our Generall, the Spanish Gouernour receiued him very
courteeously, and the Spanish Gentlemen saluted our English Gentlemen, and
their inferiour sort did also salute our Souldiers and Sea men, liking our
men, and likewise their qualities, although at the first they seemed to
stand in feare of vs, and of so many of our boates whereof they desired
that all might not land their men, yet in the end, the courtesies that
passed on both sides were so great, that all feare and mistrust on the
Spaniards part was abandoned.

In the meane time while our English Generall and the Spanish Gouernour
discoursed betwixt them of diuers matters, as of the state of the
Countrey, the multitude of the Townes and people, and the commodities of
the Iland, our men prouided two banquetting houses couered with greene
boughes, the one for the Gentlemen, the other for the seruants and a
sumptuous banquet was brought in serued by vs all in plate, with the sound
of trumpets, and consorte of musicke, wherwith the Spaniards were more
then delighted. Which banquet being ended, the Spaniardes in recompence of
our courtesie, caused a great heard of white buls, and kyne to be brought
together from the mountaines, and appoynted for euery Gentleman and
Captaine that would ride, a horse ready sadled, and then singled out three
of the best of them to bee hunted by horsemen after their maner, so that
the pastime grewe very pleasant for the space of three houres, wherein all
three of the beasts were killed, whereof one tooke the Sea, and there was
slaine with a musket. After this sport many rare presents and gifts were
giuen and bestowed on both parts, and the next day wee played the
Merchants in bargaining with them by way of trucke and exchange of diuers
of their commodities, as horses, mares, kine, buls, goates, swine, sheepe,
bull hides, sugar, ginger, pearle, tobacco, and such like commodities of
the Iland.

The 7. day we departed with great good will from the Spaniards from the
Iland of Hispaniola: but the wiser sort doe impute this great shewe of
friendship, and courtesie vsed towards vs by the Spaniards rather to the
force that wee were of, and the vigilancie, and watchfulnesse that was
amongst vs, then to any heartie good will, or sure friendly
intertainement: for doubtlesse if they had bene stronger then wee, wee
might haue looked for no better curtesie at their handes, then Master Iohn
Haukins receiued at Saint John de Vilua, or Iohn Oxnam neere the streites
of Dariene, and diuers others of our Countrymen in other places.

The 8. day wee ankered at a small Iland to take Seales, which in that
place wee vnderstood to haue bene in great quantitie, where the Generall
and certaine others with him in the pinnesse were in very great danger to
haue beene all cast away, but by the helpe of God they escaped the hasard,
and returned aboord the Admirall in safetie.

(M276) The 9. day we arriued and landed in the Isle of Caycos, in which
Iland we searched for salte-pondes, vpon the aduertisement and information
of a Portugall: who in deede abused our Generall and vs, deseruing a
halter for his hire, if it had so pleased vs.

The 12 we ankered at Guanima, and landed.

The 15. and 16. we ankered and landed at Cyguateo.

The 20. we fell with the maine of Florida.

The 23. we were in great danger of a wracke on a breach called the Cape of
Feare.(87)

(M277) The 24. we came to anker in a harbour, where we caught in one tyde
so much fish as would haue yeelded vs twentie pounds in London: this was
our first landing in Florida.

The 26. we came to anker at Wocokon.

The 29. wee weighed anker to bring the Tyger into the harbour, where
through the vnskilfulnesse of the Master whose name was Fernando, the
Admirall strooke on ground, and sunke.

(M278) The 3. we sent word of our arriuing at Wocokon, to Wingina at
Roanoak.

The 6. M. Iohn Arundel was sent to the maine, and Manteo with him: and
Captaine Aubry and Captaine Boniten the same day were sent to Croatoan,
where they found two of our men left there with 30. other by Captaine
Reymond, some 20. dayes before.

The 8. Captaine Aubry and Captaine Boniten returned, with two of our men
found by them, to vs at Wocokon.

The 11. day the Generall accompanied in his Tilt boate with Master Iohn
Arundell, Master Stukeley, and diuers other Gentlemen, Master Lane, Master
Candish, Master Hariot, and twentie others in the new pinnesse, Captaine
Amadas, Captaine Clarke, with ten others in a shipboat, Francis Brooke,
and Iohn White in another ship-boate, passed ouer the water from Wocokon
to the maine land victualled for eight dayes, in which voyage we first
discouered the townes of Pomeiok, Aquascogoc and Secotan, and also the
great lake called by the Sauages Paquique,(88) with diuers other places,
and so returned with that discouery to our Fleete.

The 12. we came to the Towne of Pomeiok.

The 13. we passed by water to Aquascogok.

The 15. we came to Secotan, and were well entertained there of the
Sauages.

The 16. wee returned thence, and one of our boates with the Admirall was
sent to Aquascogok, to demaund a siluer cup which one of the Sauages had
stollen from vs, and not receiuing it according to his promise, wee burnt,
and spoyled their corne, and Towne, all the people being fled.

The 18. we returned from the discouery of Secotan, and the same day came
aboord our Fleete ryding at Wococon.

The 21. our Fleete ankering at Wococon, we weyed anker for Hatoraske.

The 27. our Fleete ankered at Hatorask, and there we rested.

The 29. Grangino brother to king Wingina came aboord the Admirall, and
Manteo with him.

(M279) The 2. the Admirall was sent to Weapomeiok.

The 5. M. Iohn Arundell was sent for England.

The 25. our Generall weyed anker, and set saile for England.

About the 31. he tooke a Spanish ship of 300. tunne richly loaden,
boording her with a boate made with boards of chests, which fell asunder,
and sunke at the ships side, assoone as euer he and his men were out of
it.

(M280) The 10. of September, by foule weather the Generall then shipped in
the prize, lost sight of the Tyger.

(M281) The 6. the Tyger fell with the Landes end, and the same day came to
anker at Falmouth.

The 18. the Generall came with the prize to Plymmouth, and was courteously
receiued by diuers of his worshipfull friends.

The names of those as well Gentlemen as others, that remained one whole
yeere in Virginia, vnder the Gouernement of Master Ralph Lane.

      Master Philip Amadas, Admirall of the countrey.
      Master Hariot.
      Master Acton.
      Master Edward Stafford.
      Thomas Luddington.
      Master Maruyn.
      Master Gardiner.
      Captaine Vaughan.
      Master Kendall.
      Master Prideox.
      Robert Holecroft.
      Rise Courtney.
      Master Hugh Roger.
      Master Thomas Haruie.
      Master Snelling.
      Master Anthony Russe.
      Master Allyne.
      Master Michael Polison.
      Iohn Cage.
      Thomas Parre.
      William Randes.
      Geffery Churchman.
      William Farthow.
      Iohn Taylor.
      Philip Robyns.
      Thomas Philips.
      Valentine Beale.
      Thomas Foxe.
      Darby Glande.
      Edward Nugen.
      Edward Kelley
      Iohn Gostigo.
      Erasmus Clefs.
      Edward Ketcheman.
      Iohn Linsey.
      Thomas Rottenbury.
      Roger Deane.
      Iohn Harris.
      Francis Norris.
      Matthew Lyne.
      Edward Kettell.
      Thomas Wisse.
      Robert Biscombe.
      William Backhouse.
      William White.
      Henry Potkin.
      Dennis Barnes.
      Ioseph Borges.
      Dougham Gannes.
      William Tenche.
      Randall Latham.
      Thomas Hulme.
      Walter Mill.
      Richard Gilbert.
      Steuen Pomarie.
      Iohn Brocke.
      Bennet Harrie.
      Iames Steuenson.
      Charles Steuenson.
      Christopher Lowde.
      Ieremie Man.
      Iames Mason.
      Dauid Salter.
      Richard Ireland.
      Thomas Bookener.
      William Philips.
      Randall Mayne.
      Iames Skinner.
      George Eseuen.
      Iohn Chandeler.
      Philip Blunt.
      Richard Poore.
      Robert Yong.
      Marmaduke Constable.
      Thomas Hesket.
      William Wasse.
      Iohn Feuer.
      Daniel.
      Thomas Taylor.
      Richard Humfrey.
      Iohn Wright.
      Gabriel North.
      Bennet Chappell.
      Richard Sare.
      Iames Lacie.
      Smolkin.
      Thomas Smart.
      Robert.
      Iohn Euans.
      Roger Large.
      Humfrey Garden.
      Francis Whitton.
      Rowland Gryffin.
      William Millard.
      Iohn Twit.
      Edward Seclemore.
      Iohn Anwike.
      Christopher Marshall.
      Dauid Williams.
      Nicholas Swabber.
      Edward Chipping.
      Siluester Beching.
      Vincent Cheyne.
      Hance Walters.
      Edward Barecombe.
      Thomas Skeuelabs.
      William Walters.
