TEXT: Hakluyt, Principal Navigations (1600), vol. III pp. 243-296 (letters patents 1584; Barlowe 1584; Grenville/Tiger 1585; Lane's letter; Lane's account 1585-86; relief voyage 1586; Harriot 1588; White 1587; names of colonists; White's letter 1593; White 1590; start of Verrazzano) -- OCR text of the MacLehose reprint.
SOURCE EDITION: The Principal Navigations Voyages Traffiques & Discoveries of the English Nation, Glasgow: James MacLehose and Sons, 1904, vol. VIII, pp. 289-422. Original spelling. The bracketed markers '[III. 246.]' etc. give the page of the 1600 edition (vol. III) where the following text begins. OCR is uncorrected (Internet Archive djvu.txt); hyphenation at line ends and interleaved marginal notes are OCR artefacts.
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/principalnavigat08hakl/principalnavigat08hakl_djvu.txt  (archive.org item principalnavigat08hakl, Wellesley College copy)
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
NOTE: this file is lines 16600-23700 of the full djvu.txt.
==============================================================================

golde  and  silver,  that  from  time  to  time,  and  at  all  times 
after  such  discoverie^;  subduing  and  possessing^,  shall  be 
there  gotten  and  obteined : ;  All  which  lands.  Countries, 
and  territories  shall  for  ever  be  holden  of  the  sayd  Walter 
Ralegh,  his  heires  and  assignes,  of  us,  our  heires  and 
successors,  by  homage,  and  by  the  sayd  payment  of  the 
sayd  fift  part,  reserved  onely  for  all  services. 

And  moreover,  we  do  by  these  presents,  for  us,  our 
heires  and  successors,  give  and  grant  licence  to  the  said  [HI-  244.] 
Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires,  and  assignes,  and  every  of 
them,  that  he,  and  they,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  shall 
and  may  from  time  to  time,  and  at  all  times  for  ever  here- 
after, for  his  and  their  defence,  encounter  and  expulse, 
repell  and  resist  aswell  by  sea  as  by  lande,  and  by  all  other 
wayes  whatsoever,  all  and  every  such  person  and  persons 
whatsoever,  as  without  the  especiall  liking  and  licence  of 
the  sayd  Walter  Ralegh,  and  of  his  heires  and  assignes, 
shall  attempt  to  inhabite  within  the  sayde  Countryes,  or 
any  of  them,  or  within  the  space  of  two  hundreth  leagues 

291 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

neere  to  the  place  or  places  within  such  Countryes  as 
aforesayde  (if  they  shall  not  bee  before  planted  or  inhabited 
within  the  limits  as  aforesayd  with  the  subjects  of  any 
Christian  Prince  being  in  amitie  with  us)  where  the  sayd 
Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires,  or  assignes,  or  any  of  them,  or 
his,  or  their,  or  any  of  their  associats  or  company,  shall 
within  sixe  yeeres  (next  ensuing)  make  their  dwellings  or 
abidings,  or  that  shall  enterprise  or  attempt  at  any  time 
hereafter  unlawfully  to  annoy,  eyther  by  Sea  or  Lande  the 
sayde  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  or  assignes,  or  any  of 
them,  or  his  or  their,  or  any  of  his  or  their  companies  : 
giving,  and  graunting  by  these  presents  further  power 
and  authoritie  to  the  sayd  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and 
assignes,  and  every  of  them  from  time  to  time,  and  at 
all  times  for  ever  hereafter,  to  take  and  surprise  by  all 
maner  of  meanes  whatsoever,  all  and  every  those  person 
or  persons,  with  their  Shippes,  Vessels,  and  other  goods 
and  furniture,  which  without  the  licence  of  the  sayde 
Walter  Ralegh,  or  his  heires,  or  assignes,  as  aforesayd, 
shalbe  found  traffiquing  into  any  Harbour,  or  Harbours, 
Creeke,  or  Creekes,  within  the  limits  aforesayd,  (the 
subjects  of  our  Realmes  and  Dominions,  and  all  other 
persons  in  amitie  with  us,  trading  to  the  Newfound  lands 
for  fishing  as  heretofore  they  have  commonly  used,  or 
being  driven  by  force  of  a  tempest,  or  shipwracke  onely 
excepted :)  and  those  persons,  and  every  of  them,  with 
their  shippes,  vessels,  goods,  and  furniture  to  deteine  and 
possesse  as  of  good  and  lawfull  prize,  according  to  the 
discretion  of  him  the  sayd  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires,  and 
assignes,  and  every,  or  any  of  them.  I  And  for  uniting  in 
more  perfect  league  and  amitie,  of  such  Countryes,  landes, 
and  territories  so  to  be  possessed  and  inhabited  as  afore- 
sayd with  our  Realmes  of  England  and  Ireland,  and  the 
better  incouragement  of  men  to  these  enterprises :  we  doe 
by  these  presents,  graunt  and  declare  that  all  such  Countries, 
so  hereafter  to  be  possessed  and  inhabited  as  is  afore- 
sayd, from  thencefoorth  shall  be  of  the  allegiance  to  us,  our 
heires  and  successours. '    And  wee  doe  graunt  to  the  sayd 

292 


SIR   WALTER   RALEGH'S   PATENT  a.d. 

1584. 
Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires,  and  assignes,  and  to  all,  and 
every  of  them,  and  to  all,  and  every  other  person  and 
persons,  being  of  our  allegiance,  whose  names  shall  be 
noted  or  entred  in  some  of  our  Courts  of  recorde  within  Note. 
our  Realme  of  England,  that  with  the  assent  of  the  sayd 
Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  or  assignes,  shall  in  his  journeis 
for  discoverie,  or  in  the  journeis  for  conquest  hereafter 
travaile  to  such  lands,  countreis  and  territories,  as  afore- 
sayd,  and  to  their,  and  to  every  of  their  heires,  and  they, 
and  every  or  any  of  them,  being  eyther  borne  within  our 
sayde  Realmes  of  England  or  Irelande,  or  in  any  other 
place  within  our  allegiance,  and  which  hereafter  shall  be 
inhabiting  within  any  the  Lands,  Countryes,  and  Terri- 
tories, with  such  licence,  (as  aforesayd)  shall  and  may 
have  all  the  priviledges  of  free  Denizens,  and  persons  Free  Deniza- 
native  of  England,  and  within  our  allegiance  in  such  like  ^"''^  granted. 
ample  maner  and  forme,  as  if  they  were  borne  and 
personally  resident  within  our  said  Realme  of  England, 
any  law,  custome,  or  usage  to  the  contrary  notwith- 
standing. 

And  forasmuch  as  upon  the  finding  out,  discovering,  or 
inhabiting  of  such  remote  lands,  countries,  and  territories 
as  aforesaid,  it  shalbe  necessary  for  the  safety  of  all  men, 
that  shall  adventure  themselves  in  those  journeyes  or 
voyages,  to  determine  to  live  together  in  Christian  peace, 
and  civill  quietnesse  eche  with  other,  whereby  every  one 
may  with  more  pleasure  and  profit  enjoy  that  whereunto 
they  shall  atteine  with  great  paine  and  perill,  wee  for  us, 
our  heires  and  successors,  are  likewise  pleased  and  con- 
tented, and  by  these  presents  doe  give  &  grant  to  the 
said  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and  assignes  for  ever,  that 
he  and  they,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  shall  /and  may 
from  time  to  time  for  ever  hereafter,/ "within  the  said 
mentioned  remote  lands  and  countries,  in  the  way  by 
the  seas  thither,  and  from  thence,  /  have  full  and 
meere  power  and  authoritie  to  correct,  punish,  pardon, 
governe,  and  rule  by  their  (and  every  or  any  of  their ! 
good   discretions    and   policies,  aswellj  in    causes  capitall, 

293 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

or  criminall,  as  civil,  both  marine  and  other,  all  such 
our  subjectsJ  as  shal  from  time  to  time  adventure 
themselves  m  the  said  journeis  or  voyages,  orfthat 
shall  at  any  time  hereafter  inhabite  any  such  lands, 
countreis,  or  territories  as  aforesayd,  or  that  shall  abide 
within  200.  leagues  of  any  of  the  sayde  place  or  places, 
where  the  sayde  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  or  assignes, 
or  any  of  them,  or  any  of  his  or  their  associats  or  com- 
panies, shall  inhabite  within  6.  yeeres  next  ensuing  the 
date  hereof,  according  to  such  statutes,  lawes  and  ordin- 
ances as  shall  be  by  him  the  sayd  Walter  Ralegh,  his 
heires  and  assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them  devised,  or 
established,  for  the  better  government  of  the  said  people 
[III.  245.]  as  aforesaid.  So  alwayes  as  the  said  statutes,  lawes,  and 
ordinances  may  be,  as  nere  as  conveniently  may  bee^) 
agreeable  to  the  forme  of  the  lawes,  statutes,  governement, 
or  pollicie  of  England,  and  also  so  as  they  be  not  against 
the  true  Christian  faith,  nowe  professed  in  the  Church  of 
England,  nor  in  any  wise  to  withdrawe  any  of  the  subjects 
or  people  of  those  lands  or  places  from  the  alleagance 
of  us,  our  heires  and  successours,  as  their  immediate 
Soveraigne   under   God. 

And  further,  we  doe  by  these  presents  for  us,  our 
heires  and  successors,  give  and  grant  ful  power  and 
authoritie  to  our  trustie  and  welbeloved  Counsailour  Sir 
William  Cecill  knight,  Lorde  Burghley,  or  high  Treasourer 
of  England,  and  to  the  Lorde  Treasourer  of  England 
for  us,  our  heires  and  successors  for  the  time  being,  and 
to  the  privie  Counsaile  of  us,  our  heires  and  successors, 
or  any  foure  or  more  of  them  for  the  time  being,  that  he, 
they,  or  any  foure  or  more  of  them,  shall  and  may  from 
time  to  time,  and  at  all  times  hereafter,  under  his  or  their 
handes  or  Scales  by  vertue  of  these  presents,  authorise 
and  licence  the  saide  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and 
assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them  by  him,  &  by  them- 
selves, or  by  their,  or  any  of  their  sufficient  Atturneis, 
Deputies,  Officers,  Ministers,  Factors,  and  servants,  to 
imbarke  &  transport  out  of  our  Realme  of  England  and 

294 


SIR    WALTER   RALEGH'S   PATENT  a.d. 

1584. 
Ireland,  and  the  Dominions  thereof,  all  or  any  of  his 
or  their  goods,  and  all  or  any  the  goods  of  his  and  their 
associats  and  companies,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  with 
such  other  necessaries  and  commodities  of  any  our 
Realm  es,  as  to  the  sayde  Lorde  Treasurer,  or  foure  or 
more  of  the  privie  Counsaile,  of  us  our  heires  and 
successors  for  the  time  being  (as  aforesaid)  shalbe  from 
time  to  time  by  his  or  their  wisedomes,  or  discretions 
thought  meete  and  convenient,  for  the  better  reliefe  and 
supportation  of  him  the  sayde  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires, 
and  assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  and  of  his  or 
their  or  any  of  their  associats  and  companies,  any  act, 
statute,  law, .  or  any  thing  to  the  contrary  in  any  wise 
notwithstanding. 

Provided  alwayes,  and  our  wil  and  pleasure  is,  and  we 
do  hereby  declare  to  all  Christian  kings,  princes,  and 
states,  that  if  the  sayde  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  or 
assignes,  or  any  of  them,  or  any  other  by  their  licence 
or  appointment,  shall  at  any  time  or  times  hereafter 
robbe  or  spoile  by  sea  or  by  land,  or  doe  any  acte  of 
unjust  or  unlawfull  hostilitie,  to  any  of  the  subjects  of 
us,  our  heires  or  successors,  or  to  any  of  the  subjects  of 
any  the  kings,  princes,  rulers,  Governours,  or  estates, 
being  then  in  perfect  league  and  amitie  with  us,  our  heires 
and  successours,  and  that  upon  such  injurie,  or  upon  just 
complaint  of  any  such  Prince,  Ruler,  Governour  or  estate, 
or  their  subjects,  wee,  our  heires  and  successors,  shall 
make  open  Proclamation  within  any  the  portes  of  our 
Realme  of  England,  that  the  saide  Walter  Ralegh,  his 
heires  and  assignes,  and  adherents,  or  any  to  whom  these 
our  Letters  patents  may  extende,  shall  within  the  termes 
to  bee  limited,  by  such  Proclamation,  make  full  restitu- 
tion, and  satisfaction  of  all  such  injuries  done:  so  as 
both  we  and  the  said  Princes,  or  other  so  complaining, 
may  hold  us  and  themselves  fully  contented :  And  that  if 
the  said  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and  assignes,  shall  not 
make  or  cause  to  be  made  satisfaction  accordingly  within 
such  time  so  to  be  limitted,  that  then  it  shal  be  lawful  to 

295 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

us,  our  heires  and  successors,  to  put  the  sayde  Walter 
Ralegh,  his  heires  and  assignes,  and  adherents,  and  all  the 
inhabitants  of  the  saide  places  to  be  discovered  (as  is 
aforesaid)  or  any  of  them  out  of  our  allegeance  and 
protection,  and  that  from  and  after  such  time  of  putting 
out  of  protection  of  the  saide  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires, 
assignes  and  adherents,  and  others  so  to  be  put  out,  and 
the  said  places  within  their  habitation,  possession  and 
rule,  shall  be  out  of  our  allegeance  and  protection,  and 
free  for  all  Princes  and  others  to  pursue  with  hostilitie,  as 
being  not  our  subjects,  nor  by  us  any  way  to  be  avouched, 
maintained,  or  defended,  nor  to  be  holden  as  any  of  ours, 
nor  to  our  protection,  or  dominion,  or  allegeance  any 
way  belonging :  for  that  expresse  mention  of  the  cleere 
yeerely  value  of  the  certaintie  of  the  premisses,  or  any 
part  thereof,  or  of  any  other  gift,  or  grant  by  us,  or  any 
our  progenitors,  or  predecessors  to  the  said  Walter  Ralegh, 
before  this  time  made  in  these  presents,  bee  not  expressed, 
or  any  other  grant,  ordinance,  provision,  proclamation,  or 
restraint  to  the  contrary  thereof,  before  this  time,  given, 
ordained,  or  provided,  or  any  other  thing,  cause,  or  matter 
whatsoever,  in  any  wise  notwithstanding.  In  witnesse 
whereof,  wee  have  caused  these  our  letters  to  be  made 
Patents.  Witnesse  our  selves,  at  Westminster  the  five 
Jnno  1584.  and  twentie  day  of  March,  in  the  sixe  and  twentith  yeere 
of  our  Raigne. 


296 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA 


A.D. 

1584. 


:>The  first  voyage  made  to  the  coasts  of  America,  [ill.  246.] 
with  two  barks,  where  in  were  Captaines  M. 
Philip  Amadas,  and  M.  Arthur  Barlowe,  who 
discovered  part  of  the  Countrey  now  called 
Virginia,  Anno  1584.  Written  by  one  of  the 
said  Captaines,  and  sent  to  sir  Walter  Ralegh 
knight,  at  whose  charge  and  direction,  the 
said  voyage  was  set  forth. 

IHe  27  day  of  Aprill,  in  the  yeere  of  our 
redemption,  1584  we  departed  the  West 
of  England,  with  two  barkes  well  fur- 
nished with  men  and  victuals,  having 
received  our  last  and  perfect  directions 
by  your  letters,  confirming  the  former 
instructions,  and  commandements  de- 
livered by  your  selfe  at  our  leaving  the  river  of  Thames. 
And  I  thinke  it  a  matter  both  unnecessary,  for  the  manifest 
discoverie  of  the  Countrey,  as  also  for  tediousnesse  sake, 
to  remember  unto  you  the  diurnall  of  our  course,  sayling 
thither  and  returning :  onely  I  have  presumed  to  present 
unto  you  this  briefe  discourse,  by  which  you  may  judge 
how  profitable  this  land  is  likely  to  succeede,  as  well  to 
your  selfe,  (by  whose  direction  and  charge,  and  by  whose 
servantes  this  our  discoverie  hath  beene  performed)  as  also 
to  her  Highnesse,  and  the  Common  wealth,  in  which  we 
hope  your  wisedome  wilbe  satisfied,  considering  that  as 
much  by  us  hath  bene  brought  to  light,  as  by  those  smal 
meanes,  and  number  of  men  we  had,  could  any  way  have 
bene  expected,  or  hoped  for. 

The  tenth  of  May  we  arrived  at  the  Canaries,  and  the 
tenth  of  June  in  this  present  yeere,  we  were  fallen  with 
the  Islands  of  the  West  Indies,  keeping  a  more  South-  A  Southerly 
easterly  course  then  was  needefuU,  because  wee  doubted  ^°^^'^^  '^°^ 
that  the  current  of  the  Bay  of  Mexico,  disbogging  be-  foryirgiJa. 
tweene    the   Cape  of  Florida  and   Havana,  had  bene  of 

297 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

greater  force  then  afterwardes  we  found  it  to   bee.     At 

which  Islands  we  found  the  ayre  very  unwholsome,  and 

our  men  grew   for   the   most  part  ill   disposed :  so  that 

having  refreshed   our  selves   with   sweet   water,   &  fresh 

victuall,  we  departed  the  twelfth  day  of  our  arrivall  there. 

These  Islands,  with  the  rest  adjoyning,  are  so  well  knowen 

to  your  selfe,  and  to  many  others,  as  I  will  not  trouble 

you  with  the  remembrance  of  them. 

A  szveet  smell       The  second  of  July,  we  found  shole  water,  wher  we 

frotn  t  e  an  .   gj^gij-  gQ  sweet,  and  so  strong  a  smel,  as  if  we  had  bene 

in  the  midst  of  some  delicate  garden  abounding  with  all 

kinde  of  odoriferous  flowers,  by  which  we  were  assured, 

that  the  land  could  not  be  farre  distant :  and  keeping  good 

watch,  and  bearing  but  slacke  saile,  the  fourth  of  the  same 

moneth  we  arrived  upon  the  coast,  which  we  supposed  to 

be  a  continent  and  firme  lande,  and  we  sayled  along  the 

same    a    hundred  and  twentie   EnMish   miles   before  we 

could  finde  any  entrance,  or  river   issuing  into  the  Sea. 

The  first         The  first  that  appeared  unto  us,  we  entred,  though  not 

river.  without  some  difficultie,  &  cast  anker  about  three  harque- 

buz-shot  within  the  havens  mouth,  on  the  left  hand  of 

the  same :  and  after  thankes  given  to  God  for  our  safe 

arrivall  thither,  we  manned  our  boats,  and  went  to  view 

"/a/jj  13/0J-  the  land  next  adjoyning,  and  "to  take  possession  of  the 

session  taken.     ^2cci\t.,  in  the  right  of  the  Queenes  most  excellent  Majestie, 

as  rightfuU  Queene,  and  Princesse  of  the  same,  and  after 

delivered  the  same   over  to  your  use,    according  to  her 

Majesties  grant,  and  letters  patents,  under  her  Highnesse 

great  Scale.     Which   being    performed,  according  to  the 

ceremonies  used  in  such  enterprises,  we  viewed  the  land 

about  us,  being,  whereas  we  first  landed,  very  sandie  and 

Abundance  of  low  towards  the  waters  side,  but  so  full  of  grapes,  as  the 

grapes.  very  beating  and  surge  of  the   Sea   overflowed   them,  of 

which  we  found  such  plentie,  as  well  there  as  in  all  places 

else,  both  on  the  sand  and  on  the  greene  soile  on  the  hils, 

as  in  the  plaines,  as  well  on  every  little  shrubbe,  as  also 

climing  towardes  the  tops  of  high  Cedars,  that  I  thinke  in 

all  the  world  the  like  abundance  is  not  to  be  found  :  and 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1584. 
my  selfe  having  scene  those  parts  of  Europe  that  most 
abound,   find   such   difference    as    were    incredible   to   be 
written. 

We  passed  from  the  Sea  side  towardes  the  toppes  of  The  Isle  of 
those  hilles  next  adjoining,  being  but  of  meane  higth,  '^''«''«^«- 
and  from  thence  wee  behelde  the  Sea  on  both  sides  to 
the  North,  and  to  the  South,  finding  no  ende  any  of  both 
wayes.  This  lande  lay  stretching  it  selfe  to  the  West, 
which  after  wee  found  to  bee  but  an  Island  of  twentie 
miles  long,  and  not  above  sixe  miles  broade.  Under  the 
banke  or  hill  whereon  we  stoode,  we  behelde  the  vallyes 
replenished  with  goodly  Cedar  trees,  and  having  discharged 
our  harquebuz-shot,  such  a  flocke  of  Cranes  (the  most 
part  white)  arose  under  us,  with  such  a  cry  redoubled  by 
many  ecchoes,  as  if  an  armie  of  men  had  showted  all 
together. 

This  Island  had  many  goodly  woodes  full  of  Deere, 
Conies,  Hares,  and  Fowle,  even  in  the  middest  of  Summer 
in  incredible  abundance.      The  woodes   are  not  such  as 
you  finde  in  Bohemia,  Moscovia,  or  Hercynia,  barren  and 
fruitles,  but  the  highest  and  reddest  Cedars  of  the  world,  Goodl'j 
farre  bettering  the  Ceders  of  the  A9ores,  of  the  Indies,  or  ^^^'^"' 
Lybanus,  Pynes,  Cypres,  Sassaphras,  the  Lentisk,  or  the  ^assaphras    ' 
tree  that  beareth  the  Masticke,  the  tree  that  beareth  the 
rine  of  blacke  Sinamon,  of  which  Master  Winter  brought  [in.  247.] 
from  the  streights  of  Magellan,  and  many  other  of  excellent 
smell  and  qualitie.      We   remained  by  the  side  of  this 
Island  two  whole  dayes  before  we  saw  any  people  of  the 
Countrey  :  the  third  day  we  espied  one  small  boate  rowing 
towardes  us  having  in  it  three  persons :  this  boat  came  to 
the  Island  side,  foure  harquebuz-shot  from  our  shippes, 
and  there  two  of  the  people   remaining,  the  third  came 
along  the  shoreside  towards  us,  and  wee  being  then  all 
within  boord,  he  walked  up  and  downe  upon  the  point  of 
the  land   next  unto  us :  then  the  Master  and  the  Pilot  Conference 
of  the   Admirall,   Simon   Ferdinando,  and  the    Captaine  "^'^th  a  Savage. 
Philip  Amadas,  my  selfe,  and  others  rowed  to  the  land, 
whose  comming  this  fellow  attended,  never  making  any 

299 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

shewe  of  feare  or  doubt.     And  after  he  had  spoken  of 

many  things    not    understood    by    us,    we   brought  him 

with  his  owne  good  liking,  aboord  the  ships,  and  gave 

him  a  shirt,  a  hat  &  some  other  things,  and  made  him 

taste  of  our  wine,  and   our    meat,  which  he  liked   very 

wel :   and  after  having  viewed  both   barks,   he  departed, 

and  went  to  his  owne   boat   againe,   which  hee  had  left 

Abundance  0/  {n  a.  little  Cove    or    Creeke    adjoyning :    assoone  as  hee 

•^  was  two  bow  shoot  into  the    water,  he    fell    to    fishing, 

and  in    lesse    then    halfe    an    houre,    he    had    laden    his 

boate    as    deepe,    as    it   could   swimme,  with    which  hee 

came  againe    to    the   point  of  the    lande,   and    there   he 

devided  his    fish    into    two   parts,   pointing   one   part  to 

the  ship,  and  the    other    to   the    pinnesse :    which,   after 

he    had  (as    much    as    he    might)    requited    the    former 

benefites  received,  departed  out  of  our  sight. 

Th  arrival         Xhe  next  day  there  came  unto  us  divers  boates,  and 

ojtie   ings      j^  Qj^g    q£   ^]^gj^    ^]^g   Kings   brother,   accompanied  with 

uTOt/lBV  .  .  o  -'  JT 

fortie  or  fiftie  men,  very  handsome  and  goodly  people, 
and  in  their  behaviour  as  mannerly  and  civill  as  any  of 
.  Europe.  His  name  was  Granganimeo,  and  the  king  is 
called  Wingina,  the  countrey  Wingandacoa,  and  now  by 
her  Majestic  Virginia.  The  maner  of  his  comming  was 
in  this  sort :  hee  left  his  boates  altogether  as  the  first 
man  did  a  little  from  the  shippes  by  the  shore,  and 
came  along  to  the  place  over  against  the  ships, 
followed  with  fortie  men.  When  he  came  to  the  place, 
his  servants  spread  a  long  matte  upon  the  ground,  on 
which  he  sate  downe,  and  at  the  other  ende  of  the  matte 
foure  others  of  his  companie  did  the  like,  the  rest  of 
his  men  stood  round  about  him,  somewhat  a  farre  off: 
when  we  came  to  the  shore  to  him  with  our  weapons, 
hee  never  mooved  from  his  place,  nor  any  of  the  other 
foure,  nor  never  mistrusted  any  harme  to  be  ofFred 
from  us,  but  sitting  still  he  beckoned  us  to  come  and 
sit  by  him,  which  we  performed :  and  being  set  hee 
made  all  signes  of  joy  and  welcome,  striking  on  his  head 
and  his  breast   and  afterwardes   on   ours,   to   shewe   wee 

300 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1584. 

were  all  one,  smiling  and  making  shewe  the  best  he 
could  of  all  love,  and  familiaritie.  After  hee  had  made 
a  long  speech  unto  us,  wee  presented  him  with  divers 
things,  which  hee  received  very  joyfully,  and  thankefully. 
None  of  the  company  durst  speake  one  worde  all  the 
time :  onely  the  foure  which  were  at  the  other  ende, 
spake  one  in  the  others  eare  very  softly. 

The  King  is  greatly  obeyed,  and  his  brothers  and 
children  reverenced :  the  King  himselfe  in  person  was 
at  our  being  there,  sore  wounded  in  a  fight  which  hee 
had  with  the  King  of  the  next  countrey,  called  Wingina, 
and  was  shot  in  two  places  through  the  body,  and  once 
cleane  through  the  thigh,  but  yet  he  recovered :  by 
reason  whereof  and  for  that  hee  lay  at  the  chiefe  towne 
of  the  countrey,  being  sixe  dayes  journey  off,  we  saw 
him  not  at  all. 

After  we  had  presented  this  his  brother  with  such 
things  as  we  thought  he  liked,  wee  likewise  gave  some- 
what to  the  other  that  sat  with  him  on  the  matte :  but 
presently  he  arose  and  tooke  all  from  them  and  put  it 
into  his  owne  basket,  making  signes  and  tokens,  that  all 
things  ought  to  bee  delivered  unto  him,  and  the  rest  were 
but  his  servants,  and  followers.  A  day  or  two  after  this, 
we  fell  to  trading  with  them,  exchanging  some  things  Traffickewith 
that  we  had,  for  Chamoys,  Buffe,  and  Deere  skinnes :  ^^^  Savages. 
when  we  shewed  him  all  our  packet  of  merchandize,  of 
all  things  that  he  sawe,  a  bright  tinne  dish  most  pleased 
him,  which  hee  presently  tooke  up' and  clapt  it  before  his  Time  much 
breast,  and  after  made  a  hole  in  the  brimme  thereof  and  ^•f^^^^^'^- 
hung  it  about  his  necke,  making  signes  that  it  would 
defende  him  against  his  enemies  arrowes :  for  those 
people  maintaine  a  deadly  and  terrible  warre,  with  the 
people  and  King  adjoyning.  We  exchanged  our  tinne 
dish  for  twentie  skinnes,  woorth  twentie  Crownes,  or 
twentie  Nobles :  and  a  copper  kettle  for  fiftie  skins 
woorth  fifty  Crownes.  They  offered  us  good  exchange 
for  our  hatchets,  and  axes,  and  for  knives,  and  would 
have  given  any  thing  for  swordes :  but  wee  would  not 

301 


A,D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

depart  with  any.  After  two  or  three  dayes  the  Kings 
brother  came  aboord  the  shippes,  and  dranke  wine,  and 
eat  of  our  meat  and  of  our  bread,  and  liked  exceedingly 
thereof:  and  after  a  few  dayes  overpassed,  he  brought 
his  wife  with  him  to  the  ships,  his  daughter  and  two  or 
three  children  :  his  wife  was  very  well  favoured,  of  meane 
stature,  and  very  bashfull :  shee  had  on  her  backe  a  long 
cloake  of  leather,  with  the  furre  side  next  to  her  body, 
and  before  her  a  piece  of  the  same :  about  her  forehead 
White  cordl  shee  had  a  bande  of  white  Corall,  and  so  had  her  husband 
Perks.  many  times :  in  her  eares  shee  had  bracelets  of  pearles 

[III.  248.]  hanging  downe  to  her  middle,  (whereof  wee  delivered 
your  worship  a  little  bracelet)  and  those  were  of  the 
bignes  of  good  pease.  The  rest  of  her  women  of  the 
better  sort  had  pendants  of  copper  hanging  in  either  eare, 
and  some  of  the  children  of  the  kings  brother  and  other 
noble  men,  have  five  or  sixe  in  either  eare :  he  himselfe 
had  upon  his  head  a  broad  plate  of  golde,  or  copper,  for 
being  unpolished  we  knew  not  what  mettal  it  should 
be,  neither  would  he  by  any  meanes  suffer  us  to  take  it 
off  his  head,  but  feeling  it,  it  would  bow  very  easily. 
His  apparell  was  as  his  wives,  onely  the  women  weare 
their  haire  long  on  both  sides,  and  the  men  but  on  one. 
They  are  of  colour  yellowish,  and  their  haire  black  for 
the  most  part,  and  yet  we  saw  children  that  had  very  fine 
aburne,  and  chestnut  coloured  haire. 

After  that  these  women  had  bene  there,  there  came 
downe  from  all  parts  great  store  of  people,  bringing  with 
them  leather,  corall,  divers  kindes  of  dies  very  excellent, 
and  exchanged  with  us :  but  when  Granganimeo  the 
kings  brother  was  present,  none  durst  trade  but  himselfe : 
except  such  as  weare  red  pieces  of  copper  on  their  heads 
like  himselfe :  for  that  is  the  difference  betweene  the 
noble  men,  and  the  governours  of  countreys,  and  the 
meaner  sort.  And  we  both  noted  there,  and  you  have 
understood  since  by  these  men,  which  we  brought  home, 
that  no  people  in  the  worlde  cary  more  respect  to  their 
King,  Nobilitie,  and  Governours,  then  these  doe.     The 

302 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1584. 

Kings  brothers  wife,  when  she  came  to  us  (as  she  did 
many  times)  was  followed  with  forty  or  fifty  women 
alwayes :  and  when  she  came  into  the  shippe,  she  left 
them  all  on  land,  saving  her  two  daughters,  her  nurse 
and  one  or  two  more.  The  Kings  brother  alwayes  kept 
this  order,  as  many  boates  as  he  would  come  withall  to 
the  shippes,  so  many  fires  would  hee  make  on  the  shore 
a  farre  off,  to  the  end  we  might  understand  with  what 
strength  and  company  he  approched.  Their  boates  are 
made  of  one  tree,  either  of  Pine  or  of  Pitch  trees :  a  Pitch  trees ^ 
wood  not  commonly  knowen  to  our  people,  nor  found 
growing  in  England.  They  have  no  edge-tooles  to  make 
them  withall :  if  they  have  any  they  are  very  fewe,  and 
those  it  seemes  they  had  twentie  yeres  since,  which,  as 
those  two  men  declared,  was  out  of  a  wrake  which  hap- 
pened upon  their  coast  of  some  Christian  ship,  being 
beaten  that  way  by  some  storme  and  outragious  weather, 
whereof  none  of  the  people  were  saved,  but  only  the  ship, 
or  some  part  of  her  being  cast  upon  the  sand,  out  of 
whose  sides  they  drew  the  nayles  and  the  spikes,  and 
with  those  they  made  their  best  instruments.  The  man-  ^^^  manner 
ner  of  making  their  boates  is  thus  :  they  burne  downe 
some  great  tree,  or  take  such  as  are  winde  fallen,  and 
putting  gumme  and  rosen  upon  one  side  thereof,  they  set 
fire  into  it,  and  when  it  hath  burnt  it  hollow,  they  cut 
out  the  coale  with  their  shels,  and  ever  where  they  would 
burne  it  deeper  or  wider  they  lay  on  gummes,  which 
burne  away  the  timber,  and  by  this  meanes  they  fashion 
very  fine  boates,  and  such  as  will  transport  twentie  men. 
Their  oares  are  like  scoopes,  and  many  times  they  set 
with  long  pooles,  as  the  depth  serveth. 

The  Kings  brother  had  great  liking  of  our  armour,  a 
sword,  and  divers  other  things  which  we  had  :  and  offered 
to  lay  a  great  boxe  of  pearle  in  gage  for  them :  but  we 
refused  it  for  this  time,  because  we  would  not  make  them 
knowe,  that  we  esteemed  thereof,  untill  we  had  under- 
stoode  in  what  places  of  the  countrey  the  pearle  grew : 
which  now  your  Worshippe  doeth  very  well  understand. 

303 


of  making 
their  boates. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

He  was  very  just  of  his  promise :  for  many  times  we 
delivered  him  merchandize  upon  his  word,  but  ever  he 
came  within  the  day  and  performed  his  promise.  He 
sent  us  every  day  a  brase  or  two  of  fat  Bucks,  Conies, 
Hares,  Fish  the  best  of  the  world.  He  sent  us  divers 
kindes  of  fruites,  Melons,  Walnuts,  Cucumbers,  Gourdes, 
Pease,  and  divers  rootes,  and  fruites  very  excellent  good, 
and  of  their  Countrey  corne,  which  is  very  white,  faire 
and  well  tasted,  and  groweth  three  times  in  five  moneths : 
in  May  they  sow,  in  July  they  reape,  in  June  they  sow, 
in  August  they  reape :  in  July  they  sow,  in  September 
they  reape  :  onely  they  cast  the  corne  into  the  ground, 
breaking  a  little  of  the  soft  turfe  with  a  wodden  mattock, 
or  pickeaxe :  our  selves  prooved  the  soile,  and  put  some 
of  our  Pease  in  the  ground,  and  in  tenne  dayes  they  were 
of  fourteene  ynches  high :  they  have  also  Beanes  very 
faire  of  divers  colours  and  wonderfull  plentie :  some 
growing  naturally,  and  some  in  their  gardens,  and  so 
have  they  both  wheat  and  oates. 

The  soile  is  the  most  plentifull,  sweete,  fruitfull  and 
wholsome  of  all  the  worlde :  there  are  above  foureteene 
severall  sweete  smelling  timber  trees,  and  the  most  part  of 
their  underwoods  are  Bayes  and  such  like  :  they  have  those 
Okes  that  we  have,  but  farre  greater  and  better.  After 
they  had  bene  divers  times  aboord  our  shippes,  my  selfe, 
with  seven  more  went  twentie  mile  into  the  River,  that 
runneth  towarde  the  Citie  of  Skicoak,  which  River  they 
call  Occam  :  and  the  evening  following,  wee  came  to  an 
Roanoak  Island,  which  they  call  Raonoak,  distant  from  the  harbour 
Island.  \^y  which  we  entred,  seven  leagues  :  and  at  the  North  end 
thereof  was  a  village  of  nine  houses,  built  of  Cedar,  and 
fortified  round  about  with  sharpe  trees,  to  keepe  out  their 
enemies,  and  the  entrance  into  it  made  like  a  turne  pike 
very  artificially ;  when  wee  came  towardes  it,  standing 
[III.  249.]  neere  unto  the  waters  side,  the  wife  of  Granganimo  the 
kings  brother  came  running  out  to  meete  us  very  cheere- 
fully  and  friendly,  her  husband  was  not  then  in  the 
village ;  some   of  her  people  shee  commanded  to  drawe 

304 


A   VIRGINIAN   WARRIOR 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  ad. 

1584. 
our  boate  on  shore  for  the  beating  of  the  billoe :  others  The  great 
she    appointed    to   cary  us   on   their    backes   to    the  dry  ^^^dnesofthe 
ground,  and  others  to  bring  our  oares  into  the  house  for  ^A_ 
feare  of  stealing.     When  we  were  come   into  the  utter 
roome,  having  five  roomes  in  her  house,  she  caused  us  to 
sit  downe  by  a  great  fire,  and  after  tooke  ofF  our  clothes 
and  washed  them,  and  dryed  them  againe :  some  of  the 
women  plucked  off  our  stockings  and  washed  them,  some 
washed  our  feete  in  warme  water,  and  shee  her  selfe  tooke 
great  paines  to  see  all  things  ordered  in  the  best  maner 
shee  could,  making  great  haste  to  dresse  some  meate  for 
us  to  eate. 

After  we  had  thus  dryed  our  selves,  she  brought  us  A  solemn 
into  the  inner  roome,  where  shee  set  on  the  boord  stand-  ^^«'^^^- 
ing  along  the  house,  some  wheate  like  furmentie,  sodden 
Venison,  and  roasted,  fish  sodden,  boyled,  and  roasted. 
Melons  rawe,  and  sodden,  rootes  of  divers  kindes,  and 
divers  fruites :  their  drinke  is  commonly  water,  but  while 
the  grape  lasteth,  they  drinke  wine,  and  for  want  of  caskes 
to  keepe  it,  all  the  yere  after  they  drink  water,  but  it  is 
sodden  with  Ginger  in  it,  and  blacke  Sinamon,  and  some- 
times Sassaphras,  and  divers  other  wholesome,  and  medi- 
cinable  hearbes  and  trees.  We  were  entertained  with  all 
love  and  kindnesse,  and  with  as  much  bountie  (after  their 
maner)  as  they  could  possibly  devise.  We  found  the" 
people  most  gentle,  loving,  and  faithfull,  voide  of  all 
guile  and  treason,  and  such  as  live  after  the  maner  of  the 
golden  age.  The  people  onely  care  howe  to  defend 
themselves  from  the  cold  in  their  short  winter,  and  to 
feed  themselves  with  such  meat  as  the  soile  afFoordeth : 
there  meate  is  very  well  sodden  and  they  make  broth 
very  sweet  and  savorie  :  their  vessels  are  earthen  pots, 
very  large,  white  and  sweete,  their  dishes  are  wodden 
platters  of  sweet  timber :  within  the  place  where  they 
feede  was  their  lodging,  and  within  that  their  IdoU,  which  Their  Idole. 
they  worship,  of  whome  they  speake  incredible  things. 
While  we  were  at  meate,  there  came  in  at  the  gates  two 
or  three  men  with  their  bowes  and  arrowes  from  hunting, 
vm  305  ,    u 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

whom  when  wee  espied,  we  beganne  to  looke  one  to- 
wardes  another,  and  offered  to  reach  our  weapons :  but 
assoone  as  shee  espied  our  mistrust,  shee  was  very  much 
mooved,  and  caused  some  of  her  men  to  runne  out,  and 
take  away  their  bowes  and  arrowes  and  breake  them,  and 
withall  beate  the  poore  fellowes  out  of  the  gate  againe. 
When  we  departed  in  the  evening  and  would  not  tary  all 
night,  she  was  very  sory,  and  gave  us  into  our  boate  our 
supper  halfe  dressed,  pottes  and  all,  and  brought  us  to 
our  boate  side,  in  which  wee  lay  all  night,  remooving 
the  same  a  prettie  distance  from  the  shoare :  shee  per- 
ceiving our  jelousie,  was  much  greived,  and  sent  divers 
men  and  thirtie  women,  to  sit  all  night  on  the  banke  side 
by  us,  and  sent  us  into  our  boates  five  mattes  to  cover  us 
from  the  raine,  using  very  many  wordes  to  intreate  us  to 
rest  in  their  houses :  but  because  wee  were  fewe  men,  and 
if  wee  had  miscaried,  the  voyage  had  bene  in  very  great 
danger,  wee  durst  not  adventure  any  thing,  though  there 
was  no  cause  of  doubt :  for  a  more  kinde  and  loving 
people  there  can  not  be  found  in  the  worlde,  as  farre 
as  we  have  hitherto  had  triall. 

Beyond  this  Island  there  is  the  maine  lande,  and  over 
against  this  Island  falleth   into   this   spacious  water,   the 
great   river   called   Occam    by   the   inhabitants   on   which 
standeth  a  towne  called  Pomeiock,  &  sixe  dayes  journey 
Skicoaka  great  from  the  same  is  situate  their  greatest  citie,  called  Skicoak, 
town.  which    this    people    affirme    to   be    very    great:   but    the 

Savages  were  never  at  it,  only  they  speake  of  it  by  the 
report  of  their  fathers  and  other  men,  whom  they  have 
heard  affirme  it  to  bee  above  one  houres  journey 
about. 

Into  this  river  falleth  another  great  river,  called  Cipo, 
in  which  there  is  found  great  store  of  Muskles  in  which 
there  are  pearles :  likewise  there  descendeth  into  this 
Occam,  another  river,  called  Nomopana,  on  the  one  side 
whereof  standeth  a  great  towne  called  Chawanook,  and 
the  Lord  of  that  towne  and  countrey  is  called  Pooneno : 
this  Pooneno  is  not  subject  to  the  king  of  Wingandacoa, 

306 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1584. 
but  is  a  free  Lord :  beyond  this  country  is  there  another 
king,  whom  they  cal  Menatonon,  and  these  three  kings 
are  in  league  with  each  other.     Towards  the  Southwest, 
foure   dayes  journey  is   situate  a  towne  called  Sequotan, 
which  is  the  Southermost  towne  of  Wingandacoa,  neere 
unto  which,  sixe  and  twentie  yeres  past  there  was  a  ship  -^  ^^^P  ^^^^ 
cast  away,  whereof  some  of  the  people  were  saved,  and  '^^^■^" 
those    were    white    people,    whom    the    countrey    people 
preserved. 

And  after  ten  dayes  remaining  in  an  out  Island 
unhabited,  called  Wocokon,  they  with  the  help  of  some 
of  the  dwellers  of  Sequotan,  fastened  two  boates  of  the 
countrey  together  &  made  mastes  unto  them,  and  sailes  of 
their  shirtes,  and  having  taken  into  them  such  victuals  as 
the  countrey  yeelded,  they  departed  after  they  had  re- 
mained in  this  out  Island  3  weekes :  but  shortly  after  it 
seemed  they  were  cast  away,  for  the  boates  were  found 
upon  the  coast,  cast  a  land  in  another  Island  adjoyning: 
other  then  these,  there  was  never  any  people  apparelled, 
or  white  of  colour,  either  scene  or  heard  of  amongst  these  [III.  250.] 
people,  and  these  aforesaid  were  scene  onely  of  the 
inhabitantes  of  Secotan,  which  appeared  to  be  very  true, 
for  they  wondred  marvelously  when  we  were  amongst 
them  at  the  whitenes  of  our  skins,  ever  coveting  to  touch 
our  breasts,  and  to  view  the  same.  Besides  they  had  our 
ships  in  marvelous  admiration,  &  all  things  els  were  so 
strange  unto  them,  as  it  appeared  that  none  of  them  had 
ever  scene  the  like.  When  we  discharged  any  piece, 
were  it  but  an  hargubuz,  they  would  tremble  thereat  for 
very  feare,  and  for  the  strangenesse  of  the  same :  for  the 
weapons  which  themselves  use  are  bowes  and  arrowes : 
the  arrowes  are  but  of  small  canes,  headed  with  a  sharpe 
shell  or  tooth  of  a  fish  sufficient  ynough  to  kill  a  naked 
man.  Their  swordes  be  of  wood  hardened  :  likewise  they  Their  wea- 
use  wooden  breastplates  for  their  defence.  They  have  P°^^- 
besides  a  kinde  of  club,  in  the  end  whereof  they  fasten 
the  sharpe  homes  of  a  stagge,  or  other  beast.  When 
they  goe  to  warres  they  cary  about  with  them  their  idol, 

307 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

of  whom  they  aske  counsel,  as  the  Romans  were  woont 
of  the  Oracle  of  Apollo.  They  sing  songs  as  they  march 
towardes  the  battell  in  stead  of  drummes  and  trumpets : 
their  warres  are  very  cruell  and  bloody,  by  reason  whereof, 
and  of  their  civill  dissentions  which  have  happened  of 
late  yeeres  amongst  them,  the  people  are  marvelously 
wasted,  and  in  some  places  the  countrey  left  desolate. 
Or  Pananu-  Adjoyning  to  this  countrey  aforesaid  called  Secotan 
^^°'^'  begin neth    a    countrey    called    Pomovik,    belonging    to 

another  king  whom  they  call  Piamacum,  and  this  king 
is  in  league  with  the  next  king  adjoyning  towards  the 
setting  of  the  Sunne,  and  the  countrey  Newsiok,  situate 
upon  a  goodly  river  called  Neus :  these  kings  have 
mortall  warre  with  Wingina  king  of  Wingandacoa :  but 
about  two  yeeres  past  there  was  a  peace  made  betweene 
the  King  Piemacum,  and  the  Lord  of  Secotan,  as  these 
men  which  we  have  brought  with  us  to  England,  have 
given  us  to  understand :  but  there  remaineth  a  mortall 
malice  in  the  Secotanes,  for  many  injuries  &  slaughters 
done  upon  them  by  this  Piemacum.  They  invited  divers 
men,  and  thirtie  women  of  the  best  of  his  countrey  to 
their  towne  to  a  feast:  and  when  they  were  altogether 
merry,  &  praying  before  their  Idol,  (which  is  nothing  els 
but  a  meer  illusion  of  the  devil)  the  captaine  or  Lord  of 
the  town  came  suddenly  upon  them,  and  slewe  them  every 
one,  reserving  the  women  and  children  :  and  these  two 
have  oftentimes  since  perswaded  us  to  surprize  Piemacum 
his  towne,  having  promised  and  assured  us,  that  there 
will  be  found  in  it  great  store  of  commodities.  But 
whether  their  perswasion  be  to  the  ende  they  may  be 
revenged  of  their  enemies,  or  for  the  love  they  beare 
to  us,  we  leave  that  to  the  tryall  hereafter. 

Beyond  this  Island  called  Roanoak,  are  maine  Islands 
very  plentifull  of  fruits  and  other  naturall  increases, 
together  with  many  townes,  and  villages,  along  the  side 
of  the  continent,  some  bounding  upon  the  Islands,  and 
some  stretching  up  further  into  the  land. 

When  we  first  had  sight  of  this  countrey,  some  thought 

308 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1584. 
the  first  land  we  saw  to  bee  the  continent :  but  after  we 
entred  into  the  Haven,  we  saw  before  us  another  mighty 
long  Sea :  for  there  lyeth  along  the  coast  a  tracte  of  Islands, 
two  hundreth  miles  in  length,  adjoyning  to  the  Ocean  sea, 
and  betweene  the  Islands,  two  or  three  entrances :  when 
you  are  entred  betweene  them  (these  Islands  being  very 
narrow  for  the  most  part,  as  in  most  places  sixe  miles 
broad,  in  some  places  lesse,  in  fewe  more)  then  there 
appeareth  another  great  Sea,  containing  in  bredth  in  some 
places,  forty,  and  in  some  fifty,  in  some  twenty  miles 
over,  before  you  come  unto  the  continent :  and  in  this 
inclosed  Sea  there  are  above  an  hundreth  Islands  of  divers 
bignesses,  whereof  one  is  sixteene  miles  long,  at  which  Roanoak  six- 
we  were,  finding  it  a  most  pleasant  and  fertile  ground,  t^^^^^^^^^°''^g- 
replenished  with  goodly  Cedars,  and  divers  other  sweete 
woods,  full  of  Corrants,  of  flaxe,  and  many  other  notable 
commodities,  which  we  at  that  time  had  no  leasure  to 
view.  Besides  this  Island  there  are  many,  as  I  have  sayd, 
some  of  two,  or  three,  of  foure,  of  five  miles,  some 
more,  some  lesse,  most  beautifull  and  pleasant  to  behold, 
replenished  with  Deere,  Conies,  Hares  and  divers  beasts, 
and  about  them  the  goodliest  and  best  fish  in  the  world, 
and  in  greatest  abundance. 

Thus  Sir,  we  have  acquainted  you  with  the  particulars 
of  our  discovery,  made  this  present  voyage,  as  farre 
foorth  as  the  shortnesse  of  the  time  we  there  continued 
would  affoord  us  take  viewe  of:  and  so  contenting  our 
selves  with  this  service  at  this  time,  which  wee  hope 
hereafter  to  inlarge,  as  occasion  and  assistance  shalbe 
given,  we  resolved  to  leave  the  countrey,  and  to  apply 
our  selves  to  returne  for  England,  which  we  did 
accordingly,  and  arrived  safely  in  the  West  of  England 
about  the  middest  of  September. 

And  whereas  wee  have  above  certified  you  of  the 
countrey  taken  in  possession  by  us,  to  her  Majesties  use, 
and  so  to  yours  by  her  Majesties  grant,  wee  thought  good 
for  the  better  assurance  thereof  to  record  some  of  the 
particular  Gentlemen,  &  men  of  accompt,  who  then  were 

309 


A.D. 
1584. 


[III.  251.] 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

present,  as  witnesses  of  the  same,  that  thereby  all  occasion 
of  cavill  to  the   title   of  the   countrey,  in  her   Majesties 
behalfe  may  be  prevented,  which  otherwise,  such  as  like 
not  the  action  may  use  and  pretend,  whose  names  are : 
Master  Philip  Amadas, 
Master  Arthur  Barlow, 
William  Greenevile, 
John  Wood, 
James  Browewich, 
Henry  Greene, 
J  Benjamin  Wood, 
I  Simon  Ferdinando, 
Nicholas  Petman, 
John  Hewes, 

We  brought  home  also  two  of  the  Savages  being  lustie 
men,  whose  names  were  Wanchese  and  Manteo. 


Captaines. 


y  Of  the  companie. 


I 


The  voiage  made  by  Sir  Richard  Greenvile,  for  Sir 
Walter  Ralegh,  to  Virginia,  in  the  yeere  1585. 

[He  9.  day  of  April,  in  the  yeere  above- 
sayd,  we  departed  from  Plymmouth,  our 
Fleete  consisting  of  the  number  of  seven 
sailes,  to  wit,  the  Tyger,  of  the  burden 
of  seven  score  tunnes,  a  Flie-boat  called 
the  Roe-bucke,  of  the  like  burden,  the 
Lyon  of  a  hundred  tunnes  or  thereabouts, 
the  Elizabeth,  of  fiftie  tunnes,  and  the  Dorothie,  a 
small  barke :  whereunto  were  also  adjoyned  for  speedy 
services,  two  small  pinnesses.  The  principall  Gentlemen 
of  our  companie,  were  these,  M.  Ralph  Lane,  M. 
Tomas  Candish,  M.  John  Arundell,  M.  Raymund,  M. 
Stukeley,  M.  Bremige,  M.  Vincent,  and  M.  John 
Clarke,  and  divers  others,  whereof  some  were  Captaines, 
and  other  some  Assistants  for  counsell,  and  good  direc- 
tions in  the  voyage. 

The   14.  day  of   Aprill    wee    fell  with  Lancerota  and 
Forteventura,  Isles    of   the    Canaries,    and   from    thence 

310 


SIR  RICHARD   GRENVILLE  a.d. 

1585. 

we    continued    our    course    for    Dominica,   one    of   the 

Antiles    of   the   West    India,    wherewith  we  fell  the    7. 

day  of  May,  and  the   10.  day  following  wee  came  to  an 

anker  at  Cotesa,  a  little  Hand  situate  neere  to  the  Hand 

of  S.  John,   where    we  landed,   and  refreshed  our  selves 

all  that  day. 

The   12.  day  of   May  wee  came  to  an    anker   in  the 
Bay    of   Moskito,    in    the    Hand    of  S.   John,    within    a  They  land 
Faulcon   shot    of  the    shoare :    where    our   Generall    Sir  %°^  johTde 
Richard  Greenevil,  and   the  most  part  of  our  companie  Porto  Rico. 
landed,  and  began  to  fortifie  very  neere  to  the  Sea  side : 
the    river  ran   by  the   one    side    of   our  forte,   and    the 
other  two  sides  were  invironed  with  woods. 

The  13.  day  we  began  to  build  a  new  pinnesse  within 
the  Fort,  with  the  timber  that  wee  then  felled  in  the 
countrey,  some  part  whereof  we  fet  three  miles  up  in 
the  land,  and  brought  it  to  our  Fort  upon  trucks,  the 
Spaniard  not  daring  to  make  or  offer   resistance. 

The  16.  day  there  appeared  unto  us  out  of  the  woods 
eight  horsemen  of  the  Spaniards,  about  a  quarter  of  a 
mile  from  our  Fort,  staying  about  halfe  an  houre  in 
viewing  our  forces :  but  assoone  as  they  saw  ten  of  our 
shot  marching  towards  them,  they  presently  retired  into 
the  woods. 

The  19.  day  Master  Candish,  who  had  bene  separated 
from  our  fleete  in  a  storme  in  the  Bay  of  Portugall, 
arrived  at  Cotesa,  within  the  sight  of  the  Tiger :  we 
thinking  him  a  farre  off  to  have  beene  either  a  Spaniard 
or  Frenchman  of  warre,  thought  it  good  to  weigh  ankers, 
and  to  goe  roome  with  him,  which  the  Tiger  did,  and 
discerned  him  at  last  to  be  one  of  our  consorts,  for  joy 
of  whose  comming  our  ships  discharged  their  ordinance, 
and  saluted  him  according  to  the  maner  of  the  Seas. 

The  22.  day  twentie  other  Spanish  horsemen  shewed 
themselves  to  us  upon  the  other  side  of  the  river :  who 
being  seene,  our  Generall  dispatched  20.  footemen  to- 
wards them,  and  two  horsmen  of  ours,  mounted  upon 
Spanish  horses,  which  wee  before  had  taken  in  the  time 

311 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585. 

of  our  being  on  the  Hand :  they  shewed  to  our  men 
a  flagge  of  truce,  and  made  signes  to  have  a  parle  with 
us :  whereupon  two  of  our  men  went  halfe  of  the  way 
upon  the  sands,  and  two  of  theirs  came  and  met  them : 
the  two  Spaniards  offered  very  great  salutations  to  our 
men,  but  began  according  to  their  Spanish  proud  humors, 
to  expostulate  with  them  about  their  arrivall  and  forti- 
fying in  their  countrey,  who  notwithstanding  by  our 
mens  discreet  answers  were  so  cooled,  that  (whereas 
they  were  told,  that  our  principall  intention  was  onely 
to  furnish  our  selves  with  water  and  victuales,  and  other 
necessaries,  wherof  we  stood  in  neede,  which  we  craved 
might  be  yeelded  us  with  faire  and  friendly  meanes, 
otherwise   our   resolution  was    to   practise   force,    and   to 

[III.  252.]  relieve  ourselves  by  the  sworde)  the  Spaniards  in  con- 
clusion seeing  our  men  so  resolute,  yeelded  to  our 
requestes  with  large  promises  of  all  curtesie,  and  great 
favour,  and  so  our  men  and  theirs  departed. 

The  23.  day  our  pinnesse  was  finished,  and  lanched  : 
which  being  done,  our  Generall  with  his  Captaines  and 
Gentlemen,  marched  up  into  the  Countrey  about  the 
space  of  4.  miles,  where  in  a  plaine  marsh  they  stayed 
expecting  the  comming  of  the  Spaniards  according  to 
their  promise,  to  furnish  us  with  victuals :  who  keeping 
their  olde  custome  for  perjurie  and  breach  of  promise, 
came  not,  whereupon  our  Generall  fired  the  woods  there- 
about, and  so  retired  to  our  Fort,  which  the  same  day 
was  fired  also,  and  each  man  came  aboord  to  be  ready 
to  set  saile  the  next  morning. 

The  29.  day  wee  set  saile  from  Saint  Johns,  being 
many  of  us  stung  before  upon  shoare  with  the  Muskitos : 
but  the  same  night  wee  tooke  a  Spanish  Frigat,  which 
was  forsaken  by  the  Spaniards  upon  the  sight  of  us, 
and  the  next  day  in  the  morning  very  early  we  tooke 
another  Frigat,  with  good  and  rich  fraight,  and  divers 
Spaniards  of  account  in  her,  which  afterwards  wee 
ransomed  for  good  round  summes,  and  landed  them 
in  S.  Johns. 

312 


SIR   RICHARD   GRENVILLE  ad. 

1585. 
The  26.  day  our  Lieutenant  Master  Ralph  Lane  went 
in  one  of  the  Frigats  which  we  had  taken,  to  Roxo 
bay  upon  the  Southwest  side  of  Saint  Johns,  to  fetch 
salt,  being  thither  conducted  by  a  Spanish  Pilot :  as 
soone  as  hee  arrived  there,  hee  landed  with  his  men 
to  the  number  of  20.  and  intrenched  himselfe  upon 
the  sandes  immediatly,  compassing  one  of  their  sake 
hils  within  the  trench :  who  being  seene  of  the  Spaniards, 
there  came  downe  towardes  him  two  or  three  troopes  of 
horsemen  and  footmen,  who  gave  him  the  looking,  and 
gazing  on,  but  durst  not  come  neere  him  to  offer  any 
resistance,  so  that  Master  Lane  maugre  their  troopes, 
caryed  their  salte  aboord  and  laded  his  Frigat,  and  so 
returned  againe  to  our  fleete  the  29.  day,  which  road 
at  S.  Germans  Bay.  The  same  day  we  all  departed, 
and  the  next  day  arrived  in  the  Hand  of  Hispaniola. 

June. 

THe  I.  day  of  June  we  anchored  at  Isabella,  on  the 
North  side  of  Hispaniola. 

The  3.  day  of  June,  the  Governour  of  Isabella,  and 
Captaine  of  the  Port  de  Plata,  being  certified  by  the 
reports  of  sundry  Spaniards,  who  had  beene  well  inter- 
tained  aboord  our  shippes  by  our  Generall,  that  in  our 
fleete  were  many  brave  and  gallant  Gentlemen,  who 
greatly  desired  to  see  the  Governour  aforesayd,  he 
thereupon  sent  gentle  commendations  to  our  Generall, 
promising  within  few  dayes  to  come  to  him  in  person, 
which  he  perfourmed  accordingly. 

The  5.  day  the  aforesayd  Governour  accompanied 
with  a  lusty  Fryer,  and  twenty  other  Spaniards,  with 
their  servants,  and  Negroes,  came  downe  to  the  Sea 
side,  where  our  ships  road  at  anker,  who  being  seene, 
our  Generall  manned  immediatly  the  most  part  of  his 
boates  with  the  chiefe  men  of  our  Fleete,  every  man 
appointed,  and  furnished  in  the  best  sort :  at  the  landing 
of  our  Generall,  the  Spanish  governour  received  him 
very   courteously,    and    the    Spanish    Gentlemen    saluted 

313 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1585. 

our  English  Gentlemen,  and  their  inferiour  sort  did 
also  salute  our  Souldiers  and  Sea  men,  liking  our  men, 
and  likewise  their  qualities,  although  at  the  first  they 
seemed  to  stand  in  feare  of  us,  and  of  so  many  of  our 
boates,  whereof  they  desired  that  all  might  not  land 
their  men,  yet  in  the  end,  the  courtesies  that  passed 
on  both  sides  were  so  great,  that  all  feare  and  mistrust 
on  the  Spaniards  part  was  abandoned. 

In  the  meane  time  while  our  English  Generall  and 
the  Spanish  Governour  discoursed  betwixt  them  of  divers 
matters,  as  of  the  state  of  the  Countrey,  the  multitude 
of  the  Townes  and  people,  and  the  commodities  of  the 
Hand,  our  men  provided  two  banquetting  houses  covered 
with  greene  boughes,  the  one  for  the  Gentlemen,  the 
other  for  the  servaunts,  and  a  sumptuous  banquet  was 
brought  in  served  by  us  all  in  plate,  with  the  sound 
of  trumpets,  and  consort  of  musicke,  wherwith  the 
Spaniards  were  more  then  delighted.  Which  banquet 
being  ended,  the  Spaniardes  in  recompence  of  our 
courtesie,  caused  a  great  heard  of  white  buls,  and  kyne 
to  be  brought  together  from  the  mountaines,  and  ap- 
poynted  for  every  Gentleman  and  Captaine  that  would 
ride,  a  horse  ready  sadled,  and  then  singled  out  three  of 
the  best  of  them  to  bee  hunted  by  horsemen  after  their 
maner,  so  that  the  pastime  grewe  very  pleasant  for  the 
space  of  three  houres,  wherein  all  three  of  the  beasts 
were  killed,  whereof  one  tooke  the  Sea,  and  there  was 
slaine  with  a  musket.  After  this  sport,  many  rare  pre- 
sents and  gifts  were  given  and  bestowed  on  both  parts, 
and  the  next  day  wee  played  the  Marchants  in  bargaining 
with  them  by  way  of  trucke  and  exchange  of  divers  of 
their  commodities,  as  horses,  mares,  kine,  buls,  goates, 
swine,  sheepe,  bull-hides,  sugar,  ginger,  pearle,  tabacco, 
and  such  like  commodities  of  the  Hand. 

The  7.  day  we  departed  with  great  good  will  from  the 
Spaniards  from  the  Hand  of  Hispaniola :  but  the  wiser 
sort  doe  impute  this  great  shew  of  friendship,  and 
courtesie  used  towards  us  by  the  Spaniards  rather  to  the 

314 


SIR  RICHARD   GRENVILLE  ad. 

^585. 
force  that  wee  were  of,  and  the  vigilancie,  and  watchful-  [III.  253.] 
nesse  that  was  amongst  us,  then  to  any  heartie  good  will, 
or  sure  friendly  intertainement :  for  doubtlesse  if  they 
had  bene  stronger  then  wee,  wee  might  have  looked  for 
no  better  curtesie  at  their  handes,  then  Master  John 
Haukins  received  at  Saint  John  de  Ullua,  or  John  Oxnam 
neere  the  streights  of  Dariene,  and  divers  others  of  our 
Countrymen  in  other  places. 

The  8.  day  we  ankred  at  a  small  Hand  to  take  Seales, 
which  in  that  place  wee  understood  to  have  bene  in  great 
quantitie,  where  the  Generall  and  certaine  others  with  him 
in  the  pinnesse  were  in  very  great  danger  to  have  beene 
all  cast  away,  but  by  the  helpe  of  God  they  escaped  the 
hasard,  and  returned  aboord  the  Admirall  in  safetie. 

The  9,  day  we  arrived  and  landed  in  the  He  of  Caycos,  ^%  ^^nd  07i 
in  which  Hand  we  searched  for   salte-pondes,  upon  the  ^^^  l^^^  °f 
advertisment   and    information   of  a   Portugall :    who   in 
deede  abused  our  Generall  and  us,  deserving  a  halter  for 
his  hire,  if  it  had  so  pleased  us. 

The   12.  we  ankered  at  Guanima,  and  landed.  Guanima. 

The   15.  and   16.  we  ankered  and  landed  at  Cyguateo.  Cyguateo. 

The  20.  we  fell  with  the  maine  of  Florida. 

The  23.  we  were  in  great  danger  of  a  wracke  on  a 
breach  called  the  Cape  of  Feare. 

The  24.  we  came  to  anker  in  a  harbour,  where  wee 
caught  in  one  tyde  so  much  fish  as  would  have  yeelded 
us  twentie  pounds  in  London  :  this  was  our  first  landing  They  land  in 
in  Florida.  Florida. 

The  26.  we  came  to  anker  at  Wocokon. 

The  29.  wee  weighed  anker  to  bring  the  Tyger  into 
the  harbour,  where  through  the  unskilfulnesse  of  the 
Master  whose  name  was  Fernando,  the  Admirall  strooke 
on  ground,  and  sunke. 

The  3.  we  sent  word  of  our  arriving  at  Wococon,  to  July. 
Wingina  at  Roanoak. 

The  6.  M.  John  Arundel  was  sent  to  the  maine,  and 
Manteo  with  him :  and  Captaine  Aubry  and  Captaine 
Boniten  the  same  day  were  sent  to  Croatoan,  where  they 

315 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585. 

lOund    two    of  our  men  left    there   with    30.   other    by 
Captaine  Reymond,  some  20.  dayes  before. 

The  8.  Captaine  Aubry  and  Captaine  Boniten  re- 
turned, with  two  of  our  men  found  by  them,  to  us  at 
Wocokon. 

The  II.  day  the  Generall  accompanied  in  his  Tilt 
boate  with  Master  John  Arundell,  Master  Stukeley,  and 
divers  other  Gentlemen,  Master  Lane,  Master  Candish, 
Master  Hariot,  and  twentie  others  in  the  new  pinnesse, 
Captaine  Amadas,  Captaine  Clarke,  with  ten  others  in  a 
shipboat,  Francis  Brooke,  and  John  White  in  another 
ship-boate,  passed  over  the  water  from  Wococon  to  the 
maine  land  victualled  for  eight  dayes,  in  which  voyage  we 
first  discovered  the  townes  of  Pomejok,  Aquascogoc  and 
Secotan,  and  also  the  great  lake  called  by  the  Savages 
Paquipe,  with  divers  other  places,  and  so  returned  with 
that  discovery  to  our  Fleete. 

The   12.  we  came  to  the  Towne  of  Pomeiok. 

The   13.  we  passed  by  water  to  Aquascogok. 

The  15.  we  came  to  Secotan,  and  were  well  enter- 
tained there  of  the  Savages. 

The  16.  wee  returned  thence,  and  one  of  our  boates 
with  the  Admirall  was  sent  to  Aquascogok,  to  demaund 
a  silver  cup  which  one  of  the  Savages  had  stollen  from  us, 
and  not  receiving  it  according  to  his  promise,  wee  burnt, 
and  spoyled  their  corne,  and  Towne,  all  the  people  being 
fled. 

The  18.  we  returned  from  the  discovery  of  Secotan, 
and  the  same  day  came  aboord  our  Fleete  ryding  at 
Wococon. 

The  21.  our  Fleete  ankering  at  Wococon,  we  wayed 
anker  for  Hatoraske. 

The  27.  our  Fleete  ankered  at  Hatorask,  and  there  we 
rested. 

The    29.    Grangino    brother    to    king    Wingina    came 
aboord  the  Admirall,  and  Manteo  with  him. 
August.        The  2.  the  Admirall  was  sent  to  Weapomeiok. 

The  5.   M.   John  Arundell  was  sent  for  England. 

316 


SIR   RICHARD   GRENVILLE 


A.D. 

1585. 


The  25.  our  Generall  wayed  anker,  and  set  saile  for 
England. 

About  the  31.  he  tooke  a  Spanish  ship  of  300  tunne 
richly  loaden,  boording  her  with  a  boate  made  with  boards 
of  chests,  which  fell  asunder,  and  sunke  at  the  ships  side, 
assoone  as  ever  he  and  his  men  were  out  of  it. 

The   10.  of  September,  by  foule  weather  the  Generall  September. 
then  shipped  in  the  prize,  lost  sight  of  the  Tyger. 

The  6.  the  Tyger  fell  with  the  Landes  end,  and  the  October. 
same  day  came  to  anker  at  Falmouth. 

The  18.  the  General  came  with  the  prize  to  Plymmouth, 
and  was  courteously  received  by  divers  of  his  worship- 
full  friends. 


The  names  of  those  as  well  Gentlemen  as  others,  [III.  254.] 
that    remained   one   whole   yeere    in   Virginia, 
under    the    Governement    of    Master    Ralph 
Lane. 


M 


Aster  Philip  Amadas, 
Admirall  of  the  coun- 


trey. 
Master  Hariot. 
Master  Acton. 
Master  Edward  Stafford. 
Thomas  Luddington. 
Master  Marvyn. 
Master  Gardiner. 
Captaine  Vaughan. 
Master  Kendall. 
Master  Prideox. 
Robert  Holecroft. 
Rise  Courtney. 
Master  Hugh  Rogers. 
Master  Thomas  Harvie. 
Master  Snelling. 
Master  Anthony  Russe. 
Master  Allyne. 


Richard  Gilbert. 
Steven  Pomarie. 
John  Brocke. 
Bennet  Harrie. 
James  Stevenson. 
Charles  Stevenson. 
Christopher  Lowde. 
Jeremie  Man. 
James  Mason. 
David  Salter. 
Richard  Ireland. 
Thomas  Bookener. 
William  Philips. 
Randall  Mayne. 
James  Skinner. 
George  Eseven. 
John  Chandeler. 
Philip  Blunt. 
Richard  Poore. 


317 


A.D.                          THE    ENGl^J 

LSH    VOYAGES 

[585. 

Master  Michael  Polison. 

Robert  Yong. 

John  Cage. 

Marmaduke  Constable, 

Thomas  Parre. 

Thomas  Hesket. 

William  Randes. 

William  Wasse. 

GefFerey  Churchman. 

John  Fever. 

William  Farthow. 

Daniel. 

John  Taylor. 

Thomas  Taylor. 

Philip  Robyns. 

Richard  Humfrey. 

Thomas  Philips. 

John  Wright. 

Valentine  Beale. 

Gabriel  North. 

Thomas  Foxe, 

Bennet  Chappell. 

Darby  Glande. 

Richard  Sare, 

Edward  Nugen. 

James  Lacie. 

Edward  Kelley. 

Smolkin. 

John  Gostigo. 

Thomas  Smart. 

Erasmus  Clefs. 

Robert. 

Edward  Ketcheman. 

John  Evans. 

John  Linsey. 

Roger  Large. 

Thomas  Rottenbury. 

Humfrey  Garden. 

Roger  Deane. 

Francis  Whitton. 

John   Harris. 

Rowland  Griffyn. 

Francis  Norris. 

William  Millard. 

Matthew  Lyne. 

John  Twit. 

Edward  Kettell. 

Edward  Seclemore. 

Thomas  Wisse. 

John  Anwike. 

Robert  Biscombe. 

Christopher  Marshall. 

William  Backhouse. 

David  Williams. 

William  White. 

Nicholas  Swabber. 

Henry  Potkin. 

Edward  Chipping. 

Dennis  Barnes. 

Silvester  Beching. 

Joseph  Borges. 

Vincent  Cheyne. 

Dougham  Cannes. 

Hance  Walters. 

William  Tenche. 

Edward  Barecombe. 

Randall  Latham. 

Thomas  Skeuelabs. 

Thomas  Hulme. 

William  Walters. 

Walter  Mill. 

318 


LETTER  FROM  RALPH  LANE 


A.D. 
1585. 


An  extract  of  Master  Ralph  Lanes  letter  to  M. 
Richard  Hakluyt  Esquire,  and  another  Gentle- 
man of  the  middle  Temple,  from  Virginia. 

N  the  meane  while  you  shall  understand, 
that  since  Sir  Richard  Greenvils  departure 
from  us,  as  also  before,  we  have  dis- 
covered the  maine  to  be  the  goodliest 
oyle  under  the  cope  of  heaven,  so 
abounding  with  sweete  trees,  that  bring 
such  sundry  rich  and  pleasant  gummes, 
grapes  of  such  greatnesse,  yet  wilde,  as  France,  Spaine  nor 
Italie  have  no  greater,  so  many  sorts  of  Apothecarie  drugs, 
such  severall  kindes  of  flaxe,  &  one  kind  like  silke,  the 
same  gathered  of  a  grasse,  as  common  there,  as  grasse  is 
here.  And  now  within  these  few  dayes  we  have  found 
here  Maiz  or  Guinie  wheate,  whose  eare  yeeldeth  corne 
for  bread  400.  upon  one  eare,  and  the  Cane  maketh  very 
good  and  perfect  sugar,  also  Terra  Samia,  otherwise  Terra 
sigillata.  Besides  that,  it  is  the  goodliest  and  most 
pleasing  Territorie  of  the  world :  for  the  continent  is 
of  an  huge  and  unknowen  greatnesse,  and  very  well 
peopled  and  towned,  though  savagely,  and  the  climate 
so  wholsome,  that  wee  had  not  one  sicke  since  we 
touched  the  land  here.  To  conclude,  if  Virginia  had 
but  horses  and  kine  in  some  reasonable  proportion,  I  dare 
assure  my  selfe  being  inhabited  with  English,  no  realme 
in  Christendome  were  comparable  to  it.  For  this  already  [III.  255.] 
we  finde,  that  what  commodities  soever  Spaine,  France, 
Italy,  or  the  East  partes  doe  yeeld  unto  us,  in  wines  of 
all  sortes,  in  oyles,  in  flaxe,  in  rosens,  pitch,  frankensence.  The  rich  and 
corrans,  sugers,  and  such  like,  these  parts  doe  abound  ^^^^V°ld- com- 
with  the  growth  of  them  all,  but  being  Savages  that 
possesse  the  land,  they  know  no  use  of  the  same.  And 
sundry  other  rich  commodities,  that  no  parts  of  the 
world,  be  they  West  or  East  Indies,  have,  here  wee  finde 
great   abundance    of.       The    people    naturally   are    most 

319 


modittes  of 
Firginia. 


A.D. 
1585. 

Commodities 
Jit  to  carie  to 
Virginia. 


2,  parts  of 
this  discourse. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

courteous,  and  very  desirous  to  have  clothes,  but  especially 
of  course  cloth  rather  then  silke,  course  canvas  they  also 
like  well  of,  but  copper  caryeth  the  price  of  all,  so  it 
be  made  red.  Thus  good  M.  Hakluyt  and  M.  H. 
I  have  joyned  you  both  in  one  letter  of  remembrance, 
as  two  that  I  love  dearely  well,  and  commending  me  most 
heartily  to  you  both,  I  commit  you  to  the  tuition  of  the 
Almightie.  From  the  new  Fort  in  Virginia,  this  third 
of  September,  1585. 

Your  most  assured  friend  Ralph  Lane. 

An  account  of  the  particularities  of  the  im- 
ployments  of  the  English  men  left  in  Virginia 
by  Sir  Richard  Greenevill  under  the  charge 
of  Master  Ralph  Lane  Generall  of  the  same, 
from  the  17.  of  August  1585.  until  the  18. 
of  June  1586.  at  which  time  they  departed 
the  Countrey :  sent  and  directed  to  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh. 

Hat  I  may  proceede  with  order  in  this 
discourse,  I  thinke  it  requisite  to  divide 
it  into  two  parts.  The  first  shall  de- 
clare the  particularities  of  such  parts 
of  the  Countrey  within  the  maine,  as 
our  weake  number,  and  supply  of  things 
necessarie  did  inable  us  to  enter  into  the 
discovery  of. 

The  second  part  shall  set  downe  the  reasons  generally 
moving  us  to  resolve  on  our  departure  at  the  instant 
with  the  Generall  Sir  Francis  Drake,  and  our  common 
request  for  passage  with  him,  when  the  barkes,  pinnesses, 
and  boates  with  the  Masters  and  Mariners  meant  by  him 
to  bee  left  in  the  Countrey,  for  the  supply  of  such,  as  for 
a  further  time  meant  to  have  stayed  there,  were  caryed 
away  with  tempest  and  foule  weather:  In  the  beginning 
whereof  shall  bee  declared  the  conspiracie  of  Pemisapan, 
with  the  Savages  of  the  maine  to  have  cut  us  off,  &c. 

320 


A.D. 
1585-86. 


RALPH   LANE 

The  first   part  declaring  the  particularities  of  the 
Countrey  of  Virginia. 

Irst  therefore  touching  the  particularities 
of  the  Countrey,  you  shall  understand 
that  our  discoverie  of  the  same  hath 
beene  extended  from  the  Hand  of  Roan- 
oak,  (the  same  having  bene  the  place  of 
our  settlement  or  inhabitation)  into  the 
South,  into  the  North,  into  the  North- 
west, and  into  the  West. 

The  uttermost  place  to  the  Southward  of  any  discovery 
was  Secotan,  being  by  estimation  fourescore  miles  distant 
from  Roanoak.  The  passage  from  thence  was  through 
a  broad  sound  within  the  mayne,  the  same  being  without 
kenning  of  lande,  and  yet  full  of  flats  and  shoalds :  we 
had  but  one  boate  with  foure  oares  to  passe  through  the 
same,  which  boate  could  not  carry  above  fifteene  men 
with  their  furniture,  baggage,  and  victuall  for  seven  dayes 
at  the  most :  and  as  for  our  pinnesse,  besides  that  she 
drew  too  deep  water  for  that  shallow  sound,  she  would 
not  stirre  for  an  oare :  for  these  and  other  reasons  (winter 
also  being  at  hand)  we  thought  good  wholly  to  leave  the 
discovery  of  those  parts  untill  our  stronger  supply. 

To  the  Northward  our  furthest  discovery  was  to  the 
Chesepians,  distant  from  Roanoak  about  130.  miles,  the 
passage  to  it  was  very  shallow  and  most  dangerous,  by 
reason  of  the  bredth  of  the  sound,  and  the  little  succour 
that  upon  any  flawe  was  there  to  be  had. 

But  the  Territorie  and  soyle  of  the  Chesepians  (being 
distant  fifteene  miles  from  the  shoare)  was  for  pleasantnes  The  excellen- 
of  seate,  for  temperature  of  Climate,  for  fertilitie  of  soyle,  "yftheseate 
and  for  the  commoditie  of  the  Sea,  besides  multitude  of  ^      e^^P^o"  ■ 
Beares  (being  an  excellent  good  victuall)  with  great  woods 
of  Sassafras,  and  Wallnut  trees,  is  not  to  be  excelled  by 
any  other  whatsoever. 

There  be  sundry  Kings,  whom  they  call  Weroances, 
and  Countrey s  of  great  fertility  adjoyning  to  the  same,  as 

VIII  321  X 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

the  Mandoages,  Tripanicks,  and  Opossians,  which  all  came 
to  visite  the  Colonic  of  the  English,  which  I  had  for  a 
time  appointed  to  be  resident  there. 

To  the  Northwest  the  farthest  place  of  our  discovery- 
was  to  Chawanook  distant  from  Roanoak  about  130. 
miles.  Our  passage  thither  lyeth  through  a  broad  sound, 
but  all  fresh  water,  and  the  chanell  of  a  great  depth, 
navigable  for  good  shipping,  but  out  of  the  chanell  full 
of  shoalds. 
[III.  256.]  The  Townes   about   the   waters    side  situated  by  the 

way  are  these  following :  Passaquenoke  The  womans 
Towne,  Chepanoc,  Weapomeiok,  Muscamunge,  & 
Metackwem :  all  these  being  under  the  jurisdiction  of 
the  king  of  Weapomeiok,  called  Okisco :  from  Musca- 
munge we  enter  into  the  River,  and  jurisdiction  of 
Chawanook:  There  the  River  beginneth  to  straighten 
untill  it  come  to  Chawanook,  and  then  groweth  to 
be  as  narrow  as  the  Thames  betewene  Westminster,  and 
Lambeth. 

Betwene  Muscamunge  and  Chawanook  upon  the  left 
hand  as  wee  passe  thither,  is  a  goodly  high  land,  and 
there  is  a  Towne  which  we  called  The  blinde  Towne, 
but  the  Savages  called  it  Ohanoak,  and  hath  a  very 
goodly  corne  field  belonging  unto  it :  it  is  subject  to 
Chawanook. 
The  towne  of  Chawanook  it  selfe  is  the  greatest  Province  &  Seie:- 
L.nawanoo/i      niorie  lying  upon  that  River,  and  the  very  Towne  it  selfe 

CIuIB  to  THClkB        .  /oi  ^         '  ^  J 

700.  men  of    '^^  '^^  ^°  P^^  7*^*^-  %hting  men  into  the  fielde,  besides 

warre.  the  force  of  the  Province  it  selfe. 

The  King  of  the  sayd  Province  is  called  Menatonon, 
a  man  impotent  in  his  lims,  but  otherwise  for  a  Savage,  a 
very  grave  and  wise  man,  and  of  a  very  singular  good 
discourse  in  matters  concerning  the  state,  not  onely  of  his 
owne  Countrey,  and  the  disposition  of  his  owne  men,  but 
also  of  his  neighbours  round  about  him  as  well  farre  as 
neere,  and  of  the  commodities  that  eache  Countrey 
yeeldeth.  When  I  had  him  prisoner  with  me,  for  two 
dayes  that  we  were  together,  he  gave  mee  more  under- 

322 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 

standing  and  light  of  the  Countrey  then  I  had  received 

by  all  the  searches  and  Savages  that  before  I  or  any  of  my 

companie  had  had  conference  with :  it  was  in  March  last 

past    1586.      Amongst  other   things   he    tolde    me,   that 

going  three  dayes  journey  in  a  Canoa,  up  his  River  of 

Chawanookj  and   then  descending   to   the  land,  you  are 

within  foure  dayes  journey  to  passe  over  land  Northeast 

to  a  certaine  Kings  countrey,  whose  Province  lyeth  upon 

the  Sea,  but  his  place  of  greatest  strength  is  an  Island  ^»  ^^^^'^  ^'« 

situate,  as  hee  described  unto  mee,  in  a  Bay,  the  water  ^    ^^' 

round  about  the  Island  very  deepe. 

Out  of  this  Bay  hee  signified  unto  mee,  that  this  dearies  in  ex- 
King  had  so  great  quantitie  of  Pearle,  and  doeth  so  ^y  ^^^  ^^^^' 
ordinarily  take  the  same,  as  that  not  onely  his  owne 
skinnes  that  hee  weareth,  and  the  better  sort  of  his 
gentlemen  and  followers  are  full  set  with  the  sayd 
Pearle,  but  also  his  beds,  and  houses  are  garnished  with 
them,  and  that  hee  hath  such  quantitie  of  them,  that 
it  is  a  wonder  to  see. 

He  shewed  me  that  the  sayd  King  was  with  him  at 
Chawanook  two  yeeres  before,  &  brought  him  certaine 
Pearle,  but  the  same  of  the  worst  sort,  yet  was  he 
faine  to  buy  them  of  him  for  copper  at  a  deere  rate,  as 
he  thought.  Hee  gave  mee  a  rope  of  the  same  pearle, 
but  they  were  blacke,  and  naught,  yet  many  of  them 
were  very  great,  and  a  few  amongst  a  number  very 
orient  and  round,  all  which  I  lost  with  other  things  of 
mine,  comming  aboord  Sir  Francis  Drake  his  Fleete : 
yet  he  tolde  me  that  the  sayd  King  had  great  store  of 
Pearle  that  were  white,  great,  and  round,  and  that  his 
blacke  Pearle  his  men  did  take  out  of  shallow  water, 
but  the  white  Pearle  his  men  fished  for  in  very  deepe 
water. 

It  seemed  to  me  by  his  speach,  that  the  sayd  King 
had  traffique  with  white  men  that  had  clothes  as  we  have, 
for  these  white  Pearle,  and  that  was  the  reason  that  hee 
would  not  depart  with  other  then  with  blacke  Pearles, 
to  those  of  the  same  countrey. 

323 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

The  king  of  Chawanook  promised  to  give  me  guids 
to  go  over  land  into  that  kings  countrey  whensoever 
I  would :  but  he  advised  me  to  take  good  store  of 
men  with  me,  and  good  store  of  victuall,  for  he  said, 
that  king  would  be  loth  to  suffer  any  strangers  to  enter 
into  his  Countrey,  and  especially  to  meddle  with  the 
fishing  for  any  Pearle  there,  and  that  hee  was  able  to 
make  a  great  many  of  men  into  the  field,  which  he 
sayd  would  fight  very  well. 

Hereupon  I  resolved  with  my  selfe,  that  if  your  supplie 
had  come  before  the  ende  of  Aprill,  and  that  you  had 
sent  any  store  of  boates  or  men,  to  have  had  them 
made  in  any  reasonable  time,  with  a  sufficient  number 
of  men  and  victuals  to  have  found  us  untill  the  new 
corne  were  come  in,  I  would  have  sent  a  small  barke 
with  two  pinnesses  about  by  Sea  to  the  Northward  to 
have  found  out  the  Bay  he  spake  of,  and  to  have 
sounded  the  barre  if  there  were  any,  which  should 
have  ridden  there  in  the  sayd  Bay  about  that  Hand, 
while  I  with  all  the  small  boates  I  could  make,  and 
with  two  hundred  men  would  have  gone  up  to  the  head 
An  enterprise  of  the  river  of  Chawanook  with  the  guids  that  Mena- 
of  speciall  im-  tonon  would  have  given  me,  which  I  would  have  bene 
assured  should  have  beene  of  his  best  men,  (for  I  had 
his  best  beloved  sonne  prisoner  with  me)  who  also 
should  have  kept  me  companie  in  an  handlocke  with 
the  rest,  foote  by  foote,  all  the  voyage  over  land. 

My  meaning  was  further  at  the  head  of  the  River 
in  the  place  of  my  descent  where  I  would  have  left  my 
boates,  to  have  raised  a  sconse  with  a  small  trench,  and 
a  pallisado  upon  the  top  of  it,  in  the  which,  and  in 
the  guard  of  my  boates  I  would  have  left  five  and 
[III.  257.]  twentie,  or  thirtie  men,  with  the  rest  would  I  have 
marched  with  as  much  victuall  as  every  man  could 
have  caried,  with  their  furniture,  mattocks,  spades  and 
axes,  two  dayes  journey.  In  the  ende  of  my  march 
upon  some  convenient  plot  would  I  have  raised  another 
sconse    according    to   the    former,    where   I    would    have 

324 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 

left  fifteene  or  twentie.  And  if  it  would  have  fallen 
out  conveniently,  in  the  way  I  would  have  raised  my 
saide  sconse  upon  some  Corne  fielde,  that  my  company 
might  have  lived  upon  it. 

And  so  I  would  have  holden  this  course  of  insconsing  Whither  M. 
every  two    dayes    march,    untill    I   had   bene  arrived   at       -f^    ^"^ 

.  •  17l6Cltlt  to  7'B— 

the  Bay  or  Port  hee  spake  of:  which  finding  to  bee  ^^^^^ 
worth  the  possession,  I  would  there  have  raised  a  maine 
fort,  both  for  the  defence  of  the  harborough,  and  our 
shipping  also,  and  would  have  reduced  our  whole  habi- 
tation from  Roanoak  and  from  the  harborough  and  port 
there  (which  by  proofe  is  very  naught)  unto  this  other 
beforementioned,  from  whence,  in  the  foure  dayes 
march  before  specified,  could  I  at  al  times  returne 
with  my  company  back  unto  my  boates  riding  under 
my  sconse,  very  neere  whereunto  directly  from  the 
West  runneth  a  most  notable  River,  and  in  all  those 
parts  most  famous,  called  the  River  of  Moratoc.  This 
River  openeth  into  the  broad  Sound  of  Weapomeiok. 
And  whereas  the  River  of  Chawanook,  and  all  the  other 
Sounds,  and  Bayes,  salt  and  fresh,  shewe  no  current 
in  the  world  in  calme  weather,  but  are  mooved  alto- 
gether with  the  winde :  This  River  of  Moratoc  hath 
so  violent  a  current  from  the  West  and  Southwest,  that 
it  made  me  almost  of  opinion  that  with  oares  it  would 
scarse  be  navigable :  it  passeth  with  many  creekes  and 
turnings,  and  for  the  space  of  thirtie  miles  rowing,  and 
more,  it  is  as  broad  as  the  Thames  betwixt  Green-wich 
and  the  Isle  of  dogges,  in  some  place  more,  and  in 
some  lesse :  the  current  runneth  as  strong,  being  entred 
so  high  into  the  River,  as  at  London  bridge  upon  a 
vale  water. 

And  for  that  not  onely  Menatonon,  but  also  the 
Savages  of  Moratoc  themselves  doe  report  strange  things 
of  the  head  of  that  River,  and  that  from  Moratoc  it 
selfe,  which  is  a  principall  Towne  upon  that  River,  it 
is  thirtie  dayes  as  some  of  them  say,  and  some  say 
fourtie   dayes  voyage  to   the  head    thereof,   which    head 

325 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

they  say  springeth  out  of  a  maine  rocke  in  that  abun- 
dance, that  forthwith  it  maketh  a  most  violent  streame : 
and  further,  that  this  huge  rock  standeth  so  neere  unto 
a  Sea,  that  many  times  in  stormes  (the  winde  comming 
outwardly  from  the  sea)  the  waves  thereof  are  beaten 
into  the  said  fresh  streame,  so  that  the  fresh  water  for 
a  certaine  space,  groweth  salt  and  brackish :  I  tooke  a 
resolution  with  my  selfe,  having  dismissed  Menatonon 
upon  a  ransome  agreed  for,  and  sent  his  sonne  into  the 
Pinnesse  to  Roanoak,  to  enter  presently  so  farre  into 
that  River  with  two  double  whirries,  and  fourtie  persons 
one  or  other,  as  I  could  have  victuall  to  cary  us,  until 
we  could  meete  with  more  either  of  the  Moratoks,  or 
of  the  Mangoaks,  which  is  another  kinde  of  Savages, 
dwelling:  more  to  the  Westward  of  the  said  River :  but 
the  hope  of  recovering  more  victuall  from  the  Savages 
made  mee  and  my  company  as  narrowly  to  escape 
starving  in  that  discoverie  before  our  returne,  as  ever 
men  did,  that  missed  the  same. 
Winona  For  Pemisapan,   who   had  changed  his  name   of  Win- 

changeth  his  ^^^^  upon  the  death  of  his  brother  Granganimo,  had 
given  both  the  Choanists,  and  Mangoaks  worde  of  my 
purpose  touching  them,  I  having  bene  inforced  to  make 
him  privie  to  the  same,  to  bee  served  by  him  of  a  guide 
to  the  Mangoaks,  and  yet  hee  did  never  rest  to  solicite 
continually  my  going  upon  them,  certifying  mee  of  a 
generall  assembly  even  at  that  time  made  by  Menatonon 
at  Chawanook  of  all  his  Weroances,  and  allies  to  the 
number  of  three  thousand  bowes,  preparing  to  come 
upon  us  at  Roanoak,  and  that  the  Mangoaks  also  were 
joyned  in  the  same  confederate,  who  were  able  of  them- 
Conspiracie  of  selves  to  bring  as  many  more  to  the  enterprise :  And 
ike  Savages      ^^^^   -j.   ^^g    ^.j^^^.  ^^  ^]^^^  ^jj^g   ^\^q  assembly  was  holden 

^En^lish  ^  ^^  Chawanook  about  us,  as  I  found  at  my  comming 
thither,  which  being  unlooked  for  did  so  dismay  them, 
as  it  made  us  have  the  better  hand  at  them.  But  this 
confederacie  against  us  of  the  Choanists  and  Mangoaks 
was  altogether  and  wholly  procured   by  Pemisapan  him- 

326 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 

selfe,  as  Menatonon  confessed  unto  me,  who  sent  them 

continual    word,    that    our    purpose    was    fully    bent    to 

destroy  them  :  on  the  other  side  he  told  me,  that  they 

had  tlie  like  meaning  towards  us. 

Hee  in  like  sort  having  sent  worde  to  the  Mangoaks 
of  mine  intention  to  passe  up  into  their  River,  and  to 
kill  them  (as  he  saide)  both  they  and  the  Moratoks, 
with  whom  before  wee  were  entred  into  a  league,  and 
they  had  ever  dealt  kindly  with  us,  abandoned  their 
Townes  along  the  River,  and  retired  themselves  with 
their  *Crenepos,  and  their  Corne  within  the  maine  :  *  Their 
insomuch  as  having  passed  three  dayes  voyage  up  the  '^°^^"- 
River,  wee  could  not  meete  a  man,  nor  iinde  a  graine 
of  Corne  in  any  their  Townes :  whereupon  considering 
with  my  selfe  that  wee  had  but  two  dayes  victuall 
left,  and  that  wee  were  then  160.  miles  from  home, 
besides  casualtie  of  contrary  windes  or  stormes,  and  sus- 
pecting treason  of  our  owne  Savages  in  the  discoverie 
of  our  voyage  intended,  though  wee  had  no  intention 
to  bee  hurtfull  to  any  of  them,  otherwise  then  for  our  [III.  258.] 
copper  to  have  had  corne  of  them :  I  at  night  upon 
the  Corps  of  guard,  before  the  putting  foorth  of  Cen- 
tinels,  advertised  the  whole  company  of  the  case  wee 
stoode  in  for  victuall,  and  of  mine  opinion  that  we  were 
betrayed  by  our  owne  Savages,  and  of  purpose  drawen 
foorth  by  them  upon  vaine  hope  to  be  in  the  ende 
starved,  seeing  all  the  Countrey  fled  before  us,  and 
therefore  while  wee  had  those  two  dayes  victuall  left,  1 
thought  it  good  for  us  to  make  our  returne  homeward, 
and  that  it  were  necessary  for  us  to  get  the  other  side 
of  the  Sound  of  Weopomeiok  in  time,  where  wee  might 
be  relieved  upon  the  weares  of  Chypanum,  and  the 
womens  Towne,  although  the  people  were  fled. 

Thus  much  I  signified  unto  them,  as  the  safest  way: 
neverthelesse  I  did  referre  it  to  the  greatest  number  of 
voyces,  whether  wee  should  adventure  the  spending  of 
our  whole  victuall  in  some  further  viewe  of  that  most 
goodly  River  in  hope  to  meete  with  some  better  happe, 

327 


A.D.  THE  ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

or  otherwise  to  retire  our  selves  backe  againe.  And 
for  that  they  might  be  the  better  advised,  I  willed 
them  to  deliberate  all  night  upon  the  matter,  and  in 
the  morning  at  our  going  aborde  to  set  our  course 
according  to  the  desires  of  the  greatest  part.  Their 
resolution  fully  and  wholy  was  (and  not  three  founde 
to  bee  of  the  contrary  opinion)  that  whiles  there  was 
left  but  one  halfe  pinte  of  Corne  for  a  man,  wee 
should  not  leave  the  search  of  that  River,  and  that 
there  were  in  the  companie  two  Mastives,  upon  the 
pottage  of  which  with  Sassafras  leaves  (if  the  worst 
fell  out)  the  company  would  make  shift  to  live  two 
dayes,  which  time  would  bring  them  downe  the  current 
to  the  mouth  of  the  River,  and  to  the  entrie  of  the 
Sound,  and  in  two  dayes  more  at  the  farthest  they 
hoped  to  crosse  the  Sound  and  to  bee  relieved  by  the 
weares,  which  two  dayes  they  would  fast  rather  then 
be  drawen  backe  a  foote  till  they  had  seene  the  Man- 
goaks,  either  as  friendes  or  foes.  This  resolution  of 
theirs  did  not  a  little  please  mee,  since  it  came  of 
themselves,  although  for  mistrust  of  that  which  after- 
wards did  happen,  I  pretended  to  have  bene  rather  of 
the  contrary  opinion. 

And    that    which    made    me    most    desirous    to    have 

some   doings  with  the  Mangoaks  either  in  friendship  or 

otherwise  to   have  had  one   or    two  of  them    prisoners, 

was,   for  that   it  is   a   thing  most    notorious    to    all    the 

countrey,   that    there    is   a    Province    to    the    which    the 

said  Mangoaks  have  recourse  and  trafique  up  that  River 

A  marvellous    of  Moratoc,  v/hich   hath  a  marveilous  and  most  strange 

Mineral  tn       Minerall.     This   Mine  is    so    notorious   amongst    them, 

ofCkaunis       ^^    ^^^    onely    to    the    Savages    dwelling    up    the    said 

Temoatan.        river,  and   also  to  the   Savages  of   Chawanook,  and    all 

them    to    the    Westward,   but    also  to    all   them   of  the 

maine :    the  Countreis  name    is    of   fame,  and    is    called 

Chaunis  Temoatan. 

The   Minerall   they  say  is  Wassador,  which  is  copper, 
but   they  call  by  the   name   of  Wassador    every  mettall 

328 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 
whatsoever :  they  say  it  is  of  the  colour  of  our  copper, 
but  our  copper  is  better  then  theirs :  and  the  reason 
is  for  that  it  is  redder  and  harder,  whereas  that  of 
Chaunis  Temoatan  is  very  soft,  and  pale :  they  say 
that  they  take  the  saide  mettall  out  of  a  river  that 
falleth  very  swift  from  hie  rockes  and  hils,  and  they 
take  it  in  shallow  water :  the  maner  is  this.  They  take 
a  great  bowle  by  their  description  as  great  as  one  of 
our  targets,  and  wrappe  a  skinne  over  the  hollow  part 
thereof,  leaving  one  part  open  to  receive  in  the  minerall : 
that  done,  they  watch  the  comming  downe  of  the  cur- 
rent, and  the  change  of  the  colour  of  the  water,  and 
then  suddenly  chop  downe  the  said  bowle  with  the 
skinne,  and  receive  into  the  same  as  much  oare  as  will 
come  in,  which  is  ever  as  much  as  their  bowle  will 
holde,  which  presently  they  cast  into  a  fire,  and  foorth- 
with  it  melteth,  and  doeth  yeelde  in  five  parts,  at  the 
first  melting,  two  parts  of  metall  for  three  parts  of  oare. 
Of  this  metall  the  Mangoaks  have  so  great  store,  by 
report  of  all  the  Savages  adjoyning,  that  they  beautifie 
their  houses  with  great  plates  of  the  same :  and  this  to 
be  true,  I  received  by  report  of  all  the  countrey,  and 
particularly  by  yong  Skiko,  the  King  of  Chawanooks 
Sonne  my  prisoner,  who  also  himselfe  had  bene  prisoner 
with  the  Mangoaks,  and  set  downe  all  the  particularities 
to  me  before  mentioned :  but  hee  had  not  bene  at 
Chawnis  Temoatan  himselfe :  for  hee  said,  it  was  twentie 
dayes  journey  overland  from  the  Mangoaks,  to  the  said 
Mineral  Countrey,  and  that  they  passed  through  certaine 
other  territories  betweene  them  and  the  Mangoaks,  before 
they  came  to  the  said  Countrey. 

Upon  report  of  the  premisses,  which  I  was  very 
inquisitive  in  all  places  where  I  came  to  take  very  par- 
ticular information  of,  by  all  the  Savages  that  dwelt 
towards  those  parts,  and  especially  of  Menatonon  him- 
selfe, who  in  every  thing  did  very  particularly  informe 
mee,  and  promised  me  guides  of  his  owne  men,  who 
should  passe  over  with    me,  even  to   the  said  Country 

329 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

of  Chaunis  Temoatan  (for  overland  from  Chawanook  to 
the  Mangoaks  is  but  one  dayes  journey  from  Sunne 
rising  to  Sunne  setting,  whereas  by  water  it  is  seven 
dayes  with  the  soonest :)  These  things,  I  say,  made  me 
very  desirous  by  all  meanes  possible  to  recover  the 
Mangoaks,  and  to  get  some  of  that  their  copper  for 
an  assay,  and  therefore  I  willingly  yeelded  to  their 
[III.  259.]  resolution :  But  it  fell  out  very  contrary  to  all  expecta- 
tion, and  likelyhood :  for  after  two  dayes  travell,  and 
our  whole  victuall  spent,  lying  on  shoare  all  night,  wee 
could  never  see  man,  onely  fires  we  might  perceive  made 
alongst  the  shoare  where  we  were  to  passe,  and  up  into 
the  Countrey,  untill  the  very  last  day.  In  the  evening 
whereof,  about  three  of  the  clocke  wee  heard  certaine 
Savages  call  as  we  thought,  Manteo,  who  was  also  at 
that  time  with  me  in  the  boat,  whereof  we  all  being 
very  glad,  hoping  of  some  friendly  conference  with 
them,  and  making  him  to  answere  them,  they  presently 
began  a  song,  as  we  thought,  in  token  of  our  welcome 
to  them :  but  Manteo  presently  betooke  him  to  his 
piece,  and  tolde  mee  that  they  meant  to  fight  with  us : 
which  worde  was  not  so  soone  spoken  by  him,  and  the 
A  conflict  light  horseman  ready  to  put  to  shoare,  but  there  lighted 
]f£"^J^  a  voUie   of   their   arrowes   amongst    them    in   the    boat, 

but  did  no  hurt  (God  be  thanked)  to  any  man.  Im- 
mediatly,  the  other  boate  lying  ready  with  their  shot 
to  skoure  the  place  for  our  hand  weapons  to  lande 
upon,  which  was  presently  done,  although  the  land  was 
very  high  and  steepe,  the  Savages  forthwith  quitted  the 
shoare,  and  betooke  themselves  to  flight :  wee  landed, 
and  having  faire  and  easily  followed  for  a  smal  time 
after  them,  who  had  wooded  themselves  we  know  not 
where :  the  Sunne  drawing  then  towards  the  setting, 
and  being  then  assured  that  the  next  day  if  wee  would 
pursue  them,  though  we  might  happen  to  meete  with 
them,  yet  wee  should  be  assured  to  meete  with  none 
of  their  victuall,  which  we  then  had  good  cause  to 
thinke   of:    therefore   choosing   for   the   company  a   con- 

330 


Savages. 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 

venient  ground  in  safetie  to  lodge  in  for  the  night, 
making  a  strong  Corps  of  guard,  and  putting  out  good 
Centinels,  I  determined  the  next  morning  before  the 
rising  of  the  Sunne  to  be  going  backe  againe,  if  pos- 
sibly we  might  recover  the  mouth  of  the  river,  into 
the  broad  sound,  which  at  my  first  motion  I  found  my 
whole  company  ready  to  assent  unto :  for  they  were 
nowe  come  to  their  Dogges  porredge,  that  they  had 
bespoken  for  themselves  if  that  befell  them  which  did, 
and  I  before  did  mistrust  we  should  hardly  escape. 
The  ende  was,  we  came  the  next  day  by  night  to  the  ^-^^  S^^^^ 
Rivers  mouth  within  foure  or  five  miles  of  the  same,  '^^^^^  JI 
having  rowed  in  one  day  downe  the  current,  as  much  Morattko. 
as  in  foure  dayes  wee  had  done  against  the  same :  we 
lodged  upon  an  Hand,  where  we  had  nothing  in  the 
world  to  eate  but  pottage  of  Sassafras  leaves,  the  like 
whereof  for  a  meate  was  never  used  before  as  I  thinke. 
The  broad  sound  wee  had  to  passe  the  next  day  all 
fresh  and  fasting:  that  day  the  winde  blew  so  strongly, 
and  the  billow  so  great,  that  there  was  no  possibilitie 
of  passage  without  sinking  of  our  boates.  This  was 
upon  Easter  eve,  which  was  fasted  very  truely.  Upon 
Easter  day  in  the  morning  the  winde  comming  very 
calme,  we  entred  the  sound,  and  by  foure  of  the  clocke 
we  were  at  Chipanum,  whence  all  the  Savages  that  we 
had  left  there  were  fled,  but  their  weares  did  yeelde 
us  some  fish,  as  God  was  pleased  not  utterly  to  suifer 
us  to  be  lost :  for  some  of  our  company  of  the  light 
horsemen  were  farre  spent.  The  next  morning  wee 
arrived  at  our  home  Roanoak. 

I  have  set  downe  this  Voyage  somewhat  particularly, 
to  the  ende  it  may  appeare  unto  you  (as  true  it  is) 
that  there  wanted  no  great  good  will  from  the  most  to 
the  least  amongst  us,  to  have  perfited  this  discoverie 
of  the  Mine :  for  that  the  discovery  of  a  good  Mine, 
by  the  goodnesse  of  God,  or  a  passage  to  the  South- 
sea,  or  some  way  to  it,  and  nothing  els  can  bring  this 
Countrey    in    request    to    be    inhabited    by    our    nation. 

331 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

And  with  the  discovery  of  either  of  the  two  above 
shewed,  it  will  bee  the  most  sweete  and  healthfullest 
climate,  and  therewithall  the  most  fertile  soyle  (being 
manured)  in  the  world :  and  then  will  Sassafras,  and 
many  other  rootes  and  gummes  there  found  make  good 
marchandise  and  lading  for  shipping,  which  otherwise 
of  themselves  will  not  be  worth  the  fetching. 

Provided  also,  that  there  be  found  out  a  better  har- 
borough  then  yet  there  is,  which  must  be  to  the 
Northward,  if  any  there  bee,  which  was  mine  intention 
to  have  spent  this  Summer  in  the  search  of,  and  of 
the  Mine  of  Chawnis  Temoatan :  the  one  I  would 
have  done,  if  the  barkes  that  I  should  have  had  of  Sir 
Francis  Drake,  by  his  honourable  courtesie,  had  not 
bene  driven  away  by  storme :  the  other  if  your  supply 
of  more  men,  and  some  other  necessaries  had  come  to 
us  in  any  convenient  sufficiencie.  For  this  river  of 
Moratico  promiseth  great  things,  and  by  the  opinion  of 
M.  Hariots  the  head  of  it  by  the  description  of  the 
Countrey,  either  riseth  from  the  bay  of  Mexico,  or  els 
from  very  neere  unto  the  same,  that  openeth  out  into 
the  South  sea. 

And  touching  the  Minerall,  thus  doeth  M.  Youghan 
affirme,  that  though  it  be  but  copper,  seeing  the  Savages 
are  able  to  melt  it,  it  is  one  of  the  richest  Minerals  in 
the  world. 

Wherefore  a  good  harborough  found  to  the  North- 
ward, as  before  is  saide,  and  from  thence  foure  dayes 
overland,  to  the  River  of  Choanoak  sconses  being  raised, 
from  whence  againe  overland  through  the  province  of 
Choanoak  one  dayes  voyage  to  the  first  towne  of  the 
Mangoaks  up  the  river  of  Moratico  by  the  way,  as  also 
upon  the  said  River  for  the  defence  of  our  boats  like 
sconses  being  set,  in  this  course  of  proceeding  you  shall 
[III.  260.]  cleare  your  selfe  from  al  those  dangers  and  broad  shallow 
sounds  before  mentioned,  and  gaine  within  foure  dayes 
travell  into  the  heart  of  the  maine  200.  miles  at  the  least, 
and    so    passe    your    discovery    into    that    most  notable 

332 


RALPH  LANE 

countrey,  and  to  the  likeliest  parts  of  the  maine,  with 
farre  greater  felicitie  then  otherwise  can  bee  performed. 
Thus  Sir,  I  have  though  simply,  yet  truely  set  downe 
unto  you,  what  my  labour  with  the  rest  of  the  gentlemen, 
and  poore  men  of  our  company  (not  without  both  paine 
and  perill,  which  the  Lord  in  his  mercy  many  wayes 
delivered  us  from)  could  yeeld  unto  you,  which  might 
have  bene  performed  in  some  more  perfection,  if  the 
Lord  had  bene  pleased  that  onely  that  which  you  had 
provided  for  us  had  at  the  first  bene  left  with  us,  or  that 
hee  had  not  in  his  eternall  providence  now  at  the  last  set 
some  other  course  in  these  things,  than  the  wisedome  of 
man  coulde  looke  into,  which  truely  the  carying  away  by 
a  most  strange  &  unlooked  for  storme  of  all  our  pro- 
vision, with  Barks,  Master,  JVIariners,  and  sundry  also 
of  mine  owne  company,  al  having  bene  so  courteously 
supplied  by  the  generall  Sir  Francis  Drake,  the  same 
having  bene  most  sufficient  to  have  performed  the  greatest 
part  of  the  premisses,  must  ever  make  me  to  thinke  the 
hand  of  God  onely  (for  some  his  good  purpose  to  my 
selfe  yet  unknowen)  to  have  bene  in  the  matter. 

The  second  part  touching  the  conspiracie  of 
Pemisapan,  the  discovery  of  the  same,  and  at 
the  last,  of  our  request  to  depart  with  Sir 
Francis  Drake  for  England. 

Nsenore  a  Savage  father  to  Pemisapan 
being  the  onely  friend  to  our  nation 
that  we  had  amongst  them,  and  about 
the  King,  died  the  20.  of  April  1586. 
He  alone  had  before  opposed  himselfe 
in  their  consultations  against  all  matters 
proposed  against  us,  which  both  the 
King  and  all  the  rest  of  them  after  Grangemoes  death, 
were  very  willing  to  have  preferred.  And  he  was  not 
onely  by  the  meere  providence  of  God  during  his  life,  a 
meane  to  save  us  from  hurt,  as  poysonings  and  such  like, 

333 


A.D. 
1585-86. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

but  also   to   doe  us   very  great  good,   and  singularly  in 
this. 

The  King  was  advised  and  of  himselfe  disposed,  as  a 
ready  meane  to  have  assuredly  brought  us  to  ruine  in 
the  moneth  of  March  1586.  himselfe  also  with  all  his 
Savages  to  have  runne  away  from  us,  and  to  have  left 
his  ground  in  the  Hand  unsowed  :  which  if  hee  had  done, 
there  had  bene  no  possibilitie  in  common  reason,  (but 
by  the  immediate  hande  of  God)  that  wee  coulde  have 
bene  preserved  from  starving  out  of  hande.  For  at  that 
This  skill  time  wee  had  no  weares  for  fish,  neither  coulde  our  men 
oj  ma  ing        g]^--||  ^^  ^j^^  making-  of  them,  neither  had  wee  one  Sfraine 

ZV£C?'£S  would  O  -'  O 

be  learned.       ^^  Corne  for  seede  to  put  into  the  ground. 

In  mine  absence  on  my  voyage  that  I  had  made  against 
the  Chaonists,  and  Mangoaks,  they  had  raised  a  brute 
among  themselves,  that  I  and  my  company  were  part 
slaine,  and  part  starved  by  the  Chaonists,  and  Mangoaks. 
One  part  of  this  tale  was  too  true,  that  I  and  mine  were 
like  to  be  starved,  but  the  other  false. 

Neverthelesse  untill  my  returne  it  tooke  such  effect  in 
Pemisapans  breast,  and  in  those  against  us,  that  they 
grew  not  onely  into  contempt  of  us,  but  also  (contrary  to 
their  former  reverend  opinion  in  shew,  of  the  Almightie 
God  of  heaven,  and  Jesus  Christ  whom  wee  serve  and 
worship,  whom  before  they  would  acknowledge  and  con- 
fesse  the  only  God)  now  they  began  to  blaspheme,  and 
flatly  to  say,  that  our  Lorde  God  was  not  God,  since  hee 
suffered  us  to  sustaine  much  hunger,  and  also  to  be  killed 
of  the  Renapoaks,  for  so  they  call  by  that  generall  name 
all  the  inhabitants  of  the  whole  maine,  of  what  province 
soever.  Insomuch  as  olde  Ensenore,  neither  any  of  his 
fellowes,  could  for  his  sake  have  no  more  credite  for  us : 
and  it  came  so  farre  that  the  king  was  resolved  to  have 
presently  gone  away  as  is  aforesaid. 

But  even  in  the  beginning  of  this  bruite  I  returned, 
which  when  hee  sawe  contrary  to  his  expectation,  and  the 
advertisement  that  hee  had  received :  that  not  onely  my 
selfe,  and  my  company  were  all  safe,  but  also  by  report  of 

334 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 

his  owne   3.  Savages  which   had   bene  with  mee  besides 

Manteo  in   that  voyage,   that    is   to   say,   Tetepano,   his 

sisters  husband  Eracano,  and  Cossine,  that  the  Chanoists 

and  Mangoaks  (whose  name  and  multitude  besides  their 

valour  is  terrible  to  all  the  rest  of  the  provinces)  durst 

not  for  the  most  part  of  them  abide  us,  and  that  those 

that   did   abide   us  were   killed,   and   that  we   had  taken 

Menatonon  prisoner,  and  brought  his  sonne  that  he  best 

loved  to  Roanoak  with  mee,  it  did  not  a  little  asswage  all 

devises  against  us :  on  the  other  side,  it  made  Ensenores 

opinions   to   bee   received    againe  with    greater    respects. 

For  he  had  often  before  tolde  them,  and  then  renewed 

those  his  former  speeches,  both  to  the  king  and  the  rest, 

that  wee  were  the  servants  of  God,  and  that  wee  were  not 

subject  to  bee  destroyed  by  them  :  but  contrary  wise,  that 

they  amongst  them  that  sought  our  destruction,  should 

finde  their  owne,  and   not  bee  able  to  worke  ours,  and  [III.  261.] 

that  we  being   dead  men  were  able  to   doe  them   more 

hurt,  then  now  we  could  do  being  alive :  an  opinion  very 

confidently   at    this  day  holden   by  the   wisest   amongst 

them,  and  of  their  old  men,  as  also,  that  they  have  bene 

in  the  night,  being  100.  miles  from  any  of  us,  in  the  aire 

shot  at,  and  stroken  by  some  men  of  ours,  that  by  sick- 

nesse  had  died  among  them  :  and   many  of  them  holde 

opinion,  that  we  be  dead  men  returned  into  the  world 

againe,   and   that  wee  doe   not  remaine   dead  but  for  a 

certaine  time,  and  that  then  we  returne  againe. 

All  these  speeches  then  againe  grewe  in  ful  credite  with 
them,  the  King,  and  all,  touching  us,  when  hee  sawe  the 
small  troupe  returned  again,  and  in  that  sort  from  those 
whose  very  names  were  terrible  unto  them :  But  that 
which  made  up  the  matter  on  our  side  for  that  time  was 
an  accident,  yea  rather  (as  all  the  rest  was)  the  good 
providence  of  the  Almightie  for  the  saving  of  us, 
which  was  this. 

Within  certaine  dayes  after  my  returne  from  the  sayd 
journey,  JMenatonon  sent  a  messenger  to  visite  his 
Sonne  the  prisoner  with  me,  and  sent  me  certaine  pearle 

335 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

for  a  present,  or  rather,  as  Pemisapan  tolde  mee,  for  the 
ransome  of  his  sonne,  and  therefore  I  refused  them :  but 
the  greatest  cause  of  his  sending  then,  was  to  signifie  unto 
mee,  that  hee  had  commaunded  Okisko  King  of  Weo- 
pomiok,  to  yeelde  himselfe  servant,  and  homager,  to  the 
great  Weroanza  of  England,  and  after  her  to  Sir  Walter 
Raleigh :  to  perfourme  which  commandement  received 
from  Menatonon,  the  sayde  Okisko  joyntly  with  this 
Menatonons  messenger  sent  foure  and  twentie  of  his 
principallest  men  to  Roanoak  to  Pemisapan,  to  signifie 
that  they  were  ready  to  perfourme  the  same,  and  so  had 
sent  those  his  men  to  let  mee  knowe  that  from  that  time 
forwarde,  hee,  and  his  successours  were  to  acknowledge 
her  Majestie  their  onely  Soveraigne,  and  next  unto  her,  as 
is  aforesayd. 

All  which  being  done,  and  acknowledged  by  them  all, 
in  the  presence  of  Pemisapan  his  father,  and  all  his 
Savages  in  counsell  then  with  him,  it  did  for  the  time 
thorowly  (as  it  seemed)  change  him  in  disposition  toward 
us :  Insomuch  as  foorthwith  Ensenore  wanne  this  resolu- 
tion of  him,  that  out  of  hand  he  should  goe  about,  and 
withall,  to  cause  his  men  to  set  up  weares  foorthwith  for 
us :  both  which  he  at  that  present  went  in  hande  withall, 
and  did  so  labour  the  expedition  of  it,  that  in  the  end  of 
April  he  had  sowed  a  good  quantitie  of  ground,  so  much 
as  had  bene  sufficient,  to  have  fed  our  whole  company 
(God  blessing  the  grouth)  and  that  by  the  belly,  for  a 
whole  yere :  besides  that  he  gave  us  a  certaine  plot  of 
ground  for  our  selves  to  sowe.  All  which  put  us  in 
marveilous  comfort,  if  we  could  passe  from  Aprill  untill 
The  beginning  the  beginning  of  July,  (which  was  to  have  bene  the  begin- 
of  their  har-  j^-^^g  ^^  ^j^^jj.  harvest,)  that  then  a  newe  supply  out  of 
"  England  or  els  our  owne  store  would  well  ynough  main- 
taine  us :  All  our  feare  was  of  the  two  moneths  betwixt, 
in  which  meane  space  if  the  Savages  should  not  helpe  us 
with  Cassavi,  and  Chyna,  and  that  our  weares  should 
faile  us,  (as  often  they  did,)  we  might  very  well  starve, 
notwithstanding    the    growing    corne,    like    the    starving 

336 


•(Tin'  f'pxojc  Xi,hcrn,  .  he  77-^^^  ,//^  ,^    J^  ,  g^^^ 


^^ECOTO]:i.v 


4:     LCrcinffiv  m  the. r  y,ryr/-j  u- 
fi-riinje  tcihmj  an .■(_f^>':rj' i^n jtuf 


THE   VILLAGE    OF    SECOTON 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 
horse  in  the  stable,  with  the  growing  grasse,  as  the  pro- 
verbe  is :  which  wee  very  hardly  had  escaped  but  onely 
by  the  hand  of  God,  as  it  pleased  him  to  try  us.  For 
within  few  dayes  after,  as  before  is  saide,  Ensenore  our 
friend  died,  who  was  no  sooner  dead,  but  certaine  of 
our  great  enemies  about  Pemisapan,  as  Osacan  a  Wero- 
ance,  Tanaquiny  and  Wanchese  most  principally,  were 
in  hand  againe  to  put  their  old  practises  in  ure  against 
us,  which  were  readily  imbraced,  and  all  their  former 
devises  against  us,  reneued,  and  new  brought  in  ques- 
tion. But  that  of  starving  us,  by  their  forbearing  to 
sow,  was  broken  by  Ensenore  in  his  life,  by  having 
made  the  King  all  at  one  instant  to  sow  his  ground, 
not  onely  in  the  Hand,  but  also  at  Dasamonquepeio  in  the 
maine,  within  two  leagues  over  against  us.  Neverthelesse 
there  wanted  no  store  of  mischievous  practises  among  them, 
and  of  all  they  resolved  principally  of  this  following. 

First  that  Okisko  king  of  Weopomeiok  with  the  Man-  ^^-^^  conspira- 
doages  should  bee  mooved,  and  with  great  quantitie  of  "^  ^  remtsa- 
copper  intertained  to  the  number  of  7.  or  8.  hundreth 
bowes,  to  enterprise  the  matter  thus  to  be  ordered.  They 
of  Weopomeiok  should  be  invited  to  a  certaine  kind  of 
moneths  minde  which  they  doe  use  to  solemnise  in  their 
Savage  maner  for  any  great  personage  dead,  and  should 
have  bene  for  Ensenore.  At  this  instant  also  should  the 
Mandoaks,  who  were  a  great  people,  with  the  Chesepians 
&  their  friends  to  the  number  of  700.  of  them,  be  armed 
at  a  day  appointed  to  the  maine  of  Dasamonquepeio,  and 
there  lying  close  at  the  signe  of  fiers,  which  should  inter- 
changeably be  made  on  both  sides,  when  Pemisapan  with 
his  troupe  above  named  should  have  executed  me,  and 
some  of  our  Weroances  (as  they  called  all  our  principall 
officers,)  the  maine  forces  of  the  rest  should  have  come 
over  into  the  Hand,  where  they  ment  to  have  dispatched 
the  rest  of  the  company,  whom  they  did  imagine  to  finde 
both  dismayed  and  dispersed  abroad  in  the  Island,  seeking 
of  crabs  and  fish  to  live  withall.  The  maner  of  their 
enterprise  was  this. 

VIII  337  Y 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

Tarraquine   and    Andacon    two    principall    men   about 

[III.  262.]  Pemisapan,  and  very  lustie  fellowes,  with  twentie  more 
appointed  to  them  had  the  charge  of  my  person  to  see  an 
order  taken  for  the  same,  which  they  ment  should  in  this 

The  forme  of   sort  have  been  executed.     In  the  dead  time  of  the  night 

the  treason.  ^^^  would  have  beset  my  house,  and  put  fire  in  the 
reedes  that  the  same  was  covered  with :  meaning  (as  it 
was  likely)  that  my  selfe  would  have  come  running  out 
of  a  sudden  amazed  in  my  shirt  without  armes,  upon  the 
instant  whereof  they  would  have  knocked  out  my  braines. 
The  same  order  was  given  to  certaine  of  his  fellowes, 
for  M.  Heriots :  so  for  all  the  rest  of  our  better  sort,  all 
our  houses  at  one  instant  being  set  on  fire  as  afore  is 
saide,  and  that  as  well  for  them  of  the  fort,  as  for  us  at 
the  towne.  Now  to  the  ende  that  we  might  be  the 
fewer  in  number   together,  and   so  bee  the  more  easily 

The  sufficien-    dealt  withall  (for  in  deed  tenne  of  us  with   our  armes 

aeofour  men  pj-gpared,  were  a  terrour  to  a  hundred  of  the  best  sort  of 

to deale aminst  -S     ^    ^     /  i  ,     ,.  ,    .  ,.1  •     • 

the  Savages,      them,)  they  agreed  ana  did  immediatly  put  it  in  practise, 

\o.toanhun-  that  they  should  not  for  any  copper  sell  us  any  victuals 

dreth.  whatsoever  :  besides  that  in  the  night  they  should  sende 

to  have  our  weares  robbed,  and  also  to  cause  them  to  bee 

broken,   and    once   being   broken    never   to    be    repaired 

againe  by  them.     By  this  meanes  the  King  stood  assured, 

that  I  must  bee  enforced  for  lacke  of  sustenance  there,  to 

disband   my   company   into   sundry   places   to   live   upon 

shell  fish,   for   so  the  Savages  themselves  doe,  going  to 

The  lavages     Hatorask,  Croatoan,  and  other  places,  fishing  and  hunting, 

live  b^ fishing,  ^^\{^Q_  their  grounds  be  in  sowing,  and  their  corne  grow- 

^till  harvest'     ^"S  *  which  failed  not  his  expectation.     For  the  famine 

grew  so  extreeme  among  us,  or  weares  failing  us  of  fish, 

that  I  was  enforced  to  sende  Captaine  Stafford  with  20. 

with  him  to  Croatoan  my  Lord  Admirals  Hand  to  serve 

two  turnes  in  one,  that  is  to  say,  to  feede  himselfe  and 

his  company,  and   also  to   keepe   watch   if  any  shipping 

came  upon  the  coast  to  warne  us  of  the  same.     I  sent  M. 

Pridiox  with  the  pinnesse  to  Hatorask,  and  ten  with  him, 

with  the  Provost  Marshal  to  live  there,  and  also  to  wait 

338 


RALPH  LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 

for  shipping :  also  I  sent  every  weeke  1 6.  or  20.  of  the 
rest  of  the  company  to  the  maine  over  against  us,  to  live 
of  Casada  and  oysters. 

In  the  meane  while  Pemisapan  went  of  purpose  to 
Dasamonquepeio  for  three  causes :  The  one  to  see  his 
grounds  there  broken  up,  and  sowed  for  a  second  crop : 
the  other  to  withdrawe  himselfe  from  my  dayly  sending  to 
him  for  supply  of  victuall  for  my  company,  for  hee  was 
afraid  to  deny  me  any  thing,  neither  durst  hee  in  my 
presence  but  by  colour  and  with  excuses,  which  T  was 
content  to  accept  for  the  time,  meaning  in  the  ende  as  I 
had  reason,  to  give  him  the  jumpe  once  for  all :  but  in 
the  meane  whiles,  as  I  had  ever  done  before,  I  and  mine 
bare  all  wrongs,  and  accepted  of  all  excuses. 

My  purpose  was  to  have  relied  my  selfe  with  Mena- 
tonon,  and  the  Chaonists,  who  in  trueth  as  they  are  more 
valiant  people  and  in  greater  number  then  the  rest,  so  are 
they  more  faithfull  in  their  promises,  and  since  my  late 
being  there  had  given  many  tokens  of  earnest  desire  they 
had  to  joyne  in  perfect  league  with  us,  and  therefore  were 
greatly  offended  with  Pemisapan  and  Weopomeiok  for 
making  him  beleeve  such  tales  of  us. 

The  third  cause  of  this  going  to  Dasamonquepeio  was 
to  dispatch  his  messengers  to  Weopomeiok,  and  to  the 
Mandoages  as  aforesaid :  all  which  he  did  with  great 
imprest  of  copper  in  hand,  making  large  promises  to 
them  of  greater  spoile. 

The  answere  within  few  dayes  after  came  from  Weo- 
pomeiok, which  was  devided  into  two  parts.  First  for 
the  King  Okisko,  who  denied  to  be  of  the  partie  for  him- 
selfe, or  any  of  his  especiall  followers,  and  therefore  did 
immediatly  retire  himselfe  with  his  force  into  the  maine : 
the  other  was  concerning  the  rest  of  the  said  province 
who  accepted  of  it :  and  in  like  sort  the  Mandoags 
received  the  imprest. 

The  day  of  their  assembly  aforesaid  at  Roanoak  was 
appointed  the  10.  of  June :  all  which  the  premises  were 
discovered  by  Skyco,  the  King  Menatonon  his  sonne  my 

339 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

prisoner,  who  having  once  attempted  to  run  away,  I  laid 
him  in  the  bylboes,  threatning  to  cut  off  his  head,  whom 
I  remitted  at  Pemisapans  request :  whereupon  hee  being 
perswaded  that  hee  was  our  enemie  to  the  death,  he  did 
not  onely  feed  him  with  himselfe,  but  also  made  him 
acquainted  with  all  his  practises.  On  the  other  side,  the 
yong  man  finding  himselfe  as  well  used  at  my  hande,  as  I 
had  meanes  to  shew,  and  that  all  my  company  made  much 
of  him,  he  flatly  discovered  al  unto  me,  which  also  after- 
wards was  reveiled  unto  me  by  one  of  Pemisapans  owne 
men,  that  night  before  he  was  slaine. 

These  mischiefes  being  all  instantly  upon  me  and  my 
company  to  be  put  in  execution,  it  stood  mee  in  hand  to 
study  how  to  prevent  them,  and  also  to  save  all  others, 
which  were  at  that  time  as  aforesaid  so  farre  from  me: 
whereupon  I  sent  to  Pemisapan  to  put  suspition  out  of 
his  head,  that  1  meant  presently  to  go  to  Croatoan,  for 
that  I  had  heard  of  the  arrivall  of  our  fleete,  (though  I  in 
trueth  had  neither  heard  nor  hoped  for  so  good  adven- 
ture,) and  that  I  meant  to  come  by  him,  to  borrow  of  his 
men  to  fish  for  my  company,  &  to  hunt  for  me  at 
Croatoan,  as  also  to  buy  some  foure  dayes  provision  to 
serve  for  my  voyage. 
[III.  263.]  He  sent  me  word  that  he  would  himselfe  come  over  to 

Roanoak,  but  from  day  to  day  he  deferred,  onely  to  bring 
the  Weopomeioks  with  him  &  the  Mandoags,  whose 
time  appointed  was  within  eight  dayes  after.  It  was  the 
last  of  May  1586  when  all  his  owne  Savages  began  to 
make  their  assembly  at  Roanoak,  at  his  commandement 
sent  abroad  unto  them,  and  I  resolved  not  to  stay  longer 
upon  his  comming  over,  since  he  meant  to  come  with  so 
good  company,  but  thought  good  to  go  and  visit  him 
with  such  as  I  had,  which  I  resolved  to  do  the  next  day : 
but  that  night  I  meant  by  the  way  to  give  them  in  the 
Island  a  canvisado,  and  at  the  instant  to  seize  upon 
all  the  canoas  about  the  Island,  to  keepe  him  from 
advertisements. 

But  the  towne  tooke  the  alarme  before  I  meant  it  to 

340 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585.86. 

them :  the  occasion  was  this.     I  had  sent  the  Master  of 

the  light  horseman,  with  a  few  with  him,  to  gather  up  all 

the  canoas  in  the  setting  of  the  Sun,  &  to  take  as  many  as 

were  going  from  us  to  Dasamonquepeio,  but  to  suffer  any 

that  came  from  thence,  to  land.     He  met  with  a  Canoa 

going  from  the  shore,  and  overthrew  the  Canoa,  and  cut  off  ^-^J  slaughter 

two  Savages  heads:  this  was  not  done  so  secretly  but  he  ^^y^^^vam 

was  discovered  from  the  shore ;  wherupon  the  cry  arose : 

for  in  trueth  they,  privy  to  their  owne  villanous  purposes 

against  us,  held  as  good  espiall  upon  us,  both  day  and 

night,  as  we  did  upon  them. 

The  allarme  given,  they  tooke  themselves  to  their 
bowes,  and  we  to  our  armes :  some  three  or  foure  of 
them  at  the  first  were  slaine  with  our  shot :  the  rest 
fled  into  the  woods.  The  next  morning  with  the  light 
horsman  &  one  Canoa  taking  25  with  the  Colonel  of 
the  Chesepians,  and  the  Sergeant  major,  I  went  to 
Dasamonquepeio :  and  being  landed,  sent  Pemisapan 
word  by  one  of  his  owne  Savages  that  met  me  at  the 
shore,  that  I  was  going  to  Croatoan,  and  meant  to 
take  him  in  the  way  to  complaine  unto  him  of  Osocon, 
who  the  night  past  was  conveying  away  my  prisoner, 
whom  I  had  there  present  tied  in  an  handlocke.  Heere- 
upon  the  king  did  abide  my  comming  to  him,  and  find- 
ing my  selfe  amidst  seven  or  eight  of  his  principall 
Weroances  and  followers,  (not  regarding  any  of  the 
common  sort)  I  gave  the  watch-word  agreed  upon, 
(which  was,  Christ  our  victory)  and  immediatly  those 
his  chiefe  men  and  himselfe  had  by  the  mercy  of  God 
for  our  deliverance,  that  which  they  had  purposed  for 
us.  The  king  himselfe  being  shot  thorow  by  the 
Colonell  with  a  pistoll,  lying  on  the  ground  for  dead, 
&  I  looking  as  watchfully  for  the  saving  of  Manteos 
friends,  as  others  were  busie  that  none  of  the  rest  should 
escape,  suddenly  he  started  up,  and  ran  away  as  though 
he  had  not  bene  touched,  insomuch  as  he  overran  all 
the  company,  being  by  the  way  shot  thwart  the  buttocks 
by  mine   Irish  boy  with  my  petronell.     In  the  end   an 

341 


A.D. 

1585-86. 


Pemisapan 
slaine. 


A  letter  from 
Sir  Francis 
Drake. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

Irish  man  serving  me,  one  Nugent,  and  the  deputy 
provost,  undertooke  him ;  and  following  him  in  the 
woods,  overtooke  him :  and  I  in  some  doubt  least  we 
had  lost  both  the  king  &  my  man  by  our  owne  negligence 
to  have  beene  intercepted  by  the  Savages,  wee  met  him 
returning  out  of  the  woods  with  Pemisapans  head  in 
his  hand. 

This  fell  out  the  first  of  June  1586,  and  the  eight 
of  the  same  came  advertisement  to  me  from  captaine 
Stafford,  lying  at  my  lord  Admirals  Island,  that  he  had 
discovered  a  great  fleet  of  three  and  twenty  sailes :  but 
whether  they  were  friends  or  foes,  he  could  not  yet 
discerne.  He  advised  me  to  stand  upon  as  good  guard 
as  I  could. 

The  ninth  of  the  sayd  moneth  he  himselfe  came  unto 
me,  having  that  night  before,  &  that  same  day  travelled 
by  land  twenty  miles :  and  I  must  truely  report  of  him 
from  the  first  to  the  last ;  hee  was  the  gentleman  that 
never  spared  labour  or  perill  either  by  land  or  water, 
faire  weather  or  foule,  to  performe  any  service  committed 
unto  him. 

He  brought  me  a  letter  from  the  Generall  Sir  Francis 
Drake,  with  a  most  bountifuU  and  honourable  offer  for 
the  supply  of  our  necessities  to  the  performance  of  the 
action  wee  were  entred  into ;  and  that  not  only  of 
victuals,  munition,  and  clothing,  but  also  of  barks,  pin- 
nesses,  and  boats ;  they  also  by  him  to  be  victualled, 
manned,  and  furnished  to  my  contentation. 

The  tenth  day  he  arrived  in  the  road  of  our  bad  har- 
borow :  and  comming  there  to  an  anker,  the  eleventh 
day  I  came  to  him,  whom  I  found  in  deeds  most  honour- 
ably to  performe  that  which  in  writing  and  message  he 
had  most  curteously  offered,  he  having  aforehand  pro- 
pounded the  matter  to  all  the  captaines  of  his  fleet,  and 
got  their  liking  and  consent  thereto. 

With  such  thanks  unto  him  and  his  captaines  for  his 
care  both  of  us  and  of  our  action,  not  as  the  matter 
deserved,   but  as  I  could  both  for  my  company  and  my 

342 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 

selfe,  I  (being  aforehand  prepared  what  I  would  desire) 
craved  at  his  hands  that  it  would  please  him  to  take 
with  him  into  England  a  number  of  weake  and  unfit 
men  for  my  good  action,  which  I  would  deliver  to  him ; 
and  in  place  of  them  to  supply  me  of  his  company  with 
oare-men,  artificers,  and  others. 

That  he  would  leave  us  so  much  shipping  and  victual!, 
as  about  August  then  next  following  would  cary  me  and 
all  my  company  into  England,  when  we  had  discovered 
somewhat,  that  for  lacke  of  needful!  provision  in  time 
left  with  us  as  yet  remained  undone. 

That  it  woulde  please  him  withal!  to  leave  some  suf-  [HI.  264.] 
ficient  Masters  not  onely  to  cary  us  into  England,  when 
time   should   be,  but  also   to  search  the   coast  for  some 
better   harborow,   if  there    were    any,    and    especially   to 
helpe  us  to  some  small  boats  and  oare-men. 

Also  for  a  supply  of  calievers,  hand  weapons,  match 
and  lead,  tooles,  apparel!,  and  such  like. 

He  having  received  these  my  requests,  according  to 
his  usual!  commendable  maner  of  government  (as  it  was 
told  me)  calling  his  captaines  to  counsel! ;  the  resolution 
was  that  I  should  send  such  of  my  officers  of  my  com- 
pany as  I  used  in  such  matters,  with  their  notes,  to  goe 
aboord  with  him ;  which  were  the  Master  of  the  victuals. 
The  Keeper  of  the  store,  and  the  Vicetreasurer :  to 
whom  he  appointed  forthwith  for  me  The  Francis,  being 
a  very  proper  barke  of  70  tun,  and  tooke  present  order 
for  bringing  of  victual  aboord  her  for  100  men  for  foure 
moneths,  with  all  my  other  demands  whatsoever,  to  the 
uttermost. 

And  further,  he  appointed  for  me  two  pinnesses,  and 
foure  small  boats  :  and  that  which  was  to  performe  all 
his  former  liberality  towards  us,  was  that  he  had  gotten 
the  full  assents  of  two  of  as  sufficient  experimented 
Masters  as  were  any  in  his  fleet,  by  judgement  of  them 
that  knew  them,  with  very  sufficient  gings  to  tary  with 
me,  and  to  imploy  themselves  most  earnestly  in  the 
action,  as  1  should  appoint  them,  untill  the  terme  which 

343 


AD.  THE  ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

1  promised  of  our  returne  into  England  againe.  The 
names  of  one  of  those  Masters  was  Abraham  Kendall, 
the  other  Griffith  Heme. 

While  these  things  were  in  hand,  the  provision  afore- 
sayd  being  brought,  and  in  bringing  aboord,  my  sayd 
Masters  being  also  gone  aboord,  my  sayd  barks  having 
accepted  of  their  charge,  and  mine  owne  officers,  with 
others  in  like  sort  of  my  company  with  them  (all  which 
was  dispatched  by  the  sayd  Generall  the  12  of  the  sayde 
moneth)  the  13  of  the  same  there  arose  such  an  un- 
woonted  storme,  and  continued  foure  dayes,  that  had 
like  to  have  driven  all  on  shore,  if  the  Lord  had  not 
held  his  holy  hand  over  them,  and  the  Generall  very 
providently  foreseene  the  woorst  himselfe,  then  about 
my  dispatch  putting  himselfe  aboord :  but  in  the  end 
having  driven  sundry  of  the  fleet  to  put  to  Sea  the 
Francis  also  with  all  my  provisions,  my  two  Masters, 
and  my  company  aboord,  she  was  seene  to  be  free  from 
the  same,  and  to  put  cleere  to  Sea. 

This  storme  having  continued  from  the  13  to  the  16 
of  the  moneth,  and  thus  my  barke  put  away  as  afore- 
sayd,  the  Generall  comming  ashore  made  a  new  proffer 
unto  me;  which  was  a  ship  of  170  tunne,  called  The 
Barke  Bonner,  with  a  sufficient  Master  and  guide  to 
tary  with  me  the  time  appointed,  and  victualled  suffi- 
ciently to  cary  me  and  my  company  into  England,  with 
all  provisions  as  before :  but  he  tolde  me  that  he  would 
not  for  any  thing  undertake  to  have  her  brought  into 
our  harbour,  and  therefore  he  was  to  leave  her  in  the 
road,  and  to  leave  the  care  of  the  rest  unto  my  selfe, 
and  advised  me  to  consider  with  my  company  of  our 
case,  and  to  deliver  presently  unto  him  in  writing  what 
I  would  require  him  to  doe  for  us  :  which  being  within 
his  power,  he  did  assure  me  aswell  for  his  Captaines  as 
for  himselfe,  should  be  most  willingly  performed. 

Heereupon  calling  such  Captaines  and  gentlemen  of 
my  company  as  then  were  at  hand,  who  were  all  as 
privy  as  my  selfe  to  the  Generals  offer :  their  whole  re- 

344 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 
quest  was  to  me,  that  considering  the  case  that  we  stood 
in,  the  weaknesse  of  our  company,  the  small  number  of 
the  same,  the  carying  away  of  our  first  appointed  barke, 
with  those  two  especiall  Masters,  with  our  principall 
provisions  in  the  same,  by  the  very  hand  of  God  as  it 
seemed,  stretched  out  to  take  us  from  thence ;  consider- 
ing also,  that  his  second  offer,  though  most  honourable 
of  his  part,  yet  of  ours  not  to  be  taken,  insomuch  as 
there  was  no  possibility  for  her  with  any  safety  to  be 
brought  into  the  harbour :  seeing  furthermore,  our  hope 
for  supply  with  Sir  Richard  Greenvill,  so  undoubtedly 
promised  us  before  Easter,  not  yet  come,  neither  then 
likely  to  come  this  yeere,  considering  the  doings  in 
England  for  Flanders,  and  also  for  America,  that  there- 
fore I  would  resolve  my  selfe  with  my  company  to  goe 
into  England  in  that  fleet,  and  accordingly  to  make  re- 
quest to  the  Generall  in  all  our  names,  that  he  would 
be  pleased  to  give  us  present  passage  with  him.  Which 
request  of  ours  by  my  selfe  delivered  unto  him,  hee 
most  readily  assented  unto :  and  so  he  sending  immedi- 
atly  his  pinnesses  unto  our  Island  for  the  fetching  away 
of  a  few  that  there  were  left  with  our  baggage,  the 
weather  was  so  boisterous,  &  the  pinnesses  so  often  on 
ground,  that  the  most  of  all  we  had,  with  all  our  Cards, 
Books  and  writings  were  by  the  Sailers  cast  overboord, 
the  greater  number  of  the  fleet  being  much  agrieved 
with  their  long  and  dangerous  abode  in  that  miserable 
road. 

From  whence  the  Generall  in  the  name  of  the  Al- 
mighty, weying  his  ankers  (having  bestowed  us  among 
his  fleet)  for  the  reliefe  of  whom  hee  had  in  that  storme 
susteined  more  perill  of  wracke  then  in  all  his  former 
most  honourable  actions  against  the  Spanyards,  with 
praises  unto  God  for  all,  set  saile  the  nineteenth  of  June 
1586,  and  arrived  in  Portsmouth  the  seven  and  twentieth 
of  July  the  same  yeere. 

[The  third 
345 


A.D. 
1586. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


[III.  265.]     The    third  voyage  made  by   a   ship    sent    in    the 

yeere    1586,    to     the  reHefe    of    the    Colony 

planted    in    Virginia,  at    the    sole    charges    of 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh. 

N  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1586  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  at  his  owne  charge  prepared  a 
ship  of  an  hundred  tunne,  fraighted  with 
all  maner  of  things  in  most  plentifuU 
maner,  for  the  supply  and  reliefe  of  his 
Colony  then  remaining  in  Virginia :  but 

^  before    they    set    saile    from    England    it 


was  after  Easter,  so  that  our  Colony  halfe  despaired  of  the 
comming  of  any  supply :  wherefore  every  man  prepared 
for  himselfe,  determining  resolutely  to  spend  the  residue 
of  their  life  time  in  that  countrey.  And  for  the  better 
performance  of  this  their  determination,  they  sowed, 
planted,  and  set  such  things  as  were  necessary  for  their 
reliefe  in  so  plentifull  a  maner  as  might  have  sufficed 
them  two  yeeres  without  any  further  labour.  Thus 
trusting  to  their  owne  harvest,  they  passed  the  Summer 
till  the  tenth  of  June :  at  which  time  their  corne  which  they 
had  sowed  was  within  one  fortnight  of  reaping :  but  then 
it  happened  that  Sir  Francis  Drake  in  his  prosperous 
returne  from  the  sacking  of  Sant  Domingo,  Cartagena, 
and  Saint  Augustine,  determined  in  his  way  homeward  to 
visit  his  countreymen  the  English  Colony  then  remaining 
in  Virginia.  So  passing  along  the  coasts  of  Florida,  he 
fell  with  the  parts  where  our  English  Colony  inhabited  : 
and  having  espied  some  of  that  company,  there  he 
ankered  and  went  aland,  where  hee  conferred  with  them 
of  their  state  and  welfare,  and  how  things  had  past  with 
them.  They  answered  him  that  they  lived  all ;  but 
hitherto  in  some  scarsity :  and  as  yet  could  heare  of  no 
supply  out  of  England :  therefore  they  requested  him 
that  hee  would  leave  with  them  some  two  or  three  ships, 
that   if  in   some   reasonable  time  they  heard  not  out  of 

346 


THE   THIRD   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

England,  they  might  then  returne  themselves.  Which 
hee  agreed  to.  Whilest  some  were  then  writing  their 
letters  to  send  into  England,  and  some  others  making 
reports  of  the  accidents  of  their  travels  ech  to  other, 
some  on  land,  some  on  boord,  a  great  storme  arose,  and 
drove  the  most  of  their  fleet  from  their  ankers  to  Sea,  in 
which  ships  at  that  instant  were  the  chiefest  of  the 
English  Colony :  the  rest  on  land  perceiving  this,  hasted 
to  those  three  sailes  which  were  appointed  to  be  left  there ; 
and  for  feare  they  should  be  left  behinde  they  left  all  things 
confusedly,  as  if  they  had  bene  chased  from  thence  by  a 
mighty  army :  and  no  doubt  so  they  were ;  for  the  hand 
of  God  came  upon  them  for  the  cruelty  and  outrages 
committed  by  some  of  them  against  the  native  inhabitants 
of  that  countrey. 

Immediatly  after  the  departing  of  our  English  Colony  This  ship 
out  of  this  paradise  of  the  world,   the  ship  abovemen-  ^f^^f^^'^ 
tioned   sent  and  set   forth  at  the  charges  of  Sir  Walter     "'S^^^^- 
Ralegh  and  his  direction,  arrived  at  Hatorask ;  who  after 
some    time    spent    in    seeking    our    Colony   up  in    the 
countrey,  and  not  finding  them,   returned   with    all    the 
aforesayd  provision  into  England. 

About  foureteene  or  fifteene  dayes  after  the  departure  Sir  Richard 
of  the  aforesayd  shippe,  Sir  Richard  Grinvile  Generall  of  ^^'^"'^^^^  ^^^^^ 
Virginia,  accompanied  with  three  shippes  well  appointed 
for  the  same  voyage,  arrived  there ;  who  not  finding  the 
aforesayd  shippe  according  to  his  expectation,  nor  hearing 
any  newes  of  our  English  Colony  there  seated,  and  left 
by  him  anno  1585,  himselfe  travelling  up  into  divers 
places  of  the  countrey,  aswell  to  see  if  he  could  heare  any 
newes  of  the  Colony  left  there  by  him  the  yeere  before, 
under  the  charge  of  Master  Lane  his  deputy,  as  also  to 
discover  some  places  of  the  countrey :  but  after  some 
time  spent  therein,  not  hearing  any  newes  of  them,  and 
finding  the  places  which  they  inhabited  desolate,  yet 
unwilling  to  loose  the  possession  of  the  countrey  which 
Englishmen  had  so  long  held :  after  good  deliberation, 
hee  determined  to  leave  some  men  behinde    to   reteine 

347 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

Fifteene  men     possession    of    the     Countrey :     whereupon    he    landed 
more  left  tn      fifteene  men  in  the  Isle  of  Roanoak,  furnished  plentifully 
*      ■         with    all    maner    of   provision    for    two    yeeres,    and    so 
departed  for  England. 

Not  long  after  he  fell  with  the  Isles  of  A9ores,  on  some 
of  which  Islands  he  landed,  and  spoiled  the  townes  of  aU 
such  things  as  were  woorth  cariage,  where  also  he  tooke 
divers  Spanyards.  With  these  and  many  other  exploits 
done  by  him  in  this  voyage,  aswell  outward  as  homeward, 
he  returned  into  England. 

[III.  266.]  A  briefe  and  true  report  of  the  new  found  land 
of  Virginia  :  of  the  commodities  there  found, 
and  to  be  raised,  aswell  merchantable  as  others: 
Written  by  Thomas  Heriot,  servant  to  Sir 
Walter  Ralegh,  a  member  of  the  Colony, 
and  there  imployed  in  discovering  a  full 
twelvemoneth. 

Rafe  Lane  one  of  her  Majesties  Esquiers,  and 
Governour  of  the  Colony  in  Virginia,  above 
mentioned,  for  the  time  there  resident,  to  the 
gentle  Reader  wisheth  all  happinesse  in  the 
Lord. 

Lbeit   (gentle    Reader)    the    credit  of   the 

reports    in    this    Treatise    contained    can 

little   be  furthered   by   the   testimony  of 

one  as  my  selfe,  through  ajffection  j  udged 

partiall,  though  without  desert :  neverthe- 

lesse,  forsomuch  as  I  have  bene  requested 

by    some     my    particular    friends,     who 

conceive    more    rightly    of    me,    to    deliver    freely    my 

knowledge    of   the    same,   not    onely    for    the    satisfying 

of  them,  but  also  for  the  true  information  of  any  other 

whosoever,    that    comes    not    with    a    prejudicate    minde 

to  the  reading  thereof:  thus  much  upon  my  credit  I  am 

to  affirme,  that  things  universally  are  so  truely  set  downe 

348 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1587- 
in  this  Treatise  by  the  authour  thereof,  an  actor  in  the 
Colony,  and  a  man  no  lesse  for  his  honesty  then  learning 
commendable,  as  that  I  dare  boldly  avouch,  it  may  very 
well  passe  with  the  credit  of  trueth  even  amongst  the 
most  true  relations  of  this  age.  Which  as  for  mine  owne 
part  I  am  ready  any  way  with  my  word  to  acknowledge, 
so  also  (of  the  certaintie  thereof  assured  by  mine  owne 
experience)  with  this  my  publique  assertion  I  doe  affirme 
the  same.     Farewell  in  the  Lord. 

To  the  Adventurers,  Favourers,  and  Welv^illers 
of  the  enterprise  for  the  inhabiting  and 
planting  in  Virginia. 

Ince  the  first  undertaking  by  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  to  deale  in  the  action  of  dis- 
covering of  that  countrey  which  is  now 
called  and  knowen  by  the  name  of  Vir- 
ginia, many  voyages  having  beene  thither 
made  at  sundry  times  to  his  great 
charge;  as  first  in  the  yere  1584,  and 
afterwards  in  the  yeres  1585,  1586,  and  now  of  late 
this  last  yeere  1587:  there  have  bene  divers  and  vari- 
able reports,  with  some  slanderous  and  shamefull 
speeches  bruted  abroad  by  many  that  returned  from 
thence :  especially  of  that  discovery  which  was  made 
by  the  Colony  transported  by  Sir  Richard  Grinvile  in 
the  yere  1585,  being  of  all  others  the  most  principall, 
and  as  yet  of  most  effect,  the  time  of  their  abode  in  the 
countrey  being  a  whole  yere,  when  as  in  the  other  voyage 
before  they  stayed  but  sixe  weeks,  and  the  others  after 
were  onely  for  supply  and  transportation,  nothing 
more  being  discovered  then  had  bene  before.  Which 
reports  have  not  done  a  little  wrong  to  many  that  other- 
wise would  have  also  favoured  and  adventured  in  the 
action,  to  the  honour  and  benefit  of  our  nation,  besides 
the  particular  profit  and  credit  which  would  redound  to 
themselves  the  dealers  therein,  as  I  hope  by  the  sequel  of 

349 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

events,  to  the  shame  of  those  that  have  avouched  the 
contrary,  shall  be  manifest,  if  you  the  adventurers, 
favourers  and  welwillers  doe  but  either  increase  in 
number,  or  in  opinion  continue,  or  having  beene  doubt- 
full,  renew  your  good  liking  and  furtherance  to  deale 
therein  according  to  the  woorthinesse  thereof  already 
found,  and  as  you  shall  understand  hereafter  to  be 
requisit.  Touching  which  woorthinesse  through  cause 
of  the  diversity  of  relations  and  reports,  many  of  your 
opinions  could  not  be  firme,  nor  the  minds  of  some  that 
are  well  disposed  be  setled  in  any  certaintie. 

I  have  therefore  thought  it  good,  being  one  that  have 
beene  in  the  discoverie,  and  in  dealing  with  the  naturall 
inhabitants  specially  imployed :  and  having  therefore 
seene  and  knowen  more  then  the  ordinary,  to  impart  so 
much  unto  you  of  the  fruits  of  our  labours,  as  that  you 
may  know  how  injuriously  the  enterprise  is  slandered,  and 
that  in  publique  maner  at  this  present,  chiefly  for  two 
respects. 

First,  that  some  of  you  which  are  yet  ignorant  or 
doubtfull  of  the  state  thereof,  may  see  that  there  is 
sufficient  cause  why  the  chiefe  enterpriser  with  the  favour 
of  her  Majesty,  notwithstanding  such  reports,  hath  not 
onely  since  continued  the  action  by  sending  into  the 
countrey  againe,  and  replanting  this  last  yeere  a  new 
Colony,  but  is  also  ready,  according  as  the  times 
and  meanes  will  affoord,  to  follow  and  prosecute  the 
same. 

Secondly,  that  you  seeing  and  knowing  the  continuance 
[III.  267.]  of  the  action,  by  the  view  hereof  you  may  generally 
know  and  learne  what  the  countrey  is,  and  thereupon 
consider  how  your  dealing  therein,  if  it  proceed,  may 
returne  you  profit  and  gaine,  be  it  either  by  inhabiting 
and  planting,  or  otherwise  in  furthering  thereof. 

And  least  that  the  substance  of  my  relation  should 
be  doubtfull  unto  you,  as  of  others  by  reason  of  their 
diversitie,  I  will  first  open  the  cause  in  a  few  words, 
wherefore    they  are    so    different,  referring    my    selfe  to 

350 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 

your    favourable   constructions,  and   to   be   adjudged   of, 
as  by  good  consideration  you  shall  finde  cause. 

Of  our  company  that  returned,  some  for  their  mis- 
demeanour and  ill  dealing  in  the  countrey  have  bene 
there  worthily  punished,  who  by  reason  of  their  bad 
natures,  have  maliciously  not  onely  spoken  ill  of  their 
Governours,  but  for  their  sakes  slandered  the  countrey 
it  selfe.  The  like  also  have  those  done  which  were  of 
their  consort. 

Some  being  ignorant  of  the  state  thereof,  notwith- 
standing since  their  returne  amongst  their  friends  & 
acquaintance,  and  also  others,  especially  if  they  were  in 
company  where  they  might  not  be  gainsayd,  would 
seeme  to  know  so  much  as  no  men  more,  and  make 
no  men  so  great  travellers  as  themselves.  They  stood 
so  much,  as  it  may  seeme,  upon  their  credit  and  re- 
putation, that  having  bene  a  twelvemoneth  in  the 
countrey,  it  would  have  bene  a  great  disgrace  unto 
them,  as  they  thought,  if  they  could  not  have  sayd 
much,  whether  it  were  true  or  false.  Of  which  some 
have  spoken  of  more  then  ever  they  saw,  or  otherwise 
knew  to  be  there.  Other  some  have  not  bene  ashamed 
to  make  absolute  deniall  of  that,  which  although  not 
by  them,  yet  by  others  is  most  certainly  and  there 
plentifully  knowen,  &  other  some  make  difficulties  of 
those  things  they  have  no  skill  of. 

The  cause  of  their  ignorance  was,  in  that  they  were 
of  that  many  that  were  never  out  of  the  Island  where 
we  were  seated,  or  not  farre,  or  at  the  least  wise  in 
few  places  els,  during  the  time  of  our  abode  in  the 
country :  or  of  that  many,  that  after  gold  &  silver  was 
not  so  soone  found,  as  it  was  by  them  looked  for,  had 
litle  or  no  care  of  any  other  thing  but  to  pamper  their 
bellies :  or  of  that  many  which  had  litle  understanding, 
lesse  discretion,  and  more  tongue  then  was  needfuU  or 
requisite. 

Some  also  were  of  a  nice  bringing  up,  only  in  cities 
or  townes,  or  such  as  never  (as  I   may  say)   had   seene 

351 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

the  world  before.  Because  there  were  not  to  be  found 
any  EngHsh  cities,  nor  such  faire  houses,  nor  at  their 
owne  wish  any  of  their  old  accustomed  dainty  food, 
nor  any  soft  beds  of  downe  or  feathers,  the  countrey 
was  to  them  miserable,  and  their  reports  thereof  ac- 
cording. 

Because  my  purpose  was  but  in  briefe  to  open  the 
cause  of  the  variety  of  such  speeches,  the  particularities 
of  them,  and  of  many  envious,  malicious,  and  slanderous 
reports  and  devices  els,  by  our  owne  countreymen  be- 
sides, as  trifles  that  are  not  worthy  of  wise  men  to  be 
thought  upon,  I  meane  not  to  trouble  you  withall,  but 
will  passe  to  the  commodities,  the  substance  of  that 
which  I  have  to  make  relation  of  unto  you. 

The  Treatise  whereof,  for  your  more  ready  view  and 
easier  understanding,  I  will  divide  into  three  speciall 
parts.  In  the  first  I  will  make  declaration  of  such 
commodities  there  already  found  or  to  be  raised,  which 
will  not  onely  serve  the  ordinary  turnes  of  you  which 
are  and  shall  be  the  planters  and  inhabitants,  but  such 
-  /an  overplus  sufficiently  to  be  yeelded,  or  by  men  of 
skill  to  be  provided,  as  by  way  of  trafiique  and  exchange 
with  our  owne  nation  of  England,  will  inrich  your 
selves  the  providers :  those  that  shall  deale  with  you, 
the  enterprisers  in  generall,  and  greatly  profit  our  owne 
countreymen,  to  supply  them  with  most  things  which 
heretofore  they  have  bene  faine  to  provide  either  of 
strangers  or  of  our  enemies,  which  commodities,  for 
distinction  sake,  I  call  Merchantable. 

In  the  second  I  will  set  downe  all  the  commodities 
which  we  know  the  countrey  by  our  experience  doth 
yeeld  of  it  selfe  for  victuall  and  sustenance  of  mans 
life,  such  as  are  usually  fed  upon  by  the  inhabitants  of 
the  countrey,  as  also  by  us  during  the  time  we  were 
there. 

In  the  last  part  I  will  make  mention  generally  of  such 
other  commodities  besides,  as  I  am  able  to  remember, 
and   as    I    shall   thinke  behoovefull  for   those   that   shall 

352 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

inhabit,    and    plant   there,  to   know   of,  which    specially 

concerne  building,    as    also    some   other  necessary  uses : 

with  a   briefe   description  of  the  nature  and    maners  of 
the   people   of  the   countrey. 

The  first  part  of  Merchantable  commodities. 

like  of  grasse,  or  Grasse  silke.  There  is 
a  kind  of  grasse  in  the  country,  upon 
the  blades  whereof  there  groweth  very 
good  silke  in  forme  of  a  thin  glittering 
skin  to  be  stript  off.  It  groweth  two 
foot  &  an  halfe  high  or  better :  the 
blades  are  about  two  foot  in  length,  and 
halfe  an  inch  broad.  The  like  groweth  in  Persia,  which 
is  in  the  selfe  same  climate  as  Virginia,  of  which  very 
many  of  the  Silke  works  that  come  from  thence  into 
Europe  are  made.  Hereof  if  it  be  planted  and  ordered  [HI.  268.] 
as  in  Persia,  it  cannot  in  reason  be  otherwise,  but  that 
there  will  rise  in  short  time  great  profit  to  the  dealers 
therein,  seeing  there  is  so  great  use  and  vent  thereof 
aswel  in  our  countrey  as  elsewhere.  And  by  the  meanes 
of  sowing  and  planting  it  in  good  ground,  it  will  be 
farre  greater,  better,  and  more  plentifull  then  it  is. 
Although  notwithstanding  there  is  great  store  thereof 
in  many  places  of  the  countrey  growing  naturally  and 
wild,  which  also  by  proofe  here  in  England,  in  making 
a  piece  of  Silke  grogran,  we  found  to  be  excellent 
good. 

Worme  silke.  In  many  of  our  journeys  we  found 
Silke-wormes  faire  and  great,  as  bigge  as  our  ordinary 
Walnuts.  Although  it  hath  not  bene  our  hap  to  have 
found  such  plenty,  as  elswhere  to  be  in  the  countrey 
we  have  heard  of,  yet  seeing  that  the  countrey  doth 
naturally  breed  and  nourish  them,  there  is  no  doubt 
but  if  arte  be  added  in  planting  of  Mulberie  trees,  and 
others,  fit  for  them  in  commodious  places,  for  their 
feeding  &  nourishing,  and  some  of  them  carefully 
gathered  &  husbanded  in  that  sort,  as  by  men  of  skil 
vni  353  z 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

is  knowen  to  be  necessary :  there  wil  rise  as  great  profit 
in  time  to  the  Virginians,  as  thereof  doth  now  to  the 
Persians,  Turks,  Italians  and  Spanyards. 
—>  Flaxe  and  Hempe.  The  trueth  is,  that  of  Hempe 
and  Flaxe  there  is  no  great  store  in  any  one  place  to- 
gether, by  reason  it  is  not  planted  but  as  the  soile  doth 
yeeld  of  it  selfe:  and  howsoever  the  leafe  and  stemme 
or  stalke  do  differ  from  ours,  the  stuffe  by  judgement 
of  men  of  skill  is  altogether  as  good  as  ours :  and  if 
not,  as  further  proofe  should  finde  otherwise,  we  have 
that  experience  of  the  soile,  as  that  there  cannot  be 
shewed  any  reason  to  the  contrary,  but  that  it  will  grow 
there  excellent  well,  and  by  planting  will  be  yeelded 
plentifully,  seeing  there  is  so  much  ground  whereof 
some  may  well  be  applied  to  such  purposes.  What 
benefit  heereof  may  grow  in  cordage  and  linnens  who 
cannot  easily   understand  ? 

Allum.  There  is  a  veine  of  earth  along  the  sea  coast 
for  the  space  of  forty  or  fifty  miles,  whereof  by  the 
judgement  of  some  that  have  made  triall  here  in  Eng- 
land, is  made  good  Allum,  of  that  kind  which  is  called 
Roch  allum.  The  richnesse  of  such  a  commodity  is  so 
well  knowen,  that  I  need  not  to  say  any  thing  thereof. 
The  same  earth  doth  also  yeeld  White  coprasse,  Nitrum, 
and  Alumen  plumeum,  but  nothing  so  plentifully  as 
the  common  Allum,  which  be  also  of  price,  and  pro- 
fitable. 

Wapeih.  A  kind  of  earth  so  called  by  the  naturall 
inhabitants,  very  like  to  Terra  sigillata,  and  having  bene 
refined,  it  hath  bene  found  by  some  of  our  Physicians 
and  Chyrurgians,  to  be  of  the  same  kind  of  vertue, 
and  more  effectuall.  The  inhabitants  use  it  very  much 
for  the  cure  of  sores  and  wounds :  there  is  in  divers 
places  great  plenty,  and  in  some  places  of  a  blew   sort. 

Pitch,  Tarre,  Rozen  and  Turpentine.  There  are 
those  kinds  of  trees  which  yeeld  them  abundantly  and 
great  store.  In  the  very  same  Island  where  we  were 
seated,  being   fifteene  miles   of  length,  and  five   or  sixe 

354 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

miles  in  breadth,  there  are  few  trees  els  but  of  the  same 
kinde,   the  whole  Island   being   full. 

Sassafras,  called  by  the  inhabitants  Winauk,  a  kind  of  ^  ' 
wood  of  most  pleasant  and  sweet  smell,  and  of  most 
rare  vertues  in  physicke  for  the  cure  of  many  diseases. 
It  is  found  by  experience  to  be  far  better  and  of  more 
uses  then  the  wood  which  is  called  Guaiacum,  or  Lig- 
num vitas.  For  the  description,  the  maner  of  using, 
and  the  manifold  vertues  therof,  I  refer  you  to  the 
booke  of  Monardes,  translated  and  entituled  in  English, 
The  joyfull   newes   from   the  West   Indies. 

Cedar.     A  very  sweet  wood,  and  fine  timber,  whereof    ^- 
if    nests    of    chests    be    there    made,    or    timber    thereof 
fitted   for   sweet  and  fine  bedsteds,    tables,   desks,  lutes, 
virginals,  and  many  things  els,  (of  which  there  hath  bene  . 
proofe    made   already)    to    make    up    fraight   with   other 
principall  commodities,  will  yeeld  profit. 

Wine.  There  are  two  kindes  of  grapes  that  the  soile 
doth  yeeld  naturally,  the  one  is  small  and  sowre,  of  the 
ordinary  bignesse  as  ours  in  England,  the  other  farre 
greater  and  of  himselfe  lushious  sweet.  When  they 
are  planted  and  husbanded  as  they  ought,  a  principall 
commodity  of  wines  by  them  may  be  raised. 

Oile.  There  are  two  sorts  of  Walnuts,  both  holding 
oile ;  but  the  one  farre  more  plentifuU  then  the  other. 
When  there  are  mils  and  other  devices  for  the  purpose, 
a  commodity  of  them  may  be  raised,  because  there  are 
infinite  store.  There  are  also  three  severall  kindes  of 
berries  in  the  forme  of  Oke-akornes,  which  also  by  the 
experience  and  use  of  the  inhabitants,  we  find  to  yeeld 
very  good  and  sweet  oile.  Furthermore,  the  beares 
of  the  countrey  are  commonly  very  fat,  and  in  some 
places  there  are  many.  Their  fatnesse,  because  it  is 
so  liquid,  may  well  be  termed  oile,  and  hath  many 
speciall  uses. 

Furres.  All  along  the  Sea  coast  there  are  great  store 
of  Otters,  which  being  taken  by  weares  and  other  engines 
made  for  the  purpose,  wil  yeeld  good  profit.     We  hope 

355 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

also  of  Marterne  furres,  and  make  no  doubt  by  the 
relation  of  the  people,  but  that  in  some  places  of  the 
[III.  269.]  countrey  there  are  store,  although  there  were  but  two 
skinnes  that  came  to  our  hands.  Luzernes  also  we 
have  understanding  of,  although  for  the  time  we  saw 
none. 
—}  Deers  skinnes  dressed  after  the  maner  of  Chamoes, 
or  undressed,  are  to  be  had  of  the  naturall  inhabitants 
thousands  yerely  by  way  of  traffike  for  trifles,  and  no 
more  waste  or  spoile  of  Deere  then  is  and  hath  bene 
ordinarily  in  time  before. 

Civet-cats.  In  our  travels  there  was  found  one  to 
have  bin  killed  by  a  Savage  or  inhabitant,  &  in  another 
place  the  smel  where  one  or  more  had  lately  bene 
before,  whereby  we  gather,  besides  then  by  the  relation 
of  the  people,  that  there  are  some  in  the  country :  good 
profit  will  rise  by  them. 

Iron.  In  two  places  of  the  countrey  specially,  one 
about  fourescore,  &  the  other  six  score  miles  from  the 
fort  or  place  where  we  dwelt,  we  found  nere  the  water 
side  the  ground  to  be  rocky,  which  by  the  triall  of  a 
Minerall  man  was  found  to  holde  iron  richly.  It  is 
found  in  many  places  of  the  country  els :  I  know  nothing 
to  the  contrary,  but  that  it  may  be  allowed  for  a  good 
merchantable  commodity,  considering  there  the  small 
charge  for  the  labour  &  feeding  of  men,  the  infinite 
store  of  wood,  the  want  of  wood  &  deerenesse  thereof 
in  England,  and  the  necessity  of  ballasting  of  ships. 

Copper.  An  hundred  and  fifty  miles  into  the  maine 
in  two  townes  we  found  with  the  inhabitants  divers  small 
plates  of  Copper,  that  had  bene  made  as  we  understood 
by  the  inhabitants  that  dwell  further  into  the  country, 
where  as  they  say  are  mountaines  and  rivers  that  yeeld 
also  white  graines  of  mettall,  which  is  to  be  deemed 
Silver.  For  confirmation  whereof,  at  the  time  of  our 
first  arrivall  in  the  countrey,  I  saw,  with  some  others 
with  me,  two  small  pieces  of  Silver  grosly  beaten,  about 
the    weight    of  a    testron,    hanging    in    the    eares    of    a 

356 


A   REPORT   OF    VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

Wiroans  or  chiefe  lord  that  dwelt  about  fourescore  miles 
from  us :  of  whom  through  inquiry,  by  the  number 
of  dayes  and  the  way,  I  learned  that  it  had  come  to  his 
hands  from  the  same  place  or  neere,  where  I  after  un- 
derstood the  Copper  was  made,  and  the  white  graines 
of  metall  found.  The  aforesayd  Copper  we  also  found 
by  triall  to  holde  Silver. 

Pearle.  Sometimes  in  feeding  on  Muscles  we  found 
some  Pearle :  but  it  was  our  happe  to  meet  with  ragges, 
or  of  a  pide  colour:  not  having  yet  discovered  those 
places  where  we  heard  of  better  and  more  plenty.  One 
of  our  company,  a  man  of  skill  in  such  matters,  had 
gathered  together  from  among  the  Savage  people  about 
five  thousand :  of  which  number  he  chose  so  many  as  Five  thousand 
made  a  faire  chaine,  which  for  their  likenesse  and  P^^''^^^ 
uniformity  in  roundnesse,  orientnesse,  and  pidenesse  of 
many  excellent  colours,  with  equality  in  greatnesse,  were 
very  faire  and  rare :  and  had  therefore  beene  presented 
to  her  Majesty,  had  we  not  by  casualty,  and  through 
extremity  of  a  storme  lost  them,  with  many  things 
els  in  comming  away  from  the  countrey. 

Sweet  gummes  of  divers  kinds,  and  many  other 
Apothecary  drugges,  of  which  we  will  make  speciall 
mention,  when  we  shall  receive  it  from  such  men  of 
skill  in  that  kinde,  that  in  taking  reasonable  paines 
shal  discover  them  more  particularly  then  we  have  done, 
and  then  now  I  can  make  relation  of,  for  want  of  the 
examples  I  had  provided  and  gathered,  and  are  now  lost, 
with  other  things  by  casualty  before  mentioned. 

Dies  of  divers  kinds :  There  is  Shoemake  well  C- 
knowen,  and  used  in  England  for  blacke :  the  seed  of 
an  herbe  called  Wasebur,  little  small  roots  called  Chap- 
pacor,  and  the  barke  of  the  tree  called  by  the  inhabitants 
Tangomockonomindge :  which  dies  are  for  divers  sorts 
of  red :  their  goddnesse  for  our  English  clothes  remaine 
yet  to  be  prooved.  The  inhabitants  use  them  only  for 
the  dying  of  haire,  and  colouring  of  their  faces,  and 
mantles  made  of  Deere  skinnes :  and  also  for  the  dying 

357 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

of  rushes  to  make  artificiall  works  withall  in  their  mats 
and  baskets :  having  no  other  thing  besides  that  they 
account  of,  apt  to  use  them  for.  If  they  will  not  proove 
merchantable,  there  is  no  doubt  but  the  planters  there 
shall  finde  apt  uses  for  them,  as  also  for  other  colours 
which  we  know  to  be  there. 
^->  Woad :   a  thing  of  so  great   vent  and   uses  amongst 

English  Diers,  which  can  not  be  yeelded  sufficiently  in 
our  owne  countrey  for  spare  of  ground,  may  be  planted 
in  Virginia,  there  being  ground  enough.  The  growth 
thereof  need  not  to  be  doubted,  when  as  in  the  Islands 
of  the  A9ores  it  groweth  plentifully,  which  are  in  the 
same  climate.     So  likewise  of  Madder. 

We  caried  thither  Suger-canes  to  plant,  which  being 
not  so  well  preserved  as  was  requisite,  and  besides  the 
time  of  the  yeere  being  past  for  their  setting  when  we 
arrived,  we  could  not  make  that  proofe  of  them  as  we 
desired.  Notwithstanding,  seeing  that  they  grow  in  the 
same  climate,  in  the  South  part  of  Spaine,  and  in  Barbary, 
our  hope  in  reason  may  yet  continue.  So  likewise  for 
Orenges  and  Limmons.  There  may  be  planted  also 
Quinses.  Whereby  may  grow  in  reasonable  time,  if  the 
action  be  diligently  prosecuted,  no  small  commodities 
in  Sugars,  Suckets,  and  Marmelades. 

Many  other  commodities  by  planting  may  there  also 
[III.  270.]  be  raised,  which  I  leave  to  your  discreet  and  gentle 
considerations :  and  many  also  may  be  there,  which  yet 
we  have  not  discovered.  Two  more  commodities  of 
great  value,  one  of  certeinty,  and  the  other  in  hope,  not 
to  be  planted,  but  there  to  be  raised  and  in  short  time  to 
be  provided,  and  prepared,  I  might  have  specified.  So 
likewise  of  those  commodities  already  set  downe  I  might 
have  sayd  more  :  as  of  the  particular  places  where  they  are 
found,  and  best  to  be  planted  and  prepared  :  by  what 
meanes,  and  in  what  reasonable  space  of  time  they  might 
be  raised  to  profit,  and  in  what  proportion :  but  because 
others  then  welwillers  might  be  there  withall  acquainted, 
not  to  the  good  of  the  action,  I   have  wittingly  omitted 

358 


A  REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 
them :  knowing  that   to    those  that  are  well  disposed,  I 
have  uttered,  according  to  my  promise  and  purpose,  for 
this  part  sufficient. 

The  second  part  of  such  commodities  as  Virginia 
is  knowen  to  yeeld  for  victual!  and  sustenance 
of  mans  life,  usually  fed  upon  by  the  naturall 
inhabitants ;  as  also  by  us,  during  the  time  of 
our  abode :  and  first  of  such  as  are  sowed 
and  husbanded. 


Agatowr,  a  kinde  of  graine  so  called  by 
the  inhabitants :  the  same  in  the  West 
Indies  is  called  Mayz :  English  men 
call  it  Guiny-wheat  or  Turkey-wheat, 
according  to  the  names  of  the  countreys 
from  whence  the  like  hath  beene  brought. 
The  graine  is  about  the  bignesse  of  our 
ordinary  English  peaze,  and  not  much  different  in  forme 
and  shape :  but  of  divers  colours :  some  white,  some 
red,  some  yellow,  and  some  blew.  All  of  them  yeeld  a 
very  white  and  sweet  flowre :  being  used  according  to 
his  kinde,  it  maketh  a  very  good  bread.  We  made  of 
the  same  in  the  countrey  some  Mault,  whereof  was 
brewed  as  good  Ale  as  was  to  be  desired.  So  likewise 
by  the  helpe  of  Hops,  therof  may  be  made  as  good 
Beere.  It  is  a  graine  of  marvellous  great  increase :  of 
a  thousand,  fifteene  hundred,  and  some  two  thousand 
folde.  There  are  three  sorts,  of  which  two  are  ripe  in 
eleven  &  twelve  weeks  at  the  most,  sometimes  in  tenne, 
after  the  time  they  are  set,  and  are  then  of  height  in 
stalke  about  sixe  or  seven  foot.  The  other  sort  is  ripe 
in  foureteene,  and  is  about  tenne  foot  high,  of  the  stalks 
some  beare  foure  heads,  some  three,  some  one,  and  some 
two :  every  head  conteining  five,  sixe,  or  seven  hundred 
graines,  within  a  few  more  or  lesse.  Of  these  graines, 
besides  bread,  the  inhabitants  make  victuall,  either  by 
parching    them,    or    seething    them    whole    untill    they 

359 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

be    broken :    or    boiling    the    flowre    with    water    into    a 
pap. 

Okindgier,  called  by  us  Beanes,  because  in  greatnesse 
and  partly  in  shape  they  are  like  to  the  beanes  in  Eng- 
land, saving  that  they  are  flatter,  of  more  divers  colours, 
and  some  pide.  The  leafe  also  of  the  stemme  is  much 
different.  In  taste  they  are  altogether  as  good  as  our 
English  peaze. 

Wickonzowr,  called  by  us  Peaze,  in  respect  of  the 
Beanes,  for  distinction  sake,  because  they  are  much  lesse, 
although  in  forme  they  litle  differ :  but  in  goodnesse 
of  taste  much  like,  and  are  far  better  then  our  English 
Peaze.  Both  the  beanes  and  peaze  are  ripe  in  ten 
weeks  after  they  are  set.  They  make  them  victuall 
either  by  boiling  them  all  to  pieces  into  a  broth,  or 
boiling  them  whole  untill  they  be  soft,  and  beginne  to 
breake,  as  is  used  in  England,  either  by  themselves, 
or  mixtly  together :  sometime  they  mingle  of  the  Wheat 
with  them :  sometime  also,  being  whole  sodden,  they 
bruse  or  punne  them  in  a  morter,  and  therof  make 
loaves  or  lumps  of  doughish  bread,  which  they  use  to 
eat  for  variety. 

Macocquer,  according  to  their  several  formes,  called 
by  us  Pompions,  Melons,  and  Gourds,  because  they 
are  of  the  like  formes  as  those  kinds  in  England.  In 
Virginia  such  of  severall  formes  are  of  one  taste,  and 
very  good,  and  do  also  spring  from  one  seed.  There 
are  of  two  sorts :  one  is  ripe  in  the  space  of  a  moneth, 
and  the  other  in  two  moneths. 

There  is  an  herbe  which  in  Dutch  is  called  Melden. 
Some  of  those  that  I  describe  it  unto  take  it  to  be  a 
kinde  of  Orage :  it  groweth  about  foure  or  five  foot 
high  :  of  the  seed  thereof  they  make  a  thicke  broth,  and 
pottage  of  a  very  good  taste :  of  the  stalke  by  burning 
into  ashes  they  make  a  kinde  of  salt  earth,  wherewithall 
many  use  sometimes  to  season  their  broths :  other  salt 
they  know  not.  We  our  selves  used  the  leaves  also 
for  pot-herbs. 

360  , 


A  REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

There  is  also  another  great  herbe,  in  forme  of  a  Mari- 
golde,  about  sixe  foot  in  height,  the  head  with  the 
floure  is  a  spanne  in  breadth.  Some  take  it  to  be 
Planta  Solis :  of  the  seeds  hereof  they  make  both  a 
kinde  of  bread  and  broth. 

All  the  aforesayd  commodities  for  victuall  are  set  or 
sowed,  sometimes  in  grounds  apart  and  severally  by 
themselves,  but  for  the  most  part  together  in  one 
ground  mixtly :  the  maner  thereof,  with  the  dressing 
and  preparing  of  the  ground,  because  I  will  note  unto 
you  the  fertility  of  the  soile,  I  thinke  good  briefly  to 
describe. 

The  ground  they  never  fatten  with  mucke,  dung,  or  [III.  271.] 
any  other  thing,  neither  plow  nor  digge  it  as  we  in 
England,  but  onely  prepare  it  in  sort  as  foUoweth.  A 
few  dayes  before  they  sowe  or  set,  the  men  with 
woodden  instruments  made  almost  in  forme  of  mattocks 
or  hoes  with  long  handles :  the  women  with  short 
peckers  or  parers,  because  they  use  them  sitting,  of  a 
foot  long,  and  about  five  inches  in  breadth,  doe  onely 
breake  the  upper  part  of  the  ground  to  raise  up  the 
weeds,  grasse,  and  olde  stubbes  of  corne  stalks  with 
their  roots.  The  which  after  a  day  or  two  dayes  dry- 
ing in  the  Sunne,  being  scrapt  up  into  many  small 
heaps,  to  save  them  labour  for  carying  them  away,  they 
burne  into  ashes.  And  whereas  some  may  thinke  that 
they  use  the  ashes  for  to  better  the  ground,  I  say  that 
then  they  would  either  disperse  the  ashes  abroad,  which 
wee  observed  they  do  not,  except  the  heaps  be  too  great, 
or  els  would  take  speciall  care  to  set  their  corne  where 
the  ashes  lie,  which  also  wee  finde  they  are  carelesse  of. 
And  this  is  all  the  husbanding  of  their  ground  that 
they  use. 

Then  their  setting  or  sowing  is  after  this  maner. 
First  for  their  corne,  beginning  in  one  corner  of  the 
plot,  with  a  pecker  they  make  a  hole,  wherein  they  put 
foure  graines,  with  care  that  they  touch  not  one  another 
(about  an   inch  asunder)  &  cover  them  with  the  molde 

X  361 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

againe :  and  so  thorowout  the  whole  plot  making  such 
holes,  and  using  them  after  such  maner,  but  with  this 
regard,  that  they  be  made  in  ranks,  every  ranke  differing 
from  other  halfe  a  fadome  or  a  yard,  and  the  holes 
also  in  every  ranke  as  much.  By  this  meanes  there  is 
a  yard  spare  ground  betweene  every  hole :  where  accord- 
ing to  discretion  here  and  there,  they  set  as  many  Beanes 
and  Peaze ;  in  divers  places  also  among  the  seeds  of 
Macocquer,  Melden,  and  Planta  solis. 

The  ground  being  thus  set  according  to  the  rate  by 
us  experimented,  an  English  acre  conteining  forty  pearches 
in  length,  and  foure  in  breadth,  doth  there  yeeld  in 
croppe  or  ofcome  of  corne,  Beanes  and  Peaze,  at  the  least 
two  hundred  London  bushels,  besides  the  Macocquer, 
Melden,  and  Planta  solis ;  when  as  in  England  forty 
bushels  of  our  Wheat  yeelded  out  of  such  an  acre  is 
thought  to  be  much. 

I  thought  also  good  to  note  this  unto  you,  that  you 
which  shall  inhabit,  and  plant  there,  may  know  how 
specially  that  countrey  corne  is  there  to  be  preferred 
before  ours :  besides,  the  manifold  wayes  in  applying 
it  to  victual,  the  increase  is  so  much,  that  small  labor 
&  paines  is  needful  in  respect  of  that  which  must  be 
used  for  ours.  For  this  I  can  assure  you  that  according 
to  the  rate  we  have  made  proofe  of,  one  man  may  pre- 
pare and  husband  so  much  ground  (having  once  borne 
corne  before)  with  lesse  then  foure  and  twenty  houres 
labour,  as  shall  yeeld  him  victual  in  a  large  proportion 
for  a  twelvemoneth,  if  he  have  nothing  els  but  that 
which  the  same  ground  will  yeeld,  and  of  that  kinde 
onely  which  I  have  before  spoken  of:  the  sayd  ground 
being  also  but  of  five  and  twenty  yards  square.  And 
if  need  require,  but  that  there  is  ground  enough,  there 
might  be  raised  out  of  one  and  the  selfesame  ground 
two  harvests  or  ofcomes:  for  they  sow  or  set,  and  may 
at  any  time  when  they  thinke  good,  from  the  midst  of 
March  untill  the  end  of  June :  so  that  they  also  set 
when   they   have   eaten   of  their    first   croppe.     In  some 

362 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

places   of  the   countrey   notwithstanding   they  have    two 

harvests,  as    we    have  heard,  out  of  one  and  the  same 

ground. 

For  English  corne  neverthelesse,  whether  to  use  or 
not  to  use  it,  you  that  inhabit  may  doe  as  you  shall 
have  further  cause  to  thinke  best.  Of  the  growth  you 
need  not  to  doubt :  for  Barley,  Oats,  and  Peaze,  we 
have  seene  proofe  of,  not  being  purposely  sowen,  but 
fallen  casually  in  the  woorst  sort  of  ground,  and  yet  to 
be  as  faire  as  any  we  have  ever  seene  heere  in  England. 
But  of  Wheat,  because  it  was  musty,  and  had  taken 
salt  water,  we  could  make  no  triall :  and  of  Rie  we  had 
none.  Thus  much  have  I  digressed,  and  I  hope  not 
unnecessarily :  now  will  I  returne  againe  to  my  course, 
and  intreat  of  that  which  yet  remaineth,  apperteining  to 
this  chapter. 

There  is  an  herbe  which  is  sowed  apart  by  it  selfe, 
and  is  called  by  the  inhabitants  Uppowoc :  in  the  West 
Indies  it  hath  divers  names,  according  to  the  severall 
places  and  countreys  where  it  groweth  and  is  used :  the 
Spanyards  generally  call  it  Tabacco.  The  leaves  thereof  Tabacco. 
being  dried  and  brought  into  pouder,  they  use  to  take 
the  fume  or  smoake  thereof,  by  sucking  it  thorow  pipes 
made  of  clay,  into  their  stomacke  and  head ;  from  whence 
it  purgeth  superfluous  fleame  and  other  grosse  humours, 
and  openeth  all  the  pores  and  passages  of  the  body :  by 
which  meanes  the  use  thereof  not  onely  preserveth  the 
body  from  obstructions,  but  also  (if  any  be,  so  that  they 
have  not  bene  of  too  long  continuance)  in  short  time 
breaketh  them :  whereby  their  bodies  are  notably  pre- 
served in  health,  and  know  not  many  grievous  diseases, 
wherewithall  we   in   England   are   often  times   afflicted. 

This  Uppowoc  is  of  so  precious  estimation  amongst 
them,  that  they  thinke  their  gods  are  marvellously 
delighted  therewith :  whereupon  sometime  they  make 
hallowed  fires,  and  cast  some  of  the  pouder  therin  for 
a  sacrifice :  being  in  a  storme  upon  the  waters,  to  pacific 
their  gods,  they  cast  some  up  into  the  aire  and  into  the  [III.  272.] 

363 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

water :  so  a  weare  for  fish  being  newly  set  up,  they  cast 
some  therein  and  into  the  aire :  also  after  an  escape  of 
danger,  they  cast  some  into  the  aire  likewise :  but  all 
done  with  strange  gestures,  stamping,  sometime  dancing, 
clapping  of  hands,  holding  up  of  hands,  and  staring  up 
into  the  heavens,  uttering  therewithall,  and  chattering 
strano-e   words  and   noises. 

o 

We  our  selves,  during  the  time  we  were  there,  used 
to  sucke  it  after  their  maner,  as  also  since  our  returne, 
and  have  found  many  rare  and  woonderfull  experiments 
of  the  vertues  thereof:  of  which  the  relation  would 
require  a  volume  by  it  selfe :  the  use  of  it  by  so  many 
of  late  men  and  women  of  great  calling,  as  els,  and 
some  learned   Physicians  also,   is   sufficient   witnesse. 

And  these  are  all  the  commodities  for  sustenance  of 
life,  that  I  know  and  can  remember,  they  use  to  husband : 
all  els  that  follow,  are  found  growing  naturally  or  wilde. 

Of  Roots. 

^Penauk  are  a  kinde  of  roots  of  round  forme,  some 

of  the    bignesse    of  Walnuts,    some    farre    greater, 

which  are  found  in  moist  and   marish  grounds  growing 

many  together  one  by  another  in  ropes,  as  though  they 

were  fastened   with   a   string.     Being   boiled   or   sodden, 

Monardes         they  are  very  good  meat.     Monardes  calleth  these  roots, 

parte  2.  lib.  \.    gg^ds  or  Pater  nostri  of  Santa  Helena. 

cap.  4.  Qkeepenauk   are   also   of  round   shape,  found   in  dry 

grounds :    some   are    of  the    bignesse    of  a    mans   head. 

They  are    to    be    eaten    as    they   are    taken   out   of  the 

ground :     for    by    reason    of   their    drinesse    they    will 

neither  rost  nor  seethe.     Their  taste  is  not  so  good   as 

of  the  former  roots :   notwithstanding  for  want  of  bread, 

and  sometimes  for  variety  the  inhabitants  use  to  eat  them 

with  fish  or  flesh,  and  in  my  judgement  they  do  as  well  as 

the  housholde  bread  made  of  Rie  here  in  England. 

Kaishucpenauk,  a  white  kinde  of  roots  about  the  big- 
nesse of  hennes  egges,  and  neere  of  that  forme :  their 
taste  was  not  so  good  to  our  seeming  as  of  the  other,  and 

364 


O' 


A   REPORT   OF    VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

therefore  their  place  and  maner  of  growing  not  so  much 
cared  for  by  us :  the  inhabitants  notwithstanding  used  to 
boile  and  eat  many. 

Tsinaw,  a  kind  of  root  much  like  unto  that  which  in 
England  is  called  the  China  root  brought  from  the  East 
Indies.  And  we  know  not  any  thing  to  the  contrary  but 
that  it  may  be  of  the  same  kinde.  These  roots  grow  many 
together  in  great  clusters,  and  do  bring  foorth  a  brier 
stalke,  but  the  leafe  in  shape  farre  unlike :  which  being 
supported  by  the  trees  it  groweth  neerest  unto,  will  reach 
or  climbe  to  the  top  of  the  highest.  From  these  roots 
while  they  be  new  or  fresh,  being  chopt  into  small  pieces, 
and  stampt,  is  strained  with  water  a  juice  that  maketh 
bread,  and  also  being  boiled,  a  very  good  spoonmeat  in 
maner  of  a  gelly,  and  is  much  better  in  taste,  if  it  be 
tempered  with  oile.  This  Tsinaw  is  not  of  that  sort, 
which  by  some  was  caused  to  be  brought  into  England 
for  the  China  root ;  for  it  was  discovered  since,  and  is  in 
use  as  is  aforesayd :  but  that  which  was  brought  hither  is 
not  yet  knowen,  neither  by  us  nor  by  the  inhabitants  to 
serve  for  any  use  or  purpose,  although  the  roots  in  shape 
are  very  like. 

Coscushaw  some  of  our  company  tooke  to  be  that 
kinde  of  root  which  the  Spanyards  in  the  West  Indies 
call  Cassavy,  whereupon  also  many  called  it  by  that  name : 
it  groweth  in  very  muddy  pooles,  and  moist  grounds. 
Being  dressed  according  to  the  countrey  maner,  it  maketh 
a  good  bread,  and  also  a  good  spoonmeat,  and  is  used 
very  much  by  the  inhabitants.  The  juice  of  this  root  is  The  juice  of 
poison,  &  therefore  heed  must  be  taken  before  any  thing  Coscushaw  is 
be  made  therewithall :  either  the  roots  must  be  first  ^°"°'^- 
sliced  and  dried  in  the  Sunne,  or  by  the  fire,  and  then 
being  punned  into  floure,  will  make  good  bread  :  or  els 
while  they  are  greene  they  are  to  be  pared,  cut  in  pieces, 
and  stampt :  loaves  of  the  same  to  be  layd  nere  or  over 
the  fire  untill  it  be  sowre ;  and  then  being  well  punned 
againe,  bread  or  spoonmeat  very  good  in  taste  and  hole- 
some  may  be  made  thereof. 

365 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

Habascon  is  a  root  of  hote  taste,  almost  of  the  forme 
and  bignesse  of  a  Parsnip  :  of  it  selfe  it  is  no  victuall,  but 
onely  a  helpe,  being  boiled  together  with  other  meats. 

There  are  also  Leeks,  differing  little  from  ours  in  Eng- 
land, that  grow  in  many  places  of  the  countrey ;  of 
which,  when  we  came  in  places  where  they  were,  we 
gathered    and    eat    many,    but    the    naturall    inhabitants 


to"- 

never. 


G 


Of  Fruits. 

(Hestnuts  there  are  in  divers  places  great  store :  some 
they  use  to  eat  raw,  some  they  stampe  and  boile  to 
make  spoonmeat,  and  with  some  being  sodden,  they 
make  such  a  maner  of  dough  bread  as  they  use  of  their 
beanes  before  mentioned, 
[III.  273.]  Walnuts.  There  are  two  kinds  of  Walnuts,  and  of 
them  infinite  store :  in  many  places,  where  are  very  great 
woods  for  many  miles  together,  the  third  part  of  trees 
are  Walnut  trees.  The  one  kinde  is  of  the  same  taste 
and  forme,  or  little  differing  from  ours  of  England,  but 
that  they  are  harder  and  thicker  shelled :  the  other  is 
greater,  and  hath  a  very  ragged  and  hard  shell :  but  the 
kernel  great,  very  oily  and  sweet.  Besides  their  eating 
of  them  after  our  ordinary  maner,  they  breake  them  with 
stones,  and  punne  them  in  morters  with  water,  to  make 
a  milke  which  they  use  to  put  into  some  sorts  of  their 
spoonemeat :  also  among  their  sodde  wheat,  peaze,  beanes 
and  pompions,  which  maketh  them  have  a  farre  more 
pleasant  taste. 

Medlars,  a  kinde  of  very  good  fruit :  so  called  by  us 
chiefly  for  these  respects :  first  in  that  they  are  not  good 
untill  they  be  rotten,  then  in  that  they  open  at  the  head 
as  our  Medlars,  and  are  about  the  same  bignesse :  other- 
wise in  taste  and  colour  they  are  farre  different ;  for  they 
are  as  red  as  cheries,  and  very  sweet :  but  whereas  the 
chery  is  sharpe  sweet,  they  are  lushious  sweet. 

Mutaquesunnauk,  a  kinde  of  pleasant  fruit  almost  of 
the  shape  and  bignesse  of  English  peares,  but  that  they  are 

366 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

'  1586. 

of  a  perfect  red  colour  aswell  within  as  without.     They  There  are  Hi. 
grow  on  a  plant  whose  leaves  are  very  thicke,  and  full  of  i^^^ds  ofTums 
prickles  as  sharpe  as  needles.     Some  that  have  beene  in  "^kick  heareth 
the  Indies,  where  they  have  scene  that  kind  of  red  die  of  nofruithhing- 
great  price,  which  is  called  Cochinile,  to  grow,  doe  de-  ethfoorth  the 
scribe  his  plant  right  like  unto  this  of  Metaquesunnauk ;  Cochinilk. 
but  whether  it  be  the  true  Cochinile,  or  a  bastard  or  wilde 
kinde,   it  cannot  yet  be   certified,   seeing  that  also,  as  I 
heard,  Cochinile  is  not  of  the  fruit,  but  found  on  the 
leaves  of  the  plant :  which  leaves  for  such  matter  we  have 
not  so  specially  observed. 

Grapes  there  are  of  two  sorts,  which  I  mentioned  in 
the  merchantable  commodities. 

Strawberies  there  are  as  good  and  as  great  as  those 
which  we  have  in  our  English  gardens. 

Mulberies,  Applecrabs,  Hurts  or  Hurtleberies,  such  as 
we  have  in  England. 

Sacquenummener,  a  kinde  of  berries  almost  like  unto 
Capers,  but  somewhat  greater,  which  grow  together  in 
clusters  upon  a  plant  or  hearbe  that  is  found  in  shallow 
waters :  being  boiled  eight  or  nine  houres  according  to 
their  kinde,  are  very  good  meat  and  holesome  ;  otherwise 
if  they  be  eaten  they  will  make  a  man  for  the  time  fran- 
tike  or  extremely  sicke. 

There  is  a  kinde  of  Reed  which  beareth  a  seed  almost 
like  unto  our  Rie  or  Wheat ;  and  being  boiled  is  good 
meat. 

In  our  travels  in  some  places  we  found  Wilde  peaze 
like  unto  ours  in  England,  but  that  they  were  lesse, 
which  are  also  good  meat. 

Of  a  kinde  of  fruit  or  berry  in  forme  of  Acornes. 

THere  is  a  kinde  of  berry  or  acorne,  of  which  there  are 
five  sorts  that  grow  on  severall  kindes  of  trees :  the 
one  is  called  Sagatemener,  the  second  Osamener,  the  third 
Pummuckoner.  These  kinde  of  acornes  they  use  to  drie 
upon  hurdles  made  of  reeds,  with  fire  underneath,  almost 
after  the  maner  as  we  dry  Malt  in  England.     When  they 

367 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

are  to  be  used,  they  first  water  them  untill  they  be  soft, 
and  then  being  sod,  they  make  a  good  victuall,  either  to 
eat  so  simply,  or  els  being  also  punned  to  makes  loaves 
or  lumps  of  bread.  These  be  also  the  three  kinds,  of 
which  I  sayd  before  the  inhabitants  used  to  make 
sweet  oile. 

Another  sort  is  called  Sapummener,  which  being  boiled 
or  parched,  doth  eat  and  taste  like  unto  Chesnuts.  They 
sometime  also  make  bread  of  this  sort. 

The  fift  sort  is  called  Mangummenauk,  and  is  the 
acorne  of  their  kinde  of  Oake,  the  which  being  dried 
after  the  maner  of  the  first  sorts,  and  afterward  watered, 
they  boile  them,  and  their  servants,  or  sometime  the 
chiefe  themselves,  either  for  variety  or  for  want  of  bread, 
do  eat  them  with  their  fish  or  flesh. 

Of  Beasts. 

DEere,  in  some  places  there  are  great  store:  neere 
unto  the  Sea  coast  they  are  of  the  ordinary  bignesse 
of  ours  in  England,  and  some  lesse :  but  further  up  into 
the  countrey,  where  there  is  better  food,  they  are  greater  : 
they  differ  from  ours  onely  in  this,  their  tailes  are  longer, 
and  the  snags  of  their  homes  looke  backward. 

Conies.  Those  that  we  have  scene,  and  all  that  we 
can  heare  of  are  of  a  gray  colour  like  unto  Hares :  in 
some  places  there  are  such  plenty  that  all  the  people  of 
some  townes  make  them  mantles  of  the  furre  or  flue  of 
the  skinnes  of  those  which  they  usually  take. 

Saquenuckot  and  Maquowoc,  two  kinds  of  small  beasts 
greater  then  Conies,  which  are  very  good  meat.  We 
never  tooke  any  of  them  our  selves  but  sometime  eat 
of  such  as  the  inhabitants  had  taken  and  brought  unto  us. 
[III.  274.]  Squirels,  which  are  of  a  grey  colour,  we  have  taken  and 
eaten. 

Beares,  which  are  of  blacke  colour.  The  beares  of 
this  countrey  are  good  meat.  The  inhabitants  in  time 
of  Winter  do  use  to  take  &  eat  many  :  so  also  sometime 
did   we.     They   are   taken   commonly    in  this  sort  :     In 

368 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

some  Islands  or  places  where  they  are,  being  hunted 
for,  assoone  as  they  have  spiall  of  a  man,  they  presently 
run  away,  and  then  being  chased,  they  clime  and  get  up 
the  next  tree  they  can  :  from  whence  with  arrowes  they 
are  shot  downe  starke  dead,  or  with  those  wounds  that 
they  may  after  easily  be  killed.  We  sometime  shot 
them   downe  with  our  calievers. 

I  have  the  names  of  eight  and  twenty  severall  sorts 
of  beasts,  which  I  have  heard  of  to  be  here  and  there 
dispersed  in  the  countrey,  especially  in  the  maine  :  of 
which  there  are  only  twelve  kinds  that  we  have  yet 
discovered  ;  and  of  those  that  be  good  meat  we  know 
only  them  before  mentioned.  The  inhabitants  sometime 
kill  the  Lion,  and  eat  him  :  and  we  sometime  as  they 
came  to  our  hands  of  their  Woolves  or  Woolvish  dogs, 
which  I  have  not  set  downe  for  good  meat,  least  that 
some  would  understand  my  judgement  therein  to  be 
more  simple  then  needeth,  although  I  could  alleage  the 
difference  in  taste  of  those  kinds  from  ours,  which  by 
some  of  our  company  have  bene  experimented  in 
both. 

Of  Fov^le. 

TUrkie  cocks  and  Turkie  hennes.  Stockdoves, 
Partridges,  Cranes,  Hemes,  and  in  Winter  great 
store  of  Swannes  and  Geese.  Of  all  sorts  of  fowle  I 
have  the  names  in  the  countrey  language  of  fourescore 
and  sixe,  of  which  number,  besides  those  that  be  named, 
we  have  taken,  eaten,  &  have  the  pictures  as  they  were 
there  drawen,  with  the  names  of  the  inhabitants,  of 
severall  strange  sorts  of  water  fowle  eight,  and  seven- 
teene  kinds  more  of  land  fowle,  although  we  have  scene 
and  eaten  of  many  more,  which  for  want  of  leasure 
there  for  the  purpose,  could  not  be  pictured  :  and  after 
we  are  better  furnished  and  stored  upon  further  discovery 
with  their  strange  beasts,  fish,  trees,  plants,  and  herbs, 
they  shalbe  also  published. 

There  are  also   Parrots,  Faulcons,  and  Marlin  hauks, 

VIII  369  2  A 


F 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

which  although  with  us  they  be  not  used  for  meat,  yet 
for  other  causes  I   thought  good  to  mention. 

Of  Fish. 

^Or  foure  moneths  of  the  yeere,  February,  March, 
Aprill  and  May,  there  are  plenty  of  Sturgeons. 
And  also  in  the  same  moneths  of  Herrings,  some  of 
the  ordinary  bignesse  of  ours  in  England,  but  the  most 
part  farre  greater,  of  eighteene,  twenty  inches,  and  some 
two  foot  in  length  and  better  :  both  these  kinds  of  fish 
in  those  moneths  are  most  plentifull,  and  in  best  season, 
which  we  found  to  be  most  delicate  and  pleasant  meat. 

There   are   also    Trouts,    Porpoises,   Rayes,   Oldwives, 

Mullets,  Plaice,  and  very  many  other  sorts  of  excellent 

good  fish,  which  we  have  taken  and  eaten,  whose  names 

I   know   not   but    in    the    countrey   language  :    we    have 

the  pictures  of  twelve  sorts  more,  as  they  were  drawen 

in  the  countrey,  with   their  names. 

In  the  gulfe  The    inhabitants    use    to    take    them    two    maner    of 

of  Califormta   ^^ayes  ;  the  one  is  by  a  kinde  of  weare  made  of  reeds, 

like  Min?       which  in  that  country  are  very  strong  :   the  other  way, 

which  is  more  strange,  is  with  poles  made  sharpe  at  one 

end,  by  shooting  them  into  the  fish  after  the   maner  as 

Irish  men  cast  darts,  either  as  they  are  rowing  in  their 

boats,  or  els  as  they  are  wading  in  the  shallowes  for  the 

purpose. 

There  are  also  in  many  places  plenty  of  these  kinds 
which   follow  : 

Sea-crabs,   such  as  we  have  in   England. 

Oisters,  some  very  great,  and  some  small,  some 
round,  and  some  of  a  long  shape  :  they  are  found  both 
in  salt  water  and  brackish,  and  those  that  we  had  out 
of  salt  water  are  farre  better  then  the  other,  as  in  our 
countrey. 

Also   Muscles,   Scalops,  Periwinkles,  and  Crevises. 

Seekanauk,  a  kinde  of  crusty  shel-fish,  which  is  good 
meat,  about  a  foot  in  bredth,  having  a  crusty  taile  many 
legges   like   a   crab,  and   her  eyes  in  her  backe.       They 

370 


A  REPORT   OF  VIRGINIA 

are  found  in  shallowes  of  waters,  and  sometime  on  the 
shore. 

There  are  many  Tortoises  both  of  land  and  sea  kinde, 
their  backs  and  bellies  are  shelled  very  thicke  ;  their  head, 
feet,  and  taile,  which  are  in  appearance,  seeme  ougly, 
as  though  they  were  members  of  a  serpent  or  venimous 
beasts  ;  but  notwithstanding  they  are  very  good  meat, 
as  also  their  eggs.  Some  have  bene  found  of  a  yard  in 
bredth   and  better. 

And  thus  have  I  made  relation  of  all  sorts  of  victuall 
that  we  fed  upon  for  the  time  we  were  in  Virginia,  as 
also  the  inhabitants  themselves,  as  farre  forth  as  I  know 
and  can  remember,  or  that  are  specially  woorthy  to  be 
remembred. 


A.D. 

1586. 


The  third  and  last  part  of  such  other  things  as  are  [HI.  275. 
behovefull  for  those  which  shall  plant  and  in- 
habite   to  know  of,  with  a  description  of  the 
nature  and  maners  of  the  people  of  the  Coun- 
trey. 

Of  commodities  for  building  and  other  necessary 

uses. 


Hose  other  things  which  I  am  more  to 
make  rehearsal  of,  are  such  as  concerne 
building,  &  other  mechanicall  necessary 
uses,  as  divers  sorts  of  trees  for  house 
and  ship-timber,  and  other  uses  else  : 
Also  lime,  stone,  and  bricke,  least  that 
being  not  mentioned  some  might  have 
bene  doubted  of,  or  by  some  that  are  malitious  the 
contrary  reported. 

Okes  there  are  as  faire,  straight,  tall,  and  as  good 
timber  as  any  can  be,  and  also  great  store,  and  in  some 
places  very  great. 

Walnut  trees,  as  I  have  said  before  very  many,  some 
have  bene  seene  excellent  faire  timber  of  foure  and  five 

371 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

fadome,    and    above    fourescore    foote    straight    without 
bough. 

Firre  trees  fit  for  masts  of  ships,  some  very  tall  and 
great. 

Rakiock,  a  kinde  of  trees  so  called  that  are  sweete 
wood,  of  which  the  inhabitants  that  were  neere  unto 
us  doe  commonly  make  their  boates  or  Canoas  of  the 
forme  of  trowes,  onely  with  the  helpe  of  fire,  hatchets 
of  stones,  and  shels  :  we  have  knowen  some  so  great 
being  made  in  that  sort  of  one  tree,  that  they  have 
caried  well  20.  men  at  once,  besides  much  baggage  :  the 
timber  being  great,  tall,  streight,  soft,  light,  and  yet 
tough  ynough  I  thinke  (besides  other  uses)  to  be  fit  also 
for  masts  of  ships. 

Cedar,  a  sweete  wood  good  for  seelings,  chests,  boxes, 
bedsteads,  lutes,  virginals,  and  many  things  els,  as  I 
have  also  said  before.  Some  of  our  company  which 
have  wandered  in  some  places  where  I  have  not  bene, 
have  made  certaine  affirmation  of  Cyprus,  which  for 
such  and  other  excellent  uses  is  also  a  wood  of  price 
and  no  small  estimation. 

Maple,  and  also  Wich-hazle,  whereof  the  inhabitants 
use  to  make  their  bowes. 

Holly,  a  necessary  thing  for  the  making  of  birdlime. 

Willowes  good  for  the  making  of  weares  and  weeles 
to  take  fish  after  the  English  maner,  although  the 
inhabitants  use  onely  reedes,  which  because  they  are  so 
strong  as  also  flexible,  doe  serve  for  that  turne  very 
well  and   sufficiently. 

Beech  and  Ashe,  good  for  caske-hoopes,  and  if  neede 
require,   plowe  worke,  as  also  for  many  things  els. 

Elme.}      {Sassafras  trees. 

Ascopo  a  kinde  of  tree  very  like  unto  Lawrell,  the 
barke  is  hot  in  taste  and  spicie,  it  is  very  like  to  that 
tree  which  Monardes  describeth  to  be  Cassia  Lignea  of 
the   West   Indies. 

There  are  many  other  strange  trees  whose  names  I 
know  not  but  in  the  Virginian  language,  of  which  I  am 

372 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

not  now  able,  neither  is  it  so  convenient  for  the  present 
to  trouble  you  with  particular  relation  :  seeing  that  for 
timber  and  other  necessary  uses,  I  have  named  sufficient. 
And  of  many  of  the  rest,  but  that  they  may  be  applied 
to  good  use,   I   know  no  cause  to  doubt. 

Now  for  stone,  bricke,  and  lime,  thus  it  is.  Neere 
unto  the  Sea  coast  where  wee  dwelt,  there  are  no  kinde 
of  stones  to  be  found  (except  a  few  small  pebbles  about 
foure  miles  off)  but  such  as  have  bene  brought  from 
further  out  of  the  maine.  In  some  of  our  voyages  we 
have  seene  divers  hard  raggie  stones,  great  pebbles,  and 
a  kinde  of  gray  stone  like  unto  marble  of  which  the 
inhabitants  make  their  hatchets  to  cleave  wood.  Upon 
inquirie  wee  heard  that  a  little  further  up  into  the 
Countrey  were  of  all  sorts  very  many,  although  of 
quarries  they  are  ignorant,  neither  have  they  use  of  any 
store  whereupon  they  should  have  occasion  to  seeke 
any.  For  if  every  housholde  have  one  or  two  to 
cracke  nuts,  grinde  shels,  whet  copper,  and  sometimes 
other  stones  for  hatchets,  they  have  ynough  :  neither 
use  they  any  digging,  but  onely  for  graves  about  three 
foote  deepe  :  and  therefore  no  marveile  that  they  know 
neither  quarries,  nor  lime-stones,  which  both  may  be  in 
places  neerer  then  they  wot  of. 

In  the  meane  time  until  there  be  discovery  of  sufficient 
store  in  some  place  or  other  convenient,  the  want  of  you 
which  are  &  shalbe  the  planters  therein  may  be  as  well 
supplied  by  bricke :  for  the  making  whereof  in  divers 
places  of  the  Countrey  there  is  clay  both  excellent  good, 
and  plentie,  and  also  by  lime  made  of  oyster  shels,  and 
of  others  burnt,  after  the  maner  as  they  use  in  the  Isles 
of  Tenet  and  Shepy,  and  also  in  divers  other  places  of 
England  :  Which  kinde  of  lime  is  well  knowen  to  be  as 
good  as  any  other.  And  of  oyster  shels  there  is  plentie 
ynough  :  for  besides  divers  other  particular  places  where  [III.  276.] 
are  abundance,  there  is  one  shallow  Sound  along  the 
coast,  where  for  the  space  of  many  miles  together  in 
length,  and  two  or  three  miles  in  breadth,  the  ground  is 

373 


A.D. 

1586. 


Jaques  Car- 
tier,  voyage  2. 
chap.  8. 


THE  ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

nothing   els,  being  but  halfe   a   foote   or   a   foote   under 
water  for  the  most  part. 

Thus  much  can  I  say  furthermore  of  stones,  that 
about  120.  miles  from  our  fort  neere  the  water  in  the 
side  of  a  hill,  was  found  by  a  Gentleman  of  our  com- 
pany, a  great  veine  of  hard  ragge  stones,  which  I  thought 
good  to  remember  unto  you. 

Of  the  nature  and  maners  of  the  people. 

T  resteth  I  speake  a  word  or  two  of  the 
naturall  inhabitants,  their  natures  and 
maners,  leaving  large  discourse  thereof 
until  time  more  convenient  hereafter  : 
nowe  onely  so  farre  foorth,  as  that  you 
may  know,  how  that  they  in  respect  of 
troubling    our    inhabiting    and    planting, 


are  not  to  be  feared,  but  that  they  shall  have  cause  both 
to  feare  and  love  us,  that  shall  inhabite  with   them. 

They  are  a  people  clothed  with  loose  mantles  made 
of  deere  skinnes,  and  aprons  of  the  same  round  about 
their  middles,  all  els  naked,  of  such  a  difference  of 
statures  onely  as  wee  in  England,  having  no  edge  tooles 
or  weapons  of  yron  or  Steele  to  offend  us  withall,  neither 
knowe  they  how  to  make  any  :  those  weapons  that  they 
have,  are  onely  bowes  made  of  Witch-hazle,  and  arrowes 
of  reedes,  flat  edged  truncheons  also  of  wood  about  a 
yard  long,  neither  have  they  any  thing  to  defend  them- 
selves but  targets  made  of  barkes,  and  some  armours 
made  of  sticks  wickered  together  with  thread. 

Their  townes  are  but  small,  and  neere  the  Sea  coast 
but  fewe,  some  contayning  but  tenne  or  twelve  houses  ; 
some  20.  the  greatest  that  we  have  seene  hath  bene  but 
of  30.  houses  :  if  they  bee  walled,  it  is  onely  done  with 
barkes  of  trees  made  fast  to  stakes,  or  els  with  poles 
onely  fixed  upright,  and  close  one  by  another. 

Their  houses  are  made  of  small  poles,  made  fast  at 
the  tops  in  round  forme  after  the  maner  as  is  used  in 
many    arbories    in    our   gardens    of    England,    in    most 

374 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

townes  covered  with  barkes,  and  in  some  with  artificiall 

mats  made  of  long  rushes,  from  the  tops  of  the  houses 

downe  to  the  ground.     The  length  of  them  is  commonly 

double  to  the  breadth,  in  some   places  they  are  but   12. 

and   16.  yards  long,  and  in  other   some  we   have   scene 

of  foure  and  twentie. 

In  some  places  of  the  Countrey,  one  onely  towne 
belongeth  to  the  government  of  a  Wiroans  or  chiefe 
Lord,  in  other  some  two  or  three,  in  some  sixe,  eight, 
and  more :  the  greatest  Wiroans  that  yet  wee  had 
dealing  with,  had  but  eighteene  townes  in  his  govern- 
ment, and  able  to  make  not  above  seven  or  eight 
hundreth  fighting  men  at  the  most.  The  language  of 
every  government  is  different  from  any  other,  and  the 
further  they  are  distant,  the  greater  is   the   difference. 

Their  maner  of  warres  amongst  themselves  is  either  by 
sudden  surprising  one  an  other  most  commonly  about 
the  dawning  of  the  day,  or  moone-light,  or  els  by  am- 
bushes, or  some  subtile  devises.  Set  battels  are  very 
rare,  except  it  fall  out  where  there  are  many  trees, 
where  either  part  may  have  some  hope  of  defence, 
after  the  delivery  of  every  arrow,  in  leaping  behind 
some  or  other. 

If  there  fall  out  any  warres  betweene  us  and  them, 
what  their  fight  is  likely  to  bee,  wee  having  advantages 
against  them  so  many  maner  of  wayes,  as  by  our 
discipline,  our  strange  weapons  and  devises  else, 
especially  Ordinance  great  and  small,  it  may  easily  bee 
imagined  :  by  the  experience  wee  have  had  in  some 
places,  the  turning  Up  of  their  heeles  against  us  in 
running  away  was  their  best  defence. 

In  respect  of  us  they  are  a  people  poore,  and  for 
want  of  skill  and  judgement  in  the  knowledge  and  use 
of  our  things,  doe  esteeme  our  trifles  before  things  of 
greater  value  :  Notwithstanding,  in  their  proper  maner 
(considering  the  want  of  such  meanes  as  we  have), 
they  seeme  very  ingenious.  For  although  they  have  no 
such  tooles,  nor  any  such  crafts.  Sciences  and   Artes  as 

375 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

wee,  yet  in  those  things  they  doe,  they  shew  excellencie 
of  wit.  And  by  how  much  they  upon  due  consideration 
shall  finde  our  maner  of  knowledges  and  crafts  to 
exceede  theirs  in  perfection,  and  speede  for  doing  or 
execution,  by  so  much  the  more  is  it  probable  that 
they  should  desire  our  friendship  and  love,  and  have 
the  greater  respect  for  pleasing  and  obeying  us. 
Whereby  may  bee  hoped,  if  meanes  of  good  government 
be  used,  that  they  may  in  short  time  bee  brought  to 
civilitie,  and  the  imbracing  of  true  Religion. 

Some  religion  they  have  already,  which  although  it 
be  farre  from  the  trueth,  yet  being  as  it  is,  there  is 
hope  it  may  be  the  easier  and  sooner   reformed. 

They  beleeve  that  there  are  many  gods,  which  they 
call  Mantoac,  but  of  different  sorts  &  degrees,  one 
onely  chiefe  and  great  God,  which  hath  bene  from  all 
[III.  277,]  eternitie.  Who,  as  they  affirme,  when  hee  purposed  to 
make  the  world,  made  first  other  gods  of  a  principal] 
order,  to  be  as  meanes  and  instruments  to  be  used  in 
the  creation  and  government  to  follow,  and  after  the 
Sunne,  moone,  and  starres  as  pettie  gods,  and  the 
instruments  of  the  other  order  more  principal.  First 
(they  say)  were  made  waters,  out  of  which  by  the  gods 
was  made  all  diversitie  of  creatures  that  are  visible  or 
invisible. 

For  mankinde  they  say  a  woman  was  made  first, 
which  by  the  working  of  one  of  the  gods,  conceived 
and  brought  foorth  children  :  And  in  such  sort  they 
say  they  had  their  beginning.  But  how  many  yeeres  or 
ages  have  passed  since,  they  say  they  can  make  no  re- 
lation, having  no  letters  nor  other  such  meanes  as  we  to 
keepe  Records  of  the  particularities  of  times  past,  but 
onely  tradition  from  father  to  sonne. 

They  thinke  that  all  the  gods  are  of  humane  shape, 
and  therefore  they  represent  them  by  images  in  the 
formes  of  men,  which  they  call  Kewasowok,  one  alone 
is  called  Kewas  :  them  they  place  in  houses  appropriate 
or   temples,  which   they  call    Machicomuck,  where   they 

376 


A   VIRGINIAN   PRIEST 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

worship,  pray,  sing,  and  make  many  times  offring  unto 
them.  In  some  Machicomuck  we  have  scene  but  one 
Kewas,  in  some  two,  and  in  other  some  three.  The 
common  sort  thinke  them  to  be  also   gods. 

They  beleeve  also  the  immortalitie  of  the  soule,  that 
after  this  life  as  soone  as  the  soule  is  departed  from  the 
body,  according  to  the  workes  it  hath  done,  it  is  either 
caried  to  heaven  the  habitacle  of  gods,  there  to  enjoy 
perpetuall  blisse  and  happinesse,  or  els  to  a  great  pitte 
or  hole,  which  they  thinke  to  be  in  the  furthest  parts  of 
their  part  of  the  world  toward  the  Sunne  set,  there  to 
burne  continually  :   the  place  they  call  Popogusso. 

For  the  confirmation  of  this  opinion,  they  tolde  me 
two  stories  of  two  men  that  had  bene  lately  dead  and 
revived  againe,  the  one  happened  but  few  yeeres 
before  our  comming  into  the  Countrey  of  a  wicked 
man,  which  having  bene  dead  and  buried,  the  next  day 
the  earth  of  the  grave  being  scene  to  move,  was  taken 
up  againe,  who  made  declaration  where  his  soule  had  bene, 
that  is  to  say,  very  neere  entring  into  Popogusso,  had 
not  one  of  the  gods  saved  him,  and  gave  him  leave  to 
returne  againe,  and  teach  his  friends  what  they  should 
do  to  avoyd  that  terrible  place  of  torment.  The  other 
happened  in  the  same  yecre  we  were  there,  but  in  a 
towne  that  was  60.  miles  from  us,  and  it  was  told  me 
for  strange  newes,  that  one  being  dead,  buried,  and 
taken  up  againe  as  the  first,  shewed  that  although  his 
body  had  lien  dead  in  the  grave,  yet  his  soule  was 
alive,  &  had  travailed  farre  in  a  long  broad  way,  on 
both  sides  whereof  grew  most  delicate  and  pleasant 
trees,  bearing  more  rare  and  excellent  fruits,  then  ever 
hee  had  scene  before,  or  was  able  to  expresse,  and  at 
length  came  to  most  brave  and  faire  houses,  neere 
which  he  met  his  father  that  had  bene  dead  before, 
who  gave  him  great  charge  to  goe  backe  againe,  and 
shew  his  friendes  what  good  they  were  to  doe  to  en- 
joy the  pleasures  of  that  place,  which  when  he  had 
done  he  should  after   come   againe. 

377 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

What  subtiltie  soever  be  In  the  Wiroances  and 
priestes,  this  opinion  worketh  so  much  in  many  of  the 
common  and  simple  sort  of  people,  that  it  maketh 
them  have  great  respect  to  their  Governours,  and  also 
great  care  what  they  doe,  to  avoyd  torment  after  death, 
and  to  enjoy  blisse,  although  notwithstanding  there  is 
punishment  ordeined  for  malefactours,  as  stealers, 
whoremongers,  and  other  sorts  of  wicked  doers,  some 
punished  with  death,  some  with  forfeitures,  some  with 
beating,  according  to  the  greatnesse  of  the  facts. 

And  this  is  the  summe  of  their  Religion,  which  I 
learned  by  having  speciall  familiaritie  with  some  of 
their  priests.  Wherein  they  were  not  so  sure 
grounded,  nor  gave  such  credite  to  their  traditions  and 
stories,  but  through  conversing  with  us  they  were 
brought  into  great  doubts  of  their  owne,  and  no  small 
admiration  of  ours,  with  earnest  desire  in  many,  to 
learne  more  then  wee  had  meanes  for  want  of  perfect 
utterance  in  their  language  to  expresse. 

Most  things  they  sawe  with  us,  as  Mathematical! 
instruments,  sea  Compasses,  the  vertue  of  the  load-stone 
in  drawing  yron,  a  perspective  glasse  whereby  was 
shewed  many  strange  sights,  burning  glasses,  wilde 
firewoorkes,  gunnes,  hookes,  writing  and  reading,  spring- 
clockes  that  seeme  to  goe  of  themselves  and  many 
other  things  that  wee  had  were  so  strange  unto  them, 
and  so  farre  exceeded  their  capacities  to  comprehend  the 
reason  and  meanes  how  they  should  be  made  and  done, 
that  they  thought  they  were  rather  the  workes  of  gods 
then  of  men,  or  at  the  leastwise  they  had  bene  given 
and  taught  us  of  the  gods.  Which  made  many  of 
them  to  have  such  opinion  of  us,  as  that  if  they  knew 
not  the  trueth  of  God  and  Religion  already,  it  was 
rather  to  bee  had  from  us  whom  God  so  specially 
loved,  then  from  a  people  that  were  so  simple,  as  they 
found  themselves  to  be  in  comparison  of  us.  Where- 
upon greater  credite  was  given  unto  that  wee  spake  of, 
concerning  such   matters. 

378 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

Many  times  and  in  every  towne  where  1  came, 
according  as  I  was  able,  I  made  declaration  of  the  con- 
tents of  the  Bible,  that  therein  was  set  foorth  the  true 
and  onely  God,  and  his  mightie  workes,  that  therein  [HI.  278.] 
was  conteined  the  true  doctrine  of  salvation  through 
Christ,  with  many  particularities  of  Miracles  and  chiefe 
points  of  Religion,  as  I  was  able  then  to  utter,  and 
thought  fit  for  the  time.  And  although  I  told  them 
the  booke  materially  and  of  it  selfe  was  not  of 
any  such  vertue,  as  I  thought  they  did  conceive,  but 
onely  the  doctrine  therein  conteined :  yet  would  many 
be  glad  to  touch  it,  to  embrace  it,  to  kisse  it,  to  holde 
it  to  their  breastes  and  heads,  and  stroke  over  all 
their  body  with  it,  to  shew  their  hungry  desire  of  that 
knowledge  which  was  spoken  of. 

The  Wiroans  with  whom  we  dwelt  called  Wingina, 
and  many  of  his  people  would  bee  glad  many  times  to 
be  with  us  at  our  Prayers,  and  many  times  call  upon 
us  both  in  his  owne  towne,  as  also  in  others  whither 
hee  sometimes  accompanied  us,  to  pray  and  sing 
Psalmes,  hoping  thereby  to  be  partaker  of  the  same 
effects  which  we  by  that  meanes  also  expected. 

Twise  this  "Wiroans  was  so  grievously  sicke  that  he 
was  like  to  die,  and  as  he  lay  languishing,  doubting 
of  any  helpe  by  his  owne  priestes,  and  thinking  hee  was 
in  such  danger  for  offending  us  and  thereby  our  God, 
sent  for  some  of  us  to  pray  and  bee  a  meanes  to  our 
God  that  it  would  please  him  either  that  he  might  live, 
or  after  death  dwell  with  him  in  blisse,  so  likewise 
were  the  requests  of  many  others  in  the  like  case. 

On  a  time  also  when  their  corne  began  to  wither  by 
reason  of  a  drought  which  happened  extraordinarily, 
fearing  that  it  had  come  to  passe  by  reason  that  in 
some  thing  they  had  displeased  us,  many  would  come 
to  us  and  desire  us  to  pray  to  our  God  of  England, 
that  he  would  preserve  their  Corne,  promising  that 
when  it  was  ripe  we  also  should  be  partakers  of  the 
fruit. 

379 


AD.  THE    ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1586. 

There  could  at  no  time  happen  any  strange  sick- 
nesse,  losses,  hurts,  or  any  other  crosse  unto  them,  but 
that  they  would  impute  to  us  the  cause  or  meanes 
thereof,  for  offending  or  not  pleasing  us.  One  other 
rare  and  strange  accident,  leaving  others,  wil  I  mention 
before  I  end,  which  moved  the  whole  Countrey  that 
either  knew  or  heard  of  us,  to  have  us  in  wonderfuU 
admiration. 

There  was  no  towne  where  wee  had  any  subtile 
devise  practised  against  us,  wee  leaving  it  unpunished 
or  not  revenged  (because  we  sought  by  all  meanes 
possible  to  win  them  by  gentlenesse)  but  that  within  a 
few  dayes  after  our  departure  from  every  such  Towne, 
the  people  began  to  die  very  fast,  and  many  in  short 
space,  in  some  Townes  about  twentie,  in  some  fourtie, 
and  in  one  sixe  score,  which  in  trueth  was  very  many  in 
respect  of  their  numbers.  This  happened  in  no  place 
that  we  could  learne,  but  where  we  had  bin,  where  they 
used  some  practise  against  us,  &  after  such  time.  The 
disease  also  was  so  strange,  that  they  neither  knewe 
what  it  was,  nor  how  to  cure  it,  the  like  by  report  of 
the  oldest  men  in  the  Countrey  never  happened  before, 
time  out  of  minde.  A  thing  specially  observed  by  us, 
as  also  by  the  naturall  inhabitants  themselves.  Inso- 
much that  when  some  of  the  inhabitants  which  were 
our  friends,  and  especially  the  Wiroans  Wingina,  had 
observed  such  effects  in  foure  or  five  Townes  to 
followe  their  wicked  practises,  they  were  perswaded  that 
it  was  the  worke  of  our  God  through  our  meanes,  and 
that  we  by  him  might  kill  and  slay  whom  we  would 
without  weapons,  and  not  come  neere  them.  And 
thereupon  when  it  had  happened  that  they  had  under- 
standing that  any  of  their  enemies  had  abused  us  in 
our  journeys,  hearing  that  we  had  wrought  no  revenge 
with  our  weapons,  and  fearing  upon  some  cause  the 
matter  should  so  rest  :  did  come  and  intreate  us  that 
we  would  be  a  meanes  to  our  God  that  they  as  others 
that    had    dealt    ill    with    us    might    in    like     sort    die, 

380 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

alleadging  how  much  it  would  bee  for  our  credite  and 
profile,  as  also  theirs,  and  hoping  furthermore  that  we 
would  doe  so  much  at  their  requests  in  respect  of  the 
friendship  we  professed  them. 

Whose  entreaties  although  wee  shewed  that  they  were 
ungodly,  affirming  that  our  God  would  not  subject 
himselfe  to  any  such  prayers  and  requests  of  men  :  that 
indeede  all  things  have  bene  and  were  to  be  done 
according  to  his  good  pleasure  as  he  had  ordeined  : 
and  that  we  to  shewe  our  selves  his  true  servants 
ought  rather-  to  make  petition  for  the  contrary,  that 
they  with  them  might  live  together  with  us,  be  made 
partakers  of  his  trueth,  and  serve  him  in  righteous- 
nesse,  but  notwithstanding  in  such  sort,  that  wee 
referre  that,  as  all  other  things,  to  bee  done  according 
to  his  divine  will  and  pleasure,  and  as  by  his  wisedome 
he  had  ordeined  to  be  best. 

Yet  because  the  effect  fell  out  so  suddenly  and 
shortly  after  according  to  their  desires,  they  thought 
neverthelesse  it  came  to  passe  by  our  meanes,  &  that 
we  in  using  such  speeches  unto  them,  did  but 
dissemble  the  matter,  and  therefore  came  unto  us  to 
give  us  thankes  in  their  maner,  that  although  we 
satisfied  them  not  in  promise,  yet  in  deedes  and  eifect 
we  had  fulfilled  their  desires. 

This  marveilous  accident  in  all  the  Countrey  wrought 
so  strange  opinions  of  us,  that  some  people  could  not 
tell  whether  to  thinke  us  gods  or  men,  and  the  rather 
because  that  all  the  space  of  their  sicknes,  there  was  no 
man  of  ours  knowen  to  die,  or  that  was  specially  sicke  : 
they  noted  also  that  we  had  no  women  amongst  us, 
neither  that   we  did  care  for  any  of  theirs. 

Some    therefore   were    of  opinion    that    we    were    not 
borne  of  women,  and  therefore  not  mortal,  but  that  we  [III.  279.] 
were  men  of  an  old  generation  many  yeeres  past,  then 
risen  againe  to  immortalitie. 

Some  would  likewise  seeme  to  prophecie  that  there 
were  more  of  our  generation  yet  to  come  to  kill  theirs 

381 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

and  take  their  places,  as  some  thought  the  purpose  was, 
by  that  which  was  already  done.  Those  that  were 
immediatly  to  come  after  us  they  imagined  to  be  in  the 
aire,  yet  invisible  and  without  bodies,  and  that  they  by 
our  intreatie  and  for  the  love  of  us,  did  make  the  people 
to  die  in  that  sort  as  they  did,  by  shooting  invisible 
bullets  into   them. 

To  confirme  this  opinion,  their  Phisitions  (to  excuse 
their  ignorance  in  curing  the  disease)  would  not  be 
ashamed  to  say,  but  earnestly  make  the  simple  people 
beleeve,  that  the  strings  of  blood  that  they  sucked  out 
of  the  sicke  bodies,  were  the  strings  wherewithall  the 
invisible  bullets  were  tied  and  cast.  Some  also  thought 
that  wee  shot  them  our  selves  out  of  our  pieces,  from 
the  place  where  wee  dwelt,  and  killed  the  people  in 
any  Towne  that  had  offended  us,  as  wee  listed,  howe 
farre  distant  from  us  soever  it  were.  And  other  some 
said,  that  it  was  the  speciall  worke  of  God  for  our 
sakes,  as  we  our  selves  have  cause  in  some  sort  to 
thinke  no  lesse,  whatsoever  some  doe,  or  may  imagine 
to  the  contrary,  specially  some  Astrologers,  knowing  of 
the  Eclipse  of  the  Sunne  which  we  saw  the  same  yeere 
before  in  our  voyage  thitherward,  which  unto  them 
appeared  very  terrible.  And  also  of  a  Comet  which 
began  to  appeare  but  a  fewe  dayes  before  the  beginning 
of  the  saide  sicknesse.  But  to  exclude  them  from 
being  the  speciall  causes  of  so  speciall  an  accident, 
there  are  further  reasons  then  I  thinke  fit  at  this 
present  to  be  alleadged.  These  their  opinions  I  have 
set  downe  the  more  at  large,  that  it  may  appeare  unto 
you  that  there  is  good  hope  they  may  be  brought 
through  discreete  dealing  and  government  to  the  im- 
bracing  of  the  trueth,  and  consequently  to  honour, 
obey,  feare  and  love  us. 

And  although  some  of  our  company  towards  the  end 
of  the  yeere,  shewed  themselves  too  fierce  in  slaying 
some  of  the  people  in  some  Townes,  upon  causes  that 
on    our    part    might    easily    ynough    have    bene    borne 

382 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

withall  :  yet  notwithstanding,  because  it  was  on  their 
part  justly  deserved,  the  alteration  of  their  opinions 
generally  and  for  the  most  part  concerning  us  is  the 
lesse  to  be  doubted.  And  whatsoever  els  they  may  be, 
by  carefulnesse  of  our  selves  neede  nothing  at  all  to 
be  feared. 

The   conclusion. 

Ow  I  have  (as  I  hope)  made  relation  not  of  so 
few  and  small  things,  but  that  the  Countrey  (of 
men  that  are  indifferent  and  well  disposed)  may 


bee  sufficiently  liked  :  If  there  were  no  more  knowen 
then  I  have  mentioned,  which  doubtlesse  and  in  great 
reason  is  nothing  to  that  which  remaineth  to  be  dis- 
covered, neither  the  soyle,  nor  commodities.  As  we 
have  reason  so  to  gather  by  the  difference  we  found 
in  our  travailes,  for  although  al  which  I  have  before 
spoken  of,  have  bene  discovered  and  experimented  not 
farre  from  the  Sea  coast,  where  was  our  abode  and 
most  of  our  travailing  :  yet  sometimes  as  we  made  our 
journeys  further  into  the  maine  and  Countrey ;  we 
found  the  soile  to  be  fatter,  the  trees  greater  and  to 
grow  thinner,  the  ground  more  firme  and  deeper 
mould,  more  and  larger  champions,  finer  grasse,  and  as 
good  as  ever  we  saw  any  in  England  ;  in  some  places 
rockie  and  farre  more  high  and  hilly  ground,  more  plentie 
of  their  fruites,  more  abundance  of  beastes,  the  more 
inhabited  with  people,  and  of  greater  poUicie  and  larger 
dominions,  with  greater  townes  and  houses. 

Why  may  wee  not  then  looke  for  in  good  hope  from 
the  inner  parts  of  more  and  greater  plentie,  as  well  of 
other  things,  as  of  those  which  wee  have  already  dis- 
covered ?  Unto  the  Spaniards  happened  the  like  in 
discovering  the  maine  of  the  West  Indies.  The  maine 
also  of  this  Countrey  of  Virginia,  extending  some 
wayes  so  many  hundreds  of  leagues,  as  otherwise  then 
by  the  relation  of  the  inhabitants  wee  have  most  cer- 
taine  knowledge  of,  where  yet  no  Christian  prince  hath 

383 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1586. 

any  possession  or  dealing,  cannot  but  yeelde  many 
kinds  of  excellent  commodities,  which  we  in  our  dis- 
covery have  not  yet  seene. 

What  hope  there  is  els  to  bee  gathered  of  the 
nature  of  the  Climate,  being  answerable  to  the  Hand 
of  Japan,  the  land  of  China,  Persia,  Jury,  the  Hands 
of  Cyprus  and  Candy,  the  South  parts  of  Greece,  Italy 
and  Spaine,  and  of  many  other  notable  and  famous 
Countreys,  because  I  meane  not  to  be  tedious,  I  leave 
to  your  owne  consideration. 

Whereby  also  the  excellent  temperature  of  the  aire 
there  at  all  seasons,  much  warmer  then  in  England, 
and  never  so  vehemently  hot,  as  sometimes  is  under 
and  betweene  the  Tropikes,  or  neere  them,  cannot  be 
knowen  unto  you  without  further  relation. 

For  the  holsomnesse  thereof  I  neede  to  say  but  thus 
[III.  280.]  much  :  that  for  all  the  want  of  provision,  as  first  of 
English  victuall,  excepting  for  twentie  dayes,  we  lived 
onely  by  drinking  water,  and  by  the  victuall  of  the 
Countrey,  of  which  some  sorts  were  very  strange 
unto  us,  and  might  have  bene  thought  to  have 
altered  our  temperatures  in  such  sort,  as  to  have 
brought  us  into  some  grievous  and  dangerous 
This  want  Is  diseases  :  Secondly  the  want  of  English  meanes, 
hereafter  to  ^^j.  ^^  taking  of  beastes,  fish  and  foule,  which 
^  -^W  ^  •  1^^  ^i^g  helpe  onely  of  the  inhabitants  and  their  meanes 
could  not  bee  so  suddenly  and  easily  provided  for  us, 
nor  in  so  great  number  and  quantities,  nor  of  that 
choise  as  otherwise  might  have  bene  to  our  better 
satisfaction  and  contentment.  Some  want  also  we  had 
of  clothes.  Furthermore  in  al  our  travailes,  which  were 
most  specially  and  often  in  the  time  of  Winter,  our 
lodging  was  in  the  open  aire  upon  the  ground.  And 
yet  I  say  for  all  this,  there  were  but  foure  of  our 
whole  company  (being  one  hundreth  and  eight)  that 
died  all  the  yeere,  and  that  but  at  the  latter  ende 
thereof,  and  upon  none  of  the  aforesaide  causes.  For 
all    foure,     especially    three,     were    feeble,    weake,    and 

384 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

sickly  persons  before  ever  they  came  thither,  and  those 
that  knew  them,  much  marveled  that  they  lived  so 
long  being  in   that  case,  or   had  adventured  to  travaile. 

Seeing  therefore  the  aire  there  is  so  temperate  and 
holsome,  the  soyle  so  fertile,  and  yeelding  such 
commodities,  as  I  have  before  mentioned,  the  voyage 
also  thither  to  and  fro  being  sufficiently  experimented 
to  be  perfourmed  twise  a  yeere  with  ease,  and  at  any 
season  thereof:  And  the  dealing  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh 
so  liberall  in  large  giving  and  granting  lande  there,  as 
is  already  knowen,  with  many  helpes  and  furtherances 
else  :  (The  least  that  he  hath  granted  hath  bene  five 
hundreth  acres  to  a  man  onely  for  the  adventure  of 
his  person)  I  hope  there  remaines  no  cause  whereby 
the  action  should  be  misliked. 

If  that  those  which  shall  thither  travaile  to  inhabite 
and  plant  bee  but  reasonably  provided  for  the  first 
yeere,  as  those  are  which  were  transported  the  last,  and 
being  there,  doe  use  but  that  diligence  and  care,  that  is 
requisit,  and  as  they  may  with  ease  :  There  is  no 
doubt,  but  for  the  time  following,  they  may  have 
victuals  that  are  excellent  good  and  plentie  ynough, 
some  more  English  sorts  of  cattel  also  hereafter,  as 
some  have  bene  before,  and  are  there  yet  remayning, 
may,  and  shall  be  (God  willing)  thither  transported. 
So  likewise,  our  kinde  of  fruites,  rootes,  and  hearbes, 
may  be  there  planted  and  sowed,  as  some  have  bene 
already,  and  prove  well :  And  in  short  time  also  they 
may  raise  so  much  of  those  sorts  of  commodities  which 
I  have  spoken  of,  as  shall  both  enrich  themselves,  as 
also  others  that  shall  deale  with  them. 

And  this  is  all  the  fruit  of  our  labours,  that  I  have 
thought  necessary  to  advertise  you  of  at  this  present  : 
What  else  concerneth  the  nature  and  maners  of  the 
inhabitants  of  Virginia,  the  number  with  the  particulari- 
ties of  the  voyages  thither  made,  and  of  the  actions  of 
such  as  have  bene  by  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  therein,  and 
there  imployed,  many  worthy  to  be  remembred,  as  of 
vni  385  2B 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

the  first  discoverers  of  the  Countrey,  of  our  Generall 
for  the  time  Sir  Richard  Grinvil,  and  after  his  depar- 
ture of  our  Governour  there  Master  Ralph  Lane,  with 
divers  other  directed  and  imployed  under  their  govern- 
ment :  Of  the  Captaines  and  Masters  of  the  voyages 
made  since  for  transportation,  of  the  Governour  and 
assistants  of  those  already  transported,  as  of  many 
persons,  accidents,  and  things  els,  I  have  ready  in  a 
discourse  by  it  selfe  in  maner  of  a  Chronicle,  according 
to  the  course  of  times  :  which  when  time  shall  be 
thought  convenient,  shall  be  also  published. 

Thus  referring  my  relation  to  your  favourable  con- 
structions, expecting  good  successe  of  the  action,  from 
him  which  is  to  be  acknowledged  the  authour  and 
governour,  not  onely  of  this,  but  of  all  things  els,  I 
take  my  leave  of  you,  this  moneth   of  February  1587. 

The  fourth  voyage  made  to  Virginia  with  three 
ships,  in  the  yere  1587.  Wherein  was 
transported  the  second  Colonie. 

N  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1587.  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  intending  to  persevere  in  the  planting 
of  his   Countrey  of  Virginia,    prepared    a    newe 


Colonie  of  one  hundred  and  fiftie  men  to  be  sent 
thither,  under  the  charge  of  John  White,  whom  hee 
appointed  Governour,  and  also  appointed  unto  him 
twelve  Assistants,  unto  whom  hee  gave  a  Charter,  and 
incorporated  them  by  the  name  of  Governour  and 
Assistants  of  the  Citie  of  Ralegh  in  Virginia. 

April. 

OUr  Fleete  being  in  number  three  saile,  viz.  the 
Admirall  a  shippe  of  one  hundred  and  twentie 
Tunnes,  a  Flie-boate,  and  a  Pinnesse,  departed  the  sixe 
and  twentieth  of  April  from  Portesmouth,  and  the  same 
day  came  to  an  ancker  at  the  Cowes  in  the  Isle  of 
Wight,  where  wee  stayed  eight  dayes. 

386 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1587. 

May.  [III.  281.] 

THe  fift  of  May,  at  nine  of  the  clocke  at  night  we 
came  to  Plimmouth,  where  we  remained  the  space 
of  two  dayes. 

The  8  we  weyed  anker  at  Plimmouth,  and  departed 
thence  for  Virginia. 

The  16  Simon  Ferdinando,  Master  of  our  Admiral, 
lewdly  forsooke  our  Fly-boate,  leaving  her  distressed  in 
the  Bay  of  Portugal. 

June. 

THe  1 9  we  fell  with  "  Dominica,  and  the  same  even-  "  One  of  the 
ing  we  sayled  betweene  it,  and  Guadalupe :  the  2 1   j-'^J!  "-^/^^ 
the  Fly-boat  also  fell  with  Dominica.  bltedwith 

The  22  we  came  to  an  anker  at  an  Island  called  Santa  Savages. 
Cruz,  where  all   the  planters  were  set  on  land,  staying 
there    till   the   25   of  the   same   moneth.      At    our    first  Clnumspec- 
landing  on  this  Island,  some  of  our  women,  and  men,  by  ^^°^  ^°  ^^  ^^^'^ 
eating  a  small  fruit   like  greene  Apples,  were  fearefuUy  ^l/Je^^^^ 
troubled  with  a  sudden  burning  in  their  mouthes,  and 
swelling   of  their  tongues  so  bigge,  that  some  of  them 
could  not  speake.     Also  a  child  by  sucking  one  of  those 
womens  breasts,   had  at  that  instant   his   mouth   set   on 
such    a   burning,    that    it    was    strange   to   see   how    the 
infant  was  tormented  for  the  time :  but  after  24  houres, 
it  ware  away  of  it  selfe. 

Also  the  first  night  of  our  being  on  this  Island,  we 
tooke  five  great  Torteses,  some  of  them  of  such  bignes, 
that  sixteene  of  our  strongest  men  were  tired  with  cary- 
ing  of  one  of  them  but  from  the  sea  side  to  our  cabbins. 
In  this  Island  we  found  no  watring  place,  but  a  standing 
ponde,  the  water  whereof  was  so  evill,  that  many  of  our 
company  fell  sicke  with  drinking  thereof:  and  as  many 
as  did  but  wash  their  faces  with  that  water,  in  the  morn- 
ing before  the  Sunne  had  drawen  away  the  corruption, 
their  faces  did  so  burne  and  swell,  that  their  eyes  were 
shut  up,  and  could  not  see  in  five  or  sixe  dayes,  or 
longer. 

387 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

The  second  day  of  our  abode  there,  we  sent  forth 
some  of  our  men  to  search  the  Island  for  fresh  water, 
three  one  way,  and  two  another  way.  The  Governour 
also,  with  sixe  others,  went  up  to  the  top  of  an  high  hill, 
to  viewe  the  Island,  but  could  perceive  no  signe  of  any 
men,  or  beastes,  nor  any  goodnes,  but  Parots,  and  trees 
of  Guiacum.  Returning  backe  to  our  cabbins  another 
way,  he  found  in  the  discent  of  a  hill,  certaine  potsheards 
of  savage  making,  made  of  the  earth  of  that  Island : 
whereupon  it  was  judged,  that  this  Island  was  inhabited 
with  Savages,  though  Fernando  had  told  us  for  certaine 
the  contrary.  The  same  day  at  night,  the  rest  of  our 
company  very  late  returned  to  the  Governour.  The  one 
company  affirmed,  that  they  had  scene  in  a  valley  eleven 
Savages,  and  divers  houses  halfe  a  mile  distant  from  the 
steepe,  or  toppe  of  the  hill  where  they  stayed.  The 
other  company  had  found  running  out  of  a  high  rocke  a 
very  fayre  spring  of  water,  whereof  they  brought  three 
bottels  to  the  company :  for  before  that  time,  wee  drank 
the  stinking  water  of  the  pond. 

The  same  second  day  at  night  Captaine  Stafford,  with 
the  Pinnesse,  departed  from  our  fleete,  riding  at  Santa 
•  Cruz,  to  an  Island,  called  Beake,  lying  neere  S.  John, 
being  so  directed  by  Ferdinando,  who  assured  him  he 
should  there  find  great  plenty  of  sheepe.  The  next  day 
at  night,  our  planters  left  Santa  Cruz,  and  came  all 
aboord,  and  the  next  morning  after,  being  the  25  of  June 
we  weyed  anker,  and  departed  from  Santa  Cruz. 

The  seven  and  twentieth  we  came  to  anker  at  Cottea, 
where  we  found  the  Pinnesse  riding  at  our  comming. 

The  28  we  weyed  anker  at  Cottea,  and  presently  came 
to  anker  at  S.  Johns  in  Musketos  Bay,  where  we  spent 
three  dayes  unprofitable  in  taking  in  fresh  water,  spending 
in  the  meane  time  more  beere  then  the  quantitie  of  the 
water  came  unto. 


388 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 

Julie. 

THe  first  day  we  weyed  anker  at  "  Musketoes  Bay,  ''^^^ketos 
where  were  left  behind  two  Irish  men  of  our  com-  ^^^iJ^J^"!  ^.^^ 
pany,  Darbie  Glaven,  and  Denice  Carrell,  bearing  along  the  south  side 
the  coast  of  S.  Johns  till  evening,  at  which  time  wee  fell  of  S.  Johns 
with  Rosse  Bay.     At  this  place  Ferdinando  had  promised  lsland,where 
wee  should  take  in  sake,  and  had  caused  us  before,  to  ^.^^/J^J^. 
make  and  provide  as  many  sackes  for  that  purpose,  as 
we  could.     The  Governour  also,  for  that  hee  understood 
there  was  a  Towne  in  the  bottome  of  the  Bay,  not  farre 
from  the  salt  hils,  appointed  thirty  shot,  tenne  pikes,  and 
ten  targets,  to  man  the  Pinnesse,  and  to  goe  aland  for 
salt.     Ferdinando  perceiving  them  in  a  readines,  sent  to 
the  Governour,  using  great  perswasions  with  him,  not  to 
take  in  salt  there,  saying  that  hee  knew  not  well  whether 
the  same  were  the  place  or  not :  also,  that  if  the  Pinnesse  [III.  282.] 
went  into  the  Bay,  she  could  not  without  great  danger 
come  backe,  till  the  next  day  at  night,  and  that  if  in  the 
meane  time  any  storme  should  rise,  the  Admirall  were  in 
danger  to  bee  cast  away.     Whilest  he  was  thus  perswad- 
ing,  he  caused    the   lead  to  be  cast,  and  having  craftily 
brought  the  shippe  in  three  fadome  and  a  halfe  water,  he 
suddenly   began   to    sweare,    and    teare    God    in    pieces, 
dissembling  great  danger,  crying  to   him  at   the  helme, 
beare  up  hard,  beare  up  hard :  so  we  went  off,  and  were 
disappointed  of  our  salt,  by  his  meanes. 

The  next  day  sayling  along  the  West  end  of  S.  John, 
the   Governour  determined   to   go   aland  in  S.  Germans 
"Bay,  to  gather  yong  plants  of  Orenges,  Pines,  Mameas,  "■  A  pleasant 
and  Plantanos,  to  set  at  Virginia,  which  we  knew  might  ^^dfrmtfull 
easily  be  had,  for  that  they  grow  neere  the  shore,  and  the  onthewestend 
places  where  they  grew,  well  knowen  to  the  Governour,  ofS.  Johns 
and   some   of  the  planters :    but   our   Simon    denied    it.  Island,  where 
saying:  he  would  come   to  an   anker  at   Hispaniola,  &  g>'0'^eth plenty 
there  land  the  Governour,  and  some  other  of  the  Assis-  iifjjg^"^p/a„. 
tants,  with  the  pinnesse,  to  see  if  he  could  speake  with  his  tans,  i^  Pines. 
friend  Alanson,  of  whom  he  hoped  to  be  furnished  both 

389 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

of  cattel,  and  all  such  things  as  we  would  have  taken  in 
at  S.  John  :  but  he  meant  nothing  lesse,  as  it  plainely  did 
appeare  to  us  afterwards. 

The  next  day  after,  being  the  third  of  July,  we  saw 
Hispaniola,  and  bare  with  the  coast  all  that  day,  looking 
still  when  the  pinnesse  should  be  prepared  to  goe  for  the 
place  where  Ferdinando  his  friend  Alanson  was :  but  that 
day  passed,  and  we  saw  no  preparation  for  landing  in 
Hispaniola. 

The  4  of  July,  sayling  along  the  coast  of  Hispaniola, 
untill  the  next  day  at  noone,  and  no  preparation  yet  seene 
for  the  staying  there,  we  having  knowledge  that  we  were 
past  the  place  where  Alanson  dwelt,  and  were  come  with 
Isabella :  hereupon  Ferdinando  was  asked  by  the  Gover- 
nor, whether  he  meant  to  speake  with  Alanson,  for  the 
taking  in  of  cattell,  and  other  things,  according  to  his 
promise,  or  not :  but  he  answered  that  he  was  now  past 
the  place,  and  that  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  told  him,  the 
French  Ambassador  certified  him,  that  the  king  of  Spaine 
had  sent  for  Alanson  into  Spaine :  wherefore  he  thought 
him  dead,  and  that  it  was  to  no  purpose  to  touch  there 
in  any  place,  at  this  voyage. 

The  next  day  we  left  sight  of  Hispaniola,  and  haled  off 
for  Virginia,  about  foure  of  the  clocke  in  the  afternoone. 

The  sixt  of  July  we  came  to  the  Island  Caycos,  wherein 
Ferdinando  sayd  were  two  salt  pondes,  assuring  us  if 
they  were  drie,  we  might  find  salt  to  shift  with,  untill  the 
next  supply :  but  it  prooved  as  true  as  finding  of  sheepe 
at  Baque.  In  this  Island,  whilest  Ferdinando  solaced 
himselfe  ashore,  with  one  of  the  company,  in  part  of  the 
Island,  others  spent  the  latter  part  of  that  day  in  other 
parts  of  the  Island,  some  to  seeke  the  salt  ponds,  some 
fowling,  some  hunting  Swans,  whereof  we  caught  many. 
The  next  day  early  in  the  morning  we  weyed  anker, 
leaving  Caycos,  with  good  hope,  that  the  first  land  that 
we  saw  next  should  be  Virginia. 

About  the  1 6  of  July  we  fel  with  the  maine  of  Virginia, 
which    Simon    Ferdinando    tooke   to    be   the    Island    of 

390 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1587 

Croatoan,  where  we  came  to  anker,  and  rode  there  two 

or  three  dayes :  but  finding  himselfe  deceived,  he  weyed, 

and  bare  along   the  coast,  where  in  the  night,  had  not 

Captaine  Stafford  bene  more  careful!  in  looking  out,  then 

our  Simon  Ferdinando,  we  had  bene  all  cast  away  upon 

the  breach,  called  the  Cape  of  Feare,  for  we  were  come 

within  two  cables  length  upon  it :  such  was  the  carelesnes, 

and  ignorance  of  our  Master. 

The  two  and  twentieth  of  July  wee  arrived  safe  at 
Hatorask,  where  our  ship  and  pinnesse  ankered :  the 
Governour  went  aboord  the  pinnesse,  accompanied  with 
fortie  of  his  best  men,  intending  to  passe  up  to  Roanoak 
foorthwith,  hoping  there  to  finde  those  fifteene  English- 
men, which  Sir  Richard  Grinvile  had  left  there  the  yeere 
before,  with  whom  hee  meant  to  have  conference,  con- 
cerning the  state  of  the  Countrey,  and  Savages,  meaning 
after  he  had  so  done,  to  returne  againe  to  the  fleete,  and 
passe  along  the  coast,  to  the  Bay  of  Chesepiok,  where  we  ^^  ^'«f^«^  ^^ 
intended  to  make  our  seate  and  forte,  according  to  the  ^J''^^  ^^^/ 
charge  given  us  among  other  directions  in  writing,  under  ^.^^^-^^^ 
the  hande  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  :  but  assoone  as  we  were 
put  with  our  pinnesse  from  the  ship,  a  Gentleman  by 
the  meanes  of  Ferdinando,  who  was  appointed  to  returne 
for  England,  called  to  the  sailers  in  the  pinnesse,  charging 
them  not  to  bring  any  of  the  planters  backe  againe,  but 
to  leave  them  in  the  Island,  except  the  Governour,  & 
two  or  three  such  as  he  approved,  saying  that  the  Summer 
was  farre  spent,  wherefore  hee  would  land  all  the  planters 
in  no  other  place.  Unto  this  were  all  the  saylers,  both 
in  the  pinnesse,  and  shippe,  perswaded  by  the  Master, 
wherefore  it  booted  not  the  Governour  to  contend  with 
them,  but  passed  to  Roanoak,  and  the  same  night  at 
sunne-set  went  aland  on  the  Island,  in  the  place  where 
our  fifteene  men  were  left,  but  we  found  none  of  them, 
nor  any  signe  that  they  had  bene  there,  saving  onely  wee 
found  the  bones  of  one  of  those  fifteene,  which  the 
Savages  had  slaine  long  before. 

The  three  and  twentieth  of  July  the  Governour  with 

391 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

[III.  283.]  divers  of  his  company,  walked  to  the  North  ende  of  the 
Island,  where  Master  Ralfe  Lane  had  his  forte,  with 
sundry  necessary  and  decent  dwelling  houses,  made  by 
his  men  about  it  the  yeere  before,  where  wee  hoped  to 
find  some  signes,  or  certaine  knowledge  of  our  fifteene 
men.  When  we  came  thither,  we  found  the  fort  rased 
downe,  but  all  the  houses  standing  unhurt,  saving  that 
the  neather  roomes  of  them,  and  also  of  the  forte,  were 
overgrowen  with  Melons  of  divers  sortes,  and  Deere 
within  them,  feeding  on  those  Melons :  so  wee  returned 
to  our  company,  without  hope  of  ever  seeing  any  of  the 
fifteene  men  living. 

The  same  day  order  was  given,  that  every  man  should 
be  employed  for  the  repayring  of  those  houses,  which 
wee  found  standing,  and  also  to  make  other  newe 
Cottages,  for  such  as  should  neede. 

The  25  our  Flyboate  and  the  rest  of  our  planters 
arrived  all  safe  at  Hatoraske,  to  the  great  joy  and  com- 
fort of  the  whole  company :  but  the  Master  of  our 
Admirall  Ferdinando  grieved  greatly  at  their  safe  com- 
ming :  for  hee  purposely  left  them  in  the  Bay  of  Portugal, 
and  stole  away  from  them  in  the  night,  hoping  that  the 
Edward  Master  thereof,  whose  name  was  Edward  Spicer,  for  that 
Bpicer.  i^g  never  had  bene  in  Virginia,  would  hardly  finde  the 
place,  or  els  being  left  in  so  dangerous  a  place  as  that  was, 
by  meanes  of  so  many  men  of  warre,  as  at  that  time  were 
abroad,  they  should  surely  be  taken,  or  slaine :  but  God 
disappointed  his  wicked  pretenses. 

The  eight  and  twentieth,  George  Howe,  one  of  our 
twelve  Assistants  was  slaine  by  divers  Savages,  which 
were  come  over  to  Roanoak,  either  of  purpose  to  espie 
our  company,  and  what  number  we  were,  or  else  to  hunt 
Deere,  whereof  were  many  in  the  Island.  These  Savages 
being  secretly  hidden  among  high  reedes,  where  often- 
times they  find  the  Deere  asleep,  and  so  kill  them,  espied 
our  man  wading  in  the  water  alone,  almost  naked,  with- 
out any  weapon,  save  only  a  smal  forked  sticke,  catching 
Crabs  therewithall,  and  also  being  strayed  two  miles  from 

392 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 
his  company,  and  shot  at  him  in  the  water,  where  they 
gave  him  sixteen  wounds  with  their  arrowes :  and  after 
they  had  slaine  him  with  their  woodden  swords,  they  beat 
his  head  in  pieces,  and  fled  over  the  water  to  the  maine. 
On  the  thirtieth  of  July  Master  Stafford  and  twenty 
of  our  men  passed  by  water  to  the  Island  of  Croatoan, 
with  Manteo,  who  had  his  mother,  and  many  of  his 
kinred  dwelling  in  that  Island,  of  whom  wee  hoped  to 
understand  some  newes  of  our  fifteene  men,  but  especially 
to  learne  the  disposition  of  the  people  of  the  countrey 
towards  us,  and  to  renew  our  old  friendship  with  them. 
At  our  first  landing  they  seemed  as  though  they  would 
fight  with  us :  but  perceiving  us  begin  to  march  with 
our  shot  towardes  them,  they  turned  their  backes,  and 
fled.  Then  Manteo  their  countrey  man  called  to  them 
in  their  owne  language,  whom,  assoone  as  they  heard, 
they  returned,  and  threwe  away  their  bowes  and  arrowes, 
and  some  of  them  came  unto  us,  embracing  and  enter- 
taining us  friendly,  desiring  us  not  to  gather  or  spill 
any  of  their  corne,  for  that  they  had  but  little.  We 
answered  them,  that  neither  their  corne,  nor  any  other 
thing  of  theirs,  should  be  diminished  by  any  of  us,  and 
that  our  comming  was  onely  to  renew  the  old  love,  that 
was  betweene  us  and  them  at  the  first,  and  to  live  with 
them  as  brethren  and  friends :  which  answere  seemed  to 
please  them  well,  wherefore  they  requested  us  to  walke 
up  to  their  Towne,  who  there  feasted  us  after  their 
maner,  and  desired  us  earnestly,  that  there  might  bee 
some  token  or  badge  given  them  of  us,  whereby  we 
might  know  them  to  be  our  friends,  when  we  met  them 
any  where  out  of  the  Towne  or  Island.  They  told  us 
further,  that  for  want  of  some  such  badge,  divers  of  them 
were  hurt  the  yeere  before,  being  found  out  of  the  Island 
by  Master  Lane  his  company,  whereof  they  shewed  us 
one,  which  at  that  very  instant  lay  lame,  and  had  lien 
of  that  hurt  ever  since :  but  they  sayd,  they  knew  our 
men  mistooke  them,  and  hurt  them  in  stead  of  Winginos 
men,  wherefore  they  held  us  excused. 

393 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 


T 


August. 

^He  next  day  we  had  conference  further  with  them, 
concerning  the  people  of  Secotan,  Aquascogoc,  & 
Pomeiok,  willing  them  of  Croatoan  to  certifie  the  people 
of  those  townes,  that  if  they  would  accept  our  friendship, 
we  would  willingly  receive  them  againe,  and  that  all 
unfriendly  dealings  past  on  both  parts,  should  be  utterly 
forgiven  and  forgotten.  To  this  the  chiefe  men  of 
Croatoan  answered,  that  they  would  gladly  doe  the  best 
they  could,  and  within  seven  dayes,  bring  the  Wiroances 
and  chiefe  Governours  of  those  townes  with  them,  to 
our  Governour  at  Roanoak,  or  their  answere.  We  also 
understood  of  the  men  of  Croatoan,  that  our  man  Master 
Howe  was  slaine  by  the  remnant  of  Winginos  men  dwel- 
ling then  at  Dasamonguepeuk,  with  whom  Wanchese 
kept  companie :  and  also  we  understood  by  them  of 
Croatoan,  how  that  the  15  Englishmen  left  at  Roanoak 
the  yeere  before,  by  Sir  Richard  Grinvile,  were  suddenly 
[III.  284.]  set  upon,  by  30  of  the  men  of  Secota,  Aquascogoc,  and 
Dasamonguepeuk,  in  manner  following.  They  conveyed 
themselves  secretly  behind  the  trees,  neere  the  houses 
where  our  men  carelesly  lived :  and  having  perceived  that 
of  those  fifteene  they  could  see  but  eleven  only,  two  of 
those  Savages  appeared  to  the  1 1  Englishmen,  calling  to 
them  by  friendly  signes,  that  but  two  of  their  chiefest  men 
should  come  unarmed  to  speake  with  those  two  Savages, 
who  seemed  also  to  bee  unarmed.  Wherefore  two  of 
the  chiefest  of  our  Englishmen  went  gladly  to  them : 
but  whilest  one  of  those  Savages  traiterously  imbraced 
one  of  our  men,  the  other  with  his  sworde  of  wood, 
which  he  had  secretly  hidden  under  his  mantell,  strooke 
him  on  the  head  and  slew  him,  and  presently  the  other 
eight  and  twenty  Savages  shewed  them  selves :  the  other 
Englishman  perceiving  this,  fled  to  his  company,  whom 
the  Savages  pursued  with  their  bowes,  and  arrowes,  so 
fast,  that  the  Englishmen  were  forced  to  take  the  house, 
wherein   all   their  victuall,   and   weapons   were :    but   the 

394 


THE   FOURTH    VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ajq. 

1587. 

Savages  foorthwith  set  the  same  on  fire:  by  meanes 
wherof  our  men  were  forced  to  take  up  such  weapons 
as  came  first  to  hand,  and  without  order  to  runne  foorth 
among  the  Savages,  with  whom  they  skirmished  above  an 
howre.  In  this  skirmish  another  of  our  men  was  shotte 
into  the  mouth  with  an  arrow,  where  hee  died :  and  also 
one  of  the  Savages  was  shot  into  the  side  by  one  of  our 
men,  with  a  wild  fire  arrow,  whereof  he  died  presently. 
The  place  where  they  fought  was  of  great  advantage  to 
the  Savages,  by  meanes  of  the  thicke  trees,  behinde  which 
the  Savages  through  their  nimblenes,  defended  them- 
selves, and  so  offended  our  men  with  their  arrowes,  that 
our  men  being  some  of  them  hurt,  retyred  fighting  to 
the  water  side,  where  their  boat  lay,  with  which  they 
fled  towards  Hatorask.  By  that  time  they  had  rowed 
but  a  quarter  of  a  mile,  they  espied  their  foure  fellowes 
comming  from  a  creeke  thereby,  where  they  had  bene 
to  fetch  Oysters  :  these  foure  they  received  into  their 
boate,  leaving  Roanoak,  and  landed  on  a  little  Island  on 
the  right  hand  of  our  entrance  into  the  harbour  of 
Hatorask,  where  they  remayned  a  while,  but  afterward 
departed,  whither  as  yet  we  know  not. 

Having  nowe  sufficiently  dispatched  our  businesse  at 
Croatoan,  the  same  day  we  departed  friendly,  taking 
our  leave,  and  came  aboord  the  fleete  at  Hatorask. 

The  eight  of  August,  the  Governour  having  long 
expected  the  comming  of  the  Wiroanses  of  Pomeiok, 
Aquascogoc,  Secota,  and  Dasamonguepeuk,  seeing  that 
the  seven  dayes  were  past,  within  which  they  promised 
to  come  in,  or  to  send  their  answeres  by  the  men  of 
Croatoan,  and  no  tidings  of  them  heard,  being  certainly 
also  informed  by  those  men  of  Croatoan,  that  the 
remnant  of  Wingina  his  men,  which  were  left  alive, 
who  dwelt  at  Dasamonquepeuk,  were  they  which  had 
slaine  George  Howe,  and  were  also  at  the  driving  of 
our  eleven  Englishmen  from  Roanoak,  hee  thought  to 
deferre  the  revenge  thereof  no  longer.  Wherefore  the 
same  night  about  midnight,  he  passed  over  the  water, 

395 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1587. 

accompanied  with  Captaine  Stafford,  and  24  men, 
wherof  Manteo  was  one,  whom  we  tooke  with  us  to  be 
our  guide  to  the  place  where  those  Savages  dwelt, 
where  he  behaved  himselfe  toward  us  as  a  most  faith- 
full  Englishman, 

The  next  day,  being  the  9  of  August,  in  the 
morning  so  early  that  it  was  yet  darke,  we  landed 
neere  the  dwelling  place  of  our  enemies,  &  very 
secretly  conveyed  our  selves  through  the  woods,  to 
that  side,  where  we  had  their  houses  betweene  us  and 
the  water :  and  having  espied  their  fire,  and  some 
sitting  about  it,  we  presently  set  on  them  :  the 
miserable  soules  herewith  amazed,  fled  into  a  place  of 
thicke  reedes,  growing  fast  by,  where  our  men  per- 
ceiving them,  shot  one  of  them  through  the  bodie  with 
a  bullet,  and  therewith  we  entred  the  reedes,  among 
which  we  hoped  to  acquite  their  evill  doing  towards  us, 
but  we  were  deceived,  for  those  Savages  were  our 
friends,  and  were  come  from  Croatoan  to  gather  the 
corne  &  fruit  of  that  place,  because  they  understood 
our  enemies  were  fled  immediatly  after  they  had  slaine 
George  Howe,  and  for  haste  had  left  all  their  corne. 
Tobacco,  and  Pompions  standing  in  such  sort,  that  al 
had  bene  devoured  of  the  birds,  and  Deere,  if  it  had 
not  bene  gathered  in  time  :  but  they  had  like  to  have 
payd  deerely  for  it  :  for  it  was  so  darke,  that  they 
being  naked,  and  their  men  and  women  apparelled  all 
so  like  others,  wee  knew  not  but  that  they  were  al 
men  :  and  if  that  one  of  them  which  was  a  Wiroances 
wife  had  not  had  a  child  at  her  backe,  shee  had  bene 
slaine  in  stead  of  a  man,  and  as  hap  was,  another 
Savage  knew  master  Stafford,  and  ran  to  him,  calling 
him  by  his  name,  whereby  hee  was  saved.  Finding 
our  selves  thus  disappointed  of  our  purpose,  we 
gathered  al  the  corne,  Pease,  Pompions,  and  Tabacco 
that  we  found  ripe,  leaving  the  rest  unspoyled,  and 
tooke  Menatoan  his  wife,  with  the  yong  child,  and  the 
other    Savages    with    us    over    the    water    to    Roanoak. 

396 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 

Although  the  mistaking  of  these  Savages  somewhat 
grieved  Manteo,  yet  he  imputed  their  harme  to  their 
owne  folly,  saying  to  them,  that  if  their  Wiroances 
had  kept  their  promise  in  comming  to  the  Governour  at 
the  day  appointed,  they  had  not  knowen  that  mischance. 

The    13    of    August    our    Savage    Manteo,    by    the 
commandement  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh,  was  christened  in  [III.  285.] 
Roanoak,    and    called    Lord    thereof,    and    of  Dasamon- 
guepeukj  in  reward  of  his  faithfuU  service. 

The  18  Elenor,  daughter  to  the  Governour,  and  wife 
to  Ananias  Dare  one  of  the  Assistants,  was  delivered 
of  a  daughter  in  Roanoak,  and  the  same  was  christened 
there  the  Sonday  following,  and  because  this  child  was 
the  first  Christian  borne  in  Virginia,  shee  was  named 
Virginia.  By  this  time  our  ships  had  unladen  the 
goods  and  victuals  of  the  planters,  and  began  to  take 
in  wood,  and  fresh  water,  and  to  new  calke  and  trimme 
them  for  England  :  the  planters  also  prepared  their 
letters  and  tokens  to  send  backe  into  England. 

Our  two  ships,  the  Lion  and  the  Flyboat  almost 
ready  to  depart,  the  21  of  August,  there  arose  such  a 
tempest  at  Northeast,  that  our  Admirall  then  riding 
out  of  the  harbour,  was  forced  to  cut  his  cables,  and 
put  to  sea,  where  he  lay  beating  off  and  on  sixe  dayes 
before  he  could  come  to  us  againe,  so  that  we  feared 
he  had  bene  cast  away,  and  the  rather  for  that  at  the 
time  that  the  storme  tooke  them,  the  most  and  best 
of  their  sailers  were  left  aland. 

At  this  time  some  controversies  arose  betweene  the 
Governour  and  Assistants,  about  choosing  two  out  of 
the  twelve  Assistants,  which  should  goe  backe  as  factors 
for  the  company  into  England  :  for  every  one  of  them 
refused,  save  onely  one,  which  all  other  thought  not 
sufficient  :  but  at  length  by  much  perswading  of  the 
Governour,  Christopher  Cooper  only  agreed  to  goe  for 
England  :  but  the  next  day,  through  the  perswasion  of 
divers  of  his  familiar  friends,  hee  changed  his  minde, 
so  that  now  the  matter  stood  as  at  the  first. 

397 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1587. 

The  next  day,  the  22  of  August,  the  whole  company 
both  of  the  Assistants  and  planters  came  to  the 
Governour,  and  with  one  voice  requested  him  to  re- 
turne  himselfe  into  England,  for  the  better  and  sooner 
obtaining  of  supplies,  and  other  necessaries  for  them  : 
but  he  refused  it,  and  alleaged  many  sufficient  causes, 
why  he  would  not  :  the  one  was,  that  he  could  not  so 
suddenly  returne  backe  againe  without  his  great  dis- 
credite,  leaving  the  action,  and  so  many  whome  hee 
partly  had  procured  through  his  perswasions,  to  leave 
their  native  countrey,  and  undertake  that  voyage,  and 
that  some  enemies  to  him  and  the  action  at  his  returne 
into  England  would  not  spare  to  slander  falsly  both 
him  and  the  action,  by  saying,  hee  went  to  Virginia, 
but  politikely,  and  to  no  other  end  but  to  leade  so 
many  into  a  countrey,  in  which  hee  never  meant  to 
stay  himselfe,  and  there  to  leave  them  behind  him. 
The'trmeaning  Also  he  alleaged,  that  seeing  they  intended  to  remove 
to  remove  50  ^q  j^jilgs  further  up  into  the  maine  presently,  he  being 
...^/....,  then    absent,     his    stuffe    and    goods     might    be    both 

countrey.  -i     i  r     ^  ^^r        ^  •  1 

spoiled,  &  most  of  them  pilfered  away  in  the  cariage, 
so  that  at  his  returne  he  should  be  either  forced  to 
provide  himselfe  of  all  such  things  againe,  or  else 
at  his  comming  againe  to  Virginia  find  himselfe 
utterly  unfurnished,  whereof  already  he  had  found  some 
proofe,  being  but  once  from  them  but  three  dayes. 
Wherefore  he  concluded  that  he  would  not  goe  him- 
selfe. 

The  next  day,  not  onely  the  Assistants  but  divers 
others,  as  well  women  as  men,  began  to  renew  their 
requests  to  the  Governour  againe,  to  take  upon  him  to 
returne  into  England  for  the  supply,  and  dispatch  of 
all  such  things  as  there  were  to  be  done,  promising  to 
make  him  their  bond  under  all  their  handes  and 
scales  for  the  safe  preserving  of  all  his  goods  for  him 
at  his  returne  to  Virginia,  so  that  if  any  part  thereof 
were  spoyled  or  lost,  they  would  see  it  restored  to  him, 
or  his  Assignes,  whensoever  the  same  should  be  missed 

398 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1587. 
and    demanded  :    which   bond,  with   a   testimony  under 
their   hands   and   seales,  they   foorthwith   made,  and   de- 
livered into  his  hands.     The   copie   of  the   testimony   I 
thought  good  to  set  downe. 

May  it  please  you,  her  Majesties  subjects  of  England, 
we  your  friends  and  countrey-men,  the  planters  in 
Virginia,  doe  by  these  presents  let  you  and  every  of 
you  to  understand,  that  for  the  present  and  speedy 
supply  of  certaine  our  knowen  and  apparent  lackes  and 
needes,  most  requisite  and  necessary  for  the  good  and 
happy  planting  of  us,  or  any  other  in  this  land  of 
Virginia,  wee  all  of  one  minde  &  consent,  have  most 
earnestly  intreated,  and  uncessantly  requested  John 
White,  Governour  of  the  planters  in  Virginia,  to  passe 
into  England,  for  the  better  and  more  assured  help, 
and  setting  forward  of  the  foresayd  supplies  :  and 
knowing  assuredly  that  he  both  can  best,  and  wil 
labour  and  take  paines  in  that  behalfe  for  us  all,  and 
he  not  once,  but  often  refusing  it,  for  our  sakes,  and 
for  the  honour  &  maintenance  of  the  action,  hath  at 
last,  though  much  against  his  will,  through  our  impor- 
tunacie,  yeelded  to  leave  his  governement,  and  all  his 
goods  among  us,  and  himselfe  in  all  our  behalfes  to 
passe  into  England,  of  whose  knowledge  and  fidelitie 
in  handling  this  matter,  as  all  others,  we  doe  assure 
ourselves  by  these  presents,  and  will  you  to  give  all 
credite  thereunto,  the  25  of  August   1587. 

The  Governour  being  at  the  last  through  their  ex- 
treame  intreating  constrayned  to  returne  into  England, 
having  then  but  halfe  a  dayes  respite  to  prepare  him- 
selfe for  the  same,  departed  from  Roanoak  the  seven 
and  twentieth  of  August  in  the  morning,  and  the  same 
day  about  midnight,  came  aboord  the  Flieboat,  who  [III.  286.] 
already  had  weyed  anker,  and  rode  without  the  barre, 
the  Admirall  riding  by  them,  who  but  the  same  morn- 
ing was  newly  come  thither  againe.  The  same  day 
both  the  ships  weyed  anker,  and  set  saile  for  England : 
at   this  weying  their  ankers,  twelve   of  the  men  which 

399 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

were  in  the  Flyboate  were  throwen  from  the  Capstone, 
which  by  meanes  of  a  barre  and  brake,  came  so  fast 
about  upon  them,  that  the  other  two  barres  thereof 
strooke  and  hurt  most  of  them  so  sore,  that  some  of 
them  never  recovered  it :  neverthelesse  they  assayed 
presently  againe  to  wey  their  anker,  but  being  so  weak- 
ened with  the  first  fling,  they  were  not  able  to  weye  it, 
but  were  throwen  downe  and  hurt  the  second  time. 
Wherefore  having  in  all  but  fifteene  men  aboord,  and 
most  of  them  by  this  unfortunate  beginning  so  bruised, 
and  hurt,  they  were  forced  to  cut  their  Cable,  and  leese 
their  anker.  Neverthelesse,  they  kept  company  with  the 
Admirall,  untill  the  seventeenth  of  September,  at  which 
time  wee  fell  with  Corvo,  and  sawe  Flores. 

September. 

THe  eighteenth,  perceiving  of  all  our  fifteene  men  in 
the  Flyboate  there  remained  but  five,  which  by 
meanes  of  the  former  mischance,  were  able  to  stand  to 
their  labour :  and  that  the  Admirall  meant  not  to  make 
any  haste  for  England,  but  to  linger  about  the  Island  of 
Tercera  for  purchase :  the  Flyboate  departed  for  England 
with  letters,  where  we  hoped  by  the  help  of  God  to 
arrive  shortly:  but  by  that  time  we  had  continued  our 
course  homeward  about  twenty  dayes,  having  had  some- 
times scarse  and  variable  windes,  our  fresh  water  also  by 
leaking  almost  consumed,  there  arose  a  storme  at  North- 
east, which  for  sixe  dayes  ceased  not  to  blowe  so  exceed- 
ing, that  we  were  driven  further  in  those  sixe  then  we 
could  recover  in  thirteene  daies :  in  which  time  others  of 
our  saylers  began  to  fall  very  sicke  and  two  of  them 
dyed,  the  weather  also  continued  so  close,  that  our 
Master  sometimes  in  foure  dayes  together  could  see 
neither  sunne  nor  starre,  and  all  the  beverage  we  could 
make,  with  stinking  water,  dregs  of  beere,  and  lees  of 
wine  which  remayned,  was  but  three  gallons,  and  there- 
fore   now   we   expected   nothing   but    famine    to   perish 

at  Sea. 

400 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 

October. 

THe  1 6  of  October  we  made  land,  but  we  knewe  not 
what  land  it  was,  bearing  in  with  the  same  land  at 
that  day :  about  sunne  set  we  put  into  a  harbour,  where 
we  found  a  Hulke  of  Dublin,  and  a  pinnesse  of  Hampton 
riding,  but  we  knew  not  as  yet  what  place  this  was, 
neither  had  we  any  boate  to  goe  ashore,  untill  the  pin- 
nesse sent  off  their  boate  to  us  with  6  or  8  men,  of  whom 
we  understood  wee  were  in  Smerwick  in  the  West  parts  Smermck  in 
of  Ireland:  they  also  releeved  us  presently  with  fresh  ^^^ ^^^^ V 
water,  wine,  and  other  fresh  meate. 

The  1 8  the  Governour  and  the  Master  ryd  to  Dingen 
a  Cushe,  5  miles  distant,  to  take  order  for  the  new 
victualing  of  our  Flieboate  for  England,  and  for  reliefe 
of  our  sicke  and  hurt  men,  but  within  foure  daies  after  the 
Boatswain,  the  Steward,  and  the  Boatswains  mate  died 
aboord  the  Flieboat,  and  the  28  the  Masters  mate  and 
two  of  our  chiefe  sailers  were  brought  sicke  to  Dingen. 

November. 

THe  first  the  Governour  shipped  himselfe  in  a  ship 
called  the  Monkie,  which  at  that  time  was  ready  to 
put  to  sea  from  Dingen  for  England,  leaving  the  Fly- 
boat  and  all  his  companie  in  Ireland.  The  same  day  we 
set  sayle,  and  on  the  third  day  we  fell  with  the  North 
side  of  the  lands  end,  and  were  shut  up  the  Severne,  but 
the  next  day  we  doubled  the  same  for  Mounts  Bay. 

The  5  the  Governour  landed  in  England  at  Martasew, 
neere  Saint  Michaels  mount  in  Cornewall. 

The  8  we  arrived  at  Hampton,  where  we  understood 
that  our  consort  the  Admiral  was  come  to  Portsmouth, 
and  had  bene  there  three  weekes  before :  and  also  that 
Ferdinando  the  Master  with  all  his  company  were  not 
onely  come  home  without  any  purchase,  but  also  in  such 
weaknesse  by  sicknesse,  and  death  of  their  chiefest  men, 
that  they  were  scarse  able  to  bring  their  ship  into  harbour, 
but  were  forced  to  let  fall  anker  without,  which  they 
VIII  401  2  c 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

could  not  wey  againe,  but  might  all  have  perished  there, 
if  a  small  barke  by  great  hap  had  not  come  to  them 
to  helpe  them.  The  names  of  the  chiefe  men  that 
died  are  these,  Roger  Large,  John  Mathew,  Thomas 
Smith,  and  some  other  saylers,  whose  names  I  knew  not 
at  the  writing  hereof.     An.  Dom.  1587. 

[III.  287.]  The  names  of  all  the  men,  women  and  children, 
which  safely  arrived  in  Virginia,  and  remained 
to  inhabite  there.  1587.  Anno  regni  Regins 
Elizabethae.   29. 


John  White. 
Roger  Baily. 
Ananias  Dare. 
Christopher  Cooper. 
Thomas  Stevens. 
John  Sampson. 
Dyonis  Harvie. 
Roger  Prat. 
George  How. 
Simon  Fernando. 
Nicholas  Johnson. 
Thomas  Warner. 
Anthony  Cage. 
John  Jones. 
William  WiUes. 
John  Brooke. 
Cutbert  White. 
John  Bright. 
Clement  Tayler. 
William  Sole. 
John  Cotsmur. 
Humfrey  Newton. 
Thomas  Colman. 
Thomas  Gramme. 
Marke  Bennet. 
John  Gibbes. 
John  Stilman. 


Robert  Wilkinson. 
John  Tydway. 
Ambrose  Viccars. 
Edmond  English. 
Thomas  Topan. 
Henry  Berry. 
Richard  Berry. 
John  Spendlove. 
John  Hemmington. 
Thomas  Butler. 
Edward  Powell. 
John  Burden. 
James  Hynde. 
Thomas  Ellis. 
William  Browne. 
Michael  Myllet. 
Thomas  Smith. 
Richard  Kemme. 
Thomas  Harris. 
Richard  Taverner. 
John  Earnest. 
Henry  Johnson. 
John  Starte. 
Richard  Darige. 
William  Lucas. 
Arnold  Archard. 
John  Wright. 


402 


THE  FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA 


William  Button. 
Mauris  Allen. 
William  Waters. 
Richard  Arthur. 
John  Chapman. 
William  Clement. 
Robert  Little. 
Hugh  Tayler. 
Richard  Wildye. 
Lewes  Wotton. 
Michael  Bishop. 
Henry  Browne. 
Henry  Rufoote. 
Richard  Tomkins. 
Henry  Dorrell. 
Charles  Florrie. 
Henry  Mylton. 
Henry  Paine. 
Thomas  Harris. 
William  Nichols. 
Thomas  Phevens. 
John  Borden. 
Thomas  Scot. 
Peter  Little. 
John  Wyles. 
Brian  Wyles. 
George  Martyn. 
Hugh  Pattenson. 
Martin  Sutton. 
John  Farre. 
John  Bridger. 
GrifFen  Jones. 
Richard  Shabedge. 
James  Lasie. 
John  Cheven. 
Thomas  Hewet. 
William  Berde. 


Women. 

Elyoner  Dare. 
Margery  Harvie. 
Agnes  Wood. 
Wenefrid  Powell. 
Joyce  Ar chard. 
Jane  Jones. 
Elizabeth  Glane. 
Jane  Pierce. 
Audry  Tappan. 
Alis  Chapman. 
Emme  Merrimoth. 
Colman. 

Margaret  Lawrence. 
Joan  Warren. 
Jane  Mannering. 
Rose  Payne. 
Elizabeth  Viccars. 

Boyes  and  children. 

John  Sampson. 
Robert  Ellis. 
Ambrose  Viccars. 
Thomas  Archard. 
Thomas  Humfrey. 
Thomas  Smart. 
George  How. 
John  Prat. 
William  Wythers, 

Children  borne  in  Virginia. 

Virginia  Dare. 
Harvie. 

Savages. 

IVlanteO.  )  That  were   in    England 
ry-i  >  and  returned  home  into 

1  OWaye.  )  Virginia  with  them. 

[To  the 


A.D. 
1587. 


403 


A.D. 

1593- 


THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 


To  the  Worshipful  and  my  very  friend  Master 
Richard  Hakluyt,  much  happinesse  in  the 
Lord. 


Ir,  as  well  for  the  satisfying  of  your 
earnest  request,  as  the  performance  of 
my  promise  made  unto  you  at  my  last 
being  with  you  in  England,  I  have  sent 
you  (although  in  a  homely  stile,  especi- 
ally for  the  contentation  of  a  delicate 
eare)  the  true  discourse  of  my  last  voy- 
age into  the  West  Indies,  and  partes  of  America  called 
Virginia,  taken  in  hand  about  the  end  of  Februarie,  in 
the  yeare  of  our  redemption  1590.  And  what  events 
[III.  288.]  happened  unto  us  in  this  our  journey,  you  shall  plainely 
perceive  by  the  sequele  of  my  discourse.  There  were 
at  the  time  aforesaid  three  ships  absolutely  determined 
to  goe  for  the  West  Indies,  at  the  speciall  charges  of  M. 
John  Wattes  of  London  Marchant.  But  when  they 
were  fully  furnished,  and  in  readinesse  to  make  their 
departure,  a  generall  stay  was  commanded  of  all  ships 
thorowout  England.  Which  so  soone  as  I  heard,  I 
presently  (as  1  thought  it  most  requisite)  acquainted 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh  therewith,  desiring  him  that  as  I 
had  sundry  times  afore  bene  chargeable  and  trouble- 
some unto  him,  for  the  supplies  and  reliefes  of  the 
planters  in  Virginia  :  so  likewise,  that  by  his  endevour 
it  would  please  him  at  that  instant  to  procure  license 
for  those  three  ships  to  proceede  on  with  their 
determined  voyage,  that  thereby  the  people  in  Virginia 
(if  it  were  God's  pleasure)  might  speedily  be  com- 
forted and  relieved  without  further  charges  unto  him. 
Whereupon  he  by  his  good  meanes  obtained  license 
of  the  Queenes  Majestic,  and  order  to  be  taken, 
that  the  owner  of  the  3  ships  should  be  bound  unto 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh  or  his  assignes,  in  3000  pounds, 
that    those    3    ships    in    consideration    of   their    release- 

404 


LETTEK   FROM   JOHN   WHITE  ad. 

1593- 
ment  should  take  in,  &  transport  a  convenient 
number  of  passengers,  with  their  furnitures  and 
necessaries  to  be  landed  in  Virginia.  Neverthelesse  that 
order  was  not  observed,  neither  was  the  bond  taken 
according  to  the  intention  aforesaid.  But  rather  in 
contempt  of  the  aforesaid  order,  I  was  by  the  owner 
and  Commanders  of  the  ships  denied  to  have  any 
passengers,  or  any  thing  els  transported  in  any  of  the 
said  ships,  saving  only  my  selfe  &  my  chest  ;  no 
not  so  much  as  a  boy  to  attend  upon  me,  although 
I  made  great  sute,  &  earnest  intreatie  aswell  to  the 
chiefe  Commanders,  as  to  the  owner  .of  the  said 
ships.  Which  crosse  and  unkind  dealing,  although 
it  very  much  discontented  me,  notwithstanding  the 
scarsity  of  time  was  such,  that  I  could  have  no 
opportunity  to  go  unto  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  with  com- 
plaint :  for  the  ships  being  then  all  in  readinesse  to 
goe  to  the  Sea,  would  have  bene  departed  before  I 
could  have  made  my  returne.  Thus  both  Governors, 
Masters,  and  sailers,  regarding  very  smally  the  good 
of  their  countreymen  in  Virginia  ;  determined  nothing 
lesse  then  to  touch  at  those  places,  but  wholly  disposed 
themselves  to  seeke  after  purchase  &  spoiles,  spending 
so  much  time  therein,  that  sommer  was  spent  before 
we  arrived  at  Virginia.  And  when  we  were  come 
thither,  the  season  was  so  unfit,  &  weather  so  foule, 
that  we  were  constrained  of  force  to  forsake  that 
coast,  having  not  scene  any  of  our  planters,  with 
losse  of  one  of  our  ship-boates,  and  7  of  our  chiefest 
men  :  and  also  with  losse  of  3  of  our  ankers  and 
cables,  and  most  of  our  caskes  with  fresh  water  left 
on  shore,  not  possible  to  be  had  aboord.  Which 
evils  &  unfortunate  events  (as  Wei  to  their  owne 
losse  as  to  the  hinderance  of  the  planters  in  Virginia) 
had  not  chanced,  if  the  order  set  downe  by  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  had  bene  observed,  or  if  my  dayly  & 
continuall  petitions  for  the  performance  of  the  same 
might    have  taken  any  place.     Thus    may    you  plainely 

405 


Ao  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1590. 

perceive  the  successe  of  my  fift  &  last  voiage  to 
Virginia,  which  was  no  lesse  unfortunately  ended  then 
frowardly  begun,  and  as  lucklesse  to  many,  as  sinister 
to  my  selfe.  But  I  would  to  God  it  had  bene  as 
prosperous  to  all,  as  noysome  to  the  planters  ;  &  as 
joyfuU  to  me,  as  discomfortable  to  them.  Yet  seeing 
it  is  not  my  first  crossed  voyage,  I  remaine  contented. 
And  wanting  my  wishes,  I  leave  off  from  prosecuting 
that  whereunto  I  would  to  God  my  wealth  were 
answerable  to  my  will.  Thus  committing  the  reliefe 
of  my  discomfortable  company  the  planters  in  Virginia, 
to  the  merciful  help  of  the  Almighty,  whom  I  most 
humbly  beseech  to  helpe  &  comfort  them,  according 
to  his  most  holy  will  &  their  good  desire,  I  take 
my  leave  :  from  my  house  at  Newtowne  in  Kylmore 
the  4  of  February,   1593. 

Your  most  welwishing  friend, 

John  White. 

The  lift  voyage  of  M.  John  White  into  the 
West  Indies  and  parts  of  America  called 
Virginia,  in  the  yeere   1590. 

THe  20  of  March  the  three  shippes  the  Hope- 
well, the  John  Evangelist,  and  the  Little  John, 
put  to    Sea  from  Plymmouth  with  two   small  Shallops. 

The  25  at  midnight  both  our  Shallops  were  sunke  being 
towed  at  the  ships  stearnes  by  the  Boatswaines  negligence. 

On  the  30  we  saw  a  head  us  that  part  of  the  coast  of 
Barbary,  lying  East  of  Cape  Cantyn,  and  the  Bay  of  Asaphi. 

The  next  day  we  came  to  the  He  of  Mogador, 
where  rode,  at  our  passing  by,  a  Pinnesse  of  London 
called  the  Mooneshine. 

[III.  289.]  Aprill. 

|N   the    first    of  Aprill    we    ankored    in    Santa  Cruz 
rode,    where     we    found     two     great     shippes     of 
London    lading    in    Sugar,   of  whom  we    had     2     ship- 
boats    to    supply  the   losse  of  our   Shallops. 

406 


O' 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1590. 

On  the  2  we  set  sayle  from  the  rode  of  Santa 
Cruz,  for  the  Canaries. 

On  Saturday  the  4  we  saw  Alegranza,  the  East  He 
of  the  Canaries. 

On  Sunday  the  5  of  Aprill  we  gave  chase  to  a 
double  flyboat,  the  which,  we  also  the  same  day  fought 
with,  and  tooke  her,  with  losse  of  three  of  their  men 
slaine,  and  one  hurt. 

On  Munday  the  6  we  saw  Grand  Canarie,  and 
the  next  day  we  landed  and  tooke  in  fresh  water  on 
the  Southside  thereof. 

On  the  9  we  departed  from  Grand  Canary,  and 
framed  our  course  for  Dominica. 

The  last  of  Aprill  we  saw  Dominica,  and  the  same 
night  we  came  to  an  anker  on  the   Southside  thereof. 

May. 

THe  first  of  May  in  the  morning  many  of 
the  Salvages  came  aboord  our  ships  in  their 
Canowes,  and  did  traffique  with  us  ;  we  also  the 
same  day  landed  and  entered  their  Towne  from 
whence  we  returned  the  same  day  aboord  without 
any  resistance  of  the  Salvages  ;  or  any  offence  done  to 
them. 

The  2  of  May  our  Admirall  and  our  Pinnesse 
departed  from  Dominica  leaving  the  John  our  Vice- 
admirall  playing  off  and  on  about  Dominica,  hoping 
to  take  some  Spaniard  outwardes  bound  to  the  Indies  ; 
the  same  night  we  had  sight  of  three  smal  Hands 
called  Los  Santos,  leaving  Guadalupe  and  them  on  our 
starboord. 

The  3  we  had  sight  of  S.  Christophers  Hand, 
bearing  Northeast  and  by  East  off  us. 

On  the  4  we  sayled  by  the  Virgines,  which  are 
many  broken  Hands,  lying  at  the  East  ende  of  S. 
Johns  Hand  :  and  the  same  day  towards  evening  we 
landed  upon  one  of  them  called  Blanca,  where  we 
killed  an  incredible   number  of  foules  :   here  we  stayed 

407 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

but  three  houres,  &  from  thence  stood  into  the  shore 
Northwest,  and  having  brought  this  Hand  Southeast 
off  us,  we  put  towards  night  thorow  an  opening  or 
swatch,  called  The  passage,  lying  betwene  the  Virgines, 
and  the  East  end  of  S.  John  :  here  the  Pinnesse 
left  us   and   sayled   on  the  South  side  of   S.  John. 

The  5  and  6  the  Admirall  sayled  along  the  North- 
side  of  S.  John,  so  neere  the  shore  that  the  Spaniards 
discerned  us  to  be  men  of  warre  ;  and  therefore  made 
fires  along  the  coast  as  we  sailed  by,  for  so  their 
custome  is,  when  they  see  any  men  of  warre  on  their 
coasts. 

The  7  we  landed  on  the  Northwest  end  of  S.  John, 
where  we  watered  in  a  good  river  called  Yaguana,  and 
the  same  night  following  we  tooke  a  Frigate  of  tenne 
Tunne  comming  from  Gwathanelo  laden  with  hides 
and  ginger.  In  this  place  Pedro  a  Mollato,  who 
knewe  all  our  state,  ranne  from  us  to  the  Spaniards. 

On  the  9  we  departed  from  Yaguana. 

The  13  we  landed  on  an  Hand  called  Mona,  whereon 
were  10  or  12  houses  inhabited  of  the  Spaniards  ; 
these  we  burned  &  took  from  them  a  Pinnesse, 
which  they  had  drawen  a  ground  and  sunke,  and 
carried  all  her  sayles,  mastes,  and  rudders  into  the 
woods,  because  we  should  not  take  him  away  ;  we 
also  chased  the  Spaniards  over  all  the  Hand  ;  but  they 
hid  them  in  caves,  hollow  rockes,  and  bushes,  so  that 
we  could  not  find  them. 

On  the  14  we  departed  from  Mona,  and  the  next 
day  after  wee  came  to  an  Hand  called  Saona,  about  5 
leagues  distant  from  Mona,  lying  on  the  Southside  of 
Hispaniola  neere  the  East  end  :  betweene  these  two 
Hands  we  lay  off  and  on  4  or  5  dayes,  hoping  to  take 
some  of  the  Domingo  fleete  doubling  this  Hand,  as  a 
neerer  way  to  Spaine  then  by  Cape  Tyburon,  or  by 
Cape  S.  Anthony. 

On  Thursday  being  the  19  our  Viceadmirall,  from 
whom  we  departed  at  Dominica,  came  to  us   at   Saona, 

408 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE    TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 

with    whom   we   left    a    Spanish    Frigate,  and    appointed 

him  to  lie  off  and  on   other   five  daies   betweene  Saona 

and    Mona    to    the    ende   aforesaid  ;    then    we   departed 

from  them   at   Saona   for  Cape  Tyburon.     Here  I    was 

enformed    that    our    men    of  the   Viceadmirall,  at   their 

departure    from    Dominica    brought    away    two    young 

Salvages,  which  were  the  chiefe  Casiques  sonnes  of  that 

Countrey  and  part   of  Dominica,  but  they  shortly  after 

ran    away  from   them    at    Santa   Cruz    Hand,    where   the 

Viceadmirall  landed  to  take  in  ballast. 

On  the  21  the  Admirall  came  to  the  Cape  Tyburon, 
where  we  found  the  John  Evangelist  our  Pinnesse 
staying  for  us  :  here  we  tooke  in  two  Spaniards  almost 
starved  on  the  shore,  who  made  a  fire  to  our  ships  as 
we  passed  by.  Those  places  for  an  100  miles  in 
length  are  nothing  els  but  a  desolate  and  meere  [III.  290.] 
wildernesse,  without  any  habitation  of  people,  and  full 
of  wilde  Bulles  and  Bores,  and  great  Serpents. 

The  22  our  Pinnesse  came  also  to  an  anker  in 
Aligato  Bay  at  Cape  Tyburon.  Here  we  understood 
of  M.  Lane,  Captaine  of  the  Pinnesse  ;  how  he  was  set  ^-  William 
upon  with  one  of  the  kings  Gallies  belonging  to  Santo  ^^^' 
Domingo,  which  was  manned  with  400  men,  who  after 
he  had  fought  with  him  3  or  4  houres,  gave  over  the 
fight  &  forsooke  him,  without  any  great  hurt  done  on 
eyther  part. 

The  26  the  John  our  Vizadmirall  came  to  us  to 
cape  Tyburon,  and  the  Frigat  which  we  left  with  him 
at  Saona.  This  was  the  appointed  place  where  we  should 
attend  for  the  meeting  with  the  Santo  Domingo  Fleete. 

On  Whitsunday  Even  at  Cape  Tyburon  one  of  our 
boyes  ranne  away  from  us,  and  at  ten  dayes  end  returned 
to  our  ships  almost  starved  for  want  of  food.  In  sundry 
places  about  this  part  of  Cape  Tyburon  we  found  the 
bones  and  carkases  of  divers  men,  who  had  perished 
(as  wee  thought)  by  famine  in  those  woods,  being 
either  stragled  from  their  company,  or  landed  there  by 
some  men  of  warre. 

409 


A.D. 

1590. 


O' 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


June. 


N  the  14  of  June  we  tooke  a  smal  Spanish  frigat 
which  fell  amongst  us  so  suddenly,  as  he 
doubled  the  point  at  the  Bay  of  Cape  Tyburon,  where 
we  road,  so  that  he  could  not  escape  us.  This  Frigat 
came  from  Santo  Domingo,  and  had  but  3  men  in 
her,  the  one  was  an  expert  Pilot,  the  other  a 
Mountainer,  and  the  third  a  Vintener,  who  escaped  all 
out  of  prison  at  Santo  Domingo,  purposing  to  fly  to 
Yaguana  which  is  a  towne    in    the  West  parts  of  His- 

Spanishfugi-    paniola    where    many    fugitive    Spaniards    are   gathered 

fives.  together. 

The  17  being  Wednesday  Captaine  Lane  was  sent 
to  Yaguana  with  his  Pinnesse  and  a  Frigat  to  take  a 
shippe,  which  was  there  taking  in  fraight,  as  we 
understood  by  the  old  Pylot,  whom  we  had  taken 
three  dayes  before. 

The  24  the  Frigat  returned  from  Captaine  Lane  at 
Yaguana,  and  brought  us  word  to  cape  Tyburon,  that 
Captaine  Lane  had  taken  the  shippe,  with  many 
passengers  and  Negroes  in  the  same  ;  which  proved  not 
so  rich  a  prize  as  we  hoped  for,  for  that  a  Frenchman 
of  warre  had  taken  and  spoyled  her  before  we  came. 
Neverthelesse  her  loading  was  thought  worth  1000  or 
1300  pounds,  being  hides,  ginger,  Cannafistula,  Copper- 
pannes,  and  Casavi. 

July- 

Edward  f  I  ^He  second  of  July  Edward  Spicer  whom  we  left  in 

Spicer.  J_    England  came  to  us  at  Cape  Tyburon,  accompanied 

with  a  small  Pinnesse,  whereof  one  M.  Harps  was 
Captaine.  And  the  same  day  we  had  sight  of  a  fleete 
of  14  saile  all  of  Santo  Domingo,  to  whom  we 
presently  gave  chase,  but  they  upon  the  first  sight  of 
us  fled,  and  separating  themselves  scattered  here  and 
there  :  Wherefore  we  were  forced  to  divide  our  selves 
and  so  made  after  them  untill   12  of  the  clocke  at  night. 

410 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 
But  then  by  reason   of  the  darkenesse  we  lost  sight  of 
ech    other,    yet    in     the    end    the    Admirall    and    the 
Moonelight  happened  to  be  together  the  same  night  at 
the    fetching    up    of    the    Vizadmirall    of   the    Spanish 
fleete,  against  whom   the   next   morning  we  fought  and  This  fight 
tooke    him,  with    losse    of  one    of  our    men    and    two  ^^-^  ^^  •"<§''^j 
hurt,  and  of  theirs  4  slaine  and  6  hurt.     But  what  was  ^f-^^^^^^ 
become   of   our  Viceadmirall,   our    Pinnesse,  and   Prize, 
and  two  Frigates,  in  all  this  time,  we  were  ignorant. 

The  3  of  July  we  spent  about  rifling,  romaging  and 
fitting  the  Prize  to  be  sailed  with  us. 

The  6  of  July  we  saw  Jamayca  the  which  we  left 
on  our  larboord,  keeping  Cuba  in  sight  on  our  star- 
boord. 

Upon  the  8  of  July  we  saw  the  Hand  of  Pinos, 
which  lieth  on  the  Southside  of  Cuba  nigh  unto  the 
West  end  or  Cape  called  Cape  S.  Anthony.  And  the 
same  day  we  gave  chase  to  a  Frigat,  but  at  night  we 
lost  sight  of  her,  partly  by  the  slow  sayling  of  our 
Admirall,  &  lacke  of  the  Moonelight  our  Pinnesse, 
whom  Captaine  Cooke  had  sent  to  the  Cape  the  day 
before. 

On  the  1 1  we  came  to  Cape  S.  Anthony,  where  we 
found  our  consort  the  Moonelight  and  her  Pinnesse 
abiding  for  our  comming,  of  whom  we  understood  that 
the  day  before  there  passed  by  them  22  saile,  some  of 
them  of  the  burden  of  300  and  some  400  tunnes 
loaden  with  the  Kings  treasure  from  the  maine,  bound 
for  Havana  ;  from  this  1 1  of  July  untill  22  we  were 
much  becalmed  :  and  the  winde  being  very  scarse,  and 
the  weather  exceeding  hoat,  we  were  much  pestered 
with  the  Spaniards  we  had  taken  :  wherefore  we  were 
driven  to  land  all  the  Spaniards  saving  three,  but  the 
place  where  we  landed  them  was  of  their  owne  choise 
on  the  Southside  of  Cuba  neere  unto  the  Organes  and 
Rio  de  Puercos. 

The  23  we  had  sight  of  the  Cape  of  Florida,  and 
the  broken  Hands  therof  called  the  Martires. 

411 


A.D.  THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 
[III.  291.]  The  25  being  S.  James  day  in  the  morning,  we  fell 

with  the  Matan9as,  a  head-land  8  leagues  towards  the 
East  of  Havana,  where  we  purposed  to  take  fresh 
water  in,  and  make  our  abode  two  or  three  dayes. 

On  Sunday  the  26  of  July  plying  too  and  fro  betweene 
the  Matan^as  and  Havana,  we  were  espied  of  three 
small  Pinnasses  of  S.  John  de  Ullua  bound  for 
Havana,  which  were  exceeding  richly  loaden.  These  3 
Pinnasses  came  very  boldly  up  unto  us,  and  so 
continued  untill  they  came  within  musket  shot  of  us. 
And  we  supposed  them  to  be  Captaine  Harps  pinnesse, 
and  two  small  Frigats  taken  by  Captain  Harpe  : 
wherefore  we  shewed  our  flag.  But  they  presently 
upon  the  sight  of  it  turned  about  &  made  all  the 
saile  they  could  from  us  toward  the  shore,  &  kept 
themselves  in  so  shallow  water,  that  we  were  not  able 
to  follow  them,  and  therefore  gave  them  over  with 
expence  of  shot  &  pouder  to  no  purpose.  But  if  we 
had  not  so  rashly  set  out  our  flagge,  we  might  have 
taken  them  all  three,  for  they  would  not  have  knowen 
us  before  they  had  bene  in  our  hands.  This  chase 
brought  us  so  far  to  leeward  as  Havana  :  wherfore 
not  finding  any  of  our  consorts  at  ye  Matan9as,  we 
put  over  again  to  the  cape  of  Florida,  &  from  thence 
thorow  the  chanel  of  Bahama. 

On  the  28  the  Cape  of  Florida  bare  West  of  us, 
7*^1?  state  of  The  30  we  lost  sight  of  the  coast  of  Florida,  and 
the  currents  stood  to  Sea  for  to  gaine  the  helpe  of  the  current 
ofFlori/ffo  which  runneth  much  swifter  a  farre  ofF  then  in  sight 
Virginia.  of  the  coast.  For  from  the  Cape  to  Virginia  all  along 
the  shore  are  none  but  eddie  currents,  setting  to  the 
South  and    Southwest. 

The  31  our  three  ships  were  clearely  disbocked,  the 
great  prize,  the  Admirall,  and  the  Mooneshine,  but  our 
prize  being  thus  disbocked  departed  from  us  without 
taking  leave  of  our  Admirall  or  consort,  and  sayled 
directly  for  England. 

412 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 

August. 

ON  the  first  of  August  the  winde  scanted,  and  from 
thence  forward  we  had  very  fowle  weather  with 
much  raine,  thundering,  and  great  spouts,  which  fell 
round  about  us  nigh  unto  our  ships. 

The  3  we  stoode  againe  in  for  the  shore,  and  at 
midday  we  tooke  the  height  of  the  same.  The  height 
of  that  place  we  found  to  be  34  degrees  of  latitude. 
Towards  night  we  were  within  three  leagues  of  the  Low 
sandie  Hands  West  of  Wokokon.  But  the  weather  Sandie  Hands 
continued  so  exceeding-  foule,  that  we  could  not  come  ^"^f  y 
to  an  anker  nye  the  coast  :  wherefore  we  stood  off 
againe  to   Sea  untill   Monday  the  9  of  August. 

On  munday  the  storme  ceased,  and  we  had  very  great 
likelihood  of  faire  weather :  therefore  we  stood  in  againe 
for  the  shore :  &  came  to  an  anker  at  1 1  fadome  in  3  5  '^^H  ^^^^  ^^ 
degrees  of  latitude,  within  a  mile  of  the  shore,  where  ^^  ^gree^- 
we  went  on  land  on  the  narrow  sandy  Hand,  being  one 
of  the  Handes  West  of  Wokokon :  in  this  Hand  we 
tooke  in  some  fresh  water  and  caught  great  store  of  fish 
in  the  shallow  water.  Betweene  the  maine  (as  we 
supposed)  and  that  Hand  it  was  but  a  mile  over  and 
three  or  foure  foote  deepe  in  most  places. 

On  the  12  in  the  morning  we  departed  from  thence 
and  toward  night  we  came  to  an  anker  at  the  Northeast 
end   of  the   Hand   of  Croatoan,   by  reason   of  a  breach  ^  breach  ?. 
which  we  perceived  to  lie  out  two  or  three  leagues  into  ^.^  ^  ^^^S^^^ 
the  Sea :  here  we  road  all  that  night. 

The  13  in  the  morning  before  we  wayed  our  ankers, 
our  boates  were  sent  to  sound  over  this  breach :  our 
ships  riding  on  the  side  thereof  at  5  fadome ;  and  a 
ships  length  from  us  we  found  but  4  and  a  quarter, 
and  then  deeping  and  shallowing  for  the  space  of  two 
miles,  so  that  sometimes  we  found  5  fadome,  and  by  Great  diver- 
&  by  7,  and  within  two  casts  with  the  lead  9,  &  then  ^^0'^?^^^^'»^- 
8,  next  cast  5,  &  then  6,  &  then  4,  &  then  9  againe, 
and  deeper;   but  3  fadome  was  the  last,  2   leagues  off 

413 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

from  the  shore.  This  breach  is  in  35  degr.  &  a  halfe, 
&  lyeth  at  the  very  Northeast  point  of  Croatoan,  wheras 
goeth  a  fret  out  of  the  maine  Sea  into  the  inner  waters, 
which  part  the  Ilandes  and  the  maine  land. 

The   15  of  August  towards  Evening  we  came   to  an 

Hatorask  m     anker  at  Hatorask,  in   1^6  degr.  and   one  third,   in   five 

3  ^^.  a  f^(^Qj^  water,  three  leagues  from  the  shore.  At  our 
first  comming  to  anker  on  this  shore  we  saw  a  great 
smoke  rise  in  the  He  Raonoak  neere  the  place  where  I 
left  our  Colony  in  the  yeere  1587,  which  smoake  put 
us  in  good  hope  that  some  of  the  Colony  were  there 
.    expecting  my  returne  out  of  England. 

The  1 6  and  next  morning  our  2  boates  went  a  shore, 
&  Captaine  Cooke,  &  Cap.  Spicer,  &  their  company 
with  me,  with  intent  to  passe  to  the  place  at  Raonoak 
where  our  countreymen  were  left.  At  our  putting  from 
the  ship  we  commanded  our  Master  gunner  to  make 
readie  2  Minions  and  a  Falkon  well  loden,  and  to  shoot 
them  off  with  reasonable  space  betweene  every  shot,  to 
the  ende  that  their  reportes  might  bee  heard  to  the 
place  where  wee  hoped  to  finde  some  of  our  people. 
This  was  accordingly  performed,  &  our  twoe  boats  put 

[III.  292.]  off  unto  the  shore,  in  the  Admirals  boat  we  sounded 
all  the  way  and  found  from  our  shippe  untill  we  came 
within  a  mile  of  the  shore  nine,  eight,  and  seven  fadome : 
but  before  we  were  halfe  way  betweene  our  ships  and  the 
shore  we  saw  another  great  smoke  to  the  Southwest 
of  Kindrikers  mountes :  we  therefore  thought  good  to 
goe  to  that  second  smoke  first :  but  it  was  much  further 

They  land.  from  the  harbour  where  we  landed,  then  we  supposed 
it  to  be,  so  that  we  were  very  sore  tired  before  wee  came 
to  the  smoke.  But  that  which  grieved  us  more  was 
that  when  we  came  to  the  smoke,  we  found  no  man  nor 
signe  that  any  had  bene  there  lately,  nor  yet  any  fresh 
water  in  all  this  way  to  drinke.  Being  thus  wearied 
with  this  journey  we  returned  to  the  harbour  where 
we  left  our  boates,  who  in  our  absence  had  brought 
their  caske  a  shore  for  fresh  water,  so  we  deferred  our 

414 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1590. 

going  to  Roanoak  untill  the  next  morning,  and  caused 

some  of  those  saylers  to  digge  in  those  sandie   hills  for 

fresh    water   whereof  we    found   very    sufficient.      That  ^''^•^'^  water 

night   wee    returned    aboord    with   our    boates   and    our  j^ii^^  ^"  ^^^  -^ 

whole  company  in  safety. 

The  next  morning  being  the  17  of  August,  our  boates 
and  company  were  prepared  againe  to  goe  up  to  Roanoak, 
but  Captaine  Spicer  had  then  sent  his  boat  ashore  for 
fresh  water,  by  meanes  whereof  it  was  ten  of  the  clocke 
aforenoone  before  we  put  from  our  ships  which  were 
then  come  to  an  anker  within  two  miles  of  the  shore. 
The  Admirals  boat  was  halfe  way  toward  the  shore, 
when  Captaine  Spicer  put  off  from  his  ship.  The 
Admirals  boat  first  passed  the  breach,  but  not  without 
some  danger  of  sinking,  for  we  had  a  sea  brake  into  our 
boat  which  filled  us  halfe  full  of  water,  but  by  the  will 
of  God  and  carefull  styrage  of  Captaine  Cooke  we  came 
safe  ashore,  saving  onely  that  our  furniture,  victuals, 
match  and  powder  were  much  wet  and  spoyled.  For 
at  this  time  the  winde  blue  at  Northeast  and  direct  into 
the  harbour  so  great  a  gale,  that  the  Sea  brake  extremely 
on  the  barre,  and  the  tide  went  very  forcibly  at  the 
entrance.  By  that  time  our  Admirals  boate  was  hailed 
ashore,  and  most  of  our  things  taken  out  to  dry,  Captaine 
Spicer  came  to  the  entrance  of  the  breach  with  his  mast 
standing  up,  and  was  halfe  passed  over,  but  by  the  rash 
and  undiscreet  styrage  of  Ralph  Skinner  his  Masters 
mate,  a  very  dangerous  Sea  brake  into  their  boate  and 
overset  them  quite,  the  men  kept  the  boat  some  in  it, 
and  some  hanging  on  it,  but  the  next  sea  set  the  boat  on 
ground,  where  it  beat  so,  that  some  of  them  were  forced 
to  let  goe  their  hold,  hoping  to  wade  ashore  ;  but  the 
Sea  still  beat  them  downe,  so  that  they  could  neither 
stand  nor  swimme,  and  the  boat  twise  or  thrise  was 
turned  the  keele  upward,  whereon  Captaine  Spicer  and  Captaine 
Skinner  hung  untill  they  sunke,  &  were  seene  no  more,  y"^^ 
But  foure  that  could  swimme  a  litle  kept  themselves  in 
deeper  water  and  were  saved  by  Captain  Cookes  meanes, 

415 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

who  so  soone  as  he  saw  their  oversetting,  stripped  him- 
selfe,  and  foure  other  that  could  swimme  very  well,  & 
with  all  haste  possible  rowed  unto  them,  &  saved  foure. 
They  were  a  1 1  in  all,  &  7  of  the  chiefest  were  drowned, 
whose    names    were    Edward     Spicer,    Ralph    Skinner, 
Edward    Kelley,    Thomas    Bevis,    Hance    the    Surgion, 
Edward    Kelborne,    Robert    Coleman.      This    mischance 
did  so  much  discomfort  the  saylers,  that  they  were   all 
of  one  mind  not  to  goe  any  further  to  seeke  the  planters. 
But  in  the  end  by  the  commandement  &  perswasion  of 
me  and  Captaine  Cooke,  they  prepared  the  boates :  and 
seeing   the   Captaine   and    me    so   resolute,   they   seemed 
much   more  willing.     Our    boates   and    all   things   fitted 
againe,  we  put  off  from  Hatorask,  being  the  number  of 
1 9  persons  in  both  boates :  but  before  we  could  get  to 
the  place,  where  our  planters  were  left,  it  was  so  exceed- 
ing darke,  that  we  overshot  the  place  a  quarter  of  a  mile  : 
there  we  espied  towards  the  North  end  of  the  Hand  ye 
light  of  a  great  fire  thorow  the  woods,  to  the  which  we 
presently  rowed :  when  wee  came  right  over  against  it,  we 
let  fall  our  Grapnel  neere  the  shore,  &  sounded  with  a 
trumpet   a   Call,   &   afterwardes    many    familiar    English 
tunes  of  Songs,  and  called  to  them  friendly ;  but  we  had 
no  answere,  we  therefore  landed  at  day-breake,  and  com- 
ming  to  the  fire,  we  found  the  grasse  &  sundry  rotten 
trees   burning   about   the    place.     From    hence   we   went 
thorow  the  woods  to  that  part  of  the  Hand  directly  over 
against   Dasamongwepeuk,    &  from   thence   we   returned 
by  the  water  side,  round  about  the  North  point  of  the 
Hand,   untill    we    came    to   the    place    where    I    left    our 
Colony  in  the  yeere   1586.     In  all  this  way  we  saw  in 
the  sand  the  print  of  the  Salvages  feet  of  2  or  3  sorts 
troaden  ye  night,  and  as  we  entred  up  the  sandy  banke 
upon  a  tree,   in  the  very  browe  thereof  were  curiously 
carved  these  faire  Romane  letters  C  R  O  :  which  letters 
presently  we  knew  to  signifie  the  place,  where  I  should 
find    the    planters    seated,    according    to    a    secret    token 
agreed  upon  betweene  them  &  me  at  my  last  departure 

416 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 

from  them,  which  was,  that  In  any  wayes  they  should 
not  faile  to  write  or  carve  on  the  trees  or  posts  of  the 
dores  the  name  of  the  place  where  they  should  be  seated ; 
for  at  my  comming  away  they  were  prepared  to  remove 
from  Roanoak  50  miles  into  the  maine.  Therefore  at 
my  departure  from  them  in  An.  1587  I  willed  them, 
that  if  they  should  happen  to  be  distressed  in  any  of 
those  places,  that  then  they  should  carve  over  the  letters 
or  name,  a  Crosse  »J<  in  this  forme,  but  we  found  no  such 
signe  of  distresse.  And  having  well  considered  of  this, 
we  passed  toward  the  place  where  they  were  left  in  [III.  293.] 
sundry  houses,  but  we  found  the  houses  taken  downe, 
and  the  place  very  strongly  enclosed  with  a  high  palisado 
of  great  trees,  with  cortynes  and  flankers  very  Fort-like, 
and  one  of  the  chiefe  trees  or  postes  at  the  right  side  of 
the  entrance  had  the  barke  taken  off,  and  5  foote  from  the 
ground  in  fayre  Capitall  letters  was  graven  CROATOAN 
without  any  crosse  or  signe  of  distresse  ;  this  done,  we 
entred  into  the  palisado,  where  we  found  many  barres 
of  Iron,  two  pigges  of  Lead,  foure  yron  fowlers.  Iron 
sacker-shotte,  and  such  like  heavie  things,  throwen  here 
and  there,  almost  overgrowen  with  grasse  and  weedes. 
From  thence  wee  went  along  by  the  water  side,  towards 
the  poynt  of  the  Creeke  to  see  if  we  could  find  any  of 
their  botes  or  Pinnisse,  but  we  could  perceive  no  signe 
of  them,  nor  any  of  the  last  Falkons  and  small  Ordinance 
which  were  left  with  them,  at  my  departure  from  them. 
At  our  returne  from  the  Creeke,  some  of  our  Saylers 
meeting  us,  tolde  us  that  they  had  found  where  divers 
chests  had  bene  hidden,  and  long  sithence  digged  up 
againe  and  broken  up,  and  much  of  the  goods  in  them 
spoyled  and  scattered  about,  but  nothing  left,  of  such 
things  as  the  Savages  knew  any  use  of,  undefaced.  Pre- 
sently Captaine  Cooke  and  I  went  to  the  place,  which  was 
in  the  ende  of  an  olde  trench,  made  two  yeeres  past  by 
Captaine  Amadas :  wheere  wee  found  five  Chests,  that 
had  bene  carefully  hidden  of  the  Planters,  and  of  the 
same  chests  three  were  my  owne,  and  about  the  place 

VIII  417  2D 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

many  of  my  things  spoyled  and  broken,  and  my  bookes 
torne  from  the  covers,  the  frames  of  some  of  my  pic- 
tures and  Mappes  rotten  and  spoyled  with  rayne,  and 
my  armour  almost  eaten  through  with  rust ;  this  could 
bee  no  other  but  the  deede  of  the  Savages  our  enemies 
at  Dasamongwepeuk,  who  had  watched  the  departure 
of  our  men  to  Croatoan ;  and  assoone  as  they  were 
departed,  digged  up  every  place  where  they  suspected 
any  thing  to  be  buried :  but  although  it  much  grieved 
me  to  see  such  spoyle  of  my  goods,  yet  on  the  other 
side  I  greatly  joyed  that  I  had  safely  found  a  certaine 
token  of  their  safe  being  at  Croatoan,  which  is  the  place 
where  Manteo  was  borne,  and  the  Savages  of  the  Hand 
our  friends. 

When  we  had  seene  in  this  place  so  much  as  we  could, 
we  returned  to  our  Boates,  and  departed  from  the  shoare 
towards  our  Shippes,  with  as  much  speede  as  wee  could : 
For  the  weather  began ne  to  overcast,  and  very  likely 
that  a  foule  and  stormie  night  would  ensue.  Therefore 
the  same  Evening  with  much  danger  and  labour,  we 
got  our  selves  aboard,  by  which  time  the  winde  and 
seas  were  so  greatly  risen,  that  wee  doubted  our  Cables 
and  Anchors  would  scarcely  holde  untill  Morning : 
wherefore  the  Captaine  caused  the  Boate  to  be  manned 
with  five  lusty  men,  who  could  swimme  all  well,  and 
sent  them  to  the  little  Hand  on  the  right  hand  of  the 
Harbour,  to  bring  aboard  sixe  of  our  men,  who  had 
filled  our  caske  with  fresh  water :  the  Boate  the  same 
night  returned  aboard  with  our  men,  but  all  our  Caske 
ready  filled  they  left  behinde,  unpossible  to  bee  had 
aboard  without  danger  of  casting  away  both  men  and 
Boates :  for  this  night  prooved  very  stormie  and  foule. 
The  next  Morning  it  was  agreed  by  the  Captaine  and 
my  selfe,  with  the  Master  and  others,  to  wey  anchor, 
and  goe  for  the  place  at  Croatoan,  where  our  planters 
were :  for  that  then  the  winde  was  good  for  that  place, 
and  also  to  leave  that  Caske  with  fresh  water  on  shoare 
in  the  Hand  untill  our  returne.     So  then  they  brought 

418 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1590. 

the  cable  to  the  Capston,  but  when  the  anchor  was 
almost  apecke,  the  Cable  broke,  by  meanes  whereof  we 
lost  another  Anchor,  wherewith  we  drove  so  fast  into 
the  shoare,  that  wee  were  forced  to  let  fall  a  third 
Anchor :  which  came  so  fast  home  that  the  Shippe  was 
almost  aground  by  Kenricks  mounts :  so  that  wee  were 
forced  to  let  slippe  the  Cable  ende  for  ende.  And  if 
it  had  not  chanced  that  wee  had  fallen  into  a  chanell 
of  deeper  water,  closer  by  the  shoare  then  wee  accompted 
of,  wee  could  never  have  gone  cleare  of  the  poynt  that 
lyeth  to  the  Southwardes  of  Kenricks  mounts.  Being 
thus  cleare  of  some  dangers,  and  gotten  into  deeper 
waters,  but  not  without  some  losse :  for  wee  had  but 
one  Cable  and  Anchor  left  us  of  foure,  and  the  weather 
grew  to  be  fouler  and  fouler ;  our  victuals  scarse,  and 
our  caske  and  fresh  water  lost :  it  was  therefore  deter- 
mined that  we  should  goe  for  Saint  John  or  some  other 
Hand  to  the  Southward  for  fresh  water.  And  it  was 
further  purposed,  that  if  wee  could  any  wayes  supply 
our  wants  of  victuals  and  other  necessaries,  either  at 
Hispaniola,  Sant  John,  or  Trynidad,  that  then  wee 
should  continue  in  the  Indies  all  the  Winter  following, 
with  hope  to  make  2.  rich  voyages  of  one,  and  at  our 
returne  to  visit  our  countreymen  at  Virginia.  The 
captaine  and  the  whole  company  in  the  Admirall  (with 
my  earnest  petitions)  thereunto  agreed,  so  that  it  rested 
onely  to  knowe  what  the  Master  of  the  Moone-light 
our  consort  would  doe  herein.  But  when  we  demanded  The'^  leave 
them  if  they  would  accompany  us  in  that  new  deter-  ^f  '^°^^^  "f 
mination,  they  alledged  that  their  weake  and  leake  ^  ^^" 
Shippe  was  not  able  to  continue  it ;  wherefore  the 
same  night  we  parted,  leaving  the  Moone-light  to  goe 
directly  for  England,  and  the  Admirall  set  his  course 
for  Trynidad,  which  course  we  kept  two  dayes. 

On   the   28.  the  winde  changed,   and  it  was  sette  on  [III.  294.] 
foule  weather  every  way :    but  this  storme  brought  the 
winde  West  and   Northwest,  and  blewe  so  forcibly,  that 
wee  were  able  to    beare   no   sayle,   but    our    fore-course 

419 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

halfe  mast  high,  wherewith  wee  ranne  upon  the  winde 
perforce,  the  due  course  for  England,  for  that  wee 
were  driven  to  change  our  first  determination  for 
Trynidad,  and  stoode  for  the  Hands  of  A9ores,  where 
wee  purposed  to  take  in  fresh  water,  and  also  there 
hoped  to  meete  with  some  English  men  of  warre  about 
those  Hands,  at  whose  hands  wee  might  obtaine  some 
supply  of  our  wants.  And  thus  continuing  our  course 
for  the  A9ores,  sometimes  with  calmes,  and  sometimes 
with  very  scarce  windes,  on  the  fifteenth  of  September 
the  winde  came  South  Southeast,  and  blew  so  exceed- 
ingly, that  wee  were  forced  to  lye  atry  all  that  day. 
At  this  time  by  account  we  judged  our  selves  to  be 
about  twentie  leagues  to  the  West  of  Cuervo  and 
Flores,  but  about  night  the  storme  ceased,  and  fayre 
weather  ensued. 

On  Thursday  the  seventeenth  wee  saw  Cuervo  and 
Flores,  but  we  could  not  come  to  anker  that  night,  by 
reason  the  winde  shifted.  The  next  Morning  being  the 
eighteenth,  standing  in  againe  with  Cuervo,  we  escryed 
a  sayle  ahead  us,  to  whom  we  gave  chase :  but  when 
wee  came  neere  him,  we  knew  him  to  be  a  Spanyard, 
and  hoped  to  make  sure  purchase  of  him :  but  we 
understood  at  our  speaking  with  him,  that  he  was  a 
prize,  and  of  the  Domingo  fleete  already  taken  by  the 
John  our  consort,  in  the  Indies.  We  learned  also  of 
this  prize,  that  our  Viceadmirall  and  Pinnesse  had 
fought  with  the  rest  of  the  Domingo  fleete,  and  had 
forced  them  with  their  Admirall  to  flee  unto  Jamaica 
under  the  Fort  for  succour,  and  some  of  them  ran 
themselves  aground,  whereof  one  of  them  they  brought 
away,  and  tooke  out  of  some  others  so  much  as  the 
time  would  permit.  And  further  wee  understood  of 
them,  that  in  their  returne  from  Jamaica  about  the 
Organes  neere  Cape  Saint  Anthony,  our  Viceadmirall 
mette  with  two  Shippes  of  the  mayne  land,  come  from 
Mexico,  bound  for  Havana,  with  whom  he  fought :  in 
which    fight    our    Viceadmirals    Lieutenant    was    slaine, 

420 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 

and   the   Captaines  right  arme   strooken   off,  with  foure 

other   of  his  men  slaine,  and  sixteene  hurt.     But  in  the 

ende   he   entred,  and  tooke  one  of  the  Spanish  shippes, 

which  was   so   sore  shot  by  us  under  water,  that  before 

they  could   take   out    her    treasure   she   sunke ;    so    that 

we  lost  thirteene  Pipes  of  silver  which  sunke  with  her,   1 3-  P'^P'^  tf 

besides    much    other    rich    marchandize.     And    in    the  "'^'^'• 

meane    time    the    other    Spanish    shippe    being    pearced 

with   nine    shotte    under    water,    got   away ;    whom    our 

Viceadmirall    intended    to    pursue:    but    some    of  their 

men  in  the  toppe  made  certaine  rockes,  which  they  saw 

above  water  neere   the  shoare,  to  be  Gallies  of  Havana 

and  Cartagena,  comming  from  Havana  to  rescue  the  two 

Ships ;   Wherefore  they  gave  over  their  chase,  and  went 

for  England.     After  this  intelligence  was  given  us  by  this 

our  prize,  he  departed  from  us,  and  went  for  England. 

On  Saturday  the  19.  of  September  we  came  to  an 
Ancre  neere  a  small  village  on  the  North  side  of  Flores, 
where  we  found  ryding  5.  English  men  of  warre,  of 
whom  wee  understood  that  our  Viceadmirall  and  Prize 
were  gone  thence  for  England.  One  of  these  five  was 
the  Moonelight  our  consort,  who  upon  the  first  sight 
of  our  comming  into  Flores,  set  sayle  and  went  for 
England,  not  taking  any  leave  of  us. 

On  Sunday  the  20.  the  Mary  Rose,  Admirall  of  the 
Queenes  fleete,  wherein  was  Generall  Sir  John  Hawkins, 
stood  in  with  Flores,  and  divers  other  of  the  Queenes 
ships,  namely  the  Hope,  the  Nonpareilia,  the  Rainebow, 
the  Swift-sure,  the  Foresight,  with  many  other  good 
merchants  ships  of  warre,  as  the  Edward  Bonaventure, 
the  Marchant  Royal,  the  Amitie,  the  Eagle,  the 
Dainty  of  sir  John  Hawkins,  and  many  other  good 
ships  and  pinnesses,  all  attending  to  meete  with  the 
king  of  Spaines  fleete,  comming  from  Terra  firma  of 
the  West  Indies. 

The  22.  of  September  we  went  aboard  the  Rayne- 
bow,  and  towards  night  we  spake  with  the  Swift-sure, 
and    gave    him    3.    pieces.     The    captaines    desired    our 

421 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

company ;  wherefore  we  willingly  attended  on  them : 
who  at  this  time  with  10.  other  ships  stood  for  Faial. 
But  the  Generall  with  the  rest  of  the  Fleete  were 
separated  from  us,  making  two  fleetes,  for  the  surer 
meeting  with  the  Spanish  fleete. 

On  Wednesday  the  23.  we  saw  Gratiosa,  where  the 
Admiral  and  the  rest  of  the  Queens  fleete  were  come 
together.  The  Admirall  put  forth  a  flag  of  counsel, 
in  which  was  determined  that  the  whole  fleete  should 
go  for  the  mayne,  and  spred  themselves  on  the  coasts 
of  Spaine  and  Portugal,  so  farre  as  conveniently  they 
might,  for  the  surer  meeting  of  the  Spanish  fleete  in 
those  parts. 

The  26.  we  came  to  Faial,  where  the  Admiral  with 
some  other  of  the  fleete  ankred,  othersome  plyed  up 
and  downe  betweene  that  and  the  Pico  untill  midnight, 
at  which  time  the  Antony  shot  ofi^  a  piece  and  weyed, 
shewing  his  light :  after  whom  the  whole  fleete  stood 
to  the  East,  the  winde  at  Northeast  by  East. 

On  Sunday  the  27.  towards  Evening  wee  tooke  our 
[III.  295.]  leave  of  the  Admirall  and  the  whole  fleete,  who  stood 
to  the  East.  But  our  shippe  accompanied  with  a  Fly- 
boate  stoode  in  againe  with  S.  George,  where  we  pur- 
posed to  take  in  more  fresh  water,  and  some  other 
fresh  victuals. 

On  Wednesday  the  30.  of  September,  seeing  the 
winde  hang  so  Northerly,  that  wee  could  not  atteine 
the  Hand  of  S.  George,  we  gave  over  our  purpose  to 
water  there,  and  the  next  day  framed  our  due  course 
for  England. 

October. 

THe    2.    of    October    in     the    Morning    we    saw    S. 
Michaels  Hand  on   our   Starre   board  quarter. 
The   23.   at    10.   of  the   clocke   afore   noone,  we    saw 
Ushant  in  Britaigne. 

On  Saturday  the  24.  we  came  in  safetie,  God  be 
thanked,  to  an  anker  at  Plymmouth. 

422 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO 


A.D. 
1524. 


Certaine  Voyages  to  Florida,  and  the  later  and 
more  perfect  Discoveries  thereof,  to  wit,  of 
all  the  Seacoasts,  Rivers,  Bayes,  Havens,  Isles, 
and  Maine  Landes  farre  up  into  the  Countrey, 
and  a  Report  of  some  Colonies  and  Fortes 
there  planted  and  displanted,  with  a  Descrip- 
tion of  the  Government,  Disposition  and 
Qualitie  of  the  Naturall  Inhabitants,  and  a 
Declaration  of  the  Temperature  of  the  Cli- 
mate, and  of  the  manifolde  good  Commodities 
found  in  those  Regions. 

To  the  most  Christian  King  of  France, 
Francis  the  first. 

The  relation  of  John  de   Verrazzano    a    Florentine,    of 

the  land  by    him    discovered    in    the    name    of  his 

Majestie.  Written    in    Diepe    the    eight    of  July, 
1524.' 


Wrote  not  to  your  Majesty,  most 
Christian  king,  since  the  time  we  suf- 
fered the  tempest  in  the  North  partes, 
of  the  successe  of  the  foure  Shippes, 
which  your  Majestie  sent  forth  to  dis- 
cover new  lands  by  the  Ocean,  thinking 
your  Majestie  had  bene  already  duely 
enformed  thereof.  Now  by  these  presents  I  will  give 
your  Majestie  to  understand,  how  by  the  violence  of 
the  windes  we  were  forced  with  the  two  ships,  the 
Norman  and  the  Dolphin  (in  such  evill  case  as  they 
were)  to  land  in  Britaine.  Where  after  wee  had  re- 
payred  them  in  all  poynts  as  was  needefuU,  and  armed 
them  very  well,  we  tooke  our  course  along  by  the 
coast  of  Spaine,  which  your  Majestie  shall  understand 
by  the  profite  that  we  received  thereby.  Afterwards 
with  the  Dolphin  alone  we   determined    to   make    dis- 

423 


A.D. 
1524. 


The  Isle  of 
Madera. 


They  discover 
land. 


[III.  296.] 


THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

coverie  of  new  Countries,  to  prosecute  the  navigation 
we  had  already  begun,  which  I  purpose  at  this  present 
to  recount  unto  your  Majestic  to  make  manifest  the 
whole  proceeding  of  the  matter. 

The  17.  of  January  the  yeere  1524.  by  the  grace 
of  God  we  departed  from  the  dishabited  rocke  by  the 
isle  of  Madera,  apperteining  to  the  king  of  Portugal, 
with  50.  men,  with  victuals,  weapons,  and  other  ship- 
munition  very  well  provided  &  furnished  for  8. 
moneths :  And  sayling  Westwards  with  a  faire  Easterly 
winde,  in  25.  dayes  we  ran  500.  leagues,  and  the  20. 
of  Februarie  we  were  overtaken  with  as  sharpe  and 
terrible  a  tempest  as  ever  any  saylers  suffered :  whereof 
with  the  divine  helpe  and  mercifuU  assistance  of  Al- 
mighty God,  and  the  goodnesse  of  our  shippe,  accom- 
panied with  the  good  happe  of  her  fortunate  name,  we 
were  delivered,  and  with  a  prosperous  winde  followed 
our  course  West  and  by  North.  And  in  other  25. 
dayes  we  made  above  400.  leagues  more,  where  we 
discovered  a  new  land,  never  before  scene  of  any  man 
cither  ancient  or  moderne,  and  at  the  first  sight  it 
seemed  somewhat  low,  but  being  within  a  quarter  of  a 
league  of  it,  we  perceived  by  the  great  fires  that  we 
saw  by  the  Sea  coast,  that  it  was  inhabited :  and  saw 
that  the  landc  stretched  to  the  Southwards.  In  seeking 
some  convenient  Harborough  wherein  to  anchor  and  to 
have  knowledge  of  the  place,  we  saylcd  fiftie  leagues 
in  vainc,  and  seeing  the  land  to  runne  still  to  the 
Southwards,  we  resolved  to  returne  backe  againe  towards 
the  North,  where  wee  found  our  selves  troubled  with 
the  like  difficultie.  At  length  being  in  despaire  to  finde 
any  Port,  wee  cast  anchor  upon  the  coast,  and  sent 
our  Boate  to  shore,  where  we  saw  great  store  of  people 
which  came  to  the  Sea  side ;  and  seeing  us  approch, 
they  fled  away,  and  sometimes  would  stand  still  and 
looke  backe,  beholding  us  with  great  admiration :  but 
afterwards  being  animated  and  assured  with  signes  that 
we  made  them,  some  of   them   came  hard    to    the    Sea 

424 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO  a.d. 

1524. 

side,  seeming  to  rejoyce  very  much  at  the  sight  of  us, 
and  marveiling  greatly  at  our  apparel,  shape  and  white- 
nesse,  shewed  us  by  sundry  signes  where  we  might 
most  commodiously  come  aland  with  our  Boat,  offering 
us  also  of  their  victuals  to  eate.  Now  I  wil  briefly 
declare  to  your  Majestie  their  life  and  maners,  as  farre 
as  we  could  have  notice  thereof:  These  people  goe 
altogether  naked,  except  only  that  they  cover  their 
privie  parts  with  certaine  skins  of  beasts  like  unto 
Marterns,  which  they  fasten  unto  a  narrow  girdle  made 
of  grasse  very  artificially  wrought,  hanged  about  with 
tayles  of  divers  other  beastes,  which  round  about  their 
