SOURCE URL: https://www.npshistory.com/publications/fora/hrs.pdf
FETCHED VIA: https://www.npshistory.com/publications/fora/hrs.pdf
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14 05:59 UTC
CONTENT-TYPE: application/pdf
SIZE: 3451377 bytes
==============================================================================

--- page 1 ---


--- page 2 ---
CONTENTS
Figure Credits
List of Figures
Foreword
iv
Acknowledgements
Introduction
Chapter One: The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
9
Associated Properties
28
Registration Requirements/Integrity
29
Contributing Resources
30
Potentially Eligible Archeological Resources
30
Chapter Two:
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
Associated Properties
Registration Requirements/Integrity
Noncontributing Resources
Potentially Eligible Archeological Resources
Chapter Three: Fort Raleigh National Historic Site:
Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
Associated Properties
Registration Requirements/Integrity
Contributing Resources
Noncontributing Resources
Potentially Eligible Archeological Resources
31
54
55
57
57
59
91
93
97
97
97
Management Recommendations
Bibliography
99
101
Appendix A: Descriptions of Historic Resources
Appendix B: Property Map/Historical Base Map
Appendix C: National Register Documentation
Index
A-l
B-l
C-1
D-l
V
vii
ix
1
iii


--- page 3 ---
FIGURE CREDITS
Cover, 15, 17, 22: courtesy of Harpers Ferry Center, National Park Service; pp. 10, 12, 13, 16, 23: Charles W.
Porter III, Adventurers to a New World; pp. 22, 27: Theodore De Bry, Thomas Hariot’s Virginia; pp. 35,39,41:
courtesy of the Outer Banks History Center, Manteo, NC; pp. 37, 38: Samuel H. Putnam, The Story of Company
A, Twenty-Fifth Regiment, Massachusetts Volunteers, in the War of the Rebellion; p. 43: Vincent Colyer, Report
of the Services Rendered by the Freed People to the United States Army, in North Carolina; pp. 44, 46, 47: Joe A.
Mobley, James City, A Black Community in North Carolina, 1863-1900; pp. 55, 67, 81: S. Bulter for the National
Park Service; pp. 61, 66, 78: William S. Powell, Paradise Preserved, A History of the Roanoke Island Historical
Association; pp. 72, 73, 74, 79, 82, 83, 85, 86, 87, 88: Fort Raleigh National Historic Site archives; P. 80:
Franklin D. Roosevelt Library; p. 81: Steve Harrison for National Park Service; p. 96: Merel S. Sager and others,
“Report on Recommendations for Boundaries of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore,” National Park Service.
iv


--- page 4 ---
F I G U R E S
FIGURE 1. QUEEN ELIZABETH
FIGURE 2. SIR HUMPHREY GILBERT
FIGURE 3. SIR WALTER RALEIGH
FIGURE 4. NATIVE AMERICAN VILLAGE OF SECOTAN
FIGURE 5. NATIVE AMERICAN VILLAGE OF POMEIOOC
FIGURE 6. SIR RICHARD GRENVILLE
FIGURE 7. FORTIFIED ENCAMPMENT, PUERTO RICO. RALPH LANE’S FORTIFIACTION ON ROANOKE ISLAND
PROBABLY RESEMBLED THESE EARTHWORKS
FIGURE 8. C. 1590 ENGRAVING BY THEODORE DE BRY BASED ON JOHN WHITE’s WATERCOLOR MAP
FIGURE 9. NATIVE AMERICANS FISHING. C. 1590 THEODORE DE BRY ENGRAVING BASED ON JOHN WHITE’s
WATERCOLOR
FIGURE 10. NATIVE AMERICAN WOMAN AND GIRL WITHENGLISH DOLL
10
12
13
15
15
16
17
20
22
23
FIGURE 11. C. 1590 ENGRAVING BY THEODORE DE BRY ENTILTED “THE ARRIVAL OF ENGLISHEMN IN VIRGINIA.”
BASED ON JOHN WHITE’S WATERCOLOR MAP
27
FIGURE 12. MAP OF ROANOKE ISLAND AND THE CONFEDERATE FORTS
35
FIGURE 13. BRIG. GEN. A. E. BURNSIDE
37
FIGURE 14. THE UNION FLEET OFF HATTERAS
38
FIGURE 15. THE LANDING OF UNION TROOPS
38
FIGURE 16. THE CAPTURE OF ROANOKE ISLAND BY UNION FORCES
39
FIGURE 17. CONFEDERATE CAMP CAPTURED BYUNION FORCES
41
FIGURE 18. FREEDMEN BUILDING FORTIFICATIONS
43
FIGURE 19. “INDUSTRY OF THE WOMEN AND CHILDREN”
43
FIGURE 20. HORACE JAMES
44
FIGURE 21. FREEDMEN’S COMMUNITY NEARNEW BERN
46
FIGURE 22. A TYPICAL SCHOOL ESTABLISHED BY THEFREEDMEN’S BUREAU DURING THE CIVIL WAR
47
FIGURE 23. DOUGH FAMILY CEMETERY
55
FIGURE 24. JOHN COLLET MAP OF 1770
61
FIGURE 25. LAND SOLD TO THE ROANOKE COLONY MEMORIAL ASSOCIATION
66
FIGURE 26. RALEIGH COLONY/VIRGINIA DARE MONUMENT, 1990
67
FIGURE 27. ENTRANCE TO FORT RALEIGH, JANUARY 1938
72
FIGURE 28. CAPT. JEFF HAYMAN, CARETAKER AT FORT RALEIGH, MAY 1938
72
FIGURE 29. WPA-RECONSTRUCTED FORT RALEIGH, JANUARY 1938
73
FIGURE 30. CHAPEL AT FORT RALEIGH, 1938
74
V


--- page 5 ---
FIGURE 31. CHAPEL INTERIOR, 1938
74
FIGURE 32. MUSEUM AT FORT RALEIGH, C. 1937
74
FIGURE 33. CCC CAMP AT FORT RALEIGH
78
FIGURE 34. BUILDING THE WATERSIDE THEATER CONSTRUCTED BY THE WPA. JUNE 1937
79
FIGURE 35. FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT AT FORT RALEIGH, AUGUST 18, 1937
80
FIGURE 36. FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT AT THE VIRGINIA DARE CEREMONIES, AUGUST 18, 1937
80
FIGURE 37. FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT THEATER MARKER, 1990
81
FIGURE 38. F.D.R. MARKER, 1997
81
FIGURE 39. WATERSIDE THEATER FIRE DAMAGE, JULY 1947
82
FIGURE 40. REBUILDING THE WATERSIDE THEATER, JULY 1947
82
FIGURE 41. DAMAGE TO WATERSIDE THEATER CAUSED BY HURRICANE DONNA, OCTOBER 13, 1960
83
FIGURE 42. DAMAGE TO WATERSIDE THEATER CAUSED BY HURRICANE DONNA, OCTOBER 14, 1960
83
FIGURE 43. REBUILDING THE WATERSIDE THEATER AFTER HURRICANE DONNA, OCTOBER 1961
83
FIGURE 44. RECONSTRUCTING FORT RALEIGH, C. 1950
85
FIGURE 45. RECONSTRUCTING FORT RALEIGH, C. 1950
85
FIGURE 46. RECONSTRUCTED EARTHWORK FORT, LATE 1950s
86
FIGURE 47. FORMER ENTRANCE TOFORT RALEIGH, FEBRUARY 1960
86
FIGURE 48. FORMER ENTRANCE TOFORT RALEIGH, FEBRUARY 1960
87
FIGURE 49. J. C. HARRINGTON WORKING ON EXCAVATIONS ATFORT RALEIGH, OCTOBER 1965
88
FIGURE 50. MISSION 66 PROJECT AT FORT RALEIGH, MARCH 1962
88
FIGURE 51. CAMP WIRTH, C. 1938
96
vi


--- page 6 ---
FOREWORD
We are pleased to make available this historic resource study, part of our ongoing effort to
provide comprehensive documentation for all the historic structures and landscapes of National
Park Service units in the Southeast Region. Following a field survey of park resources and
extensive research, the project team updated the park’s List of Classified Structures, developed
historic contexts, and prepared new National Register of Historic Places documentation. Many
individuals and institutions contributed to the successful completion of this work. I would
particularly like to thank former Cape Hatteras Group Superintendents Russell W. Berry, Jr.,
and Bob Reynolds, former Assistant Superintendent Mary Collier, and Resource Manager
Steve Harrison for their assistance. Much of the research for this study was accomplished
pursuant to a cooperative agreement with the Georgia Trust for Historic Preservation. We hope
that this study will prove valuable to park management and others in understanding and
interpreting the historical significance of the park’s cultural resources.
Kirk A. Cordell
Chief, Cultural Resources Stewardship
Southeast Regional Office
November 1999
vii


--- page 7 ---
A C K N O W L E D G M E N T S
The faculty and graduate students in the School of Environment Design, University of Georgia,
first prepared the initial draft of this study under a cooperative agreement with the National Park
Service (NPS). The principal investigator and the original author of the report was William
Chapman, Ph.D., an anthropologist, historic preservationist, and former faculty member at the
University of Georgia, with considerable experience at the local, state, and national level in
surveying and evaluating historic structures. He is currently director of the Historic Preservation
program and a faculty member in the Department of American Studies, College of Arts and
Humanities, University of Hawaii at Manoa. Ian Firth, a faculty member at the University of
Georgia, provided assistance with this project, furnishing insight and advice on landscape features
in particular. He is a recognized authority on cultural landscapes and a frequent consultant to the
National Park Service. The survey team, including Chapman, Firth, and three graduate students,
Cathleen Turner, Deborah Ruston, and Scott Butler, photographed and measured each structure in
April 1990.
National Park Service staff were extremely helpful throughout the project. Bebe Woody, former
Cultural Resources Specialist, Mary Moran, Management Assistant at Fort Raleigh, and Len Brown
and Kirk Cordell, of the former Cultural Resources Planning Division in the Southeast Regional
Office (SERO) of the National Park Service in Atlanta, all assisted in the production of this study.
Basic background information was provided by Kirk Cordell and Len Brown. Cape Hatteras and
Fort Raleigh personnel, including Mary Moran, Bebe Woody, Bernie Weisgerber, David Frum,
Hugo Desch, and Steve Harrison, gave advice and supplied useful information. Bebe Woody, in
particular, was indispensable to the success of this report. She provided both material and insight
on the park that added greatly to the understanding of its significance and the importance of its
resources. Thomas L. Hartman, former superintendent at Cape Hatteras, was most cooperative and
helpful with time and information. Ruthanne Mitchell and Karen Rehm (formerly with the SERO,
NPS) provided additional advice on LCS forms and inventory procedures. Christine Trebellas, of
the Southeast Regional Office, National Park Service, conducted additional research and completed
the study by writing the second context and substantially revising the first. Bennie Keel, with the
Southeast Archeological Center (SEAC), National Park Service, and Nicholas M. Luccketti and
William M. Kelso, with the Association for the Preservation of Virginia Antiquities (APVA),
provided her with useful information and considerable insight concerning the recent archeological
investigations at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site. David C. Hasty, a historical landscape
architect with the Southeast Regional Office, National Park Service, prepared the historical base
maps.
ix


--- page 8 ---
INTRODUCTION
Fort Raleigh
1 National Historic Site commemorates the first English attempts at establishing a
colony in the New World. Beginning in 1584, Sir Walter Raleigh organized a series of
expeditions to North America to explore the coast and search for a suitable location to found a
settlement. In 1584 the Amadas and Barlowe expedition discovered Roanoke Island, which
became the locale of Ralph Lane’s fort in 1585-1586 and the “Cittie of Ralegh,” or Roanoke
colony of 1587. Although these settlements were ultimately unsuccessful, they set the
precedent for future English colonization attempts in North America, including the founding of
Jamestown in 1607.
DESCRIPTION OF FORT RALEIGH NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE
The national historic site (NHS), which includes a reconstructed fortification and a monument
commemorating the Roanoke colonists, is located on the northern end of Roanoke Island. This
forested island, now part of Dare County, North Carolina, is located between a series of barrier
islands and the mainland of North Carolina. In 1990 the U.S. Congress expanded the historic
themes, purpose, and authorized boundary of the park to include a total of 512.93 acres,
although only 355.45 acres are federally-owned; the State of North Carolina owns 18.09 acres,
and the remaining 139.39 acres are in private hands.² The historic site lies approximately three
miles north of the small commercial center of Manteo and eight and a half miles northwest of
the town of Wanchese. It is accessible from US 64/264, which intersects the property at the
south end. US 64 is the primary road from the mainland to the Outer Banks and, since the
1920s, the principal communication route to Roanoke Island. An access road off of US 64/264
1A note on the name “Fort Raleigh:” Ralph Lane, governor of the 1585-6 colony, referred to the fortification
built by his soldiers on the north end of Roanoke Island as “the new fort in Virginia.” The charter for the 1587 colony
called the settlement “The Cittie of Ralegh.” In the nineteenth century, the fortification on the north end of the island
was referred to as “Sir Walter Raleigh’s fort,” “Lane’s fort,” “Master Ralph Layne’s stronghold and the City of
Raleigh,” or “Raleigh’s ‘New Fort in Virginia.’“ “Fort Raleigh” is largely a late nineteenth-century designation used to
describe this remaining fortification (see Chapter 3).
2“Revised Statement for Management, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, National Park Service, 1994,”
National Park Service, U.S. Department of the Interior, 10.
The North Carolina Department of Transportation maintains a small picnic area and rest stop along US 64/264
on the state-owned tract within the park boundary.


--- page 9 ---
2
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
leads to the administrative offices, visitor center, and parking lot. A paved pathway steers
visitors to the reconstructed fort, an early commemorative marker, and the Waterside Theater.
Additional features include a park roadway leading to the maintenance facilities, park quarters,
and the Dough cemetery-a graveyard for members of the Dough family who once owned
property now included within the historic site.
The Fort Raleigh National Historic Site has an essentially park-like quality, with forest cover,
wetlands, and landscaped grounds as well as asphalt drives and parking facilities. The north
end of the irregularly shaped site overlooks the Roanoke Sound, whose shoreline is a sandy
embankment threatened by severe erosion. Although sandy, the soil is productive in areas
where there is a build-up of organic material. The elevation varies from sea level to
approximately twenty feet above sea level.³ Most of the NHS is wooded, though there are
several open expanses, including highly maintained mowed areas in the vicinity of the
Waterside Theater, the visitor center, the reconstructed fort, and the western edge of the park
near the Dough cemetery. The additional property acquired in 1990 has not been developed
except for clearing an abandoned, unpaved roadway to serve as a visitor’s trail.4 Another
pedestrian trail, the Thomas Hariot Nature Trail, winds through the wooded area adjacent to
the theater and reconstructed fort and is intended to suggest the character of the landscape prior
to European colonization. The site also contains a variety of both native and exotic plant
specimens, principally live oaks, jack oaks, and other evergreen and deciduous trees and
shrubs, including holly, wax myrtle, and wild olive.
Despite several unsuccessful attempts by Sir Walter Raleigh to establish a permanent colony,
Roanoke Island remained largely inhabited by the Roanoke Indians until the seventeenth
century, when colonists began occupying previously “unsettled” areas of Virginia. In 1654
Francis Yeardley of Virginia arranged with “the great emperor of Rhoanoke [Roanoke]” for
the Native American population to move inland and allow Virginians to inhabit the coastal
area. Nine years later, in 1663, the Lords Proprietors of Carolina received their royal charter
and began granting land in the upper coastal region of present-day North Carolina.5
Throughout the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries, the Lords Proprietors urged
their representatives in Carolina to build a town on Roanoke Island. Indeed, in 1676 they
wanted the chief town of the colony built on the island because of its proximity to Roanoke
³“Revised Statement for Management, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1994,” 8.
4Ibid., 9-10.
5David Stick, The Outer Banks of North Carolina (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina, 1958), 314.


--- page 10 ---
Introduction
3
Inlet, which was used by most vessels entering Carolina at that time. The Lords Proprietors’
efforts, however, were unsuccessful, and a real town was not established until Dare County
was formed in the late nineteenth century.
6 Nonetheless, despite the lack of a town, a large
portion of Roanoke Island was settled by the nineteenth century. According to the 1850
census, 610 people lived on the island, many of whom were farmers living near communities
on the northern or southern end of the island.
7
Roanoke Island also played an important role during the Civil War. Confederate forces erected
extensive fortifications along the northwestern shoreline of the island. Federal troops
commanded by General Ambrose Burnside, however, captured the island in 1862, and with it
gained control of those areas of eastern North Carolina along the Albemarle Sound. Following
the fall of the island, thousands of freed slaves or runaways converged on the area and
Island was once again the site of several experiments. Rather than colonization attempts,
investigations conducted by Reginald Aubrey Fessenden at the northern end of the island
represented important advances in radio technology. The cultural resources associated with
these topics, however, are largely archaeological in nature and merit further investigation.9
Little attention was paid to the site of the first English settlement in the New World until after
the Civil War. In the 1880s and 1890s several local organizations formed to preserve and
commemorate the celebrated site of the Roanoke colonies and their associated fortification, by
then commonly referred to as Fort Raleigh. The North Carolina Historical Commission took
control of the site as a state park in 1934, and began receiving federal funds to commemorate
and reconstruct the early English settlement. The federal government increased its commitment
to the Fort Raleigh site in 1939, when ownership of the area was transferred to the National
Park Service [NPS]. Two years later, the Fort Raleigh National Historic Site was established to
commemorate Sir Walter Raleigh’s colonies and the birthplace of Virginia Dare, the first child
of English parents born in America.
In the past decades, Congress has expanded the boundary and legislated purpose of the Fort
Raleigh National Historic Site to include areas associated with the Civil War, the Freedman’s
Bureau, and early experiments in radio technology. The park’s authorized boundary currently
6Ibid., 314-6.
7Ibid., 72, 89, 316.
8Ibid., 136-48, 315.
9“Revised Statement for Management, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1994,” 9.
established a community on the northern end of the island.8 Almost fifty years later, Roanoke


--- page 11 ---
4
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
encompasses 512.93 acres; land transfers and purchases, the most recent in 1990, have brought
NPS ownership at the site to 355.45 acres. Recognizing the need for further research, the
National Park Service has continued to conduct archeological investigations over the years to
search for the location of the early English settlement and improve its interpretation.
SCOPE AND PURPOSE OF HISTORIC RESOURCE STUDY
This Historic Resource Study (HRS) documents the historic buildings, structures, and other
cultural features within the Fort Raleigh National Historic Site on Roanoke Island, North
Carolina. The study establishes and documents historic contexts associated with the NHS and
evaluates the extent to which the surviving structures represent those contexts. The completed
HRS will serve as a tool for future site planning, resource management, and the continuing
development of interpretive programs at the park.
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places with
the passage of the National Historic Preservation Act on October 15, 1966. National Register
documentation for the site was accepted in 1972. Further information and revisions were
submitted in 1978. Classified for National Register purposes as a site, only approximately 14
acres of the 512.93-acre NHS are listed. This study evaluates the surviving historic structures
according to the established historic contexts and determines which resources are eligible for
the National Register. This HRS confirms the eligibility of one structure, the Fort Raleigh
Reconstructed Earthwork Fort, and identifies three additional National-Register eligible
objects, the Roanoke Colony/Virginia Dare Monument, the F.D.R. Marker, and the Franklin D.
Roosevelt Theater Marker. The National Register boundary has been expanded to include the
Waterside Theater, the historic setting of the Franklin D. Roosevelt Theater Marker. The
Waterside Theater itself lacks sufficient integrity to qualify as a contributing feature.
Conducted in compliance with Sections 106 and 110 of the National Historic Preservation Act
of 1966, as amended, and as set out in 36 CFR Parts 63 and 800, the preliminary draft of this
study was a product of a cooperative agreement between the University of Georgia Research
Foundation and the Southeast Support Office of the National Park Service, United States
Department of the Interior (Cooperative Agreement Number 5000-8-8009, Sub-Agreement
Number 5).
SUMMARY OF IDENTIFICATION AND EVALUATION METHODS
Survey Methodology
Goals of the historic resource survey of the NHS are to 1) update the List of Classified
Structures (LCS) database; 2) prepare a Historic Resource Study for the site; 3) update


--- page 12 ---
Introduction
5
National Register documentation; and 4) assemble a comprehensive survey of structures
consisting of completed North Carolina State Historic Preservation Office (SHPO) survey
forms, and, when applicable, a photographic record of each structure over fifty years of age
and considered eligible for the National Register. This will be used in complying with Sections
106 and 110 of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966.
The Fort Raleigh historic resource survey concentrated on several sites and structures. The Fort
Raleigh Reconstructed Earthwork Fort and the Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument were
considered at various levels of significance. The Dough Cemetery was considered, but the lack
of related structures to establish it within a context diminished its significance. The Waterside
Theater was generally thought to have some historical interest, although its relatively late date
of construction affected its eligibility. Resources associated with the Civil War and the
Freedmen’s Colony are primarily archeological in nature and warrant further investigation.
The Elizabethan Gardens are excluded from this study because they lie outside of the park’s
boundary. Although the National Park Service owns the land surrounding the Elizabethan
Gardens, the gardens themselves are the property of the Roanoke Island Historical Association.
They are, therefore, not included in the documentation of cultural resources on property owned
by the National Park Service.
The University of Georgia survey team, composed of William Chapman, Ian Firth, Cathleen
Turner, Deborah Ruston, and Scott Butler, examined building files, maintenance records, and
maps located at the park headquarters, and reviewed historic research compiled by park staff.
A field survey of the park (conducted in 1990) yielded information on the current condition of
the historic resources. This field research was supplemented by a review of archival materials
at the Southeast Regional Office of the National Park Service. Research of primary and
secondary materials and other published materials was conducted at the University of Georgia
libraries as well as at other university libraries. In addition, the survey team photocopied
maintenance records, historic photographs, manuscripts, management planning documents,
and site plans located at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site. They also made blueprints of
larger construction drawings and plans, including successive plans for the theater. Overall, this
material proved useful in dating properties and developing conceptual and historical
frameworks for evaluation. Christine Trebellas, an architectural historian in the NPS Southeast
Regional Office (SERO), conducted additional research at university libraries and archives,
substantially revised the first context, wrote the second chapter of the study, and made
additions and corrections to the third. In consultation with historians and architectural
historians in the SERO, she also evaluated the eligibility of historic resources in the park
according to the National Register criteria.


--- page 13 ---
6
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Determination of Historic Contexts
This study relies on the context approach to assess and evaluate properties as set out in
National Register of Historic Places Bulletins 15 and 16 (now published as Bulletins 16A and
16B). As described in Bulletin 15, “to qualify for the National Register, a property must be
significant; that is, it must represent a significant part of the history, architecture, archeology,
engineering, and culture of an area, and it must have characteristics that make it a good
representative of properties associated with that aspect of the past.”10 To assess significance, all
properties must be judged against already established or newly recognized contexts for the
purpose of the report.
Roanoke Island has a rich and diverse past, ranging from its occupation by prehistoric Native
American groups, to the founding of the first English colony in the New World, to an early
Freedmen’s colony, to Fessenden’s important experiments in radio technology. This HRS
recognizes these significant aspects of the island’s development and relies on a variety of new
and established contexts. These contexts comprise the following chapters of this study:
Chapter One: The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
Chapter Two: The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
Chapter Three: Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-
1953
These contexts link the park’s resources with its expanded purpose, which includes the
preservation and interpretation of the first English colony in the New World, and the history of
Native Americans, European Americans, and African Americans who lived on Roanoke
Island. The context approach also allowed for the expansion of the time periods originally
conceived for the report and enabled the identification of three more recent resources as
significant, and therefore eligible for listing in the National Register. In addition, this
technique, especially as applied at the NHS, helped to underscore the overall significance of
later, essentially “preservation” contributions to a site originally valued for its association with
the early colonization and settlement period in American history. Efforts of national and local
organizations, federal programs, and the National Park Service had important, now historic,
impacts on the site, which were identified through the context approach. This led to an
understanding of the layering of significance, which contributes further to the rich historical
associations of the site and its overall significance.
10National Register Bulletin 15: How to Apply the National Register Criteria for Evaluation (National Park
Service, U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S. Government Printing Office, 1991), 7.


--- page 14 ---
Introduction
7
The first chapter addresses the long-recognized context for Fort Raleigh National Historic Site,
“English Exploration and Settlement on Roanoke Island and the Outer Banks of North
Carolina, 1585-1590,” and describes the unsuccessful English colonies on the island. This
context is related to the National Park Service theme of Peopling Places, as well as certain
aspects of North Carolina history, such as English Exploration and Settlement of the Carolinas.
Chapter Two deals with the departure of Native Americans from Roanoke Island and the
settlement of European Americans in the area. It also examines the island’s significance during
the Civil War—as part of a military campaign and as the site of a Freedmen’s colony. Lastly,
the chapter discusses Reginald A. Fessenden’s radio experiments in wireless communication,
which led to the development of modem radio transmissions. These contexts contain elements
from many themes, including Peopling Places, Shaping the Political Landscape, and
Expanding Science and Technology. North Carolina themes include Settlement of North
Carolina 1660-1776, War in the East: North Carolina, Technology (Engineering and
Invention), and The African American Experience in North Carolina 1660-1940. The third
chapter addresses the early preservation and commemoration of the Roanoke colonies and the
fortification known as Fort Raleigh, as well as its connection to national preservation
movements. This context relates to the themes of Creating Social Institutions and Movements
and Expressing Cultural Values. It also reflects certain aspects of North Carolina history, such
as Historic Preservation and Social and Humanitarian Movements.
HISTORICAL BASE MAP
All properties surveyed as part of this study are indicated on the accompanying base map,
which shows existing conditions as well as the locations of extant historic structures and their
relationship to other features. A map of Fort Raleigh National Historic Site shows the division
of federal, state, and privately owned property within the historic site.


--- page 15 ---
CHAPTER 1:
THE ROANOKE COLONIES
AND FORT RALEIGH, C. 1584-1590
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site commemorates the first English attempts at establishing a
settlement in North America. The present area incorporated within the National Historic Site
(NHS) includes a portion, at least, of the celebrated site of the Roanoke colonies, a series of
abortive efforts sponsored by Sir Walter Raleigh and others to establish a permanent English
colony in the New World. The result of early exploratory efforts beginning with the Amadas
and Barlowe expedition of 1584, the Roanoke· settlement or the “Cittie of Ralegh” was
chartered in 1587 and found abandoned in 1590. It included several dwellings, a “science
center,” and a fort constructed by colonists and soldiers under the supervision of Ralph Lane,
the governor of the 1585-1586 expedition. The fate of the 1587 colonists remains a mystery.
When the governor of the 1587 Roanoke colony, John White, returned to the settlement in
1590, all of the settlers were gone, including his granddaughter, Virginia Dare—the first
recorded English birth in North America.
EARLY ENGLISH EXPLORATION OF NORTH AMERICA
The early English colonization of Roanoke Island was a significant event in the gradual
process of English settlement in the New World—a process that began with the English
first English efforts to participate in the European takeover of the New World can be traced to
the initiatives of Henry VII. In 1485, he put an end to civil strife in England, unifying the
nation and bringing stability to the government. Henry VII then turned his attention to
expanding commerce and encouraged English merchants to enter into foreign trade and,
11Robert G. Ferris, ed., Explorers and Settlers (Washington, DC: National Park Service, U.S. Department of
the Interior, 1968), 92-9. For additional background information on English colonization of the New World, see Oliver
P. Chitwood, A History of Colonial America (New York: Harper Brothers, 1931), 9-15, 34-6; John B. Brebner, The
Explorers of North America, 1492-1806 (New York: The MacMillan Company, 1933); and Herbert E. Bolton and
Thomas M. Marshall, The Colonization of North America, 1491-1783 (New York: The MacMillan Company, 1920),
104-51.
explorations of the western hemisphere in the late fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries.11 The


--- page 16 ---
10
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
consequently, to invest in exploration. He briefly considered supporting Christopher
Columbus’s first voyage but later provided financial backing for John Cabot, the Italian who
first visited the New World in 1496.12 On Cabot’s second voyage in 1497, he planted the first
English flag on the North American mainland in what is now Canada. With this act, Cabot
established England’s claim to territory in the Western Hemisphere.13
Henry VII’s efforts to encourage English exploration and trade
in the New World were not continued under the rule of his
son, Henry VIII, who concentrated his energies on building a
more European-oriented merchant fleet.14 However, Cabot’s
endeavors were championed by Henry VIII’s daughter, Queen
Elizabeth I, who came to the throne in 1558. Elizabeth’s goal
was to strike a balance of power in Europe and to lessen the
threat of Spanish hegemony—a threat most obvious in the
newly established Spanish monopoly of trade in the New
World.15 Although many Englishmen (including Walter
Raleigh) felt that their presence in America was necessary for
the strength of the country and to diminish this danger, the
English government did not have the resources to establish a
foothold in the New World. As a result, all English enterprises
in the Atlantic were to be financed and fostered by private
investors who received authorization from the English
 Figure. 1. Queen Elizabeth
government.16
12Ferris, 93-5.
13David Stick Roanoke Island, The Beginnings of English America (Chapel Hill: University of North
Carolina Press, 1983), 20.
14Bolton and Marshall, 104-5; Ferris, 95.
15For more background information on the diplomatic relations between England and Spain, see Wallace T.
MacCaffrey, Queen Elizabeth and the Making of Policy, 1572-1588 (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1981), 312-
36.
16Karen Ordahl Kupperman, Roanoke, The Abandoned Colony (Totowa, NJ: Rowman & A11enheld, 1984), 3.


--- page 17 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
11
HOSTILITIES BETWEEN ENGLAND AND SPAIN
England was a relatively weak nation in the sixteenth century, when France and Spain were the
major powers in Europe.17 As internal conflicts between Catholic and Protestant forces
engulfed many nations (including France), Spain, bolstered by the wealth of the New World,
began consolidating power and control over Europe. Many Englishmen felt that Spain’s goal
was to bring their country back under the control of the Catholic Church. Spain’s resources in
America played a major part in this campaign; the country needed the wealth of the New
World to enlarge its boundaries and increase its power. The English government then realized
that attacking Spanish treasure ships was an ideal way to fight the enemy.18 Consequently,
Queen Elizabeth encouraged adventurous sailors such as Francis Drake to smuggle goods from
Spanish colonies and prey upon Spanish ships. Indeed, Drake was one of a number of English
captains who raided and robbed Central American and European islands owned by Spain.19
By the 1580s, English sea rovers were regularly attacking Spanish vessels in an effort to
control their expanding empire. However, in 1584 a major sea war between England and Spain
developed when the Spanish ambassador, Mendoza, was expelled from England for his
involvement in a plot against Queen Elizabeth. In retaliation for this act, King Philip II of
Spain called for the seizure of all English ships in Spanish ports. England then sent Sir Francis
Drake to raid and plunder Spanish possessions in the West Indies. Moreover, to further recoup
the losses suffered by English merchants and shipowners, the English government licensed
privateers to attack and plunder Spanish and Portuguese vessels.20 Many of the early privateers
in this open sea war with Spain were gentlemen such as Sir Walter Raleigh, who saw the
venture as a patriotic act as well as a way to amass large fortunes and relieve themselves of
financial difficulties.21
17“Ibid., 4; David Beers Quinn, Set Fair for Roanoke, Voyages and Colonies, 1584-1606 (Chapel Hill:
University of North Carolina Press, 1985), 14.
1 8Kupperman, 5.
19In 1577 Francis Drake “disappeared” on an overseas voyage, only to reappear three years later with a large
amount of goods stolen from Spanish possessions on the Pacific Coast. Drake also formally claimed upper California
for England and renamed the area New Albion, thus reasserting England’s right to possessions in North America
(Quinn 1985, 15).
Both John Hawkins and Francis Drake, two of the most successful rovers, were knighted for their exploits
(Ferris, 96-7).
20Quinn 1985, 15-6; Kupperman, 5-7. Privateering originally developed as a way for merchants to recover the
value of cargo lost on the high seas. It differed from piracy, in theory, since it had government authorization and was
limited to a specific enemy, in this case the Spanish (Kupperman, 7-9).
21Kupperman, 5-7.


--- page 18 ---
12
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
EARLIEST COLONIZATION EFFORTS AT ROANOKE ISLAND
The first true English colonization efforts, which led to the
Roanoke voyages, developed as a way to indirectly attack
Spanish possessions during the privateering sea war.22 They
also arose from the continuous search for a Northwest
Passage to the Orient. Among the first to propose these
measures was Sir Humphrey Gilbert, Walter Raleigh’s half-
brother. For several years, Gilbert had appealed to Queen
Elizabeth to explore the New World and colonize the area.
Gilbert first urged the English to explore North America in
1576, when he publicly declared that a passage existed
through the American continent to Asia.23 One year later, in
1577, Gilbert wrote a discourse suggesting that Queen
Elizabeth dispatch a fleet of warships as a means of
disrupting Spanish commerce with the New World. He also
 Figure 2. Sir Humphrey Gilbert
proposed the establishment of a permanent English
settlement in America to serve as a base of operations against Spanish shipping. Queen
Elizabeth eventually listened to his pleas, and in June 1578 granted Gilbert a charter
authorizing him to “discover, search, find out and view such remote heathen and barbarous
lands, countries, and territories not actually possessed of any Christian Prince or people.”24
With financial backing from a number of influential shareholders, Sir Humphrey Gilbert,
Walter Raleigh, and seven ships sailed from Plymouth in November 1578 to establish a colony
in Newfoundland.25 Although Raleigh had no previous experience at sea, he commanded the
Falcon, whose pilot was the Portuguese navigator Simon Fernandes. As Gilbert had proposed
22For more information on English privateering and the founding of colonies in the New World, see Kenneth
R. Andrews, Elizabethan Privateering, English Privateering During the Spanish War, 1585-1603 (Cambridge:
Cambridge University Press, 1964).
23Kupperman, 10. Another proponent of the Northwest Passage was Martin Frobisher, who made three
voyages to the northeast part of North America between 1576 and 1578. In 1578 he led an expedition to Frobisher Bay
and intended to establish a settlement there. The founding of the colony was postponed and eventually abandoned
when several of the supply ships did not reach the site. John W. Walker and Allen H. Cooper, Archaeological Testing
of Aerial and Soil Resistivity Anomaly FORA A-1, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina (Tallahassee,
FL: Southeast Archaeological Center, National Park Service, 1989), 6-7; Ferris, 97.
24Quoted in Stick 1983, 29.
25Quinn 1985, 5-6; Ferris, 97-8.


--- page 19 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
13
earlier, the underlying mission of the expedition was to prey upon Spanish shipping. 26Storms,
however, forced Gilbert to abort the mission and return to England. In 1583, Gilbert headed
another expedition, which ended in disaster when Gilbert was lost at sea.27
Walter Raleigh, however, did not join the second venture. By
this time he had become a favorite of Queen Elizabeth, who
forbade him to sail on such a dangerous voyage. As the
Queen’s favorite, Raleigh received vast estates in Ireland and
large holdings in England, as well as the patent on wines and
the license to export woolen cloths. Other benefits included
the assignment of various government offices. Moreover, in
1584 (a year after Gilbert’s death), Queen Elizabeth knighted
Raleigh and granted him Gilbert’s patent to establish colonies
in America.28
Figure 3. Sir Walter Raleigh
Raleigh, like Gilbert, aimed to establish a settlement which
would serve as a base for English privateering ventures
against Spanish ships. Indeed, privateering considerations
dictated the location of the settlement and the nature of the first colonists, as well as the source
of income to finance the expedition. Many of the ‘colonists’ on Raleigh’s first voyage were
veterans of Irish or European wars, who could theoretically defend the settlement against a
Spanish attack. In addition, instead of exploring the northern coast of America like Gilbert,
Raleigh directed his efforts farther to the south, purposely venturing into Spanish interests to
find a semi-secluded location close to Spanish shipping routes from the West Indies. Spain
considered the North American coastline south of the Chesapeake Bay as part of her sphere of
influence and had established a series of forts along the coast to defend the territory. Moreover,
Spanish forces attacked any other attempted settlements in the region, wiping out the French
settlement, Fort Caroline, in 1565.29 By establishing a colony within Spain’s purported
26Kupperman, 10. As Kupperman points out, Raleigh’s appointment illustrates the Elizabethan principle that
social status was more important than skill in commanding missions. This fact would plague many future colonization
attempts, where inexperienced leaders would unwisely command colonists.
27Ibid., 10-1.
28Kupperman, 11-2; For more information on Sir Walter Raleigh and his achievements, see David Beers
Quinn, Raleigh and the British Empire (London: The English University Press, 1947), 31-2, 35-46.
29Kupperman, 13-5; Charles W. Porter, III, Adventurers to a New World, The Roanoke Colony, 1585-87
(Washington, DC: National Park Service, U.S. Department of the Interior, 1972), 2-3.


--- page 20 ---
14
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
holdings, and close to their shipping lines, Raleigh was directly confronting Spanish authority
in the area.
On April 27, 1584, Raleigh’s first expedition left England for the North American coast.
Raleigh did not accompany the fleet, and Captains Philip Amadas and Arthur Barlowe
commanded the two ships. Simon Fernandes, whose knowledge of navigation was to make
him a key figure in many Roanoke Island enterprises, piloted the vessels.30 The expedition first
sailed to the West Indies, and, on July 13, 1584, landed on the present-day North Carolina
coast approximately 24 miles north of Roanoke Island.31 
The expedition made an important contact with local Native Americans, including a well-
placed member of a ruling family, Granganimeo. The indigenous population of the area
consisted of members of the Algonquian language group, which meant local tribes spoke a
dialect based on this common language. The Carolina Algonquians lived in villages of one to
two hundred people containing a central open space around which long, barrel-roofed houses
were organized. The houses also had walls and roofs of woven mats or bark and sleeping
benches.32 The chiefs, or werowances, usually controlled between six and eight villages,
although some ruled as many as eighteen and could gather seven to eight hundred warriors.
Those governing large groups may have placed relatives in other villages as observers,
advisors, or ruling members.33 Granganimeo, a brother of Wingina (who governed the Roanoke
tribe), oversaw the Native American village on the north end of Roanoke Island and would
later be a significant figure for the Roanoke colonies34 Barlowe and seven other members of
the expedition even visited Granganimeo’s pallisaded settlement, which Barlowe described:
[T]he evening following we came to an island, which they call Roanoke, distant
from the harbor by which we entered seven leagues; and at the north end
thereof was a village of nine houses, built of cedar and fortified round about
with sharp trees to keep out their enemies, and the entrance into it made like a
30Porter 1972, 6.
31Ibid.; David Beers Quinn, ed., The Roanoke Voyages 1584-1590 (London: Hakluyt Society, 1955), vol. I,
78-9; and Gary S. Dunbar, Historical Geography of the North Carolina Outer Banks (Baton Rouge: Louisiana State
University Press, 1958), 8.
32Kupperman, 45-6.
33Ibid., 50-1.
34Ibid., 69-72, 74-5.


--- page 21 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
15
turnpike, very artificially. When we came towards it, standing near unto the
water’s side, the wife of Granganimeo, the king’s brother, came running out to
meet us, very cheerfully and friendly.
35
Figure 5. Native American village of Pomeiooc. The
Roanoke settlement probably looked similar
Figure 4. Native American village of Secotan
Two local Algonquians, Manteo (Croatoan tribe) and Wanchese (Roanoke tribe) returned with
the expedition to England with the hopes that they would better describe and help promote the
area.36 Amadas and Barlowe left for England in September 1584 and reported favorably on the
Outer Banks area, suggesting that it would be an ideal site for a settlement. With Queen
35Richard Hakluyt, ‘Explorations, Descriptions, and Attempted Settlements of Carolina, 1584-1590, ed. David
L. Corbitt (Raleigh: State Department of Archives and History, 1948), 19. Archaeologists have made several attempts
to locate the remains of this Native American village. There is evidence of Native American occupation on the north
end of Roanoke Island, and archeological investigations have uncovered numerous artifacts. For more information
concerning these findings, see William G. Haag, The Archaeology of Coastal North Carolina (Baton Rouge: Louisiana
State University Press, 1958), 62-4.
36Thomas Hariot, who accompanied the 1585 expedition to Roanoke Island, learned some Algonquian from
Manteo and Wanchese. See Kupperman, 16-7.


--- page 22 ---
16
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Elizabeth’s permission, Raleigh then christened the new land “Virginia” after her, the Virgin
Queen. 
37
THE FIRST COLONY, 1585-1586
In 1585, Raleigh appointed Sir Richard Grenville, his cousin, to
establish a settlement in North America. Grenville, another well-
known sea rover or privateer, sailed from England in 1585 with
seven vessels and approximately six hundred men, nearly half of
them professional soldiers or specialists of some Kind.38 Amadas
and Fernandes were also part of the expedition, as well as Ralph
Lane, a fortifications expert, John White, an artist to record the
landscape and flora and fauna, Thomas Hariot, a scientist to
collect samples, and Joachim Gans, a metallurgist to assess the
commercial potential of the land. The two Native Americans,
Manteo and Wanchese, also returned to America on this voyage.39
Figure 6. Sir Richard
Grenville
This expedition, like earlier ones, had an underlying mission of preying upon Spanish
shipping. The route Grenville chose, via the Canaries and the Spanish West Indies, placed
them in Spanish waters. The expedition arrived in Puerto Rico on May 12, and Ralph Lane
immediately began erecting a fortified encampment to protect their operations. The explorers
also set up a forge to make nails and built a pinnace (a small, sailed vessel) to replace one lost
at sea. Before leaving Puerto Rico at the end of May, they captured two Spanish frigates, built
a temporary fortification enclosing two salt mounds near Cape Rojo, and seized a supply of
salt from the Spanish.40
Grenville’s expedition landed on the Outer Banks of North Carolina on June 26. After a brief
exploration of the Outer Banks and Roanoke Island and contacts with the Native American
inhabitants,41 Grenville returned to England, leaving Ralph Lane in charge of a colony of 107
37Porter 1972, 9; David Beers Quinn and Alison M. Quinn, eds., The First Colonists: Documents on the
Planting of the First English Settlements in North America, 1584-1590 (Raleigh: Division of Archives and History,
1982), xxi.
38Quinn, 1955, vol. I, 121-2; Kupperman, 18, 20.
39Porter, 1972, 10.
40Ibid., 10-1, 50.
41Ibid., 11.


--- page 23 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
17
men on Roanoke Island.42 Since the site was too shallow for a privateering base, Ralph Lane
was to use Roanoke as a base to search for a more suitable harbor site. Lane then designed and
supervised the construction of a fort at the north end of Roanoke Island.43 Recent scholarship
suggests the fort had palisaded walls with
bulwarks on the comers. It was quickly
completed, for by September 1585, Lane
was writing from “the new Fort in
Virginia.”44
Ralph Lane’s men also erected a “science
center” on the north end of the island to
assess the area’s resources and commercial
potential. The center probably -contained a
metallurgical and/or distilling furnace and
a laboratory with needed instruments such
as metallurgical crucibles, scales, ointment
pots, bottles, distilling flasks, and other
glass ware.45 Thomas Hariot, a prominent
astronomer, mathematician, surveyor, and
scientist of the period, and Joachim Gans, a
Jewish metallurgist from Prague who went
to England in 1581 to help improve its
outmoded copper smelting industry, most
likely headed the science center, testing ore
samples to determine their quality and
Figure 7. Fortified encampment, Puerto Rico. Ralph examining botanical specimens. 46 As
Lane’s fortification on Roanoke Island probably Thomas Hariot reported in A Brief and
resembled these earthworks.
42Quinn and Quinn, xxi.
43Kupperman, 23-4; Jean C. Harrington, Archaeology and the Enigma of Fort Raleigh (Raleigh: North
Carolina Department of Cultural Resources, 1984), 7.
44Quinn 1955, 168.
45Ivor Noel Hume, “First and Lost: In Search of America’s First English Settlement, Archeological
Excavations at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, Roanoke Island, North Carolina, 1991-3” Draft Report on file at
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, Manteo, North Carolina, 63-4.
46Ibid., 72-4, 82; Ivor Noel Hume, “Roanoke Island: America’s First Science Center,” The Journal of the
Colonial Williamsburg Foundation, vol. XVI, no. 3 (Spring 1994); reprint, 7.


--- page 24 ---
18
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
True Report of the New Found Land of Virginia:
In two places of the country especially, one about fourscore, and the other
sixscore miles from the fort or the place where we dwelt, we found near the
water side the ground to be rocky, which by the trial of a mineral man was
found to hold iron richly. It is found in many places of the country. I know
nothing to the contrary, but that it may be allowed for a good merchantable
commodity, considering there the small charge for the labor and feeding of
men, the inftnite store of wood, the want of wood and dearness thereof in
England and the necessity of ballasting of  ships.
47
Other improvements built by the Roanoke colonists included a separate village on the north
end of Roanoke Island containing one-and-a-half- and two-story residences with thatched roofs
and several other structures. Although some of the soldiers were stationed at the fort, Ralph
Lane and several of the gentlemen on the expedition resided in the village. As Ralph Lane
reported when uncovering a Native American plot to kill members of the Roanoke colony:
In the dead of night they [several hostile Native Americans] would have beset
my house, and put fire in the reeds that the same was covered with; meaning,
(as it was likely) that myself would have come running out of a sudden amazed
in my shirt without arms, upon the instant whereof they would have knocked out
my brains.
The same order was given to certain of his fellows, for M. Hariot, so for all the
rest of our better sort, all our houses at one instant being set on fire as afore is
said, and that as well for them of the fort, as for us at the town.
48
The following year, Lane and several members of the colony explored the mainland and
surrounding area as far north as the Chesapeake. In the course of these explorations, Lane and
his men succeeded in alienating a large portion of the Native American population, resulting in
hostile relations between the two. Eventually, Lane and the other explorers abandoned their
short-lived and dissension-ridden colony in June 1586.49 With the delay in the arrival of
47Hakluyt, 67-8.
48Ibid., 50-1.
49Louis Torres, Historic Resource Study of Cape Hatteras National Seashore (Denver: Denver Service Center,
National Park Service, U.S. Department of the Interior, n.d.), 24.


--- page 25 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
19
supplies from Grenville, the colonists grew impatient as provisions ran out and relations with
the indigenous population continued to deteriorate. Fortunately, Sir Francis Drake stopped at
the colony on a return trip after a successful raid in the West Indies.50 Drake offered to
resupply the colony and provide them with a ship, or let them return with him to England. A
severe storm, however, scattered several of Drake’s ships, including the one intended for the
colony. The members of Ralph Lane’s expedition then accepted Drake’s offer to remove
them,51 thereby missing one of Grenville’s supply ships by only a short time.52 Grenville
himself arrived with several ships and relief stores in August and was disappointed to see the
colony abandoned. He did not want to lose possession of the settled area and left a holding
group of fifteen men with four cannons and supplies for two years to reoccupy Lane’s fort.53
According to one account:
Immediately after the departing of our English colony out of this
paradise of the world the ship above mentioned sent and set forth at the
charges of Sir Walter Raleigh and his discretion, arrived at Hatorask, who
after some time spent in seeking our colony up in the country, and not ftnding
them, returned with all the aforesaid provisions into England.
About fourteen or fifteen days after the departure of the aforesaid ship,
Sir Richard Grenville, General of Virginia, accompanied with three ships well
appointed for the same voyage, arrived there, who not finding the aforesaid
ship according to his expectation, nor hearing any news of our English colony
there seated,...and finding the places which they inhabited desolate, yet
unwilling to lose possession of the country which Englishmen had so long held,
50Ibid., 24-5.
51Quinn and Quinn, 80-1. Walter Briggs, a member of Sir Francis Drake’s fleet, wrote:
The ninth of June upon sight of one speciall great fire (which are very ordinarie all alongst
this coast, even from the Cape of Florida hither) the Generall sent his Skiffe to the shore, where they
found some of our English countreymen (that had bene sent thither the yeere before by Sir Walter
Ralegh) and brough them aboord; by whose direction wee proceeded along to the place which they
make their Port. But some of our ships being of great draught unable to enter, anchored without the
harbour in a wilde roade at sea, about two miles from shore.
From whence the general wrote letters to master Ralfe Lane, being governour of those
English in Virginia, and then at his Fort about sixe leagues from the Rode in an Island which they
call Roanoac, wherein especially he shewed how ready he was to supply his necessities and wants,
which he understood of, by those he had first talked withall (Quinn and Quinn, 80).
52David N. Durant, Ralegh's Lost Colony (New York: Athenaeum, 1981), 94-5.
53Ibid., 96-7.


--- page 26 ---
20
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
after good deliberation, he determined to leave some men behind to retain
possession of the country, whereupon he landed fifteen men in the Isle of
Roanoke, furnished plentifully, with all manner of provisions for two years, and
so departed for England.
54
Figure 8. C. 1590 engraving by Theodore De Bry based on John White’s watercolor map.
THE LOST COLONY, 1587
The following year, Sir Walter Raleigh organized another expedition to Virginia under the
leadership of John White, who had accompanied Grenville on an earlier voyage.55 As opposed
to previous ventures, this colony was less military and more civilian in nature. Indeed, of the
150 people John White assembled for the voyage, eighty-four men referred to as “planters”,
seventeen women, and nine children arrived safely in Virginia and settled there. Moreover,
54Hakluyt, 59-60.
55For examples of White’s artwork from his voyages to North America, see Paul Hutton and David Beers
Quinn, eds., The American Drawings of John White (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1964).


--- page 27 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
21
rather than having a military government, the colony was organized as a corporation under the
direction of Governor John White and his twelve assistants, who served as a board of directors.
John White and his twelve assistants were to establish “The Cittie of Ralegh” in Virginia, and
Queen Elizabeth granted them and the city arms, or “Ensigns of honor.”56 The gentlemen
soldiers of Lane’s venture were replaced by simple yeomen, elevated through Raleigh’s
intervention to a higher social standing than possible in England. In addition, the colonists
themselves took a leading role in the corporation, and could therefore profit from their own
efforts.57
In many respects, this undertaking set the pattern for later successful English colonization
attempts in North America. The fact that this venture was more of a corporate or business
enterprise organized by several people prefigured the later English companies that founded
successful colonies in North America. In addition, the chosen location for the colony, the
Chesapeake Bay area, anticipated the locale of the future Jamestown settlement. Raleigh had
intended for John White’s colony to settle in the Chesapeake Bay area, where a better port
could be established and conditions for settlement were more favorable.58 Ralph Lane had
explored the region two years earlier, and it is possible that White was present on that
expedition and knew of the area personally.59
According to the surnames, it appears that White’s colony included fourteen different families.
Four of the families contained a mother, father, and child. Six were unmarried couples. The
four others were fathers and sons, who perhaps planned to have their families join them later.
In all there were nine children and seventeen women, including John White’s daughter,
Eleanor Dare. Seven of the women and three of the boys came without family attachments and
were probably servants. The remainder of the 110 colonists were men. The two Native
Americans, Manteo and Towaye, returned to Roanoke Island on this expedition as we11.60
John White and the colonists met in London in early spring 1587. They departed in three small
·ships, sailing by Portsmouth and Plymouth before finally leaving for North America on May
56Quinn and Quinn, 506-9.
57Kupperman, 107-8.
58Ibid., 107; Porter 1972, 35.
59Kupperman, 107.
60Ibid., 108-9. See also Hakluyt, 108-9.


--- page 28 ---
22
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
8.61 White kept a journal of the expedition, describing the trip from England to the West Indies,
where two of the three ships arrived on June 22. 62 The third ship became separated from the
others in a storm off Portugal but joined them later. Stopping at Saint Croix for three days, the
travelers moved on to Puerto Rico, where they took on water and attempted unsuccessfully to
resupply their stores.63 Despite White’s
deteriorating relationship with the
Portuguese pilot, Simon Fernandes, the
little fleet finally arrived off the Outer
Banks on July 16.64
On July 22 White and a group of forty
colonists went to Roanoke Island to
confer with the fifteen men left by
Grenville the preceding year. White
hoped to learn about the area and their
relations with the Indians, and then
return to the ships to sail to the
intended site of his colony, the
Chesapeake Bay area.65 White and his
colonists, however, discovered Lane’s
former fort abandoned and Grenville’s
holding party missing. According to
White:
The three and twentieth
of July the governor
with divers of his
company walked to the
Figure 9. Native Americans fishing. C. 1590 Theodore De Bry
engraving based on John White’s watercolor.
north end of the island, where Master Ralph Lane had his fort, with sundry
necessary and decent dwelling houses, made by his men about it the year
61Kupperman, 109.
62For John White’s complete account of the journey, see Hakluyt, 94-109.
63Kupperman, 111-2.
64Ibid., 112.
65Ibid., 112-3.


--- page 29 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
23
before, where we hoped to find
some 
signs, 
or 
certain
knowledge of our fifteen men.
When we came thither, we found
the fort razed down, but all the
houses standing unhurt, saving
that the neather rooms of them,
and also of the fort, were
overgrown with melons of divers
sorts, and deer within them
feeding on those melons; so we
returned to our company,
without hope of ever seeing-any
of the fifteen men living.
66
For reasons unclear, Fernandes did not continue
the voyage to the Chesapeake Bay and left
White and 110 colonists on Roanoke Island.67
Upon discovering the fort overgrown and
abandoned, White immediately ordered the
members of the colony to refurbish Lane’s
former settlement. According to his account of
the expedition, “the same day [July 23] order
Figure 10. Native American woman and
was given that every man should be employed
girl with English doll.
in the repairing of those houses, which we
found standing, and also to make other new
cottages, for such as should need.”68 White and his colony began their work optimistically;
they cleaned and repaired the existing dwellings and built additional shelters, for each family
was to have its own residence. The missing ship arrived on July 25, further encouraging the
small group.69 This settlement was in essence “The Cittie of Ralegh,” the community John
66Hakluyt, 99.
67Quinn 1985, 279-82.
68Hakluyt, 99.
69Kupperman, 114.


--- page 30 ---
24
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
White and his twelve assistants were directed to establish in Virginia.70
This initial optimism was checked within a few days of their arrival when one of the colonists,
George Howe, was killed by an unidentified party of Native Americans. However, his isolation
at the time of his murder suggests that the colonists had not taken precautions, despite the fact
that none of the members of Grenville’s holding party were found. There were also indications
that most may have been murdered, for when White and the group of colonists first landed on
Roanoke Island, they discovered the bones of one of Grenville’s men, who had long since been
slain.71 White nonetheless placed his hopes (in part) on his ability to reestablish good relations
with the Algonquian residents. He was helped in this by Manteo, the Croatoan who had
traveled a second time to England with Lane and returned with White.72
One major problem for the settlement was the lack of supplies. The arrival of the colonists late
in the planting season resulted in inadequate stores for the winter. The local inhabitants had
little to share, and this scarcity created tension. White soon learned of the fate of the Grenville
holding party and began to sense the growing unease among the various local groups. Shortly
after Howe’s death, White and the colonists discovered that three settlements of Native
Americans had joined together and attacked eleven of Grenville’s men. The soldiers who
survived the assault fled by boat, picked up the remaining four men, and disappeared.73 As a
gesture of strength, White undertook a punitive expedition to avenge these deaths, raiding one
inland settlement without warning and killing at least one. Unfortunately, the group that
White’s colonists attacked was unconnected with Howe’s death, and even the remaining
friendly Native American groups began to become wary of this second colony.74
Several events in the beginning of August, however, cheered the colonists. On August 13,
following Sir Walter Raleigh’s orders, Manteo was christened and given the title of Lord of
Dasamonguepeuc for his faithful service to the English. Five days later, Eleanor Dare,
daughter of John White and wife of Ananias Dare, gave birth to a daughter. Because she was
70It should be remembered that Raleigh originally planned for John White to settle “The Cittie of Ralegh” as a
separate venture from Roanoke Island on the Chesapeake Bay. Archaeologists are still searching for the habitation site
of the colony on Roanoke Island. See Porter 1972, 47-53; and Harrington 1962.
71Hakluyt, 99.
72Kupperman, 114-5.
73For John White’s account of this event, see Hakluyt, 101-2.
74Kupperman, 116-7.


--- page 31 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
25
the first child born to English parents in America and the first Christian born in Virginia, she
was named virginia.75 Although another child was born to Dynois and Margery Harvie shortly
thereafter, Virginia Dare’s birth was to assume great significance, especially during the later
“preservation” period in the history of Fort Raleigh.76
Having delivered the colonists, the fleet was scheduled to leave in August. The colonists
wanted at least two of the twelve assistants to return, secure more supplies, and recruit more
members. Three of the original directors were still in England, presumably working on the
colonists’ behalf. Finally, the men approached White, asking him to act for them. Not trusting
the colonists, and fearful of his position (as well as the safety of his own daughter and
granddaughter), White was reluctant to play the part of emissary. With further pressure from
the colonists, White finally agreed to return.77
White sailed for England on August 27 with all three vessels to obtain the needed supplies.
Before departing, he arranged for the colonists to leave an appropriate sign if they moved the
settlement. In October 1587, White finally arrived in England. His efforts to obtain support,
however, were impeded by the Spanish Armada’s attempted invasion of England as well as the
subsequent sea war between the two countries. Spain not only raided English ships, she also
sought to destroy the English colony in North America. In June of 1588 the Spanish governor
at St. Augustine sent a ship northward to find the English settlement and prepare to attack it.
After locating Roanoke colony and discovering its weakness, the Spanish considered the
assault unnecessary and postponed it.78
It was nearly three years before the threat of a Spanish attack had subsided and John White
could return to Roanoke. In March 1590, White sailed as a passenger on a ship commanded. by
the privateer John Watts79 White finally reached the Outer Banks in August 1590, and found
that the colony had been abandoned for some time. According to the arrangement between
White and the colonists, the word “C-R-O-A-T-O-A-N” was inscribed on a tree, indicating a
75Porter 1972, 37.
76See William S. Powell, Paradise Preserved: A History of the Roanoke Island Historical Association (Chapel
Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1965), 52-62.
77Kupperman, 119-20.
78Porter 1972, 39-41.
79Kupperman, 127-8.


--- page 32 ---
26
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
native group or village on what is now Hatteras Island.80 Although White could not locate the
colonists, he was relieved to discover a sign of their safety and noted:
as we entered up the sandy bank, upon a tree, in the very brow thereof were
curiously carved these fair Roman letters, C-R-O: which letters we presently
knew to signify the place, where I should find the planters seated according to
a secret token agreed upon between them and me at my last departure from
them; which was, that in any ways they should not fail to write or carve on the
trees or posts of the doors the name of the place ‘where they should be seated;
for at my coming away they were prepared to remove from Roanoke fifty miles
into the main. Therefore at my departure from them in An. 1587, I willed them,
that if they should happen to be distressed in any of those places, that then they
should carve over the letters or name a cross + in this form; but we found no
such sign of distress. And having well considered of this, we passed toward the
place where they were left in sundry houses, but we found the houses taken
down, and the place very strongly enclosed with a high palisado of great trees,
with curtains and flankers, very fort-like; and one of the chief trees or posts at
the right side of the entrance had the bark taken off and five foot from the
ground in fair capital letters, was graven C-R-O-A-T-O-A-N, without any cross
or sign of distress; this done, we entered into the palisado, where we found
many bars of iron two pigs of lead four iron fowlers, iron locker shot, and such
like heavy things thrown here and there, almost overgrown with grass and
weeds.... I greatly enjoyed that I had safely found a certain token of their safe
being at Croatoan, which is the place where Manteo was born, and the savages
of the islands our friends.
81 
Because of stormy weather and John Watt’s impatience, White was unable to continue the
search for the missing colonists on the Outer Banks and returned to England. White could not
afford to finance another expedition to North America, and eventually accepted the loss of his
family and the Roanoke colony several years later. Raleigh, however, made one more attempt
to locate the settlement. As late as 1602, Raleigh sent an expedition to North America under
the command of Samuel Mace to find the colonists. The group did not search very diligently
and never found these early settlers. After the establishment of Jamestown in 1607, the
Virginia colonists attempted to locate their lost countrymen. Although they heard many rumors
80Stick 1983, 209-10; Kupperman, 130-1.
81Hakluyt, 122-3.


--- page 33 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
27
as to their whereabouts, the search was unsuccessful.82 Many scholars have since proposed
numerous theories as to what happened to the Roanoke colonists, but their fate still remains a
mystery.83
Figure 11. C. 1590 engraving by Theodore De Bry entitled “The arrival of Englishmen in Virginia.”
Based on John White’s watercolor map.
LATER ENGLISH COLONIZATION IN NORTH AMERICA
The Roanoke Island colony, while never successful, set the precedent for future English
colonization efforts in the New World. Between 1602 and 1605, Bartholemew Gosnold and
George Weymouth made reconnaissance voyages along the Atlantic coast.84 Joint-stock
companies underwrote further efforts over the rest of the decade. George Popham, representing
82Porter 1972, 44-5.
83For various conjectures as to the possible fate of the Roanoke colonists, see Stick 1983, 225-46; Quinn
1985, 341-77; Quinn and Quinn 1983, x-xi; and Kupperman, 137-41.
84Ferris, 100.


--- page 34 ---
28
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
the Plymouth Company, established a temporary colony in 1607 on the mouth of the Kennebec
River in Maine.85 Beginning in 1606, the southern counterpart to the Plymouth Company, the
London Company (later known as the Virginia Company), sponsored a colonizing expedition
to Virginia.86 This group of 145 men, mostly professional soldiers, arrived at Cape Henry on
April 26, 1607. On May 13, they established a site for the colony along the James River,
naming it James Forte or Jamestowne, after King James. Although it was a swampy area about
thirty miles from the sea, the site provided good docking facilities and was strategically well
situated for defense against the indigenous inhabitants. This would be the beginning of the first
successful English colony in the New World.87 While the colony’s existence remained
precarious for many years, its eventual success encouraged further English settlement of North
America. The English colonies that would later flourish along the eastern seaboard included
Plymouth, Massachusetts (1620), New Jersey (1629), Connecticut (1633), Rhode Island
(1636), New Haven (1637), Maryland (1637), and Delaware (1638).88
The short settlement period of Roanoke Island represented the first attempt at English
colonization in the New World. Colored in part by continuing interests in privateering and in
merely harassing Spanish concerns in the New World, the Roanoke colonization efforts
marked the transition from a military outpost to a settlement of both men and women
attempting to establish a permanent foothold in North America. Followed by the successful
colony at Jamestown, the early colonizing efforts on Roanoke Island set the precedent for what
would eventually become the English dominance of much of North America during the
seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
ASSOCIATED PROPERTIES
The Fort Raleigh National Historic Site preserves the location of the science center associated
with Ralph Lane’s 1585-1586 colony and commemorates the first English attempts at
establishing a colony in North America. The site of the center, presumably supervised by
Thomas Hariot, a prominent scientist of the period, and Joachim Gans, a Jewish metallurgist
from Prague, is one of the few positively identified archeological resources within the historic
site associated with this significant event in American history. In the late sixteenth century the
85Ibid.; Chitwood 63-5.
86Marshall and Bolton, 116-7.
87Ferris, 100-5. For more information on the founding of Jamestown and its relationship to the Roanoke
colonies, see Ivor Noel Hume, The Virginia Adventure, Roanoke to Jamestown: An Archeological and Historical
Odyssey (New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1994).
88Ibid., 115.


--- page 35 ---
The Roanoke Colonies and Fort Raleigh, c. 1584-1590
29
north end of Roanoke Island also contained the settlement site of the Roanoke colonists, a
fortification built by Ralph Lane’s soldiers, and a Native American village. However, no
archeological findings from these important sites have been uncovered, and structures or
remains may have long since eroded into the sound as the coast line changed over the years.
Nonetheless, these important resources could still be located within the park’s boundary. More
archaeological research is needed to determine the location of Ralph Lane’s fortification and
the habitation site of the Roanoke colonists, referred to by some as the “Cittie of Ralegh.”
Further archeological investigations could provide some information on the Native American
village of “Roanoac” as well.
Associative Characteristics/Significance
The site of the science center associated with the Roanoke colonies has national significance
under National Register Criterion D (Information Potential). It represents the only tangible
evidence of the Elizabethan age in North America and marks the site of the first English
colonizing efforts, which led the way for future successful English colonies in the New World.
The science center site is nationally significant under National Register (NR) Criterion D for
the proven potential of its archeological resources to yield information on the first English
settlement in North America. Although there are no extant structures, and the settlement site
and fortification have yet to be located, the archeological findings over the last fifty years
document the establishment of a sixteenth-century science center within the NHS boundary
which is eligible for the National Register.
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS/CRITERIA CONSIDERATIONS/INTEGRITY  
For a property to be eligible for the National Register, it must not only be significant under the
NR criteria, but it must also have integrity, or the ability of a property to convey its
significance. Although the evaluation of integrity can be subjective, it is grounded in an
understanding of a property’s physical features and how they relate to its significance. To
retain historic integrity, a property must possess several of the aspects of integrity, which are
location, design, setting, materials, workmanship, feeling, and association.
The National Register site within the park retains integrity of location and setting since
archaeological evidence has proven that the area contains the site of a science center associated
with the 1585-1586 colony. The area, however, does not retain integrity of design, materials,
workmanship, or association since none of the structures built by the Roanoke colonists have
survived. As such, the property is not considered eligible under Criteria A (Event), B (Person),
or C (Design) since there are no remains which cogently reflect the colonies’ layout,
architecture, or structure, or the people associated with it.


--- page 36 ---
30
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
The site, nonetheless, does have the potential to yield important information concerning the
first English colonists to North America. Archaeological investigations conducted in 1947-8,
1950, 1964, 1982-3, 1991-3, and 1994-5 have uncovered numerous European artifacts which
date the site to the sixteenth century. In addition, these excavations have unearthed a science
center related to Ralph Lane’s colony of 1585-1586. Continued research may reveal the
location of the associated settlements, Ralph Lane’s fortification, as well as the site of the
Native American village. The site, therefore, is eligible for the National Register under
Criterion  D, Information Potential.
In recent years, the U. S. Congress has expanded the park’s authorized boundary to 512.93
acres, and the NPS now owns 355.45 acres on the north end of Roanoke Island. This new
property, however, does not contain any historic structures or known sixteenth-century
archeological remains. Archeologists should survey the new area to determine if the site of the
Native American village, Ralph Lane’s fortification, and the habitation site of the Roanoke
colonists could be in this newly acquired territory. With these possible finds, this new park
land is considered potentially eligible for the National Register until a comprehensive
archeological survey can accurately evaluate the area. These investigations must be completed
before the park service develops any portions of this new NPS property.
ELIGIBLE PROPERTIES/CONTRIBUTING RESOURCES
“science center” (c. 1585-6), contributing as an archaeological site of national significance.
POTENTIALLY ELIGIBLE 
ARCHEOLOGICAL(UNLOCATED)RESOURCES
“Cittie of Ralegh,” settlement site of the Roanoke colonists (c. 1585-1590).
“Roanoac,” Native American settlement site.
“Ralph Lane’s New Fort in Virginia,” fortification of the Roanoke colonists (c. 1585-1590)


--- page 37 ---
CHAPTER 2:
THE SETTLEMENT AND
DEVELOPMENT OF ROANOKE ISLAND, C. 1650-1900
On April 20, 1606, the Virginia Company received a charter granting it land in North America
from Cape Fear, North Carolina, to Bangor, Maine. The company established a permanent
colony in Jamestown in 1607, and shortly thereafter expeditions began to explore the land to
the south.89 Although Roanoke Island remained inhabited by the Roanoke Indians for some
time, by the mid-seventeenth century colonists began to occupy these previously “unsettled”
areas of Virginia. In 1654, Francis Yeardley of Virginia arranged with “the great emperor of
Rhoanoke[sic]” for the Native American population to move inland and allow British colonists
to inhabit the coastal area.90 A number of Virginians then migrated south, establishing
homesteads and raising cattle and tobacco. As John Lawson noted during his journey through
the Carolinas:
A second Settlement of this Country was made about fifty Years ago [c. 1650],
in that part we now call Albemarl-County, and chiefly in Chuwan Precinct, by
several substantial Planters, from Virginia, and other Plantations;...the Fame
of this new-discover’d Summer-Country spread thro’ the neighboring Colonies,
and, in a few Years, drew a considerable number of Families, thereto, who all
found Land enough to settle themselves in, (had they been many Thousands
more) and that which was very good and commodiously seated, both for Profit
and Pleasure.91
89Lefler, Hugh T. and William S. Powell, Colonial North Carolina-A History (New York: Charles Scribner’s
Sons, 1973), 29.
90Quoted in Stick 1958, 314.
91John Lawson, A New Voyage to Carolina (London: 1709; reprint, Readex Microprint Corporation, 1966),
62-3 (page references are to reprint edition).


--- page 38 ---
32
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
In 1663 King Charles II issued the Carolina Charter, forming a new province out of land south
of the more settled areas of Virginia. Charles II named the new province Carolina, appointed
eight men to serve as Lord Proprietors, and authorized them to colonize the vast area between
Spanish Florida and Virginia.92 Shortly thereafter, the Lords Proprietors of Carolina began
granting land along the coast of present-day North Carolina. For example, in 1669 Samuel
Stephen, governor of Carolina, received a land grant to Roanoke Island and began raising
cattle on the island.93
Since Roanoke Inlet was the main port of entry to the Albemarle Sound area at the time, most
vessels traveling to and from Albemarle passed the northern end of Roanoke Island.
Consequently, in 1676 the Lord Proprietors ordered their Carolina representatives to establish
the principal town of the colony on Roanoke Island. Although no town was built at this time,
traffic along the inlet continued to increase, and greater numbers of permanent settlers began to
appear. These early settlers consisted of pilots and boatmen, who guided vessels through the
ever-changing inlets and sounds, and stockmen, who were attracted to the area since the
islands required no fencing for their cattle, hogs, and sheep.94
Although settlers from Virginia inhabited the area, a large portion of Roanoke Island was
originally owned by a few families. Upon Governor Stephen’s death in 1670, the island passed
to his widow, who later married Sir William Berkeley, Governor of Virginia and a Lord
Proprietor of Carolina. In 1676 the Berkeleys sold the island to Joshua Lamb, a New England
merchant, for 100 pounds. One year later, Lamb sold a half interest in the island to Nicholas
Paige of Boston for 150 pounds, and later sold a quarter interest in the island to George
Patridge [Pordage]. Many of these absentee landowners hired families of settlers to tend their
livestock on the island. For example, George Pordage employed a caretaker to manage his
cattle interests on the island, while a William Daniels looked after Dr. Belcher Noyes’s
livestock.
95
The Lord Proprietors of Carolina continued to recommend that the inhabitants of Roanoke
Island build a port town. However, their 1715 and 1723 efforts to establish a harbor both
92David Stick, Dare County: A History (Raleigh: State Department of Archives and History, 1970), 8-9.
93Stick 1970, 9.
94Ibid., 10; Dunbar, 18-24.
95Stick 1970, 10-1; Powell 1965, 19.


--- page 39 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
33
failed, due in part to the changing landscape.96 By 1700 the Roanoke Inlet had begun to shoal
badly, and it was difficult to find a sufficiently deep channel for boat traffic. Ocean currents
continued to change so that by 1730 there was not a direct, reliable outlet through the Outer
Banks from Roanoke Island. The inlet finally closed altogether sometime between 1780 and
1810. With the Roanoke Inlet gone, there was no need to establish a port town on the island,
and a real city was not established on Roanoke Island until the late nineteenth century.97
The end of the colonial period also marked the demise of the area’s Native American
population. In 1711 and 1713 Native Americans from the mainland, possibly remnants of the
former Roanoke Indians, attacked the settlers on Roanoke Island. Most of the indigenous
population was then killed in retaliatory assaults by these colonists. Disease greatly reduced
the number of the remaining Native Americans, so that by the end of the colonial period the
indigenous population of the area had virtually disappeared.98
Life on Roanoke Island during the Revolutionary War remained relatively peaceful. Although
the British conducted foraging raids for livestock and other provisions, there were no major
land or naval battles in the area during the war. In addition, the British forays caused no
noticeable reduction in the number of cattle, sheep, or hogs on Roanoke Island.99 However,
significant changes did occur on the island after the Revolutionary War. Land previously
owned by the British government and its representatives reverted to the state of North
Carolina, and any citizen of the state could apply for a land grant for these properties. In
addition, many large property owners began to sell small parcels of land to people who were
moving to or had already settled in the area.100 Land on the northern end of Roanoke Island
was parceled out to many families, none of whom had clear title to their property.
Consequently, it became standard for a land owner to obtain a new grant from the state for the
tract which his family occupied. Many families living on Roanoke Island in the late eighteenth
and nineteenth centuries filed for deeds or land grants.101
96Powell 1965, 22.
97Stick 1970, 12-3; Stick 1958, 9.
98Stick 1970, 13-4.
99Ibid., 14-6.
100Ibid., 16-7. This was to their best advantage, for squatter’s rights allowed settlers to establish claims to the
property they inhabited.
101Ibid., 17; Powell 1965, 21-5. For example, Thomas A. Dough, whose family lived on the north end of
Roanoke Island since the early nineteenth century, entered a claim for 240 acres of land along the Croatan Sound which


--- page 40 ---
34
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
In the early to mid-nineteenth century, the inhabitants of Roanoke Island, like those of the rest
of the Outer Banks, continued to maintain a degree of self-sufficiency. Although most of the
inhabitants of Roanoke Island considered themselves farmers or planters, they developed other
skills necessary to survive in this isolated area. By 1850, the island’s total population was only
610, with a little more than 140 slaves. The conditions in the area and the needs of the people
also created distinctive building forms. According to David Stick, a two-story, single-pile
house type developed which included a breezeway and a detached kitchen.102
THE CIVIL WAR: THE BATTLE FOR ROANOKE ISLAND
Both Union and Confederate leaders quickly realized the military importance of Roanoke
Island, for control of the Outer Banks and Roanoke Island meant command of the sounds and,
thus, most of coastal North Carolina. Shortly after the Civil War began, Confederate forces
strengthened their defenses on the Outer Banks by building two earthen fortifications to secure
the Hatteras inlet. These two forts, Fort Hatteras and Fort Clark, consisted of sand sheathed
with two-inch thick planks covered with a layer of marsh grass and earth. A smaller
fortification, Fort Oregon, was built along the south side of the Oregon Inlet while Fort
Ocracoke (Fort Morgan) was erected just inside the Ocracoke inlet on Beacon Island.103
Several detachments of North Carolina troops were then sent to the Oregon, Ocracoke, and
Hatteras Inlets to defend these positions. However, because Confederate priorities were
elsewhere, only 350 soldiers manned Fort Hatteras, while 230 men were distributed among
Forts Clark, Oregon, and Ocracoke. Later, a reinforcement of 365 men was sent to help defend
Fort Hatteras.104
In fall 1861, Union forces organized a joint Army-Navy campaign to cut off Confederate
supply routes from the sounds to the interior and to end privateering raids on Union vessels in
the area. With a combined force of 880 men, General Benjamin F. Butler, commander of the
army troops, and Commodore Silas H. Strigham, in charge of the naval forces, set sail for
Cape Hatteras on August 26, 1861. Shortly thereafter, the fleet arrived at Cape Hatteras and
began bombarding Forts Hatteras and Clark. About 350 Union troops landed on the Outer
his family occupied. Other people living on Roanoke Island at this time included members of the Pain, Daniels, Mann,
Nash, Etheridge, and Baum families.
102Stick 1970, 18.
103Ibid., 20-1; Stick 1958, 118-9.
104Torres, 101.


--- page 41 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
35
Banks approximately three miles northeast of Fort Clark, marched down the bank, and took
control of the fort after Confederate forces had abandoned it. A few days later, on August 29,
Fort Hatteras surrendered. More than 700 Confederate troops were captured along with twenty-
five pieces of artillery, 1,000 arms, and a large amount of ordnance stores.“’ Instead of
following his initial orders and sinking vessels to block the inlet, Butler received permission to
occupy the two forts and maintain their position on the Outer Banks. Butler and other military
leaders saw this as a way to obtain control of the area surrounding the sound as well as a large
portion of the state.106
Consequently, Confederate forces,
anticipating an attack on Roanoke
Island after the fail of Hatteras Inlet,
began fortifying the island. They
created an artificial bottleneck near
the northern end of the Croatan
Sound by driving pilings across the
sound and sinking old vessels filled
with sand. A battery, Fort Forrest,
was created at the western end of the
bottleneck by sinking an old canal
boat and mounting eight guns on its
deck. The object of this obstruction
and battery was to drive Union
vessels passing along the west side
of the island closer to the shore
batteries on Roanoke Island.107
To 
further 
fortify 
the 
area,
Confederate troops from North
Figure 12. Map of Roanoke Island and the Confederate Forts
Carolina and Georgia, reinforced by
members of Wise’s Legion from
105Ibid., 101-2; Stick 1958, 121-7.
106Torres, 102; Stick 1958, 128-9.
107Stick 1958, 137; Confederate States of America, Congress, House of Representatives, Roanoke Island
Investigation Committee, Report of the Roanoke Island Investigation Committee (Richmond: Enquirer Book and Job
Press, Tyler, Wise, Allegre & Smith, 1862; reprint, Louisville: Lost Cause Press, 1972, text-fiche), 4 (page references
are to original edition).


--- page 42 ---
36
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Virginia, constructed three forts on the northern end of Roanoke Island overlooking the
Croatan Sound. Fort Huger, the northernmost defense on the island, was slightly north of the
line of pilings and sunken vessels on the west side of Roanoke Island.108 It consisted of a turfed
sand fort running along the coast and contained twelve guns: eight thirty-two-pounder guns in
embrasure, two rifled thirty-two pounders en barbette, and two small thirty-two pounders en
barbette on the right. A low breastwork with a banquette for the infantry enclosed the rear of
the fort. Located twelve hundred yards south of Fort Huger, Fort Blanchard consisted of a
semicircular, turfed, sand fortification with four thirty-two pounder guns en barbette. Fort
Bartow, the southernmost defense on the west side of the island, was approximately two and a
half miles south of Fort Blanchard. Like the others, it consisted of a sand fort covered with
turf. Fort Bartow also contained six thirty-two pounder guns in embrasure and three thirty-two
pounders en barbette.109
In addition to these defenses, Confederate forces built two smaller fortifications. To defend the
island from an attack from the east, Confederate troops erected a small battery of two thirty-
two pounder guns en barbette. Located approximately three miles below Fort Bartow on the
east side of Roanoke Island at Midgett’s Hammock, the battery stood just below Ballast Point
on the south side of Shallowbag Bay.110 Fort Russell, a redoubt or breastwork built in the
center of the island, was approximately two miles from Fort Bartow and one mile from
Midgett’s Hammock. Erected across the road which connected the north end of the island with
the south, the fort was approximately seventy or eighty feet long and had embrasures for three
guns. It faced south, stretching from the marsh on its east to the swamp on its west.111
Meanwhile, several months after the capture of Hatteras Inlet, Union forces began gathering
another fleet for an attack on Roanoke Island. General Ambrose Burnside, commander of the
Union forces, assembled a fleet of light-draft steamers, sailing vessels, and barges. He
strengthened the vessels, supplied them with guns, and then outfitted them with men from the
northern seacoast, assuming that these men would be familiar with the coasting trade. On
January 9, 1862, the Burnside Expedition, another joint Army-Navy campaign which consisted
of over eighty vessels and approximately 13,000 men, assembled in Annapolis and set sail.112
108Stick 1970,22-3; Stick 1958, 137.
109Stick 1958, 137; Confederate States of America, Congress, House of Representatives, 1862, 4.
110Ibid.
111Ibid.
112Stick 1970,23-5; Stick 1958, 138-9; See also Shelby Foote, The Civil War, A Narrative, vol. 1, Fort Sumter
to Perryville (New York: Vintage Books, 1958, renewed 1986), 227-30.


--- page 43 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
37
Figure 13. Brig, Gen. A. E. Burnside
After nearly a month at sea, Federal vessels
arrived off Roanoke Island and began firing on
the Confederate defenses on February 10, 1862.
Later that evening, Federal troops landed at
Ashby’s Harbor (north of present-day
Wanchese) on the west side of Roanoke Island.
The following day, February 11, a force of
7,500 Union troops marched up the road in the
center of the island for a frontal assault on Fort
Russell, the redoubt with three field pieces
erected to defend the causeway.113 Burnside
then divided his troops into three divisions: five
regiments under the command of Brigadier
General John G. Foster advanced along the
exposed road, supported from the rear by six
field howitzers. Four regiments of Union troops
under Brigadier General Jesse L. Reno left the
main force to assault the fort on the left, while four regiments under Brigadier General John C.
Parke made a similar approach through the marshes on the right. The outnumbered
Confederate forces defending the fort were eventually outflanked and overwhelmed by the
Union troops. They abandoned the redoubt and retreated toward the north end of the island.114
After the fall of Fort Russell, Colonel H. M. Shaw, commander of the Confederate troops on
Roanoke Island, quickly understood their desperate situation. Having been informed that the
land defenses had been forced and the position of the forts turned, he ordered Forts Bartow,
Blanchard, and Huger abandoned, their guns disabled, and their ammunition destroyed; their
troops retreated to Camp Raleigh, the large Confederate encampment on the north end of
Roanoke Island. No transports were available to evacuate the Confederate troops, and Shaw
saw no other option than to surrender.115 Although a few Confederate soldiers escaped in small
boats, approximately 2,675 officers and men were captured by the Union forces.116 As Brig.
Gen. Foster (Union) noted in his report:
113Stick 1970, 25.
114Ibid.; Stick 1958, 146-7.
115Confederate States of America, Congress, House of Representatives 1862, 7.
116Stick 1970, 25; Stick 1958, 147-8.


--- page 44 ---
38
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Figure 14. The Union Fleet off Hatteras
Figure 15. The Landing of Union Troops


--- page 45 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
39
Figure 16. The capture of Roanoke Island by Union forces
Just before reaching the fort on the upper extremity of the island I was met by a
flag of truce, borne by Lieutenant-Colonel Fowle, of the Thirty-First North
Carolina Volunteers, who came from Col. H. M. Shaw, of the Eighth North
Carolina Volunteers, commanding the enemy’s forces on the island to ask what
terms of surrender would be granted. I replied, none but those of unconditional
surrender....I then marched into the main camp and received the surrender of
Colonel Shaw as commander of the enemy’s forces on the island with all his
forces. I immediately ordered Colonel Kurtz, with the Twenty-Third
Massachusetts, to advance and secure the camp of the Thirty-First North
Carolina Volunteers, nearby, but his arrival was anticipated by General Reno,
who had already secured the camp, with the regiment it contained. The camps
consisted of well-built quarters, store-houses, and hospitals, all newly built.
The forces surrendered numbered in all about 3,000.117
117Report of Brigadier General John G. Foster, U.S. Army, Commanding First Brigade, Roanoke Island,
February 9, 1862, The War of the Rebellion: A Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate
Armies, Series I, Vol. IX (Washington, DC: Government Printing Office, 1883) 87-8.


--- page 46 ---
40
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
With the fall of Roanoke Island, a large portion of eastern North Carolina was now open to
Union attack. After the capture of Elizabeth City and New Bern, the Union had complete
control of the sounds and a substantial portion of eastern North Carolina. They were able to
maintain and use this position to their advantage throughout the rest of the Civil War.118
In addition to capturing almost 3,000 prisoners, several forts, provisions, and a large number of
weapons, Union forces also secured the Confederate camps on the north end of Roanoke
Island.119 These compounds were then renamed after Union military leaders (Camp
Foster/Camp Reno) and occupied by their troops. Several Union soldiers described the former
Confederate quarters as being newly built, comfortable, and large enough to accommodate
almost all of the conquering Union troops. As one soldier in the Twenty-First Massachusetts
Volunteers remembered:
We found spacious new wooden barracks and other buildings, and plenty of
commissary supplies. The wounded men were at once housed in a comfortable
hospital; the three thousand rebel prisoners were packed snugly away, and
placed under close guard; and before night the weary 21st were taking their
ease in warm and comfortable quarters, with all the rations they wanted.120
Another soldier described one of the former Confederate camps as containing approximately
fifty buildings, including officer’s quarters, barracks, stables, cookhouses, and other
structures.121 Other reports described a camp with seventy-five to eighty wood buildings with
118Dunbar, 43.
119Augustus Woodbury, Major General Ambrose E. Burnside and the Ninth Army Corps (Providence, RI:
Sidney S. Rider & Brother, 1867), 45. According to Burnside’s report, Union troops seized a variety of buildings and
equipment:
The fruits of this spIendid achievement, besides the prisoners captured, were “five forts,
mounting thirty-two guns, winter quarters for some four thousand troops, three thousand stand of
small arms, large hospital buildings, with a large amount of lumber, wheel barrows, scows, pile
drivers, a mud dredge, ladders, and various other appurtenances for military service.”
120Charles F. Walcott, History of the Twenty-First Regiment, Massachusetts Volunteers (Boston: Houghton,
Mifflin and Company, 1882),37.
121Alfred S. Roe, The Twenty-Fourth Regiment, Massachusetts Volunteers 1861-1866 (Worcester, MA: The
Twenty-Fourth Veteran Association, 1907), 63-4. In a letter dated February 16, 1862; Private Lyon described the
camp:
We are pleasantly situated in one of the rebel camps; there are two near each other.... There are
about fifty buildings in all, in this camp, including the officer’s quarters, barracks, stables,
cookhouses, etc. The other camp is about as large with 800 prisoners in it. We have in our camp
3000 prisoners. There are about 200 families on the island but most of the men folks are taken


--- page 47 ---
The settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
41
Figure 17. Confederate camp captured by Union forces
floors, fireplaces, and shingle roofs. The barracks were arranged in rows and were separated
from one another by wide company streets. Twenty-five or thirty of the buildings were
approximately 100’ x 50’ and were divided into smaller rooms with fireplaces for companies
and squads.122 George Whitman, a Union soldier stationed on Roanoke Island, described the
former Confederate camp as follows:
they numbered about 1600 men [Confederate Prisoners] and had cleared a
space of a couple of hundred acres of land in the woods and erected splendid
barracks for I should think 20,000 men the buildings have floors and fire
places and shingle roofs I have not counted the buildings but should think
there was 75 or 80 some 25 or 30 of which are about 100 feet by 50 and a
prisoners; most of the Prisoners are North Carolina men.
122Matthew J. Graham, The Ninth Regiment New York Volunteers (Hawkins Zouaves) (New York: By the
Author, 1900), 165-6.


--- page 48 ---
42
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
good many first rate log houses and a large hospital Building... prisoners have
been comeing[sic] in and giving themselves up and squads of them have been
taken by our pickets all day so that we must have some 2500 to night...they have
been working here the prisoners say for the last 5 months putting up these
buildings and I give them credit for haveing[sic] built tip top quarters123
While Federal forces held Roanoke Island, they instituted several programs and provided
services to help their troops deal with the boredom of military camp life. A reading-room, post
office, and theater which could accommodate 500 people were established. Several clubs were
organized as well, including baseball teams, a debating club, and a theater troupe. In addition,
some companies even erected gymnastic equipment and held competitions or matches to
entertain fellow soldiers.124
THE FREEDMEN’SCOLONY ON ROANOKE ISLAND, 1862-1866
After Union troops captured Roanoke Island, many slaves on the island and from the
surrounding area sought refuge on the island in an attempt to gain their freedom. Before the
fall of Roanoke Island, Confederate forces sent a large number of slaves (and possibly some
freedmen) to build the earthworks adjacent to the Oregon Inlet.125 Soon after the battle, the first
group of slaves in the vicinity arrived, consisting of fifteen or twenty men, women, and
children who escaped down the Chowan River. Many others followed shortly thereafter, and,
on March 30, 1862, General Burnside appointed Vincent Colyer as the regional Superintendent
of the Poor to look after the indigent families and freedmen in the area. 126
Union soldiers at Camp Foster hired the first freedmen that came to Roanoke Island as porters,
cooks, and servants. Colonel Rush Hawkins, commander of the Ninth New York Volunteers
which occupied the island after the battle, set the standard wages. Men were paid $10 a month,
clothes, and rations. Women and children, who washed, ironed, and cooked for the troops,
123George Washington Whitman, Roanoke Island, to Louisa Van Velsor Whitman, 9 February 1862, Civil
War Letters of George Washington Whitman, edited by Jerome M. Loving (Durham, NC: Duke University Press,
1975), 43-4.
124Graham, 193-4.
125Loretta Lautzenheiser and Thomas Hargrove, “‘... The Bright Glittering Sand,’ Archeological Survey and
Test Excavations, Site 31DR61, Roanoke Island, Dare County, North Carolina,” prepared for Rial Corporation/W.M.
Meekins Jr. (Tarboro, NC: Coastal Carolina Research, Inc., June 1991), 49-50.
126Vincent Colyer Report of the Services Rendered by the Freed People to the United States Army, in North
Carolina (New York: By the author, 1864), 5-6.


--- page 49 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
Figure 18. Freedmen building fortifications
43
Figure 19. “Industry of the Women and Children”


--- page 50 ---
44
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
received only $4 a month, clothes, and rations. Provisions included pork or bacon, 16 oz. of
flour and soft bread twice a week or 12 oz. of hard bread, and 16 oz. of corn meal five times a
week. The freedmen also received 10 lbs. of beans, peas, or hominy, 8 lbs. of sugar, 2 quarts of
vinegar, 8 lbs. of candles, and 2 oz. of pepper distributed among 100 people. 10 lbs. of rye
coffee or 15 lbs. of tea was rationed among 100 women and children as well.127
One of Vincent Colyer’s first duties as Superintendent of the Poor was to employ as many
freedmen as possible to help build forts along the coast of North Carolina. He was authorized
to hire up to 5,000 men and pay them eight dollars a day, clothing, and rations.128 Although the
freedmen population of Roanoke Island continued to increase, so that by summer 1862, the
number reached 1,000, only one-quarter of the population consisted of able-bodied men.
Indeed, Vincent Colyer noted that at the time of his departure from his post, there were no
more than 2,500 able-bodied freedmen within Union lines.129 Nonetheless, he was able to
recruit a sufficient number of freedmen, and the forts at New Bern, Washington (North
Carolina), and Roanoke Island were completed within four months of his appointment.
Freedmen built the new docks at Roanoke Island during this time as well.130
Maj. Gen. Foster appointed Massachusetts Army chaplain Rev.
Horace James as Superintendent of Negro Affairs in North
Carolina in May 1863. Foster then ordered James to establish a
colony for former slaves on the northern end of Roanoke
Island. According to Horace James:
It was General Foster’s purpose to settle
colored people on the unoccupied lands, and
give them agricultural implements and
mechanical tools to begin with, and to train and
educate them for a free and independent
community. It was also part of his plan to drill
them for self-defense.131
Figure 20. Horace James
127Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, 50.
128Colyer, 6.
129Ibid.
130Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, 50.
131 Horace James, Annual Report of the Superintendent of Negro Affairs in North Carolina, 1864 (Boston: W.
F. Brown & Co., Printers, 1865), 21-2.


--- page 51 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
45
In June 1863, James journeyed to the North to acquire the necessary materials and implements
to help build the colony. After a few weeks in New England and New York, he had raised
between $8,000 and $9,000, most of which was donated by Freedmen’s Associations in
Boston and New York. While James was canvassing for funds, Gen. Foster ordered General E.
A. Wild to obtain unoccupied and unimproved lands, divide them into lots, and then assign
these plots to freedmen families. George O. Sanderson of the Forty-third Massachusetts, who
was the Assistant Superintendent of Negro Affairs in North Carolina, began the preliminary
surveys of Roanoke Island and planned the first avenues of the new town while James traveled
through the North raising funds.132
Horace James returned to Roanoke Island in July 1863, with supplies for the colony. Work on
the town now began in earnest, and one-acre lots on the northern end of the island were
delineated and cleared. As James remembers:
The work was now prosecuted with vigor, though with little outside aid for
sometime. With compass, chart, and chain, and a gang of choppers, the old
groves of pine, gum, holly and cypress, were penetrated crossed and re-
crossed, and the upper, or northern, end of the island was laid out in acre lots,
and at once assigned to families.133
Families of African-American troops or other freedmen employed by the Union government
were eligible to receive these lots, as were the elderly and invalids. Horace James was
authorized to assign these plots of land to qualified freedmen, who would enjoy full possession
of the property until the government or due process of the law annulled this right.134 Each
family unit received a one-acre lot, which they were to improve by building a house,
cultivating a garden, raising small crops, etc. James could not assign plots larger than one acre,
for the land on the island was not rich enough, nor the island large enough, to provide the
freedmen with sizable farms. In addition, the number of able-bodied men on the island needed
to prepare and raise farm crops continued to decline as the Union recruited more African-
American troops. As James explained:
132James, 23.
133Ibid., 24.
134Ibid.


--- page 52 ---
46
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
It was never intended to give these people farms at Roanoke, but only a
homestead and a garden spot for each family. There are sufficient reasons for
this, in that the island is not large enough to divide into farms for any
considerable number of people. The land is not rich enough for profitable
farming, though it will produce vegetables, grapes, and other fruit, in
abundance and variety. And again, invalids, aged people, and soldiers’ wives
and children, could not be expected to improve more than a single acre.135
Figure 21. Freedmen’s  community near New Bern. The dwellings on Roanoke Island were similar.
James and Sanderson laid out the city using a grid system, with broad, straight avenues
approximately 1,200 feet apart and parallel to the shores of the island. These parallel avenues
were named after the area, such as “Roanoke Avenue,” or after Union leaders, including
“Lincoln Avenue” and “Burnside Avenue.” Smaller, narrower streets approximately 400 feet
apart ran perpendicular to these broad avenues and were designated “First Street,” “Second
Street,” “A Street,  “B Street,” etc. This arrangement divided the northern end of the island
”
135Ibid., 24-5.


--- page 53 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
47
into large quadrangles containing twelve one-acre plots for freedmen families to improve with
small houses and gardens. The lots were neatly enclosed, and the houses stood a uniform
distance from the street.136 Hand-split logs and boards or salvaged lumber were used as
building materials, while the chimneys were made of wattle and daub. Sawn boards obtained
from the mainland or the Outer Banks were used for finer woodwork, such as in the doors and
windows and their surrounds. According to one description, the average house consisted of a
one-story, one-room dwelling made of ¾” pine boards split by hand from 8’-long logs. The
arrival of a steam-powered saw mill in spring 1864 greatly facilitated the construction of the
new town. By January 1, 1865, the colony had at least 591 houses and more than 3,000
residents.
137
In addition to small dwellings, the freedmen’s community also contained a church, several
schools, teachers’ residences, a smallpox hospital, sundry storehouses, and a steam-powered
saw and grist mill. According to Vincent Colyer, the first church on the island consisted of a
meeting place featuring pine logs for seats, pine branches for a canopy, and a pulpit made of
discarded quartermaster’s boxes.138 Later, in 1864, a simple structure with a dirt floor and no
windows was built to house church services.139
In October 1863, Elizabeth James, sent by
the American Missionary Association,
became the first teacher in the freedmen’s
community on Roanoke Island. She spent
her first months on the island living in a log
cabin and teaching out of another. Shortly
thereafter, in winter 1864, three other
instructors (Ella Roper, S. S. Nickerson, and
Mary Burnap) joined her. Even though the
fledgling school had seven teachers by fall
1864, the colony still needed more    Figure 22. A typical school established by the Freedmen’s 
educators to meet demands. The town had  Bureau during the Civil War
1,297 children under fourteen years of age, as well as many adults who wanted to learn to read
136Ibid., 25.
137James, 25,26,52; Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, 52.
138Colyer, 36.
139Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, 52.


--- page 54 ---
48
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
and write.140 Consequently, the colony began building more suitable structures to
accommodate both the teachers and the pupils. As Horace James noted:
The colony would have been more promptly supplied with schools but for the
want of suitable school rooms and quarters for teachers. The only abandoned
house on the island was fitted up for a teacher’s home, and will accommodate
Jive or six. Its former occupant is in the rebel army. Since the mill began to
produce lumber, school-houses and teachers’ quarters have been, or are being,
erected, sufficient for all our purposes.141
The freedmen’s colony also made several attempts to establish local industries to stimulate the
economy. Horace James promoted spinning and weaving, as well as willow-working as
possible occupations for the women of the colony. He felt that:
If remunerative employment could be given to the women and older children, it
would be a blessing to them. Household chores do not sit heavily upon people
who live in almost primitive  simplicity.142
For the men, James pursued local activities such as shoemaking, barrel-making, and fishing. A
storehouse for fish was built, and Holland Streeter, who was in charge of the fishing industry,
reported that revenue from the fishery reached $1,404.27 in January 1864.143 In addition, many
of the men from the colony worked for the Union forces in the Quartermaster or Commissary
Corps. Others completed Union fortifications on the island.144 The grist and saw mill also
provided an important source of income for members of the freedmen’s colony. Located near
Union military headquarters on the north end of the island, the structure contained a seventy-
horsepower engine, several circular saws, a turning lathe, and a grist mill. The mill not only
produced various styles of lumber and woodwork for construction purposes, but also ground
grain for locals. As Horace James noted, the mill made “a positive addition to the wealth and
140James, 29.
141Ibid.
142James, 26.
143Ibid., 28, 52.
144Ibid., 27-8. As Horace James noted, “About one hundred of the most active men on the island are
employed in Government work, by the Quartermaster and Commissary of the Post. Some two hundred more have been
kept at work a large portion of the year upon the fortifications of the island.”


--- page 55 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
49
resources of the island.”145 James also made plans for an industrial school and orphan asylum
for the island.146 It is unclear, however, whether such an establishment was ever built.
The freedmen’s colony also experimented with self-government. A council of fifteen leading
colonists was appointed, and they were to meet periodically and work for the common welfare
of the freedmen. Ideally, they would help govern the colony and communicate and enforce the
orders of the federal government as well as those of the Superintendent of Negro Affairs. The
council, however, was almost completely ineffective. James blamed this failure on the
freedmen’s lack of education and felt that education was the prime necessity to prepare the
colony for self-government.147
Ultimately, the freedmen’s colony on Roanoke Island was not a success. The colony never
became self-sufficient as its planners had hoped. Its isolated position, lack of resources and
economic base, as well as the enlistment of many of its young, able-bodied men into the Union
army, made many of the remaining residents dependent upon the federal government for
subsidies. Most of the population of the colony consisted of women, children, the elderly, and
the infirm. As Horace James noted:
Its insular and isolated position, far removed from any centre [sic] of
population, the necessity of clearing the lots assigned, which were all wild land
the smallness of the garrison, furnishing but little employment to the people as
laundresses, cooks, and servants, the partial failure of the shad fisheries, and
above all, the transfer into the army of the laboring men, have made it
necessary to feed the larger portion of the colonists at the expense of the
Government.
148
Moreover, many of the freedmen employed by the federal government never received their
promised wages. Union agencies and soldiers either neglected or refused to compensate the
freedmen, or paid them in rations or worthless vouchers. In addition, the constant transfer of
Union troops to and from the island made the settling of accounts difficult. According to the
calculations of Horace James, the government owed the freedmen of Roanoke Island more
145James, 28.
146Ibid., 29-30.
147James, 30; See also Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, 53.
148James, 31.


--- page 56 ---
50
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
than $18,500 in unpaid wages, which could help stimulate the economy of the colony if ever
paid.149 The constant influx of former slaves also created further problems for the colony’s
economy.150
The end of the Civil War brought about the demise of the freedmen’s colony on Roanoke
Island. By June 1865 (shortly after the end of the war), the Roanoke Island colony numbered
3,500, with approximately 2,700 of its members receiving rations from the U.S. government.
With the war over, the army cut the freedmen’s rations and discharged workers, who were paid
in worthless vouchers instead of currency. In addition, the island’s prewar residents returned,
pledged an oath of allegiance to the Union, and reclaimed their land. The colony’s population
declined by half between 1865 and 1866, so that by November 1866, only 1,700 residents of
the colony remained. That same month, the Freedmen’s Bureau suspended the allotment of
rations and recommended that all of Roanoke Island be returned to its prewar owners.151 The
bureau felt that this would help induce the freedmen to leave the island to seek more favorable
employment and better farmland elsewhere. As Major General John C. Robinson, Assistant
Commissioner of Freedmen’s Affairs in North Carolina, explained:
The place is barren, and there is every appearance of great destitution during
the coming winter. To remedy this the superintendent of the eastern district and
the assistant superintendent on the island recommend that the land be restored
to the original owners, so as to compel the freedmen to remove to other points,
where they can procure employment. I have made arrangements for the
transportation of these people from the island, and have reason to believe that
great numbers of them will be induced to leave during this  month.152
In addition, many of the school teachers left the island in fall 1866, after northern missionary
societies began limiting funding. The harsh winter of 1866/1867 further encouraged the former
slaves to leave the area. Consequently, by February 1867, the colony had virtually dispersed.153
After the Civil War and the demise of the freedmen colony, the population of Roanoke Island
149Ibid., 32-3.
150Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, 53.
151Ibid., 53-4.
152Quoted in Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, 54.
153Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, 54. This winter was so severe that the sound froze over.


--- page 57 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
51
stabilized at around 1,000. The number of inhabitants grew slowly until it reached 3,000
around the turn of the century. With this increase in residents, a new county, Dare County, was
created out of parts of Currituck, Hyde, and Tyrell Counties. Manteo, on Roanoke Island,
served as the county seat. The town grew into the area’s commercial center and became
incorporated in 1899.154
FESSENDEN’S EARLY RADIO EXPERIMENTS, 1901-2
In the early twentieth century, the northern end of Roanoke Island became the site of several
experiments once again. Rather than attempts to establish another colony, these investigations
were in the field of radio technology. Between January 1901 and September 1902, Reginald
Aubrey Fessenden conducted several radio transmitting and receiving experiments between the
north end of Roanoke Island and Cape Hatteras. Many of Fessenden’s most significant
discoveries in this field were made during his twenty-month stay on the island.
Reginald A. Fessenden, the son of an Episcopal rector, was born on October 6, 1866, in
Quebec, Canada. In 1877 he enrolled in Trinity College School at Port Hope, Ontario, and
taught classes while attending college courses. After several positions in Canada and Bermuda
teaching mathematics, Fessenden left for New York City in 1886 and eventually got a job with
Thomas A. Edison and the Edison Machine Works. He first worked as an assistant tester,
which involved scraping insulation off of conductors so the tester could check for ground
faults. Before his section of the project was completed, Fessenden was promoted to tester, then
chief tester, and finally, inspecting engineer.155
After his project was completed, Fessenden chose to work as one of Edison’s assistants at the
new Llewellyn Park laboratory in West Orange, New Jersey. He stayed with Edison for a little
over three years, working on new insulating materials for cables and new lacquers for dynamo
wirings. While at Llewellyn Park, Fessenden not only got the chance to observe Edison’s
methods firsthand, but he also had access to the laboratory’s library. In addition, Fessenden
developed an interest in high frequency alternating currents during this period, which later led
to his developments in radio technology.156
After leaving Edison’s laboratory, Fessenden went through a series of appointments, working
154Ibid.
155Hugh G. T. Aitken, The Continuous Wave: Technology and American Radio, 1900-1932 (Princeton:
Princeton University Press, 1985), 41-4.
156Ibid., 44-5.


--- page 58 ---
52
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
briefly for a subsidiary of Westinghouse and then at the Western University of Pennsylvania
(later to become the University of Pittsburgh), until he accepted a job with the Weather Bureau
in 1900. The bureau hoped he could develop a method of wireless communication by which
weather data could be transmitted along the East Coast. This position promised Fessenden
greater research resources, a better location for wireless experiments, and greater freedom in
developing the system. His first success was the transmission of a voice for one mile on Cobb
Island, Maryland. After this accomplishment, he moved with his wife, Helen, to Manteo, North
Carolina, and established his main experimental station on the north end of Roanoke Island.
Another station was set up on Hatteras Island, and he also had an additional antenna at Cape
Henry, Virginia Beach.157
Fessenden continued his refinements on wireless technology and strove to improve on the
Marconi system, which was not suitable for the transmission of human voices. He also
searched for a better apparatus to receive waves, as well as a way to transmit audible sounds.
While on Roanoke Island, Fessenden made several breakthroughs in these areas. He improved
upon the contemporary receivers, and in March 1902, Fessenden wrote his patent attorney
from Roanoke Island explaining his new discovery:
What do you say to a receiver which gives telegrams at the rate of a thousand
words per minute and is so sensitive that it is perfectly positive and gives these
results in its very crudest form and on the very first trial. Well, that is what I
have now.158
One month later, Louis Dorman, an official observer for the Weather Bureau, reported to his
employers on the success of the new receiver. According to Dorman:
The receiver is positive in its action, and entirely and absolutely reliable. It is
different in nature and action from the coherer, and gives no false signals like
the later does. I could hear every single dot and dash made at Hatteras, with
the utmost clearness. . . It is possible for any expert telegrapher to receive it as
fast as the key can be handled159
157Aitken, 51, 55; Patrick K. Lackey, “The Coast,” part of The Virginian-Pilot [Norfolk, VA], 13 September
1992.
158Aitken, 55.
159Ibid., 55-6.


--- page 59 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
53
Fessenden also developed a way to transmit audible sounds while on Roanoke Island. In April
1902, Fessenden once again wrote to his patent attorney concerning the success of his new
experiments:
I have more good news for you. You remember I telephoned about one mile in
1900 (on Cobb Island in the Potomac River)-but I thought it would take too
much power to telephone across the Atlantic. Well I can now telephone as far
as I can telegraph, which is across the Pacific Ocean if desired. I have sent
various musical notes from Hatteras and received them here [Roanoke Island]
with but 3 watts of energy, and they are very loud and plain, i.e., as loud as in
an ordinary telephone.160
While on Roanoke Island, Fessenden discovered a way to piggyback voice and music onto
continuous waves and invented a sensitive method for detecting and receiving the waves when
they arrived, similar to today’s radio or television tunings.161 His activities constituted the first
practical application of a successful, commercially adaptable technique of radio
communications in North America.162
In fall 1902, Fessenden terminated his radio experiments on the north end of Roanoke Island.
After several disputes with his employer, Fessenden quit the Weather Bureau in September
1902, and moved to Norfolk, Virginia. Nonetheless, his experience on Roanoke Island became
the basis for his subsequent career in radio communications. Fessenden later established the
first commercial trans-Atlantic two-way radio-telegraph service (1905) and was responsible for
the first trans-Atlantic radio telephone transmissions (1906). He conducted experiments in
numerous related areas, and went on to develop the sonic depth finder, SONAR, the aircraft
radio altimeter, and the turbo-electric drive for battleships and other large vessels.163 However,
only a few signs of his accomplishments on Roanoke Island remain. A historical marker on
North Carolina Route 12 in Buxton commemorates Fessenden’s transmission of musical notes
in 1902. The only other reminder of Fessenden’s work is a concrete slab visible at low tide in
the Croatan Sound about 300 yards off the northwest shore of Roanoke Island.164 The slab once
160Lackey.
161Ibid.
162Michael L. Everette, “The Fessenden Story. . .,” (pamphlet) 1983.
163Ibid.
164Although this slab is located near the park’s new boundary, it is not on National Park Service property.


--- page 60 ---
54
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
held the boiler used to power the transmitters for the radio experiments.165
ASSOCIATED PROPERTIES
Few standing structures associated with this context have survived within the confines of Fort
Raleigh National Historic Site. Nevertheless, documentary evidence indicates that a number of
archeological resources may be present within the historic site on the north end of Roanoke
Island. Although not on park land, the remains of a boiler which powered Fessenden’s radio
transmitters can be seen off the northwestern shore of Roanoke Island. However, the exact
whereabouts of Fessenden’s equipment, including the transmitting/receiving towers on the
northwest side of the island, has not been found. Possible locations include new park property
near Weir Point, on the northwestern shore of Roanoke Island. This site should not be ruled
out until more research is conducted.
In addition, archeologists have uncovered some Civil War-related resources on the north end
of Roanoke Island. Portions of a former Confederate fortification are located near the
intersection of US 64 and NC 345 (which is not within the site’s boundary). However, the
precise location of Fort Huger, Fort Blanchard, Fort Bartow, Camp Raleigh, Camp Foster, and
other features associated with the Civil War and the battle of Roanoke Island remain unknown.
These fortifications were constructed on the northern end of the island as part of its defenses,
and could be located on park service land. Archeological investigations, conducted in 1989 and
1991 on privately owned land within the park’s new boundary, have uncovered a large number
of Civil War-era artifacts despite the disruption caused by relic hunters. These finds could
indicate the site of the Confederate compound or the Union camp (or even the Freedmen’s
colony).166 Nonetheless, more archeological research is needed to determine whether any of
these Civil War sites are indeed archeological resources located within the park’s boundary.
The site of the Freedmen’s colony on the northern end of Roanoke Island is also a matter of
speculation. Although the community consisted of schools, storehouses, hospitals, and
approximately 590 dwellings, and contained over 3,000 inhabitants, no standing structures
remain. However, archeological investigations have uncovered some finds which could be
related to the colony.167 Further archeological research is needed to determine whether or not
165Lackey.
166For the results of these archeological investigations, see Lautzenheiser and Hargrove, as well as Thomas
Hargrove, “An Archeological Survey of the Manteo Wastewater Treatment Plant, Dare County, North Carolina,”
Prepared for F. T. Green & Associates (Raleigh, NC: Robert J. Goldstein and Associates, September 1989).
167Lautzenheiser and Hargrove; Hargrove.


--- page 61 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
55
the site of the Freedmen’s colony lies within the confines of Fort Raleigh National Historic
Site, especially within the newly acquired land.
The only resource remaining from the time period discussed in this chapter is the Dough
family cemetery. The Doughs probably moved to Roanoke Island in the late eighteenth or
early nineteenth century; the 1790 census records a number of families by the name of Dough
living in the area, and an 1820 map notes that a branch of the family lived on the north end of
Roanoke Island.168 In 1849 Thomas A. Dough obtained a land grant from the state for his
family’s acreage on the north end of the island, making their ownership of the property
official. The family homestead included a house, which was probably built sometime in the
early nineteenth century, several outbuildings, many acres of farmland, and a cemetery. In
1894 the Roanoke Island Memorial Association purchased the Dough homestead (containing
approximately 250 acres) for $1,300. For another $200, W. T. Dough and his wife sold the
association the ten acres of farmland on the north end of the island containing the “Old Fort
Raleigh tract.”169
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS/CRITERIA CONSIDERATIONS/INTEGRITY
Several resources associated with this context have not been located, and their eligibility as
archeological sites cannot be properly evaluated. As such, they do not qualify as contributing
resources, nor can they be listed on the National Register. These unlocated resources include
Forts Huger, Bartow, and Blanchard, as well as Camp Raleigh, Camp Foster, and the
Freedmen’s colony. However, these sites are potentially eligible; if their locations are
discovered, and their remains retain a
high level of integrity and yield important
information, they may be eligible under
this context.
The remaining elements of the Dough
farmstead (mainly the cemetery) may be
eligible for the National Register under
Criterion A, Event, as representative of a
typical nineteenth century farmstead of
the area. Unfortunately, few resources
associated with the Dough family
 Figure 23. Dough Family Cemetery
168Powell 1965, 25.
169Ibid., 75.


--- page 62 ---
56
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
homestead have survived. The main house was situated where the southern portion of the
“Lost Colony” parking lot is today, and was moved c. 1964 when the National Park Service
obtained part of the Dough property.170 The only existing remnant of the Dough farm is the
family cemetery, which is located off the maintenance road leading to the northwestern portion
of the park near employee housing and the edge of the sound. The park service still maintains
the graveyard, allows access to it for members of the family, and permits burials of the
descendants of C. J. Dough in the one-acre cemetery.171 While the Dough family cemetery is a
typical rural family graveyard that was associated with the family’s holdings on the north end
of Roanoke Island, other elements of the homestead, such as the house, related outbuildings,
farmland, and field patterns no longer remain. Therefore, although the cemetery could be
considered a contributing element to the Dough family homestead, the lack of associated
structures and features makes the farm ineligible under Criterion A. Criterion D, information
potential, has yet to be fully addressed. In fall 1963, the NPS surveyed portions of the Dough
property as part of a construction project to build an entrance road/parking area at the site. The
archeological report stated that since no evidence of the sixteenth-century settlement was
found, further testing was unnecessary and the area could be developed.172 Although the main
house, wash house, and other outbuildings associated with the Doughs were removed and the
area developed for the Waterside Theater parking lot, potential archeological resources could
still remain. Before the area is re-developed, a comprehensive archeological survey should be
conducted to locate any resources and evaluate their National Register eligibility.
To be individually eligible for the National Register, the Dough Family Cemetery must meet
one of the four National Register criteria as well as Criteria Consideration D: Cemeteries.
However, the lack of associated structures, significant design features, and historic events
connected to the Dough family, led to the conclusion that the site is ineligible for the National
Register under these criteria. In addition, Criteria Consideration D states that a cemetery is
eligible if it “derives its primary significance from graves of persons of transcendental
importance, from age, from distinctive design features, or from association with historic
events.”173 The cemetery in question contains eight known graves, with the dates of death on
the stone markers ranging from 1866 to 1906. One of the grave sites includes a raised brick
170Walker and Cooper, 133-4.
171“Revised Statement for Management for Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1994.” No interments have
occurred in recent years, and the list of eligible people is dwindling.
172J. C. Harrington, “Report of Archeological Testing at Fort Raleigh,” Fort Raleigh National Historic Site,
September 9, 1963, TMs, Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Regional Office, National Park Service, Atlanta,
Georgia.
173National Register Bulletin 15, How to Apply the National Register Criteria for Evaluation, 34-6.


--- page 63 ---
The Settlement and Development of Roanoke Island, c. 1650-1900
57
table inset with a marble plaque and an upright headstone. The other graves contain
footmarkers and headstones, usually limestone or marble and inscribed with the family
member’s name, and date of birth and death. Some contain sentiments or decorative features,
such carved leaves or roses. These elements, however, are not unusual in their age or design.
Nor are the graves associated with historic events or significant people. As such, the cemetery
is not eligible for listing on the National Register at this time. Nonetheless, even though the
cemetery is not eligible, the park service still maintains and manages it as a cultural resource.
U.S. Congress recently expanded the boundary and legislative purpose of the Fort Raleigh
National Historic Site to include areas associated with the Civil War, the Freedman’s Bureau,
and Reginald A. Fessenden. The park’s authorized boundary currently encompasses 512.93
acres, of which the NPS owns 355.45 acres. Although the new NPS property contains no
standing structures and no known archeological remains, documentary evidence suggests that
there may be several potential archeological sites associated with the Civil War and a
Freedman’s colony. As such, the area is potentially eligible for the National Register. The new
land must be systematically surveyed and any archeological remains must be assessed and
evaluated for integrity. If research reveals significant findings eligible for the National
Register, Fort Raleigh’s NR boundary should be expanded to include these sites. These
extensive archeological investigations need to be conducted before this area is ever developed.
NONELIGIBLE PROPERTIES/NONCONTRIBUTING RESOURCES
Dough Family Cemetery (c. 1850-1906)
POTENTIALLY ELIGIBLE ARCHEOLOGICAL(UNLOCATED)RESOURCES
Dough Family house and farm (c. 1850-1960)
Archeological resources associated with the Civil War, including Fort Huger (c. 1861-2), Fort
Blanchard (c. 1861-2), Fort Bartow (c. 1861-2), Camp Raleigh (c. 1861-2), Camp
Foster/Camp Reno (c. 1862-5), and the Freedmen’s Colony (c. 1862-6)
Fessenden’s Transmitting and Receiving Equipment/Station (c. 1901-2)


--- page 64 ---
CHAPTER 3:
FORT RALEIGH NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE:
PRESERVATION AND RECOGNITION, C. 1860-1953
Preservation and commemoration efforts on Roanoke Island were part of a growing national
interest in recognizing and honoring significant historic events and individuals in American
history. This movement first gathered momentum in the late nineteenth century in the
aftermath of the Centennial Exposition of 1876 in Philadelphia.174 Regional pride, patriotism,
and antiquarian interests (and to some degree, xenophobia in response to a rising number of
“non-English” immigrants) coalesced to create a new sense of historical awareness in the
country. Small house museums and commemorative sites such as battlefields or homes of
patriotic heroes were all given new attention during this period. The preservation and
commemorative efforts on the Outer Banks closely paralleled several other enterprises. These
early preservation ventures included: the 1881 founding of the Yorktown Centennial
Association; the organization of the Old South Society in Boston in 1877; the efforts of the
Association for the Preservation of Virginia Antiquities (APVA), founded in 1888; the Save
the Mary Washington Cottage movement in Fredericksburg, Virginia; the founding in 1892 of
the Memorial Association of the District of Columbia; and countless efforts of organizations
such as the Sons or Daughters of the American Revolution or regional groups such as the
Society for the Protection of New England Antiquities (SPNEA), to save and protect various
vestiges of American history in the face of a fast-changing world.175
Probably the closest parallel to the efforts that eventually focused on the Outer Banks was the
attempt by the APVA to save remaining elements at Jamestown, Virginia, the site of the first
successful English colony in the New World. The APVA’s focus was to protect Jamestown
174For more information on early preservation efforts in the United States, see Charles B. Hosmer, Jr.,
Presence of the Past: A History of the Preservation Movement in the United States Before Williamsburg (New York:
G. P. Putnam’s Sons, 1965) and William Murtagh, Keeping Time: The History and Theory of Presentation in America
(Pittstown, NJ: Mainstreet Press, 1988).
175Hosmer 1965, 11-2, 65-6, 73.


--- page 65 ---
60
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
from the threat of erosion, and a great emphasis was placed on building a retaining wall.176 In
1893, the organization managed to acquire approximately twenty-two acres of land on
Jamestown Island, including a section of the original site containing the remnants of the tower
and the foundations of the 1639 church traditionally associated with the site of the Jamestown
settlement.177 Similar efforts were mounted in Plymouth, Massachusetts, and, years later, in
early Spanish settlements such as Saint Augustine, Florida.178
The historic preservation movement became increasingly popular in the early twentieth
century. Efforts in New England by organizations such as the SPNEA and by other more local
groups and individuals helped spark the preservation of towns such as Deerfield,
Massachusetts (1877), and Newport, Rhode Island (1880s).179 Added to this list in the
twentieth century were Mystic, Connecticut (1920s); Portsmouth, New Hampshire (1930s);
and the most important national model, the extensive “restoration” of Williamsburg, Virginia,
underwritten by John D. Rockefeller, Jr., and spearheaded by the outspoken Episcopal
clergyman William A. R. Goodwin, during the late 1920s and early 1930s.180 In North
Carolina, pioneering preservation efforts ranged from preserving the remains of the Moravian
community in Winston-Salem in 1932,181 to the photographic documentary work of Frances
Benjamin Johnston in the 1930s.182
EARLY EFFORTS TO LOCATE AND PRESERVE
“LANE’S FORT” AND THE “CITTIE OF RALEGH”
The site of the unsuccessful Roanoke colonies remained a place of incidental interest
throughout the seventeenth, eighteenth, and into the nineteenth century. Waves of (mostly
English) immigrants, many from Virginia, began to successfully settle the area. Many of these
176Ibid., 66.
177Irving Haas, America ’s Historic Houses and Restorations (New York: Hawthorn Books, 1966), 200-1.
178Charles B. Hosmer, Jr., Preservation Comes of Age: From Williamsburg to the National Trust, 1926-1949
2 Vols. (Charlottesville, VA: University of Virginia Press, 1981), I, 312-22, 350-1.
179Ibid., 121-9, 351-60; Hosmer 1965, 107-9.
180Hosmer 1981, 11-73, 129, 332-40; Murtagh, 35-6.
181Hosmer 1981, 363-5.
182For examples of Johnston’s work in North Carolina, See Frances Benjamin Johnston and Thomas Tileston
Waterman, The Early Architecture of North Carolina (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1941). For
more information on Johnston, see Ann E. Peterson, “Frances B. Johnston, The Crusader with a Camera,” Historic
Preservation Magazine 32 (1980): 17-20.


--- page 66 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
61
explorers and settlers, however, still noted the location of an old fort, which they associated
with Raleigh’s colonization efforts. In September 1653, a young trader and three companions
visited Roanoke Island, where a Native American “received them civilly and showed them the
ruins of Sir Walter Raleigh’s fort.”183 Almost fifty years later, the traveler John Lawson
recognized the ruins of a fortification on the north end of the island. As John Lawson noted
during his trip through Carolina in 1700:
The first Discovery and Settlement
of this Country was by the Procurement of
Sir Walter Raleigh, in Conjunction with
some publick-spirited Gentlemen of that
Age, under the Protection of Queen
Elizabeth; for which Reason it was then
named Virginia, being begun on that Part
called Ronoak-Island, where the ruins of a
Fort are to be seen at this day, as well as
some old English Coins which’ have been
lately found; and a Brass-Gun, a Powder-
Horn, and one small Quarter deck-Gun,
made of Iron Staves, and hoop ’d with the
same Metal; which Method of making
Guns might very probably be made use of
in those Days, for the Convenience of Infant-
Colonies.
184 
Figure 24. John Collet map of 1770
183Quoted in Porter 1972, 46.
184Lawson, 62. Lawson also discussed the probable fate of these early settlers and stated:
A farther Confirmation of this we have from the Hateras Indians, who either then lived on
Ronoak-Island, or much frequented it. These tell us, that several of their Ancestors were white
People, and could talk in a Book, as we do; the Truth of which is confirm’d by gray Eyes being
found frequently amongst these Indians, and no others. They value themselves extremely for their
Affinity to the English, and are ready to do them all friendly Offices. It is probable, that this
settlement miscarry’d for want of timely supplies from England; or thro’ the Treachery of the
Natives, for we may reasonably suppose that the English were forced to cohabit with them, for
Relief and Conversation; and that in process of Time, they conform ’d themselves to the Manners of
their Indian Relations. And thus we see, how apt Human Nature is to degenerate.
I cannot forbear inserting here, a pleasant Story that passes for an uncontested Truth
amongst the Inhabitants of this Place; which is, that the Ship which brought the first Colonies, does
often appear amongst them, under Sail, in a gallant Posture, which they call Sir Walter Raleigh’s 
Ship, And the truth of this has been affirm’d to me, by Men of the best Credit in the Country.


--- page 67 ---
62
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Over the years, Roanoke Island was parceled out to several property owners, including the
Pain and Daniels families. In 1770, John Collet published a map of the area, noting the
location of a fort on the north end of Roanoke Island and the seats of these families. In
addition, his map contains a square mark with rounded corners, designated as a “fort,”
corresponding to the location of the present reconstructed fort.185
Throughout the nineteenth century, the site gained a romantic reputation, largely as a result of
its mysterious abandonment and association with Virginia Dare, a figure who assumed
increasing significance as a symbol of early English ties in North America. In 1819 James
Monroe visited the site and was shown “the remains of the Fort, the traces of which are still
distinctly visible, which is said to have been erected by the first colony of sir Walter
Raleigh.”186 At mid-century, George Higby Throop and Benson J. Lossing both claimed to
detect the much eroded remains of the fort.187
However, the first major published work on the fort and settlement and the first clear call for
their preservation are found in an article by Edward C. Bruce printed in a Harper’s New
Monthly Magazine of 1860.188 Visiting the north end of Roanoke Island, Bruce wrote that he
could distinguish trenches, a small bastion, and other traces of the old fort.189 According to
185John Collet, Map of North Carolina (London 1770), Copy of the map in Powell 1965, 24.
186Quoted in Powell 1965, 23.
187Throop wrote that “the remains of the fort, glass globes, containing quicksilver, and hermetically sealed and
other relics occasionally discovered there, give rise to a thousand conjectures destined never to be solved.” Gregory
Seaworthy [George Higby Troop], Nag’s Head: or Two Months Among the “Bankers” (Philadelphia: A. Hart, 1850),
126.
According to Lossing, who visited Roanoke Island in the 1850s, the island was “uninhabited, except by a few
wreckers and pilots. Slight traces of Lane’s Fort may be seen near the north end.” Benson J. Lossing, Pictorial Field
Book of the Revolution vol. 2 (New York: Harper and Brothers, 1852), 450.
188Powell 1965, 27-8; Edward C. Bruce, “Loungings in the Footprints of the Pioneers,” Harper’s New
Monthly Magazine 20 no. 120 (May 1860): 721-36.
189Bruce described the remains of the fort and wrote:
A short trudge brought us to the site of Master Ralph Layne’s stronghold and the City of Raleigh. Of its
locality there can be no reasonable doubt. The tradition of the spot has always been kept up, and every body on the
island is familiar with it.... The entrenchment’s speak a mute testimony of their own. The island contains nothing else of
the sort, and the records of the voyagers fix the situation of the village to within a mile or less.... The trench is clearly
traceable in a square of about forty yards each way. Midway of one side-that crossing the foreground of our sketch-
another trench, perhaps flanking the gate-way, runs in some fifteen or twenty feet. This is shown. And on the right of
the same face of the enclosure, the corner is apparently thrown out in the form of a small bastion. The ditch is
generally two feet deep, though in many places scarcely perceptible. The whole site is overgrown with pine, live-oak


--- page 68 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
63
local tradition, enough of the fort was still visible during the period of the Federal army’s
occupation of the island to cause Major General Ambrose E. Burnside, commander of the
Union forces, to declare the site off-limits to souvenir-scavenging soldiers.190
The site of the unsuccessful colony received new attention in the 1880s. Edward Eggleston’s
article in The Century Magazine of 1882, illustrated by seven of John White’s famous
drawings and entitled “The Beginning of a Nation,” helped to focus new attention on the
site.191 A more scholarly treatment was offered by the North Carolina historian Stephen B.
Weeks in the December 1890 issue of the Magazine of American History, a publication of the
American Historical Association. Weeks described the history behind the Roanoke expeditions
and the “Lost Colony,” and attempted to explain their possible fate.192 In 1893, the same
journal followed up with another article on the site, Edward Graham Daves’s “Raleigh’s ‘New
Fort in Virginia’--1585”.193 Daves, who was to become increasingly important in efforts to
preserve the site, complained that the site was still unrecognized by historians and little
commemorated, especially when compared to Saint Augustine, Jamestown, and Plymouth. He
also suggested that the United States owed more to English exploration and civilization than to
Columbus, whose discovery of America was being celebrated at Chicago’s World’s
Columbian Exposition in 1893, and wrote “No spot in the country should be dearer or more
sacred to us than that which was marked by the first footprints of the English race in
America.”194 Daves’s historical efforts were soon reinforced by the Washington, DC,
archeologist Talcott Williams, who conducted a partial investigation of the site and reported on
vines, and a variety of other plants, high and low. A flourishing live-oak, draped with vines, stands sentinel near the
centre. A fragment or two of stone or brick may be discovered in the grass, and then all is told of the existing relics of
the city of Raleigh. (Bruce, 733-5.)
190Powell 1965, 30.
191Ibid., 31. Eggleston’s article, which was about the European discovery of North America and its settlement,
contained a section on Sir Walter Raleigh and the Roanoke colonies. Illustrations included John White’s map of the
southern coast of North America, his map of the region explored by members of an expedition, as well as several of his
drawings of Native Americans. See Edward Eggleston, “The Beginning of a Nation,” Century 25 no. 1 (November
1882): 61-83.
192Powell 1965, 31; Stephen B. Weeks, “Raleigh’s Settlements on Roanoke Island: An Historical Survival,”
Magazine of American History 25 (January/June 1891): 127-39.
193Powell 1965, 32; Edward Graham Daves, “Raleigh’s ‘New Fort in Virginia’-1585” Magazine of
American History 29 (May/June 1893): 470-81.
194Daves, 470.


--- page 69 ---
64
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
it in the Annual Report of the American Historical Association for 1895.
195
POLITICAL AND POPULAR SUPPORT FOR RECOGNITION
The idea of physically commemorating the site or otherwise recognizing the early colonization
efforts in North Carolina gained increasing popularity and political support after 1880. In
1884, North Carolina Senator Zebulon B. Vance called for congressional recognition of North
Carolina’s place in America’s history. He asked for $30,000 to erect a monument and hold a
ceremony to mark the three hundredth anniversary of the Amadas and Barlowe Expedition that
had led to the first colony in 1584.196 Not surprisingly, his efforts were given strong support by
local newspapers and North Carolina citizens. The Raleigh News and Observer commented in
1884 that on Roanoke Island “the seed [of English settlement] was planted which germinated
and after experiencing many vicissitudes grew and expanded until the vast continent of
America has been brought under its benign influences.”197 Vance’s proposal, however, died in
committee.198
THE VIRGINIA DARE AND ROANOKE COLONY MEMORIAL ASSOCIATIONS
While national recognition was slow to gain acceptance, locally oriented organizations did
begin to make some progress toward recognizing and commemorating the site of the Roanoke
colonies. Much of the early effort was spearheaded by the North Carolina writer and amateur
historian, Sallie Southall Cotten. She had become interested in North Carolina history
sometime in the 1880s, and in the 1890s her attention centered on Virginia Dare. Indeed,
Cotten was instrumental in incorporating the Virginia Dare Columbia Memorial Association
on August 18, 1892, whose objectives were “to perpetuate the memory of Virginia Dare, the
first white child born on American soil, to erect a memorial to her in North Carolina and to aid
in the construction of a building for the State of North Carolina at the Chicago World’s
Columbian Exposition.”199
195Powell 1965, 33; Talcott Williams, “The Surroundings and Site of Raleigh’s Colony,” Annual Report of
the American Historical Association for 1895 (Washington, DC: Government Printing Office, 1896), 47-61.
196Congressional Record, 48th Congress, 1st Session (Washington, DC: Government Printing Office, 1884),
15, 4097-8; quoted in Powell 1965, 40, 44-5.
197Quoted in Powell 1965, 42.
198Powell 1965, 51. Powell has suggested that Senator John J. Ingalls of Kansas (a native of Massachusetts)
intentionally allowed Vance’s bill to die for fear that the North Carolina efforts would deflect attention away from the
long-recognized Plymouth colony.
199Quoted in Powell 1965, 52.


--- page 70 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
65
To accomplish this, Sallie Cotten and the rest of the association first published several
pamphlets on North Carolina history and planned the construction of a building at the
exposition to house an exhibit on both Virginia Dare and the early North Carolina settlement.
Sallie Cotten was scheduled to be a “Lady Manager,” or hostess, representing North Carolina
at the exposition and stressing the state’s role in the colonization of the New World. Cotten
also wrote a seven-page pamphlet entitled “The Women of North Carolina to the Women of
America,” which repeated much of the information in the earlier pamphlets and underscored
the contribution of women to the American colonization effort.200
Cotten’s proposals languished, however, and she failed to gain either state or national support.
The association did not achieve all of its goals, including erecting a state building for the
exposition and establishing the Virginia Dare Memorial School.201 Nonetheless, Cotton
continued to work on behalf of memorializing Virginia Dare and all that she symbolized for
her. In the late 1890s she gave her support to other organizations and published works
commemorating Virginia Dare, including The white Doe, The Fate of Virginia Dare, An
Indian Legend.
202
In the 1890s, Sallie Cotten’s efforts were aided by a complementary organization, the Roanoke
Colony Memorial Association, chartered in 1894-two years after the Virginia Dare Memorial
Association’s establishment. The association’s founding members included Professor Edward
Graham Daves (who was to become the most active member), Francis White, William Shepard
Bryan, A. Marshall Elliot, Bartlett S. Johnston, and Thomas J. Boykin. All had North Carolina
connections, though ironically the main organizers lived in Baltimore, Maryland. Represented
in this group were two teachers, a judge in the State Supreme Court, two active businessmen,
and the treasurer of John Hopkins University.203 A three-page prospectus was prepared, and
general principles and an organizational charter were accepted.204
The association’s principal aim, as set out in its prospectus, was to acquire and preserve the
200Powell 1965, 52-5.
201Ibid., 55-7.
202Ibid., 59-62. See Sallie Southall Cotten, The White Doe, The Fate of Virginia Dare, An Indian Legend
(Philadelphia: J. B. Lippincott Company, 1901).
203Ibid., 64-7.
204Interestingly, the Cape Cod Pilgrim Association of Provincetown, Massachusetts, may have served as a
model for forming the organizational structure of this association. See Powell 1965, 72.


--- page 71 ---
66
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
site of the “fort” associated with the Roanoke expeditions of 1584-1590. The plan was to issue
two hundred shares of stock at $25 each to purchase the property from the owners. The
prospectus, entitled “Raleigh’s Colony on Roanoke Island, 1584-1590,” emphasized the
recreational potential of the property as well, especially for hunting and fishing. It also
suggested that portions of the property without historic value could be sold for additional
funds.205
Articles of incorporation were finally drawn up in Baltimore on March 4, 1894, almost
marking the 310th anniversary of the Barlowe expedition. The articles, signed in Baltimore
and in Edenton, North Carolina, stated that the Roanoke Colony Memorial Association was
“organized for the benevolent and patriotic purpose of reclaiming, preserving, and adorning
Old Fort Raleigh, built in 1585...and also to erect monuments and suitable memorials to
commemorate these and other historical events in North Carolina.”206 The office was
established in Edenton, and ten thousand shares of stock were offered at $10 each. The first
subscribers included Francis White, Sallie Cotten’s Virginia Dare Memorial Association,
Edward Graham Daves, Theodore Lyman, R. C. Winthrop, Jr., Bartlett S. Johnston, Julian S.
Carr, and W. D. Pruden. Other subscribers purchased shares in succeeding months, bringing
the total number of shareholders to 156 by October 1894.207
Shortly after its organization, the association
acquired 250 acres belonging to the members
of the Dough family at a cost of $1,300. An
additional $200 was paid to W. T. Dough for
“the Old Fort Raleigh tract containing 10 acres
more or less” cut out of the north end of the
Dough farm.2o8 The organization held its first
meeting on May 22, 1894, in Daves’s house in
Baltimore. Daves was elected president; W. D.
Prudon was vice-president. Sir Walter  Figure 25. Land sold to the Roanoke Colony
Raleigh’s Coat of Arms was adopted as the  Memorial Association
205Powell 1965, 67-9.
206Quoted in Powell 1965, 73.
207Powell 1965, 73-6.
208Ibid., 75.


--- page 72 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
67
association’s seal. Another meeting was scheduled to be held at the Fort Raleigh site in
August.209
The Roanoke Colony Memorial Association met as planned but without their president, who
had died on August 1, approximately two weeks before the planned meeting. Those attending
the meeting agreed that the fort’s boundaries should be marked, a memorial erected, and the
fort ditch excavated.210 To ensure the accuracy of this effort, Talcott Williams, an archeologist,
was invited to visit the site.211 In the early part of 1895, Williams undertook a series of test
excavations, including a trench across the site, to verify the fort’s location. He also confirmed
the presence of artifacts and other indications of habitation.212
With all doubt erased, the group moved quickly to commemorate the site. Major Graham
Daves, Edward Daves’s brother and his successor as president of the Roanoke Colony
Memorial Association, made arrangements for the erection of a granite monument and an
enclosure to protect the site. In a letter to John S. Bassett, a charter member of the Roanoke
Colony Memorial Association and its Secretary/Treasurer, Daves states:
I have contracted for a handsome memorial stone
to mark the site of Fort Raleigh, with an
appropriate inscription telling the story of the
attempted settlements and the fate of the Colonists
etc. This will cost, delivered in New Bern[,] $150.
It will be properly of N.C. & Va. Granite. I will
give a full description of it when completed. The
fort-l shall have securely fenced to prevent damage
and further depredations, and hope to go there
myself some time next month, preferably on the 18
th
to place the stone and to complete operations as far
as our present means will admit.
213
209Ibid.
210Ibid., 75-6.
211Powell 1965, 79; Williams 1896, 58-9.
212Williams 1896, 59-60.
Figure 26. Raleigh Colony/
Virginia Dare Monument,
1990
213Graham Daves, Wilmington, NC, to John S. Bassett, Durham, NC, 2 July 1896, John S. Bassett Papers,
Duke University Archives, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina, Copy on file at Fort Raleigh National Historic
Site, Manteo, North Carolina. See also Powell 1965, 72, 75, 79-80.


--- page 73 ---
68
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Daves apparently negotiated with H. A. Tucker & Brothers of the Wilmington Granite and
Marble Works in Wilmington, NC, to fabricate the memorial, which included a base and sub-
base of North Carolina granite surmounted by a gray Virginia granite tablet. When completed,
the monument was installed in the fort enclosure, and granite posts marked the angles of the
fort. On November 24, 1896, the Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument was officially
dedicated,214 the inscription on the tablet reading:
ON THIS SITE, IN JULY-AUGUST 1585,
(O.S.) COLONISTS, SET OUT FROM ENGLAND
BY SIR WALTER RALEIGH, BUILT A FORT, CALL-
ED BY THEM
“THE NEW FORT IN VIRGINIA”
THESE COLONISTS WERE THE FIRST SET-
TLERS OF THE ENGLISH RACE IN AMERICA.
THEY RETURNED TO ENGLAND IN JULY, 1586,
WITH SIR FRANCIS DRAKE.
NEAR THIS PLACE WAS BORN, ON THE 18TH
OF AUGUST, 1587,
VIRGINIA DARE
THE FIRST CHILD OF ENGLISH PARENTS BORN
IN AMERICA--DAUGHTER OF ANANIAS DARE
AND ELEANOR WHITE, HIS WIFE, MEMBERS OF
ANOTHER BAND OF COLONISTS SENT OUT BY
SIR WALTER RALEIGH IN 1587.
ON SUNDAY, AUGUST 20, 1587, VIR-
GINIA DARE WAS BAPTIZED. MANTEO, THE
FRIENDLY CHIEF OF THE HATTERAS INDIANS,
HAD BEEN BAPTIZED ON THE SUNDAY PRE-
CEDING. THESE BAPTISMS ARE THE FIRST
KNOWN CELEBRATIONS OF A CHRISTIAN SAC-
RAMENT IN THE TERRITORY OF THE THIR-
TEEN ORIGINAL UNITED STATES.
1896
214Powell 1965, 80.


--- page 74 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
69
With the dedication of the memorial, most of the objectives of the association had been
accomplished. The fort was protected and marked, a road provided access to the site for
visitors, and a split-rail fence had been placed around the site to set it off from its
surroundings. In 1898, the organization added a further inscription to the back of the memorial,
recognizing and honoring its first president:
IN MEMORY, TOO,
OF OUR FOUNDER
AND FIRST PRESIDENT
EDWARD GRAHAM DAVES
ERECTED BY THE ROANOKE
COLONY MEMORIAL ASSOCI[ATION]
NOV. 24 1896
GRAHAM DAVES
PRESIDENT
JOHN S. BASSETT
SEC’TY AND TREAS.215
EARLY TWENTIETH CENTURY DEVELOPMENTS
During the early part of the twentieth century, the Roanoke Colony Memorial Association
continued its role as caretaker of the site. In 1910, the association sold off the Dough
homestead section of its property to William J. Griffin. The $1500 realized from the sale
helped solve the association’s financial problems, though the full debt carried by the
association was not paid off until 1937.216 The group met periodically and generally supervised
basic maintenance of the site. It also did what it could to promote the site and help
commemorate the early settlement; the organization collaborated with the Roanoke Island
Celebration Company, and together they planned an exposition in 1902. The Roanoke Colony
Memorial Association also worked on its continuing efforts to celebrate the birth of Virginia
Dare on August 18 of each year.217 In 1907 one member of the group participated in the
Jamestown Exposition, contributing copies of the John White watercolors for a special
exhibit.
218
215Cited in Powell 1965, 80-1.
216Powell 1965, 83-4.
217Ibid., 84.
218Ibid.; See Mary Hilliard Hinton, The North Carolina Historical Exhibit at the Jamestown Ter-Centennial
Exposition, Norfolk, Virginia, April 26-December I, 1907 (Raleigh: North Carolina Historical Commission, 1908).


--- page 75 ---
70
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Nonetheless, the Roanoke Colony Memorial Association continued to face numerous
difficulties; the most important remained a lack of funds. The association still hoped to build a
proper gateway to the fort and procure federal funds for a separate memorial to Virginia
Dare.219 Finally, in the 1920s, it began a major campaign to accomplish some of its goals. In
1926 Congressman Lindsay Warren successfully sponsored a bill to authorize $2,500 to erect
“a tablet or marker at Sir Walter Raleigh Fort on Roanoke Island, North Carolina, in memory
of Virginia Dare, who was born there on August 18, 1587, and who was the first child of
English parentage to be born in America.”220 After much delay, a decision was reached to erect
two gateway pillars with commemorative plaques on them at the public road entrance to the
property.221 A major celebration, continuing in the spirit of earlier Virginia Dare
commemorations, was planned and finally held in 1926 as well. This event, held on the
anniversary of Virginia Dare’s birth, attracted a number of congressmen from North Carolina
and Virginia, as well as a large crowd of enthusiastic supporters. Sir Esme Howard, the British
ambassador to the United States, was the keynote speaker, and President Calvin Coolidge sent
a congratulatory message.222 These events were in many ways the high point for the
association, which had come closer to achieving its goals of thirty years before.
THE RECONSTRUCTED VILLAGE
One of the main ambitions of the Roanoke Colony Memorial Association was to preserve and
promote wider recognition of the Fort Raleigh site. This hope was becoming more of a
possibility after the 1920s with the construction of improved roads and bridges to the
mainland.223 The completion of the entry gate in 1930 was a first step in helping to promote the
site. However, many of the group’s members, as well as local residents and especially
members of the newly formed Roanoke Island Historical Association (incorporated in 1932),
felt that a more tangible exhibit was needed in order to better capture the public’s imagination
and properly celebrate the 350th anniversary of the first Roanoke expedition (1934) and the
birth of Virginia Dare (1937).
219Powell 1965, 84-6,
220Quoted in Powell 1965, 91.
221Powell 1965, 91.
222Ibid., 89-92.
223Stick, 1958, 243-6.


--- page 76 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
71
These groups, like the earlier Roanoke Colony Memorial Association, turned to the federal
government for funding. Busy with urgent recovery legislation to combat the depression, the
U.S. Congress was unable to authorize appropriations, and the Roanoke Island Historical
Association gave up its plans to celebrate the 1934 anniversary.224 Nonetheless, after Franklin
D. Roosevelt’s Emergency Relief Act passed in 1933, an increasing amount of money became
available to local communities for state park and recreation projects.225 On January 10, 1934,
the Roanoke Colony Memorial Association transferred the 16.45-acre Fort Raleigh site to the
North Carolina Historical Commission, which later became the North Carolina Department of
Archives and History.226 As a park owned by the State of North Carolina, the fort and
surrounding acreage became eligible candidates for Works Progress Administration (WPA)
funds. A number of local residents and entrepreneurs saw in the New Deal programs an
opportunity to help preserve a piece of early American history and to enhance the interpretive
potential of the Fort Raleigh site.227
Prime movers behind this ambitious development of the site were the artist Frank Stick of
Elizabeth City, J. B. Jeffreys of the State Highway Commission, and Bruce Etheridge, a
Roanoke Island native and head of the North Carolina Department of Conservation and
Development.228 The governor appointed these three men to a commission to supervise the
development of the site, and Frank Stick conducted the background research and planned the
general design of the site. On the basis of his study, the commission decided to build a
community representative of what the Roanoke colonists would have built at such a site and
consisting of dwellings, related buildings, and a church. National emergency agencies such as
the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC), the Civil Works Administration, and later the Works
224Powell 1965, 141.
225For more information on New Deal programs to combat the depression, in particular the founding of the
Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC), see John A. Salmond, The Civilian Conservation Corps, 1933-1942: A New Deal
Case Study (Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1967), John C. Paige, The Civilian Conservation Corps and the
National Park Service, 1933-1942, An Administrative History (Washington DC: National Park Service, U.S.
Department of the Interior, 1985), and Harlan D. Unrau and G. Frank Williss, Administrative History: The Expansion
of the National Park Service in the 1930s (Washington, DC: National Park Service, U.S. Department of the Interior,
September 1983), 75-105.
226Powell 1965, 95, 145. The same year the association also donated its assets to the University of North
Carolina to purchase and preserve books, pamphlets, and manuscripts relating to Sir Walter Raleigh and the Roanoke
expeditions.
227David Stick, “A Half-Century of Observation, n.d.” Unedited manuscript, I, 11-5, Fort Raleigh National
Historic Site, Roanoke Island, North Carolina.
228Powell 1965, 142-3.


--- page 77 ---
72
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Progress Administration (WPA) provided labor as well as funds for equipment and material to
construct the Village.
229
Figure 27. Entrance to Fort Raleigh,
January 1938
Figure 28. Capt. Jeff Hayman, caretaker at Fort
Raleigh, May 1938
Supervised by Albert Quentin Bell, work on the village began in 1934 with the help of WPA
funds. Men from the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) stationed on Roanoke Island, as well
as locals, helped in the construction.230 The representative settlement included a chapel, the
Ananias Dare Cabin, the John White House, and several other structures composed of hand-
hewn native juniper logs, stone foundations and chimneys, and thatched roofs.231 Two log
guardhouses concealed the 1930 brick and limestone gateposts at the entrance to the site. The
Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument erected by the Roanoke Colony Memorial
Association was moved outside the fort compound, and the split rail fence surrounding it was
taken down.232 The centerpiece of the project was a reconstructed blockhouse (storehouse) in
the middle of the fort, which was completed with a palisade of upright juniper logs. The
blockhouse contained stone foundations, hewn logs, an overhanging second story, and a roof
of rough planks. A palisade of juniper logs enclosed the entire area of the recreated village and
fort complex while a museum building with glass windows and a substantial floor was built to
229Ibid.
230Ibid., 142; Stick 1958, 249.
231“History of the Production, n.d.,” TMs, p. 23, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, Roanoke Island, North
Carolina.
232Harrington 1984, 5; Powell 1965, 81.


--- page 78 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
73
the northwest of the fort.233
This newly constructed “Cittie of Ralegh” was an immediate success with the public, including
the local residents and an increasing number of tourists. Unfortunately, the reconstruction was
not at all accurate, and scholarship had shown—and was to demonstrate increasingly in the
future—that log structures of this type were not commonly used by English settlers of this
period. The reconstruction of the fort and village, nonetheless, played an important role in
local life, and many local residents had a great affection for this development that had helped
to bring both recognition and tourist dollars to their area. The chapel soon became a popular
spot for local weddings, and many native islanders still speak fondly of the “old chapel” that
they had embraced as their own.234
Figure 29. WPA-reconstructed Fort Raleigh, January 1938
233Powell 1965, 143-4.
234Bebe Woody, Personal Communication, 4 April 1990.


--- page 79 ---
74
Figure 30. Chapel at Fort Raleigh, 1938
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Figure 31. Chapel Interior, 1938
Figure 32. Museum at Fort Raleigh, c. 1937


--- page 80 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
75
The Roanoke Island Historical Association pressed on with its development plans throughout
the 1930s. Several members wished “to establish and maintain a museum of Indian and early
colonial antiquities.”235 The North Carolina Historical Commission gave support to the idea,
and used one of the recreated cottages near the fort as a museum. The exhibits utilized pictures,
maps, books, archeological findings, and Native American artifacts to describe the Roanoke
expeditions and the lives of the colonists. In 1940 Caroline Stringfield was appointed as a
curator to manage the small collection of mostly donated materials.236
THE ROANOKE COLONY PAGEANTS AND “THE LOST COLONY” PRODUCTION
The commemorative efforts of the Roanoke Colony Memorial Association were closely tied to
a tradition of pageantry centering on the Fort Raleigh site. Celebrations of Virginia Dare’s
birth had been held since the 1890s, when Sallie Southall Cotten first began to press for
recognition of the woman’s role in American colonization.237 Indeed, one of the goals of the
Roanoke Colony Memorial Association was to observe Virginia Dare’s birthday, and at their
first meeting on August 18, 1894, they held such a celebration.238 In 1902, this modest tradition
expanded to the level of a conference, sponsored originally by the Roanoke Island Celebration
Committee, an arm of the State Literary and Historical Association. The committee later
became known as the Roanoke Island Celebration Company, and plans were made for a major
exposition in 1905.239 These proposals fell through, leaving the Roanoke Colony Memorial
Association with the responsibility to continue to carry on the campaign to celebrate the
colony’s founding and Virginia Dare’s birthday.
In addition to speeches, conferences, and dedication ceremonies, an important local tradition of
dramatic celebrations centering on the fort site emerged. S. Weir Mitchell’s dramatic poem,
“Francis Drake, A Tragedy of the Sea,” was presented publicly by the author in 1893 to raise
money for the purchase of the Fort Raleigh site. Fifteen years later, Frederick Koch wrote a
play entitled “Raleigh, the Shepherd of the Ocean,” which included the characters of Sir
Walter Raleigh, John White, Manteo, and Wanchese, as well as references to Roanoke Island
and the “Lost Colony.”240 Intended for production in 1918, but canceled due to the influenza
235Quoted in Powell 1965, 160.
236Powell 1965, 160.
237Ibid., 52-6.
238Ibid., 86.
239Ibid., 84, 105.
240Ibid., 113; “History of the Production,” n.d., 1-2.


--- page 81 ---
76
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
epidemic of that year, Koch’s play was finally performed in autumn 1920, when it was
favorably received at the State Fair in Raleigh. Elizabeth Grimball of New York directed the
actors from Raleigh and the 345-voice choir from Meredith College (in Raleigh as well). The
Raleigh News and Observer praised the drama as “the first example of the community drama
ever to have been given in this vicinity.”241
The success of Koch’s play probably led to an educational film made on the Fort Raleigh site
in 1921. Sponsored by the Bureau of Community Service of the North Carolina Board of
Education, the film was directed by Elizabeth Grimball and produced by the Atlas Film
Corporation of Chicago. The production used local residents, as well as people from Elizabeth
City and Edenton, as principal players and for smaller roles. Mabel Evans [Jones],
Superintendent of Schools in Dare County, completed the script, based on a series of
pamphlets produced by the state historical commission containing reprints of accounts of the
Roanoke expeditions.242 The final product was a five-reel film, with an accompanying eleven-
page pamphlet issued by the State Superintendent of Public Instruction. Both were distributed
around the state for showings.243
The Raleigh Colony film encouraged further and more elaborate pageantry. In 1925, Virginia
Dare’s birthday was celebrated as an outdoor pageant, with many of the same people acting the
parts they played in the film. Mabel Evans once again wrote the script, and the drama was
produced in a ravine on the north end of Roanoke Island.244 The idea of an annual pageant was
embraced, and some form of the drama was presented in the following years. In 1933, Mabel
Evans wrote a new script called “America Dawning.” Produced at a district meeting of the
American Legion Auxiliary held in Columbia, South Carolina, the script encouraged the idea
of a more permanent and regular production and laid the basis for future performances.245
The theatrical productions and the annual celebrations began to finally coalesce in the early
1930s. Since the 1920s, W. O. Saunders, the editor of the Elizabeth City Independent, had been
241Quoted in Powell 1965, 113-4.
242Powell 1965, 115-6; “History of the Production,” 2-4. Evans also played the part of Eleanor Dare in the
film production.
243Powell 1965, 120, 123. According to Steve Harrison at Cape Hatteras National Seashore, the park has a
copy of the original film on video tape.
244Ibid., 123.
245Ibid., 124-5; “History of the Production,” 4-5.


--- page 82 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
77
promoting the idea of a major celebration for 1934 to mark the 350th anniversary of the
Amadas and Barlowe Expedition of 1584.246 Incorporated in 1932, the Roanoke Island
Historical Association, was organized (in part) in preparation for this event and to “celebrate
and depict by exhibitions, pageants, reproductions, and by broadcasting and publishing historic
narratives and records, the birth of English-speaking civilization on Roanoke Island.”247 While
the economic situation of the country discouraged the major exposition that the group
intended, the local chamber of commerce continued with its own plans for a “Dare County
Homecoming,” which included a professionally produced pageant and other events celebrating
the early settlement.248
The pageant-organizing services of the Harrington-Russell Festivals Company in Asheville
were engaged, and in August 1934, the event was finally held-supported, primarily, by the
local chamber of commerce.249 The celebration included baseball games, bands, cake sales,
etc., as well as numerous speeches by local dignitaries and esteemed visitors. President
Franklin Roosevelt sent a message of felicitation.250 The main event, however, was the
production of a new play concerning the Amadas and Barlowe expedition, Ralph Lane, and the
Lost Colony. Written by Edith Russell, the play followed in the tradition of earlier plays by
Mabel Evans. Called “O Brave New World,” the play was presented on an outdoor stage at the
north end of the island-on the site of the present Waterside Theater. Unlike earlier dramas,
this production was performed at night, and electric lights were strung from the fort and the
reconstructed village to the site.251 The pageant and the event were a great success, and
together with the gradual restoration of the fort site and the recreated village beginning in
1934, they helped to set the precedent for a more permanent drama.
“The Lost Colony” production of the late 1930s would in large part grow out of the 1934
“Homecoming” pageant. The first efforts in organizing this performance were undertaken by
the Roanoke Island Historical Association, which almost immediately after the 1934
production began to plan for a celebration in 1937 marking the 350th anniversary of the John
246Powell 1965, 125; Keith Saunders, The Independent Man (Raleigh: Edwards and Broughton, 1962), 205-8.
247The Roanoke Island Historical Association’s Charter, Quoted in Powell 1965, 135.
248Powell 1965, 125.
249Ibid., 126-7.
250Ibid., 126.
251Ibid., 127; “History of the Production,” 5, 8.


--- page 83 ---
78
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
White colony and the birth of Virginia Dare. The North Carolina playwright Paul Green, who
had studied under Frederick Koch at the University of North Carolina, was invited by the
organization to give his ideas on the production. Already famous for his Pulitzer Prize-winning
play “In Abraham’s Bosom,” produced in New York in 1926-7, Green agreed to write a new
version of the colonization story for the 1937 season.252 However, because of the Roanoke
Island Historical Association’s hesitation, a new temporary organization, known as the
Roanoke Colony Memorial Association of Manteo and spearheaded by local businessman
Bradford Fearing, was organized.253 As a result, Paul Green signed a contract with this new
group on January 18, 1937, to produce the play for $1 500.254
Figure 33. CCC camp at Fort Raleigh
During the early part of 1937, the local community began a major campaign to prepare for the
summer’s anniversary celebration. Much of the work on the “restored” village had been
completed by local laborers and (after 1934) with the help of Civilian Conservation Corps
252Powell 1965, 146-7; “History of the Production,” 9. For more information on Paul Green and his work, see
Vincent S. Kenny, Paul Green (New York: Twayne Publishers, Inc., 1971) and William J. Free and Charles B. Lower,
History into Drama: A Source Book on Symphonic Drama, Including the Complete Text of Paul Green's  “The Lost
Colony” (New York: The Odyssey Press, 1963).
253“History of the Production,” 8.
254Powell 1965, 147-8. By this time, Green had already completed part of the play.


--- page 84 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
79
enrollees.255 In 1937, young men from the same program were put to work laying out a new
outdoor theater on the site used for the 1934 production. Albert Quentin “Skipper” Bell, who
with Frank Stick had been responsible for the construction of the village, designed and
supervised the building of the amphitheater, which was completed only a few hours before the
play began.256
Assistance for the production was given by the North Carolina Historical Commission and by
private donors, including the Rockefeller Foundation, which furnished an electric organ.
Federal programs, the University of North Carolina, Dare County Commissioners, and the
Dare Chamber of Commerce provided funds as well as logistical and moral support. Through
the resources of the Federal Theatre Project of the Works Progress Administration (WPA),
professional actors were employed to play the principal roles and paid Federal Theatre wages.
Civilian Conservation Corps workers served as extras, particularly as Native Americans. In
addition, many local citizens were enlisted to perform in minor parts.257 Congressman Warren
Figure 34. Building the Waterside Theater. Constructed by the WPA. June 1937
255Stick 1958, 248-9; Powell 1965, 142.
256Powell 1965, 151-2; “History of the Production,” 9-10.
257Powell 1965, 152.


--- page 85 ---
80
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
was again a staunch advocate and invited President Roosevelt to attend the anniversary
performance celebrating Virginia Dare’s birth.258
Figure 35. Franklin D. Roosevelt at Fort Raleigh,
August 18, 1937
Figure 36. Franklin D. Roosevelt at the Virginia
Dare ceremonies, August 18, 1937
“The Lost Colony” production opened on July 4, 1937, to an enthusiastic response. It received
national coverage; The New York Times critic Brooks Atkinson viewed the play on August 15,
1937, and reported favorably on the drama. Three days later, on August 18, President Franklin
D. Roosevelt attended the Virginia Dare ceremonies on Roanoke Island and witnessed a
performance of “The Lost Colony.”259 Roosevelt also signed a birth certificate for Virginia
Dare, further honoring the event.260 His address, entitled “Majority Rule Must be Preserved as
the Safeguard of Both Liberty and Civilization,” was well received, and sometime thereafter a
small, flat concrete slab was placed between the earthen fort and the theater to commemorate
the event and mark the spot from which President Roosevelt spoke. The rough inscription on
the one-foot square marker reads “SPOKE F.D.R. 8/18/37.” A small, polished granite marker
was also placed in the theater to honor Roosevelt’s presence at the twenty-third performance of
“The Lost Colony” on the 350th anniversary of Virginia Dare’s birth. The simple 22.25” by
17.5” plaque reads:
258Ibid., 149, 151-2.
259Ibid., 154; “History of the Production,” 10-1.
260David Brook, Deputy State Historic Preservation Officer, Raleigh, North Carolina, to Robert W. Blythe,
National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia, 25 August 1997.


--- page 86 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
81
On This Spot
FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT
Witnessed the
23rd Performance of
“THE LOST COLONY”
August 18, 1937
Figure 37. Franklin D. Roosevelt Theater Marker,
1990
Figure 38. F.D.R. Marker, 1997
With both a favorable review and the president’s visit, “The Lost Colony” attracted numerous
visitors to the site. Soon it was clear that the production must continue and become a more
permanent feature of the Fort Raleigh site. After much discussion, it was determined that the
Roanoke Island Historical Association would assume production of the drama. A few years
later, the National Park Service, in its negotiations with the North Carolina Historical
Commission and the Roanoke Island Historical Association, agreed that the association could
continue “The Lost Colony” productions when the NPS assumed ownership of the site in
1939.
261
The 1939 production season was successful, and in summer 1940, the decision was made to
henceforth present the drama every summer. The press release stated that “the decision to
make the drama a permanent summer attraction attests to the rising popularity and nationwide
interest in the pageant dramatizing one of the most intriguing mysteries in early American
history.”262 Interrupted by World War II in 1942, “The Lost Colony” was revived in 1946.
261Powell 1965, 162-6; “Revised Statement for Management, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1994,” 6.
262Quoted in Powell 1965, 166.


--- page 87 ---
82
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Although the production has continued over the years, the Waterside Theater and stage settings
have changed. On July 24, 1947, a fire almost completely destroyed the theater. It damaged the
sets, props, and most of the main stage, including the stockade, the chapel, and two cabins. It
also destroyed the whole left stage containing the shop, the scenery docks, and the dressing
rooms. In addition, the choir stall, the electric organ, and all the supplies, records, and tools
were lost. Nonetheless, Albert Q. Bell, who designed the original Waterside Theater, believed
that they could rebuild it within six days. With the support of the staff and locals, this goal was
achieved just in time to resume performances for that year.263
Figure 39. Waterside Theater fire damage,
July 1947
Figure 40. Rebuilding the Waterside Theater,
July 1947
The Waterside Theater was seriously damaged again when Hurricane Donna struck the Outer
Banks on September 11, 1960. Over 10,000 square feet of the theater was destroyed, and the
house, stationary set, scenery, and props were ruined. Although the costumes were saved, it
cost almost $50,000 to repair the damage and another $50,000 to remodel the entire theater.264
However, the National Park Service was in the process of reformulating the interpretive
program at Fort Raleigh and questioned the authenticity of the log-cabin construction of the
theater and village. Consequently, the Waterside Theater was rebuilt according to new
scholarship; the exteriors of the structures were converted to wattle and daub, and the roofs
were stripped of thatch and shingled. In addition, changes were made to modernize the facility.
To accomplish this, the designers added a second scene dock, moved the costume shop,
widened the center backstage area, relocated the fireworks pier, and redesigned the ship’s
263“History of the Production,” 18-9; Powell 1965, 193-5.
264Powell 1965, 196.


--- page 88 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
83
Figure 41. Damage to Waterside Theater caused by
Hurricane Donna, October 13, 1960
Figure 42. Damage to Waterside Theater caused by
Hurricane Donna, October 14, 1960
Figure 43. Rebuilding the Waterside Theater after Hurricane Donna, October 1961


--- page 89 ---
84
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
track.265 The basically new theater was dedicated on July 14, 1962,266 and has continued in use
every summer since that time.
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE EFFORTS
In May 1936, members of the Roanoke Colony Memorial Association joined North Carolina
Congressman Lindsay C. Warren in requesting that the federal government assume ownership
of the Fort Raleigh property. The National Park Service (NPS) hired Dr. Frederick Tilberg to
conduct a preliminary study utilizing historical documents to determine the authenticity of the
site. The NPS then accepted ownership of the site based on Tilberg’s findings.267 On March 29,
1939, Oscar L. Chapman, Assistant Secretary of the Interior, and D. Bradford Fearing,
President of the Roanoke Island Historical Association, signed an agreement in which the NPS
would assume ownership of the site and the association would continue production of Paul
Green’s “The Lost Colony.” Several months later, on July 14, 1939, the State of North
Carolina officially transferred the historic site, including approximately 16.45 acres, to the
National Park Service.268 The federal government then established the Fort Raleigh National
Historic Site by Secretarial Order (9 FR 244) on April 5, 1941, to preserve lands declared “to
be of national significance as a portion of the colonial settlement or settlements established in
America by Sir Walter Raleigh, 1585-1587.”269 The order also recognized the agreement made
with the Roanoke Island Historical Association for the annual presentation of “The Lost
Colony” drama at the Waterside Theater.270
The NPS performed essentially a caretaker role during the World War II years, but after 1946,
with the revival of “The Lost Colony” production, it began to take more positive steps to
develop the historic site. In 1947 and 1948, Jean C. “Pinky” Harrington, an NPS archeologist
with experience at Yorktown and Jamestown, began a systematic survey of the fort site. The
investigations revealed the identity, type of construction, and basic plan of a fortification
265“History of the Production,” 23-4.
266Powell 1965, 196.
267Ibid., 162. See Frederick Tilberg, “Preliminary Study Relative to the Location and Manner of Construction
of the Original Fort Raleigh, 1937,” TMs, Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service,
Atlanta, Georgia, and Frederick Tilberg, “Report on the Fort Site Known as Fort Raleigh, Roanoke Island, NC, October
1936,” TMs, Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
268Powell 1965, 164-6.
269Quoted in “Revised Statement for Management, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1994,” 2, 6.
270Ibid., 6.


--- page 90 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
85
believed to be associated with Ralph Lane’s colony of 1585-6. Harrington also conducted
routine testing of other areas in the vicinity of the fort to attempt to locate the settlement site.
Although unsuccessful, he concluded that the “village” may have been in the area immediately
to the west of the fort.271
Figure 44. Reconstructing Fort Raleigh, c. 1950
Figure 45. Reconstructing Fort Raleigh, c. 1950
Harrington’s work, combined with new scholarship (in particular that of British historian
David Quinn), resulted in a radical reformulation of the interpretive program at Fort Raleigh.272
Beginning in 1950, many of the 1930s and earlier changes to the site were reversed based on
new archeological evidence. In 1950, Harrington renewed his investigations at the historic site.
The objectives of this inquiry were to completely excavate the remainder of the fort site and to
reconstruct the fort and stabilize it as a park exhibit. Although no major discoveries were
made, a second entrance to the fort was unearthed, a feature which may have been one long
structure (35’ x 10’) or two smaller ones (15’ x 10’) was detected, and several artifacts,
including Native American objects, Spanish olive jars, lead musket balls, a small iron sickle,
and several unidentified iron objects, were found.273 Following the completion of the
271Harrington 1984, 6-8; Jean C. Harrington, “Archeological Explorations at Fort Raleigh National Historic
Site, August 1948,” TMs, p 30, Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta,
Georgia. The shape of the earthwork fort on Roanoke Island resembles the small earthwork erected by Ralph Lane in
Puerto Rico on the way to the Outer Banks.
272See Quinn 1955; and Charles W. Porter, III, “Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina: Part of
the Settlement Sites of Sir Walter Raleigh’s Colonies of 1585-1586 and 1587,” North Carolina Historical Review 20:
22-42.
273Jean C. Harrington, “Preliminary Report, Archeological Explorations, Reconstruction, and Stabilization of
Fort Raleigh, 1950 Season,” TMs, p. 1-8, Cultural Resource Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service,
Atlanta, Georgia. See Jean C. Harrington, Search for the Cittie of Raleigh: Archaeological Excavations at Fort
Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina (Washington, DC: National Park Service, U.S. Department of the
Interior, 1962), 12-23, 40-6. The excavations confirmed that the shape of the fort was similar to the one built by Ralph


--- page 91 ---
86
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
archeological investigations, reconstruction of the earthwork fort was begun. Since the precise
amount of earth necessary for reconstructing the parapet was known, as well as its width, little
conjecture was involved. In addition, descriptions of and instructions for building earthworks
of the period, including John White’s drawings of similar structures, survived to provide
further reference. However, no serious thought was given to recreating the structure(s) in the
interior of the fort or the devices for protecting the two entrances.274
Figure 46. Reconstructed earthwork fort, late 1950s
Figure 47. Former entrance to Fort Raleigh,
February 1960
Lane during the expedition’s stop in Puerto Rico. It also determined that the south bastion was hexagonal, and not
circular, in shape. This hexagonal bastion is suggestive of one at Fort St. George, the Popham settlement of 1607 in
Maine (Harrington 1950, 4).
274Harrington 1984, 14-5.


--- page 92 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
87
As built, the reconstructed earthwork fort is a fairly typical, smaller artillery and musketry
fortification of the late sixteenth century. Measuring approximately seventy feet square
between bastion points, the structure consists of earthen walls extending approximately five
feet above grade, surrounded by a perimeter ditch. There are two triangular earthen bastions on
the east and north sides and an octagonal bastion on the south. The entrance is through the
fourth, “broken,” bastion on the west. A firing banquette runs along the inner perimeter of the
parapet walls. The structure is situated in an open area, approximately four hundred feet east of
the Fort Raleigh visitor center. It is surrounded by woods on the east and north and by a natural
area and the Waterside Theater on the west and northwest. The site is sodded to prevent
erosion and identified by a marker for park visitors.
As part of the new interpretive program and the
reconstruction of the earthwork fort, the
remaining pieces of the 1934-period log
palisade (stockade) and log blockhouse were
dismantled.275 Both the original stone gates and
later log gates to the site were removed and
replaced by a new entrance way and sign. The
reconstructed village buildings, including the
chapel and the “John White Cottage,” were 
Figure 48. Former entrance to Fort Raleigh,
allowed to fall into disrepair and eventually
 February 1960
razed because they were an inaccurate portrayal of sixteenth-century English building types.276
Ironically, the chapel had acquired considerable sentimental significance by this time, and
many local residents regretted, and to some degree resented, the NPS’s removal of the
building.
277
275Harrington, “Archeological Explorations at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, August 1948,” 5.
276“History of the Production,” 23; Robert Atkinson, “Report on the Operations of the Roanoke Island
Historical Association, Inc., April 19, 1950,” TMs, p. 6, Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office,
National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
277Bebe Woody, Personal Communication, 16 April 1991; Robert H. Atkinson, “Report on the Operations of
the Roanoke Historical Association, Inc., April 1948,” TMs, P. 6, Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support
Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia. According to Atkinson, many local residents were upset that the NPS
allowed the building to disintegrate and then dismantled it. Atkinson’s report stated “Because of the many christenings
and weddings that have been performed in the chapel, there is quite a sentiment attached to it; and for the Service to
raze it would be inviting ill-feeling toward the Service among local people. Even now, there is criticism concerning the
neglected repairs.”


--- page 93 ---
88
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Although the reconstructed fort was complete,
the National Park Service continued to conduct
archeological investigations to locate the
settlement site of the Roanoke colonists. In
summer 1953, limited archeological
explorations were conducted in the area
immediately to the west of the site before the
construction of the Elizabethan Gardens near
the park’s boundary. No significant findings
were encountered, and no evidence as to the
location of the habitation site was unearthed.278
In 1964 and 1965, further study uncovered a 
Figure 49. J. C. Harrington working on excavations
feature which presumably had a military 
at Fort Raleigh, October 1965
function and was described as an outwork.
Located slightly to the northwest of the fort site,
the feature included a sunken square, wedged
logs, an outer ditch, and artifacts such as Native
American pottery sherds, part of a ceramic bottle,
bricks, and fragments of roofing tiles.279
In addition to exploring the site’s archeological
resources, the National Park Service began a
more systematic program of interpretation during
the 1950s and 1960s. This included the removal
of the old museum, the erection of new signs and
Figure 50. Mission 66 project at Fort Raleigh,
markers, and the construction of new pathways,
March 1962
278Harrington 1962, 5; Jean C. Harrington, “Report on the Archeological Explorations in Elizabethan Gardens
Area, 1953,” TMs, p.2-3, Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta,
Georgia.
279Jean Carl Harrington, “The 1965 Archeological Excavations at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site,” TMs,
p. 9, 18-30, Cultural Resource Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia; Jean Carl
Harrington, An Outwork at Fort Raleigh (Philadelphia: Eastern National Park and Monument Association, 1966), 11,
16, 19.
Years later, Ehrenhard, Athens, and Komara attributed this feature to subsequent colonial fortification
activities. See John E. Ehrenhard, William P. Athens, and Gregory L. Komara, “Remote Sensing Investigations at Fort
Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina, 1983,” TMs, p. 6, 19,25, Southeast Archeological Center, Tallahassee,
Florida, copy on file at the Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta,
Georgia.


--- page 94 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
89
parking lots, and visitor facilities. The park’s boundary was increased as well.280 In January
1965, construction on a new visitor’s center near the former stockade entrance was begun. This
new building contained exhibits describing expeditions to the New World, the Roanoke Island
voyages, the life of the colonists, the fort and its significance, and later English colonization of
America. It also included a room with oak paneling from an English Elizabethan house, meant
to depict life in sixteenth-century England. An administrative building for all park service
activities in the area and other structures were also added,281 mainly between 1963 and 1966, as
a part of the Mission 66 program to accommodate the growing number of visitors.
In the 1980s the National Park Service conducted several (largely inconclusive) archeological
investigations to once again attempt to locate the habitation site. The remote sensing
investigations carried out in 1982 to the west of the reconstructed fort suggest that some type
of undated structure and activity occurred in the area.282 The following year, the NPS
completed additional resistivity surveys at Fort Raleigh to test a feature uncovered by aerial
photography to the south of the reconstructed earthwork fort. The results of the survey
revealed several anomalies which may relate to the English attempts to colonize the area or
indicate that the fort was larger than archeologists assumed.283 In summer, 1983, the NPS
conducted additional research to determine whether or not the recorded features and anomalies
were associated with the Roanoke colonies. These archeological investigations were largely
inconclusive and revealed data which archeologists “think can be interpreted as relating to
colonial activity.”284 Two years later, the NPS again explored an unidentified anomaly, hoping
it would provide some insight into the location of the settlement site. These unusual features,
however, were caused by recent events, and included a ditch dug and refilled in the 1920s and
a trash pit dating to the 1960 park construction projects.285
280Both the Secretarial Order of January 3, 1952, and the Act of August 17, 1961, expanded the authorized
boundary of the historic site. See “Revised Statement for Management Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1994,” 2.
281Powell 1965, 199-201.
282Ehrenhard, Athens, and Komara 1983, 1, 62-6.
283William P. Athens, “Soil Resistivity Investigations at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1984,” TMs, p. 1,
7-12, Southeast Archeological Center, National Park Service, Tallahassee, Florida, copy on file at the Cultural
Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
284John E. Ehrenhard and Gregory L. Komara, “Archeological Investigations at Fort Raleigh National Historic
Site, Season 2, 1983 (February 1984),” TMs, p. 1-2, Southeast Archeological Center, National Park Service,
Tallahassee, Florida, copy on file at the Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service,
Atlanta, Georgia.
285Walker and Cooper 1989, i.


--- page 95 ---
90
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
More recently, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site has undergone another series of changes in
the 1990s. On November 16, 1990, President Bush signed an act (P.L. 101-603) authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 335 acres on the north end of Roanoke
Island as additions to the park. The act also redefined the purpose of the park to include the
preservation and interpretation of the first English colony in the New World, as well as the
history of Native Americans, European Americans, and African Americans who lived on
Roanoke Island.286 The NHS’s authorized boundary now contains 512.93 acres, with
approximately 355.45 acres owned by the park, 18.09 acres retained by the State of North
Carolina, and 139.39 acres in private hands.287
After the addition of this new land, the NPS collaborated on a series of archeological digs in an
attempt to uncover more information concerning the Roanoke colonies. Between 1991 and
1993, the Virginia Company Foundation (VCF) reviewed artifacts and field notes from earlier
digs and focused their excavations on an area located to the west of the reconstructed fort,
presumably associated with the 1585-6 colony of Ralph Lane. First discovered by Harrington
in the 1950s and referred to as an “outwork,” the site held artifacts indicating that it was a
science center used by the 1585-6 colony to assess the commercial potential of the land. Ivor
Noel Hume, director of the VCF’s investigations, examined earlier findings from the site and
determined that they were all associated with the metallurgical and distilling operations of the
center. He concluded that the rounded bricks uncovered by Harrington were really deliberately
shaped to provide the round openings for a metallurgical and distilling furnace, while the
pieces of pottery were actually from metallurgical crucibles, bottles, flasks, and ointment pots
used by apothecaries.288 The pieces of copper and iron that Harrington discovered in the 1950s
could also be associated with the science center operations. However, based on Harrington’s
find of two pieces of metal beneath the remaining earthworks, Noel Hume has argued that the
fortification is of a later date than the science center, perhaps even dating to the eighteenth
century.289
In 1994 and 1995, the VCF led a series of digs near the reconstructed fort to reexamine
features recorded by Harrington in his earlier investigations and to study a previously
286“Revised Statement for Management Fort Raleigh National Historic Site. 1994,” 2.
287Ibid., 10. Rial Corporation is in the process of developing their 91.87-acre tract, and the property of the
Harvey family, a 46.55-acre tract near Weir Point, may also be developed.
288Noel Hume, “Roanoke Island: America’s First Science Center,” 7.
289Ibid., 14.


--- page 96 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
91
unexplored area away from the fort and toward the Thomas Hariot Nature Trail. Although the
study did unearth several European artifacts dating to the sixteenth century, no features were
discovered.290 Nonetheless, based on recent scholarship and findings, several archeologists
believe that the reconstructed fort is not “Ralph Lane’s fort” or a later fortification, but an
earthen fort erected by Lane’s soldiers to defend the science center, much like the earthwork
they built to protect the salt mounds in Puerto Rico. This possibility gains plausibility given
that tensions with the Native American population grew as the year progressed. If this science
center is separate from the fort and settlement sites, then the remains of the Roanoke colonies
are not necessarily in the area investigated by previous archeological excavations.291
The National Park Service’s period of development of Fort Raleigh National Historic Site
marked a transition from locally supported commemorative efforts to recognition on a national
level. The NPS introduced greater accuracy in exhibits, including the reconstructed fort, and
also encouraged more authentic presentations of sixteenth-century English life in its lectures
and publications. The NPS continues to operate the historic site and conduct archeological
investigations to learn more about the Roanoke colonies. It has also maintained special use
agreements with the Roanoke Island Historical Association, which manages “The Lost
Colony” productions.
ASSOCIATED P ROPERTIES
Most of the resources associated with this context represent the commemorative efforts
centered on Fort Raleigh, a site related to the first English attempts to establish a colony on the
north end of Roanoke Island. The Roanoke Colony/Virginia Dare Monument was one of the
first markers erected to honor this site and the birth of the first child of English parentage in
North America, Virginia Dare. Placed in 1896, the monument was moved in the 1930s when
several groups and individuals joined to further revere the site and create a larger, more
elaborate commemorative program to interpret it. Although no structures remain on NPS
properties, this project included creating a representative village of cottages, a chapel, and
associated buildings in the vicinity of the fort. The village was built by local labor and men
from the CCC, who may have been stationed at Camp Wirth (presumably named after Conrad
L. Wirth, the landscape architect and planner who led the NPS’s CCC programs in the state
290The Virginia Company Foundation, “Virginia Company Foundation Fort Raleigh Archeological Project
1994 & 1995” TMs, copy on file at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, Manteo, North Carolina. For more information
on the 1994-1995 archeological investigations, see Nicholas M. Luccketti, Fort Raleigh Archeological Project,
1994/1995 Survey Report (Jamestown, VA: Virginia Company Foundation and the Association for the Preservation of
Virginia Antiquities, December 1996).
291The Virginia Company Foundation, 33-4.


--- page 97 ---
92
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
parks and who later became NPS director). However, all that remains of Camp Wirth, a WPA
camp for workers employed in New Deal activities on the Outer Banks, are some septic tanks
and a few concrete foundations just west of the Dough cemetery.
Part of the commemorative efforts centered on the site and the history of the Roanoke
expeditions include the production of Paul Green’s drama, “The Lost Colony.” The Waterside
Theater, built in 1937 for its first performance, continues to present the show. Also associated
with this event and the celebration of Virginia Dare’s birth are two small markers
commemorating Franklin D. Roosevelt’s attendance at the August 18, 1937, production
honoring Virginia Dare.
The reconstructed earthwork fort is perhaps the most noticeable resource representing the
efforts to depict and interpret the site. Completed in the 1950s, the fort stands on the-north end
of Roanoke Island on the site traditionally associated with and known since the nineteenth
century as Fort Raleigh, a fortification built by members of Ralph Lane’s colony. The
reconstruction of this fort was part of a radical reformulation of the interpretive program of the
site by the National Park Service in the 1950s. Based on new scholarship and new
archeological evidence, the NPS encouraged greater accuracy in the exhibits, removed the
1930s additions to the site, and rebuilt the fortification. More recent archeological findings
suggest that the earthen fort may have been a redoubt to protect the neighboring science
center’s operations.292
Associative Characteristics/Significance
While the Fort Raleigh National Historic Site is nationally significant for its association with
early English colonization efforts in North America (see Chapter 1), the preservation and
commemoration efforts of the site for more than 135 years represent an additional area of
significance. The site is exceptional for the degree of local and state attention and for the
richness of its historical associations. Both the Fort Raleigh Reconstructed Earthwork Fort and
the Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument are significant for their connection with
successive efforts to preserve evidence of, recognize, and celebrate early English exploration
and settlement in the New World. Specifically, they were intended to underline the
unsuccessful colonization of what was then known as Virginia in the period between 1584 and
1590, when the English first discovered Roanoke Island, sent settlers there, and then found the
colony abandoned. They therefore relate to the “broad patterns” of American history (National
Register Criterion A). They are significant at the state and local levels as representative of
292Ivor Noel Hume, however, suggests that the fortification is of a later date, perhaps as late as the eighteenth
century.


--- page 98 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
93
early preservation efforts of the late nineteenth and early twentieth century, when antiquarian
and patriotic groups first began to systematically recognize, commemorate, and protect
buildings and sites of historic significance.
The Waterside Theater is associated with the North Carolina playwright Paul Green and “The
Lost Colony” production, an important part of commemorative efforts at the site. It also
reflects the efforts to recognize and celebrate early English exploration and settlement in the
New World, especially the Roanoke colonies. In addition, the theater is linked with the Federal
Theater Project and other New deal programs. Camp Wirth and the Franklin D. Roosevelt
markers are also associated with these important events. Camp Wirth may be significant for
the information it may provide concerning New Deal programs on the Outer Banks of North
Carolina (Criterion D). The Franklin D. Roosevelt markers, on the other hand, reflect local and
state efforts to commemorate the site of the Roanoke colonies and Virginia Dare on the 350th
anniversary of her birth. In addition, they mark President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s attendance at
this event and its importance to area residents. As such, the two markers may be locally
significant under this context (Criterion A).
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS /CRITERIA CONSIDERATIONS /INTEGRITY
For a property to be eligible for the National Register (NR), it must satisfy one of the NR
criteria and retain integrity, or the ability of a property to convey its historic significance. To
maintain integrity, a property must possess several, if not most, of the aspects of integrity,
which include location, design, setting, materials, workmanship, feeling, and association.
The Fort Raleigh Reconstructed Earthwork Fort was initially documented in the park’s
National Register listing in 1972, with additional documentation and revisions submitted in
1978. This Historic Resource Study, however, reevaluates earlier research. To be eligible, the
reconstructed earthwork fort must meet one of the four NR criteria as well as Criteria
Consideration E, Reconstructed Properties. A reconstructed property is eligible for the
National Register when it is accurately executed in a suitable environment and presented in a
dignified manner as part of a restoration master plan, and when no other building or structure
with the same associations has survived.293 As part of the NPS’s interpretive plan for the site,
the fort is an accurate reconstruction of the original structure based on archeological
investigations and historical research. Moreover, the reconstruction used materials similar to
the original earthen materials and was built on the original site of a fortification believed to be
associated with the Ralph Lane colony. It is also one of the few structures that reflects the
293National Register Bulletin 15: How to Apply the National Register Criteria for Evaluation, 37.


--- page 99 ---
94
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
importance of the site, the first English settlement in North America, and is significant under
Criterion A (Event). As such, the reconstructed fort is currently eligible for the National
Register under Criteria Consideration E. However, if further research should reveal that the
fortification postdates the period of sixteenth-century English colonization, then the
reconstruction’s National-Register eligibility and interpretation should be reconsidered.
In addition, the reconstructed fort has retained the necessary integrity to be listed on the
register. The location and design of the reconstructed fort have not changed, and archeological
and historical findings still maintain that this reconstruction is accurate. Although the setting
has been altered since the settlement period, some sense of the original condition of the
property is still conveyed by the site, and few changes have been made since the completion of
the reconstruction. Materials are not only original to the reconstruction, but are also similar to
the earthen materials of the early fortification. Indeed, the reconstruction entailed the “reuse”
of original fill, which had eroded. Workmanship is not an applicable category in this instance
for the evaluation of integrity because of the construction materials. As such, the rebuilt
fortification possesses integrity of location, design, setting, materials, feeling, and association,
and maintains the necessary integrity for listing.
The Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument, by location and inference, was included within
the “historic zone” described in the earlier National Register documentation, but was not
specifically described as an eligible contributing structure. The monument is significant under
NR Criterion A, and must be evaluated under Criteria Consideration F, Commemorative
Properties, as well. To be eligible as a commemorative property, the resource’s design, age,
tradition, or symbolic value must invest it with its own historical significance. The monument
has achieved significance in its own right as the original commemorative effort by local and
state groups. Although the structure was moved from its original location during the 1930s
additions to the site, and again c. 1950 during the fort’s reconstruction, its relocation was part
of a preservation/restoration plan and later efforts to commemorate the site. In addition, the
Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument still possesses full integrity of design, materials,
workmanship, feeling, and association. The monument’s surroundings basically remained the
same even after its move. Consequently, it retains an overall integrity of setting, though losing
integrity for original location. Furthermore, the move occurred during a recognized late phase
of the history of the development and preservation of the site by the National Park Service. As
such, the structure maintains an adequate level of integrity and is still eligible for the National
Register under Criteria Consideration F.
Although the F. D. R. Marker is locally significant under NR Criterion A for its association
with the ongoing commemoration of colonization efforts at Roanoke Island, the marker must


--- page 100 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
95
also meet the requirements for Criteria Consideration F, Commemorative Properties. The small
marker continues the tradition of honoring the Roanoke colonists by noting the 350th
anniversary of Virginia Dare’s birth and Franklin D. Roosevelt’s presence at this important
local event. Presumably, it was placed shortly after the president’s visit to Dare County and his
speech extolling the fortitude and courage of early pioneers such as Ananias and Eleanor Dare,
the parents of Virginia Dare. The period in which it was probably placed, the late 1930s, was
an important era in the history of preservation and recognition of Fort Raleigh, the celebrated
site of the Roanoke colonies of 1584-7. Many local individuals may have felt that with the
president’s visit and the anniversary celebration, their efforts to gain national recognition for
the site were finally realized. Thus, the marker has obtained significance in its own right as a
commemorative effort by a local group and their continuous efforts to achieve recognition for
the site. In addition, the small plaque still marks the spot from which President Roosevelt
spoke, and maintains integrity of location, design, setting, materials, feeling, and association.
Consequently, the F. D. R. marker is considered a contributing resource to the historic site.
Like the Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument and the F. D. R. Marker, the Franklin D.
Roosevelt Theater Marker is locally significant under Criterion A for its association with the
ongoing commemoration of the Roanoke colonies and Virginia Dare. The theater marker
honors President Roosevelt’s presence at “The Lost Colony” production celebrating the 350th
anniversary of Virginia Dare’s birth. Presumably, local individuals placed the commemorative
plaque in the late 1930s shortly after this meaningful event and during an important era in the
history of the preservation and recognition of the Fort Raleigh site. Like all National-Register-
eligible commemorative properties, the theater marker’s significance then comes from its value
as a cultural expression from the date of its creation. Local individuals not only continued the
tradition of celebrating the site (which began in 1896 with the Roanoke Colony/Virginia Dare
Monument), but also expressed the renewed importance of the site in the late 1930s. Although
its setting has undergone a few changes, the theater marker still lays in the Waterside Theater
and retains integrity of location, design, materials, workmanship, feeling, and association. As
such, the Franklin D. Roosevelt Marker is a contributing resource to the National Register site,
whose boundaries have been expanded to include the theater marker.
Integrity issues for the Waterside Theater appear to be more problematic and determine the
final evaluation of its significance. The Waterside Theater was first constructed in 1937 on a
site used for local performances as early as 1934. However, the theater was substantially
altered after a fire in 1947, and again between 1960 and 1962 because of further damage
caused by Hurricane Donna. The 1960-62 rebuilding resulted in a replacement of stage sets,
seating, mechanical and maintenance equipment, buildings, and other features to better
accommodate the expanding needs of the production. Further changes in the 1970s included


--- page 101 ---
96
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
additional seating and the replacement of other original features. Currently, the theater
possesses integrity of location and setting, with little integrity of design, feeling, workmanship,
materials, or association with the 1937 period. Because the significance of the structure is its
association with the North Carolina playwright Paul Green, the Federal Theatre Project and
other New Deal programs, and efforts to recognize and celebrate the Roanoke expeditions, the
absence of features dating to this early period argues against its listing as a contributing
feature. Other extant structures in the area and throughout the country better reflect their
association with these persons and events and maintain a higher level of integrity.
Consequently, the theater is currently a non-contributing resource within the National Register
site.
Because there are no standing remains associated with Camp Wirth, the property is not eligible
for the National Register under Criteria A or C. Criterion D, Information Potential, has yet to
be fully addressed. Archeological investigations could potentially uncover findings which may
provide important information concerning the design, structure, spatial relationships, social
dynamics, etc., of WPA work camps and the men involved in New Deal programs.
Consultation with archeologists might determine whether archeological investigations of the
camp site are worth undertaking to evaluate its potential to yield information (Criterion D).
The site is potentially eligible for the National Register until a comprehensive survey is
conducted and a final determination can be made.
Figure 51. Camp Wirth, c. 1938


--- page 102 ---
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Preservation and Recognition, c. 1860-1953
97
ELIGIBLE P ROPERTIES /CONTRIBUTING R ESOURCES
Fort Raleigh Reconstructed Earthwork Fort (1947-1953)
Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument (1896, relocated in the 1930s moved again c. 1950),
contributing as a commemorative property
F.D.R. Marker (1937?), contributing as a commemorative property
Franklin D. Roosevelt Theater Marker (1937?), contributing as a commemorative property
NONELIGIBLE P ROPERTIES /NONCONTRIBUTING R ESOURCES
Waterside Theater (1937, 1947, 1960-62, 1970s)
POTENTIALLY E LIGIBLE ARCHEOLOGICAL R ESOURCES
Camp Wirth (1930s-?)


--- page 103 ---
MANAGEMENT RECOMMENDATIONS
The following management recommendations are offered to help resource managers identify
areas for further research, expand existing interpretive programs, and maintain records related
to historic cultural resources. These management recommendations are a direct result of the
program to update the List of Classified Structures (LCS) and to initiate the Cultural
Landscape Inventory-Level I (CLI-Level I). Included are some preliminary recommendations
for the management and treatment of cultural resources that may require additional funding
and should be incorporated into the Park’s Resource Management Plan (RMP).
The November 16, 1990 act authorizing the NHS’s boundary expansion also redefined its
purpose to include the preservation and interpretation of the first English colony in the New
World, as well as the history of the Native Americans, European Americans, and African
Americans on Roanoke Island. The act also required that “the Secretary [of the Interior], in
conjunction with scholarly and other historic organizations, shall undertake research on the
history and archeology of the historic site, and the associated peoples and events.”294 To date,
little has been done to address the new broad purpose of the park and its history. The area
surrounding Fort Raleigh was the site of many important events and activities, including
Native American habitation, the first attempt by the English to establish a permanent
settlement in North America, Civil War actions, a Freedmen’s community, pioneer radio
experiments by Reginald Fessenden, and the production of one of the nation’s first outdoor
symphonic dramas, “The Lost Colony.” Currently, only the reconstructed earthwork fort and
exhibits in the visitor’s center focusing on Elizabethan life and colonization of the New World
interpret these park resources. There is little acknowledgment of these other, important events
and the resources associated with them. With few exceptions, no current activities, exhibits, or
presentations depict life on Roanoke Island during its later settlement, the Civil War years, or
the turn of the century, when technology greatly changed the lives of its inhabitants. Nor are
the efforts to preserve and commemorate the site acknowledged by the National Park Service’s
current interpretive program. The scheduled development of a comprehensive interpretive plan
should help shape a more extensive program and address these needs.
In addition, when resources become available, more should be done to address the site’s
history beyond its initial significance as the site of the first English colony in the New World.
Systematic subsurface archeological survey and testing would help provide information
regarding the area’s Native American and Civil War activities. Additional historical research at
294“Revised Statement for Management, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1994,”  6.


--- page 104 ---
100
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
national, state, and local archives needs to be conducted as well. With the data obtained from a
review of existing archeological studies and additional archeological and historic studies, an
expanded interpretation of the site’s many themes can be undertaken. New programs to better
illustrate the site’s rich history can be developed. Future archeological studies may also permit
additional resources to be documented for the National Register under Criterion D. All
archeological research must be done in consultation with SEAC (Southeast Archeological
Center) and with the appropriate ARPA (Archeological Resources Protection Act of 1979)
permits.
Other research concerning Fort Raleigh’s identified resources should be conducted as well.
Although most of the standing structures are well documented, more information on the FDR
and Franklin D. Roosevelt Theater markers is needed. It is not clear exactly when the markers
were placed, who made them, or who placed them.


--- page 105 ---
BIBLIOGRAPHY
Aitken, Hugh G. T. 1985. The Continuous Wave: Technology and American Radio, 1900-
1932. Princeton: Princeton University Press.
Andrews, Kenneth R. 1964. Elizabethan Privateering: English Privateering During the
Spanish War, 1585-1603. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Arthur, Robert. 1929. “Colonial Coast Forts on the South Atlantic.” The Coast Artillery
Journal 70: 41-62.
Ashe, Samuel A’Court. 1908. History of North Carolina. 2 Vols. Greensboro, North
Carolina: Charles L. Van Noppen.
Athens, William P. 1984. “Soil Resistivity Investigations at Fort Raleigh National Historic
Sites, 1984.” TMs. Southeast Archeological Center, Tallahassee, Florida. Copy on
file at the Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service,
Atlanta, Georgia.
Atkinson, Robert. 1950. “Report on the Operations of the Roanoke Island Historical
Association, Inc., April 19, 1950.” TMs. Cultural Resources Library, Southeast
Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
Barret, John Gilchrist. 1987. North Carolina as a Civil War Battleground, 1861-1865.
Raleigh, NC: Division of Archives and History, North Carolina Department of Cultural
Resources.
Biennial Report of the Superintendent of Public Instruction of North Carolina for the
Scholastic Years 1918-1919 and 1919-1920. 1921. Raleigh, North Carolina: Edwards
and Broughton.
Bolton, Herbert E. and Thomas M. Marshall. 1920. The Colonization of North America,
1492-1783. New York: The MacMillan Company.
Brebner, John B. 1933. The Explorers of North America, 1492-1806. New York: The
MacMillan Company.
Brown, Lorraine. 1986. “Introduction: The Federal Theater Project and Research Collection.”


--- page 106 ---
1O2
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
The Federal Theater Project: A Catalog-Calendar of Productions. New York:
Greenwood Press.
Bruce, Edward C. 1860. “Loungings in the Footprints of the Pioneers.” Harper’s New
Monthly Magazine. 20, no. 120 (May 1860): 721-36.
Buttitta, Tony and Barry Witham. 1982. Uncle Sam Presents: A Memoir of the Federal
Theatre, 1935-1939. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press.
Carson, Cary, Norman F. Barka, William Kelso and others. 1981. “Impermanent Architecture
in Southern American Colonies.” Winterthur Portfolio 16: 135-196.
Cheeseman, Bruce S. 1982. Four Centuries and Roanoke Island: A Legacy of Geographical
Change. Raleigh, North Carolina.
Chitwood, Oliver P. 1931. A History of Colonial America. New York: Harper Brothers.
Colyer, Vincent. 1864. Report of the Services Rendered by the Freed People to the United
States Army, in North Carolina. New York: By the Author.
Confederate States of America, Congress, House of Representatives, Roanoke Island
Investigation Committee. 1862, reprint 1972. Report of the Roanoke Island
Investigation Committee. Richmond, VA: Enquirer Book and Job Press, Tyler, Wise,
Allegre & Smith, reprint, Louisville: Lost Cause Press, text-fiche.
Copeland, George H. 1940. “The Graveyard of the Atlantic.” Travel, 75‚5: 14-18.
Cotten, Sallie Southall. 1901. The White Doe, The Fate of Virginia Dare, An Indian Legend.
Philadelphia: J.B. Lippincott.
Craven, Wesley Frank. 1949. The Southern Colonies in the Seventeenth Century 1607-1689.
Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press.
Cumming, W. P., R. A. Skelton, and D. B. Quinn. 1971. The Discovery of North America.
New York: American Heritage Press.
Cumming, William P. 1966. North Carolina in Maps. Raleigh, North Carolina: Department
of Archives and History, State of North Carolina.


--- page 107 ---
Bibliography
103
Daves, Edward Graham. 1893. “Raleigh’s ‘New Fort in Virginia’ - 1585.” Magazine of
American History 29 (May/June 1893): 470-81.
Dean, G. E. 1937. “Restoration of Old Fort Raleigh.” The Southern Magazine 4: 8-12.
De Bry, Theodore. 1590. Thomas Hariot’s Virginia. reprint, Readex Mircoprint Corporation,
1966.
Division of Archives and History, State of North Carolina. n.d. “Archaeological and Historical
Contexts for North Carolina Comprehensive Planning.” TS. Raleigh: Division of
Archives and History, State of North Carolina.
Dunbar, Gary S. 1958. Historical Geography of the North Carolina Outer Banks. Baton
Rouge: Louisiana State University Press.
Durant, David N. 1981. Raleigh’s Lost Colony. New York: Athenaeum.
Eggleston, Edward. 1882. “The Beginning of a Nation.” Century 25, no. 1 (November 1882):
61-83.
Ehrenhard, John E., William P. Athens, and Gregory L. Komara. 1983. “Remote Sensing
Investigations at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina, 1983.”  TMs.
Southeast Archeological Center, Tallahassee, Florida. Copy on file at the Cultural
Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
Ehrenhard, John E., and Gregory L. Komara. 1984. “Archeological Investigations at Fort
Raleigh National Historic Site, Season 2, 1983 (February 1984).” TMs. Southeast
Archeological Center, National Park Service, Tallahassee, Florida. Copy on file at the
Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta,
Georgia.
Emmerton, James A. A Record of the Twenty-Third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer
Infantry in the War of the Rebellion 1861-1865. 1886. Boston: William Ware & Co.
Everette, Michael L. 1983. “The Fessenden Story....” (pamphlet).
Everhardt, William C. 1972. The National Park Service. New York: Praeger.


--- page 108 ---
104
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Ferris, Robert G. 1968. Explorers and Settlers. Washington, DC: National Park Service, U.S.
Department of the Interior.
Fitch, James Marston. 1982. Historic Preservation: Curatorial Management of the Built
World. New York: McGraw-Hill.
Foote, Shelby. 1958, renewed 1986. The Civil War, A Narrative. 3 Vols. New York: Vintage
Books.
Free, William J. and Charles B. Lower. 1963. History into Drama: A Source Book on
Symphonic Drama, Including the Complete Text of Paul Green’s “The Lost Colony”
New York: Odyssey Press.
Graham, Matthew J. 1900. The Ninth Regiment New York Volunteers (Hawkins Zouaves).
New York: By the Author.
Greenblatt, Stephen J. 1937. Sir Walter Raleigh: The Renaissance Man and His Roles. New
Haven: Yale University Press.
Haag, William G. 1958. The Archaeology of Coastal North Carolina. Baton Rouge:
Louisiana State University Press.
Haas, Irving. 1966. America’s Historic Houses and Restorations. New York: Castle Books.
Hakluyt, Richard. reprint 1948. Exploration, Descriptions, and Attempted Settlements of
Carolina, 1584-1590. Edited by David Leroy Corbitt. Raleigh: State Department of
Archives and History.
Hargrove, Thomas. 1989. “An Archeological Survey of the Manteo Wastewater Treatment
Plant, Dare County, North Carolina.” Prepared for F. T. Green & Associates. Raleigh,
NC: Robert J. Goldstein and Associates.
Harrington, Jean Carl. 1948. “Archeological Explorations at Fort Raleigh National Historic
Site, August 1948.” TMs. CulturaI Resources Library, Southeast Support Office,
National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
1950. “Preliminary Report, Archeological Explorations, Reconstruction, and
Stabilization of Fort Raleigh, 1950 Season.” TMs. Cultural Resources Library,


--- page 109 ---
Bibliography
105
Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
. 1953. “Report on the Archeological Explorations in the Elizabethan Gardens Area,
1953.” TMs. Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park
Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
1962. Search for the Cittie of Raleigh: Archaeological Excavations at Fort Raleigh
National Historical Site, North Carolina. Washington, DC: National Park Service,
U.S. Department of the Interior.
1965. “The 1965 Archeological Excavations at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site.”
TMs. Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service,
Atlanta, Georgia.
1966. An Outwork at Fort Raleigh: Further Archaeological Excavations at Fort
Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina. Philadelphia: Eastern National Park
and Monument Association.
1967. “Manufacture and Use of Bricks at the Raleigh Settlement on Roanoke Island.”
North Carolina Historical Review 44: 1-l7.
1984. Archaeology and the Enigma of Fort Raleigh. Raleigh: North Carolina
Department of Cultural Resources.
Hayes, D. R. nd. An Economic Study of Dare County, North Carolina. Raleigh: North
Carolina State University.
Hill, Daniel H. 1926. Bethel to Sharpsburg: A History of North Carolina in the War Between
the States. 2 vols. Raleigh: Edwards and Broughton.
Hinton, Mary Hilliard. 1908. The North Carolina Historical Exhibit at the Jamestown Ter-
Centennial Exposition, Norfolk, Virginia, April 26 - December 1, 1907. Raleigh: North
Carolina Historical Commission.
History and Prehistory in the National Park System and the National Historic Landmarks
Program. 1987. Washington, DC: National Park Service, U.S. Department of the
Interior.


--- page 110 ---
106
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
“History of the Production.” n.d. TMs at Fort Raleigh National Historic Site.
Hosmer, Charles B., Jr. 1965. Presence of the Past: A History of the Preservation Movement
in the United States Before Williamsburg. New York: G. P. Putnam’s Sons.
1981. Preservation Comes of Age: From Williamsburg to the National Trust, 1926-
1949. 2 Vols. Charlottesville: University Press of Virginia.
Humber, John L. 1986. Backgrounds and Preparations for the Roanoke Voyages, 1584-l590.
Raleigh: Division of Archives and History, North Carolina Department of Cultural
Resources.
Hutton, Paul and David B. Quinn, eds. 1964. The American Drawings of John White. Chapel
Hill: University of North Carolina Press.
James, Horace. 1865. Annual Report for the Superintendent of Negro Affairs in North
Carolina, 1864. Boston: W. F. Brown & Co., Printers.
Johnson, Charles F. 1911. The Long Roll: Being a Journal of the Civil War, as set down
during the years 1861-l863 by Charles F. Johnson sometime of Hawkins Zouaves.
East Aurora, NY: Roycrafters.
Johnston, Frances B. and Thomas T. Waterman. 1941. The Early Architecture of North
Carolina. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press.
Jones, Gordon C. 1977. Abstracts of Wills and Other Records, Currituck and Dare Counties,
North Carolina (1663-1850). Baltimore: Genealogical Publishing Company.
Kenny, Vincent. 1971. Paul Green. New York: Twayne Publishers.
Koch, Frederic. 1920. Raleigh, The Shepherd of the Ocean. Raleigh, NC: Edwards and
Broughton Company.
Kupperman, Karen Ordahl. 1984. Roanoke, The Abandoned Colony. Totowa, NJ: Rowman
and Allenheld.
Lackey, Patrick K. 13 September 1992. “The Coast.” Part of The Virginian-Pilot [Norfolk,
VA].


--- page 111 ---
Bibliography
107
Lautzenheiser, Loretta, and Thomas Hargrove. June 1991. “‘...The Bright Glittering Sand,’
Archeological Survey and Test Excavations, Site 31DR61, Roanoke Island, Dare
County, North Carolina.” Prepared for Rial Corporation/W. M. Meekins Jr. Tarboro,
NC: Coastal Carolina Research, Inc.
Lawson, John. 1709, reprint 1966. A New Voyage to Carolina. London: reprint, Readex
Microprint Corporation.
Lefler, Hugh T. and Albert R. Newsome. 1973. The History of a Southern State: North
Carolina. 3rd ed. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press.
Lefler, Hugh T. and William S. Powell. 1973. Colonial North Carolina: A History. New
York: Charles Scribner’s Sons.
Lindsey, Edwin S. 1959. “Outdoor Historical Dramas of Paul Green and Kermit Hunter.”
MS presented at the Tennessee Philological Association, February 20, 1959.
Lossing, Benson J. 1851-52. Pictorial Field Book of the Revolution. 2 vols. New York:
Harper and Brothers.
Loving, Jerome M., ed. 1975. Civil War Letters of George Washington Whitman. Durham,
NC: Duke University Press.
Luccketti, Nicholas M. December 1996. Fort Raleigh Archeological Project, 1994/1995
Survey Report. Jamestown, VA: The Association for the Preservation of Virginia
Antiquities.
MacCaffrey, Wallace T. 1981. Queen Elizabeth and the Making of Policy, 1572-1588.
Princeton: Princeton University Press.
Martin, F.X. 1829. The History of North Carolina from the Earliest Period. 2 vols. New
Orleans: A. T. Pennimant and Co.
Mathews, Jane DeHart. 1967 The Federal Theatre, 1935-1939: Plays, Relief and Politics.
Princeton: Princeton University Press.
McKenzie, Richard D. 1973. The New Deal for Artists. Princeton: Princeton University
Press.


--- page 112 ---
108
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Mitchell, S. Weir. 1893. Francis Drake, A Tragedy of the Sea. Boston: Hufton Mifflin.
Mobley, Joe A. 1981. James City, A Black Community in North Carolina, 1863-1900.
Raleigh, NC: Division of Archives and History, North Carolina Department of Cultural
Resources.
Murtagh, William. 1988. Keeping Time: The History and Theory of Preservation in America.
Pittstown, NJ: Mainstreet Press.
National Park Service. [1991]. National Register Bulletin 15: How to Apply the National
Register Criteria. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of the Interior.
[1991]. National Register Bulletin 16: Guidelines for Completing National Register
Nominations. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of the Interior.
n.d. National Register Bulletin 18: How to Evaluate and Nominate Designed Historic
Landscapes. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of the Interior.
n.d. National Register Bulletin 21: How to Establish Boundary to National Register
Properties. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of the Interior.
Noel Hume, Ivor. 1994 “Roanoke Island: America’s First Science Center.” Journal of the
Colonial Williamsburg Foundation. Vol. XVI, no. 3 (Spring 1994); reprint.
The Virginia Adventure, Roanoke to James Towne: An Archeological and
1994.
Historical Odyssey. New York: Alfred A. Knopf.
Paige, John C. 1985. The Civilian Conservation Corps and the National Park Service, 1933-
1942: An Administrative History. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of the Interior.
Peterson, Ann E. 1980. “Frances B. Johnston, The Crusader with a Camera.” Historic
Preservation Magazine 32: 17-20.
Pilkey, Orin H. Sr. and William J. Neal. c. 1978. From Currituck to Calabash: Living with
North Carolina‘s Barrier Islands. Research Triangle Park, NC: North Carolina
Science and Technology Research Center.
Porter, Charles W., III. 1943. “Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina: Part of the


--- page 113 ---
Bibliography
109
Settlement Sites of Sir Walter Raleigh’s Colonies of 1585-1586 and 1587.” North
Carolina Historical Review 20: 22-42.
1956. Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina. Washington, DC:
Government Printing Office.
1972. Adventures to a New World The Roanoke Colony, 1585-87. Washington, DC:
National Park Service, U.S. Department of the Interior.
Powell, William S. 1965. Paradise Preserved: A History of the Roanoke Island Historical
Association. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press.
Quinn, David Beers. 1947. Raleigh and the British Empire. London: The English -University
Press.
ed. 1955. The Roanoke Voyages, 1584-1590. 2 Vols. London: Hakluyt Society.
1985. Set Fair for Roanoke, Voyages and Colonies, 1584-l606. Chapel Hill:
University of North Carolina Press.
Quinn, David Beers and Alison M. Quinn, eds. 1982 (second printing, 1985). The First
Colonists: Documents on the Planting of the First English Settlements in North
America, 1584-1590. Raleigh: Division of Archives and History, North Carolina
Department of Cultural Resources.
“Revised Statement for Management, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, 1994.” National
Park Service, U.S. Department of the Interior.
Roe, Alfred S. 1907. The Twenty-Fourth Regiment, Massachusetts Volunteers, 1861 -1866.
Worcester, MA: The Twenty-Fourth Veteran Association.
Ruffin, Edmund. 1861. Agricultural, Geological, and Descriptive Sketches of Lower North
Carolina, and the Similar Adjacent Lands. Raleigh: Institution for the Deaf, Dumb,
and Blind.
Sager, Mere1 S., A. E. Trager, E. F. Preece, J. D. Coffman, H. T. Thompson, Victor M.
Cahalane, and W. J. Endersbee. January 1938. “Report on Recommendations for
Boundaries of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore.” TMs. Cultural Resources


--- page 114 ---
110
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Library, Southeast Support Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
Salmond, John A. 1967. The Civilian Conservation Corps, 1933-1942: A New Deal Case
Study. Durham, NC: Duke University Press.
Saunders, Keith. 1962. The Independent Man. Raleigh, NC: Edwards and Broughton.
Seaworthy, Gregory pseud. [Throop, George Higby]. 1850. Nag’s Head: or Two Months
Among "The Bankers ". Philadelphia: A. Hart.
State Superintendent of Public Instruction. [1922]. The Earliest English Expedition and
Attempted Settlements in Territory Now the United States, 1584-91. Pamphlet,
Education Publication No. 40. Raleigh, NC: State Superintendent of Public
Instruction.
Stick, David. 1949. Fabulous Dare: The Story of Dare County Past and Present. Kitty
Hawk, NC: The Dare Press.
1958. The Outer Banks of North Carolina. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina.
1970. Dare County: A History. Raleigh: Department of Archives and History, State
of North Carolina.
   1983. Roanoke Island, The Beginnings of English America. Chapel Hill: University of
North Carolina Press.
n.d. “A Half-century of Observations.” Unedited manuscript at Fort Raleigh National
Historic Site, Roanoke Island, North Carolina.
Stick, Frank. 1935. “Restoration of Fort Raleigh.” The Southern Magazine: 25-7.
1937 “Cittie of Raleigh, The Lost Colony Official Souvenir Program.” Manteo, NC:
Roanoke Island Historical Foundation.
Tilberg, Frederick. 1936. “Report on the Fort Site Known as Fort Raleigh, Roanoke Island,
NC, October 1936.” TMs. Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support Office,
National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.


--- page 115 ---
Bibliography
111
1937. “Preliminary Study Relative to the Location and Manner of Construction of the
Original Fort Raleigh, 1937.” TMs. Cultural Resources Library, Southeast Support
Office, National Park Service, Atlanta, Georgia.
Torres, Louis. n.d. Historic Resource Study of Cape Hatteras National Seashore. Denver:
Denver Service Center, National Park Service, U.S. Department of the Interior.
United States Bureau of the Census 1790-1950. Washington, DC: Government Printing
Office.
Unrau, Harlan D. and G. Frank Williss. September 1983. Administrative History: Expansion
of the National Park Service in the 1930s. Washington, DC: National Park Service,
U.S. Department of the Interior.
The Virginia Company Foundation. 1995. “Virginia Company Foundation, Fort Raleigh
Archeological Project, 1994 & 1995.” TMs. Copy on file at the Fort Raleigh National
Historic Site, Manteo, North Carolina.
Walcott, Charles F. 1882. History of the Twenty-First Regiment, Massachusetts Volunteers.
Boston: Houghton, Mifflin and Company.
Walker, John W. and Allen H. Cooper. 1989. Archeological Testing of Aerial and Soil
Resistivity Anomaly FORA A-l, Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, North Carolina.
Tallahassee, FL: Southeast Archeological Center, National Park Service.
The War of the Rebellion: A Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate
Armies, Series I, Vol. IX. 1883. Washington, DC: Government Printing Office.
Weeks, Stephen B. 1891. “Raleigh’s Settlements on Roanoke Island: An Historical Survival.”
Magazine of American History 25 (January/June 1891): 127-39.
Williams, Talcott. 1896. “The Surroundings and Site of Raleigh’s Colony.” Annual Report of
the American Historical Association for 1895. Washington, DC: Government Printing
Office.
Woodbury, Augustus. 1867. Major General Ambrose E. Burnside and the Ninth Army Corp.
Providence, RI: Sidney S. Rider & Brother.


--- page 116 ---
112 
Fort 
Raleigh 
National 
Historic 
Site: 
Historic 
Resource 
Study
Yearns, W. Buck, and John G. Barrett, eds. North Carolina Civil War Documentary. 1980.
Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press.
Additional Sources:
In addition to cited references, research has included reference to the following newspapers:
Durham Morning Herald
Raleigh News and Observer
Elizabeth City Independent
New York Times
This study also includes references to mainly uncatalogued drawings, inventories,
photographs, and maintenance records held at Fort Raleigh. Bebe Woody at Fort Raleigh,
Barbara Meek of the Garden Club of North Carolina, and John Flowers, a North Carolina
garden historian, and Steve Harrison at Cape Hatteras provided much useful information.


--- page 117 ---
APPENDIX A
DESCRIPTIONS 
OF H ISTORIC R ESOURCES
Contributing Resources
“science center, " c. 1585-l 590:
This important archeological site is located on the north end of Roanoke Island. Although the
area has been disturbed by a number of construction projects over the years, archeological
investigations have uncovered numerous European artifacts dating to the sixteenth century.
These findings include pieces of laboratory equipment such as crucibles, ointment pots,
distilling flasks, weights, and glassware, and possibly a fortification associated with Ralph
Lane’s colony of 1585-6. Members of Ralph Lane’s party included Thomas Hariot, a
prominent scientist of the period, and Joachim Gans, a Jewish metallurgist from Prague, both
of whom probably oversaw operations at the science center. Some archeologists speculate that
the neighboring fortification may be a redoubt built to protect the colony’s metallurgical and
science experiments.
Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare Monument, 1896,. relocated c. 1934-7, moved again c. 1950,
(IDLCS 90001):
Built by H. A. Tucker & Brothers of the Wilmington Granite and Marble Works in
Wilmington, NC, the monument consists of a 41” x 22” base and sub-base of North Carolina
granite topped by a gray Virginia granite tablet. The top, left side of the sub-base contains the
inscription “Tucker Bros. Wil. N.C.” The monument is approximately 5’ high. The front is
polished, while the sides and rear are quarry faced. The inscription on the front of the tablet
reads:
ON THIS SITE, IN JULY-AUGUST 1585,
(O.S.) COLONISTS, SET OUT FROM ENGLAND
BY SIR WALTER RALEIGH, BUILT A FORT, CALL-
ED BY THEM
“THE NEW FORT IN VIRGINIA”
THESE COLONISTS WERE THE FIRST SET-
TLERS OF THE ENGLISH RACE IN AMERICA.
THEY RETURNED TO ENGLAND IN JULY, 1586,
WITH SIR FRANCIS DRAKE.
NEAR THIS PLACE WAS BORN, ON THE 18TH
OF AUGUST, 1587,
VIRGINIA DARE
THE FIRST CHILD OF ENGLISH PARENTS BORN
IN AMERICA—DAUGHTER OF ANANIAS DARE
AND ELEANOR WHITE, HIS WIFE, MEMBERS OF
ANOTHER BAND OF COLONISTS SENT OUT BY


--- page 118 ---
A-2
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
SIR WALTER RALEIGH IN 1587.
ON SUNDAY, AUGUST 20,1587, VIR-
GINIA DARE WAS BAPTIZED. MANTEO, THE
FRIENDLY CHIEF OF THE HATTERAS INDIANS,
HAD BEEN BAPTIZED ON THE SUNDAY PRE-
CEDING. THESE BAPTISMS ARE THE FIRST
KNOWN CELEBRATIONS OF A CHRISTIAN SAC-
RAMENT IN THE TERRITORY OF THE THIR-
TEEN ORIGINAL UNITED STATES.
1 8 9 6 
The inscription on the rear of the monument reads:
IN MEMORY, TOO,
OF OUR FOUNDER
AND FIRST PRESIDENT
EDWARD GRAHAM DAVES
ERECTED BY THE ROANOKE
COLONY MEMORIAL ASSOCI[ATION]
NOV. 24 1896
GRAHAM DAVES
PRESIDENT
JOHN S. BASSETT
SEC’TY AND TREAS.
F. D. R.. Marker, (1937?), (LCS 91646):
A one foot square concrete slab at grade located between the Waterside Theater and the
Reconstructed Earthwork Fort. The small marker reads “SPOKE F.D.R. 8/l8/37.”
Franklin D. Roosevelt Theater Marker, (1937?), (LCS 91647):
A 22¼ foot by 17½ foot polished granite plaque located in the entry area of the Waterside
Theater to commemorate President Roosevelt’s attendance at the 23rd performance of “The
Lost Colony.” The inscription on the marker reads:
On This Spot
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Witnesses the
23rd Performance of
The Lost Colony
August 18, 1937


--- page 119 ---
Description of Historic Resources
A-3
Fort Raleigh Reconstructed Earthwork Fort, 1947-53, (IDLCS 00370):
The reconstructed earthwork fort is a fairly typical, smaller artillery and musketry fortification
of the late sixteenth century. Measuring approximately seventy feet square between bastion
points, the structure consists of earthen walls extending approximately five feet above grade,
surrounded by a perimeter ditch. The square earthen fort was modified to a star shape by
triangular bastions on the north and east sides and an octagonal bastion on the south. The
entrance is through the fourth, “broken,” bastion on the west. A firing banquette runs along the
inner perimeter of the parapet walls.
Noncontributing Properties
Dough Family Cemetery, c. 1850-1906, (LCS 90000):
The small family cemetery plot measures approximately 82’ x 64’. It contains eight known
graves, with the dates of death on the eight stone markers ranging from 1866 to 1906. One of
the grave sites includes a raised brick table inset with a marble plaque and an upright
headstone. The other graves contain footmarkers and headstones, usually limestone or marble
and inscribed with the family member’s name, and date of birth and death. Some contain
sentiments or decorative features, such carved leaves or roses.
Waterside Theater, 1937, 1947, 1960-62 :
Originally designed by Albert Quentin “Skipper” Bell, the Waterside Theater contained
approximately 3,500 seats, a lower section, an upper area, two radiating aisles, and a center
aisle. Additional structures included a control room, two square-logged light towers, storage
and dressing areas, and a stage which was elevated approximately 2’ above the lower tier of
seats. The stage had a log chapel, several log buildings, and a log palisade as a backdrop. The
theater currently measures approximately 130’ across the upper level and 70’ wide at the stage.
Its length is approximately 150’ from the rear of the stage to the control building at the rear.
The total seating capacity is 1,780, and access to it is provided by four aisles in the upper and
lower tiers. The stage includes a 12’ x 24’ gable-fronted chapel, two 5’ x 13’ open-sided
buildings, two shingle-roofed structures reminiscent of Elizabethan-era dwellings, a rear
parapet, and a log palisade.


--- page 120 ---
A-4 
Fort 
Raleigh 
National 
Historic 
Site: 
Historic 
Resource 
Study
Potentially Eligible Archeological Resources
Archeological resources associated with the “Cittie of Ralegh” (settlement site of the Roanoke
colonists, c. 1585-l590), “Roanoac” (Native American settlement site), and “Ralph Lane’s 
New Fort in Virginia” (fortification of the Roanoke colonists, c. 1585-l590)
Archeological Resources associated with the Civil War (Fort Huger, Fort Blanchard, Fort
Bartow, Camp Raleigh, Camp Foster)
Archeological Resources associated with the Freedmen’s Community
Dough Family house and farm (c. 1850-1960)
Camp Wirth, (c. 1930s):
No standing structures. Remnants of foundations near the Dough Family cemetery and septic
tanks on the shore and in the sound.


--- page 121 ---
APPENDIX B: PROPERTY MAP
HISTORICAL BASE MAP


--- page 122 ---
Roanoke Sound
Northwest Point
Weir Point
Sources: Map of Fort Raleigh National Historic
Site, Dare County, North Carolina, Land
Resources Division, Southeast Region,
NPS, October 19, 1995
Prepared by: David C. Hasty
Legend:
NPS Legislative
Boundary
NPS Property
State of North Carolina
Property
Privately Owned Land
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site
Property Map
Roanoke Island, Dare County, North Carolina


--- page 123 ---
Roanoke Sound
Camp Wirth
Septic Tanks
camp Wirth
Foundations
Maintenance
Area
Legend: National Register
Boundary (Approximate)
Walkways
Roads
Elizabethan
Gardens
Sources: Map of Fort Raleigh National Historic Site, Dare
County, North Carolina, Land Resources Division,
Southeast Region, National Park Service, October 19, 1995
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site Unigrid
Location Map, 1989
Prepared by: David C. Hasty
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site
Historical Base Map
Roanoke Island, Dare County, North Carolina
Waterside
Theater
Cape Hatteras
Group Headquarters
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theater Marker
F.D.R. Marker
Parking


--- page 124 ---
APPENDIX C: NATIONAL REGISTER DOCUMENTATION


--- page 125 ---
National Register Documentation
NPS Form 10-900
(Rev. 10-90)
United States Department of the Interior
National Park Service
NATIONAL REGISTER OF HISTORIC PLACES
REGISTRATION FORM
1. Name of Property
historic name Fort Ralei h National Historic Site
other names site number
2. Location
street & number
city or town Manteo
state North Carolina
zip code 27954
code 
NC 
county 
DARE
C-3
OMB No. 1024-0018
not for publication
vicinity X
code 055
3. State/Federal Agency Certification
As the designated authority under the National Historic Preservation Act of
1986, as amended, I hereby certify that this
nomination
request for
determination of eligibility meets the documentation standards for registering
properties in the National Register of Historic Places and meets the procedural
and professional requirements set forth in 36 CFR Part 60. In my opinion, the
property
meets
does not meet the National Register Criteria. I
recommend that this property be considered significant
nationally
Statewide
locally. (
See continuation sheet for additional comments.)
Signature of certifying official
National Park Service
Date
State or Federal agency and bureau
In my opinion, the property
meets
does not meet the National Register
criteria.
See continuation sheet for additional comments.)
Signature of commenting or other official
State or Federal agency and bureau
Date


--- page 126 ---
C-4
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource study
USDI/NPS NRHP Registration Form
Page 2
4. National Park Service Certification
I, hereby certify that this property is:
entered in the National Register
See continuation sheet.
determined eligible for the
National Register
See continuation sheet.
determined not eligible for the
National Register
removed from the National Register
other (explain): additional documentation
signature of Keeper Date of Action
5. Classification
Ownership of Property
(Check as many boxes 
boxes as apply)
private
public-local
public-State
x public-Federal
Category of Property
(Check only one box)
building(s)
district
x site
structure
object
Number of Resources within Property
(Do not include previously listed properties in the count)
Contributing
Noncontributing
buildings
1
2
sites
1
structures
3
objects
4
3
Total
Number of contributing resources previously listed in the National
Register 1
Name of related multiple property listing (Enter “N/A" if property is not part
of a multiple property listing.) N A


--- page 127 ---
National Register Documentation
USDI/NPS NRHP Registration Form
C-5
Page 3
6. Function or Use
Historic Functions
(Enter categories from instructions)
DEFENSE/fortification
RECREATION AND CULTURE/theater,
monument/marker. outdoor
recreation
INDUSTRY/PROCESSING/EXTRACTION
Current Functions
(Enter categories from instructions)
RECREATION AND CULTURE/theater
monument/marker
outdoor recreation
7. Description
Architectural Classification
(Enter categories from instructions)
N A
Materials
(Enter categories from instructions)
foundation: earth wood stone
walls: earth, wood, concrete, plaster
roof: as halt
other: ranite concrete stone
brick marble
Narrative Description (Describe the historic and current condition of the
property on one or more continuation sheets.)
8. Statement of Significance
Applicable National Register Criteria (Mark “x” in one or more boxes for the
criteria qualifying the property for National Register listing)
A
Property is associated with events that have made a significant
contribution to the broad patterns of our history.
B
Property is associated with the lives of persons significant in
our past.
C
Property embodies the distinctive characteristics of a type,
period, or method of construction or represents the work of 'a
master, or possesses high artistic values, or represents a
significant and distinguishable entity whose components lack
individual distinction.
D
Property has yielded, or is likely to yield information important
in prehistory or history.


--- page 128 ---
C-6
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
USDI/NPS NRHP Registration Form
Page 4
Criteria Considerations (Mark “X" in all the boxes that apply.)
A
owned by a religious institution or used for religious purposes.
B
removed from its original location.
C
a birthplace or a grave.
D
a cemetery.
E
a reconstructed building, object, or structure.
F
a commemorative property.
G
less than 50 years of age or achieved significance within the
past 50 years.
Narrative Statement of Significance (Explain the Significance of the property
on one or more continuation sheets.)


--- page 129 ---
National Register Documentation
USDI/NPS NRHP Registration Form
C-7
Page 5
Major Bibliographical References
(Cite the books, articles, and other sources used in preparing this form on one
or more continuation sheets.)
Previous documentation on file (NPS)
preliminary determination of individual listing (36 CFR 67) has been
requested.
previously listed in the National Register
previously determined eligible by the National Register
designated a National Historic Landmark
recorded by Historic American Buildings Survey # NC 389, NC 389 A-D
recorded by Historic American Engineering Record #
Primary Location of Additional Data
State Historic Preservation Office
Other State agency
Federal agency
Local government
University
Other
Name of repository
Fort Ralei h National Historic Site
Manteo Dare Count NC
Geographical Data
Acreage of Property: 16 +/-
UTM References (Place additional UTM references on a continuation sheet)
Zone Easting Northing
Zone Easting Northing
A
D
B
E
C
F
See continuation sheet.
Verbal Boundary Description (Describe the boundaries of the property on a
continuation sheet.)
Boundary Justification (Explain why the boundaries were selected on a
continuation sheet.)


--- page 130 ---
C-8
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
USDI/NPS NRHP Registration Form
Page 6
Form Prepared By
name/title Christine Trebellas Architectural Historian
William Chapman. Preservation Program Dir.. University of Hawaii
organization National Park Service. Southeast Support Office
date November 1998
street & number
100 Alabama Street. S.W.
telephone
(404) 562-3117
city or town
Atlanta
state GA
zip code 30303
Additional Documentation
Submit the following items with the completed form:
Continuation Sheets
Maps
A USGS map (7.5 or 15 minute series) indicating the Property's location.
A sketch map for historic districts and properties having large acreage
or numerous resources.
Photographs
Representative black and white photographs of the property.
Additional items (Check with the SHPO or FPO for any additional items)
Property Owner (Complete this item at the request of the SHPO or FPO.)
name National Park Service
street & number 
P.O. Box 37127
telephone
city or town 
Washington
state DC
zip code 20013-7127


--- page 131 ---
National Register Documentation
C-9
NPS Form 10-900-a (8-86)
United States Department of the Interior
National Park Service
OMB No.
1024-0018
NATIONAL REGISTER OF HISTORIC PLACES
CONTINUATION SHEET
Fort Raleigh
National Historic Site
name of property
Dare County, North Carolina
county and State
Section 10
Page 1
Geographical Data
With the passage of the National Historic Preservation Act on October 15, 1966,
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site was placed on the National Register of
Historic Places. National Register documentation for the site was submitted in
1972, and further information and revisions were accepted on November 16, 1978.
This additional documentation nominated the reconstructed earthwork fort and
approximately 14 acres of the surrounding landscape for their association with
the first English colony in the New World. This amendment reevaluates earlier
research and considers new findings concerning the NHS and its resources.
Although most new contributing resources are within the former NR boundary, one
object, the Franklin D. Roosevelt Theater Marker, is not. Consequently, the
National Register boundary has been expanded to include this contributing
resource to the historic site. The new NR boundary includes property formerly
nominated in the previous documentation as well as the Waterside Theater, the
historic setting of the theater marker which contributes to its ability to
convey its significance. As noted in Section 8, the Waterside Theater itself
lacks sufficient integrity to qualify as a contributing feature. U.S. Congress
has recently expanded the park's authorized boundary to 512.93 acres, of which
the NPS owns 355.45 acres. This new property, however, does not contain any
historic structures or known archeological remains. As such, it is not
included in the new National Register boundary.
Verbal Boundary Description
As shown on the enclosed map, the nominated property is bounded by a series of
landscape features and imaginary lines that intersect to form a polygon around
the area containing the contributing historic resources. Beginning at the
Roanoke Sound, the boundary runs south and east along the eastern edge of the
Elizabethan Gardens for approximately 800 feet. It then runs east for
approximately 850 feet to the southwestern corner of the Waterside Theater
parking lot. The boundary follows the edge of the parking lot north and east
for approximately 300 feet to the trail leading from the parking lot to the
Waterside Theater. It then runs along this trail for approximately 350 feet
and turns north and east along the edge of the Waterside Theater for almost 325
feet. The boundary then follows the edge of the Roanoke Sound to the
beginning.
Boundary Justification
This boundary includes all the property formerly nominated in the previous
documentation, as well as the historic setting of the Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theater Marker (the Waterside Theater) and the property associated with the
marker. The park's newly acquired land is not included within the National
Register boundary because it contains no historic structures or known
archeological resources. Extensive archeological investigations should be
conducted before the area is developed, and if research reveals a number of
significant archeological remains, the area's NR status should be reconsidered.


--- page 132 ---
INDEX
References to illustrations are italicized
Amadas, Philip
1584 expedition, 14, 15
1585 expedition, 16
See also Roanoke colonies
Barlowe, Arthur
1584 expedition, 14, 15
on the Native American village of
Roanoke, 14-5
See also Roanoke colonies
Bell, Albert Quentin
designs Waterside Theater, 79
rebuilds Waterside Theater, 82
and the reconstructed village, 72
Bruce, Edward C., 62-3
See also Lane’s fort
Burnside, Ambrose E.
appoints Vincent Colyer Superintendent of
the Poor, 42
prepares to attack Roanoke Island, 36
protects Lane’s fort, 63
Camp Foster/Camp Reno, 40, 42
See also Camp Raleigh
Camp Raleigh, 41
captured by Union forces, 37-9
description of, 40-2
renamed Camp Foster/Camp Reno, 40
“Cittie of Ralegh” (City of Raleigh), 21, 23-4
described by Edward C. Bruce, 62-3
efforts to locate and preserve, 60-4
reconstructed, 73
See also Roanoke colonies
Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC)
constructs the theater, 79
constructs the village, 72, 78-9
and The Lost Colony, 79
Collet, John, map by, 61, 62
Colyer, Vincent, 47
appointed Superintendent of the Poor, 42
employs freedmen, 44
Cotten, Sallie Southall
author of The White Doe, 65
commemorates Virginia Dare, 64-5
Dare, Virginia
associated with Lane’s fort, 62
birth of, 24-5
commemoration of, 64-9, 70, 75, 76 
Daves, Edward Graham
death of, 67
honored, 69
and the Roanoke Colony Memorial
Association, 65, 66
on “Sir Walter Raleigh’s fort,” 63
Daves, Graham
erects monument, 67-9
on the Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare
monument, 67
and the Roanoke Colony Memorial
Association, 67
Drake, Sir Francis
and privateering, 11
removes 1585 colonists, 19; See also
Roanoke colonies
subject of S. Weir Mitchell’s poem, 75
Eggleston, Edward, 63
See also Lane’s fort
Elizabeth I (queen of England), 10, 21
supports exploration of the New World,
10, 12
and Sir Walter Raleigh, 13, 15-6
England
colonization of the New World, 9-10, 12-3
sea war with Spain, 11, 13-4, 25 
successful colonization of North America,
21, 27-8
F.D.R. Marker, 80, 81
Fernandes, Simon
1578 expedition to Newfoundland, 12
1584 expedition to Roanoke Island, 14
1585 expedition, 16
1587 expedition, 22, 23
See also Roanoke colonies
Fessenden, Reginald Aubrey, 51-3
on his receiver improvements, 52
on his sound transmissions, 53
Fort Bartow, 36, 37
Fort Blanchard, 36, 37
Fort Clark, 34-5
Fort Forrest, 35
Fort Hatteras, 34-5
Fort Huger, 36, 37
Fort Ocracoke, 34
Fort Oregon, 34


--- page 133 ---
D-2
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Fort Raleigh
archeological investigations at, 63-4, 67,
84
development plans, 71
explanation of nomenclature, 1
ownership of, 66, 71, 84
reconstructed, 85-6
See also Lane’s fort
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site (FORA)
archeological investigations, 84-6, 88-9, 90
authorized boundary, 1, 3-4, 90
description of, 1-2
established, 84
National Register of Historic Places
documentation, 4, Appendix C
purpose, 1, 3, 9
Fort Raleigh Reconstructed Earthwork Fort, 86
built, 86
description of, 87
Fort Russell, 36, 37
Foster, John G., 37
appoints Horace James, 44
on Union capture of Roanoke Island, 37-9
Franklin D. Roosevelt Theater Marker, 80-1, 81
Freedmen
arrival of, on Roanoke Island, 42
assist Union army, 42, 43
build forts in eastern North Carolina, 43,
44
wages and rations, 42-4
Freedmen’s Colony (Roanoke Island, NC)
demise of, 49-50
description of, 46-7
laid out, 45-7
local government of, 49
local industry of, 48-9
school, 47-8
Gans, Joachim, 16, 17
See also Roanoke colonies, 1585
colony
Gilbert, Sir Humphrey, 12
death of, 13
promoter of colonization, 12-3
Granganimeo, 14; See also Native Americans
Green, Paul, 78
Grenville, Sir Richard, 16
1585 expedition, 16-7
discovers 1585 colony abandoned, 19-20
See also Roanoke colonies, 1585 colony
Hariot, Thomas, 16, 17
on the economic potential of North
America, 17-8
See also Roanoke colonies, 1585 colony
Harrington, Jean C.
archeological surveys, 84-5, 85-6
Indians, See Native Americans
James, Horace, 44, 44-50
appointed Superintendent of Negro
Affairs, 44
on the demise of the Freedmen’s colony,
49
on the establishment of the Freedmen’s
colony, 44-6
on the Freedmen’s school, 48
on the industry of the Freedmen’s colony,
48-9
Jamestown (Virginia), 21, 26, 28
preservation efforts, 59-60
Lane, Ralph
1585 colony, 16-9
builds fort in Puerto Rico, 16, 17
constructs fort on Roanoke Island (Lane’s
fort), 17
on his relationship with Native Americans,
18
See also Roanoke colonies, 1585 colony
Lane’s fort, See also Fort Raleigh
described by: Edward C. Bruce, 62-3;
Benson J. Lossing, 62; George Higby
Throop, 62
efforts to locate and preserve, 60-4
protected, 63
Lawson, John
describes early settlement of Roanoke
Island, 31
describes “Sir Walter Raleigh’s fort,” 61
Lossing, Benson J., 62; See also Lane’s fort
Lost Colony, See Roanoke colonies, 1587 colony
The Lost Colony, 81, 84
opening day, 80
written by Paul Green, 77-8
Manteo (Native American), 15, 16, 21, 75
christened, 24
helps 1587 colonists, 24
Monroe, James, 62
National Park Service (NPS)
acquires Fort Raleigh, 84
conducts archeological investigations, 84-
6, 88-90


--- page 134 ---
Index
D-3
National Park Service (continued)
reconstructs Fort Raleigh, 85-6
reformulates interpretive program, 85-6,
87, 88-9
removes reconstructed village, 87
Native American villages
description of, 14
Pomeiooc, 15
Roanoke (Roanoac), description of, 14-5
Secotan, 15
Native Americans
contact with the English, 14-5, 16, 18, 24
demise of population on Roanoke Island,
33
description of, 14
Outer Banks (North Carolina), 15, 16, 22, 25, 26,
33, 34
during the Civil War, 34-5
Raleigh, Sir Walter, 13, 14, 16, 20, 26
and privateering, 11
promoter of colonization, 12-4
rise to power, 13
subject of Frederick Koch’s play, 75-6
Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare monument, 67, 67-9,
72
Reconstructed village, 78
built, 71-3
description of, 72-3
dismantled, 87
public reaction to, 73
Resources, Cultural, Appendix A
associated with the Civil War, 54-57
associated with the commemoration of the
Roanoke colonies, 91-97
associated with the Roanoke colonies, 28-
30
Roanoke colonies
1584 expedition, 14-6
1585 colony, 16-20
1587 colony (the Lost Colony), 20-25
1590 expedition, 25-27
archeological investigations, 63-4, 67
support for recognition, 63, 64, 64-9, 75-
81
Roanoke Colony Memorial Association
acquires Fort Raleigh tract, 66; See also
Fort Raleigh
builds entrance gate, 70
celebrates Virginia Dare’s birth, 75
erects Raleigh Colony/Virginia Dare
monument, 67-9
Roanoke Colony Memorial Association (continued)
established, 65-66
promotes fort site, 69-70
purpose, 66
transfers Fort Raleigh property, 71; See
also Fort Raleigh
Roanoke Colony Memorial Association of Manteo,
78
Roanoke Island
discovered by the English, 14
during the Civil war, 35-50
during the Revolutionary War, 33
early settlers, 31-4
Roanoke Island Historical Association, 84
assumes production of The Lost Colony, 81
celebrates 1584 expedition, 77
celebrates 1587 colony, 77-8
establishes museum, 75
purpose, 70
Roosevelt, Franklin D., 80
attends The Lost Colony, 80-1
celebrates Virginia Dare’s birth, 80-1
sends message, 77
“science center,” 17
uncovered, 90
See also Roanoke colonies, 1585 colony
“Sir Walter Raleigh’s fort”
associated with Virginia Dare, 62
described by: Edward G. Daves, 63; John
Lawson, 61
visited by James Monroe, 62
See also Fort Raleigh
Spain
attacks Fort Caroline, 13
seeks to destroy Roanoke colonies, 25,
Stick, Frank, 71, 79
See also Fort Raleigh
Throop, George Higby, 62
Tilberg, Dr. Frederick, 84
See also Fort Raleigh, archeological
investigations
Towaye (Native American), 21
Vance, Zebulon B., 64
See also Roanoke colonies, support for
recognition
Virginia Company Foundation (VCF)
collaborates with the NPS, 90
conducts archeological surveys, 90-1


--- page 135 ---
D-4
Fort Raleigh National Historic Site: Historic Resource Study
Virginia Company Foundation (continued)
uncovers the “science center,” 90
Virginia Dare (Columbia) Memorial Association
joins the Roanoke Colony Memorial
Association, 66
memorializes Virginia Dare, 64-5
Wanchese (Native American), 15, 16, 75
Waterside Theater
built, 79, 79
damaged by fire, 82, 82
damaged by hurricane, 82, 83
rebuilt, 82, 83, 82-4
Watts, John, 25, 26
Weeks, Stephen B., 63
See also Lane’s fort
White, John
1585 expedition, 16
1587 colony, 20-5
on the disappearance of the 1585 colony,
22-3
on discovering the 1587 colony
abandoned, 26
drawings by, 17, 23, 69
refurbishes 1585 settlement, 23-4
searches for colonists, 25-6
See also Roanoke colonies
Williams, Talcott, 63-4, 67


--- page 136 ---
