SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://archive.org/download/travelsworksofca0001edwa/travelsworksofca0001edwa_djvu.txt | Edition: Travels and Works of Captain John Smith, ed. Edward Arber, new ed. A.G. Bradley, Edinburgh: John Grant, 1910, vol. 1 (True Relation 1608; Map of Virginia & Proceedings 1612; Generall Historie bks 1-2) | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | Raw OCR/plain text, unedited
----

Wired CE WAP apr origin lars eae 


ye 


ee 


ee 


es 


aba 


fit 


Santa Clara 
County 
Free Library 


& 
$973.2 Smith, 


$65 Travels and works of 
‘c Captain John Smith. v.l 
247919 : 

ua & Crk — (S24, [Seeenn 


“CALIFORNIA- WESTERN AMERICANA 
Santa Glara County Free Library 


This book may be kept 14 days. 

A fine of 5 cents per day will be charged 
on books kept overtime. 

No books will be issued to persons in 
arrears for fines. 

Books must not be loaned by the borrower. 


Careful usage of books is expected, and any soiling, 
injury, or loss is to be paid for by the borrower. 


@ 


CPL OEM ay a 


7 ie 
aE SIV zS Ee 


Travels and Works 
of 


Captain John Smith 


Travels and Works 
Captain John Smith... 


President of Virginia, and 
Admiral of New England 


£5 00-603 1 


Edited by 
EDWARD ARBER, F.S.A. 


A New Edition, with a Biographical and Critical Tntideene. by 
Ae Ge BRADLEY 


PART I. 


EDINBURGH: JOHN GRANT 
31 GEORGE IV. BRIDGE 


onan Tai NT 


Santa Clara County Free Library 
Aawcit - fd a 1st 


eve ge 
di aA S: ~ ga Wiha 


ee hahaa Souven. 
a § +a KAG 


CONTENTS 


PAGE 


Introduction, Critical and Biographical, by A. G. 
Bradley 3 : : A : : : 1 
Bibliography by Thos. Seccombe - é ¥XXVIL 


Introduction, including the following Illustrative 
and Contemporary Documents, by Prof. E. 
Arber z ; : ; ; ; hax 


1606. The London Virginia Company. Instructions by 


way of advice (Fc. : 2 : » XXxiil 

22 June 1607. R. Tindall, Gunner. Letter to Prince Henry + XXXVili 
22 June 1607. A Gentleman of the Colony. 4 relatyon of the 

Discovery of our River Fc. A xl 

18 Aug. 1607. D. Carleton. Letter to John Chamberlain : : lvi 
? 1607. The Hon. G. Percy. Zhe Plantation of the 

Southerne Colonie §5'c.  « . lvii 

?> 1608. E. M. Wingfield. .4 Discourse fe Woesiets «xxiv 

7 July 1608. J. Chamberlain. Letter to Dudley Carleton . . | xcli 

23 Jan. 1609. J. Chamberlain. Letter to Dudley Carleton . soul EXClit 
31 Aug. 1609. Captain G. Archer. Letter announcing arrival of 

the Third Supply dy TRAY 


4 Oct. 1609. Captain J. Ratcliffe. Lutter tothe. Earl of Salisbury Xcviii 
15 Dec. 1609. The Earl of Southampton. Letter to the Earl of 


Salisbury P ; : . ° c 
? 1613. Captain H. Spelman. Relation of Virginea : ci 
? 1618. Captain J. Smith. Letter to Lord Bacon . oy OXXE 
26 Apr. 1607-10 July 1609, The Epic ide of the James river 
Settlement . ° + CXXIX 


Bias tow Wey 19 
petted e 3 Be 


santa Clara County Free Library 
Can dose, Calif 


CONTENTS 


Bibliography . : - : . : 


J. Lenox 
C. Deane } The Ten States of Smith’s New England Map . 
J. Winsor 


CXXXIV 


Mrs H. Jones. Description of the original painting of Pocahontas cxxxvi 


A True Relation of Occurrences and Accidents 


in Virginia, 1608 : : ; F : I 
A Map of Virginia, with a Description of its 
Commodities, People, Government, and Re- 
ligion, 1612. 
PART 1 
To the Hand. By ake Abbay . e e . e 43 
Vocabulary of Indian Words, &c. 4 P : 44, 381 
The Description of Virginia A 475 343 
OF such things which are naturall in V1 ae and bow they vse eee 56, 352 
Of their Planted fruits in Virginia and how they vse them . 61, 357 
The Commodities in Virginia or that may be had by industrie 63, 359 
Of the naturall Inhabitants of 77 uring . . ° 65, 360 
Of their Religion 8 : ° ° 74, 370 
Of the manner of the Virginians governement ° ° 70, 375 
PART II 

To the Reader. By T. Abbay . . ‘ . . 87 
The arrival of the Colony in Virginia : . ° 89, 385 
What happened till the first supply . . 94, 391 
The arrival of the first supply and the Ships returne : 100, 403 
The arrival of the Phenix, her returne, and other accidents 105, 408 
The Discoverie of the bay of Chesapeack . 109, 412 
The Government surrendred to Master Scrivener. ” What happened 

the second voyage to discouer the Bay. 116, 421 
The Presidencie surrendred to Captaine Smith. "The arrivall and 

returne of the second supply : : . 421, 433 
Letter to the Treasurer and Council of Virginia . ° a 
Journey to Pamavnke : ° é 131, 448 
How we escaped surprising at Pamavnke . . ° 


139, 456 


Senta Cle ounry rree Librar y 


San Jose, Calif. 
CONTENTS. 


How the Savages became subject to the English é 149, 
What was done in three monthes hauing victuall. The store 
deuoured by rats. How we liued 3 monthes of such naturall 


fruits as the countrie afforded . ; : . 1545 
The Arriual of the third supply . 4 A : 161, 
The Conclusion . . : 4 , 170, 
Rev. Dr Simmonds’ Postscript ‘ : . . . 


A Description of New England ; or, Observations 
and Discoveries in North America, 1616. 


The Epistle Dedicatory to Prince Charles . 

Epistle to the Lords, &c., of H.M. Councell for all Plantations, &e. 
Epistle to the Right Worshipfull aistvitttle &e. 

Complimentary Verses 


A Description of New England . : ; j 187, 
My first visit to New England. : . : 187, 
The Description of New England : . { 192, 
My second voyage to New England : Bi, 
Examination of Daniel Baker, Steward to Captaine Lohn Smith 22s 
My captivity among the French pirates. : : 224, 


Complimentary Verses 
The additional page (see p. cxxxiv) only found in some copies 


New Englands Trials, 1620. 


Epistle to the Right Honorable and Worthy aduenters, &c. 
Bpistle to the Fishmongers Ean of London . : : 
New Englands Trials % ‘ “ é 2375 


New Englands Trials, 1622. 


Epistle to Prince Charles . , 

Epistle to the Right Hon. and Right Wor thy Aduenturers” : 

New Englands ‘Trials and Present Estate . 5 

A Plantation in New England. i 

Letter from New Plymouth. By William Hilton. 

An Abstract of Letters sent from the pens in New England 
July 16, 1622 


PAGE 


465 


471 
478 
497 
174 


177 
178 
179 
181 
695 
697 
706 . 
731 
734 
736 
230 
232 


235 
236 


743 


251 
252 


253 


259 
260 


262 


CONTENTS. 


The Generall Historie of Virginia, New England, 
and the Summer Isles, 1624. 


Dedication to the Duchess of Richmond . . , a salt FS 
A Preface of foure Poynts : . - : li eg: 
Complimentary Verses. ‘ . *. .280 
The Detailed Contents of the Genctall Historie : : . 289 


Tue First Booxe. 
The English voyages to the old Virginia Pee: 
The voyage of Captaines P. Amadas and A. Rarlowe; I 584 ste . 205 
Sir Richard Grenuills voyage to Virginia, for Sir Walter peas 


1585 310 
The conspiracy of Pemissapan ; the Discouery of its and our 

returne for England with Sir Francis Drake . ‘ sce BES 
Thomas Hariot. Obseruations in this Voyage ‘ sm BQ 
How Sir Richard Grenvill went to relieue them ct se2z5 
Three Ships more sent to relieue them by Master White « ehRB26 
John White. The fift Voyage to Virginia . vl B29 
John Brierton. A briefe Relation of . eRtabeabes Ile, dis- 

covered in 1602 by Captain 2B. Gaindll. : 332 


Robert Salterne. A Voyage of Captaine Martin Prinze 1603 . 336 
James Rosier. A relation of a Discovery ... by Captaine 
George Waymouth, 1605 


. oh ASST 
Tue Ssconp Booxe. 
Of Virginia now planted : 341 
A reprint, with variations, of the Fi irst Part by Captain Jobn 
Smith, of Map of Virginia, at ; ‘ : pp. 44-84 


Tue Tuirpd Books. 
Of the Proceedings and Accidents of the English in Virginia . 383 
A reprint, with variations, of the Second Part of the Map of 


Virginia, edited by Rev. William Simmonds, at - pp» 89-174 
Intercalated reprint of Complimentary Verses : 489 


Tue Fourtu Booker. 


The Proceedings of the English after the alteration of the Gouern- 
ment of Virginia 


495 

What happened in the first gouernment after the alteration, 
1609-10 497 
The gouernment resigned to Sir Thomas Gates, 1610 500 


The gouernment devolued to the Lord Ja Ware, 1610 . 500 


CONTENTS. 


The government left againe to Captaine George Percie, 1611 

The gouernment surrendred to Sir Thomas Dale, 1611 . ‘ 

The gouernment returned againe to Sir Thomas Gates 1611 

The government left to Sir Thomas Dale, 1614 : : 

The Contents of the declaration of the Lottery, 1616 . ‘ 

The gouernment left to Captaine Yearley, 1616 ; 

Relation to Queen dune of Pocahontas, 1616 . < 

The gouernment deuolued to Captaine Samuel Argall, 1617 ; ‘ 

A relation from Master John Rolfe, Tune 15, 1618 

The gouernment surrendred to Sir George Yearley, 1619 

A desperat Sea-fight betwixt two Spanish men of warre and the 
Margaret and [ohn, 1620 : 

The names of the Aduenturers for Virginia, 1620 : 

Extracts from Councels letters for Virginia, 1620-1. 

Master Stockham’s Relation, 1621 ‘ . Ss 

The gouernment of Sir Francis Wyat, 1621. . 

Gifts and Patents 3 . 

J. Pory. Obseruations in his trauels, 1621 

Capt. Each sent to build a Fort to secure the Countrey, 1622 

The Massacre upon the 22 March, 1622 

The numbers that were slaine in those seuerall Plantations) 1622 

Project and offer to the London Virginia Company, 1622 

A particular of such necessaries . . . to prouide to goe to 
Virginia, 1623 

A briefe relation to His Maiesties Commissioners for the reforma- 
tion of Virginia, 1624 

Answers to the seven questions of the Commissioners, 1624 


a «0 Seete” "es © © © 


Tue Fiero Booxsg. 


The Generall Historie of the Bermvdas, 

The description of the Summer Iles and their natural commodities 

A briefe relation of the shipwracke of Henry May 

The first English ship knowne to haue beene cast away vpon the 
Bermudas . 

The first beginning of a Colonie in the Somer Iles, 1612 

The rule of the six Gouernors, 1615 . 

The Gouernment of Captaine Daniel Tucker, 1616 

R. Norwood. The diuision of the Summer Les into Tribes, 1618 

The Gouernment of Captaine Miles Kendall, 1618 ‘ 

The Gouernment of Captaine Nathaniel Butler, 1619 

Master John Barnard sent to be Gouernour, 1622 

What hapned in the gouernment of Master John Harrison; 1623 « 

Reprint of Complimentary verses ‘ 


CONTENTS. 


Tue Sixta Booxe. 
The Generall Historie of New-England, with a Note on 


PAGE 


Newfoundland 693 
A reprint with variations of-—Description of New England, at 
pp. 187-229; and, New Englands Trials, at pp. 233- 
248 695, 743 
E. Winslow, &e. ibs “Plaitztion in New England, 1620 749 
Obiections, Answers, and Considerations, 1624 769 
J. Dee. Opinion for the building of ships, 1577 773 
R. Whitbourne. Obseruations as to the Newfoundland Ghee. 
1622 % . 777 
The present estate of Neaw- Plimoth, 1624 ° . Seges 
An Accidence; or, The Pathway to Experience 
for Young Seamen, 1626. 
Epistle Dedicatory to all the Rt. Hon. and most generous Lords of 
England, &c. . 787 
Epistle Dedicatory to the reader ; ; all generous and noble Aduen- 
turers by sea, &c. 788 
A Table of Proportions for the use of great Ordinance 801 
The True Travels, Adventures, and Observations 
of Captain John Smith, 1630. 
Epistle Dedicatory to the Earls of Pembroke, rie: and Dover 808 
The Detailed Contents of each Chapter Re 
Complimentary verses ‘ 814 
The Patent or Safe Conduct of Sigismundus Batori, granting him his 
Coat of Arms, on g Dec. 16033 and its registration by Sir 
William Segar, Garter King at Arms, on 19 Aug. 1625 842 
Advertisements for the unexperienced Planters of 
New England, or anywhere, &c., 1631. 
Epistle Dedicatory to the Archbishops of 7 and York 920 
To the Reader . ; cpr 
Poem on himself, The Sea Marke : : ees 


The Detailed Contents of each Chapter 


6 e ° 


CONTENTS. 


PAGE 


The Last Will, and Epitaph of John Smith. - 967 


Index a ‘ 5 ' < j ‘ O78 


The Writers of the Poems in the Text. 


PAGE PAGE 

1624. Aywyupos . : . 288 | 1629. Edward Jorden. . 815 

1629. Richard Brathwait . 2 BIg | 1024. &. My -, 4 : . 280 
1616. Ensign Thomas Carlton 1624. Thomas Macarnesse, a 

231, 692 Lincolnshire man . 284 

1629. M. Cartner . , . 818 | 1629. Richard Meade . At hy] 

1616. John Codrington, of the 1624. Robert Norton 4 . 286 

Inner or Middle Temple, 1629. Brian O’Rourke . 819 

London . . 181, 492 Michael Phettiplace 
1616. Raleigh Crashaw . 184, 493 | 1616. + William Phebe 53493 
6s {é Cc) 81 Richard Wiffing 

PTA, Pf ; ; * °TD | 1624. Rev. Samuel Purchas . 282 
1616. John Davies, of Hereford 1616. Sergeant Edward Robin- 

181, 491 son. : . 230, 691 

1624. John Donne . ; . 284 | 1630. John Smith(?) : . 922 
1629. Anthony Fereby . . 814 | 1616. N. Smith, cousin of the 

1624. William Grent ; . 288 Author : . 182, 492 

1616. R. Gunnell . . 182, 690 | 1629. Solomon Tanner . . 820 

1629. Mathew(?) Hawkins . 816 | 1624. T. T. . : ; 28% 

1624. Edward Ingham. . 286 | 1624. David Wiffin. < 287 

1629. Ditto . - . 818 | 1616. George Wither . 183, 689 


1629. Richard James, . 816 | 1624. Edward Worseley . . 285 


The Present Edition. 


The text of the nine books, originally printed in different styles, has herein 
been normalized as to style of printing; and broken up into convenient para- 
graphs. .The punctuation has been harmonized with this; and also occasionally 
altered (though always with reluctance), wherever it plainly conflicted with the 
sense. 

For all matter between square brackets [ ], except on fp. ci-cxiv, 
Prof. Edward Arber is responsible. 


ILLUSTRATIONS 


Tue Sutty PorTRAIT oF POCAHONTAS . 


PAGE 


; . a eva 
THE Rotre PorTRAIT OF POCAHONTAS ° . . CXXXVi 
FACSIMILE OF THE ENGRAVED TITLE-PaGE oF “ THE GENERALL 
HiIsTorIE,” 1624 ; - ; : : i 272 
Map oF OULD VIRGINIA, WITH A DESCRIPTION OF CAPTAIN 
SMITH’s ADVENTURES : . ° - 5 342 
Map oF VIRGINIA : . . ° . ° 384 
Map OF THE SUMMER ISLES. . . ‘ . 624 
Map oF NEw ENGLAND, WITH PoRTRAIT OF CAPTAIN JOHN 
SMITH : : ° . . ‘ 5 694 
ARMS OF CapTaIN JOHN SMITH ‘ : ; : 807 
CapTAIN JOHN SMITH’s ADVENTURES AMONG THE TURKS AND 
TARTARS : : , < : ; 820 
ARMS GRANTED BY SIGISMUND BatHorRy, DuKE oF TRANSYL- 
VANIA, TO CapTAIN JOHN SMITH . . 5 : 842 
SEAL OF SIGISMUND BATHORY . : é . . 843 


Coat oF Arms oF NEw ENGLAND 


2 5 c) * 


919 


INTRODUCTION 


BY 


A. G. BRADLEY 


a “SHE intention of planting English Colonies on the 
Atlantic coast of North America, as a wedge between 
the domains of Spain in the South and the vaguer 

footing of France in the far North, preceded the close 
of the sixteenth century by some twenty years. Sir Humphrey 

Gilbert received the first patent from Queen Elizabeth, but was 

drowned in a storm off Newfoundland while prosecuting his 

endeavours. His rights were then confirmed to his famous step- 
brother Raleigh—who out of his abundance and with persistent 
zeal supplied the means for furthering such enterprises. A quite 
common misconception credits Raleigh with having been the 
personal founder of Virginia. As a matter of fact the Queen 
herself put her veto on his sailing in the expeditions that he 
nevertheless fitted out. The first one started in 1584 under 
Amidas and Barlow, but made no lodgment. They touched on 
the coast of what is now North Carolina, and returned home again 
with nothing but a name for the new country, to wit—Win gandacoa, 
which Elizabeth, with at least as much sense as vanity, promptly 
rejected and substituted that of Virginia in its place. The 
following year Raleigh sent another party of a hundred men 
under Sir Richard Grenville, who left them on Roanoke Island and 
sailed home for fresh supplies. In the meantime Drake arrived, 
and by their own request carried them off. When Grenville 
returned he found his people vanished, but whither he could not 
tell, as they had left no clue; so he sailed away, leaving a guard of 
fifteen men who were never seen again. Yet another party was 


li FIV TROD UCEIOR- 


sent by Raleigh in 1587—one hundred and fifty men this time, 
including a few women—under White. These, too, were landed 
on Roanoke Island; but the exigencies of the Spanish Armada 
prevented succour coming to them till 1591, when White returned, 
only to find the abandoned remains of their effects, Neither they 
nor even their bones were ever discovered. 

The destruction of the Spanish Armada, and the staggering 
blows struck at Spain on every sea, now opened the way for the 
English to challenge boldly her claim to North America, and to 
take up their stand by her side upon the Atlantic coast. Raleigh’s 
own adventuring in South America withdrew him for some time 
from England and his pet schemes, but in 1602 he sent one more 
expedition to Virginia which, however, affected nothing. His 
troubles with King James now terminated his active career in 
imprisonment and ultimate death, his Virginia patent then 
escheating to the crown. 

If Raleigh was the most active promoter of the colonising 
spirit which was gradually taking fast hold of England, the great 
geographer Hakluyt, in so far as was possible to a mere man of the 
closet, was no whit behind him as a stimulating force, and was 
much in his confidence. Hakluyt’s influence was immense upon 
the daring and adventurous minds of England. It seems astonish- 
ing in these days of universal travel—when a stay-at-home student’s 
written instructions for colonists or explorers would be a cause 
of infinite mirth—to think that hardened adventurers by land and 
sea took with them minute directions as to camping places by the 
Orinoco, or the best method of treating the Algonquin Indians 
from this reverend and studious Canon of Westminster. And all 
this time the man who most of us persist in regarding as the 
saviour of the first permanent English settlement in North 
America, and beyond all dispute the fullest and most fascinating 
chronicler of that epoch-making event, was fitting himself 
unconsciously for the work. 

In that portion of this work entitled the True Travels, Part 1, 
Captain John Smith gives us the story of that early portion of his 


LUNA? RO DOO ARON, ili 


life which was passed in Europe, and brings it up to the time 
when he turned his thoughts towards Virginia and colonisation. 
The veracity of this bit of his autobiography has been violently 
attacked by some—occasionally as it seems to us on very flimsy 
pretexts—and as stoutly defended by others, conspicuously by 
Professor Arber who devoted years of his life to the subject, and 
by the late Professor Fiske of Harvard, probably the most 
illuminating and weighty writer on Early Colonisation that North 
America has produced. 

Considering the period, however, at which Smith lived, the 
nations against or with whom he served, there is little or nothing 
on the face of his narrative to strain the credulity of any one with 
a tolerable grasp of history and social progress. 

With the virtual monopoly enjoyed by the West of England in 
the patriots and sea dogs of the Elizabethan period, it is an almost 
welcome change to find one bearing the plain name of John 
Smith and hailing from Lincolnshire. Our hero was the son of 
George Smith, a yeoman of that county, a tenant farmer, 
but owning at the same time freehold and tenements in the 
neighbourhood. The family had come originally from the north, 
and would seem at one time to have borne a coat of arms; but 
John Smith’s mother Alice, at any rate, does appear to have had 
some claim to gentle blood. The Smiths, in short, belonged to 
that class which rose to importance in the Tudor period, and 
must often have differed very little from the small country gentry ot 
that day, with whom, moreover, they were constantly intermingling. 
The farm which they held under Lord Willoughby de Eresby was 
situated near the village of Willoughby, and in the registers of 
its church is the entry of John Smith’s baptism, January 9, 1580 
(by modern reckoning). Four younger brothers and a sister, 
with the death of two of the first, and that of the father (1596), are 
also recorded. After an education at the grammar schools of 
Louth and Alford, young John Smith was apprenticed to a 
merchant of Lynn—Thomas Sendall—the greatest in all those 
parts.” Reconciled to this it would seem by mistaken anticipation 


iv INTRODUCTION. 


of scouring the seas in his employer’s ships, he chafed at the 
drudgery of the counting-house which proved to be his actual lot ; 
and after his father’s death, early in 1596, succeeded in getting 
away to London, and demanded of his guardians a sufficient 
portion of his patrimony, which consisted of some freehold pasture 
land and a sum of money for the purpose of gratifying a desire to 
see the world, and was naturally refused. After some importunity, 
however, they gave him ten shillings to be rid of it, and with this 
substantial remittance he joined his patron Lord Willoughby’s 
son, a lad then going to Orleans to complete his education, 
and whose brother was already domiciled there. Smith appears 
to have been found a superfluous factor in the young Bertie’s 
scheme of education, and was in consequence despatched home 
again with a sufficient sum of money. He got no further than 
Paris, where a canny Scotsman of maturer years, while promising 
him valuable introductions in Edinburgh, succeeded in reducing 
his finances to zero. Smith, now in extremity, gladly embraced 
the offer of one Duxworthy, an English captain of free lances, to 
join his troop, with which he did some soldiering in Flanders. 
Thrown out of employment by the peace a year or two later, he 
started for England, but was wrecked on Holy Island and detained 
there by illness, brought on apparently by exposure. On recover- 
ing he made for Edinburgh, where he presented the letters of his 
Scotch friend, which provided him with some social entertainment, 
but no practical advancement: so he returned to Willoughby, 
where his old friends killed the fatted calf and made much of him, 
after which he acquired some reputation for eccentricity, by 
camping out in a fair pasture by a wood, with a horse, arms, and a 
copy of Marcus Aurelius and Machiaveili’s art of war. After 
exercising his limbs with the first, and his mind with the second in 
solitude for some time, his friends urged upon him a more 
conventional existence, and introduced him to an accomplished 
Italian, in the household of the Earl of Lincoln. By means of 
this expert Smith transferred himself for a time to the Earl’s 
establishment, where no doubt greater opportunities for pursuing 


PINT BR O.D.U OTLOIN. Vv 


his martial practices existed. But this hardly suited Smith’s adven- 
turous nature, and he once more sought the Low countries in 
company with three strange gallants who proved swindlers, both 
cheating and robbing him, though not without ultimately receiving 
some measure of his vengeance. Stranded once more, a French 
soldier came generously to his assistance with guidance and 
money, eventually landing him at a Breton Castle, whose noble 
owner proved an acquaintance of the Willoughbys, treated him 
handsomely, and sent him on his way provided with money and 
introductions. These last were with a view to forwarding his 
desire to take service in the wars then raging between the Turks 
and Austrians. Travelling to Marseilles he shipped for Italy, but 
a fierce storm arising, the Southerners held him for a Jonah, being 
an alien and heretic, and flung him overboard near the small 
island of Santa Maria off Nice, which he reached without difficulty. 
Two other ships, however, were driven on shore there, and the 
owner of one proved a neighbour of Smith’s recent benefactor, the 
noble Breton Ployer. So he took him on board, and after a little 
successful privateering, from which Smith derived his fair profit, he 
was landed by his own request. Once more in funds he travelled 
in Italy, visiting Rome among other places, and satisfying an 
ardent geographical curiosity which distinguished him through life. 
His desire to fight the Turks, however, had not waned, and in 1602 
he repaired to Gratz, where Ferdinand, Archduke of Austria, 
afterwards Emperor, then lay. Here he was introduced to those 
military leaders under whom he was to serve and experience 
wonderful adventures during the next year or two. The Turks 
were then flushed by some signal successes, and were seriously 
threatening the Christian nations of Eastern Europe. The bloody 
‘campaigns in Transylvania and the Hungarian border, in which 
Smith now took part, first as a captain and then as a major of 
horse in the regiment of “ Earl Meldritch,” are related in a manner 
eminently stirring, and if occasionally egotistical, he is some- 
times quite the reverse. He had learnt some special method of 
torch signalling, and won much kudos by it. The sanguinary 


b 


vi INTRODUCTION. 


battles are natural enough, and as has been often pointed out, if 
Smith were the egregious boaster his detractors declare him, he 
would not so frequently omit his own name in the relation of 
valorous deeds that he witnessed or more or less took part in. 
The names of places not easily identified on a modern Government 
map and their spelling is sometimes cited against him. In a 
period when spelling as an exact science did not exist, the sounds 
of a foreign tongue inscribed phonetically would account for any 
apparent eccentricities. Imagine, for instance, an Elizabethan 
yeoman turned loose in Wales, and some years afterwards writing 
from memory the names of Machynlleth or Pwllheli as he had 
heard them pronounced! The highly educated Spanish 
Ambassador to England, writing to Philip the Third from 
London about Walter Raleigh whom he knew personally, seldom 
got nearer than Wata Wallee; and Smith’s floundering among the 
names of the Black Sea littoral or in Transylvania, as he had long 
ago heard them uttered by different races, is surely a weak 
indictment. 

The slaying of the three Turks in single combat between the 
assembled armies is dramatic enough to arouse the hostile critics. 
But the grant of arms bearing them with Sigismund’s letter was at 
any rate passed and registered by Sir William Segar, the Garter 
King at Arms. That great functionary was deluded, say Smith’s 
enemies. 

The arms and the grant from Sigismundus Bathori are 
reproduced in this volume, and there is no occasion to discuss 
the strong improbability of Sir William Segar admitting an 
elaborate fraud in connection with it. Above all, for a man whom 
the same cities would have us believe was of no account. For, as 
a matter of fact, Smith’s story of these Eastern campaigns and the 
main points of his own part are corroborated by, and partly taken 
from, Zhe Warres of Transilvania, Wallachia and Moldaira, 
written by Fransisco Ferneza, a learned Italian secretary to Sigis- 
mundus Bathori, the Prince. These were translated by Purchas for 
his Pélgrimes four or five years before Smith wrote his True 


INTRODUCTION. vil 


Travels, and contained among other things his victory over the 
three Turks. And this is the chief sum of his offence as a gascon- 
ader with his critics. It is significant that one of them, an 
American, is apparently deceived by a form of speech used in 
letters and documents in those days: even among equals of 
position when George Smith in his will addresses himself to Lord 
Willoughby as his “ poore tenant.” 

The close of Smith’s military career in the East is dramatic 
enough, for amid the carnage created by a desperate effort of his 
well-loved leader, Meldritch, to cut his way through overpowering 
numbers, he was left for dead. Picked up alive, however, he was 
then chained to a slave gang and sold in the local market. 
Purchased by a small Turkish bashaw, he was despatched as a 
present to a Greek Mohammedan lady at Constantinople, labelled 
as a Bohemian noble, the captive of the bashaw’s own bow and 
spear. The Turk had an eye on the lady’s favour, but Smith, 
though he confessed his humble rank, unwillingly gained it to 
a sufficient extent, at any rate, for his mistress to give him 
his freedom in the only way she dare, and to send him up 
to her brother who held a Turkish fief east of the Black 
Sea. The brother took another view of the business, made 
Smith “a slave of slaves,” and treated him so brutally that he beat 
his tormentor’s brains out one day with a flail, dressed in his 
clothes, and turned his face westward through the hopeless wilder- 
ness. After much suffering, with the slaves’ iron collar still round 
his neck, he reached a Russian port, where he was kindly treated, 
supplied with money, and sent on with the caravans to the West. 
Ultimately Smith found his way to Leipsic, where his old leaders 
Meldritch and Sigismund then were. He was welcomed as 
one from the dead, and readily given his arrears of pay, and 
more. 

Well supplied now with funds, Smith had no thoughts of 
Lincolnshire, but followed his roving instincts to North Africa, 
with a view to more fighting. Finding the squabbles of the 
Barbary States not to his taste, he travelled on shore for some 


viii PNTRODUCRIOR, 


time with a French skipper, and ultimately seeking the coast, 
again resolved on some sea adventures in his friend’s ship. Of 
these they had enough and to spare. On an English captain's 
ship they were blown out into the Atlantic by a gale while they 
were supping with him in harbour. After many pretty fights, 
in the narration of which Smith is the reverse of egotistical, 
and there is much humour, they got back to the Mediterranean 
with some profit but much disabled, when our hero at last 
experiences a craving for home, and satisfies it without further 
misadventure. 

Thus ends the early adventures of Smith, which even if they 
were mainly fiction would be fiction of a stimulating kind, written 
in delightful contemporary English. One might fairly wonder if 
any Englishman of twenty-four at that day had seen and done so 
much. It was in another continent, however, that Smith was to do 
the work that really mattered, and was to make his homely name 
ring down the ages. Many Englishmen had fought under Smith 
against the Turks. Two survived to be with him in Virginia, and 
their metrical tributes to their old leader’s qualities in the East 
and in the West will be found in this volume, and are of 
much value if little merit. Smith found England seething with 
colonial fervour, and after an interval, of which we know nothing 
except that he was for a time in Ireland, he caught the 
prevailing enthusiasm and soon put his share of it into practical 
shape. 

Smith’s wanderings in Ireland were prompted, no doubt, by 
intelligent curiosity. His adverse critics have endeavoured to 
make capital out of a passing taunt from one of his bitter enemies 
in Virginia, that he had on one occasion played the beggar in 
Ireland. One might say that of hundreds of adventurers, young 
men who have been temporarily stranded for money in the wilds 
of Western America, for Ireland then was almost as remote and 
primitive as the wildest West is to-day. At any rate, in a short 


time he was investing in Virginia stock and going out as one of 
its council. 


a 


¢ 


LNTRODOECTIONS 1x 


Virginia was then a somewhat vague expression, for all the 
North-American Atlantic coast between the “ pre-empted” rather 
than settled French territories in Canada, and the Spanish rights 
in the South recognised to Florida and claimed everywhere. 
The period of “singeing the King of Spain’s beard”—the days 
of Drake, Frobisher, and Hawkins, with their destruction of Spanish 
ships and ports, and seizing of Spanish treasure—had passed away, 
and given place to more solid and enduring schemes. The first 
measures had paved the way for the second, which aimed at 
permanent colonisation. Two attempts on the coast of what is 
now North Carolina, both sent out by Raleigh, had failed as we 
have seen from causes not calculated in themselves to discourage 
further efforts. The country had taken fire, and there was no lack 
of enthusiasm, though as yet it had nothing like reached its zenith. 
A permanent footing on the American coast was the absorbing 
aim of England—partly as a point of attack and defence against 
Spain on the one hand, and the foreign nations fishing off New- 
foundland, which was gradually developing into an English 
possession; partly as a refuge for the unemployed; and lastly, 
with not injustifiable hopes of finding treasures similar to those 
which had so vastly enriched Spain in the South—and indirectly 
England herself. 

This movement found realisation in the Royal Virginia 
Company, which, after much haggling with James the First, got its 
charter in 1606. Its bounds reached from the 34th to the 44th 
parallel. For the particulars of its constitution we have no 
occasion here, but its Council in London consisted of thirteen 
members and there were two separate departments, one for the 
Northern, or, as afterwards called the New England regime, 
another for the Southern or Virginia. Broadly speaking, London 
was mainly interested in the latter; the West of England, with its 
outlet at Plymouth, in the former. There is still a vague notion 
that Devonshire had to do with the founding of Virginia, arising 
probably from the futile attempts of Raleigh, or rather of Raleigh’s 
employees. Asa matter of fact London has all the credit of the 


x INTRODUCTION. 


first and Southern colony which proved the cradle—due greatly, as 
we think to John Smith—of Anglo-Saxon America. 

Smith had certainly busied himself greatly in the promotion of 
this undertaking, and was one of the few actual shareholders who 
sailed among the 105 hapless pioneers from the Thames in 
December 1606. A Plymouth expedition started five months 
afterwards for the North, but after a year’s sojourn at the mouth of 
the Kennebec, returned baffled. With these first endeavours one 
source of misunderstanding which caused much suffering must be 
remembered. The learned geographers knew the latitudes and 
estimated the climate of North America from the European 
parallels. Virginia, for instance, they calculated would have the 
climate of Southern Spain; New England, that of South Britain ; 
and the winters in both cases proved an unpleasant surprise. 

Smith sailed with the first flotilla of three ships, of which a 
redoubtable sailor, Captain Newport, had command, while the civil 
power, informally as yet, was vested in Edward Maria Wingfield, 
a person of some social distinction above the rest, a liberal Catholic 
in religion, an experienced soldier, but a somewhat weak and 
pompous man. The company was composed of 105 colonists, and 
got away from the Downs on New Year’s Day, 1607, by our 
reckoning. Some weeks and much food were wasted in the West 
Indies, where self-assertive no doubt among a somewhat incapable 
crowd, consisting largely of broken gentleman and wastrels, Smith 
soon showed himself a man to be reckoned with, and was put under 
arrest. The mouth of the Chesapeake and coast of Virginia was 
made at the end of April, and there the sealed box containing 
commissions was opened—Wingfield as expected being named 
president, and Smith one of the council. After some uneventful 
experiences with wandering natives, the colonists reached the low- 
lying peninsular forty miles up the James River estuary, which was 
to become the scene of so much suffering, drama, and death, and 
the cradle of Anglo-Saxon North America—the historic James- 
town. Joined to the shore by a narrow neck, it had strategical 
virtues but no sanitary ones. Here, all equipped in men and 


INTRODUCTION. xi 


material, was begun the rude settlement that for three-quarters of 
a century was to be the capital of Virginia. The delight of this ill- 
assorted company at the glories of a Virginia May-time soon gave 
way to the stern realities which few of them were fit to face, 
Solemn formalities of Church and State were punctiliously observed 
in this alfresco town, but the rest was mostly chaos. These 
hundred and five exiles, superfluous, soft-handed sons of small 
squires and such like, with a stiffening of dubious working men 
and old soldiers, were supposed to fight the wilderness in return for 
a precarious allowance of rations. No stimulus to individual 
energy was present, when the hope of picking up pearls and gold 
had been dissipated. Their expectations have been a time- 
honoured historic joke, and most historians are probably not aware 
that there is actually a gold belt running right down Virginia 
a hundred miles from the coast into North Carolina; that it has 
been at many points systematically and scientifically worked for 
several generations to the moderate profit of some and the loss of 
many. So the infatuated gallants, who were mostly lying beneath 
the weedy sod of Jamestown before the year was out, were near gold 
after all—though neither in the dirt nor in the quartz of such kind 
as they could have extracted much profit from. 

Virginia, speaking broadly, consists of three strips running 
parallel with the coast, each of them about a _ hundred 
miles in width. The first is Tidewaler, where tidal rivers wind 
through a flat or gently undulating country to the sea; the second, 
now known as Piedmont, a land of hill and dale, in contour and 
colouring when cleared for settlement not unlike Devonshire, and 
threaded by rapid streams and brooks. The third, occupied by 
the continuous wooded ranges of the Alleghanies, rising to four and 
five thousand feet in height. The whole of this region, like the 
rest of the Atlantic belt of North America, was covered with 
primeval forest. 

The rough beginnings of Jamestown were hardly started when 
Smith ascended the James River about sixty miles to the head of 
tide water, with vague notions among other things of a strait 


xii INTRODOCTIOR: 


through to the Pacific or “South Sea,” the discovery of which was 
one object of the Virginia Company. Here he and Newport were 
brought up sharply by those miles of rocks and rapids upon which 
Richmond now looks down from its commanding hills. Here at 
that time was an Indian village, where the historic Powhatan, 
the chief of chiefs among James River tribes, was temporarily 
quartered. Mountains the Indians could tell of westward but no 
sea, for a friendly native was already developing into an interpreter. 
The interest of this first contact with the English and the red 
man, the humours of their mutual attitude, and its delightful narra- 
tion by our hero and others, will surely fascinate the reader, and 
carry him through all the quaint pages of this volume. The sordid 
jealousies among this handful of ill-assorted and ill-equipped 
Englishmen—all the headier and more quarrelsome perhaps in their 
suffering from the very fact they were free-born Englishmen, 
without discipline or definite aim—by no means destroys the pathos 
and romance that will always cling to the memory of these hapless 
pioneers of American civilisation. Well-fed meat eaters and ale 
drinkers of the Elizabethan period flung into the long, fierce heats 
of an Eastern Virginia summer, on rations which were soon 
reduced to a half pint of worm-eaten barley a day boiled in water, 
and nothing to drink but the brackish water of the James, with an 
occasional meal of fish. 

Add to this the strange and unaccustomed labour of providing 
defensive works and shelters for themselves. Under the pressure 
of one serious attack, at least, from hostile Indians, clearing and 
cultivating land was at present out of the question. Newport left 
them in June, with provisions already damaged by the protracted 
sea voyage, for ninety days. They had to last for twice that period : 
at the end of it 30 out of the 105 remained alive. 

Deer and wild turkeys were in the woods, but how should 
these unskilled woodsmen, as they pathetically ask, compass the 
destruction of game rendered wild by the numerous settlements of 
Indians, who regularly hunted them? Fever did its deadly work, 
and it was not till late autumn when the wild fowl from the North— 


IMERGDOECKRON. xiii 


which there visited and still visit in great numbers the tidal waters 
of Virginia—and the ripened corn crop bought from the Indians, 
made men again of the remnant that was left. 

The leading characters in the drama stand out distinctly, 
Newport, the skilled and reliable sea captain who went and came 
from England, and formed the “go-between” of the impatient 
company in London and its struggling employees. Wingfield, 
opinionative and unpractical, doing his utmost to prevent any 
fortification—the first necessity—being erected, lest it should hurt 
the feelings of the Indians, whose susceptibility to anything but 
respectful fear was understood by the wiser even in those days. 
Archer, the feeble joker and lawyer who wanted to hang Smith 
according to Levitical Law, because in the notable adventure which 
was over Pocahontas, and eventually saved the Colony, some of his 
followers had got themselves killed through disobeying his orders. 
Ratcliffe, who had an alas and was distressed on that account, as 
well as others. Kendal, suspected of being a Spanish spy, who was 
executed by the colonists for a plot against the public good, being 
denounced by the blacksmith as he was actually putting his own 
head into the noose for treachery, and thereby saving his life. 
George Percy, brother to the Earl of Northumberland, a good 
fellow on the whole, loyal to the Colony and a long abiding figure 
in it, but not over strong in character. Martin, respectable in 
character but frail in body, Hunt, the devoted minister ; and lastly, 
Smith’s sturdy supporters Phettiplace, Todkill and others, utility 
men who were ever ready to assist in his sensible measures. 

Wingfield was deposed in September, and Ratcliffe became 
nominally president of the survivors, now huddled in rude shelters 
on the malarial peninsula, stockaded from the mainland. Smith, 
however, was the moving spirit, and the qualities of leadership 
shine through his writings even were there no other witnesses, 
It was he who traded for corn with the suspicious and uncertain 
Indians along the coasts, when hunger pinched and starva- 
tion threatened. And it was he at the close of the year who 
went exploring up the Chickahomony, and while some way in 


Xiv LOK RODCCHPTON. 


advance and alone fell into the hands of Powhatan’s warriors, 
after an exciting fight with overpowering numbers. For nearly a 
month Smith was carried about the country, on exhibition from 
tribe to tribe, sometimes threatened with death, sometimes well 
treated, till he was brought up for final judgment before the great 
Powhatan himself, at his regal wigwam on the banks of the York 
River. Cheery, resourceful, and always observant, he was now, it 
appeared, actually to suffer the fate which, by Indian custom, was 
inevitable to a man who had slain tribesmen as Smith had done, 
while resisting capture on the Chickahomony. Then came the 
scene with which every schoolboy, every American schoolboy at 
any rate, is familiar. Smith’s head was actually laid on the fatal 
stone, and the clubs raised to beat his brains out, when 
Powhatan’s favourite daughter, Pocahontas, a girl of twelve or 
thirteen, seized the victim’s head in her arms and averted the 
coming blow. She did not risk her life, but merely exercised the 
right common to the women of Indian tribes, old or young, and 
claimed his person and his life’ as her own property and for 
adoption into the tribe. Her tender age and all that we know of 
Smith’s relation towards her is suggestive of pity rather than of 
sexual love as the prompter of this act, which was within her rights. 
The great importance of this incident, not merely to Smith, but to 
the struggling colony in general, and what it owed to the romantic 
friendship of this young Indian girl, becomes clear enough as the 
story of Jamestown proceeds. 

But it is on the veracity of this famous incident that Smith’s 
literary detractors base one of their gravest accusations against 
him. And at first sight it seems a most plausible one. No one 
denies the general facts of Smith’s captivity, for his enemy, the 
deposed Wingfield, has left record of it, or how he was carried about 
from tribe to tribe. But the weak spot in the Pocahontas incident 
lies in the fact that Smith wrote the two accounts of this period, 
“The True Relation” and “ The General History ” at different dates. 
The first was written immediately after his deliverance in 1608, to 
a friend (unknown) in England and was published there, though 


aaa 


INTROD OCT.IOWN. XV 


with the editor’s note that certain things had been suppressed. In 
this account no mention is made of the Pocahontas intervention, 
nor of ill-treatment by his captors, while in the “General History ” 
published in 1624, long after his return to England, Smith relates it 
at length. Adverse critics affirm that Smith invented it. They 
ignore the fact that strict orders had been given by the London 
Company that nothing should be published likely to frighten 
intending colonists, and that the publisher of Smith’s first letter 
had implied that something was left out. The late Professor 
Fiske makes an admirable point in the fact that George Percy, whose 
reputation for wisdom had suffered somewhat in the “General 
History,” and who the next year wrote a pamphlet hostile to it and 
to Smith, would have seized with delight on such a monstrous fable 
if, as one of the original Jamestown colonists, he had not known it 
to be true; whereas he made no allusion to it whatever. As to 
the incident itself, so far from having the fairy tale aroma about it 
that a European or Oriental stage might suggest, it was quite in 
accordance with a recognised custom among the North American 
Indians, and would be found occurring frequently in subsequent 
narratives of adventure or war among them. This custom was 
thoroughly understood and recognised in later times, and it is in 
favour of Smith’s credibility that he relates his story in evident 
ignorance that his escape was anything but an almost supernatural 
interposition of Providence. The fact that he was kindly treated 
and well fed though doomed to die, might be strange in the case 
of Asiatics or Africans; but the hapless prisoners of Red Indians 
were quite often well fed and cared for, that they might have more 
vitality to suffer the awful tortures to which they were generally 
doomed-—for these were inflicted not from personal animosity, but 
as a recognised sport, mainly for the benefit of the women. Smith 
got back to Jamestown early in January on the very day Newport 
arrived with what is known as“ The First Supply,” and just in time 
to prevent Master Archer—who seems to have exercised full 
influence over Ratcliffe, the president—from trying, at any rate, to 
hang Smith as before mentioned for the loss of his disobedient 


xvi INTRODUCTION. 


men, the details of which will be found in the text. One of 
Smith’s most conspicuous detractors goes so far as to extol this 
Ratcliffe (or Sicklemore as his real name seems to have been), and 
the officious attorney Archer, as patriots, though Wingfield 
himself denounces the latter as the most blatant of mischief-makers. 
The stout old Newport, however, arrived in time to put an end to 
such preposterous antics, and when he left, carried Archer with 
him as well as Wingfield. The first supply consisted of 130 men, 
24 of whom were styled gentlemen, and a good store of 
provisions. 

On the whole the “ First Supply ” was of worse quality than the 
original company; and with true British obstinacy refused to learn 
wisdom from the experience of the others, preferring to pay for it 
later in the loss of their health and lives. The second ship of this 
“Supply” had been driven back by tempests to the West Indies, 
and came in later with 70 more people. 

More corn was now urgently needed, and Smith, in company 
with Newport, visited his friend and adopted chieftain Powhatan, 
again paying for it with glass beads or copper. Smith made two 
long exploring expeditions this summer up the Chesapeake Bay 
and reached the Potomac, and while on these surveys made the 
first map of Virginia here printed and identified with his name. 
During his absence things went amiss at Jamestown, and on his 
return Ratcliffe was deposed and Smith became president. 

Newport returned in September with 70 more persons, 
including two women. The mortality during this second summer 
had been kept below thirty souls, or only twenty per cent. of the 
whole. The council at home, still full of the impossible theories 
that men so often have—whose interests are in continents they 
have never seen—now took to scolding, and Newport arrived with 
peremptory orders to find gold or the South Sea, whereupon 
Smith broke out into strong language. With a much more 
hopeless fatuity the English directors had decided to crown 
Powhatan—sending out the insignia and a suite of bedroom 
furniture to cement the dignity. As His Majesty would not come 


LTR ODUCT ION. xvii 


to Jamestown, Smith and Newport with an armed force had to go 
to Werowocomoco bearing all this untoward paraphernalia. The 
coronation is perhaps the most humorous event, both in its 
inception and performance, in colonial history. How they had 
to press down the shoulders of the savage monarch, since the 
action of kneeling suggested vague notions of indignity to his 
untutored mind, and hurriedly clap the crown on his head. How 
they dressed him to his great dissatisfaction in a scarlet robe, and 
terminated the burlesque with a feu de zoze, which sent him howling 
with terror into the woods, to return half pacified and solemnly 
present them with his old shoes. When Newport returned, Smith 
sent back to the Company his completed map and his “rude 
answer.” 

The returning ship was freighted with a strange cargo indeed 
this time, for a gold mania had broken out owing to the 
discovery of a yellow dirt, not uncommon in the streams and 
springs in Virginia, which was thought to be impregnated with the 
precious metal, and a load sent to England, to the ultimate dis- 
appointment of the poor exiles and the disgust of the Company 
when the truth was known. Smith seems to have held aloof from 
this enterprise and regarded it with contempt. Some of the 
soldier writers in these volumes tell humorous stories of how 
Smith tried to initiate the “gallants” into cutting down trees; 
how heartily and merrily they went at it, how soon their poor 
hands blistered, and how a loud oath accompanied each ill-directed 
blow, till the president established a penalty in the shape of a jug 
of cold water to be poured down their sleeve for each recorded 
oath. But all on such occasions we are told was good humour; and 
indeed it is almost the only little touch of fun or frolic that enlivens 
the dreary and pathetic struggle of these ill-found and ill-fitted 
pioneers, unless indeed the crowning of Powhatan may be 
accounted an entertainment. 

Smith’s “rude answer,” forwarded to the Company in London 
by Newport on the latter’s return in the autumn of 1608, will be 
found full of sound sense. He spoke of the insensate factions that 


XViil INTRODUCTION. 


made a hard job much harder. He begged them to remember 
that the Indians could only be trusted as long as the fear of the 
white men was in them. He prayed for the despatch of some 
practical men—farmers, carpenters, or blacksmiths. Thirty of 
these would be better than a thousand of such feckless souls as 
now stood face to face with Indians and starvation. The latter 
had become suspicious of the evidently permanent intentions of 
this settlement of pale faces, if not alarmed. They knew that on 
their corn alone the subsistence of the Colony depended, and began 
to look askance at beads and copper. Individual settlers, thought- 
less of the morrow, were trading off by stealth all the tools and 
implements vital to their existence, and even arms and weapons. 
Corn had to be forced out of the Indians to avert starvation, and 
the expeditions for this purpose required a leader at once 
conciliatory and tactful, but firm and fearless) How Smith 
achieved these, secured supplies sufficient for the winter, 
awed the numerous tribes of Indians into a neutral attitude, and 
finally increased and solidified the buildings and defences of 
Jamestown, dug wells and cleared land sufficient for a prospective 
corn crop, is all set forth by himself and others in simple, 
manly fashion. But in April, the second of the Colony’s history, 
anew and unforeseen curse fell upon them in the shape of rats, 
which had been brought over in the various ships, and increased 
so rapidly as to play utter havoc in the granaries. Fresh foraging 
for corn had to be ventured ; but the Indians, even when friendly, 
were themselves by this time short of it. Under these conditions 
Smith found it necessary to scatter the settlers in groups to live 
as they could by fishing and gathering berries in the woods. It 
was this summer, too, that Argyll, a ship’s commander who had 
thenceforward much to do with Virginia, arrived, bringing word 
that the Virginia Company had been reconstructed. Indeed, that 
very June a fleet of nine ships carrying 500 emigrants of both 
sexes had left the Thames. Lord Delaware under the title of 
Governor of Virginia, was to come later. Newport had charge 
of the flotilla, though Sir Thomas Gates and Sir George Somers, 


INTRODUCTION. *xix 


Lieutenant-Governor and Admiral, were with it in the Sea Venture. 
The fleet was shattered by a hurricane. Most of the ships, 
however, arrived at Jamestown, but the Sea Venture, containing 
the two high officials for the Colony, was wrecked on the then 
unknown Bermudas. Gates and Somers were detained there 
ten months, during which they built a couple of pinnaces and 
managed ultimately to reach Jamestown. In the meantime there 
was no one to depose Smith, though the old mischief-makers 
Archer and Ratcliffe had turned up; and backed by a clamorous 
horde of ignorant new settlers, the latter called on the president 
to resign in his favour. That astute veteran, however, backed now 
by a trusty following of some thirty old settlers, so far from 
complying, arrested Ratcliffe as a disturber of the peace. This 
fresh supply of emigrants seems to have been of even worse quality 
than ever. They were too numerous for effectual restraint ; they 
quarrelled with the Indians, aroused their enmity, and numbers of 
them lost their lives. They wasted their supplies, produced 
nothing, and in short repeated all the follies of the first colonists 
on a scale more serious from their greater numbers. By the 
following winter they had brought themselves to the verge of 
starvation, and were beginning to devour the dead, till a man 
being at last discovered eating his own wife, whose limbs he had 
salted, the haggard survivors were shocked into sanity and burned 
him at the stake, the wretched victim throwing his bible into 
the flames, and crying out, “ Alas, there is no God!” When Gates 
and Somers arrived, they found 60 miserable survivors almost too 
weak to stand. It was then decided to abandon the Colony and 
return to England. On June 7, 1610, the whole company— 
newcomers and survivors—went on board and set sail down the 
river. A melancholy band representing, so it might well seem, the 
wretched funeral of hopes that had stirred England to its depths 
for years. Never in history, perhaps, has there been a more pro- 
vidential and dramatic incident than now occurred. For as the 
miserable fugitives neared Old Point Comfat they met Lord 
Delaware, the first Governor of Virginia, with three ships well 


xx™ INTRODUCTION 


supplied with men and stores coming to their relief. All was 
now changed. Jamestown was reoccupied with renewed hope, 
and though much had to be done and much suffered, Virginia was 
never again in serious danger; but well sustained by the New 
Company, with men, money, and stores, and well governed, went 
steadily forward till the planting of tobacco assured her prosperity, 
and made her a distinguished Colony and the mother of dis- 
tinguished sons. 

But in the meantime Smith had left the Colony in 1609, the 
year preceding this critical incident and the disaster which 
brought it on. For whilst returning down the James River from 
a careful inspection of the site where Richmond now stands, with 
a view to moving the Colony thither from its unhealthy situation 
at Jamestown, a bag of powder exploded in his boat and injured 
him so seriously that a return to England was necessary., So in 
October this staunch pillar and saviour of the struggling colony 
left it, as it turned out, for ever. Asa matter of fact he had done 
his work. The reconstituted Company in London—after the crisis of 
1610 was over—was powerful enough to govern and protect Virginia 
during the rapid development brought about by the tobacco 
industry and the immigration it attracted. 

The Pocahontas story is, of course, by far the most luminous 
feature of this early Virginia settlement in the mind of the general 
public, vague enough though any knowledge of its details may be. 
It does deserve, however, some further importance than the mere 
beauty of the incident merits, for the violent affection of whatsoever 
nature that Pocahontas conceived for Smith, and her consequent 
friendship for the English on more than one occasion, seems very 
probably to have been the means of saving the Colony from 
destruction. More than once she warned them of her father’s 
treacherous designs, and during periods of distress she constantly 
conveyed corn by stealth to the starving settlers, so long as 
Smith was there. 

How Argall kidnapped her after Smith’s departure, and 
brought her to Jamestown as a hostage for Powhatan’s good 


INTRODUCTION. xxi 


behaviour; how she afterwards married the widower Rolfe, a 
gentleman settler and the first to plant tobacco in Virginia; and 
how she came to England, was féted at Court, and treated as a 
princess of royal blood, will be found herein fully described. Her 
interview with Smith in England, and finally her death from 
pulmonary disease while on the point of returning to the more 
congenial clime of her native Virginia, lends additional pathos 
to a story which has no parallel in our colonial annals. The public- 
house sign of La Belle Sauvage, still recalls the memory of the 
gentle Indian maid and matron, while many Virginian families are 
descended from her son, who, educated in England, went out later 
and settled in the Colony. 

Smith remained for some time in England. The Virginia 
colonists, as we have seen, got themselves into dire trouble after his 
departure. He could not have been altogether a persona grata 
to the London Company, for he had given them much unasked-for 
advice of a sound nature, which they had not followed, and 
suffered accordingly. When Lord Delaware went out, it was in 
accordance with the aristocratic tendencies of the Stuart period, that 
rank was indispensable to important command of any sort. There 
was no place for the yeoman’s son in future, now the Colony was safe. 
And as a subordinate, with so many ready-made enemies, Smith 
might well have been a cause of faction. He retained his interest, 
however, in the Company, and seems to have been occasionally 
consulted. In 1613 he accepted the command of two ships from 
London merchants of the Virginia Company, on a voyage of 
exploration to New England, with instructions to find gold mines 
—a quest Smith had some contempt for—kill whales, and collect 
furs. He returned in six months with some sort of cargo, but what 
was more valuable, with careful surveys and maps of the coast 
made by himself. Two years afterwards Smith offended the 
Londoners by refusing the command of a larger expedition to 
New England, where fisheries were the chief object of interest. 
He declared himself in favour of all such expeditions starting from 
Plymouth—firstly, as the then troublesome Thames and Channel 

é 


xxli* InTRODUCTION: 


navigation was avoided; and secondly, because the west country- 
men were the better fishermen. His last voyage was made from 
Plymouth to New England, after many disappointments, in a 
barque of thirty tons, and abounded in adventures that must have 
reminded him of his youthful days in the Mediterranean and the 
Bay of Biscay. In the meantime Smith was made Admiral of 
New England, and made many futile attempts to promote the 
systematic colonisation of that region ; and apparently spent all his 
time writing his books and travelling about, distributing them and 
his maps, and stimulating a patriotic desire for oversea dominion 
among Englishmen. The famous* Puritan exodus springing from 
quite other sources in 1620, crossed the line, as it were, of his and 
his merchant friends’ endeavours, and though it succeeded, the 
frightful sufferings experienced during the first winter were, no 
doubt, due to the exclusive and amateur nature of the enterprise. 

Smith died unmarried in 1631, aged fifty-one, only possessed 
apparently of his original share in the Lincolnshire estate, and was 
buried in the choir of St Sepulchre’s Church. A monument was 
erected over his remains, inscribed with a voluminous epitaph 
preserved for us by Stow, for the church was destroyed in the 
great fire of 1661. 

This brief sketch of a great and insufficiently appreciated 
Englishman has seemed necessary, from the fact of Smith’s works 
being arranged in the chronological order of their production and 
not in that of the achievements related. And, moreover, there is 
inevitable repetition as well as discrepancies in dates and minor 
matters, due doubtless to the fact that some accounts were written 
while the events were fresh in the mind, and others many years 
after, when memory had failed somewhat. The Z7rue Travels, for 
instance, covering the most dramatic and earliest portion of Smith’s 
life—his European experiences in short—was not published till 
1629-30, and finds its place in consequence almost at the end of 
these volumes. These chapters, however, stand alone, and may be 
read without reference to any others. What is known, however, as 


* This term is used in a general, not particular, sense. 


INTRO D OC TALON *xxili 


the “True Relation” is Smith’s account of the doings of the 
Virginians till 1608, embodied in a letter already mentioned as 
sent home by him to England, and published by a friend, possibly 
the Rev. W. Simmonds. Next, in 1612, came a map of Virginia, 
with a description of the country from Smith’s pen, a pamphlet 
purely descriptive of the natural features of the country, and neither 
historical nor autobiographical. In the same year, published with 
the other, was Simmonds’ fuller Proceedings of the English Colony 
in Virginia from their first beginning till the year 1612. This 
book is compiled from the testimony of various members of the 
Golony, whose names are attached to it. It covers the same 
ground as the “True Relation,” but extends three years later. 

Then came the three works in succession on New England, 
published by Smith in 1616, 1620, and 1622 respectively. These 
as regards Smith’s personal adventures all relate to his two 
voyages to New England, amplified by letters to various people 
and numerous observations and criticisms. Then in 1624 came 
the General Historie of Virginia, in six books, much the largest 
work, part of it a reprint of Simmonds’ and Smith’s book on the 
same subject published twelve years previously. 

The first book of the “General History” relates to the many 
voyages and unsuccessful attempts to settle Virginia before Smith’s 
time. Books II. and III. are the reprints with variations of Smith’s 
period in Virginia, above alluded to. Book IV. carries on the 
history of the Colony from the time he left it till 1624. Book V. 
is a history of the discovery and settlement of the Bermudas or 
Somer Isles, and Book VI. reiates wholly to New England, with a 
map and reprint, with variations of the three works on the same 
subject before mentioned as published between 1616 and 1620, 

There remains only the Accidence for Young Seamen published 
in 1626, an isolated work, and in 1631 Advertisements for the 
unexperienced Planters of New England or anywhere, etc., appeared 
as Smith’s last effort. Then there are some thirty poems by 
twenty-five different authors, most of them eulogistic dedications to 
Smith by comrades and admirers who had toiled with him or 


xxiv* INTRODUCTION. 


served under him. Many hostile critics of Smith, as of most other 
national heroes, have arisen in recent times, and as many of at 
least equal weight have sprung to his defence. The former have 
seized with avidity on every discrepancy of date and obscureness 
in topographical orthography, and cited quite possible exaggeration 
as proof positive that their author was a kind of Baron Munchausen. 
While contemporary evidence they explain away by convenient 
theories of their own, which sometimes evince a grievous lack of 
touch with the social conditions of England in Smith’s day. Some 
of them again are so rabid as wholly to weaken their case. They 
even seem insensible to the charm and merits of Smith’s literary 
work—of which any reader may judge—of his patriotic fervour, his 
common-sense, his keen powers of observation, which again and 
again would strike home to the practical pioneer even in these widely 
different times. Nothing in the world arouses jealousies, mis- 
understandings, bitterness of heart, among associates and employees, 
more than co-operative enterprises in untried and remote regions. 
How much more was this the case in the ignorant sanguine efforts 
of three centuries ago needs no saying. At this day, with every 
advantage of rapid communication and systematic information, 
the action of stay-at-home directors and even government depart- 
ments wears out oftentimes the patience and the spirit of those 
upon the spot who “bear the burden and heat of the day,” and leads 
betimes to great disasters. Smith’s attitude to the Virginia 
Company in London, is an old and familiar story by no means 
out of date in its general aspect. The successful intrigues of 
good-for-nothing colonists and employees, whose enmity should 
have been his highest testimonial, and the indifference of the 
Company to his services, are eminently typical of all periods of 
colonisation. Though to the students and the scholars who naturally 
have had the handling of Smith’s reputation this point of view only 
is apt to appeal in conventional and academic fashion. In 
conclusion, it may be worth noting that the criticism of American 
students either for or against Smith derives no value over that 
of their British confreres in the same path from a Transatlantic 


COM TUR OD OC IE ON. ¥XXV 


environment, unless it be in pointing out more strongly than the 
others, how much in keeping with the traditional habits of the 
Red Indians were Smith’s adventures and encounters with them, 
and for a greater appreciation of the accuracy of Smith’s observa- 
tions and maps. 

_ Asa matter of fact, none of these things are disputed or affect 
the question. The contentious ground is mainly in Europe, and 
chiefly concerns the publishing, bookselling, social and commercial 
world of early Jacobean London. No one has worked harder in 
this field on account of Smith, or had greater advantages than 
Edward Arber, and his conclusions are well known. If the 
personal note may be pardoned in such a place as this, I should 
like to say that the present writer, though an Englishman, spent 
some dozen years in the same historic valley, though higher up it, 
in which Smith and his fellow colonists three centuries ago faced 
the trials of the wilderness. To any one thus situated the 
impressions made upon the latter, of this fair country, so faithfully 
and naively recorded, are of peculiar interest. Generations of slave- 
holders, occasionally the regenerate descendants of the later 
“supplies” living along the banks of the James in not unpictur- 
esque or undignified isolation, have contributed in some sort to 
retain the romance that will ever hang about Virginia, and 
especially this region of the James River, - Indeed, the counties 
around the lower James have in the main lost most even of that 
great rural animation and leisurely well-being that distinguished 
them through the eighteenth and much of the nineteenth century. 
The cataclysm caused by the late Civil War and the downfall of 
slavery was nowhere greater, and scarcely anywhere so great, 
as here. The seats of that society which represented the full 
development of the Virginia of Smith and his contemporaries 
know it no more. Nor, on the other hand, could any echo of 
prosperous and modern America a few years ago, at any rate, 
have been heard there. It was by comparison a deserted country, 
thinly covered with the despondent-looking relics of a regime 
that had passed away for ever, and for the like of which there 


xxvi* INTRODUCTION. 


never again could be any place. That industry and prosperity of 
a different kind may, nay, already is in parts claiming it again, is 
not pertinent to these pages. The remnants of the forests through 
which John Smith and his companies wandered, and Pocahontas 
_ frisked with her maidens, the thin, sad-looking, weedy fields which 
generations of their successors cultivated with generations of, on 
the whole, cheerful negroes, were, within recent memory, as har- 
monious a setting as the cracked gravestones and fragments of 
masonry which mark the site of Jamestown, could possibly have 
in that bustling new world of which East Virginia even yet 
remains very much of a backwater. 


FG 


BIBLIOGRAPHY 


OHN SMITH’S published writings comprise eight books, the 
titles of which were as follows:—A True Relation of such 
Occurrences and Accidents of Note as hath hapned in Virginia 
since the first planting of that Colony, London, 1608. This 

was first attributed to a gentleman of the colony, secondly to 
Thomas Watson, and was not assigned to Smith until 1615. 
In this work no mention is made of the rescue by Pocahontas, 
—referred to incidentally as a child of ten, who not only for 
feature, countenance, and proportion greatly exceeded the rest of 
her countrywomen, but was “the only nonpareil of the country.” 
The Relation was followed by a geographical treatise, A Map of 
Virginia, with a Description of the Country, Oxford, 1612, written 
by Captain Smith, edited by W[iiliam] S[immonds]. Four years 
later appeared A Description of New England, London, 1616, 
which attained to the honour of a German translation in 1628. 
Some of the same material was used in Mew England Trials 
(written during his French captivity), London, 1620, of which a 
second and enlarged edition appeared in 1622. A more 
important work was The General History of Virginia, New 
England, and The Summer Isles, London, 1624, reprinted in 1626, 
1627, and 1632. In this work the account of Captain Smith’s 
escape from the Indians in January 1608 is greatly embellished. 
It is perhaps no injustice to Smith to say that it was improved, for 
the laudable purpose of presenting Pocahontas in the most 
favourable light during her visit to England and the Court during 
the winter of 1616-16017. This improved version was naturally 
1 See Madan, Zarly Oxford Press, p. 82. 


*xxvii 


XXvili* BIBLIOGER APRS. 


embodied in the General History, where the princess is represented 
as the good genius of the settlers at Jamestown. 

The General History was followed by An Accidence, or the 
Pathway to Experience necessary for all young Seamen, London, 
1626, recast in the following year, and enlarged probably 
by another hand under the title, Ze Seaman’s Grammar, or, A Sea 
Grammar, both works and all three titles appearing in use side by 
side. In 1630 appeared Smith’s much debated autobiography, 
entitled, The True Travels, Adventures,and Observations of Captain 
John Smith in Europe, Asia, Africa, and America, from Anno 
Domini 1593 to 1629, together with a Continuation of his General 
History of Virginia, issued in London about a year before his 
death, and here reprinted with Smith’s other works in full, There 
remained only, Advertisements for the Unexperienced Planters of 
New England, London, 1631, A fuller bibliographical account of 
these writings, and of their complicated interrelation, is given in 
Professor E, Arber’s elaborate introduction to the original reprint 
of them in the Exglish Scholar's Library of 1884. 

After Smith’s own works, which constitute the sole authority 
for many of his exploits, the most valuable contemporary sources 
are Newport’s Dzscoveries in Virginza, first published in 1860 in 
the fourth volume of Archaeologia Americana; Wingfield’s Discourse 
of America, in the same collection; and Spelman’s Relation of 
Virginia (printed London, 1872). Slightly later in origin are 
Robert Johnson’s Mew Life of Virginia, 1612, and Whitaker’s 
Good Newes from Virginia, 1613. These chronicles of eye- 
witnesses were followed in the eighteenth century by Keith’s 
History of Virginia, 1738, and by the valuable and well- 
documented History of the First Discovery and Settlement of 
Virginia, by William Stith, Williamsburgh, 1747 (with which 
should further be collated Samuel Adams Drake, On the Making 
of Virginia, 1894, and the new volumes of Virginia Company 
Records, issued in 1906). 

Since Thomas Fuller expressed doubt of the veracity of 
Captain Smith in his Worthzes, Mr Charles Deane, in his Motes on 


wp tent td hetasartten 


“ tue 
a res 


BYISLLOGCR ¢4P HY. *y xix 


Wingfield’s Discourse of America, printed at Boston in 1859, was the 
first to impugn Captain Smith’s latest version of his emotional 
rescue by Pocahontas. Mr Deane repeated and accentuated his 
historic doubts in a note to an edition of Smith’s Zrue Relation of 
1866, and the same view was supported by Edward Duffield Neill, 
in his Virginia Company of London (Vol. v., printed separately as 
Pocahontas and her Companions, London, 1869), and in the same 
writer’s valuable work on The English Colonisation of America, 
1871. Charles Dudley Warner,in his Study of the Life and Writings 
of John Smith in 1881, treats the Pocahontas episode with sceptical 
levity. Deane’s views were also supported by Henry Adams, in the 
North American Review, January 1867; by Henry Cabot Lodge, in 
his Exglish Colonies in America, 1881 ; by Justin Winsor, in the third 
volume of his Hzstory of America; and with some reservations by 
J. Gorham Palfrey, in his Hzstory of New England, 1866, and by 
Mr J. A. Doyle, in his English in America: Virginia, 1882. 
Bancroft found a place for the story in the narrative of his Hzstory 
down to 1879, when in the centenary edition of his History of the 
United States, he abandoned it, without expressing judgment. 
Coit Tyler, in his Hzstory of American Literature of 1879, laments 
that the “pretty story” of Smith and his fair rescuer, as depicted in 
stone as a relief upon the capital at Washington, should have lost 
historical credit. S. R. Gardiner, in his Azstory of England in 
1883, similarly regrets this piece of demolition by historical 
investigators, Alexander Brown, in his scholarly Genesis of the 
United States of America (Vol. ii., 1890), takes an even more 
pessimistic view. The balance of trained opinion was then, until 
quite lately, clearly in favour of treating the rescue incident as a 
poetic figment. 

An attempt at the strictest impartiality is maintained in the 
Memoiy of Captain Smith, by Charles Kiltridge True (New 
York, 1882), in Appleton’s Cyclopedia of American Biography, 
1888; and in the memoirs of John Rolfe (husband of Pocahontas) 
and John Smith, in the Dzctionary of National Biography. 

But Captain Smith has found warm defenders of the general 


xxx* BIBLIOGRAPHY. 


sincerity of his narrative, and even of the substantial cotrectness 
of the Pocahontas episode, in Professor Arber, in his edition of 
Smith’s Writings, and also in his elaborate memoir of Smith, in 
the twenty-second volume of the Eucyclopedia Britannica; in 
Mr William Wirt Henry, an eloquent champion of the Powhatan 
story, in his Address to the Virginia Historical Society, of February 
1882; in Mr John Ashton, who published a recuedl of Smith's 
Adventures and Discourses in 1883; in Mr Wyndham Robertson’s 
not perhaps entirely impartial researches into the credibility of 
his heroine’s achievement, in Pocahontas and her Descendants, 
1887; in J. Poindexter’s Captain John Smith and his Critics of 
1893; in John Fiske’s Old Virginia and her Neighbours (2 vols. 
1897); in the numerous papers and essays dealing with the 
tercentenary of the founding of Virginia in Scrzbner’s and other 
American magazines during 1907-8; and in Mr A. G. Bradley’s 
monograph on Captain John Smith, in the English Men of Action 
Series, of 1905. 

Less critical presentations of the exploits of Captain John 
Smith, based for the most part upon his own True Travels and 
General History, have appeared as follows :—The Life and Extra- 
ordinary Adventures of Captain John Smith, by J. Bilknap [1820]; 
A Life of Captain John Smith, by G. S. Hillard (in Sparks’s Lzbrary 
of American Biography), 1834; Captain John Smith, by W. Gilmore 
Simms, New York, 1846; John Smith of Virginia, by George C., 
Hill, New York, 1858; The True Story of John Smith, by Katharine 
Pearson Woods (with portraits), London, 1901; The Adventures of 
Captain John Smith, Captain of Two Hundred and Fifty Horse, 
and Sometime President of Virginia, by E. P. Roberts (with illustra- 
tions and maps, based directly upon the 2 vol. issue of this reprint 
in 1884), London, 1902; Captain John Smith (an attempt to retell 
the story), New York, 1904. 


T.S 


hee 


at heme 
SS. 


INTRODUCTION 


BY PROF. E. ARBER 
BARLEY LERE a: 15.9:3+1,0.0'4...A.Dé 


Vincere est vivere. Accordamuis. 


‘g> OHN SMITH “descended of ye Family of Cuardly in 
¥7/ Lancashire” is the record of Sir WILLIAM SEGAR, Garter 
King of Arms, in 1625, see 2. xxiv. 

As our Author never went to any University, the most 
reliable information respecting his family will be found in 
his father’s Will, and the entries in the parish registry of 
Willoughby juz¢a Alford, in Lincolnshire. 

Mr. JOHN SWAN, the present District Registrar of the 
Probate Court, at Lincoln, states there are no Wills in his 

* charge, of any SMITH at Willoughby in 1592 or 1593; 

and has obligingly furnished the following copy of GEORGE SMITH’s Will of 1596. 

In the Name of God, Amen. In the thyrtyth day of Marche 
a thowsande five hundreth ninety six I George Smith of 
Willougbie juxta Alford on Marisco in the Countie of Lincolne 
beinge of good and perfect memorie I thanke God for itt 
thoughe in bodie weake and paynde doe ordeyne and make 
this my last Will and Testamentt in maner and forme follow- 
inge Fyrst I bequeathe my Soule into the mercifull hands of 
th{eJalmightie God in the mediation of Fesus Chryst myne 
alone and all sufficientt saviour, and my bodie to be buried 
within Willoughbie Churche 

Item I give to Lincoln Minster vjd. 

Item to ye poore of ye foresaide Willoughbie iijs. iiijd. 

Item I give to ye Right Honorable my Lord Willoughbie under 
whome I have many yeares lived as his poore tennant as a 
token of my dewtifull good will the best of my two yeares old 
colts 

Item I geve and bequeathe unto Alice my Wyfe ye ferme which I 
now dwell in which I houlde by coppie of Court rowle as ye 
grant of ye Right Honorable my foresaide good Lorde duringe 
her widdow hoode accordinge to ye custome of his Lordshippe 
manner of Willoughbie; and ifit shall please God that my saide 
Wyfe doe marry agayne and take a second husband, then my 
Will is that my saide ferme shall come to Fohn Smyth my 
eldest sonne whome I chardge and command to honoure and 
love my foresaide good Lord Willoughbie duringe his lyfe 

Item I geve to Alice Smyth my Wyfe tenne pounds of good and 


tip 


XX LYGRODEC FIO Me 


lawfull currant mony of England to be paide unto her att ye 
quarter off a yeares end next after my deathe 

Item I will and bequeathe unto ye saide Alice my Wyfe a bed- 
steade in ye first Chamber with a fetherbedd a coveringe a 
paire of lynne{n] sheets one blanckett a bowlster with pillow 
and pillowe beare 

Item 1 geve to Alice Smyth my doughter tenn pownds of good 
and lawfull currant monie of England, with a bedstead in the 
parler and a fetherbedd and coveringe and a blanckett a paire 
of lynne[n] sheets and a pare of hempen sheets with boulster 
pillow and pillow beares 

Item I give to the saide Alice my doughter halfe of all my 
pewter and brasse And if ye saide Alice my daughter doe dye 
before ye age of eighteene yeares, I will that all her parte and 
porcion aswell of money as of other things be equally devided 
betweene myne executors 

Item I geve and bequeathe to Robert Smyth my Kynsman fourty 
shillings of good and lawfull currant monye of England to be 
given him within one halfe yeare next after my death 

Item I geve to Fohn Smyth mine eldest sonne and to ye heires 
of his body lawfully begotten Seaven acres of pasture lyenge 
within ye territoare of Charleton Magne 

Item I geve to Frauncis Smyth my younger sonne and to ye 
heires of his bodie lawfully begotten my two tenements and 
one Little Close in a certeyn Streete in Lowthe called West- 
gate And if ye saide Frauncis dye without issue of his bodie 
lawfully begotten I will that ye saide tenements and close 
remaine to my said sonne Fokn Smyth and his issue of his 
bodie lawfully begotten 

All ye rest of my goods nott yett given nor bequeathed aswell 
moveable as unmoveable; my debts paied and my bodie 
honestly brought to ye grounde I will shall equally be 
devided betwixt my saide two sonnes Fohn Smyth and Frauncis 
Smyth whome I make the Coexecutors of this my last Will 
and Testament : and I hartely and earnestly entreate my goode 
Frende Master George Mettham, to be ye supervisor of this my 
last Will and Testament to whome I give in consideracon of 
his paynes xs 

Wittnesses to this last Will and Testament 


Thomas Scarboroughe and Bartholomew Lawrence 


{Extracted from the District Registry attached to the Probate Division of the High Court 


Justice at Lincoln.) - 


pa: ot Anns ar 


INTRODUCTION. xxl 


The parish register of Willoughby by Alford in Lincolnshire begins in 1538 ; 
but the earlier portion of it is very worn, and in parts, very illegible. In the 
seventeenth century, however, a transcript was made of this earlier portion, 
which still exists. _ 

By the kindness of the present Rector, the Rev. JOHN S. WARREN, M.A., 
we are enabled to give the following information of our author’s family. 

Iohn the sonne of George Smyth was baptized the ixth daie of 
Ianuarye [1579, or according to the modern reckoning 1580]. 


This occurs in the original register thus. 


Iohes smith filius Georgie smith babtizatus fuit ixth die Ianuarie 
Anno supradicto. 


Francis the sonne of George Smyth was baptised the vi daie of 
Nouember [1581}. 


Richard, the sonne of George Smyth was baptised the xvi daie of 
Tulie [1586]. 
Richard Smith was bur[ied] ye xxvi daie of Iulie [1586]. 


Alice the daughter of George Smith was baptised the first daie of 
ffebruarie [1589]. 

Georg(el Smyth of Willoughbi was buried] ye iij day of April 
[1596]. 

The original registry of this entry is not now extant. 


With these entries we may associate another, which perhaps refers to some 
connection with our Author’s family. 


Grace the daughter of John Smyth was baptized the x daie of 
November [1581]. 


| BS 


And truly there is no pleasure comparable to that of a generous spirit; as good employment in noble 
actions, especially amongst Turks, Heathens and Infidels; to see daily new countries, people, fashions, 
gpvernments, stratagems ; to relieve the oppressed, comfort his friends, pass miseries, subdue enemies, 
adventure upon any feasible danger for GOD and Country. It is true, it isa happy thing to be born to 
strength, wealth, and honour ; but that which is got by prowess and magnanimity is the truest lustre: 
and those can the best distinguish Content, that have escaped most honourable dangers ; as if, out of every 
extremity, he found himself new born to a new life, to learn how to amend and maintain his Age. 

J. SMITH, 1630, 2. 962. 

The wars in Europe, Asia, and Africa taught me how to subdue the wild savages in Virginia and New 
England in America. J. SmitTH, 1630, 2 925. 


quitie, having by perusall of my Generall Historie, and 
F others [t.¢., his other earlier publications}, found that I 
: 4X had likewise undergone divers other as hard hazards in 
the other parts of the world, requested me to fix the whole course 
of my passages in a booke by it selfe. 4. 808. 


xxii INTRODUCTION, 


These “ Travels,” SMITH dedicated to the Earls of PEMBROKE, LINDSEY, and 
DovER : the second of whom, ROBERT BERTIE (who succeeded to the Barony 
of WILLOUGHBY D’ERESBY in 1601, and who was created on the 26th Novem- 
ber 1626) Earl of LINDSEY, had, with his brother, twice met our Author during his 
wanderings abroad : viz., at Orleans, in 1596, . 822; and at Siena, in 1601, p. 827. 

We know enough of London society in the year 1629, and of the Episcopal 
censorship of the English press at that time, to be quite sure that no man would 
have dared to have offered to Sir ROBERT COTTON and those three Earls as trwe 
travels, a deliberately made up story of adventures which never happened. This 
alone is sufficient to shew that these ¢rwe travels is an honestly written narrative 
of personal experiences. 

2. That narrative however is fully corroborated by a number of incidental 
details and minute points, such as the following, occurring in his Works long 
before he has any thought of writing it. 

In July 1608, SMITH exploring Chesapeake Bay in an open boat, named a 
headland, Point Ployer, #%. 110, 414, in memory of the great kindness of Earl 
PLOYER of Brittany to him, eight years before, J. 825. This name first appears 
in his Map of Virginia printed at Oxford in 1612. 

In May—June 1614, he named the present Cape Anne in New England, Cape 
Tragbigzanda, ~f. 204, &c., in memory of the kindness, if not the personal affec- 
tion shewn him, while a Christian slave at Constantinople in 1603, by CHARATZA 
TRAGABIGZANDA, ff. 276, 853, 866: whose brother, TIMOR the Pasha of 
Nalbrits, he afterwards, in pure self-defence, killed ; escaping away in his clothes 
and on his horse, across the steppes to the Russian outposts. At the same time 
in 1614, he named three islands, off Cape Anne the Three Turks Heads, A. 204, 
in memory of his famous passage of arms at Regal in Transylvania in 1602, 
p. 838. Both designations were first published in his Description of New England, 
in June 1616, long before he designed to print his travels. 

The allusions to what he had seen in his travels in his earlier Works at 
pp. 56, 59, 62 come in naturally, are true as to fact, and could hardly have 
been invented. 

In this connection may be considered our Author’s general reticence about 
himself in the Zvavels. Evidently his personal adventures are rather under- 
stated than overstated therein. He was surely not idle on board the Breton 
ship, in that fight in 1601, in the Strait of Otranto, when she took the Venetian 
argosy, #p. 826-7 ; or in that other sea-fight in 1604, off Cape Bojador, when the 
English ship (in which, by stress of weather, he made an involuntary cruise), 
under the command of Captain MERHAM, whom he so delightedly calls “the old 
fox,” fought two Spanish men-of-war at once, #f. 878-880: yet of the personal 
help, which we are sure he gave on both these occasions, he says not a word. 
So generally, while he is proud of his strategy and devices, he tells us very 
little of his personal bravery in the various battles in Eastern Europe in which 
he took part: with the exception of the succession of duels that he fought at 
Regal in 1602; which he could hardly have left out, seeing he bore the three 
Turks’ heads in his coat of arms. 

3. Whatever difficulty there may be about that manuscript History or 
Biography of FRANCISCO FARNESE, ~. 788, there is no doubt that Rev. S 
PURCHAS had it, or a copy of it, in his hands about 1623, or 1624. 

“. .. The Earle of Me/dritch, with whom [Smzth] going to Vienna in Austria, 
hee made him Captaine of two hundred and fiftie Souldiers, vnder whose 


INTRODUCTION. XXill 


Regiments how he spent his time, this insuing Discourse will declare, as it is 
written in a Booke intituled, The Warres of Transiluania, Wallachi{a], and 
Moldauia, written by Francisco Ferneza a Learned Jtalian, Secretarie to 
Sigismundus Bathor the Prince,” ii. 1363-61, £d. 1625. 

PURCHAS then gives what in the present Text forms the greater part of 
Chapters iv.-xi., at AP, 829-852, as “Extracts of Captaine Smiths Transyluanian 
Acts, out of #r. Fer. his Storie :” which account SMITH says, at £. 852, PURCHAS 
himself translated, apparently from the Italian. Sefior Don PASCUAL DE GAYAN- 
Gos has seen a printed Spanish translation of this Italian history, rendered into 
Spanish by a MONTALVO: but the manuscript History itself is apparently lost. 
That it existed, and that a copy of it was in PURCHAS’s hands there can be no 
doubt, as he thus distinctly refers to it at ii. 1366, ‘‘as the Historie at large will 
plainly shew, the times, place, chiefe Commanders, with the manner and order 
of their battels, and fights ; to which I refer you.” It is also to be noted that 
though Vol. ii, of PURCHAS’s Pilgrimes is dated 1625, it was in hand two or 
three years ; so that this translation being made by him in 1623 or 1624, is fully 
five years earlier than SMITH’s True Travels. 

It may also be pointed out that SMITH, with his usual modesty, in giving 
this portion of his adventures, especially in the account of his fights with the three 
Turks, at 2%. 829-852, mainly reprints PURCHAS’s “ Extracts ” from FARNESE, 
2.é., he chiefly uses the words of another person, and that person a foreigner. 

4. A third corroboration of the truth of the Travels will be found in the Com- 
plimentary Verses, first printed in his Description of New England, in June 
1616, pf. 230-1. These Verses are written by two old Officers of his company 
of 250 men, one of the foyr making up the regiment of 1,000 horse, in which 
our Author served under Te Earl of MELDRI, in Eastern Europe ; of which 
regiment, after the victorious combats at Regal, the Earl made SMITH, Major, or 
second in command, 7. 840. 

The writers of these Verses, were his Ensign, THOMAS CARLTON ; and his 
Sergeant, EDWARD ROBINSON : who were the only two Englishmen out of the 
twelve present, %. 852, who escaped alive from the battle of Rothenthurm 
(Rottenton) in Transylvania, on the 18th of November 1602; when SMITH was 
left sore wounded on the battle-field, only to become afterwards a Turkish slave. 
The testimony as to the Writers’ personal knowledge and admiration of our 
Author contained in these Verses is precise and valuable. 

5. Mr. J. G. PALFREY, in his famous note on the 7vue Travels, in his History 
of Mew England, i. 89, Ed. 1858, is simply laughable for his ignorance of the regu- 
lated conditions of publishing books in London during the lifetime of our Author. 
He states that “hack-writers abounded in London at the time. SMITH was 
just such a person [!], as, for the saleableness of his narratives, would naturally 
fall into their hands, and into the hands of their masters, the booksellers. . . . 
On the whole, the reader perhaps inclines to the opinion that JOHN SMITH was 
not the sole author of his books.” 

Mr. PALFREY errs in applying to the lifetime of our Author, the mendacities 
of the Grub-street era of GEORGE I. and II. Not only were there no “hack- 
writers,” at that time, for books of colonization, &c.; but SMITH manifestly wrote 
most of his books for nothing, and between 1616 and 1620 “ divulged to my great 
labour, cost, and losse, more than seven thousand Bookes and Maps,” J. 941. As 
a matter of fact, the General History, for which he issued a Prospectus signed by 
himself, in which he said, “nor shall the Stationers have the copy for nothing,” 


Xxiv INTRODUCTION. 


p. cxxvi, did not sell well ; as is proved by the succession of fresh title pages in 
1626, 1627, and 1632 to the same text. Mr. PALFREY’s view of our Author is a 
degrading opinion of one of the most highminded of men, eminently possessing 
that keen sense of honour which was usual in an English Officer at that time ; 
and whose perspicuous honesty, had we space, could be demonstrated through 
every line of the present Text. Yet, in spite of his prejudice, in this same note, 
Mr. PALFREY is compelled to admit the substantial agreement of SMITH’s 
account of his Eastern experiences with the known facts of history, 

So far from the following Text having been written by anonymous hack- 
writers in SMITH’s name, it will be seen that no one could have been more 
scrupulously careful than he was, in naming the authorities for everything he 
prints: so that, as the headlines of the present edition will shew, we have hardly 
any difficulty in assigning the authorship and date of composition of every page 
in the Text. The only exceptions to this, are those bits of verse scattered 
throughout the General History which are intended to “point the moral” of 
the Story, and which we must attribute to SMITH’s deep religious feeling, wide 
reading, and not very great poetical powers. 

For our own part, beginning with doubtfulness and wariness, we have 
gradually come to the unhesitating conviction, not only of SMITH’s truthfulness, 
but also that, in regard to all personal matters, he systematically understates 
rather than exaggerates anything he did. 

Why New England writers should attack our Author (after the manner of Mr. 
E. D. NEILL, who says “his writings are those of a gascon and beggar,” Z. 211, 
Hist. of Virginia Co., &c., 1869) is simply amazing: seeing that SMITH preferred 
New England, as a colony, to Virginia or any other part of the world, 2. 193 ; 
that he tried so hard, for years, to go out and end his days there, Jf. 205, 218, 
732; and that he actually did effect more, by his advocacy and publications, 
towards its colonization, than ever he was able to accomplish for Virginia, with 
all his money, personal services, dangers, and magnanimity. Only Virginia was 
England’s forlorn hope in colonization in JAMES I.’s reign, and was therefore 
generally the more perilous enterprise ; especially as James town was 32 miles 
inland, and the New England settlements were on the coast. 

6. We have, by the kindness of G. E. COKAYNE, Esq., Norroy King of Arms, 
and H. F. BURKE, Esq,, Rouge Croix, personally inspected, in April, 1884, in 
the official register of Sir WILLIAM SEGAR’s Grants of Arms, at the Heralds 


College in London, the following record of the Arms granted to our Author, by 
SIGISMUNDUS BATORI. 


To Fohn Smith, descended of ye Family of Cuardly in Lanc. 
Captaine of 250 Soldiers vnder Henry Volda, Earl of Meldritch, &c. 
A Grant of these Arms in Memory of thre Turks heades which 
with his Sword before y® Town of Regal he did overcome, kill and 
cut off, in the Province of Tvansiluania. This granted in a Letter 
of safe conduct, by Szgzsmond Balthori, Duke of Transilvania, 9 Dec. 
1603. %. 371 of a volume labelled Segar’s Grants. E. D. N. 57. 

There is also in the Heralds College, an unofficial copy (in VINCENT’s Collect- 
anea, 169, ~. 131), of the Latin Patent and Certificate printed at A. 842-3. It 


has, however, some variations from the text as given by SMITH, which we have 
noted in the margin. 


INTRODUCTION, XXV 


Of the authenticity therefore of this Grant of Arms, and of the all-important 
corroboration that it affords to the 7rwe Travels, there is no doubt at all. 

Therefore though they may offer not a few points which have yet to be 
cleared up, the general credibility of the Zvavels is beyond question ; and in 
its clear, graphic and condensed style, the narrative is among the very best 
written English books of travel printed in SMITH’s lifetime. 


AN a ae 


5, UR Author’s intineraries come next for consideration. Except in 
Y Eastern Europe, &c., they present but little difficulty. The names, 
)) where he wrote down phonetically, we have here placed in round 
brackets. 


FOHN SMITH’s earlier travels on the Continent. 
1596-1600 A.D. ; @t. 16-20. 


1596 London. p. 822. | 1600 Shipwrecked at Holy Island or 
Orleans. Lindisfarn. p. 822. 
Paris. Northumberland. 

Rouen. : Leith (Lethe). 
Havre. ? (Ripweth). p- 823. 

1596 A soldier in the French army. ? (Broxmoth). 


1596-9 A soldier in the Dutch army. 
1600 Enkhuisen (Aucusan). 


Willoughby. 


FOHN SMITH’s later Travels on the Continent, until his arrival at 


Vienna. 
1600-1601 A.D.; @t. 20-21. 

1600. Tattershall. p. 823. | 1600. Guingamp (Gigan). D- 825. 
Holland. Rennes (Raynes). 
St. Valery sur Somme. . 824. Nantes. 

Dieppe. Poitiers. 
Caudebeck (Codebeck). Rochelle. 
Honfleur (Humphia). Bourdeaux. 
Pontaudemer (Pountdemer). Bayonne. 
Caen. Lescar. 
Mortagne. Pau. 
Pontorson (Pounterson). p. 825. Toulouse. 
Dinan. Beziers (Bezers), 
St. Malo. Carcassone, 
Mont St. Michel. Narbonne. 
Lamballe. Montpellier. 
St. Brieuc (Szmbreack). Nismes. 
Lannion. Avignon. 
Tonquedeck (Zuncadeck), the Arles. 
residence of the Earl of Marseilles (AZarcellos). 
PLouHa (Ployer). Toulon, 


XXVi INTRODUCTION. 
160c. The Isle of St. Mary, near | 1601. Leghorn (Lygorne). Dp. 827. 
Nice. p. 825. Tuscany. 
Corsica. p. 826. Siena. 
Sardinia. Viterbo. 
Cape Bon (Bona). Rome. , 
Lampedusa (Lampadosa). Civita Vechia. p. 828. 
Cape Rosetta (Rosata). Naples. 
Alexandria. Capua. 
Scanderoon, Rome. 
Cyprus. Siena. 
Rhodes. Florence. 
The Archipelago. Bolognia. 
Crete (Candia). Ferrara. 
Greece. Mantua. 
Zephalonia. Padua. 
The Strait of Otranto. Venice. 
Calabria. p. 827. Malamocco. 
Sicily. Raguza. 
Sardinia. Capo d’Istria. 
Corsica. Laybach (Ludbiano). 
Antibes in Piedmont (Antibo in Gratz (Grates). 
Peamon). Vienna (Viexne) 


FOHN SMITH’s Itinerary in Eastern Europe, &c., until the battle 
of Rothenthurm Pass, in Transylvania, 18 November 1602. 
1601-1602 A.D.; @t. 21-22. 


Here the names of places, as written by our Author, present some difficulties ; 
inasmuch as many of the towns had, and still have, two or three names—one 
German, another Hungarian, and possibly a third Sclavonic: however, many 
can be identified. We give the usual, which is often the German name, first ; 
and the countries where they will now be found. 


HUNGARY. 


1601. |Komorn (Komara).] 
1601. Ober Limbach ; 77 Hun- 


B. 835. 


garian, Felso Landre. 
(Olumpagh) 

Stiihlweissenberg; zz 
Latin Alba _ Regalis. 
(S trlleweseng) 


Komorn. (Comora p. 8 


ces 
The plains of ? (Girke). p. 833. 


[Jn Hungarian Tzigetvar. 
(Zigetun)]| 

Buda-Pesth. (Buda)] 
Grosskirchen, iz Hun- 
arian Kanizsa. (Caniza)] 
Gran. (Strigonium)] 


B. 829. 


p. 835. 


TRANSVLVANIA. 


? (Land of Zarkam) p. 837. 
2? (Regaill). 
? (Veratio). p. 841. 
? (Solmos). 
? (Kupronka). 
Eisenburg, 7x Hungarian 
Vasvar. (Esenburg) 
[Temesvar. (Zemesware)] p. 847. 


WALLACHIA &¢. 
The river Aluta (Altus). ~. 847. 


I aie 


INTRODUCTION. 


1602. Rimnik (Rebrvinke). 
Retch (Raza). 
Arjish, on the river of the 


same name (Argish). p. 848. 


Pitesti (Peteske). 


XXVil 


p. 847. | 1602. Longenaw (Langanaw). p. 849. 


Rothenthurm, in Hlun- 
garian Verres Torény 
(Rottenton). A Passin 
Transylvania. 


FOHN SMITH’s Itinerary in Turkey, Tartary, Russia, Gc., till 
his return to Hermannstadt in Transylvania. 
1602-1603 4.D.; @t. 22-23. 


TURKEY. 
2602. Ezther Tchernavda or 
Rassowa 07 the Danube 


(Axopolts). Dp. 853. 


Adrianople. 
1603. Constantinople. 


? (Sander). p. 854. 


Serai (Screwe). 

? (Panassa). 

? (Musa). 
Lascillo (Lastzd/a), 
Varna. 
The Black Sea. 
Cape (Taur). 
Cape (Pergilos). 
Strait of Kertch (Viger). 
Sea of Azov (Dissabacca). 
Sirxu (Suvsazx). 


? Tcherkrsh on the river Don 


(Curuske). 
? (Bruapo). 


1603. Zhe Combra of MER- 


CATOR (Cambia). p. 854. 
The Nalbrits of WMER- 

CATOR (Nalbrits). Dp: 855. 
(On the Don, £cofolis.) p. 867. 
(Zumatacke.) 

a fee 

(Letch.) 

(Donka in Cologske.) 
Neoetod } In Sederia). 
(Rezechia on the lifer.) 
(Coroski Bp. 868 
(Duberesko 
(Duzthell 
(Drohobus 
(Ostroge 
Sead } In Podolia.) 
(Halico é 
(Colonia } In Polonia.) 


Hermannstadt (Hermonstat). 


In Volonia.) 


eu eu eu Ue ew OU Ue ee ot oe ee 


FOHN SMITH’s return home from Transylvania. 


1603-1604 A.D.; 


HTUNGARY. 


1603. Filleck (F2leck) 
Tokay (Zocka) 


GERMANY. 


Olmiitz (U/micht in Mora- 
BD. 


Uta). 
Prague. 


(Lipswick in Misenland.) 
Dresden. 


In High 
Kaschaw (Cassovia) | Hungary.) 
Arva (Underoroway) D. 869. 


869. 


1603. Dec. Leipsic in Lower Saxony 


at. 23-24. 
1604. Magdeburg. p. 869. 


Brunswick. 
Cassell. 
Wittemberg. 
Ulm. 
Munich. 
Augsburg. 

? (Hama). 
Frankfort. 
Mayence. 

The Rhine Valley (Palatinate). 
Worms. 

Spires. 

Strasburgh. 


XXViii INTRODUCTION. 
FRANCE. 1604. Gibraltar. p. 869. 
HP t- aie y ary AFRICA. 
Orleans. Ceuta (Guia). 
Down the Loire. Tangier (Zanger). 
Angers. Saffi (Safee). 
Nantes. Trip to the town of Marocco 
(107 miles inland from Saffi), 
SPAIN. and back. 
Bilbao. | 
Sater d SMITHS INVOLUNTARY CRUISE. 
alla rs 
The Escorial. Saffi. ; p. 878. 
Madrid. The Canaries. 
Toledo. Cape Bojador. 
Cordova. Santa Cruz. p: 880, 
Ciudad Real. Cape Ghir (Goa). 
Seville (Czvzt/). Mogadore. 
Xeres (Cheryes). Saffi. 
Cadiz (Cales). 
San Lucar de Barrameda (Saint HOME AT LAST. 
Lucas). England. 


It will be seen that these Itineraries are perfectly consistent, that the Author 
is always moving forward. 

PURCHAS thus gives us some more particulars as to SMITH’s return home. 
“Then vnderstanding that the Warres of MJully Shah and Mully Sedan, the 
two Brothers in Barbarie of Fez and Moroco (to which hee was animated by 
some friends) were concluded in peace, he imbarked himselfe for Exgland with 
one thousand Duckets in his Purse, which after with a great deale more hee 
employed, in searching more dangers in the West /#dzes, and the vnknowne 
parts of vnciuilized America.” ii. 1370. 


It would also seem that SMITH, after his return home, made a walking tour 
in Ireland. 


WINGFIELD, in his recrimination, Z. Ixxxix, says of him : 
It was proued to his face, that he begged in Jveland like a rogue, 
without a lycence. 


Of course, this is a distortion. To a man who had tramped or ridden over 
nearly all Europe, a tour on foot in Ireland would be a small matter. 


Not satisfied with all this adventure, our Author next turned his attention 
to the river Oyapok in South America. 

In the yeare 1605. Captaine Ley, brother to that noble Knight 
Sir Oliver Ley, with divers others, planted himselfe in the River 
Weapoco, wherein I should have beene a partie; but hee dyed, 
and there lyes buried: and the supply miscarrying, the rest escaped 
as they could. 4. 896. 

From this it is clear, that as he had hitherto followed the Wars wherever he 


tartan he tcf I 


INTRODUCTION. xxix 


found them ; so now, the times having changed to peace, he gave himself to 
Colonization : and that having missed going to South America, and Virginia being 
the next Attempt that offered, he went to Virginia. The James town Settlement 
did not convert him to the Colonizing Effort to which he henceforth gave 
his entire energies ; but was his second endeavour in that new life which was 
now opening to him 


B. VIRGINIA, 1605-1612 AvsD. 
1 aN 


It is not a work for every one to plant a Colony ; but when a house is built, it is no hard matter to dwell 
init. This requireth all the best parts of Art, Judgement, Courage, Honesty, Constancy, Diligence, and 
Experience, to do but near{ly] well’ and there is a great difference between Saying and Doing. 

J. Smiru, 1620, ps 244s 

There was a little city, and few men within it; and there came a great king against it, and besieged it, 
and built great bulwarks against it. Now there was found in it a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom 
delivered the city ; yet no man remembered that same poor man, Leclesiastes ix. 14, 15. 


Hen Captain SMITH went to Virginia, the most adventurous part of 
¢ his life had passed away. He was often, while there, in most im- 
AY/55 minent danger ; but nothing that he faced or endured in America, 

( vA 7A came up in peril and dread, to that which he had already undergone 
me 7 in Eastern Europe and Tartary. By this time, he was a hardened 


soldier ; a wary, foreseeing, and energetic Officer : so that he already possessed 
more experience of savage and semi-savage life than any other man in the 
Virginia expedition of 1606-7. Indeed, in his exceeding wariness, he seems 
to have over-estimated the military skill of the Virginian Indians, by making 
those forts of which he thus writes in 1629. 

The Forts Captaine Smith left a building, [are] so ruined, there 
is scarce mention where they were. 7. 888. 

Yet had he to find out for himself a way to manage the Virginian Indians, 
respecting which others wrote, in 1612. 

Though the many miserable yet generous and worthy adven- 
tures he had long and oft indured as wel in some parts of Africa 
and America, as in the most partes of Ewrope and Asia, by land or 
sea, had taught him much: yet, in this case, he was againe to 
learne his Lecture by experience; which with thus much a doe 
having obtained, it was his ill chance to end when hee had but 
onlie learned how to begin. #¢. 159, 160. 

In October 1622, he wrote himself— 

For Virginia, I kept that country with 38, and had not to eate 
but what we had from the sauages. When I had ten men able to 
go abroad, our common wealth was very strong: with such a 
number I ranged that vnknown country 14 weekes; I had but 18 
to subdue them all, with which great army I stayed six weekes 


OVS 


Lig, 


DAT 


XXX INTRODUCTION. 


before their greatest Kings habitations, till they had gathered 
together all the power they could; and yet the Dutch-men sent at 
a needlesse excessiue charge did helpe Powhatan how to betray me. 

Of their numbers we were vncertaine; but them two honorable 
Gentlemen (Captaine George Percie and Captaine Francis West, 
two of the Phittiplaces, and some other such noble gentlemen and 
resolute spirits bore their shares with me, and now liuing in England) 
did see me take this murdering Ofechankanough now their great 
King by the long locke on his head ; with my pistole at his breast, 
I led him among his greatest forces, and before we parted made 
him fill our Bark of twenty Tuns with corne. When their owne 
wants was such, I haue given them part againe in pittie, and others 
haue bought it againe to plant their fields. 

For wronging a souldier but the value of a peny, I have caused 
Powhatam send his owne men to James Towne to receiue their 
punishment at my discretion. It is true in our greatest extremitie 
they shot me, slue three of my men, and by the folly of them that 
fled tooke me prisoner; yet God made Pocahontas the Kings 
daughter the meanes to deliuer me: and thereby taught me to 
know their trecheries to preserue the rest. 

It was also my chance in single combat to take the King of 
Paspahegh prisoner: and by keeping him, forced his subiects to 
worke in chaines till I made all the country pay contribution ; 
hauing little else whereon to liue. 

Twise in this time I was their President, and none can say in 
all that time I had a man slaine: but for keeping them in that 
feare I was much blamed both there and here: yet I left 500 
behind me that, through their confidence, in six monthes came 
most to confusion, as you may reade at large in the description of 
Virginia [ pp. 170, 498]. 

When I went first to these desperate designes, it cost me many 
a forgotten pound to hire men to go; and procrastination caused 
more [to] run away then went. 44. 262-3. 

And again: 

I thinke it more strange they should taxe me before they haue 
tried as much as I haue both by land and sea, as well in Asia and 
Africa, as Europe and America, where my commanders were actors 
or spectators, they alwaies so freely rewarded me, I neuer needed 
to importunate, n{or] could I euer learne to beg: what there I got, 
I haue thus spent. 

These sixteen yeares I haue spared neither paines nor money 


ate Sastche ae 


INTRODUCTION. xXxxi 


according to my abilitie, first to procure his Maiesties Letters 
pattents, and a Company here to be the means to raise a company 
to go with me to Virginia, as is said: which beginning here and 
there cost me neare 5 yeares [1604-1609] worke, and more then 
500 pounds of my owne estate, besides all the dangers, miseries, 
and incumbrances I endured gratis; where I stayed till I left 500 
better prouided than euer I was: from which blessed virgin (ere I 
returned) sprung the fortunate habitation of Somer Iles. 

This Virgins sister, now called New England, an. 1616. at my 
humble suit by our most gracious Prince Charles, hath bin neare 
as chargeable to me and my friends: for all which I neuer got 
shilling, but it cost me many a pound, yet I thinke my selfe happie 
to see their prosperities. 44. 266-7. 

Once more, in 1624, he wrote: 


Hauing spent some fiue yeares [1604-1609], and more than fiue 
hundred pounds in procuring the Letters Patents and setting 
forward, and neere as much more about New England, &c. Thus 
these nineteene yeares [1603-1624] I haue here and there not 
spared any thing according to my abilitie, nor the best aduice I 
could, to perswade how those strange miracles of misery might 
haue beene preuented, which lamentable experience plainly taught 
me of necessity must insue, but few would beleeue me till now too 
deerely they haue paid for it. Wherefore hitherto I haue rather 
left all then vndertake impossibilities, or any more such costly 
taskes at such chargeable rates: for in neither of those two 
Countries haue I one foot of Land, nor the very house I builded, 
nor the ground I digged with my owne hands, nor euer any content 
or satisfaction at all. And though I see ordinarily those two 
Countries shared before me by them that neither haue them nor 
knowes them, but by my descriptions: Yet that doth not so much 
trouble me, as to heare and see those contentions and diuisions 
which will hazard if not ruine the prosperitie of Virginia, if present 
remedy bee not found, as they haue hindred many hundreds, who 
would haue beene there ere now, and makes them yet that are 
willing to stand in a demurre. 

For the Books and Maps I haue made, I will thanke him that 
will shew me so much for so little recompence ; and beare with 
their errors till I haue done better. 4%. 613-4. 

For our Author’s own account of his Virginian experiences, the reader should 


first carefully read his Report &c. to the Royal Commissioners in 1624, at 
pp. 610-620 ; and his final review of the whole matter in his Advertisements of 


XXXil INTRODUCTION. 


1630, at Af. 927-931. He will then see things with SMITH’s eyes, and from his 
standpoint. 

In the second of these accounts, our Author speaks of “I with my party” in 
the James river Settlement. The Colony soon broke into two divisions, that 
headed by RATCLIFFE, MARTIN, and ARCHER ; and that which followed SMITH. 

As everything relating to that Settlement in the present Text, might (however 
true in itself) be antecedently prejudiced on the ground that it was an ex parte 
statement; the manifesto of a Party that did zof perish, when the other side did in 
The Starving Time of 1609-10: we have printedin the following pages of this /ztro- 
duction all the Eye-witness testimonies we could find, of the state of the Colony 
during the nearly thirty months our Author was there ; he havingarrived with the 
Expedition in Chesapeake Bay on the 26th April 1607, and left James town, after 
having been injured by gunpowder, for England on the 4th October 1609. 

Here again the result is perfectly satisfactory. These Eye-witness Accounts 
supply us with a lot of new and most interesting information ; and, above all, 
afford us a number of important dates on which to pivot the history of those 
thirty months. 

Seeing therefore that all this illustrative material only brings out the general 
truthfulness of the Text at large ; once more, from this fresh test, we accord to 
our Author a fresh measure of confidence. Undoubtedly, SMITH was the 
Saviour of the James river Settlement. 


Before we give these most valuable contemporary documents, it may be well 
to touch upon the false charge of an imaginary mutiny, which nearly cost our 
Author his life while on the voyage out to Virginia. 

It does not appear that SMITH actually did anything at all. 

WINGFIELD states, #. Ixxxili, that on 17 September 1607, he was fined by 
the Colony to pay £200 [=£800 zow] to Captain SMITH, #. 389, 

for that I had said hee did conceale an intended mutany. 

Also— 

Master Smyths quarrell, [with me, was] because his name was 
mencioned in the entended and confessed mutiny by Galthropp. #. xc. 

STEPHEN GALTHORPE died on 15 Aug. 1607, see #. Ixxi. 

This accusation appears to have been made at Dominica, on the 24th Mar. 
1607, #. lvii-lviii; and during the six days [28th Mar.—2 Apr. 1607] the Ex- 
pedition stayed at Nevis, Z. lix, our Author says: 

Such factions here we had, as commonly attend such voyages, 
that a paire of gallowes was made; but Captaine Smith, for whom 
they were intended, could not be perswaded to use them: but not 
any one of the inventers but their lives by justice fell into his 
power to determine of at his pleasure; whom with much mercy 
he favoured, that most basely and unjustly would have betrayed 
him. #. gI0. 

The exact nature of the wild charge against SMITH will be seen at J. 388. 

He however remained a prisoner until the Gentlemen in the Colony having 
on June 6, Z. liii, put up a petition to the Council, he was sworn of the Council 


on the roth June 1607, %. liv ; or as he puts it at A. 92, 388, he was imprisoned, 
[for nothing !] 13 weeks. 


awe o 


6 en 


INTRODUCTION: 


ILLUSTRATIVE DOCUMENTS 


The London Virginia Company. 


Instructions by way of advice, for the 
intended Voyage to Virginia. 


In the Library of the Congress, at Washington, D.C., in two folio 
volumes, is a copy of the original Minutes of the London or Southern 
Virginia Company, between 1617 and the date of its dissolution 16 
June 1624. Inthe same volume are copies of documents relating to 
an earlier period of the Colony ; and among these, the following /n- 
structions, which have been printed in a modernized form by Mr. E. 
D. NEILL at Z. 8 of his Astory of the London Virginia Company, 
Albany, N.Y., 1869; from whence we have here given them. 


Instructions given by way of advice by us whom it 
hath pleased the King’s Majesty to appoint of the 
Counsel for the intended voyage to Virginia, to be 
observed by those Captains and company which are 
sent at this present to plant there. 


S we doubt not but you will have especial 
care to observe the ordinances set down 
by the King’s Majesty and delivered 
unto you under the Privy Seal; so for 
your better directions upon your first 
landing we have thought good to recom- 
mend unto your care these instructions 

F and articles following. 

When it shall please God to send you on the coast of 

Virginia, you shall do your best endeavour to find out 

a safe port in the entrance of some navigable river, making 


XXXiil 


[1606] 


XXXiV 


[1606] 


Introduction, 


[Zustructions by way of Advice Sc. the Virginia co. 


choice of such a one as runneth farthest into the land, and 
if you happen to discover divers portable rivers, and amongst 
them any one that hath two main branches, if the difference 
be not great, make choice of that which bendeth most 
toward the North-west for that way you shall soonest 
find the other sea. 

When you have made choice of the river on which you 
mean to settle, be not hasty in landing your victuals and 
munitions; but first let Captain Newport discover how far 
that river may be found navigable, that you [may] make 
election of the strongest, most wholesome and fertile place ; 
for if you make many removes, besfdes the loss of time, 
you shall greatly spoil your victuals and your casks, and 
with great pain transport it in small boats. 

But if you choose your place so far up as a bark of fifty 
tuns will float, then you may lay all your provisions ashore 
with ease, and the better receive the trade of all the 
countries about you in the land; and such a place you 
may perchance find a hundred miles from the river’s 
mouth, and the further up the better. For if you sit down 
near the entrance, except it be in some island that is 
strong by nature, an enemy that may approach you on even 
ground, may easily pull you out: and if he be driven to 
seek you a hundred miles [in] the land in boats, you shall 
from both sides of the river where it is narrowest, so beat 
them with your muskets as they shall never be able to 
prevail against you. 

And to the end that you be not surprized as the French 
were in Florida by Melindus, and the Spaniard in the same 
place by the French, you shall do well to make this 
double provision. First, erect a little stoure at the mouth 
of the river that may lodge some ten men; with whom 
you shall leave a light boat, that when any fleet shall 
be in sight, they may come with speed to give you warn- 
ing. Secondly, you must in no case suffer any of the 
native people of the country to inhabit between you and 
the sea coast ; for you cannot carry yourselves so towards 
them, but they will grow discontented with your habitation, 
and be ready to guide and assist any nation that shall 
come to invade you: and if you neglect this, you neglect 
your safety. 


eres 


The Virginia Co. Instructions by way of Advice &c.| 


When you have discovered as far up the river as 
you mean to plant yourselves, and landed your victuals 
and munitions; to the end that every man may know 
know his charge, you shall do well to divide your six 
score men into three parts: whereof one party of them 
you may appoint to fortifie and build, of which your 
first work must be your storehouse for victuals; the 
other[s] you may imploy in preparing your ground and 
sowing your corn and roots; the other ten of these forty 
you must leave as centinel at the haven’s mouth. 

_ The other forty you may imploy for two months in 
discovery of the river above you, and on the country about 
you; which charge Captain Newport and Captain Gosnold 
may undertake of these forty discoverers. When they 
do espie any high lands or hills, Captain Gosnold may 
take twenty of the company to cross over the lands, and 
carrying a half dozen pickaxes to try if they can find 
any minerals. The other twenty may go on by river, and 
pitch up boughs upon the bank’s side, by which the 
other boats shall follow them by the same turnings. You 
may also take with them a wherry, such as is used here 
in the Thames; by which you may send back to the 
President for supply of munition or any other want, that 
you may not be driven to return for every small defect. 

You must observe if you can, whether the river on 
which you plant doth spring out of mountains or out 
of lakes. If it be out of any lake, the passage to the 
other sea will be more easy, and [it] is like enough, that 
out of the same lake you shall find some spring which 
run{s] the contrary way towards the East India Sea; for 
the great and famous rivers of Volga, Tan[a}is and Dwina 
have three heads near joyn[eJd; and yet the one falleth 
into the Caspian Sea, the other into the Euxine Sea, and 
the third into the Paloman Sea. 

In all your passages you must have great care not 
to offend the naturals, if you can eschew it; and imploy 
some few of your company to trade with them for corn 
and all other lasting victuals if you [? they] have any: and 
this you must do before that they perceive you mean 
to plant among them; for not being sure how your 
own seed corn will prosper the first year, to avoid the 


XXXV 


[1606] 


XXXVi [Instructions by way of Advice &c. The Virginia Co 


[1606] danger of famine, use and endeavour to store yourselves 
of the country corn. 

Your discoverers that passes over land with hired guides, 
must look well to them that they slip not from them: and 
for more assurance, let them take a compass with them, 
and write down how far they go upon every point of the 
compass; for that country having no way nor path, if 
that your guides run from you in the great woods or 
desert, you shall hardly ever find a passage back. 

And how weary soever your soldiers be, let them never 
trust the country people with the carriage of their 
weapons; for if they run from you with your shott, which 
they only fear, they will easily kill them all with their 
arrows. And whensoever any of yours shoots before them, 
be sure they may be chosen out of your best marksmen ; for 
if they see your learners miss what they aim at, they will 
think the weapon not so terrible, and thereby will be 
bould to assault you. 

Above all things, do not advertize the killing of any 
of your men, that the country people may know it; if they : 
perceive that they are but common men, and that with 
the loss of many of theirs they diminish any part of yours, 
they will make many adventures upon you. If the country 
be populous, you shall do well also, not to let them 
see or know of your sick men, if you have any; which 
may also encourage them to many enterprizes. 

You must take especial care that you choose a seat 
for habitation that shall not be over burthened with 
woods near your town: for all the men you have, shall 
not be able to cleanse twenty acres a year; besides that it 
may serve for a covert for your enemies round about. 

Neither must you plant in a low or moist place, because 
it will prove unhealthfull. You shall judge of the good 
air by the people; for some part of that coast where the 
lands are low, have their people blear eyed, and with 
swollen bellies and legs: but if the naturals be strong 
and clean made, it is a true sign of a wholesome soil. 

You must take order to draw up the pinnace that is 
left with you, under the fort: and [to] take her sails 
and anchors ashore, all but a small kedge to ride by; 
least some ill-disposed persons slip away with her. 


The Virginia. Instructions by way of Advice &c.| 
“ I le 


You must take care that your marriners that go for 
wages, do not marr your trade; for those that mind 
not to inhabite, for a little gain will debase the estimation 
of exchange, and hinder the trade for ever after: and 
therefore you shall not admit or suffer any person what- 
soever, other than such as shall be appointed by the 
President and Counsel there, to buy any merchandizes or 
other things whatsoever. 

It were necessary that all your carpenters and other 
such like workmen about building do first build your 
storehouse and those other rooms of publick and neces- 
sary use before any house be set up for any private 
person: and though the workman may belong to any 
private persons yet let them all work together first for 
the company and then for private men. 

And seeing order is at the same price with confusion, it 
shall be adviseably done to set your houses even and by a 
line, that your streets may have a good breadth, and be 
carried square about your market place, and every street’s 
end opening into it; that from thence, with a few field 
pieces, you may command every street throughout ; which 
market place you may also fortify if you think it needfull. 

You shall do well to send a perfect relation by Captaine 
Newport of all that is done, what height you are seated, 
how far into the land, what commodities you find, what 
soil, woods and their several kinds, and so of all other 
things else to advertise particularly; and to suffer no man 
to return but by pasport from the President and Counsel, 
nor to write any letter of any thing that may discourage 
others. 

Lastly and chiefly the way to prosper and achieve good 
success is to make yourselves all of one mind for the 
good of your country and your own, and to serve and fear 
God the Giver of all Goodness, for every plantation 
which our Heavenly Father hath not planted shall be 
rooted out. 


XXXVIl1 


[1606] 


[1607] 


XXXVili 


Rospert TINDALL, 


Gunner to Prince HENRY. 


Letter to the Prince, 


22 Fune 1607. 


(Hari. MS. 7007. fol. 139; in the British Museum.] 


MIGHTIE PRINCE 


thought it no lesse than my duty beinge 
imployed in this voyage of Verginia, In 
all humble mannor to make your 
Princelye selfe acquainted with those 
accidentes which hathe happenned to 
vs in this our voyage. May it therefore 
please your grace to accepte at the 
handes of your most humble and duti- 
full seruante a Bee of our voyage and draughte of our 
Riuer hearinclosed by vs discouered where neuer christian 
before hathe beene, and also to let your grace vnderstande 
wee are safelye arryued and planted in this Contreye by 
the prouidence and mercye of God, which wee finde to be 
in it selfe most fruitefull, of the whiche wee haue taken 
a Reall and publicke possession in the name and to the 
vse of your Royall father and our gratious kinge and 
soueraigne: Thus ceasing for being too tedious and trouble- 
some vnto your grace, I in all humble mannour committ 
your Princelye selfe to the protection of almightie God 
whome on my knees I dayelye praye (as I am bounde) 


Etna Letter to Priuce Henry.] 
22 June 1607. 
_ to blesse and prosper your godlye and vertuous proceedings: 
From Iames Towne in Virginia this: 22 of lune 1607. 
By your Graces most humble dutifull 
and faithfull seruaunte and 
Gunner: 
RUSE ETS TYNDALL. 

[Addressed] 

To the highe and Mightie Prince Henry Fredericke 

prince and heyre apparente of greate Brittaine Fraunce 

Ireland and Virginia. 


[Endorsed] 
Tindall his H. gunner 
from Virginia. 


The above-mentioned “dearnall of our voyage,” and “draughte” of 
the James river (see Z. xli) are apparently now lost. 

There is, however, a later draught by this Gunner, which now forms 
Cott. MS. Augustus \., Vol. Il. No. 46, in the British Museum ; 
which is entitled 


The Draught by Roberte Tindall 
of virginia. Anno 1608, 


XXXIX 


[1607] 


[AA. xli, 
i.) 


xCVi1. 


May 21. 
1607. 


xl 


A Gentleman of the Colony. 
[? Captan GaBprigL ARCH ER.| 


A relayton of the Discovery, &c. 
21 May—22 June 1607. 


This is one of the many Relations that were written at this time. 
It was seen by President WINGFIELD; who, the next year, 1608, refers 
to it; see Z. lxxvi. 

Out of the five Gentlemen of the Colony named on the opposite 
page, this narrative would seem to have been written by Captain 
GABRIEL ARCHER. The abridgement of the Hon. G. PERCY’s Relation 
covering this period, we have at #¢. Ivii-lxxiii. 

The writer, whoever he was, took an important subordinate part in 
the expedition, discussing matters with the natives, &c. Speaking of 
the Chesapeake Indians, at Z. xliv, he tells a Chief, on 23 May 1607, 

That we had warres with them also, shewing hurtes 
scarce whole received by them, 
evidently referring to the attack of the Chesapeake Indians on the 
26 April previous, when Captain ARCHER was hurt in both his hands, 
p. \xii: and he was the only one then present, so hurt on that occasion. 
The way this sentence is written makes us think that ARCHER was 
speaking of his own wounds. If another person had been writing 
of him, he would have mentioned Captain ARCHER’s name. 

Another slight presumption as to the authorship, is that, in the list 
of Discoverers, he puts his own name before SMITH’s ; and also that 
the scrivener has written his name in larger letters than he has used 
in writing those of the three following Gentlemen. 

[State Papers, Colonial. Vol. I. (1574-1621), No. r5.] 


A relatyon of the Discovery of our River, from Iames 
Forte into the Maine: made by Captaine Christofer 


Newport: and sincerely writen and observed by a 
gent: of y® Colony. 


y= Hursday the xxith of May, Captaine 
) Newport (having fitted our shallop with 
9 provision and all necessaryes belonging 
to a discovery) tooke 5. gentlemen. 4. 
Maryners and. 14. Saylours, with whome 
he proceeded with a perfect resolutyon 
not to returne, but either to finde y® 
head of this Ryver, the Laake mentyoned 


| 
| 
| 


“capearcne, <A relatyon of the Discovery of our River &e.| xii 


22 June 1607. 


by others heretofore, the Sea againe, the Mountaynes 
Apalatsi, or some issue. 


The names of the Dysco- 


Maen ded sei Wes } Captaine Christofer Newport. 


George Percye esq. 
Captaine Gabriell Archer 
Captaine Ihon Smyth 


Hfrancys Nellson 
Fohn Collson 4 
Robert Tyndall ee ae 


[Gentlemen] 
Maryners. 


Master Ihon Brookes Mathew ffytch 

Master Thomas Wotton 

1. Jonas Poole. 8. Thomas Godword. 
2. Robert Markham. g. Robert Iackson. 
3. Iohn Crookdeck. 10. Charles Clarke. 
4. Olyver Browne. II. Stephen. 

5. Beniamyn White. 12. Thomas Skynner. 
6. Rychard Genoway. 13. Leremy Deale. 

7. Thomas Turnbrydge. 14. Danyell. 


Thus from lames Fort we tooke our leave about Noone, 
and by night we were vp the Ryver. 18. myle at a lowe 
meadow point, which I call Wynauh. Here came the 
people, and entertayned vs with Daunces and much 
reioycing. This kyngdome Wynauh is full of pearle 
muskles. The kyng of Paspeiouh and this king is at odds, 
as the Paspeians tould me, and Demonstrated by their 
hurtes: heere we anckored all night. 


ffryday, omitting no tyme, we passed vp some. 16. myle 
further, where we founde an Ilet, on which were many 
Turkeys, and greate store of yonge byrdes like Black 
birdes, wherof wee tooke Dyvers, which wee brake our fast 
withall. Now spying. 8. salvages in a Canoa, we haled 
them by our worde of kyndnes; Wingapoh, and they came 
to vs. In conference by signes with them, one seemed to 
vnderstand our intentyon, and offred with his foote to 
Describe the river to vs: So I gaue him a pen and paper 
(shewing first y® vse) and he layd out the whole River 
from the Chesseian bay to the end of it so farr as passadg[e] 
was for boats: he tolde vs of two Iletts in the Ryver we 
should passe by, meaning that one whereon we were, and 


é 


[1607] 


May 22. 


(pp. xiili, 


xvii, lv.] 


xlii [A velatyon of the Discovery of our River &°c. 1 capt G‘Archer. 


[1607] 


May 23. 
(é. lxviii.] 


22 June 1607. 


then come to an overfall of water, beyond that of two 
kyngdomes which the Ryver Runes by, then a great 
Distance of[f], the Mountaines Quivanh as he named them: 
beyond which by his relation is that which we expected. 
This fellow parting from vs promised to procure vs 
wheate if we would stay a little before, and for that intent 
went back againe to provide it: but we coming by the 
place where he was, with many more very Desirous of our 
Company, stayd not, as being eagre of our good tydinges. 
He notwithstanding with two wemen and another fellow 
of his owne consort, followed vs some sixe mile with 
basketes full of Dryed oysters, and mett vs at a point, 
where calling to vs, we went ashore and bartred with 
them for most of their victualls. 

Here the shoare began to be full of greate Cobble 
stones, and higherland. The Ryver skantes of his breadth. 
z. mile before we come to the Ilet mentyoned which I 
call Turkey Ile: yet keepes it a quarter of a mile broade 
most comonly, and Depe water for shipping. This fellow 
with the rest overtooke vs agayne vpon the Doubling of 
another point: Now they had gotten mulberyes, little 
sweete nuttes like Acorns (a verye good fruite), wheate, 
beanes and mulberyes sodd together and gave vs. Some 
of them Desired to be sett over the Ryver, which we dyd, 
and they parted. 

Now we passed a Reach of. 3. mile 4. in length, highe 
stony ground on Popham syde. 5. or. 6. fadome. 8. oares 
length from the shoare. 

This Daye we went about. 38. mile and came to an 
Ankre at a place I call poove Cottage; where we went 
ashore, and were vsed kyndly by the people, wee sodd our 
kettle by y® water syde within nighte, and rested aboorde. 


Satterday we passed a few short reaches; and. 5. mile 
of poore Cottage we went a shore. Heer we found our 
kinde Comrades againe, who had gyven notice all along 
as they came of vs: by which we were entertayned with 


‘much Courtesye in every place. We found here a Wiroans 


(for so they call their kynges) who satt upon a matt of 
Reedes, with his people about him: He caused one to be 
layd for Captaine Newport, gave vs a Deare roasted ; which 


| 
| 
| 


reaerncie, A relatyon of the Discovery of our River &c.] xliii 


22 June 1607. 


according to their Custome they seethed againe: His 
people gave vs mullberyes, sodd wheate and beanes, and 
he caused his weomen to make Cakes for vs. He gave 
our Captaine his Crowne which was of Deares hayre, 
Dyed redd. Certifying him of our intentyon vp the Ryver, 
he was willing to send guydes with us. This we found to 
be a kynge subiect to Pawatah the Cheife of all the kyng- 
domes) his name is Avahatec: the Country Avahatecoh. 

Now as we satt merye banquetting with them, seeing 
their Daunces, and taking Tobacco, Newes came that the 
greate kyng Powatah was come: at whose presence they 
all rose of[f] their mattes (saue the king Avahatec) ; sepa- 
rated themselves aparte in fashion of a Guard, and witha 
long shout they saluted him. Him wee saluted with silence 
sitting still on our mattes, our Captaine in the myddest; 
but presented (as before we Dyd to king Avahatec) gyftes 
of dyvers sortes, as penny knyves, sheeres, belles, beades, 
glasse toyes &c. more amply then before. Now this king 
appointed. 5. men to guyde us up the River, and sent 
Postes before to provyde us victuall. 

I caused now our kynde Consort that described the 
River to vs, to draw it againe before kyng Avahatec, who 
in euery thing consented to his Draught, and it agreed 
with his first relatyon. This we found a faythfull fellow, 
he was one that was appointed guyde for us. 

Thus parting from Avahatecs ioye, we found the people 
on either syde the Ryver stand in Clusters all along, still 
proferring vs victualls, which of some were accepted; as 
our guydes (that were with vs in the boate) pleased, and 
gaue them requitall. 

So after we had passed some 10. myle, which (by the 
pleasure and ioye we tooke of our kinde interteynment, 
and for the Comfort of our happy and hopefull Discovery) 
we accompted scarce. 5. we came to the second Ilet 
Described in the Ryver; over against which on Popham 
syde is the habitatyon of the greate kyng Pawatah: which 
I call Pawatahs Towre; it is scituat upon a highe Hill by 
the water syde, a playne betweene it and the water. 12. 
score [yards] over, wheron he sowes his wheate, beane, 
peaze, tobacco, pompions, gourdes, Hempe, flaxe, &c. 
And were any Art vsed to the naturall state of this place, 


[1607] 


{ pp. Ixxvi, 
XXXvVi.] 


[A/. xli, 


xlvii, lv.J 


[Af. 163, 
451.) 


xliv [A velatyon of the Discovery of our River Se. 1 cape Mrcher 


[1607] 


[ pf. Ixii, 5, 
31, 91, 3875 
896.) 


22 June 1607 


it would be a goodly habitatyon: Heere we were con- 
ducted vp the Hill to the kyng, with whome we found 
our kinde king Avahatec: Thes. 2. satt by themselves 
aparte from all the rest (saue one who satt by Powatah, 
and what he was I could not gesse but they told me 
he was no Wivoans): Many of his company satt on either 
side: and the mattes for vs were layde right over against 
the kynges. He caused his weomen to bring vs vittailes, 
mulberyes, strawberryes &c. but our best entertaynment 
was frendly wellcome. 

In Discoursing with him, we founde that all the kyng- 
domes from the were frendes with him, and (to 
vse his owne worde) Cheisc, which is all one with him or 
vnder him. Also wee perceived the Chessipian to be an 
Enemye generally to all thes kyngdomes: vpon which I 
tooke occasion to signifye our Displeasure with them 
also: making it knowne that we refused to plant in their 
Country; that we had warres with them also, shewing 
hurtes scarce whole received by them, for which we vowed 
revenge, after their maner, pointing to the Sunne: ffurther 
we certifyed him that we were frendes with all his people 
and kyngdomes, neither had any of them offred us ill, or 
vsed vs vnkyndly. Hereupon he (very well understanding 
by the wordes and signes we made; the significatyon of 
our meaning) moved of his owne accord a leauge of frynd- 
ship with vs; which our Captaine kyndly imbraced; and 
for concluding therof, gaue him his gowne, put it on his 
back himselfe, and laying his hand on his breast saying 
Wingapoh Chemuze (the most kynde wordes of salutatyon 
that may be) he satt Downe. 

Now the Day Drawing on, we made signe to be gone, 
wherwith he was contented; and sent. 6. men with vs: 
we also left a man with him, and Departed. But now 
rowing some. 3. myle in shold water we came to an 
overfall, impassable for boates any further. Here the 
water falles Downe through great mayne Rockes, from 
ledges of Rockes aboue. 2. fadome highe: in which fall 
it maketh Divers little Iletts, on which might be 
placed 100. water milnes for any vses. Our mayne Ryver 
ebbs and flowes. 4. foote even to y® skert of this Downfall. 
Shippes of. 200. or. 300. tonne may come to within. 5. 


is i ti al 


Ste BME 


San Jose, Calif. 


2Capt Gann, A velatyon of the Discovery of our River re, || dy 


22 June 1607, 


myle hereof, and the rest Deepe inoughe for Barges, or 
small vessells that Drawe not aboue. 6. foote water. 
Having viewed this place, betweene Content and greefe 
we left it for this night, determyning the next Day to fitt 
our selfe for a March by Land. 

So we road all night betweene Pawatahs Tower and that 
Ilet I call wheron is. 6. or. 7. families. One 
of our Guydes which we had from Avahatecs Ioy whose 
name was Nauivaus, and now we found to be brother in 
Lawe to king Avrahaitec, desired to sleepe in the boate with 

_vs: we permitted him, and vsed him with all the kyndnes 
we coulde: He proved a very trustye frend, as after is 
Declared. Now we sent for our Man to Pawatah, who 
coming told us of his entertaynment, how they had pre- 
pared mattes for him to lye on, gave him store of victualls, 
and made asmuch on him as coulde be/ 


Sonday, Whitsonday, our Captayne caused two peeces 
of porke to be sodd a shore with pease; to which he 
invyted king Pawatah: for Arahatec perswading himselfe 
we would come Downe the Ryver that night, went home 
before Dynner, for preparatyon against our Coming. But 


[1607] 


May 24. 


in presence of them both it fell out that we missing two © 


bullet bagges which had shott and Dyvers trucking toyes 
in them: we Complayned to theis kynges, who instantly 
caused them all to be restored, not wanting any thing. 
Howbeit they had Devyded the shott and toyes to (at 
least) a Dozen severall persons; and those also in the Ilet 
over the water: One also having stollen a knyfe, brought 
it againe vpon his Comaunde before we supposed it lost, 
or had made any signe for it: So Captaine Newport gave 
thanckes to the kinges and rewarded the theeves with the 
same toyes they had stollen, but kept the bullets: yet he 
made knowne unto them the Custome of England to be 
Death for such offences. 

Now Avahaiec departed, and it being Dynner tyme, 
king Pawatah with some of his people satt with vs, 
brought of his dyet, and we fedd familiarly, without sitting 
in his state as before; he eat very freshly of our meat, 
Dranck of our beere, Aquavite, and Sack. Dynner Done 
we entred into Discourse of the Ryver how far it might be 


xlvi [A velatyon of the Discovery of our River Ge. capt archer 


[1607] 


f 62. Ixix, 7.] 


22 June 1607. 


to the head therof, where they gat their Copper, and their 
Iron, and how many dayes Jornye it was to Monanacah 
Rahowacah and the Mountaines Quirank: requesting him 
to have guydes with vs also in our intended March; for 
our Captaine Determyned to haue travelled two or. 3. 
dayes lornye a foote vp the Ryver: but without gyving 
any answer to our Demaundes, he shewde he would meete 
vs himselfe at the overfall and so we parted. This 
Nauivaus accompanyed vs still in the boate. According 
to his promyse he (Pawatah| mett vs; where the fellow 
whome I haue called our kinde Consort, he that followed 
vs from Turkey Ile, at the Coming of Pawatah made signe 
to vs we must make a shoute, which we Dyd. 

Now sitting vpon the banck by the overfall beholding 
the same, he began to tell vs of the tedyous travell we 
should haue if wee proceeded any further, that it was a 
Daye and a halfe Iorney to Monanacah, and if we went to 
Ouiranck, we should get no vittailes and be tyred, and 
sought by all meanes to Disswade our Captayne from 
going any further: Also he tolde vs that the Monanacah 
was his Enmye, and that he came Downe at the fall 
of the leafe and invaded his Countrye. 

Now what I coniecture of this I haue left to a further 
experience. But our Captayne out of his Discreyton 
(though we would faine have seene further, yea and 
himselfe as desirous also) Checkt his intentyon and re- 
torned to his boate; as holding it much better to please 


the king (with whome and all of his Comaund he had 


made so faire way) then to prosecute his owne fancye or 
satisfye our requestes: So vpon one of the little Iletts at 
the mouth of the falls he sett vp a Crosse with this 
inscription Jacobus Rex. 1607. and his owne name belowe: 
At the erecting hereof we prayed for our kyng and our 
owne prosperous succes in this his Actyon, and pro- 
claymed him kyng, with a greate showte. The king 
Pawatah was now gone (and as we noted somewhat 
Distasted with our importunity of proceeding vp further) 
and all the Salvages likewise save Nauiraus, who seeing 
vs set vp a Crosse with such a shoute, began to admire; 
but our Captayne told him that the two Armes of the 
Crosse signifyed king Powatah and himselfe, the fastening 


1Cap Ganka, A relatyon of the Discovery of our River &e. | xlvii 


22 June 1607. 


of it in the myddest was their vnited Leaug, and the 
shoute the reverence he Dyd to Pawatah, which cheered 
Nawiraus not a little. 

Also (which I have omytted) our Captayne before 
Pawatah Departed shewed him that if he would, he would 
gyve the Wiroans of Monanacah into his handes, and 
make him king of that Country, making signes to bring 
to his ayde. 500. men, which pleased the king muche, 
and vpon this (I noted) he told vs the tyme of the yere 
when his enemyes assaile him. 

So farr as we could Discerne the River above the over- 
fall, it was full of huge Rockes: About a myle off], it makes 
a pretty bigg Iland; It runnes up betweene highe Hilles 
which increase in height one aboue another so farr as wee 
sawe. Now our kynde Consortes relatyon sayth (which I 


[1607] 


dare well beleeve, in that I found not any one report false (4. a xiiii, 


of the River so farr as we tryed, or that he tolde vs 
vntruth in any thing ells whatsoeuer) that after a Dayes 
iorney ormore, this River Devydes it selfe intotwo branches, 
which both come from the mountaynes Quivank. Here he 
whispered with me that theer caquassan was gott in the 
bites of Rockes and betweene Cliffes in certayne vaynes. 
Having ended thus of force our Discovery, our Captayne 
intended to call of kyng Pawatah, and sending Nauiraus 
vp to him he came Downe to the water syde; where he 
went a shore single vnto him, presented him with a 
Hatchet, and staying but till Nawvaus had tolde (as we 
trewly perceived) the meaning of our setting vp the Crosse, 
which we found Dyd exceedingly reioyce him, he came a 
boorde, with the kyndest farewell that possible might be. 
Now at our putting of[f] the boate, Nawvaus willed vs to 
make a shout, which we Dyd two severall times, at which 
y° king and his company weaved their skinnes about their 
heades answering our shout with gladnesina frendly fashion. 
This night (though late) we came to Avahatec Ioy, where 
we found the king ready to entertayne vs, and had pro- 
vided some victualls for vs, but he tolde vs he was very sick, 
and not able to sitt vp long with us, so we repaired aborde. 


Monday he came to the water syde, and we went a 
shore to him agayne. He tolde vs that our hott Drynckes 


[ #6. lxix, 7.] 


May 25. 


xviii [A velatyon of the Discovery of our River Sc. yon Taree 


{1607] 


22 June 1607. ~~ 


he thought caused his greefe, but that he was well agayne, 
and we were very wellcome. He sent for another Deere 
which was roasted and after sodd for us (as before) Our 
Captayne caused his Dynner to be Dressed a shore also. 
Thus we satt banquetting all the forenoone. some of his 
people led vs to their houses, shewed vs the growing of 
their Corne and the maner of setting it, gave us Tobacco, 
wallnutes, mulberyes, strawberryes, and Respises. One 


[4é. 74, 36.1 Shewed us the herbe called in their tongue wisacan, which 


they say heales poysoned woundes, it is like lyverwort or 
bloudwort. One gaue me a Roote wherwith they poison 
their Arrowes. they would shew vs any thing we 
Demaunded, and laboured very much by signes to make 
vs vnderstand their Languadge. 

Nauiraus our guyde and this kings brother made a 
complaint to Arahatec, that one of his people prest into 
our boate to[o] vyolently vpon a man of ours; which 
Captaine Newport (vnderstanding the pronenes of his owne 
men to such iniuryes) misconstruing the matter, sent for 
his owne man, bound him to tree before King Avahatec, 
and with a Cudgell soundly beate him. the king perceive- 
ing the error, stept vp and stayde our Captaynes hand And 
sytting still a while, he spyed his owne man that Dyd the 
iniurye: upon which he silently rose, and made towardes 
the fellow, he seeing him come, runn away, after ran the 
king, so swiftly as I assure my selfe he might gyve any of 
our Company. 6. score [yards] in. 12. with the king ran also 
Dyvers others, who all returning brought Cudgells and 
wandes in their hands all to be tewed, as if they had beaten 
him extreamly. 

At Dynner our Captayne gaue the kyng a glasse and 
some Aquavit therin, shewing him the benefytt of the 
water, for which he thanckt him kindly: and taking our 
Leaue of him, he promised to meete vs at a point not farr 
of: where he hath another house, which he performed 
withall, sending men into the woodes to kill a Dere for vs 
if they could. This place I call mulbery shade. He caused 
heere to be prepared for us pegatewk-Apyan which is bread 


Lép.Ixix, 62.) of their wheat made in Rolles and Cakes; this the weomen 


make, and are very clenly about it; we had parched meale, 
excellent good; sodd beanes, which eate as sweete as 


rap G Ache, A relatyon of the Discovery of our River Sie). xlik 


_ 22 June 1607. 


filbert kernells in a maner, strawberryes and mulberyes 
new shaken of the tree dropping on our heads as we satt : 
He made ready a land turtle which we eate, and shewed 
that he was hartely reioyced in our Company. He was 
Desirous to haue a musket shott of[f], shewing first the 
maner of their owne skirmishes, which we perceive is 
violent Cruell and full of Celerity; they vse a tree to 
Defend them in fight, and having shott an Enemy that he 
fall, they maull him with a short wodden sworde. Our 
Captayne caused a gentleman Discharge his peece Souldyer 
like before him, at which noyse he started, stopt his eares, 
and exprest much feare, so likewise all about him; some 
of his people being in our boate leapt over boorde at the 
wonder hereof: but our course of kyndnes after, and letting 
him to witt that wee neuer vse this thunder but against 
our enemyes, yea and that we would assist him with thes 
to terrify and kill his Adversaryes, he rejoyced the more, 
and we found it bred a better affectyon in him towards 
vs; so that by his signes we vnderstood he would or long 
be with us at our ffort. Captayne Newport bestowed on 
him a redd wa[i]stcote, which highly pleased him, and so 
Departed, gyving him also. 2. shouts as the boate went of[f]. 

This night we went some mile, and ankored at a 
place I Call kynd womans care which is mile from 
Mulbery shade. Here we came within night, yet was 
there ready for vs of bread new made, sodden wheate and 
beanes, mullberyes, and some fishe vndressed more then 
all we could eate. Moreover thes people seemed not to 
craue any thing in requitall, Howbeit our Captain volun- 
tarily distributed guifts. 


Tuesday we parted from kynd womans care, and by 
Directyon of Nauiraus (who still accompanyed in the boate 
with vs) went a shore at a place I call Queene Apumatecs 
bowre. He caryed vs along through a plaine lowe grownd 
prepared for seede, part wherof had ben lately Cropt: 
and assending a pretty Hill, we sawe the Queene of this 
Country comminge in selfe same fashion of state as 
Pawatah or Arahatec; yea rather with more maiesty: she 
had an vsher before her who brought her to the matt 
prepared vnder a faire mulbery tree, where she satt her 


[1607] 


(22. 72, 367 ] 


May. 26. 


(Ap. lxv, 7) 
25, 400.) 


1 [A relatyon of the Discovery of our River &°c. cag archer 


[1607] 


22 June 1607. 
Downe by her selfe with a stayed Countenance. she would 
permitt none to stand or sitt neere her: she is a fatt lustie 
manly woman: she had much Copper about her neck, a 
Crownet of Copper upon her hed: she had long black 
haire, which hanged loose downe her back to her myddle, 
which only part was Covered with a Deares skyn, and ells all 
naked. She had her woemen attending on her adorned 
much like her selfe (save they wanted y® Copper). Here 
we had our accustomed Cates, Tobacco and wellcome. 
Our Captayne presented her with guyfts liberally, wher- 
vpon shee cheered somewhat her Countenance; and 
requested him to shoote off] a peece, wherat (we noted) she 
shewed not neere the like feare as Avahatec though he be 
a goodly man. She had much Corne in the grownd: she 
is subiect to Pawatah as the rest are; yet within herselfe 
of as greate authority as any of her neighbour Wy[r]oances. 
Captayne Newport stayd here some. 2. houres and Departed. 

Now leaving her, Nauivaus Dyrected us to one of king 
Pamaunches howses some. 5. myle from the Queenes Bower. 

Here we were entertayned with greate ioye and gladnes, 
the people falling to Daunce, the weomen to preparing 
vitailes, some boyes were sent to Dive for muskles, they 
gaue vs Tobacco, and very kyndly saluted vs. 

This kyng [Opechancanough] (sitting in maner of the 
rest) so set his Countenance stryving to be stately, as to 
our seeming he became foole. Wee gaue him many 
presentes, and certifyed him of our Iorney to yé falles our 
League with the greate kyng Pawatah, a most certayne 
frendship with Avrahatec and kynde entertaynment of 
the Queene: that we were professed Enemyes to the 
Chessepians, and would assist kyng Pawatah against the 
Monanacans ; with this he seemed to be much reioyced ; 
and he would haue had our Captayne staye with him all 
night, which he refused not, but single with the king walked 
aboue two flight shott, shewing therby his trew meaning 
without Distrust or feare. Howbeit, we followed a loofe 
of[f], and coming up to a gallant Mulbery tree, we founde 
Divers preparing vittailes for vs: but the kyng seing our 
intentyon was to accompany our Captaine, he altered his 
purpose and weaved vs in kyndnes to our boate. This 
Wyvoans Pamaunche 1 holde to inhabite a Rych land of 


Cape G Archer A relatyon of the Discovery of our River &e.| Ki 
22 June 1607. 

Copper and pearle. His Country lyesinto the land to [1607] 
another Ryver, which by relatyon and Descriptyon of the 
Salvages comes also comes also from the Mountaynes 
Quirank, but a shorter Iorney. The Copper he had, as 
also many of his people, was very flexible, I bowed a 
peece of the thicknes of a shilling rounde about my finger, 
as if it had ben lead: I found them nice in parting with 
any ; They weare it in their eares, about their neckes in 
long lynckes, and in broade plates on their heades: So we 
made no greate enquyry of it, neither seemed Desirous to 
have it. The kyng had a Chaine of pearle about his neck 
thrice Double, the third parte of them as bygg as pease, 
which I could not valew lesse worth then. 3. or. 400. li 
had the pearle ben taken from the Muskle as it ought to 
be. His kyngdome is full of Deare (so also is moste of all 
the kyngdomes:) he hath (as the rest likewise) many 
ryche furres. This place I call Pamaunches pallace, how- 
beit by Nawirvaus his wordes the kyng of Winauh is 
possessor hereof. The platt of grownd is bare without 
wood some. 100. acres, where are set beanes, wheate, 
peaze, Tobacco, Gourdes, pompions, and other thinges 
vnknowne to us in our tongue. 

Now having left this kyng in kyndnes and frendship: we 
crossed over the water to a sharpe point, which is parte of 
Winauk on Salisbury syde (this I call careles point). Here some 
of our men went a shore with Nawiraus, mett. I0. or. 12. 
Salvages, who offering them neither victualls nor Tobacco, 
they requitted their Courtesy with the like, and left them. 

This night we came to point Winauk right against 
which we rested all night. 

There was an olde man with King Pamaunche (which I 
omitted in place to specify) who wee understood to be. [4 lx) 
110. yere olde; for Nawivaus with being with vs in our 
boate had learned me so much of the Languadg[e], and 
was so excellently ingenious in signing out his meaning, 
that I could make him vnderstand me, and perceive him 
also wellny in any thing. But this knowledg[e] our 
Captaine gatt by taking a bough and singling of the 
leaues, let one drop after another, saying caische which (4.45, 381) 
is. 10. so first Nawraus tooke. 11. beanes and tolde them 
to vs, pointing to this olde fellow, then 110. beanes; by 


lii [A relatyon of the Discovery of our River Se. 10x ys Wa 


(1607] 


May 27. 


(AA. 7» 92+] 


22 June 1607. 


which he awnswered to our Demaund for. 10. yeares a 
beane, and also euery yere by it selfe. This was a lustye 
olde man, of a sterne Countenance, tall and streight, had 
a thinne white beard, his armes overgrowne with white 
haires, and he went as strongly as any of the rest. 


Wensday we went a shore at Point Winauk, where 
Nauiraus caused them to goe a fisshing for us, and they 
brought us in a shorte space good store: Thes seemed 
our good frindes but (the cause I knowe not) heere 
Nauiraus tooke some Conceyt, and though he shewed no 
discontent, yet would he by no meanes goe any further 
with vs, saying he would goe vp to kyng Arahatek, and 
then within some three dayes after he would see vs at 
our ffort. This greeved our Captayne very Deeply, for the 
loving kyndnes of this fellow was such as he trusted 
himselfe with vs out of his owne Country, intended to 
come to our fforte, and as wee came he would make 
frendship for vs, before he would lett vs goe a shore at 
any place, being (as it seemed) very carefull of our safety. 

So our Captayne made all haste home, Determyning not 
to stay in any place as fearing some disastrous happ at 
our forte. Which fell out as we expected, thus. 


After our Departure they seeldome frequented our ffort, 
but by one or two single now and then, practising vpon 
oportunity, now in our absence, perceiving there secure 
Caryadg[e] in the fort; and the xxvith of May being y* Day 
before our returne, there came aboue. 200. of them with 
their kyng and gave a very furious Assault to our fort, 
endaungering their overthrowe, had not the Shippes 
ordinance with their small shott daunted them: The 
came vp allmost into the ffort, shot through the tents, 
appeared in this Skirmishe (which indured hott about an 
hower) a very valiant people: they hurt vs. 11. men 
(wherof one Dyed after) and killed a Boy, yet perceived 
they not this Hurt in vs. We killed Dyvers of them, but 
one wee sawe them tugg of[f] on ther backes, and how 
many hurt we knowe not. A little after they made a huge 
noyse in the woodes, which our men surmised was at y® bury- 


ing of their slayne men. ffoure of the Counsell that stood 


: 
: 
; 


a af d on 
rcapt.G. Archer. 1 velatyon of the Discovery of our River &e.| iii 


22 June 1607. 


in front were hurt in mayntayning the fforte, and our 
president Master Wynckfeild (who shewed himselfe a valiant 
Gentleman) had one shott cleane through his bearde, yet 
scaped hurte. 


Thus having ended our Discovery, which we hope may 
tend to the glory of God, his Maiestes Renowne, our 
Countryes profytt, our owne advauncing and fame to 
all posterity : we settled our selues to our owne safety, 
and began to fortefye; Captayne Newport worthely 
of his owne accord causing his Sea men to ayde vs in 
the best parte therof. 


Thursday we laboured, pallozadoing our fort. 

Fryday the salvages gave on againe, but with more feare, 
not daring approche scarce within musket shott : they hurt 
not any of us, but finding one of our Dogges, they killed him: 
they shott aboue. 40. arrowes into, and about the forte. 

Satterday, we were quyet. 

Sunday they came lurking in the thickets and long 
grasse; and a Gentleman one Eustace Clovell vnarmed 
stragling without the ffort, shot. 6. Arrowes into him, 
wherwith he came runinge into the ffort, crying Arme 
Arme, thes stycking still: He lyved. 8. Dayes, and Dyed. 
The Salvages stayed not, but run away. 

Monday some. 20. appeared, shott Dyvers Arrowes at 
randome which fell short of our fforte, and rann away. 

Tuesday ) quyet and wrought upon fortification, Clap- 

Wensdayp boord, and setting of Corne. ~ 

Thursday by breake of Day. 3. of them had most 
adventurously stollen under our Bullwark and hidden 
themselves in the long grasse ; spyed a man of ours going 
out to doe naturall necessity, shott him in the head, and 
through the Clothes in two places but missed the skynne. 

Fryday. quyet. 

Satterday there being among the Gentlemen and all 
the Company a murmur and grudg[e] against certayne 
preposterous proceedinges, and inconvenyent Courses, 
[they] put up a Petytion to the Counsell for reformatyon. 

Sonday. no accydent 


[1607] 


28. 
29. 


30. 


June l. 


Introduction. 


liv [A velatyon of the Discovery of our River &¢. 1capt G. Archer 
[1607] Monday, Master Clovell Dyed that was shott with. 6. — 
8. Arrowes sticking in him. This afternoone. 2. salvages— 
presented themselues vnarmed a farr of{f] Crying 
Wingapoh; there were also three more having bowe and 
arrowes: these we Conjectured came from some of those 
kinges with whom we had perfect league: but one of our 
Gentlemen garding in the woodes and having no Com- 
aundement to the contrary shott at them: at which (as 
their Custome is) they fell downe, and after run away: yet 
farther of[f] we heard them crye Wingapoh notwithstanding. 
9. Tuesday in cutting downe a greate oke for Clapboord, 
there issued out of the hart of the tree the quantity of two 
barricoes of liquor, in taste as good as any vyneger, save 
a little smack it tooke of the oke. 

10. Wensday the Counsell scanned the Gentlemans 
Petityon: Wherin Captayne Newport shewing himselfe no 
lesse Carefull of our Amitye and Combyned frendship, then 
became him in the deepe Desire he had of our good; 
vehemently with ardent affectyon wonne our hartes by his 
fervent perswasyon, to vniformity of Consent, and Callmed 
that, out of our Loue to him, with ease, which I doubt 
without better satisfactyon had not contentedly ben caryed. 
Wee confirmed a faythfull loue one to another, and in our 
hartes subscribed an obedyence to our Superyours this 
Day. Captaine Smyth was this Day sworne one of the 
Counsell, who was elected in England. 

11. Thursday, Articles and orders for Gentlemen and 
Soldyers were vpon the Court of Garde, and Content was 
in the Quarter. 


12. Fryday, Cutting downe another tree, the like accident 
of vineger proceeded. 
13. Satterday. 8. salvages lay close among the weedes and 


long grasse: and spying one or two of our Maryners 
Master Ihon Cotson and Master Mathew ffitch by them- 
selves, shott Mathew ffytch in the somwhat dangerously, 
and so rann away this Morning. Our Admiralls [ flag- 
ship’s| men gatt a Sturgeon of. 7. foote long which Captayne 
Newport gaue vs. 

14. Sondaye, two salvages presented themselves vnarmed, 
to whome our President and Captaine Newport went out. 
one of these was that fellow I call in my Relatyon of 


‘tcapt'G Archer, “1 velatyon of the Discovery of our River &c.) lw 


22 June 1607. 


‘Discovery our kinde Consort, being hee we mett at Turkye 
Ile. These certifyed vs who were our frendes, and who 
foes, saying that king Pamaunke kyng Arahatec, the kyng 
of Youghtamong, and the king of Matapoll would either 
assist vs or make vs peace with Paspetouk, Tapahanauk, 
Wynauk, A pamatecoh and Chescath, our Contracted Enemyes: 
He counselled vs to Cutt Downe the long weedes rounde 
about our fforte, and to proceede in our sawing: Thus 
making signes to be with vs shortly agayne, they parted. 
Monday, we wrought vpon Clapborde for England. 
_ Tuesday, two salvages without from Salisbury syde 
being Tapahanauks Country, Captayne Newport went to 
them in the barge ymagining they had ben our Sonday 
frendes: but thes were Tapahanauks and cryed (treacher- 
ously) Wingapoh, saying their king was on the other syde 
of a point, where had our Barge gone it was so shold 
water as they might have effected their villanous plott: 
but our Admirali tolde them Tapahanauk was matah and 
chivah, wherat laughing they went away. 
Wensdaye. 
Thursdaye. 
Frydaye. 
Satterday. 
Sondaye, we had a Communyon: Captaine Newport 
Dyned a shore with our Dyet, and invited many of us to 
Supper as a farewell / 


no Accydent. 


[Endorsed] 
Capten Newports relation of Virguma 
Discovery. 


[From this endorsement, it would seem that whoever wrote this 
“relatyon,” it was the official one presented by NEWPORT on his 
return home. 

This Relatyon is followed by | 
The Discription of the now discovered River and Country 
of Virginia; with the liklyhood of ensuing ritches, by 
Englands ayd and industry. / 


A Breif discription of the People. / 


{1607] 
[éA. xli, xliii, 
xlvii.J 


15. 
16. 


[1607] 


lvi 


DupvpLEY CARLETON. 
Letter to foun CHAMBERLAIN, 
18 August 1607. 


[E xtract.| [State Papers, Domestic. Fames 1. (1607) Vol. 28, No. 34. 


Aster Chamberlain, you may whilst you liue 
confess your obligation toSir W. Cope, Gc. 
And now you have all our domestike 
newes, for publike you shall vnderstand, 
that Captaine Newport is come from owr 
late adventurers to Virginia hauing left 
“) them in an Island in the midst of a great 
1 river 120 mile into.-the land. They write 
much commendations of the aire and the soile and the 
commodities of it: but siluer and golde haue they none, 
and they can not yet be at peace with the inhabitants of 
the cuntrie. They haue fortified themselfs and built a 
small towne which they call Fames-towne, and so they date 
theyr letters: but the towne me thincks hath no gracefull 
name, and besides the Spaniards who thinck it no small 
matter of moment how they stile theyr new populations 
will tell us I dowbt it comes too neere Vulliaco. 

One Captaine Waiman a speciall favorit of Sir Walter 
Copes was taken the last weeke in a port in Kent shipping 
himself for Spaine with intent as is thought to have 
betraied his frends and shewed the Spamards a meanes 
how to defeat this Verginian attempt. The great counsell 
of that State hath resolved of a dubble supplie to be sent 
thether with all diligence. The opinion is now generally 
that the Peace will be made in the low cuntreys. 

Sir Richard Spencer saw not the king, etc. 

from London this 18th of August. 1607. 

Yours most assuredly 
[Added below] DuDLEY CARLETON. 


Master Porte tells me of a name giuen by a Duchman who 
wrote to him in Latin from the new towne in Verginia, 
Facobopolis, and Master Warner hath a letter from Master 
George Percie who names theyr towne Fames-fort, which we 
like best of all the rest because it comes neere to Chemes-ford. 


| 


lvii 


[Rev.§ SamMueEL PB. U RiQictinAls 54] 


Observations gathered out of 
MA Discourse of the Plantation of 


the Southerne Colonie in Virginia 
by the English, 1606: 


Written by that Honorable Gentleman, 
Master GEORGE PERCY. 


[From the Rev. S. PuRCHAS’s Pilgrimes, iv. 1685-1690. Ed. 1625. 
It would be very desirable to find the manuscript, of the beginning 
of which PURCHAS has here given us a Summary. ] 


sie N Saturday the twentieth of December 
44) in the yeere 1606. the fleet fell [7.c., down 
the Thames] from London, and the fift 
of Ianuary we anchored in the Downes: 
Ay but the winds continued contrarie so 
long, that we were forced to stay there 
some time; where wee suffered great 
stormes, but by the skilfulnesse of the 
Captaine wee suffered no great losse or danger. 

The twelfth day of February [1607] at night, we saw 
a blazing Starre; and presently [came] a storme. 

The three and twentieth day [of March 1607], we fell 
[in] with the Iland of Mattanemio, in the West Indies. 


a 


[1606-7] 
(These side- 
notes are 
chiefly by 
the Rw. S. 
Purchas.] 


The next 
day [24 
Mar. 1607 


vill 


1607] 


Captaine 
Smith was 
suspected 
for a sup- 
ed 

utinie, 
though 
neuer no 
such matter, 


Trade at 
Dominica. 


Brutishnesse 
of the 
Dominicans. 


Fight 
betwixt a 


Mariia}- 
galanta, 


Guadalupa. 
Bath very 
hot. 


A Discourse of the Plantation of the [ the Hone boc a 
21607, 


The foure and twentieth day [of March], we anchored 
at Dominico, within fourteene degrees of the Line: a very 
faire Iland, the Trees full of sweet and good smels; [and] 
inhabited by many Sauage Indians. ‘They were at first 
very scrupulous to come aboord vs. Wee learned of them 
afterwards, that the Spaniards had giuen them a great 
ouerthrow on this Ile; but when they knew what we 
were, there came many to our ships with their Canoas ; 
bringing vs many kindes of sundry fruites, as Pines, Pota- 
toes, Plantons, Tobacco, and other fruits; and Roane 
Cloth [in] abundance, which they had gotten out of cer- 
taine Spanish ships that were cast away vpon that Iland. 
We gaue them Kniues, [and] Hatchets for exchange; 
which they esteeme much. Wee also gaue them Beades, 
[and] Copper Iewels which they hang through their 
nosthrils, ears, and lips, very strange to behold. 

Their bodies are all painted red, to keepe away the 
biting of Muscetos [mosquitoes]. They goe all naked with- 
out couering. The haire of their head is a yard long, 
all of a length, pleated in three plats hanging downe to 
their wastes. They sufferno haire to grow on their faces. 
They cut [tattoo] their skinnes in diuers workes. They are 
continually in warres; and will eate their enemies when 
they kill them, or any stranger if they take them. They 
will lap vp mans spittle, whilst one spits in their mouthes, 
in a barbarous fashion like Dogges. These people and 
the rest of the Ilands in the West Indies, and Brasill, are 
called by the names of Camibals, that will eate mans 
flesh. These people doe poyson their Arrow heads, which 
are made of a fishes bone. They worship the Deuill for 
their God, and haue no other beliefe. 

Whilest we remayned at this Iland, we saw a Whale 
chased by a Thresher and a Sword-fish. They fought for 


_ the space of two houres. We might see the Thresher 


with his flayle lay on the monstrous blowes which was 
strange to behold. In the end, these two fishes brought 
the Whale to her end. 

The sixe and twentieth day [of March, 1607], we had 
sight of Mari{ajgalanta: and the next day [27 March], wee 
sailed with a slacke saile, alongst the Ile of Guadalupa; 
where we went ashore, and found a Bath which was 


tron Pers. | Southerne Colony in Virginia by the English.  lix 


2 2607. 

so hot that no man was able to stand long by it. Our 
Admirall {here designating the Chief in command, not the 
flagship|, Captaine Newport, caused a piece of Porke to be 
put in it; which boyled it so, in the space of halfe an 
hour, as no fire could mend it. Then we went aboord, 
and sailed by many !ands, as Mounserot [Montserrat] and 
an Iland called Saint Christopher ; both vninhabited. 

About two a clocke in the afternoone [28 March], wee 
anchored at the Ile of Mewis [i.e., Nevis]. There the Cap- 
taine landed all his men, being well fitted with Muskets and 
other conuenient Armes; [and] marched a mile into the 
Woods: being [where they were] commanded to stand vpon 
their guard, fearing the treacherie of the Indians; which 
is an ordinary vse amongst them, and all other Sauages 
on this Ile. We came to a Bath standing in a Valley 
betwixt two Hils, where wee bathed our selues; and 
found it to be of the nature of the Bathes [mineral 
springs] in England, some places hot and some colder: 
and men may refresh themselues as they please. 

Finding this place to be so conuenient for our men to 
auoid diseases which will breed in so long a Voyage, wee 
incamped ourselues on this Ile sixe dayes [28 Mar.—2 April 
1607], and spent none of our ships victuall, by reason our 
men, some went a hunting, some a fouling, and some a 
fishing: where we got great store of Conies, sundry kinds 
of fowles, and great plentie of fish. We kept Centinels 
and Courts de gard [Pickets] at euery Captaines quarter, 
fearing wee should be assaulted by the Indians, that were 
on the other side of the Iland. Wee saw [met with} none, 
nor were molested by any: but some few we saw as we were 
a hunting on the Iland. They would not come to vs by 
any meanes, but ranne swiftly through the Woods to the 
Mountaine tops, so we lost the sight of them: whereupon 
we made all the haste wee could to our quarter [camp], 
thinking there had beene a great ambush of Indians there 
abouts. 

We past into the thickest of the Woods, where we had 
almost lost our selues. We had not gone aboue halfe a 
mile amongst the thicke, but we came into a most pleasant 
Garden: being a hundred paces square on euery side, 
hauing many Cotton-trees growing in it with abundance 


[1607] 


Meuis. 


Bath at 
Meuis. 


[ pp. xxxil, 
10.) 


Commodi- 
ties there. 


Ix 


{1607] 


Aprill. 


Tortoises. 


Meuis water 
vnwhole- 
some. 


Ed. Brookes 
faint wit 
thirst. 


A Discourse of the Plantation of the [mm Hon 6. Perey. 

? 1607. 

of Cotton-wooll, and many Guiacum trees. Wee saw the 

goodliest tall trees growing so thicke about the Garden, 

as though they had been set by Art: which made vs 
maruell very much to see it. 

The third day [of April, 16071, wee set saile from Mems. 

The fourth day [April], we sailed along by Castutia (St. 
Eustatius] and by Saba. 

This day [4 April 1607], we anchored at the Ile of Vir- 
gines, in an excellent Bay able to harbour a hundred (1686) 
Ships. If this Bay stood in England, it would be a great 
profit and commoditie to the Land. On this Iland wee 
caught great store of Fresh-fish and abundance of Sea 
Tortoises, which serued all our Fleet three daies, which 
were in number eight score persons. We also killed 
great store of wilde Fowle. Wee cut the Barkes of 
certaine Trees which tasted much like Cinnamon, and 
very hot in the mouth. This Iland in some places hath 
very good ground, [and] straight and tall Timber. But 
the greatest discommoditie that wee haue seene on this 
Iland is that it hath no Fresh-water, which makes the 
place void of any Inhabitants. 

Vpon the sixt day [of April], we set saile and passed by 
Becam [Bicque], and by Saint Iohn de porto rico. 

The seuenth day [of April], we arriued at Mona: where 
wee watered: which we stood in great need of, seeing 
that our water [obtained at Nevis] did smell so vildly that 
none of our men was able to indure it. 

Whilst some of the Saylers were a filling the Caskes 
with water, the Captaine and the rest of the Gentlemen, 
and other Soldiers, marched vp in the Ile sixe myles; 
thinking to find some other prouision to maintaine our 
victualling. As we marched, we killed two wild Bores; 
and saw a huge wild Bull, his hornes was an ell be- 
tweene the two tops. We also killed Guanas [lizards], in 
ee of a Serpent, and speckled like a Toade vnder the 

elly. 

These wayes that wee went, being [were] so troublesome 
and vilde, going vpon the sharpe Rockes, that many of our 
men fainted in the march: but, by good fortune, wee lost 
none but one Edward Brookes Gentleman; whose fat 
melted within him, by the great heate and drought of 


‘on. G. Percy. 


pn eiseey. | Southerne Colony in Virginia dy the English. Ixi 


? 1607. 


the Countrey. We were not able to relieue him nor our 
selues; so he died in that great extreamitie. 

The ninth day [of Afril], in the afternoone, we went off 
with our Boat, to the Ile of Moneta, some three leagues 
from Mona: where we had a terrible landing, and a 
troublesome getting vp to the top of the Mountaine or 
He; [it] being a high firme Rocke, ste[e]p, with many 
terrible sharpe stones. After wee got to the top of the 
Ile, we found it to bee a fertill and a plaine ground, full 
of goodly grasse, and abundance of Fowles-of all kindes. 


They flew ouer our heads as thicke as drops of Halille. § 


Besides they made such a noise, that wee were not able 
to heare one another speake. Furthermore, wee were not 
able to set our feet on the ground, but either on Fowles 
or Egges which lay so thicke in the grasse. Wee laded 
two Boats full in the space of three houres, to our great 
refreshing. 

The tenth day [of April], we set saile, and disimboged 
out of the West Indies; and bare oure course Northerly. 

The fourteenth day, we passed the Tropicke of Cancer. 

The one and twentieth day, about fiue a clocke at 
night, there began a vehement tempest, which lasted all 
the night, with winds, raine, and thunders, in a terribie 
manner. Wee were forced to lie at Hull that night, 
because we thought wee had beene neerer land then wee 
were. 

The next morning, being the two and twentieth day, 
wee sounded; and [also] the three and twentieth, and 
foure and twent[iJeth day: but we could find no ground. 

The fiue and twentieth day, we sounded, and had no 
ground at an hundred fathom. 

The six and twentieth day of Aprill [1607], about 
foure a clocke in the morning, wee descried the Land of 
Virginia. 

The same day, wee entred into the Bay of Chesupioc 
directly, without any let or hindrance. 

There wee landed and discouered a little way: but 
wee could find nothing worth the speaking of, but faire 
meddowes and goodly tall Trees ; with such Fresh-waters 
running through the woods, as I was almost rauished at 
the first sight thereof. 


[1607] 


Moneta. 


Store of 
owles, 


We were 
driuen to 
try [Ze at 
hull) that 
night[25z¢/]; 
and by the 
storme, 
were forced 
neere the 
shoare ; not 
knowing 
where we 
were. 

They land 
in Virginia 


Ixii 


[1607] 


[4é. xliv, 5, 
31, 91, 387, 
896.) 


A Discourse of the Plantation of the [mm Hon G Pac, 
2 1607. 


At night, when wee were going aboard, there came 
the Sauages creeping vpon all foure, from the Hills, like 
Beares ; with their Bowes in their mouthes: [who] charged 
vs very desperately in the faces, [and] hurt Captaine 
Gabrife|ll Archer in both his hands, and a sayler in two 
places of the body very dangerous(ly]. After they had 
spent their Arrowes, and felt the sharpnesse of our shot; 
they retired into the Woods with a great noise, and so 
left vs. 

The seuen and twentieth day [of April 1607], we began 
to build vp our Shallop. The Gentlemen and Souldiers 
marched eight miles vp into that land. We could not see 
a Sauage in all that march. We came to a place where 
theyhad made a great fire, and had beene newlya ro[a]sting 
Oysters. When they perceiued our comming, they fled 
away to the Mountaines, and left many of the Oysters in 
the fire. We eat some of the Oysters, which were very 
large and delicate in taste. 

The eighteenth [or rather 28th] day {of April], we 
la{ujnched our Shallop. The Captaine and some Gentle- 
men went in her, and discouered vp the Bay. 

We found a Riuer on the South side, running into the 
Maine [up into the mainland]: we entered it and found it 
very shoald water, not for any Boats to swim. Wee went 
further into the Bay, and saw a plaine plot of ground, 
where we went on Land; and found the place fiue mile 
in compasse, without either Bush or Tree. We saw 
nothing there but a Cannow, which was made out of the 
whole tree, which was fiue and fortie foot long by the 
Rule. Vpon this plot of ground, we got good store of 
Mussels and Oysters, which lay on the ground as thicke 
as stones. Wee opened some, and found in many of them 
Pearles. 

Wee marched some three or foure miles further into 
the Woods, where we saw great smoakes of fire. Wee 
marched to those smoakes, and found that the Sauages 
had beene there, burning downe the grasse; as wee thought 
either to make their plantation there, or else to giue signes 
to bring their forces together, and so to giue vs battell. 
We past through excellent ground full of Flowers of 
diuers kinds and colours, and as goodly trees as I haue 


a 


Introduction. 


“The Hon Feey. | Southerne Colony in Virginia dy the English. xiii 


2 1607. 


seene, as Cedar, Cipresse, and other kindes. Going a 


little further, we came into a little plat of ground full of 
fine and beautifull Strawberries, foure times bigger and 


_ better then ours in England. (1687] All this march, we 


could neither see Sauage nor Towne. 

_ When it grew to be towards night, we stood backe to 
our Ships, we sounded and found it shallow water for a 
great way, which put vs out of all hopes for getting any 
higher with our Ships, which road at the mouth of the 
Riuer. Wee rowed ouer to a point of Land, where wee 


_ found a channell; and sounded six, eight, ten, or twelue 


fathom: which put vs in good comfort. Therefore wee 
named that point of Land, Cape Comfort. 

The nine and twentieth day, we set vp a Crosse at 
Chesupioc Bay, and named that place Cape Henry. 

Thirtieth day [of Apvil, 1607], we came with our ships 
to Cape Comfort} where we saw fiue Sauages running on 
the shoare. 

Presently the Captaine caused the shallop to be manned ; 
so rowing to the shoare, the Captaine called to them in 
signe of friendship: but they were at first very timersome, 
vntil they saw the Captain lay his hand on his heart. 
Vpon that, they laid downe their Bowes and Arrowes, 
and came very boldly to vs; making signes to come a 
shoare to their Towne, which is called by the Sauages, 
Kecoughtan. 

Wee coasted to their Towne, rowing ouer a Riuer 
running into the Maine, where these Sauages swam ouer 
with their Bowes and Arrowes in their mouthes, 

When we came ouer to the other side, there was a 
many of other Sauages, which directed vs to their Towne, 
where we were entertained by them very kindly. When 
we came first a Land they made a dolefull noise, laying 
their faces to the ground, scratching the earth with their 
nailes. We did thinke they had beene at their Idolatry. 
When they had ended their Ceremonies, they went into 
their houses and brought out mats and laid [them] vpon 
the ground: the chiefest of them sate all in a rank; the 
meanest sort brought vs such dainties as they had, and 
of their bread which they make of their Maize] or Gennea 
wheat. They would not suffer vs to eat vnlesse we sate 


[1607] 


Straw- 
berries. 


Point 
Comfort. 


Kecough 
tan. 


xiv 


[1607] 
Tobacco. 


Singing and 
ancing. 


A long 
oration. 


A Discourse of the Plantation of the E Hon: G. Perey 

1607. 

down, which we did on a Mat right against them. After 

we were well satisfied, they gaue vs of their Tabacco, 

which they tooke in a pipe made artifically of earth as 

ours are, but far bigger, with the bowle fashioned together 
with a piece of fine copper. 

After they had feasted vs, they shewed vs, in welcome, 
their manner of dancing, which was in this fashion. One 
of the Sauages standing in the midst singing, beating one 
hand against another; all the rest dancing about him, 
shouting, howling, and stamping against the ground, with 
many Anticke tricks and faces, making noise like so many 
Wolues or Deuils. One thing of them I obserued ; when 
they were in their dance, they kept stroke with their feet 
iust, one with another; but with their hands, heads, faces 
and bodies, euery one of them had a seuerall gesture: so 
they continued for the space of halfe an houre. When 
they had ended their dance, the Captaine gaue them 
Beades and other trifling Iewells. 

They hang through their eares, Fowles legs. They 
shaue the right side of their heads with a shell, the left 
side they weare of an ell long, tied vp with an artificiall 
knot, with a many of Foules feathers sticking in it. They 
goe altogether naked, but their priuities are couered with 
Beasts skinnes beset commonly with little bones, or 
beasts teeth. Some paint their bodies blacke, some red, 
with artificiall knots of sundry liuely colours, very beauti- 
full and pleasing to the eye, in a brauer fashion then they 
in the West Indies. 

The fourth day of May [1607], we came to the King or 
Werowance of Paspthe [1.e., Paspahegh] : where they enter- 
tained vs with much welcome. An old Sauage made a 
long Oration, making a foule noise, vttering his speech 
with a vehement action; but we knew little what they 
meant. 

Whilst we were in company with the Paspihes, the 
Werowance of Rapahanna came from the other side of the 
Riuer in his Cannoa. He seemed to take displeasure of 
our being with the Pasiphes. He would faine haue had 
vs come to his Towne, [but] the Captaine was vnwilling. 
Seeing that the day was so far spent, he returned backe 
to his ships for that night. 


troduction. 


Ricteo Perey. | Southerne Colony in Virginia by the English. 1xv 


? 1607. 


The next day, being the fift of May, the Werowance of 
Rapahanna sent a Messenger, to haue vs come to him. 
We entertained the said Messenger, and gaue him trifles 
which pleased him. Wee manned our shallop with Mus- 
kets and Targatiers sufficiently: [and] this said Messenger 
guided vs where our determination was to goe. 

When wee landed, the Werowance of Rapahanna came 
downe to the water side with all his traine, as goodly 
men as any I haue seene of Sauages or Christians: the 
Werowance comming before them playing on a Flute 


made of a Reed, with a Crown of Deares haire colloured % 


red, in fashion of a Rose fastened about his knot of haire, 


and a great Plate of Copper on the other side of his head; 
with two long Feathers in fashion of a paire of Hornes 
placed in the midst of his Crowne. His body was painted 
all with Crimson, with a Chaine of Beads about his 
necke ; his face painted blew besprinkled with siluer Ore 
as wee thought; his eares all behung with Braslets of 
Pearle; and in either eare a Birds Claw through it, beset 
with fine Copper or Gold. 

He entertained vs in so modest a proud fashion, as 
though he had beene a Prince of ciuill gouernment ; hold- 
ing his countenance without laughter or any such ill 
behauiour. He caused his Mat to be spred on the ground, 
where hee sate downe with a great Maiestie, taking a 
pipe of Tabacco: the rest of his company standing about 
him. 

After hc had rested a while, he rose, and made signes 
to vs to come to his Towne. He went formost, and all 
the rest of his people and our selues followed him vp a 
steepe Hill where his Palace was settled. Wee passed 
through the Woods in fine paths, hauing [that had] most 
pleasant Springs which issued from the Mountaines. Wee 
also went through the goodliest Corne fieldes that euer 
was seene in [1688] any Countrey. When wee came to 
Rapahannos Towne, hee entertained vs in good humanitie. 

The eight day of May [1607], we discouered vp the 
River. We landed in the Countrey of Afamatica. At 
our landing, there came many stout and able Sauages to 
resist vs, with their Bowes and Arrowes, in a most warlike 
manner: with their swords at their backes beset with 


[1607] 


A Flute 
made of a 
eed. 


(A. 418.] 


[pp. xlix, 73 


25, 400.) 


Ixvi 


[1607] 


Archera 
Hope. 


[p. xe.] 


Their 
Plantation 
at James 
Towne. 


A Discourse of the Plantation of the [2 Hone G. Perey. 

16075 
sharpe stones, and pieces of yron able to cleaue a man in 
sunder. 

Amongst the rest, one of the chiefest, standing before 
them cross-legged, with his Arrow readie in his Bow in 
one hand, and taking a Pipe of Tobacco in the other, with 
a bold vttering of his speech, demanded of vs, [of] our 
being there, willing vs to bee gone. Wee made signes of 
peace; which they perceiued in the end, and let vs land in 
quietnesse. 

The twelfth day [of May], we went backe to our ships ; 
and discouered a point of Land, called Archers Hope, 
which was sufficient with a little labour to defend our 
selues against any Enemy. The soile was good and fruit- 
full, with excellent good Timber. There are also great 
store of Vines, in bignesse of a mans thigh, running vp to 
the tops of the Trees in great abundance. We also did 
see many Squirels, Conies, Black Birds with crimson 
wings, and diuers other Fowles and Birds of diuers and 
sundrie collours of crimson, Watchet, Yellow, Greene, 
Murry, and of diuers other hewes naturally without any 
art vsing. We found store of Turkie nests and many 
Egges. If it had not beene disliked because the ship 
could not ride neere the shoare, we had setled there to all 
the Collonies contentment. 

The thirteenth day, we came to our seating place in 
Paspthas Countrey, some eight miles from the point of 
Land [of] which I made mention before: where our 
shippes doe lie so neere the shoare that they are moored 
to the Trees in six fathom water. 

The fourteenth day [of May 1607], we landed all our 
men; which were set to worke about the fortification, 
and others some to watch and ward as it was conuenient. 

The first night of our landing, about midnight, there 
came some Sauages sayling close to our quarter. Pre- 
sently there was an alarum giuen ; vpon that, the Sauages 
ran away, and we [were] not troubled any more by them 
that night. 

Not long after, there came two Sauages that seemed to 
be Commanders, brauely drest, with Crownes of coloured 
haire vpon their heads; which came as Messengers from 
the Werowance of Paspiha, telling vs that their Werowance 


aa 


The Hon. Perey. | Southerne Colony tn Virginia by the English. lxvii 


? 1607. 


was comming, and would be merry with vs with a fat 
Deare. 

The eighteenth day, the Werowance of Paspihe came 
himselfe to our quarter, with one hundred Sauages armed, 
which garded him in a very warlike manner with Bowes 
and Arrowes; thinking at that time to execute their 
villany. Paspihe made great signes to vs to lay our 
Armes away: but we would not trust him so far. He 
seeing he could not haue conuenient time to worke his 
will, at length made signes that he would giue vs as much 
land as we would desire to take. 

As the Sauages were in a throng in the Fort, one of 
them stole a Hatchet from one of our company, which 
spied him doing the deed: whereupon he tooke it from 
him by force, and also strooke him ouer the arme. Pre- 
sently another Sauage seeing that, came fiercely at our 
man, with a wooden sword, thinking to beat out his 
braines. The Werowance of Paspiha saw vs take to our 
Armes, [and] went suddenly away with all his company, 
in great anger. 

The nineteenth day, my selfe and three or foure more 
walking into the Woods, by chance wee espied a path- 
way like to an Ivish pace: wee were desirous to knowe 
whither it would bring vs. Wee traced along some foure 
miles, all the way as wee went, hauing the pleasantest 
Suckles, the ground all flowing ouer with faire flowers of 
sundry colours and kindes, as though it had beene in any 
Garden or Orchard in England. ‘There be many Straw- 
berries, and other fruits vnknowne. Wee saw the Woods 
full of Cedar and Cypresse trees, with other trees [out of} 
which issues our sweet Gummes like to Balsam. Wee 
kept on our way in this Paradise. At length, wee came 
to a Sauage Towne, where wee found but few people. 
They told vs the rest were gone a hunting with the 
Werowance of Paspiha. We stayed there a while, and had 
of them Strawberries and other things. In the meane 
time, one of the Sauages came running out of his house 
with a Bowe and Arrowes, and ranne mainly through 
the Woods. Then I beganne to mistrust some villanie, 
that he went to call some companie, and so betray vs. 
Wee made all haste away wee could. One of the Sauages 


[1607] 


Land given 


These 
Sauages 
are natur- 
ally great 
theeues. 


Ixvili 


[1607] 


Their 
arrowes, 


A Discourse of the Plantation of the [™ og Perey 
1607+ 


brought vs on the way to the Wood side, where there was 
a Garden of Tobacco and other fruits and herbes. He 
gathered Tobacco, and distributed to euery one of vs; 
[and] so wee departed. 

The twentieth day, the Werowance of Paspiha sent fortie 
of his men with a Deere, to our quarter: but they came 
more in villanie than any loue they bare vs. They faine 
would haue layne in our Fort all night, but wee would 
not suffer them for feare of their treachery. 

One of our Gentlemen hauing a Target which hee 
trusted in, thinking it would beare out a slight shot, hee 
set it vp against a tree, willing one of the Sauages to 
shoot : who tooke from his backe an Arrow of an elle long, 
drew it strongly in his Bowe, shoots the Target a foote 
thorow, or better: which was strange, being that a Pistoll 
could not pierce it. Wee seeing the force of his Bowe, 
afterwards set him vp a steele Target: he shot again, 
and burst his arrow all to pierces. He presently pulled 
out another Arrow, and bit it in his teeth, and seemed to 
bee in a great rage: so hee went away in great anger. 
Their Bowes are made of tough Hasell, their strings of 
Leather, their Arrowes of Canes or Hasell, headed with 
very sharpe stones, and are made artificially like (1689) 


(44. 68, 364.1a broad Arrow: other some of their Arrowes are headed 


Yellow 
haired 
Virginian, 


Ld. xlii.} 


River of 
Pohatan, 


with the ends of Deeres hornes, and are feathered very 
artificially. 

Pasphia was as good as his word ; for hee sent Vension, 
but the Sawse came within a few dayes after. 


At Port Cotage in our Voyage vp the Riuer, we sawa 
Sauage Boy about the age of ten yeeres, which had a 
head of haire of a perfect yellow, and a reasonable white 
skinne ; which is a Miracle amongst all Sauages. 

This Riuer which wee haue discouered is one of the 
famousest Riuers that euer was found by any Christian. 
It ebbes and flowes a hundred and threescore miles, 
where ships of great burthen may harbour in safetie. 
Wheresoeuer we landed vpon this Riuer, wee saw the 
goodliest Woods as Beech, Oke, Cedar, Cypresse, 
Wal-nuts, Sassafras, and Vines in great abundance which 
hang in great clusters on many Trees, and other Trees 


The Hon 6: Perey. | Southerne Colony tn Virginia by the English. 1x1x 


? 1607. 


vnknowne ; and all the grounds bespred with many sweet 
and delicate flowres of diuers colours and kindes. There 
are also many fruites as Strawberries, Mulberries, Ras- 
berries, and Fruites vnknowne. There are many branches 
of this Riuer, which runne flowing through the Woods 
with great plentie of fish of all kindes; as for Sturgeon, all 
the World cannot be compared to it. In this Countrey I 
haue seene many great and large Medowes* hauing excel- 


lent good pasture for many Cattle. There is also great . 


store of Deere both Red and Fallow. There are Beares, 
Foxes, Otters, Beuers, Muskats, and wild beasts vnknowne. 

The foure and twentieth day, wee set vp a Crosse at 
the head of this Riuer, naming it Kings Riuer, where we 
proclaimed [ames King of England to haue the most right 
vnto it. When wee had finished and set vp our Crosse, 
we shipt our men and made for James Fort. 

By the way, wee came to Pohatans Towre, where the 
Captaine [7.c., Newport} went on shore, suffering none to goe 
with him. Hee presented the Commander of this place, 
with a Hatchet; which hee tooke ioyfully, and was well 
pleased. 

But yet the Sauages murmured at our planting in the 
Countrie, whereupon this Werowance made answere againe 
very wisely of a Sauage, Why should you bee offended with 
them, as long as they hurt you not, nor take any thing 
away by force. They take but a little waste ground, which 
doth you nor any of vs any good. 


I saw Bread made by their women, which doe all their 
drugerie. The men takes their pleasure in hunting and 
their warres, which they are in continually, one Kingdome 
against another. The manner of baking of bread is thus. 
After they pound their wheat into flowre, with hote water 
they make it into paste, and worke it into round balls and 
Cakes; then they put it into a pot of seething water: 
when it is sod throughly, they lay it on a smooth stone, 
there they harden it as well as in an Ouen. 

There is notice to be taken to know married women 
from Maids. The Maids you shall alwayes see the fore 
part of their head and sides shauen close; the hinder part 
very long, which they tie in a pleate hanging downe to 


[1607] 


* Low 
Marshes. 


[p. xlvi, 7.] 


Wee came 
downe the 
Riuer. 


[ p- xlvii.] 


Bread how 
made. 


(p. xlviii.] 


Distinct 

habit of 

Maids and 
ives. 


Ixx 


[1607] 


Savage 160 
yeeres old. 


p. li.) 


Bearded. 


Captaine 
Newports 
departure. 


; ; Introducti 
A Discourse of the Plantation of the [wre Hom: Fey 
i . 


their hips. The married women weares their haire all of 
a length, and [it] is tied of that fashion that the Maids are. 
The women kinde in this Countrey doth pounce and race 
their bodies, legges, thighes, armes and faces with a sharpe 
Iron, which makes a stampe in curious knots, and drawes 
the proportion of Fowles, Fish, or Beasts: then with 
paintings of sundry liuely colours, they rule it into the 
stampe which will neuer be taken away, because it is 
dried into the flesh where it is se[a]red. 

The Sauages beare their yeares well, for when wee 
were at Pamonkies, wee saw a Sauage [who] by their 
report was aboue eight score yeeres of age. His eyes 
were sunke into his head, hauing neuer a tooth in his 
mouth. His haire [was] all gray with a reasonable bigge 
beard, which was as white as any snow. It isa Miracle 
to see a Sauage haue any haire on their faces. I neuer 
saw, read, nor heard, [of] any haue the like before. This 
Sauage was as lustie and went as fast as any of vs; which 
was strange to behold. 


The fifteenth of Iune [1607], we had built and finished 
our Fort, which was triangle wise: hauing three Bulwarkes, 
[one] at euery corner, like a halfe Moone, and foure or 
fiue pieces of Artillerie mounted in them; [thus] we had 
made our selues sufficiently strong for these Sauages. We 
had also sowne most of our Corne on two Mountaines. It 
sprang [had sprung] a mans height from the ground. This 
Countrey is a fruitfull soile, bearing many goodly and 
fruitfull Trees, as Mulberries, Cherries, Walnuts, Cedars, 
Cypresse, Sassafras, and Vines in great abundance. 

Munday the two and twentieth of Iune [1607], in the 
morning, Captaine Newport in the Admirall departed from 
Iames Port for England. 


Captaine Newport being gone from England, leauing vs 
(one hundred and foure persons) verie bare and scantie of 
victualls ; furthermore, in warres and in danger of the 
Sauages. We hoped after a supply, which Captaine 
Newport promised within twentie weekes. But if the 
beginners of this action doe carefully further vs, the 
Country being so fruitfull, it would be as great a profit to 


The Hon. 6. Perey. Southerne Colony in Virginia by the English. Ixxi 


? 1607. 
the Realme of England, as the Indies to the King of 
Spaine. If this Riuer which wee haue found had beene 
discouered in the time of warre with Spaine, it would haue 
beene a commoditie to our Realme, and a great annoyance 
to our enemies. 

The seuen and twentieth of Iuly, the King of Rapahanna 
demanded a Canoa, which was restored. [He] lifted vp 
his hand to the Sunne (which they [1690] worship as their 
God), besides he laid his hand on his heart, that he would 
be our speciall friend. It is a generall rule of these people ; 
when they swere by their God which is the Sunne, no 


Christian will keep their Oath better vpon this promise. 


These people haue a great reuerence to the Sunne aboue 


[1607} 


The 
Sauages 
vse to 
sacrifice to 
the Sunne. 


all other things: at the rising and the setting of the . 


same, they sit downe lifting vp their hands and eyes to 
the Sunne, making a round Circle on the ground with 
dried Tobacco; then they began to pray, making many 
Deuillish gestures, with a Hellish noise, foming at the 
mouth, staring with their eyes, wagging their heads and 
hands in such a fashion and deformitie as it was monstrous 
to behold. 

The sixt of August [1607], there died Iohn Asbte, of 
the bloudie Flixe. 

The ninth day, died George Flowre, of the swelling. 

The tenth day, died William Bruster Gentleman, of a 
wound giuen by the Sauages, and was buried the eleuenth 
day. 

The fourteenth day, Ievome Alikock, Ancient [1.e., Ensign], 
died of a wound. The same day, Francis Midwinter {died], 
fand] Edward Moris Corporall died suddenly. 

The fifteenth day, their died Edward Browne and 
Stephen Galthorpe. 

The sixteenth day, their died Thomas Gower Gentleman. 

The seuenteenth day, their died Thomas Mounslc. 

The eighteenth day, there died Robert Pennington, and 
Iohn Martine Gentlemen. 

The nineteenth day, died Drue Piggase Gentleman. 

The two and twentieth day of August [1607], there 
died Captaine Bartholomew Gosnold, one of our Councell: 
he was honourably buried, hauing all the Ordnance in the 
Fort shot off, with many voilies of small shot. 


Death of 
‘aptaine 
Bartholo- 
mew 
Gosnold, 


as ; ° Introducti 
Ixxii A Discourse of the Plantatzon of the E Hon: 6. Perey, 
1607. 


[1607] After Captaine Gosnoljd]s death, the Councell could 
hardly agree by the dissention of Captaine Kendall ; which 
[who] afterwards was committed about hainous matters 
which was proued against him. ; 

The foure and twentieth day, died Edward Harington 
and George Walker ; and were buried the same day. __ 

The sixe and twentieth day, died Kenelme Throgmortine. 

The seuen and twentieth day, died Willcam Roods. 

The eight and twentieth day, died Thomas Stoodie, Cape 
Merchant. 

The fourth day of September [1607], died Thomas Iacob 
Sergeant. 

The fift day, there died Benmtamin Beast. 

Our men were destroyed with cruell diseases, as Swell- 
ings, Flixes, Burning Feuers, and by warres; and some 
departed suddenly: but for the most part, they died of 
meere famine. 


eae There were neuer Englishmen left in a forreigne Countrey 

’ in such miserie as wee were in this new discouered Virginia. 

Wee watched euery three nights, lying on the bare cold 

ground, what weather soeuer came; [and] warded all the 

next day: which brought our men to bee most feeble 

wretches. Our food was but a small Can of Barlie 

sod{den] in water, to flue men a day. Our drinke, cold 

water taken out of the Riuer; which was, at a floud, verie 

salt ; at a low tide, full of slime and filth: which was the 
destruction of many of our men. 

Thus we liued for the space of fiue months [August 
1607-8 Fan. 1608] in this miserable distresse, not hauing 
fiue able men to man our Bulwarkes vpon any occasion. 
If it had not pleased God to haue put a terrour in the 
Sauages hearts, we had all perished by those vild and 
cruell Pagans, being in that weake estate as we were; our 
men night and day groaning in euery corner of the Fort 
most pittifull to heare. If there were any conscience in 
men, it would make their harts to bleed to heare the pitifull 
murmurings and out-cries of our sick men without reliefe, 
euery night and day, for the space of sixe weekes [? 8 Aug.— 
19 Sept. 1607]: some departing out of the World, many 
times three or foure in a night; in the morning, their 


“The Hon. Perey. )Soacherne Colony zn Virginia by the English. Ixxiti 


on. G. Percy. 
2 1607. 


bodies [being] trailed out of their Cabines like Dogges, to 
be buried. In this sort, did I see the mortalitie of diuers 
of our people. 

It pleased God, after a while, to send those people 
which were our mortall enemies, to releeue vs with 
victuals, as Bread, Corne, Fish, and Flesh in great plentie ; 
which was the setting vp of our feeble men: otherwise 
wee had all perished. Also we were frequented by diuers 
Kings in the Countrie, bringing vs store of prouision to our 
great comfort. 

The eleuenth day [of September, 1607], there was certaine 
Articles laid against Master Wingfield which was then 
President: thereupon he was not only displaced out of 
his President ship, but also from being of the Councell. 
Afterwards Captain Iohn Ratcliffe was chosen President. 

The eighteenth day [of September], died one Ellis 
Kinistone, which was starued [frozen] to death with cold. 
The same day at night, died one Richard Simmons. 

The nineteenth day [of September], there died one Thomas 
Mouton. 

William White (hauing liued with the Natiues) reported 
to vs of their customes. In the morning, by breake of day, 
before they eate or drinke, both men, women, and children 
(that be aboue tenne yeares of age), runnes into the water; 
there washes themselues a good while till the Sunne riseth: 
then offer Sacrifice to it, strewing Tobacco on the water or 
Land, honouring the Sunne as their God. Likewise they 
doe at the setting of the *Sunne. 


{1697} 


Gods 
roodnesse 


(A. lxxx.] 


He wasa 
made man. 


* The rest 
is omitted, 
being more 
fully set 
downe in 
Captaine 
Smiths 
Relations. 


Ixxiv 


A Discourse of virginia 
per: Ed: Ma: wingfild. 


This recrimination, which is simply invaluable as regards the early 

history of the James river Settlement, occupies ZA. 382-396 of Vol. 250 

of the Manuscripts at Lambeth Palace Library. It is written bya 

scrivener ; and was intended to be signed by its Author, see next page. 

cae Ixxxii, | WINGFIELD is herein most bitter against Captain ARCHER, who 

xxxviil.] came home with him, in April 1608, in Captain NEWPORT’s ship, 

pp. 105, 408. After ARCHER, he chiefly attacks RATCLIFFE. SMITH 
and MARTIN come in least for his complaints. 

Most important for our present purpose, is the passage at Jf. Ixxxv- 
Ixxxvi, which fixes the extreme dates of SMITH’s absence from James 
town, on his Chickahominy expedition, when he first met POCAHONTAS, 
to be from the roth Dec. 1607 to the morning of the 8th Jan. 1608. 

On the whole, it would seem that while this Apology for his Govern- 
ment of the Colony between the 13th May and the roth September 1607, 
shews that Captain WINGFIELD did not prove himself equal to the 
occasion of that most trying time; yet it is clear that he was an English 
gentleman. 


eet xi] 
Right worshipfull and more worthy 


y due respect to your selves, my allegiance 
(if I may so terme it) to the Virginean 


[1608] 


tacion, thrust a penne into my handes; so 
iealous am I to bee missing to any of them; if it 
wandereth in extravagantes, yet shall they not bee 
idle to those Phisitions, whose loves have vndertaken 
the saftie and advancement of Virginia. 

It is no small comfort that I speake before such 
gravitie, whose iudgement no forrunner can forestall 
with any opprobrious vntruth[s|, whose wisedomes 
can easily disroabe malice out of her painted gar- 
ments from the ever reverenced truth. 

I did so faithfully betroth my best indeavors to 
this noble enterprize, as my carriage might endure 
no suspition: I never turned my face from daunger, 
or hidd my handes from labour, so watchfull a 
Sentinel stood my self to my self. 

I know wel a troope of errors continually beseege 


Pawar A Discourse of Virginta.| 


. Wingfield. 
? 1608. 


mens actions, some of them ceased on by malice, 
some by ignorance. I doo not hoodwinck my 
carriage in my self love, but freely and humblie 
submit it to your grave censures. 

I do freely and truely Anatomize the governement, 
and governours, that your experience may applie 
medicines accordinglie; and vpon the truth of this 
iournall do pledge my faith, and life, and so do rest 

Yours to commaund in all service. 


[No name, This Dedication was evidently 
intended to be signed by the Author.] 


Here followeth what happined in ‘fames Towne, in 
virginia, after Captayne Newports departure 
for Engliund| 


aptayne Newport haueing allwayes his 
eyes and eares open to the proceedinges 
of the Collonye, 3 or 4 dayes before his 
departure, asked the president how he 
thought himself settled in the gouern- 
ment: whose answere was, that no 
disturbance could indaunger him or the 
: Collonye, but it must be wrought eyther 
by Captayne Gosnold, or Master Archer; for the one was 
strong with freindes and followers, and could if he would ; 
and the other was troubled with an ambitious spirit, and 
would if he could. 

The Captayne gave them both knowledg[e] of this, the 
Presidentes opinion; and mooued them, with many in- 
treatyes, to be myndefull of their dutyes to his Majestie 
and the Collonye / 

June, 1607.—The 22th, Captayne Newport retorned for 
England; for whose good passadge, and safe retorne wee 
made many prayers to our allmighty god/ 

June the 25th, an Indian came to vs from the great 
Pcughwaton with the worde of peace; that he desired greatly 
our freindshipp; that the wyrounnces, Paspaheigh and 
Tapahanagh should be our freindes ; that wee should sowe 
and reape in peace, or els he would make warrs vpon them 


Ixxv 


[1608] 


[1607] 


2 ° ; 3 Eth 1 ducti 
Ixxvi [A Discourse of Virginia. “ xt Winged 
I . 


[1607] with vs. This message fell out true; for both those 
wyroaunces haue ever since remayned in peace and trade 
with vs. Wee rewarded the messinger, with many tryfles, 
which were great wonders to him. / : 

This Powatan dwelleth ro myles from vs, vpon the River 
Pamaonche, which lyeth North from vs. The Powatan in , 

[sx] the former iornall mencioned (a dwellar by Captain 

(Smith says Newports faulls) ys a wyroaunce, and vnder this great 

that he was Powaton, which before wee knew not / . 

Chistha»  July.—The 3 of July, 7 or 8 Indians presented the Presi- 

fre real an Gent a dear from Pamaonke, a wyrouance, desiring our | 

eversaw; friendshipp. They enquired after our shipping; which 
wassolate the President said was gon to Croatoon. They feare much 
as abouts our shipps; and therefore he would not haue them thinck 
ausiseo- it farr from us. Their wyrounce had a hatchet sent hym. 

Wingheld They wear well Contented with trifles. A litle after this 

stf-beavil came a Dear to the President from the Great Powatan. 
He and his Messingers wear pleased with the like trifles. 
The President likewise bought diuers tymes dear of the 
Indyans; beavers, and other flesh; which he alwayes 
caused to be equally deuided among the Collonye / 

About this tyme, diuers of our men fell sick. Wee 
myssed aboue fforty before September did see us; amongst 
whom was the worthy and religious gentleman Captain 
Bartholomew Gosnold, vpon whose lief stood a great part 
of the good succes and fortune of our gouernment and 
Collony. In his sicknes tyme, the President did easily 
foretell his owne deposing from his Comaund; so much 
differed the President and the other Councellors in 
mannaging the government of the Collonye/ 

July.—The 7th of July, Tapahanah, a wyroaunce, dweller 
on Salisbery side, hayled vs with the word of peace. ‘The 
President, with a Shallopp well manned, went to him. 
He found him sytting on the ground crossed legged, as is 
theire Custome, with one attending on him, which did often 
saie, “This is the wyroance Tapahanah;” which he did 
likewise confirme with stroaking his brest. He was well 
enough knowne; for the President had sene him diuerse 
tymes before. His Countynance was nothing cherefull; 
for wee had not seen him since he was in the feild against 
vs: but the President would take no knowledg{e] thereof, 


pe Week Al Discourse of Virginia.} 
2 1608. 

and vsed him kindely; giving him a red wali]s[t]coat, which 
he did desire. 

Tapahanah did enquire after our shipping. He receyued 
answer as before. He said his ould store was spent, that 
his new was not at full groath by a foote; that as soone as 
any was ripe, he would bring it; which promise he truly 
performed. 

The... of... Master Kendall was put of from beeing 
of the Counsell, and committed to prison; for that it did 
manyfestly appeare he did practize to sowe discord 
betweene the President and Councell / 

Sicknes had not now left us vj able men in our Towne. 
gods onely mercy did now watch and warde for us: but 
the President hidd this our weakenes carefully from the 
salvages; neuer suffring them, in all his tyme, to come 
into our Towne. 

Septem.—The vjth of September, Paspaheigh sent vs a 
boy that was run from vs. This was the first assurance of 
his peace with vs; besides wee found them no Canyballs. 

The boye obserued the men and women to spend the 
most part of the night in singing or howling, and that euery 
morning the women carryed all the litle children to the 
rivers sides; but what they did there, he ‘did not knowe / 

The rest of the wyroaunces doe likewise send our men 
runnagates, to vs home againe, vsing them well during their 
being with them; so as now, they being well rewarded at 
home at their retorne, they take litle ioye to trauell abroad 
without pasportes / 

The Councell demanded some larger allowance for 
them selues, and for some sick their fauorites ; which the 
President would not yeeld vnto without their warrantes / 

This matter was before propounded by Captain Martyn, 
but so nakedly as that he neyther knew the quantity of 
the stoare to be but for xiij weekes and a half, under the 
Cap Merchaunts hand. He prayed them further to con- 
sider the long tyme before wee expected Captain Newportes 
retorne; the incertainty of his retorne, if God did not 
fauour his voyage; the long tyme before our haruest 
would be ripe; and the doubtfull peace that wee had with 
the Indyans, which they would keepe no longer then 
opertunity served to doe vs mischeif / 


Ixxvii 


[1607] 


Ixxvili 


[1607] 


[A Discourse of Virginia. " at, Wingheld 
1608, 


It was then therefore ordered, that euery meale of fish 
or fleshe should excuse the allowance for poridg, both 
against the sick and hole. 

The Councell, therefore, sitting againe vpon this propo- 
sition, instructed in the former reasons and order, did not 
thinke fit to breake the former order by enlarging their 
allowance, as will appeare by the most voyces reddy to be 
shewed vnder their handes. 

Now was the comon store of oyle, vinigar, sack, and 
aquavite all spent, saueing twoe Gallons of each: the sack 
reserued for the Comunion table, the rest for such ex- 
treamityes as might fall upon us, which the President had 
onely made know(nJe to Captain Gosnold; of which course 
he liked well. The vessells wear therefore boonged vpp. 
When Master Gosnold was dead, the President did acquaint 
the rest of the Counsell with the said remnant: but, Lord, 
how they then longed for to supp vp that litle remnant! 
for they had nowe emptied all their owne bottles, and all 
other that they could smell out / 

A litle while after this, the Councell did againe fall 
vpon the President for some better allowance for them- 
selues, and some few the sick, their privates. The Presi- 
dent protested he would not be partial, but if one had 
any thing of him, euery man should haue his portion 
according to their places. Nevertheles that vpon their 
warrantes, he would deliuer what pleased them to demand. 
Yf the President had at that tyme enlarged the proportion 
according to their request, without doubt, in very short 
tyme, he had starued the whole Company. He would not 
ioyne with them therefore in such an ignorant murder 
without their own warrant / 

The President well seeing to what end their ympacience 
would growe, desired them earnestly and often tymes to 
bestowe the Presidentshipp amonge themselues; that he 
would obey, a private man, as well as they could comand. 
But they refused to discharge him of the place; sayeing 
they mought not doe it, for that hee did his Maiestie good 
service in yt / 

In this meane tyme, the Indians did daily relieue vs 
with corne and fleshe, that, in three weekes, the President 
had reared vpp xx men able to worke; for, as his stoare 


= 


Introduction. 


E. M. Wingfield. A Discourse of Virginia. | 
? 1608. 


‘Increased, he mended the comon pott: hee had laid vp 


besides prouision for 3. weekes, wheate before-hand. 

By this tyme, the Councell had fully plotted to depose 
Wingfeild, the then President; and had drawne certeyne 
Artycles in wrighting amongst themselues, and toke their 
oathes vpon the Evangelistes to obserue them: th’ effect 
whereof was, first / 

To depose the then President 

To make Master Ratcliff the next President 

Not to depose the one th’ other 

Not to take the deposed President into Councell againe 

Not to take Master Avcher into the Councell, or any 
other, without the Consent of euery one of them. To theis 
they had subscribed, as out of their owne mouthes, at 
seuerall tymes, it was easily gathered/ 

Thus had they forsaken his Maiesties government sett 
vs downe in the instruccions, and made it a Triumvirat / 

It seemeth Master Archer was nothing acquainted with 
theis artycles. Though all the rest crept out of his noates 
and Comentaryes that were preferred against the President, 
yet it pleased god to Cast him into the same disgrace and 
pitt that he prepared for another, as will appeere hereafter. 

Septem.—The 10 of September, Master Ratcliff, Master 
Smyth, and Master Martynn, came to the Presidentes Tennt 
with a warrant, subscribed vnder their handes, to depose 
the President; sayeing they thought him very unworthy 
to be eyther President or of the Councell, and therefore 
discharged him of bothe. 

He answered them, that they had eased him of a great 
deale of care and trouble; that, long since, hee had diuers 
tymes profered them the place at an easier rate; and, 
further, that the President ought to be remoued (as ap- 
peereth in his Maiesty’s instruccions for our government) 
by the greater number of xiij voyces, Councellors; that 
they were but three, and therefore wished them to proceede 
advisedly. But they told him, if they did him wrong, they 
must answere it. Then said the deposed President, ‘I 
ame at your pleasure, dispose of me as you will, without 
further garboile.” 

I will now wright what followeth in my owne name, and 
giue the new President his title. I shall be the briefer 


Ixxix 


[1607] 


Ixxx 


{1607} 


[Ap.xor, 411.) 


[A Discourse of Virginia. < a Wingtela | 
a 


being thus discharged. I was comytted to a Serieant, and y 


sent to the Pynnasse; but I was answered with, “ If they 
did me wronge, they must answere it /” 


The rth of September, I was sent for to come before the 
President, and Councell vpon their Court daie. They had 
now made Master Archer, Recorder of Virginia. The Presi- 
dent made a speeche to the Collony, that he thought it fitt 
to acquaint them whie I was deposed. I ame now forced to 
stuff my Paper with frivilous trifles, that our graue and 
worthy Councell may the better strike those vaynes where 
the corrupt blood lyeth, and that they may seein what man- 
ner of government the hope of the Collony now travayleth / 

Ffirst, Master President said that I had denyed him 
a penny whitle, a chickyn, a spoonfull of beere, and 
served him with foule corne; and with that pulled 
some graine out of a bagg, shewing it to the Company / 

Then start vp Master Smyth, and said that I had told 
him playnly how he lied; and that I said, though wee 
were equall heere, yet, if he were in England, he would 
think scorne his man [#.¢., serving man] should be my 
companyon / 

Master Martyn followed with, ‘‘ He reporteth that I 
doe slack the service in the Collonye, and doe nothing 
but tend my pott, spitt, and oven; but he hath starued 
my sonne, and denyed him a spoonefull of beere. Ihaue 
freindes in England shal be revenged on him, if euer he 
come in London. /”’ ; 

I asked master President if I should answere theis Com- 
plaints, and whether he had ought els to charge me withall. 
With that he pulled out a paper booke, loaded full with 
Artycles against me, and gave them Master Archer to reade. 

I tould Master President and the Councell, that, by the 
instruccions for our government, our proceedings ought to 
be verball, and I was there ready to answere; but they 
said they would proceede in that order. I desired a Coppie 
of the Avticles, and tyme giuen me to answere them like- 
wise by wrighting; but that would not be graunted. I 
badd them then please themselues. Master Archer then 
read some of the artycles ; when, on the suddaine, Master 
President said, ‘“‘ Staie, staie! Wee know not whether he 


z. a Wingtels A Discourse of Virginia. | 

_ will abide our Iudgment, or whether he will appeale to the 
King ;” sayeing to me, ‘‘ How saie you: Will you appeale 
to the King, orno?’’ I apprehended presently that gods 
mercy had opened me a waie, through their ignorance, to 
escape their malice; for I never knewe how I might 
demande an appeale: besides, I had secret knowledge how 
th{ely had foretudged me to paie fiue fold for any thing that 
came to my handes, whereof I could not discharge my self by 
wrighting; and that I should lie in prison vntil I had paid it / 

The Cape Marchant had deliuered me our marchandize, 
without any noat of the perticularyties, vnder my hand; 

for himself had receyued them in grosse. I likewise, as 
occation moued me, spent them in Trade or by guift 
amongst the Indians. So likewise did Captain Newport 
take of them, when he went vp to discouer the kinges 
river, what he thought good, without any noate of his 
hand mentioning the certainty; and disposed of them as 
was fitt for him. Of these, likewise, I could make no 
accompt; onely I was well assured I had neuer bestowed 
the valewe of three penny whitles to my own vse, nor to 
the private vse of any other; for I never carryed any 
fauorite over with me, or intertayned any thear. I wasall 
one, and one to all. 

Vpon theis consideracions, I answered Master President 
and the Councell, that his Maiestys handes were full of 
mercy, and that I did appeale to His Maiesties mercy. 
They then comytted me prisoner againe to the master of 
ye pynnasse, with theis words, ‘‘ Looke to him well: he 
is now the kinges prisoner.” 

Then Master Avcher pulled out of his bosome another 
paper book full of Artycles against me, desiring that he 
might reade them in the name of the Collony. I said I 
stood there ready to answere any mans complaintt whome 
I had wronged; but no one man spoke one word against me. 

Then was he willed to reade his booke, whereof I 
complayned; but I was still answered, ‘‘ If they doe me 
wrong, they must answer it.” I haue forgotten the most 
of the Avrtycles, they were so slight (yet he glorieth much 
in his pennworke). I know well the last: and a speeche 
that he then made savoured well of a mutyny; for he 
desired that by no meanes, I might lye prysoner in the 


Ixxxi 


(1607) 


Ixxxii 


(1607) 


(%. lxxiv.] 


[x1 Sept. 
1607, see 
d. Lxxx.) 


[A Discourse of Virginia. E.M.Wi 


1608, 


Towne, least boath he and others of the Collony should not 
giue such obedience to their comaund as they ought to doe: 
which goodly speech of his they easilye swallowed. 

But it was vsuall and naturall to this honest gentleman, 
Master Archer, to be allwayes hatching of some mutany; 
in my tyme, hee might haue appeered an author of 3 
seuerall mutynies. 

And hee (as Master Pearsie sent me worde) had bought 
some witnesses handes against me to diuers artycles, with 
Indian cakes (which was noe great matter to doe after my 
deposall, and considering their hungar) perswations and 
threats. At another tyme, he feared not to saie openly, 
and in the presence of one of the Councell, that, if they 
had not deposed me when they did, he hadd gotten twenty 
others to him self, which should haue deposed me. But 
this speech of his was likewise easily disiested / 

Master Crofies feared not to saie, that, if others would ioyne 
with him, he would pull me out of my seate, and out of 
my skynn too. Others would saie (whose names I spare), 
that, vnless I would amend their allowance, they would 
be their owne caruers. For these mutinus speeches I 
rebuked them openly, and proceeded no further against 
them, considering therein of mens liues in the kinges 
service there. One of the Councell was very earnest with 
me to take a guard aboute me. I answered him, I would 
no guard but gods love and my own innocencie. In all 
theis disorders was Master Archer a ringleader. 

When Master President and Master Archer had made an 
end of their Avtycles aboue mentioned, I was again sent 
prisoner to the Pynnasse; and Master Kendall, takeinge 
from thence, had his liberty, but might not carry armes/ 


All this while, the Salvages brought to the Towne such 
Corne and flesh as they could spare. Paspaheighe, by 
Tapahanne’s mediation, was taken into friendshipp with 
vs. The Councillors, Master Smyth especially, traded vp 
and downe the river with the Indyans for corne; which 
releued the Collony well. 

As I understand by report, 1 am much charged with 
staruing the Collony. I did allwayes giue euery man his 
allowance faithfully, both of corne, oyle, aquivite, &c., as 


RM waa A Discourse of Virginia. | 


7 1608. 

_ was by the Counsell proportioned: neyther was it bettered 
after my tyme, untill, towards th’ end of March [1608], a 
Bisket was allowed to euery workeing man for his breakefast, 
by meanes of the prouision brought vs by Captain Newport ; 
as will appeare hereafter. It is further said, I did much 
banquit and ryot. I never had but one Squirell roasted ; 
whereof I gaue part to Master Ratcliff then sick: yet was 
that Squirell given me. I did never heate a flesh pott but 
when the comon pot was so used likewise. Yet how often 
Master Presidentes andthe Councellors spittes haue night 
and day bene endaungered to break their backes,—so laden 
with swanns, geese, duckes, &c. how many times their 
flesh pottes haue swelled, many hungry eies did behold to 
their great longing. And what great Theeues and theeving 
thear hath been in the Comon stoare since my tyme, I 
doubt not but is already made knowne to his Maiesties 
Councell for Virginia. 

The 17th daie of September, I was sent for to the Court 
to answere a Complaint exhibited against me by Fehu 
Robinson; for that, when I was president, I did saie, hee 
with others had consented to run awaye with the Shallop 
to Newfoundland. At an other tyme, I must answere 
Master Smyth for that I had said hee did conceale an 
intended mutany. I tould Master Recorder, those wordes 
would beare no actions; that one of the Causes was done 
without the lymits mencioned in the Patent graunted to 
vs; and therefore prayed Master President that I mought 
not be thus lugged with theis disgraces and troubles: but 
hee did weare no other eis or eares than grew on Master 
Archeres head. 

The Iury gaue the one of them [#.e., Robinson] 1oolt and 
the other [7.¢., Smith, see p.389] twoo hundred pound damages 
for slaunder. Then Master Recorder did very learnedly 
comfort me, that, if I had wrong, I might bring my writ of 
error in London; whereat I smiled. 

I, seeing their law so speedie and cheape, desired iustice 
for a copper kettle which Master Crofte did deteyne from 
me. Hee said I had giuenit him. I did bid him bring 
his proofe for that. Hee confessed hee had no proofe. 
Then Master President did aske me if I would be sworne 
I did not giue it him. I said I knew no cause whie to 


Ixxxiii 


(1607; 


Ixxxiv 


[1607] 


(A. 12.) 


. SF Introducti 
[A Discourse of Virginia. E. M. Wingfield. 
I 


sweare for myne owne. He asked Master Croftes if hee 
would make oath, I did give it him; which oathe he tooke, 
and wann my kettle from me, that was in that place and 
tyme, worth half his waight in gold. Yet I did understand 
afterwards that he would haue given Fohn Capper the one 
half of the kettle to haue taken the oath for him; but hee 
would [have] no copper on that price. 

I tould Master President I had not known the like lawe, 
and prayed they would be more sparing of law vntill wee had 
more witt or wealthe; that lawes were good spies in a popu- 
lous, peaceable, and plentifull country, whear they did make 
the good men better, and stayed the badd from being worse; 
yet wee weare so poore as they did but rob us of tyme that 
might be better ymployed in service in the Collonye. 

The... daie of ...the President did beat Fames 
Read, the Smyth. The Smythe stroake him againe. For 
this he was condempned to be hanged ; but, before he was 
turned of[f] the lather, he desired to speak with the President 
in private, to whome he accused Master Kendall of a mutiny, 
and so escaped himself. What indictment Master Recorder 
framed against the Smyth, I knowe not; but I knowe it is 
familiar for the President, Counsellors, and other officers, 
to beate men at their pleasures. One lyeth sick till death, 
another walketh lame, the third cryeth out of all his 
boanes; which myseryes they doe take vpon their con- 
sciences to come to them by this their Almes of beating. 
Wear this whipping, lawing, beating, and hanging, in Vir- 
ginia, knowne in England, I fear it would driue many well 
affected myndes from this honourable action of Virginia. 

This Smyth comyng aboord the Pynnasse, with some 
others, aboute some busines, 2 or 3 dayes before his 
arraignement, brought me Comendacions from Master 
Pearsye, Master Waller, Master Kendall, and some others, 
saieing they would be glad to see me on shoare. I 
answered him, they were honest gentlemen, and had 
carryed themselues very obediently to their gouernors. I 
prayed god that they did not thinck of any ill thing 
vnworthie themselues. I added further, that vpon Sundaie 
if the weathiar were faire, I would be at the sermon. 
Lastly, I said that I was so sickly, starued, lame, and did 
lye so could and wett in the Pynnasse, as I would be 


EM Wing A Discourse of Virginia. | 
dragged thithere before I would goe thither any more. 
Sundaie proued not faire: I went not to the Sermon / 

The... daieof..., Master Kendallwasexecuted ; being 
shott to death fora mutiny. In th’ arrest of his iudgment, 
he alleaged to Master President yat his name was Sickle- 
more, not Ratcliff; and so had no authority to pronounce 
Iudgment. Then Master Martyn pronounced Iudgment. 

Somewhat before this tyme, the President and Councell 
had sent for the keyes of my Coffers, supposing that I had 
some wrightings concerning the Collony. I requested 
that the Clearke of the Councell might see what they 
tooke out of my Coffers; but they would not suffer him or 
any other. Vnder cullor heereof, they took my books of 
Accompt, and all my noates that concerned the expences 
of the Collony, and instructions vnder the Cape Marchantes 
hande of the stoare of prouision, diuers other bookes and 
trifles of my owne proper goods, which I could neuer 
recouer. Thus was I made good prise on all sides. 

The ... daie of. . ., the President comaunded me to 
come on shore; which I refused, as not rightfully deposed, 
and desired that I mought speake to him and the Councell 
in the presence of 10 of the best sorte of the gentlemen. 
With much intreaty, some of them wear sent for. Then 
I tould them, I was determined to goe into England to 
acquaint our Councell there with our weaknes. I said 
further, their lawes and government was such as I had no 
ioye to liue under them any longer; that I did much 
myslike their triumverat, haueing forsaken his Maiesties 
instruccions for our government, and therefore praied there 
might be more made of the Councell. I said further, I 
desired not to goe into England, if eyther Master President 
or Master Archery would goe, but was willing to take my 
fortune with the Collony; and did also proffer to furnish 
them with 100 towards the fetching home [of] the 
Collonye, if the action was given ouer. 

They did like of none of my proffers, but made diuers 
shott att mee inthe Pynnasse. I, seeing their resolucions, 
went ashoare to them; whear, after I had staied a while 
in conference, they sent me to the Pynnasse againe. 

Decem.—The roth of December, Master Smyth went vp 
the Ryuer of the Chechohomynies to trade for corne. He 
was desirous to see the heade of that riuer; and, when it 


Ixxxy 


[1607] 


Ixxxvi 


[A Discourse of Virginia. e a Winged 
E 7 1608. 


[1607-8] was not passible with the Shallop, he hired a Cannow and 


Uf%. xliii, 


Ixxvi, 53x.] 


[. Lxxix.] 


an Indian to carry him vp further. The river the higher 
grew worse and worse. Then hee went on shoare with 
his guide, and left Robinson and Emmery, twoe of our men, 
in the cannow; which were presently slayne by the 
Indians, Pamaonkes men, and hee himself taken prysoner, 
and, by the meanes of his guide, his lief was saved; and 
Pamaonche, haueing him prisoner, Carryed him to his 
neybors wyroances to see if any of them knew him for one 
of those which had bene some twoe or three yeeres before 
vs, in a River amongst them Northward, and taken awaie 
some Indians from them by force. At last he brought him to 
the great Powaton (of whome before wee had no knowledg), 
whosent him home to our Towne the viijth of January [1608]. 

During Master Smythes absence, the President did swear 
Master Archer one of the Councell, contrary to his oath taken 
in the Artycles agreed vpon betweene themselues (before 
spoken of),and contrary tothe Kinges instruccions, and with- 
out Master Martyns consent; whereas there weare no more 
but the President and Master Martyn then of the Councell / 

Master Archer, being settled in his authority, sought 
how to call Master Smyths lief in question, and had 
indited him vpon a Chapter in Lewiticus for the death of 
his twoe men. Hee had had his tryall the same daie of 
his retorne, and, I believe, his hanging the same, or the 
next daie, so speedie is our lawe thear: but it pleased 
god to send Captain Newport vnto us the same eevening, 
to our vnspeakable comfortes; whose arryuall saued Master 
Smyths leif and mine, because hee took me out of the 
pynnasse, an[d] gaue me leave to lyein the Towne. Also 
by his comyng was prevented a Parliament, which ye 
newe Counsailour, Master Recorder, intended thear to 
summon. Thus error begot error / 

Captayne Newport haueing landed, lodged and refreshed 
his men, ymploied some of them about a faire stoare house, 
others about a stove, and his Maryners aboute a Church; 
all which workes they finished cherefully and in short tyme / 

January.—The 7 [? 17] of January [1608], our towne was 
almost quite burnt, with all our apparell and prouision; but 
Captain Newport healed our wants, to our great comforts, 
out of the great plenty sent vs by the prouident and loving 
care of our worthie, and most worthie Councell. 


Introduction. 


“BM Winetiold. A Discourse of Virginia. | 
2 1608. 


This Vigilant Captayne, slacking no oportunity that 
might advaunce the prosperity of the Collony, haueing 
setled the Company vppon the former workes, took Master 
Smyth and Master Scrivener (an other Councellor of Virginia, 
_vpon whose discretion liveth a great hope of the action), 
went to discouer the River Pamaonche, on the further side 
whearof dwelleth the Great Powaton, and to trade with 
him for Corne. This River lyth North from vs, and 
runneth East and West. I haue nothing but by relation 
of that matter, and therefore dare not make any discourse 
_thereof, lest I mought wrong the great desart which 
Captain Newportes loue to the action hath deserued ; 
especially himself being present, and best able to giue 
satisfaccion thereof. I will hasten therefore to his retorne. 

March.—The goth of Marche, he retorned to Fames Towne 
with his Pynnasse well loaden with corne, wheat, beanes, 
and pease, to our great comfort and his worthi com- 
mendacions / 

By this tyme, the Counsell and Captayne haueing 
intentiuely looked into the Carryadge both of the Coun- 
cellors and other officers, remoued some officers out of 
the stoare; and Captain Archer, a Councellor, whose 
insolency did looke vpon that litle himself with great 
sighted spectacles, derrogating from others merrites by 
spueing out his venemous libells, and infamous chronicles 
vpon them, as doth appeere in his owne hand wrighting ; 
ffor which, and other worse trickes, he had not escaped ye 
halter, but that Captain Newport interposed his advice to 
the Contrarye / 

Aprill.—Captayne Newport, haueing now dispatched all 
his busines and set the Clocke in a true course (if so the 
Councell will keep it), prepared himself for England vpon 
the xth of Aprill, and arryued at Blackwall on sunday, the 
xxjth of Maye, 1608. 


PINTS. 


humbly craue some patience to answere many 
scandalus imputacions which malice, more than 
ye malice, hath scattered vpon my name, and those 

éSS frivolous greevances obiected against me by 


Ixxxvii 


(1608) 


[ 2. laxiv.) 


ese . 2,5 pate Introducti n. 
Ixxxviii [A Discourse of Virginia. E. M. Wingfield, 
1 1608. 


(1608] the President and Councell; and though mil conscire sibi 
be the onely maske that can well couer my blushes, yett 
doe I not doubt but this my Appologie shall easily wipe 
them awaie. 

It is noysed that I combyned with the Spanmiards to 
the distruccion of the Collony: That I ame an Atheist, 
because I carryed not a Bible with me, and because I did 
forbid the preacher to preache: that I affected a King- 
dome; That I did hide of thecomonprouision intheground. / 

I confesse I haue alwayes admyred any noble vertue 
and prowesse, as well in the Spanniards (as in other 
Nations); but naturally I haue alwayes distrusted and 
disliked their neighborhoode. 

I sorted many bookes in my house, to be sent vp to me 
at my goeing to Virginia; amongst them a Bible. They 
were sent me vp in a Trunck to London, with diuers 
fruite, conserues, and preserues, which I did sett in Master 
Crofte his house in Ratcliff. In my beeing at Virginia, 
I did vnderstand my trunck was thear broken vp, much 
lost, my sweetmeates eaten at his Table, some of my bookes 
which I missid to be seene in his handes; and whether 
amongst them my Bzble was so ymbeasiled or mislayed by 
my seruantes, and not sent me, I knowe not as yet. 

Two or three sundayes morninges, the Indians gaue 
vs allarums at our towne. By that tymes they weare 
answered, the place about us well discouered,and our devyne 
service ended, the daie was farr spent. The preacher 
[R. Hunt] did aske me if it weare my pleasure to haue a 
sermon: hee said hee was prepared for it. I made 
answere, that our men were weary and hungry, and that 
he did see the tyme of the daie farr past (for at other 
tymes hee neuer made such question, but the service 
finished, he began his sermon) ; and that if it pleased him, 
wee would spare him till some other tyme. I never failed 
to take such noates by wrighting out of his doctrine as 
my capacity could comprehend, vnless some raynie day 
hindred my indeauour. 

My mynde never swelled with such ympossible mounte- 
bank humors as could make me affect any other Kingdome 
then the kingdom of heaven / 


As truly as god liueth, I gaue an ould man, then the 


E. a Wingteld A Discourse of Virginia.] 
keeper of the private stoure, 2 glasses with sallet oyle 
which I brought with me out of England for my private 
stoare, and willed him to bury it in the ground, for that I 
feared the great heate would spoile it. Whatsoeuer was 
more, I did never consent vnto or knewe of it; and as 
truly was it protested vnto me, that all the remaynder 
before mencioned of the oyle, wyne, &c., which the 
President receyued of me when I was deposed, theye 
themselues poored into their owne bellyes. 

To the Presidentes and Councelles obiections I saie, that 
I doe knowe Curtesey and Civility became a governor. No 
penny whitle was asked me, but a kniffe, whereof I had 
none to spare. The Indyans had long before stoallen my 
knife. Of chickins I never did eat but one, and that in 
my sicknes. Master Ratcliff had before that time tasted 
of 4or5. I had by my owne huswiferie bred aboue 37, 
and the most part of them of my owne poultrye; of all 
which, at my comyng awaie, I did not see three liueing. 
I never denyed him (or any other) beare, when I had it. 
The corne was of the same which wee all liued vpon. 

Master Smyth, in. the tyme of our hungar, had spred a 
rumor in the Collony, that I did feast myself and my 
seruantes out of the ‘comon stoare, with entent (as I 
gathered) to haue stirred the discontented company 
against me. I tould him privately, in Master Gosnolds 
tent, that indeede I had caused half a pinte of pease to be 
sodden with a peese of pork, of my owne prouision, for a 
poore old man, which in a sicknes (whereof he died) he 
much desired ; and said, that if out of his malice he had 
given it out otherwise, that hee did tell a lye. It was 
proued to his face, that he begged in Iveland like a rogue, 
without a lycence. To such I would not my name should 
be a Companyon. 

Master Martins payns, during my comaund, never 
stirred out of our towne tenn scoare; and how slack hee 
was in his watching and other dutyes, it is too well 
knowne. I never defrauded his sonne of any thing of his 
own allowance, but gaue him aboue it. I believe their 
disdainefull vsage and threats, which they many tymes 
gaue me, would have pulled some distempered speeches 
out of farr greater Pacyence than myne. Yet shall not 


h 


Ixxxix 


[1608] 


[ Ap. 107, 


41I.] 


xc 


[1608] 


[p- Ixvi.] 


- . * ° Introduction. 
[A Discourse of Virgrnza. E. M_ Wingfield. 


1608. 
any revenging humor in me befoule my penn with their 
base names and liues here and there. I did visit Master 
Pearsie, Master Hunt, Master Brewster, Master Pickasse, 
Master Allicock, ould Short the bricklayer, and diuerse 
others, at seuerall tymes. I never miskalled at a gentle- 
man at any time/ 

Concerning my deposing from my place, I can well proue 
that Master Ratcliff said, if I had vsed him well in his 
sicknes (wherein I find not myself guilty of the contrary), 
I had never bene deposed. 

Master Smyth said, if it had not bene for Master Archer, 
I hadd never bene deposed. Since his being here in the 
Towne, he hath said that he tould the President and 
Councell that they were frivolous obiections they had 
collected against me, and that they had not doone well to 
depose me. Yet, in my conscience, I doe believe him [Smith] 
the first and onely practizer in theis practisses. 

Master Avchers quarrell to me was, because hee had not 
the choise of the place for our plantation; because I 
misliked his leying out of our towne, in the pinnasse; 
because I would not sware him of the Councell for Virginia, 
which neyther I could doe or he deserve. 

Master Smyths quarrell, because his name was mencioned 
in the entended and confessed mutiny by Galthropp. 

Thomas Wootton the Surieon, because I would not 
subscribe to a Warrant (which he had gotten drawne) to 
the Treasurer of Virginia, to deliuer him mony to furnish 
him with drugges and other necessaryes; and because I 
disallowed his living in the pinnasse, haueing many of our 
men lyeing sick and wounded in our Towne, to whose 
dressings by that meanes he slacked his attendance. 

Of the same men, also, Captain Gosnold gaue me 
warning, misliking much their dispositions, and assured 
me they would lay hold of me if they could; and perad- 
venture many, because I held them to watching, warding, 
and workeing ; and the Collony generally, because I would 
not giue my consent to starue them. I cannot rack one 
word or thought from myself, touching my Carryadg in 
Virginia, other than is herein set down. 

If I may now, at the last, presume vpon your favours, I 
am an honourable suitor that your owne loue of truth will 


s 


Be A Discourse of Virginia. | 
7 1608. 


vouchsafe to releave me from all false aspertions happining 
since I embarked me into this affaire of Virginia. Formy 
first worke (which was to make a right choise of a spirituall 
Pastor), I appeale to the remembraunce of my Lord of 
Caunterbury his grace, who gaue me very gracious 
audience in my request. And the world knoweth whome 
I took with me [R. Hunt]: truly, in my opinion, a man not 
any waie to be touched with the rebellious humors of a 
popish spirit, nor blemished with ye least suspition of a 
factious scismatick, whereof I had a speciall care. 

For other obiections, if your worthie selues be pleased 
to set me free, I haue learned to despise ye popular 
verdict of ye vulgar. I ever chered up myself with a 
confidence in ye wisdome of graue, iudicious Senatours ; 
and was never dismayed, in all my service, by any syn- 
ister event: though I bethought me of ye hard begin- 
ninges, which, in former ages, betided those worthy 
Spirites that planted the greatest monarchies in Asia 
and Europe; wherein I obserued rather ye troubles of 
Moses and Avon, with other of like history, then that 
venom in the mutinous brood of Cadmus, or that harmony 
in ye swete consent of Amphion. And when, with ye 
former, I had considered that even the betheren, at their 
plantacion of the Romaine Empire, were not free from 
mortall hatred and intestine garboile, likewise that both 
ye Spanish and English Records are guilty of like factions, 
it made me more vigilant in the avoyding thereof: and I 
protest, my greatest contencion was to prevent contencion, 
and my chiefest endeavour to preserue the liues of others, 
though with ye great hazard of my own; for I neuer desired 
to enamell my name with bloude. 

I reioice that my trauells and daungers haue done 
somewhat for the behoof of Ferusalem in Virgima. If it 
be obiected as my ouersight to put my self amongst such 
men, I can saie for myself, thear wear not any other for 
our consort; and I could not forsake ye enterprise of 
opening so glorious a Kingdom vnto ye King, wherein I 
shall ever be most ready to bestow ye poore remainder of my 
dayes, as in any other his heighnes’ dissignes, according 
to my bounden duty, with ye vtmost of my poore Tallent. 


xcl 


[1608\ 


(A. 958-] 


xcli 


Joun CYA IS E RL AIL ie 


Letter to DupLtEY CARLETON. 


7 Ffuly 1608. 


(State Papers, Domestic. Fames 1. (1608) Vol. 35, No. 13.) 
[Extract.] 


(1608) mR,—I cannot but commend your 
memorie that, etc. 

Here is a ship [the Phoenix under 
Captain Nelson] newly come from wir- 
gima that hath ben long missing, she 
went out the last yeare in consort 
with Captain Newport, and after much 
wandering found the port three or 

OUR days after his departure for England, I heare not of 
any nouelties or other commodities she hath brought more 
then sweet woode. 

Sir Horace Vere, etc. 

From London this 7th of July 1608. 


Yours most assuredly 
JOHN CHAMBERLAIN. 
[Addressed] To my assured goode frend 


Master DUDLEY CARLETON 
geue these at Eaton. 


XCill 


Joun CHAMBERLAIN, 


Letter to DuvptEV CARLETON. 


23 fanuary 1609. 


{State Papers, Domestic. James 1. (1609) Vol. 43, No. 39.) 
[Extract.] 


1R,—You had heard from me on friday, etc. [1609] 
f The least of our East Indian ships 
called the pinnesse is arrived at Dart- 
mouth with a roo tunne of cloues, 
without seeing or hearing any thing of 
her consorts since they parted from the 
’ coast of England. 
= Here is likewise a ship newly come 

from Virginia [under Captain Newport, see p. 128] with 
some petty commodities and hope of more, as divers sorts 
of woode for wainscot and other vses, sope ashes, some 
pitch and tarre, certain unknowne kindes of herbs for dieng, 
not without suspicion (as they terme yt) of Cuchenilla. 

I must recall, etc. 

From London this 23th of January 1608{-9]. 


Yours most assuredly 


JOHN CHAMBERLAIN. 
[Addressed] To my assured goode frend 


Mastery DUDLEY CARLETON, 
geue these at Eton, 


(1609) 


[These side- 
nigel Bly. by 
probably 
Rev. S. 
Purchas.] 
The 


appointed 
Course. 


XCiV 


Captain GABRT2L ARCHER. 


Letter from Fames Town. 
31 August 1609. 


(Purcuas. Pilgrims. iv. 1733. Ed. 1625.] 


A Letter of Mastery GABRIEL ARCHAR, touching the 
Voyage of the Fleet of Ships, which arriued at Virginia, 
without Sir THOMAS GATES and Siy GEORGE 
SVMMERS, 1609. 


Rom Woolwich the fifteenth of May, 1609, 
seuen saile weyed anchor; and came to 
Plimmouth the twentieth day, where Sir 
George Somers, with two small Vessels, 
consorted with vs. Here we tooke into 
the Blessing (being the ship wherein I 
went) sixe Mares and two Horses; and 
the Fleet layed in some necessaries 

belonging to the action: in which businesse we spent 

time till the second of Iune. And then wee set sayle to 

Sea, but crost by South-west windes, we put in to Faule- 

mouth, and there staying till the eight of Iune, we then 

gate out. 

Our Course was commanded to leaue the Canaries one 
hundred leagues to the Eastward at least, and to steere 
away directly for Virginia, without touching at the West 
Indies, except the Fleet should chance to be separated, 
then they were to repaire to the Bermuda, there to sta 
seuen dayes in expectation of the Admiral [flag ship]; 
and if they found him not, then to take their course to 
Virginia. 


Introduction. 


Capt. G-Archer, Letler announcing arrival of Third Supply.| xcv 


31 Aug. 1609. 

Now thus it happened; about sixe dayes after [about 14 
Funz| we lost the sight of England, one of Sir George 
Somers Pinnasses left our company, and (as I take it) 
bare vp for England; the rest of the ships, viz. The Sea 
Aduenture Admirall, wherein was Sir Thomas Gates, Sir 
George Somer, and Captaine Newport: The Diamond Vice- 
admirall, wherein was Captaine Ratcliffe, and Captaine 
King. The Falcon Reare-admirall, in which was Captaine 
Martin, and Master Nellson: The Blessing, wherein I and 
Captaine Adams went: The Vuitie, wherein Captaine 
Wood, and Master Pett were. The Lion, wherein Captaine 
Webb remained: And the Swallow of Sir George Somers, in 
which Captaine Moone, and Master Somer went. In the 
Catch went one Matthew Fitch Master: and in the Boat 
of Sir George Somers, called the Virginia, which was built 
in the North Colony, went one Captaine Davies, and one 
Master Davies. ‘These were the Captaines and Masters 
of our Fleet. 

We ran a Southerly course from the Tropicke of Cancer, 
where hauing the Sun within sixe or seuen degrees right 
ouer our head in Iluly, we bore away West; so that by 
the feruent heat and loomes breezes, many of our men fell 
sicke of the Calenture, and out of two ships was throwne 
ouer-board thirtie two persons. The Vice-admiral was 
said to haue the plague in her; but in the Blessing we 
had not any sicke, albeit we had twenty women and 
children. 

Vpon Saint Tames day [25 Fuly}, being about one 
hundred and fiftie leagues distant from the West Indies, 
in crossing the Gulf of Bahoma, there hapned a most 
terrible and vehement storme, which was a taile of the 
West Indian Horacono; this tempest seperated all our 
Fleet one from another; and it was so violent that men 
could scarce stand vpon the Deckes, neither could any 
man heare another speake. Being thus diuided, euery 
man steered his owne course; and as it fell out, about 
fiue or sixe days [2 or 3 August] after the storme ceased 
(which endure[d] fortie foure houres in extremitie [25-27 
Fuly)), the Lion first, and after the Falcon and the Vuitie, 
got sight of our Shippe, and so we lay away directly for 
Virgina, finding neither current nor winde opposite, as some 


[1609] 


The Ships, 
and chiefe 
men in the 
Fleet. 


Sicknesse 
and mor- 
talitie at 

Sea. 


‘Terrible 
tempest. 


Note. False 
rumors 
chargeable. 


xcvi [Letter announcing arrival of T: hird Supply. caper 


[1609] 


Arriuall in 
Virginia. 


State of the 
Colony. 


31 Aug. 1609. 
haue reported, to the great charge of our Counsell and 
Aduenturers. 

The Vnity was sore distressed when she came vp with 
vs, for of seuenty landmen, she had not ten sound; and 
all her Sea men were downe but onely the Master and his 
Boy with one poore sailer: but we relieued them. And 
we foure consorting, fell into the Kings Riuer [7.e., Fames 
yiver] haply the eleuenth of August. In the Vmity were 
borne two children at Sea, but both died: being both Boyes. 

When wee came to James Towne, we found a Ship 
which had bin there in the Riuer a moneth before we 
came [1.c., about 10 Fuly]. This was sent out of England 
by our Counsels leaue and authority, to fish for Sturgeon; 
and to goe the ready way, without tracing through the 
Torrid Zoan, and shee performed it: her Commander was 
Captaine Argoll (a good Marriner, and a very ciuill 
Gentleman) and her Master one Robert Tindall (pp. 
XXXVili, xli]. 

The people of our Colonie were found all in health (for 
the most part). Howbeit when Captaine Argoll came in, 
they were in such distresse, for many were dispersed in 
the Sauages townes, liuing vpon their almes for an ounce 
of Copper a day; and fourescore liued twenty miles from 
the Fort and fed vpon nothing but Oysters eight weekes 


[4.155472] Space, hauing no other allowance at all: neither were the 


Idlenesse 
and other 
vices to 
blame also. 


people of the Country able to relieue them if they would. 
Whereupon Captaine Newport and others haue beene 
much to blame to informe the Counsell of such plenty of 
victuall in this Country, by which meanes they haue beene 
slacke in this supply to giue conuenient content. Vpon 
this, you that be aduenturers, must pardon vs, if you finde 
not returne of Commodity so ample as you may expect, 
because the law of nature bids vs seeke sustenance first, 
and then to labour to content you afterwards. But vpon 
this point I shall be more large in my next Letter. 

After our foure Ships had bin in harbour a fewe dayes, 
came in [15 Aug] the Viceadmirall, hauing cut her 
maine Mast ouer boord, and had many of her men very 
sicke and weake; but she could tell no newes of our 
Gouernour: and some three or foure dayes after her 


{18 Aug.], came in the Swallow, with ber maine Mast 


Cape G Archer, Letter announcing arrival of Third Supply. | xcvii 


13 Aug. 1609. 


ouerboord also; and had a shrewd leake, neither did she 
see our Admirall. 

Now did we all lament the absence of our Gouernour, 
for contentions began to grow, and factions, and par- 
takings, &c. Insomuch as the President [Captain Smith], 
to strengthen his authority, accorded with the Mariners, 
and gaue not any due respect to many worthy Gentlemen 
that came in our Ships: whereupon they generally 
(hauing also my consent) chose Master West, my Lord 
de la War|re)s brother, to be their Gouernour, or president 
de bene esse, in the absence of Sir Thomas Gates, or if he 
miscarried by Sea, then to continue till we heard newes 
from our Counsell in England. ‘This choice of him they 
made not to disturbe the old President during his time 
{Captain Smith’s year of office would have expired in a few 
days after the writing of this letter, viz., 10 Sept. 1609 : but he 
had already during this month of August once given up the 
Presidency to Captain Martin, who resigned it back to him 
again; sce pp. 162,481]: but as his authority expired, then 
to take vpon him the sole goue[r]nment, with such assis- 
tants of the Captaines, as discreetest persons as the 
Colonie afforded. 

Perhaps you shall haue it blazoned a mutenie by such 
as retaine old malice; but Master West, Master Percze, 
and all the respected Gentlemen of worth in Virginia, 
can and will testifie otherwise vpon their oathes. For 
the Kings Patent we ratified, but refused to be gouerned 
by the President that now is, after his time was expired ; 
and onely subjected our selues to Master West, whom 
we labour to haue next President. 

I cannot certifie you of much more as yet, vntill we 
grow to some certaine stay in this our state; but by the 
other Ships you shall know more. So with my harty 
commendations I cease. 

From James Towne this last of August 1609. 


CA 


[1609/ 


Some 
things, 
partly false 
rumours, 
partly 
factious 
sugges- 
tions, aie 
here left 
out. 

They 
choose a 
new 
Governor, 


fine tlle 
lachryme. 
Hence from 
the male- 
contents 
which had 
beene 

in Virginia 
before (ene- 
mies to the 
President), 
raising now 
ill reports 
at their 
comming, of 
him, arose 
these stirs 
and the 
following 
miseries in 
which this 
Author 
[Captain 
Gabriel 
Archer) 
with almost 
the whole 
Colony 
perished. 


[1609] 


XcVili 


Captain JouNn RaTCLIFFE 


alias SICKELMORE. 


Letter to the Earl of SALISBURY. 
4 October 1609. 


This letter is written in a scrivener’s hand, and is merely signed by 
the Writer. 


[State Papers, Colonial. (1574-1621.) Vol. I. No. 19.J 


»Ight Honorable, accordinge to your gratious 
fauour being bound I am bold to write the 
truth of some late accidentes, be falne his Maies- 
CS ties Virginia collonye. 


Newport and 180 persons or ther about, are not yet arrived 
and we much feare they are lost, and alsoe a small pinish. 
The other shipps came all in but not together; We were 
thus seperated by a storme; two shipps had great loss 
of men by the calenture; and most of them all much 
weatherbeaten. At our arrivall we found an English 
shipp, riding at Fames towne and Captaine Argoll hir 
commaunder. 

We heard that all the Counsell were dead but Captaine 
Smith the President, who reigned sole governer without 
assistantes and would at first admitt of no councell but 


(49. x67, 486) himselfe. This man is sent home to answere some mis- 


deameanors, whereof I perswade me he can scarcely clear 
him selfe from great imputation of blame. 

Master George Pearcye my Lord of Northumberlands 
brother is elected our President, and Master West my 
Lord /a wars brother, of the councell, with me and Captaine 
Martine; and some few of the best and worthyest that 


Sir Thomas Gates, and Sir George Summers Captaine. 


tte 


Capt: | meek” Letter to the Earl of Salisbury. | 
4 Oct. 1609. 

inhabite at Fames towne are assistantes in ther advise 

vnto vs. 

Thus haue we planted 100 men at the falls, and some 
others vpon a champion, the President is at Fames towne, 
and I am raysing a fortification vpon point Comfort, alsoe 
we haue been bold to make stay of a small shipp for 
discouerye and to procure vs victalls, wherof we haue 
exceedinge much need for the country people set no more 
then sufficeth each familye a yeare, and the wood is yet so 
thice, as the labour to prepare so much ground as would 
be to any purpose is more then we can afford, our number 
being soe necessarylie dispersed: soe that if I might be 
held worthye to advise the directors of this busines: I 
hold it fitt that ther should be a sufficient supply of 
victualls for one yeare, and then to be sparinge, it would 
less hinder the collonye. 

Thus fearinge to be too offensive in a tedious boldnes, 
I cease wishinge all hapines to your Honnor, yea wear it 
in the expense of my life and bloud. 

ffrom Fames towne this 4th of October, 1609. 


Your Honnors in all obedience and most 


humble dutye. 
[Signed] JOHN RADCLYEFFE./S Comenly Called. 


[Addressed | To the Right Honorable the Earle of Salis- 
burye Lord high Treasurer of England 
deliwer these. 


[lower down] from Virginia. 


[Endorsed] 1609 


Chet erels 


4. 
Captaine Fohn Radcliff 
to my Lord from Virginia. 


XCiX 


[1609] 


{1609} 


[A. cvi. 59, 
355:] 


Henry, Earl of SouTHAMPTON. 


Letter to the Earl of SALISBURY. 
15 December 1609. 


[State Papers, Domestic. James I. (1609) Vol. 50, No. 65.] 
[Extract.] 


My LORD: 


Ppon Wedensday morninge [13 Dec.] I 
went to Newmarkett and before the Kinge 
went to dinner I deliuered vnto him what 
I receaued from your Lordship concern- 
inge, etc. 

And thus wishinge a longe contine- 
wance of your lordships happy fortune 
I rest 

Your lordships most assuredly 

to doo you service 
H. SOUTHAMPTON. 


The 15 of December [which, in 1609, was a Friday]. 


Talkinge with the King [2.e., on Wednesday, 13 Dec.] by 
chance I tould him of the Virginia squirills which they 
say will fly, wherof there are now diuers brought into 
England [evidently in the ship or ships which brought Captain 
John Smith to England], and hee presently and very 
earnestly asked mee if none of them was provided for him 
and whether your Lordship had none for him, sayinge that 
hee was sure you would gett him one of them. I would 
not have trobled you with this but that you know so well 
how hee is affected to these toyes, and with a little enquiry 
of any of your folkes you may furnish your self to present 
him att his comminge to London which will not bee before 
wensday next: the monday before to Theobal(d]s and the 
saterday before that to Royston. 


Fl EN Ro¥il SP Ri boMoAoNa 
Relation of V. ir gined. 


This piece in broken English is a most important contribution to 
the history of the first colony on the James river, inasmuch as it is the 
only Eye-witness account, #. civ, of the massacre of Captain RATCLIFFE 
and his company by POWHATAN ; about Noy. 1609, #. ciii, or the 
beginning of the Starving Time of 1609-10, p. 498. 

SPELMAN was rescued by Captain ARGALL in Sept. 1610, J. 503: 


but this narrative was evidently not written for some time after ; for 


the writer says at ~. cx: 
Concerninge ther lawes my years and vnderstandinge, 


made me the less to looke after. 
We have therefore approximately dated the narrative 1613, as it was 
apparently written in England, #. civ. 

HENRY SPELMAN was the third son of Sir HENRY SPELMAN, the 
antiquary. He afterwards returned to Virginia, and rose to be a 
Captain in the colony, and is referred to at Zp. 172, 498, 503, 528, 606. 


This manuscript (now in the possession of JAMES F. HUNNEWELL, 
Esq., of Charlston, Massachusetts, U.S.A.) has only been recently 
printed, under the editorship of HENRY STEVENS, Esq., F.S.A., in an 
edition of 100 copies, London, 1872: to which impression, the reader 
is referred for an account of the singular adventures of the manuscript, 
until it was sold at Mr. LILLY’s sale on 7 July 1871. 


Einge in displeasuer of my frendes, 
and desirous to see other cuntryes, 
After [sum weekes] three moneths sayle 
we cum with prosperus winds in sight 
of Virginia wher A_ storme sodenly 
arisinge seauered our [s/f] fleete, (which 
was of x sayle) euery shipp from other, 
puttinge us all in great daunger for vij 

or viij dayes togither. But y® storme then ceasing our 

shipp called y® vnitye cam y® (16) next morning saffly to 

an anker at Cape Henry y°® daye of October 1609, 
Wher we found thre other of our fleete, and about a 
senight after thre more cam thether also. The residew 


[1609] 


[ pp. xcv. 


xcvi.} 


cli 


[1609] 


; i ‘ Introducti 
Relation of Virginea. ae Spelman. 
1013+ 


{still remayned] Amongst which was Sir Thomas Gates 
and Sir George Summers Knights [who] wear not [being] 
hard of many monthes after our ariuall. 

From Cape Henry we sayled up y® Riuer Powahtan & 
with in 4 or 5 dayes ariued at James toune, wher we 
weare ioyfully welcomed by our cuntrymen beinge at that 
time about 80 persons under the gouer[n}ment of Capt 
Smith, The President. Hauinge heare unladed our 
goods and bestowed sum senight or fortnight in vieinge of 
the cuntry, I was caried By Capt Smith our Presidant to 
y® Fales, to y® litell Powhatan wher vnknowne to me he 


| #p.163,48:.] SOUld me to him for a towne caled Powhatan and leauinge 


me with him y® [17] litle Powhatann, He made knowne to 
Capt weste how he had bought a toune for them to dwell 
in [Wheruppon Capt weste growinge angrye (Bycause he had 
bestowed cost to begine a toune in another place) Capt Smith 
Gc.] desireing that captaine West would come & settle 
himself there, (but captaine Weste hauing) bestowed cost 
to begine a toune in another place (misliked it: and 
vnkindnesse thereuppon ariseing betweene them) Capt 
Smith at that time [sayzmg] repliede litell [yet] but after- 
ward [wrought] conspired with the Powhatan to kill Capt 
weste, which Plott tooke but smale effect, for in y* 


( #0.165,484.] [interim] meane time Capt Smith was Aprehended, and 


[9A 27, 3%, 
37s 102, 517. 


sent abord for England, my self hauenge binn now about 
vij or viij dayes with the litell Powhatan who though he 
made uery much of me giuinge me such thinges as he had 
to winn me to live with him. [When] Yet I desired [18] 
to see our english and therfore made signes unto him to 
giue me leaue to goe to our ship to feach such thinges as 
I leafte behind me, which he agreed unto and settinge 
himselfe doune, he clapt his hand on the ground in token 
he would stay thertill returned. But I staying sumwhat 
to long, at my cumminge [backe] to y® place wher I leaft 
him I found him departed whervppon I wente backe to our 
shipp beinge still in y° Fales and sayled with them to 
James toune, wher not beinge long ther, Before one 
Thomas Sauage with 4 or 5 Indians cam from the great 
Powhatan with venison to Capt: Percye, who now was 
president. After the deliuery therof and that he must 
returne he was loith to goe with out sum of his cuntrymen 


Introduction. 


H. Spelman. Relation of Vireinea. 
? 1613. 

went with him, wher uppon I was apoynted to goe, which 
I the more willinglie did, by Reason that vitals were scarse 
with us, cariinge with me(19] sum copper and a hatchet [with 
me| which I had gotten. [And] Cumminge to the Great 
Powetan I presented to him such thinges as I had which 
he tooke, vsinge me uery kindly, [settinge this Sauage and 
me at his oune Table messe]. And After I had bin with him 
about 3 weekes [? Nov. 1609] he sent me backe to our English 
bidding me tell them, that if they would bring ther ship, 
and sum copper, he would fraught hir backe with corne, 
witch I hauing reported to our English and returning ther 
answer to y* Kinge, He before ther cumminge layd plotts 
to take them, wich in sum sort he affected, for xxvj or 
vij they killed which cam towards land in ther long boate, 
and shott many arrows into y® shipp, wiich our men 
perseyuing and fearinge the worst, wayed anker and 
returned. Now whil this busines was in [doinge] action 
y® Powhatan sends me and one Samwell a Duchman To 
a toune about xvj miles [20] of, caled Yawtanoone 
willinge us ther to stay [t#ll) for him, At his cumminge 
thether we understood how althinges had passed by Thomas 
Sauage, as before is related, the Kinge in shew made still 
much of us yet his mind was much declined from us which 
made vs feare the worst, and hauing now bin with him about 
24 or 25 weekes [? Mar. 1610], it happned that the Kinge 
[of Pasptan] of Patomeck cam to visitt the great Powetan, 
wher beinge a while with him, he shewed such kindnes to 
Sauage Samuell and myself as we determined to goe away 
with him, when the daye of his departure was cum, we 
did as we agreed and hauenge gone a mile or tow on the 
way, Sauage fayned sum excuss of stay & unknowne to us 
went backe to the Powetan and acquaynted him with our 
[fleinge] departing with y® Patowomeck. The Powetan 
presen([t]ly sends after us commandinge our returne: which 
we [21] [not belewnge} refuseing went still on our way: 
and thos[e] that weare sent, went still on with us, till one 
of them findinge op[plortunity on a sudden strooke Samuel} 
with an axe and killed him, wich I seinge ran a way 
from a monge the cumpany, they after me, the Kinge and 
his men after them, who ouertake them heald them, till 
I shifted for my self and gott to the Patomeckes cuntry, 


Ciil 


[1609] 


(A. 487.) 


Civ 


H. Spelman. 
? 1613. 


Relation of Virginea. [Spelman 


[1609-10] With this Kinge Patomecke I lived a year and more [? Mar.- 


[A. 503-] 


Xataua- 
hane. 


[Z. ci] 


Sept. 1610] at a towne of his called Pasptanzie, untill such 
time as an worthy gentelman named Capt: Argall ariued at 
a toune cald Nacottawtanke, but by our english cald Camo- 
cacocke, wher he understood that ther was an english boy 
named Harry. He desiringe to here further of me cam up 
the river which the Kinge of Patomeck hearringe sent me to 
him and I goinge backe agayne brought the kinge to [im] 
y® shipe, wher [22] capt: Argall gaue the Kinge [sum] 
copper for me, [and he] which he receyued Thus was I 
sett [free] at libertye and brought into England. 


[Another version of this passage is given tm the last leaf of 
the Manuscript, which may be the original draught.] 

(fraught hir backe corne which I hauing reported to our 
English, and returneing their answeare to y® Powhatan. 
Captaine Ratclyff came with a shipp with xxilij or xxv men 
to Orohpikes, and leauing his shipp there came by barge 
with sixteen men to y° Powhatan to Powmunkey where he 
very curtuously in shew received them by sending them 
bread and veinson in reward [28] whereof Captaine 
Ratclyff sent him copper and beades and such like Then 
Powhatan appointed Cap: Ratclyff a house for him and 
his men to lye in during the time that thei should [tvaff] 
traffique, not far from his owne but aboue half a mile from 
the barge, and himself in the euening comeing to the 
[ther] house slenderly accompanied) welcomed him thither, 
And [after Cap. Rat] returned leauing the dutch man, 
Savage, and my self behinde him. The next day the 
Powhatan with a company of Saluages came to Capt: 
Ratclyff, and caried our English to their storehouse where 
their corne was to traffique with them, giueing them pieces 
of copper and beades and other things. According to y® 
proportions of y® basketts of corne which they brought but 
the Indians dealing deceitfully by pulling or beareing vpp 
the bottom of their baskets with their hands soe that y¢ 
[24] lesse corne might [searue to] fill them. The English 
men taking exceptions against it and a discontentment 
riseing vppon it y® king [conveted himself and] departed 
taking me and y® dutchman with him [and] his wiues 
hence, And presently a great number Indians that lay 


ee Relation of Virginea. ev 


? 1613. 

lurking in y® woods & corne about began with an oulis and [1609-10] 
whoopubb and whilest our English men were in hast 
carieing their corne to their shipps the Indians that were 

hidden in y® corne shott the men as they passed by them 

and soe killed them all saueing one William Russell and 

one other whoe being acquainted with y® cuntry escaped 

to James towne by land.] [25] 


Of ther servis to their gods 


TO giue sum satisfaction to my frends and con- 
tentment unto others, which wish well to this 
viage, and are desirus to heare y® fashions of 
oo that cuntrye: I haue set doune as well as I 
can, what I obserued in y® time I was amonge them. And 
therfore first concerninge ther gods, yow must understand 
that for y® most part they worship y® diuell, which ye 
coniurers who are ther preests, can make apeare unto 
them at ther pleasuer, yet neuer y® less in euery cuntry 
they haue a seuerall Image whom they call ther god. 
As with the great Pawetan he hath an [26] Image 
called Cakeres which most comonly standeth at Yaught- Caukewis 
awnoone [in one of y° Kinges houses] or at Oropikes in a ‘Taukinze 
house for that purpose and with him are sett all the Kings soukeQua 
goods and presents that are sent him, as y® Cornne. But 
y® beades or Crowne or Bedd which y® Kinge of England 
sent him are in y® gods house at Oropikes, and in their 
houses are all y® Kinge ancesters and kindred commonly 
buried [commonly], In y® Patomecks cuntry they haue an 
other god whom they call Quioquascacke, and unto ther 
Images they offer Beades and Copper if at any time they 
want Rayne or haue to much, and though they obserue 
no day to worshipe ther god: but uppon necessitye, yet 
onc[e] in the yeare, ther preests w/ich are ther coniurers 
with y® [people] men, weomen, and children doe goe into 
the woods, wher ther preests makes [27] a great cirkell of 
fier in y® which after many obseruanses in ther coniurations 
they make offer of 2 or 3 children to be giuen to ther god 
if he will apeare unto them and shew his mind whome he 
(will haue] desier. Vppon which offringe they heare a 
z 


cVi 


Relation of Virginea. [2 Spctnan 
1613. 


[1609-10] noyse out of ye Cirkell Nominatinge such as he will haue, 


a cated 
assapa- 
meek. 
(AP. €, 595 
355+] 


whome presently they take bindinge them hand and footte 
and cast them into y® circle of the fier, for be it the Kinges 
sonne he must be giuen if onc{e] named by ther god, After 
y® bodies which are offered are consumed in the fier and 
ther cerimonees performed the men depart merily, the 
weomen weaping. [28] 


Of the cuntry of Virginia 


YSqn and water they haue plentifull, they haue 

Ds) marish ground and smale fields, for corne, and 
other grounds wher on ther Deare, goates, and 
stages feadeth, ther be in this cuntry Lions, Beares, 
woulues, foxes, muske catts, Hares @fleinge squirells, and 
other squirels beinge all graye like conyes, great store of 
foule only Peacockes and common hens wanting: fish in 
aboundance wher on they liue most part of the Summer 
time They haue a kind of wheat cald locataunce and 
Pease and Beanes, (29] Great store of walnuts growing in 
euery place. They haue no orchard frutes, only tow kind 
of plumbes the one a sweet and lussius plumbe long and 
thicke in forme and liknes of A Nutt Palme. the other 
resemblinge a medler But sumwhat sweeter yet not Atable 
till they be rotten as ours are. [80] 


Of ther Tounes & buildinges 


Laces of Habitation they haue but feaw for y® 
\\ greatest toune haue not aboue 20 or 30 houses 
& poy init, Ther Biuldinge are made like an ouen 

XS with a litell hole to cum in at But more 
spatius with in hauinge a hole in the midest of y® house 
for smoke to goe out at, The Kinges houses are both 
broader and longer then y® rest hauinge many darke 
windinges and turnings before any cum wher the Kinge 
is, But in that time when they goe a Huntinge y° weomen 
goes to a place apoynted before, to build houses for ther 


Relation of Virginea. cvil 


. Spelman. 


Introduction. | 
21613. 


husbands to lie in att night carienge matts with [81} them [1609-10] 
to couer ther houses with all, and as the men goes furthur 
a huntinge the weomen [goes before] follows to make 
houses, always carrienge ther mattes with them ther 
maner of ther Huntinge is thiss [wher] they meett sum 2 
or 300 togither and hauinge ther bowes and arrows and 
euery one with a fier [stz] sticke in ther hand they besett 
a great thikett round about, wiich dunn euery one sett 
fier on the ranke grass [and] which y® Deare seinge fleeth 
from y® fier, and the menn cumminge in by a litell and 
litle incloseth ther game in a narrow roome, so as with 
ther Bowes and arrowes they kill them at ther pleasuer 
takinge ther skinns w/ich is the greatest thinge they 
desier, and sume flesh for ther prouision. [82] 


Ther maner of maring 


THe custum of y® cuntry is to haue many wiues 
Yap and to buye them, so that he which haue most 
aS) copper and Beads may haue most wiues, for if 
he taketh likinge of any woman he makes loue 
to hir, and seeketh to hir father or kindsfolke to sett what 
price he must paye for hir, which beinge on[c]e agreed on the 
kindred meett and make good cheere, and when the sume 
agreed on be payd she shall be deliuered to him for his 
wife, The cerimony is thus The parents bringes ther 
daughter betwene them [838] (if hir parents be deade then 
sume of hir kinsfolke, or whom it pleaseth y® king to 
apoynt (for ye man goes not unto any place to be maried 
But y® woman is brought to him wher he dwelleth). At 
hir cumminge to him, hir father or cheefe frends ioynes 
the hands togither and then y® father or cheef frend of y® 
man Bringeth a longe stringe of Beades and measuringe 
his armes leangth therof doth breake it ouer y® hands of 
thos that are to be married while ther handes be ioyned 
together, and giues it unto y® womans father or him that 
brings hir, And so with much mirth and feastinge they goe 
togither, When y® Kinge of y® cuntry will haue any wiues 
he acquaintes his cheef men with his purpose, who sends 
[ for] into all partes of y® cuntry for y® fayrest and cumliest 


CVili 


> ° s I duction. 
Relation of Virginea. Speen, 


? 1613. 


[1609-10] mayds out of which y® Kinge taketh his choyse giuen to 


[p. cxvie] 


This Pasp- 


tanse was 
brother to 
Patomsk. 


ther parents what he pleaseth. If any of y® [84] Kings 
wiues haue onc[e] a child by him, he [neuer lieth with hir 
more] keepes hir no longer but puts hir from him giuinge 
hir suffitient Copper and beads to mayntayne hir and the 
child while it is younge and then [it] is taken from hir and 
mayntayned by y® King[s charge], it now beinge lawfull 
for hir beinge thus put away to marry with any other, 
The Kinge Poetan hauinge many wiues when he goeth a 
Huntinge or to visitt another Kinge vnder him (for he goeth 
not out of his owne cuntry) He leaueth them with tow ould 
men who haue the charge on them till his returne. 

It was my happ to be leaft at one of y® Kings Pasptanses 
Howses when he went to uisitt another Kinge and two of 
his wiues wear ther also, after the Kings departure, one of 
them would goe visitt hir father, [whos] hir name was 
Paupauwiske, and seinge me, willed me [885] to goe with hir 
and to take hir child and carye him thether in [/zs] my 
armes, beinge a [long] days iouyrnye from y® place wher 
we dwelt, [but] which I refusinge she strook me 3 or 4 
blows, but I beinge loith to bear to much gott to hir and 
puld hir doune giuing hir sum blows agayne which y® other 
of y® Kings wiues perseyuinge, they both fell on me beat- 
inge me so as I thought they had lamd me, Afterwarde 
when y® Kinge cam home: in ther presents I acquainted 
him how they had used me, The King with out further 
delay tooke vp a couwascohocan, which is a kind of paringe 
Iron,and strooke at one of them with such uiolenc{fe],as he 
feld her to the ground in manor deade. I seinge that, fled 
to a Neyghburs house, for feare of y® Kings displeasuer, 
But his wife cumming againe to hir self: sumwhat apeased 
his anger so as understandinge wher I was [86] by his 
brother, he sent me his younge child to still, for none 
could quiet him so well as my selfe, and about midnight 
he sent for him againe, The next day morninge the King 
was erlye vpp, and came to the house wher I was: loith 
I was to see him, yet being cum to him instead of his 
anger, I found him kind to me, asking me how I did, and 
whether I was affrayd of him last night, bycause I rann 
away from him, and hidd my selfe, I being by his speeches 
sumwhat boulder, Asked him for his Queene, He answered 


ode Relation of Virginea. cix 
2 1613. 

all was well, and that I should goe home with him tellinge [1609-10] 
me he loued me, and none [should] should hurt me. I 

though loith went with him, wher at my cumminge yé 
Queene looked but discontentedly on me, But hoping on 

the Kinges promise, I cared y® less for others frownes, 
knowinge well that y° Kinge made y® more of me in [87] 

hope I should healpe him to sum copper, if at any time 

our english cam into thos parts, which I often had 
promised him to doe, and which was by Capt: Argall 
Bountifully performed. [88] 


How they] name ther children 


7\\\fA Fter the mother is deliuered of hir child with in 
" AN << sum feaw dayes after the kinsfolke and neyburs 

CON ») beinge intreated ther unto, cums unto y® house : 
mae wher beinge assembled the father, takes the 
child in his armes: and declares that his name shall be, 
as he then calls him, so his name is, wich dunn y€ rest of 
y° day is spent in feastinge and dauncinge. [39] 


Ther maner of utsitinge the sicke with ye fation of 
ther buriall of they dye, 


2 Hen any besicke among them, ther preests cums 
unto the partye whom he layeth on the ground 
uppon a matt And hauing a boule of water, 


Rattle by it, The preest kneelinge by the sick mans side 
dipps his hand into the boule, which takinge vp full of 
watter, he supps into his mouth, spowting it out againe, 
vppon his oune armes, and brest, then takes he the Rattle, 
and with one hand takes that, and [40] with the other he 
beates his brest, makinge a great noyes, wiich hauinge 
dunn he easilye Riseth (as loith to wake the sicke bodye, 
first with one legge, then with the other, And beinge now 
gott vp, he leaysuerly goeth about y® sicke man shak- 


cx Relation of Virginea. 


H. Spe 


Introduction: 
lman- 
? 1613- 


[1609-10] inge his Rattle uery [easily] softly ouer all his bodye: and 
with his hand he stroketh y® greaued parts of the sicke, 
then doth he besprinkell him with water mum[b]linge 
certayne words ouer him, and so for that time leaue him, 

But if he be wounded after thes cerimonys dunn unto him 
he with a litle flint stone gasheth the wound makinge it to 
runn and bleede which he settinge his mouth unto it suckes 
out, and then aplies a certayne roote betten to powter unto 

e Sore. 

: If he dies his buriall is thus ther is a scaffould built 
about 3 or 4 yards hye from the ground and the deade 
bodye wraped in a matt is brought to the place, wher 
when [41] he is layd ther on, the kinsfolke falles a weop- 
inge and make great sorrow, and instead of a dole for him, 
(the poorer people beinge gott togither) sum of his 
kinsfolke flinges Beades amonge them makinge them to 
scramble for them, so hat many times diuers doe breake 
ther armes and legges beinge pressed by the cumpany, 
this finished they goe to y® parties house wher they haue 
meat giuen them which beinge #ten all y® rest of the day 
they spend in singinge and dauncinge vsing then as much 
mirth as before sorrow more ouer if any of y® kindreds 
bodies which haue bin layd on yé® scaffould should be con- 
sumed as nothing is leaft but bonns they take thos bonns 
from y® scaffould and puttinge them into a new matt, 
hangs them in ther howses, wher they continew whille 
ther house falleth and then they are buried in the ruinges 
of y¢ house[.] what goods [42] the partye leaueth is deuided 
amonge his wiues and children. But his house he giueth 
to the wife he liketh best for life: after her death, unto 
what child he most loueth. [43] 


The Fustis and gouerment 


“\ im Oncerninge ther lawes my years and under- 
standinge, made me the less to looke after 
bycause I thought that Infidels wear lawless 
4 yet when I saw sum put to death I-asked the 
her offence, for in the time that I was with ys 
Patomecke I saw 5 executed 4 for murther of a child Gd 


Dee ctuction. 2 ee 
H. Spelman. Relation of Virginea. 
? 1613. 


cxi 


est) y® mother, and tow other that did the fact with hir [1609-10] 


and a 4 for consealing it as he passed by, beinge bribed to 
hould his pease. and one for robbinge a traueler [44] of 
coper and beades for to steale ther neyburs corne or 
copper is death, or to lye one with anothers wife is death 
if he be taken in the manner. [45] 


The manor of execution 
Z| [Gos that be conuicted of capitall offences are 
er Si brought into a playne place before y® Kinges 
A 
Ze 


co“! 


0 


house when then he laye, which was at Pomun- 
keye the chefest house he hath wher one or tow 
apoynted by the Kinge did bind them hand and foote, 
wiich being dunn a great fier was made, Then cam the 
officer to thos that should dye, and with a shell cutt of{f] 
ther long locke, which they weare on the leaft side of ther 
heade, and hangeth that on a bowe before the Kings house 
Then thos for murther wear Beaten with staues till ther 
bonns (46] weare broken and beinge aliue weare flounge 
into the fier, the other for robbinge was knockt on y® 
heade and beinge deade his bodye was burnt. [47] 


tl 


The manor of settinge ther corne with y° gatheringe 
and Dressing. 


Ms Hey take most commonly a place about ther 
howses to sett ther corne, w/ich if ther be 

ay much wood, in that place the[y] cutt doune the 
es greate trees sum half a yard aboue the ground, 
y® smaller they burne at the roote pullinge a good 


peece of woode beinge scraped on both sides in fation of 
a gardiners paring Iron. they (48] put in to thes holes 
ordenarily 4 or 5 curnels of ther wheat and 2 beanes like 


(4A. 81, 377.) 


cxii Relation of Virginea. 1H. Speman. 
1613- 
[1609-10] french beanes, which when the wheat doe growe vp hauinge 
a straw as bigg as a canne reede the beanes runn vp theron 
like our hopps on poles, The eare of y° wheat is of great 
bignes in lenght and cumpace and yet for all the greatnes 
of it euery stalke hath most commonly sum fower or fiue 
eares on it, Ther corne is sett and gathered about the 
time we vse, but ther maner of ther gatheringe is as we 
doe our [aflse] apells first in a hand basketts [putt:] emtiinge 
them as they are filled into other bigger basketts wherof 
sum are made of the barkes of trees, sume of heampe 
which naturally groweth ther, and some of the straw 
wheron y® wheat groweth, Now after y® gatheringe, they 
laye it uppon matts a good thicknes in the soun to drye & 
[49] euery night they make a great pile of it, coueringe 
it ouer with matts to defend it from the dewe, [w/ich] and 
when it is suffitien[t]ly weathered they pile it up in ther 
howses, dayly as occation serueth wringinge the eares in 
peises betwene ther hands, and so rubbinge out ther corne 
do put it toa great Baskett wiich taketh upp the best 
parte of sum of ther howses, and all this is cheefly the 
weomens worke for the men doe only hunt to gett skinns in 
winter and doe tewe or dress them in summer. 

But though now out of order yet let me not altogither 
forgett the settinge of y* Kings corne for wich a day is 
apoynted wherin great part of y® cuntry people meete 
who with such diligence worketh as for the most part all 
y° Kinges corne is sett on a daye After which setting the 
Kinge takes the croune which y® Kinge of England sent 
him beinge [50] brought him by tow men, and setts it on 
his heade which dunn the people goeth about the corne in 
maner backwardes for they going before, and the king 
followinge ther faces are always toward the Kinge exspect- 
inge when he should flinge sum beades amonge them 
which his custum is at that time to doe makinge thos 
which had wrought to scramble forthem But to sume he 
fauors he bids thos that carry his Beades to call such and 
such unto him unto whome he giueth beads into ther hande 
and this is the greatest curtesey he doth his people, when 
his corne is ripe the cuntry people cums to him againe and 
gathers drys and rubbes out all his corne for him, which 
is layd in howses apoynted for that purpose. [51] 


Santa Clara County Free Library 


San dose, Calif. 


Speman, | Relation of Virginea. exiii 
1613. 


The settinge at meat 


1s Hey sett on matts round about y® howse y® men[1609-10] 
p by them selues and y® weomen by ther selues y® 

©“) weomen bringe to euery one a dish of meat for 

s the better sort neuer eates togither in one dish, 

wich he hath eaten what he will, or that which was giuen 

him, for he looks for no [meat] second corse he setts doune 

his dish by him and mumjb]leth ceartayne words to himself 

in maner of {a saying grace] giuinge thankes, if any leaft y® 
weomen gather it up & ether keeps it till ye next meall, or 

gives it to y® porer sort, if any be ther. [52] 


The differences amonge them 


"< He King is not know by any differenc[e] from 
other of y® [better] chefe sort in y* cuntry but 
only when he cums to any of ther howses they 
present him with copper Beads or Vitall, and 
shew much reuerence to him 

The preest[s] are shauen on y® right side of ther head close 
to the scull only a litle locke leaft at y® eare and sum of 
thes haue beards But y® common people haue no beards 
at all for they pull away ther hares as fast as it growes. 
And they also cutt y® heares on y® right side of ther heade 
that it might not hinder them by flappinge about ther 
bow [53] stringe, when they draw it to shoott, But on yé 
other side they lett it grow & haue a long locke hanginge 
doune ther shoulder. (54) 


The Armor and wepon with discipline in war 


Wi S for Armoure or dissipline in ware the[y] haue 
Mi not any. The weopons they vse for offence are 
\3) Bowes and Arrowes with a weopon like a 
OX! hammer and ther Tomahaucks for defence 
which are shields made of the barke of a tree and hanged 
on ther leaft shoulder to couer that side as they stand 
forth to shoote 

They neuer fight in open fields but always ether 


cxiv Relation of Virginea. [ii Soetman: 
1613. 
[1609-10]amonge reede or behind trees takinge ther oportunitie to 
shoot at ther enimies and [55] till they can nocke another 
arrow they make the trees ther defence 
In y® time that I was ther I sawe a Battell fought be- 
[46.71 11», twene the Patomeck and tne Masomeck, ther place wher 
7" they fought was a marish ground full of Reede. Beinge 
in the cuntry of the Patomecke the peopel of Masomeck 
weare brought thether in Canoes which is a kind of Boate 
they haue made in the forme of an Hoggs trowgh But 
sumwhat more hollowed in, On Both sids they scatter 
them selues sum litle distant one from the other, then take 
they ther bowes and arrows and hauinge made ridie to 
shoot they softly steale toward ther enimies, Sumtime 
squattinge doune and priinge if they can spie any to shoot 
at whom if at any time he so Hurteth that he can not flee 
they make hast to him to knock him on the heade, And they 
that kill most of ther enimies are heald [56] the cheafest 
men amonge them; Drums and Trumpetts they haue none, 
but when they will gather themselues togither they hauea 
kind of Howlinge or Howbabub so differinge in sounde one 
from the other as both part may uery aesely be distin- 
guished. Ther was no greater slawter of nether side But 
y® massomecks hauing shott away most of ther arrows and 
wantinge Vitall [was] weare glad to retier ; [57] 


The Pastimes 


(94 Hen they meet at feasts or otherwise they vse 
sprorts much like to ours heare in England as 


so through them all, hanging all in a round, ther is one 
which stand in the midest with a pipe and a rattell with 
which when he beginns to make a noyes all the rest Gigetts 
about wriinge they neckes and stampinge on y® ground 

They vse beside football play, which wemen and young boyes 
doe much play at. The men neuer They make ther Gooles 
as ours [8] only they neuer fightnor pull one another doune. 

The men play witha litel balle lettinge it fall out of ther 
hand and striketh i¢ with the tope of his foot, and he that 
can strike the ball furthest winns that they play for. 


Pe Te O D.0 CTT ON. CXV 


V. 


difficulties than are involved in its acceptance. 

, Ten men (Z. 14) left James town, on the roth of December 1607, 
p. \xxxv, in the barge, for the discovery of the head waters of the 
oo Chickahominy ; six only of these returned with the barge, three of 

the others were slain to the certain knowledge of all the Colony, Why then 

was JOHN SMITH not slain too? 
He had left seven in the barge at Apocant, 
With expresse charge not any [one] to go ashore til my 


returne. 7. 14. 

But hee was not long absent, but his men went a shore, whose 
want of government gaue both occasion and opportunity to the 
Salvages to surprise one George Cassen, whom they slew and 
much failed not to haue cut of{f} the boat and all the rest. 4. 395. 

The Salvages hauing drawne from George Cassen whether 
Captaine Smith was gone, prosecuting that opportunity they 
followed him with. 300. bowmen, conducted by the King of 
Pamavnkee, who in diuisions searching the turnings of the riuer, 
found Robinson and Emry by the fire side: those they shot full of 
arrowes and slew. #¢/. 395-6. 


It will be seen at A. lii, liii, xxi, xxii, how many of the colonists had already been 
slain by the Indians; and the frightful death to which they afterwards subjected 
GEORGE CASSEN, described at Hp. 82, 377, is but an example of their innate ferocity. 

Supposing then that the account of the POCAHONTAS incident to be altogether 
untrue, from first to last; how is the return of SMITH with POWHATAN’s 
favour to be accounted for, when each of the other three men that came into 
the power of the Indians at the same time, perished? Up to the very moment he 
arrived at the Fort, our Author momentarily expected death, Z. 4o1. Evidently 
some interposition had occurred in his favour, and his own relation of that 
tnterposition was strikingly confirmed by the appearance and presents of the 
hitherto unknown young Indian girl. : 

Tames towne with her wild traine she as freely frequented, as her 
fathers habitation; and during the time of two or three yeeres 
[1608-9], she next vnder God, was still the instrument to preserue 
this Colonie from death, famine and vtter confusion; which if in 
those times, [it] had once beene dissolued, Virgima might haue 
line [lain] as it was at our first arriuall to this day. Af. 531-2; see 
also pp. 401, 403. 

Every man in the Colony therefore must have believed SMITH’s account of 
her rescue, when he thus saw POCAHONTAS and her supplies of food. The 
subsequent uniform and unwearied friendship shewn by the Indian girl to the 
colony at large, and to SMITH in particular, is the strongest possible confirma- 
tion of his narrative ; and is otherwise quite inexplicable. Indeed his story was 
never questioned in his lifetime, 


cxvi INTRODUCTION. 

The incident itself is not an extraordinary one in the sequence of recorded 
hairbreadth escapes from Indian tribes. POWHATAN, a polygamist, nearly sixty 
years of age in 1608, #f. 80, 376; with no special love for any one woman, and 
none of whose sons can be heir to his throne, having also by no wife more than 
one child, . cviii, has constantly fixed his heart on a pet child (like an old man’s 
grandchild with us); so that when POCAHONTAS was taken in April 1613, he 
chose another of twelve years old, which he sold for “two bushels of Rawrenoke,” 
p- 518, respecting whom he said in 1614, “he delighted in none so much as shee, 
whom if he could not often behold, he could not possibly live, which living with 
us he could not do,” Z. 519. There was nothing miraculous in POWHATAN’s thus 
yielding to the solicitations of such a pet child. f 

On the whole, therefore, we see no occasion to doubt the two accounts given 


by our Author of this peril. 
1616. 


At the minute of my execu- 
tion, she hazarded the beating 
out of her owne braines to saue 
mine; and not onely that, but 
so preuailed with her father, 
that I was safely conducted to 
Iames towne: where I found 
about eight and thirtie miserable 
poore and sicke creatures, to 


keepe possession of all those 


large territories of Virginia ; 
such was the weaknesse of this 
poore Commonwealth, as had 
the Saluages not fed vs, we 
directly had starued. And this 
reliefe, most gracious Queene, 
was commonly brought vs by 
this Lady Pocahontas. 9. 531. 


1624. 

Having feasted him after their 
best barbarous manner they 
could, a long consultation was 
held, but the conclusion was, 
two great stones were brought 
before Powhatan: then as many 
as could layd hands on him, 
dragged him to them, and there- 
on laid his head, and being 
ready with their clubs, to beate 
out his braines, Pocahontas the 
Kings dearest daughter, when 
no intreaty could prevaile, got 
his head in her armes, and laid 
her owne vpon his to saue him 
from death: whereat the Empe- 
rour was contented heshould liue 
to make him hatchets, and her 
bells, beads, and copper; for they 
thought him aswell of alloccupa- 
tions as themselues. For the 
King himselfe will make hisowne 
robes, shooes, bowes, arrowes, 
pots; plant, hunt, or doe any 
thing so well astherest. 4. 400. 


In fact, the only possible way of resisting the story is to regard Captain SMITH 
as a confirmed liar ; which is quite contrary to everything we know of him. 

Savages have often shewn such sudden revulsion of feeling ; and POWHATAN 
before that year 1608 was out, returned to his frenzied attempts to kill SMITH ; 
who seemed to him and his tribe, to bear a charmed life among them. 


Lae 


THE SULLY PORTRAIT OF POCAHONTAS. 


Ue 


INTRO DUC TLOM. cxvii 


At the time of the rescue, SMITH was about 28 years of age, and POCAHONTAS 
about 13. It is quite clear that there was no love affair between them. He 
astonished her with his wonderful knowledge, and won her friendship with kind- 
ness, and gifts of things that to her seemed very precious. He looked upon her 
goodwill as a political factor for the salvation of the Colony ; and with the high 
notions of kingship prevailing in his day, he considered himself beneath her in 
social position ; for when, at Brentford in Middlesex, in 1616, she woud call him 
Sather (not sweetheart, or even friend), he writes— 

_ Which though I would haue excused, I durst not allow of that 
title, because she was a Kings daughter. 4. 533. 

W. PHETTIPLACE who certainly, and R. Pots who probably, arrived at 
James town on the evening of the day (8 January 1608) on which SMITH arrived 
from Werowocomoco, ff. Ixxxvi, 101, 404 ; and who therefore were personally 
acquainted with the entire connection of POCAHONTAS with the Colony, thus 
rebut this out of the many /ou/ slanders that followed their beloved Captain home. 

Some propheticall spirit calculated [that] hee had the Salvages 
in such subiection, hee would haue made himselfe a king, by 
marrying Pocahontas, Powhatans daughter. (It is true she was 
the very Nomparell of his kingdome, and at most not past 13 
or 14 yeares of age. Very oft shee came to our fort, with what 
shee could get for Captaine Smith ; that ever loued and vsed all the 
Countrie well, but her especially he ever much respected; and she 
so well requited it, that when her father intended to haue surprized 
him, shee by stealth in the darke night came through the wild woods 
and told him of it [f. 455]. But her marriage could no way haue 
intitled him by any right to the kingdome, nor was it ever suspected 
hee had ever such a thought ; or more regarded her, or any of them, 
than in honest reason and discreation he might. If he would, he 
might haue married her, or haue done what him listed ; for there 
was none that could haue hindred his determination.) Z/. 168-9. 

As to the argument that this Deliverance is not true, because it is not men- 
tioned in the 7rue Relation of 1608 ; it need only be said, that that Relation was 
not intended for publication by SMITH. It is clear from the foregoing pieces at 
Dp. xxxviii-xci that very many written Relations must have gone home with NEw- 
PORT in June 1607, and again in his second return in April 1608 ; as this particular 
one by SMITH, did in Captain NELSON’s Phentx, in June 1608. Of them all, 
SMITH’s was the only one that came to the press ; and that not by his own act. 
I. H., who edited it, confesses that “somewhat more was by him written, which 
being as I thought fit to be private, I would not adventure to make it public,” Z. 4. 
But these probably refer to the details of his 13 weeks’ false imprisonment, and 
to his narrow escape from being hanged at Nevis, Z. 910: and not to his personal 
adventures with the savages. We are quite content to suppose he never men- 
tioned the POCAHONTAS incident at all in the manuscript from which this 
abridged Relation was printed; as also that he may not have mentioned 
OPECHANCANOUGH’s previous deliverance of him, when he was tied to the tree 
to be shot, %. 396. 


CXVIll INTRODUCTION. 


Mr. WILLIAM W1RT HENRY, of Richmond, Va., has, inhis Addvess to the Virginta 
Historical Society, on 24 Feb. 1882, furnished answers to many points of attack 
on our Author's veracity : but we will not avail ourselves of them. We only say, 
on general grounds, mom segudtur (the circumstances considered) to any argu- 
ment that would assert that a// that occurred mus¢, of necessity, have been 
recorded in SMITH’s manuscript relation ; or else it did not occur. In confirma- 
tion of this, we may point to the variations (but not contradictions) in the two 
Relations extending over ot more than the week, 21-27 May 1607, of the same 
boat expedition up the James river: the one by Captain ARCHER at Af. xl-lii ; 
the other by the Hon. G. PERCY, at #%. Ixvili-Ixix. And it is only popular 
ignorance of his career that has fastened upon SMITH’s danger at Werowocomoco 
as the chief peril of his life ; and which has therefore exaggerated its importance 
far beyond his own opinion of it. The marvel is that he wrote so much and so 
well, while the Phenzx was loading for home, in May, 1608, under the pressure 
of so many other things on hand, ff. 34-39: and the personal self-forgetfulness 
with which it is written is only characteristic of the man. 

To conclude, then, it would seem that the advent of SMITH was a momen- 
tous event in POCAHONTAS’s life, but a very small one in his own ; so small 
indeed that he did not see occasion to dwell upon it. They saw one another 
occasionally over a period of at most 21 months ; between January 1608, to the 
date of his return home 4 October 1609: after which, she never visited James 
town till ARGAL brought her thither, as a State prisoner, in April 1613. 

POCAHONTAS will ever be a most interesting character. She was, under 
GOD, the means of keeping the Colony alive. She admired, perhaps revered, 
SMITH ; but as PHETTIPLACE and POTS wrote in 1612, “nor was it ever 
suspected he . . . more regarded her, or any of them, than in honest reason 
and discreation he might,” #. 169. 

Mr. CHARLES DEANE (who has done so much and so well towards the repro- 
duction of our Author’s Works) is responsible for the attack on SMITH’s veracity 
as regards the POCAHONTAS incident, by the notes to his reprint of The True Redla- 
tion, in 1866. Mr. H. B. ADAMS, in his review of the same, in the orth American 
keview, No. 204, January 1867, is a study of SMITH’s life and work, upside down. 

Our American friends seem sometimes to fall into the error of considering 
any newly-found manuscript as of greater authority than the old printed books: 
thus WINGFIELD is opposed to SMITH ; and yet that there is no contradiction 
in his recrimination, to our Author’s text, the reader may see for himself, as we have 
reprinted the Discourse of Virginia at #p. \xxiv-xci. In like manner, STRACHEY, 
who arrived in the Colony in June 1610, is opposed to SMITH, who left on the 
4 October 1609, as to the conduct of POCAHONTAS anterior to October 1609. 
So, Mr. DEANE’s reprinting of the 77ue Relation was like the bringing to light 
of a lost manuscript. He did quite right in pointing out its variation from the 
General History : and any doubt he may have raised will be set at rest by the 
present edition. Precision and scientific accuracy is not to be found in any of 
the nine books forming the present Text ; but of the unspotted integrity of the 
writer, and of the care and moderation with which he wrote, there is therein 
we think, abundant testimony. As he says himself, at d. 622, c 


I thanke God I neuer vndertooke any thing yet [wherein] any 
could tax me of carelesnesse or dishonesty, and what is hee to 
whom I am indebted or troublesome ? 


INTRODUCTION. cxix 


Wer: 


<q OR the story of those first thirty months of the James river Settle- 
OF Ka , ment, we must refer the reader to the Text itself. It is brim full of 
A GC fascinating interest : but this Volume consists rather of materials for 
Y a Biography of a Life than the History of a Colony, so we pass on. 


Two points only we shall add. 

Major JED. HOTcHKIss, Consulting Mining Engineer, Staunton, Va., U.S.A., who 
is the greatest living authority on the geography of that State, thus writes, under date 
of October 5,1883: “Jamsorry to say that aboutthe only information we have con- 
cerning thelocation of Indian tribesat the time of the settlement of Virginia is to be 
found on SMITH’s Map—a marvel of results in representation of outline compared 
with the time occupied in procuring information. The same region is shewn on 
the small map I send you, from the actual surveys of a century [1774-1874], yet 
Smiruhadalltheimportant features of our wonderfully developed coast wellshewn.” 


There is an interesting connection between our Author and HENRY HUDSON 
the navigator, of whom he speaks so highly in 1614, at fp. 191, 704. 

After he discovered Chesapeake Bay, SMITH evidently sent to HUDSON, with 
the ¢hird return of Captain NEWPORT, about November 1608, a duplicate of the 
“ Mappe of the Bay and Rivers” (f. 444), which he then sent to the Council 
in London, under cover of the letter printed at Z. 442. NEWPORT reached 
London in January 1609, ~. xciii ; soon after which HUDSON went to Holland, 
from whence he set sail on his Third voyage on 25 March 1609 (G. M. ASHER, 
HenkY Hupsow the Navigator, p. ccii, Hakluyt Soc. 1860). 

EMANUEL VAN METEREN, in his Historie der Neder-Lanscher, states, “This 
idea had been suggested to HUDSON by some letters and maps which his friend 
Captain SmiTH had sent him from Virginia ; and by which he informed him 
that there was a sea leading to the Western Ocean by the north of the southern 
English colony ” (fol. 629, Ed. 1614 ; and at fo/. 674 of the French edition 1618), 


be he 


P Ur Author seems to have returned home from Virginia, by December 
1609; thereby escaping the peril of The Starving Time, as that 
dreadful winter in the Colony was called. So far, therefore, as he 
was concerned, his laceration by gunpowder was a merciful Provi- 

013. dence to him; as he would have probably perished that winter in 
the Colony ; if not from mutinies, from starvation. 

Then for two years he is quiet. He is waiting and watching. He makes no 
public vindication of his Governorship and the true service he “and his party” had 
rendered to the Colony, until the English Settlement there is on an assured footing. 

Then the Map of Virginia appears in 1612, containing first his own Map 
and full Description of the country: and next the Vindication of himself and 
his party, condensed by the Rev. Dr. SIMMONDs from the interrogatories. of 
survivors and the writings of the dead, and written with a strong self-restraint, 
considering that most, if not all, the other side were known, by this time, to have 
perished in the colony. Dr. SIMMONDS wrote at the end of this summary ; 


Captaine Smith I returne you the fruit of my labours, as Master 


Croshaw requested me, which I bestowed in reading the dis- 
courses, and hearing the relations of such which haue walked and 


CXX INTRODUCTION. 


observed the land of Virginia with you. The pains I took was 
great: yet did the nature of the argument, and hopes I conceaued 
of the expedition, giue me exceeding content. I cannot finde there 
is any thing, but what they all affirme, or cannot contradict. ¢. 174. 


It is very singular indeed that this book, the Jap of Virginia should have 
come from the Oxford press ; which did not usually produce books of travel. 

As Virginian matters progressed, the Council in London broke up into factions. 

One of the most important private collections of papers relating to Virginia, 
Bermuda, &c., is in the possession of the Duke of MANCHESTER. Mr. L. OWEN 
PIKE’s catalogue of them will be found in the Appendix (Part II.) to the Eighth 
Report of the Royal Commission on Historical Manuscripts, London, 1881. _ 

Mr. PIKE states—“ The Virginia Company about the year 1619 was becoming 
divided into two hostile factions, the chief leaders in which were to be, on the 
one side, the Earl of WARWICK, Sir NATHANIEL RICH, and Alderman JOHNSON; 
and on the other side, the Earl of SOUTHAMPTON, Lord CAVENDISH, and Sir 
EDWARD SACKVILLE. One party supported Sir THOMAS SMITH, who had been 
Governor or Treasurer of the Company for the previous twelve years [1606- 
1618], the other Sir EDWIN SANDys, who was elected his successor. The papers 
formerly in the State Paper Office represent, in the main, the case of Sir E. 
SANDYS ; the papers in the Duke of MANCHESTER’s collection represent, but 
far more in detail, the case of Sir J. SMITH.” 2. 4. 

Captain SMITH briefly refers to these factions at g. 784. He kept out of them 
altogether, and speaks of the leaders of both sides with an equal respect. 

With the publication of this Vindication, SMITH practically turned away from 
Virginian matters ; which had now passed into the hands of Peers of the Realm, 
like Lord DELAWARE, and other Noblemen and Gentlemen, far above the rank 
of a mere Army Captain. He and his work were slenderly regarded. While 
therefore he continued deeply interested in every part of the English colonizing 
movement ; he now turned his personal efforts towards Norumbega, “when 
nothing was knowne, but that there was a vast Land.” Jf. 242-3, 266, 771. 

On 2 May 1621, our Author petitioned, apparently without success, the 
Virginia Company for a reward, “as he hath not onely aduentured money for 
the good of the Plantacion, and twise built James Towne, and fower other 
particular Plantacions, as he alledgeth ; but for that he discouered the country, 
and releaued the Colony willingly three yeares with that which he gott from the 


Sauages with great perill and hazard of his life.” NEILL, History &c. p. 215, 
Ed. 1869. 


C New ENGLAND, 1613-1619 AD. 
VEL 


And of all the four parts of the World that I have yet seen, not inhabited ; could I have but means to 
transport a Colony, I would rather live here [Jefween Pennobscot and Cape Cod in New England], thar 
anywhere, J. SMITH, 1616, . 193. 


ff SS (i Aptain SMITH, in 1614, spent 80 days on the Coast of New England, 
SVN from Pennobscot to Cape Cod, viz., from 30 April to 18 July both 


ZA) inclusive, ~. 256; so that he was, in all, about 32 months on the 
<a V& American Continent, from first to last. 


He made an astonishingly good use of his time. For though he 


INTRODUCTION CXX1 


failed to found a colony himself ; he shewed the way to others, as the Pilgrim 
Fathers of 1620, Zp. 749, 892, 941, 943, and the Massachusetts Planters of 1629- 


30, BP. 926, 947, 950. 
He however established the fishing at Monahigan, 4. 206, 720, or within a 

square of two or three leagues of it, ff. 244, 268, 773: which brought into the 

realm, with the furs obtained by traffic with the Indians, £100,000 [= £300,000 

now] within ten years, Z. 784. 
Sea-fishing, with him, was but the stepping stone to Colonization. How 

eloquently he writes of it ! how reasonable and practical are his suggestions ! 
And lastly in 1630, he wrote— 


Thus you may plainly see, although many envying [that] I 
should bring so much from thence, where many others had beene; 
and some, the same yeare, returned with nothing, reported the 
Fish and Bevers I brought home, I had taken from the French 
men of Canada, to discourage any from beleeving me, and excuse 
their owne misprisons: some onely to have concealed this good 
Country (as is said) to their private use; others taxed me as much 
of indiscretion, to make my discoveries and designes so publike 
for nothing, which might have beene so well managed by some 
concealers, to have beene all rich ere any had knowne of it. 

Those, and many such like wise rewards, have beene my recom- 
pences; for which I am contented, so the Country prosper, and Gods 
Name bee there praised by my Countrymen, I have my desire. 4. 944. 


In 1618, our Author wrote in a little manuscript book by the hand of a scrivener, 
the germ of Vew England Trials of 1620, with the following, 


Letter to Lord Bacon. 


[State Papers, Colonial. (1574-1621) Vol. I., No. 42.] 


To the Right Honorable Sir frances Bacon, Knight, Baron of 
Verolam and Lord High Chauncellor of England. 


RIGHT HONORABLE, 


@aving noe better meanes to acquaint your Lordship with 

4 my meaning than this paper, the zeale love and dutie 
to God, my Countrie and your honor, I humbly craue 
Se) x may be my apologie. 

This 19 yeares [1599-1618] I haue encountred noe fewe dangers 
to learne what here I write in these fewe leaves, and though the lines 
they containe are more rudely phrased then is meete for the viewe 
of so great aiudgement, their fruites I am certayne may bring both 
wealth and honor for a Crowne and a Kingdom to his Maiesties 


k 


CXXil INTRODUCTION. 


posterity./ The profitts already returned with so smail charge 
and facilitie according to proportion emboldens me to say it./ 

With a stock of 5000/4 I durst venture to effect it, though more 
than roooooli hath bene spent in Virginia and the Barmudas to 
small purpose, about the procuring whereof many good men 
knowes I haue spent noe small tyme labor nor mony: but all in 
vaine. Notwithstanding within these fower years [1614-18] I 
have occasioned twice 5000/7 to be imployed that way. But great 
desyres to ingross it, hath bred so many particular humors, as 
they have their willes, I the losse, and the generall good the wrong./ 

Should I present it to the Biskayners, French, or Hollanders, they 
have made me large offers. But nature doth binde me thus to 
begg at home, whome strangers have pleased to make a Com- 
mander abroad. The busines being of such consequence, I hold 
it but my duty to acquaint it to your Honor, knowing you are not 
only a cheife Patron of your Countrie and state, but also the 
greatest favourer of all good designes and their Authors. 

Noe more, but humbly beseeching your goodnes to pardon my 
rudenes, and ponder my plaine meaning in the ballance of good- 
will, I leave the substance to the discretion of your most admired 
judgement, ever resting Your honors ever most truely devoted, 


[This signature is autographic.] JO SMITH. 


Then follows the substance, up to year 1618, of New Englands Trials 1620, 
with the following paragraphs omitted in that tract. 

The worstis of these 16. shippes. 2 orthree of them have bene taken 
by Pyrates, which hath putt such feare in poore fishermen, whose 
powers are but weake. And the desyre of gaine in Marchants so 
violent : every one so regarding his private, that it is worse then 
slaverye to follow any publique good, and impossible to bring 
them into a bodye, rule, or order, vnles it be by some extra- 
ordinary power. But if his Maiestie would please to be per- 
swaded to spare vs but a Pinnace, to lodge my men in and 
defend us and the Coast from such invasions, the space of eight or 
tenn monethes only till we were seated [t.e., the colony settled in 
New England], I would not doubt but ere long to drawe the most 
part of Newfound Land men to assist us, if I could be so provided 
but in due season: for now ere the Savages grow subtle and the 
Coast be too much frequented with strangers, more may be done 
with 20/7 than hereafter with a 1oold.... 

How I haue lived, spent my tyme and bene employed, I am 


INTRODUCTION. CXXxill 


not ashamed who will examine. Therefore I humbly beseech 
your Honour, seriously to consider of it; and lett not the povertie of 
the Author cause the action to be lesse respected, who desyres noe 
better fortune than he could find there./ 

In the interim I humbly desyre your Honour would be pleased 
to grace me with the title of your Lordships servant. Not that I 
desyre to shut vpp the rest of my dayes in the chamber of ease 
and idlenes, but that thereby I may be the better countenanced 
for the prosecution of this my most desyred voyage: for had I the 
Patronage of so mature a iudgment as your Honors, it would not 
only induce those to beleive what I know to be true in this matter, 
who will now hardly vouchsafe the perusall of my Relations, but 
also be a meanes to further it to the vttermost of their powers 
with their purses. 

And I shal be ever readyto spend both life and goods for the honor 
of my Country, and your Lordships service. Withwhich resolucion 
I doe in all humility rest, At your Honors service 


It is to be regretted that this application was not successful. 


It is quite clear, that our Author offered to lead out the Pilgrim Fathers to 
America, and that they declined his services “to save charges,” #. 941, “saying 
my books and maps were much better cheape to teach them, than my selfe,” 
p. 892. We cannot think that this was the whole reason. In 1620, politics and 
religion in England usually went together, and there were three great Parties in 
the State, known as the Protestant, the Puritan, and the Papist. SMITH was a 
Protestant, and his argument at #. 959 for a strong ecclesiastical government, 
based on his experiences in Eastern Europe, is certainly a very reasonable one: 
but the Pilgrim Fathers were the “head and front” of the Puritan revolt against 
the Bishops. No doubt, our Author would have been supremely faithful to them ; 
but he could not long have stood their independence of all religious authority. 


Now since them called Brownists [the Pilgrim Fathers] went 
(some few before them also having my bookes and maps, pre- 
sumed they knew as much as they desired). 4. 946. 


So that our Author exercised a great, though an indirect, influence on the 
colonizing enterprise of England from 1620-1630. Indeed it would seem that 
the influence of his pen was greater than the result of his personal actions. He 
grieved over his mishaps and ill-fortune in 1615 and 1617, but posterity may be 
glad that he never did get to New England again. That work was carried-on 
by other hands: and we rejoice thereby to possess the Vew Englands Trials, 
1620 and 1622; the General History, 1624; the Accidence, 1626; the Travels, 
1629; and the Advertisements, 1630: all of which would never have come to 
the press, had not Man and Providence, the poltroons in 1615 and the three 
months’ westerly wind in 1617, frustrated all his attempts to go and settle in 
Capawuck, Zp. 205, 218, 732. 


cxxiv 


D. ADVOCATE AND HISTORIAN OF ENGLISH 
COLONIZATION IN AMERICA, AND OF SEA 
FISHERIES THERE AS A MEANS THERETO. 
t6¢r' og 1tts PAD. 


IX. 


My greatest error in this, is but a desire to do good: which disease hath ever haunted me since my 
childhood ; and all the miseries and ingratitudes I have endured, cannot yet divert me from that resolution. 
J. SMITH, 1626, Z. 788. 
History is the memory of Time, the life of the Dead, and the happiness of the Living. 
J. SmiTH, 1630, Z. 48. 
You may easily know them by their absoluteness in opinions ; holding Experience but the mother of fools, 
which indeed is the very ground of Reason; and he that contemns her in those actions, may find occasion 
enough to use all the wit and wisdom he hath, to correct his own folly. J. SMITH, 1630, J. 956. 
For my self, let Emulation and Envy cease! I ever intended my actions should be upright: now [zm 
the ‘General History”] my care hath been that my Relations should give every man they concern, his 
due. J. SMITH, 1624, J. 279- 


q 


me A) 8 Ow completely our Author identified himself with this Colonizing 
h 


\)} movement, from the intended voyage to the river Weapoco, in 
Ai 1605, p. 896, to the last day of his life, is illustrated by the follow- 
“ ing passages. 
> Se In 1622 he thus wrote— 
Thus you may see plainely the yearely successe from New 
England (by Virginia) which has bin so costly to this kingdome 
and so deare to me, which either to see perish or but bleed, 
pardon me though it passionate me beyond the bounds of modestie, 
to haue bin sufficiently able to foresee it, and had neither power 
nor meanes how to preuent it. By that acquaintance I haue with 
them, I may call them my children; for they haue bin my wife, 
my hawks, my hounds, my cards, my dice, and in totall my best 
content, as indifferent to my heart as my left hand to my right: 
and notwithstanding all those miracles of disasters [that] haue 
crossed both them and me, yet were there not one English man 
remaining (as God be thanked there is some thousands) I would 
yet begin againe with as small means as I did at the first. Not 
for that I haue any secret encouragement from any I protest, 
more then lamentable experiences: for all their discoueries I can 
yet heare of, are but pigs of my owne sowe; ... . except the 
relations of Master Dirmer. 4p. 265. 

Again, in 1629, he wrote— 

Those Countries Captaine Smith oft times used to call his 
children that never had mother; and well he might, for few 
fathers ever payed dearer for so little content; and for those that 


INTRODUCTION. CXXV 


would truly understand, how many strange accidents hath befallen 
them and him; how oft up, how oft downe, sometimes neere 
desperate, and ere long flourishing, cannot but conceive Gods 
infinite mercies and favours towards them. /. 893. 

And thus it was, that to carry on the Colonizing Effort he undertook his 
General History. 


The following Minute of the London Virginia Company at Z, 210 of Mr. 
E. D. NEILL’s History, Ed. 1869 (see Z. xxxili) is the earliest information we 
have of our Author’s largest Work. 


April 12, 1621. Mr. Smith moued, that for so much as y¢ 
lottaries were now suspended, which hitherto had continued the 
reall and substantiall food, by which Virginia hath been nourished, 
that insteade thereof shee might be now preserued by divulginge 
faire and good report as shee and her worthy vndertakers did well 
deserve: declaring that it could not but much advance the 
Plantacion in the popular opinion of the Common Subjects to 
haue a faire and perspicuous history, compiled of that Country, 
from her first discouery to this day: and to haue the memory and 
fame of many of their worthies, though they be dead, to liue and 
be transmitted to all posteritie; as namely: Sir Thomas Dale, Sir 
George Somers, Sir Walter Rawleigh, the Lord De-la-warr, Sir 
Thomas Gates, and diuers others whereunto were it not for 
suspition of flattery, he would wish also the name of many her 
other worthies yet liuinge, and some of them now present in 
Court, might haue also their honorable and good deseruinge 
commended to eternall thankfullness; for that our inabilities had 
as yet no trewer coyne, wherewith to recompense their paines and 
merritt. Affirming also, that the best now planted parts of 
America under the Spanish government, nor their Annals or 
histories of those times, in their like age of ours, nowe 12 years 
[1609-1621] old Virginia afforded better matter of relacion than 
Virginia hath donn: and doth. With what effect such a generall 
history, (deduced to the life to this yeare), would worke throughout 
the Kingdome), with the generall and common subject, may be 
gathered by the little pamphletts or declaracions lately printed 
it.e., by the London Virgima Company). And besides fewe succeedinge 
yeares would soon consume the lives of many whose livinge 
memories yet retayned much, and devour those letters and intelli- 
gences which yet remaine in loose and neglected papers. For which 
boldness, in mouinge hereof, he prayed his Lordships pardon, ledd 
herunto upon the request of some fellows of the Generallity. 


CXXVi INTRODOCTION: 


A copy of the four-page Prospectus intended for the Nobility and Gentry of 
the General History is No. 209 of the Collection of Broadsides of the Society of 
Antiquaries of London. It was evidently issued in 1623, which according to 
the old way of reckoning would extend to the 24 March 1624. It begins thus: 

¢ The generall History of Virginia, the Somer Iles, and New 
England, with the names of the Aduenturers, and their 
aduentures. Also a Catalogue of their names who were 
the first Treasurers heere, and planters and Gouernours 
there; and how they haue yeerely succeeded, from their 
first beginning 1584. to this present 1623. with the procee- 
dings of these seuerall Colonies, and the accidents that 
befell them in all their iourneys and discoueries, with the 
Mappes and descriptions of those countries, commodi- 
ties, people, gouernment, customes, and Religion yet 
knowne, for the generall good of all them who belong to 
those Plantations and all their posterities. 


Discouered, obserued, or collected by Captaine lo. SMITH 
sometime Gouernour of Virginia, and Admirall of 
New England. 


Then follow in two columns of small type, the intended Contents of the book, 
pretty nearly as we have in the Text at 4. 289-300. 
At the top of the fourth page, the Prospectus thus concludes: 


Wy Hese obseruations are all I haue for the expences of a thousand 
pound, and the losse of eighteene yeeres of time, besides all 
AS the trauels, dangers, miseries and incumbrances for my 
or countries good, I haue endured gratis: and had I not 
discouered and liued in the most of these parts, I could not possibly haue 
collected the substantiall trueth from such an infinite nomber of variable 
Relations, that would make a volume of at least a thousand sheetes : 
and this is composed in lesse then eighty sheets, besides the three Maps, 
which will stand me neere in an hundred pounds, which summe I cannot 
disbursse: nor shall the Stationers haue the copy [manuscript] for 
nothing. Therfore I humbly entreat your Honour, either to aduenture, 
or give me what you please towards the impression, and I will be both 
accountable and thankful ; not doubting but that the Story will giue 
you satisfaction, and stirre vp a double new life in the Aduenturers, 
when they shall see plainely the causes of all those defailements, and 
how they may be amended. And so I humbly rest. 


[No printed name. It was evidently intended to be 
personally signed by SMITH himself.] 


INTRODUCTION. Cxxvii 


a 


Ery touching is the Poem at %. 922 on his own career, likening 
fs himself to a Sea Mark. Still, a devout Christian all his life, as he 

\\ gets older his language becomes one of thankfulness to Almighty 
By fy GOD ; and his style is often very Biblical. _ 

L With two Summaries of his career by himself, we conclude. 

In 1629, he wrote, 

Now to conclude the travels and adventures of Captaine Smith; 
how first he planted Virginia, and was set ashore with about an 
hundred men in the wilde woods; how he was taken prisoner by 
the Savages, by the King of Pamaunke tied to a tree to be shot to 
death, led up and downe their Country to be shewed for a wonder; 
fatted as he thought, for a sacrifice for their Idoll; before whom 
they conjured him three dayes, with strange dances and invoca- 
tions; then brought him before their Emperor Powhatan, that 
commanded him to be slaine; how his daughter Pocahontas saved 
his life, returned him to Fames towne, releeved him and his 
famished company, which was but eight and thirty to possesse those 
large dominions; how he discovered all the severall nations upon 
the rivers falling into the Bay of Chisapeacke; stung neere to 
death with a most poysoned taile of a fish called Stingray: how 
{he drave] Powhatan out of his Country, tooke the Kings of 
Pamaunke and Paspahegh prisoners, forced thirty nine of those 
Kings to pay him contribution, [and] subjected all the Savages: 
how Smith was blowne up with gunpowder, and returned for 
England to be cured: 

Also how hee brought our new England to the subjection of the 
Kingdome of great Britaine ; his fights with the Pirats, left alone 
amongst a many French men of Warre, and his ship ran from 
him; his Sea-fights for the French against the Spaniards, their 
bad usage of him, how in France in a little boat he escaped them; 
was adrift all such a stormy night at Sea by himselfe, when 
thirteene French ships were split, or driven on shore by the Ile of 
Ree, the generall and most of his men drowned, when God to whom 
be all honour and praise, brought him safe on shore to all their 
admirations that escaped: you may read at large in his generall 
history of Virginia, the Summer Iles, and New England. pf. 911-912. 

And again in 1630, his heart overflows in this, our final quotation : 


Now if you but truly consider how many strange accidents have 
befallen those plantations and my selfe; how oft up, how oft 
downe, sometimes neere despaire, and ere long flourishing ; how 
many scandals and Spanolized English have sought to disgrace 


—, 


CXXVili INTRODUCTION. 


them, bring them to ruine, or at least hinder them all they could; 
how many have shaven and couzened both them and me, and 
their most honourable supporters and well-willers: [you] cannot 
but conceive God’s infinite mercy both to them and me. 

Having beene a slave to the Turks, prisoner amongst the most 
barbarous Salvages, after my deliverance commonly discoverin 
and ranging those large rivers and unknowne Nations with such a 
handfull of ignorant companions that the wiser sort often gave 
mee [up] for lost, alwayes in mutinies [7.e., of others] wants and 
miseries, blowne up with gunpowder; A long time [a] prisoner 
among the French Pyrats, from whom escaping in a little boat by 
my selfe, and adrift all such a stormy winter night, when their 
ships were split, more than a hundred thousand pound [= £400,000 
now] lost [which] they had taken at sea, and most of them drowned 
upon the Ile of Ree, not farre from whence I was driven on shore 
in my little boat &c. And many a score of the worst of winter 
moneths [have] lived in the fields: yet to have lived near 37. 
yeares [1593-1630] in the midst of wars, pestilence and famine, 
by which many an hundred thousand have died about mee, and 
scarce five living of them [that] went first with me to Virginia: and 
[yet to] see the fruits of my labours thus well begin to prosper: 
though I have but my labour for my paines, have I not much reason 
both privately and publikely to acknowledgeit and give God thankes, 
whose omnipotent power onely delivered me, to doe the utmost of 
my best to make his name knowne in those remote parts of the 
world, and his loving mercy to such a miserable sinner. £4. 944-945. 


At length, while his thoughts are engaged on yet another Work, his HZstory 
of the Sea, he dies, somewhat suddenly, at the comparatively early age of 51 
on the 21 June 1631, and was buried at St. Sepulchre’s Church, London. His 
Will and Epitaph will be found at 2%. 969-72. 


x Ls 


" x He reader of the foregoing will now be able rightly to understand 
( what manner of man Captain JOHN SMITH was; will have read 
Sq Ws y) most of what was written against him, in his own day ; will be able to 
m) distinguish the malice from the truth ; and will thus come to share 
<7“ our own high regard for his character, and admiration of his work. 
Whenever generous spirits served under him, they learned to love and 
admire the man: as witness herein, Ensign CARLTON and Sergeant ROBINSON 
in Transylvania in 1603, #f 230-231 ; the brothers PHETTIPLACE, and RICHARD 
WIFFING, Z. 185 ; ISAAC CODRINGTON, A. 181 ; RALEIGH CRASHAW, f. 184; who 
with others of the thirty or forty gentlemen under him, saved Virginia. : i 
So, at length, posterity will learn to do the like; and see in him a noble example 
of what a Christian Gentleman and Officer may be, may do, and may endure. - 


CxXxix 


te i na odd oe a chy a 
THE Epic PERIOD OF THE JAMES RIVER SETTLEMENT. 
26 April 1607—1IO0 July 1609. 


Now this our young Commonwealth in Virginia, as you have read, once consisted but of 38 persons ; 
and in two years increased but to 200. . . . If we truly consider our proceedings with the Spaniards and 
the rest, we have no reason to despair ; for, with so small charge, they never had either greater discoveries, 
with such certain trials of more several commodities, than, in this short time, hath been returned from 
Virginia, and by much less means. R. Pots, W. TANKarp, the Hon. G. Percy, £. 488. 

However some bad conditions will extol the actions of any nation but their own; yet if we may give 
credit to the Spaniards’, Portugals’ and French’s writings, they endured as many miseries; and yet not in 
twenty years effected so much, nay, scarce in forty. J. Smitu, 2. 769. 


Hat were the precise numbers in the Colony before the arrival of 
ARGAL’s ship about Io July, and of the Third Supply or reinforce- 
ment in the following month of August 1609? 

SMITH, in 1624, wrote to the Royal Commissioners, 
We had but six ships to transport and supply vs, and 


but two hundred seuenty seuen men, boies, and women, ¢. 612. 
According to the figures below, the number should be 295 ; but as they are 
round numbers, and SMITH was here writing deliberately and at leisure, the 
277 is probably correct. We have marked the six ships (1), (2), (3), &c. 
The /ustructions of 1606, ~. xxxv, contemplated the number of Colonists to 


be sent out at “six score men.” 
Purcuas, Pilgrimes iv. 1705, Ed. 1625, thus enumerates the first Expedition. 
@ Susan Constant, 100 tons, Admiral [7.¢., flag ship], Captain Newport, with 71 


2) God speed, 40 tons, Vice Admiral, Captain B. Gosnoxp, with 52 
3) A Pinnace, 20 tons, Rear Admiral, Captain J. RATCLIFFE, with 2 


144 
All these we take to be the Colonists (exclusive of Sailors) that left England in December 1606. 
Percy states, 2. lx, that on 4 April 1607, at the Isle of Virgins, they numbered “‘ eight score persons.” 
This we take to include Sailors, as well as Colonists; some of the latter having died. 


If the Colonists then originally numbered on 4 April 1607, 144 
there had died, or returned, by 22 June 1607 39 
For, on that day, Newport left in the Settlement —105 2 933 ue £ Ixx 3 
100, £. 389. 
There died of these before the arrival of the First Supply 67 op. Ixxvi, 9, 391- 
So that, on the morning of 8 Jan. 1608, the Colony consisted of 38 Bp. \xxxvi, 402, 488, 


- 531, 611, g12. 
(4) 8 Jan. 1608, the first part of First Supply arrived in Captain : 
NeEwport’s ship ‘ : Bb.1xxxvi, 23, 100, 403. 
(5) 20 April 1608, the second part arrived in Captain NELson’s 
Pheniz BP. 33; 1055 409. 


Total First Supply 120 Pp- 107, 411. 
There died between the First and Second Supply 28 


; ; f 130 PP. 122) 434. 
(6) [Oct.] 1608. The Second Supply arrived, in Captain NEwrort’s 


ship : 7o pp. 129, 445+ 
[Nov.] 1608. Captain Newport left —200 Pf. 129, 455. 
By Smiru’s great care, of these, besides those drowned with 
Master SCRIVENER(#. 143, 460) there died not above 6 or 7. 2? pp. 157, 472+ 
2 


August, 1609. The Third Supply set out with soo persons, Af. 161, 478 (of which 150, A. 161, 479 ; or 
Mgher ec, peer were shipwrecked at Bermuda): so that the portion that did arrive (and found 80 persons 
at James town, Z.cii), was over 300. Therefore, when SmirTHu left, there were in the colony 490 odd persons, 
@p. 167, 486 ; whoall perished but about 60, g. 498, in the following winter. known as 7he Starving Time. 


BABEL LOG APA YY, 


A True Relation of Occurrences and Accidents in Virginia. 


8 


A Map of 
1 


2 


3 


1608. 


[August] 1608. 
1866, 


10 June 1884. 


1612, 
1625. 


10 June 1884, 


London, 4to. See title at g. r- B.M. pressmark, C. 33. c. 353 G. 7121, 
Boston, Massa., 4to. A true Relation of Virginia, by Captain JoHN SMITH. With 
an Introduction and Notes by CHarRLES DEANE. 315 copies printed. 

B.M. pressmark, 9602, bbb. 


Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 


Virginia &c. 1612. 


Oxford, 4to. See title at #. 41. B.M. pressmark, C. 33. c. 18; G. 7120. 


London, fol. Rev. S. Purcuas, Pilgrimes. An abridgement of the Map of 
Virginza occurs in Vol. II. B.M. pressmark, 679. h. 12. 


Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 


A Description of New England &c. 1616. 


1 [3-18 June] 1616. London, gto. See title at £. 175. 


2 


8 
4 
6 
6 


7 


1617. 
1707. 


1837. 
1838. 


1865. 


to June 1884. 


B.M. pressmarks, C. 13. a. 11 (2); C. 33. c. 123 G. 7122, 
Frankfort, gto. Lrvrnus Hutstus. A Description forms the XIV. Voyage. 
Leyden, 8vo. P. Van peR AA. Naaukeurige Versameling. Wol. 102, contains 
an abridgement of A Description &c. B.M. pressmark, 979. f. 2 (s.) 
Boston, Massa., U.S.A., 8vo. Collections of the Massachusetts Historical Society. 


3rd Series. Vol. VI. contains A Description &c. B.M. pressmark, Ac. 8400. 
Washington, D.C., U.S.A., 8vo. PrtTER Force, Collection of Historical Tracts. 
A Description &'c. is the first tract in Vol. II. B.M. pressmark, 1324. g. 


Boston, Massa., U.S.A.,4to. A Description of New England ; Observations ana 
Discoveries in the North of America in the year of our Lord 1614. With the 
Success of six Ships that went the next year, 1615. By Captain JoHn SuitrH 
(Admiral of that Country). With a Facsimile of the Original Map. [See 
p. cxxxiv.] 250 copies printed. Published by Wittram VEaziE. 

The Preface to this reprint was written by CHARLES Deane, Esq., in the name 
of the Publisher. B.M. pressmark, roqg1r. dd. 
Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 


New England’s Trials. 1620. 


1 
2 


8 


[Dec.] 1620. 
(July] 1873. 


10 June 1884, 


London, gto. See title at p. 233. B.M. pressmark, C. 33. c. 15¢ 
Cambridge, Mass., 4to, New England's Trials, written by Captain JoHn Smrrn. 
A reprint of the rare first edition of 1620. With a Prefatory Note by CHarLEs 
Deane. The Preface is dated 1 July 1873. 50 copies printed- 

B.M. pressmark, 10408 bb. 
Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 


New England’s Trials. 1622. 


1 


2 


4 


[October] 1622. 


1838, 


[April] 1867, 


to June 1884. 


London, 4to. See title at 4. 249, and passage fixing the month in which it was 
written at p. 264. B.M. pressmarks, C. 33. c. 5 ; 1061. a. 121 (3); G. 7197, 
Washington, D.C., U.S.A., 8vo. PrTer Force, Collection of Historical Tracts. 
New England's Trials, 1622, is the second Tract in Vol. II. 

B.M. pressmark, 1324. g, 
Providence, R.I., U.S.A. New England's Trials, 1622. A facsimile reprint issued 
by the late Mr JoHN CarTER Brown, with the following prefatory note :— 

““The interest connected with all the writings of Captain Joun Smiru has 
induced the owner of the present tract, one of the rarest and least known of his 
publications, to print a few copies for distribution among the collectors of books 
relating to America. 

“The reprint is a facsimile, page for page, including the wood-cut ornaments, of 
the original, which is the second edition. No copy of the first edition has fallen 
under the notice of the possessor of the present copy.” Ff Goye. 
Providence, R.I., April 1867. 60 copies printed. B.M. pressmark, 10410. f, 
Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 


The General 


re 


a on pe © LS] 


ono ww 


England, 


{July] 1624. 


1626. 


1627. 
1632. 
1632. 
1812. 


1819. 


10 June 1884. 
1907. 


Pare LGOOR AP AY, CXXXI 


e . e e 
History of Virginia, Summer Isles, and New 
1624. 
London, fol. (a) See title on engraved frontispiece, which, in this present impres- 
sion, forms a folding plate opposite 9. 272. B.M. pressmark, G. 7037. 
*." The engravings of the Duchess of RicHMonD and MaToaKka (4. cxxxvi) did 
not form parts of this original edition. 
London, fol. (b) Tztle edition only. The same;text issued with a fresh title page. 
B.M. pressmark, 601, |. 8- 


London, fol. (c) Title edition only, B.M. pressmark, 601. 1. 9. 
London, fol. (d) Tztle"edition only. B.M. pressmark, 984. f. 17. 
London, fol. (e) Title‘edition only. B.M. pressmark, 147. d. 2. 
London, 4to. J. PINKERTON. A general Collection of . . . Voyages &c. Vol. 13 
contains the General History B.M. pressmark, 2057. d. 
Richmond, Va., U.S.A., 8vo. The General History is inserted in the midst of a 
reprint of the True Travels. B.M. pressmark, 1447, g 17. 


Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 
Glasgow, 2 vols, 8vo, illustrated. Captain F¥ohn Smith's Travels. 


An Accidence for the Sea, 1626, 
or The Seaman’s Grammar, 1627. 


There are two Versions of this Work. The earlier one as SmrtruH wrote it, and here printed at 
pp. 785-804: the later, in which it was recast altogether and much enlarged by B. F. 


ow wo ne 


5 
6 


The True 
1 


1626. 
1627. 


1636. 
to June 1884. 
1907. 


{6 Nov. 1652.) 


1691. 
1692. 


1625. 


2[Aug. 1629] 1630. 


3 


so a Nn 8 


1678. 
1706. 
1707+ 
1727. 
1732. 
1744. 


1752. 


THetre First VERSION. 


London, 8vo. See title at p. 785. B.M. pressmarks, 533. d. 3 (1); 533. f. 21 (1). 
London, 8vo. The Seaman’s Grammar. 

No copy at present in the British Museum. There is a copy in the Bodleian. 
London, 8vo. Anz Accidence forjthe Sea &c. Without any name of author, and 
with a new Preface by B. F. B.M. pressmark, 534. a. 32+ 
Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 

Glasgow, 2 vols. 8vo, illustrated. Captain Fohn Smith's Works. 


Tue Stconvd VERSION. 


1653. London, 4to. The Seaman's Grammar. A rearranged and much enlarged 
edition of Sm1TH’s tract, now divided into 15 Chapters. 


B.M. pressmark, E. 679 (9). 
London, 4to (a)'The Seaman's Grammar. B.M. pressmark, 51. c. 8. 
London 4to (b) Yitle edition only. B.M. pressmark, 533 d. 3 (2). 


Travels &c., 1630. 


London, fol. Rey. S. Purcuas’s Pilgrimes. The substance of our Author’s 
wanderings first appeared, abridged, in Vol. II. of the Pzlgrimes. 
B.M. pressmark, 679. h. 12. 
London, fol. See title at J. 805. 
B.M.'pressmarks, 566. g. 1 (1); B. 273 (1); G. 7195. 
Amsterdam, 4to. J. SANDERSON. Seer gedenchwaerdige vorjagien &c. An 
abridgement of the True Travels &c. 
Leyden, 8vo. P. vANDER AA. Naaukeurige Versameling, Vol. 73. 
B.M. pressmark, 979. c. 21 (2). 
Leyden, 8vo. P. vANDERAA. Waauheurige Versameling. Vol. 89. 
B.M. pressmark, 979. c. 23 (1). 
Leyden, fol. P. van per Aa. Aanmerkenswaardigste Zee. Deel 5. 
e ‘ B.M. pressmark, 566. 1. 7. 
London, fol. A. & J. Cuurcuity. Collection of Voyages, &c. The True 


Travels occurs in Vol. II. B.M. pressmark, 566. k. 7. 
London, fol. A. & J. Cuurcuity. Collection of Voyages, °c. The True 
Travels occurs in Vol. II. B.M. pressmark, 455. f. 1. 


London, fol. A. & J. CuurcHILL. Collection of Voyages, &c. The True 
Travels occurs in Vol, II, B.M. pressmark, 215 e. 2+ 


CXXXii BBL FOCGCRAPEA?. 


10 1819, Richmond, Va., U.S.A., 8vo. The Zrue Travels are reprinted with the General 
History. B.M. pressmark, 1447. g. 17+ 

11 10 June 1884. Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 

12 June 1907. Anno Dom. 1593-1629. London and New York, 8vo. Edited, with Introduction, 
by ALEx. J. Poitier. The New University Library. 

13 1907. Glasgow, 2 vols. 8vo, illustrated. Captain Fohn Smith's Works. 

14 Dec. 1908. Cambridge, 8vo. _ Edited, with Introduction and Notes, by E. A. BENIAM 


Books I. to III. Exglish Literature for Schools. 


Advertisements to Unexperienced Planters, &c. 1631. 


1 [Oct. 1630] 1631. London, 4to. See title at f. 917. B.M. pressmark, C. 33. c. 14. 
2 1832. Boston, Massa., U.S.A., 8vo. Collections of the Massachusetts Historical 
Society. 3rd Series. Vol. III. contains the Advertisements éc. 
B.M. pressmark, Ac. 8400. 
8 1865. Boston, Massa., U.S.A., 4to. | Advertisements. B.M. pressmark, 10413. he 
4 10 June 1884. Birmingham, England, 8vo. The English Scholar's Library. 


Lives of Captain John Smith. 
1 1782. Berlin, 8vo. CARL FRIEDRICH SCHEIBLER. Retsen, Entdeckungen und Unter- 
nehmungen des Schifs[!] Capitain Iohan Schmidt. B.M. pressmark, 1052. d. 1. 
2 1834. Boston, Massa.,U.S.A. J.Spargs. TheiLiorary of American Biography. The 
Life of Captain Fohn Smith, by GEORGE S. HILLARD, is in Vol. II. 
B.M. pressmark, 2040. a. 
(1843.] New York, U.S.A. The Life of Captain Fohn Smith, by W. Gi-mMoreE Simms. 
B.M. pressmark, 10880 c. 
1881. New York, U.S.A. Lives of American Worthies. Captain Fohn Smith,...A 
study of his Life and Writings, by CHARLES DUDLEY WARNER. 
1882. New York. Memozr, by CHARLES KILTRIDGE TRUE. 
1884. London, 8vo. The Life of Captain Fohn Smith, by JOHN ASHTON. 
1893. Captain Fohn Smith and his Critics, by J. POINDEXTER. 
1go1. London and New York, 8vo. The Adventures of Captain Fohn Smith, by 
MarGaretT P. Woops. 
1902. LONGMANS, 8vo. The Adventures of Captain John Smith, by E. P. Roperts. 
1904. New York. Captain Fohn Smith. 


10 1905. MacmiLLan. Captain Fohn Smith, by A. G. BRapLEy. English Men of 
Action Series. 


© aIan co t<-) 


See also Dictionary of National Biography, ‘vol. lxiii. ; and for particulars regarding the story of 
Smith and Pocahontas, see ROLFE, vol. xlix., and Wyndham Robertson’s Pocahontas and her 
Descendants, 1887. 


A short chronological List of English books, co-ordinate, 
or supplementary to the present Text. 


(All these Works were published in London, unless otherwise stated, from the time our Auth: 
Virginia; and will be found helpful to the further study of the History of our First English Cabae 


Up to Captain Smith’s death. 1631. 


1590-1650. Levinus Hutstus, &c. Collection of Voyages. In German, &c. Frankfort 
eet a Witt1am BRADFORD. Of Plimoth Plantation. Nie Hist. pe va 
‘aston, 185 a 


sot eee aes ae Eee a oO: me oe a =k = 8vo. 
1609. FERDINANDO DE Soto. Virginia richly valucd. Trans. by Rev. R. HAKL ; 
Rfopert] G[RAy]. A good Spede to Virginia m3 m oer ae sear = as aa 
Rev. Witt1am Symonves. Sermon preached on 25 Apr. 1609 ... cae aa aS ; tio 
Marc Lescarsot. Novia Francia &c. Trans. by P. E[RONDELLE, =< x i Seo 
(R.1.] Nova Britannia Offeringe &c.  ... ae =e ace an ade = ne 
1610. [R. Ric. Newes from Virginia. In Verse. 1865.]  ... ae aa a * sai art 
WitiiAm CrasHaw, B.D. A Sermon preached on 21 Feb. 1600[-r0] : Me Ai an, 


Council of Virginia. A true and sincere declaration of the purpose and ends of the 
Plantation &c .... ae “35 aah on sh er ae wet aah ae to. 
Council for Virginia. A true Declaration of the Estate of the Colonie in Virginia, &c. ne 


BLBISOG RA PH ¥,, CXXXili 


[1610-5. WitttAM StracueEy. History of Travaile into Virginia Britannia. Hakluyt Soc. 1849.] 
1611. THomas West, Lord DE-La-WarRE. Relation, &c. ... aes ove eee coe 
1612. [R.1.] The new Life of Virginea. [Part II. of Nova Britannia) aon 
[WititaM StRaAcHEY.] or the Colony in Virginia Britannica. Lawes dinine, ‘morall 
and martiall ... 


1613. Rev. SamueL Purcuas his Pilerimage. (end Ed. in 1614; ; ard Ed. in 1617; : . 4th Ed. in 1626, ) 4 


W.C. A Plaine Description of the Barmudas .. avi 
Rev. A. WHITTAKER. Good news from Virginia. With a Preface by W. CrasHaw aie 


Rosert Harcourt. A Relation of a Voyage to Guiana ae oe ae ae 
1615. RatpH Hamor. A true Discourse of the present Estate of Virginia aaa an mee 
1618. Newes of Sir Walter Raleigh: with the true Description of Guiana ae sen ane 


1619. Council for Virginia. A Note of the Shipping &c. sent to Virginia .. 
Council for Virginia. Another Note of the Shipping &c. with the names of ‘Adventurers 
1620. Council for Virginia. A Declaration of the State of the Colony, 22 Fune 1620... a0 
Council for Virginia. A Declaration .. . touching the present estate, 20 Sept. 1620  . 
Governor Joun Mason. A Briefe Discourse of the New-found-land. Edinburgh =< 
RICHARD WHITBOURNE. A Discourse and Discovery of Ce ie ra a aaa 


Bishop Joun Kine. A Sermon preached on 6 March 1620 ave AS see 
1622. Roser] C[usumMAN], A Sermon preached at New Plimouth, 9 Dec. 16 2r 8 vip ane! 
Bermuda. Orders and Constitutions &c. 6 Feb. 1621[-2] or we os 
Rev. Patrick CopLanp. A Sermon preached on the 18 April 1622 ae Bes ae vem 
[Rev. Joun Brinstey.] A Consolation for our Grammar Schools ... "FS on 


[Joun BonniEv.] His Maiesties gracious Letter. About Silk Works and Vines eae 
{[G. Mourt?] A Relation or Iournall of the beginning of ... New Plimouth . 
Epwarp WATERHOUSE. A Declaration of the State of the Colony... with A Rela- 
tion of the barbarous Massacre de cs 
Rev. Joun i pas D.D. A Sermon preached on 13 November 1622... oe fe 
A brief Relation of the Discovery of New England, 1607-1622. 
Sata WHITBOURNE. A loving Invitation for... the Plantation in Newfoundland 
1624. Sir WILLIAM ALEXANDER, afterwards Earl of STERLING. An Encouragement to the 
Colonies, 4to. Title Editions in 1625 and 1630. 
E[pwarp] WItnstow]. Good Newes from New England 
[On the 28th July 1624, the following was entered at Stationers’ “Hall, London (Transcript, 
iv. 112; Ed. 1877), but query if ever published: 
Captain Joun JEFFERIES. News from Virginia, or Virginia stript naked. 
1625. Rev. SamuEL Purcuas kis Pilgrimes oes ws 
Rev. WILLIAM MorreELL. New England &c. In Latin and English Verse 
Sir Ropert Gorpon. Encouragements... Cape Briton, now New Galloway. Edinburgh 
Joun Hactuorre. Lnglands Exchequer... concerning Plantations... 
1626. OreHeEus junior [Sir WILLIAM VAUGHAN]. The Golden Fleece... from Newfoundland 
1628. CurisToPHER LeveTt. A Voyage into New England, 1623-4 “ aan 
Governor R{ozzertT] H[avman]. Quodlibets from Newfoundland 
16380. [Rev. Francis Hiccinson.] New Englands Plantation. (Three editions in this year)... 
[Rev. Joun Wuite.] The Planter’s Plea : or, the Grounds of Plantation examined 


[Rev. Joun Cotton.] Gods promise to his Plantation nee nae ao Abe sea 
Later Works. 

1632. ? A publication of Guiana’s Plantation, &c. .. ae ave tee Ron eee 
1634. Witt1AmM Woop. New England’s Prospect ars ee ae 
1635. Luxe Fox. North-west Fox; or, FOX from the Nota passage swe aot ea 
1635. Jop. Honpius. Azstoria Mundi, &c. Trans. by WyE part aed on6 woes 
1637. THomas Morton. New English Canaan ... ae a6 <i 
1638. JoHN UNDERHILL. WVewes from America, ora discoverie rary : of New England... af 
1648. Tuomas Gace. The English American... ora New eae of the West Indies sn 
1654. [Epwarp Jounson.] A History of New Eneland, 1628-1652 .. ia pve rr) oa 
1659. FERDINANDO GorGES. America painted to the Life. 4 Parts Ree we _ ao 
1669. NatTHanieL Morton. New England’s Memorial . rer, ai, ae Ree wr 
1677, WitLt1aAM Hupparp. The Tread State of New England oe ea 


1705. R(overt] Bleveriey]. History and Present State of Virginia. (ond Ed. in 1722) 
1736-55. Rev. T. Prince. A Chronological History of New England. Boston, Massa. aah 
1747. Witiiam Stitu. History of the First Discovery &c. of Virginia. Williamsburg, Va. 
1804-16. Joun Burk. History of Virsinia from its first settlement. 3Vols. Petersburg, Va. 
1819-23, W.W. Henine. The Statutes at Large... of Virginia from ,.. 1619. 13 Vols. 
Richmond, Vax sss i oe ai cee , aad eee ae 
1860. CHARLES CAMPBELL. gee of the Colony and Ancient Dominion of ee 
Philadelphia, Pa. oo oon 
1861. Bishop W1LL1AM Mzavz. Old Churches, Ministers, and Families in Vireinia. 2 Vols. 
Philadelphia, Pa. 
1869. Epwarp DuFFIzELD NEILL. History of the Vi ivginia Company of London. Albany, N.Y. 
1871. Epwaxrp DurFizL_p NEILL. The English Colonization of America... wee wes 


CXXXIV BIBLIOGRAPHY. 


James Lenox, CHARLES DEANE, and JUSTIN WINSOR. 


The Ten States of SmitH’s New England Map. 


Mr. ¥ustin Winsor, at p. 52 of the first volume of the noble Memorial 
History of Boston, Massa. 4 Vols. 1880-1, has given the following, which is the 
Jullest account of the various tssues of the New England Map. 


SMITH’s map, as the real foundation of our New England cartography, deserves 
particular attention. To the draft which he made he affixed the Indian names, or such 
as whim had prompted him to give while he surveyed the shores. There is rarely 
found in copies of the Description of New England a leaf [see p. 232], printed on one side 
only, which reads as follows: ‘‘ Because the Booke was printed ere the Prince his Highnesse 
had altered the names, I intreate the Reader peruse this schedule; which will plainly shew 
him the correspondence of the old names to the new.” Below this are two columns, one 
giving the old names, the other the new ones ; the latter such as Prince CHARLES, then a 
lad of fifteen, had affixed to the different points, bays, rivers, and other physical features, 
when SMITH showed himthe map. As engraved, the map has the Prince’s nomenclature ; 
the book has SMITH’s or the earlier ; and this rare leaf is to make the two mutually 
intelligible. 

So far as is known to me, this map exists in ten States of the plate, and I purpose now 
to note their distinctive features. In this study I make use of some memoranda of Mr. 
James Lenox and Mr. Cuas. DEANE, printed in Worton’s Literary Gazette, new 
series, i. (1854) 134, 219; but I add one condition (VIII.) to their enumeration. 


I. The original condition of the map bears in the lower left-hand corner, Simon Paseus scuilpsit ; 
Robert Clerke excudit ; and in the lower right-hand corner, London, Printed by Geor: Low. The title 
NEW ENGLAND is in large letters at the top, to the right of it the English arms, and beneath it, Te most 
vemarqueable parts thusnamed | by thehigh and mighty Prince CHARLES, | Prince of great Britaine. 
The latitude is marked on the right-hand side only: there are no marks of longitude. Boston Harbor is 
indicated by a bay with eight islands, and a point of land extending from the southwest within it. The 
River Charles extends inland from the northwest corner of the bay, a short distance. A whale, a ship, 
and a fleet are represented upon the sea. There is no date beneath the scale. There are many names on 
later states not yet introduced, and some of the present names are changed in the later impressions, as will 
be noted below. 

Of the names which the Prince assigned, but three became permanently attached to the localities, and 
these are,—PUimouth to the spot which CHAMPLAIN had called Port St. Louis, which the natives called 
Accomack, and which the Pilgrims continued to call by this newer name, seven or eight years later ; Cafe 
Anna, for which Smitu had sacrificed the remembrance of his Eastern romance [Z. 204]; and The River 
Charles, which had been previously known as Massachusets River ; while the name Massachusets Mount, 
earlier applied to our Blue Hill, became, under CHARLES’s pen, Cheuyot hills. GosNoLp’s Cafe Cod proved 
better rooted than CitARLES’s monument to his dynasty, Cage Jamies, and so the Prince’s Stuvard’s Bay has 
given place to Cape Cod Bay. Our own name,—Boston,—as is the case with many other well-known 
names of this day, appears in connection with a locality remote fromits present application. It supplanted 
Smitn’s Accominticus, and stood for the modern York in Maine. Two of the Captain’s names were 
suffered to stand,—New England as the general designation of the country, and Syzith’s Isles, within ten 
years afterwards to be known among the English as the /sles of Shoals. London was put upon the shore 
about where Hingham or perhaps Cohasset is; Oxford stood for the modern Marshfield ; Poynt Sutilif 
is adjacent, and does duty for CHamPLatn’s C. de S. Louis and the present Brant Rock ; and Poynt George 
is the designation of the Gurnet. 

Of the copies of the book known to be in America, but one has the map in this state, and that is the 
Prince copy, in which the map is unfortunately imperfect, but not in an essential part. From this copy 
C. A. Swett, of Boston, engraved the fac-simile which appeared in VEazir’s reprint [f. cxxx.] of the 
Description of New England, in 1865. 

In 1617, Huxstus, the German collector, translated Smitu’s Description for his Voyages, and re- 
engraved the map; but the names in the lower corners were omitted, and Smirn’s title, the verses con- 
cerning him, and some of the explanations were given in German. Hutstus’s map, beside accompanying 
his Part XIV., first edition, 1617, and second edition, 1628, is often found in Part XIII. (Hamor’s 
Virginia), and is also given in Part XX. (New England and Virginia), 1629. 

Il. The date, 1614, is for the first time inserted under the scale, and the names P. Travers and Gerrards 
iis are put in near Pembrocks Bay (Penobscot). A copy of this second state is in the Harvard College 
copy of the Description of 1616. We give a heliotype of a portion of it. A lithographic fac-simile of the 
whole, but without the ships, &c., is given in 3 Mass. Hist. Coll. iii., and in a reduced form by photo- 
lithography in PALFREY's New England, i. 95. Mr. LENox supposed that this state of the plate may have 
been first used in the 1620 edition of SmiTu’s New England’s Trials, no copy of which was known to be in 
this country when Mr. Dgang, in 1873, reprinted it in the Proceedings of the Mass. Hist. Society, Feb. 187% 


Bite ELOCRIP HP. CXXXV 


III. Smitu’s escutcheon, but without the motto, was introduced in the lower left-hand corner. This 
state is found in Mr. DEAne’s copy of the Generall Historie, 1624, and in the Lenox copy of the Descrip- 
tion of 1616. Mr. LENox supposed this state may have been first used in the 1622 edition of Mew 
Lngland's Trials. 

IV. The motto Vincere est vivere is put in a scroll to the left of Smiru’s escutcheon. The degrees of 
latitude and longitude are noted on all sides. Copies of this state are found in the Charles Deane and 
Carter Brown copies of the Description of 1616, and it was also in the Crowninshield copy, taken from 
Boston to England some years since. Mr. Lenox supposed this state to have originally belonged to the 
first edition of the Generall Historie, 1624, in which Smitru gathered his previous independent issues. 
There was no change in the several successive editions of this book (1624, 1626, 1627, 1632, the last in two 
issues) except in the front matter ; and, speaking of this book, F1Exp, in his /xdian Bibliography, p. 366, 
says of the original issue, ‘‘ It is so commonly the case as almost to form the rule, that even the best copies 
have been made up by the substitution of later editions of some of the maps.” Some of the copies were 
on large paper. 

The name Paynes J/s is put down on the Maine coast. Cross-lines are made on the front of the 
breastplate in the portrait of SmiTu, in the upper left-hand corner, and the whole portrait is retouched. 
Robert Clerke’s name is partly obliterated. This state is supposed to belong to the 1626 edition of the 
Generall Historie. The edition of this date in Cornell University Library (Sparks Collection) has but a 
part of the map, which, however, so far conforms. It is in Mr. BARLow’s 1624 edition. 

VI. The name of James Reeue in the lower right-hand corner is substituted for that of George Low. 
The name of the engraver is given with an additional s,—Passwus. ‘This state is supposed by Mr. Lnnox 
to belong to the 1627 edition of the Gexerall Historie, of which there are copies in the Mass. Hist. Soc. 
rob ae in the Prince Library (with notes by Prince). This state is in the 1632 edition in Harvard 

‘ollege Library. 

VII. The last line of the inscription at the top is changed to read: nowe King of great Britaine. In 
the portrait the armor is figured. Wgst’s Bay is placed on the outer side of Sa lames. Pt. Standish 
corresponds to the modern Manomet Point. The word NEW is inserted above Plimouth. P. Wynthrop 
is put north of Cafe Anna. P. Reeues is put near /pswich. Salem is laid down just north of Cafe Anna. 
Fullerton Ileis changed to Frauncis Ile; Cary Ils to Claiborne IIs (off Boston Harbor); and ?, Murry 
to P. Saltonstale (south of Boston Harbor). The bay (Boston Harbor) is enlarged westward, a point of 
land within it erased, and the islands increased from eight to eighteen. 

Mr. Lenox held that this state first appeared in Smith’s Advertisements to Planters, 1631, and it is 
found in the Carter Brown copy of this tract. The Harvard College copy, however, has the state X., and 
the Charles Deane copy has 1X. Mr. Lenox has questioned if this state did not sometimes make part of 
Hiceinson’s New England's Plantation, of which there were three editions printed in 1630, the first of 
twenty, and the second enlarged to twenty-six pages. The two copies of the book in Harvard College 
Library, the three editions in the Lenox Library, and the copy which was in the Brinley sale, all, however, 
want the map. SparkE, who printed the second edition of en owned the plate, as he 
printed the Generall Historie of 1624, 1626, and 1627, and the //istoria Mundi of 1635, which all had the 
map. Yet, if it properly belongs to H1cGinson, it is strange that a map misplacing Sa/em, where Hiccin- 
son lived, should be used; and the names Wynthrop and Saltonstale could have been given only in 
anticipation of the arrival of those gentlemen. 

VIII. Martins Ile is given in Penobscot Bay. Perhaps some of the changes named under IX. were 
made in this state (except the Plymouth Company’s arms) ; for the only example of it which I have found 
is a fragment (two thirds) of the map belonging to Harvard Coles Library, the westerly third being 
gone. It belonged, perhaps, to the first issue of the 1632 edition of the General Historie. 

IX. The arms of the Council for New England are given in the centre of the plate. The following 
changes may first have appeared in the preceding number. The name Char/ton is inserted just south of 
the mouth of Te River Charies. Salem misplaced is obliterated, and the name is inserted in its proper 
place. Two unfinished arms of the sea, on the north of Zalbotts Bay, are extended inland, covering the 
position of a church in previous states. This may have belonged to the second 1632 issue of the Generall 
Historie, and it appears in such copies in Harvard College Library and in Mr. BARLow’s copy. It is in 
Mr. DEANE’s Advertisement to Planters of 1631. 

X. The River Charles is extended to the left-hand edge of the plate, and symbols of towns with 
figures of men, animals, and representations of Indian huts are scattered near it. On its north bank the 
following names are inserted, beginning at the west: Watertowne, Newtowne, Medford, Charlestown, 
and beyond the Yawmouth of the original plate Saugus is putin. The south bank shows Roxberry, 
Boston (represented as five leagues up the river, by the at, and Winnisime. Cheuyot hills is erased 
and the name Dorchester is inserted along the eastern slope of the picture of the hill which still remains. 
London and Oxford still stand. A school of fish is delineated under the single ship. Under the compass 
these words appear: He that desyres to know more of the Estate of new England lett him read anew 
Book of the prospecte of new England & ther he shall have Sattisfaction. Although the old date, 1614, 
is still kept on the plate, this inscription shows that this state followed the publication of Woon’s New 
England's Prospects, 1634, and it seems to have been made for the following work: Historia Mundi, or 
Mercator's Atlas... Enlarged with new Mapps and Tables by the studious industrie of Sodocus 
Hondy. Englished by Wye] Saltonstall]. London, Printed for Michaell Sparke and Samuel Cart- 
wright, 1635, folio. 

This state is found in the Harvard College copy of the Advertisement to Planters, 1631. sels 

The modern fac-simile, by SwET?, of the first state was also altered for VzAz1x to suit this condition, but 
the engraver did not observe that a third s had been inserted in the name of Passeus. ‘This altered 
engraving is found in J. S. Tennxss’s /sles of Shoals, New York, 1873. 


CXXXVi Bose. OG R.A Poe 


Mrs. HERBERT JONES. 


Description of the original painting of POCAHONTAS. 


Mrs. HERBERT FONES of Sculthorpe, Fakenham, Norfolk, the author of 
Sandringham, Past and Present, 1883, has kindly furnished the following account 
of the Gorlestone picture. 


While PocanonTas was in London, her portrait was painted. It has become known to us by the quarto 
engraving made from it by Simon DE Passx, which may occasionally be met with, and which first appeared 
with other portraits, in a volume by the brothers Dz Passe, 1616-23. SIMON DE PASSE was an artist 
whose family came from the Low Countries, and numbered several engravers among its members. He 
was born at Utrecht in rsgr, and practised in England about ten years, commencing in the year 1613, the 
date of his earliest English work. He was not a painter, but engraved the portraits, chiefly from NicHOLAS 
HILuiarb, of many distinguished persons; among them James I., Henry, Prince of WALEs, the Earl of 
SoMERSET, and the Duke of BucKINGHAM. — 

But the original painting of Pocanontas—a picture which has long been sought for, and which is now 
ascertained to be in Norfolk—claims description and notice, and a mention of the one very slight clue 
which can be given to its history. } 

The last Mr. PETER Etwin, who lived at the family seat, Booton Hall, near Aylsham, in Norfolk, and 
who was born in 1730, and died in 1798, was a descendant of the daughter and heiress of ANTHONY 
Rotre, of Tuttington. She had married an Ewin, and had brought the Tuttington estate into the 
Ewin family. It was in consequence of this connexion between the Rotrres and Etwins that a portrait 
of PocAHONTAS was presented to the said Mr. PETER Etwin, of Booton, by a lady, Madame ZuUCHELLI. 
This is mentioned in his note-book, the entry (undated) being in his own handwriting : POCAHONTAS, 
given to me by Madame ZUCHELLI. As Mr. Etwin habitually added the name of the painter, in his 
memoranda of the many pictures in his possession, and omitted to do so in this instance, it is probable that 
the lady was ignorant of it.* No memorandum was left by Mr. Etwin of the previous owners of the 
portrait, but he possessed the knowledge (as is remembered by his grandson, from the testimony of Mrs. 
Prrer Ewin, who survived her husband thirty-two years +) that the picture was what it professed to be ; 
namely, a painting of the time of James I., and an authentic representation from life of PocAHONTAS. 

The picture itself, which is finely painted, bears every token of genuineness, both as to the assumed period 
of execution, and as to its direct delineation of the living features of the sitter. It is the undoubted 
original of Dz Passk’s engraving, but is without signature. The artist can only be conjectured; he was 
probably one of that group of painters in oils, employed in the days of E11zaBETH and the two first 
Sruarts, whose works are of recognized excellence, and who rank next and nearest to the three or four of 
exalted genius—as ZUCCHERO, JANSEN, and VANDycK. Such an one was Nicova Locker, who painted 
an oval portrait of Dr. Kine, Bishop of London; the Bishop who was the friend of PocaHonrTas, and in 
whose palace she was a visitor. 

The dimensions of the picture are two feet six inches and a half by two feet one inch. A painted oval 
encloses the portrait. The painting of the face, and of the details of the dress is clear and finished, and 
shows great delicacy and beauty of execution. The whole effect of the colouring is rich, mellow, and deep- 
toned, with the indescribable quality shed over it which time alone can give. The portrait is aghtts 
smaller than life, the face stamped unmistakably with the Indian type, and denoting intelligence and 
thoughtfulness, with much dignity both in its expression, and in the carriage of the head. She looks at 
once royal in birth and in nature. The features are handsome and well formed, the lips bright red, the 
skin dark, smooth, and vellum-like, with a suspicion ofa copper tint. The eyes are remarkable; prolonged 
at the corners, more meditative than brilliant, like still pools rather than flashing water. Their colour is 
a rich, decided, undeniable brown, with very blue tints on the white eyeballs. The eyebrows are straight 
and black, the short hair by the ear throws out a glistening pearl earring. The deep lace ruff, rising 
behind, defines sharply the shape of the face, which shows the high cheekbones, and the outline narrowing 
abruptly below them, so characteristic of her race. The hat she wears on her head, and which in the print 
has a grotesque appearance, sinks unnoticed into the scarcely less dark background, while the richly-chased 
broad golden band round it gives the effect of a coronet, and is in kappy combination with the colouring of 
the face. She wears a mantle of red brocaded velvet, much ornamented with gold ; the under dress dark, 
puttoned with gold buttons. A small, taper hand holds a fan of three white ostrich feathers. 

Around the portrait are the words, Matoaka Rebecka filia potentiss Princ: Powhatani Imp. Virginia. 

On a space beneath :—Matoaks als [i.e., alias) Rebecka, daughter to the mighty prince Powhatani 


Emperour of Attanoughkomouck als (i.e., alias] Virginia, converted and baptized in the Christi it, 
and wife to the worsh{ipfuldd Mr. Thos. Rolf. = ; e sient 


Close under the figure, within the oval, is written, tatis sue 21. A° 1616. 


ainter’s name meant that ZUCHELLI 


* It has been surmised that Mr. ELwin’s unusual omission of mep 
as ever been known tc visit England. 


stood for the artist as well as the giver, but no painter of that name 
+ She died April, 1830, aged eighty-five years, 


“if ( Y/ ly. 
GE ths Mi as Rhe chee: ba J 1 dag bler ly Whe mgt v Pines 
ae Z 


Po 
, Eimperu a - Aten aye? komeih ahs WAAL 
Yok wand he fun 4 a i lie ab 4 / ws lian “iif, 4 aud 


the air <7. Soh Ri 


THE ROLFE PORTRAIT OF POCAHONTAS. 


eh VB = ReK 


lation of such occur- 


rences and accidents of noate as 


hath hapned in Virginia since the first 
planting of that Collony, which is now 
resident in the South part thereof, till 
the last returne from 


thence. 


[The ascription on the Title-pages that were probably first printed : 
Written by a Gentleman of the said Collony, to a worshipfull 
friend of his in England.] 


[Ascription on what were probably the second Title-pages (as in the two British Museum 
copies, C. 33. c. 35 and Grenville 7,121), specifying some Author, though the wrong one. 


Written by Th. Watson. Gent. one of the said Collony, to a 
worshipfull friend of his in England.] 


[Ascription on the corrected final Title-pages, issued with the Preface on ZA. 3-4.) 


Written by Captain Smith, Coronell of the said Collony, to a 
worshipfull friend of his in England. 


L-OOND OWN. 
Printed for John Tappe, and are to bee solde at the Grey- 
hound in Paules-Church-yard, by W. W. 
1608 


This 7rue Relation is the earliest printed account of the James 
river Settlement. , 

It is quite clear from the text at . 40, that this Relation was finished 
after the loading of the Phenix, and her leaving James Town for Eng- 
land: and we know from #¢#. 109, 413, that she was off Cape Henry on 
the 2nd June 1607. Therefore the latest date that can be assigned 
for its composition is that day. 

The Phenix made a quick voyage home, and reached London 
before the following 7 July, see Z. xcil. 

This Relation was thus entered for publication at Stationers’ Hall. 


13 Angusti [1608] 
William Welby. Entred for their copie vnder the handes of. master. 
John Tappe/ WILSON and Th[e]warden Master Lownes/ A booke 
called A true relation of suche occurrences and 
accidentes of note as haue happened in Virginia synce 
the first plantinge of that Colonye which is nowe 
resident tn the south parte of Virginia till master 
NELSONS comminge away from them, &c. vjd. 
A Transcript of the Regtsters of the Company of Stationers of 
London, 1554-1640 A.D., Ed. by E. ARBER, iii. 388, London, 1876. 


For the bibliography of this Tract, see 2. cxxx. 

This Relation is nothing but an ordinary “pamphlet of news,” and 
is carelessly printed. 

Mr. CHARLES DEANE, at #. xiv of his reprint of 1866, states : 

“This little black-letter quarto has for a long time been considered 
‘rare’ among book-collectors, although at the present time I know of six 
copies in this country [U. S. A.]. Five of these I have had the privilege 
of examining. In the library of Colonel ASPINWALL, late Consul of 
the United States in London, which was recently purchased by Mr. 
BARLOW, of New York, is a copy with a Smith title page, and ex- 
planatory preface. Mr. JAMES LENOX, of New York, also has a copy 
like that. Mr. JOHN CARTER BROWN, of Providence, R.I., has a 
copy, with the Watson title page, in a manuscript fac-sémzle, and 
without the explanatory preface. A copy with the Watson title, and 
also with the preface, is in the library of the New York Historical 
Society. A copy wanting the title page, and also the preface, is in 
the library of Harvard College. 

“Mr. LENOX has within a few months [1876] received from London 
a second copy of this tract, differing in its title page from either of 
the others described. It has neither the name of Szthnor of Watson 
on the title page, but simply the words, By a Gentleman. It also 
contains the explanatory preface. 

“The text of all these copies is the same, there never having heen 
but one edition. The leaves are not paged.” 


To the Courteous Reader. 


Pin Ourteous, Kind, and indifferent Readers, whose 
willingnesse to reade and heare this following 
discourse, doth explaine to the world your 
w~cA hearty affection, to the prosecuting and further- 
ance of so worthy an action: so it is, that like to an vn- 
skilfull actor, who hauing by misconstruction of his right 
Cue, ouer-slipt himselfe, in beginning of a contrary part, 
and fearing the hatefull hisse of the captious multitude, 
with a modest blush retires himselfe in priuate; as doubt- 
ing the reprehension of his whole audience in publicke, 
and yet againe vpon further deliberation, thinking it better 
to know their censures at the first, and vpon submission 
to reape pardon, then by seeking to smother it, to incurre 
the danger of a secret scandall: Imboldening himselfe 
vpon the curteous kindnesse of the best, and not greatly 
respecting the worst, comes fourth againe, makes an 
Apollogie for himselfe, shewes the cause of his error, 
craues pardon for his rashnes, and in fine, receiues a 
generall applauditie of the whole assemblie: so I gentle 
Readers, happening vpon this relation by chance (as I 
take it, at the second or third hand) induced thereunto 
by diuers well willers of the action, and none wishing 
better towards it then my selfe, so farre foorth as my 
poore abilitie can or may stretch too, I thought good to 
publish it: but the Author being absent from the 
presse, it cannot be doubted but that some faults haue 
escaped in the printing, especially in the names of 
Countries, Townes, and People, which are somewhat 
strange vnto vs; but most of all, and which is the chiefe 
error, (for want of knowledge of the Writer) some of the 
bookes were printed vnder the name of Thomas Watson, by 
whose occasion I know not, vnlesse it were the ouer rash- 
nesse, or mistaking of the workemen [#.e., the printers], but 


[1608] 


4 [Zhe Preface zssued with the Smith Tztle-fage. pyes 


[1608] 


since hauing learned that the saide discourse was written 
by Captaine Smith, who is one of the Counsell there in 
Virginia: 1 thought good to make the like Apollogie, by 
shewing the true Author so farre as my selfe could learne, 
not doubting, but that the wise noting it as an error of 
ignorance, will passe it ouer with patience; and if worthy 
an applauditie, to reserue it to the Author, whose paines 
in my iudgement deserueth commendations ; somewhat 
more was by him written, which being as I thought (fit to 
to be priuate) I would not aduenture to make it publicke[.] 
what more may be expected concerning the scituation of 
the Country, the nature of the clime, number of our people 
there resident, the manner of their gouernment, and liuing, 
the commodities to be produced, and the end and effect it 
may come too, I can say nothing more then is here written : 
only what I haue learned and gathered from the generall 
consent of all (that I haue conuersed withall) aswell 
matriners as others, which haue had imployment that 
way; is that the Country is excellent and pleasant, the 
clime temperate and health full, the ground fertill and good, 
the commodities to be expected (if well followed) many, 
for our people, the worst being already past, these former 
hauing indured the heate of the day, whereby those that 
shall succeede, may at ease labour for their profit, in the 
most sweete, coole, and temperate shade: the action most 
honorable, and the end to the high glory of God, to the 
erecting of true religion among Infidells, to the ouer- 
throw of superstition and idolatrie, to the winning of many 
thousandsofwandring sheepe,vntoChrists fold,whonow,and 
till now, haue strayed in the vnknowne paths of Paganisme, 
Idolatrie, and superstition: yea, I say the Action being 
well followed, as by the graue Senators, and worthy 
aduenturors, it hath beene worthily begunne: will tend to 
the everlasting renowne of our Nation, and to the exceed- 
ing good and benefit of our Weale publicke in generall : 
whose Counsells, labours, godly and industrious ende- 
uours, I beseech the mightie Iehouah to blesse, prosper, 
and further, with his heauenly ayde, and holy assistance. 


Farewell. 


Pay 


A 


True relation of such occurrences 


and accidents of note, as hath hapned at Vir- 
ginia, since the first planting of that Collony, 
which 1s now resident in the South part 


thereof, till the last returne. 


Inde Sir, commendations remembred, &c. [1607] 
You shall vnderstand that after many 
crosses in the downes by tempests, 
\7 wee arriued safely vppon the Southwest 
part of the great Canaries: within 
foure or fiue daies after we set saile 
for Dominica, the 26. of Aprill: the (#491, 387.1 
, first land we made, wee’ fell with Cape 
Henry, the verie mouth of the Bay of Chisstapiacke, which 
at that present we little expected, hauing by a cruell 
storme bene put to the Northward: 
Anchoring in this Bay twentie or thirtie went a shore 
with the Captain, and in comming aboard [on land], they 
were assalted with certaine Indians, which charged them 
within Pistoll shot : in which conflict, Captaine Archer and 
Mathew Morton were shot: wherupon Captaine Newport '/? 9» 896.1 
seconding them, made a shot at them, which the Indians 
little respected, but hauing spent their arrowes retyred 
without harme. And in that place was the Box opened, (¢.9:1 
wherin the Counsell for Virginia was nominated: and 


Ca 


Lhiinas 


6 


(1607) 
[f- 91.) 


44. 91, 387-] 


Newes from Virginia. pe Se 
arriuing at the place [Fames Town] where wee are now seated, 
the Counsell was sworn, and the President elected, which 
for that yeare was Maister Edm. Maria Wingfield, where 
was made choice for our scituation, a verie fit place for the 
erecting of a great cittie, about which some contention 
passed betwixt Captaine Wingfield and Captaine Gosnold: 
notwithstanding, all our provision was brought a shore, 
and with as much speede as might bee wee went about our 
fortification. 

-The two and twenty day of Aprill [or rather May 1607], 
Captain Newport and my selfe with diuers others, to the 
number of twenty two persons, set forward to discouer the 
Riuer, some fiftie or sixtie miles, finding it in some places 
broader, and in some narrower, the Countrie (for the moste 
part) on each side plaine high ground, with many fresh 
Springes, the people in all places kindely intreating vs, 
daunsing and feasting vs with strawberries, Mulberies, Bread, 
Fish, and other their Countrie prouisions wherof we had 
plenty : for which Captaine Newport kindely requited their 
least fauours with Bels, Pinnes, Needles, beades, or Glasses, 
which so contented them that his liberallitie made them 
follow vs from place to place, and euer kindely to respect 
vs. In the midway staying to refresh our selues in a little 
Ile foure or fiue sauages came vnto vs which described vnto 
vs the course of the Riuer, and after in our iourney, they 
often met vs, trading with vs for such prouision as wee had, 
and ariuing at Arsatecke, hee whom we supposed to bee the 
chiefe King of all the rest, moste kindely entertained vs, 
giuing vs in a guide to go with vs vp the Riuer to 
Powhatan, of which place their great Emperor taketh his 
name, where he that they honored for King vsed vs kindely. 
But to finish this discouerie, we passed on further, where 
within an ile [@ mile] we were intercepted with great 
craggy stones in the midst of the riuer, where the water 
falleth so rudely, and with such a violence, as not any boat 
can possibly passe, and so broad disperseth the streame, 
as there is not past fiue or sixe Foote at a low water, and 
to the shore scarce passage with a barge, the water floweth 
foure foote, and the freshes by reason of the Rockes haue 
left markes of the inundations 8. or 9. foote: The south 
side is plaine low ground, and the north side high moun- 


yp ll gira Newes from Virginia. 


taines, the rockes being of a grauelly nature, interlaced 
with many vains of glistring spangles. 
That night we returned to Powhatan: the next day 


(being Whitsunday after dinner) we returned to the fals,. 


leauing a mariner in pawn with the Indians for a guide of 
theirs, hee that they honoured for King followed vs by the 
riuer. That afternoone we trifled in looking vpon the 
Rockes and riuer (further he would not goe) so there we 
erected a crosse, and that night taking our man at 
Powhatans, Captaine Newport congratulated his kindenes 
with a Gown and a Hatchet: returning to Arsetecke, and 
stayed there the next day to obserue the height [latitude] 
therof, and so with many signes of loue we departed. 

The next day the Queene of A gamatack kindely intreated 
vs, her people being no lesse contented then the rest, and 
from thence we went to another place (the name whereof 
I doe not remember) where the people shewed vs the 
manner of their diuing for Mussels, in which they finde 
Pearles. 

That night passing by Weanock some twentie miles from 
our Fort, they according to their former churlish condition, 
seemed little to affect vs, but as wee departed and lodged 
at the point of Weanocke, the people the next morning 
seemed kindely to content vs, yet we might perceiue many 
signes of a more Iealousie in them then before, and also 
the Hinde that the King of Avrseteck had giuen vs, altered 
his resolution in going to our Fort, and with many kinde 
circumstances left vs there. This gaue vs some occasion 
to doubt some mischiefe at the Fort, yet Captaine Newport 
intended to haue visited Paspahegh and Tappahanocke, but 
the instant change of the winde being faire for our return 
we repaired to the fort with all speed [27 May], where the 
first we heard was that 400. Indians the day before [26 May] 
had assalted the fort, and supprised it, had not God (beyond 
al their expectations) by meanes of the shippes (at whom 
they shot with their Ordinances and Muskets) caused them 
to retire, they had entred the fort with our own men, which 
were then busied in setting Corne, their armes beeing then 
in driefats and few ready but certain Gentlemen of their 
own, in which conflict, most of the Counsel was hurt, a boy 
slaine in the Pinnas, and thirteene or fourteene more hurt. 


7 
[1607] 


[Dp. 92, 388.) 


8 
(1607) 


° ay . Smith. 
Newes from Virginta. , oe ee 


With all speede we pallisadoed our Fort: (each other 


[76. 92,3881 day) for sixe or seauen daies we had alarums by ambus- 


[2. 93:1 


(A. 95, 391-] 


cadoes, and four or fiue cruelly wounded by being abroad : 
the Indians losse wee know not, but as they report three 
were slain and diuers hurt. 

Captaine Newport hauing set things in order, set saile 
for England the 22 of June [1607], leauing prouision for 
13. or 14 weeks. 


The day before the Ships departure, the King of Pamaunke 
[7.e., Opechancanough] sent the Indian that had met vs before 
in our discouerie, to assure vs peace; our fort being then 
palisadoed round, and all our men in good health and com- 
fort, albeit, that thro[u]gh some discontented humors, it did 
not so long continue. For the President and Captaine 
Gosnold, with the rest of the Counsell, being for the moste 
part discontented with one another, in so much, that things 
were neither carried with that discretion nor any busines 
effected in such good sort as wisdome would, nor our owne 
good and safetie required, whereby, and through the hard 
dealing of our President, the rest of the counsell beeing 
diuerslie affected through his audacious commaund; and 
for Captaine Martin, albeit verie honest, and wishing the 
best good, yet so sicke and weake; and my selfe so disgrac’d 
through others mallice: through which disorder God (being 
angrie with vs) plagued vs with such famin and sicknes, 
that the liuing were scarce able to bury the dead: our 
want of sufficient and good victualls, with continuall 
watching, foure or fiue each night at three Bulwarkes, 
being the chiefe cause: onely of Sturgion wee had great 
store, whereon our men would so greedily surfet, as it 
cost manye their liues: the Sack, Aquauitie, and other 
preseruatiues for our health, being kept onely in the 
Presidents hands, for his owne diet, and his few associates. 

Shortly after Captaine Gosnold fell sicke, and within 
three weekes died. Captaine Ratcliffe being then also 
verie sicke and weake, and my selfe hauing also tasted of 
the extremitie therof, but by Gods assistance being well 
recouered. Kendall about this time, for diuers reasons 
deposed from being of the Councell: and shortly after it 
pleased God (in our extremity) to moue the Indians to 


| abel leroy Newes from Virginia. 


bring vs Corne, ere it was halfe ripe, to refresh vs, 
when we rather expected when they would destroy vs: 

About the tenth of September there was about 46. of 
our men dead, at which time Captaine Wingfield hauing 
ordred the affaires in such sort that he was generally 
hated of all, in which respect with one consent he was 
deposed from his presidencie, and Captaine Ratcliffe 
according to his course was elected. 

Our prouision being now within twentie dayes spent, 
the Indians brought vs great store both of Corne and 
bread ready made: and also there came such aboundance 
of Fowles into the Riuers, as greatly refreshed our weake 
estates, wherevppon many of our weake men were presently 
able to goe abroad. 

As yet we had no houses to couer vs, our Tents were 
rotten, and our Cabbins worse then nought: our best 
commoditie was Yron which we made into little chissels. 

The president[’s], and Captaine Martins sicknes, con- 
strayned me to be Cape Marchant, and yet to spare no 
paines in making houses for the company; who notwith- 
standing our misery, little ceased their mallice, grudging, 
and muttering. 


As at this time were most of our chiefest men either 
sicke or discontented, the rest being in such dispaire, as 
they would rather starue and rot with idlenes, then be 
perswaded to do any thing for their owne reliefe without 
constraint : our victualles being now within eighteene 
dayes spent, and the Indians trade decreasing, I was sent 
to the mouth of the riuer, to Kegquouhtan an Indian Towne, 
to trade for Corne, and try the riuer for Fish, but our 
fishing we could not effect by reason of the stormy 
weather. The Indians thinking vs neare famished, with 
carelesse kindnes, offred vs little pieces of bread and small 
handfulls of beanes or wheat, for a hatchet or a piece of 
copper: In like man[nler I entertained their kindnes, and in 
like scorne offered them like commodities, but the Children, 
or any that shewed extraordinary kindnes, I liberally con- 
tented with free gifte [of] such trifles as wel contented them. 

Finding this colde comfort, I anchored before the Towne, 
and the next day returned to trade, but God (the absolute 


9 
[1607] 


[A. 96, 392.) 


[ AA. 96, 393-) 


Io 


[1607] 


[ Ad. 96, 393.) 


(PP. 97; 394+] 


e — . Smith. 
Newes from Virginia. (Beer cba 


disposer of all heartes) altered their conceits, for now 
they were no lesse desirous of our commodities then we 
of their Corne: vnder colour to fetch fresh water, I sent 
aman to discouer the Towne, their Corne, and force, to 
trie their intent, in that they desired me vp to their 
houses: which well vnderstanding, with foure shot I visited 
them. With fish, oysters, bread, and deere, they kindly 
traded with me and my men, beeing no lesse in doubt of 
my intent, then I of theirs; for well I might with twentie 
men haue fraighted a Shippe with Corne: The Towne 
conteineth eighteene houses, pleasantly seated vpon three 
acres of ground, vppon a plaine, halfe inuironed with a 
great Bay of the great Riuer, the other parte with a 
Baye of the other Riuer falling into the great Baye, with 
a little Ile fit for a Castle in the mouth thereof, the Towne 
adioyning to the maine by a necke of Land of sixtie yardes. 
With sixteene bushells of Corne I returned towards our 
Forte: by the way I encountred with two Canowes of 
Indians, who came aboord me, being the inhabitants of 
waroskoyack, a kingdome on the south side of the riuer, 
which is in breadth 5. miles and 20 mile or neare from 
the mouth: With these I traded, who hauing but their 
hunting prouision, requested me to returne to their Towne, 
where I should load my boat with corne: and with near 
thirtie bushells I returned to the fort, the very name 
wherof gaue great comfort to our despa[iJring company: 


Time thus passing away, and hauing not aboue 14. 
daies victuals left, some motions were made about our 
presidents [Captaine Ratcliffe’s] and Captaine Archers going 
for England, to procure a supply: in which meane time 
we had reasonably fitted vs with houses. And our Pre- 
sident and Captaine Martin being able to walk abroad, with 
much adoe it was concluded, that the pinnace and barge 
should goe towards Powhatan, to trade for corne: 

Lotts were cast who should go in her, the chance was 
mine; and while she was a rigging, I made a voiage to 
Topohanack, where arriuing, there was but certain women 
and children who fled from their houses, yet at last I 
drew them to draw neere; truck they durst not, corne 
they had plenty, and to spoile I had no commission : 


ee oe Newes from Virginia. 


In my returne to [at] Paspahegh, I traded with that 
churlish and trecherous nation: hauing loaded Io or 12 
bushels of corne, they offred to take our pieces and 
swords, yet by stelth, but [we] seeming to dislike it, they 
were ready to assault vs: yet standing vpon our guard, in 
coasting the shore, diuers out of the woods would meet 
with vs with corn and trade. But least we should be 
constrained, either to indure ouermuch wrong or directly 
[to] fal to reuenge, seeing them dog vs from place to 
place, it being night, and our necessitie not fit for warres, 
we tooke occasion to returne with 10 bushells of corne: 


Captaine Martin after made 2 iournies to that nation 
of Paspahegh, but eache time returned with 8. or ro. bushells. 


All things being now ready for my iourney to Powhatan, 
for the performance thereof, I had 8. men and my selfe for 
the barge, as well for discouerie as trading; [and in] the 
Pinnace, 5. Marriners, and 2. landmen to take in our 
ladings at conuenient places. 

The 9 of Nouember I set forward for the discouery of 
the country of Clik {a|hamania, leauing the pinnace the next 
tide to followe, and stay for my comming at Point weanock, 
20 miles from our fort: the mouth of this riuer falleth 
into the great riuer at Paspahegh, 8 miles aboue our fort : 

That afternoone I stayed the eb[b] in the bay of Pas- 
pahegh with the Indians: towards the euening certaine 
Indians ha[iJled me, one of them being of Chikahamania, 
offred to conduct me to his country, the Paspahegheans 
grudged therat: along we went by moonelight; at mid- 
night he brought vs before his Towne, desiring one of our 
men to go vp with him, whom he kindely intertained, and 
returned back to the barge : 

The next morning I went vp to the towne, and shewed 
them what copper and hatchets they sho{ujld haue for 
corne, each family seeking to giue me most content: so 
long they caused me to stay that 100 at least was 
expecting my comming by the riuer, with corne. What I 
liked, I bought; and least they should perceiue my too great 
want, I went higher vp the riuer: 

This place is called Manosquosick, a quarter of a mile 


{Tt 


[1607] 


(See Z. 107.) 


12 


(1607) 


Newes from Virginia. ee oe 
from the riuer, conteining thirtie or fortie houses, vppon 
an exceeding high land: at the foote of the hill towards 
the river, is a plaine wood, watered with many springes, 
which fall twentie yardes right downe into the riuer. 
Right against the same is a great marsh, of 4. or 5. miles 
circuit, deuided in 2 Ilands, by the parting of the riuer, 
abounding with fish and foule of all sorts: 

A mile from thence is a Towne called Oraniocke. 1 
further discouered the Townes of Mansa, Apanaock, 
Werawahone, and Mamanahunt, [was] at eche place kindely 
vsed: especially at the last, being the hart of the Country ; 
where were assembled 200. people with such aboundance 
of corne, as hauing laded our barge, as also I might haue 
laded a ship. 

Ireturned to Paspahhegh, andconsidering the want of Corne 
at our Fort, it being night, with the ebb, by midnight I 
ariued at our fort, where I found our Pinn[ajis run aground : 

The next morning I vnladed seauen hogsheds into 
our store. 


The next morning I returned againe: the second day I 
ariued at Mamanahunt, wher[e] the people hauing heard of 
my comming, were ready with 3 or 400. baskets litle and 
great, of which hauing laded my barge, with many signes 
of great kindnes I returned: 

At my departure they requested me to hear our pieces, 
being in the midst of the riuer; which in regard of the 
eccho seemed a peale of ordnance. Many birds and fowles 
they see vs dayly kil that much fearedthem. So desirous 
of trade wer[e] they, that they would follow me with their 
canowes ; and for any thing, giue it me, rather then returne 
it back. So I vnladed again 7 or 8. hogsheads at our fort. 


Hauing thus by Gods assistance gotten good store of 
corne, notwithstanding some bad spirits not content with 
Gods prouidence, still grew mutinous; in so much, that 
our president hauing occasion to chide the smith [Fames 
Read, the Blacksmith] for his misdeamenour, he not only 
gaue him bad language, but also offred to strike him with 
some of his tooles. For which rebellious act, the smith 
was by a Iury condemned to be hanged, but being vppon 


ci I rary Newes from Virginia. 


theladder, continuing very obstinateas hoping vpon arescue, 
when he saw no other way but death with him, he became 
penitent, and declared a dangerous conspiracy : for which, 
Captaine Kendall, as principal, was by a lury condemned, 
and shot to death. 


This conspiracy appeased, I set forward for the dis- 
couery of the Riuer [of] Checka Hamania. This third time I 
discouered the Townes of Matapamient, Morinogh, Ascacap, 
moysenock, Righkahauck, Nechamchock, Matialunt, Attamus- 
pincke, and diuers others: their plenty of corne I found 
decreased, yet lading the barge, I returned to our fort. 


Our store being now indifferently wel prouided with 
corne, there was much adoe for to haue the pinace goe for 
England, against which Captain Martin and my selfe 
stood chiefly against it: and in fine after many debatings 
pro et contra, it was resolued to stay a further resolution : 


This matter also quieted, I set forward to finish this dis- 
couery, which as yet I had neglected in regard of the 
necessitie we had to take in prouision whilst it was to be 
had. 40. miles I passed vp the riuer, which for the 
most part is a quarter of a mile broad, and 3. fatham and 
a half deep, exceedy o[o]sey, many great low marshes, and 
many high lands, especially about the midst at a place 
called Moysonicke, a Peninsule of 4. miles ci{r]cuit, betwixt 
two riuers ioyned to the main by a neck of 4o. or 50. 
yards, and 4o. or 50 yards from the high water marke: 
On both sides in the very necke of the maine, are high 
hills and dales, yet much inhabited, the Ile declining in a 
plaine fertile corne field, the lower end a low marsh. 
More plentie of swannes, cranes, geese, duckes, and 
mallards, and diuers sorts of fowles, none would desire: 
more plaine fertile planted ground, in such great propor- 
tions as there, I had not seene; of a light blacke sandy 
mould, the cliffes commonly red, white, and yellowe 
coloured sand, and vnder, red and white clay; fish [in] 
great plenty, and people [in] aboundance: the most of 
their inhabitants, in view of the neck of Land, where a 
better seat for a towne cannot be desired - 


13 
{1607} 


[A. 97-1 


14 
[1607] 


(A. 98.] 


Newes from Virginia. ey Sons 

At the end of forty miles, this riuer inuironeth many 
low Ilands at each high water drowned, for a mile, where 
it vniteth it selfe at a place called Afokant, the highest 
Towne inhabited. 

10. miles higher, I discouered with the barge: in the 
mid way, a greate tree hindered my passage, which I cut 
in two. Heere the riuer became narrower, 8.9 or I0. 
foote at a high water, and 6. or 7. at a lowe: the streame 
exceeding swift, and the bottom hard channell: the 
ground, most part a low plaine, sandy soyle. This 
occasioned me to suppose it might issue from some lake or 
some broad ford, for it could not be far to the head, but 
rather then I would endanger the barge [ze., by going up 
with it further]. Yet to haue beene able to resolue this 
doubt, and to discharge the imputation[s] of malicious 
tung[e]s, that halfe suspected I durst not, for so long 
delaying: some of the company as desirous as my self, 
we resolued to hier a Canow, and returne with the barge 
to Apocant, there to leaue the barge secure, and put our 
selues upon the aduenture: the country onely a vast and 
wilde wildernes, and but onely that Towne: 

Within three or foure mile, we hired a Canow, and 2. 
Indians to row vs the next day a fowling. Hauing made 
such prouision for the barge as was needfull, I left her 
there [at Apocant] to ride, with expresse charge not any 
[one] to go ashore til my returne. 

Though some wise men may condemn this too bould 
attempt of too much indiscretion, yet if they well consider 
the friendship of the Indians in conducting me, the deso- 
lateness of the country, the probabilitie of some lacke [z.e., 
lake], and the malicious iudges of my actions at home [2.e., 
Fames Town], as also to haue some matters of worth to 
incourage our aduenturers in england, [these] might well 
haue caused any honest minde to haue done the like, as 
well for his own discharge as for the publike good: 

Hauing 2 Indians for my guide and 2 of our own 
company, I set forward, leauing 7 in the barge: 

Hauing discouered 20 miles further in this desart, the 
riuer stil kept his depth and bredth, but [was] much more 
combred with trees : 


Here we went ashore (being some 12 miles higher then 


ee are as Newes from Virginia. 


the barge had bene) to refresh our selues, during the 
boyling of our vi{c]tuals: One of the Indians I tooke with 
me, to see the nature of the soile, and to crosse the 
boughts [windings] of the riuer: the other Indian I left 
with Maister Robinson and Thomas Emry, with their 
matches light[ed], and order to discharge a peece, for my 
retreat, at the first sight of any Indian. 

But within a quarter of an houre I heard a loud cry, and 
a hollowing of Indians, but no warning peece. Supposing 
them surprised, and that the Indians had betrai[e]d vs, pre- 
sently I seazed him and bound his arme fast to my hand in 
a garter, with my pistoll ready bent to be reuenged on him: 
he aduised me to fly, and seemed ignorant of what was done. 

But as we went discoursing, I was struck with an arrow 
on the right thigh, but without harme: vpon this occasion 
I espied 2. Indians drawing their bowes, which I preuented 
in discharging a french pistoll: 

By that I had charged againe, 3 or 4 more did the like: for 
the first fell downe and fled: At my discharge, they did the 
like. My hinde [Indian] I made my barricado, who offered 
not to striue. 20. or 30. arrowes were shot at me but short. 
3 or 4 times I had discharged my pistoll ere the king of 
Pamaunck called Opeckankenough with 200 men, inuironed 
me, eache drawing their bowe: which done they laid them 
(themselves| vpon the ground, yet without shot [shooting]: 

My hinde treated betwixt them and me of conditions of 
peace; he discouered me to be the Captaine: my request 
was to retire to the boate: they demaunded my armes, the 
rest they saide were slaine, onely me they. would reserue: 

The Indian importuned me not to shoot. In retiring 
being in the midst of a low quagmire, and minding them 
more then my steps, I stept fast into the quagmire, and 
also the Indian in drawing me forth: 

Thus surprised, I resolued to trie their mercies: my 
armes I caste from me, till which none durst approch me. 

Being ceazed on me, they drew me out and led me to 
the King. I presented him with a compasse diall, describ- 
ing by my.best meanes the vse therof: whereat he so 
amazedly admired, as he suffered me to proceed in a 
discourse of the roundnes of the earth, the course of the 
sunne, moone, starres and plannets. 


15 
(1607) 


(PP. 16, 395 
396, 4or. 


[2 396.) 


16 
[1607] 


‘Ap. 15, 395, 
396, 40r.] 


(2. 396.) 


[. J. Smith. 
2 June—13 Aug. 1608. 


Newes from Virginia. 

With kinde speeches and bread he requited me, con- 
ducting me where the Canow lay and John Robbinson slaine, 
with 20 or 30. arrowes in him. Emry I saw not. 

I perceiued by the aboundance of fires all ouer the woods 
[the sense requires here, that they were a party hunting deer, 
sce pp. 37 and 70.) At each place I expected when they would 
execute me, yet they vsed me with what kindnes they could: 

Approaching their Towne [Rasawrack], which was within 
6 miles where I was taken, onely made as arbors and couered 
with mats, which they remoue as occasion requires: all 
the women and children, being aduertised of this accident, 
came foorth to meet them, the King [Ofechancanough] well 
guarded with 20 bowmen 5 flanck and rear, and each 
flanck before him a sword and a peece, and after him the 
like, then a bowman, then I on each hand a boweman, the 
rest in file in the reare, which reare led foorth amongst 
the trees in a bishion, eache his bowe and a handfull of 
arrowes, a quiuer at his back grimly painted: on eache 
flanck a sargeant, the one running alwaies towards the 
front, the other towards the reare, each a true pace and in 
exceeding good order. 

This being a good time continued, they caste themselues 
in a ring with a daunce, and so eache man departed to 
his lodging. 

The Captain conducting me to his lodging, a quarter of 
Venison andsome ten pound of bread I had for supper : what 
I left was reserued for me, and sent with me to my lodging: 

Each morning 3. women presented me three great 
platters of fine bread, more venison then ten men could 
deuour I had: my gowne, points and garters, my compas 
and my tablet they gaue me again. Though 8 ordinarily 
guarded me, I wanted not what they could deuise to 
content me: and still our longer acquaintance increased 
our better affection : 

Much they threatned to assault our forte, as they were 
solicited by the King of Paspahegh [then present, see p. 152]: 
who shewed at our fort great signes of sorrow for this mis- 
chance [?.e., Smth’s capture]. The King [Opechancanough!] 
tooke great delight in vnderstanding the manner of our 
ships, and sayling the seas, the earth and skies, and of our 
God: what he knew of the dominions he spared not to 


4 ith. > Ce 
ee ee Newes from Virginia. 


acquaint me with, as of certaine men cloathed at a place 
called Ocanahonan, cloathed like me: the course of our 
riuer, and that within 4 or 5 daies iourney of the falles, was 
a great turning of salt water: 

I desired he would send a messenger to Paspahegh [the 
district in which Fames Town was situated], with a letter I 
would write, by which they shold vnderstand how kindly 
they vsed me, and that I was well, least they should 
reuenge my death. This he granted and sent three men, 
in such weather as in reason were vnpossible by any naked 
to be indured. Their cruell mindes towards the fort I 
had deuerted, in describing the ordinance and the mines in 
the fields, as also the reuenge Captain Newport would take 
of them at hisreturne. Their intent, I incerted the fort, 
[as also of] the people of Ocanahonum and the back sea: 
this report they after found diuers Indians that confirmed : 

The next day after my letter, came a saluage tomy lodging 
[stell at Rasawrack], with his sword, to haue slaine me: but 
being by my guard intercepted, with a bowe and arrow he 
offred to haue effected his purpose: the cause I knew not, 
till the King vnderstanding thereof came and told me of a 
mana dying, wounded with my pistoll: he tould me also 
of another I had slayne, yet the most concealed they had 
any hurte: This was the father of him I had slayne, 
whose fury to preuent, the King presently conducted me 
to another Kingdome, vpon the top of the next northerly 
riuer, called Youghtanan. 

Hauing feasted me, he further led me to another branch 
of the riuer, called Mattapament; to two other hunting 
townes they led me: and to each of these Countries, a 
house of the great Emperour of Pewhakan, whom as yet I 
supposed to bee at the Fal!l]s ; to him I tolde him I must 
goe, and so returne to Paspahegh. 

After this foure or flue dayes marsh [march], we returned 
to Rasawrack, the first towne they brought me too [see p. 
142]: where binding the Mats in bundels, they marched two 
dayes iourney, and crossed the Riuer of Youghtanan, where 
it was as broad as Thames: so conducting me to a place 
called Menapacuts in Pamaunke, where the King inhabited. 

The next day another King of that nation called 
Kekataugh, hauing receiued some kindnes of me at the Fort, 

2 


17 
[1607] 


(A. 397-] 


[A. 397-] 


(A. 398.) 


18 
{1608] 


td 399:] 


= oe . Smith. 
Newes from Virginia. RIE oem = 


kindly inuited me to feast at his house, the people from 
all places flocked to see me, each shewing to content me. 

By this, the great King hath foure or fiue houses, each 
containing fourescore or an hundred foote in length, plea- 
santly seated vpon an high sandy hill, from whence you 
may see westerly a goodly low Country, the riuer before 
the which his crooked course causeth many great Marshes 
of exceeding good ground. An hundred houses, and 
many large plaines are here togither inhabited. More 
abundance of fish and fowle, and a pleasanter seat cannot 
be imagined. The King with fortie Bowmen to guard 
me, intreated me to discharge my Pistoll, which they 
there presented me, with a mark at six score [yards] to 
strike therwith: but to spoil the practise, I broke the 
cocke, whereat they were much discontented, though a 
chaunce supposed. 

From hence, this kind King conducted mee to a place 
called Topahanocke, a kingdome vpon another Riuer 
northward: The cause of this was, that the yeare before, 
a shippe had beene in the Riuer of Pamaunke, who hauing 
beene kindly entertained by Powhatan their Emperour, 
they returned thence, and discouered the Riuer oi 
Topahanocke : where being receiued with like kindnesse, yet 
he slue the King, and tooke of his people, and they supposed 
I were hee. But the people reported him [to be] a great 
[tall] man that was [the] Captaine, and vsing mee kindly, 
the next day we departed. 

This Riuer of Topahanock seemeth in breadth not much 
lesse then that we dwell vpon. At the mouth of the Riuer 
is a Countrey called Cuttata women: vpwards is Marraugh 
tacum, Tapohanock, Appamatuck, and Nantaugs tacum: at 
Topmanahocks, the head issuing from many Mountaines. 

The next night I lodged at a hunting town of Powhatams, 
and the next day arriued at Waranacomoco vpon the riuer 
of Pamauncke, where the great king is resident. By the 
way we passed by the top of another little riuer, which is 
betwixt the two, called Payankatank. The most of this 
Country [is] th{r]ough Desert, yet exceeding fertil ; good 
timber, most [ly] hilsand dales, in each valley acristall spring. 

Arriuing at Weramocomoco [?on or about 5 Fanuary 1608), 
their Emperour proudly lying vppon a Bedstead a foote 


wh D> FR 


ice diner: Newes from Virginia. 


high, vpon tenne or twelue Mattes, richly hung with manie 
Chaynes of great Pearles about his necke, and couered 
with a great Couering of Rahaughcums. At [his] heade sat 
a woman, at his feete another ; on each side sitting vppon 
a Matte vppon the ground, were raunged his chiefe men on 
each side the fire, tenne in a ranke, and behindethemas many 
yong women, each[with] agreat Chaine of white Beades ouer 
their shoulders, their heades painted in redde: and [Powha- 
tan] with such a graueand Maiesticall countenance, as draue 
me into admiration to see such state in a naked Saluage. 

Hee kindly welcomed me with good wordes, and great 
Platters of sundrie Victuals, assuring mee his friendship, 
and my libertie within foure days. Hee much delighted 
in Opechan Comoughs relation of what I had described to 
him, and oft examined me vpon the same. 

Hee asked mee the cause of our comming. 

I tolde him being in fight with the Spaniards our enemie, 
beeing ouerpow[ejred, neare put to retreat, and by 
extreame weather put to this shore: where landing at 
Chesipiack, the people shot [at] vs, but at Kequoughtan 
they kindly vsed vs: we by signes demaunded fresh 
water, they described vs vp the Riuer was all fresh 
water: at Paspahegh also they kindly vsed vs: our 
Pinn{a]sse being leak[iJe, we were inforced to stay 
to mend her, till Captaine Newport my father came 
to conduct vs away. 

He demaunded why we went further with our Boate. 

I tolde him, in that I would haue occasion to talke of the 
backe Sea, that on the other side the maine, where was 
salt water. My father [t.e., Newport] had a childe slaine, 
whiche wee supposed Monocan his enemie [had done]: whose 
death we intended to reuenge. 

After good deliberation, hee began to describe [to] mee 
the Countreys beyonde the Falles, with many of the rest ; 
confirming what not onely Opechancanoyes, and an Indian 
which had beene prisoner to Pewhatan had before tolde 
mee: but some called it fiue dayes, some sixe, some eight, 
where the sayde water dashed amongest many stones and 
rockes, each storm; which caused oft tymes the heade of 
the Riuer to bee brackish : 

Anchanachuck he described to bee the people that had 


19 
[1608] 


(A. 400.) 


20 


[1608] 


UP. 4or.] 


Newes from Virginia. Eee 


slaine my brother: whose death hee would reuenge. Hee 
described also vpon the same Sea, a mighty Nation called 
Pocoughtronack, a fierce Nation that did eate men, and 
warred with the people of Moyaoncer and Pataromerke, 
Nations vpon the toppe of the heade of the Bay, vnder his 
territories: where the yeare before they had slain an 
hundred. He signified their crownes were shauen, long 
haire in the necke, tied on a knot, Swords like Pollaxes. 

Beyond them, he described people with short Coates, 
and Sleeues to the Elbowes, that passed that way in 
Shippes like ours. Many Kingdomes hee described [to] 
mee, to the heade of the Bay, which seemed to bee a 
mightie Riuer issuing from mightie Mountaines betwixt 
the two Seas: The people cloathed at Ocamahowan, he also 
confirmed ; and the Southerly Countries also, as the rest 
that reported vs to be within a day and ahalfe of Mangoge, 
two dayes of Chawwonock, 6. from Roonock, to the south 
part of the backe sea: He described a countrie called 
Anone, where they haue abundance of Brasse, and houses 
walled as ours. 

I requited his discourse (seeing what pride hee had in 

his great and spacious Dominions, seeing that all hee 
knewe were vnder his Territories) in describing to him, 
the territories of Europe, which was subiect to our great 
King whose subject I was, the innumerable multitude of 
his ships, I gaue him to vnderstand the noyse of Trumpets, 
and terrible manner of fighting [that] were vnder captain 
Newport my father: whom I intituled the Meworames, which 
they call the King of all the waters. At his greatnesse, 
he admired: and nota little feared. He desired mee [7.¢., the 
English] to forsake Paspahegh [i.e., Fames Town], and to 
liue with him vpon his Riuer, a Countrie called Capa 
Howasicke. Hee promised to giue me Corne, Venison, or 
what I wanted to feede vs: Hatchets and Copper wee 
should make him, and none should disturbe vs. 
- This request I promised to performe: and thus, hauing 
with all the kindnes hee could deuise, sought to content me, 
hee sent me home, with 4. men: one that vsually carried 
my Gowne and Knapsacke after me, two other loded with 
bread, and one to accompanie me. 

This Riuer of Pamaunke is not past twelue mile from 


25 Er etaneraey Newes from Virginia. 


that we dwell on, his course northwest and westerly as the 
other. Weraocomoco is vpon salt water in bredth two myles, 
and so [the river] keepeth his course without any tarrying 
some twenty miles; where at the parting of the fresh water 
and the salt, it diuideth it selfe into two partes, the one 
part to Goughland, as broad as Thames, and nauigable with 
a Boate threescore or fourescore miles, and with a Shippe 
fiftie : exceeding[ly] crooked, and manie low grounds and 
marishes, but inhabited with aboundance of warlike and 
tall people. The Countrey of Youghtomam, of no lesse 
worth, onely it is lower; but all the soyle, a fatte, fertill, 
sandie ground. Aboue Manapacumter, many high sandie 
mountaines. By the Riuer is many Rockes, seeming, if 
not, of seuerall Mines. 

The other branch a little lesse in breadth, yet extendeth 
not neare so farre, nor so well inhabited, somewhat lower, 
and a white sandie, and a white clay soyle: here is their 
best Terra Sigillata. The mouth of the Riuer, as I see 
[? saw, sce p. 6] in the discouerie therof with captain 
Newport, is halfe a mile broad, and within foure miles not 
aboue a Musket shot: the channell exceeding good and 
deepe, the Riuer straight to the deuisions. Kziskirk [is] the 
nearest Nation to the entrances. 


Their religion and Ceremonie I obserued was thus: 
Three or foure dayes [which would be at Rasawrack ; but stated 
at p. 398 to have been at Pamaunkey] after my taking, seuen 
of them in the house where I lay, each with a rattle, began 
at ten a clockein the morning to sing about the fire, which 
they inuironed with a Circle of meale, and after a foote or 
two from that, at the end of each song, layde downe two 
or three graines of wheate: continuing this order till they 
haue included sixe or seuen hundred in a halfe Circle; and 
after that, two or three more Circles in like maner, a hand 
bredth from other. That done, at each song, they put 
betwixt euerie three, two, or fiue graines, a little sticke; 
so counting as an old woman her Pater noster. 

One disguised with a great Skinne, his head hung round 
with little Skinnes of Weasels and other vermine, with a 
Crownet of feathers on his head, painted as vgly as the 
diuell, at the end of each song will make many signes and 


21 


[1608] 


22 


[1608] 


LZ. 401.] 


Newes from Virginia. Fe 


demonstrations, with strange and vehement actions. 
great cakes of Deere suet, Deare, and Tobacco he casteth 
in the fire: till sixe a clocke in the Euening, their 
howling would continue ere they would depart. 

Each morning in the coldest frost, the principall, to the 
number of twentie or thirtie, assembled themselues in a 
round circle, a good distance from the towne: where they 
told me they there consulted where to hunt the next day: 

So fat they fed mee, that I much doubted they intended 
to haue sacrificed mee to the Quiyoughquosicke, which is a 
superiour power they worship: a more uglier thing cannot 
be described. One they haue for chief sacrifices, which 
also they call Quiyoughquosick. To cure the sick, a man, 
with a Rattle, and extreame howling, showting, singing, 
and such violent gestures and Anticke actions ouer the 
patient, will sucke out blood and flegme from the patient, 
out of their vnable stomacke, or any diseased place, as no 
labour will more tire them. 

Tobacco, they offer the water in passing in fowle weather. 
The death of any they lament with great sorrow and 
weeping. Their Kings they burie betwixt two mattes 
within their houses, with all his beads, iewels, hatchets, 
and copper: the other in graues like ours. They acknow- 
ledge no resurrection. 

Powhatan hath three brethren, and two sisters, each of 
his brethren succeeded [succeedeth or will succeed) other. 
For the Crowne, their heyres inherite not, but the first 
heyres of the Sisters, and so successiuely the weomens 
heires. Forthe Kings haue as many weomen as they will, 
his Subiects two, and most but one. 


From Weramocomoco is but 12. miles, yet the Indians 
trifled away that day [7 Fan. 1608], and would not goe to 
our Forte by any perswasions: but in certaine olde hunt- 
ing houses of Paspahegh we lodged all night. 

The next morning [8 Fan. 1608] ere Sunne rise, we set 


(44.98, 4.) forward for our Fort, where we arriued within an houre: 


where each man with the truest signes of ioy they could 
expresse welcommed me, except Maister Archer, and some 
2. or 3. of his, who was then in my absence, sworne Coun- 
sellour, though not with the consent of Captaine Martin : 


. Smith. 


aera tog Kegs t608. Newes from Virginia. 


Great blame and imputation was laide vpon mee by them 
[Archer, &c.], for the losse of our two men which the Indians 
slew: insomuch that they purposed to depose me. But in 
the midst of my miseries, it pleased God to send Captaine 
Nuport: who arriuing there the same night [8 Fan. 1608], 
so tripled our joy as for a while these plots against me were 
deferred ; though with much malice against me, which 
captain Newport in short time did plainly see. Now was 
maister Scriuener, captaine Martin, and my selfe, called 
Counsellers [1.¢., to the exclusion of Archer]. 

Within fiue or sixe dayes after the arriuall of the Ship 
[13 or 14 Fanuary 1608], by a mischaunce our Fort was 
burned, and the most of our apparell, lodging and priuate 
prouision. Many of our old men [became] diseased, and 
[many] of our new for want of lodging perished. 

The Empereur Powhatan, each weeke once or twice, sent 
me many presents of Deare, bread, Raugroughcuns ; halfe 
alwayes for my father [Captaine Newport] whom he much 
desired to see, and halfe for me: and so continually impor- 
tuned by messengers and presents, that I would come to 
fetch the corne, and take the Countrie their King had giuen 
me, as at last Captaine Newport resolued to go [to] see him. 

Such acquaintance I had amongst the Indians, and such 
confidence they had in me, as neare the Fort they would 
not come till I came to them; euery of them calling me by 
my name, would not sell any thing till I had first receiued 
their presents, and what they had that I liked, they 
deferred to my discretion: but after acquaintance, they 
vsually came into the Fort at their pleasure: The President 
and the rest of the Councell, they knewe not ; but Captaine 
Newports greatnesse I had so described, as they conceyued 
him the chiefe, the rest his children, Officers, and seruants. 


We had agreed with the king of Paspahegh, to conduct 
two of our men to a place called Panawicke beyond Roonok, 
where he reported many men to be apparelled. Wee 
landed him at Warraskoyack, where [he] playing the 
villaine, and deluding vs for rewards, returned within three 
or foure dayes after, without going further. 

Captaine Newport, maister Scrivener, and my selfe, 
found the mouth of Pamauncks river, some 25. or 30. miles 


23 
[1608] 


[AP.x00, 403-] 


[Ap.xor, 404.} 


ee . Smith. 
24 Newes from Virginia. | yuaneth.deeetieae 


[1608] north ward from Cape Henrick [Henry], the chanell good as 
before expressed. ‘ 

(4p-10r,404]  Arriuing at Weramocomoca, being iealous of the intent 
of this politick saluage; to discouer his intent the better, I 
with 20. shot armed in Jacks, went a shore. The Bay 
where he dwelleth hath in it 3. cricks, and a mile anda 
halfe from the chanel all os [i Grenville copy ost: what ts 
meant is oose]. Being conducted to the towne, I found my 
selfe mistaken in the creeke, for they al there were within 
lesse then a mile : the Emperors sonne called Naukaquawis, 
the captaine that tooke me [$p. 15,152], and diuerse others of 
his chiefe men, conducted me to their kings habitation. But 
in the mid way I was intercepted bya great creek ouer which 
they had made a bridge of grained stakes and railes. The 
king of Kiskieck, and Namontack, who all the iourney, the 
king had sent to guide vs, had conducted vs [to] this pas- 
sage, which caused me to suspect some mischiefe : the barge 
I had sent to meet me at the right landing, when I found my 
selfe first deceyued. And knowing by experience the most 
of their courages to proceede from others feare, though fewe 
lyked the passage, I intermingled the Kings sonne, our con- 
ductors, and his chiefe men amongst ours, and led forward, 
leauing halfe at the one ende to make a guard for the 
passage of the Front. The Indians seeing the weakenesse 
of the Bridge, came with a Canow, and tooke me in [out] 
of the middest, with foure or fiue more: being landed, wee 
made a guard for the rest till all were passed. 

Two in a ranke we marched to the Emperors house. 
Before his house stood fortie or fiftie great Platters of fine 
bread. Being entred the house, with loude tunes they all 
made signes of great ioy. This proude saluage, hauing 
his finest women, and the principall of his chiefe men 
assembled, sate in rankes as before is expressed : himself 
as vpon a Throne at the vpper ende of the house, with 
such a Maiestie as I cannot expresse, nor yet haue often 
seene, either in Pagan or Christian. With a kinde coun- 
tenance hee bad mee welcome, and caused a place to bee 
made by himselfe [for me] to sit. 

I presented him a sute of red cloath, a white Grey- 
hound, and a Hatte: as Iewels he esteemed them, and 
with a great Oration made by three of his Nobles, if there 


Phin Bios. Newes from Virginia. 


be any amongst Saluages, kindly accepted them, with a 
publike confirmation of a perpetuall league and friendship. 


25 
[1608] 


After that, he commanded the Queene of Apamatuc, a 14. 400.) 


comely yong Saluage, to giue me water, a Turkie cocke, 
and breade to eate: 

Being thus feasted, hee began his discourse to this 
purpose. Your kinde visitation doth much content mee, 
but where is your father whom I much desire to see, is he 
not with you. 

I told him, he remained aboord, but the next day he 
would come vnto him. 

With a merrie countenance he asked me for certaine 
peeces which I promised him, when I went to Paspahegh. 

I told [him] according to my promise, that I proferred 
the man that went with me foure Demy Culuerings, in 
that he so desired a great Gunne: but they refused to take 
them. 

Whereat with a lowde laughter, he desired to giue him 
some of lesse burden: as for the other I gaue him them, 
being sure that none could carrie them. But where are 
these men you promised to come with you. 

I told him, without. Who therevpon gaue order to 
haue them brought in, two after two, euer maintaining 
the guard without. And as they presented themselues, 
euer with thankes he would salute me: and caused each 
of them to haue foure or fiue pound of bread giuen them. 

This done, I asked him for the corne and ground 
{district} he promised me. 

He told me I should haue it: but he expected to haue all 
these men lay their armes at his feet, as did his subjects. 

I tolde him that was a ceremonie our enemies desired, 
but neuer our Friends, as we presented ourselues vnto 
him ; yet that he should not doubt of our friendship. The 
next day my Father would giue him a child of his, in full 
assurance of our loues, and not only that, but when he 
should thinke it conuenient,wee would deliuer vnder his 
subiection the Country of Manacam and Pocoughtaonack 
his enemies. 

This so contented him, as immediatly with attentiue 
silence, with a lowd oration he proclaimed me A werowanes 
(4.€., @ Werowance, or subordinate Chief] of Powhaton, and 


[Ap.102, 405.) 


26 
[1608] 


Mewes from Virginia. [,samss abet 


that all his subjects should so esteeme vs, and no man 
account vs strangers nor Paspaheghans, but Powhatans, 
and that the Corne, weomen and Country, should be to vs 
as to his owne people. This proffered kindnes for many 
reasons we contemned not, but with the best Languages 
and signes of thankes I could expresse, I tooke my leaue. 

The King rising from his seat, conducted me foorth, and 
caused each of my men to haue as much more bread as 
hee could beare: giuing me some in a basket, and as 
much he sent aboard for a present to my Father. 
Victuals you must know is all the[i]re wealth, and the 
greatest kindnes they could shew vs. 

Arriuing at the Riuer, the Barge was fallen so low 
[t.e., down the river] with the ebbe, though I had giuen 
order and oft sent to preuent the same, yet the messengers 
deceiued mee. The Skies being very thicke and rainie, the 
King vnderstanding this mischance, sent his Sonne and 
Mamontacke, to conduct mee to a great house sufficient to 
lodge mee: where entring I saw it hung round with bowes 
and arrowes. 

The Indians vsed all diligence to make vs fires, and giue 
vs content: the kings Orators presently entertained vs 
with a kinde oration, with expresse charge that not any 
should steale, or take our bowes or arrowes, or offer any 
injury. 

Presently after he sent me a quarter of Venizon to stay 
my stomacke: 

In the euening hee sent for mee to come onely with two 
shot with me. The company I gaue order tostand vpon their 
guard, and to maintaine two sentries at the ports all night. 

To my supper he set before me meate for twenty men, 
and seeing I could not eate, hee caused it to be giuen to 
my men: for this is a generall custome, that what they 
giue, not to take againe, but you must either eate it, giue 
it away, or carry it with you. Two or three houres we 
spent in our aun{ciJent discourses; which done, I was 
with a fire stick lighted to my lodging. 

The next day the King conducting mee to the Riuer, 
shewed me his Canowes, and described vnto me how hee 
sent them ouer the Baye, for tribute Beades: and also 
what Countries paid him Beads, Copper, or Skins. 


- ere Newes from Virginia. 


But seeing Captaine Nuport, and Maister Scriuener, com- 
ming a shore, the King returned to his house, and I went 
to meete him [Newport]. With a trumpet before him, wee 
marched to the King: who after his old manner kindly 
receiued him, especially a Boy of thirteen yeares old, 
called Thomas Saluage, whom he gaue him as his Sonne. 
He requited this kindnes with each of vs a great basket of 
Beanes. And entertaining him with the former discourse, 
we passed away that day, and agreed to bargaine the next 
day, and so returned to our Pinnis. 

The next day comming a shore in like order, the King 
hauing kindly entertained vs with a breakfast, questioned 
vs in this manner: Why we came armed in that sort, 
seeing hee was our friend, and had neither bowes nor 
arrowes ; what did wee doubt ? 

I told him it was the custome of our Country, not 
doubting of his kindnes any waies: wherewith though hee 
seemed satisfied, yet Captaine Nuport caused all our men 
to retire to the water side, which was some thirtie score 
[yards] from thence. 

But to preuent the worst, Maister Scriuener or I were 
either the one or other by the Barge: experience had 
well taught me to beleeue his friendship till conuenient 
opportunity suffred him to betray vs. But quickly this 
polititian had perceiued my absence, and cunningly sent 
for me; I sent for Maister Scriwener to supply my place: 
the King would demand for him, I would againe releeue 
him. And they sought to satisfie our suspition with kind 
Language: and not being agreed to trade for corne, hee 
desired to see all our Hatchets and Copper together, for 
which he would giue vs corne. With that auncient tricke 
the Chickahamamens had oft acquainted me: his offer I 
refused, offering first to see what hee would giue for one 
piece. Hee seeming to despise the nature of a Merchant, 
did scorne to sell: but we freely should giue him, and he 
liberally would requite vs. 

Captain Nuport would not with lesse then twelue great 
Coppers try his kindnes, which he liberally requited with 
as much corne as at Chickahamania, I had for one of lesse 
proportion. Our Hatchets hee would also haue at his 
owne rate: for which kindnes hee much seemed to 


27 
[1608] 


[Af.102, 4050 


[pp.102, 406.) 


: 3) Sa - Smith. 
28 Newes from Virginia. tcp Rage 


(1608] affect Captaine Nuport. Some few bunches of blew 

(44.103, 406.1 Beades I had, which he much desired, and seeing so few, 
he offred me a basket of two pecks, and that I drew to 
be three pecks at the least, and yet [he] seemed contented 
and desired more. I agreed with him, the next day, 
for two bushells: for the ebbe now constrained vs to 
returne to our Boate, although he earnestly desired vs to 
stay dinner which was a prouiding; and [which] being 
ready he sent aboard after vs, which was bread and venizon 
sufficient for fiftie or sixtie persons. 

The next day hee sent his Sonne in the morning, not to 
bring a shore with vs any pieces, least his weomen and 
children should feare. Captaine Nuports good beliefe 
would haue satisfied that request. Yet twentie or twentie 
fiue short we got a shore: the King importuning mee to 
leaue my armes a board, much misliking my sword 
pistol and target. I told him the men that slew my 
Brother [see ~. 19] with the like tearmes had per- 
swaded me, and being vnarmed shot at vs, and so betraide 
vs. 

He oft entreated Captaine Nuport that his men might 
leaue their armes: which [men] still hee [Newort] 
commanded to the water side. 

This day we spent in trading for blew Beads: and 
hauing neare fraighted our Barge, Captaine Nuport 
returned with them that came abord, leauing me and 
Maister Scriuener a share, to follow in Canowes. Into 
one I got with sixe of our men, which beeing la[uJnched, 
a stones cast from the shore stuck fast in the O[o]se. 

Master Scrivener seeing this example, with seuen or 
eight more passed the dreadfull bridge, thinking to haue 
found deeper water on the other creeke: but they were 
inforced to stay, with such entertainment as a saluage 
[could afford; who] being forced ashore with wind and 
raine, hauing in his Canow, as commonly they haue, his 
house and houshold, instantly set vp a house of mats, 
which succoured them from the storme. 

The Indians seeing me pestred in the O[olse, called to 
me: six or seuen of the Kings chiefe men threw off their 
skins, and to the middle in Ofo]se, came to bear me out 
on their heads. Their importunacie caused me better to 


oi rey Newes from Virginia. 


like the Canow than their curtesie, excusing my deniall 
for feare to fall into the Ofojse: desiring them to bring 
me some wood, fire, and mats to couer me, and I would 
content them. Each presently gaue his helpe to satisfie 
my request, which paines a horse would scarce haue 
indured : yet a couple of bells richly contented them. 

The Emperor sent his Seaman Mantivas in the euening 
with bread and victuall for me and my men: he no more 
scrupulous then the rest seemed to take a pride in shew- 
ing how litle he regarded that miserable cold and durty 
passage, though a dogge would scarce haue indured it. 
This kindnes I found, when I litle expected lesse then a 
mischiefe : but the blacke night parting our companies, ere 
midnight the flood serued to carry vs aboard [t.c., the Barge}. 

The next day we came ashore, the King [spoke] with a 
solemne discourse, causing all to depart but his principall 
men: and this was the effect. 

When as hee perceiuedthat we had a desire to inuade 
Monacum, against whom he was no professed enemy: 
yet thus farre he would assist vs in his enterprise. 

First hee would send his spies, perfectly to vnder- 
stand their strength and ability to fight, with which he 
would acquaint vs himselfe. Captaine Nuport would 
not be seene in it himselfe, being great Werowances. 
They [Powhatan and Newport] would stay at home: 
but I, Maister Scrivener, and two of his [Powhatan’s] 
Sonnes, and Ofechankanough the King of Pamaunke 
should haue roo. of his men to goe before as though 
they were hunting; they giuing vs notise where was 
the aduantage, we should kill them: the weomen and 
young children he wished we should spare, and bring 
them tohim. Only too. or 150. of our men he held suffi- 
cient for this exploit. Our boats should stay at the falls, 
where we might hew timber, which we might conuey, 
each mana piece, tillwe were past the stones; and there 
joyne them to passe our men by [over the] water. If any 
were shot, hismen should bring them backeto our boats. 

This faire tale had almost made Captaine Nuport vnder- 
take by this meanes to discouer the South sea: which 
will not be without trecherie, if wee ground our intent 
vpon his constancie. 


29 
[1608] 


30 
[1608] 


Newes from Virginia. mee 

This day we spent in trading, dancing, and much mirth. 
The King of Pamaunke sent his messenger [to me] (as yet 
not knowing Captaine Nuport) to come vnto him : who had 
long expected mee, desiring also my Father to visite him. 
The messenger stayed to conduct vs: but Powhatan 
vnderstanding that we had Hatchets lately come from 
Paspahegh, desired the next day to trade with vs, and not 
to go further. This new tricke he cunningly put vpon 
him, but onely to haue what he listed, and to try whether 
we would go or stay. 

Opechankenoughs messenger returned [answer], that wee 
would not come. 

The next day his [Opechancanough’s] Daughter came to 
entreat me, shewing her Father had hurt his legge, and 
much sorrowed he could not see me. 

Captaine Nuport being not to bee perswaded to goe, in 
that Powhatan had desired vs to stay: sent her away with 
the like answer. 

Yet the next day, vpon better consideration, intreatie 
preuailed; and wee anchored at Cinquoateck, the first twaine 
[town] aboue the parting of the riuer, where dwelled two 
Kings of Pamaunke, Brothers to Powhatan; the one called 
Opitchapam, the other Katatough. To these I went a 
shore, who kindly intreated mee and Maister Scriuener, 
sending some presents aboard to Captaine Nufort, whilst 
we were trucking with these Kings. 

Opechankanough his wife, weomen, and children came to 
meete me: with a naturall kind affection hee seemed to 
reioyce to see me. 

Captaine Nuport came a shore, with many kind dis- 
courses wee passed that forenoone: and after dinner, 
Captaine Nuport went about with the Pinnis to Menapa- 
cant, which is twenty miles by water, and not one by land. 
Opechankanough conducted me and Maister Scriwener by 
land: where hauing built a feasting house a purpose to 
entertaine vs, with a kind Oration, after their manner, and 
his best prouision, [he] kindly welcomed vs. That day he 
would not trucke, but did his best to delight vs with content: 

Captaine Nuport arriued towards euening; whom the 
King presented with sixe great platters of fine bread, and 
Pansarowmana. 


we ae 


EE Rone k | Newes from Virginia. 


The next day till noone wee traded: the King feasted 
all the company ; and the afternoone was spent in playing, 
dauncing, and delight. By no meanes hee would haue vs 
depart till, the next day, he had feasted vs with venizon; 
for which he had sent, hauing spent his first and second 
prouision in expecting our comming : 

The next day, he performed his promise, giuing more te 
vs three, then would haue sufficied 30. and in that we 
carried not away what we left, hee sent it after vs to the 
Pinnis. With what words or signes of loue he could 
expresse, we departed. 

Captaine Nuport in the Pinnis, leauing mee in the Barge 
todigge a rocke, where wee supposed a Mine, at Cinquaoteck : 
which done, ere midnight, I arriued at Weracomoco, where 
our Pinnis {had] anchored, being 20. miles from Cinquaotecke. 

The next day, we tooke leaue of Powhatan: who, in 
regard of his kindness, gaue him an Indian. He [was] 
well affected to goe with him for England in steed of his 
Sonne [7.¢., T. Salvage, see p. 27]: the cause, I assure me, 
was to know our strength and Countries condition : 

The next day we arriued at Kiskiack. The people [there] 
so scornefully entertained vs, as with what signes of scorne 
and discontent we could, we departed: and returned to our 
Fort with 250. bushells of Corne [on 9 March 1608]. 


Our president, being not wholy recouered of his sicknes, 
in discharging his Piece, brake and split his hand off, 
[of] which he is not yet [2 Fune 1608] well recovered. 

At Captaine Nwuforts arriuall [9 March 1608], wee were 
victualled for twelue weeks: and hauing furnished him of 
what hee thought good, hee set saile for England the 
tenth of April [1608]. Master Scrivener and my selfe, with 
our shallop, accompanied him to Cape Hendrick (1.¢., Henry]: 
Powhatan hauing for a farrewell, sent him fiue or sixe mens 
loadings, with Turkeys for [the] swords which hee sent 
him in [on] our return to the fort : 


We discouered the riuer of Nausam[on]d, a proud warlike 
Nation, as well we may testifie, [from] at our first arriual] at 
Chesiapiack : but that iniury Captaine Nuport well reuenged 
at his returne. Where some of them intising him to their 


31 
[1608] 


(4.103, 406.) 


[A. 408.) 


[AA.106, 40b.] 


32 
[1608] 


Newes from Virginia. Ae eee 
Ambuscadoes by a daunce, hee perceiuing their intent, with 
a volly of musket shot, slew one, and shot one or two 
more, as themselues confesse. 

The King at our ariuall sent for me to come vnto him. 
I sent him word what commodities I had to exchange for 
wheat, and if he would, as had the rest of his Neighbours, 
conclude a Peace, we were contented. 

At last he came downe before the Boate which rid at 
anchor some fortie yards from the shore. He signified to 
me to come a shore, and sent a Canow with foure or fiue 
of his men: two whereof I desired to come aboard and to 
stay, and I would send two to talke with their King a 
shore. Tothisheeagreed. The King wee presented with 
a piece of Copper, which he kindly excepted [accepted], and 
sent for victualls to entertaine the messengers. 

Maister Scrivener and my selfe also, after that, went 
a shore. The King kindly feasted vs, requesting vs to 
stay to trade till the next day. Which hauing done, we 
returned to the Fort. 


This riuer is a musket shot broad, each side being 
should bayes; a narrow channell, but three fadom [deep] : 
his course for eighteene miles, almost directly South, and 
by West where beginneth the first inhabitants: for a mile 
it turneth directly East, towards the West, a great bay, 
and a white chaukie [land conuenient for a Fort: his 
next course South, where within a quarter of a mile, the 
riuer diuideth in two, the neck a plaine high Corne field, 
the wester bought a highe plaine likewise, the Northeast 
answerable in all respects. In these plaines are planted 
aboundance of houses and people; they may containe 
tooo. Acres of most excellent fertill ground: so sweete, 
so pleasant, so beautifull, and so strong a prospect, for an 
inuincible strong City, with so many commodities, that I 
know as yet I haue not seene. 

This is within one daies iourney of Chawwonocke, the 
riuer falleth into the Kings [¢.e., Powhatan’s] riuer, within 
twelue miles of Cape-hendicke [t.e., Cape Henry]. 


At our Fort, the tooles we had, were so ordinarily 
stolen by the Indians, as necessity inforced vs to correct 


. Smith. ay ene 
FBO Nags ct08. Newes from Virginia. 


_ their brauing theeuerie: for he that stole to day, durst 
come againe the next day. One amongst the rest, hauing 
stolen two swords, I got the Counsels consent to set in 
_ the bilboes. The next day, with three more, he came, 
_ with their woodden swordes, in the midst of our men to 
steale. Their custome is to take any thing they can ceaze 
_ off: onely the people of Pamaunke wee haue not found 
_ stealing, but what others can steale, their King receiueth. 
I bad them depart, but flourishing their swords, they 
seemed to defend what they could catch but out of our 
hands: his pride vrged me to turne him from amongst vs, 
whereat he offred to strike me with his sword; which I 
preuented, striking him first. The rest off[e]ring to reuenge 
the blow, receiued such an incounter, and fled. The 
better to affright them, I pursued them with fiue or sixe 
_ shot, and so chased them out of the Iland|[, or rather, the 
Peninsula on which Fames Town stood}. 

The beginner of this broyle, litle expecting by his 
carriage, [that] we durst haue resisted, hauing, euen till 
that present, not beene contradicted, especially them of 
Paspahegh: these Indians within one houre, hauing by 
other Saluages then in the Fort, vnderstood that I 
threatened to be reuenged, came presently of themselues, 
and fell to working vpon our wears which were then in 
hand by other Saluages: who seeing their pride so 
incountred, were so submissiue, and willing to doe any 
thing as might be. And with trembling feare desired 
to be friends, within three daies after. 

From Nawsamond, which is 30. miles from vs, the King 
sent vs a Hatchet which they had stollen from vs at our 
being there: the messenger, as is the custome, also wee 
well rewarded and contented. 


The twenty of Aprill [1608], being at worke, in hewing 
downe Trees, and setting Corne, an alarum caused vs 
with all speede to take our armes, each expecting a new 
assault of the Saluages: but vnderstanding it [to be] a 
Boate vnder saile, our doubts were presently satisfied 
with the happy sight of Maister Nelson, his many perrills 
of extreame stormes and tempests [passed], his ship well 
as his company could testifie, his care in sparing our 


3 


33 
(1608) 


[A. 409.] 


[Ap.105, 4094 


34 
{1608] 


(6.105, 409-] 


Lép.205, 409+] 


J. Smith. 
2 June—13 Aug. 1608. 


Newes from Virginia. 
prouision was well: but the prouidence [provider] thereof, 
as also of our stones, Hatchets and other tooles (onely 
ours excepted) which of all the rest was most necessary : 
which might inforce vs to thinke [him] either a seditious 
traitor to our action, or a most vnconscionable deceiuer 
of our treasures. 

This happy arriuall of Maister Nelson in the Phenix, 
hauing beene then about three monethes missing after 
Captaine Nuports arriuall, being to all our expectations 
lost: albeit that now at the last, hauing beene long 
crossed with tempestuous weather and contrary winds, 
his so vnexpected comming did so rauish vs with ex- 
ceeding joy, that now we thought our selues as well fitted 
as our harts could wish, both with a competent number 
of men, as also for all other needfull prouisions, till a 
further supply should come vnto vs. 

Whereupon the first thing that was concluded was that 
my selfe and Maister Scriuener, should with 70. men goe 
with the best meanes we could prouide, to discouer 
beyond the Falls, as in our iudgements conueniently we 
might. Six or seauen daies we spent only in trayning out 
men to march, fight, and scirmish in the woods. Thei1 
willing minds to this action so quickned their vnder- 
standing in this exercise as, in all iudgements, wee were 
better able to fight with Powhatans whole force, in our 
order of battle amongst the Trees (for Thicks there is few) 
then the Fort was to repulse 4oo. at the first assault, with 
some tenne or twenty shot not knowing what to doe, nor 
how to vse a Piece. 

Our warrant being sealed, Maister Nelson refused to 
assiste vs with the voluntary Marriners and himself, as 
he promised, vnlesse we would stand bound to pay the 
hire for shippe and Marriners, for the time they stayed. 
And further there was some controuersie, through the 
diuersitie of Contrary opinions : some alleadging that how 
profitable, and to what good purpose soeuer our iourney 
should portend, yet our commission commanding no 
certaine designe, we should be taxed for the most indiscreete 
men in the world, besides the wrong we should doe to 
Captaine Nuport, to whom only all discoueries did belong, 
and to no other: 


ee 


A 


EEE Rares Newes from Virginia. 


The meanes for guides, besides the vncertaine courses 
of the riuer from which we could not erre much, each 
night would fortifie vs in two houres better then that 
they first called the Fort, their Townes vpon the riuer 
each within one dayes iourney of other, besides our ordinary 
prouision, might well be supposed to adde reliefe: for 
truck and dealing only, but in loue and peace, as with 


35 
[1608] 


the rest. If they assalted vs, their Townes they cannot | 


defend, nor their luggage so conuey that we should not 
share: but admit the worst, 16. daies prouision we had of 
Cheese Oatmeale and bisket; besides our randevous we 
could, and might, haue hid in the ground. With sixe 
men, Captaine Martin would haue vndertaken it himselfe, 
leauing the rest to defend the Fort and plant our Corne. 

Yet no reason could be reason to proceede forward, 
though we were going aboard to set saile. These dis- 
contents caused so many doubts to some, and discourage- 
ment to others, as our iourney ended. Yet some of vs 
procured petitions to set vs forward, only with hope of 
our owne confusions [disasters in the expedition]. 

Our next course was to turne husbandmen, to fell Trees 
and set Corne. Fiftie of our men we imployed in this 
seruice; the rest kept the Fort, to doe the command of 
the president and Captaine Martin. 

30. dayes [? from 4 May to 2 Fune 1608] the ship [the 
Phenix) lay expecting the triall of certain matters which 
for some cause I keepe priuate. 


The next exploit was an Indian hauing stolen an Axe, 
was so pursued by Maister Scriuener and them next him, 
as he threw it downe: and flying, drew his bow at any 
that durst incounter him. 

Within foure or fiue dayes after, Maister Scviwener and 
I, being a litle from the Fort, among the Corne, two 
Indians, each with a cudgell, and all newly painted with 
Tervasigillata, came circling about me as though they 
would have clubed me likeahare. I knew their faining loue 
is towards me not without a deadly hatred: but to preuent 
the worst, I calling maister Scviuener retired to the Fort. 

The Indians seeing me suspect them, with good tearmes, 
asked me for some of their men whom they would beate ; 


[pA.106, 410.] 


J. Smith. 
2 June—13 Aug. 1608, 


36 Newes from Virginta. 

[1608] and went with me into our Fort. Finding one that lay 
ordinarily with vs, only for a spie; they offered to beat 
him. I in perswading them to forbeare, they offered to 
beginne with me; being now foure: for two other arrayed 
in like manner, came in on the other side the Fort. 

Wherevpon I caused to shut the Ports, and appre- 
hend{[ed] them. 

The president and Counsell, being presently acquainted, 
remembring at the first assault [p. 7], they came in like 
manner, and neuer else but against [for] some villanie, 
concluded to commit them to prison, and expect the euent. 
Eight more we ceazed at that present. 

An houre after came three or foure other strangers 
extraordinarily fitted with arrowes, skinnes, and shooting 
gloues: their iealousie and feare bewrayed their bad intent, 
as also their suspitious departure. 

The next day, came first an Indian, then another, as 
Embassadors for their men. They desired to speake with 
me. Our discourse was, that what Spades, Shouells, 
swords, or tooles they had stolne to bring home: if not, 
the next day, they should hang 

(4s106, 410.) The next newes was, they had taken two of our men 
ranging in the woods (which mischiefe no punishment will 
preuent but hanging): and these they would, should 
redeeme their owne 16. or 18.; thus brauing vs to our doores. 

We desired the president, and Captaine Martin, that 
afternoone to sally vpon them, that they might but know 
what we durst do: and at night, mand our Barge, and burnt 
their Townes, and spoiled and destroyed what we could. 

But they brought our men, and freely deliuered them. 
The president released one. The rest we brought well 
guarded, to Morning and Euening prayers. Our men all in 
armes, their trembling feare then caused them to[o] much 
sorrow, which till then scoffed and scorned at what we 
durst doe. 

The Counsell concluded, that I should terrifie them with 
some torture, to know if I could know their intent. 

The next day, I bound one in hold [confinement] to 
the maine Mast [t.c., of the Phenix]: and presenting sixe 
Muskets with match in the cockes, forced him to desire 
life. To answere my demaunds he could not: but one 


eae 


| REN ier on Newes from Virginia. 


of his Comouodos was of the counsell of Paspahegh, that 
could satisfie me: 

I releasing him out of sight, I affrighted the other, first 
with the rack, then with Muskets ; which seeing, he desired 
me to stay, and hee would confesse to this execution. 

Maister Scriueney came, his discourse was to this effect. 

That Puspehegh, the Chickahamaniar, Youghtanum, 
Pamaunka, Mattapanient, and Kiskiack: these Nations 
were al(l] together a hunting that tooke me [f/. 15, 
70,152]. Paspahegh and Chicahamanya had entended to 
surprise vs at worke, to haue had our tools. Powhatan 
and al his would seeme friends, till Captaine Nuports 
returne, that he had againe his man, which he called 
Namontack: where, with a great feast, hee would so en- 
amor Captain Nufort and his men, as they should ceaze 
onhim. And the liketraps would be laied for the rest. 

This trap for our tooles, we suspected [to be] the chiefe 
occasion that foure daies before, Powhatan had sent the 
boy [Thomas Salvage, pp. 27 and 31], he had to vs, with many 
Turkies to Maister Scrivener and me: vnderstanding I 
would go vp vnto his Countries to destroy them; and he 
doubted [feared] it the more, in that I so oft practised my 
men, whose shooting he heard to his owne lodging, that 
much feared his wiues and children. 

We sent him word, we entended nosuch thing, but only 
to goe to Powhatan, to seeke stones to make Hatchets; 
except his men shot at vs, as Paspahegh had told vs they 
would: which if they did shoote but one arrowe, we would 
destroy them. And, least this mischiefe might happen, 
sent the boy [Thomas Salvage] to acquaint him thus much; 
and request[ed] him to send vs Weanock, one of his subiects 
for a guide. 

The boy he returned backe with his Chest and apparell, 
which then we had giuen him: desiring another for him. 
The cause was, he was practising with the Chikahamanias, 
as the boy suspected some villanie, by their extraordinary 
resort and secret conference, from whence they would send 
him. The boy we keepe. Now we would send him many 
messengers and presents, the guide we desired he sent vs: 
and withall requested vs to returne him, either the boy or 
some other. But none he couldhaue. And that day these 


37 
(1608) 


38 
[1608] 


[ Ap. 106-107, 
410. 


L4. 410.) 


Newes from Virginia. Lae oe 
Indians were apprehended, his sonne with others that had 
loaded at our Fort, returned, and being out of the Fort, 
rayled on me, to diuers of our men, to be enemies to him, 
and to the Chika[ha)manias. 

Not long after, Weanock that had bin with us for our 
guide, whom wee kept to haue conducted vs in another 
iourny, with a false excuse returned: and secretly after 
him, Amocis the Paspaheyan, who alwaies they kept 
amongst vs for a spie, whom, the better to auoide suspi- 
tion, presently after they came to beate away: 

These presumptions induced me to take any occasion, 
not onely to try the honesty of Amocis the spie, but also the 
meaning of these cunning trickes of their Emperour of 
Powhatan; whose true meaning Captaine Martin most 
confidently pleaded. 

The confession of Macanoe, which was the counseller of 
Paspahegh: first I, then Maister Scrivener, vpon their 
seuerall examinations, found by them all confirmed, that 
Paspahegh and Chickahammania did hate vs, and intended 
some mischiefe: and who they were that tooke me [f. 15] ; 
the names of them that stole our tooles and swords, and that 
Powhatan receiued them they all agreed. Certaine vollies 
of shot we caused to be discharged, which caused each 
other to think that their fellowes had beene slaine. 

Powhatan vnderstanding we detained certaine Saluages, 
sent [¢.e., 72 May 1608] his Daughter, a child of tenne yeares 
old: which, not only for feature, countenance, and propor- 
tion, much exceedeth any of the rest of his people: but 
for wit and spirit, [is] the only Nonpariel of his Country. 
This hee sent by his most trustie messenger, called 
Rawhunt, as much exceeding in deformitie of person; but 
of a subtill wit and crafty vnderstanding. 

He, with a long circumstance, told mee, how well 
Powhatan loued and respected mee; and in that I should 
not doubt any way of his kindnesse, he had sent his child, 


which he most esteemed, to see me; a Deare and bread 
besides, for a present: desiring me that the Boy [Thomas 


Salvage] might come againe, which he loued exceedingly. 
His litle Daughter hee had taught this lesson also, not 
taking notice at all of the Indeans that had beene prisoners 
three daies, till that morning that she saw their fathers 


w 


ORES Bares Newes from Virginia. 


and friends come quietly, and in good tearmes to entreate 
their libertie. 

Opechankanough sent also vnto vs, that for his sake, we 
would release two that were his friends: and for a token, 
sent me his shooting Gloue and Bracer, which the day 
our men was taken vpon; separating himself from the 
rest a long time, intreated to speake with me, where in 
token of peace, he had preferred me the same. Now all 
of them hauing found their peremptorie conditions but to 
increase our malice; which they seeing vs begin to threaten 
to destroy them, as familiarly as before, without suspition 
or feare, came amongst vs, to begge libertie for their men. 

In the afternoone, they being gone, we guarded them as 
before to the Church; and after prayer, gaue them to 
Pocahuntas, the Kings Daughter, in regard of her fathers 
kindnesse in sending her. After hauing well fed them, as 
all the time of their imprisonment, we gaue them their 
bowes, arrowes, or what else they had; and with [their] 
much content, sent them packing. Pocahuntas also we 
requited with such trifles as contented her, to tel that we 
had vsed the Paspaheyans very kindly in so releasing them. 

The next day, we had suspition of some other practise 
for an Ambuscado ; but perfectly wee could not discouer it. 

Two daies after, a Paspaheyan came to shew vs a glister- 
ing Minerall stone, and with signes demonstrating it to 
be in great aboundance like vnto Rockes: with some dozen 
more, I was sent to seeke to digge some quantitie, and 
the Indean to conduct me. But suspecting this some 
trick to delude vs, for to get some Copper of vs; or with 
some ambuscado to betray vs, seeing him’ falter in his 
tale, being two miles on our way, [we] led him ashore: 
where abusing vs from place to place, and so seeking 
either to haue drawne vs with him into the woods, or to 
haue giuen vs the slippe; I shewed him [the] Copper, which 
I promised to haue giuen him, if he had performed his 
promise. But for his scoffing and abusing vs, I gaue him 
twentie lashes with a Rope; and his bowes and arrowes, 
bidding him shoote if he durst: and so let him goe. 


In all this time, our men being all or the most part well 


39 
(1608) 


[A.107, 41¢ ] 


40 
[1608] 


J. Smith. 
2 June—x3 Aug. 1608. 


Newes from Virginia. 
recouered, and we not willing to trifle away more time 
then necessitie enforced vs vnto: we thought good, for 
the better content of the aduenturers, in some reasonable 
sort to fraight home Maister Nelson, with Cedar wood. 
About which, our men going with willing minds, [it] was 
in very good time effected, and the ship sent for England [on 
and Fune 1608, see p. 109]. Wee now remaining being in 
good health, all our men wel contented, free from mutinies, 
in loue one with another, and as we hope in a continuall 
peace with the Indians: where we doubt not but by Gods 
gracious assistance, and the aduenturers willing minds and 
speedie futherance to so honorable an action, in after times 
to see our Nation to enioy a Country, not onely exceeding 
pleasant for habitation, but also very profitable for comerce 
in generall; no doubt pleasing to almightie God, honour- 
able to our gracious Soueraigne, and commodious generally 
to the whole Kingdome. 


FINIS. 


lo a 


— oo ee 
ai 


A MAP OF VIRGINIA. 


VVITH A DESCRIPTI- 
ON OF THE COVNTREY, THE 
Commodities, People, Govern- 
ment and Religion. 


VV ritten by Captaine SM1T H, sometimes Go- 
vernour of the Countrey. 


WHEREVNTO IS ANNEXED THE 
proceedings of those Colonies, since their first 
departure from England, with the discourses, 
Orations, and relations of the Salvages, 
and the accidents that befell 
them in all their Iournies 
and discoveries 


PAREN FALTAPV LIL AS: TREY 
were written out of the writings of 


Doctor RvssELLt. RICHARD WIEFIN, 


uO. STVDLEX. WiLL. PHETTIPLACE. 
Anas ToDKILL. NATHANIEL POWELL. 
ITeEFFRA ABOT. RicHarRpvp Pos. 


And the relations of divers other diligent observers there 
present then, and now many of them in England. 


By VV. 8S. 
ODES 


“al OXFORD; 
Printed by Joseph Barnes. 1612. 


42 


(The first part of this Work is evidently an expanded and revised 
text of that “ Mappe of the Bay and Rivers, with an annexed Relation 
of the Countries and Nations that inhabit them” (%. 444), which 
President JOHN SMITH sent home, about November 1608, to the 
Council in London, as the result of his explorations in Chesapeake 
Bay in the previous summer. 


That this book of travels &c. should have been printed at the Oxford 
University Press is a most singular fact. 

The Earl of LEICESTER, then Chancellor of the University, gave, in 
1585, that University a new printing press: and JOSEPH BARNES 
was, at the same time, appointed University Printer, which office he 
held till his death, about 1617. 

The hand printing presses in England were jealously registered, 
and locked up every night, to prevent surreptious printing; all through 
the lifetime of our Author : and the Company of Stationers of London 
especially watched with a keen jealousy the printing operations of the 
two Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, who each possessed a 
single hand press. See W. HERBERT’s edition of J. AMES’s 7yfo- 
graphical Antiquities, iii, 1398, Ed. 1790, 4to. 

This solitary hand printing press at Oxford, usually produced 
sermons, theological and learned Works, &c.; in the midst of which, 
this book of travels crops up in a startling manner. 

Why could not, or would not SMITH get it printed in London? Had 
the revision of its second Part by the Rev. Dr. SIMMONDs anything to 
do with the printing at Oxford? These nuts we must leave for others 
to crack. 

Of course, being printed at Oxford, this book was not registered at 
Stationer’s Hall, London. 


For its bibliography, see g. cxxx: from which it would appear, 
that, while the eight other Works of Captain SMITH have been reprinted 
once or oftener during the last century, this is the first reprint of the 
Map of Virginia as it originally appeared. 

It is sometimes misnamed the Oxford ¢vac¢ ; but it is rather a book 
than a tract.] 


43 


foe a LE HAND: 


oe My) 


NG 


(ii Last I should wrong any in dedicating this 
> LBooke to one: I have concluded ut shal be 

_ ef particular to none. I found it only ded- 
pied to a Hand, and to that hand I addresse it. 
Now for that thts businesse ts common to the world, 
this booke may best satisfie the world, because it was 
penned in the Land zt treateth of. Lf tt bee disliked 
of men, then I would recommend it to women, for 
being dearely bought, and farre sought, i should be 
good for Ladies. When all men retected Chris- 
topher Collumbus: ¢hat ever venowned Queene 
Lzabell of Spaine, could pawne her Lewels to supply 
his wants; whom all the wise men (as they thought 
themselues) of that age contemned. I need not say 
what was his worthinesse, her noblenesse, and their 
ignorance, that so scornefully did spit at his wants, 
seeing the whole world ts enriched with his golden 
fortunes. Cannot this successfull example moue the 
incredulous of this time, to consider, to conceaue, and 
apprehend Virginia, which might be, or breed vs a 
second India? hath not England an Lzabell, as well 
as Spaine, nor yet a Collumbus as well as Geneua ? 
yes suvely it hath, whose desires are no lesse then was 
worthy Collumbus, thecr certainties more, their ex- 
periences no way wanting, only there wants but an 
Lzabell, so 1t were not from Spame. 


dpe 


(1612) 


Because many doe desire to knowe the maner of their 
language, I haue inserted these few words. 


[1607-9] 24 ka torawincs yowo. What call you this. 
Nemarough. a man. 
Crenepo. a woman. 

- = Marowanchesso. a boy. 
Yehawkans. Houses. 

Matchcores. Skins, or garments. 
Mockasins. Shooes. 

Tussan. Beds. 

Pokatawer. Fire. 

Attawp. A bowe. 

Attonce. Arrowes. 

Monacookes. Swords. 
Aumoughhowgh. A Target. 
Pawcussacks. Gunnes. 

Tomahacks. Axes. 

Tockahacks. Pickaxes. 

Pamesacks. Kniues. 

Accowprets. Sheares. 

Pawpecones. Pipes. 

Mattassin. Copper. 

Vssawassin. Iron, Brasse, Silver, or any white metal. 
Musses. Woods. 

Attasskuss. Leaues, weeds, or grasse. 
Chepsin. Land. 

Shacquohocan. A stone. 

Wepenter, a cookold. 

Suckahanna. Water. 


ESA Ree ee 


ENV LER RON CE NP gAa Py: PN 
San Jose, Calif. 


a Vocabulary of Indian words, &c.| 45 
Noughmass. Fish. (1607-9) 
Copotone. Sturgion. 
Weghshaughes. Flesh. 
Sawwehone. Bloud. 
Netoppew. Friends. 
Marrapough. Enimies. 
Maskapow. The worst of the enimies. 
Mawchick chammay. The best of friends. 
Casacunnakack, peya quagh acquintan vttasantasough. In how 
peepee will there come hether any more English 
ships 


Their numbers. 


Necut. i. 
Ningh. 2. 
Nuss. 3. 
Yowgh. 4. 
Paranske. 5. 
Comotinch. 6. 
Toppawoss. 7. 
Nusswash. 8. 
Kekatawgh. 9. 
Keskeke. [10.) 

They count no more but by tennes as tollowetn. 
Case, how many. 
Ninghsapooeksku. 20. 
Nussapoocksku. 30. 
Yowghapooeksku. 40. 
Parankestassapoocksku. 50. 
Comatinchtassapooeksku. 60. 
Nussswashtassapooeksku. 80. 
Toppawousstassapoocksku. '70. 
Kekataughtassapooeksku. go. 
Necuttoughtysinough. 100. 
Necuttwevnquaough. 1000. 


Rawcosowghs. Daies. 
Keskowghes. Sunnes. 
Toppquough. Nights. 
Nepawweshowghs. Moones, 


46 [Vocabulary of Indian words, Se. J. Smith, 


[1607-9] Pawpaxsoughes. Yeares. 

Pummahump Starres. 

Osies. Heavens. 

Okes. Gods. 

Quiyoughcosucks. Pettie Gods, and their affinities. 

Righcomoughes. Deaths. 

Kekughes. Liues. 

Mowchick woyawgh tawgh noeragh kaquere mecher. 1 am 
verie hungrie? what shall I eate? 

Tawnor nehiegh Powhatan. where dwels Powwhatan. 

Mache, nehiegh yowrowgh, orapaks. Now he dwels a great 
way hence at orapaks. 

Vitapitchewayne anpechitchs nehawper werowacomoco. You lie, 
he staide ever at werowocomoco. . 

Kator nehiegh mattagh neer vttapitchewayne. Truely he is 
there I doe not lie. 

Spaughtynere keragh werowance mawmarinough kekatenwawgh 
peyaquaugh. Run you then to the king mawmarynough 
and bid him come hither. 

Viteke, e peya weyack wighwhip. Get you gone, and come 
againe quickly. 

Kekaten pokahontas patiaquagh niugh tanks manotyens necr 
mowchick rawrenock audowgh. Bid Pokahontas bring 
hither two little Baskets, and I wil giue her white 
beads to make her a chaine. 


FINIS. 


THE DESCRIPTION 


OF VIRGINIA BY CAPTAINE 
Smith. 


lyeth betweene the pais of 34 and 44 
of the north latitude. The bounds 
thereof on the East side are the great 
Ocean. On the South lyeth Florida: 
on the North nova Francia. As for the 
West thereof, the limits are vnknowne. 
. “wY Of all this country wee purpose not to 

Per but only of that part which was planted by the 
English men in the yeare of our Lord, 1606 [1.¢., according 
to the old style of reckoning the year from the 25th of March ; 
Smuth, therefore, here means the winter of 1606-7]. And this 
is under the degrees 37. 38. and 39. The temperature of this 
countrie doth agree well with English constitutions being 
once seasoned to the country. Which appeared by this, 
that though by many occasions our people fell sicke ; yet 
did they recover by very small meanes and continued in 
health, though there were other great causes, not only to 
haue made them sicke, but even to end their daies, &c. 

The sommer is hot as in Spaine; the winter colde as in 
Fraunce or England. The heat of sommer is in Iune, 
Iulie, and August, but commonly the coole Breeses 
asswage the vehemencie of the heat. The chiefe of 
winter is halfe December, Ianuary, February, and halfe 
March. The colde is extreame sharpe, but here the 
proverbe is true that no extreame long continueth. 


The 
latitude. 


[p. 343-] 


(A. 344] 
The tent- 
perature, 


48 
[1607-9] 


The windes, 


The 
entrances. 


Case Henry. 


Cafe 
Charles. 


The 
country. 


(4. 345-] 


The voyages and discoveries of Ages 

In the yeare 1607[-8]. was an extraordinary frost in 
most of Europe, and this frost was founde as extreame in 
Virginia. But the next yeare for 8. or ro. daies of ill 
weather, other 14 daies would be as Sommer. 

The windes here are variable, but the like thunder and 
lightning to purifie the aire, I haue seldome either seene or 
[2] heard in Europe. From the Southwest came the greatest 
gustes with thunder and heat. The Northwest winde is 
commonly coole, and bringeth faire weather with it. 
From the North is the greatest cold, and from the East 
and South-East as from the Barmadas, fogs and raines. 

Some times there are great droughts, other times much 
raine, yet great necessity of neither, by reason we see not 
but that all the variety of needfull fruits in Europe may 
be there in great plenty by the industry of men, as 
appeareth by those we there planted. 

There is but one entraunce by sea into this country, and 
that is at the mouth of a very goodly Bay, the widenesse 
whereof is neare 18. or 20. miles. The cape on the South 
side is called Cafe Henry in honour of our most noble 
Prince. The shew of the land there, is a white hilly sand 
like vnto the Downes, and along the shores great plentie 
of Pines and Firres. 

The north Cage is called Cape Charles in honour of the 
worthy Duke of Yorke. 

Within is a country that may haue the prerogatiue 
over the most pleasant places of Europe, Asia, Africa, or 
America, for large and pleasant navigable rivers: heaven 
and earth never agreed better to frame a place for 
mans habitation being of our constitutions, were it fully 
manured and inhabited by industrious people. Here are 
mountaines, hils, plaines, valleyes, rivers and brookes all 
running most pleasantly into a faire Bay compassed but 
for the mouth with fruitfull and delightsome land. In the 
Bay and rivers are many Isles both great and small, some 
woody, some plaine, most of them low and not inhabited. 
This Bay lieth North and South in which the water 
floweth neare 200 miles and hath a channell for 140 miles, 
of depth betwixt 7 and 15 fadome, holding in breadth for 
the most part Io or 14 miles. From the head of the Bay 
at the north, the land is mountal[i]nous, and so in a 


J. Smith. Captaine Iohn Smith in V: wrginia. 49 


manner from thence by a Southwest line; So that the [1607-9] 
more Southward, the farther of[f] from the Bay are those 
mountaines. From which, fall [8] certaine brookes, 

which after come to fiue principall navigable rivers. 

These run from the Northwest into the South east, and 

so into the west side of the Bay, where the fall of every 

River is within 20 or 15 miles one of an other. 

The mountaines are of diverse natures, for at the head is mous 
of the Bay the rockes are of a composition like miln- 
stones. Some of marble, &c. And many peeces of 
christall we found as throwne downe by water from the 
mountaines. For in winter these mountaines are covered 
with much snow, and when it dissolveth the waters fall 
with such violence, that it causeth great inundations in 
the narrow valleyes which yet is scarce perceived being 
once in the rivers. These waters wash from the rocks 
such glistering tinctures that the ground in some places 
seemeth as guilded, where both the rocks and the earth are 
so splendent to behold, that better iudgements then ours might 
haue beene perswaded, they contained more then probabilities. 

The vesture of the earth in most places doeth mani- 7ie soc. 
festly proue the nature of the soile to be lusty and very 
rich. The coulor of the earth we found in diverse places, 
resembleth bole Armoniac, terra sigillata ad lemnia, Fullers 
earth, marle, and divers other such appearances. But 
generally for the most part the earth is a black sandy 
mould, in some places a fat slimy clay, in other places 
a very barren gravell. But the best ground is knowne by 
the vesture it beareth, as by the greatnesse of trees or 
abundance of weedes, &c. ‘ 

The country is not mounta[i]nous nor yet low but such 7% vatlyes. 
pleasant plaine hils and fert[iJle valleyes, one prettily 
crossing an other, and watered so conveniently with their 
sweete brookes and christall springs, as if art it selfe had 
devised them. 

By the rivers are many plaine marishes containing pyzines. 
some 20, some I00, some 200 Acres, some more, some [¢. 346] - 
lesse. Other plaines there are fewe, but only where the 
Savages inhabit: but all overgrowne with trees and weedes 
being a plaine wildernes as God first made it. 

On the west side of the Bay, wee said were 5. faire and 


4 


5u 


The voyages and discoveries of gin ea 


[1607-9] [4] delightfull navigable rivers, of which wee will nowe 


The river 
Powhatan. 


The 
branches. 


flames 
Towne. 


[P. 347-] 


proceed to report. 

The first of those rivers and the next to the mouth of 
the Bay, hath his course from the West and by North. 
The name of this river they call Powhatan accor[ding] to 
the name of a principall country that lieth vpon it. 
The mouth of this river is neere three miles in breadth, 
yet doe the shoules force the Channell so neere the land that a 
Sacre will overshoot it at point blanck. This river is navigable 
100 miles, the shouldes and soundings are here needlesse to 
jee expressed. It falleth from Rockes farre west in a 
country inhabited by a nation that they call Monacan. 
But where it commeth into our discoverie it is Powhatan. 
In the farthest place that was diligently observed, are 
falles, rockes, showles, &c., which makes it past navigation 
any higher. Thence in the running downeward, the river 
is enriched with many goodly brookes, which are main- 
tained by an infinit number of small rundles and pleasant 
springs that disperse themselues for best service, as doe 
the vaines of a mans body. 

From the South there fals into this river. First the 
pleasant river of Apamatuck: next more to the East are 
the two rivers of Quiyoughcohanocke. A little farther isa 
Bay wherein falleth 3 or 4 prettie brookes and creekes that 
halfe intrench the Inhabitants of Warraskoyac; then the 
river of Nandsamund, and lastly the brooke of Chisapeack. 

From the North side is the river of Chickahamania, the 
backe river of James Towne; another by the Cedar Isle 
where we lived 10 weekes vpon oisters, then a convenient 
harbour for fisher boats or smal boats at Kecoughtan, that 
so conveniently turneth it selfe into Bayes and Creeks 
that make that place very pleasant to inhabit, their corne- 
fields being girded therein in a manner as Peninsulaes. 

The most of these rivers are inhabited by severall 
nations, or rather families. [which are] Of the name of the 
rivers. They haue also in every of those places some 
Gouernour, as their king, which they call Werowances. 

In a Peninsula on the North side of this river are the 
English planted in a place by them called James [5] 
Towne, in honour of the Kings most excellent Maiestie: 
vpon which side are also many places vnder the Werowances. 


ce Captaine Tohn Smith in Virginia. 


5! 


The first and next the rivers mouth, are the Kecoughtans, [1607-9] 


who besides their women and children, haue not past 7% 


20. fighting men. The Paspaheghes, on whose land is 
seated the English Colony, some 4o. miles from the Bay, 
haue not passed 40. ‘The river called Chickahamama 
[has] neere 200. The Weanocks 100. The Arrowhatocks 
30. The place cailed Powhatan, some 40. On the South 
side [of] this river, the Appamatucks haue 60 fighting men. 
The Qutyougcohanocks, 25. The Warraskoyacks 40. The 
Nandsamunds 200. The Chesapeacks are able to make roo. 
Of this last place the Bay beareth the name. In all 
these places is a severall commander, which they call 
Werowance, except the Chickhamanians, who are governed 


severall in- 
habitants, 


by the Priestes and their Assistants of their Elders called — 


Caw-cawwassoughes. In somer no place affordeth more 
plentie of Sturgeon, nor in winter more abundance of fowle, 
especially in the time of frost. There was once taken 52 
Sturgeons at a draught, at another draught 68. From 
the later end of May till the end of June are taken few, 
but yong Sturgeons of 2 foot or a yard long. From 
thence till the midst of September, them of 2 or three 
yards long and fewe others. And in 4 or 5 houres with 
one nette were ordinarily taken 7 or 8: often more, 
seldome lesse. In the small rivers all the yeare there is 
good plentie of small fish, so that with hookes those that 
would take paines had sufficient. 

Foureteene miles Northward from the river Powhatan, 
is the river Pamavnke, which is navigable 60 or 70 myles, 
but with Catches and small Barkes 30 or 40 myles farther. 
At the ordinary flowing of the salt water, it divideth it 
selfe into two gallant branches. 

On the South side inhabit the people of Youghtanund, 
who haue about 60 men for warres. On the North 
branch Mattapament, who haue 30 men. Where this 
river is divided, the Country is called Pamavnke [6], and 
nourisheth neere 300 able men. About 25 miles lower on 
the North side of this river is Wevawocomoco, where their 
great King inhabited when Captain Smith was deliuered 
him prisoner ; yet there are not past 40 able men. But 
now he hath abandoned that, and liueth at Ovapakes by 
Youghtanund in the wildernesse. Io or 12 myles lower, 


R. Pa- 
mavnke. 


The in- 
habitants 


52 


The voyages and discoveries of oe 


[1607-9] on the South side of this river is Chiskiack, which hath 


(A. 348.] 


Payanka- 
tank, R 


Toppa- 
hanock, R. 


The 
inhabitants 


Patawomek, 
R. 


The 
inhabitants 


some 40 or 50 men. These, as also Apamatuck, I rvohatock, 
and Powhatan, are their great kings chiefe alliance and 
inhabitance. The rest (as they report) his Conquests. 

Before we come to the third river that falleth from the 
mountaines, there is another river (some 30 myles navigable) 
that commeth from the Inland: the river is called 
Payankatanke, the Inhabitants are about some 40 service- 
able men. 

The third navigable riuer is called Toppahanock. (This 
is navigable some 130 myles.) At the top of it inhabit 
the people called Mannahoackes amongst the mountaines, 
but they are aboue the place we describe. 

Vpon this river on the North side are seated a people 
called Cuttatawomen, with 30 fighting men. Higher on the 
riuer are the Moraughtacunds, with 80 able men. Beyond 
them Toppahanock with 100 men. Far aboue is another 
Cuttatawomen with 20 men. On the South, far within the 
river is Nautaughtacund hauing 150 men. This river also, 
as the two former, is replenished with fish and foule. 

The fourth river is called Patawomeke and is 6 or 7 
miles in breadth. I¢ 7s navigable 140 miles, and fed as the 
rest with many sweet rivers and springs, which fall from 
the bordering hils. These hils many of them are planted, 
and yeelde no lesse plenty and variety of fruit then the 
river exceedeth with abundance of fish. 

This river is inhabited on both sides. First on the 
South side at the very entrance is Wighcocomoco and hath 
some 130 men: beyond them Sekacawone with 30. The 
Onawmament with 100. Then Patawomeke with 160 able 
men. 

Here doth the river divide it selfe into [7] 3 or 4 con- 
venient rivers; The greatest of the least is called Quiyough 
{and] treadeth [? tvendeth] north west, but the river it selfe 
turneth North east and is stil a navigable streame. On the 
westerne side of this bought is Tauxenent with 40 men. 
On the north of this river is Secowocomoco with 40 men. 
Some what further Potapaco with zo. In the East part of 
the bought of the river 1s Pamacacack with 60 men. After, 
Moyowances with roo. And lastly, Nacotchtanke with 80 
able men. The river 10 miles aboue this place maketh 


< ier Captaine Iohn Smith in Virginia. 


1612. 


53 


his passage downe a low pleasant vally overshaddowed [1607-9] 


in manie places with high rocky mountaines ; from whence 
distill innumerable sweet and pleasant springs. 


The fifth river is called Pawtuxunt, and is of a lesse Ponrtuxwnt 
proportion then the rest; but the channell is 16 or 18 
fadome deepe in some places. Here are infinit[e] skuls of (+. 249.1 


divers kinds of fish more then elsewhere. 

Vpon this river dwell the people called Acquintanacksuak, 
Pawtuxunt and Mattapanient. 200 men was the greatest 
strength that could bee there perceived. But they inhabit 
togither, and not so dispersed as the rest. These of al 
other were found the most civill to giue intertainement. 

Thirty leagues Northward is a river not inhabited, yet 
navigable; for the red earth or clay resembling bole 
Armoniack, the English called it Bolus. 

At the end of the Bay where it is 6 or 7 miles in breadth, 
there fall into it 4 small rivers, 3 of them issuing from 
diverse bogges invironed with high mountaines. 

There is one that commeth du[e] north, 3 or 4. daies 
iourn[e]y from the head of the Bay, and fals from rocks and 
mountaines. Vpon this riuer inhabit a people called 
Sasquesahanock. 

They are seated 2 daies higher then was passage for the 
discoverers Barge, which was hardly 2 toons, and had in 
it but 12 men to perform this discouery, wherein they lay 
aboue the space of 12 weekes vpon those great waters in 
those vnknowne Countries, hauing nothing but a little 
meale or oatmeale and water to feed them; and scarse 
halfe sufficient of that for halfe that time, but that by the 
[8] Savages and by the plentie of fish they found in all 
places, they made themselues provision as opportunitie 
served; yet had they not a marriner or any that had skill 
to trim their sayles, vse their oares, or any businesse 
belonging to the Barge, but 2 or 3. The rest being 
Gentlemen or as ignorant in such toyle and labour: yet 
necessitie in a short time, by their Captaines diligence 
and example, taught them to become so perfect, that what 


Bolus, R. 


The head of 
the Bay. 


Sasquesa- 
hanock. 


they did by such small meanes, I leaue to the censure of [#.3501 


the Reader to iudge by this discourse and the annexed Map. 
But to proceed, 60 of those Sasquesahanocks came to 
the discouerers with skins, Bowes, Arrowes, Targets, 


54 The voyages and discoveries of hes 

[1607-9] Beads, Swords, and Tobacco pipes for presents. Such 
great and well proportioned men, are seldome seene, for 
they seemed like Giants to the English, yea and to the 
neighbours: yet seemed of an honest and simple disposi- 
tion, [and they were] with much adoe restrained from 
adoring the discoverers as Gods. Those are the most 
strange people of all those Countries, both in language 
and attire; for their language it may well beseeme their 

The descrig- proportions, sounding from them, as it were a great voice 

ca. in a vault, or caue, as an Eccho. Their attire is the 

hanough. skinnes of Beares and Woolues, some haue Cassacks 
made of Beares heades and skinnes that a mans necke 
goes through the skinnes neck, and the eares of the beare 
fastned to his shoulders behind, the nose and teeth hang- 
ing downe his breast, and at the end of the nose hung a 
Beares Pawe: the halfe sleeues comming to the elbowes 
were the neckes of Beares and the armes through the 
mouth, with pawes hanging at their noses. One had the 
head of a Woolfe hanging in a chaine for a Iewell; his 
Tobacco pipe 3 quarters of a yard long, prettily carued 
with a Bird, a Beare, a Deare, or some such devise at 
the great end, sufficient to beat out the braines of a man: 
with bowes, and arrowes, and clubs, su[i]table to their 
greatnesse and conditions. 

These are scarse knowne to Powhatan. They can make 
neere 600 able and mighty men, and are pallisadoed in 
their Townes to defend them from [9] the Massawomekes 
their mortall enimies. 5 of their chiefe Werowances came 
aboard the discoverers, and crossed the Bay in their Barge. 

(4. 3841 The picture of the greatest of them is signified in the Mappe. 
The calfe of whose leg was 3 quarters of a yard about: 
and all the rest of his limbes so answerable to that pro- 
portion, that he seemed the goodliest man that euer we 
beheld. His haire, the one side was long, the other shore 
close with a ridge over his crown like a cocks combe. 
His arrowes were fiue quarters [of a yard] long, headed 

(4.351) | With flints or splinters of stones, in forme like a heart, an 
inch broad, and an inch and a halfe or more long. These 
hee wore in a woolues skinne at his backe for his quiver, 
his bow in the one hand and his clubbe in the other, as is 
described. 


ree Captaine Iohn Smith in Vireinia. 55 


On the East side the Bay is the river of Tockwhogh, and [1807-9] 
vpon it a people that can make 100 men, seated some 7 Toclewhogh. 
miles within the river: where they haue a Fort very wel ~ 
pallisadoed and mantelled with the barke of trees. Next 
to them is Ozinies with 60 men. More to the South of 
that East side of the Bay, the river of Rapahanock ; neere 72, , 
vnto which is the river of Kuskavawaock, vpon which is Kuskara- 
seated a people with 200 men. After that is the river of ”* *- 
Tants Wighcocomoco, and on it a people with 100 men. Mle oedare 

The people of those rivers are of little stature, of another = 
language from the rest, and very rude. But they on the 
river of Acohanock with 40 men, and they of Accomack Accomack. 
[with] 80 men, doth equalize any of the Territories of ~~ 
Powhatan and speake his language; who over all those 
doth rule as king. 

Southward they went to some parts of Chawonock and Chawonoeck. 
the Mangoags, to search [for] them there left by Sir Walter 
Raleigh ; for those parts to the Towne of Chisapeack, hath t+ 3:21 
formerly been discovered by Maister Heriots and Sir Ralph 
Layne. 

Amongst those people are thus many severall nations chaste 
of sundry languages, that environ Powhatans ‘Terri- 
tories. The Chawonokes, the Mangoags, the Monacans, 
the Mannahokes, the Masawomekes, the Powhatans, the 
Sasquesahanocks (10), the Atquanachukes, the Tockwoghes, 
and the Kuscavawaokes. Al those not any one vnder- 
standeth another but by Interpreters. Their severall 
habitations are more plainly described by this annexed 
Mappe, which will present to the eie, the way of the [+3841 
mountaines and current of the riuers, with their seuerall 
turnings, bays, shoules, Isles, Inlets, and creekes, the 
breadth of the waters, the distances of places and such 
like. Inwhich Mappe obserue this, that as far as you see 
the little Crosses on riuers, mountaines, or other places, 
haue beene discovered ; the rest was had by information 
of the Savages, and are set downe according to their 
instructions. 


WR 


Smith. 


56 The voyages and discoveries of _ 


(1607-9] 
Of such things which are naturall in Virginia 
Ls. 3524 and how they vse them. 


Why there 
ts dittle 
er7asse. 


\ GS ivginta doth afford many excellent vegitables 
ey and liuing Creatures, yet grasse there is little 
AYA) or none but what groweth in lowe Marishes: 

AL for all the Countrey is overgrowne with trees, 

whose droppings continually turneth their grasse to weedes, 

by reason of the rancknesse of the ground; which would 

soone be amended by good husbandry. The wood that is 

most common is Oke and Walnut: many of their Okes are 

ee oe tall and straight, that they will beare two foot and a 

‘ halfe square of good timber for 20 yards long. Of this 
wood there is 2 or 3 seuerall kinds.. The Acornes of one 
kind, whose barke is more white then the other, is some- 
what sweetish ; which being boyled halfe a day in severall 
waters, at last afford a sweete oyle, which they keep in 
goards to annoint their heads and ioints. The fruit they 
eate, made in bread or otherwise. 

Elome. There is also some Elme, some black walnut tree, and 
some Ash: of Ash and Elme they make sope Ashes. If 
the trees be very great, the ashes will be good, and melt 
to hard lumps: but if they be small, it will be but powder, 
and not so good as the other. 

Walnuts, Of walnuts there is 2 or 3 kindes: there is a kinde of 

Supposed WoOOd we called Cypres, because both the wood, the fruit, 

a and leafe did most resemble it; and of those trees there 
are {11} some neere 3 fadome about at the root, very 
straight, and 50, 60, or 80 foot without a braunch. 

Multeries. By the dwelling of the Savages are some great Mulbery 
trees; and in some parts of the Countrey, they are found 
growing naturally in prettie groues. There was an assay 
made to make silke, and surely the wormes prospered 
excellent well, till the master workeman fell sicke: during 
which time, they were eaten with rats. 

Chestuuts. In some parts, were found some Chestnuts whose wild 
fruit equalize the best in France, Spaine, Germany, or Italy, 
to their tast[e]s that had tasted them all. 

Plumbs there are of 3 sorts. The red and white are 


OG 


ah eri Captaine Iohn Smith in Virginia. By 
like our hedge plumbs: but the other, which thev call [1607-9] 
Putchamins, grow as high as a Palmeta. The fruit is like (4.353. 

a medler; it is first greene, then yellow, and red when it 

is ripe: if it be not ripe it will drawe a mans mouth awrie 

with much torment; but when it is ripe, it is as delicious 

as an Apricock. 

They haue Cherries, and those are much like a Damsen ; ferries. 
but for their tastes and colour, we called them Cherries. 
We see some few Crabs, but very small and bitter. 

Of vines, [there is] great abundance in many parts, that Vines 
climbe the toppes of the highest trees in some places, but 
these beare but fewe grapes. But by the riuers and 
Savage[s] habitations where they are not overshadowed 
from the sunne, they are covered with fruit, though never 
pruined nor manured. Of those hedge grapes, wee made 
neere 20 gallons of wine, which was neare as good as your 
French Brittish wine, but certainely they would proue 
good were they well manured. 

There is another sort of grape neere as great as a Cherry, 
this they call Messaminnes ; they bee fatte, and the iuyce 
thicke : neither doth the tast so well please when they are 
made in wine. 

They haue a small fruit growing on little trees, husked Checkin. 
like a Chesnut, but the fruit most like a very small acorne. 7” 
This they call Chechinquamins, which they esteeme a great 
daintie. They haue a berry much like our gooseberry, 
in greatnesse, colour, and tast; those they call [12] Xawo. 
Rawcomenes, and doe eat them raw or boyled. esse 

Of these naturall fruits they liue a great part of the How tie 
yeare, which they vse in this manner.. The walnuts, eee 
Chesnuts, Acornes, and Chechinquamens are dryed to keepe. 
When they need them, they breake them betweene two 
stones, yet some part of the walnut shels will cleaue to the 
fruit. Then doe they dry them againe vpon a mat ouer a 
hurdle. After, they put it into a morter of wood, and beat 
it very small; that done, they mix it with water, that the 
shels may sinke to the bottome. This water will be 
coloured as milke; which they cal Pawcohiscora, and 
keepe it for their vse. 

The fruit like medlers, they call Putchamins, they cast 
vppon hurdles on a mat, and preserue them as Pruines. 


Walnut 
milke. 


58 


The voyages and discoveries of Ps ; 


[1607-9] Of their Chesnuts and Chechinguamens boyled 4 houres, 


(4. 354] 


Gurmrmes. 


Hearts. 


Rootes. 


they make both broath and bread for their chiefe men, or 
at their greatest feasts. 

Besides those fruit trees, there is @ white populer, 
and another tree like vnto it, that yeeldeth a very 
cleere and an odoriferous Gumme like Turpentine, which 
some called Balsom. There are also Cedars and Saxafras 
trees. ‘They also yeeld gummes in a small proportion of 
themselues. Wee tryed conclusions to extract it out of the 
wood, but nature afforded more then our arts. 

In the wat(e]ry valleyes groweth @ berry, which they call 
Ocoughtanamnis, very much like vnto Capers. These they 
dry in sommer. When they will eat them, they boile 
them neare halfe a day; for otherwise they differ not much 
from poyson. Mattowme groweth as our bents do in 
meddows. The seede is not much vnilike to rie, though 
much smaller. This they vse for a dainty bread buttered 
with deare suet. 

During Somer there are either strawberries which ripen 
in April; or mulberries which ripen in May and Iune. 
Raspises hurres; or a fruit that the Inhabitants call 
Maracocks, which is a pleasant wholsome fruit much like 
a lemond. 

Many hearbes in the spring time there are commonly 
dispersed throughout the woods, good for brothes and 
sallets, as Violets, Purslin, Sorrell, &c. Besides many 
we vsed whose [18] names we know not. 


The chiefe roote they haue for foode is called Tocka- 
whoughe. It groweth like a flagge in low muddy freshes. 
In one day a Savage will gather sufficient for a weeke. 
These rootes are much of the greatnes and taste of Potatoes. 
They vse to couer a great many of them with oke leaues 
and ferne, and then couer all with earth in the manner of 
a colepit ; over it, on each side, they continue a great fire 
24 houres before they dare eat it. Raw it is no better 
then poison, and being roasted, except it be tender and 
the heat abated, or sliced and dried in the sun, mixed with 
sorrell and meale or such like, it will prickle and torment 
the throat extreamely, and yet in sommer they vse this 
ordinarily for bread. 


mean Captaine Iohn Smith in Virginia. 

They haue an other roote which they call wighsacan: as 
th[eJother feedeth the body, so this cureth their hurts 
and diseases. It is a small root which they bruise and 
apply to the wound. Pocones is a small roote that groweth 
in the mountaines, which being dryed and beate in powder 
turneth red: and this they vse for swellings, aches, 
annointing their ioints, painting their heads and garments. 
They account it very pretious and of much worth, 
Musquaspenne is a roote of the bignesse of a finger, and as 
red’as bloud. In drying, it will wither almost to nothing. 
This they vse to paint their Mattes, Targets, and such like. 

There is also Pellitory of Spaine, Sasafrage, and diuers 
other simples, which the Apothecaries gathered, and com- 
mended to be good and medicinable. 

In the low Marishes, growe plots of Onyons containing 
an acre of ground or more in many places; but they are 
small, not past the bignesse of the Toppe of ones Thumbe. 


Of beastes the chiefe ave Deare, nothing differing from ours. 
In the deserts towards the heads of the riuers, ther[e] are 
many, but amongst the riuers few. 

There is a beast they call Aroughcun, much like a badger, 
but vseth to liue on trees as Squirrels doe. Their Squirrels 
some as neare as greate as [14] our smallest sort of wilde 
rabbits ; some blackish or blacke and white, but the most 
are gray. 

A small beast they haue, they call Assapanick, but we 
call them flying squirrels, because spreading their legs, 
and so stretching the largenesse of their skins that 
they haue bin seene to fly 30 or 40 yards. An Opassom 
hath an head like a Swine, and a taile like a Rat, and is of 
the bignes of a Cat. WVnder her belly shee hath a bagge, 
wherein shee lodgeth, carrieth, and sucketh her young. 
Mussascus is a beast of the forme and nature of our water 
Rats, but many of them smell exceeding strong of muske. 
Their Hares [are] no bigger then our Conies, and few of 
them to be found. 

Their Beares are very little in comparison of those of 
Muscovia and Tartaria. The Beaver is as bigge as an 
ordinary water dogge, but his legges exceeding short. 
His fore feete like a dogs, his hinder feet like a Swans. 


a 
[1607-9] 


Wighsacan 
a Root. 
(A. 355.) 


Pocones a 
small 
Roote. 


Musguas- 
penne, a 
Root. 


Pellitory. 
Sasafrage. 


Onyons. 


Their chiefe 
beasts are 
Deare 


Aroughcun. 


Squirrels. 


Assapanick 
a Squirrel 
Sying. 


Opassom. 


Mussascus, 


Beares. 


The 
Beaver, 


60 The voyages and discoveries of ieee 
[1607-9] His taile somewhat like the forme of a Racket bare with- 
[#3561 out haire; which to eate, the Savages esteeme a great 
Otters. delicate. They haue many Otters, which, as the Beavers, 
they take with snares, and esteeme the skinnes great 
ornaments ; and of all those beasts they vse to feede, when 
they catch them. 
Vetchun- There is also a beast they call Vetchunquoyes in the forme of 
gueyes. a wilde Cat. Their Foxes are like our siluer haired Conies, 
Foxes. . ° ° . 
of a small proportion, and not smelling like those in 
Dogges. England. Their Dogges of that country are like their 
Wolues, and cannot barke but howle; and their wolues 
Martins. [are] not much bigger then our English Foxes. Martins, 
Polats. Powlecats, weessels and Minkes we know they haue, because 
Weesels,and we haue seen many of their skinnes, though very seldome 
any of them aliue. 

But one thing is strange, that we could never perceiue 
their vermine destroy our hennes, egges, nor chickens, nor do 
any hurt: nor their flyes nor serpents [to be] anie waie 
pernitious ; where [as] in the South parts of America, they 
are alwaies dangerous and often deadly. 


Birds. Of birds, the Eagle is the greatest devourer. Hawkes 
there be of diuerse sorts as our Falconers called them, 
Sparowhawkes (15), Lanarets, Goshawkes, Falcons and Osper- 
ayes; but they all pray most vpon fish. Patrridges there 
are little bigger then our Quailes, wilde Turkies are as bigge 
as our tame. There are woosels or blackbirds with red 
shoulders, thrushes, and diuerse sorts of small birds, some 
red, some blew, scarce so bigge as a wrenne, but few in 
Sommer. In winter there are great plenty of Swans, 
Craynes gray and white with blacke wings, Herons, 
Geese, Brants, Ducke, Wigeon, Dotterell, Oxeies, Parrats, 
and Pigeons. Of all those sorts great abundance, and 
some other strange kinds, to vs unknowne by name. But 
in sommer not any, or a very few to be seene. 


Fish. Of fish we were best acquainted with Sturgeon, Grampus, 
Porpus, Seales, Stingraies whose tailes are very dangerous. 
Brettes, mullets, white Salmonds, Trowts, Soles, Plaice, 
Herrings, Conyfish, Rockfish, Eeles, Lampreyes, Catfish, 
Shades, Pearch of 3 sorts, Crabs, Shrimps, Creuises, 


Se 


J. Smith. 


aga Captaine Iohn Smith in Virginia. ol 


Oysters, Cocles, and Muscles. But the most strange fish [1607-9] 
is a smal one so like the picture of S. George his Dragon, 

as possible can be, except his legs and wings: and the [43571 
Tofa]defish which will swell till it be like to brust, when it 
commeth into the aire. 


Concerning the entrailes of the earth little can be saide 7 Rocks. 
for certainty. There wanted good Refiners: for these that 
tooke vpon them to haue skill this way, tooke vp the 
washings from the mounetaines and some moskered shin- 
ing stones and spangles which the waters brought down; 
flattering themselues in their own vaine conceits to haue 
bin supposed that they were not, by the meanes of that 
ore, if it proued as their arts and iudgements expected. 
Only this is certaine, that many regions lying in the same 
latitude, afford mines very rich of diuerse natures. The 
crust also of these rockes would easily perswade a man to 
beleeue there are other mines then yron and steele, if 
there were but meanes and men of experience that knew 
the mine from spare. [16] 


a\Ve 


Of their Planted fruits in Virginia and how 
they use them. 


Hey diuide the yeare into 5. seasons. Their ow thy 
AY Winter some call Popanow, the spring Cattiapeuk, yeare. 

a the sommer Cohattayough, the earing of their 
oo“ Corne Nepinough, the haruest and fall of leafe 
Taquitock. From September vntill the midst of Nouember 
are the chiefe Feasts and sacrifice. Then haue they 
plenty of fruits as well planted as naturall, as corne greene 
and ripe, fish, fowle, and wilde beastes exceeding fat. 

The greatest labour they take, is in planting their corne, How Mey | 
for the country naturally is ouergrowne with wood. To ground 
prepare the ground they bruise the barke of the trees neare 
the root, then do they scortch the roots with fire that they 


grow no more, 


Nt 


62 


[1607-9] 


[ . 358.] 


How they 
plant 


How they 
use their 
corne. 


The voyages and discoveries of ies. 

The next yeare with a crooked peece of wood, they beat 
vp the woodes by the rootes ; and in that [those] moulds, 
they plant their corne. Their manner is this. They 
make a hole in the earth with a sticke, and into it they 
put 4 graines of wheat and 2 of beanes. These holes they 
make 4 foote one from another. Their women and 
children do continually keepe it with weeding, and 
when it is growne midle high, they hill it about like a 
hop-yard. 

In Aprill they begin to plant, but their chiefe plantation 
is in May, and so they continue till the midst of Iune. 
What they plant in Aprill they reape in August, for May 
in September, for Iune in October. Every stalke of their 
corne commonly beareth two eares, some 3, seldome any 
4, many but one, and some none. Every eare ordinarily 
hath betwixt 200 and 500 graines. The stalke being green 
hath a sweet iuice in it, somewhat like a suger Cane, 
which is the cause that when they gather their corne 
greene, they sucke the stalkes: for as wee gather greene 
pease, so doe they their corne being greene, which excelleth 
their old. 

They plant also pease they cal Assentamens, which are 
the same they cal in Italye, Fagioli. Their Beanes are 
the same the Turkes call Garnanses, but these they much 
esteeme for dainties. [17] 

Their corne they rost in the eare greene, and bruis- 
ing it in a morter with a Polt, lappe it in rowles in 
the leaues of their corne, and so boyle it for a daintie. 
They also reserue that corne late planted that will not 
ripe(n], by roasting it in hot ashes, the heat thereof drying 
it. In winter they esteeme it being boyled with beans for 
a rare dish, they call Pausarowmena. Their old wheat 
they first steep a night in hot water, in the morning 
pounding it in a morter. They vse a small basket for 
their —Temmes, then pound againe the great, and so 
separating by dashing their hand in the basket, receaue 
the flower in a platter made of wood scraped to that farme 
with burning and shels. Tempering this flower with 
water, they make it either in cakes, couering them with 
ashes till they bee baked, and then washing them in faire 
water, they drie presently with their owne heat: or else 


(>: Smith. 


‘ 


= Captaine Iohn Smith in Virginia. 63 
boyle them in water eating the broth with the bread which [1607-9] 
they call Ponap. 

The grouts and peeces of the cornes remaining, by fan- 
ning in a Platter or in the wind away the branne, they 
boile 3 or 4 houres with water; which is an ordinary food 
they call Vstatahamen. But some more thrifty then 
cleanly, doe burne the core of the eare to powder which [+3591 
they call Pungnough, mingling that in their meale; but it 
never tasted well in bread, nor broth. 

Their fish and flesh they boyle either very tenderly, or How they 
broyle it so long on hurdles over the fire; or else, after #422 
the Spanish fashion, putting it on a spit, they turne first “* 
the one side, then the other, til it be as drie as their 
ierkin beefe in the west Indies, that they may keepe it a 
month or more without putrifying. The broth of fish or 
flesh they eate as commonly as the meat. 

In May also amongst their corne, they plant Pumpeons, peas 
and a fruit like vnto a muske millen, but lesse and worse; 7” 
which they call Macocks. ‘These increase exceedingly, and 
ripen in the beginning of Iuly, andcontinue vntil September. 

They plant also Maracocks a wild fruit like a lemmon, 
which also increase infinitely: they begin to ripe[n] in 
September [18] and continue till the end of October. 

When all their fruits be gathered, little els they plant, 
and this is done by their women and children; neither 
doth this long suffice them : for neere 3 parts of the yeare, 
they only obserue times and seasons, and liue of what the 
Country naturally affordeth from hand to mouth, &c. 


ax 


The commodities in Virginia or that may be 
had by industree. 


(ae he mildnesse of the aire, the fertilitie of the soile, 

and the situation of the rivers are so propitious 
<5] (24) to the nature and vse of man as no place is 
SesNl more convenient for pleasure, profit, and mans 
sustenance. Vnder that latitude or climat, here will liue 


64 


The voyages and discoveries of i 


[1607-9] any beasts, as horses, goats, sheep, asses, hens, &c. as 
Lhe witt appeared by them that were carried thither. The waters, 


diue well, 


[p. 360.] 
The com- 
modtties. 


Isles, and shoales, are full of safe harbours for ships of 
wartre or marchandize, for boats of all sortes, for transpor- 
tation or fishing, &c. 

The Bay and riuers haue much marchandable fish and 
places fit for Salt coats, building of ships, making of iron, 
&c. 


Muscovia and Polonia doe yearely receaue many thou- 
sands, for pitch, tarre, sope ashes, Rosen, Flax, Cordage, 
Sturgeon, masts, yards, wainscot, Firres, glasse, and such 
like; also Swethland for iron and copper. France in like 
manner, for Wine, Canvas, and Salt; Spaine asmuch for 
Iron, Steele, Figges, Reasons, and Sackes. Italy with 
Silkes and Velvets, consumes our chiefe commodities. 
Hol{ljand maintaines it selfe by fishing and trading at our 
owne doores. All these temporize with other for necessi- 
ties, but all as vncertaine as peace or warres: besides the 
charge, travell, and danger in transporting them, by seas, 
lands, stormes, and Pyrats. Then how much hath Virgimia 
the prerogatiue of all those florishing kingdomes for 
the benefit of our land, whenas within one hundred miles 
all those are to bee had, either ready provided by nature, 
or else to bee prepared, were there but industrious men to 
labour. Only of Copper wee may doubt is wanting, but 
there is good probabilitie that [19] both copper and better 
munerals are there to be had for their labor. Other Coun- 
tries haue it. Sothen here isa placea nurse for souldiers, 
a practise for marriners, a trade for marchants, a reward 
for the good, and that which is most of all, a businesse 
(most acceptable to God) to bring such poore infidels to 
the true knowledge of God and his holy Gospell. 


J. Smith. Captacne Lohn Smith in Virginia. 05 


Of the naturall Inhabitants of Virginia. 


TN he land is not populous, for the men be fewe ; [1607-9] 
their far greater number is of women and 
4 children. Within 60 miles of Iames Towne Ti 
wo there are about some 5000 people, but of able “”””* 
men fit for their warres scarse 1500. ‘To nourish so many 
together they haue yet no means, because they make so 
smal a benefit of their land, be it never so fertill. 

6 or 700 haue beene the most [that] hath beene seene 27577 
together, when they gathered themselues to haue surprised “est were 


Captaine Smyth at Pamavnke, hauing but 15 to withstand together, 
the worst of their furie[p. 457]. As small as the pro- toeit to 
portion of ground that hath yet beene discouered, is in “% 


surprised 
comparison of that yet vnknowne. The people differ Capiaine 
very much in stature, especially in language, as before is , pre 
expressed. tion of the 

Some being very great as the Sesquesahamocks, others ey 
very little as the Wighcocomocoes: but generally tall and 
straight, of'a comely proportion, and of a colour browne 
when they are of any age, but they are borne white. Their 
haire is generally black; but few haue any beards. The 
men weare halfe their heads shaven, the other halfe long. rier 
For Barbers they vse their women, who with 2 shels will °”” 
grate away the haire, of any fashion they please. The 
women are cut in many fashions agreeable to their yeares, 
but ever some part remaineth long. 

They are very strong, of an able body and full of agilitie, 71 
able to endure to lie in the woods vnder a tree by the fire, son. 
in the worst of winter, or in the weedes and grasse, in 
Ambuscado in the Sommer. 

They are inconstant in everie thing, but what feare con- 7%] 
straineth them to keepe. Craftie, [20] timerous, quicke of “”” 
apprehension and very ingenuous. Some are of disposition 
fearefull, some bold, most cautelous, all Savage. Generally 
covetous of copper, beads, and such like trash. They are 
soone moved to anger, and so malitious, that they seldome 
forget an iniury: they seldome steale one from another, 
least their coniurers should reueale it, and so they be 
pursued and punished. That they are thus feared is 


5 


66 


The voyages and discoveries of a 


[1607-9] certaine, but that any can reueale their offences by con- 


Thelir) 
possessions 


Their 
attire. 


[ A. 362.) 


Their 
ornaments 


iuration I am doubtfull. Their women are carefull not to 
bee suspected of dishonesty without the leaue of their 
husbands. 

Each houshold knoweth their owne lands and gardens, 
and most liue of their owne labours. 

For their apparell, they are some time couered with the 
skinnes of wilde beasts, which in winter are dressed with 
the haire, but in sommer without. The better sort vse 
large mantels of deare skins not much differing in fashion 
from the Irish mantels. Some imbrodered with white 
beads, some with copper, other painted after their manner. 


‘But the common sort haue scarce to cover their naked- 


nesse but with grasse, the leaues of trees, or such like. 
We haue seen some vse mantels made of Turky feathers, 
so prettily wrought and wouen with threeds that nothing 
could bee discerned but the feathers, that was exceeding 
warme and very handsome. But the women are alwaies 
couered about their midles with a skin and [are] very 
shamefast to be seene bare. 

They adorne themselues most with copper beads and 
paintings. Their women some haue their legs, hands, 
brests and face cunningly imbrodered with diuerse workes, 
as beasts, serpentes, artificially wrought into their flesh 
with blacke spots. In each eare commonly they haue 3 
great holes, whereat they hange chaines, bracelets, or 
copper. Some of their men weare in those holes, a smal 
greene and yellow coloured snake, neare halfe a yard in 
length, which crawling and lapping her selfe about his 
necke often times familiarly would kiss his lips. Others 
wear a dead Rat tied by the tail. Some on their heads 
weare the wing of a bird or some large feather, with a 
Rattell [21]. Those Rattels are somewhat like the chape of 
a Rapier but lesse, which they take from the taile of a snake. 
Many haue the whole skinne of a hawke or some strange 
fowle, stuffed with the wings abroad. Others a broad 
peece of copper, and some the hand of their enemy dryed. 
Their heads and shoulders are painted red with the roote 
Pocone braied to powder mixed with oyle; this they hold 
in somer to preserue them from the heate, and in winter 
from the cold. Many other formes of paintings they vse, 


rT? 


ag Captaine Lohn Smith in Virginia. 


but he is the most gallant that is the most monstrous to 
behould. 

Their buildings and habitations are for the most part by 
the riuers or not farre distant from some fresh spring. 
Their houses are built like our Arbors of small young 
springs [? sprigs] bowed and tyed, and so close covered with 
mats or the barkes of trees very handsomely, that not- 
withstanding either winde raine or weather, they are as 
warme as stooues, but very smoaky; yet at the toppe of 
the house there is a hole made for the smoake to goe into 
right over the fire. 

Against the fire they lie on little hurdles of Reedes 
covered with a mat, borne from the ground a foote and 
more by a hurdle of wood. On these round about the 
house, they lie heads and points one by th[e] other against 
the fire: some covered with mats, some with skins, and 
some starke naked lie on the ground; from 6 to 20 in a house. 

Their houses are in the midst of their fields or gardens; 
which are smal plots of ground, some 20 [acres p. 363}, 
some 40, some I00. some 200. some more, some lesse. Some 
times from 2 to 100 of these houses [are] togither, or but 
a little separated by groues of trees. Neare their habitations 
is [but] little small wood, or old trees on the ground, by 
reason of their burning of them for fire. So that a man 
may gallop a horse amongst these woods any waie, but 
where the creekes or Rivers shall hinder. 

Men women and children haue their severall names 
according to the seuerall humor of their Parents. Their 
women (they say) are easilie deliuered of childe, yet doe 
they [22] loue children verie dearly. To make them hardy, 
in the coldest mornings they wash them in the riuers, and 
by painting and ointments so tanne their skins, that after 
year or two, no weather will hurt them. 

The men bestowe their times in fishing, hunting, wars, 
and such manlike exercises, scorning to be seene in any 
woman like exercise ; which is the cause that the women be 
verie painefull and the men often idle. The women and 
children do the rest of the worke. They make mats, 
baskets, pots, morters; pound their corne, make their bread, 
prepare their victuals, plant their corne, gather their corne, 
beare al kind of burdens, and such like. 


67 
[1607-9] 


Their 
buildings 


Their 
lodgings. 


[A- 363.) 


Their 
gardens 


How they 
use the 
children, 


The 
industry 
of their 
qwomen. 


J. Smith. ° 


63 The voyages and discoveries of = 


(1607-9] Their fire they kindle presently by chafing a dry pointed 

How they  sticke in a hole of a little square peece of wood, that firing 

skeFire ++ selfe, will so fire mosse, leaues, or anie such like drie 
thing that will quickly burne. 

Their order In March and Aprill they liue much vpon their fishing, 

Sane weares; and feed on fish, Turkies and squirrels. In May 
and Iune they plant their fieldes; and liue most of 
Acornes, walnuts, and fish. But to mend their diet, some 
disperse themselues in small companies, and liue vpon 
fish, beasts, crabs, oysters, land Torteyses, strawberries, 
mulberries, and such like. In Iune, Iulie, and August, 
they feed vpon the rootes of Tocknough, berries, fish, and 
greene wheat. 

It is strange to see how their bodies alter with their 
diet; euen as the deare and wilde beastes, they seeme fat 
and leane, strong and weak. Powhatan their great king 
and some others that are provident, rost their fish and 
flesh vpon hurdles as before is expressed, and keepe it till 
scarce times. 

U4. 364.1 For fishing and hunting and warres they vse much their 

How they bow and arrowes. They bring their bowes to the forme 

bowesand Of ours by the scraping of a shell. Their arrowes are 

ermew- made, some of straight young sprigs, which they head 
with bone some 2 or 3 inches long. These they vse to 
shoot at squirrels on trees. An other sort of arrowes they 
vse, made of reeds. These are peeced with wood, headed 
with splinters [23] of christall or some sharpe stone, the 

Their spurres of a Turkey, or the bill of some bird. For his 

— knife, he hath the splinter of a reed to cut his feathers in 
forme. With this knife also, he will ioint a Deare or any 
beast; shape his shooes, buskins, mantels, &c. To make 
the noch of his arrow hee hath the tooth of a Beuer set 
in a sticke, wherewith he grateth it by degrees. His 
arrow head he quickly maketh with a little bone, which 
he ever weareth at his bracer, of any splint of a stone, or 
glasse in the forme of a hart; and these they glew to the 
end of their arrowes. With the sinewes of Deare, and the 
tops of Deares hornes boiled to a ielly, they make a glew 
that will not dissolue in cold water. 


The ag For their wars also they vse Targets that are round and 


Swords. Made of the barkes of trees, and a sworde of wood at their 


ed Captaine Tohn Smith in Virginia. 69 


backs, but oftentimes they vse for swords the horne of a [1607-9] 
Deare put through a peece of wood in forme of a Pickaxe. 
Some, a long stone sharpened at both ends vsed in the 
same manner. This they were wont to vse also for hatchets, 
but now by trucking they haue plenty of the same forme, 
ofyron. And those are their chiefe instruments and armes. 


Their fishing is much in Boats. These they make of 7%ir boats 
one tree by bowing [? burning] and scratching away the coles 
with ston[e]s and shels till they haue made it in forme of a 
Trough. Some of them are an elne deepe, and 40 or 50 
foot in length, and some will beare 40 men; but the most 
ordinary are smaller, and will beare ro, 20, or 30. according 
to their bignes. Insteed of oares, they vse paddles and 
sticks, with which they will row faster then our Barges. 

Betwixt their hands and thighes, their women vse to How they 
spin the barks of trees, deare sinews, or a kind of grasse *” 
they call Pemmenaw; of these they make a thred very tz. 365.1 
even and readily. This thred serveth for many vses, as 
about their housing, apparell; as also they make nets for 
fishing, for the quantity as formally braded as ours. They 
make also with it lines for angles. 

Their hookes are either a bone grated, as they nock their Zveir 
arrows, in the forme of a crooked pinne or fishhook ; or of 7”””** 
the splinter [24] of a bone tied to the clift of a litle stick, 
and with the ende of the line, they tie on the bate. 

They vse also long arrowes tyed in a line wherewith they 
shoote at fish in the rivers. But they of Accawmack vse 
staues like vnto Iavelins headed with bone. With these 
they dart fish swimming in the water. They haue also 
many artificiall weares in which they get abundance of fish. 

In their hunting and fishing they take extreame paines ; 
yet it being their ordinary exercise from their infancy, they 
esteeme it a pleasure and are very proud to be expert 
therein. And by their continuall ranging, and travel, they 
know all the advantages and places most frequented with 
Deare, Beasts, Fish, Foule, Rootes, and Berries. At 
their huntings they leaue their habitations, and reduce How they 
themselues into companies, as the Tartars doe, and goe to “” 
the most desert places with their families, where they 
spend their time in hunting and fowling vp towards the 


70 


The voyages and discoveries of [J Smite 


[1607-9] mountaines, by the heads of their riuers, where there is 


[. 366.] 


One Savage 
hunting 
alone. 


plentie of game. For betwixt the rivers, the grounds are 
so narrowe, that little commeth there which they devoure 
not. It is a marvel they can so directly passe these 
deserts, some 3 or 4 daies iourney without habitation. 
Their hunting houses are like vnto Arbours couered with 
mats. These their women beare after them, with Corne, 
Acornes, Morters, and all bag and baggage they vse. 
When they come to the place of exercise, euery man doth 
his best to shew his dexteritie, for by their excelling in 
those quallities, they get their wiues. Forty yards will 
they shoot leuell, or very neare the mark, and 120 is their 
best at Random. At their huntings in the deserts they 
are commonly 2 or 300 together. Hauing found the Deare, 
they enuiron them with many fires, and betwixt the fires 
they place themselues. And some take their stands in 
the midst. The Deare being thus feared by the fires and 
their voices, they chace them so long within that circle, 
that many times they kill 6, 8, ro, or 15 at a hunting. 
They vse also to driue them into some narrowe point of 
land, [25] when they find that aduantage; and so force 
them into the riuer, where with their boats they haue 
Ambuscadoes to killthem. When they haue shot a Deare 
by land, they follow him like blood hounds by the blood 
and straine, and oftentimes so take them. Hares, 
Pattridges, Turkies, or Egges, fat or leane, young or old, 
they devoure all they can catch in their power. 

In one of these huntings, they found Captaine Smith in 
the discoverie of the head of the river of Chickahamania, 
where they slew his men, and tooke him prisoner in a 
Bogmire ; where he saw those exercises, and gathered 
these observations. 

One Savage hunting alone, vseth the skinne of a Deare 
slit on the one side, and so put on his arme, through the 
neck, so that his hand comes to the head which is stuffed ; 
and the hornes, head, eies, eares, and every part as arte- 
ficially counterfeited as they can devise. Thus shrowding 
his body in the skinne, by stalking he approacheth the 
Deare, creeping on the ground from one tree to another. 
If the Deare chance to find fault, or stande at gaze, hee 
turneth the head with his hand to his best advantage to 


I tne 


i ees 


on. Captaine Tohn Smith in Virginia. 


seeme like a Deare, also gazing and licking himselfe. So 
watching his best aduantage to approach, hauing shot him, 
hee chaseth him by his blood and straine till he get him. 
When they intend any warres, the Werowances vsually 
haue the advice of their Priests and Coniurers, and their 
Allies and ancient friends; but chiefely the Priestes 
determine their resolution. Every Werowance, or some 
lustie fellow, they appoint Captaine over every nation. 
They seldome make warre for lands or goods, but for 
women and children, and principally for revenge. They 
haue many enimies, namely all their westernely Countries 
beyond the mountaines, and the heads of the rivers. 
Vpon the head of the Powhatans are the Monacans, whose 


71 
[1607-9] 


Their con- 
sultations, 


Their 
enimies 


chiefe habitation is at Russawmeake; vnto whome the 


Mouhemenchughes, the Massinnacacks, the Monahassanuggs, 
and other nations, pay tribut[e]s. 

Vpon the head of the river of Toppahanock is a [26] 
people called Mannahoacks. 'To these are contributers the 
Tauxsnitamas, the Shackaconias, the Outponcas, the Tego- 
neaes, the Whonkentyaes, the Stegarakes, the Hassinnungas, 
and diuerse others; all confederats with the Monacans, 
though many different in language, and be very barbarous, 
living for most part of wild beasts and fruits. 

Beyond the mountaines from whence is the head of the 
river Patawomeke, the Savages report, inhabit their most 
mortall enimies, the Massawomekes vpon a great salt water, 
which by all likelyhood is either some part of Commada (1.e., 
Canada],somegreat lake, or someinlet of some sea that falleth 
into the South sea. These Massawomekes are a great nation 
and very populous. For the heads of all those riuers, espes 
cially the Pattawomcekes, the Pautuxuntes, the Sasquesahanocks, 
the Tockwoughes, are continually tormented by them: of 
whose crueltie, they generally complained, and very impor- 
tunate they were with Captaine Smith and his company, to 
free them from these tormentors. ‘To this purpose, they 
offered food, conduct, assistance, and continuall subiection. 

To which he concluded to effect. But the counsell 
[Council] then present, emulating his successe, would not 
thinke it fit to spare him 40 men to be hazarded in those 
vnknowne regions; hauing passed (as before was spoken 
of) but with 12, and so was lost that opportunitie. 


{f. 367.1 


Massawo- 
mekes. 


Their 
offer of 


subiection 


72 


[1607-9] 


Their 
manner 


of battell. 


[p. 368.] 


The voyages and discoveries of ee 

Seaven boats full of these Massawomeks the discouerers 
encountred at the head of the Bay; whose Targets, 
Baskets, Swords, Tobaccopipes, Platters, Bowes and 
Arrowes, and euery thing shewed, they much exceeded 
them of our parts: and their dexteritie in their small boats 
made of the barkes of trees sowed with barke, and well 
luted with gumme, argueth that they are seated vpon 
some great water. 

Against all these enimies the Powhatans are constained 
sometimes to fight. Their chiefe attempts are by Strata- 
gems, trecheries, or surprisals. Yet the Wevowances, 
women and children, they put not to death; but keepe 
them Captiues. They haue a method in warre, and for 
our pleasures [27], they shewed it vs; and it was in this 
manner performed at Mattapanient. 

Having painted and disguised themselues in the fiercest 
manner they could devise, they divided themselues into 
two Companies, neare a 100in a company. The one com- 
pany called Monacans, the other Powhatans. Either army 
had their Captaine. These as enimies tooke their stands 
a musket shot one from another; ranked themselves 15 
a breast, and each ranke from another 4 or 5 yards; not 
in fyle, but in the opening betwixt their fyles, so as the 
Reare could shoot as conueniently as the Front. 

Hauing thus pitched the fields; from either part went a 
Messenger with these conditions: that whosoever were 
vanquished, such as escape, vpon their submission in 
2 daies after, should liue; but their wiues and children 
should be prize for the Conquerers. 

The messengers were no sooner returned, but they 
approached in their orders. On each flanke a Sarieant, 
and in the Reare an officer for levitenant, all duly keeping 
their orders, yet leaping and singing after their accustomed 
tune, which they vse only in warres. Vpon the first flight 
of arrowes, they gaue such horrible shouts and screeches, 
as though so many infernall helhounds could not haue 
made them more terrible. 

When they had spent their arrowes, they ioined together 
prettily, charging and retiring, every ranke seconding 
other. As they got advantage, they catched their enimies 
by the haire of the head; and downe he came that was 


1612. 


J. Smith. Captaine Tohn Smith in Virginia. 


73 


taken. His enimie with his wooden sword seemed to [1607-9] 


beat out his braines, and still they crept to the Reare, to 
maintaine the skirmish. 

The Monacans decreasing, the Powhatans charged them 
in the forme of a halfe moone: they vnwilling to be 
inclosed, fled all in a troope to their Ambuscadoes, on 
whome they led them very cunningly. The Monacans 
disperse themselues among the fresh men, wherevpon the 
Powhatans retired with al speed to their seconds; which 
the Monacans seeing, took that advantage to retire againe 
to their owne battell, and so each [28] returned to their 
owne quarter. 

All their actions, voices and gestures, both in charging 
and retiring, were so strained to the hight of their quallitie 
and nature, that the strangenes thereof made it seem very 
delightfull. 

For their musicke they vse a thicke cane, on which they 
pipe as on a Recorder. For their warres, they haue a 
great deepe platter of wood. They cover the mouth thereof 
with a skin, at each corner they tie a walnut, which meet- 
ing on the backside neere the bottome, with a small rope 
they twitch them togither till it be so tought and stiffe, 
that they may beat vpon it as vpon a drumme. But their 
chiefe instruments are Rattels made of small gourds or 
Pumpion shels. Of these they haue Base, Tenor, Counter- 
tenor, Meane and Trible. These mingled with their voices 
sometimes 20 or 30 togither, make such a terrible noise as 
would rather affright then delight any man. 

If any great commander arriue at the habitation of a 
Werowance, they spread a mat as the Turkes do a carpet, 
for him to sit vpon. Vpon an other right opposite they 
sit themselues. Then doe all with a tunable voice of 
showting bid him welcome. After this, doe 2. or more of 
their chiefest men make an oration, testifying their loue. 
Which they do with such vehemency and so great passions, 
that they sweate till they drop; and are so out of breath 
they can scarce speake. So that a man would take them 
to be exceeding angry or starke mad. Such victuall as 
they haue, they spend freely; and at night where his 
lodging is appointed, they set a woman fresh painted red 
with Pocones and oile, to be his bedfellow. 


Their 
Musicke 


[ A. 369.) 


Their 
entertain- 
ment. 


74 


{1607-9} 


J. Smith, 


The voyages and discoveries of x612. 


Their manner of trading is for copper, beades, and such 


The» trade. like ; for which they giue such commodities as they haue, 


Their 
phisicke. 


Their 
chirurgery. 


(4. 370-] 


Their 
charmes 
to cure. 


as skins, fowle, fish, flesh, and their country corne. But 
their victuall is their chiefest riches. ; 

Every spring they make themselues sicke with drinking 
the iuice of a root they call wighsacan, and water ; whereof 
they powre so great a quantity, that it purgeth them ina 
very violent maner; so that in 3 or 4 daies after, they 
scarce [29] recover their former health. 

Sometimes they are troubled with dropsies, swellings, 
aches, and such like diseases; for cure wherof they build 
a stoue in the form of a douehouse with mats, so close 
that a fewe coales therein covered with a pot, will make 
the pacient sweate extreamely. For swellings also they 
vse smal peeces of touchwood, in the forme of cloues, which 
pricking on the griefe, they burne close to the flesh, and 
from thence draw the corruption with their mouth. With 
this root wigisacan they ordinarily heal greene wounds: 
but to scarrifie a swelling or make incision, their best 
instruments are some splinted stone. Old vicers or putri- 
fied hurtes are seldome seene cured amongst them. 

They haue many professed Phisitions, who with their 
charmes and Rattels, with an infernall rowt of words and 
actions, will seeme to sucke their inwarde griefe from their 
navels or their grieved places; but of our Chirurgians 
they were so conceipted, that they beleeued any Plaister 
would heale any hurt. :, 


. 


\F 


Of their Religion. 
yO) 


\( “here is yet in Virginia no place discouered to 
O \ bee so Savage in which the Savages haue not a 
s religion, Deare, and Bow and Arrowes. All 

es thinges that were able to do them hurt beyond 
their prevention, they adore with their kinde of divine 
worship; as the fire, water, lightning, thunder, our ordinance, 
peeces, horses, &c. 


a8 sncmtioeti 


J-Suith. Captaine Tohn Smith in Virginia. 


But their chiefe God they worship is the Diuell. Him 
they call Oke and serue him more of feare than loue. 
They say they haue conference with him, and fashion 
themselues as neare to his shape as they can imagine. 
In their Temples, they haue his image euill favouredly 
carued, and then painted and adorned with chaines, copper, 
and beades; and couered with a skin, in such manner as 
the deformity may well suit with such a God. 

By him is commonly the sepulcher of their kings. 
Their bodies are first bowelled, then dryed vpon hurdles 
till they bee verie dry, and so about the most of their 
iointes and necke they hang bracelets or chaines of copper, 
pearle, and such like, (80) as they vse to weare: their 
inwards they stuffe with copper beads and couer with a 
skin, hatchets, and such trash. Then lappe they them 
very carefully in white skins, and so rowle them in mats 
for their winding sheetes. And in the Tombe, which 
is an arch made of mats, they lay them orderly. What 
remaineth of this kinde of wealth their kings haue, they 
set at their feet in baskets. These Temples and bodies 
are kept by their Priests. 

For their ordinary burials, they digge a deep hole in the 
earth with sharpe stakes ; and the corp[sJes being-lapped in 
skins and mats with their iewels, they lay them vpon 
sticks in the ground, and so couer them with earth. The 
buriall ended, the women being painted all their faces with 
black cole and oile, doe sit 24 howers in the houses 
mourning and lamenting by turnes, with such yelling and 
howling as may expresse their great passions. 

In every Territory of a werowance is a Temple anda 
Priest [or] 20r3 or more. Their principall Temple or place 
of superstition is at Vttamussack at Pamavnke, neare vnto 
which is a house Temple or place of Powhatans. 

Vpon the top of certaine redde sandy hils in the woods, 
there are 3 great houses filled with images of their kings 
and Divels and fombes of their Predecessors. Those 
houses are neare 60 foot in length, built arbor wise, after 
their building. This place they count so holy as that [none] 
but the Priestes and kings dare come into them: nor the 
Savages dare not go vp the river in boats by it, but that 
they solemnly cast some peece of copper, white beads, or 


75 


[1607-9] 
Their God. 


How they 
bury thei 
kings. 


(A. 371-] 


Their 
ordinary 
burials. 


Their 
Temples. 


76 The voyages and discoveries of J. Smith, 


1612. 


[1607-9] Pocones, into the river, for feare their Oke should be 
offended and revenged of them. 

Their In this place commonly is resident 7 Priests. The 

Cine chiefe differed from the rest in hisornaments: but inferior 

Priests Priests could hardly be knowne from the common people, 
but that they had not so many holes in their eares to hang 
their iewels at. 

The ornaments of the chiefe Priest was certain attires 
for his head made thus. They tooke a dosen or 16 or [81] 
more snake skins, and stuffed them with mosse; and of 
weesels and other vermine skins, a good many. All these 

[4.372] they tie by their tailes, so as all their tailes meete in the 
toppe of their head, like a great Tassell. Round about 
this Tassell is as it were a crown of feathers; the skins 
hang round about his head necke and shoulders, and in a 
manner cover his face. 

The faces of all their Priests are painted as vgly as they 
can devise. In their hands, they had every one his 
Rattell, some base, some smaller [z.e., lighter in sound]. Their 
devotion was most in songs which the chiefe Priest be- 
ginneth and the rest followed him: sometimes he maketh 
invocations with broken sentences, by starts and strange 
passions, and at every pause, the rest giue a short groane. 

It could not bee perceiued that they keepe any day as 
more holy then other: but only in some great distresse, of 

Their want, feare of enimies, times of triumph and gathering 

times o ,. togither their fruits, the whole country of men women and 
children come togither to solemnities. The manner of 
their devotion is sometimes to make a great fire in the 
house or fields, and all to sing and dance about it, with 
rattles and shouts togither, 4 or 5 houres. Sometimes 
they set a man in the midst, and about him they dance 
and sing; he all the while clapping his hands as if he 
would keepe time. And after their songs and dauncings 
ended, they goe to their Feasts. 

They haue also diuers coniurations. One they made 
when Captaine Smith was their prisoner ; (as they reported) 
to know if any more of his countrymen would ariue there, 
and what he there intended. The manner of it was thus. 

First they made a faire fire in a house. About this fire 
set 7 Priests setting him by them; and about the fire, 


J. Smith. 


ape Captaine Lohn Smith in Virginia. FF. 


_ they made a circle of meale. That done, the chiefe Priest [1607-9] 
attired as is expressed [above], began to shake his rattle; 

and the rest followed him in his song. At the end of the 

song, he laid downe 5 or 3 graines of wheat, and so con- 

tinued counting his songs by the graines, till 3 times they 
incirculed the fire. Then they divide (82! the graines 

by certaine numbers with little stickes, laying downe at 

the ende of euery song a little sticke. 

In this manner, they sat 8, 10, or 12 houres without 
cease, with such strange stretching of their armes, and 
violent passions and gestures as might well seeme strange 
to him they so coniured ; who but euery houre expected his 
end. Not any meat they did eat till, late in the evening, 
they had finished this worke: and then they feasted him 
and themselues with much mirth. But 3 or 4 daies they 
continued this ceremony. 

They hauealsocertaine Altarstones theycall Pawcorances: Their 
but these stand from their Temples, some by their ““* 
houses, other in the woodes and wildernesses. Vpon [373.1] 
these, they offer blood, deare suet, and Tobacco. These 
they doe when they returne from the warres, from hunting, 
and vpon many other occasions. 

They haue also another superstition that they vse in Sacrifices 
stormes, when the waters are rough in the riuers and sea wie 
coasts. Their Coniurers runne to the water sides, or 
passing in their boats, after many hellish outcries and 
invocations, they cast Tobacco, Copper, Pocones, and such 
trash into the water, to pacifie that God whome they 
thinke to be very angry in those stormes. 

Before their dinners and suppers, the better sort will 
take the first bit, and cast it in the fire; which is all the 
grace they are known to vse. 

In some part of the Country, they haue yearely a Tver 
sacrifice of children. Such aone was at Quiyoughcohanock, orn. a 
some 10 miles from James Towne, and thus performed. Gait fae 

Fifteene of the properest young boyes, betweene 10 and 
15 yeares of age, they painted white. Hauing brought 
them forth, the people spent the forenoone in dancing and 
singing about them with rattles. 

In the afternoone, they put those children to the roote of 
a tree. By them, all the men stood in a guard, every one 


78 The voyages and discoveries of goo 


[1607-9] hauing a Bastinado in his hand, made of reeds bound 
together. This [these] made a lane betweene them all along, 
through which there were appointed 5 young men [88] to 
fetch these children. So every one of the fiue went 
through the guard, to fetch a child, each after other by 
turnes: the guard fearelessly beating them with their 
Bastinadoes, and they patiently enduring and receauing 
all; defending the children with their naked bodies from 
the vnmercifull blowes they pay them soundly, though 
the children escape. All this while, the women weepe 
and crie out very passionately; prouiding mats, skinnes, 
mosse, and drie wood, as things fitting their childrens 
funerals. 

After the children were thus passed the guard, the 
guard tore down the tree, branches and boughs, with such 
violence, that they rent the body, and made wreathes for 

[4.374] their heads, or bedecked their haire with the leaues. 
What else was done withthe children was not seene; but 
they were all cast on a heape in a valley, as dead: where 
they made a great feast for al the company. 

The Werowance being demanded the meaning of this 
sacrifice, answered that the children were not al dead, 
but [only] that the Oke or Divell did sucke the blood from 
their left breast [of those], who chanced to be his by lot, till 
they were dead. But the rest were kept in the wilder- 
nesse by the yong men till nine moneths were expired, 
during which time they must not conuerse with any: and 
of these, were made their Priests and Coniurers. 

This sacrifice they held to bee so necessarie, that if they 
should omit it, their Oke or Divel and all their other 
Quiyoughcosughes (which are their other Gods) would let 
them haue no Deare, Turkies, Corne, nor fish: and yet 

besides, hee would make great slaughter amongst them. 

Thay resus They thinke that their Werowances and Priestes, which 
they alsc esteeme Quityoughcosughes, when they are dead, 
doe goe beyound the mountaines towardes the setting of 
the sun, and euer remaine there in forme of their Oke, 
with their heads painted with oile and Pocones, finely 
trimmed with feathers; and shal haue beades, hatchets, 
copper, and tobacco, doing nothing but dance and sing 
with all their Predecessors. 


J. Soaith.) Captaine Iohn Smith in Virginia. 


79 


But the common people, they suppose [84] shall not [1607-9] 


liue after death. 

To diuert them from this blind idolatrie, many vsed 
their best indeauours, chiefly with the Werowances of 
Quiyoughcohanock; whose devotion, apprehension, and 
good disposition much exceeded any in those Countries: 
who though we could not as yet preuaile withall to for- 
sake his false Gods, yet this he did beleeue, that our God 
as much exceeded theirs, as our Gunnes did their Bowes 
and Arrows; and many times did send to the President, at 
Iames towne, men with presents, intreating them to pray 
to his God for raine, for his Gods would not send him any. 

And in this lamentable ignorance doe these poore 
soules sacrifice themselues to the Diuell, not knowing 
their Creator. 


20 


.) B® lthough the countrie people be very barbarous; 
j = yet haue they amongst them such governement, 
FERS \3) as that their Magistrat[e]s for good command- 
(Codi2-% ing, and their people for du[e] subiection and 
obeying, excell many places that would be counted very civill. 
The forme of their Common wealth is a monarchicall 
gouernement. One as Emperour ruleth ouer many kings or 
governours. ‘Their chiefe ruler is called Powhatan, and 
taketh his name of the principall place of dwelling called 
Powhatan. But his proper name is Wahunsonacock. 

Some countries he hath, which haue been his ancestors, 
and came vnto him by inheritance, as the countrie called 
Powhatan, Arrohateck,A ppamatuke,Pamavnke, Y oughtanu[n]d, 
and Mattapanient. All the rest of his Territories expressed 
in the Map, they report haue beene his seuerall conquests. 

In all his ancient inheritances, hee hath houses built 
after their manner like arbours; some 30, some 40 yardes 
long; and at euery house, provision for his entertainement, 
according to the time. At Werowcomoco, he was seated 
vpon the North side of the riuer Pamavnke, some 14 miles 


(A. 375+) 


80 


The voyages and discoveries of ‘7S 


[1607-9] from James Towne ; where for the most part, hee was resi- 


His 
treasurie. 


His wines. 


dent, but he tooke so little pleasure in our neare neighbour- 
hood [35], that were able to visit him against his will in 
6 or 7 houres, that he retired himself [tm Fan. 1609, see 
p. 146] to a place in the deserts at the top of the riuer 
Chickahamania betweene Youghianund and Powhatan. His 
habitation there is called Ovapacks, where he ordinarily 
now resideth. 

He is of parsonage a tall well proportioned man, with a 
sower looke; his head somwhat gray, his beard so thinne 
that it seemeth none at al. His age neare 60; of a very 


- able and hardy body to endure any labour. About his 


person ordinarily attendeth a guard of 40 or 50 of the 
tallest men his Country doth afford. Every night vpon 
the 4 quarters of his house are 4 Sentinels, each standing 
from other a flight shoot: and at euery halfe houre, one 
from the Corps du guard doth hollowe ; vnto whom every 
Sentinell doth answer round from his stand. If any faile, 
they presently send forth an officer that beateth him 
extreamely. 

A mile from Orapakes in a thicket of wood, hee hath a 
house, in which he keepeth his kind of Treasure, as 
skinnes, copper, pearle, and beades; which he storeth vp 
against the time of his death and buriall. Here also is 
his store of red paint for ointment, and bowes and arrowes. 
This house is 50 or 60 yards in length, frequented only by 
Priestes. At the 4 corners of this house stand 4 Images 
as Sentinels; one of a Dragon, another a Beare, the 3 
like a Leopard, and the fourth like a giantlike man: all 
made euill favordly, according to their best workmanship. 

He hath as many women as he will: whereof when hee 
lieth on his bed, one sitteth at his head, and another at his 
feet ; but when he sitteth, one sitteth on his right hand, 
and another on his left. As he is wearie of his women, 
= Sa them on those that best deserue them at his 

ands. 

When he dineth or suppeth, one of his women, before 
and after meat, bringeth him water in a wo[ojden platter 
to wash his hands. Another waiteth with a bunch of 
feathers to wipe them insteed of a Towell, and the feathers 
when he hath wiped are dryed againe. 


J. Smith. 


ae Captaine Iohn Smith in Virginia. 81 


His kingdome descendeth [86] not to his sonnes nor chil- [1607-9] 
dren: but first to his brethren, whereof he hath 3. namely ¥ 
Opitchapan, Opechancanough, and Catataugh; and after their ““"”" 
decease to his sisters. First to the eldest sister, then to 
the rest: and after them to the heires male and female of 
the eldest sister; but never to the heires of the males. 

[Neither] He nor any of his people vnderstand any 
letters wherby to write or read; the only lawes whereby %%,,,.,, 
he ruleth is custome. Yet when he listeth, his will is a [4,377] 
law and must bee obeyed: not only asa king, but as halfea 
God they esteeme him. 

His inferiour kings whom they cal werowances are tyed 
to rule by customes, and haue power of life and death as 
their command in that nature. But this word Werowance 
which we call and conster for a king, is a common worde 
whereby they call all commanders: for they haue but fewe 
words in their language, and but few occasions to vse anie 
officers more then one commander, which commonly 
they call werowances. 

They all knowe their severall landes, and habitations, oad 
and limits to fish, fowle, or hunt in: but they hold all of their land 
their great Werowances Powhatan, vnto whome they pay 
tribute of skinnes, beades, copper, pearle, deare, turkies, wild 
beasts, and corne. What he commandeth they dare not 
disobey in the least thing. It is strange to see with what 
great feare and adoration all these people doe obay this 
Powhatan. For at his feet, they present whatsoever he 
commandeth, and at the least frowne of his browe, their 
greatest spirits will tremble with feare: and no maruell, 
for he is very terrible and tyrannous in punishing such as 
offend him. ; 

For example, hee caused certaine malefactors to be Hé 
bound hand and foot, then hauing of many fires gathered punish 
great store of burning coles, they rake these coles round ”*”* 
in the forme of a cockpit, and in the midst they cast the 
offenders to broyle to death. Sometimes he causeth the 
heads of them that offend him, to be laid vpon the altar 
or sacrificing stone, and one with clubbes beates out their 
braines.. When he would punish any notorious enimie or 
malefactor [87], he causeth him to be tied to a tree, and, 
with muscle shels or reeds, the executioner cutteth of[f] 


82 


( Smith. 


1612. 


The voyages and discoveries of 


[1607-9] his ioints one after another, euer casting what they cut 


(Ad. 985 395-] 


4. 378.1 


of[f] into the fire; then doth he proceed with shels and 
reeds to case the skinne from his head and face ; then doe 
they rip his belly, and so burne him with the tree and all. 
Thus themselues reported they executed George Cassen. 

Their ordinary correction is to beate them with cudgels. 
Wee haue seene a man kneeling on his knees; and at 
Powhatans command, two men haue beat him on the bare 
skin, till he hath fallen senselesse in a s[w]ound, and yet 
neuer cry nor complained. 

Inthe yeare 1608, hee surprised the people of Payankatank, 
his neare neighbours and subiects. The occasion was 
to vs vnknowne, but the manner was thus. First he 
sent diverse of his men as to lodge amongst them that 
night, then the Ambuscadoes inuironed al their houses, and 
at the houre appointed, they all fell to the spoile: 24 men 
they slewe, the long haire of the one side of their heades 
with the skinne cased off with shels or reeds, they brought 
away. They surprised also the women and the children 
and the Werowance. All these they present[ed] to Powha- 
tan. The Werowance, women and children became his 
prisoners, and doe him service. 

The lockes of haire with their skinnes he hanged on a 
line vnto two trees. And thus he made ostentation as of 
a great triumph at Werowocomoco; shewing them to the 
English men that then came vnto him, at his appoint- 
ment: they expecting provision; he, to betray them 
[? Captain Smith’s visit, 12 Fan. 1609, see p. 133] [and] 
supposed to halfe conquer them, by this spectacle of his 
terrible crueltie. 


And this is as much as my memory can call to mind 
worthie of note; which I haue purposely collected, to 
satisfie my friends of the true worth and qualitie of 
Virgima. Yet some bad natures will not sticke to slander 
the Countrey, that will slovenly spit at all things, 
especially in company where they can find none to 
contradict them. Who though they were scarse euer 10 
miles from Iames Town, or at the most but at the falles; 
yet holding it a great disgrace that [88] amongst so much 


Smith. Captaine ohn Smith in Virginia. 


1612. 


83 


action, their actions were nothing, exclaime of all things, [1607-9] 


though they never adventured to knowe any thing; nor 
euer did any thing but devoure the fruits of other mens 
labours. Being for most part of such tender educations 
and small experience in martiall accidents: because they 
found not English cities, nor such faire houses, nor at 
their owne wishes any of their accustomed dainties, with 
feather beds and downe pillowes, Tavernes and alehouses 
in every breathing place, neither such plenty of gold and 
siluer and dissolute liberty as they expected, [they] had little 
or no care of any thing, but to pamper their bellies, to fly 
away with our Pinnaces, or procure their means to returne 
for England. For the Country was to them a miserie, a 
ruine, a death, a hell; and their reports here, and their 
owne actions there according. 

Some other there were that had yearely stipends to pass 
to and againe for transportation: who to keepe the mystery 
of the businesse in themselues, though they had neither 
time nor meanes to knowe much of themselues; yet al 
mens actions or relations they so formally tuned to the 
temporizing times simplicitie, as they could make their 
ignorances seeme much more then al the true actors could 
by their experience. And those with their great words 
deluded the world with such strange promises as abused 
the businesse much worse then the rest. For the busi- 
nesse being builded vpon the foundation of their fained 
experience, the planters, the mony, tinne[tme],and meanes 
haue still miscaried: yet they ever returning, and the 
Planters so farreabsent, whocould contradict their excuses ? 
which, stil to maintain their vaineglory and estimation, 
from time to time they haue vsed such diligence as made 
them passe for truthes, though nothing more false. 
And that the adventurers might be thus abused, let no 
man wonder; for the wisest liuing is soonest abused by 
him that hath a faire tongue and a dissembling heart. 

There were many in Virgima meerely proiecting verbal 
[39] and idle contemplatours, and those so deuoted to pure 
idlenesse that though they had lived two or three yeares 
in Virginia lordly, necessitie it selfe could not compell 
them to passe the Peninsula, or Pallisadoes of Iames Towne; 
and those wittie spirits, what would they not affirme in 


1. 379.3 


84 The voyages and discoveries of Capt. Tohn Smith. [3 Smith. 


[1607-9] 


(2. 380.] 


1612. 


the behalfe of our transporters, to get victuall from their 
ships, or obtaine their good words in England to get their 
passes ? 


Thus from the clamors and the ignorance of false 
informers are sprung those disasters that spring in 
Virginia; and our ingenious verbalists were no lesse 
plague to vs in Virginia, then the Locusts to the Egyptians. 
For the labour of 30 of the best only, preserued in Chris- 
tianitie, by their industrie, the idle livers of neare 200 of 
the rest: who liued neer ro months of such naturall 
meanes, as the Country naturally of it selfe afforded. 

Notwithstanding all this, and the worst furie of the 
Savages, the extremitie of sicknesse, mutinies, faction, 
ignorances, and want of victuall; in all that time I lost 
but 7 or 8 men: yet subiected the Savages to our desired 
obedience, and receaued contribution from 35 of their 
kings, to protect and assist them against any that should 
assalt them ; in which order they continued true and faith- 
ful, and as subjects to his Maiestie, so long after as I did 
gouern there, vntill I left the Country: 

Since, how they haue revolted, the Countrie lost, and 
againe replanted ; and [how] the businesses hath succeeded 
trom time to time, I referre you to the relations of them 


returned from Virginia, that haue bin more diligent in 
such observations. 


FIND S's 


[The Second Part of A Map of VIRGINIA. 1612.) 


THE 


PROCEEDINGS OF 


THE ENGLISH COLONIE IN 


Virginia since their first beginning from 
England in the yeare of our Lord 1606, 
till this present 1612, with all their 
accidents that befell them in their 
Lournies and Discoveries. 


Also the Salvages discourses, orations and relations 
of the Bordering neighbours, and how they be- 
came subiect to the English. 


Unfolding even the fundamentall causes from whence haue sprang so many 
miseries to the undertakers, and scandals to the businesse ; taken faith- 
fully as they were written out of the writings of Thomas 
Studley the first provant maister, Anas Todkill, Walter 
Russell Doctor of Phisicke, Nathaniell Powell, 

William Phettyplace, Richard Wyffin, Thomas 
Abbay, Tho; Hope, Rich ; Pots ana 
the labours of divers other dili- 
gent observers, that were 
residents in Virginia. 


And pervsed and confirmed by diverse now resident in 
England that were actors in this busines. 


By W. 5S. 


AT OXFORD, 
Printed by Joseph Barnes. 16 1 2. 


86 


[T. ABBAY states, on the opposite page, respecting this second 
Part, 


Neither am I the author, for they are many, whose particular dis- 
courses are signed by their names, This solid treatise, first was 
compiled by Richard Pots, since passing the hands of many to pervse, 
chancing into my hands, (for that I know them honest men, and can 
partly well witnesse their relations true) I could do no lesse in charity 
to the world then reveale; nor in conscience, but approve. 


This Part is therefore the Vindication or Manifesto of the thirty or 
forty Gentlemen and Soldiers, who, under SMITH, saved the Colony 
pp- 155, 472, 930. So far therefore, it is an ex arte statement : but we 
have taken the edge off that objection, by printing at #/. xxxiii-cxiv 
of the Introduction all the documents, written by the other side that 
perished, which we could readily find. It will be seen that these 
introductory pieces illuminate and illustrate, rather than contradict, 
what follows. 

This second Part of the Wap of Virginia, compiled, and perhaps 
added to, by RICHARD Ports, #. 169; tested and revised by the Rev. 
WILLIAM SIMMONDS, D.D., g. 174; and published by T. ABBAY ; is 
a condensed summary of the sayings and writings of the following 
seven Virginian Colonists : 


GENTLEMEN. 
Original Planters, 1607. 


NATHANIEL POWELL (killed in the Massacre, 22 March 1622, ff. 575, 


583), PP. 93, 120. 
THOMAS STUDLEY, Cape Merchant or Colonial Storekeeper (who 


died 28 August 1607, %. Ixxii), Hf. 93, 99, 107. 
First Supply, 1608. 
WILLIAM PHETTIPLACE, Z/. 107, 148, 169, 185. 
Dr. WALTER RUSSELL, #/. 108, 115. 
RICHARD WIFFIN, 2. 108, 148, 185. 


Second Supply, 1609. 
THOMAS ABBAY, fy. 42, 88, 129, 445. 


SOLDIER. 
Original Planter, 1607. 
ANAS TODKILL, £P. 94, 107, 115, 120, 148. 


In the revision of this text in the General History, Lib. 3, in 1624; 
the testimonies of eight other Gentlemen were incorporated (not 
invented as some would think), for which see /. 384. 

It_is to be especially noted that, while he would endorse it all, 
Captain SMITH is not named as an author of azy portion of this 
Second Part, either in the title in the previous page or in the text 


itself : therefore no allusion to the POCAHONTAS deliverance should be 
expected in it; and there is none. ] 


87 


TO THE READER. 


Ong hath the world longed, but to be truely 
Ray satisfied what Virginia ts, with the truth 
of.) of those proceedings, from whence hath 
flowne so manie reports of worth, and yet few good 
effects of the charge, whith hath caused suspition 
wm many well willers that desire yet but to be truely 
satisfied therein. Lf any can resolue this doubt tt zs 
those that haue lived residents im the land: not 
salt \lers, or passengers, nor such mercinary contem- 
Plators, that only bedeck themselues with others 
plumes. This discourse 1s not from such, neither 
am I the author, for they are many, whose particular 
discourses ave signed by ther names. Thas solid 
treatise, first was compiled by Richard Pots, sence 
passing the hands of many to pervse, chancing into my 
hands, ( for that I know them honest men, and can 
partly well witnesse thetr relations true) I could do 
no lesse tn charity to the world then reveale; nor 
wm conscience, but approue. Ly the advise of many 
graue and understanding gentlemen, that haue pressed 
at to the presse, it was thought fit to publish it, 
rather in it\s| owne rude phrase then other wates. 
For that nothing can so purge that famous action 
from the infamous scandal some ignorantly haue 
conceited, as the plaine simple and naked truth. or 
defect whereof the businesse ts still suspected, the 


(1612; 


88 
[1612] 


[To the Reader. T.Abbay 


1612, 


truth unknowne, and the best deservers discouraged, 
and neglected, some by false reports, others by con- 
tecture, and such power hath fiattry to ingender of 
those, hatred and affection, that one 1s sufficient to 
beguile more then 500 can keepe from being dececued. 

But this discourse ts no Ludge of mens manners, 
nor catalogue of their former courses; only a reporter 
of thetr actions in Virginia, not to disgrace any, accuse 
any, excuse any, nor flatter any; for which cause there 
zs no wrong done but this, shortnesse in complacning, 
and so sparing in commending as only the reader may 
percetue the truth for his paines, aud the action 
purged of foule slander; tt can detract from none 
that tntendeth there to adventure their fortunes; and 
to speake truly of the first planters, that brake the 
yce and beate the path, howsoeuer many adrfficulties 
obscured their indelal\vours, he were worse then the 
worst of Ingrates, that would not spare them [their] 
memory that haue buried themselues in those forrain 
regions. From whose first adventures may spring 
more good blessings then are yet conceived. Sol rest 
thine, that will read, pervse, and vnderstand me. If 
you finde false orthography or broken English, they 
are small faultes in souldiers, that not being able to 
write learnedly, onlie striue to speake truely, and 
be understood without an Interpreter. 


Ts. ARRAY: 


THE 


PROCEEDINGS OF THE 


ENGLISH COLONY IN 
Virginia, taken faithfully out of the 
writings of Thomas Studly, Cape-mar- 
chant, Anas Todkill, Doctor Russell, 
Nathaniell Powell, William Phetiplace, and 
Richard Pot|s|, with the laboures of 
other discreet observers, during 
their residences, 


CHAPTER I. 


wl T might wel be thought, a countrie so 51g¢96-7} 
=| faire (as Virginia is) and a people so 
tractable, would long ere this haue (¢. 385.1 
beene quietly possessed, to the satis- 
faction of the adventurers, and the 

J) eternizing of the memorie of those that 

40 affected it. But because all the world 

doe see a defailement ; this following 
SWE shall giue satisfaction to all indifferent readers, 

how the businesse hath beene carried, where no doubt 

they will easily vnderstand and answer to their question, 

howe it came to passe there was no better speed and 
successe in those proceedings. 

Captaine Bartholomew Gosnold, the first mover of this 7% frst 
plantation, hauing many yeares solicited many of his pipe 
friends, but found small assistants ; at last prevailed with 
some Gentlemen, as Maister Edward maria Wingfield, 
Captaine John Smith, and diverse others, who depended a 


90 


[1606-7] 
[p. 386.] 


Orders for 
govern- 
ment, 


[ 4A. 93, 99, 
103, 386, 389, 
402, 407.] 


Monica an 
unfre- 
guented Ile 
Subl of birds. 


The proceedings and accidents of Ep 


yeare vpon his proiects, but nothing could be effected, till 
by their great charge and industrie it came to be appre- 
hended by certaine of the Nobilitie, [2] Gentrie, and Mar- 
chants, so that his Maiestie by his letters patent, gaue 
commission for establishing Councels, to direct here, and 
to governe and toexecute there. To effect this, was spent 
another yeare ; and by that time, three ships were pro- 
vided, one of 100 Tonns, another of 40. and a Pinnace of 
20. The transportation of the company was committed 
to Captaine Christopher Newport, a Marriner well practised 
for the westerne parts of America. But their orders for 
gouernement were put in a box, not to be opened, nor the 
governours knowne vntill they arived in Virginia. 

On the 19 of December, 1606. we set saile, but by vn- 
prosperous winds, were kept six weekes in the sight of 
England; all which time, Maister Hunt our Preacher, 
was so weake and sicke, that few expected his recoverie. 
Yet although he were but Io or 12 miles from his habita- 
tion (the time we were in the Downes), and notwithstand- 
ing the stormie weather, nor the scandalous imputations 
(of some few, little better then Atheists, of the greatest 
ranke amongst vs) suggested against him; all this could 
never force from him so much as a seeming desire to 
leaue the busines; but preferred the service of God, in so 
good a voyage, before any affection to contest with his 
godlesse foes, whose disasterous designes (could they haue 
prevailed) had even then overthrowne the businesse: so 
many discontents did then arise; had he not, with the 
water of patience, and his godly exhortations (but chiefly 
by his true devoted examples) quenched those flames of 
envie, and dissention. [8] 

Wee watred at the Canaries ; wee traded with the Sal- 
vages at Dominica; three weekes we spent in refreshing 
our selu(e]s amongst these west-India Iles ; in Gwardalupa 
we found a bath so hot, as in it we boiled porck as well 
as over the fire. And at the little Ile called Monica, we 
tooke from the bushes with our hands, neare 2 hogsheads 
full of birds in 3 or 4 houres. In Mevis, Mona, and the 
Virgin Iles, we spent some time, where with a lothsome 
beast like a Crocadil, called a Gwayn [Iguana], Tortoses, 
Pellicans, Parrots, and fishes, we daily feasted. 


Fee] the first planters in Virginia. 


Gone from thence in search of Virginia, the company 
was not a little discomforted, seeing the Marriners had 
three daies passed their reckoning, and found no land; 
so that Captaine Ratcliffe (Captaine of the Pinnace) rather 
desired to beare vp the helme to returne for England, 
then make further search. But God, the guider of all 
good actions, forcing them by an extream[e] storme to 
hul{l] all night, did driue them by his providence to their 
desired port, beyond all their expectations: for never any 
of them had seene that coast. 

The first land they made, they called Cape Henry; where 
anchoring, Maister Wingfield, Gosnoll, and Newport, with 
30 others, recreating themselues on shore, were assalted 
by 5 Salvages; who hurt 2 of the English very dangerously. 

That night [26 April 1607], was the box opened, and 
the orders read: in which Bartholomew Gosnoll, Edward 
Wingfield, Christopher Newport, Iohn Smith, Iohn Rat{clliffe, 
Iohn Martin, and George Kendall, were named to bee the 
Councell, and to choose a President amongst them for a 
yeare, who with the Councell should governe. Matters 
of moment were to be examined by a Jurie, [4] but deter- 
mined by the major part of the Councell in which the 
Precedent had 2 voices. 

Vntill the 13 of May, they sought a place to plant ins 
then the Councell was sworne, Maister Wingfield was 
chosen Precident, and an oration made, whie Captaine 
Smith was not admitted of the Councell as the rest 

Now falleth every man to worke, the Councell contriue 
the Fort, the rest cut downe trees to make place to pitch 
their Tents; some provide clapbord to relade the ships; 
some make gardens, some nets, &c. The Salvages often 
visited vs kindly. The Precidents overweening iealousie 
would admit no exercise at armes, or fortification but the 
boughs of trees cast together in the forme of a halfe 
moone by the extraordinary paines and diligence of 
Captaine Kendall. 

Newport, with Smith, and 20 others, were sent to dis- 
cover the head of the river. By divers smal habitations 
they passed. In 6 daies they arrived [the writer of this 
passage was evidently not im this expedition ; and 1s therefore 
probably T. Studley] at a towne called Powhatan, consisting 


oO! 


[1607] 
[p- 387.) 


Their first 
landing. 


(22. 5, 387-1 


Matters of 
govern- 
mien* 


[Z. 6.] 


[p. 6.| 

The 
discouery 
of the 
Falles ana 
Powhatan, 


99 
[1607] 


{ A. 388.] 


The Fort 

assalted 
the 

Salvages. 


[. 7-] 


(4. 8.] 


The proceedings and accidents of teers 


of some 12 houses pleasantly seated on a hill: before it, 
3 fertil{e] Iles, about it many of their cornefields. The 
place is very pleasant, and strong bynature. Of this place, 
the Prince is called Powhatan, and his people Powhatans. 
To this place, the riuer is navigable; but higher within a 
mile, by reason of the Rockes and Iles, there is not passage 
for a smal boate: this they call the Falles. The peoplein 
al parts kindly intreated them, til being returned within 
20 miles of James towne, they gave iust cause of iealousie. 
But had God not blessed the discoverers otherwise then 
those at the fort, there had then beene an end of that 
plantation. For at the fort, where they arived the next 
day, [5] they found 17 men hurt, and a boy slaine by the 
Salvages. And had it not chanced a crosse barre shot from 
the ships strooke down a bough from a tree amongst them, 
that caused them to retire, our men had all been slaine ; 
being securely all at worke, and their armes in drie fats. 

Herevpon the President was contented the Fort should 
be pallisadoed, the ordinance mounted, his men armed 
and exercised: for many were the assaults and Ambus- 
cadoes of the Salvages; and our men by their disorderly 
stragling were often hurt, when the Salvages by the 
nimblenesse of their heeles well escaped. 

What toile wee had, with so smal a power to guard our 
workmen adaies, watch al night, resist our enimies and 
effect our businesse, to relade the ships, cut downe trees, 
and prepare the ground to plant our corne, &c., I referre 
to the readers consideration. 

Six weekes being spent in this manner, Captaine Newport 
(who was hired only for our transportation) was to return 
with the ships. 

Now Captaine Smith, who all this time from their 
departure from the Canaries, was restrained [24 Mar.p. lvii] 
as a prisoner, vpon the scandalous suggestions of some of 
the chiefe (envying his repute) ; who fained he intended 
to vsurpe the governement, murder the Councell, and make 
himselfe king ; that his confederat[e]s were dispearsed in all 
the three ships, and that divers of his confederat[e]s that 
revealed it, would affirme it: for this he was committed. 

13 weekes he remained thus suspected; and by that 
time the ships should returne, they pretended, out of their 


" _ 'T. Studley. 


ae the first planters in Virginia. 93 


commisserations, to referre him to the Councell in Eng- [1607] 
land, to receaue a {6] check; rather then by particu- 
lating his designes, make him so odious to the world, as 
to touch his life, or vtterly overthrowe his reputation. Lp. 389.] 
- But he much scorned their charitie, and publikely 

defied the vttermost of their crueltie. Hee wisely pre- 
vented their pollicies, though he could not suppresse their 
envies: yet so wel he demeaned himselfe in this busines, 
as all the company did see his innocencie, and his adver- 
saries malice ; and those suborned to accuse him, accused 
his accusers of subornation. Many vntruthes were alleaged 
against him; but being so apparently disproved begat a 
generall hatred in the hlfeJarts of the company against 
such vniust commanders. 

Many were the mischiefes that daily sprong from their 
ignorant (yet ambitious) spirits; but the good doctrine 
and exhortation of our preacher Maister Hunt reconciled {29.2% 
them, and caused Captaine Smith to be admitted of the 
Councell [20 Fune]. 

The next day all receaved the Communion: the day 
following the Salvages voluntarily desired peace, and #taine 


7 A, Newports 
Captaine Newport returned for England with newes ; 7eturne for 


leaving in Virginia, 100. the 15 [or rather 22] of lune 1607. (72\"* 

The names of them that were the first planters, 

were these following. 

Master Edward Mana \ — | Robert Ford. 

Wingfield. ™ | William Bruster. (A. 390] 
Captaine Bartholomew | ~ | Drule] Pickhouse. 

Gosnoll. ® | Iohn Brookes. 
Captaine John Smyth. & | Thomas Sands. 
Captaine lohn Rat(clliffe. 5 Iohn Robinson. 3 
Captaine Iohn Martin. Vstis Clovill. 
CaptaineGeorge Kendall. Kellam Throgmorton. oO 

; Nathaniell Powell. 

Maister Robert Hunt Robert Behethland. 

Preacher. 5 Ieremy Alicock. 
Muster George Percte. Sik Thome Stidls 
Anthony Gosnoll. Cine Cys if 4 : 
Captaine Gabriell Archer.) O ; 


94 
(1607) 


p. Ix.) 


[. 39x.) 


The proceedings and accidents of 


Nicholas Houlgraue. ] 

Thomas Webbe: 

Iohn Waler. | 

William Tankard. 

Francis Snarsbrough. | 

Edward Brookes. 

Richard Dixon. r 
J 


ist 


= 


L 


Gent. 


Iohn Martin. 

George Martin. 
Anthony Gosnold. 
Thomas Wotton, Sierg. 
Thomas Gore. 

Francis Midwinter. 


William Laxon. 

Edward Pising. 

Thomas Emry. 

Robert Small. 

Anas Todhkill. 

Iohn Capper. 

Tames Read, Blacksmith. 
Ionas Profit, Sailer. 
Thomas Couper, Barber. 


Carpenters. 


? June 1608. 


Iohn Herd, Bricklayer. 
William Garret, Bricklayer. 
Edward Brinto, Mason. 
William Loue, Taylor. 
Nicholas Skot, Drum[{mer]. 
Iohn Laydon. 

William Cassen. 

George Cassen. 

Thomas Cassen. 


William Rods. | % 
William White. | © 
Ould Edward. as 
Co 
3 


Henry Tauin. 
George Golding. 
Iohn Dods. 
William Iohnson. 
William Vnger. 3 
William Wilkinson, Surgeon. 
Samuell Collier. 

Nathaniel Pecock. 


Iames Brumfield. Boyes. 
Richard Mutton. 


with diverse others, to the number of 105. [9] 


cA BOE Revie « 
What happened till the first supply. 


50) ) Eing thus left to our fortunes, it fortuned that, 


within tenne daies, scarse ten amongst vs coulde 
either goe, or well stand; such extreame weak- 
nes and sicknes oppressed vs. And thereat none 


need mervaile, if they consider the cause and reason; 


which was this. 


Whilest the ships staied, our allowance was somewhat 


T! Studley. = 


a aera the first planters in Virginia. 
bettered by a daily proportion of bisket which the sailers 
would pilfer to sell, giue, or exchange with vs, for mon[ely, 
saxefras, furres, or loue. But when they departed, there 
remained neither taverne, beere- house, nor place of 
relfejife but the common kettell. Had we beene as free 
from all sinnes as gluttony and drunkeness, we might 
haue bin canonized for Saints. But our President would 
never haue bin admitted, for ingrossing to his privat [¢.e., 
lis own use], Otemeale, sacke, oile, aquavite, beefe, eg[g]s, 
or what not, but the kettel; that indeede he allowed 
equally to be distributed: and that was halfe a pinte of 
wheat, and as much barly, boyled with water, for a man a 
day; and this having fryed some 26. weeks in the ships hold, 
contained as many wormes as graines, so that we might 
truely call it rather so much bran thancorne. Our drinke 
was water; our lodgings, castles in the air [7.c., 7m the trees]. 

With this lodging and diet, our extreame toile in bear- 
ing and planting pallisadoes, so strained and bruised (10] 
vs, and our continuall labour in the extremity of the heate 
had so weakned vs, as were cause sufficient to haue made 
vs as miserable in our natiue country, or any other place 
in the world. 

From May to September, those that escaped lived vpon 
Sturgion and sea-Crabs. 

50. in this time we buried. 

The rest seeing the Presidents proiects to escape these 
miseries in our Pinnas by flight (who all this time, had 
neither felt want nor sicknes), [this] so moved our dead 
spirits, as we deposed him [10 Sept. 1607]; and established 
Ratcliffe in his place: Gosnoll being dead [22 Aug. 1607], 
[and] Kendall deposed[? Sept. 1607]. Smith newly recovered; 
Martinand Rat{clliffe was, by his care, preservedand relieued. 

But now was all our provision spent, the Sturgeon 
gone, all helps abandoned, each houre expecting the fury 
of the Salvages ; when God, the patron of all good indea- 
vours, in that desperate extreamity, so changed the harts 
of the Salvages, that they brought such plenty of their 
fruits and provision, as no man wanted. 

And now where some affirmed it was ill done cf the 
Councel to send forth men so badly prouided, this incon- 
tradictable reason will shew them plainely they are too ill 


95 
[1697] 


The sailers 
abuses. 


A bad 
Precident 


p- 8.) 


(p. 392.) 


Plentie 
unexpected, 


96 
[1607] 


[Z. 9-] 


The proceedings and accidents of Pde 


advised to nourish such il conceipts. First, the fault of 
our going was our owne. What could bee thought fitting 
or necessary wee had: but what wee should finde, what we 
should want, where we shoulde be, we were all ignorant [of]. 
And supposing to make our passage in two monthes, with 
victuall to liue, and the advantage of the spring to worke: 
we weare at sea 5. monthes, where we both spent our 
victuall and lost the opportunity of the time and season to 
plant. (11) 

Such actions haue ever since the worlds beginning 
beene subiect to such accidents, and every thing of worth 
is found full of difficulties: but nothing [is] so difficult as 
to establish a common wealth so farre remote from men 
and meanes; and where mens mindes are so vntoward as 
neither do well themselues, nor suffer others. But to 
proceed. 

The new President, and Martin, being little beloved, of 
weake iudgement in dangers and lesse industry in peace, 
committed the managing of all things abroad [1.e., out of 
doors] to captaine Smith: who, by his owne example, good 


The building Words, and faire promises, set some to mow, others to binde 


of lames 
Towne. 


[A- 393 


The 
beginning 
of trade 
abroad. 
[P91 


[Z. x0.] 


thatch; some to build houses, others to thatch them; 
himselfe alwaies bearing the greatest taske for his own 
share: so that, in short time, he provided most of them 
lodgings, neglecting any for himselfe. 

This done, seeing the Salvages superfluity beginne to 
decrease, [he] (with some of his workemen) shipped himselfe 
in the shallop, to search the country for trade. The want 
of the language, knowledge to mannage his boat without 
sailers, the want of a sufficient power [forces] (knowing 
the multitude of the Saluages), {of ] apparell for his men, 
and [of] other necessaries; [these] were infinite impedi- 
ments, yet no discouragement. 

Being but 6 or 7 in company, he went down the riuer to 
Kecoughtan; where at first they scorned him, as a starved 
man: yet he so dealt with them, that the next day they 
loaded his boat with corne. And in his returne, he 
discouered and kindly traded with the Weraskoyks. 

In the meane time, those at the fort so glutted the 
Saluages with their commodities, as they became not 
regarded. [12] 


 aseapar§ the first planters in Virginia. 


Smith perceiving (notwithstanding their late miserie) 
not any regarded but from hand to mouth, the company 
being well recovered, caused the Pinas to bee provided 
with things fitting to get provision for the yeare following. 
But in the interim, he made 3. or 4. iournies, and 
discovered the people of Chickahamine. Yet what he 
carefully provided, the rest careles(s]ly spent. 

Wingfield and Kendall liuing in disgrace, (seeing al 
things at randome in the absence of Smith, the companies 
dislike of their Presidents weaknes, and their small loue 
to Martins never-mending sicknes) strengthened themselues 
with the sailers and other confederates, to regaine their 
former credit and authority, or at least such meanes abord 
the Pinas (being fitted to saile as Smith had appointed for 
trade), to alter her course, and to go for England. 

Smuth ynexpectedly returning [? Nov. 1607], had the plo 
discovered to him. Much trouble he had to prevent it, till 
with store of fauken [falcon balls} and musket shot, he 
forced them [1.¢., by threats] [to] stay or sinke in the riuer 
Which action cost the life of captaine Kendall [who was 
shot after trial, see p. 13). 

These brawles are so disgustfull, as some will say they 
were better forgotten: yet all men of good iudgement will 
conclude, it were better their basenes should be manifest 
to the world, then the busines beare the scorne and shame 
of their excused disorders. 

The President and captaine Archer not long after 
intended also to haue abandoned the country; which 
proiect also was curbed and suppressed by Smith. 

The Spanyard never more greedily desired gold then 
he victuall: which he found so plentiful in the riuer of 
Chickahamine, where hundreds of Salvages, in diuers places, 
stood with baskets expecting his coming. [13] 

And now the winter approaching, the rivers became so 
covered with swans, geese, duckes, and cranes, that we 
daily feasted with good bread, Virginia pease, pumpions, 
and putchamins; fish, fowle, and diverse sorts of wild beasts 
as fat as we could eat them: so that none of our Tuftaffaty 
humorists desired to goe for England. 


But our comedies never endured long without a 


7 


97 


[1607] 
(2. 394-1 


The 

discoverie 

of Chicka- 
mine. 


[Z. x0] 
Another 
protect to 
abandon thu 
Country. 


[#- 395+) 


98 
[1607-8] 


Cs. 14.) 


(A. 15.) 


The 3. 
protect to 
abandon the 
fort 


[p. 22.] 


(p. 402.] 


The proceedings and actions of mses 4 


Tragedie. Some idle exceptions being muttered against Cap- 
taine Smith, for not discovering the head of Chickahamine 
river; and taxed by the Councell, to bee too slow in so 
worthie an attempt: the next voyage, hee proceeded so farre 
that with much labour, by cutting of trees in sunder, he 
made his passage. 

But when his Barge could passe no farther, he left her 
in a broad bay, out of danger of shot ; commanding none 
should goe ashore till his returne. [He] himselfe, with 2 
English and two Salvages, went vp higher in a Canowe. 

But hee was not long absent, but his men went ashore; 
whose want of government gaue both occasion and oppor- 
tunity to the Salvages, to surprise one George Casson; and 
much failed not to haue cut of{f] the boat and all the rest. 

Smith little dreaming of that accident, being got to the 
marshes at the rivers head, 20 myles in the desert, had 
his 2 men slaine, (as is supposed) sleeping by the 
Canowe, whilst himselfe by fowling sought them victuall. 
Who finding he was beset with 200 Salvages, 2 of them 
hee slew; stil defending himselfe with the aid of a Salvage 
his guid[e], whome hee bounde to his arme and vsed as 
his buckler: till at last slipping into a bogmire, they tooke 
him prisoner. 

When this newes came to the fort, much was their 
sorrow for his losse, fewe expecting (14] what ensued. 

A month those Barbarians kept him prisoner. Many 
strange triumphes and coniurations they made of him: 
yet hee so demeaned himselfe amongst them, as he not only 
diverted them from surprising the Fort; but procure his 
owne liberty, and got himselfe and his company such 
estimation amongst them, that those Salvages admired 
[wondered at] him as a demi-God. 

So returning safe to the Fort [on 8 Fan. 1608], [he] once 
more staied the Pinnas her flight for England; which, til 
his returne, could not set saile, so extreame was the 
weather, and so great the frost. 

His relation of the plentie he had seene, especially at 
Werowocomoco, where inhabited Powhatan (that till that 
time was vnknowne [7.c., personally}), so revived againe their 
dead spirits as all mens feare was abandoned. 

Powhatan having sent with this Captaine, divers of his 


Santa Clara County Free Library 
San Jose, Calif, 
By 3 . . eure 
paid the first planters in Virginia. 


men loaded with provision; he had conditioned, and so 
appointed his trustie messengers to bring but 2 or 3 of our 
great ordenances: but the messengers being satisfied with 
the sight of one of them discharged, ran away amazed 
with feare, till meanes was vsed with guifts to assure them 
[of] our loues. 


Thus you may see what difficulties stil crossed any good 
indeavour, and the good successe of the businesse; and 
being thus oft brought to the very period of destruction, 
yet you see by what strange meanes God hath still 
delivered it. 

As for the insufficiencie of them admitted in commis- 
sion, that errour could not be prevented by their electors ; 
there being no other choice, and all were strangers each 
to others education, quallities, or disposition. 

And if any deeme it a shame to our nation, to haue any 
mention made of these enormities [15], let them pervse the 
histories of the Spanish discoveries and plantations: where 
they may see how many mutinies, discords, and dissen- 
tions haue accompanied them and crossed their attempts ; 
which being knowne to be particular mens offences, doth 
take away the generall scorne and contempt, [that] mallice 
and ignorance might else produce to the scandall and 
reproach of those whose actions and valiant resolution 
deserue a worthie respect. 

Now whether it had beene better for Captaine Smith to 
haue concluded with any of their severall proiects to haue 
abandoned the Countrie with some 10 or 12 of them [that] 
we cal the better sort; to haue left Maister Hunt our 
preacher, Maister Anthony Gosnoll (a most honest worthy 
and industrious gentleman) with some 30 or 40 others, his 
countrie men, to the furie of the Salvages, famin, and all 
manner of mischiefes and inconveniences; or starved 
himselfe with them for company, for want of lodging ; or 
but adventuring abroad to make them provision: or by 
his opposition, to preserue the action, and saue all their 
liues; I leaue to the censure of others to consider. 


Thomas Studley. 


99 
[1608] 


A true 
proofe of 
Gods loue’ 
to the 
action. 


(Ae. 90, 93, 
103, 386, 3895 
402, 407+] 


Oftwoevils 
the lesser 
was chosen 


[%. 403-] 


[1608] 


The Phenix 
from Cape 
nry, 
Yorced to 
the west 
Indies. 


[f. 23.] 


How Clapé). 
Smith got 
his liberty. 


CHAPTER ITI. 


The arrivall of the first supply with their 
proceedings and returne. |16) 


Ll this time, our cares were not so 
much to abandon the Countrie, but the 
Treasurer and Councell in England 
were as diligent and carefull to supplievs. 
Twotall ships they sent vs, with neere 100 
men, well furnished with all things [that] 

</,' could be imagined necessarie, both for 
: them andvs. The one commanded by 

Captaine Newport. Theother, by Captaine Nelson, an honest 

man and an expert marriner: but such was the leeward- 

nesse of his ship, that (though he were within sight of Cape 

Henry) (he], by stormy contrarie windes, was forced so farre 

to sea as the West Indies was the next land [he made], for 

for the repaire of his Masts, andreliefe of wood and water. 
But Captaine Newport got in,and ar[rjived at James towne 

[8 Fan. 1608], not long after the redemption of Captaine 
Smith; towhome the Salvages, every other day, brought such 
plentie of bread, fish, turkies, squirrels, deare, and other 
wild beasts: part they gaue him as presents from the 
king; the rest, hee as their market clarke, set the price 
how they should sell. So he had inchanted those pore 
soules (being their prisoner) in demonstrating vnto them the 
roundnesse of the world, the course of the mooneandstarres, 
the cause of the day and night, the largenes of the seas, the 
quallities of our ships shot and powder, the devision of the 
world, with the diversity of the people, their complexions 
customes and conditions. All which hee fained to be 
vnder the command of Captaine Newport, whom he tearmed 
to them his father; of whose arrival [17] it chanced he 
so directly prophecied, as they esteemed him an oracle. 


jetta | With the first supply in Virginia. 

By these fictions he not only saved his owne life, and 
obtained his liberty; but had them at that command, 
[that] he might command them what his listed. That 
God that created al these things, they knew he adored 
for his God; whom they would also tearme in their dis- 
courses, the God of captaine Smith. 

The President and Councel so much envied his estima- 
tion amongst the Salvages (though wee all in generall 
equally participated with him of the good therof) that 
they wrought it into their vnderstandings, by their great 
bounty in giuing 4. times more for their commodities then 
he appointed, that their greatnesse and authority as much 
exceed [ed] his, as their bounty and liberality. 

Now the arrivall of [t]his first supply so overioyed vs, 
that we could not devise too much to please the mariners. 
We gaue them liberty to track [truck] or trade at their 
pleasures. But in a short time, it followed [that] that could 
not be had for a pound of copper, which before was sold for 
anounce. Thus ambition and sufferance cut the throat of 
our trade, but confirmed their opinion of Newports greatnes; 
wherewith Smith had possessed Powhatan: especially by 
the great presents Newport often sent him, before he could 
prepare the Pinas to go and visit him. So that this 
Salvage also desired to see him. 


A great bruit there was to set him forwarde [Feb. 1608]. 
When he went, he was accompanied with captaine Smith 
and Maister Scrivener (a very wise vnderstanding gentleman 
newly arrived, and admitted of the Councell), and 30. or 4o. 
chosen men for that guarde. 

Arriving at Werowocomo{co], Newports conceipt of this 
great Salvage bred [18] many doubts and suspitions of trea- 
cheries. Which Smith, to make appeare was needlesse, with 
20. men well appointed, vndertooke to encounter (with that 
number) the worst that could happen. Thelijre names were 


Nathaniell Powell. Iohn Taverner. 
Robert Beheathiand. William Dier. 
William Phettiplace. Thomas Coe. 
Richard Wyffin. Thomas Hope. 
Anthony Gosnoll. ; Anas Todkell. 


with 10. others whose names I [evidently Todkill] haue 
forgotten. 


Iol 


[1608] 


Their 
opinion of 
our God 


[A 404] 


[s. 23.) 


Smiths 
revisiting 
Powhatan. 
LA. 24.] 


(2. 409-1 


102 


[1608] 


(pf. 26}, 


(A. 27-] 
The 


exchange of 
a Christian 


Lp. 406.] 


[P. 27] 


Powhatans 
speech. 


The proceedings and accidents [* aie 

? June 1608. 

These being kindly receiued a shore; with 2. or 300. Sal- 
vages were conducted to their towne. Powhatan strained 


- himselfe to the vttermost of his greatnes, to entertain vs, 
‘ with great shouts of Ioy, orations of protestations, and 


the most plenty of victuall hee could prouide to feast vs. 
Sitting vpon his bed of mats, his pillow of leather 
imbroydred (after their rude manner) with pearle and white 
beades, his attire a faire Robe of skins as large as an Irish 
mantle, at his head and [at his] feet a handsome young 
woman: on each side [of] his house sate 20. of his concu- 
bines, their heads and shoulders painted red, with a great 
chaine of white beads about their necks; before those, sate 
his chiefest men, in like order, in his arbor-like house. 
With many pretty discourses to renue their olde 
acquaintaunce; the great kinge and our captaine spent the 
time till the ebbe left our Barge a [19] ground: then renuing 
theirfeasts and mirth, we quartred that night with Powhatan: 


The next day Newport came ashore, and receiued as 
much content as those people could giue him. A boy 
named Thomas Savage was then giuen vnto Powhatan, 
who{m] Newport called his son: for whom Powhatan 
gaue him Namontacke his trusty servant, and one of a 
shrewd subtill capacity. 


3. or 4. daies were spent in feasting, dancing, and 
trading; wherin Powhatan carried himselfe so prowdly, 
yet discreetly (in his Salvage manner), as made vs all 
admire his natural gifts, considering his education. 

As scorning to trade as his subiects did, he bespake 
Newport in this manner. 

Captain Newport it is not agreable with my greatnes 
in this pedling manner to trade for trifles; and I 
esteeme you a great werowans. Therefore lay me 
down all your commodities togither, what I like I 
will take ; and in recompence giue you that I thinke 
fitting their value. 

Captaine Smith being our interpreter, regarding Newport 
as his father, knowing best the disposition of Powhatan, 
told vs his intent was but to cheat vs; yet captaine 
Newport thought to out-braue this Salvage in ostentation of 
greatnes, and so to bewitch him with his bounty, as to haue 


SOPRA ee 


4 Todt. | with the first supply in Virginia. 
une 1608. 

what he listed: but so it chanced, Powhatan having his 
desire, valued his corne at such a rate, as I [? A. Todkill] 
thinke it [were] better cheape in Sfaine; for we had not 
4. bushels for that we expected 20. hogsheads [for]. 

This bred some vnkindnes betweene our two captaines, 
Newport seeking to please the humor of the vnsatiable 
Salvage, Smith to cause the Salvage to please him: but 
smothering his distast[e] to avoide the [20] Salvages 
suspition, [he] glaunced in the eies of Powhatan many 
Trifles; who fixed his humour vpon a few blew beads. A 
long time he importunat[e]ly desired them, but Smith seemed 
so much the more to affect them: so that ere we departed, 
for a pound or two of blew beads, he brought over my 
king for 2 or 300 bushels of corne; yet parted good friends. 

The like entertainement we found of Opechanchynough, 
king of Pamaunke; whom also he in like manner fitted 
(at the like rates) with blew beads: and so we returned to 
the fort [on 9 March 1608}. 


Where this New Supply being lodged with the rest, 
{had} accidently fired the quarters, and so the Towne [about 
14 Fan. 1608] ; which being but thatched with reeds, the fire 
was so fierce as it burnt their pallizadoes (though Io. to 
12 yardes distant), with their armes, bedding, apparell, and 
much private provision. Good Maister Hunt our preacher, 
lost all his library, and al that he had but the cloathes 
on his backe, yet [did] none ever see him repine at his 
losse. This hapned in the winter, in that extreame frost 
1607[-8]. 

Now though we had victuall sufficient, I meane only of 
Oatmeale, meale, and corne: yet the ship staying there 
14. weeks (when shee might as well haue been gone in 14. 
daies), spent the beefe, porke, oile, aquavite, fish, butter 
and cheese, beere, and such like, as was provided to be 
landed [for] vs. 

When they departed, what their discretion could spare 
vs, to make a feast or two with bisket, pork, beefe, fish, and 
oile, to relish our mouths; of each somewhat they left vs: 
yet I [? A. Todkill] must confess those that had either mony, 
spare clothes, credit to giue bils of payment, gold rings, 
furres, or any such commodities, were ever welcome to this 


103 


[1608} 


Difference 
of opinions. 


[2 28.) 


(A. 3t-] 


lames 
towne 
burnt. 


[A. 407-] 


[4A. 90, 93, 
103, 386, 389, 
402, 407.] 


A ship idly 
loitring 14 
weeks. 


104 
{1608} 


The proceedings and accidents T Stadley, 


? June 1608. 


removing taverne. Such was [21] our patience to obay such 
vile commanders [i-e., the President Ratcliffe and the majority 
of the Council], and buy our owne provision at 15 times the 
valew; suffering them [to] feast, we bearing the charge ; 
yet must [we] not repine, but fast ; andthen leakage, ship-rats 
and other casualties occasioned the losse. But the vessell 
and remnants (for totals), we were glad to receiue with all 
our hearts to make vp the account, highly commending 
their providence for preserving that. 

For all this plentie, our ordinarie was but meale and water; 
so that this great charge little relieved our wants: whereby, 
with the extreamity of the bitter cold aire, more then halfe 
of vs died, and [or] tooke ourdeathes, in that piercing winter. 

I cannot deny but both S&rivener and Smith did their 
best to amend what was amisse: but with the President 
went the major part [the majority of the Council], that their 
hornes were too short. 

But the worst mischiefe was our gilded refiners, with 
their golden promises, made all men their slaues in hope 
of recompence. There was no talke, no hope, nor worke, 
but dig gold, wash gold, refine gold, load gold. Such a 
brulijte of gold, as one mad fellow [@ wag] desired to bee 
buried in the sandes, least they should by their art make 
gold of his bones. Little need there was and lesse reason, 
the ship should stay, their wages run on, our victuall 
consume I4 weekes, that the Marriners might say, they 
built such a golden Church, that we can say, the raine 
washed neare to nothing in r4 daies. 

Were it that Captaine Switth would not applaud all 
those golden inventions, because they admitted him not 
to the sight of their trials, nor golden consultations I knowe 
not: but I [? Anas Todkill, see p. 107] heard him question 
with Captaine Martin and tell him, except he would shew 
[22] him a more substantiall triall, hee was not inamored 
with their durtie skill. Breathing out these and many 
other passions, never any thing did more torment him, 
than to see all necessarie businesse neglected, to fraught 
such a drunken ship with so much gilded durt. 

Till then wee never accounted Captaine Newport a 
refiner. Who being fit to set saile for England, and wee 


not having any vse of Parliaments, plaies, petitions, 


aera with the first supply in Virginia. 

? June 1608. 

admirals, recorders, interpreters, chronologers, courts of 
plea, nor Iustices of peace, sent Maister Wingfield, and 
Captaine Archer with him, for England, to seeke some 
place of better imploiment. 


¥ 


CHAPTER IV. 


The ar{r eval of the Phanix, her returne, 


and other accidents. 


we HE authoritie nowe consisting in refining 
Captaine Martin and the still sickly President : 
the sale of stores [and] commodities maintained 
% their estates as inheritable revenews. 

The spring approching, and the ship departed, Maister 
Skriueney and Captaine Smuth divided betwixt them, the 3 
rebuilding our towne, the repairing our pallisadoes, the 
cutting downe trees, preparing our fields, planting ourcorne, 
and to rebuild our Church, and re-cover our store-house. 

Al menthus busie at their severalllabours, Maister Nelson 
arived [on 20 April 1608] with his lost Phoenix, (lost I say, 
for that al men deemed him lost), landing safely his men. 

So well hee had mannaged his ill hap, causing the Indian 
Iles to feed his company, [28] that his victuall ([added] 
to that was left vs before) was sufficient for halfe a yeare. 
He had nothing but he freely imparted it; which honest 
dealing (being a marriner) caused vs [to] admire him. 
Wee would not haue wished so much as he did for vs. 

Nowe to relade this ship with some good tidings, the 
President (yet not withstanding [st not standing] with his 
dignitie to leaue the fort), gaue order to Captaine Smith 
and Maister Skriuener, to discover and search the com- 
modities of Monacans countrie beyound the Falles. 60 able 
men was allotted their number, the which, within 6 daies 
exercise, Smith had so well trained to their armes and 


105 


[1608] 


A veturne 
to England. 


The 
repairing 
lames 


(p33) 34] 


[P. 34-] 


60 ap- 
pointed 
to discover 
Monacan. 


106 
[1608] 


[#. 4x0.] 


Powhatans 
tricherie. 


The 
gouernors 
weaknesse. 


[ #4. 35-39-] 


Smiths 
attempt to 
suppresse 
the Salvage 
insolencies. 


Powhatans 
excuses. 


The proceedings and accidents [ Atos 

? June 1608. 

orders, that they little feared with whome they should 

encounter. Yet so vnseasonable was the time, and so 

opposite was Captain Martin to every thing but only 

to fraught to [t]his ship also with his phantasticall gold, 

as Captaine Smith rather desired to relade her with 

Cedar, which was a present dispatch, than either with 
durt, or the reports of an vncertaine discoverie. 


Whilst their conclusion was resolving, this hapned. 

Powhatan to expresse his loue to Newport, when he 
departed, presented him with 20 Turkies, conditionally to 
returne him 20 Swords: which immediately were sent him. 

Now after his departure, hee presented Captaine Smith 
with the like luggage ; but not finding his humour obaied, 
in sending him weapons, he caused his people with 20. 
devises to obtain them. At last, by ambuscadoes at our 
very ports, they would take them per force, surprise vs at 
work or any way: which was so long permitted that they 
became so insolent, there was no rule. The command 
from England was so straight not (24] to offend them, as 
our authority bearers (keeping their houses) would rather 
be any thing then peace breakers. 

This charitable humor prevailed, till well it chaunced 
they medled with captaine Smith: who, without farther 
deliberation, gaue them such an incounter, as some he so 
hunted vp and downe the Ile, some he so terrified with 
whipping beating and imprisonment ; as for revenge, they 
surprised two of his forraging disorderly souldiers, and 
having assembled their forces, boldly threatned at our 
ports to force Smith to redeliver 7 Salvages which for 
their villanies he detained prisoners. But to try their 
furies, in lesse then halfe an houre, he so hampered their 
insolencies, that they brought the 2. prisoners, desiring 
peace without any farther composition for their prisoners : 
who being threatned and examined their intents, and 
[the] plotters of their villanies, confessed they were 
directed only by Powhatan, to obtaine [for] him, our owne 
weapons, to cut our own throats; with the manner how, 
where, and when, which wee plainely found most rue 
and apparant. 

Yet he sent [May 1608] his messengers and his dearest 


Vea 


ated | with the first supply in Virginia. 107 
une 1608 

Daughter Pocahuntas to excuse him of the iniuries done by _ [1608] 
his subiects; desiring their liberties, with the assuraunce .¢.38.] 

of his loue. 

After Smith had giuen the prisoners what correction 
hee thought fit; [he] vsed them well a day or two after, and (430. 
then deliuered them [to] Pocahuntas: for whose sake only, 
he fained to saue their liues and graunt them liberty. 

The patient Councel, that nothing would moue to warre 
with the Salvages, would gladly haue wrangled with 
captaine Smith for his cruelty; yet none was slaine to [¢. ar] 
any mans knowledge: but it brought them in such feare 
and [25] obedience, as his very name would sufficiently 
affright them. 

The fraught of this ship being concluded to be Cedar; 4 si 
by the diligence of the Master, and captaine Smith, Her {i 
shee was quickly reladed: Maister Scrivener was neither 
Idle nor slow, to follow all things at the fort. 

The ship falling to the Cedar Ile, captaine Martin 
having made shift to be sicke neare a yeare; and [there 
being] now neither pepper, suger, cloues, mace, nor 
nugmets [nutmegs}, ginger, nor sweet meates in the 
country: (to enioy the credit of his supposed art) at his 
earnest request, (he] was most willingly admitted to returne 
for England. 

Yet having beene there but a yeare, and not past halfea 
year since the ague left him; that he might say some- 
what he had seene, hee went twice by water to Paspahegh 
[p. 11], a place neere 7. miles from James towne: but lest the 7% 
dew should distemper him, was ever forced to returne before ecient 
night. Thus much I [evidently Anas Todkill} thought fit “7**. 
to expresse; he expresly commanding me to record his 
iournies: I being his man, and he sometimes my master 


Thomas Studly, Anas Todkill, 


Their names that were landed in 
this supply: 
Matthew Scriviner, appointed to be of the Councell. 


Michaell Phetyplace. Ralfe Morton. 
William Phetyplace. Gent. | ithiam Canivitt, + Gent 


108 


[1608] 


(s. 41a.) 


The proceedings and accidents, 


Richard Wyffin. 
Robert Barnes. 
George Hill. (26) 
George Pretty. 
Iohn Taverner. 
Robert Cutler. 
Michaell Sickelmore. 
Thomas Coo. 

Peter Pory. 
Richard Killingbeck. 
William Causey. 
Doctor Russell. 
Richard Worley. 
Richard Prodger. 
William Bayley. 
Richard Molynex. 
Richard Pots. 
Tefry A bots. 

Iohn Harper. 
Timothy Leds. 
Edward Gurganay. 
George Forest. 
Iohn Nickoles. 
William Gryvill. 


Gent. 


Daniel Stalling, Iueller. ~ 
William Dawson, Refiner. 
Abraham Ransacke, Refiner. 
William Iohnson, Goldsmith. 
Peter Keffer, a Gunner. 
Robert Alberton, a Perfumer. 
Richard Belfield, Goldsmith. 
(27) 
Ramon Goodyson. 
Iohn Speareman. 
William Spence. 
Richard Brislow. 
William Simons. 


Labourers. 


A. Todkill. 


T. Studley. 
[ ? June 1608. 


Iohn Bouth. 
William Burket. 
Nicholas Ven. 
William Perce. 
Francis Perkins. 
Francis Perkins. 
William Bentley. 
Richard Gradon. 
Rowland Nelstrop. 
Richard Salvage. 
Thomas Salvage. 
Richard Miler. 
William May. 
Vere. 

Michaell. 


Labourers. 


Bishop Wyles. 
| 


| Tohn Powell. 


| Thomas Hope. 
| William Beckwith. 
William Yonge. 


Tailers. 


Lawrence Towtales. 


William Ward. 


Christopher Rodes. 
Iames Watkings. 
Richard Fetherstone. 
Iames Burne. [28] 


Thomas Feld. : 
Tohn Harfor ‘4 Apothecaries. 
Post Gitinat, a C[hir]urgion. 
Iohn Lewes, a Couper. 
Robert Cotten, a Tobaco-pipe- 
maker. 
Richard Dole, 
Smith 
and divers others, to the 
number of 120. 


a blacke 


2 5, eS 


At rey 
\ 


3° 


CHAPTER V. 


The accidents that happened in the Discoverte 
of the bay. 


y He prodigality of the Presidents state [1608] 
‘ty went so deepe in the store, that Smith 
and Scrivener had a while tyed both 
Martin and him to the rules of pro- 
portion: but now Smi-h being to depart, 
the Presidents authorite so overswayed 
Master Scriveners discretion, as ourstore, 
our time, our strength and labours, was 
idlely consumed to fulfill his phantasies. 

The second of Iune 1608. Smith left the fort, to 
performe his discoverie; with this company. 


Walter Russell Doctour of Physicke. [A 413.) 
Anas Todkill. 
pan Marion. Robert Small. 


Thomas Momford. Ties Vain. Sould. 


William Cantril. 
: Gent. | John Powell. 
Richard Feiherstone. ( 199)" | Tames Read, blacke smith. 
el Si hlenove Richard Keale, fishmonger. 
d Tonas Profit, fisher. 
These being in an open barge of two tunnes burden. 


Leaving the Phenix at Cape-Henry, we crossed the bay to 
the Easterne shore, and fell with the Iles called Smiths Iles. 

The first people we saw were 2. grimme and stout Cape 
Salvages vpon Cape-Charles, with long poles like Iavelings, °°" 
headed with bone. They boldly demanded what we were, | 
and what we would; but after many circumstances, they 1n macke. 
time seemed very kinde, and directed vs to Acawmacke, the 
habitation of the Werowans, where we were kindly intreated. 


{Ito 


[1608] 


A strange 
mortalitie © 
Saluages. 


Ls. 414] 


Russels Iles. 


Wigkcoce- 
INOCO. 


A extreame 
wast of 
fresh water. 


The barge 
meere 
i a ewst, 


The proceedings and accidents [Pr Todi, 


This king was the com{(e]liest proper civill Salvage wee 
incountred. His country is a pleasant fertill clay-soile. Hee 
tolde vs of a straunge accident lately happened [to] him, 
and it was. Two deade children, by the extreame passions 
of their parents, or some dreaming visions, phantasie, or 
affection [which] moued them againe to revisit their dead 
carkases : whose benummed bodies reflected to the eies of the 
beholders such pleasant delightfull countenances, as though 
they had regained their vital spirits. This, as a miracle, 
drew many to behold them: all which, (being a great part of 
his people) not long after died, and not any one escaped. 

They spake the language of Powhatan wherein they 
made such descriptions of the bay, Iles, and rivers that 
often did vs exceeding pleasure. 


Passing (80) along the coast, searching every inlet and 
bay fit for harbours and habitations: [and] seeing many Iles 
in the midst of the bay, we bore vp for them ; but ere wee 
could attaine them, such an extreame gust of wind, raine, 
thunder, and lightning happened, that with great daunger, 
we escaped the vnmercifull raging of that ocean-like water. 

The next day, searching those inhabitable Iles (which 
we called Russels Isles) to provide fresh water: the defect 
whereof forced vs to follow the next Easterne channell, 
which brought vs to the river Wrghcocomoco. 

The people at first with great furie seemed to assault 
vs; yet at last with songs, daunces, and much mirth. 
But searching their habitations for water, wee could fill 
but 3 [? darricoes], and that such puddle that never til then 
wee ever knew the want of good water. We digged and 
search many places but ere the end of two daies, wee 
would haue refused two barricoes of gold for one of that 
puddle water of Wighcocomoco. 

Being past these Isles, falling with a high land vpon 
the maine, wee found a great pond of fresh water; but so 
exceeding hot, that we supposed it some bath. That 
place we called Point ployer. 

Being thus refreshed, in crossing over from the maine 
to other Iles, the wind and waters so much increased with 
thunder lightning and raine, that our fore-mast blew over- 
bord; and such mightie waues overwrought vs in that 


. - 
eo 


ee ae 


seen cea with the first supply in Virginia. 


smal barge, that with great labour wee kept her from 
sinking, by freeing out the water. 

2 daies we were inforced to inhabit these vninhabited 
Iles ; which (for the extremitie of gusts, thunder, raine, 
stormes, and il weather) we called Limbo. 

Repairing our fore saile with [31] our shirts, we set saile 
for the maine; and fel with a faire river on the East called 
Kuskaranaocke. By it inhabit the people of Soraphanigh, 
Nause, Arsek, and Nautaquake, that much extolled a great 
nation called Massawomekes: in search of whome, wee 
returned by Limbo. 

But finding this easterne shore shallow broken Iles, and 
the maine for [the] most part without fresh water; we 
passed by the straights of Limbo, for the weasterne shore. 
So broad is the bay here, that we could scarse perceiue 
the great high Cliffes on the other side. 

By them, wee anc(hjored that night, and called them 
Richards Cliffes. 30 leagues we sailed more Northwards, 
not finding any inhabitants; yet the coast well watred, 
the mountaines very barren, the vallies very fertil, but the 
woods extreame thicke, full of Woolues, Beares, Deare, 
and other wild beasts. 

The first inlet we found, wee called Bolus, for that the 
clay (in many places) was like (if not) Bole-Armoniacke. 


When we first set saile, some of our gallants doubted 
nothing, but that our Captaine would make too much hast 
home. But hauing lien not aboue 12 daies in this smal 
Barge, oft tired at their oares, their bread spoiled with 
wet, so much that it was rotten (yet so good were their 
stomacks that they could digest it), did with continuall 
complaints so importune him now to returne, as caused 
him bespeake them in this manner [on 13 Fune 1608]. 

Gentlemen, if you would remember the memorable 

. historie of Sir Ralfe Lane, how his company importuned 
him to proceed in the discoverie of Morattico, alleaging, 
they had yet a dog, that being boyled with Saxafras 
leaues, would richly feed them in their returnes ; what 
shame would it be for you [82] (that haue beene so 
suspitious of my tendernesse) to force me [to] returne 
with a months prouision, scarce able to say where we 


Ill 


[1608} 


The first 
notice of the 
Massawo- 
mekes. 


(A. 426.) 


Bolus river. 


Smiths 
speech to his 
souldiers. 


[22.314, 416.) 


I1l2 


(1608) 


(. 417.) 


The dis- 
covery of 
Patawo- 
meck. 


Ambus- 
cadoes of 
Salvages. 


A treache- 


The proceedings and accidents [Ore ea 
haue bin, nor yet heard of that wee were sent to seeke. 
You cannot say but I haue shared with you of the 
worst [that] is past; and for what is to come, of 
lodging, diet, or whatsoever, I am contented you 
allot the worst part to my selfe. As for your feares, 
that I will lose my selfe in these vnknowne large 
waters, or be swallowed vp in some stormie gust: 
abandon those childish feares, for worse then is past 
cannot happen, and there is as much danger to 
returne, as to proceed forward. Regaine therefore 
your old spirits: for returne I wil not, (if God 
assist me) til I haue seene the Massawomekes, found 
Patawomeck, or the head of this great water you conceit 
to be endlesse. 


3 or 4 daies we expected [? experienced] wind and weather, 
whose adverse extreamities added such discouragements 
to our discontents as 3 or 4 fel extreame sicke; whose 
pitiful complaints caused vs to returne, leauing the bay 
some Io miles broad at g or 10 fadome water. 

The 16 of Iune, we fel with the riuer of Patawomeck. 
Feare being gon[e], and our men recovered, wee were all 
contented to take some paines to knowe the name of this 
g mile broad river. Wecould see no inhabitants for 30 
myles saile. Then we were conducted by 2 Salvages vp a 
little bayed creeke toward Onawmament: where all the 
woods were laid with Ambuscadoes to the number of 3 or 
400 Salvages; but so strangely painted, grimed, and dis- 
guised, showting, yelling, and crying, as we rather sup- 
posed them so many divels. 

They made many bravadoes, but to appease [33] their 
furie, our Captaine prepared (with a seeming willingnesse, 
as they) to encounter them. The grazing of the bullets 
vpon the river, with the ecc[h]o of the woods so amazed 
them, as down went their bowes and arrowes; and 
exchanging hostage[s] James Watkins was sent 6. myles 
vp the woods, to their kings habitation. Wee were kindly 
vsed by these Salvages: of whom we vnderstood, they 
were commaunded to betray vs, by Powhatans direction ; 
and hee so directed, from the discontents [discontented] of 


reus preiect. To mes towne. 


4) 


hoa 


cee 


sonar aL er tTin with the first supply in Virginia. 


The like incounters we found at Patawomeck, Cecocawone, 
and divers other places; but at Moyaones, Nacothtant, and 
Taux, the people did their best to content vs. 

The cause of this discovery was to search a glistering 
mettal, the Salvages told vs they had from Patawomeck 
(the which Newport assured that he had tryed to hold 
halfe siluer), also to search what furres, metals, riuers, 
Rockes, nations, woods, fishings, fruits, victuals, and other 
commodities the land afforded; and whether the bay were 
endlesse, or how farre it extended. 

The mine we found g or ro myles vp in the country from 
the river; but it proved of no value, Some Otters, 
Beavers, Martins, Luswarts, and sables we found: and, 
in diverse places, that abundance of fish lying so thicke 
with their heads aboue the water, as for want of nets (our 
barge driving amongst them) we attempted to catch them 
with a frying pan; but we found it a bad instrument to 
catch fish with. Neither better fish, more plenty or 
variety, had any of vs ever seene in any place, swimming 
in the water, then in the bay of Chesapeack : but there not 
to be caught with frying-pans. 

To expresse al our [84] quarrels, treacheries and in- 
counters amongst those Salvages, I should be too tedious: 
but in briefe, at al times we so incountred them and 
curbed their insolencies, as they concluded with presents 
to purchase peace; yet wee lost nota man. At our first 
meeting, our captaine ever observed this order, to de- 
maunde their bowes and arrowes, swords, mantles, or 
furres ; with some childe for hostage: whereby he could 
quickly perceiue when they intended any villany. 


Having finished this discovery, (though our victuall was 
neare spent) he intended to haue seene his imprisonments 
acqaintance vpon the river of Toppahannock [pp. 18, 19, 119]. 
But our boate (by reason of the ebbe) chansing to ground 
vpon a many shoules lying in the entrance, we spied many 
fishes lurking amongst the weedes on the sands. Our 
captaine sporting himselfe to catch them by nailing them 
to the ground with his sword, set vs all a fishing in that 
manner. By this devise, we tooke more in an houre then 
we all could eat. 3 


114 
[1608] 


Antimony 


An abun- 
dant plentis 
of fish. 


(A. 419.) 


How to 
deale 
with the 
Salvages. 


114 
(1608) 


The proceedings and accidents siren 


But it chanced, the captaine taking a fish from his 


A Stxgrey sword (not knowing her condition), being much of the 


darefull. 


A weedlesse 


fashion of a Thornebacke with a longer taile whereon is a 
most poysoned sting of 2. or 3. inches long, which shee 
strooke an inch and [a] halfe into the wrist of his arme. 
The which, in 4. houres, had so extreamly swolne his hand, 
arme, shoulder, and part of his body, as we al with much 
sorrow concluded [enicifaied] his funerall, and prepared 
his graue in an Ile hard by (as himselfe appointed) ; which 
then wee called Stingeray Ile, after the name of the fish. 
Yet by the helpe of a precious oile, Doctour Russel 
applyed, ere night his tormenting paine was so wel 
asswaged that he eate the fish to his supper: which [85] 
gaue no lesse ioy and content to vs, then ease to himselfe. 

Having neither Surgeon norsurgerie but that preservatiue 
oile, we presently set saile for lames Towne. 

Passing the mouth of Pyankatanck and Pamavnke riuers, 
the next day we safely arrived at Kecoughian. 

The simple Salvages seeing our captaine hurt, and 
another bloudy (which came by breaking his shin), [and] our 
number of bowes, arrowes, swords, targets, mantles and 
furs, would needs imagine we had bin at warres. The 
truth of these accidents would not satisfie them ; but im- 
paciently they importuned vs to know with whom wee 
fought. Finding their aptnes to beleeue, we failed not 
(as a great secret) to tel them any thing that might affright 
them, what spoile wee had got and made of the Masawo- 
meekes. This rumor went faster vp the river then our 
barge: That arrived at Weraskoyack, the 20 of Iulie; 
where trimming her, with painted streamers and such 
devises, we made the Fort iealious of a Spanish frigot ; 
where we all safely arrived the 21. of Tuly. 


There wee found the Last Supply al sicke; the rest, 
some lame, some bruised: al vnable to do any thing but 
complain of the pride and vnreasonable needlesse cruelty of 
their sillie President [Raieliffe] that had riotously consumed 
the store ; and to fulfill his follies, about building him an 
vnnecessarie pallas in the woodes, [which] had brought 
them all to that miserie, that had not we arrived, they 
had as strangely tormented him with revenge. 


Pe edie with the first supply in Virginia. 


But the good newes of our discovery, and the good hope 
_ we had (by the Salvages relation) our Bay had stretched 
to the South sea, appeased their fury; but conditionally 
that Rat{cjliffe should be deposed, and that captaine Smith 
would take [86] vpon him the governement. 

Their request being effected [? 23 Fuly], hee substituted 
Muaister Scrivener, his deare friend, in the Presidencie ; 
equally distributing those private provisions the other{s] 
had ingrossed; appointing more honest officers to assist 
Scrivener (who they lay extreamelie tormented with a 
callenture): and in regard of the weaknes of the company, 
and heat of the yeare, they being vnable to werke, he left 
them to liue at ease; but imbarked himselfe to finish his 
discovery. 


Written by Walter Russell and Anas Todkill. 


a: = x ; ne AG 
i Ge.’ ‘ ) Dy (EEL. \ Mie OD S 


A way 


Ping y" fn ba 
1 fe 4 i " ~ AG is 
we Swe LF 
4 rs p= PPDAADAIREARREEES 
é ee 
®, 


115 
[1608] 


The 
company 
left to lius 
at ease. 


CH Asse eee 


What happened the second voyage to 
adiscouer the Bay. 


[1608] HE 20. [or rather 24, see p. 421} of Luly, 
Captaine Smith set forward to finish the 
aes discovery, with 12. men. Their names 
were 
Nathaniell Powell. 
Thomas Momford. 
Richard Fetherstone. } Gent. 
Michaell Sicklemore. 
Iames Bourne. 
Anas Todkill. . 
ndaied Puss ai Tames Watkins, Sould. 
Richard Keale. se William Ward. 
Anthony Bagnall. Ionas Profit. 

The winde beeing contrary, caused our stay 2 or 3 [87] 
daies at Kecoughtan; the werowans feasting vs with much 
mirth. His people were perswaded we went purposely to be 
reuenged of the Massawomeckes. In the evening, we firing 

ee BROS rackets, so terrified the poore Salvages, they sup- 


eat posed nothing impossible wee attempted, and desired to 
jireworkes. assist vs. 
The first night, we anchored at Stingeray Ile; the next day, 
crossed Patawomecks riuer, and hasted for the riuer Bolus. 
Wee went not much farther, before wee might perceiue 
pede? the Bay to devide in 2. heads; and arriving there, we 
founde it devided in 4; all which we searched so far as we 
could saile them. 
2. of them wee found vninhabited, but in crossing the 


a 


ee Ae ee 


ett With the first supply in Virgmia. 


bay to the other, wee incountered 7. or 8. Canowes-full of 
Massawomecks. 

We seeing them prepare to assault vs, left our oares, 
and made way with our saile to incounter them; yet were 
we but fiue (with our captaine) [that] could stand: [flor 
within 2. daies after wee left Kecoughtan, the rest (being all 
of the Last Supply) were sicke almost to death (vntill they 
were seasoned to the country). Hauing shut them vnder 
our tarpawling, we put their hats vpon stickes by the 
barge side, to make vs seeme many. And so we thinke 
the Indians supposed those hats to be men: for they fled 
with all possible speed to the shoare, and there stayed, 
staring at the sailing of our barge, till we anchored right 
against them. 

Long it was ere we could drawe them to come vnto vs. 
At last, they sent 2 of their company vnarmed in a 
Canowe: the rest all followed to second them, if need 
required. These 2 being but each presented with a bell, 
brought aborde all their fellowes ; presenting the captain 
with venison, beares flesh, fish, bowes, arrows, [88] clubs, 
targets, and beare-skins. 

Wee vnderstood them nothing at all but by signes, 
whereby they signified vnto vs they had been at warres 
with the Tockwoghs, the which they confirmed by shewing 
their green wounds. 

But the night parting vs, we imagined they appointed the 
next morning to meete; but after that we never saw them. 

Entring the River of Tockwogh, the Saluages all armed 
in a fleete of Boates round invironed vs. It chanced one 
of them could speake the language of Powhatan, who per- 
swaded the rest to a friendly parly. But when they see 
vs furnished with the Massawomeckes weapons, and we 
faining the inuention of Kecoughtan to haue taken them 
perforce ; they conducted vs to their pallizadoed towne, 
mantelled with the barkes of trees, with Scaffolds like 
mounts, brested about with Barks very formally. Their 
men, women, and children, with dances, songs, fruits, fish, 
furres, and what they had, kindly entertained vs, spread- 
ing mats for vs to sit on, [and] stretching their best 
abilities to expresse their loues. 

Many hatchets, kniues, and peeces of yron and brasse, 


117 
[1608] 


An 
tncounter 
with the 
Massawo- 
mecks. 


{Four of 
these five 
First 
Planters 
were N. 
Powell, A. 
Todkill, E. 
Pysing, and 


[p- 422.) 


An 
incounter 
with the 
Tockwoghs. 


118 
[1608] 


Hatchets 


Sasquesa- 
hanock(s). 


[ A. 423] 


The Sasque- 

sahanocks 

offer to the 
ng lish. 


The proceedings and accidents A Tod 


we saw; which they reported to haue from the Sasquesa- 
hanockes, a mighty people, and mortall enimies with the 
Massawomeckes. ; 

The Sasquesahanocks inhabit vpon the chiefe spring of 
these 4.; two daies journey higher then our Barge could 
passe for rocks. Yet we prevailed with the interpreter to 
take with him an other interpreter to perswade the 
Sasquesahanocks to come to visit vs: for their language(s] 
are different. 

3. or 4. daies we expected their returne. Then 60. of 
these giantlike-people came downe, with presents of 
venison, Tobacco [89] pipes, Baskets, Targets, Bowes 
and Arrows. 5 of their Werowances came boldly abord vs, 
to crosse the bay for Tockwogh; leaving their men and 
Canowes; the winde being so violent that they durst not 

asse. 

3 Our order was, dayly, to haue prayer, with a psalm: at _ 
which solemnitie the poore Salvages much wondered. 
Our prayers being done, they were long busied with 
consultation till they had contrived their businesse. Then 
they began in most passionate manner, to hold vp their 
hands to the sunne, with a most feareful song. Then 
imbracing the Captaine, they began to adore him in like 
manner: though he rebuked them, yet they proceeded til 
their song was finished. Which donfe], with a most 
strange furious action, and a hellish voice, [one] began an 
oration of their loues. 

That ended, with a great painted beares skin, they 
couered our Captaine. Then one ready with a chaine of 
white beads (waighing at least 6 or 7 pound) hung it about 
his necke: the others had 18 mantles made of divers sorts 
of skinnes sowed together. All these, with many other 
toyes, they laid at his feet; stroking their ceremonious 
handes about his necke, for his creation to be their 
governour ; promising their aids, victuals, or what they 
had, to be his, if he would stay with them, to defend and 
revenge them of the Massawomecks. 

But wee left them at Tockwogh, they much sorrowing 
for our departure: yet wee promised the next yeare againe 
to visit them. 


Many descriptions and discourses they made vs of 


en 


ah 


Nessie with the first supply in Virginia. 


Atquanahucke, Massawomecke, and other people; signifying 
they inhabit the river of Cannida, and from the French to 
haue their hatchets and such like tooles by trade. [40] 
These knowe no more of the territories of Powhatan then 
his name, and he as little of them. 

Thus hauing sought all the inlets and rivers worth 
noting, we returned to discover the river of Pawtuxunt. 
These people we found very tractable, and more civill 
then any. Wee promised them, as also the Patawomecks, 
the next yeare to revenge them of the Massawomecks. 

Our purposes were crossed in the discoverie of the river 
of Toppahannock, for wee had much wrangling with that 
peevish nation ; but at last, they became as tractable as 
the rest. It is an excellent, pleasant, well inhabited, 
fertill, and a goodly navigable river. 

Toward the head thereof, it pleased God to take one of 
our sicke (called Maister Fetherstone), where in Fetherstons 
bay, we buried him, in the night, with a volly of shot. 
The rest (notwithstanding their ill diet, and bad lodging, 
crowded in so small a barge, in so many dangers, neuer 
resting but alwaies tossed to[o] and againe) al well 
recovered their healthes. 

Then we discovered the riuer of Payankatank, and set 
saile for James Towne. But in crossing the bay in a faire 
calme, such a suddaine gust surprised vs in the night, with 
thunder and raine, as wee were halfe imployed in freeing 
out water, never thinking to escape drowning; yet running 
before the winde, at last we made land by the flashes of 
fire from heaven: by which light only, we kept from the 
splitting shore, vntil it pleased God in that black darknes, 
to preserue vs by that light to find Point comfort. 

And [we] arived safe at James Towne, the 7 of September, 
1608: where wee found Maister Skriuener and diverse 
others well recouered, many dead, some sicke; [and] the 
late President [a] prisoner for [41] muteny. By the 
honest diligence of Maister Skriuener, the harvest (had 
been] gathered; but the stores [and] provision [were] 
much spoiled with raine. 

Thus was that yeare (when nothing wanted) consumed 
and spent, and nothing done (such was the government of 
Captain Rat[clliffe) but only this discoverie: wherein to 


119 
[1608] 


Cannida. 


Pawtuxunt 
ie 


(A. 424.] 


Toppaha- 
nock R. 


[A.219, 419, 
426.) 


[. 426.] 


Fetherstone 
buried. 


Payanka- 
tanke 
discovered. 


(2. 430-] 


Their 
proceedings 
at lames 
Towne. 


120 Lhe proceedings and accidents in Virginia. [¥N-Rewelt 


1608] expresse all the dangers, accidents, and incounters, this 

(44331 small number passed in that small barge, with such 
watrie diet in these great waters and barbarous Countries 
(til then to any Christian vtterly vnknowne) I rather 
referre their merit to the censure of the courteous and 
experienced reader, than I would be tedious, or partiall 
being a partie. 


By Nathaniell Pofwiell, and Anas Todbill 


ag 


CHAPTER VII. 


The Presidencie surrendred to Captaine Smith, 
The arrivall and returne of the second 
supply: and what happened. 


> He 10. 0f September 1608. bythe election 
) of the Councel, and request of the com- 
pany, Captaine Smith received theletters 
patents, and tooke vpon him the place 
of President; which till then, by no 
meanes he would accept, though hee 
were often importuned therevnto. 

Now the building of Ratcliffes pallas 
staide, as a thing needlesse: the church was repaired, the 
storehouse, re-couered; [and] building prepared for the 
supply we expected. The fort [was] reduced to the forme 
of this figure, the order of watch renued, the squadrons 
(each setting of the watch) trained. The [42] whole 
company every Satturday exercised in a fielde prepared 
for that purpose; the boates trimmed for trade, which in 
their Iourney encountred the second supply, that brought 
them back to discover the country of Monacan. 

How, or why Captaine Newport obtained such a private 
commission as not to returne without a lumpe of gold, a 
certainty of the south sea, or one of the lost company of 
Sir Walter Rawley, I know not: nor why he brought such 
a5. pieced barge, not to beare vs to that south sea, till 
we had borne her over the mountaines (which how farre 
they extend is yet vnknowne). As for the coronation of 
Powhatan, and his presents of Bason, Ewer, Bed, Clothes, 
and such costly nouelties ; they had bin much better well 


[ A. 433-] 


(1608) 


QVERR. 


[p. 434.] 


522 


[1608] 


Powhatans 
scorne when 
his curtesie 
was most 
deserved 


[A. 435.) 


The proceedings and accidents lw. Fone 


spared, then so ill spent: for we had his favour much 
better onlie for a poore peece of Copper, till this stately 
kinde of soliciting made him so much overvalue himselfe, 
that he respected vs as much as nothing at all. 

As for the hiring of the Poles and Dutch, to make pitch 
and tarre, glasse, milles, and sope-ashes; [that] was most 
necessarie and well. But to send them and seauenty 
more without victuall, to worke, was not so well considered; 
yet this could not haue hurt vs, had they bin 200. ; though 
then we were 130 that wanted for our selves. For we 
had the Salvages in that Decorum, (their haruest beeing 
newly gathered) that we feared not to get victual sufficient, 
had we bin 500. 

Now vvas there no way to make vs miserable but to 


- neglect that time to make our provision, whilst it was to 


be had; the which vvas done to perfourme this strange 
discovery, but more strange coronation. To loose that 
time, spend that [43] victuall we had, tire and starue our 
men, having no means to carry victuall, munition, the hurt 
or sicke, but their owne backs: how or by whom they 
vvere invented I knovv not. 

But Captaine Newport we only accounted the author; 
who to effect these proiects, had so gilded all our hopes 
with great promises, that both company and Councel con- 
cluded his resolution. I confesse we little vnderstood then 
our estates, to conclude his conclusion against al the 
inconveniences the foreseeing President alleadged. There 
was added to the councell, one Captaine Waldo, and 
Captaine Winne; two ancient souldiers and valiant gen- 
tlemen, but ignorant of the busines, being newly arriued. 
Ratcliffe vvas also permitted to haue his voice; and 
Maister Scrivener [was] desirous to see strange countries. 
So that although Smith was President, yet the Councell 
had the authoritie, and ruled it as they listed. 

As for cleering Smiths obiections, how pitch, and tarre, 
wa [i] nscot, clapbord, glasse, and sope ashes could be pro- 
vided to relade the ship; or provision got to liue withal 
when none was in the Country, and that which we had, 
spent before the ships departed: the answer was, Captaine 
Newport vndertook to fraught the Pinnace with corne, in 
going and returning in his discoverie, and to refraught her 


Ve 4 oe} 


A Todkill. | with the second supply in Virginia. 


againe from Werawocomoco; also promising a great pro- 
portion of victuall from his ship, inferring that Smiths 
propositions were only devises to hinder his iourney, to 
effect it himselfe; and that the crueltie Smith had vsed to 
the Salvages in his absence, might occasion them to 
hinder his designes. For which, al workes were left, and 
120 chosen men were appointed for his guard. [44] 


And Smith, to make cleere these seeming suspicions, 
that the Salvages were not so desperat[e] as was pretended 
by Captaine Newport, and how willing he was to further 
them to effect their projects; because the coronation would 
consume much time, vndertooke their message to Powhatan 
(to intreat him to come to Zames Towne to receiue his 
presents) accompanied only with Captaine Waldo, Maister 
Andrew Buckler, Edward Brinton, and Samuel Collier. 

With these 4, hee went overland [to] against Werawoco- 
moco, there passed the river of Pamavnke in the Salvages 
Canowes. Powhatan being 30 myles of[f]; who, presently, 
was sent for. In the meane time, his women entertained 
Smith in this manner. 

In a faire plaine field, they made a fire; before which, 
he sitting vppon a mat, suddainly amongst the woods was 
heard such a hideous noise and shriking, that they betooke 
them to their armes, supposing Powhatan with all his 
power came to surprise them: but the beholders, which 
were many, men women and children, satisfied the Cap- 
taine there was no such matter; being presently presented 
with this anticke. 

30 young women came naked out of the woods (only 
covered behind and before with a few greene leaues), their 
bodies al painted, some white, some red, some black, some 
partie colour; but every one different. Their leader had 
a faire paire of stagges hornes on her head, and an otter 
skinne at her girdle, another at her arme, a quiver of 
arrowes at her backe, and bow and arrowes in her hand. 
The next, in her hand a sword; another, a club; another, 
a pot-stick: all horn[e]d alike. The rest, every one with 
their severall devises. 

These feindes, with most hellish [45] cries and shouts, 
rushing from amongst the trees, cast themselues in a ring 


123 
[1608] 


Captaine 
Smith with 
4 goeth to 
Powhatan. 


LA. 436.) 


The 
womens 
entertaine- 
ment at 
Werawoco- 
moco. 


124 
[1608] 


(2. 437-] 
Captain 
Smiths 

message. 


Powhatans 
answer, 


Powhatans 
Coronation. 


R. Wiffin. 


The proceedings and accidents W. Phettiplace. 


about the fire, singing and dauncing with excellent ill 
varietie, oft falling into their infernall passions, and then 
solemnely againe to sing and daunce. Hauing spent neere 
an houre, in this maskarado; as they entered, [they] in 
like manner departed. 

Hauing reaccomodated themselues, they solemnely 
invited Smith to their lodging: but no sooner was hee 
within the house, but all these Nimphes [the] more tor- 
mented him than ever, with crowding, and pressing, and 
hanging vpon him, most tediously crying, lowe you not mee. 

This salutation ended, the feast was set, consisting of 
fruit in baskets, fish and flesh in wooden platters; beans 
and pease there wanted not (for 20 hogges), nor any 
Salvage daintie their invention could devise: some attend- 
ing, others singing and dancing about them. 

This mirth and banquet being ended, with firebrands 
(instead of torches) they conducted him to his lodging. 

The next day, came Powhatan. Smith delivered his 
message of the presents sent him, and redelivered him 
Namontack ; desiring him [to] come to his Father Newport 
to accept those presents, and conclude their revenge against 
the Monacans. 

Wherevnto the subtile Salvage thus replied 

If your king haue sent me presents, I also am a 
king, and this [is] my land. 8 daies I will stay to 
receaue them. Your father is to come to me, not I 
to him; nor yet to your fort: neither will I bite at 
such a baite. As for the Monacans, I can revenge my 
owne iniuries; and as for Atquanuchuck, where you 
say your brother was slain[p. 20, 28]; it is a contrary 
way from those parts you suppose it [46]. But for 
any salt water beyond the mountaines, the relations 
you haue had from my people are false. 

Wherevpon he began to draw plots vpon the ground, 
according to his discourse, of all those regions. 

Many other discourses they had (yet both desirous to 
giue each other content in Complementall courtesies), and 
so Captaine Smith returned with this answer. 


Vpon this Captaine Newport sent his presents by water, 
which is neare[ly] too miles; with 50 of the best shot 


A. Todkill. with the second supply in Virginia. 


himselfe went by land, which is but 12 miles; where he 
met with our 3 barges to transport him over. 

All things being fit for the day of his coronation, the 
presents were brought, his bason, ewer, bed and furniture 
set vp: [and] his scarlet cloake and apparel (with much 
adoe) put on him, (being perswaded by Namontacke they 
would doe him no hurt). But a fowle trouble there was 
to make him kneele to receaue his crowne. He, neither 
knowing the maiestie nor meaning of a Crowne, nor bend- 
ing of the knee, indured so many perswasions, examples, and 
instructions, as tired them all. At last, by leaning hard on 
his shoulders, he a little stooped, and Newport put the 
Crowne on his head; when, by the warning of a pistoll, the 
boates were prepared with such a volly of shot, that the king 
start{[ed] vp in a horrible feare, till he saw all was well. 
Then remembring himselfe, to congratulate their kindnesse, 
he gaue his old shoes and his mantle to Captain Newport. 

But perceiuing his purpose was to discover the Mona- 
cans, hee laboured to divert his resolution; refusing to 
lend him either men or guides more then Namontack. 
And so, after some complementall kindnesse [47] on both 
sides, in requitall of his presents, he presented Newport 
with a heape of wheat eares, that might contain 7 or 8 
bushels ; and as much more we bought, ready dressed, in 
the town: wherewith we returned to the fort. 


The ship having disburdened her selfe of 70 persons, 
with the first gentlewoman and woman servant that 
arrived in our Colony; Captaine Newport with al the 
Councell, and 120 chosen men, set forward for the dis- 
covery of Monacan: leauing the President at the fort with 
80. (such as they were) to relade the shippe. 

Arriving at the falles, we marched by land some forty 
myles in 2 daies and a halfe; and so returned downe to 
the same path we went. Two townes wee discovered of 
the Monacans, the people neither vsing vs well nor ill: 
yet for our securitie wee tooke one of their pettie 
Werowances, and lead him bound, to conduct vs the way. 

And in our returne [we] searched many places wee sup- 
posed mynes, about which we spent some time in refining ; 
having one William Callicut a refiner, fitted for that pur- 


125 


{1608} 


|p. 43d 


The dis- 
covery of 
Monacan, 


. ¥ . Wiffin. 
126 The proceedings and accidents [ w. Ptetaplacs. 


[1608] pose. From that crust of earth wee digged, hee perswaded 
vs to beleeue he extracted some smal quantitie of siluer 
(and not vnlikely better stuffe might bee had for the 
digging). With this poore trial, we were contented to 
leaue this faire, fertill, well watred countrie. 

Comming to the Falles, the Saluages fained there were 
diverse ships come into the Bay to kill them at James 
Towne. Trade they would not; and find their corn we 
could not, for they had hid it in the woods: and being thus 
deluded, we arriued at James Towne, halfe sicke, all com- 
plaining and tired with toile famine and discontent [48] 
to haue only but discovered our gilded hopes, and such 
fruitlesse certaineties, as the President foretold vs. 


LA. 439-] No sooner were we landed, but the President dispersed 
[as] many as were able, some for glasse, others for pitch, 
tarre, and sope ashes; leaving them [the vest], with the 
fort, to the Councels oversight. 

But 30 of vs he conducted 5. myles from the fort to 
learn to make clapboard, cut downe trees, and ly[e] in 
woods. Amongst the rest, he had chosen Gabriell Beadell, 
and John Russell the only two gallants of this last supply, 
and both propergentlemen. Strange were these pleasures 
to their conditions: yet lodging, eating, drinking, work- 
ing, or playing, they doing but as the President, all these 
things were carried so pleasantly, as within a weeke, they 
became Masters; making it their delight to heare the 
trees thunder as they fell. But the axes so oft blistered 
their tender fingers, that commonly every third blow had 
a lowd oath to drowne the eccho: forremedy of which sin, 

A punish the President devised howe to haue everie mans oathes 

socal numbered; and at night, for every oath to haue a can of 
water povvred downe his sleeue. WVith which, every 
offender vvas so vvashed (himselfe and all) that a man 
should scarse heare an oath in a weeke. 

By this, let no man think that the President, or these 
gentlemen spent their times as common wood-hackers at 
felling of trees, or such like other labours; or that they 
were pressed to anything as hirelings or common slaues: 
for what they did (being but once a little inured), it seemed, 
and they conceited it, only as a pleasure and a recreation. 


eo 


ict hcdeninae 


A. Todkill. | with the second supply in Virginia. 


Yet 30 or 40 of such voluntary [49] Gentlemen would doe 
more in a day then roo of the rest that must bee prest to 
it by compulsion. Master Scrivener, Captaine Waldo, and 
Captaine Winne at the fort; every one in like manner, 
carefully regarded their charge. 

The President, returning from amongst the woodes, 
seeing the time consumed, and no provision gotten, (and 
the ship lay Idle, and would do nothing), presently im- 
barked himselfe in the discovery barge; giuing order to 
the Councell, to send Master Persey after him, with the 
next barge that arrived at the fort. 2 barges he had him- 
selfe, and 20 men. But arriving at Chickahamina, that 
dogged nation was too wel acquainted with our wants, 
refusing to trade with as much scorne and insolencie as 
they could expresse. The President perceiving it was 
Powhatans pollicy to starue vs, told them he came not so 
much for their corne,astorevenge his imprisonment, and the 
death of his men murdered by them [f.16]. And so landing 
his men, and ready to charge them, they immediately fled. 
But then they sent their imbassadours, with corne, fish, 
fowl, or what they had, to make their peace: (their corne 
being that year bad) they complained extreamly of their 
owne wants; yet fraughted our boats with roo bushels of 
corne, and in like manner Master Persies, that not long 
after vs arriued. They having done the best they could to 
content vs; within 4. or 5. daies, we returned to lames Towne. 

Though this much contented the company (that then 
feared nothing but starving) yet some so envied his good 
successe, that they rather desired to starue, then his paines 
should proueso much moreeffectuall then [50] theirs. Some 
proiects there was, not only to haue deposed him but to 
haue kept him out of the fort; for that being President, he 
would leaue his place and the fort without their consents: 
but their hornes were so much too short to effect it, as 
they themselues more narrowly escaped a greater mischiefe. 

All this time our old taverne made as much of all them 
that had either mony or ware as could bee desired ; and by 
this time they were become so perfect on all sides (I 
meane Souldiers, Sailers, and Salvages,) as there was ten 
times more care to maintaine their damnable and private 
trade, then to provide for the Colony things that were 


129 


[1608] 


One 
gentleman 
better then 
20 ldubbers. 
2+ 4400) 


The 
Chicka- 
hamines 
Jorced to 
contribu- 
tion. 


A bad 
reward for 
well doing. 


A good 
tauernein 
Virginia. 


[p. 4416] 


128 
[1608] 


A bad trade 
of masters 
and sailers. 


Skriueners 
votage to 
Werawoco- 
M060. 


= - ~ Wi 
The proceedings and accidents [w. Pieingione: 


necessary. Neither was it a small pollicy in the mariners, 
to report in England wee had such plenty, and [to] bring 
vs so many men without victuall ; when they had so many 
private factors in the fort, that within 6. or 7. weekes after 
the ships returne[i.c., to Virginia], of 2. or 300. hatchets, 
chissels, mattocks, and pickaxes, scarce 20 could be found: 
for pike-heads, kniues, shot, powder, or any thing (they could 
steale from their fellowes) was vendible. They knew as well 
(and as secretly) how to convay them to trade with the 
Salvages, for furres, baskets, mussaneekes, young beastes, 
for such like commodities; asexchangethem with the sailers, 
for butter, cheese, biefe, porke, aquavitz, beere, bisket, and 
oatmeale: and then faine, all was sent them from their 
friends. And though Virginia [hath] affordfed] no furs for 
the store ; yet one mariner in one voyage hath got so many, 
as hee hath confessed to haue solde in England for 30/. 

Those are the Saint-seeming worthies of Virginia; (61) 
that haue notwithstanding all this, meate, drinke, and pay: 
but now they begin to grow weary, their trade being both 
perceived and prevented. 

None hath bin in Virginia (that hath not observed any 
thing) which knowes not this to be true; and yet the scorne 
and shame was the poore souldiers, gentlemen, and care- 
lesse governours, who were all thus bought and solde; the 
aduenturers cousened, and the action overthrowne by their 
false excuses, informations, and directions. By this let 
all the world Iudge how this businesse coulde prosper; 
being thus abused by such pilfering occasions. 


The proceedings and accidents, with the 
second supply. 


Master Scrivener was sent with the barges and Pinas to 
Werawocomoco, where he found the Salvages more ready 
to fight then trade: but his vigilancy was such, as pre- 
vented their proiectes, and by the meanes of Namontack, 
got 3. or 4. hogsheads of corne, and as much Red paint, 
which (then) was esteemed an excellent die. 

Captaine Newport being dispatched with the tryals of 
pitch, tarre, glasse, frankincense, and sope ashes, with 


A. Todkill. with the second supply in Virginia. 129 


that clapbord and wainscot [which] could bee provided, [1608] 
met with Master Scrivener at point Comfort, and so returned (¢. 4421 
for England; leaving vs in all 200, with those hee brought 

vs. 


The names of those in this supply are these. (A 4453 
Captaine Peter Winne. weve appointed to bee of the 
Captaine Richard Waldo. Councell. [82] 


Thomas Phelps. ) 
Master Francis West. Tohn Part. : 
Thomas Graues. Iohn Clarke. | 2 
Rawley Chroshaw. Tefry Shortridge. [58] | 
Gabriell Bedle. Dius Oconor. = 
Tohn Russell. Hugh Wynne. by 
Iohn Bedle. Davi{d] Vphu. $ 
William Russell. Thomas Bradley. iS 1A 440) 
Iohn Gudderington. Tohn Burras. & 
William Sambage. ‘Thomas Lavander. 
Henry Collings. Henry Bell. } 
Henry Ley. Master Powell. 3 
Harmon Haryson. Davi{d| Ellys. | cbt 
Damiell Tucker. Thomas Gipson. J 


Hugh Wollystone. 


Gent. 


Thomas Dowse. 


Thomas Norton. 


George Yarington. William Taler. 


r 
Tohn Hoult. | Thomas Mallard. 
Thomas Fox. : 
George Burton. Nicholas Hancock. K 
Henry Philpot. mH 
Walker. re) 
Thomas Maxes. re a 
: ’ Williams. 3 
Michaell Lowtcke. 4 
Morrell. 
Master Hunt. pope 
OS. 
Thomas Forest. AS ig 
William Dowman. Pohl 
Hardwin. J 
Tohn Dauxe. Mil 
ilman. 
Thomas A bbay. Heliyand: } Boys. 


Mistresse Forest and Anne Buras [see p. 130] her maide, 8. 
Dutchmen and Poles, with divers to the number of 70. persons. 


: ° a 5 Nansa- 
Those poore conclusions so affrighted vs all with famine, rund forced 
that the President provided for Nansamund. [He]. tooke fution. 
9 


130 


(1608) 


[A. 447.) 


A ppama- 
tuc 


discovered. 


R. Wiffn. 


The proceedings and accidents W. Phettiplace. 


with him Captaine Winne, and Master Scrivener (then 
returning from Captaine Newport). 

These people also.[54)] long denied him trade (excusing 
themselues to bee so commanded by Powhatan) til we 
were constrained to begin with them perforce, and then 
they would rather sell vs some, then wee should take all. 
So loading our boats with 100 bushels, we parted friends, 
and came to Iames Towne: at which time, there was a 
marriage betweene John Laydon and Anna Burrowes (see 
p. 129]; being the first marriage we had in Virginia. 

Long he staied not, but fitting himselfe and captaine 
Waldo with 2. barges [the President sought] from Chawopo, 
weanocke and all parts there, [where] was found neither 
corne nor Salvage, but all fled (being Iealous of our intents) 
till we discovered the river and people of Appametuck, 
where we found [but] little. That they had we equally 
devided betwixt the Salvages and vs, but gaue them 
copper in consideration. 

Master Persie and Master Scrivener went also abroad, but 
could finde nothing. 

The President seeing this proc[rjastinating of time, was 
no course to liue, resolued with Captaine Waldo (who he 
knew to be sure in time of need), to surprise Powhatan and 
al his provision: but the vnwillingnes of Captaine Winne, 
and Master Scrivener (for some private respects), did their 
best to hinder their proiect. 

But the President, whom no perswasions could perswade 
to starue, being invited by Powhatan to come vnto him: 
and if he would send him but men to build him a house, 
bring him a grin{[d]stone, 50. swords, some peeces, a cock 
and a hen, with copper and beads; he would loade his 
shippe with corne. 

The President not ignoraunt of his devises, yet vnwilling 
to neglect any opportunity, presently sent 3. Dutch-men 
and 2. English (having no victuals [55] to imploy them, 
all for want thereof being idle). Knowing there needed no 
better castel then that house, to surprize Powhatan [in]; to 
effect this project, he took order with Captaine Waldo, to 
second him, if need required. Scrivener, he left [as] his 
subsitute ; and set forth with the Pinnas, 2. barges, and 
six and forty men, which only were such as voluntarily 


A. Todkill. | with the second supply in Virginia. 131 
offered themselues for his iourny: the which (by reason of [1608] 
Muster Scriveners ill successe) was censured very desper- 
ate. They all knowing Smith would not returne empty 


Eowsoever, caused many of those that he had appointed 
to find excuses to stay behinde. 


& 


Cit Aye BB AVidslahe (A. 448.) 


Captaine Smiths tourney to Pamavnke. 


TT) (MR HE 29 of December [1608], hee set forward for 
Werawocomoco.: his company were these. 


In the Discovery barge, himselfe. 


Robert Behethland. Anas Todhkill. 


Nathaniell Powell. VVilliam Loue. 54 
Iohn Russell. Ghat VVilliam Bentley. a 
Rawly Crashaw. * | Geoffrey Shortridge. er 
Michaell Sicklemore. Edward Pising. 5 
Richard Worlie. J) VVilliam VVarde. a 


In the Pinnace. 

Master George Persie, brother to the Earle of Northumber- 
land ; Master Frauncis VVest, brother to the Lord De-la- 
Ware. 

VVilliam Phetiplace, Captaine of the Pinnas. 

Tonas Profit, Master. 

Robert Ford, clarcke of the councell, 


Michaell Phetsplace. Iohn Dods. 
Geoffrey A bbot, Serg. Edward Brinton. 
VVilliam Tankard. Nathaniel Peacocke. 


Sould. 


lames Bourne. David Ellis. 
George Burton. Thomas Gipson. 


George Yarington. Gent. | Henry Powell. 
Thomas Coe. | Iohn Prat. 


132 


(1608-9) George Acrigge. . | Anthony Baggly, Serg. 3 
=] 


Pleniie of 
victmadl, 
[Christmas 
ends 


on 
& Jan.) 


148 Fowles 
arlled at 3 
shoots 


The proceedings and accidents wit 


Tames Reade. Thomas Lambert. 3 
Nicholas Hancocke. Edward Pising, Serg. }” 
Tames VVaikins. [Pising was in the barge, see previous page.] 


4. Duichmen and Richard Salvage were sent by land, to build 
the house for Powhatan against our arrivall. 


Sould 


This company being victualled but for 3. or 4. daies, 
[57] lodged the first night at Weraskeyack; where the 
President tooke sufficient provision. 

This kind Salvage did his best to divert him from seeing 
Powhaian: but perceiuing he could not prevaile, he advised 
in this manner 

Captaine Smith, you shall finde Powhatan to vse 
you kindly, but trust him not; and bee sure hee haue 
no opportunitie to seaze on your armes, for hee hath 
sent for you only to cut your throats. 

The Captaine thanked him for his good counsell; yet 
the better to try his loue, desired guides to Chowanoke, for 
he would sent a present to that king to bind him his 
friend. To performe this iourney, was sent Michael 
Sicklemore, a very honest, valiant, and painefull soldier: 
with him, two guid[e]s, and directions howe to search for 
the lost company of Sir Walter Rawley, and silke grasse. 

Then wee departed thence, the President assuring the 
king [of] his perpetuall loue; and left with him Samuell 
Collier his page, to learne the language. 

The next night being lodged at Kecoughian, [for] 6 or 7 
daies, the extreame wind, raine, frost, and snowe caused 
vs to keepe Christmas amongst the Salvages: where wee 
were never more merrie, nor fedde on more plentie of good 
oysters, fish, flesh, wild foule, and good bread; nor never 
had better fires in England then in the drie warme smokie 
houses of Kecoughtan. 

But departing thence, when we found no houses, we 
were not curious [ fastidious] (in any weather) to lie, 3 
or 4 nights together, vpon any shore, vnder the trees, by 
a good fire. 148 fowles, the President, Anthony Bagly, 
and Edward Pising [the two Serjeanis] did kill at 3 shoots. 

At Krskiack, the frost forced vs 3 or 4 daies, also to 


EN 


A. Todkiil. | with the second supply in Virginia. 


suppresse the insolencie of those [58] proud Salvages, to 
quarter in their houses and guard our barge, and [to] cause 
them to giue vs what wee wanted: yet were we but 12 
with the President, and vet we neuer wanted harbour 
|shelter) where we found any houses. 

The 12 of Ianuarie (1609), we arrived at Werawocomoco, 
where the river was frozen neare halfe a mile from the 
shore. But to neglect no time, the President with his 
barge, so farre had approached, by breaking the Ice, as 
the eb(b] left him amongst those oozie shoules: yet, 
rather then to lie there frozen to death, by his owne 
example, hee taught them to march middle deepe, more 
then a flight shot, through this muddie froye ooze. When 
the barge flofa|ted, he appointed 2 or 3 to returne her 
abo(a}rd the Pinnace ; where, for want of water, in melting 
the salt ice they made fresh water. But in this march, 
Master [ohn] Russell (whome none could perswade to stay 
behind) being somewhat ill and exceeding{ly] heavie, so 
overtoiled him selfe, as the rest had much adoe (ere he 
got a shore) to regain life into his dead benummed spirits. 

Quartering in the next houses we found, we sent to 
Powhatan for provision; who sent vs plentie of bread, 
Turkies, and Venison. 

The next day, hauing feasted vs after his ordinarie 
manner; he began to aske, when we would bee gonfe], 
faining (feigming] hee sent not for vs: neither had hee any 
corne, and his people much lesse; yet for 40 swords he 
would procure vs 40 bushels. 

The President, shewing him the men there present, 
that brought him the message and conditions, asked him, 
how it chaunced he became so forgetful: thereat, the king 
concluded the matter with a merry laughter, asking for 
our commodities; but none he liked without gunnes and 
swords, [69] valuing a basket of corne more pretious then 
a basket of copper, saying he could eate his corne, but not 
his copper. 

Captaine Smith seeing the intent of this subtil Saluage, 
began to deale with him after this manner. 

Powhatan, though I had many courses to haue 
made my provision; yet beleeving your promises to 
supply my wants, I neglected all, to satisfie your 


133 
[1609] 


[2. 450.] 


Anill 
march. 


Powhatans 
subteltie. 


Captaine 
Smithes 
discourse to 
Powhatan. 


134 The proceedings and accidents [w.Pusosine | 


{1609} desire: and to testifie my loue, I sent you my men 
for your building, neglecting my owne. What your 
people had, you haue engrossed, forbidding them our 
trade; and nowe you thinke by consuming the time, 
wee shall consume for want, not hauing [wherewith] 
to fulfill your strange demandes. As for swords and 
gunnes, I told you long agoe, I had none to spare. 
And you shall knowe, those I haue, can keepe me 
from want: yet steale, or wrong you, I will not; nor 
dissolue that friendship wee haue mutually promised, 
except you constraine mee by your bad vsage. 

The king hauing attentiuely listned to this discourse, 
roy atexs promised that both hee and his Country would spare him 
fateery. what they could; the which within 2 daies, they should 
(45:1 receaue. Yet, Captaine Smith, (saith the king) some 

doubt I haue of your comming hither, that makes me 

not so kindly seeke to relieue you as I would: for 
many do informe me, your comming is not for trade, 

but to invade my people and possesse my Country: 

who dare not come to bring you corne, seeing you 

fare] thus armed with your men. To cleere vs of ; 
this feare, leaue abord your weapons; for here they 

are needlesse, we being all friends and for ever 
Powhatans. (60) ; 

With many such discourses, they spent the day, 
quart[eJring that night in the kings houses. 

The next day, he reviewed his building, which hee little 
intended should proceed. For the Dutchmen finding his 
plenty, and knowing our want; and perceiuing his pre- 
paration to surprise vs, little thinking wee could escape 
both him, and famine: to obtaine his favour, reuealed to 
him as much as they knew of our estates and proiects, and 
how to prevent them. One of them being of so good a 
iudgement, spirit, and resolution (and a hireling that was 
certaine of wages for his labour; and ever well vsed, both 
he and his countrimen) that the President knewe not 
whome better to trust; and, not knowing any fitter for 
that imploiment, had sent him as a spie, to discover 
Powhatans intent, then little doubting his honestie; nor 
could ever be certaine of his villany till neare halfe a 
yeare after [ p. 150). 


ee a eee 


A. Todkill. | with the second supply in Virginia. 


Whilst we expected the comming in of the countrie, we 
wrangled out of the king ro quarters of corne for a copper 
kettle ; the which the President perceiving him much to 
effect, valued it at a much greater rate, but (in regard of 
his scarcety) hee would accept of as much more the next 
yeare, or else the country of Monacan. The King exceed- 
ing liberall of that hee had not, yeelded him Monacan. 
Wherewith each seeming well contented, Powhatan began 
to expostulate the difference betwixt peace and war, after 
this manner. 

Captaine Smith, you may vnderstand that I, hauing 
seene the death of all my people thrice, and not one 
living of those 3 generations but my selfe, I knowe 
the difference of peace and warre better then any 
in my [61] Countrie. But now I am old, and ere 
long must die. My brethren, namely Opichapam; 
Opechankanough, and Kekataugh, my two sisters, and 
their two daughters, are distinctly each others succes- 
sours. I wish their experiences no lesse then mine, and 
your loue to them, no lesse then mine to you: but 
this bru[iJte from Nansamund, that you are come to 
destroy my Countrie, so much affrighteth all my people, 
as they dare not visit you. What will it availe you 
to take that perforce, you may quietly haue with loue, 
or to destroy them that provide you food? What 
can you get by war, when we can hide our provision 
and flie to the woodes, whereby you must famish, by 
wronging vs your friends? And whie are you thus 
iealous of our loues, seeing vs vnarmed, and both doe, 
and are willing still to feed you with that you cannot 
get but by our labours? Think you I am so simple 
not to knowe it is better to eate good meate, lie well, 
and sleepe quietly with my women and children, 
laugh and be merrie with you, haue copper, hatchets, 
or what I want, being your friend ; then bee forced to 
flie from al, to lie cold in the woods, feed vpon acorns 
roots and such trash, and be so hunted by you that I 
can neither rest eat nor sleepe, but my tired men 
must watch, and if a twig but breake, everie one crie, 
there comes Captaine Smith: then must I flie I knowe 
not whether, and thus with miserable feare end my 


135 
[1609] 


Powhatans 
discourse of 
peace 
WATTe. 


[p. 452+] 


136 
[1609] 


C. Smiths 


reply 


[. 453-] 


The proceedings and accidents [w. Pienvine 


miserable life, leauing my pleasures to such youths as 
you, which, through your rash vnadvisednesse, may 
quickly as miserably ende, for want of that you never 
knowe how to find? Let this therefore assure you of 
our loues, and everie yeare our friendly trade shall 
furnish you [62] with corne; and now also if you 
would come in friendly manner to see vs, and not 
thus with your gunnes and swords, as to invade your 
foes. 


To this subtil discourse, the President thus replied. 


Seeing you will not rightly conceaue of our words, 
wee striue to make you knowe our thoughts by our 
deeds. The vowI made you of my loue, both my selfe 
and my men haue kept. As for your promise I finde 
it everie daie violated by some of your subiects; yet 
wee finding your loue and kindnesse, our custome is so 
far from being vngratefull, that for your sake only, wee 
haue curbed our thirsting desire of revenge, else had 
they knowne as wel the crueltie we vse to our enimies 
as our true loue and curtesie to our friendes. And I 
thinke your iudgement sufficient to conceiue, as well 
by the adventures we haue vndertaken, as by the 
advantage we haue by our armes, of yours: that had 
wee intended you anie hurt, long ere this we coulde 
haue effected it. Your people comming to me at 
Iames towne, are entertained with their bowes and 
arrowes without exception; we esteeming it with you, 
as it is with vs, to weare our armes as our apparell. 
As for the dangers of our enimies, in such warres 
consist[s] our chiefest pleasure. For your riches we 
haue novse. As for the hiding [of] your provision, or by 
your flying to the woods ; we shall [not] so vnadvisediy 
starue as you conclude: your friendly care in that 
behalfe is needlesse, for we haue arule to finde beyond 
your knowledge. 


Manie other discourses they had, til at last they began 
totrade. But the king seing his will would not bee ad- 
mitted as a lawe, our guard [not] dispersed, nor our men 


(63] disarmed ; he, sighing, breathed his mind once more, 
in this manner. 


Captaine Smith, I neuer vsed anie of Werowances so 


A. Todkill.] with the second supply in Virginia. 137 


kindlie as your selfe; yet from you, I receaue the [1609} 
least kindnesse of anie. Captaine Newport gaue Powkatans 
me swords, copper, cloths, a bed, tooles, or what I tanitie 
desired; ever taking what I offered him: and would 77,2" 
send awaie his gunnes when I intreated him. None 247med, 
doth denie to laie at my feet, or do, what I desire, tem” 
but onelie you; of whom I can haue nothing but 

what you regard not: and yet you wil haue what- 

soeuer you demand. Captain Newport you call 

father, and so you call me: but I see, for all vs both, 

you will doe what you list, and wee must both seeke 

to content you. But if you intend so friendlie as you 

saie, sende hence your armes that I may beleeue you: 

for you see the loue I beare you, doth cause mee thus 
nakedlie {to} forget my selfe. 

Smith (seeing this Salvage but trifled the time, to cut his 
throat) procured the Salvages to breake the ice, that his 
boat might come to fetch both him and his corne; and 
gaue order for his men to come ashore, to haue surprised 
the king: with whom also, he but trifled the time till his 
men landed; and to keepe him from suspition, entertained 
the time with this reply. 

Powhatan, you must knowe as I haue but one God, I C Seat 
honour but one king: and I liue not here as yoursubiect, ‘ay time, 
but as your friend to pleasure you with whatI can. By Satie 
the gifts you bestowe on me, you gaine more then by sy7Artse 
trade: yet would you visite mee as I doe you, you ; 
should knowe it is not our customes to sell our curtesie 
as a vendible commoditie. Bring all your Country 
(64) with you for your g[uJard, I will not dislike of it 
as being over iealous. But to content you, to-morrow 
I will leaue my armes, and trust to your promise. [ [The last | 
call you father indeed, and as a father you shall see I Sees Pow. 
will loue you: but the smal care you had of such a ™"! 
child, caused my men perswade me to shift for my selfe. 

By this time, Powhatan having knowledge [that] his men Powhatans 
were readie; whilst the ice was breaking, his luggage, ‘nurdercd. 
women and children fledde. And to avoid suspition [he] left 9” 

2 or 3 of his women talking with the Captaine; whilst he (4 4541 
secretly fled, and his men as secretlie beset the house. 
Which being at the instant discovered to Captaine Smith ; 


138 The proceedings and accidents (wine 


[1609] with his Pistol, Sword and Target, he made such a passage 
amongst those naked divels that they fled before him, 
some one waie, some another: so that without hurt, he 
obtained [reached] the Corps du guard. 

When they perceiued him so well escaped, and with his 8 
men (for he had no more with him), to the vttermost of 
their skill, they sought by excuses to dissemble the matter. 
And Powhatan, to excuse his flight and the suddaine com- 

A chaine ¢ ming of this multitude, sent our Captaine a greate bracelet 

present. and achaine of pearle, by an ancient Orator that bespoke 
vs to this purpose (perceiving then from our Pinnace, a 
barge and men departing and comming vnto vs.) 

Captaine Smith, our Werowans is fled, fearing your 
guns; and knowing [that] when the ice was broken, 
there would come more men, sent those of his, to guard 
his corne from the pilfrie that might happen without 
your knowledge. Now though some bee hurt by your 
misprison; yet he is your friend, and so wil continue. 
And since the ice is open, hee would haue you send 
awaie [65] your corne; and if you would haue his 
companie, send also your armes, which so affrighteth 
this people that they dare not come to you, as he 
hath promised they should. 

Nowe having prouided baskets for our men to carrie the 
corne, they kindlie offered their service to g[uJard our armes, 

Pretending that none Should steale them. A great manie they were, of 


‘0 kill our : : : . 
pn elded goodlie well appointed fellowes, as grim as divels: yet the 


eis verie Sight of cocking our matches against them, and a few 
Salveges (tel words, caused them to leaue their bowes and arrowes to our 
gu[a]rd, and beare downe our corne on their own backes. 
Wee needed not importune them to make quick despatch. 
But our own barge being left by the ebb, caused vs to 
staie till the midnight tide carried vs safe abo[a]rd [7.e., by 
the side of the Pinnace]. 
Hauing spent that halfe night with such mirth as though 
(4.455) | we never had suspected or intended anything ; we left the 
Dutchman to build, Brinton to kil fowle for Powhatan as 
by his messengers he importunately desired; and left 
directions with our men to giue Powhatan all the content 
they could, that we might inioy his company at our 
returne from Pamaunke. 


| 


2 \ 


ea ee 
: 


A. Todkill. | with the second supply in Virginia. 


GEA PE Kix. 
How we escaped surprising at Pamavnke. 


‘92 EE had no sooner set saile, but Powhatan re- 

Y turned, and sent Adam and Francis (2. stout 
2 Dutch men) to the fort: who fained to Cap- 
BS taine VVinne that al things were well, and that 
Captaine Smith had vse for their armes: wherefore they 
requested newe [66] (the which were giuen them). They 
told him their comming was for some extraordinary tooles 
and shift of apparell. By this colourable excuse, they 
obtained 6. or 7. more to their confederacie, such expert 
theefes that presently furnished them with a great many 
swords, pike-heads, peeces, shot, powder, and such like. 
They had Salvages at hand ready to carry it away. The 
next day, they returned vnsuspected, leaving their con- 
federates to follow; and, in the interim, to convay them a 
competencie of all things they could: for which service, 
they should liue with Powhatan as his chiefe affected, free 
from those miseries that would happen [to] the Colony. 

Samuell their other consort, Powhatan kept for their 
pledge; whose diligence had prouided him [Powhatan] 
300. of their kinde of hatchets; the rest, 50. swords, 8. 
peeces, and 8. pikes. 

Brinton and Richard Salvage seeing the Dutch-men 
so strang[e]ly diligent to accommodate the Salvages [with] 
these weapons, attempted to haue got to Iames Towne; 
but they were apprehended. 

Within 2. or 3. daies, we arrived at Pamavnke : the king 
[t.e., Opechancanough} as many daies entertained vs with 
feasting and much mirth. 

And the day he appointed to begin our trade, the 
President, with Master Persie, Master West, Master Russell, 
Master Beheathland, Master Powell, Master Crashaw, Master 
Ford, and some others, to the number of I5., went vp to 
Opechancanoug{h|s house (near a quarter of a mile from 
the river) ; where we [the writers of this portion of the Work, 
pp. 148, 131, were evidently of this party] founde nothing but 
a lame fellow and a boy, and all the houses about, of all 
things abandoned. 


139 


(2. 456.1 


(1609] . 


The dutch 
men de- 


ceaue 
C. Smith. 


Opechanca- 


nougi 
abandoned, 


140 


[1609] 


(. 457-1 


Smiths 
speech to 
Opechanca- 
nouch. 


joo Salvages 
beset the 
English 
being but 16. 


Smiths 
speech to his 
company. 


° : R. Win. 
The proceedings and accidents [w. pretpiiee 


Not long we staide ere the king arrived, and after 
him, came divers of his people loaded with bowes and 
arrowes; but such pinching commodities, and those 
esteemed at such a value [67], as our Captaine beganne 
with him, in this manner. 

Opechancanough, the great loue you professe with 
your tongue, seemes meere deceipt by your actions. 
Last yeare, you kindly fraughted our ship; but now 
you haue invited me to starue with hunger. You 
know my want; and I, your plenty: of which, by 
some meanes, I must haue part. Remember it is fit 
for kings to keepe their promise. Here are my com- 
modities, whereof take your choice: the rest I will 
proportion fit bargaines for your people. 

The king seemed kindly to accept this offer; and the 
better to colour his proiect, sold vs what they had to our 
own content: promising the next day, more company, 
better provided. 


The barges and Pinnas being committed to the charge 
of Master Phetiplace: the President, with his old 15, 
marched vp to the kings house; where we found 4 or 5 
men newly come with great baskets. 

Not long after came the king, who, with a strained 
cheerefulnes, held vs with discourse, what paines he had 
taken to keepe his promise, till Master Russell brought vs 
in news that we were all betraied, for at least 6. or 700. 
of well appointed Indians had invironed the house and 
beset the fields. 

The king coniecturing what Russell related, we could 
wel perceiue how the extremity of his feare bewrayed 
his intent. Whereat, sorne of our companie seeming dis- 
maide with the thought of such a multitude, the Captaine 
incouraged vs after this manner. 

Worthy countrymen, were the mischiefes of my 
seeming friends no more then the danger of these 
enemies, I little cared, were they as many more, if 
you [68} dare do but asI. But this is my torment, 
that if I escape them, our malicious councell, with 
their open-mouthed minions, will make mee such 
a peace-breaker (in their opinions) in England, as 


A. Todkill. with the second supply in Virginia. 141 


wil break my neck. I could wish those here, that [1609] 
make these seeme Saints, and me an oppressor. But 
this is the worst of all, wherin I pray, aide me with 
your opinions. Should wee begin with them and 
surprize this king, we cannot keep him and defend 
well our selues. If we should each kill our man, and 
so proceede with aljl] in this house, the rest will all 
fly: then shall we get no more then the bodies that 
are slaine, and then starue for victuall. As for their 
fury, it is the least danger. For well you know, 
being alone assaulted with 2 or 300 of them, I made 4. 458, 
them compound to saue my life; and we are now 
16 and they but 7oo. at the most; and assure your 
selues God wil so assist vs, that if you dare but to 
stande to discharge your peeces, the very smoake 
will bee sufficient to affright them. Yet howsoever, 
if there be occasion, let vs fight like men, and not 
die like sheep: but first I will deale with them to 
bring it to passe, we may fight for something, and 
draw them to it by conditions. If you like this 
motion, promise me youle [you will] be valiant. 

The time not permitting any argument, all vowed to 
execute whatsoever he attempted, or die. Wherevpon the 
captaine approaching the king, bespoke him in this manner. 

I see Opechancanough, your plot to murder me; but Smafsover 

I feare it not. As yet your men and mine haue done canough. 
no harme but by our directions. ‘Take therefore 

your arms, you see mine. My body shalbe as naked 

as yours, [69] the Ile in your riverisa fit place, if you 

be contented ; and the conqueror, of vs two, shalbe 

Lord and Master over all our men. Otherwaies 
drawe all your men into the field, if you haue not 
enough, take time to fetch more; and bring what 
number you will, so everie one bring a basket of 
corne: against all which, I will stake the value in 
copper. You see I haue but 15 men, and our game 
shalbe, the conqueror take all. 

The king, being guarded with 50 or 60 of his chiefe Opechanca- 
men, seemed kindly to appease Smiths suspition of vnkind- Zevise to 
nesse, by a great present at the dore, they intreated him to is 
receiue. This wasto draw him without the dore, where 


142 
[1609] 


Ls. 459.] 


Sowetths 
discourse 
to the Pa- 


maunkies. 


The proceedings and accidents [wae 


the present was g(uljarded with at the least 200 men, 
and 30 lying under a greate tree that lay thwart as a 
Barricado, each [with] his arrow nocked ready to shoot. 
Some, the President commanded to go and see what 
kinde of deceit this was, and to receiue the present; but 
they refused to do it: yet divers offered, whom he would 
not permit: but commanding Master Persie and Master 
VVest to make good the house, tooke Master Po[w]ell and 
Master Beheathland to guard the dore; and in such a rage, 
snatched the king by his vambrace in the midst of his 
men, with his pistoll ready bent against his brest. Thus 


_ he led the trembling king, neare dead with feare, amongst 


all his people; who delivering the Captaine his bow and 

arrowes, all his men were easily intreated to cast downe 

their armes, little dreaming anie durst in that manner 

haue vsed their king: who then, to escape himselfe, 

bestowed his presents in good sadnesse. 

And hauing caused all his multitude to approach dis- 
armed, the President argued with them to this effect. [70] 

I see, you Pamavnkies, the great desire you haue to 

cut my throat, and my long suffering [of] your iniuries 

haue imboldened you to this presumption. Thecause 

I haue forborne your insolencies is the promise I 

made you, before the God I serue, to be your friend, 

till you giue me iust cause to bee yourenimie. If I 

keepe this vow, my God will keepe mee; you cannot 

hurt me: if I breake it, he will destroie me. But if 

you shoot but one arrow to shed one drop of blood of 

any of my men, or steale the least of these beades or 

copper I spurne before me with my foot; you shall 

see, I wil not cease revenge, if once I begin, so long 

as I can heare where to find one of your nation that 

will not deny the name of Pamavnke. I am not now at 

Rasseneac [pp. 17, 21], halfe drownd with mire, where 

you tooke me prisoner: yet then, for keeping your 

promise, and your good vsage, and saving my life, I 

so affect you, that your denials of your treacherie 

doth half perswade me to mistake my selfe. But if I 

be the marke you aime at, here I stand, shoote hee 

that dare. You promised to fraught my ship ere I 

departed; and so you shall, or I meane to load her 


arena 


wn 


¥ 


PG 


24 


“a 


A. Todkill. | with the second supply in Virginia. 


with your dead carkases. Yet if as friends you wil 
come and trade, I once more promise not to trouble 
you, except you giue me the first occasion. 

Vpon this, awaie went their bowes and arrowes ; and 
men, women, and children brought in their commodities. 
But 2 or three houres they so thronged about the Presi- 
dent, and so overwearied him, as he retired himself to 
rest, leaving Master Beheathland and Master Powel to accept 
their presents. 

But some Salvage perceiving him fast asleepe, and the 
guard carelessly dispersed, 40 or 50 of their choice men 
[71], each with an English sword in his hand, began to 
enter the house; with 2 or 300 others that pressed to 
second them. ‘The noise and hast[e] they made in, did so 
shake the house as they awoke him from his sleep; and 
being halfe amazed with this suddaine sight, [he] betooke 
him straight to his sword and target, Master Crashaw and 
some other[s] charging in like manner, they thronged 
faster back, then before forward. The house thus clensed, 
the king and his ancients, with a long oration came to 
excuse this intrusion. 

The rest of the day was spent with much kindnesse: 
the company againe renuing their presents of their best 
provision. And whatsoever we gaue them, they seemed 
well contented with it. 


Now in the meane while, since our departure, this 
hapned at the fort. 

Master Scriuener willing to crosse the surprizing of 
Powhatan, 9 daies after the Presidents departure [1.e. on 
7 Fanuary 1609], would needs visit the Ile of hogges; and 
took with him Captaine Waldo (though the President had 
appointed him to bee readie to second his occasions) with 
Master Antony Gosnoll and eight others: but so violent 
was the wind (that extreame frozen time) that the boat 
sunke; but where, or how, none doth knowe, for they 
were all drowned. Onlie this was knowne, that the 
Skiffe was much overloaded, and would scarse haue lived 
in that extreme tempest had she beene emptie: but by no 
perswasion could hee bee diverted, though both Waldo 
and 100 others doubted [feared] as it hapned. 


143 
[1609] 


The Sal- 
wages dis- 
semble 
their 
intent. 


[A. 460.] 


Their 
excuse and 
vreconcile- 
ment, 


The losse of 
Master 
Skriuener 
and others 
witha 
Shiffe. 


.| 


144 The proceedings and accidents [w. piers. i 
(1609) The Salvages were the first that found their bodies, which | 
so much the more encouraged them to effect their proiects. 

To advertise the President of this heavie [72] newes, 
none could bee found [that] would vndertake it: but the 

Master iourney was often refused of all in the fort, vntill Master 

ves; * ~~ Wiffin vndertooke alone the performance thereof. Wherein 

te tke, he was encountred with many dangers and difficulties; 
and in all parts as hee passed, as also that night he lodged 
with Powhatan, [he] perceived such preparation for warre 
that assure him some mischiefe was intended: but with 
extraordinarie bribes and much trouble, in three daies 

[Aaérx) travell, at length, he found vs [apparently about 22 Fanuary 
1609] in the midst of these turmoiles. 

This vnhappie newes, the President swore him to con- 
ceale from the rest; and so, dissembling his sorrow with 
the best countenance he could, when the night approached, 
(he) went safely abord with all his companie. 


Powhatan Now so extreamely Powhatan had threatned the death of 
fis men tose HIS men, if they didnot, bysome meanes, kill Captaine Smith, 

‘ that the next day they appointed the Countrie should come 
to trade vnarmed : yet vnwilling to be treacherous but that 
they were constrained, hating fighting almost as ill as 
hanging; such feare they had of bad successe. 

The next morning, the sunne had not long appeared, 
but the fieldes appeared covered with people, and baskets 
Their thing to tempt vs ashore. The President determined to keepe 
Rieree abolajrd; but nothing was to bee had without his presence, 

nor would they not indure the sight of a gun. 

Then the President, seeing many depart, and being 
vnwilling to lose such a booty, so well contrived the 
Pinnace and his barges with Ambuscadoes; as only with 
Master Persie, Master West, and Master Russell armed, he 
went ashore. Others vnarmed, he appointed to receiue 
what was brought. The Salvages flocked [78] before him 
in heapes, and (the bancke serving as a trench for retreat) 
hee drewe them faire open to his ambuscadoes. 

For he not being to be perswaded to go to visit their king, 
the King [Opechancanough] came to visit him, with 2 or 300 
men, in the forme of two halfe-moons, with some 20 men 
and many women loaded with great painted baskets. But 


A. Todkill. with the second supply in Virginia. 


when they approached somewhat neare vs, their women 
and children fled. For when they had environed and 
beset the fieldes in this manner, they thought their pur- 
pose sure; yet so trembled with fear as they were scarse 
able to nock their arrowes. Smith standing with his 3 
men readie bent, beholding them till they were within 
danger of our ambuscado; who, vpon the word, discovered 
themselues, he retiring to the banke: which the Salvages 
no sooner perceived, but away they fled, esteeming their 
heeles for their best advantage. 

That night, we sent to the fort Master Crashaw and 
Master Foard (evidently in one of the barges] ; who, in the mid- 
way betweene Wevawocomoco and the fort, met 4 or 5. of the 
Dutch mens confederates going to Powhatan : the which (to 
excuse those gentlemens Suspition, of their running to the 
Salvages) returned to the fort, andthere continued [f. 150]. 

The Salvages hearing our barge depart in the night, 
were so terriblie afraide that we [had] sent for more men 
(we having so much threatned their ruine, and the rasing 
of their houses, boats, and canowes), that the next day the 
King [Opechancanough] sent our Captaine a chaine of pearle 
to alter his purpose and stay his men; promising, though 
they wanted themselues, to fraught our ship, and to bring 
it abo[a]rd to avoid suspition: so that, 5 or 6 daies after, 
(74) from al parts of the countrie within ro or 12 miles, 
in the extreame cold frost and snow, they brought vs 
provision on their naked backes. 

Yet notwithstanding this kindnesse and trade, had their 
art and poison bin sufficient, the President with Master 
West and some others had been poysoned. It made them 
sicke but expelled it selfe. 

Wecuttanow, a stout yong fellow, knowing hee was 
suspected for bringing this present of poison, with 4o or 
50. of his choice companions, seeing the President with 
but a few men at Pontavncat, so prowdlie braved it, as 
though he expected to incounter a revenge. Which the 
President perceiving, in the midst of his companie, did not 
onlie beat, but spurned him like a dogge, as scorning to 
doe him any worse mischiefe: wherevpon all of them fled 
into the woods, thinking they had done a great matter to 
haue so well escaped; and the townsmen remaining 

Io 


145 
[1609] 


[ 2. 462.] 


A chaine of 
pearle sent 
to obtaine 
peace. 


The 
President 
Poysoned. 


The 
offender 
punished 


146 The proceedings and accidents lw. 


[1609] presentlie fraughted our barge, to bee rid of our companies, 
framing manie excuses to excuse Wecuttanow, being son to 
their chiefe king but Powhatan, and told vs if we would 
shew them him that brought the poyson, they would 
deliver him to vs to punish as wee pleased. 

Men maie thinke it strange there should be this stir for 
a little corne: but had it been gold with more ease wee 
might haue got it; and had it wanted, the whole colonie 

(4.4631 had starved. We maie be thought verie patient to indure 
all those iniuries. Yet onlie with fearing them, we got 
what they had: whereas if we had taken revenge, then by 
their losse, we should haue lost our selufe]s. 

We searched also the countries of Youghtanund and [75} 

The Salvage Mattapamient, where the people imparted what little 

poverty. they had with such complaints and tears from women and 
children, as he had bin too cruell to be a Christian that 
would not haue bin satisfied and moved with compassion. 

But had this happened in October, November, and 
December, when that vnhappie discoverie of Monacan 
was made; wee might haue fraughted a ship of 40 tuns, 
and twice as much might haue bin had from the rivers of 
Toppahannock, Patawomeck, and Pawtuxunt. 

The maine occasion of our temporizing with the Sal- 
vages was to part friends, as we did, to giue the lesse 
cause of suspition to Powhatan to fly: by whom we now 
returned, with a purpose to haue surprised him and his 
provision. For effecting whereof, when we came against 
the towne, the President sent Master Wiffin and Master Coe 
a shore, to discover and make waie for his intended project. 


The But they found that those damned Dutchman had 
Dutchmen caused Powhatan to abandon his new house and werawo- 
hurt. comoco, and to carrie awaie all his corne and provision: 


and the people, they found, by their means, so ill affected, 
that had they not stood well vpon their guard, they had 
hardlie escaped with their liues. 

So the President finding his intention thus frustrated, 
and that there was nothing now to be had, and therefore 
an vnfit time to revenge their abuses, helde on his course 
for James Towne: we having in this lornie (for 251[bs.] of 
copper [and] 5ol[bs.] of Iron and beads) kept 40 men 6. 
weekes [t.¢., from 29 Dec. 1608 to about 8 Feb. 1609) ; 


= A. Todkill. | with the second supply in Virginia. 


and dailie feasted with bread, corne, flesh, fish, and 
fowle. Everie man having for his reward (and in considera- 
tion of his commodities) a months provision, no trade 
being allowed but for the store ; and we [76] delivered at 
Iames Towne to the Cape Marchant, 279 bushels of corne. 


Those temporall proceedings, to some maie seeme too 
charitable, to such a dailie daring trecherous people; to 
others vnpleasant that we washed not the ground with 
their blouds, nor shewed such strange inventions in 
mangling, murdering, ransaking, and destroying (as did 
the Spaniards) the simple bodies of those ignorant soules; 
nor delightful, because not stuffed with relations of heaps 
and mines of gold and siluer, nor such rare commodities 
as the Portugals and Spaniards found in the East and 
West Indies. The want wherof hath begot vs, that were 
the first vndertakers, no lesse scorne and contempt, than 
their noble conquests and valiant aduentures (beautified 
with it), praise and honor. Too much, I confesse, the world 
cannot attribute to their ever memorable merit. And to 
cleare vs from the worlds blind ignorant censure, these 
fewe words may suffise to any reasonably vnderstanding. 

It was the Spaniards good hap to happen in those parts 
where were infinite numbers of people, whoe had manured 
the ground with that providence that it afforded victuall 
at all times; and time had brought them to that perfec- 
tion [that] they had the vse of gold and silver, and [of] 
the most of such commodities as their countries affoorded: 
so that what the Spaniard got was only the spoile and 
pillage of those countrie people, and not the labours of 
their owne hands. 

But had those fruitfull Countries beene as Salvage, as 
barbarous, as ill-peopled, as little planted laboured and 
manured, as Virginia; their proper labours, it is likely 
would haue [77] produced as small profit as ours, But 
had Virginia bin peopled, planted, manured, and adorned 
with such store of pretious Iewels and rich commodities 
as was the Indies: then, had we not gotten and done as 
much as by their examples might bee expected from vs, 
the world might then haue traduced vs and our merits, 


147 
[1609] 


[p 464.) 


(1609) 


LA. 455-] 


The proceedings and accidents [». ree 


A. Todkill. 
and haue made shame and infamy our recompence and 
reward. . 

But we chanced in a lande, even as God made it. 
Where we found only an idle, improvident, scattered 
people, ignorant of the knowledge of gold, or silver, or 
any commodities; and carelesse of anything but from hand 
to mouth, but for ba[ujbles of no worth; nothing to 
encourage vs but what accidentally wee found nature 
afforded. Which ere wee could bring to recompence our 
paines, defray our charges, and satisfie our adventurers ; 
we were to discover the country, subdue the people, bring 
them to be tractable civil and industrious, and teach them 
trades that the fruits of their labours might make vs 
recompence, or plant such colonies of our owne that must 
first make provision how to liue of themselues ere they 
can bring to perfection the commodities of the countrie: 
which doubtless will be as commodious for England as 
the west Indies for Spaine, if it be rightly managed; not- 
withstanding all our home-bred opinions that will argue 
the contrarie, as formerly such like haue done against the 
Spaniards and Portugals. 

But to conclude, against all rumor of opinion I only 
say this for those that the three first yeares began this plan- 
tation : notwithstanding altheirfactions, mutenies, and mise- 
ries, so gently corrected [78] and well prevented, pervse 
the Spanish Decades, the relations of Master Hacklu(y]i ; 
and tell mee how many ever, with such smal meanes as a 
barge of 2 Tunnes, sometimes with 7. 8. 9, or but at most 
I5 men, did ever discover so many faire and navigable 
rivers, subiect so many severall kings people and nations 
to obedience and contribution, with so little bloud shed. 

And if in the search of those Countries, wee had hapned 
where wealth had beene, we had as surely had it, as 
obedience and contribution ; but if wee haue overskipped 
it, we will not envy them that shall chance to finde it. 
Yet can wee not but lament it was our ill fortunes to end, 
when wee had but only learned how to begin, and found 


the right course how to proceed. 


By Richard Wiffin, William Phettiplace, and 
Anas Todkill. 


- 


Powell. 


1 Toni with the second supply in Virginia. 


CHAPTER X. 


How the Salvages became subiect to the English 


(@& Hen the shippes departed [November, 1608], al 

Wy the provision of the store but that the Presi- 
dent had gotten, was so rotten with the last 

2yZA7) somers rain, and eaten with rats and wormes 
as the hogs would scarsely eat it; yet it was the souldiers 
diet till our returnes: so that wee found [79] nothing done, 
but victuall spent, and the most part of our tooles, and a 
good part of our armes convayed to the Salvages. 

But. now, casting vp the store [the discovery of the rotten- 
ness &c., of the corn m the casks was later on, sce p. 155), and 
finding sufficient till the next harvest, the feare of starving 
was abandoned: andthecompany [being] dividedintotennes, 
fifteenes, or as the businesse required, 4 houres each day 
was spent in worke, the rest in pastimes and merry exercise. 

But the vntowardnesse of the greatest number caused 
the President to make a generall assembly; and then he 
advised them as followeth. 

Countrimen, the long experience of our late miseries, 
I hope is sufficient to perswade every one to a present 
correction of himselfe; and thinke not that either my 
pains, or the adventurers purses, will ever maintaine 
you in idlenesse and sloth. I speake not this to you 
all; for diverse of you, I know, deserve both honor 
and reward better then is yet here to bee had; but 
the greater part must be more industrious, or starue. 
Howsoever you haue bin heretofore tolerated by the 
authoritie of the Councell from that I haue often 
commanded you: yet seeing nowe the authoritie 
resteth wholiy in my selfe, you must obay this for a 
law, that he that will not worke, shall not eate, 
except by sicknesse he be disabled. or the labours 
of 30 or 40 honest and industrious men shall not bee 
consumed to maintaine 150 idle varlets. Now though 
you presume the authoritie here is but a shaddow, 
and that I dare not touch the liues of any but my own 


149 


[1609] 


[A. 466.) 


The Presi- 
dents advise 
to the 
company. 


{This 
speech was 
evidently 
made after 
the death of 
the last sur- 
viving mem- 
ber of the 
Council, 
Captain 
Winne, 

see p. 157. 
E. A.J 


150 


[1609] 


[B. 467.] 


The Dutch- 
mens plot to 
murder 

Capt. Smith. 


Suith 
taketh the 
hing of 
Paspaheigh 
prisoner 


The proceedings and accidents Hs ely 


must answer it; the letters patents each week shall 
be read [to] you, whose contents will tell you the 
contrary. I would wish you therefore, without con- 
tempt, seeke to obserue these orders [80] set downe; for 
there are now no more Councells to protect you, nor 
curbe my indeauors. Therefore hee that offendeth, 
let him assuredly expect his due punishment. 

Hee made also a table [wotice board) as a publike 
memoriall of every mans deserts, to encourage the good, 
and with shame to spurne on the rest to amendment. By 
this, many became very industrious: yet more by severe 
punishment performed their businesse; for all were so 
tasked, that there was no excuse could prevail todeceiue him. 


Yet the Dutchmens consorts so closely still convaife]d 
powder, shot, swords, and tooles; that though we could 
find the defect, we could not find by whom it was occa- 
sioned, till it was too late. 

All this time, the Dutchmen remaining with Powhatan, 
received them, instructing the Salvages[in] theirvse. But 
their consorts not following them as they expected [f. 145], 
to know the cause, they sent Francis their companion, a 
stout young fellow, disguised Salvage like, to the glasse- 
house, a place in the woods neere a myle from Iames Towne, 
where was the randavus for all their vnsuspected villany. 

40 men, they procured of Powhatan to lie in Ambuscadoe 
for Captaine Smith; who no sooner heard of this Dutch- 
man, but hee sent to apprehend him. 

Who found he was gon[e]; yet to crosse his returne to 
Powhatan, Captaine Smith presently dispatched 20 shot 
after him. And then returning but from the glasse-house 
alone, hee incountred the King of Paspaheigh, a most 
strong stout Salvage ; whose perswasions not being able 
to perswade him to his ambush, seeing him only armed 
but with a fauchion, attempted to haue shot him. But 
the President prevented his shot [81] by grapling with 
him ; and the Salvage as well prevented him from drawing 
his fauchion, and perforce bore him into the river to haue 
drowned him. Long they struggled in the water, from 
whence the king perceiving two of the Poles vpon the 
sandes, would haue fled: but the President held him by 


1N. Powell. 


1A. Toda, with the second supply in Virginia. 


the haire and throat til the Poles came in. Then seeing 
howe pittifully the poore Salvage begged his life, they con- 
ducted him prisoner to the fort. 

The Dutchman ere long was also brought in, whose 
villany (though all this time it was suspected), yet he 
fained such a formall excuse that for want of language 
[t.e., Dutch], Win[ne] had not rightly vnderstood them: 
and for their dealings with Powhatan, that to saue their 
liues, they were constrained to accommodate [him with] 
his armes ; of whome he extreamely complained to haue 
detained them perforce, and that hee made his escape with 
the hazard of his life, and meant not to haue returned but 
only walked in the woods to gather walenuts. 

Yet for all this faire tale, there was so smal appearance 
of truth, hee went by the heeles [was put in irons). 

The king also he put in fetters, purposing to regaine the 
Dutch-men, by the saving [of] his life. 

The poore Salvage did his best, by his daily messengers 
to Powhatan, but all returned that the Dutchmen would 
not return: neither did Powhatan stay them; and [to] 
bring them fiftie myles on their backes [7.e., overland from 
Ovapaks], they were not able. Daily this kings wiues 
children and people came to visit him with presents, which 
hee liberally bestowed to make his peace. Much trust 
they had in the Presidents promise: but the king finding 
his g[ujJard negligent, though fettered yet escaped. 

Captain Wi thinking to pursue [82] him, found such 
troopes of Salvages to hinder his passages, as they ex- 
changed many volies of shot for flights of arrowes. 

Captaine Smith hearing of this, in returning to the fort, 
tooke two Salvages prisoners: the one called Kemps, the 
other Kinsock; the two most exact villaines in the countrie. 

With those, Captaine Win and 50 chosen men attempted 
that night to haue regained the king, and revenged his 
iniurie. 

And so had done, if he had followed his directions, or 
bin advised by those two villaines (that would haue 
betraied both their king and kindred for a peece of 
copper); but hee trifling away the night, the Salvages, 
the next morning by the rising of the sunne, braved him 
[to] come a shore to fight. A good time both sides let flie 


151 
[1609} 


(p. 468.) 


152 


[1609] 


The 
Saluages 
desire peace. 


[A. 469.] 


Ocanindge 
his Oration. 


(i N. Powell. 


The proceedings and accidents 


at other; but wee heard of no hurt. Only they tooke two 
Canows, burnt the kings house; and so returned. 

The President fearing those bravadoes would but in- 
courage the Salvages, begun himself to trie his conclu- 
sions; whereby 6 or 7 Salvages were slaine, [and] as 
many made prisoners. [He] burnt their houses; tooke 


their boats with all their fishing weares, and planted them 


at Iames Towne for his owne vse: and now resolved not 
to cease till he had revenged himselfe vpon al that had 
iniured him. 

But in his iourney, passing by Paspaheigh towards 
Chickahamina, the Salvages did their best to draw him to 
their ambuscadoes: but seeing him regardlesly passe their 
Countrey, all shewed themselues in their bravest manner, 
to trie their valours. He could not but let flie, and erehe - 
could land, the Salvages no sooner knewe him, but they 
threw downe their armes and desired peace. Their Orator 
was a stout young man [83] called Ocanindge; whose 
worthie discourse deserveth to be remembered. And this 
it was. 

Captaine Smith, my master is here present in this 
company, thinking it Captaine Win, and not you; 
and of him, hee intended to haue beene revenged, 
having never offended him. If hee haue offended you 
in escaping your imprisonment, the fishes swim, the 
fowles flie, and the very beastes striue to escape the 
snare and liue: then blame not him being a man. 
Hee would entreat you remember your being a 
prisoner [. 16], what paines he tooke to saue your life. 
If since he hath iniured you, he was compelled to it ; 
but, howsoever, you haue revenged it with our too 
great losse. We perceiue and well knowe you intend 
to destroy vs, that are here to intreat and desire your 
friendship, and to enjoy our houses and plant our 
fields, of whose fruit you shall participate: otherwise 
you will haue the worst by our absence. For we can 
plant any where, though with more labour; and we 
know you cannot liue if you want our haruest and 
that reliefe wee bring you. If you promise vs peace, 
we will beleeue you; if you proceed in reveng[e], we 
will abandon the Countrie. 


A. Todkill. ~ 


?N. Powell. 
IA 


Seer with the second supply in Virginia. 


Vpon these tearmes the President promised them peace 
till they did vs iniury, vpon condition they should bring in 
provision. So all departed good friends, and so continued 
till Smith left the Countrie. 

Ariving at James Towne, complaint was made to the 
President that the Chickahaminos, who al this while con- 


tinued trade and seemed our friendes, by colour thereof 7; 


were the only theeues; and amongst other things, a pistol 
beingstolne and the theefe fled, there [84] were apprehended 
2 proper young fellows that were brothers, knowne to be his 
confederat [e]s. 

Now to regain this pistoll, the one we imprisoned ; the 
other was sent, to returne againe within 12 houres, or his 
brother to be hanged. Yet the President pittying the 
poore naked Salvage in the dungeon, sent him victuall and 
some charcole for fire. 

Ere midnight his brother returned with the pistoll: but 
the poore Salvage in the dungeon was so smothered with 
the smoke he had made, and so pittiously burnt that wee 
found him dead. The other most lamentably bewailed his 
death, and broke forth in such bitter agonies, that the 
President, to quiet him, told him that if hereafter they 
would not steal, he wo[u]ld make him aliue againe: but [he] 
little thought hee could be recovered. Yet we doing our 
best with aquavite and vineger, it pleased God to restore 
him againe to life: but so drunke and affrighted that he 
seemed lunaticke, not vnderstanding any thing hee spoke 
or heard; the which as much grieved and tormented the 
other, as before to see him dead. Of which maladie, vpon 
promise of their good behaviour afterward, the President 
promised to recover him; and so caused him to be laid by 
a fire to sleepe: who in the morning, hauing well slept, 
had recovered his perfect senses. 

And then being dressed of his burning, and each a 
peece of copper given them; they went away so well 
contented, that this was spread amongst all the Salvages 
for a miracle, that Captaine Smith could make a man aliue 
that is dead. 

These and many other such pretty accidents so amazed 
and affrighted both Powhatan and all his people, that 
from all parts with presents they desired peace; [85] 


oe) 
[1609] 


A Saluage 
smothered 
at lames 


recovered. 


[2. 470.] 


154 The proceedings and accidents ion 


[1609] returning many stolne things which wee neither demaunded 
nor thought of. And after that, those that were taken 
stealing, both Powhatan and his people haue sent them 
backe to Iames Towne to receiue their punishment; and 
all the countrie became absolutely as free for vs, as for 
themselues. 


a\Ve 


(A. 471.J CHAPTER a 


What was done in three monthes hauing victuall. 
The store devoured by vats. How we lived 
3 monthes of such naturall frutts as 
the countrie afforded. 


> OW wee so quietly followed our businesse that 


More done 2, J in 3 monthes, we made 3 or 4 Last of pitch, 

oe A ) and tarre, and sope ashes; produced a triall 
ful Ur . 

yeares. tsi S2 of glasse; made a well in the forte of ex- 


cellent sweete water, which till then was wanting; built 
some 20 houses; re-couered our Church ; provided nets 
and weares for fishing ; and to stop the disorders of our 
disorderly theeues and the Salvages, built a blocke house 
in the necke of our Ile, kept by a garrison, to entertaine 
the Salvages trade, and none to passe or repasse, Salvage 
nor Christian, without the Presidents order; 30 or 40 
acres of ground, we digged and planted; of 3 sowes, in 
one yeare increased 60 and od{d] pigges; and neere 500 
chickens brought vp themselues, without hauing any 
meate giuen them: but the hogges were transported to 

Hog Ile, where also [86] we built a blocke house, with a 
garrison, to giue vs notice of any shipping; and for 
their exercise, they made clapbord, wainscot, and cut 
downe trees against the ships comming. 

We built also a fort for a retreat, neare a convenient 
river, vpon a high commanding hill, very hard to be 
assaulted, and easie to be defended: but ere it was halfe 
finished, this defect caused a stay. 

In searching our casked corne, wee found it halfe rotten: 


1N. Powell. 
1A 


“Toakall with the second supply in Virginia. 


and the rest so consumed with the many thousand rats, 
increased first from the ships, that we knewe not how to 
keepe that little wee had. This did driue vs all to our 
wits ende; for there was nothing in the countrie but 
what nature afforded. 

Vntill this time Kemps and Tassore were fettered prisoners, 
and daily wrought; and taught vs how to order and plant 
our fields: whom now, for want of victuall, we set at libertie; 
but so wel were they vsed, that they little desired it. 

And to express their loues, for 16 daies continuance, 
the Countrie brought vs (when least) 100 a daie of 
squirrils, Turkies, Deare, and other wilde beastes. But 
this want of corne occasioned the end of all our workes, it 
being worke sufficient to provide victuall. 

60 or 80 with Ensigne Laxon were sent downe the 
river to liue vpon oysters: and 20 with leiftenant Percie 
to trie for fishing at point Comfort, but in 6 weekes, they 
would not agree once to cast out their net. Master West, 
with as many, went vp to the falles; but nothing could 
bee found but a fewe berries and acornes. Of that in the 
store, every one had their equall proportion. 

Till this present, by the hazard and endeavour of 
some 30 or 40, this whole number had ever been fed. 
Wee had more Sturgeon then [87] could be devoured by 
dogge and man; of which, the industrious by drying and 
pownding, mingled with caviare, sorrel and other wholsome 
hearbs, would make bread and good meate. Others would 
gather as much Tockwough roots in a day as would make 
them bread a weeke. So that of those wilde fruites, fish, 
and berries these lived very well, in regard of such a diet. 

But such was the most strange condition of some 150, 
that had they not beene forced nolens volens perforce to 
gather and prepare their victuall, they would all haue 
starved, and haue eaten one another. Of those wild 
fruites, the Salvages often brought vs: and for that the 
President would not fulfill the vnreasonable desire of 
those distracted lubberly gluttons, to sell not only our 
kettles, howes, tooles, and Iron, nay swords, peeces, and 
the very ordenance and houses (might they haue pre- 
vailed but to haue beene but idle) for those salvage 
fruits, they would haue imparted all to the Salvages. 


155 
[1609] 


[. 472.) 


The pains 
of 40 fed 
150. 


156 The proceedings and accidents Bese 


[1609] Especially for one basket of corne they heard of to bee at 
Powhatans, 50 myles from our fort: though he bought 
neere halfe of it to satisfie their humours; yet to haue 

Tisir desire had the other halfe, they would haue sold their soules, 

themselues. though not sufficient to haue kept them a weeke. Thou- 
sands were their exclamations, suggestions, and devises 
to force him to those base inventions, to haue made it 
an occasion to abandon the Countrie. 

Want perforce constrained him to indure their ex- 
claiming follies, till he found out the author, one Dyer 

[44731  [p. 168], a most craftie knaue, and his ancient maligner ; 
whom he worthely punished: and with the rest, he argued 
the case, in this manner, [88) 


Fellow souldiers, I did little thinke any so false to 

residents rs 

speech to the report, or so many so simple to be perswaded, that I 
VORES. 


either intend to starue you; or that Powhatan at this 
present hath corne for himselfe, much lesse for you; or 
that I would not haue it, if I knewe where it were to be 
had. Neither did I thinke any so malitious as nowe I 
see a great many: yet it shall not so much passionate 
me, but I will doe my best for my worst maligner. But 
dreame no longer of this vaine hope from Powhatan ; 
nor that I wil longer forbeare to force you from your 
Idlenesse, and punish you if you raile. You cannot 
deny but that by the hazard of my life, many a time 
I haue saued yours; when (might your owne wils 
haue prevailed) you would haue starved, and will doe 
still whether I will or no. But I protest by that God 
that made me, since necessitie hath not power to 
force you to gather for your selu[e]s those fruits the 
earth doth yeeld; you shall not only gather for your 
selues, but for those that are sicke. As yet I never 
had more from the store then the worst of you, and 
all my English extraordinarie provision that I haue 
[1.¢., his private stock], you shall see mee devide among 
the sick. 

And this Salvage trash you so scornfully repine 
at, being put in your mouthes, your stomacks can 
digest it; and therefore I wiil take a course you 
shall provide it. The sicke shal not starue, but 
equally share of all our labours; and every one that 


Dinatiovs with the second supply in Virginia. 


gathereth not every day as much as! doe, the next 
daie, shall be set beyond the river, and for ever bee 
banished from the fort: and liue there or starue. 


This order, many murmured, was very cruell. But it 
caused the most part so well [to] bestir themselues that 
{89} of 200 men (except they were drowned), there died not 
past 7 or 8. 


As for Captaine Win and Master Ley, they died ere this 
want happened: and the rest died not for want of such as 
preserued the rest. 


Many were billitted among the Salvages, whereby we 
knewe all their passages, fieldes, and habitations; how to 
gather and vse their fruits as well as themselues. 

So well those poore Salvages vsed vs, that were thus 
Billited, as divers of the souldiers ran away, to search 
Kemps our old prisoner. Glad was this Salvage to haue 
such an occasion to testifie his loue, for insteed of enter- 
taining them and such things as they had stolne, with all 
the great offers and promises they made them (to revenge 
their iniuries vpon Captaine Smith): First, he made him- 
selfe sport, in shewing his countrymen, by them, how he 
was vsed; feeding them with this law, who would not 
worke must not eat, till they were neere starved; continu- 
allie threatning to beate them to death. Neither could 
they get from him, til perforce he brought them to our 
Captaine, that so we contented him, and punished them; as 
manie others that intended also to haue followed them, 
were rather contented to labour at home ‘then adventure 
to liue Idle among the Salvages : of whom there was more 
hope to make better christians and good subiects, then 
the one halfe of those that counterfeited themselues both. 

For so afeard were all those kings and the better sorte 
of their people to displease vs, that some of the baser sort 
that we haue extreamelie hurt and punished for their vil- 
lanies, would hire vs, that we should not tell it to their 
kings or countrymen, who would also repunish (90) them, 
and yet returne them to Iames Towne to content the 
President, by that testimonie of their loues. 


157 
[1609] 


But 7 of 209 
died ing 
months. 


(A. 474) 


The 
Salvages 
returne on' 
Sugitiues. 


158 The proceedings and accidents Bree 

[1609] Master Sicklemore well returned from Chawonock, but 
found little hope and lesse certainetie of them [that] were 
left by Sir Walter Rawley [in 1587]. So that Nathaniel 

t¢-47s1 Powell and Anas Todkill were also, by the Quiyough- 

Search for quohanocks, conducted to the Mangoages to search them 

a there. . But nothing could we [evidently Powell and Todkill 

Rawley aye the writers of this part of this Work] learne but they 
were all dead. 


This honest, proper, good promis[e]-keeping king, of all 
the rest, did euer best affect vs, and though to his false 
Gods he was yet very zealous ; yet he would confesse, our 
God as much exceeded his, as our guns did his bowe and 
arrowes: often sending our President manie presents to 
praie to his God for raine, or his corne would perish ; for 
his Gods were angrie all this time. 


To reclaime the Dutchmen, and one Bentley an other 
fugitiue, we imploied one William Volda (a Switzer by 
birth), with pardons and promises to regaine them. Li[t]tle 
we then suspected this double villanie of anie villain, who 
plainly taught vs, in the most trust was the greatest 
treason. For this wicked hypocrit{e], by the seeming 

The hate he bore to the lewd condition of his cursed countri- 

puummes men, hauing this opportunitie, by his imploiment to re- 
gaine them, conveighed them everie thing they desired to 
effect their proiect to destroie the colonie. 

With much devotion they expected the Sfanyard, to 
whom they intended to haue done good service. But to 
begin with the first op[p]ortunitie, they seeing necessitie 
thus inforced vs to disperse our selues, importuned 
Powhatan to lend them but his forces, and they would not 
onlie destroie our hogs, fire our towne, and betraie [91] 
our Pinnas: but bring to his service and subiection the 
most part of our companies. With this plot they had 
acquainted manie discontents [discontented |; and manie were 
agreed to their divelish practise. But Thomas Douese and 
Thomas Mallard, whose christian harts much relenting at 
such an vnchristian act, voluntarily reuealed it to Captaine 

(4.4761 Smith: who did his best it might be concealed, perswading 
Douese and Malard to proceed in the confederacie, onlie to 
bring the irrecla{ijmable Dutch men and inconstant Sal- 


eee with the second supply in Virginia. 


vages in such a maner amongst his ambuscadoes as he had 
prepared, as not manie of them shoulde ever haue returned 
from out [of] our peni[n]sula. 

But this bru[ijte comming to the ears of the impatient 
multitude, they so importuned the President to cut off] 
those Dutchmen, as amongst manie that offered to cut 
their throates before the face of Powhatan, Master Wiffin 
and Iefra Ab[bjot were sent to stab or shoot them. 

But these Dutch men made such excuses, accusing 
Volday (whom they supposed had revealed their project), as 
A bbot would not; yet Wiffin would, perceiving it but deceipt. 

The king vnderstanding of this their imploiment, sent 
presentlie his messengers to Captaine Smith to signifie it 
was not his fault to detaine them, nor hinder his men 
from executing his command; nor did he, nor would he 
maintaine them or anie, to occasion his displeasure. 

But ere this busines was brought to a point, God 
having seene our misery sufficient, sent in Captaine Argall 
to fish for Sturgion, with a ship well furnished with wine 
and bisket; which, though it was not sent vs, such were 
our occasions we tooke it at a price: but left him sufficient 
to [92] returne for England. Still dissembling Valdo 
his villany; but certainlie hee had not escaped, had the 
President continued. 


By this you may see, for all those crosses, treacheries, 
and dissentions ; howe he wrastled and overcame (without 
bloud shed) all that hapned: also what good was done, how 
few died, what food the country naturally affordeth ; what 
small cause there is men should starue, or be murdered 
by the Salvages, that haue discretion to manage this [thei] 
courage and industry. 

The 2. first years though by his adventures he had oft 
brought the Salvages to a tractable trade, yet you see how 
the envious authority ever crossed him, and frustrated his 
best endeavours. Yet this wrought in him that experience 
and estimation among the Salvages, as otherwaies it had 
bin impossible he had ever effected that he did. 

Though the many miserable yet generous and worthy 
adventures he had long and oft indured as wel in some 


159 
[1609] 


Two gentie- 
men sent te 
%ill them 


(A. 508.] 


(p. 477-1 
Wote these 


incon~ 
Ueniences. 


160 


[1609] 


{ A. 478.] 


?N. Powell. 


The second supply in Virginia. 2A. Todkill. 


parts of Africa and America, as in the most partes of 
Europe and Asia, by land or sea, had taught him much: 
yet, in this case, he was againe to learne his Lecture by 
experience; which with thus much a doe having obtained, 
it was his ill chance to end when hee had but onlie learned 
how to begin. 

And though hee left these vnknowne difficulties (made 
easie and familiar) to his vnlawfull successors ; whoe onlie 
by living in Iames Towne, presumed to know more then 
al the world could direct them; though they had all his 
souldiers, with their triple power, and twise triple better 
meanes: by what they haue done in his absence, the world 
doth see; and what they would haue done in his (93) 
presence, had he not prevented their indiscretions—it doth 
lustlie approue what cause he had to send them for 
England. 

But they haue made it more plaine since their returne: 
having his absolute authoritie freely in their power, with 
all the advantages and opportunity that his labours had 
effected. As I [? A. Todkill] am sorry their actions haue 
made it so manifest, so am I vnwilling to say what reason 
doth compell me to make apparant the truth, least I 
should seeme partial, reasonlesse, or malitious. 


Citar ik xX 113 


The Ar{r\wval of the third supply. 


O redresse those iarres and ill proceed- 
ings, the Councell in England altered 
the governement: and devolved the 
authoritie to the Lord De-la-ware, Who 

» for his deputie, sent Sir Thomas Gates 

< and Sir Georye Somers. 

y With g ships and 500 persons, they 

set saile from England in May 1609. A 

small catch Gea at sea in a Herycano. The Admiral 

[flagship], with 150 men, with the two knights and their 

new commission, their bils of loading with al manner of 

directions, and the most part of their provision, ar[rJived 

not. With the other 7, as Captaines, ar[rlived Rat[clliffe 7; 

(whose right name was Sickelmore), Martin, and Archer: 

who as they had been troublesome at sea, beganne againe 

to marre all ashore. 

For though, as is said [pp. 105, 107, 408, 411, 444], they 
were formerly deposed and sent for England: yet now 
[94] returning againe, graced by the title of Captaines of 
the passengers, seeing the admirall [flagship] wanting, and 
great probabilitie of her losse, strength[e]ned themselues 
with those newe companies, so railing and exclaiming 
[to them] against Captaine Smith, that they mortally 
hated him ere ever they see his face. 

Who vnderstanding by his scouts, the ar[rJivall of such 
a fleet, little dreaming of any such supply, supposing them 
Spaniards, hee so determined and ordered his affaires as 
wee little feared their ar[rjivall, nor the successe of our 
II 


& 4705 


[1609] 


The 
alteration 
of the 


gouerne- 
ment. 


(A. 479] 


The loss of 
Virginia. 


(pp. xciv, 


xcviii.] 


162 
[1609] 


The 
Salvages 
Le, to 

ght under 
our coulors. 


Mutinie. 


[p. 480.) 


(4. 481.] 
The plant- 
ing [a/} 
ansa- 
mund. 
A planta- 
tion at the 
Jalles. 


° s R. P 
The proceedings and accidents 1 W. Phettiplace. 


incounter: nor were the Salvages any way negligent o1 
vnwilling to aide and assist vs with their best power. 

Had it so beene, wee had beene happy. For we would 
not haue trus[t]ed them but as our foes; whereas receiving 
those as our countriemen and friends, they did their best 
to murder our President [f. 166], to surprise the store, the 
fort, and our lodgings; to vsurp the governement, and 
make vs all their servants, and slaues to our owne merit. 

To 1000 mischiefes these lewd Captaines [Raécliffe, Gc.] 
led this lewd company, wherein were many vnruly gallants 
packed thether by their friends to escape il destinies: and 
those would dispose and determine of the governement, 
sometimes one [way], the next day another, to day the old 
commission, to morrow the new, the next day by neither. 
In fine, they would rule all or ruine all. Yet in charitie, we 
must endure them thus to destroy vs; or by correcting their 
follies, haue brought the worlds censure vpon vs, to haue 
beene guiltie of their bloods. Happy had we bin had they 
never arrived, and we for ever abandoned and (as we were) 
left to our fortunes: for on earth was never more confusion 
or miserie then their factions occasioned. [95] 

The President seeing the desire those braues had to rule, 
seeing how his authoritie was so vnexpectedly changed, 
would willingly haue left all and haue returned for Eng- 
land: but seeing there was smal hope this newe commis- 
sion would ar[rjiue, longer hee would not suffer those 
factious spirits to proceed. 

It would bee too tedious, too strange, and almost 
incredible, should [ particularly relate the infinite dangers, 
plots, and practises hee daily escaped amongst this 
factious crue; the chiefe whereof he quickly laid by the 
heeles, til his leasure better served to doe them iustice. 
And to take away al occasions of further mischiefe, Master 
Persie had his request granted, to returne for England: 
and Master West with 120 went to plant at the falles; 
Martin with neare as many to Nansamund; with their due 
proportions of all provisions, according to their numbers. 


Now the Presidents yeare being neere expired, he made 
Martin President : who knowing his own insufficiencie; and 
the companies scorne, and conceit of his vnworthinesse ; 


tW.Phettipies| wth the third supply in Virginia. 


within 3 houres, [he] resigned it againe to Captane Smith: 
and at Nansamund thus proceeded. 

The people being contributers vsed him kindly. Yet 
such was his iealous feare and cowardize, in the midst of 
his mirth, hee did surprize this poore naked king, with his 
monuments, houses, and the Ile he inhabited; and there 
fortified himselfe, but so apparantly distracted with fear as 
imboldned the Salvages to assaju]lt him, kill his men, 
redeeme their king, gather and carrie away more then 
1000 bushels of corne, hee not once daring to intercept 
them: but sent to the President, then at the Falles, for 30 
good shotte, which from James [96] towne immediat[e]ly 
weresent him. But hee so well imploid them, as they did 
iust nothing; but returned, complaining of his childish- 
nesse, that with them fled from his company [the 120], and 
so left them to their fortunes. 


Master West hauing seated his men at the Falles, pre- 
sently returned to revisit James Towne. The President 
met him by the way, as he followed him to the falles: 
where he found this company so inconsiderately seated in 
a place, not only subiect to the rivers invndation, but 
round invironed with many intollerable inconveniences. 

For remedy whereof, he sent presently to Powhatan, to 
sell him the place called Powhatan, promising to defend him 
against the Monacans, and these should be his conditions. 

[He] with his people, to resigne him the fort and 
houses and all that countrie for a proportion of copper. 
That all stealing offenders should bee sent him, there 
to receiue their punishment. That every house asa 
custome should pay him a bushell of corne for an inch 
square of copper, and a proportion of Pocones asa 
yearely tribute to King James for their protection, as 
a dutie: what else they could spare, to barter at their 
best discreation. 

But both this excellent place and those good conditions 
did those furies refuse, contemning both him, his kind 
care, and authoritie. The worst they could to shew their 
spite, they did. I doe more then wonder to thinke how 
only with 5 men, he either durst, or would adventure as 
he did (knowing how greedy they were of his blood) to land 


163 
[1609] 


The breach 
of peace 
with the 
Salvages. 


Powhatan 
sold for 
copper. 


[. 482.] 


Mutinies. 


5 suppress 
120. 


164 
[1609] 


The breach 
2 peace 


with the 
Salvages at 
the Faiis. 


[p. 483-3 


As assault 
the 
Salsages. 


. . 7R. Pots. 
The proceedings and accrdents 1 W. Phoniplace. - 


amongst them, and commit to imprisonment the greatest 
spirits amongst them, till by their multitudes, being 120, 
they forced him to retire. [97] Yet in that retreate, hee 
surprised one of the boates, wherewith hee returned to 
their shippe wherein was their provisions, which also hee 
tooke. And well it chaunced hee found the marriners so 
tractable and constant, or there had beene small possibility 
he had ever escaped. 


Notwithstanding there were many of the best, I meane 
of the most worthy in Iludgement, reason, or experience, 
that from their first landing, hearing the generall good 
report of his old souldiers, and seeing with their eies his 
actions so wel managed with discretion (as Captaine Wood, 
Captaine Web, Captaine Mone, Captaine Phitz-Iames, 
Master Partridge, Master White, Master Powell, and divers 
others): when they perceived the malice and condition of 
Rat{[clliffe, Martin, and Archer, left their factions, and ever 
rested his faithfull friends. 

But the worst was, the poore Salvages that dailie 
brought in their contribution to the President. That 
disorderlie company so tormented those poore naked soules, 
by stealing their corne, robbing their gardens, beating 
them, breaking their houses, and keeping some prisoners, 
that they dailie complained to Captaine Smith he had 
brought them for protectors worse enimies then the 
Monocans themselues: which though till then, for his loue, 
they had indured, they desired pardon, if hereafter they 
defended themselues, since he would not correct them, as 
they had long expected he would. So much they impor- 
tuned him to punish their misdemeano[u]res, as they offered, 
if hee would conduct them, to fight for him against them. 

But having spent g. daies [Aug.—Sept. 1609] in seeking to 
reclaime them, shewing them how much they did abuse 
themselues (98) with their great guilded hopes of seas, 
mines, commodities, or victories they so madly conceiued ; 
then, seing nothing would prevaile with them, he set saile 
for James Towne. 


Now no sooner was the ship vnder saile, but the Salvages 
assaulted those 120 in their fort, finding some strag[gjling 
abroad in the woods, they slew manie; and so affrighted 


tW.Phetipce| with the third supply in Virginia. 


the rest as their prisoners escaped, and they scarse retired, 
with the swords and cloaks of these they had slaine. 

But ere we [Pots and Phettiplace were evidently with Smith 
here| had sailed a league, our shippe grounding, gaue vs 
once more libertie to summon them to a parlie. Where 
we found them all so strangelie amazed with this poore 
simple assault as they submitted themselues vpon anie 
tearmes to the Presidents mercie: who presentlie put by 
the heeles 6 or 7 of the chiefe offenders. 

The rest he seated gallantlie at Powhatan in their Salvage 
fort, [which] they [the Savages had] built and pretilie fortified 
with poles and barkes of trees sufficient to haue defended 
them from all the Salvages in Virginia, drie houses for 
lodgings, 300 acres of grounde readie to plant; and no place 
so strong, so pleasant and delightful in Virgima, for which 
we called it Nonsuch. 

The Salvages also he presentlie appeased, redelivering 
to every one their former losses. 

Thus al were friends, new officers appointed to command, 
and the President againe readie to depart. 

But at that instant arrived Master West, whose goodnature, 
with the perswasions [of] and compassion of [for] those 
mutinous prisoners, was so much abused, that to regaine 
their old hopes, new turboiles arcse. For the rest, being 
possessed of al their victuall, ammunition and everie thing ; 
they grow to that height in their former factions, as there 
the President [99] left them to their fortunes: they return- 
ing againe to the open aire at West Fort, abandonirg 
Nonsuch; and he to lames Towne with his best expedition. 


But this hapned him in that Iournie [about the beginning 
of September 1609]. Sleeping in his boat, for the ship was 
returned 2 daies before, accidentallie one fired his powder 
bag; which tore his flesh from his bodie and thighes 9g. or 
1o. inches square, in a most pittifull manner: but to quench 
the tormenting fire, frying him in his cloath[e]s, he leaped 
over board into the deepe river, where ere they could recover 
him, he was neere drown[e]d. In this estat[e], without 
either Chirurgeon or chirurgery, he was to go neare 100. 
miles [the distance by water from Powhatan to Fames Town]. 

Ar[rliving at James Towne, causing all things to bee 
prepared for peace or warres, [and] to obtain provision. 


165 
(1609) 


The 
planting of 
Nonsuch. 


New peace 
concluded. 


[p. 484. 


C. Smith 
blowne up 
with 
powder. 


° “4 ?R. P 
166 The proceedings and accidents qW. Phettiplace. 


[1609] Whilest those things were providing, Martin, Rat{clliffe, 
and Archer being to haue their trials, their guiltie con- 
sciences fearing a iust reward for their deserts, seeing the 
President vnable to stand, and neare bereft of his senses by 

A bloody reason of his torment ; they had plotted to haue murdered 

intent ‘him in his bed. But his hfelart did faile him [Coe or Dyer, 
see p.168], that should haue given fire tothat mercilesse pistol. 


So, not finding that course to be the best, they ioined 
togither to vsurp the governement, thereby to escape 
their punishment, and excuse themselues by accusing him. 

The President had notice of their proiects, the which to 
withstand, though his old souldiers importuned him but 
[to] permit them to take off] their heads that would 
resist his commaund; yet he would not permit them: but 
sent for the masters of the ships, and tooke order with 
them, for his returne for England. 


The Seeing there was neither chirurgeon nor chirurgery 
epee [100] in the fort to cure his hurt, and the ships to depart 
[4.485] the next daie; his commission to be suppressed, he knew 


not why; himselfe and souldiers to be rewarded, he knew 
not how; and a new commission graunted, they knew 
not to whom, the which so disabled that authority he 
had, as made them presume so oft to those mutinies and 
factions as they did. Besides so grievous were his wounds 
and so cruell his torment [that] few expected he could liue; 
[The only  norwas hee able to follow his businesse, to regaine what they 


legal mem- 


ber ofthe had lost, suppresse those factions, and range the countries 


thistme’ for provision as he intended, and well he knew in those 
Yuna” affaires his own actions and presence were as requisit[e] as 
revolt _-his experience and directions, which now could not be: he 
aw. went presently abo[a]rd, resolving there to appoint them 
governours, and to take order forthe mutinefe]rs and their 
confederates. Who seeing him gone, perswaded Master 
Persie to stay, and be their President: and within lesse 

then an howre was this mutation begun and concluded. 
For when the company vnderstood Smith would leaue 
them, and see the rest in Armes called Presidents and 
councellors; diuers began to fawne on those new com- 
manders, that now bent all their wits to get him [to] 


resigne them his commission. Who, after many salt and 


LW. Phetiplace,| Weth the third supply in Virginia. 


bitter repulses, that their confusion should not be attributed 
to him (for leaving the country without government and 
authority), having taken order to bee free from danger 


of their malice, he was not vnwilling they should steale it « 


from him, but never consented to deliver it to any. 

But had that vnhappy blast not hapned, he would 
quickly haue quallified the heate of [101] those humors 
and factions, had the ships but once left them and vs to 
our fortunes ; and haue made that provision from among the 
Salvagesas weneither feared Spanyard, Salvage, norfamine: 
nor would have left Virginia, nor our lawfull authoritie, but 
at as deare a price as we had bought it, and paid for it. 


What shall I say? but thus we lost him that, in all his 
proceedings, made Iustice his first guid[e], and experience 
his second; ever hating basenesse, sloth, pride, and 
indignitie more then any dangers; that never allowed more 
for himselfe then his souldiers with him; that vpon no 
danger, would send them where he would not lead them 
himselfe ; that would never see us want what he either 
had, or could by any meanes get vs; that would rather 
want then borrow, or starue then not pay; that loved 
actions more than wordes, and hated falshood and 
cous[e]nage worse then death; whose adventures were 
our liues, and whose losse our deathes. 

Leaving vs [4 Oct. 1609] thus, with 3 ships, 7 boates, com- 
modities ready to trade, the harvest newly gathered, ro 
weekes provision inthe store, 4goand odde persons, 24 peeces 
of ordinances, 300 muskets snaphanches and fire lockes, 
shot powder and match sufficient ; curats, pikes, swords, 
and moryons more then men; the Salvages their language 
and habitations wel knowne to 100 well trained and expert 
souldiers, nets for fishing, tooles of all sortes to worke, 
apparell to supply our wants, 6 mares and a horse, 5 or 600 
swine, as many hensand chicken, some goates, some sheep. 
What was brought or bread there remained. 


But they regarded nothing but from hand to mouth, to 
consume that we had. [They] tooke care for nothing [102], 
but to perfit some colourable complaints against Captaine 
Smith. For effecting whereof, 3 weekes longer [#.c., 13 Sept. 
to 4 Oct. 1609, see p. xcviii], they stayed the 6 ships till they 


167 
[1609] 
The causes 


why Smith 
left the 


[p. 486, 


168 The proceedings and accidents Frik elecey) 


[1609] could produce them. That time and charge might much 
better haue beene spent; but it su[ijted well with the rest 
of their discreations. 


Their Now all those Smith had either whipped, punished, or 

and profe any way disgraced, had free power and liberty to say or 

eganst him. sweare any thing; and from a whole armefull of their 
examinations this was concluded. 

The mutine[e]rs at the Falles complained he caused 
the Salvages [to] assa{u]lt them, for that hee would 
not revenge their losse (they being but 120, and he 5 
men and himselfe) : and this they proved by the oath 
of one hee had oft whipped for periurie and pilfering. 

The dutchmen that he had appointed to bee 
stab[be]d for their treacheries, swore he sent to poison 
them with rats baine. 

The prudent Councel that he would not submit him- 
selfe to their stolne authoritie. Coe [p. 146] and Dyer 
[pp. 156, 472] that should haue murdered him [. 166), 
were highly preferred for swearing they heard one say, 
he heard Powhatan say, that he heard a man say, if the 
king would not send that corne he had [f. 156], he 
should not long enioy his copper crowne, nor those 
robes he had sent him: yet those also swore hee 
might haue had corne for tooles but [he] would not. 
(The truth was, Smith had no such ingins as the King 
demanded, nor Powhatan any corne. Yet this argued 
he would starue them.) 

Others complained hee would not let them rest ir 
the fort (to starue), but forced them to the oyster 
banks, to liue or starue (as he liued himselfe). For 
though hee had of his owne private prouisions [103] 
sent from England, sufficient; yet hee gaue it all 
away to the weake and sicke: causing the most vn- 
toward (by doing as he did) to gather their food from 
the vnknowne parts of the rivers and woods, that they 
lived (though hardly), that otherwaies would haue 
starved ere they would haue left their beds, or at most 
the sight of James Towne, to haue got their own victuall. 

Some propheticall spirit calculated [that] hee had 
the Salvages in such subiection, hee would haue 


1W.Phettpce| wath the third supply in Virginia. 169 


made himselfe a king, by marrying Pocahontas, [1609] 
Powhatans daughter. (It is true she was the very Pocakontas 
Nomparell of his kingdome, and at most not past 13 72wistons 
or 14 yeares of age. Very oft shee came to our fort, 
with what shee could get for Captaine Smith; that 
ever loued and vsed all the Countrie well, but her 
especially he ever much respected: and she so well 
requited it, that when her father intended to haue 
surprized him, shee by stealth in the darke night came 
through the wild woods and told him of it [p. 455]. But 
her marriage could no way haue intitled him by any 
right to the kingdome, nor was it ever suspected hee 
had ever such a thought; or more regarded her, or 
any of them, than in honest reason and discreation 
he might. If he would, he might haue married her, 
or haue done what him listed; for there was none 
that could haue hindred his determination.) 

Some that knewe not any thing to say, the Councel 
instructed and advised what to sweare. So diligent 
they were in this businesse, that what any could re- 
member hee had ever done or said in mirth, or passion, 
by some circumstantiall oath it was applied to their 
fittest vse. Yet not past 8 or g could say much, and 
that nothing but circumstances which [104] all men 
did knowe was most false and vntrue. 

Many got their passes by promising in England to 
say much against him. 


[p. cxv.] 


I have presumed to say this much in his behalfe, for 
that I never heard such foule slanders so certainely be- 
leeued and vrged for truthes by many a hundred that doe 
still [1612] not spare to spread them, say them, and sweare 
them; that I thinke doe scarse know him though they meet 
him: nor haue they e[i]ther cause or reason but their wills, 
or zeale to rumor or opinion. 

For the honorable and better sort of our Virginian ad- 
venturers, I think they vnderstand it as I haue writ it. 
For instead of accusing him, I haue never heard any giue 
him a better report, then many of those witnesses them- 
selues that were sent home only to testifie against him. 


Richard Pots, VV. P{hettiplace] 


170 


The 
planting 
at point 
Comfort. 


(A. 497-] 


[P. 498. 


Ratlcluiffe 
slain by 


Powhatan. 


The proceedings and accidents [oPeitea by, 


Hen the ships departed [about 4 Oct. 1609], 
‘ C{aptain] Davis arived in a smal Pinnace with 
\ AY some 16 proper men more: to those were 
MAA added a company from James Towne vnder the 
command of Captaine Rat({c]liffe, to inhabit Point comfort. 
Martin and Master West hauing lost their boates, and 
neere halfe their men amongst the Salvages, were returned 
to Iames Towne; for the Salvages no sooner vnderstood of 
Captaine Smiths losse, but they all revolted, and did murder 
and spoile all they could incounter. 

Now were we all constrained to liue only of that which 
Smith had only for his owne company, for the rest had 
consumed their proportions. And now haue we 20 Presi- 
dents with all their appurtenances ; for Master Perste was 
so sicke he could not goe nor stand. 

But ere all was consumed, Master West and Rat(clliffe, 
each with a pinnace, and 30 or 40 men wel appointed, 
sought abroad to trade: how they carried the businesse 
I knowe not, but Rat{clliffe and his men were most([ly] 
slaine by Powhatan; those that escaped returned neare 
starved in the Pinnace. And Master West finding little 
better successe, set saile for England. 


Now wee all found the want of Captaine Smith, yea 
his greatest maligners could then curse his losse. Now 
for corne, provision, and contribution from the Salvages ; 
wee had nothing but mortal wounds with clubs and 
arrowes. As for our hogs, hens, goats, sheep, horse, or 
what lived; our commanders and officers did daily con- 
sume them: some small proportions (sometimes) we tasted, 
till all was devoured. Then swords, arrowes, peeces, or 
any thing we traded to the Salvages; whose bloody fingers 
were so imbrued in our bloods, that what by their crueltie, 
our Governours indiscreation, and the losse of our ships; 
of 500, within 6 months after [Oct. 1609—-May 1610] there 
remained not many more then 60. most miserable and 
poore creatures. It were to[o] vild to say what we 
endured: but the occasion was only our owne, for want of 
providence, industrie, and governement; and not the bar- 
rennesse and defect of the countrie, as is generally sup- 


Wa] wzth the third supply in Virginia. 
posed. For till then, in 3 yeares (for the numbers were 
landed [to] vs) we had never landed sufficient provision 
for 6 months: such a glutton is the sea, and such good 
fellowes the marriners, wee as little tasted of those great 
proportions for their provisions, as they of our miseries; 
that notwithstanding euer swaidand overruled the businesse. 
Though we did liue as is said, 3 yeares chiefly of what this 
good countrie naturally affordeth: yet now had we beene 
in Paradice it selfe (with those governours) it would not 
haue beene much better with vs: yet was there some 
amongst vs, who had they had the governement, would 
surely haue kept vs from those extremities of miseries, that 
in 10 daies more would haue supplanted vs all by death. 
But God that would not it should bee vnplanted, sent 


Sir Thomas Gates and Sir George Sommers, with a150 men, 2 


most happily perserved by the Ber[m]ondoes to preserue vs. 
Strange it is to say how miraculously they were preserved, 


171 
[16101 


The fruits 
of improvi- 
dence. 


The arivall 
of Sir 


with 150. 


in a leaking ship, in those extreme stormes and tempests L#¢.499,635.1 


in such overgrowne seas 3 daies and 3 nights by bayling 
out water. And having given themselu[e]s to death, how 
happily when least expected, that worthy Captaine Sir 
George Somers having l{a]ine all that time cuning [steering] 
the ship before those swa[l]lowing waues, discouered those 
broken Iles: where how plentifully they lived with fish and 
flesh, what a paradice this is to inhabit, what industrie they 
vsed to build their 2 ships, how happily they did transport 
them to Iames Towne in Virginia [where they arrived on 23 
May 1610], I refer you to their owne printed relations. 
But when those noble knights did see our miseries 
(being strangers to the country) and could vnderstand no 
more of the cause but by their coniecture of our clamors 
and complaints, of accusing or excusing one an other: they 
imbarked vs with themselues, with the best means they 
could, and abandoning James Towne, set saile for England. 
But yet God would not so haue it, for ere wee left the 
river; we met the Lord de-la-ware, then governour for the 
countrie, with 3 ships exceeding well furnished with al neces- 
saries fitting: who againe returned them to the abandoned 
Iames Towne, the g of Iwne, 1610. accompanied with Sir 
Ferdinando Wainman, and divers other gentlemen of sort. 
Sir George Somers and Captaine Argall he presentlie 


Tames 
Towne 
abandoned, 


The arival 
of Lord 
La-ware. 


(A. 500.] 


172 


The proceedings and accidents Cw Sirens 


[1610-11] dispatcheth to require the Beyvmondas to furnish them 


[A. 639] 


2 Ships sent 
to the 


‘0 
Bermundas. 


[p. 503.) 


The arival 
of Sir 
Thomas 
Dale. 


Sir George 
omers 

arivalé 

at the 

Bermoudas, 

and dieth. 


with provision: Sir Thomas Gates for England to helpe 
forward their supplies; himselfe neglected not the best 
[that] was in his power for the furtherance of the busines 
and regaining what was lost. But even in the beginning 
of his proceedings, his Lordship had such an incounter 
with a scurvy sicknesse, that made him vnable to w[{iJeld 
the state of his bodie, much lesse the affaires of the colonie 
[p. 505], so that after 8. monthes sicknesse, he was forced 
to saue his life by his returne for England. 

In this time Argall not finding the Bermondas, having 
lost Sir George Somers at sea, fell on the coast of Sagada- 
hock; where refreshing himselfe, [he] found a convenient 
fishing for Cod. With a tast[e] whereof, hee returned to 
Iames towne, from whence the Lord De-la-ware sent him 
to trade in the river of Patawomecke. Where finding an 
English boy [Henry Spelman, see pp. ci-cxiv, 498, 503, 528, 
586, 606] those people had preserved from the furie of 
Powhatan, by his acquaintance, [he] had such good vsage 
of those kind Salvages, that they fraughted his ship with 
corne; wherewith he returned to James Towne: and so 
for England, with the Lord Governour. 

Yet before his returne, the adventurers had sent Sir 
Thomas Dale with 3 ships, men and cattell, and all other 
provisions necessarie for a yeare: all which arived the 10 
of May, 1611. 

Againe, to second him with all possible expedition, there 
was prepared for Sir Thomas Gates, 6 tall ships with 300 
men, and roo kyne, with other cattell, with munition and 
all manner of provision [that] could bee thought needfull, 
and they arived about the r of August next after, safely 
at [ames towne. 

Sir George Somers all this time was supposed [to be] lost : 
but thus it hapned. Missing the Bermondas, hee fell 
also, as did Argall, with Sagadahock : where being refreshed, 
{he] would not content himselfe with that repulse, but re- 
turned againe in the search; and there safely arived. But 
overtoiling himselfe, on a surfeit died [on g Nov. 1611). 

And this Cedar ship built by his owne directions, and 
partly with his owne hands, that had not in her any iron 
but only one bolt in her keele, yet well endured thus tossed 


San Jose, Calif. 


qidited by. with the third supply in Virginia. 173 


to and againe in this mightie Ocean, til with his dead [1611-12] 
bo[die] she arived in England at line [last]: and at 
Whitchurch in Dorsetshire, his body by his friends was 
honourably buried, with many volies of shot, and the rights 

of a souldier. 


And vpon his Tombe was bestowed this Epitaph 14. 640] 
Het mili Virginia, quod tam ciio preterit estas, fotenn 


Autumnus sequitur, seuet inde et hyems. 
At ver perpetuum nascetur, et Anglia lata, 
Decerpit flores, Floryda terra tuos. 


Alas Virgima Somer so soone past, 

Autume succeeds and stormy winters blast, 

Yet Englands joyfull spring with Aprill shewres, 
O Floryda, shall bring thy sweetest flowers. 


Since, there was a ship fraughted with provision and 40 
men, and another since then, with the like number and 
provision, to stayin the Countrie 12 months with Captaine 
Argall. 

‘The Lord governour himselfe doth confidently determine 
to goe with the next, oras presently as he may, in his owne 
person, with sundry other knights and gentlemen, with ships 
and men so farre as their meanes will extend to furnish. 

As for all their particular actions since the returne of 
Captaine Smith; for that they haue beene printed from 
time to time, and published to the world, I cease farther 
to trouble you with any repetition of things so well knowne, 
more then are necessarie. 


To conclude the historie, leauing this assurance to all 
posteritie, howe vnprosperously things may succeed, by 
what changes or chances soever; the action is honor- 
able and worthie to bee approved, the defect whereof hath 
only beene in the managing the businesse: which I hope 
now experience hath tauglit them to amend, or those 
examples may make others to beware, for the land is as 
good as this booke doth report it. 


FINTS. 


174 


[Rev. Dr. Simmonds Postscript. ee 


\ Aptaine Smith I returne you the fruit of 
my labours, as Master Croshaw [that 1s 
Rawlegh Crashaw, pp. 129, 131, 139, 143, 
145, 184, Gc.] requested me, which I 
bestowed in reading the discourses, and 
hearing the relations of such which haue 

; walked and observed the land of Virginia 
with you. The pains I took was great: yet did the 
nature of the argument, and hopes I conceaued of the 
expedition, giue me exceeding content. I cannot finde 
there is any thing, but what they all affirme, or cannot 
contradict : the land is good: as there is no citties, so no 
sonnes of Anak: al is open for labor of a good and wise 
inhabitant: and my prayer shall ever be, that so faire a 
land, may bee inhabited by those that professe and loue 
the Gospell. 


Your friend 
VV.S. 


DESCRIPTION 


of WV Ze England: 


OR 


THE OBSERVATIONS, AND 
discoueries, of Captain John Smith (Admirall 
of that Country) in the North of America, in the year 
of our Lord 1614: with the successe of sixe Ships, 
that went the next yeare 1615; and the 


accidents befell him among the 


French men of warre : 


With the proofe of the present benefit this 
Countrey affoords; whither this present yeare, 


1616, eight voluntary Ships are gone 
to make further tryall. 


OVRFG 


At EON DON. 
Printed by Humfrey Lownes, for Robert Clerke ; and 
are to be sould at his house called the Lodge, 
in Chancery lane, ouer against Lin- 
colnes Inne. 1616. 


[This Work was, in substance, first addressed to the Privy Council, 
by Captain SMITH, in August-October 1615, while a prisoner on board 
the French pirate ship, under the command of Monsieur POYRUNE, 
p. 739, off the Azores : “ where to keepe my perplexed thoughts from 
too much meditation of my miserable estate, I writ this discourse ; 
thinking to haue sent it [to] you of his Maiesties Councell, by some 
ship or other,” 4. 224, 736. He must therefore have carried the 
manuscript with him, in his escape in the November following, in the 
open boat at Ile de Ré, Zp. 226, 738. 

He completed it the next year, and it was thus entered for publica- 
tion at Stationers’ Hall, London : 

3° Iunij 1616. 

Robert Clerke. Entred for his Copie vnder the handes of master 
SANFORD and Master Lownes Warden a booke 
called A Description of New Englande, by JOHN 
SMITHE. . i : : : - : vjd. 

A Transcript of the Registers of the Company of Stationers of 
London, 1554-1640 A.D., Ed. by E. ARBER, iii. 588. London, 1876. 


It is clear from the following passage at ~. 937, that SMITH himself 
is the author of the name Mew England. 

“Tn this voyage I tooke the description of the coast as well by 
map as writing, and called it New-England: but malicious mindes 
amongst Sailers and others, drowned that name with the eccho of 
Nusconcus, Canaday, and Penaguid ; till, at my humble su[i]te, our 
most gracious King Charles, then Prince of Wales, was pleased to 
confirme it by that title, and did change [Z. 232] the barbarous names 
of their principal Harbours and habitations for such English, that 
posterity may say, King Charles was their Godfather.” 

The printing of the book was finished on the following 18 June 1616, 
p. 229. 

The book and Map must then have been presented to Prince 
CHARLES, and his new names of places struck off on the now exceed- 
ingly rare leaf; which through the kindness of CHARLES DEANE, Esq., 
of Cambridge, Massa., U.S.A., we have been enabled to reprint from a 
photographed copy, at Z. 232. See also ~. cxxxiv. 

For the bibliography of this Work, see 2. cxxx.] 


| The Epistle Dedicatory. 


TO? OPTOETeR * ES ew 


HeO Pore VoL. Com a Ra as 
Prince of Great Britaine. 


at 


> memorable Brother, Prince Henry, to all 
P)) generous designes; that in my discouery 
“© of Virginza, | presumed to call two name- 
lesse Headlands after my Soueraignes heires, Cafe 
Henry, and Cape Charles. 

Since then, it beeing my chance to range some 
other parts of America, whereof I heere present 
your Highness the description in a Map; my 
humble suli|te is, you would please to change their 
Barbarous names, for such English, as Posterity 
may say, Prince Charles was their Godfather. 

What here in this relation I promise my Countrey, 
let mee liue or die the slaue of scorne and infamy, if 
(hauing meanes) I make it not apparent; please 
God to blesse me but from such accidents as are 
beyond my power and reason to preuent. For my 
labours, I desire but such conditions as were pro- 

mised me out of the gaines; and that your High- 
nesse would daigne to grace this Work, by 
your Princely and fauorable respect vnto 
it, and know mee to be 
Your Hlighnesse true 
and faithfull servant, 
John Smith. 


12 


177 


[1616] 


[1616] 


178 


To the Right Honourable and 
worthy Lords, Knights, and Genth:- 


men, of his Maiesties Councell, for all 


Plantations and discoueries; especially, of 
New England. 


ORC “ug Eeing the deedes of the most iust, and the writings 
WWW of the most wise, not onely of men, but of God 
oN NB)" himselfe, haue beene diuersly traduced by variable 
xa Z, iudgements of the Times opinionists; what shall 
such an ignorant as I expect? Yet reposing my selfe on your 
fauours, I present this rude discourse to the worldes construc- 
tion; though I am perswaded, that few do think there may 
be had from New England, Staple commodities well worth 
3 or 40000 pound a yeare, with so small charge, and such 
facilitie, as this discourse will acquaint you. 

But, lest your Honours, that know mee not, should thinke 
I goe by hearesay or affection; I intreat your pardons to say 
thus much of my selfe: Neere twice nine yeares [1.e., 1599- 
1616], I haue beene taught by lamentable experience, aswell 
in Europe and Asia, as Affrick and America, such honest 
aduentures as the chance of warre doth cast vpon poore Soul- 
diers. So that, of I bee not able to iudge of what I haue 
seene, contrived, and done; it is not the fault either of my 
eyes, or foure quarters. And these nine yeares [1607-1616], I 
haue bent my endeauours to finde a sure foundation to begin 
these ensuing protects: which though I neuer so plainely and 
seriously propound; yet it resteth in God, and you, still to 
dispose of. Not doubting but your goodnesse will pardon my 
rudenesse, and ponder errours in the balance of good will. 

No more ; but sacring all my best abilities to the good of my 
Prince and Countrey, and submitting my selfe to the 
exquisitle] tudgements of your renowned vertue, 

I euer rest 
Your Honours, in 


all honest service 


I. S. 


179 


‘To the right Worshipfull Aduen- 


turers for the Countrey of Mew 


England, in the Cities of London, Bristow, 
Exceter, Plimouth, Dartmouth, Bastaple, 
Totneys, &c. and in all other Cities and 
Ports, in the Kingdome 
of England 


steales their labour; then blame not Man. Little 
hony hath that hiue, where there are more Drones 
then Bees: and miserable is that Land, where more 
are idle then well imployed. If the indeauours of 
those vermin be acceptable, I hope mine may be 
excuseable ; Though I confesse it were more proper 
for mee, To be doing what I say, then writing what 
I knowe. Had I returned rich, I could not haue 
erred : Now hauing onely such fish as came to my 
net, I must be taxed. But, I would my taxers were 
as ready to aduenture their purses, as I, purse, 
life, and all I haue: or as diligent to furnish the 
charge, as I know they are vigilant to crop the 
fruits of my labours. Then would I not doubt (did 
God please I might safely arriue in Mew England, 
and safely returne) but to performe somewhat more 
then I haue promised, and approue my words by 
deeds, according to proportion. 

I am not the first [that] hath beene betrayed by 
Pirat[e]s: And foure men of warre, prouided as they 
were, had beene sufficient to haue taken Sampson, 


[1616] 


180 


[1616] 


[Zpistle to New England Adventurers. 318 Perey 


Hercules, and Alexander the great, no other way 
furnisht then I was. I knowe not what assurance any 
haue [who] do passe the Seas, Not to bee subiect to 
casualty as well as my selfe: but least this disaster 
may hinder my proceedings, or ill will (by rumour) 
the behoofefull work I pretend; I haue writ this 
little: which I did thinke to haue concealed from 
any publike vse, till I had made my returnes speake 
as much, as my pen now doth. 

But because I speake so much of fishing, if any 
take mee for such a deuote [devoted | fisher, as I 
dreame of nought else, they mistake mee. I know 
a ring of golde from a graine of barley, aswell as 
a goldesmith: and nothing is there to bee had which 
fishing doth hinder, but furder vs to obtaine. Now 
for that I haue made knowne vnto you a fit place for 
plantation, limited within the bounds of your Patent 
and Commission; hauing also receiued meanes, 
power, and authority by your directions, to plant 
there a Colony, and make further search, and dis- 
couery in those parts there yet vnknowne: Con- 
sidering, withall, first those of his Maiesties Councell, 
then those Cities aboue named, and diuerse others 
that haue beene moued to lend their assistance to 
so great a worke, doe expect (especially the aduen- 
turers) the true relation or euent of my proceedings 
which I heare are so abused ; I am inforced for all 
these respects, rather to expose my imbecillitie to 
contempt, by the testimonie of these rude lines, then 

all should condemne me for so bad a Factor, as 

could neither give reason nor account of my 
actions and designes. 


Yours to command 
Iohn Smith. 


. Davies. 
been. Complimentary Verses. | 181 
1616. 


In the deserued Honour of the Au- wan 


thor, Capaine Iohn Smith, 
and his Worke. 


m Amn'd Enuie is a sp’rite, that euer haunts [1616] 
J Beasts, mis-nam’d Men; Cowards, or Ingnorants. 
\\ But, onely such shee followes, whose deere WORTH 
oe (M augre her malice) sets their glorie forth. 
If this faire Ouerture, then, take not; It 
Is Enuie’s spight (dear friend) in men-of-wit ; 
Or Feare, lest morsels, which our mouthes possesse, 
Might fall from thence ; or else, tis Sottishnesse. 
If either ; (I hope neither) thee they raise ; 
Thy * Letters are as Letters in thy praise ; * Hinderers. 
Who, by thety vice, improue (when they reprooue) 
Thy vertue; so, in hate, procure thee Loue. 
Then, On firme Worth: this Monument I frame ; 
Scorning for any Smith to forge such fame. 


Io: Dauies, Here/: 


Ye 


To his worthy Captaine the Author. #4» 


Es Hat which wee call the subrect of all Storte, 
iN > Is Truth: which in this Worke of thine giues glorie 
ia «To all that thou hast done. Then, scorne the spight 
ths Of Enume; which doth no mans merits right. 
My sword may helpe the rest: my Pen no more 
Can doe, but this; I’aue said enough before. 
Your sometime souldier, 


I. Codrinton, now 'Templer, 


182 [ Complimentary Verses. Bg 


(2 490) To my Worthy friend and Cosen, 
Captaine Iohn Smith. 


(1616] It ouer-ioyes my heart, when as thy Words 

Of these designes, with deeds I doe compare. 

H eere is a Booke, such worth truth affords, 

N one should the due desert thereof impare ; 

Sith thou, the man, deseruing of these Ages, 

M uch paine hast ta’en for this our Kingdoms good, 

In Climes vnknowne, Mongst Turks and Saluages, 

T ’inlarge our bounds ; though with thy losse of blood. 
H ence damn’d Detraction : stand not in our way. 
E nute, tt selfe, will not the Truth gainesay. 


N. Smith. 


LA. 6901 To that worthy and generous Gen- 


tleman, my verte good friend, 
Captaine Smith. 


» Ay Fate thy Protect prosper, that thy name 
\ May be eternised with liuing fame : 
S Though foule Detraction Honour would peruert, 
SF And Enute ener waits vpon desert: 
In spight of Pelias, when his hate lies colde, 
Returne as lason with a fleece of Golde. 
Then after-ages shall record thy praise, 
That a New England to this Ile didst raise : 
And when thou dy’st (as all that line must die) 
Thy fame liue heere; thou, with Eternitie. 


R: Gunnell. 


"t=. ee at ee ee eS ee ee ee | 


seg Complimentary Verses.| 


To his friend Cap: Smith, vpon his 


description of New England. 


Ir; your Relations I haue read: which shewe, 
 Ther’s reason I should honour them and you: 
gg And if their meaning I haue understood, 
v= I dare to censure, thus: Your Proiect’s good ; 
And may (tf foilow’d) doubtlesse quit the paine, 
With honour, pleasure and a trebble gaine ; 
Beside the benefit that shall arise 
To make more happie our Posterities. 

For would we daigne to spare, though ’twere no more 
Then what o’re-filles, and surfets vs in store, 
To order Nature’s fruitfulnesse a while 
In that rude Garden, you New England stile ; 
With present good, ther’s hope in after-daies 
Thence to repaive what Time and Pride decates 
In this rich kingdome. And the spatious West 
Beeing still more with English blood possest, 
The Proud Iberians shall not rule those Seas, 
To checke our ships from sayling where they please ; 
Nor future times make any forraine power 
Become so great to force a bound to Our. 

Much good my minde fore-tels would follow hence 
With little labour, and with lesse expence. 
Thriue therefore thy Designe, who ere enue: 
England may toy mm England’s Colony, 
Virginia seeke her Virgine sisters good, 
Be blessed in such happie neighbourhood : 

Or, what-soere Fate pleaseth to permit, 

Be thou still honor’d for first moouing tt. 


George Wither, 


é societate Lincol. 


183 


(¢. 689.] 


[1616] 


184 [Complimentary Verses. R. Crashaw. 
[6 oe In the deserued honour of my honest 


and worthie Captaine, Iohn Smith, 
and his Worke. 


Vax in Aptaine and friend ; when I peruse thy booke 
>) (With Iudgements eyes) into thy heart I looke: 
1) And there I finde (what sometimes Albyon knew) 
A Souldier, to his Countries-honour, true. 
Some fight for wealth ; and some for emptie praise ; 
But thou alone thy Countries Fame to raise. 
With due discretion, and vnda[u]nted heart, 
I (oft) so well haue seene thee act thy Part 
In deepest plunge of hard extreamitie, 
As forc’t the troups of proudest foes to flie. 
Though men of greater Ranke and lesse desert 
Would Pish-away thy Praise, it can not start 
From the true Owner: for, all good-mens tongues 
Shall keepe the same. To them that Part belongs. 
If, then, Wit, Courage, and Successe should get 
Thee Fame ; the Muse for that is in thy debt: 
A part whereof (least able though I bee) 
Thus heere I doe disburse, to honor Thee. 


Rawly Croshaw 


[1616] 


M. Phettiplace. 
WwW. care 


Wittn, Complimentary Verses. ] 


1616. 


185 


Michael Phettiplace, William Phettiplace, ww 


and Richard Wifiing, Gentlemen, and Souldiers 
under Captaine Smiths Command: In his 
deserued honor for his Worke, 
and worth. 


7, Z Hy may not we in this Worke haue our Mite, 

WY That had our share in each black day and night, 

LA When thou Virginia fotld’st, yet kept’st unstaind ; 

And held’st the King of Paspeheh enchaind. 

Thou all alone this Saluage sterne didst take. 
Pamunkes king wee saw thee captiue make 

Among seauen hundred of his stoutest men, 

To murther thee and vs resolued ; when 

Fast by the hand thou ledst this Saluage grim, 

Thy Pistoll at his breast to gouerne him: 

Which did infuse such awe in all the rest 

(Sith their drad Soueraigne thou had’st so distrest) 

That thou and wee (poore sixteene) safe retir’d 

Vnto our helplesse ships. Thou (thus admir’d) 

Didst make proud Powhatan, his subtects send 

To lames his Towne, thy censure to attend: 

And all Virginia’s Lords, and pettie Kings, 

Aw’d by thy vertue, crouch, and Presents brings 

To gaine thy grace; so dreaded thou hast beene : 

And yet a heart more milde ts seldome seene ; 

So, making Valour Vertue, really ; 

Who hast nought in thee counterfet, or slie; 

If in the sleight bee not the truest art, 

That makes men famoused for faire desert. 


EVE 


[1616] 


186 


[1616] 


M. Phettiplace. 
(Complimentary Verses. ee Wilh 
Who saith of thee, this sauors of vaine-glorie, 
Mistakes both thee and vs, and this true storie. 
If it bee ill in Thee, so well to doe ; 
Then, ts it ill in Vs, to praise thee too. 
But, if the first bee well don; it is well, 
To say tt doth (tf so it doth) excell! 
Praise is the guerdon of each deere desert, 
Making the praised act the praised part 
With more alacritie: Honours Spurre is Praise ; 
Without which, it (regardlesse) soone decates. 
And for this paines of thine wee praise thee rather, 
That future Times may know who was the father 
Of this rare Worke (New England) which may bring 
Praise to thy God, and profit to thy King. 


4 
- 
- 
r 


A DESCRIPTION OF 
New-England, by Captaine 
Lohn Smith. 
THI: 


Tex N the moneth of Aprill, 1614. with 
two Ships from London, of a few Mar- 
chants, I chanced to arriue in New- 
England, a parte of Ameryca; at the 
Ile of Monahigan, in 43} of Northerly 
latitude: our plot was there to take 
Whales and make tryalls of a Myne of 
Gold and Copper. If those failed, 
F ish and Furres was then our refuge, to make our selues 
sauers howsoever. We found this Whale-fishing a costly 
conclusion: we saw many, and spent much time in 
chasing them ; but could not kill any: they beeing a kinde 
of Iubartes, and not the Whale that yeeldes Finnes and 
Oyle as wee expected. For our Golde, it was rather the 
Masters deuice to get a voyage that proiected it, then 
any knowledge hee had at all of any such matter. Fish 
and Furres was now our guard: and by our late arriual, 
and long lingring about the Whale[s], the prime of both 

those seasons were past ere wee perceiued it; we thinking 

that their seasons, serued at all times: [2] but wee found 
it otherwise; for, by the midst of Iune, the fishing failed. 

Yet in Iuly and August some was taken, but not sufficient 

to defray so great a charge as our stay required. Of dry 

fish we made about 40000., of Cor fish about 7000. 


[1614] 


(A. 697-] 
My first 
voyage 


to New 
England. 


[ 4. 698.) 


[A. 936-] 


188 
{1614] 


Lp. 702.) 


Thesituation 


o! 
Eng 


ew 
land. 


The description of New England, — (4-18 plnctere. 


Whilest the sailers fished, my selfe with eight or nine 
others of them [that] might best bee spared ; Ranging the 
coast in a small boat, wee got for trifles neer 1100 Beuer 
skinnes, 100 Martins [skins], and neer as many Otters; 
and the most of them within the distance of twenty leagues. 

We ranged the Coast both East and West much furder ; 
but Eastwards our commodities were not esteemed, they 
were so neare the French who affords them better: and 
right against vs in the Main [the mainland] was a Ship 
of Sir Frances Popphames, that had there such acquaint- 
ance, hauing many yeares vsed onely that porte, that the 
most parte there, was had by him. And 40 leagues west- 
wards were two French Ships, that had made there a great 
voyage by trade; during the time we tryed those conclu- 
sions, not knowing the Coast, nor Saluages habitation. 

With these Furres, the Traine [train oil], and Cor-fish, 
I returned for England in the Bark: where within six 
monthes after our departure from the Downes, we safe 
arriued back. The best of this fish was solde for fiue 
pound the hundreth, the rest by ill vsage betwixt three 
pound and fifty shillings. 

The other Ship staied to fit herselfe for Spaine with the 
dry fish; which was sould, by the Sailers reporte that 
returned, at forty ryalls [2os.] the quintall, each hundred 
[weight] weighing two quintalls and a halfe. [3] 


New England is that part of America in the Ocean Sea 
opposite to Noua Albyon [California] in the South Sea, 
discouered by the most memorable Sir Francis Drake in 
his voyage about the worlde. In regarde whereto this is 
stiled New England, beeing in the same latitude. New 
France, off it, is Northward: Southwardes is Virginia, 
and all the adioyning Continent, with New Granado, New 
Spain, New Andolosia, and the West Indies. 


On S 


Sow because I haue beene so oft asked such 


=_— i 


Bee wr by Captaine Tohn Smith. 


your pardons, if I chance to bee too plaine, or tedious 
in relating my knowledge for plaine mens satisfaction. 

Florida is the next adioyning to the Ind[tJes, which 
vnprosperously was attempted to bee planted by the 
French. A Country farre bigger then England, Scotland, 
France, and Ireland, yet little knowne to any Christian 
but by the wonderful ende[a]uours of Ferdinando de Soto, 
a valiant Spaniard: whose writings in this age is the best 
guide knowne to search those parts. 


189 
(1614] 


Notes of 
Florida. 


Virginia is no Ile (as many doe imagine) but part of [4.703 


the Continent adioyning to Florida; whose bounds may 
be stretched to the magnitude thereof without offence to 
any Christian inhabitant. For from the degrees of 30. to 
45. his Maiestie hath granted his Letters patents, the 
Coast extending South-west and North-east aboute 1500 
[4] miles; but to follow it aboard, the shore may well be 
2000. at the least: of which, 20 miles is the most [that] 
giues entrance into the Bay of Chisapeak, where is the 
London plantation: within which [entrance] is a Country 
(as you may perceiue by the description in a Booke and 
Map printed in my name of that little I there discouered) 
[that] may well suffice 300000 people to inhabit. 

And Southward adioyneth that part discouered at the 
charge of Sir Walter Rawley, by Sir Ralph Lane, and that 
learned Mathematician Master Thomas Heryot. 

Northward six or seauen degrees is the Riuer Sadaga- 
hock, where was planted the Westerne Colony, by that 
Honourable Patrone of vertue, Sir John Poppham, Lord 
chief Iustice of England. 

Ther[e] is also a relation printed by Captaine Bartholo- 
mew Gosnould, of Elizabeths Isles: and an other by Captaine 
Waymouth, of Pemmaqud. 

From all these diligent obseruers, posterity may be 
bettered by the fruits of theirlabours. But for diuers others 
that, long before and since, haue ranged those parts, within 
a kenning sometimes of the shore, some touching in one 
place, some in another, I must entreat them [to] pardon me 
for omitting them; or if I offend in saying that their true 
descriptions are concealed, or [were] neuer well obserued, 
or died with the Authors: so that the Coast is yet [1616] 
still but euen as a Coast vnknowne and vndiscouered. 


Notes of 
Virginia. 


190 


[1614] 


(2. 704.) 


The description of New England, [5-18 sanessi6. 


I haue had six or seauen seuerall plots of those 
Northern parts, so vnlike each to other, and most so 
differing from any true proportion or resemblance of the 
Countrey, as they did [5] mee no more good then so much 
waste paper, though they cost me more. It may be it 
was not my chance to see the best; but least others may 
be deceiued as I was, or thro[u]gh dangerous ignorance 
hazard themselues as I did, I haue drawen a Map from 
Point to Point, Ile to Ile, and Harbour to Harbour, with 
the Soundings, Sands, Rocks, and Land-marks as I 
passed close aboard the Shore in a little Boat; although 
there be many things to be obserued which the haste of 
other affaires did cause me [to] omit. For being sent more 
to get present commodities then knowledge by discoueries 
for any future good, I had not power to search as I would: 
yet it will serue to direct any [that] should goe that waies, 
to safe Harbours and the Saluages habitations. What 
marchandize and commodities for their labour they may 
finde, this following discourse shall plainely demonstrate. 

Thus you may see, of this 2000. miles more then halfe 
is yet vnknowne to any purpose: no, not so much as the 
borders of the Sea are yet certainly discouered. As for the 
goodness and true substances of the Land, wee are for [the] 
most part yet altogether ignorant of them, vnlesse it bee 
those parts about the Bay of Chisapeack, and Sagadahock : 
but onely here and there wee touched or haue seene a little 
the edges of those large dominions, which doe stretch 
themselues into the Maine, God doth know how many 
thousand miles; whereof we can yet no more iudge, then 
a stranger that saileth betwixt England and France can 
describe the Harbors [6] and dangers, by landing here or 
there in some Riuer or Bay, tell thereby the goodnesse 
and substances of Spaine, Italy, Germany, Bohemia, 
Hungaria and the rest. By this you may perceiue how 
much they erre, that think euery one which hath bin at 
Virginia, vnderstandeth or knowes what Virginia is: Or 
that the Spaniards know one halfe quarter of those 
Territories they possesse; no, not so much as the true 
circumference of Terra Incognita, whose large dominions 
may equalize the greatnesse and goodnes of America, for 
any thing yet known. It is strange with what small 


ny ere’ by Captaine Iohnu Smith. 


power hee hath raigned in the East Ind[iJes; and few will 
vnderstand the truth of his strength in America: where 
he hauing so much to keepe with such a pampered force, 
they neede not greatly feare his furie in the Bermudas, 
Virginia, New France, or New England. Beyond whose 
bounds, America doth stretch many thousand miles: into 
the frozen partes whereof, one Master Hutson [Hudson], an 
English Mariner, did make the greatest discouerie of any 
Christian I know of, where he vnfortunately died. For 
Affrica, had not the industrious Portugales ranged her 
vnknowne parts, who would haue sought for wealth 
among those fryed Regions of blacke brutish Negers; 
where notwithstanding all the wealth and admirable aduen- 
tures and endeauours more then 140 years [1476-1616], 
they knowe not one third of those blacke habitations. 

But it is not a worke for euery one, to manage such an 
affaire as makes a discouerie, and plants a Colony. It 
requires all the best parts of [7] Art, ludgement, Courage, 
Honesty, Constancy, Diligence, and Industrie, to doe but 
neere well. Some are more proper for one thing then 
another; and therein are to be imployed: and nothing 
breedes more confusion then misplacing and misimploying 
men in their vndertakings. Columbus, Cortez, Pitzara, 
Soto, Magellanes, and the rest serued more than a pren- 
tiship to learne howto begin their most memorable attempts 
in the West Ind[cJes: which to the wonder of all ages 
succesfully they effected, when many hundreds of others, 
farre aboue them in the worlds opinion, beeing instructed 
but by relation, came to shame and confusion in actions 
of small moment, who doubtlesse in other matters, were 
both wise, discreet, generous, and couragious. I say not 
this to detract any thing from their incomparable merits, 
but to answer those questionlesse questions that keep vs 
back from imitating the worthinesse of their braue spirits 
that aduanced themselues from poore Souldiers to great 
Captaines, their posterity to great Lords, their King to be 
one of the greatest Potentates on earth, and the fruites of 
their labours, his greatest glory, power, and renowne. 


1g! 
[1614] 


(A. 705+] 


[p+ 964-5.] 


192 The description of New England, [x18 shane wen 


[1614] That part wee call New England is betwixt the 
(s. 9061 KS degrees of 41. and 45; but that parte this 
The descrip- (: +8) discourse speaketh of, stretcheth but from 
Here ae Pennobscot to Cape Cod, some 75 leagues by a 


right line distant each from other: within which bounds I 


in many whereof there is anc[hJorage for 500. sayle of ships 
of any burden; in some of them for 5000. And more than 
200 Iles ouergrowne with good timber, of diuers sorts of 
wood, which doe make so many harbours as requireth a 
longer time then I had, to be well discouered. 
The The principall habitation Northward we were at, was 
particular | Pennobscot. Southward along the Coast and vp the Riuers 
Gouerne- we found Mecadacut, Segocket, Pemmagquid, Nusconcus, 
vo Kenebeck, Sagadahock, and Aumoughcawgen; And to those 
Countries belong the people of Segotago, Paghhuntanuck, 
Pocopassum, Taughtanakagnet, Warbigganus, Nassaque, 
Masherosqueck, Wawrigweck, Moshoquen, Wakcogo, Passha- 
vanack, &c. To these are allied the Countries of Aucocisco, 
Accominticus, Passataquack, Aggawom, and Naemkeck: All 
these, I could perceiue, differ little in language, fashion, 
or gouernment: though most be Lords of themselues, yet 
they hold the Bashabes of Pennobscot, the chiefe and 
greatest amongst them. 

The next I can remember by name are Mattahunts ; 

(47071 two pleasant Iles of groues, gardens, and corne fields, 
a league in the Sea from the Mayne. Then Totant, 
Massachuset, Pocapawmet, Quonahassit, Sagoquas, Nahapas- 
sumkeck, Topeent, Seccasaw, Totheet, Nasnocomacack, 
Accomack, Chawum; Then Cape Cod by which is Pawmet 
and the Isle Nawset, of the language and alliance of them 
of Chawum: The others are called Massachusets; of 
another language, humor, and condition. 

For their trade and marchandize; to each of their habita- 
tions they haue [9] diuerse Townes and people belonging ; 
and by their relations and descriptions, morethen 20 seuerall 
Habitations and Riuers that stretch themselues farre vp 
into the Countrey, euen tothe borders of diuerse great Lakes, 
where they kill and take most of their Beuers and Otters. 


Ste ao by Captaine Iohn Smith 


From Pennobscot to Sagadahock this Coast is all Moun- 
tainous and Iles of huge Rocks, but ouergrowen with all sorts 
of excellent good woodes for building houses, boats, barks, or 
shippes; with an incredible abundance of most sorts of fish, 
much fowle, and sundry sorts of good fruites for mans vse. 

Betwixt Sagadahock and Sawocatuck there is but two or 
three sandy Bayes, but betwixt that and Cape Cod very 
many: especial[l]y the Coast of the Massachusets is so 
indifferently mixed with high clayie or sandy cliffes in 
one place, and then tracts of large long ledges of diuers 
sorts, and quarries of stones in other places so strangely 
diuided with tinctured veines of diuers colours: as, Free 
stone for building, Slate for tiling, smooth stone to make 
Fornaces and Forges for glasse or iron, and iron ore 
sufficient, conueniently to melt in them. But the most 
part so resembleth the Coast of Deuonshire, I think most of 
the cliffes would make such lime stone. If they be not of 
these qualities, they are so like, they may deceiue a better 
iudgement then mine. All which are so neere adioyning 
to those other aduantages I obserued in these parts, that 
if the Ore proue as good iron and steele in those parts, as 
I know it is within the bounds of [10] the Countrey, I 
dare engage my head (hauing but men skilfull to worke the 
simples there growing) to haue all things belonging to the 
building [and] the rigging of shippes of any proportion, and 


193 
[1614] 


The mix- 
ture of an 
excellent 
soyle. 


(A. 951-] 


good marchandize for the fraught, within a square of 10 [44.708,950.1 


or I4 leagues: and were it for a good rewarde, I would 
not feare to prooue it in a lesse limitation. 

And surely by reason of those sandy cliffes and cliffes 
of rocks, both which we saw so planted with Gardens 
and Corne fields, and so well inhabited with a goodly, 
strong and well proportioned people, besides the great- 
nesse of the Timber growing on them, the greatnesse of 
the fish, and the moderate temper of the ayre (for of 
twentie fiue, not any was sicke but two that were many 
yeares diseased before they went, notwithstanding our 
bad lodging and accidentall [chance] diet): who can but 
approoue this a most excellent place, both for health and 
fertility ? And of all the foure parts of the world that I 
haue yet seene not inhabited, could I haue but meanes to 
transport a Colonie, I would rather liue here then any 

13 


A proofe of 
an excellent 
temper. 


A proofe of 
health. 


194 — The description of New England, [318 June 1616 ; 


[1614] where: and if it did not maintaine it selfe, were wee but 
once indifferently well fitted, let vs starue. 


Staple The maine Staple, from hence to bee extracted for the 

coment present to produce the rest, is fish; which howeuer it 
may seeme a mean and a base commoditie: yet who will 
but truely take the pains and consider the sequell, I thinke 
will allow it well worth the labour. It is strange to see 
what great [11] aduentures the hopes of setting forth 

[ 44.893,045.] men of war [privateers] to rob the industrious innocent, 
would procure ; or such massie promises in grosse: though 
more are choked then well fedde with such hastie hopes. 

ths anders Dut who doth not know that the poore Hollanders, chiefly 

fishing. by fishing, at a great charge and labour in all weathers 
in the open Sea, are made a people so hardy and in- 
dustrious ? and by the venting this poore commodity to 
the Easterlings for as meane, which is Wood, Flax, Pitch, 
Tarre, Rosin, Cordage, and such like (which they ex- 
change againe, to the French, Spaniards, Portugales, and 
English, &c., for what they want) are made so mighty, 
strong and rich, as no State but Venice, of twice their 
magnitude, is so well furnished with so many faire Cities, 
goodly Townes, strong Fortresses, and that aboundance 
of shipping and all sorts of marchandize, as well of Golde, 
Siluer, Pearles, Diamonds, Pretious stones, Silkes, Veluets, 

(2. 709.) and Cloth of golde; as Fish, Pitch, Wood, or such grosse 
commodities? What Voyages and Discoueries, East and 
West, North and South, yea about the world, make they ? 
What an Army by Sea and Land, haue they long main- 
tained in despite of one of the greatest Princes of the 
world? And neuer could the Spaniard will all his Mynes 
of golde and Siluer pay his debts, his friends, and army, 
halfe so truly, as the Hollanders stil haue done by this 
contemptible trade of fish. Diuers (I know) may alledge, 
many other assistances. But this is their Myne; and 
the Sea the [12] source of those siluered streames of all 
their vertue ; which hath made them now the very miracle 
of industrie, the pattern of perfection for these affaires: 
and the benefit of fishing is that Primum mobile that 
turnes all their Spheres to this height of plentie, strength, 
honour and admiration. 


338 james by Captaine Tohn Smith. 


Herring, Cod, and Ling, is that triplicitie that makes 
their wealth and shippings multiplicities, such as it is, 
and from which (few would thinke it) they yearly draw at 
least one million and a halfe of pounds starling ; yet it is 
most certaine (if records be true): and in this faculty 
they are so naturalized, and of their vents [sales] so 
certainely acquainted, as there is no likelihood they will 
euer be paralleld, hauing 2 or 3000 Busses, Flat bottomes, 
Sword pinks, Tofa]des, and such like, that breedes them 
Saylers, Mariners, Souldiers and Marchants, neuer to be 
wrought out of that trade, and fit for any other. I will 
not deny but others may gaine as well as they, that will 
vse it: though not so certainely, nor so much in quantity; 
for want of experience. And this Herring they take vpon 
the Coast of Scotland and England; their Cod and Ling, 
vpon the Coast of Izeland and in the North Seas. 

Hamborough and the East Countries, for Sturgion and 
Cauiare, gets many thousands of pounds from England, and 
the Straites: Portugale, the Biskaines, and the Spaniards, 
make 40 or 50 Saile yearely to Cape-blank, to hooke for 
Porgos, Mullet, and [to] make Puttardo: and New found 
Land, doth yearely fraught neere 800 sayle of Ships with 
a sillie leane [13] skinny Poore-Iohn, and Corfish; which 
at least yearely amounts to 3 or 400000 pound. 

If from all those parts such paines is taken for this poore 
gaines of fish, and by them [that] hath neither meate, 
drinke, nor clothes; wood, iron nor steele; pitch, tarre, 
nets, leades, salt, hookes, nor lines; for shipping, fishing, 
nor prouision, but at the second, third, fourth, or fift 
hand, drawne from so many seuerall parts of the world 
ere they come together to be vsed in this voyage. If 
these I say can gaine, and the Saylers liue going for 
shares, [on] lesse then the third part of their labours, and yet 
spend as much time in going and comming as in staying 
there, so short is the season of fishing: why should wee 
more doubt then Holland, Portugale, Spaniard, French, or 
other, but to doe much better then they, where there is 
victuall to feede vs, wood of all sorts to build Boats, 
Ships, or Barks; the fish at our doores; pitch, tarre, 
masts, yards, and most of other necessaries onely for 
making? And here are no hard Landlords to racke vs 


195 
[1614] 


Which is 
fteen 
hundred 
thousand 
pound. 


(6. 710.] 


196 
[1614] 


Examples of 
altitude com 


The description of New England, [18 yenewe. 


with high rents, or extorted fines to consume vs; no 
tedious pleas in law to consume vs with their many years 
disputations for Iustice; no multitudes to occasion such 
impediments to good orders, as in popular States. So 
freely hath God and his Maiesty bestowed those blessings 
on them that will attempt to obtaine them, as here euery 
man may be master and owner of his owne labour and 
land; or the greatest part in a small time. If hee haue 
nothing but his hands, he may set vp this trade; and by in- 
dustrie [14] quickly growrich; spending but halfe that time 
wel, which in England we abuse in idlenes, worse or as ill. 


Here is ground also as good as any lyeth in the height of 


paratiuely. forty one, forty two, forty three, &c., which is as temperate 


(4. 712} 


and as fruitfull as any other paralell in the world. 

As for example, on this side the line West of it in the 
South Sea, is Nowa Albion, discouered as is said [p. 188] 
by Sir Francis Drake. East from it, is the most temperate 
part of Portugale, the ancient kingdomes of Galazia 
[Galicia], Biskey, Nauarre, Arragon, Catalonia, Casitlia the 
olde, and the most moderatest of Castilia the new, and 
Valentia, which is the greatest part of Spain: which if the 
Spanish Histories bee true, in the Romanes time abounded 
no lesse with gold and siluer Mines, then now the West 
Indies ; the Romanes then vsing the Spaniards to work in 
those Mines, as now the Spaniard doth the Indians. 

In France, the Prouinces of Gasconte, Langadock, Auignon, 
Prouince, Dolphine [Dauphigny], Pyamont [Piedmont], and 
Turyne, are in the same paralel: which are the best and 
richest parts of France. 

In Italy, the prouinces of Genua, Lumbardy, and Verona, 
with a great part of the most famous State of Venice, 
the Dukedoms of Bononia, Mantua, Ferrara, Rauenna, 
Bolognia, Florence, Pisa, Sienna, Vrbine, Ancona, and the 
ancient Citie and Countrey of Rome, with a great part of 
the great Kingdome of Naples. In Slauonia, Istrya, and 
Dalmatia, with the Kingdomes of Albania. In Grecia, that 
famous Kingdome of Macedonia, Bulgaria, Thessalia, 
Thracia, or Romania, where is seated [15] the most 
pleasant and plentifull citie in Europe, Constantinople. 

In Asta also, in the same latitude, are the temperatest 


oa | by Captaine Iohn Smith. 197 


parts of Natolia, Armenia, Persia, and China; besides [1614] 
diuers other large Countries and Kingdomes in these most 
milde and temperate Regions of Asia. 

Southward, in the same height, is the richest of gold 
| Mynes, Chily and Baldiwia, and the mouth of the great 
e Riuer of Plate, &c: for all the rest of the world in that 
height is yet vnknown. 

Besides these reasons, mine owne eyes that haue seene 
. a great part of those Cities and their Kingdomes, as well 
as it [New England] can finde no aduantage they haue in 
nature, but this, They are beautified by the long labour 
and diligence of industrious people and Art. This is 
onely as God made it, when he created the worlde. 

Therefore I conclude, if the heart and intralls of those 
Regions were sought : if their Land were cultured, planted 
and manured by men of industrie, iudgement, andexperience; 
what hope is there, or what neede they doubt, hauing those 
aduantages of the Sea, but it might equalize any of those 
famous Kingdomes, in all commodities, pleasures, and 
conditions ? seeing euen the very edges doe naturally 
afford vs such plenty, as no ship need returne away 
empty: and onely vse but the season of the Sea, fish will 
returne an honest gaine, besides all other aduantages; her 
treasures hauing yet neuer beene opened, nor her originalls 
wasted, consumed, nor abused. 


And whereas it is said, the Hollanders serue the Easter- (44. 238,254.) 
lings themselues, and other parts that want, [16] with The 
Herring, Ling, and wet Cod; The Easterlings [serve] a Patic™* 
great part of Europe, with Sturgion and Cauiare; Cape- commodi- 
blanke, Spaine, Portugale, and the Leuant, [serve] with Mullet may behad. 
and Puttargo; New found Land, [serve] all Europe with a ty. 240,255 
thin Poore Iohn: yet all is so ouerlaide with fishers as the 
fishing decayeth, and many are constrained to returne with 
a small fraught. Norway and Poloma, [producing] Pitch, [472.1 
Tar, Masts, and Yardes; Sweathland and Russia, Iron and 
Ropes; France and Spaine, Canuas, Wine, Steele, Iron, 
and Oyle; Italy and Greece, Silks and Fruites: I dare 
boldly say (because I haue seen naturally growing, or 
breeding in those parts, the same materialls that all those 
are made of), they may as well be had there, or the most 


198 
{1614] 


The nature 
of ground 
approoued, 


The seasons 
for fishing 
approoued. 


[Pe 713. 


The description of New England, — [18 jane si6! 


part of them, within the distance of 70 leagues, for some few 
ages, as from all those parts; vsing but the same meanes 
to haue them that they doe, and with all those aduantages. 

First, the ground is so fertill, that questionless it is 
capable of producing any Grain, Fruits, or Seeds you will 
sow or plant, growing in the Regions afore named: but 
it may be, not euery kinde to that perfection of delicacy ; 
or some tender plants may miscarie, because the Summer 
is not so hot, and the winter is more colde in those 
parts wee haue yet tryed neere the Sea side, then we finde 
in the same height, in Europe or Asia. Yet I made a 
Garden vpon the top of a Rockie Ile in 433, 4 leagues 
from the Main, in May, that grew so well, as it serued 
vs for sallets in Iune and Iuly. 

All sorts [17] of cattell may here be bred and fed in the 
Iles, or Peninsulaes, securely for nothing. In the Interim, 
till they encrease, if need be (obseruing the seasons) I 
durst vndertake to haue corne enough from the Saluages 
for 300 men, for a few trifles. And if they [the Savages] 
should bee vntoward (as it is most certaine they are) 
thirty or forty good men will be sufficient to bring them 
all in subiection, and make this prouision; if they vnder- 
stand what they doe: 200 whereof may, nine monethes in 
the yeare, be imployed in making marchandable fish, till 
the rest prouide other necessaries fit to furnish vs with 
other commodities. 

In March, Aprill, May, and halfe Iune, here is Cod in 
abundance; in May, Iune, Iuly, and August, Mullet and 
Sturgion, whose roes doe make Cauiare and Puttargo. 
Herring, if any desire them, I haue taken many out of the 
bellies of Cods, some in nets; but the Saluages compare 
their store in the Sea, to the haires of their heads: and 
surely there are an incredible abundance vpon this Coast. 
In the end of August, September, October, and Nouember, 
you haue Cod againe, to make Cor fish, or Poore Iohn: 
and each hundred [fish] is as good as two or three hundred 
in the Newfound Land : so that halfe the labour in hooking, 
splitting, and turning is saued. And you may haue your 
fish at what Market you will, before they can haue any in 
New-fownd Land; where their fishing is chiefly but in 
Tune and Iuly: whereas it is heere in March, Aprill, May, 


J. Smith. by Captaine Tohn Smith, 


. 3-18 June 1616. 


September, October, and [18] Nouember, as is said. So 
that by reason of this plantation, the Marchants may haue 
fraught both out and home: which yeelds an aduantage 
worth consideration. 

Your Cor-fish, you may in like manner transport as you 
see cause, to serue the Ports in Portugale (as Lisbon, Auera, 
Porta port, and diuers others) or what market you please, 
before your Ilanders [i.e., Icelanders] returne. They being 
tyed to the season in the open Sea; you hauing a double 
season: and fishing before your doors, may euery night 
sleep quietly a shore with good cheare and what fires you 
will: or when you please [fish], with your wiues and 
familie ; they onely [in] their ships in the maine Ocean, 

The Mullets heere are in that abundance, you may take 
them with nets, sometimes by hundreds; where at Cape 
blank, they hooke them: yet those but one foot and a halfe 
in length; these two, three, or foure, as oft I haue 
measured. Much Salmon some haue found vp the 
Riuers as they haue passed: and heer the ayre is so 
temperate as all these at any time may well be preserued. 

Now, young boyes and girles, Saluages or any other, be 
they neuer such idlers, may turne, carry, and return fish, 
without either shame, or any great paine: hee is very idle 
that is past twelue yeares of age and cannot doe so much; 
and she is very olde, that cannot spin a thre[a]d to make 
engines to catch them. 

For their transportation, the ships that go there to fish 
may transport the first; who for their passage [19] will 
spare the charge of double manning their ships; which 
they must doe in the New-found Land, to get their 
fraught: but one third part of that companie are onely but 
proper to serue a stage, carry a barrow, and turne Poor 
Iohn; notwithstanding, they must haue meate, drinke, 
clothes, and passage as well as the rest. 

Now all I desire is but this. That those that volun- 
tarily will send shipping, should make here the best choise 
they can, or accept such as are presented to them, to 
serue them at that rate; and their ships returning, leaue 
such with me, with the value of that they should receiue 
comming home, in such prouisions and necessarie tooles, 
armes, bedding and apparell, salt, hookes, nets, lines, and 


199 
[16141 


Imploy- 
ment 

for poore 
people and 
fatherlesse 
children. 


[p. 714.] 
The facility 
of the 
plantation. 


200 


[1614] 


Present com- 
modities, 


(4. 715,] 


The description of New England, Ri co 


such like, as they spare of the remainings; who till the 
next returne, may keepe their boates, and doe them many 
other profitable offices. Prouided I haue men of ability 
to teach them their functions: and a company fit for 
Souldiersto be ready vpon an occasion, because of the abuses 
which haue beene offered the poore Saluages, and the 
liberty both French or any that will, hath to deale with 
them as they please; whose disorders will be hard to 
reforme, and the longer the worse. 

Now such order, with facilitie might be taken, with euery 
port Towne or Citie, to obserue but this order; with free power 
to conuert the benefits of their fraughts to what aduantage 
they please, and increase their numbers as they see occasion: 
who euer as they are able to subsist of themselues, may 
beginne the new Townes in (20] New England in memory of 
their olde; which freedome being confined but to the neces- 
sity of the generall good, the euent (with Gods help) might 
produce an honest, a noble, and profitable emulation. 


Salt vpon salt may assuredly be made; if not at the 
first in ponds, yet till they bee prouided this may be vsed. 
Then the Ships may transport Kine, Horses, Goates, 
course Cloath, and such commodities as we want; by 
[against] whose arriuall may be made that prouision of fish 
to fraught the Ships that they stay not; and then if the 
sailors goe [serve] for wages, it matters not. It is hard if 
this returne defray not the charge; but care must be had, 
they arriue in the Spring, or else prouision be made for 
them against the Winter. 

Of certaine red berries called Alkermes which is worth 
ten shillings a pound, but of these hath been sould for 
thirty or forty shillings the pound, may yearely be gathered 
a good quantitie. 

Of the Musk Rat may be wellraised gaines well worth their 
labour, that will endeuor to make tryall of their goodnesse. 

Of Beuers, Otters, Martins, Blacke Foxes, and Furres 
of price, may yearely be had 6 or 7ooo: and if the trade 
of the French were preuented, many more. 25000 this 
yeare [1614] were brought from those Northren parts 
into France; of which trade, we may haue as good part as 
the French, if we take good courses. 


4 
ie 
e 
rr 
x 
4 
E 


oe | by Captaine Iohn Smith. 


Of Mynes of Goldeand Siluer, Copper, and [21] probabili- 
ties of Lead, Christall and Allum, I could say much if 
relations were good assurances. It is trueindeed, I made 
many trials, according to those instructions I had, which 
doe perswade mee I need not despaire, but there are 
metalls in the Countrey: but I am no Alchymist, nor will 
promise more then I know: which is, Who will vnder- 
take the rectifying of an Iron forge, if those that buy 
meate, drinke, coals, ore, and all necessaries at a dear 
rate gaine; where all these things are to be had for the 
taking vp, in my opinion cannot lose. 

Of woods seeing there is such plenty of all sorts; if those 
that build ships and boates, buy wood at so great a price 
as it is in England, Spaine, France, Italy, and Holland, and 
all other prouisions for the nourishing of mans life, liue 
well by their trade: when labour is all [that is] required to 
take those necessaries, without any other tax; what hazard 
will be here, but doe much better? And what com- 
moditie in Europe doth more decay then wood? For the 
goodnesse of the ground, let vs take it fertill, or barren, 
or as it is: seeing it is certaine it beares fruites, to nourish 
and feed man and beast, as well as England; and the Sea 
those seuerall sorts of fish I haue related. 

Thus seeing all good prouisions for mans sustenance, 
may with this facility be had by a little extraordinarie 
labour, till that transported be increased; and all neces- 
saries for shipping, onely for labour: to which may bee 
added the assistance of the Saluages, which may easily be 
had, if they be discreetly handled in their [22] kindes; 
towards fishing, planting, and destroying woods. 

What gaines might be raised if this were followed 
(when there is but once men to fill your store houses, 
dwelling there; you may serue all Europe better and 
farre cheaper, then can the Izeland fishers, or the 
Hollanders, Cape-blank, or Newfound Land: who must be at 
as much more charge then you) may easily be coniectured 
by this example. 

2000. pound will fit out a ship of 200. and 1 [ship] of a 100 
tuns. If the dry fish they both make, [they] fraught that of 
200. and goe for Spaine, sell it but at ten shillings a quintal 
[40 Jbs] (but commonly it giueth fifteen or twentie, espe- 


201 


{1614} 


[4. 716.) 


An 
example of 
the gains 
vpon euery 
yeare or siz 
monethes 
returne, 


202 


(1614] 


(A. 781.] 


(2. 727-] 

A descrip- 
tion of the 
Countries in 
particular, 
and their 
situations. 


The description of New England,  [,1syhacran. 


cially when it commeth first, which [at 50 Quintals to the 
Ton,=£37 10s. or £50 a Ton; therefore 80 Tons of fish] 
amounts to 3 or 4000 pound; but say but tenne, which 
is the lowest), allowing the rest for waste, it amounts at 
that rate, to 2000 pound; which is the whole charge of 
your two ships, and their equipage. Then the returne [by 
exchange] of the money, and the fraught of the ship for 
the vintage [homeward from Spain] or any other voyage, is 
cleere gaine, [together] with your shippe of a roo tuns of 
Train and oyle, besides the beuers and other commodities ; 
and that you haue at home within six monethes, if God 
please but to send an ordinarie passage. 

Then sauing halfe this charge by the not staying ot 
your ships, your victual, ouerplus of men and wages; 
with her fraught thither of things necessarie for the 
planters, the salt being there made, as also may the nets 
and lines within a short time: if nothing were to bee 
expected but this, it might in time equalize your 
Hollanders gaines, if not exceed them. They returning 
but [28] wood, pitch, tarre, and such grosse commodities ; 
you, wines, oyles, fruits, silkes, and such Straits com- 
modities as you please to prouide by your Factors, against 
such times as your shippes arriue with them. 

This would so increase our shipping and sailers, and so 
employ and encourage a great part of our idlers and others 
that want imployments fitting their qualities at home 
(where they shame [are ashamed] to doe that they would 
doe abroad), that could they but once taste the sweet 
fruites of their owne labours, doubtlesse many thousands 
would be aduised by good discipline, to take more pleasure 
in honest industrie, then in their humours of dissolute 
idlenesse. 


But to returne a little more to the particulars of this 
Countrey, which I intermingle thus with my proiects and 
reasons, not being so sufficiently yet acquainted in those 
parts, to write fully the estate of the Sea, the Ayre, the 
Land, the Fruites, the Rocks, the People, the Gouern- 
ment, Religion, Territories and Limitations, Friends and 
Foes: but [simply] as I gathered from the niggardly 
relations in a broken language, to my vnderstanding, 
during the time I ranged those Countries, &c. 


_ 
- 
te 
. 
: 
By 
y 
% 


a ear by Captaine Tohn Smith. 

The most Northern part I was at, was the Bay of 
Pennobscot, which is East and West, North and South, 
more then ten leagues: but such were my occasions [that] 
I was constrained to be satisfied of them I found in the 
Bay, that the Riuer ranne farre vp into the Land, and was 
well inhabited with many people; but they were from 
their habitations, either fishing [24] among the Iles, or 
hunting the Lakes and Woods, for Deer and Beuers. 
The Bay is full of great Ilands, of one, two, six, eight, or 
ten miles in length ; which diuides it into many faire and 
excellent good harbours. 

On the East of it, are the Tarrantines, their mortall 
enemies [7.¢c., of Pennobscot]; where inhabit the French, as 
they report, that liue with those people as one nation or 
family. And Northwest of Pennobscot is Mecaddacut, at the 
foot of a high mountaine (a kind of fortresse against the 
Tarrantines) adioyning to the high mountaines of Pennob- 
scot, against whose feet doth beat the Sea: but ouer all 
the Land, lies, or other impediments, you may well see 
them, sixteene or eighteene leagues from their situation. 
Segocket is the next; then Nusconcus, Pemmaquid, and 
Sagadahock. 

Vp this Riuer [at Sagadahock], where was the Westerne 
plantation, are Awumuckcawgen, Kinnebeck, and diuers 
others ; where there is planted some corne fields. Along 
this Riuer 40 or 50 miles, I saw nothing but great high 
cliffes of barren Rocks, ouergrowne with wood: but where 
the Saluages dwelt, there the ground is exceeding fat and 
fertill. 

Westward of this Riuer is the Countrey Avwcocisco, 
in the bottome of a large deepe Bay, full of many great 
Iles, which diuides it into many good harbours. 

Sowocotuck is the next, in the edge of a large sandy Bay; 
which hath many Rocks and Iles: but few good harbours 
but for Barks, I yet know. 

But all this Coast to Pennobscot, and as farre I could 
see Eastward of it, is nothing but such high craggy Cliffy 
Rocks and stony [25] Iles that I wondered such great 
trees could growe vpon so hard foundations. It is a 
Countrie rather to affright, then delight one. And how 
to describe a more plaine spectacle of desolation, or more 


203 


(1614) 


Js. 718.) 


204 


[1614] 


(42. 206, 932, 
276, 718, 
720, 853, 
855, 866.] 


The description of New England, (413 sins sore 


barren, I knowe not. Yet the Sea there is the strangest 
fishpond I euer saw; and those barren Iles so furnished 
with good woods, springs, fruits, fish, and foule, that it 
makes mee thinke, though the Coast be rockie, and thus 
affrightable; the Vallies, Plaines, and interior parts may 
well (notwithstanding) be very fertile. But there is no 
kingdome so fertile [that] hath not some part barren: and 
New England is great enough to make many Kingdomes 
and Countries, were it all inhabited. 

As you passe the Coast still Westward, Accominticus 
and Passataquack are two conuenient harbors for small 
barks ; and a good Countrie, within their craggie cliffs. 

Angoam is the next. This place might content a right 
curious iudgement: but there are many sands at the 
entrance of the harbour; and the worst is, it is inbayed 
too farre from the deepe Sea. Heere are many rising 
hilles; and on their tops and descents, many corne fields 
and delightful groues. On the East, is an Ile of two or 
three leagues in length; the one halfe, plaine morish 
grasse fit for pasture, with many faire high groues of 
mulberie trees gardens: and there is also Okes, Pines, 
and other woods to make this place an excellent habi- 
tation, beeing a good and safe harbor. 

Naimkeck though it be more rockie ground (for Angoam 
is sandie) [is] not much inferior; neither for the [26] 
harbor, nor any thing [that] I could perceiue, but the 
multitude of people. 

From thence doth stretch into the Sea, the faire head- 
land Tragabigzanda, fronted with three Iles called the 


L49.720,838] three Turks heads: to the North of this, doth enter a 


ls. 719.] 


great Bay, where wee founde some habitations and corne 
fields. They report a great Riuer, and at least thirtie 
habitations, doe possesse this Countrie. But because 
the French had got their Trade, I had no leasure to 
discouer it. 

The Iles of Mattahunts are on the West side of this 
Bay, where are many Iles, and questionlesse good harbors: 
and then the Countrie of the Massachusets, which is the 
Paradise of all those parts. For, heere are many Iles 
all planted with corne; groues, mulberries, saluage 
gardens, and good harbours: the Coast is for the most 


; aa ioe | by Captaine Iohn Smith. 


part, high clayie sandie cliffs. The Sea Coast as you 
passe, shewes you all along large corne fields, and great 
troupes of well proportioned people: but the French, 
hauing remained heere neere six weekes, left nothing 
for vs to take occasion to examine the inhabitants 
relations, viz. if there be neer three thousand people 
vpon these Iles, and that the River doth pearce many 
daies iourneies the intralles of that Countrey. 

We found the people in those parts verie kinde; but in 
their furie no lesse valiant. For, vpon a quarrell we had 
with one of them, hee onely with three others, crossed the 
harbor of Quonahassit to certaine rocks whereby wee must 
passe; and there let flie their arrowes for our shot, till we 
were out of danger. 

Then come you to Accomack, an excellent good [27] 
harbor, good land; and no want of any thing but 
industrious people. After much kindnesse; vpon a small 
occasion, wee fought also with fortie or fiftie of those: 
though some were hurt, and some slaine; yet within an 
hour after, they became friendes. 

Cape Cod is the next [that] presents it selfe, which is 
onely a headland of high hils of sand ouergrowne with 
shrubbie pines, hurts, and such trash; but an excellent 


205 


[1614] 


harbor for all weathers. This Cape is made by the maine (44.719, 749.1 


Sea on the one side, and a great Bay on the other in 
forme of a sickle; on it doth inhabit the people of 
Pawmet: and in the bottome of the Bay, the people 
of Chawum. 

Towards the South and Southwest of this Cafe, is 
found a long and dangerous shoale of sands and rocks. 
But so farre as I incircled it, I found. thirtie fadom [of] 
water aboard the shore, and a strong current; which makes 
mee thinke there is a Channell about this shoale: where 
is the best and greatest fish to be had, Winter and 
Summer, in all that Countrie. But the Saluages say 
there is no Channell; but that the shoales beginne from 
the maine at Pawmet, to the Ile of Nausit; and so 
extends beyond their knowledge into the Sea. 

The next to this, is Capawack, and those abounding 


[p. 720.] 


Countries of copper, corne, people, mineralls: which I went (4. 218,732.) 


to discouer this last yeare [1615}; but because I miscarried 


206 


[1614] 


A good 
Countrie. 


Land 
markes. 


The description of New England, (18 pace 


by the way, I will leaue them, till God please I haue 
better acquaintance with them. 

The Massachusets, they report, sometimes haue warres 
with the Bashabes of Pennobskot; and are not [28] alwaies 
friends with them of Chawun and their alliants: but now 
they are all friends, and haue each trade with other, so farre 
as they haue societie on each others frontiers. For they 
(the Bashabes] make no such voiages as from Pennobskot 
to Cape Cod, seldom to Massachewset. 

In the North (as I haue said) they begunne to plant 
corne, whereof the South part hath such plentie as they 
haue what they will from them of the North; and in the 
Winter much more plenty of fish and foule: but both 
Winter and Summer hath it in the one part or other all 
the yeare; being the meane and most indifferent temper 
betwixt heat and colde, of all the regions betwixt the 
Lyne and the Pole: but the furs Northward are much 
better, and in muck more plentie, then Southward. 

The remarkeablest Iles and mountains for Landmarkes 
are these. The highest Ile is Sorico, in the Bay of 
Pennobskot: but the three Iles and a rock of Matinnack 
are much furder in the Sea. Metinicus is also three 
plaine Iles and a rock, betwixt it and Monahigan. Mona- 
higan is a rounde high Ile, and close by it [is] Monanis ; 
betwixt which is a small harbor where we ride [rode.] 
In Damerils Iles is such another. Sagadahock is knowne 
by Satguin and foure or fiue Iles in the mouth. Smyths 
Iles are a heape together, [with] none neere them, against 


(p4.718,838.) Accominticus. "The Three Turks Heads are three Iles 
(4p. 204,232, Seen far to Sea-ward in regard of the headland. 


276, 718, 
720, 853, 
855, 866.] 


(6. 721-] 


Hearbs. 


The cheefe headlands are onely Cape Tragabigzanda and 
Cape Cod. [29] 

The cheefe mountaines, [are] them of Pennobscot; the 
twinkling mountaine of Aucociso; the greate mountaine 
of Sasanou; and the high mountaine of Massachusit: 
each of which you shall finde in the Mappe; their places, 
formes, and altitude. 

The waters are most pure, proceeding from the intrals 
of rockie mountaines. 

The hearbes and fruits are of many sorts and kindes: 
as alkermes, curran(t]s, or a fruit like curran[t]s, mulberries, 


: 
; 
, 


Sele by Captaine Lohn Smith. 


vines, respices, goosberries, plummes, walnuts, chesnuts, 
small nuts, &c., pumpions, gourds, strawberries, beans, 
pease, and mayze; a kinde or two of flax, wherewith they 
make nets, lines, and ropes both small and great, verie 
strong for their quantities [substance]. 

Oke is the chiefe wood; of which there is great dif- 
ference in regard of the soyle where it groweth: firre, 
pyne, walnut, ches[t]nut, birch, ash, elme, cypresse, ceder, 
mulberrie, plum tree, hazell, saxefrage, and many othersorts. 

Eagles, Gripes, diuers sorts of Haukes, Cranes, Geese, 
Brants, Cormorants, Ducks, Sheldrakes, Teale, Meawes, 
Guls, Turkies, Diue-doppers, and many other sorts, whose 
names I knowe not. 

Whales, Grampus, Porkpisces, Turbut, Sturgion, Cod, 
Hake, Haddock, Cole, Cusk or small Ling, Shark, 
Mackerell, Herring, Mullet, Bas[sJe, Pinacks, Cunners, 
Pearch, Eels, Crabs, Lobsters, Muskles, Wilkes, Oysters, 
and diuerse others, &c. 

Moos[e], a beast bigger then a Stagge; deere, red and 
Fallow; Beuers, Wolues, Foxes both blacke and other; 
Aroughconds, Wild-cats, Beares, Otters, [80] Martins, 
Fitches, Musquassus, and diuerse sorts of vermine, whose 
names I know not. 

All these and diuerse other good things do heere, for 
want of vse, still increase, and decrease with little dimi- 
nution; whereby they growe to that abundance [that] you 
shall scarce finde any Baye, shallow shore, or Coue of 
sand, where you may not take many Clampes, or Lobsters, 
or both at your pleasure; and in many places lode your boat 
if you please: nor Iles where you finde not fruits, birds, 
crabs, and muskles, or all of them for [the] taking, at a 
lowe water. And in the harbors we frequented, a little 
boye might take of Cunners and Pinacks and such deli- 
cate fish, at the ships sterne, more then sixe or tenne can 
eate in a daie; but with a casting net, thousands when 
wee pleased: and scarce any place, but Cod, Cuske, 
Holybut, Mackerell, Scate, or such like, a man may take 
with a hooke or line what he will. And in diuers sandy 
Baies, a man may draw with a net great store of Mullets, 
Ba{s|ses, and diuers other sorts of such excellent fish, as 
many as his Net can drawe on shore. [There is] no 


207 


[1614] 


Woods. 


Birds. 


Fishes. 


Beasts. 


[d.720,] 


208 The description of New England, [18 yas ie 


[1614] Riuer where there is not plentie of Sturgion, or Salmon, 
or both: all which are to be had in abundance obseruing 
but their seasons. But if aman will goe at Christmasse 
to gather Cherries in Kent, he may be deceiued, though 
there be plentie in Summer: so heere, these plenties haue 
each their seasons, as I haue expressed. 

We for the most part had little but bread and vinegar : 
and though the most part of Iuly when the fishing 
decaied, they wrought all day, laie abroade in the [les 
[81] all night, and liued on what they found, yet were 
[they] not sicke. But I would wish none [to] put himself 
long to such plunges, except necessitie constraine it. 
Yet worthy is that person to starue that heere cannot 
liue ; if he haue sense, strength, and health: for, there 
is no such penury of these blessings in any place, but that 
a hundred men may, in one houre or two, make their 
prouisions for a day; and hee that hath experience to 
mannage well these affaires, with fortie or thirtie honest 
industrious men, might well vndertake (if they dwell in 
these parts) to subiect the Saluages, and feed daily two 
or three hundred men, with as good corne, fish, and flesh, 
as the earth hath of those kindes, and yet make that labor 
but their pleasure: prouided that they haue engin[e]s that 
be proper for their purposes. 


gupote To Who can desire more content, that hath small meanes ; 


haus great OF but only his merit to aduance his fortune, then to tread, 
smalmeanes. 2nd plant that ground hee hath purchased by the hazard 
of his life? Ifhe haue but the taste of virtue and mag- 
nanimitie, what to such a minde can bee more pleasant, 
then planting and building a foundation for his Posteritie, 
gotte from the rude earth, by Gods blessing and his owne 
industrie, without preiudice to any? If hee haue any 
graine of faith or zeale in Religion, what can hee doe lesse 
hurtfull to any: or more agreeable to God, then to seeke to 
conuert those poore Saluages to know Christ, and human- 
itie, whose labors with discretion will triple requite thy 
charge and paines? What so truely su[i]tes with honour 
and honestie, [82] as the discouering things ynknowne ? 
erecting Townes, peopling Countries, informing the 
ignorant, reforming things vniust, teaching virtue; and 


ag Peer by Captaine Iohn Smith. 


gaine to our Natiue mother-countrie a kingdom to attend 
her: finde imployment for those that are idle, because they 
know not what to doe: so farre from wronging any, as to 
cause Posteritie to remember thee ; and remembring thee, 
euer honour that remembrance with praise ? 

Consider: What were the beginnings and endings of the 
Monarkies of the Chaldeans, the Syrians, the Grecians, and 
Romanes, but this one rule; What was it they would not 
doe, for the good of the commonwealth, or their Mother- 
citie? For example: Rome, What made her such a Mon- 
archesse, but onely the aduentures of her youth, not in riots 
at home; but in dangers abroade? and the iustice and iudge- 
ment out of their experience, when they grewe aged. What 
was their ruine and hurt, but this; The excesse of 
idlenesse, the fondnesse of Parents, the want of experience 
in Magistrates, the admiration of their vndeserued honours, 
the contempt of true merit, their vniust iealo[ulsies, their 
politickeincredulities, their hypocriticall seeming goodnesse, 
and their deeds of secret lewdnesse? finally, in fine, grow- 
ing onely formall temporists, all that their predecessors 
got in many years, they lost in few daies. Those by their 
pain and vertues became Lords of the world ; they by their 
ease and vices became slaues to their seruants. This is 
the difference betwixt the vse of Armes in the field, and 
on the monuments of stones ; [88] the golden age and the 
leaden age, prosperity and miserie, iustice and corruption, 
substance and shadowes, words and deeds, experience and 
imagination, making Commonwealths and marring Com- 
monwealths, the fruits of vertue and the conclusions of vice. 

Then, who would liue at home idly (or thinke in him- 
selfe any worth to liue) onely to eate, drink, and sleepe, 
and so die? Or by consuming that carelesly, his friends 
got worthily? Or by vsing that miserably, that maintained 
vertue honestly ? Or for being descended nobly, pine with 
the vaine vaunt of great kindred, in penurie? Or (to 
maintaine a silly shewe of brauery) toyle out thy heart, 
soule, and time, basely ; by shifts, tricks, cards, and dice? 
Or by relating newes of others actions, sharke here or 
there for a dinner, or supper; deceiue thy friends, by faire 
promises and dissimulation, in borrowing where thou 


209 


[1616] 


neue intendest to pay; offend the lawes, surfeit with [4.7241 


14 


210 


[1616] 


An example 
of secure 
coueteous- 
ness, 


LA. 725+] 


The description of New England, [ oes yee oe 


excesse, burden thy Country, abuse thy selfe, despaire in 
want, and then couzen thy kindred, yea euen thine owne 
brother, and wish thy parents death (I will not say dam- 
nation) to haue their estates? though thou seest what 
honours, and rewards, the world yet hath for them [who] 
will seeke them and worthily deserue them. 

I would be sor[r]y to offend, or that any should mistake 
my honest meaning: for I wish good to all, hurt to none. 
But rich men for the most part are growne to that dotage, 
through their pride in (84] their wealth, as though there 
were no accident could end it, or their life. 

And what hellish care do such take to make it their owne 
miserie, and their Countries spoile, especially when there 
is most neede of their imployment? drawing by all manner 
of inuentions, from the Prince and his honest subiects, 
euen the vitall spirits of their powers and estates: as if 
their Bagges, or Bragges, were so powerfull a defence, the 
malicious could not assault them ; when they are the onely 
baite, to cause vs not to be onely assaulted ; but betrayed 
and murdered in our owne security, ere we well perceiue it. 

May not the miserable ruine of Constantinople, their 
impregnable walles, riches, and pleasures [at] last taken by 
the Turke (which are but a bit, in comparison of their now 
mightines) remember vs of the effects of priuate couet- 
ousness ? at which time the good Emperour held himselfe 
rich enough, to haue such rich subiects, so formall in all 
excesse of vanity, all kinde of delicacie and prodigalitie. 
His pouertie when the Turke besieged, the citizens (whose 
marchandizing thoughts were onely to get wealth, little 
conceiuing the desperate resolution of a valiant expert 
enemy) left the Emp[erour] so long to his conclusions, 
hauing spent all he had to pay his young, raw, discon- 
tented Souldiers; that sodainly he, they, and their citie 
were all a prey to the deuouring Tuvke. And what they 
would not spare for the maintenance of them who aduen- 
tured their liues to defend them, did serue onely their 
{85] enemies to torment them, their friends, and countrey, 


‘and all Christendome to this present day. Let this 


lamentable example remember you that are rich (seeing 
there are such great theeues in the world to robbe you) 
not [to] grudge to lend some proportion, to breed them that 


Atjocn | by Captaine Tohn Smith. 


haue little, yet [are] willing to learne how to defend you: 
for, it is too late when the deede is a-doing. 

The Romanes estate hath beene worse then this: for, the 
meere couetousnesse and extortion of a few of them, so 
mooued the rest, that not hauing any imployment but 
contemplation; their great iudgements grew to so great 
malice, as themselues were sufficient to destroy themselues 
by faction: Let this mooue you to embrace imployment 
for those whose educations, spirits, and iudgements want 
but your purses; not onely to preuent such accustomed 
dangers, but also to gaine more thereby then you haue. 

And you fathers, that are either so foolishly fond, or so 
miserably couteous, or sowillfully ignorant, orso negligently 
carelesse, as that you will rather maintaine your children in 
idle wantonness, till they grow your masters; or become so 
basely vnkinde, as they wish nothing but your deaths; so 
that both sorts grow dissolute: and although you would 
wish them any where to escape the gallowes, and ease your 
cares ; though they spend you here one, two, or three 
hundred pound{s] a yeer; you would grudge to giue halfe 
so much in aduenture with them, to obtaine an estate, 
which in a small time, but with a little assistance of your 
[86] prouidence, might be better then your owne. But if an 
Angell should tell you, [that] any place yet vnknowne can 
afford such fortunes ; you would not beleeue him, no more 
then Columbus was beleeued there was any such Land as is 
now the well knowne abounding America; much lesse such 
large Regions as are yet vnknowne, as well in America, as 
in Affrica, and Asia, and Terra incognita ; where were 
courses for gentlemen (and them that would be so reputed) 
more suiting their qualities, then begging from their 
Princes generous disposition, the labours of his subiects, 
and the very marrow of his maintenance. 


I haue not beene so ill bred, but I haue tasted of Plenty 
and Pleasure, as well as Want and Miserie: nor doth neces- 
sitie yet, or occasion of discontent, force me to these 
endeauors : nor am I ignorant what small thanke I shall 
haue for my paines ; or that many would haue the Worlde 
imagine them to be of great i1udgement, that can but 
blemish these my designes, by their witty obiections and 


21! 


[1616] 


The 
Authors 
conditions, 


22 


[1616] 


[. 726.1 


{A. 928.] 


The 
planters 
pleasures, 


and profits. 


The description of New England, (418 pane we. 


detractions: yet (I hope) my reasons with my deeds, will 
so preuaile with some, that I shall not want imployment 
in these affaires, to make the most blinde see his owne 
senselessnesse, and incredulity ; Hoping that gaine will 
make them affect that, which Religion, Charity, and the 
Common good cannot. It were but a poore deuice in 
me, To deceiue my selfe; much more the King, State, my 
Friends and Countrey, with these inducements: which, 
seeing his Maiestie hath giuen [$7] permission, I wish all 
sorts of worthie, honest, industrious spirits, would vnder- 
stand: and if they desire any further satisfaction, I will 
doe my best to giue it : Not to perswade them to goe onely ; 
but goe with them: Not leaue them there; but liue with 
them there. 

I will not say, but by ill prouiding and vndue mana- 
ging, such courses may be taken, [that] may make us 
miserable enough: But if I may haue the execution of 
what I haue proiected; if they want to eate, let them 
eate or neuer digest Me. If I performe what I say, I desire 
but that reward out of the gaines [which] may su[iJte my 
paines, quality, and condition. And if I abuse you with 
my tongue, take my head for satisfaction. If any dislike 
at the yeares end, defraying their charge, by my consent they 
should freely returne. I feare not want of companie suffi- 
cient, were it but knowne what I know of those Countries; 
and by the proofe of that wealth I hope yearely to returne, 
if God please to blesse me from such accidents, as are 
beyond my power in reason to preuent: For, I am not so 
simple to thinke, that euer any other motiue then wealth, 
will euer erect there a Commonweale; or draw companie 
from their ease and humours at home, to stay in New 
England to effect my purposes. 

And lest any should think the toile might be insupport- 
able, though these things may be had by labour, and dili- 
gence: I assure my selfe there are who delight extreamly in 
vaine pleasure, that take much more paines in England, 
to enioy it, then I should doe heere [New England] to gaine 


wealth sufficient : [88] and yet I thinke they should not 


haue halfe such sweet content: for, our pleasure here is still 
gaines; in England charges and losse. Heer nature and 
liberty affords vs that freely, which in England we want, 


a. 
i 
r 
4 

] 

; 

. 

f 


rte | by Captaine Iohn Smith. 


or it costeth vs dearely. What pleasure can be more, 
then (being tired with any occasion a-shore, in planting 
Vines, Fruits, or Hearbs, in contriuing their owne Grounds, 
to the pleasure of their owne mindes, their Fields, Gardens, 
Orchards, Buildings, Ships, and other works, &c.) to 
recreate themselues before their owne doores, in their owne 
boates vpon the Sea; where man, woman and childe, with 
a small hooke and line, by angling, may take diuerse 
sorts of excellent fish, at their pleasures? And is it not 
pretty sport, to pull vp two pence, six pence, and twelue 
pence, as fast as you can ha[u]le and veare aline? Heisa 
very bad fisher [that] cannot kill in one day with his hooke 
and line, one, two, or three hundred Cods: whichdressedand 
dried, if they be sould there for ten shillings the hundred, 
though in England they will giue more than twentie, may 
not both the seruant, the master, and marchant, be well 
content with this gaine ? Ifa man worke but three dayes 
in seauen, he may get more then hee can spend, vnlesse he 
will be excessiue. Now that Carpenter, Mason, Gardiner, 
Taylor, Smith, Sailer, Forgers, or what other, may they 
not make this a pretty recreation though they fish but an 
houre in a day, to take more then they eate in a weeke? 
or if they will not eate it, because there is so much 
better (89] choice; yet sell it, or change it, with the 
fisher men, or marchants, for any thing they want. And 
what sport doth yeeld a more pleasing content, and lesse 
hurt or charge then angling with a hooke; and crossing 
the sweete ayre from Ile to Ile, ouer the silent streames 
of acalme Sea? Wherein the most curious may finde 
pleasure, profit, and content. 

Thus, though all men be not fishers: yet all men, whatso- 
euer, may in other matters doe as well. For necessity doth 
in these cases so rule a Commonwealth, and each in their 
seuerall functions, as their labours in their qualities may be 
as profitable, because there isa necessary mutuall vse of all. 

For Gentlemen, what exercise should more delight them, 
then ranging dayly those vnknowne parts, vsing fowling 
and fishing, for hunting and hawking? and yet you shall 
see the wilde-haukes giue you some pleasure, in seeing 
them stoope (six or seauen after one another) an houre or 
two together, at the skuls of fish in the faire harbours, as 


213 
[1616] 


(A. 727-] 


Imploy- 
ments for 
gentlemen. 


214 
[1616] 


(A. 728.) 


Employ- 
ments for 
labourers. 


Example of 
the Span- 
yards. 


The description of New England, — [q18 shane we. 


those a-shore at a foule; and neuer trouble nor torment 
yourselues, with watching, mewing, feeding, and attending 


them: nor kill horse and man with running and crying, 


See you not a hawk? For hunting also: the woods, lakes, 
and riuers affoord not onely chase sufficient, for any that 
delights in that kinde of toyle, or pleasure; but such 
beasts to hunt, that besides the delicacy of their bodies 
for food, their skins are so rich, as may well recompence 
thy dayly labour, with a Captains pay. [40] 

For labourers, if those that sowe hemp, rape, tur- 
nups, parsnips, carrats, cabidge, and such like; giue 
20, 30, 40, 50 shillings yearely for an acre of ground, and 
meat drinke and wages to vse it, and yet grow rich; when 
better, or at least as good ground, may be had, and cost 
nothing but labour; it seems strange to me, any such 
should there grow poore. 

My purpose is not to perswade children from their 
parents; men from their wiues; nor seruants from their 
masters: onely, such as with free consent may be spared: 
But that each parish, or village, in Citie or Countrey, 
that will but apparell their fatherlesse children, of 
thirteene or fourteen years of age, or young mar[rjied 
people, that haue small wealth to liue on; heere by their 
labour may liue exceeding well: prouided alwaies that first 
there bee a sufficient power to command them, houses to 
receiue them, meanes to defend them, and meet prouisions 
for them ; for, any place may bee ouerlain: and it is most 
necessarie to haue a fortresse (ere this grow to practice) 
and sufficient masters (as, Carpenters, Masons, Fishers, 
Fowlers, Gardiners, Husbandmen, Sawyers, Smiths, 
Spinsters, Taylors, Weauers, and such like) to take ten, 
twelue, or twentie, or as ther is occasion, for Apprentises. 
The Masters by this may quicklie growe rich; these may 
learne their trades themselues, to doe the like; to a 
generall and an incredible benefit, for King, and Countrey, 
Master, and Seruant. [41] 


It would bee an historie of a large volume, to recite 
the aduentures of the Sfanyards, and Portugals, their 
affronts and defeats, their dangers and miseries; which 
with such incomparable honour and constant resolution, 


4 


a Serr by Captaine Iohn Smith. 


so farre beyond beleefe, they haue attempted and indured 
in their discoueries and plantations, as may well condemne 
vs, of too much imbecillitie, sloth, and negligence: yet 
the Authors of those new inuentions, were held as ridicu- 
lous, for a long time, as now are others, that doe but 
seek to imitate their vnparalleled vertues. And though 
we see daily their mountaines of wealth (sprong from the 
plants of their generous indeuours) yet is our sensualitie 
and vntowardnesse such, and so great, that wee either 
ignorantly beleeue nothing, or so curiously contest to 
preuent wee knowe not what future euents; that wee 
either so neglect, or oppresse and discourage the present, 
as wee spoile all in the making, crop all in the blooming; 
and building vpon faire sand, ratherthen roughrockes, iudge 
that wee knowe not, gouerne that wee haue not, feare that 
which is not; and for feare some should doe too well, 
force such against their willes to be idle or as ill. And who 
is he [that] hath iudgement, courage, and any industrie or 
qualitie with vnderstanding, will leaue his Countrie, his 
hopes at home, his certaine estate, his friends, pleasures, 
libertie, and the preferment sweete England doth afford to 
all degrees, were it not to aduance his fortunes by inioying 
his deserts? whose prosperitie once appearing will incourage 
others: but it must be cherished [42] as a childe, till it 
be able to goe, and vnderstand it selfe, and not corrected 


215 


[1616] 


[A 729] 


nor oppressed aboue it[s] strength, ere it knowe wherefore. | 


A child can neither performe the office, nor deedes of a 
man of strength, nor indure that affliction He is able; nor 
can an Apprentice at the first performe the part ofa Maister. 
And if twentie yeeres bee required to make a child 
aman, seuen yeares limited [to] an apprentice for his trade, 
if scarce an age be sufficient to make a wise man a 
States man, and commonly a man dies ere he hath learned 
to be discreet: If perfection be so hard to be obtained, as 
of necessitie there must bee practice, as well as theorick : 
Let no man much condemne this paradox opinion, to say, 
that halfe seauen yeeres is scarce sufficient, for a good 
capacitie, to learne in these affaires, how to carrie him- 
selfe: and who euer shall trie in these remote places the 
erecting of a Colony, shall finde at the ende of seauen 
yeares occasion enough to vse all his discretion: and, in 


216 
(1616] 


[ A. 730.] 


The blisse of 
Spaine. 


The description of New England, was jos aes 


the Interim all the content, rewardes, gaines, and hopes 
will be necessarily required, to be giuen to the beginning, 
till it bee able to creepe, to stand, and goe, yet time 
enough to keepe it from running: for there is no feare 
it wil grow too fast, or euer to any thing; excepte libertie, 
profit, honor, and prosperitie there found, more binde the 
planters of those affaires, in deuotion to effect it; then 
bondage, violence, tyranny, ingratitude and such double 
dealing, as bindes freemen to become slaues, and honest 
men [to] turne knaues: which hath euer bin the ruine of the 
most popular [48] common-weales; and is verie vnlikelie 
euer well to begin in a new. 

Who seeth not what is the greatest good of the 
Spanyard, but these new conclusions, in searching those 
vnknowne parts of the vnknowne world? Bywhich meanes 
hee diues euen into the verie secrets of all his Neighbours, 
and the most part of the world: and when the Portugale 
and Spanyard had found the East and West Indies; how 
many did condemn themselues, that did not accept of that 
honest offer of Noble Columbus? who, vpon our neglect, 
brought them to it, perswading our selues the world had 
no such places as they had found: and yet euer since wee 
finde, they still (from time to time) haue found new Lands, 
new Nations, and trades, and still daily dooe finde both in 
Asia, Africa, Terra Incognita, and America; so that there 
is neither Soldier nor Mechanick, from the Lord to the 
beggar, but those parts afforde them all imploiment; and 
discharge their Natiue soile, of so many thousands of all 
sorts, that else, by their sloth, pride, and imperfections, 
would long ere this haue troubled their neighbours, or haue 
eaten the pride of Spaine it selfe. 

Now he knowes little, that knowes not England may 
well spare many more people then Sfaine, and is as well 
able to furnish them with all manner of necessaries. And 
seeing, for all they haue, they cease not still to search for 
that they haue not, and know not; Itis strange we should 
be so dull, as not [to] maintaine that which wee haue, and 
pursue that wee [44] know. 

Surely Iam sure many would taste it ill, to bee abridged 
of the titles and honours of their predecessors: when if but 
truly they would iudge themselues ; looke how inferior they 


J. Smith. by Captaine Tohn Sintth. any. 


3-18 June 1616. 


are to their noble vertues, so much they are vnworthy of [1616] 
their honours and liuings: which neuer were ordained for 
showes and shadowes, to maintaine idlenesse and vice; but 
to make them more able to abound in honor, by heroycall 
deeds of action, iudgement, pietie, and vertue. What wasit, 
they would not doe both in purse and person, for the good of 
the Commonwealth ? which might moue them presently to 
set out their spare kindred in these generous designes. 

Religion, aboue all things, should moue vs (especially the [¢. 73:.1 
Clergie) if wee were religious, to shewe our faith by our 
workes ; in conuerting those poore saluages, to the know- 
ledge of God, seeing what paines the Spanyards take to 
bring them to their adulterated faith. Honor might moue 
the Gentrie, the valiant, and industrious; and the hope 
and assurance of wealth, all; if wee were that we would 
seeme, and be accounted. Or be we so far inferior to other 
nations, or our spirits so far deiected, from our auncient 
predecessors, or our mindes so [set] vpon spoile, piracie, and 
such villany, as to serue the Portugall, Spanyard, Dutch, 
French, or Turke, (as to the cost of Europe, too many 
dooe) rather then our God, our King, our Country, and our 
selues ? excusing our idlenesse, and our base complaints, 
by want of imploiement; when heere is such choise of all 
sorts, and for all degrees, in the planting(45] and dis- 
couering these North parts of America. 


ow to make my words more apparent by my Mysecond 
(lig deeds; Iwas, thelast yeare,1615.to hauestaied y27%°'° 
in the Countrie, to make a more ample triall of England. 

those conclusions with sixteene men; whose 


names were 


Thomas Dirmir. Iohn Partridge. . tp. 732.1 
Edward Stalings. and two botes. | Souldiers. (4#.209,258, 
Damiel Cage. Gent. Thomas Digbie. 47-1 
Francis A bbot. Daniel Baker. (fp. 221, 734] 

Tohn Gosling. Adam Smith. 


William Ingram. Thomas Watson, ( >2ilers. 


Robert Miter. soso Walter Chissick. 
Dauid Cooper. Iohn Hall, 


218 
[1615] 


[ B. 205.] 


The description of New England, Base : 


I confesse, I could haue wished them as many thousands, 
had all other prouisions bin in like proportion: nor would 
I haue had so fewe, could I haue had meanes for more: 
yet (would God haue pleased wee had safely arriued) I neuer 
had the like authoritie, freedom, and prouision, to doe so 
well. The maine assistance next God, I had to this small 
number, was my acquaintance among the Saluages; 
especially, with Dohannida, one of their greatest Lords; 
who had liued long in England. By the meanes of this 
proud Saluage, I did not doubt but quickly to haue gotte 
that credit with the rest of his friends and alliants, to haue 
had as many of them, as I desired, in any designe I in- 
tended; and that trade also they had, by such a kind of 
exchange [46] of their Countrie commodities ; which both 
with ease and securitie in their seasons may be vsed. 

With him and diuerse others, I had concluded to inhabit, 
and defend them against the Terentynes; with a better 
power then the French did them; whose tyranny did inforce 
them to imbrace my offer, with no small deuotion. 


And though many may thinke me more bolde then wise, 
in regard to their power, dexteritie, treacherie, and incon- 


(44.697,70r.1 stancie; hauing so desperately assaulted and betraied 


(A. 733+] 


many others: I say but this (because with so many, I haue 
many times done much more in Virginia, then I intended 
heere, when I wanted that experience Virginia taught me) 
that to mee it seemes no daunger more then ordinarie. And 
though I know my selfe [to be] the meanest of many thou- 
sands, whose apprehensiue inspection can pearce beyond the 
boundes of my habilities, into the hidden things of Nature, 
Art, and Reason; yet I intreate such [to] giue me leaue to 
excuse my selfe of so muchimbecilitie, as to say, thatin these 
eight yeares [1606-1614] which I haue been conuersant with 
these affaires, I haue not learned there is a great difference, 
betwixt the directions and iudgement of experimentall 
knowledge, and the superficiall coniecture of variable 
relation: wherein rumor, humor, or misprision haue such 
power that oft times one is enough to beguile twenty; but 
twentie not sufficient to keep one from being deceiued. 
Therefore I know no reason but to beleeue my own eies 
before any mans imagination, that is but wrested from the 


og cepa by Captain Tohn Smith. 


conceits of my owne proiects, and indeauours. [47] But I 
honor, with all affection, the counsell and instructions of 
iudiciall directions, or any other honest aduertisement ; so 
farre to obserue, as they tie mee not to the crueltie of 
vnknowne euents. 

These are the inducements that thus drew me to neglect 
all other imployments, and spend my time and best 
abilities in these aduentures. Wherein, though I haue 
had many discouragements by the ingratitude of some, the 
malicious slanders of others, the falsenesse of friendes, the 
trechery of cowards, and slownesse of aduenturers: but 
chiefly by one Hunt, who was Master of the ship, with 
whom oft arguing these proiects for a plantation, howeuer 
hee seemed well in words to like it, yet he practiced to haue 
robbed mee of my plots [maps], and obseruations, and so to 
leaue me alone in a desolate Ile, to the fury of famine, and 
all other extreamities (lest I should haue acquainted Sir 
Thomas Smith, my Honourable good friend, and the 
Councell of Virginia); to the end, he and his associates 
might secretly ingrosse it, ere it were knowne to the State. 

Yet that God that alway hath kept me from the worst 
of such practices, deliuered me from the worst of his dis- 
simulations. 

Notwithstanding after my departure, hee abused the 
Saluages where hee came, and betrayed twenty seauen of 
these poore innocent soules, which he sould in Spaine for 
slaues; to mooue their hate against our Nation, as well as 
to cause my proceedings to be so much the more difficult. 


Now, returning in the Bark, in the fift of August [1614], 
[48] I arriued at Plimouth: where imparting there my pur- 
poses to my honourable friend Sir Ferdinando Gorge, and 
some others ; I was so incouraged, and assured to haue the 
managing their authoritie in those parts, during my life, 
that I ingaged myselfe to vndertake it for them. 

Arriuing at London, I found also many promise me such 
assistance, that I entertained Michaell Cooper the Master, 
who returned with mee, and others of the company. How 
hee dealt with others, or others with him, I know not: But 
my publike proceeding gaue such incouragement, that it 
became so well apprehended by some fewe of the Southren 


219 
[1614] 


[ AA. 220, 
698, 754] 


[42.700,733-] 


220 The description of New England, [418 sine tess. 


(1615) Company, asthese proiects were liked, and he furnished from 
London with foure ships at Sea, before they at Plimouth had 
made any prouision at all, but onely a ship cheefely set out 

(4.70% » by Sir Ferdinando Gorge; which, vpon Hunts late trecherie 
among the Saluages, returned as she went, and did little 
or nothing, but lost her time. 

I must confesse I was beholden to the setters forth of 
the foure ships that went with Cooper; in that they offered 
mee that imploiment if I would accept it: and I finde, 
my refusall hath incurred some of their displeasures, whose 
fauor and loue I exceedingly desire, if I may honestly inioy 
it. And though they doe censure me as opposite to their 
proceedings; they shall yet still in all my words and 
deedes finde, it is their error, not my fault, that occasions 
their dislike. For hauing ingaged my selfe in this businesse 
to the West Countrie; I had beene verie dishonest to haue 
[49] broke my promise; nor will I spend more time in 
discouerie or fishing, till I may goe with a companie for 
plantation: for, 1 know my grounds. Yet euery one that 
reades this booke can not put it in practice ; though it may 
helpe any that haue seene those parts. And though they 
endeauour to worke me euen out of my owne designes, I 
will not much enuy their fortunes: but, I would bee sory, 
their intruding ignorance should, by their defailements, 
bring those certainties to doubtfulnesse. So that the 
businesse prosper, I haue my desire; be it by Londoner, 
Scot, Welch, or English, that are true subiects to our King 
and Countrey: the good of my Countrey is that I seeke ; 
and there is more then enough for all, if they could bee 
content but to proceed. 


slogan At last it pleased Sir Ferdinando Gorge, and Master 

returne. Doctor Sut(cjliffe, Deane of Exceter, to conceiue so well of 
these proiects, and my former imployments, as induced 
them to make a new aduenture with me in those parts, 
whither they haue so often sent to their continuall losse. 
By whose example, many inhabitants of the West Country, 
made promises of much more then was looked for, but 
their priuate emulations quickly qualified that heat in the 
greater number; so that the burden lay principally on 
them, and some few Gentlemen, my friends, in London, 


J 
j 
4 
! 
- 
r 


ae 


=e 


eget g by Captaine Iohn Smith. 


In the end I was furnished with a Ship of 200. and 
another of 50 [tons]. But ere I had sayled 120 leagues, shee 
broke all her masts; pumping each watch 5 or 6000 
strokes: onely her spret saile [50] remayned to spoon 
before the wind, till we had reaccommodated her a Iury 
mast, and the rest, to returne for Plimouth. 

My Vice-admirall beeing lost [7.¢., Jostsightof |, not knowing 
of this, proceeded [on] her voyage. 

Now with the remainder of those prouisions, I got 
out again in a small Barke of 60 tuns with 30 men (for 
this of 200, and prouision for 70); which were the 16 before 
named [f. 217], and 14 other saylors for the ship. 

With those I set saile againe the 24 of Iune [1615]: where 
what befellme (because my actions and writings are so publicke 
to the world, enuy still seeking to scandalize my indeauours, 
and seeingno power but death can stop thechat of illtongues, 
nor imagination of mens mindes) lest my owne relations 
of those hard events, might by some constructors, be made 
doubtfull, I haue thought it best to insert the examinations 
of those proceedings, taken by Sir Lewis Stukley a worthie 
Knight, and Vice-admirall of Deuonshire; which were as 
followeth. 


The examination of Daniel Baker, late Steward 
to Captaine lohn Smith zx the returne of 
Plimouth ; ¢akex before Sir Lewis 
Stukley Knight, the erght of 

December 1615. 


14 Ho saith, being chased two dayes by one Fry, 
y an English Pirate, that could not board vs, by 
reason of foule weather, Edmund Chambers the 

, Master, Iohn Minter his mate, Thomas Digby 
the Pilot, and others importuned his saide Captaine to 
yeeld; houlding it vnpossible hee should defend [51] him- 
selfe: and that the saide Captaine should send them his 
boat, in that they had none: which at last he concluded 
vpon these conditions, That Fry the Pyrate should vow 

not to take any thing from Captaine Smith, that might 


221 


[1615] 


(A. 734-] 


My reim- 
barkment, 
incounters 
with pyrats 
and impri- 
sonment by 
the French. 


Captaine 
Fry his ship 
140 tuns, 36 
cast peeces 
and mure 
derers, 80 
men; of 
which 40, or 
50. were 
master 
gunners. 


222 


[1615] 


(2. 735-] 
ihe one of 
200, the 
other 20 
{tuns]. 


The Ad- 
mirall x40 
tuns, 12 
peeces, 12 
murderers, 
go men, 
with long 
pistols, 
pocket pis- 
tols, mus- 
ket[s], 
sword({s] and 
poniard{s] ; 
the Vice-ad- 
mirall, roo 
tuns; the 


The description of New England, — [518 sine sexe. 


overthrowe his voyage, nor send more Pirats into his 
ship then hee liked off; otherwaies, he would make 
sure of them he had, and defend himselfe against the 
rest as hee could. 

More: he confesseth that the quarter- masters and 
Chambers receiued golde of those Pirats; but how much, 
he knoweth not: Nor would his Captain come out of his 
Caben to entertaine them; although a great manyof them 
had beene his saylers, and for his loue would haue wafted 
vs to the Iles of Flowers. 

At Fyall, wee were chased by two French Pyrats, who 
commanded vs Amaine. Chambers, Minter, Digby and 
others, importuned againe the Captaine to yeeld ; alledging 
they were Turks, and would make them all slaues: or 
Frenchmen, and would throw them all ouer board if they 
shot but a peece; and that they were entertained to fish, 
and not to fight; vntill the Captaine vowed to fire the 
powder and split the ship, if they would not stand to their 
defence ; whereby at last wee went cleere of them, for all 
their shot. 

At Flowers, wee were chased by foure French men of 
warre; all with their close fights afore and after. And 
this examinants Captaine hauing provided for our defence, 
Chambers, Minter, Digby, [62] and some others, againe im- 
portuned him to yeeld to the fauour of those, against 
whom there was nothing but ruine by fighting: But if he 
would goe aboard them, in that hee could speak French, 
by curtesie hee might goe cleere ; seeing they offered him 
such faire quarter, and vowed they were Protestants, and 
all of Rochell, and had the Kings commission onely to 


miral 60; the take Spaniards, Portugales, and Pyrats ; which at last hee 


other 80 


men most[ly] 
armed as is 
said. 


did; but they kept this examinates Captaine and some 
other of his company with him. 

The next day the French men of warre went aboard vs, 
and tooke what they listed, and diuided the company into 
their seuerall ships, and manned this examinates ship 
with the Frenchmen, and chased with her all the shippes 
they saw: vntill about fiue or sixe dayes after, vpon better 
consideration, they surrendered the ship and victualls, with 
the most part of our prouision, but not our weapons. 

More: he confesseth that his Captaine exhorted them 


é 
J 
: 


Bei fas ane. by Captaine Iohn Smith. 


to performe their voyage, or goe for New found Land to 
returne fraughted with fish, where hee would finde meanes 
to proceed in his plantation: but Chambers and Minter 
grew vpon tearms they would not; vntill those that were 
Souldiers concluded with their Captaines resolution, they 
would; seeing they had clothes, victualls, salt, nets, and lines 
sufficient, and expected their armes, and such other things 
as they wanted, [which] the French men promised to restore. 

Which the Captaine the next day went to seeke, and sent 
them about loading of [53] commodities, as powder, match, 
hookes, instruments, his sword and dagger, bedding, aqua 
vite, his commission, apparell, and many other things; 
the particulars he remembreth not: But, as for the cloath, 
canuas, and the Captaines cloathes, Chambers, and his 
associats diuided it amongst themselues, and to whom 
they best liked; his Captaine not hauing any thing, to his 
knowledge, but his wastecoat and breeches. 

And in this manner going from ship to ship, to regaine 
our armes and the rest, they seeing a sayle, gaue chase 
vntill night. 

The next day, being very foule weather, this examinate 
came so neere with the ship vnto the French men of warre, 
that they split the maine sayle on the others spret sayle 
yard. Chambers willed the Captaine come aboard, or he 
would leaue him: whereupon the Captaine commanded 
Chambers to send his boate for him. Chambers replyed she 
was split (which was false), telling him hee might come if 
he would in the Admiralls boat. 

The Captaines answer was, he could not command her, 
nor come when hee would; so this examinate fell on sterne ; 
and that night left his said Captaine alone amongst the 
French men, in this maner, by the command of Chambers, 
Minter, and others. 


223 


{1615} 


The gentle- 
men and 
souldiers 
were euer 
willing to 
fight. 


Daniel Cage, Edward Stalngs, Gentlemen; Walter +. 238,732, 


Chissell, Dauid Cooper, Robert Miller, and Iohn 
Partridge, beeing examined, doe acknowledge 
and confesse, that Daniel Baker his examination 
aboue written is true. [54] 


736, 746). 


224 


[1615] 
[A. 736] 
A double 
treachery. 


A fleet of 
nine French 
men of war 
and fights 
with the 
Spaniards. 


(2 737-] 


The description of New England, | 518 ylne exe 


fired the ship, had they not ouerperswaded mee: and 
many other such like tricks to catch but opportunie in 
this maner to leaue me. And thus they returned to 
Plimouth, and perforce with the French I proceeded. 


Being a Fleet of eight or nine sayle, we watched for the 
West Indies fleet, till ill weather separated vs from the 
other 8. Still we spent our time about the Iles neere 
Fyall: where to keepe my perplexed thoughts from too 
much meditation of my miserable estate, I writ this dis- 
course; thinking to haue sent it [to] you of his Maiesties 
Councell, by some ship or other: for I saw their purpose 
was to take all they could. 

At last we were chased by one Captain Barra an English 
Pyrat, in a small ship with some twelue peeces of ordin- 
ance, about thirty men, and neer all starued. They sought 
by curtesie releefe of vs; who gaue them such faire pro- 
mises, as at last wee betrayed Captaine Wolliston (his 
Lieftenant) and foure or fiue of their men aboard vs, and 
then prouided to take the rest perforce. 

Now my part was to be prisoner in the gun roum, and not 
to speake to any of them vpon my life. Yet had Barra know- 
ledge whatI was. Then Barra perceiuing wel these French 
intents, made ready to fight; and Wolliston as resolutely 
regarded not their threats:(83] which causedvs [to] demurre 
vpon the matter longer, som[e] sixteene houres; and then 
returned their prisoners, and some victualls also, vpon a 
small composition. 

The next wee tooke was a small English man of Poole 
from New found Land. The great caben, at this present, 
was my prison; from whence I could see them pillage 
those poore men of all that they had, and halfe their fish: 
when hee was gone, they sould his poore cloathes at the 
maine mast, by an outcry, which scarce gaue each man 
seauen pence a pecce. 

Not long after, we tooke a Scot fraught from Saint 


a i . 


se ee eee 


ey fon by Captaine Tohn Smith. 


Michaels to Bristol: he had better fortune then the other. 
For, hauing but taken a boats loading of sugar, marmelade, 
suckets, and such like: we discried foure sayle, after whom 
we stood; who forling [ furling] their maine sayles attended 
vs to fight. But our French spirits were content onely to 
perceiue they were English red crosses. 

Within avery small time after, wee chased foure Spanish 
shippes [that] came from the Indies: we fought with them 
foure or fiue houres, tore their sayles and sides: yet not 
daring to board them, lost them. 

A poore Caruell of Brasile, was the next we chased: and 
after a small fight, thirteene or fourteen of her men being 
wounded, which was the better halfe; we took her, with 
370 chests of sugar. 

The next was a West Indies man, of 160 tuns, with 1200 
hides, 50 chests of cutchanell, 14 coffers of wedges of siluer, 
8000 ryalls of 8, and six coffers of the King of Spaines 
treasure; besides the pillage and rich coffers of many rich 
passengers. 

Two [56] monethes [Aug.—Oct. 1615] they kept me in this 
manner, to manage their fights against the Spaniards, and be 
a prisoner when they tooke any English. Now though the 
Captaine had oft broke his promise, which was to put me 
a-shore on the Iles[A zores], or the next ship he tooke: yet at 
last, he was intreated [ persuaded] I should goe for France in 
the Caruell of sugar; himself [being] resolued still to keepe 
the Seas. 

Within two dayes after, we were halijled by two West 
Indy men: but when they saw vs waue them for the King 
of France, they gaue vs their broad sides, shot through our 
mayne mast, and so left vs. 

Hauing liued thus, neer three moneths [Aug.- Nov. 1615] 
among those French men of warre; with much adoe, we 
arriued at the Gulion, not far from Rochel; where in stead 
of the great promises they alwaies fed me with, of double 
satisfaction, and full content, they kept me fiue or sixe 
daies prisoner in the Caruell: accusing me to bee him that 
burnt their Colony in New France; to force mee giue them 
a discharge before the Iudge of the Admiralty, and so stand 


to their curtesie for satisfaction, or lie in prison, or a worse ° 


mischiefe 


15 


225 


[1615] 


A prize 
worth 16000 
crownes. 


A prize 
worth 
200000 
crownes. 


[p- 738 


226 The description of New England, (eas Sait 


[1615] To preuent this choise, in the end of such a storme that 

Myescape beat them all vnder Hatches, I watched my opportunity 

fromthe to get a-shore in their boat; where-into, in the darke 

cee night, I secretly got: and with a halfe pike that lay 

(4.7391 by me, put a drift for Rat Ile: but the Current was so 
strong, and the Sea so great, I went a drift to Sea, till it 
pleased God the winde so turned with the tide, that 
although I was, all this fearefull night of gusts and raine, 
in the Sea, the space of 12 [87] houres, when many ships 
were driuen ashore, and diuerse split (and being with sculling 
and bayling the water tired, I expected each minute would 
sinke mee) at last I arriued in an oazie Ile by Charowne ; 
where certaine fowlers found mee neere drowned, and 
halfe dead, with water, colde, and hunger. 

By those, I found meanes to gette to Rochell; where I 
vnderstoode the man of warre which we left at Sea, and 
the rich prize was split; the Captaine drowned, and halfe 
his companie the same night, within seauen leagues of that 
place, from whence I escaped alone, in the little boate, by the 
mercy of God; far beyond all mens reason, or my expectation. 

Arriuing at Rochell, vypon my complaint to the Iudge of 
the Admiraltie, I founde many good words and faire 
promises; and ere long many of them that escaped 
drowning, tolde mee the newes they heard of my owne 
death: these I arresting, their seuerall examinations did 
so confirme my complaint, it was held proofe sufficient. 

All which being performed according to the order of 
iustice, from vnder the iudges hand; I presented it to the 

giz Thomas English Ambassador then at Burdeaux: where it was my 
chance to see the arriuall [21 Nov. 1615] of the Kings great 
mariage brought from Spaine. 

shee be Of the wrack of the rich prize some 36000. crownes worth 

hauing the of goods came a shore and was saued with the Caruell, 

of England: Which I did my best to arrest: the Iudge did promise me 

are uecayle - Shold haue iustice ; what will bee the conclusion as yet 

of English [Fune 1616], 1 know not. But vnder the colour to take Pirats 


more;besides 


themcon. and West-Indie men (because the Sfanyards will not [58] 
cued in suffer the French trade in the West-Indies) any goods 
yes from thence, tho[u]gh they take them vpon the Coast of 
that year. Spaine, are lawfull prize; or from any of his territories ou 
[47401 of the limits of Europe. 


eg laerer’ by Captaine Tohn Smith. 


Leauingthus mybusinesse in France,I returned [Dec. 1615) 
to Plimouth, to find them that had thus buried me amongst 
the French: and not onely buried mee, but with so much 
infamy as such treacherous cowards could suggest to 
excuse their villanies. But my clothes, bookes, instru- 
ments, Armes, and what I had, they shared amongst them, 
and what they liked; fayning, the French had all [that] 
was wanting: and had throwne them into the Sea, taken 
their ship, and all; had they not runne away and left me as 
they did. 

The cheeftaines of this mutinie that I could finde, I 
laied by the heeles; the rest, like themselues, confessed 
the truth as you haue heard [#. 221]. 

Now how I haue or could preuent these accidents, I rest 
at your censures. But to the matter. 


ae 


WO Ewfound-land at the first, I haue heard, was 

iz? held as desperate a fishing, as this I proiect in 
) New England; Placentia, and the Banke, were 
(ee QxQ also as doubtful to the French: But, for all 
disasters [that have] happened [to] mee, the businesse is 
the same as it was: and the fiue ships (whereof one was 
reported more then three hundred tunnes) went forward ; 
and found fish so much, that neither Izeland-men, nor 
Newfoundland-men, [that] I could heare of hath beene there, 
will goe any more to either place, if they may goe thither. 

So, that vpon the returne of my Viceadmirall that pro- 
ceeded on her voyage when I spent my [59] masts [p. 221]; 
from Plimouth this yeare [1616] are gone foure or fiue saile: 
and from London as many ; onely to make voyages of profit: 
where[as] the Englishmen haue yet beene, all their returnes 
together (except Sir Fr. Popphames) would scarce make one 
a sauer of neere a douzen I could nominate; though there 


227 


(1615-6) 


My returne 
for England 
1615. 


The suc- 
cesse of my 
vice-Ad- 
mirall and 
the feure 
ships of 
London, 
from New 
England. 


UA. 74%-] 


228 
{1616] 


[p- 934.] 


Us. 742.] 


The description of New England, 55 jee 


be fish sufficient, as I perswade my selfe, to fraught yearely 
foure or fiue hundred sayle, or as many as will goe. 

For this fishing stretcheth along the Coast from Cape Cod 
to Newfound-land, whichis seauen or eight hundered miles 
at the least; and hath his course in the deepes, and by the 
shore, all the yeare long; keeping their ha[u]nts and feedings 
as the beasts of the field, and the birds of the aire. But, 
all men are not such as they should bee, that haue vnder- 
taken those voiages: and a man that hath but heard of 
an instrument, can hardly vse it so well as hee that by 
vse hath contriued to make it. All the Romanes were 
not Scipioes: nor all the Geneweses, Columbuses: nor all 
Spanyards, Corteses: had they diued no deeper in the secrets 
of their discoueries then wee, or stopped at such doubts 
and poore accidentall chances; they had neuer beene 
remembered as they are; yet had they no such certainties 
to begin as wee. 


But, to conclude, Adam and Eve did first beginne this 
innocent worke, To plant the earth to remaine to posteritie, 
but not without labour, trouble, and industrie. Noe, and 
his family, beganne againe the second plantation; and 
their seede as it still increased, hath still planted new 
Countries, and one countrie another: and so the world 
to that estate itis. But [60] not without much hazard, 
trauell, discontents, and many disasters. Had those 
worthie Fathers, and their memorable off-spring not beene 
more diligent for vs now in these Ages, then wee are to 
plant that yet vnplanted, for the after liuers: Had the 
seede of Abraham, our Sauiour Christ, and his Apostles, 
exposed themselues to no more daungers to teach the 
Gospell, and the will of God then wee; Euen wee our 
selues, had at this present beene as Saluage, and as 
miserable as the most barbarous Saluage yet vnciuilized. 

The Hebrewes,and Lacedemonians, the Goths, the Grecians, 
the Romanes, and the rest, what was it they would not 
vndertake to inlarge their Territories, enrich their subiects, 
resist their enemies? Those that were the founders of 
those great Monarchies and their vertues, were no siluered 
idle golden Pharises, but industrious iron-steeled Publicans : 
They regarded more prouisions, and necessaries for their 


epee by Captaine Iohn Smith. 


people, then iewels, riches, ease, or delight for themselues. 
Riches were their seruants, not their Maisters. They 
ruled (as Fathers, not as Tyrantes) their people as children, 
not as slaues; there was no disaster could discourage 
them ; and let none thinke they incountered not with all 
manner of incumbrances. And what haue euer beene the 
workes of the greatest Princes of the earth, but planting 
of countries, and ciuilizing barbarous and inhumane 
Nations, to ciuilitie and humanitie? whose eternall 
actions, fill our histories. Lastly, the Portugales and 
Spanyards: whose euerliuing actions, before our eyes will 
[61] testifie with them our idlenesse, and ingratitude to all 
posterities, and the neglect of our duties in our pietie and 
religion we owe our God, our King, and Countrie; and want 
of charity to these poore saluages, whose Countrie wee 
challenge, vse and possesse; excepte wee bee but made to 
vse, and marre what our Fore-fathers made, or but onely 
tell what they did, or esteeme ourselues too good to take 
the like paines. Was it vertue in them, to prouide that 
doth maintaine vs? and basenesse for vs to doe the like 
for others? Surely no. 

Then seeing we are not borne for our selues, but each to 
helpe other, and our abilities are much alike at the houre 
of our birth, and the minute of our death: Seeing our 
good deedes, or our badde, by faith in Christs merits, is 
all we haue to carrie our soules to heauen, or hell: Seeing 
honour is our liues ambition; and our ambition after death, 
to haue an honourable memorie of our life: and seeing by 

noe meanes wee would bee abated of the dignities 
and glories of our Predecessors; let 
vs imitate their vertues to 
bee worthily their 
successors. 


FINIS. 


At London printed the 18. of Iune, in the yeere 
of our Lord 1616. 


229 


[1616] 


[f. 936.) 


230 [Complimentary Verses. E. Robinson. 3 


61 To his worthy Captaine, the Author. 


[1616] Ft thou hast led, when I brought vp the Rere 
In bloodie wars, where thousands haue bin slaine. 
Then giue mee leaue, in this some part to beare ; 
And as thy serwant, heere to read my name. 
Tis true, long time thou hast my Captaine beene 
In the fierce wars of Transiluania : 
Long ere that thou America hadst seene, 
Or led wast captiued in Virginia ; 
Thou that to passe the worlds foure parts dost deeme 
No more, then t’were to goe to bed, or drinke, 
And all thou yet hast done, thou dost esteeme 
As nothing. This doth cause mee thinke 
That thou I’aue seene so oft approw’d in dangers 
(And thrice captiw’d, thy valor still hath freed) 
Art yet preserued, to conuert those strangers: 
By God thy guide; I trust it is decreed. 
For mee: I not commend, but much admire 
Thy England yet unknowne to passers by-her. 
For tt will praise tt selfe in spight of me; 
Thou it, rt thou, to all posteritie 


Your true friend, 


and souldier, 


Ed. Robinson. 


{Ensign Carlton and Sergeant Robinson, both of Captain Smith's own 
escaped alive from the battle of Rottenton [¢he Pass of Rothenthurm, 
Nov. 1602 ; see £P. 851-2.] 


T. Carlton. Complimentary Verses. | 231 


To my honest Captaine, the Author. ts. 


YQ Alignant Times! What can be said or don, [1616] 
| yi But shall be censur’d and traduc’t by some 
S$ This worthy Work, which thou hast bought so dear, 
Ne thou, nor it, Detractors neede to fear. 
Thy words by deedes so long thou hast approwd, 
Of thousands knowe thee not thou art below d. 
And this great Plot will make thee ten times more 
Knowne and beleu’d, than ere thou wert before. 
I neuer knew a Warryer yet, but thee, 
From wine, Tobacco, debts, dice, oaths, so free. 

I call thee Warrier : and I make the bolder ; 

For, many a Captaine now, was neuer Souldier. 
Some such may swell at this: but (to their praise) 
When they haue don like thee, my Muse shall raise 

Their due deserts to Worthies yet to come, 

To line like thine (admir’d) till day of Doome. 


Your true friend, 


somtimes your soldier, 


Tuo. CARLTON. 


Company of Cavalry, were the only two Englishmen, out of twelve, who 
in Transylvania, about 15 miles south of Hermannstadt] on the 18th 


Smith. 
232 wees 


[The additional page only found in some copies.] 


«6s  Becaufethe Bookewas printedere 


the Prince his Highneffe hadalteredthenames, 
I intreate the Reader, perufe this fche- 
dule; which will plainely fhew 
him the correfpondence of 
the old names to the 


new. 
{Compare The old names, The new. |The old names. The new. 
with List at 
2p. 699-700.) Cape Cod Cape lames Sowocatuck Ipfwitch 
[Cape Cod Harbour] Milford bhauen| Babana Dartmouth 
Chawum Barwick Sandwich 
Accomack Plimouth Ancocifco’s Mount Shooters bill 
Sagoquas Oxford Ancocifco The Bafe 
Maffachufets Mount Cheuit hill | Anmoughcawgex Cambridge 
Maffachufets Riuer Charles Riuer | Kinebeck Edenborough 
Totant Fawmouth | Sagadahock Leeth 
A Country not difcouera Briftow Pemmaquid S. Iohus towne 
[ Af. 204, Naemkeck Baftable Monahigan [*] Barties Iles 
or 78, | Cape Trabigzanda Cape Anne | Segocket Norwich 
ass, ee) age aivom Southhampton| Matinnack [*] Willowby’s Iles 
: Smith's Iles Smith's Iles | Metinnicus [*] Hoghton’s Iles 
Paffataquack Hull Mecadacut Dunbarton 
Accominticus Bofton Pennobjfcot Aborden 
Saffanowes Mount  Sno[w]don hill| Nusket Lowmonds 


(* These three named by Captain /. Swith, and not by Prince Chazles: see p- 700.) 


NEW 


ENGLANDS 


TRIALS. 


Declaring the successe of 26. Ships 
employed thither within these sixe yeares: 
with the benefit of that Countrey by sea and 
land: and how to build threescore sayle 
of good Ships, to make a little 
Navie Royall. 


Written by Captaine 
Tohn Smith. 


LONDON, 


Printed by VVilliam Lones. 
1620. 


234 


[It is evident from SMITH’s letter &c. printed at £. cxxi, that the 
substance of this tract was written so early as 1618. 
It was thus entered for publication at Stationers’ Halli: 
11 Becembris [1620] 
William Jones Entred for his Copie vnder the handes of Master 
Doctor GOADE and Master Lownes warden, 
A booke Called Mewe Englands tryall, by 1OHN 
SMITH. - . ; : ‘ : 4 vjd 
A Transcript of the Registers of the Company of Stationers of 
London, 1554-1640 A.D., Ed. by E. ARBER, iv. 43., 1877. 


For the bibliography of this tract, see 2. cxxx. 

It was, in the first instance, written to the Peers of the realm. “J 
present this vnto your Lordship, and to all the Lords in England, 
hoping (by your gracious good liking and approbation) to moue all the 
worthy Companies of this noble City, and all the cities and Countries 
in the whole Land to consider it.” 9. 247. 

Other copies were afterwards struck off with the dedication to the 
Fishmongers Company at 2. 236. 

Our Author says, in 1624: 

“ Now all these proofes and this relation I now call Mew-Englands 
triall. I caused two or three thousand of them to be printed : one thou- 
sand with a great many Maps both of Vzrginza and New-England,\ pre- 
sented to thirty of the chiefe Companies in Lomdon at their Halls desir- 
ing either generally or particularly (them that would) to imbraceit ... 

“ Neere a yeere [1621] I spent to vnderstand their resolutions, which 
was to me a greater toile and torment than to haue been in Mew- 
England about my businesse but with bread and water, and what I 
could get there by my labour; but in conclusion, seeing nothing would 
be effected, I was contented as well with this losse of time and charge 
as all the rest,” Z. 748. : 

And again, in 1630. 

“Yet for all this, in all this time [1616-1621], though I had divulged 
to my great labour, cost, and losse, more than seven thousand Bookes 
and Maps, and moved the particular Companies in London, as also 
Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Merchants for a Plantation, all availed no 
more than to hew Rocks with Oister-shels ; so fresh were the living 
abuses of Vzrginia and the Summer Iles in their memories,” Z. 941. 


Within four months of the publication of this tract, our indefatigable 
Author had already planned out the General History, see p. cxxv. 


Mr. CHARLES DEANE, in the Preface to his fifty-copy reprint of 
this tract, in 1873, states— 

“On my first visit to the Bodleian Library at Oxford, in 1866, the 
first book I asked to look at was HARIOT’s Virginia, 1588 ; and the 
second was the first edition of Captain JOHN SMITH’s Mew England 
Trials, 1620 ; both of which I had understood to be in that library. 
These books are of exceeding rarity ; and though the British Museum 
also has a copy of each, I am not aware that either can be found in 
this country [the United States].”] 


[Dedicatory Epistle in the Bodleian copy.] 


TO THE RIGHT 
HONORABLE AND 


Worthy aduenters to all discoueries and 


Plantations, espetially to New 
England. 


GRO the consideration of your fauourable 
ALPS constructions [ present these sixe yeares 
continued trials from New England: if 
you please to peruse them, and make vse of them, I am 
vithly rewarded. The subrect deseructh a farre 
better habit, but wt 1s as good as the father can gine 
wt. Let not therefore a souldiers platnnesse cause you 
refuse to accept it, how euer you please to dispose of 
him, that humbly sacreth himselfe and best abilities to 
his Countrzes good, and the exquisite tudgement of your 
renowned perfections. 


Yours to command, 
Lohn Smith. 


(1620) 


[Dedicatory Epistle in British Museum copy, C. 33 ¢. 15.] 


TO THE RIGGE 


WORSHIPFVL THE 


Maister, the Wardens, and 
the Companie of the 


Fish-mongers. 


SRO the consideration of your fauourable 
x 2, constructions I present these sixe yeares 
= continued trials from New England: if 
you please to peruse them, and make vse of them, [ am 
richly rewarded. The subtect deserueth a farre 
better habit, but tt ts as good as the father can giue 
zt. Let not therefore a souldters plainnesse cause you 
refuse to accept it, how euer you please to dispose of 
him, that humbly sacreth himselfe and best abtlities to 
his Countries good, and the exquisite tudgement of your 
renowned perfections. 


Yours to command, 
Lohn Smith. 


| 
r 
; 


NEVV ENGLANDS 
Trials. 


/Ew England is a part of America betwixt 
the degrees of 41. and 45. the very 
meane betwixt the North Pole and the 
Line. 

From 43. to 45. the coast is moun- 
tainous, rockie, barren and broken Iles 
that make many good harbours. The 
water is deepe close to the shoare; 
there are many riuers and fresh springs: few Saluages, 
but an incredible aboundance of fish, fowle, wilde fruits, 
and good timber. 

From 43. to 41. and halfe, an excellent mixed coast of 
stone, sand, and clay: much corne, many people, some 
Iles, many good harbours, a temperate ayre, and therein 
all things necessarie for the building [of] ships of any 
proportion, and good merchandize for their fraughts ; 
within a square of twelue leagues 25. harbours I sounded, 
thirtie seuerall Lordships I sawe, and so neare as I could 
imagine, three thousand men. I was vp one riuer fortie 
miles, crossed the mouths of many, whose heads are 
reported to be great Lakes; where they kill their Beuers ; 
inhabited with many people, who trade with those of New 
England, and them of Cannada. 


[1614] 


[Ap-192, 253) 
706, 938.) 


238 
[1577- 
1614] 


[pA 254, 
743+) 


(S. 197.) 


[6 744] 


New-Englands ¢rzads, Fie se 
The benefite of Fishing, as that famous Philosopher 
Master Dee reporteth in his Brittish 
Monarche [1577 A.D.) 


He saith, that more then forty foure yeares agoe [t.e., by 
1577], the Herring Busses out of the Low-countries, vnder 
the King of Spaine, were fiue hundred, besides one hundred 
Frenchmen, and three or foure hundred saile of Flemings. 

The coasts of Wales and Lankashire was vsed by three 
hundred sayle of strangers. 

Ireland at Baltemore fraughted yerely three hundred 
sayle of Spaniards, where King Edward the sixt intended 
to haue made a strong Castell, because of the straite, to 
haue tribute for fishing. 

Black Rocke was yearely fished by three or foure hundred 
sayle of Spaniards, Portugalls, and Biskiners. 


Master [Tobias] Gentleman [of Yarmouth] and 
many Fisher-men and Fishmongers, with 
whom I haue conferred, report : 


The Hollanders raise yearely [1.¢.,7 1620] by Herrings, 
Cod, and Ling, 3000000 pounds [1.e., sterling]. 

English and French, by Salt-fish, poore John, Salmons, 
and Pilchards, 300000. pounds. 

Hambrough and the Sound, for Sturgion, Lobsters and 
Eeles, 100000 pounds. 


Cape Blanke, Tunny and Mullit by the Biskiners and 
Spaniards, 30000. pounds. 


But diuers other learned experienced Obseruers say, 
though tt may seeme incredible : 


That the Duke of Medina receiueth yearely tribute, of 
the Fishers of Tunny, Mullit, and Purgos, more than 10000. 
pounds. 

Lubeck hath seuen hundred shippes: Hambrough sixe 
hundred : Embden [but] lately a fisher towne, 1400: whose 
customes by the profit of fishing hath made them so 
powerfull as they be. 

Holland and Ze[alland, not much greater then Yorkeshire, 
hath thirty walled townes, 400. villages, and 20000. sayle 
of ships and hoyes; 3600 [t.e., vessels] are fishermen, 


poane New-Englands ¢rzads. 


whereof 100 are Dog[glers, 700. Pinckes and Welbotes, 
700. frand botes, 400. Enaces, 400. Galbotes, Britters and 
To[a]debotes, with 1300. Busses; besides three hundred 
that yearely fish about Yarmouth, where they sell their 
fish for gold; and 15. years agoe [im 1605] they had more 
then 116000 Sea-faring men. 


239 
[1620] 


These fishing ships do take yearely 200000. Last of t&. 2551 


fish, 12. barrells to a Last; which amounteth to 3000000. 
pounds [t.e., sterling] by the Fishermens price, that 14. 
yeres agoe [1606] did pay for their tenths 300000. pound ; 
which venting in Pomerland, Sprusland, Denmarke, Lefland, 
Russia, Suethland, Germany, Netherlands, England, or else- 
where, &c. make their returnes in a yeare about 7000000. 
pounds; and yet in Holland they haue neither matter to 
build shippes, nor merchandize to set them foorth, yet 
they as much encrease as other Nations decay 


But leauing these vncertainties as they are, of this I 
am certaine: : 

That the coast of England, Scotland, and Salt he 
Treland, the north Sea, with Island, and the ; 
Sound, New-found land, and Cape Blancke, 


doe serue all Europe, as well the land Townes Mullit 

as Portes; and all the Christian shipping, } 7, 
with these sorts of Staple fish which is trans- Ds A 
ported, from whence it is taken, many a Bes 
thousand mile, vz. Bu ae 


Now seeing all these sorts of fish, or the 
most part of them, may be had in a land more fertile, 
temperate, and plentifull of all necessaries for the building 
of ships, boates and houses; and the nourishment of man: 
the seasons are so proper, and the fishings so neare the 
habitations wee may there make, that New England hath 
much aduantage of the most of those parts, to serue all 
Europe farre cheaper then they can, who at home haue 
neither wood, salt, nor food, but at great rates; at Sea, 
nothing but what they carry in their shippes, an hundred 
or two hundred leagues from their habitation. 

But New Englands fishings [are] neare land, where is 
helpe of wood, water, fruites, fowles, corne, or other refresh- 


(9. 7453 


240 New-Englands ¢rzads. [Bee tes. 


[1614-5] ings needefull; and the Terceras, Mederas, Canaries, Spaine, 

% 1971 Portugall, Prouance, Sauoy, Sicilia, and all Italy, as con- 
uenient markets for our dry Fish, greene Fish, Sturgion, 
Mullit, Caviare, and Buttargo, as Norway, Swethland, 
Littuania, or Germany, for their Herring (which is here 
also in aboundance, for taking): They returning but wood, 

[4.256] pitch, tarre, soape-ashes, cordage, flaxe, waxe, and such 
like commodities. We, wines, oyles, sugars, silkes, and 
such merchandizes as the Straites [¢.e., of Gibraltar] affoord, 
whereby our profites may equalize theirs; besides the 
increase of shipping and Mariners. 


And for proofe hereof. 
Proofe 1. With two shippes I went from the Downes, the third of 
ee ass, March [1614], and arviued in New England, the last of 
697,801,936. Aprill. I had but fortie fiue men and boyes; we built seuen 
boates, 37. did fish; my selfe with eight others ranging the 
coast. I tooke a plot of what I could see, got acquaintance of 
the inhabitants, eleuen hundred beuer skinnes, one hundred 
Martins, and as many Otters [i.e., skins}; fortie thousand of 
dry fish we sent for Spaine; with the salt-fish, treine oyle and 
Jurres, I returned for England the 18. of Iuly, and arriued 
safe with my company the latter end of August. Thus in sixe 
moneths I made my voyage, out and home [i.e., made a suc- 
cessful voyage], and by the labour of 45. got neare the valew 
of fifteene hundred pounds in those grosse commodities. 
This yeare also one went from Plimmouth, spent his victuall, 
and returned with nothing. 
Proofe 2. The Londoners, vpon this, sent foure good shippes, and because 
ogee ,, 1 would not undertake it for them, hauing ingaged my selfe to 
7x1 them of the West, the Londoners entertained [engaged] the 
men that came home with me. They set sayle in Ianuary (1615), 
and arviued therein March: they found fish enough vntill halfe 
Iune, fraughted a shippe of three hundred Tunnes; [which] 
went for Spaine with drie fish, which was taken by the Turkes: 
one went to Virginia, to relieue that Collony; and two came 


for England, with the greene fish, treine oyle, and furres, within 
sixe moneths. 


Proofe 3. 
1615. With a labyrinth of trouble I went from Plimmouth, with 
ea” a shippe of two hundred Tunnes, and one of fiftie: but ill- 


ee 


ESaith. New-Englands érzads. 
weather breaking all my mastes, I was forced to veturne to 
Plimmouth: where ve-imbarking my selfe in a ship of three 
score tunnes, how I escaped the English Pirats, and the French, 
and was betrayed by foure Frenchmen of warre, I referre you 
to the Description of New England [pp. 217-227]; but my 
Vice-A dmirall [the second ship], notwithstanding the latenesse 
of the yeare, setting forth with me in March [1615] (the 
Londoners in Ianuary) she arriued in May (they in March,) yet 
came home well fraught in August, and ali her men well, 
within fiue moneths [and] odde dayes. 

The Londoners, eve I returned from France [Dec. 1615], 
for all their losse by the Turkes (which was valewed about 
foure thousand pounds), sent two more in Iuly [1615]; but 
such courses they tooke by the Canaries to the west Indies, it 
was ten months ere they arriued in New England [May 1616], 
wasting in that time, their seasons, victuall, and healths: yet 
there they found meanes to refresh themselues; and the one 
returned neere fraught with fish and traine [oil], within two 
moneths after [July 1616]. 

From Plimmouth went foure ships, onely to fish and trade, 
some in February, somein March: one, of two hundred tunnes, 
got thither in a moneth, and went full fraught for Spaine ; the 
vest returned to Plimouth well fraught, and their men well, 
within 5 months [and] odde dames. 

From London went two more, one of 220. tunnes, got 
thither in sixe weekes ; and within sixe weekes after, with fortie 
foure men and boyes, was full fraught, and returned againe 
into England within fiue months and a few dayes: the other 
went to the Canaries with dry fish, which they solde at a great 
vate, for royalls of eight, and (as I heard) turned Pirates. 

I being at Plimouth, prowided with three good ships, was 
wind-bound three months, as was many a hundred sayle more ; 
so that the season being past, the shippes went for New-found- 
land: whereby my desseigne was frustrate; which was to me 
and my friends, no small losse. 

There was foure good shippes prepared at Plimouth; but by 
reason of their disagreement, the season so wasted, as onely two 
went forward: the one, being two hundred tunnes, returned 
well fraught to Plimouth, and her men in health, within five 
moneths ; the other, of foure score [tuns], went for Bilbow 
with dry fish, and made a good Les 

I 


241 
[1615-8] 


(25-7335 745: 
937+] 


[s. 227.] 


Proofe 4. 
1616. 


[2. 937-] 


Proofe 5. 
1616. 


Proofe 6. 
1616. 


Proofe 7. 
1617. 


[p. 940.] 


Troofe 8. 
1618. 
[62.258,746.] 


(A. 943-1 


242 New-Englands ¢vzads. [weet | : 


[1619-20] This year againe, diuers shippes intending to go from Plim- — 


Proofe9. mouth, so disagreed, as there went but one of 200. tuns: who 
1619. stayed in the Countrey about six weekes, with thirty-eight men 
Waid boyes; had her fralulght, which she sold at the first penny 
for 2100. pounds, besides the furres; so that euery poore Sayler, 
that had but a single share, had his charges, and sixteene 
pound ten shillings for his seuen moneths worke: but some of 
the company say, for sixe months in the Hercules, they receeued 
seuenteene pound two shillings a share. 
Sree 3m For to make triall this yeare, there is gone six or seuen sayle 
oo from the west Countrey, onely to fish, three of which are 
returned ; and (as I am certainly informed) haue made so 
good a voyage, that euery Sayler for a single share had twenty 
(46-748,941-] pounds for his seuen moneths worke, which 1s more then in 
twenty moneths he should haue gotten, had he gone for wages 
any where. 
Forthisnext Now though all the former ships haue not made such good 
yee vlolyages as they expected, by sending opiniated vnskilfull men, 
ported x2) that had not experienced diligence, to saue that they tooke, nor 
isapre- take that there was; which now patience and practise both 
orm brought to a reasonable kinde of perfection, in despite of all 
Detractors and Calumniations, the Countrey yet hath satisfied 
all, the defect hath beene in their vsing or abusing it, not in 
at selfe, nor me. 


(6. 266.] Heere I entreate your Honourable leaues to answer 

(4.771, 4.1 SOMe Obiections. Many do thinke it strange, if this be 
true, I haue made no more vse of it, and rest so long 
without employment. And I thinke it more strange they 
should tax me before they haue tried what I haue done, 
both by Sea and Land, as well in Asia, and Affrica, as 
Europe and America. 

These fourteene yeres [1606-1620] I haue spared neither 
pains nor money, according to my abilitie, in the dis- 
couery of Norumbega; where with some thirty seauen 
men and boyes, the remainder of an hundred and fiue, 
against the fury of the Saluages, I began that plantation 
now in Viyginia; which beginning (here and there) cost 
me neare fiue yeares worke, and more then fiue hundred 
pound of my owne estate ; beside all the dangers, miseries 


Smite New-Englands ¢érzads. 243 


and incomberances and losse of other imployments I [1620] 
endured gratis. From which blessed Virgin, where I & 7721 
stayed till I left fiue hundred English, better prouided 
then euer I was (ere I returned), sprung the fortunate 
habitation of Somer Iles. parmece 
This Virgins sister (called New England, An. 1616, at |. 267] 
my humble suite, by our most gracious Prince Charles) (46-177) 232.] 
hath bene neare as chargeable to mee and my friends ; 
from all which, although I neuer got [a] shilling, but it 
cost mee a pound, yet I thinke my selfe happy to see 
their prosperities. 
If it yet trouble a multitude to proceede vppon these 
certainties, what thinke you I vndertooke, when nothing 
was knowne, but that there was avast Land? I neuer 
had power and meanes to do any thing (though more hath 
bene spent in formall delayes then would haue done the 
businesse) but in such a penurious and miserable maner, 
as if I had gone a begging to builde an Vniversity; where, 
had men bin as forward to aduenture their purses, as to 
crop the fruites of my Labours, thousands ere this, had 
bene bettered by these designes. Thus betwixt the spurre 
of Desire, and the bridle of Reason, I am neare ridden to 
death in a ring of Despaire; the reines are in your hands, 
therefore I entreate you to ease mee: and those blame 
mee (beleeue) this little may haue taught me, not to be [&%. 7721 
so forward againe at euery motion, vnlesse I intended 
nothing but to carry newes. For now they dare aduenture 
a shippe, that, when I went first, would not aduenture 
a groat, so they may be at home againe by Michaelmasse. 
But to the purpose. 
By this all men may perceiue the ordinary performance 
of this voyage in fiue or sixe moneths, the plenty of fish is 
most certainely approoued ; and it is certaine from Cannada 
and New England hath come neare twenty thousand Beuer 
Skinnes, within these fiue yeares [1615-1620]. Now, had 
each of those shippes transported but sixe, or three pigs; 
as many goates and hens; fruits, plants, and seeds as I 
proiected: by this time there might haue beene victuall 
for a thousand men. But the desire of present gaine (in 
many) is so violent, and the indeuours of many vnder- 
takers so negligent, euery one so regarding his priuate, 


244 


(1620) 
[Z. 268.] 


{AA- 191, 268, 
705; 964.) 


(4. 773+] 


{ Af. 268, 781, 


801. 


[f, 269.] 


New-Englands ¢vza/s. [ ape eat 


that it is hard to effect any publique good, and impossible 
to bring them into a body, rule, or order, vnlesse both 
Authoritie and Mony assist experiences: it is not a worke 
for euery one to plant a Colonie (but when a house is 
built, it is no hard matter to dwell in it.) This requireth 
all the best par[t]s of art, iudgement, courage, honestie, 
constancy, diligence and experience to doe but neare well: 
and there is a great difference betwixt Saying and Doing. 

But to conclude, the fishing will go forward if you plant 
it or no; whereby you may transport a colony for no great 
charge, that in a short time, might prouide such fraughts, 
to buy of vs their dwelling, as I would hope no ship could 
goe or come emptie from New England. 

The charge of this is onely salt, nettes, hookes, lines, 
kniues, Irish rugges, course cloth, beads, hatchets, glasse, 
and such trash, onely for fishing and trade with the 
Saluages, besides our own necessarie prouisions, whose 
indeuours will quickely defray all this charge; and the 
Saluages haue intreated me to inhabit where I will. 

Now all those ships haue bin fished [fishing] within a 
square of two leagues ; and not one ship of all these, would 
yet aduenture further, where questionlesse 500. saile may 
haue their fraught, better then in Island, Newfound land, or 
elsewhere, and be in their markets before the other can 
haue their fish in their ships. Because New England fishing 
beginneth in mid-February, the other not till mid-Maie, 
the progression heereof tends much to the aduancement 
of Virginia, and the Bermudas: and will be a good friend 
in time of need to the Inhabitants in New-found-land. 


The returnes made by the Westerne shippes are com- 
monly divided into 3. parts; one for the owners of the 
shippe, another for the maister and his company, the 
third for his victulers ; which course being still permitted, 
will be no hinderance to the plantation, goe there neuer 
so many, but a meanes of transporting that yearely for 
little or nothing, which otherwise will cost many a hundred 
of pounds. 

If a Ship can gaine, twenty, thirty, fifty in the hundred, 
nay neare three hundred for roo. in seuen moneths, as 
you see they haue doone, spending twice so much time 
in going and coming as in staying there; were I there 


aA 
w 


Sgn New-Englands ¢rzads. 


planted, seeing the varietie of the fishings in their seasons, 
serueth the most part of the yeare; and with a little 
labour we might make all the salt we neede vse, I can 
conceiue no reason to distrust, but the doubling and 
trebling their gaines that are at all the former charge, and 
can fish but two months in a yeare: and if those [who] do 
giue twenty, thirty, or forty shillings for an acre of land; 
or ship Carpenters, Forgers of yron &c. that buy all things 


245 
[1620] 


at a deare rate, grow rich, when they may haue as good (44.201, 7151) 


of all needfull necessaries for taking (in my opinion) 
should not grow poore; and no commoditie in Europe 
doth more decay then wood. 


Maister Dee recordeth in his British Monarchie, that 
King Edgar had a nauie of foure thousand saile, with 
which hee yearely made his progresse about this famous 
Monarchy of Great Brittany, largely declaring the benefit 
thereof; whereupon it seems he proiected to our most 
memorable Queene Elizabeth, the erecting of a Fleete of 
three score saile, he called a little Nauy Royall; immi- 
tating the admired Pericles, prince of Athens, that could 
neuer secure that tormented estate, vntill he was Lord 
and Captaine of the Sea. 

At this none neede wonder, for who knowes not, her 
Royal Maiestie during her life, by the incredible aduentures 
of her Royal Nauy and valiant Souldiers and Sea-men ; 
notwithstanding all treacheries at home, the protecting 
and defending [of] France and Holland, and re-conquering 
Ireland; yet all the world, by Sea or Land, both feared, 
loued and admired good Queene Elizabeth. 

Both to maintaine and increase that incomparable 
honour (God be thanked) to her incomparable Successour, 
our most Royall Lord and Soueraigne King James, &c. 
this great Philosopher hath left this to his Maiesty and 
his kingdomes considerations. 

That if the Tenths of the Earth be proper to God, it is 
also due by Sea: the Kings highwayes are common to 
passe, but not to digge for mines or anie thing; so 
Englands coasts are free to passe, but not to fish, but by 
his Maiesties prerogatiue. 

His Maiestie of Spaine, permits none to passe the Popes 


[. 774+) 


246 


[1620] 
(. 270.] 


(2. 775+] 


New-Englands ¢rzals. Doo tone 


order for the East and West Indies, but by his permission, 
or at their perills. If all that world be so iustly theirs, it 
is no iniustice for England to make as much vse of her 
owne, as strangers doe; that pay to their owne Lords the 
tenth, and not to the owners of those Liberties any thing, 
whose subiects may neither take nor sell any in their 
territories : which small tribute would maintaine his little 
Nauy Royall, and not cost his Maiestie a penny; and yet 
maintaine peace with all forrainers, and allow them 
more curtesie, than any Nation in the world affords to 
England. 

It were a shame to alledge, that Holland is more worthy 
to enioy our fishings as Lords thereof, because they haue 
more skill to handle it then we; as they can our wooll, 
and vndressed cloth, notwithstanding all their wars and 
troublesome disorders. 

To get mony to build this Nauy he saith, Who would 
not spare the hundred penny of his Rents, and the 500 
penny of his goods; each seruant that taketh 33.s. 4.d. 
wages, 4 pence, and euery forrainer seuen yeares of age, 
4. pence yearely for 7. yeares ; not any of these but yearely 
they will spend 3 times so much in pride, wantonnesse or 
some superfluity. And doe any men loue the securitie of 
their estates, that are true subjects, [who] would not of 
themselves be humble su[ijters to his Maiestie to do this 
of free will as a voluntary beneuolence, so it may be as 
honestly and truly imployed as it is proiected, the poorest 
mechanicke in this kingdome will gaine by it. 


If this be too much, would the honorable Aduenturers 
be pleased to moue his Maiestie, that but the 200. penny of 
Rents, and the thousandth pen[n]y of Goodes might bee thus 
collected, to plant New England, and but the tenth fish there 
taken, leauing strangers as they are. You might build ships 
of any burden and numbers you please, fiue time cheaper 
then you can doe heere, and haue good merchandize for 
their fraught in this vnknowne land, to the aduancement 
of Gods glorie, his Church and Gospel, and the strengthen- 
ing and reliefe of a great part of Christendome, without 
hurt to any: To the terror of Pirates, the amazement of 
enemies, the assistance of friends, the securing [of] mer- 


4 
a 
: 7 


mith. 


oe New-Englands ¢rza/s. 


chants, and so much increase of Nauigation, to make 
Englands Trade and Shipping as much as any Nation in 
the world, besides a hundred other benefits, to the generall 
good of all true subiects, and would cause thousands yet 
vnborne [to] blesse the time, and all them that first put 
it in practise. 

Now, lest it should be obscured, as it hath bene, to priuate 
ends, or so weakely vndertaken by our ouerweening incre- 
dulitie, that strangers may possesse it, whilst we contend 
for New Englands goods, but not Englands good; I present 
this vnto your Lordship, and to all the Lords in England, 
hoping (by your gracious good liking and approbation) to 
moue all the worthy Companies of this noble City, and 
all the cities and Countries in the whole Land to con- 
sider it, since I can find them wood and halfe victuall, 
with the aforesaid aduantages, with what facility they 
may build and maintaine this little Nauie Royall, both 
with honour, profite, and content, and inhabite as good a 
country as any in the world, within that parallel: which 
with my life and what I haue I will endeuour to effect, if 
God please, and you permit. 

As for them whom pride or couetousnes lulleth asleepe 
in a Cradle of slouthfull carelesnesse ; would they but con- 
sider how all the great Monarchies of the Earth haue bene 
brought to confusion: or but remember the late lament- 
able experience of Constantinople; and how many Cities, 
Townes, and Provinces in the faire rich kingdomes of 
Hungaria, Transilvania, and Wallachi[a|) ; and how many 
thousands of Princes, Earles, Barons, Knights, and Mer- 
chants, haue, in one day, lost goods, liues, and honours; 
or [been] solde for slaues like beasts in a market place; their 
wiues, children, and seruants slain, or wandering they knew 
not whither, dying, or liuing in all extremities of extreame 
miseries and calamities. Surely, they would not onely doe 
this, but giue all they haue to enioy peace and libertie at 
home; or but adventure their persons abroade, to preuent 
the conclusions of a conquering foe, who commonly 
assaulteth and best preuaileth where he findeth wealth and 
plentie (most armed) with ignorance and securitie. 

Much more could I say, but lest I should be too tedious 
to your more serious affaires, I humbly craue your honor- 


247 
[1620] 


(A. 27%. 


(A. 776.) 


[A. 272.) 


248 New-Englands ¢vials. Rae || 

[1620] able and fauourable constructions and pardons if anything 
be amisse. 

[44.273,784.) If any desire to bee further satisfied, they may reade 
my Description of Virginia and New England, and peruse 
them with their seuerall Mappes: what defect you finde 
in them, they shall finde supplied in mee or in my Authors, 
that thus freely haue throwne my selfe with my Mite into 
the Treasury of my Countries good, not doubting but 
God wil stirre vp some noble spirits, to consider and 
examine if worthy Collumbus could giue the Spaniards 
such certainties for his dessigne, when Queene Jsabell of 
Spayne set him forth with fifteene saile. And though I 
can promise no mines of gold, yet the warrelike Hollanders 
let vs immitate, but not hate; whose wealth and strength 
are good testimonies of their treasure gotten by fishing. 

Therefore (honorable and worthy Countrymen) let not 
the meannesse of the word Fish distaste you, for it will 
afford as good gold as the mines of Guiana or Tu[m] batu, 
with lesse hazard and charge, and more certaintie and 
facilitie: and so I humbly rest. 


FINIS. 


alee MN htt Sele A 
*} 7 Fe ” oe 


a 


NEW ENGLANDS 
TRIALS. 
Declaring the successe of 80 Ships 


employed thither within these eight yeares; 
and the benefit of that Countrey by Sea 
and Land. 


With the present estate of that happie Plan- 
tation, begun but by 60 weake men 
in the yeare 1620. 


And how to build a Fleete of good Shippes 
to make a little Nauie Royall. 


Written by Captain Loin Smith, sometimes Go- 
uernour of Virginia, and Admirall 
of New England. 


The second Edition. 


LONDOM™ 


Printed by W1LL1AM IONES., 
UO2 2. 


{It was not usual to register second and later editions of a Work at 
Stationers’ Hall: therefore this impression does not appear in the 
Registers of the Company. 

It was however written in October 1622, before the 16th of that 
month ; as the allusion, at g. 264, to the intended departure of the 
Paragon with reinforcements for the Pilgrim Fathers, clearly shows. 

WILLIAM HILTON’s letter from New Plymouth, at Z. 260, is the 
third earliest account in print, from that Colony; the two former 
ones, of this same year 1622, being 

R. CUSHMAN] A Sermon preached at Plymouth &c. 
G. MourtT ?] Relation or Iournal &c. 

See p. cxxxiii. 

Though a very rare tract, this is not so very scarce as the earlier 
1620 edition. Ifa guess might be hazarded as to the reason, it might 
have arisen that SMITH gave away so many copies of the first tract, 
in the year 1621, see g. 234; and that what had thus cost little, was 
little thought of, and therefore not preserved. 

For the bibliography of this Tract, see 2. cxxxi.] 


Ae Ee ee 


251 


TO THE MOST HIGH AND 


excellent Prince Charles, Prince of VVakes; 
Duke of Cornewall, Yorke, and Albanie ; Marquis 
of Ormond, and Rothsey; and Earle Palatine of 


Chester; Heire of Great Britaine, France, 
and Ireland, &c. 


Z Hen scarce any would beleeue mee there was 
any such matter, your Highnesse did not dis- 
AAs daine to accept my description, and called that 
“2 New England (pp. 177, 232], whose barbarous 
names you changed forsuch English, that none can denie but 
Prince Charles is the Godfather. Whereby I am bound in all 
reason and dutie to giue you the best account I can how 
your child doth prosper: and although as yet it is not 
much vnlike the Father in fortune, onely vsed as an instru- 
ment for other mens ends; yet the grace you bestowed on 
it by your Princely fauour, hath drawn so many iudgments 
now to behold it, that I hope shall find, it will giue 
content to your Highnesse, satisfaction to them, and so 
increase the number of well-willers, [that] New England will 
be able to reiect her maligners, and attend Prince Charles 
with her dutifull obedience, with a trophie of honour, and 
a kingdome for a Prince. ‘Therefore the great worke con- 
tained in this little booke, humbly desires your Princely 
patronage. 

No more, but sacring all my best abilities to the exquisite 
iudgement of your renowmed vertues, I humbly kisse your 
gracious hands. 


Your Highnesse true and 
Faithfull seruant, 
Io. Smith. 


(1622) 


[1622] 


252 


TO THE RIGHT HONORABLF 


AND RiGHT WortTHY ADVENTURERS, 
to all Plantations and Discoueries, their 
friends and well-willers, especially of 


Virginia and New England. 
* * 
» 


Right Ho. 


3 Confesse it were more proper for me to be doing 

what I say, then writing what I know: but that 
28 it is not my fault, there is many a hundreth can 
tesksfis if they please to remember what paines I haue 
taken both particularly and generally to make this worke 
knowne, and procure meanes to put it in practise. What 
calumniations, doubts, or other mispritions hath opposed my 
endeuors, I had rather forget then remember ; but still to expresse 
my forwardnesse, to the consideration of your fauourable con- 
structions I present this short discourse of the proceedings and 
present estate of New England: if you please to peruse it, 
and make vse of it, I am richly rewarded, though they be but 
the collections and obseruations of a plaine souldier, yet if you 
please to grace them with your countenance and good accept- 
ance, I shall therein thinke my selfe happie, and hope that those 
labours may in time returne you such fruites as hereafter may 
perswade you to pardon this boldnesse, and accept them to be 
your honest seruants. 


Yours to command, 
Io. Smith. 


ee 


NEW ENGLANDS 
Trials, and Present Estate. 


> )} Oncerning the description of this Country, [1577- 
v4] six yeares ago [1616], I writ so largely, 1614] 
as in briefe I hope this may suffice you 
‘to remember, that New England is a ‘4,102,237 
part of America, betwixt the Degrees 41. 
and 45.the very meane betwixt the North 
Pole and the Line. 
From 43. to 45. the coast is moun- 
tainous, L akie barren, and broken Iles that make many 
good harbours. The water is deepe, close to the shore ; 
there are many riuers and fresh springs: few Saluages, 
but an incredible abundance of fish, fowle, wilde fruits, - 
and good timber. 
From 43. to 41. and a half, an excellent mixed coast of 
stone, sand and clay, much corne, many people, some Iles, 
many good harbours, a temperate aire, and therein all things 
necessary for the building [of] ships of any proportion, 
and good merchandize for their fraught: within a square 
of 12 leagues, 25 harbours I sounded; 30 seuerall Lord- 
ships I saw, and so neare as I could imagine, 3000 men. 
I was vp one riuer fortie miles, crossed the mouths of 
many, whose heads are reported to be great lakes; where 
they kill their Beuers; inhabited with many people who 
trade with those of New England, and them of Cannada. 


The benefit of fishing as Master Dee reporteth Lé- 238.) 
im his Brittish Monarchie [1577]. 


He saith that it is more then 44 yeares ago [by 1577], (#7431 


254 


[1577- 
1620] 


[p. 197] 


(4. 744) 


[ A. 239.) 


New-Englands ¢vzads. | cise: ec, oe 


and it is more then 40 yeares since he writ it [t.e., 7 1577], 
that the Herring Busses out of the Low-Countries, vnder 
the King of Spaime, were 500. besides 100 Frenchmen, 
and three or foure hundred saile of Flemmings. 

The coasts of Wales and Lancashire was vsed by 300 
saile of strangers. 

Ireland at Baltemore fraughted yearely 300 saile of 
Spaniards; where King Edward the sixt intended to haue 
made a strong Castle, because of the strait, to haue tribute 
for fishing. 

Blacke Rocke was yearely fished by three or foure 
hundred saile of Spaniards, Portugals, and Biskiners. 


Master [Tobias] Gentleman and many Fisher-men and Fish- 
mongers with whom I haue conferred, report, 


The Hollanders raise yearely [im 1620 see p. 238] by 
Herring, Cod, and Ling, 3000000 pounds. 

English and French by Salt-fish, poore Iohn, Salmons, 
and Pilchards, 300000 pounds. 

Hambrough and the Sound, for Sturgion, Lobsters, and 
Eeles, 100000 pounds. 

Cape Blanke for Tunny and Mullit, by the Biskiners and 
Spaniards 30000 pounds. 


But diuers other learned experienced Obseruers say, 
though it may seeme incredible. 


That the Duke of Medina receiueth yearely tribute 
of the fishers for Tunny, Mullit, and Purgos, more then 
10000 pounds. 

Lubeck hath 7oo ships: Hambrough 600: Embden [but] 
lately a fisher towne, 1400.: whose customes by the profit 
of fishing hath made them so powerfull as they be. 

Holland and Ze{alland, not much greater then Yorkshire, 
hath thirtie walled townes, 400 villages, and 20000 saile 
of shippes and hoyes; 3600 [vessels] are fishermen, whereof 
roo are Doggers, 700 Pinckes and Welbotes, 700 Frand 
botes, Britters and To[aldebotes, with 1300 Busses: besides 
three hundred that yearely fish about Yarmouth, where they 
sell their fish for gold; and fifteene yeares ago, [1605, see 


p. 239) they had more then 116000 sea-faring men. 


Soe aad New-Englands ¢vzads. 


These fishing ships do take yearely 200000 Last of 
fish, twelue barrels to a Last, which amounted to 
3000000 pounds by the Fishermens price, that 14 yeares 
ago [1606, see p. 239] did pay for their tenths 300000 
pound; which venting in Pumerland, Sprussia, Denmarke, 
Lefiand, Russia, Swethland, Germany, Netherlands, England, 
or elsewhere, &c. make their returnes in a yeare about 
7000000 pounds; and yet in Holland they haue neither 
matter to build ships, nor merchandize to set them foorth; 
yet by their industrie they as much increase, as other 
nations decay. 


_ But leauing these vncertainties as they are, of this 
I am certaine, 


That the coast of England, Scotland, and ae 
Iveland, the North Sea, with Iveland and the sf rh h 
Sound, New-found land and Cape Blanke, do ass OR 

urgion. 


serue all Europe, as well the land Townes as 4 Mullit 
Ports, and all the Christian shipping, with ) 7." 


these sorts of Staple fish which is transported, Fits 
from whence it is taken, many a thousand C 5 ae 
mile, viz. Buttargo. 


Now seeing all these sorts of fish, or the 
most part of them, may be had in a land more fertile, 
temperate, and plentifull of all necessaries for the building 
of ships, boats, and houses, and the nourishment of 
man; the seasons are so proper, and the fishings so 
neare the habitations we may there make, that New 
England hath much aduantage of the most of those parts, 
to serue all Europe farre cheaper then they can who at 
home haue neither wood, salt, nor food, but at great rates ; 
at Sea nothing but what they carry in their ships, an 
hundred or two hundred leagues from their habitation. 

But New Englands fishings is neare land, where is helpe 


255 
[1620] 


(A. 745+) 


of wood, water, fruites, fowles, corne, or other refreshings (44.197,240.] 


needfull; and the Terceras, Medevas, Canaries, Spaine, Por- 
tugale, Prouance, Sauoy, Sicilia, and all Italy, as conuenient 
markets for our dry Fish, greene Fish, Sturgion, Mullit, 
Cauiare, and Buttargo, as Norway, Swethland, Littuania 
or Germany, for their Herring, which is here also in 
abundance for taking; they returning but wood, pitch, 


256 New-Englands ¢vzads. [home 

[1614-5] tarre, soape-ashes, cordage, flaxe, waxe, and such like 
commodities: we, wines, oyles, sugars, silks, and such 
merchandize as the Straits [i.e., of Gibraltar) affoord, 
whereby our profit may equalize theirs; besides the in- 
crease of shipping and Mariners. 


And for proofe hereof: 
4 te With two ships sent out at the charge of Captain Marma- 
‘duke Roydon, Captain George Langam, Master Iohn 
{4.3745 Buley and W. Skelton, I went from the Downes the third of 
March [1614], and ar{rjiued in New England the last of April, 
where I was to haue stayed but with ten men to keepe possession 
of those large territories, had the Whales proued, as curious 
information had assured me and my aduenture(r|s, (but those 
things failed.) So hauing but fortie fiue men and boyes, we 
built seuen boates: 37 did fish; my selfe with eight others 
ranging the coast. I tooke a plot of what I could see, got 
acquaintance of the inhabitants; 1100 Beuer skins, 100 
Martins, and as many Otters. 40000 of dre fish we sent for 
Spaine: with the salt fish, traine otle, and Furres, I returned 
for England, the 18 of Iuly, and ar(r\iued safe with my 
company the latter end of August. Thus in six moneths I made 
my voyage out and home; and by the labour of 45, got 
neare the value of 1500 pounds in those grosse commodities. 
This yeare also one went from Plimmoth, set out by diuers 
of the Isle of Wight and the West country, by the directions 
and instructions of Sir Ferdinando Gorge, [they] spent their 
victuals, and returned with nothing. 
* Proofe 2. The Virginia Company, vpon this, sent 4 good ships; and 
1615. because I would not undertake it for them, hauing ingaged 
tAA.219, 240. ry Selfe to them of the West, the Londoners entertained[engaged] 
734733] the men that came home with me. They set saile in Ianuary 
[1615], and arriued there in March; they found fish enough 
untill halfe Iune, fraughted a ship of 300 Tuns, [which] went 
for Spaine, which was taken by the Turks; one went to Virginia 
to relieve that Colonie, and two came for England with greene 
Jish, traine oile and Furres within six moneths. 
Proofe 3. In Ianuary [1615] with 200 pounds in cash for aduenture, 
Bess: and six Gentlemen wel furnished, I went from London to the 
Lép. 220, 240, foure shippes [that] was promised, prepared for me in the West 
ee country ; but I found no such matter: notwithstanding at the 


Oct. 1622. 


Xe ee bi 
X . . “ ¥ 
a 4 


Coe New-Englands ¢rzads. 257 


last with a labyrinth of trouble I went from Plimmoth with a [1615-7] 
ship of 200 Tuns, and one of fiftie: when the fishing was 
done, onely with 15 I was to stay in the country. 

But ill weather breaking all my masts, I was forced to returne (p. 2411 
to Plimmoth ; where rather then lose all,reimbarking myselfe in 
a Bark of 60 Tuns: how I escaped the English pyrates and the 4.9371 
French, and was betrayed by foure French men of warre, 

I referre you to the Description of New England [pp. 217-227]: 

but my Vice-A dmirall, notwithstanding the latenesse of the yeare, (4. 227-1 
setting forth with mein March [1615], the Londoners in Ianuary, 

she aviued in May, they in March; yet come home well fraught 

in August, and all her men well, within 5 months, odde days. 

The Londoners eve I returned from France [Dec. 1615], Proofe 4. 
for all their losse by the Turks, which was valued about 4000 1616. 
pounds, sent two more in Iuly [1615]; but such courses they (4. 937-1 
took by the Canaries to the West Indies, it was ten moneths ere 
they ariued in New England (May 1616], wasting in that 
time their seasons, victuall and healths, yet there they found 
meanes to refresh themselues: and the one returned, neare fraught 
with fish and traine, within 2 moneths after [July 1616]. 

From Plimmoth went 4 shits, onely to fish and trade, some Proofe s. 
in Februarie, some in March; one of 200 Tuns got thither in qa 1616. 
month, and went full fraught for Spain ; but the rest returned 
to Plimmoth well fraught, and their men well, within fine 
moneths, odde dayes. 

From London went two more: one of 200 Tuns, got thither Proofe 6. 
in six weeks, and within six weeks after with 44 men and 1616. 
boyes was full fraught, and returned again into England 
within fiue moneths and a few daies; the other went to the 
Canaries with drie fish, which they sold at.a great vate, for 
Rials of 8, and as I heard turned purats. 

I being at Plimmoth promded with 3 good ships, yet but Proofe 7. 
fifteene men to stay with me in the country, was Windbound 161". 
three moneths, as was many a hundred sacle more, so that the (4. 940.1 
season being past, the ships went for Newfound land, whereby 
my designe was frustrate: which was to me and my friends no (6. 746.1 
small losse, in regard whereof here the Westerne Commissioners, 
in the behalfe of themselues and the rest of the Companie, 
contracted with me by articles indented under our hands, to be 
Admirall of that Country during my life, and in the renewing 
of their Letters pattents so to be nominated, halfe the fruits of our 


17 


258 New-Englands ¢vzals. Poe sss :| 


[1617-9] endewours theirs, the rest our owne; being thus ingaged, now 
the businesse doth prosper, some of them would voillingly forget 
me; but I am not the first they haue deceiued. 

Proofe 8. There vvas foure good ships prepared at Plimmoth, but by 

1618. yeason of their disagreement, the season so wasted, as onely 2 

(p94) went forward, the one being of 200 Tuns, returned vvell 
fraught for Plimmoth, and her men in health, within fine 
moneths ; the other of 80 Tuns, went for Bilbow with drie fish, 
and made a good returne. 

In this voyage Edward Rowcraft, alias Stallings, a valiant 

7rrey souldier, that had bin vvith me in Virginia, and seuen yeares 
after vvent vvith me from Plimoth towards New England, 
with Thomas Dirmer an vnderstanding and an industrious 
Genileman to inhabite it; all vvhose names vvith our proceedings 
you may veade at large in my description of New England [p. 
2171, upon triall before the Iudge of the Admiraltie, how vvhen 
vve had past the vvorst, for pure cowardize the Maister and satlers 
van away vvith the ship and all I had, and left me alone among 
8 or g French men of Warre in the yeare 1615. This Stallings 
vvent now againe in those ships, and hauing some vvrong offered 
him in New England by a French man, he tooke him {1.e., his 
ship] ; and as he vorit to me, he vvent vvith her to Virginia 
vuith fish, to trade vvith them for such commodities as they might 
spare; he knew both the countries vvell, yet he promised me the 
next Spring to meet me in New England; but the ship and he 
perished in Virginia. 

Proofe 9. This yeare againe, diuers ships intending to go from Plim- 

1619. moth, so disagreed, as there vvent but one of 200 Tuns, vvho 

4. 242,747) stayed in the country about 6 vveeks, vvith 38 men and boyes, 
had her fraught, vvhich she sold at the first penie, for 2100 
pounds, besides the Furres; so that euery poore sailer that had 
but a single share, had his charges, and 161. 1os. for his seuen 
moneths vvorke. 

Master Thomas Dirmer hauing lined about a yeare in 
New-found-land returning to Plimmoth, vvent for New 
England im this ship, and not only confirmes vvhat I haue verit, 
but so much more approued of it, that he stayed there vvith fiue 
or six men in a little boate; finding 2 or 3 Frenchmen among 
the sauages, vuho had lost their ship, [they] augmented his com- 

(42747 Hamre, voith vvhom he ranged the coast to Virginia, vvhere he 
vuas kindly vvelcomed, and vvell refreshed [Nov. 1619] ; thence 


eer New-Englands ¢vials. 259 


returned to New England again, vvhere hauing bin a yeare, in{1619-20] 
his back-veturne to Virginia, he vas so vvounded by the sauages, 
he died upon it, them [who] escaped vvere relieued at Virginia. 

Let not men attribute their great aduentures and vntimely 
deaths to unfortunatenesse, but rather vvonder how God did so 
long preserue them, vvith so small meanes to do so much, leauing 
the fruits of their labours to be an encouragement to those our 
poore undertakings ; and this for aduantage as they vorit unto 
me, that God had laid this Country open for vs, and slaine the 
most part of the inhabitants by cruell voarres, and a mortall 
disease ; for vvhere I had seene 100 or 200 people [in 1614], there 
ts scarce ten to be found. From Pembrocks bay to Harrintons 
bay there 1s not 20; from thence to Cape An, some 30; from 
Taulbuts bay to the Riuer Charles, about 40, and not any of 
them touched vvith any sicknes but one poore Frenchman that died. 

For to make tniall this yeare, there ts gone 6 or 7 saile from Pees 
the West country, onely to fish: three of vvhom are returned, [p. 242) 
and as I vvas certainly informed, made so good a voyage, that 
euery satler for a single share had 20 pounds for his 7 moneths (6.748,9:1.1 
vvork, vvhich is more then in 20 moneths he should haue gotten 
had he gone for vvages any vvhere. 

Now though all the former ships haue not made such good 
voyages as they expected, by sending opinionated vnskilfull men, 
that had not experienced diligence to saue that they tooke, nor take 
that there vas; which now patience and practise hath brought 
to a veascnable kind of perfection: in despite of all detractors 
and calumniations, the Country yet hath satisfied all, the defect 
hath bin in their vsing or abusing tt, not in tt selfe nor me. 


Oe 


AA plantation in New England. 


pon these inducements some few well dis- Prefer 
Si posed Gentlemen and Merchants of London |... 0; 
and other places prouided two ships, the one 
of 160 Tunnes, the other of 70; they left the 
coast of England the 23 of August, with about 120 
persons: but the next day the lesser ship sprung a leake, 
that forced their returne to Plimmoth: where discharging 


260 


New-Englands ¢viads. end 


(1620-22] her and 20 passengers, with the great ship and a hundred. 


persons besides sailers, they set saile againe the sixt of 
September, and the ninth of Nouember [1620] fell with Cape 
Iames; but being pestred nine weeks in this leaking vnwhol- 
some ship, lying wet in their cabbins, most of them grew 


(46.749,943:] Very weake, and weary of the sea; then for want of expe- 


Proofe 12. 


1620. 
2. 757-] 


A Letter 
from New 


Plimmoth. . 


rience ranging to and again, six weeks before they found 
a place they liked to dwell on, forced to lie on the bare 
ground without couerture in the extremitie of Winter ; 
fortie of them died: and 60 were left in very weake estate 
at the ships coming away, about the fift of April [1621] 
following, and ariued in England the sixt of May [1621]. 

Immediately after her ariuall, from London they sent 
another of 55 Tunnes tosupply them, with 37 persons. They 
set saile in the beginning of Iuly [1621], but being crossed 
by Westerly winds, it was the end of August ere they 
could passe Plimmoth, and ariued at New Plimmoth, in 
New England the eleuenth of Nouember [1621], where they 
found all the people they left in April, as is said, lustie 
and in good health, except six that died. 

Within a moneth they returned here for England, laded 
with clapboord, wainscot and walnut; with about three 
hogsheads of Beuer skins and some Saxefras, the 13 of 
December [1621] ; and drawing neare our coast, was taken 
by a Frenchman, set out by the Marquis of Ceva Gouernour 
of Ile D[t]ew on the coast of Poytouw: where they kept the ship, 
imprisoned the Master and companie, took from them to 
the value of about 500 pounds; and after 14 days sent them 
home with a poore supply of victuall, their owne being 
deuoured by the Marquis and his hungry seruants. They 
ariued at London the 14 of Februarie [1622], leauing all 
them they found and caried to New England well and in 
health, with victualland cornesufficient till the next haruest. 


The copie of [a] Letter sent by this ship. 


Gouing cousin, at our ar[rjiuali at New Plimmoth in New 
England, we found all our friends and planters in good 
health, though they were left sicke and weake with very 

small meanes, the Indians round abous vs peaceable and friendly 


ron New-Englands ¢rza/s. 261 


the country very pleasant and temperate, yielding naturally of [1621-22] 
it self great store of fruites, as vines of diuers sorts in great 
abundance. There ts likewise walnuts, chesnuts, small nuts and 
plums, with much varietie of flowers, rootes, and herbs, no lesse 
pleasant then wholsome and profitable: no place hath more 
goose-berries and straw-berries, nor better. Timber of all [the] 
sorts you haue in England, doth couer the Land, that affoords 
beasts of diuers sorts, and great flocks of Turkies, Quailes, 
Pigeons, and Partriges: many great lakes abounding with 
fish, fowle, Beuers, and Otters. The sea affoords vs as great 
plenty of all excellent sorts of sea-fish, as the riuers and Iles doth 
_  varietie of wilde fowle of most vsefull sorts. Mines we find to 
- our thinking, but neither the goodnesse nor qualitie we know. 
Better grain cannot be then the Indian corne, uf we will plant 
it vpon as good ground as a man need desive. We are all 
free-holders, the rent day doth not trouble vs ; and all those good 
blessings we haue, of which and what we list in their seasons 
for taking. Our companie are for most part very religious 
honest people; the word of God sincerely taught vs euery 
Sabbath: so that I know not any thing a contented mind can 
here want. I desive your friendly care to send my wife and 
children to me, where I wish all the friends I haue in England, 
and so I rest ? ; 
[The probable date of Your louing kinsman 
this letter is about 13 Dec. 1621.] William Hilton. 


From the West country, went ten or twelue ships to fish, Proofe x3. 
which were all well fraughted ; those that came first at Bilbow 1621- 
made 17 pounds a single share, besides Beuer, Otters and B73 
Martins skins: but some of the rest that came to the same ports 
that were already furnished, so glutted the market, thew price 
was abated ; yet all returned so well contented, they are a preparing 
to go agatne. 

There is gone from the West of England onely to fish 35 For this 
ships, and about the last of April [1622] twomore from London, j¢99. 
the one of 100 Tuns, the other of 30, with some 60 passengers to (2.760,941 1 
supply the plantation [of T.Weston] with all necessary prowisions. 

Now though the Turke and French hath bin somewhat too 
busie, would all the Christian princes but be truly at vnttie, as 
his royal Maiestie our Soueragne Lord and King deswreth, 70 
saile of good ships were sufficient to fire the most of his coasts 


262, 


[1622] 


(4. 242.) 


New-Englands ¢vzals. J. Smith. 


in the Leuant, and make such a guard in the straits of 
Hellespont, as would make the great Turke himselfe more 
afraid in Constantinople, then the smallest ved crosse, {that} 
crosses the seas, would be, either of any French Piccaroun, 
or the pirats of Argere. 


An abstract of Letters sent from the Collony 
in New England, July 16, 1622. 


Since the newes of the massacre in Virginia [22 Mar. 1622], 
though the Indians continue their wonted friendship, yet are we 
more wary of them then before; for their hands hath bin 
embrued in much English blood, onely by too much confidence, 
but not by force. 


Here I must intreate a little your fauours to digresse. 
They did not kill the English because they were Chris- 
tians, but for their weapons and commodities, that were 
rare nouelties; but now they feare we may beate them 
out of their dens, which Lions and Tygers would not 
admit but by force. But must this be an argument for an 
English man, or discourage any either in Virginia or New 
England? No: for I haue tried them both. 

For Virginia, I kept that country with 38, and had not 
to eate but what we had from the sauages. When I had ten 
men able to go abroad, our common wealth was verystrong: 
with such a number I ranged that vnknown country 14 
weeks ; I had but 18 to subdue them all, with which great 
army I stayed six weekes before their greatest Kings 
habitations, till they had gathered together all the power 
they could; and yet the Dutch-men sent at a needlesse 
excessiue charge did helpe Powhatan how to betray me. 

Of their numbers we were vncertaine; but them two 
honorable Gentlemen (Captaine George Percie and Cap- 
taine Francis West, two of the Phittiplaces, and some other 
such noble gentlemen and resolute spirits bore their shares 
with me, and now liuing in England) did see me take this 
murdering Opechankanough now their great King by the 
long locke on his head; with my pistole at his breast, I 
led him among his greatest forces, and before we parted 


Ni Ba a 


basen New-Englands ¢r7a/s. 


made him fill our Bark of twenty Tuns with corne. 
When their owne wants was such, I haue giuen them 
part againe in pittie, and others haue bought it againe to 
plant their fields. 

For wronging a souldier but the value of a peny, I haue 
caused Powhatam send his owne men to James Towne to 
receiue their punishment at my discretion. It is true in our 
greatest extremitie they shot me, slue three of my men, 
and by the folly of them that fled tooke me prisoner; yet 
God made Pocahontas the Kings daughter the meanes to 
deliuer me: and thereby taught me to know their 
trecheries to preserue the rest. 

It was also my chance in single combat to take the 
King of Paspahegh prisoner: and by keeping him, forced 
his subiects to worke in chaines till I made all the 
country pay contribution; hauing little else whereon to liue. 

Twise in this time I was their President, and none can 
say in all that time I had a man slaine: but for keeping 
them in that feare I was much blamed both there and 
here: yet I left 500 behind me that, through their con- 
fidence, in six months came most to confusion, as you may 
reade at large in the description of Virginia [pp. 170, 498]. 

When I went first to these desperate designes, it cost me 
many a forgotten pound to hire men to go; and procrastina- 
tion caused more [to]run away then went. But after the ice 
was broken, came manybraue voluntaries: notwithstanding 
since I came from thence, the honorable Company haue 
bin humble suiters to his Maiestie to get vagabonds and 
condemned men to go thither; nay so much scorned was 
the name of Virginia, some did chuse to be hanged ere 
they would go thither, and were: yet for all the worst of 
spite, detraction, and discouragement, and this lamentable 
massacre, there is more honest men now su[i]ters to go, 
then ever hath bin constrained knaues; and it is not 
vnknown to most men of vnderstanding, how happie many 
of those Collumners doe thinke themselues, that they might 
be admitted, and yet pay for their passage to go now to 
Virginia: and had I but meanes to transport as many as 
would go, I might haue choise of 10000 that would gladly 
be in any of those new places, which were so basely 
contemned by vngrateful base minds. 


263 
[1622] 


[A. 761.] 


264 New-Englands ¢rials. Poera, 


[1622] To range this countrey of New England in like maner 

(4.7641 I had but eight, as is said, and amongst their bruite con- 
ditions I met many of their silly incounters, and without 
any hurt, God be thanked; when your West country 
men were many of them wounded and much tormented 
with the sauages that assaulted their ship, as they did say 
themselues, in the first yeare I was there 1614; and 
though Master Hunt, then Master with me, did most basely 

(44.698, 701, in stealing some sauages from that coast to sel, when he 

7°, 73%" was directed to haue gone for Spaine: yet that place 
[Patuxet, afterwards called New Plymouth, p. 754] was so re- 
mote from Capawuck, where Epenew should haue fraughted 
them with gold ore, his fault could be no cause of their 
bad successe, howeuer it is alledged for an excuse. I 
speake not this out of vainglory, as it may be some 
gleaners, or some [that] was neuer there may censure me: 
but to let all men be assured by those examples, what 
those sauages are, that thus strangely doe murder and 
betray our countrey men. But to the purpose. 


What is already writ of the healthfulnesse of the atre, the 
richnesse of the sotle, the goodnes of the woods, the abundance 
of fruits, fish, and fowle in their season, they stil affirm that 
haue bin there [at New Plymouth] now neare 2 yeares, and at 
one draught they haue taken 1000 basses, and in one night twelue 
hogsheads of herring. They are building a strong fort, [which] 
they hope shortly to finish, in the interim they are wel prouided : 
their number is about a hundred persons, all in health, and 
well neare 60 acres of ground well planted with corne, besides 
their gardens well replenished with vseful fruits; and if their 
A duenture[r]s would but furnish them with necessaries for fishing, 
their wants would quickly be supplied. 

To supply them this 16 of October [This fixes the month in 

(42, 766,767 which thisSecond Edition was written] 7s going the Paragon 
a with 67 persons, and all this is done by priuat mens purses. 
And to conclude in their owne words, should they write of all 
plenties they haue found, they thinke they should not be beleeued. 


For the 26 saile of ships, the most I can yet understand is, 
Master Ambrose Iennens of London, and Master Abraham 


a a 


Oct rea. New-Englands ¢rza/s. 


Iennens of Plimmoth sent (their Abraham) a ship of 220 
Tuns,and the Nightingale of Porchmouthof 100. ; whose fish at 
the first pene came to 3150 pounds: in all they were 35 saile: 
and where in Newfound land they shared six or seuenpounds for 
acommon man,in New England they shared 14 pounds; besides, 
six Dutch and French ships made wonderfull returnes in furres. 


Thus you may see plainely the yearely successe from 
New England (by Virginia) which has bin so costly to 
this kingdome and so deare to me, which either to see 
perish or but bleed, pardon me though it passionate me 
beyond the bounds of modestie, to haue bin sufficiently 
able to foresee it, and had neither power nor meanes how 
to preuent it. By that acquaintance I haue with them, 
I may call them my children; for they haue bin my wife, 
my hawks, my hounds, my cards, my dice, and in totall 
my best content, as indifferent to my heart as my left 
hand to my right: and notwithstanding all those miracles 
of disasters [that] haue crossed both them and me, yet were 
there not one English man remaining (as God be thanked 
there is some thousands) I would yet begin againe with as 
small meanesas I didat the first. Not for that I haue any 
secret encouragement from any I protest, more then 
lamentable experiences: for all their discoueries I can 
yet heare of, are but pigs of my owne sowe; nor more 
strange to me then to heare one tell me he hath gone from 
Billings gate and discouered Greenwich, Grauesend, Tilbery, 
Quinborow, Lee, and Margit; which to those [who] did neuer 
heare of them, though they dwell in England, might be 
made seem some rare secrets and great countries vnknowne: 
except the relations of Master Divmer. 

In England some are held great trauelers that haue 
seene Venice and Rome, Madrill and Algere, Prague or 
Ragousa, Constantinople or Ierusalem, and the Piramides of 
Egypt; that thinke it nothing to go to the Summer Iles 
or Virginia: which is as farre as any of them, and I hope 
in time will proue a more profitable and a more laudable 
iourney. As for the danger, you see our Ladies and 
Gentlewomen account it nothing now to go thither; and 
therefore I hope all good men will better apprehend it, and 


265 
[1622] 


1622. 


(4. 769.) 


[. 770-] 


[pp. 217, 258, 
5421732)74% 
779°) 


266 
[1622] 


[4.771] 
(44. 242, 746, 
941] 


(4. 242.] 


[4. 243.) 


New-Englands ¢7zals. Pee 


. 1622. 


not suffer them to languish in despaire, whom God so 
wonderfully and so oft hath preserued. 

What here I haue writ by relation, if it be not right, I 
humbly intreate your pardons; but I haue not spared any 
diligence to learne the truth of them that haue bin actors” 
or sharers in those voyages: in some particulars they 
might deceiue me, but in the substances they could not, 
for few could tell me any thing, except where they fished. 
But seeing all those [that] haue liued there, do confirme 
more then I haue writ, I doubt not but all those testimonies 
with these new begun examples of plantation, will moue 
both Citie and Country freely to aduenture with me and 
my partners more then promises, seeing I haue from his 
Maiestie Letters Pattents, such honest, free, and large 
conditions assured me from his Commissioners, as I hope 
will satisfie any honest vnderstanding. 


But because some fortune tellers saith, Iam vnfortunate, 
had they spent their time as I haue done, they would 
rather beleeue in God then their calculations, and 
peraduenture haue giuen as bad account of their actions ; 
and therefore I intreat leaue to answer those objectors, 
that think it strange if this be true, I haue made no more 
vse of it, rests so long without emploiment, and hath no 
more reward nor preferment: to which I say: 

I thinke it more strange they should taxe me before they 
haue tried as much as I haue both by land and sea, as 
well in Asia and Africa, as Europe and America; where 
my commanders were actors or spectators, they alwaies so 
freely rewarded me, I neuerneeded toimportunate, n[or] could 
I euer learne to beg: what there I got, I haue thus spent : 

These sixteen yeares [1606-1622] I haue spared neither 
paines normoneyaccording to my abilitie, first to procure his 
Maiesties Letters pattents, and a Company here to be the 
means to raise a company to go with me to Virginia, as is 
said: which beginning here and there cost meneare 5 yeares 


_ [1604-1609] worke, and more then 500 pounds of my owne 


estate, besides all the dangers, miseries, and incumbrances 
I endured gratis: where I stayed till I left 500 better 
prouided then euer I was ; from which blessed Virgin (ere 
I returned) sprung the fortunate habitation of Somer Iles, 


Shae hag New-Englands ¢rzads. 


1622. 


This Virgins sister, now called New England, an. 1616. 
at my humble suit by our most gracious Prince Charles, 


hath bin neare as chargeable to me and my friends: for all 4-746, 748.1 


which I neuer got:shilling, but it cost me many a pound, 
yet I thinke my selfe happie to see their prosperities. 

If it yet trouble a multitude to proceed vpon these 
certainties, what think you I vndertook when nothing 
was knowne, but that there was a vast land. I neuer 
had power and meanes to do any thing, though more 
hath bin spent in formall delayes then would haue done 
the businesse; but in such a penurious and miserable 
manner as if I had gone a begging to build an Vniuersitie: 
where had men bin as forward to aduenture their purses 
and performe the conditions they promised me, as to 
crop the fruites of my labours, thousands ere this had 
bin bettered by these designes. Thus betwixt the spur 
of Desire and the bridle of Reason I am neare ridden to 
death in a ring of despaire; the raines are in your hands, 
therefore I intreate you to ease me: and those that think 
I am either idle or vnfortunate, may see the cause and 
know: vnlesse I did see better dealing, I haue had 
warning enough, not to be so forward again at euery 
motion vpon their promises, vnlesse I intended nothing 
but to carry newes. For now they dare aduenture a ship, 
that when I went first, would not aduenture a groate, so 
they maybe at home againe by Michaelmas: which makes 
me remember Master Hacklu[y]ts ; ohincredulitie ! the wit of 
fooles, that slouenly do spit at all things faire; a sluggards 
cradle, a cowards costle, how easie it is to be an infidell. 
But to the purpose. 

By this all men may perceiue the ordinary performance 
of this voyage in fiue or six moneths, the plenty of fish is 
most certainly approued: and it is certain, from Cannada 
and New England within these six yeares [1615-1620] hath 
come neare 20000 Beuer skins. Now had each of those 
ships transported but some small quantitie of the most 
increasing beasts, fowles, plants, and seeds, as I proiected ; 
by this time their increase might haue bin sufficient for a 
thousand men. But the desire of present gain (in many) 
is so violent, and the endeuors of many vndertakers so 
negligent, euery one so regarding their priuate gaine, that 


267 


[1622] 


(4. 772.) 


[p. 244.9 


268 
[1622] 


[ Ap. x91, 268, 
7251 964.) 


(4. 773-] 


[A. 801.] 


New-Englands ¢rzals. (jo 


it is hard to effect any publick good, and impossible to 
bring them into a body, rule, or order, vnlesse both 
authoritie and mony assist experiences. It is not a worke 
for euery one to plant a Colonie; but when a house is 
built, it is no hard matter to dwell init. This requireth 
all the best parts of art, iudgement, courage, honestie, 
constancie, diligence, and experience to do but neare well: 
your home bred ingrossing proiectors shall finde there [is] 
a great difference betwixt saying and doing. 

But to conclude, the fishing wil go forward if you plant 
it or no; whereby a Colonie may be transported with no 
great charge, that in a short time might prouide such 
fraughts to buy of vs there dwelling, as I would hope no 
ship should go or come empty from New England. 

The charge of this is onely salt, nets, hookes, lines, 
kniues, Irish rugs, course cloth, beades, glasse, and such 
trash, onely for fishing and trade with the sauages, 
beside our owne necessary prouisions, whose endeuours 
wil quickly defray all this charge; and the sauages haue 
intreated me to inhabite where I will. 

Now all these ships, till this last yeare [1621], haue bin 
fished [fishing] within a square of two or 3 leagues, and 
not one of them all would aduenture any further: where 
questionlesse 500 saile may haue their fraught better then in 
Island, Newfoundland, or else where, and be in their markets 
before the other can haue their fish in their ships, because 
New Englands fishing begins with February, the other not 
till mid May; the progression hereof tends much to the 
aduancement of Virginia and the Bermudas, whose emptie 
ships may take in their fraught there, and would be a good 
friend in time of need to the inhabitants of New foundland. 


The returnes made by the Westerne ships, are com- 
monly deuided into three parts, one for the owner of the 
ship, another for the Master and his companie, the third 
for the victuallers: which course being still permitted, wil 
be no hindrance to the plantation, go there neuer so many, 
but a meanes of transporting that yearly forlittle or nothing, 
which otherwise will cost many a hundred of pounds. 

If a ship can gaine twentie, thirtie, fiftie in the roo, 
nay 300 for 100. in 7 moneths, as you see they haue done; 
spending twise so much time in going and coming as in 


AC mh A Se i Ss 4 


Sess New-Englands ¢rzads. 


staying there: were I there planted, seeing the varietie 
of the fishings in their seasons serueth the most part of 
the yeare, and with a little labour we might make all the 
salt we need vse. I can conceiue no reason to distrust, 
but the doubling and trebling their gaines that are at all 
the former charge, and can fish but two moneths in a 
yeare: and if those do giue 20. 30. or 4o. Shillings for an 
acre of land, or ship carpenters, forgers of iron, &c, that 
buy all things at a deare rate, grow rich; when they may 
haue as good of all needful necessaries for taking (in my 
opinion) should not grow poore, and no commodity in 
Europe doth more decay then wood. 


Master Dee recordeth in his Brittish Monarchte [1577], that 
King Edgar had a nauie of 4000 saile, with which he yearely 
made his progresse about his famous Monarchie of Great 
Brittaine, largely declaring the benefit thereof: whereupon 
it seemes he proiected to our most memorable Queene 
Elizabeth, the erecting of a Fleete of 60 saile, he called 
a little Nauie Royall; imitating the admired Pericles 
Prince of Athens, that could neuer secure that tormented 
estate, vntill he was Lord and Captain of the Sea. 

At this none need wonder; for who knowes not, her 
Royall Maiestie during her life, by the incredible aduentures 
of her Royall Nauy, and valiant souldiers and sea-men, 
notwithstanding all trecheries at home, the protecting 
and defending [of] France and Holland, and reconquering 
Iveland, yet all the world by sea or land both feared, 
loued, and admired good Queen Elizabeth. 

Both to maintaine and increase that incomparable 
honour (God be thanked) to her incomparable Successour, 
our most Royall Lord and Soueraigne King Iames, &c. this 
great Philosopher hath left this to his Maiestie and his 
kingdomes consideration : 

That if the Tenths of the Earth be proper to God, it is 
also due by Sea: the Kings high wayes are common to 
passe, but not to dig for Mines or any thing: so Englands 
coasts are free to passe, but not to fish but by his 
Maiesties prerogatiue. 

His Maiesty of Spainme permits none to passe the Popes 
order for the East and West Indies, but by his permission, 


269 


[1622] 
[2. 245.] 


(2. 774-] 


(s. 246.] 


270 


[1622] 


(4. 775] 


[. 247-] 


New-Englands ¢vzads. Be 


or at their perils. If all that world be so iustly theirs, it 
is no iniustice for England to make as much vse of her 
own shores as strangers do, that pay to their own Lord, 
the tenth, and not to the owner of those liberties any 
thing to speake of; whose subiects may neither take nor 
sell any in their territories: which small tribute would 
maintain this little Nauie Royall,and not cost his Maiestie 
a penny; and yet maintaine peace with all forreiners, and 
allow them more courtesie, then any nation in the world 
affoords to England. 

It were a shame to alleage, that Holland is more 
worthy to enioy our fishings as Lords thereof, because 
they haue more skill to handle it then we, as they can 
our wooll and vndressed cloth, notwithstanding all their 
wars and troublesome disorders. 

To get mony to build this Nauy, he saith, who would 
not spare the roo peny of his Rents, and the 500 peny of 
his goods; each seruant that taketh 4o. s. wages 4. d.; 
and euery forreiner of 7 yeares of age 4.d. for 7 yeares; 
not any of these but they will spend 3 times so much in 
pride, wantonnesse, or some superfluitie. And do any 
men loue the securitie of their estates, that of themselues 
would not be humble su[ijters to his Maiestie to do this of 
free will as a voluntary beneuolence, or but one halfe of 
this, (or some such other course as I haue propounded to 
diuers of the Companies) free from any constraint, taxe, 
lottery, or imposition, so it may be as honestly and truly 
employed as it is proiected, the poorest mechanick in this 
kingdom would gaine by it. 


You might build ships of any proportion and numbers 
you please, fiue times cheaper then you can do here, and 
haue good merchandize for their fraught in this vynknowne 
land, to the aduancement of Gods glorie, his Church and 
Gospel, and the strengthening and reliefe of a great part of 
Christendome, without hurt to any ; to the terror of pyrats, 
the amazement of enemies, the assistance of friends, the 
securing of Merchants, and so much increase of Nauigation 
to make Englands trade and shipping as much as any 
nation in the world, besides a hundred other benefits, to 
the generall good of all good subiects, and would cause 


Re oe | | "FT i 
| eis 5 


Sere New-Englands ¢rzads. 


thousands yet vnborn [to] blesse the time and all them 
that first put it in practise. 

Now lest it should be obscured as it hath bin to priuate 
ends, or so weakly vndertaken by our ouerweening 
incredulitie, that strangers may possesse it, whilest we 
contend for New Englands good[s], but not Englands good; 
I present this to your Highnes and to all the Lords in 
England, hoping by your gracious good liking and appro- 
bation to moue ail the worthy Companies of this noble 
Citie, and all the Cities and Countries in the whole Land 
to consider of it, since I can finde them wood and halfe 
victuall, with the aforesaid aduantages, with what facilitie 
they may buiid and maintaine this little Nauie Royall, 
both with honour, profit, and content, and inhabite as 
good a country as any in the world, within that parallel: 
which with my life and what I haue I wil endeuour to 
effect, if God please, and you permit. 

But no man wil go from hence, to haue lesse freedome 
there then here; nor aduenture all they haue, to prepare 
the way for them that know it not: and it is too well 
knowne there hath bin so many vndertakers of Patents 
and such sharing of them, as hath bred no lesse discourage- 
ment then wonder, to heare such great promises and so 
little performances. In theinterim, you see the Dutch and 
French already frequent it: and God forbid them in Virginia 
or any of his Maiesties subiects should not haue as free 
libertie as they. To conclude, were it not for Master Prerce 
and a few priuate Aduenturers with him [t.e., the Pilgrim 
Fathers], what haue we there for all these inducements ? 

As for them, whom pride or couvetousnes lulleth asleep 
in a cradle of slothfull carelesnes, would they but consider 
how all the great Monarchies of the earth haue bin 
brought to confusion ; or but remember the late lament- 
able experience of Constantinople; and how many Cities, 
Townes, and Prouinces in the faire rich kingdoms of 
Humgaria, Transiluania, Wallachia and Moldama; and how 
many thousands of Princes, Earles, Barons, Knights, 
Merchants, and others, haue in one day lost goods, liues, 
and honors, or sold for slaues like beasts in a market place ; 
their wiues, children, and seruants slaine or wandring they 
knew not whither, dying, or liuing in all extremities of 


271 
[1622] 


[2- 776.] 


This yeare 
[1622] 

3 ships 
went from 
London, 
set out by 
Maister 
Sohn Farar 
and his 
partners. 
The Bona 
n0uUa 200 
tunns. 

The 
Hopwell 70, 
The Dar- 
ling 40. 


272 


[1622] 


(f. 248.] 


[A. 784.) 


New-Englands ¢vzads. [Smite 


extreame miseries and calamities. Surely they would not 
onely do this, but giue all they haue to enioy peace and 
libertie at home ; or but aduenture their persons abroad, to 
preuent the conclusions of a conquering foe, who commonly 
assaulteth and best preuaileth where he findeth wealth 
and plentie (most armed) with ignorance and securitie. 

Though the true condition of war is onely to suppresse 
the proud, and defend the innocent and humble, as did 
that most generous Prince Sigismundus Bathor Prince of 
those countries, against them, whom vnder the colour of 
iustice and pietie, to maintaine their superfluitie of am- 
bitious pride, thought all the world too little to maintaine 
their vice, and vndoe them, or keepe them from abilitie 
to do anything that would not admire and adore their 
honors, fortunes, couetousnes, falshood, bribery, crueltie, 
extortion, and ingratitude, which is worse then cowardize 
or ignorance, and all maner of vildnesse, cleane contrary 
to all honour, vertue, and noblenesse. 

Much more could I say, but lest I should be too tedious 
to your more serious affaires, | humbly craue your honour- 
able and fauourable constructions and pardons if any thing 
be amisse. 

If any desire to be further satisfied, they may reade my 
Description of Virginia and New England, and peruse them 
with their seuerall Maps: what defect you finde in them, 
they shall find supplied in me or my authors, that thus 
freely hath throwne my selfe with my mite into the 
Treasury of my Countries good, not doubting but God 
will stir vp some noble spirits to consider and examine if 
worthy Collumbus could: giue the Spaniards any such 
certainties for his designe, when Queene Isabel of Spaine 
set him foorth with fifteene saile. And though I can 
promise no Mines of gold, yet the warlike Hollanders let 
vs imitate, but not hate: whose wealth and strength are 
good testimonies of their treasure gotten by fishing. 

Therefore (honorable and worthy Countrymen) let not 
the meannesse of the word Fish distaste you, for it will 
afford as good gold as the mines of Guiana or Tumbatu, 
with lesse hazard and charge, and more certaintie and 
facilitie; and so I humbly rest. 


FONT Sx 


THE GENERALL HISTORIE 


OF 


VIRGINIA, NEW ENGLAND 


AND 


THE SUMMER ISLES 


IN SIX BOOKS 


274 


It will be seen from Z. cxxv, that this General History was pro- 
jected as early as 12 April 1621 ; or within four months of the publi- 
cation of the first edition of Mew Englands Trials in 1620. The 
earlier portion of it, as the passage at Z. 331 shews, was evidently 
compiled by 1622. ; 

It is clear from the Prospectus, the material part of which is printed 
at f. cxxv, that our Author had worked out the general scheme of the 
General History, and was ready to go to press with the bulk of it, in 
1623 ; which, according to the popular way of reckoning, would mean 
any time between 25 March 1623 and 24 March 1624. At that time 
however he only contemplated three maps at a cost of £100 [ = £300 
now], and not the six that actually appeared in the book. 

Our Author tells the Duchess of RICHMOND, at f. 277: 

“Tf therefore your Grace shall daigne to cast your eye on this poore 
Booke, view I pray you rather your own Bounzze (without which it 
had dyed in the wombe).” It is clear therefore that the Duchess 
contributed liberally, in answer to our Author’s Prospectus. 

He thus refers to the General History, at p. 622: 

“Thus far I haue trauelled in this Wildernesse of Virgznza, not 
being ignorant [that] for all my paines, this discourse will be wrested, 
tossed and turned as many waies as there is leaues [Zhe first four 
Books of this General History, occupy 84 leaves|; that I haue writ 
too much of some, too little of others, and many such like obiections. 

“To such I must answer, in the Companies name I was requested 
to doe it, if any haue concealed their approued experiences from my 
knowledge, they must excuse me: as for euery fatherles or stolne 
relation, or whole volumes of sofisticated rehearsals, I leaue them 
to the charge of them that desire them. I thanke God I neuer 
vndertooke any thing yet [wherein] any could tax me of carelesnesse or 
dishonesty, and what is hee to whom I am indebted or troublesome?” 

It was probably eventually hurried through the press to counteract 
the disastrous effect of the bankruptcy, and dissolution in June 1624, 
of the London Virginia Company : being thus entered for publication 
at Stationers’ Hall : 

12° Yuli 1624 
Michael Sparkes Entred for his Copie vnder the handes of master 
Doctor GOAD and master Lownes warden The 
History of Virginia The Summer Ilands and 
newe England by JOHN SMITH. . : vjd. 

A Transcript of the Registers of the Company of Stationers of 

London 1554-1640 4.D., Ed. by E. ARBER, iv. 121, 1877. 


For the bibliography of this work, see Z. cxxxi. 

It is constantly said that Sheet O, being pages 97 to 104, see 
Pp. 494, 497, was suppressed in all copies. The fact is, as Mr. 
HENRY STEVENS, F.S.A., has pointed out with his usual wonderful 
acuteness in bibliographical matters, they were never printed. See 
further on this point, as proved by the variations in the style of 
printing, at Z. 490. 

For the inserted Sectional Title pages, see AP. 301, 341, 383, 489, 495, 
623, and 693. 


eT ee ee eee Nee OR ee Ae re ee ee a oe ee ee 


TO 


THE ILLVSTRIOVS 
AND MOST NOBLE 


Princezssez, the Lady Fran- 
cis, Duchesse of RICHMOND 
This History, as for the raritie 


and Lenox. 
St 4 yi 
=) 
We 
/Z and varietie of the subiect, so 


} much more for the judicious Ayes 
it is like to vndergoe, and most of 
all for that great Mame, whereof it dareth implore 
Protection, might and ought to haue beene clad in 
better robes then my rude military hand can cut 
out in Paper Ornaments. But because, of the most 
things therein, I am no Compiler by hearsay, but 
haue beene a reall Actor; I take my selfe to haue 
a propertie in them: and therefore haue beene 
bold to challenge them to come vnder the reach 
of my owne rough Pen. That, which hath beene 


Ay it please your Grace, 


[1624] 


276 The Epistle Dedicatory. J. Smith. 


uly 1624. 


(1624) jindured and passed through with hardship and 
danger, is thereby sweetned to the Acéor, when he 
becometh the Relator. I haue deeply hazarded 
my selfe in doing and suffering, and why should 
I sticke to hazard my reputation in Recording? 
He that acteth two parts is the more borne withall 
if he come short, or fayle in one of them. Where 
shall we looke to finde a /ulus Caesar, whose 
atchieu[e|ments shine as cleare in his owne Com- 
mentaries, as they did in the field? I confesse, 
my hand, though able to weild a weapon among the 
Barbarous, yet well may tremble in handling a Pen 
among so many /udiczous : especially when I am so 
bold as to call so piercing, and so glorious an Eye, 
as your Grace, to view these poore ragged lines. 

Yet my comfort is, that heretofore honorable and 
vertuous Ladies, and comparable but amongst them- 
selues, haue offred me rescue and protection in my 
greatest dangers: even in forraine parts, I haue 
felt reliefe from that sex. The beauteous Lady 

(4.853861 Tyagabigzanda, when I wasa slaue to the Zurkes, 
did all she could to secure me. When I overcame 
the Bashaw of Nalbrits in Tartaria, the charitable 

(48671 Lady Callamata supplyed my necessities. In the 

[4p.cxv,4o0, Vtmost of many extremities, that blessed Pokahontas, 

vee great Kings daughter of Vzrginza, oft saved my 
life. When I escaped the crueltie of Pirats and 
most furious stormes, a long time alone in a small 


fered The Epistle Dedicatory. 277 


Boat at Sea, and driven ashore in France, the good [1624] 
Lady Madam Chanoyes, bountifully assisted me. (44.226, 7395] 
4 And so verily these my adventures haue tasted 

_the same zufluence from your Gratious hand, which 
A 

‘ 

. 

: 


hath given birth to the publication of this Narra- 
toon. If therefore your Grace shall daigne to cast 
your eye on this poore Booke, view I pray you 
rather your owne Aountie (without which it had 
dyed in the wombe) then my zmperfections, which 
haue no helpe but the shrine of your glorious Name 
to be sheltered from censorious condemnation. 
Vouchsafe some glimpse of your honorable aspect, to 
accept these my labours; to protect them vnder the 
shadow of your excellent Mame: which will inable 
them to be presented to the AKzugs royall Matestze, 
the most admired Prince Charles, and the Queene of 
Bohemia: your sweet Recommendations will make 
it the worthier of their good countenances. And as 
all my endevours are their due tribute : so this Page 
shall record to posteritie, that my service shall be 
to pray to God, that you may still continue the 
renowned of your sexe, the most honored of men, 


and the highly blessed of God. 


Your Graces fatthfull 
and devoted servant, 


Iloun SMITH, 


II. 


@ A Preface of foure Poynts. 


the truth; that our most royall 
King lames hath place and op- 
portunitie to inlarge his ancient 
Dominions without wronging 
any; (which ts a condition most 
agreeable to his most iust and 
pious resolutions :) and the Prince his Highness may 
see where to plant new Colonies. The gaining Prouinces 
addeth to the Kings Crown: but the reducing Heathen 
people to ciuilitie and true Religion, bringeth honour to 
the King of Heauen. If his Princely wisedome and 
powerfull hand, renowned through the world fer admir- 
able government, please but to set these new Estates into 
order; their composure will be singular: the counsell 
of divers is confused; the generall Stocke is consumed ; 
nothing but the touch of the Kings sacred hand can erect 
a Monarchy. 


Most noble Lords and worthy Gentlemen, it is your 
Honors that haue imployed great paines and large ex- 
pence in laying the foundation of this State, wherein 
much hath beene buried under ground, yet some thing 
hath sprung vp, and giuen you a taste of your adven- 
tures. Let no difficulties alter your noble intentions. 
The action is an honour to your Country: and the issue 
may well reimburse you your summes expended. Our 
practices haue hitherto beene but assayes, and are still to 


J. Smith. A Preface of foure Poynts. 279 


July 1624 


be amended. Let your bountie supply the necessities [1624] 
of weake beginnings, and your excellent iudgements rec- 

tifie the proceedings; the returne cannot choose in the 

end but bring you good Commodities, and good content- 

ments, by your aduancing shipping and fishing so vsefull 

unto our Nation. 


III. Yee valiant and generous spirits, personall possessors 
of these new-found Territories, banish from among you 
Cowardise, covetousnes, tealousies, and idlenes, enemies 
to the raising your honours and fortunes; vertue, 
industry, and amitie, will make you good and great, and 
your merits liue to ensung Ages. You that in contempt 
of necessities, hazard your liues and estates, imploying 
your studies and labours in these faire endevours, liue 
and prosper as I desive my soule should prosper. 


IilI. For my selfe let emulation and enwme cease, I ever 
intended my actions should be vpright: now my care 
hath beene that my Relations should giue every man they 
concerne, their due. But had I not discovered and liued 
in the most of those parts, I could not possibly haue col- 
lected the substantiall truth from such a number of 
variable Relations, that would haue made a Volume 
at least of a thousand sheets [=4,000 folio pages]. 
Though the beginning may sceme harsh im regard of 
the Antiquities, bremtie, and names; a pleasanter Dis- 
course ensues. The stile of a Souldier ts not eloquent, but 
honest and iustifiable; so I desive all my friends and 
well-wishers to excuse and accept it; and if any be so 
noble as to respect it, he that brought New England 
to light, though long since brought in obscuritie, he is 
againe to be found a true servant to all good designes. 


So I ever rest yours to command, 
IoHN SMITH. 


280 


A Gentleman desirous to be 


vnknowne, yet a great Benefactor 
to Virginia, his loue to the Author, 


the Company, and History. 


[1624] Yom, Tay, reade, behold, skill, covrage, knowledge, Aris; 
SOSSS 4«Wonder of Nature: Mirror of our Chime. 
yy Mars, Vulcan, Neptune strive to haue their parts, 


D « Ay = + 
aX, Rare Ornaments, rich honours of our time. 


From far fetcht Indies, and Virginia’s soyle, 
Here Smith is come to shew his Art and skill: 
He was the Smith that hammered famins foyle, 
And on Powhatan’s Emperour had his will. 


Though first Columbus, Indies true Christofer ; 
Cabots, braue Florida, much admirer ; 

Meta Incognita, vave Martin Frobisher ; 
Gilberts brave Humphery, Neptunes deuourer ; 


Captaine Amadis, Raleighs discouerer ; 
Siv Richard Grenvill, Zealands braue coaster: 
Drake, doomes, drowne, death, Spaines scorner ; 
Gosnolds Relates, Pring prime observer. 


Though these be gone, and left behinde a name, 
Yet Smith is here to Anvile out a peece 

To after Ages, and eternall Fame, 

That we may haue the golden Iasons fleece. 


He Vulcan like did forge a true Plantation, 
And chain’d their Kings, to his immortall glory ; 
Restoring peace and plentie to the Nation, 
Regaining honour to this worthy Story. 


By him the Infidels had due correction, 

He blew the bellowes still of peace and plentie : 
He made the Indians bow vnto subtection, 
And Planters ne’ve return’d to Albion empty. 


: 
Z 
x 
4 
+ 
b> 
f 


Complimentary Verses. | 


The Colonies pin’d, starw’d, staring, bones so feeble, 
By his braue protects, proued strong againe : 

The Souldiers’ lowance he did seeke to treble, 

And made the Salvage in uncouth place remaine. 


He left the Countrey in prosperous happie state, 
And plenty stood with peace at each mans doore : 
Regarding not the Salvage loue nor hate: 
Themselues grew well, the Indians wondrous poore. 


This there he did and now is home return’ d, 
To shew vs all that never thither goe: 

That in his heart, he deepely oft hath mourn’d, 
Because the Action goeth on so slow. 


Wise, Rich, 
graue, prize 
Braue, Benefactors, 


Replant, want, continue still good Actors. 


finde, 
and bring 
kinde, eyes 
Be to blind; 


By Gods great might, giue Indians light. 


Bloud, 


to 
money, Woe 


Spend that good, 
That may giue Indians heav’nly food. | 
no lesse, 
you 
God still 
And shall blesse ; 
Both you and yours the Lands possesse. 
S. M. 
See here behold as in a Glasse, 
All that is, or is and was. 


Dk tT O24. 


281 


{1624] 


Samuel Purchas of his friend 
Captaine Lohn Smith, and his 


Virginia. 


[1624] 
branded, 
True Pegasus ts shoo’d, fetters are forged 
For Silke-sotts, Milk-sops, base Sloth, farre hence 
landed, (charged, 
* Calum non (Soile-chang’d,* Soule-soil’d still) Englands dregs, dis- 
mutant Lo plant (supplant!) Virginia, home-disgorged : 
Where vertues praise frames good men Stories armour 
’Gainst Time, Achilles-like, with best Arts charged ; 
Pallas, all-arm’d, all-learn’d, can teach Sword-Grammer, 
Can Pens of Pikes; Armes t? Aris; to Scholar, Souldier 
hammer : 


Can Pilgrim make a Maker; all so well 
Hath taught Smith scoure my rustie out-worne Muse, 
And so contur’d her in Virginian Cell, 
That things unlearned long by want of vse, 
Shee fresh areeds me read, without abuse 


NEL E Se NUS Oe ne ty ne Tee an eT Oe 
oe eh Nid” 


Bee. Palys Complimentary Verses.) 


By fabling. Arthurs great Acts litile made 
By greater lies she saith; seales Faith excuse 
aT’ Island, Groonland, Estotiland to wade 


After lie-legends ; Malgo, Brandon, are Wares braide. 


The Fryer of Linne® frights her with his black Art; 
Nor Brittish Bards can tell where Madoc ° planted. 
Cabots, Thorns, Elyots truth haue wonne her heart, 
Eldest discov’rers of New Worlds Cont’nent (granted 
So had iust Fates.) Colon and Vespuce panted ; 
This got the name4, last, least of Three ; the Other 
New Worlds Isles found first : Cabot 1s most chanted 
In Three-Mens-song ; did more New World discover 
Then both, then any; an hundred degrees coasted over. 


Haile Sir Sebastian, Englands Northern Pole, 
Virginia’s finder ; Virgin Eliza nam’d 1, 
Gaue’t Raleigh. (Rut, Prat, Hore, I not enrole) 
Amadas rites to English right first fram’d tt. 
Lane planted, return’d, nor had English tam’d it: 
Greenviles and Whites men all slaine; New Plantation 
ILAMES founds, Sloth confounds, feare, pride, faction sham’d 
it: 
Smiths Forge mends all, makes chaines for Savage Nation, 
Frees, feeds the rest; the rest reade in lis Bookes Relation. 


283 


@ These are 
said a thou- 
sand yeares 
agoe to haue 
beene in the 
North parts 
of America. 


> He is said 
to discover 
the Pole 
1360. 


¢ Madoc ap 
Owen 
Planted 
some remote 
Western 
parts. 1170, 


@ America 
named of 


Americus 


Vesputius ; 
which dis- 
covered les 
then Colon or 
Sir Sedas- 
tian Cabot, 
and the Con- 
tinent later. 
Colon first 
found the 
Isles 1492. 
the Conti- 
nent 1498, 
Aboue a 
yeare after 
Cabot had 
donit. He 
was set forth 


ay £d.6 
nder whom 
he procured 
the sending 
of Sir Hugh 
Willoughby, 
and dis- 
covery of 
Greenland 
and Russia: 
having by 
himself dis- 
covered on 
America 
from 67 
North lat. 

to neere 40 
South. 


284 [ Complimentary Verses. ST Deainie 


Thomas Macarnesse to his 


worthy friend and Countryman, 
Captaine lohn Smith. 


[1624] Ho loues to liue at home, yet looke abroad, 


And know both passen and vnpassen road, 
The prime Plantation of an vnknowne shore, 
The men, the manners, fruitfulnesse, and store: 
Read but this little Booke, and then confesse, 
The lesse thou lik’st and lou’st, thou liu’st the 
lesse. 


AZ 
Ws 


He writ tt with great labour, for thy good, 

Twice over, now in paper, ‘fore in blood ; 

It cost him deare, both patnes, without an ayme 

Of private profit, for thy publicke gaine. 
That thou mightst read and know and safely see, 
What he by practice, thou by Theoree. 


Commend him for his loyall loving heart, 
Or else come mend him, and take thou his part. 


WR 


To his friend Captaine Iohn Smith, 
and his Worke. 


; ae Know not how Desert more great can rise, 
QY >" Then out of Danger ¢ ane for good mens Good; 
es X\%c, Nor who doth better winne th’ Olympian prize, 
mane ch Than he whose Countryes Honor stirres his bloud ; 
Private respects haue private expectation, 


Publicke designes, should publish reputation. 


PEN! 
‘y 


aS 


VAR 


NYE Ae aN ORY oe Ne eC eA 


Ewe. Complimentary Verses.] 


1624. 
This Gentleman whose Volumne heere is stoard 
With strange discoverie of GODS strangest Creatures, 
Giues vs full view, how he hath Sayl’d, and Oar’ d, 
And Marcht, full many myles, whose rough defeatures, 
Hath beene as bold, as puissant, vp to binde 
Their barbarous strength’s, to follow him dog-linde. 


But wit, nor valour, now adayes payes scores 
For estimation; all goes now by wealth, 
Or friends ; tush! thrust the beggar out of dores 
That is not Purse-lyn’d ; those which liue by stealth 
~ Shall haue their haunts; no matter what's the guest 
In many places; monies well come best. 


But those who well discerne, esteeme not so: 
Nor I of thee braue Smith, that hast beat out 
Thy Iron thus; though I but little know 
To what Vhast seene; yet I in this am stout : 
My thoughts, maps to my minde some accidents, 
That makes mee see thy greater presidents. 


Io: Done. 


oe 


To my worthy friend Captaine 
Tohn Smith. — 


mOw great a part of knowledge had wee lost, 
Both of Virginia and the Summer Isles, 

Had not thy carefull diligence and cost 
Inform’d vs thus, with thy industrious stile! 


done, 
These acts, this Booke will line while ther’s 


a Sunne. 


Edw: Worseley. 


Like Cesar now thou writ’st what thou hast 


285 
[1624] 


R. Norton. 


286 [Complimentary Verses. EIngham. 
1624. 


To his much respected Friend 
Captaine TIohn Smith. 


"Nvie avant. For Smith, whose Anvill was 


Experience, 
Could take his heat, knew how and when 


[1624] 


Soak td S 
Wrought well this Peece; till After-negligence 


Heere Noble Smith, thou shewest the Temper true, 
Which other Tampring-Tempres never knew. 
Ro: Norton. 


To his loving friend Captaine 
Lohn Smith. 


Here actions speake the praises of a man, 
There, Pennes that vse to flatter silent be, 
Or if they speake, it is to scorne or scanne ; 
For such with vertue seldome doe agree. 


When I looke backe on all thy labours past, 
Thy travels, pertls, losses oft sustaind 

By Sea and Land; and (which is worst and last) 
Neglect ov small reward, so dearely gaind. 


I doe admire thy still vndanted spirit ; 

unwearied yet to worke thy Countries good. 
This be thy praise then, due unto thy merit; 

For tt th’hast venter'’d life; and lost thy blood. 


a 2s 3. in 2. 3. 
Truth, travayle, and Neglect, pure, painefull, most vnkinde, 
I. 2. 3. Li 2. 3. 
Doth proue, consume, dismay, thesoule, the corps, theminde. 


Edw: Ingham. 


Qa 


A oo ee 


coauthor Complimentary Verses. | 


To my deare friend by true Vertue 
ennobled Captaine ohn Smith. 


| Ta 


eg 
0 


Ore then enough I cannot thee commend : 
/} 


‘ Whose both abilities and Loue doe tend 

© So to advance the good of that Estate, 

By English charge, and Planters propagate 
Through heapes of painfull hazards ; in the frst 
Of which, that Colony thy Care hath nurst. 

And often that effected but with ten 

That after thee, and now, three hundred men 

Haue faild in, ’mong the Salvages; who shake 
At bruit of Thee, as Spaine at Name of Drake. 
Which well appeares ; considering the while 

Thou governedst, nor force of thewrs, ne guile 
Lessend a man of thine; but since (I rue) 

In Brittish blood they deeply did imbrue 

Their Heathen hands. And (truth to say) we see, 
Our selues wee lost, untimely leaving Thee. 

Nor yet perceiue I any got betweene 

Thee and thy merit ; which hath better beene 

In prayse; or profit much; if counted iust ; 

Free from the Weales abuse, or wronged trust. 
Some few particulars perhaps haue sped ; 

But wherein hath the publicke prospered ? 

Or ts there more of those Vast Countries knowne, 
Then by thy Labours and Relations showne 

First, best 2 And shall wee loue Thee now the lesse ? 
Farre be it! fit condignely to expresse 

Thankes, by new Charge, or recompence ; by whom, 
Such past good hath, such future good may come. 


David Wiffin. 


[1624] 


W. Grent. 


283 | Complimentary Verses. Pisa 
1624. 


Noble Captaine Smith, my worthy 
Friend 


Ot like the Age wherein thou liw’st, to le 
@ ) Buried in basenesse, sloth, or Ribaldrie 
lan\\) (For most doe thus) hast thou thy selfe applide ; 
ie BI But, in faire Actions, Merits height descride : 
Which (like foure Theaters to set thee forth) 
The worlds foure Quarters testifie thy worth. 
The last whereof (America) best showes 
Thy paines, and prayse ; and what to thee shee owes, 
(Although thy Sommer shone on th’ Elder Three, 
In as great Deeds as great varietie) 
leetae For opening to Her Selfe Her Selfe, in Two * 
aes Of Her large Members; Now Ours, to our view. 
land. Thereby endearing vs to thy desart, 
That doubly dost them to our hands impart ; 
There by thy Worke, Heere by thy Workes; By each 
Mast thou Fames lasting Wreath (for guerdon) reach. 
And so become, in after Times t’ ensue, 
A President for others, So to doe. 


William Grent. 


To his worthily affected Friend, 
Captaine Lohn Smith. 


[1624] 


Aga Mongst so many that by learned skill, 
Haue given iust prayse to thee, and to thy Booke, 
Deare friend receiue this pledge of my good will, 
Whereon, tf thou with acceptation looke, 
And thinke tt worthie, ranke amongst the 
vest: 
Vse thy discretion, I haue done my best. 
Aywyupos. 


‘i 
@ 
a 


ERR EN RR OR AT 
Do Ante os 
Si = 


The Contents of the generall 


History, divided into six Books. 


[Ee wiescFirRs rb B ovo:K ES 


1170 FO PERUE first voyage to the new World, 

Nae by Madock Prince of Wales. The 

as next by Hanno Prince of Carthage, 

SON and how it was offred K. Hen. 7. by 

1488 Chr. Cullumbus, that vndertooke it for the 
1492 Spanyards. 1492. ... . [p. 303] 

How Iohn Cabot was ; imployed by King 

1497 Hen. the 7. and found the Continent before Cul- 

1576 lumbus. Also Sir Martin Frobisher, and Sir 

1583 Humphrey Gilbert ranged towards the North. 

1584 And how Captaine Amidas was sent to discover 

the coast of Florida by Siy Walter Raleigh and 

his associates. And the Country Wingandacoa 

was called Virginia by Queene Elizabeth. 
Page I—4. [p. 304] 

1585  Suiy Richard Greenvill sent thither with 108. 

he left for a plantation. The discovery of the 

Rivers Chawonok and Moratoc. The trechery 

of their King, who with eight more were slaine ; 

and they all returned to England againe the 
same yeare with Siy Francis Drake. pag. 5—9. [p. 310] 

The Observations of Master Heriot. Of their 

commodities, victuall, fruits, beasts, fishes, and 

foules. Thetr Religion, and beliefe of God, of 

the Creation of the world, and man; the immor- 

talitie of the soule; the aie of ie Priests; 


19 


1586 
1587 
1589 


1602 


1603 


1605 


The Contents. [yi Sai | 


ly1624. 


the peoples simplicitie, and desire of salvation ; 

and other Accidents. pag. g—12. . [p 319] 
Siy Rich: Greenvill sent to supply them. Not 

finding them, left fiftie. Their successe. page 13. [p. 325] 
Master White sent to relieue them, found they 

were all slaine, yet left 115. more, and departed. [p. 326) 
Returning the second time, he could not heare 

of them; his Observations and Accidents. pag. 

I4—16. ... . [p. 329] 
A discovery by Captaine Gosnoll of Eliza- 

beths Isles; his Observations, Relations, and 


returne. pag. 17. 18. .. [p. 332) 
The voyage of Capitaine Pring to the same 

Coast. . [p. 336] 
The discovery ‘of Capitaine Waymouth ; his 

Observations, Relations, and returne. pag. 

18—20. ... . [p- 337] 
A Map of the old Virginia, ‘with the figures 

of the Salvages. a. eve - ase: / LEO 1RCOUD: 342] 


ae 


THE SECOND BookKE 


Of Vixginia now planted, discovered by 
Captaine SMITH. 


wie Latitude, Temperature, and 
Sap Capes; a description of Chisa- 
sy peack Bay, and seaven navigable 

Nl Rivers that fall into it, with their 
several Inhabitants, and diversitie of Lan- 
guage. pag. 2I—25. 

Of things growing N aturally, as woods. fruits, 
gummes, ‘berries, herbs, vocts; also of beasts, 
birds, and fishes; how they divide the yeare, 
prepare their ground, plant their corne, and vse 
it and other victuall. pag. 25—29. - [p. 352] 

What commodities may be had by industry. 


. [p. 343] 


} Bain The Contents. 


[1607-9] The description of the people, their numbers, 
constitutions, dispositions, attyre, buildings, 
lodgings and gardens, thetr vsage of children, 
striking of fire, making their Bowes and 

E Arrowes, kniues, swords, targets, and boats: 

‘ how they spinne, make fish-hooks, and ginnes, 

and their order of hunting. Consultations 

and order in Warres. pag. 29—33. ..._ ... [p. 359] 

Thetr musicke, entertainment, trade, Physicke, 

Chirurgery and Charmes. Their Religion, 

God, burials ordinary and extraordinary, 

Temples, Priests, Ornaments, solemnities, 

Comurations, Altars, sacrifices, black boyes, 

and resurrection. pag. 34—36. ... ...  ... 

The manner of their government, thew Em- 
peror ; his attendants, watch, treasury, wiues, 
successors and authority: tenure of their lands, 
and manner of punishment, with some words 

of their Language Englished. pag. 37—40. ... [p. 375] 

And a Mappe of the Countrey of Virginia 
now planted. cop aetla ened age, PRO 1ACe ps 304} 


4 


Ya 
a 


[p. 368) 


& 


THE THIRD BookKeg. 


Of the Accidents and Proceedings of the 
English. 


Gm Heir orders of government, Accidents 
© in going, first landing and governe 
' 5 ment setled. pag. 41.42. ... «.. 
1607 @¥ = The Salvages assault the Fort, the 
ships veturne, their names [who] were left, 
occasion of sicknes, plenty vnexpected, the 
building of lames Towne, the beginning of 
Trade, two protects to abandon the Country. 
PAR. 43-46. ee nee see nee ee wee vee [Pe 388] 
Their first attempts upon the Salvages. Cap- 


385] 


291 


292 


The Contents. 


[1607] taine Smith taken prisoner; their order of 


1608 


Triumph, and how he should haue beene exe- 
cuted, was preserved, saved lames towne from 
being surprised, how they Coniured him. Pow- 
hatan entertained him, would haue slaine him ; 
how Pocahontas his daughter saved him, and 
sent him to lames Towne. The third plot to 
abandon the Countrey suppressed. pag. 47—49. 

Their first Supply and Accidents. The Sal- 
vages opinion of our God. Captaine Smith 
vevisits Powhatan; Iames Towne burnt; 
A conceited gold mine; A needlesse charge; 
Captaine Newports returne for England. 
PAG. 50—53- ++ see nee nee eee nee nes 

Iames Towne rebuilt, with a Church and 
Store-house ; The Salvages plot to murther all 
the English; their insolencies suppressed. 
Different opinions among the Councell. p. 53. 

Their names landed in this Supply. p. 54.... 

The discovery of the Bay of Chisapeack. 
Their fight and conference with the Kuska- 
rawaoks; Ambuscadoes prevented in _ the 
river Patawomek; A mine like Antimony. 
Pag. 55—58. wr. wee nee nee nee tee aes 

How to deale with the Salvages. Smith 
neare killed with a Stingray. With many 
other Accidents in the discovery. A needlesse 
misery at lames towne redressed. pag. 58—59. 

The second Voyage to discover the Bay. 
Their Incounter with the Massawomekes and 
Tockwhoghs; the Sasquesahanoughs offer 
subiection to the English. The exceeding loue 
of the Salvage Mosco. Their fight with the 
Rapahanocks; their fight withthe Manahokes. 
The King of Hassaninga’s brother taken 
prisoner; his relation of those mountainers ; 
J Orci with all those Nations. pag. 

The discovery of the river Payankatank; 
their fight with the Nandsamunds, and Chisa- 
peacks ; their returne to lames town. Pnb§-ax 


2 |) 
Fil 
+i 


Smith. 2 
[yas 1624. 


[p- 395] 


[p. 403] 


[p- 408] 
[p-. 411] 


[p- 412] 


[p- 419] 


[p. 421] 


[p- 430] 


aA in 


RN 


he The Contents. 293 


[1608] The Presidency surrendred toCaptaine Smith. 
The second Supply by Captaine Newport, many 
Presents sent from England to Powhatan, 
his scorne, Consultations ; factions suppressed ; 
Captaine Smith visiteth Powhatan; Poca- 
hontas entertaines him with a Maske ; the 
se ella of Powhatan, and Conditions. 
pag. frees [p- 433] 
She Seow ttes of the Monacans; a punish- 
ment for swearing; the Chickahamanians 
forced to Contribution ; the abuses of the 
Mariners; Master Scriveners voyage to 
Werowocomoco. pag. 68—70. ... [p. 438] 
Captaine Smiths Relation to England of 
the estate of the Colony: the names of them 
arrived in this Supply. pag. 71.72. «2 se [p. 442] 
Nandsamund forced to Contribution. The 
first Marriage in Virginia. Peers dis- 
covered. pag. 73. .. [p. 446] 
Captaine Smiths journey ‘to Pamavnkee. 
The discovery of the Chawwonocks. Smiths 
1609 |discourse to Powhatan ; His reply and flattery ; 
and his discourse of Peace and Warre. Pow- 
hatans plot to murther Smith, discovered by 
his daughter Pocahontas. pag. 77. [p-. 448] 
Their escape at Pamavnkee. The Dutchmen 
deceiue Captaine Winne, and arme the Sal- 
vages; sixteene English beset by seven hundred 
Salvages, Smith takes theiy King Opechan- 
kanough prisoner; the Salvages excuse and 
reconcilement. p. 7’7.—80. [p. 456] 
Master Scrivener and others drowned; Master 
Wiffins desperate tourney to Pamavnkee ; 
Powhatan constraines lis men again to be 
trecherous ; he is forced to fraught their Ship; 
Smith poysoned ; the Dutch mens trechery. 
pag. 80—82. ... [p. 460] 
The Dutch-mens “plot ‘to murther Smith. 
He taketh the King of Paspahegh prisoner, 
and others; they become all subiect to the 
English, pag. 84.) 5.6 ies Veen ee ace ee Tp. 467] 


294 The Contents. { Jae 4 


[1609] A Salvage smoothered, yet recovered; three 
or fouwre Salvages slaine im drying stolne 
powder. Great extremity occasioned by ratts ; 
Bread made of dryed Sturgeon ; the punishment 
for loyterers; the discovery of the Mangoags. 
Captaine Argals first arrivall; the incon- 
veniences in a Plantation. p. 84—8g.... ... [p. 469] 
1609 The government altered; the arrivall of the 
third Supply; mutinies; Nandsamund planted; 
breach of peace with the Salvages ; Powhatans 
chiefe seat bought for Copper; Mutinies. pag. 
90. (QI sadigiluisowleonte (aes s wee jee 
Captaine Smith blowne vp with Gun-powder; 
a bloudy intent; the causes why he left the 
Country and his Commission ; his returne for 
England ; the ends of the Dutch-men ... ... [p. 484] 
Certaine Verses of seaven Gentlemen. p.95. ([p. 491] 


hy 


THe Four TA. Boo KE. 


[p. 478} 


With their Proceedings after the alteration 
of the Government. 


Ow the mutiners proceeded; the 
>| WLI Salvages revolt; the planting point 
Cy Q, Comfort. Them at Nandsamund, 
SIGS and the Fals, defeated by the Sal- 
vages. Captaine Rat[c]liff, with thirtie slaine 
by Powhatan. The fruits of improvidence. 
1610 The arrivall of Sir Thomas Gates. Iames 
Towne abandoned. The arrivall of the Lord 

La Warre; their actions, and both their re- 
twrnes. pag. 105—-108. ssc ese 

1611 The government left to Captaine Percie; and 
Ius proceedings. The arrivall of Sir Thomas 
Dale, and his actions. pag. 109—II0. ... ... 

The second arrivall of Sir Thomas Gates; 


[p- 497] 


[p- 505] 


——_— 


fag oer The Contents. 
1612 the building Henerico, and the Bermudas; 


1613 


1614 


1615 
1616 


1617 
1618 


1619 


1620 


1621 


how Captaine Argall tooke Pocahontas pri- 
soner. Dales voyage to Pamavnkee. The 
marriage of Pocahontas to Master Rolfe. 
Articles of Peace with the Salvages. p[ag]. 
IIO—II4. 

The government left to Sir Thomas Dale. 
Captaine Argals voyage to port Royall. 
Master Hamers to Powhatan; and their 
Accidents. pag. 115.116... 

The manner of the Lottery. A Spanish 
Shippe in Virginia. Dale with Pocahontas 
comes for England. Captaine Yerley left 
Deputy Governour ; his warres and peace with 
the Chickahamanians, and proceedings. pag. 
T17—I2t.. |. 

A relation to Queene Anne of the quality and 
condition of Pocahontas; how the Queen en- 
tertained her ; Captaine Argall sent governor ; 
the death of Powhatan; ten English slaine; 
Argals accidents and proceeedings. The Lord 
de la Warre sent againe governour ; his death. 
A relation of their present estates. Haile-stones 
8. inches about. pag. 12I—125. ... 

Sir George Yerley sent governor ; Waras- 
koyack planted. A parliament in Virginia ; 
foure Corporations appointed ; the adventures 
of Captaine Ward; the number of ships and 
men sent this yeare; gifts given; Patents 
granted. pag. 125—127. 

A desperate Sea fight by Captaine Chester 
with two Spanish men of warre; the names of 
the Adventurers. pag. 128—138. ... 

Notes and observations. 7 relation of their 
estates by Master Stockam. The arnivall of 
Siy Francis Wyat with nine ships. Master 
Gockings plantation; and their accidents; the 
number of ships and men sent this yeare ; gifts 
given, Patents granted. p. 139—I4I. ...  «. 

Master Pories tourneyes to Pawtuxunt, and 
other places, with his accidents. pag. 141—143. 


[p- 509] 


[p. 517] 


(p. 5221] 


- [p. 530] 


[p- 540) 


[P- 544] 


[p. 561] 
[p- 567] 


295 


1622 


1623 


1624 


The Contents. 


Captaine Each sent to build Forts and 
Barks. The cause and manner of the Mas- 
sacre; the numbers slaine; the providence of 
Captaine Nuse ; Captaine Chroshaw Mus 
voyage to Patowomek. pag. 143—I5I. 

Captaine Smiths offer to the Company to sup- 
presse the Salvages. Their answer; the manner 
of the Sallery; Chroshaw stayes at Patawo- 
mek; the escape of Waters and lus wife. 
Captaine Hamar goes to Patawomek; Chro- 
shaws plot for all their preservations. Captaine 
Madison sent to Patawomek. Captaine Powell 
kils three Salvages. Sir George Yerleys 
tourney to Acomack. The misery of Captaine 
Nuse. The kindness of the King of Pata- 
womek; a vile policy of a Salvage; Madisons 
muschiefe unto the Patawomeks. It was not 
well don{e] to make Opechankanough drinke 
healths. 300. surpriseth Nandsamund and 
Pamavnkee. The opinion of Captaine Smith 
how to subiect the Salvages. The arriuall of 
Captaine Butler in Virginia, and other Acci- 
dents. pag. I52—161. .. 

The losse of Captaine Spilman and 26. men. 
A particular of such necessaries as are fit for 
private persons or families. pag. 161. 162. 

A briefe relation by Captaine Smith to his 
Maiesties Commissioners, for the reformation 
of Virginia. The 7 questions the right Worthie 
Commissioners demanded, and his answers; 
how the King hath pleased to take it into his 
consideration. pag. 163—168. 

At this present two ships are going; more 
a preparing ; new Commissions sent. ...  ... 

A Proclamation, no Tobacco be vsed in 
England, but what shall come from Virginia, or 
the Somer Isles; quere [t.e., see] the Procla- 
mation. 


a& 


[Fi Sait : 
uly 1624. 


- [p- 570] 


- [p. 588] 


[p. 606] 


[p. 610) 


gaa The Contents. 


THE FIFT BookKxke. 


Mappe of the Somer Isles and 
Fortresses [To face p.624]. The 
description of the Isles, the fruits, 
me jishes, soyle, ayre, beasts, birds, 
with the relation of the shipwrack of Henry 
1593 May. pag. 169—173 
1609 Theshipwrack of Siy Thomas Gates, and Sir 
1610 George Somers; their accidents, deliverance 
and arrivall in Virginia. Somers returne to 
the Isles; his death, and Epitaph, the accidents 
1611 hapned ; three men lived there alone two yeares. 
pag. 174—177. nee 
1612 Master More sent to make a 2 plantation. A 
peece of Amber Greece found of 80. pound 
weight; much dissension; Mores industrie in 
fortifying and waghing Ordnance out of the 
1613 wracks. Thewr first Supply; a strange increase 
of Potatoes. The attempt of 2. Spanish ships ; 
a great mortality; a strange being of Ravens; 
1614 a new Supply, with their Accidents, and 
Moores returne. pag. 177—180... x 
1615 Therent [rule] of the six governours ; a won- 
derfull accident of Hilliard, “not much lesse then 
a miracle. pag. I81. 182. ... : 
1616 The government of Captaine Tuckar; Assises; 
the strange adventure of 5 men in a boat ; plants 
from the West Indies ; ; the endevours of Cap- 
1617 taine Powell; Assises. The Country neer de- 
voured with “vats ; their strange confusion. 
1618 The divisions of the Isles into Tribes, and 
Tribes into shares, by Master Norwood ; the 
names of the adventurers, and their shares. 
pag. 182—189.' ... 

The first Magazin ; two ‘exployts “of desperate 
fugitiues. The returne of Captaine Tuckar. 
Captaine Kendall left deputy-governor, and 
their Accidents. pag. 189—I0lI. ... 

1619 The government of Captaine Butler ; A plat- 


[p. 625) 


[p- 635] | 


- [p. 642] 


[p- 649] 


[p. 653] 


[p. 665] 


297 


The Contents. 


[1619] forme burnt, and much hurt by a Hericano. 
The vefortifying the Kings Castle. The ar- 
vivall of two Dutch Frigots. The rebuilding 
the Mount, and a Tombe for Si George 
Somers. The reformation of their lawes and 
officers. Their Assises. A Parliament. Their 
acts ; their opinion of the Magazin. The build- 

1620 ing three Bridges. The generall Assises; A 
strange deliverance of a Spanish wracke. A 

1621 strange Sodomy; many Ordnances got from 
wracks. Their estates present. pag. IgI—199. 

1622 Master Barnard sent to be governour; his 
arrivall, death, and funerall, with the pro- 

1623 ceedings of Master Harrison his successor, 

1624 and Captaine Woodhouse their governor. 
pag. 200—201. aaa Minis) baatie aaa 

Certaine Verses of Master Withers, and other 
Genlemen i ows okt sae 


oh) 


THe st xe-T Bw eee 


iN ts appe of New England [State 
iN 7 AV., cee. piicxxxyer Torfaces: 
}) 694). How this country hath bin 

S* accounted but a miserable Desert. 
Captain Smith’s first voyage; what peace and 
warres he had with the Salvages, and within 
6. moneths returned with 15001. worths of 
commodities; got Prince Charles to call it 
New-England. A Table of the old names 
and the new. pag. 203—205. = i eS 

Captaine Hobsons voyage to Capan; the 
Londoners apprehend tt. The situation: notes 
for ignorant undertakers. The description of the 
Country. Staple Commodities; present proofe 
of the healthfulnesse of the clime. Observations 
of the Hollanders chiefe trade. pag. 209... 


1614 


J. Smith, 
uly 1624. 


[p- 669} 


[p. 687] 


. [p. 689] 


[p. 695] 


[p. 701] 


Eien The Contents. 


[1614] Examples of the altitude comparatiuely ; the 
reasons why to plant it. An example of the 
gaines every yeare; a description of 15. severall 
Countries in particular. Of their Kings, rivers, 
harbors, Isles, mountains, landmarks, fruits, 
woods, birds, fishes, beasts, Gc. and how as well 
Genilemen, as mec{hlanicks, may be imployed, 
and get much wealth, with the reasons and causes 
of the defaylements. pag. 200—22I.  . 

1615  Captaine Smiths second voyage ; his ship 
neevre foundered in the Sea; He reimbarketh 

1616 himselfe; incountreth the E nglish Pyrats; fought 
with the French Pyrates; is betrayed by 4. 
French men of warre; how he was released ; 
his men ran from him with ship and all; how 
he lived with the French men; what fights 
they had, what prizes they tooke; the French 
mens ingratitude. 13 sayle cast away: how he 
escaped, proceeded im France, returned for 
England, and punished them [that] ran from 
him. pag. 222—227. - 

1617.) The yearely trialls of ‘New- ‘England ; the 

1618 benefit of fishing, as Master Dee, and divers re- 
port, and approoved by the Hollanders Records; 

1619 how it becomes so well apprehended, that more 
then 150. haue gone thither to fish, with an 
estimate of their gaines, with many observations 
and Accidents. pag. 228—230. ron Fe 

1620 A Plantation in New- England; “their just 
landing ; divers tourneys and accidents ; the 
description of the harbors, bayes, lakes, and that 
place they inhabit, called New-Plimouth; con- 
ference with the ’Salvages ; ; and kinde vsage 
of the King of the Massasoyts; a@ strange 
policte of Tusquantum. pag. 230—234. ... 

162r The Salvages make warres for thew friend- 
ships; the English revenge their friends iniuries. 

1622 Notes and observations. They lived two yeares 
without Supplyes ; the death of Tusquantum ; 
they contriue to murther the English; how the 
English did cure a King sicke to death ; 


[P. 710] 


- [p. 73% 


-- [p- 743] 


[p. 749] 


299 


300 The Contents. fas en 
most desperate Salvages; the courage of Cap- 
taine Standish; the Salvages sue for peace. 
pag. 235—239- eee see tee eee nee eee 

1623 A most remarkable observation of Gods loue. 
40 sayle fished there this yeare; the religion of 
the Salvages ; the government; an answer to 
obiections; considerations; the charge; the 
order of the Western men. pag. I40—142.... [p. 766} 

The effects of shipping ; the Popes order for 
the East and West Indies. How to build a little 
navy royall; contention for New- England. 
The necessitie of martiall power. pag. 243—244. [p. 773} 
The charge to set forth a ship of a 100. tuns, 
both to make a fishing voyage, and increase the 
plantation. The factlitie of the fishing lately 

1624 observed. Their present estate at New-Pli- 

mouth, and order of government. ... ...  ... [p. 778] 


[p- 758] 


Its not his part that is the best Translator, 
To render word for word to every Author. 


The Generall Historie of Virginia, New England, & the Summer Isles. 
THE First BOOK 


1624. 


The English voyages to the old Virginia. 
1584-1605. 


(This First Book is merely an Abridgement of the earlier English 
voyages to Virginia, compiled from various publications, by Captain 
JOHN SMITH, for the most part in 1622, Z. 331.] 


HOW 


ANCIENT AVTHORS 
REPORT, THE NEVV-VVORLD, 


Now called America, was discovered : 
and part thereof first Planted by 
the Eneuisn, called Vircinia, 
with the Accidents and Pro- 
ceedings of the same. 


The first Booke. 


Or the Stories of Arthur, Malgo, and 
Brandon, that say a thousand yeares 
agoe they were in the North of America; 
or the Fryer of Linn that by his blacke 
Art went to the North pole in the yeare 
1360. in that I know them not. Let 
this suffice. 

—— ~=—s- The Chronicles of Wales report, that 
Madock, sonne to Owen Quineth, Prince of Wales seeing his 
two brethren at debate who should inherit, prepared cer- 
taine Ships, with men and munition, and left his Country 
to seeke aduentures by Sea: leauing Iveland North he 
sayled west till he came to a Land vnknowne. Returning 
home and relating what pleasant and fruitfull Countries he 
had seene without Inhabitants, and for what barren ground 
his brethren and kindred did murther one another, he pro- 
vided a number of Ships, and got with him such men and 
women as were desirous to liue in quietnesse, that arriued 


[1170] 


1170 


304 


[1170- 
1583] 


1492. 


1497. 


1576. 


1588. 


. . 4 ° . i h. 
The Discoveries and Accidents Lip. 1. [*3,29 2.5m 


with him in this new Land in the yeare 1170: Left many 
of his people there and returned for more. But where this 
place was no History can show. 

The Spanyards say Hanno a Prince of Carthage was the 
first: and the next Christopher Cullumbus, a Genoesian, 
whom they sent to discover those vnknowne parts. 1492. 

But we finde by Records, Cullumbus offered his seruice 
in the yeare 1488. to King Henry the seauenth; and by 
accident vndertooke it for the Spanyards. In the Interim 
King Henry gaue a Commission to John Cabot, and his 
three sonnes, Sebastian, Lewis, and Sautius. John and 
Sebastian well provided, setting sayle, ranged a great part 
of this vnknowne world, in the yeare 1497. For though 
Cullumbus had found certaine Iles, it was 1498. ere he saw 
the Continent, which was a yeare after Cabot. Now 
Americus came a long time after, though the whole Con- 
tinent to this day is called America after his name, yet 
Sebastian Cabot discovered much more then them all, for he 
sayled to about forty degrees Southward of the lyne, and 
to sixty-seauen towards the North: for which King Henry 
the eight Knighted him and made him grand Pilate of 
England. Being very aged King Edward the sixt gaue 
him a Pention of 166/. 13s. 4d. yearely. By his directions 
Sir Hugh Willowby was sent to finde out the Country of 
Russia, but the next yeare he was found frozen to death 
in his Ship, and all his Company. 

Master Martin Frobisher was sent in the yeare 1576. by 
our most gracious Queene Elizabeth, to search for the 
Northwest passage, and Meta incognita: for which he was 
Knighted, honored, and well rewarded. 

Sir Humphrey Gilbert a worthy Knight attempted a 
Plantation in some of those parts: and obtained Letters 
Pattents to his desire: but with this Proviso, He should 
[2] maintaine possession in some of those vast Countries 
within the tearme of sixe yeares. Yet ewhen he was pro- 
vided with a Navy able to incounter a Kings power, even 
here at home they fell in diuisions, and so into confusion, 
that they gaue over the Designe ere it was begun, not- 
withstanding all this losse, his vndanted spirit began 
againe, but his Fleet fell with New-fownd land, and he 
perished in his returne, as at large you may read in the 


Ba by J. Smith] Lip. 1. of Captacne Philip Amidas. 305 


third Volume of the English Voyages, written by Master [1583-4] 
Hackluit {in 1599-1600]. 

Vpon all those Relations and inducements, Sir Walter 
Raleigh, a noble Gentleman, and then in great esteeme, 
vndertooke to send to discover to the Southward. And 
though his occasions and other imployments were such he 
could not goe himselfe, yet he procured her Maiesties 
Letters Pattents, and perswaded many worthy Knights 
and Gentlemen to adventure with him to finde a place fit 
fora Plantation. Their Proceedings followeth. 

The most famous, renowned, and euer worthy of all 1584. 

memory, for her courage, learning, iudgement, and vertue, 
Queene Elizabeth, granted her Letters Patents to Sir 
Walter Raleigh for the discovering and planting new Lands 
and Countries, not actually possessed by any Christians. 
This Patenty got to be his assistants Sir Richard Grenvell 
the valiant, Master William Sanderson a great friend to all 
such noble and worthy actions, and divers other Gentle- 
men and Marchants, who with all speede prouided two 
small Barkes well furnished with all necessaries, vnder 
the command of Captaine Philip Amidas and Captaine 
Barlow. The 27. of Aprill [1584] they set sayle from the 
Thames, the tenth of May passed the Canaries, and the 
tenth of Iune the West Indies: which vnneedfuli Southerly 
course, (but then no better was knowne) occasioned them 
in that season much sicknesse. 

Thesecond of Luly [1584] theyfell with thecoast of Florida Ther | 
in shoule water, where they felt a most delicate sweete 
smell, though they saw no land, which ere long they espied, 
thinking it the Continent: an hundred and twenty myles 
they sayled not finding any harbor. The first that appeared 
with much difficulty they entred, and anchored, and after 
thankes to God they went to view the next Land adioyning 
to take possession of it for the Queenes most excellent 
Maiestie: which done, they found their first landing place 
very sandy and low, but so full of grapes that the very Abundance 
surge of the Sea sometimes over-flowed them: of which of Grapes, 
they found such plenty in all places, both on the sand, the 
greene soyle and hils, as in the plaines as well on euery little 
shrub, as also climbing towardes the tops of high Cedars, 
that they did thinke in the world were not the like abundance. 

20 | 


306 
[1584] 


The Ile of 
Wokokon. 


tn Lybanus 
are not 
many. 


Conference 
with a 
Salvage. 


The Arriuall 
of the Kings 
brother. 


The Discoveries and Accidents Li. 1. [ Gast A Baowe | 
? Sept. 1584. 
We passed by the Sea-side towards the tops of the next 
hills being not high: from whence we might see the Sea 
on both sides, and found it an Ile of twentie myles in 
length, and six in breadth, the vallyes replenished with 
goodly tall Cedars. Discharging our Muskets, such a 
flocke of Cranes, the most white, arose by vs, with such 
a cry as if an Army of men had shouted altogether. This 
Ile hath many goodly Woods, and Deere, Conies, and 
Foule in incredible abundance, and vsing the Authors 
owne phrase, the Woods are not such as you finde in 
Bohemia, Moscovia, or Hercinia, barren and fruitlesse, but 
the highest and reddest Cedars of the world, bettering 
them of the Assores, Indies, or Libanus: Pynes, Cypres, 
Saxefras, the Lentisk that beareth Mastick, and many 
other of excellent smell and qualitie. ‘Till the third day 
we saw not any of the people, then in a little Boat three 
of them appeared, one of them went on shore, to whom 
wee rowed, and he attended vs without any signe of feare ; 
after he had spoke much though we vnderstood not a 
word, of his owne accord he came boldly aboord vs, we 
gaue him a shirt, a hat, wine and meate, which he liked 
well, and after he had well viewed the barkes and vs, he 
went away in his owne Boat, and within a quarter of a 
myle of vs in halfe an houre, had loaden his Boat with 
fish, with which he came againe to the poynt of land, and 
there devided it in two parts, poynting one part to the Ship, 
the other to the Pinnace, and so departed. [31 
The next day came diuers Boats, and in one of them the 
Kings Brother, with forty or fifty men, proper people, and in 
their behauiour very ciuill; his name was Granganameo, the 
King is called Wingina, the Country Wingandacoa. Leauing 
his Boats a little from our Ships, he came with his trayne 
to the poynt: where spreading a Matte he sat downe. 
Though we came to him well armed, he made signes to vs 
to sit downe without any shew of feare, stroking his head 
and brest, and also ours, to expresse his loue. After he had 
made a long speech vnto vs, we presented him with diuers 
toyes, which he kindly accepted. He was greatly regarded 
by his people, for none of them did sit, nor speake a word, 
but foure, on whom we bestowed presents also, but he tooke 
all from them, making signes all things did belong to him. 


Ba. by J. Smith] Lis. 1. of Captaine Philip Amidas, 


The King himselfe in a conflict with a King his next 
neighbour and mortall enemy, was shot in two places 
through the body, and the thigh, yet recouered: whereby 
he lay at his chiefe towne six dayes iourney from thence. 

A day or two after shewing them what we had, Gran- 
ganameo taking most liking to a Pewter dish, made a hole 
in it, hung it about his necke for a brest-plate: for which 
he gaue vs twenty Deere skins, worth twenty Crownes; 
and for a Copper Kettell, fiftie skins, worth fiftie Crownes. 
Much other trucke we had, and after two dayes he came 
aboord, and did eate and drinke with vs very merrily. 
Not long after he brought his wife and children, they were 
but of meane stature, but well fauoured and very bashfull ; 
she had a long coat of Leather, and about her privities 
a peece of the same, about her forehead a band of white 
Corrall, and so had her husband, in her eares were brace- 
lets of pearle, hanging downe to her middle, of the big- 
nesse of great Pease; the rest of the women had Pendants 
of Copper, and the Noblemen fiue or sixe in an eare; his 
apparrell as his wiues, onely the women weare their haire 
long on both sides, and the men but on one; they are of 
colour yellow, but their hayre is blacke, yet we saw children 
that had very fayre Chesnut coloured hayre. 

After that these women had beene here with vs, there 
came downe from all parts great store of people, with 
Leather, Corrall, and diuers kinde of dyes, but when 
Granganameo was present, none durst trade but himselfe, 
and them that wore red Copper on their heads, as he did. 
When euer he came, he would signifie by so many fires he 
came with so many boats, that we might know his strength. 
Their Boats are but one great tree, which is but burnt in 
the forme of a trough with gins and fire, till it be as they 
would haue it. For an armour he would haue ingaged vs 
a bagge of pearle, but we refused, as not regarding it, that 
wee might the better learn where it grew. He was very 
iust of his promise, for oft we trusted him, and he would 
come within his day to keepe his word. He sent vs com- 
monly euery day a brace of Bucks, Conies, Hares, and 
fish, sometimes Mellons, Walnuts, Cucumbers, Pease, 
and diuers rootes. This Author sayth, their corne 
groweth three times in fiue moneths; in May they sow, 


307 
[1584] 


Trade with 
he 


Salvages. 


Nete. 


308 
[1584] 


The Tle 
Roanoak. 


The great 
courtesie of 
a Woman. 


A banquet. 


The Discoveries and Accidents Lup. 1. [axe FP: dedess 
? Sept. 1584. 
in Iuly reape; in Iune they sow, in August reape; in 
Iuly sow, in August reape. We put some of our Pease 
in the ground, which in ten dayes were 14. ynches high. 

The soyle is most plentifull, sweete, wholesome, and 
fruitfull of all other, there are about 14. seuerall sorts of 
sweete smelling tymber trees: the most parts of the 
vnderwood, Bayes and such like: such Okes as we, but 
far greater and better. 

After this acquaintance, my selfe with seauen more went 
twenty myle into the Riuer Occam, that runneth toward the 
Cittie Skicoack, and the euening following we came to an 
Ile called Roanoak, from the harbour where we entred 7. 
leagues; at the North end was g. houses, builded with 
Cedar, fortified round with sharpe trees, and the entrance 
like a Turnpik. When we came towards it, the wife of 
Granganameo came running out to meete vs, (her husband 
was absent) commanding her people to draw our Boat 
ashore for beating on the billowes, other she appoynted to 
carry vs on their backes aland, others to bring our Ores 
into the house for [4] stealing. When we came into the 
other roome, (for there was fiue in the house) she caused 
vs to sit downe by a great fire; after tooke off our clothes 
and washed them, of some our stockings, and some our 
feete in warme water, and she her selfe tooke much paines 
to see all things well ordered, and to provide vs victuall. 

After we had thus dryed our selues, she brought vs into 
an Inner roome, where she set on the bord standing a long 
the house somewhat like frumentie, sodden venison, and 
rosted fish; in like manner mellons raw, boyled rootes 
and fruites of diuers kindes. The[i]re drinke is commonly 
water boyled with Ginger, sometimes with Saxefras, and 
wholsome herbes, but whilest the Grape lasteth they 
drinke wine. More loue she could not expresse to en- 
tertaine vs; they care but onely to defend themselues 
from the short winter, and feede on what they finde 
naturall in sommer. In this feasting house was their 
Idoll of whom they tould vs vncredible things. When we 
were at meate two or three of her men came amongst vs 
with their Bowes and Arrowes, which caused vs to take 
our armes in hand. She perceiuing our distrust, caused 
their Bowes and Arrowes to be broken, and they beaten 


Ed. by J. mer] Lr. I. of Captaine Philip Amidas. 


out of the gate: but the euening approaching we returned 
to our boate, where at she much grieuing brought our 
supper halfe boyled, pots and all, but when she saw vs but 
put our boat a little off from the shoar and lye at Anchor, 
perceiuing our Ielousie, she sent diuers men and 30. women 
to sit al night on the shoare side against vs, and sent vs 
fiue Mats to couer vs from the raine, doing all she could to 
perswade vs to her house. Though there was no cause of 
doubt, we would not aduenture: for on our safety depended 
the voyage: but a more kinde louing people cannot be. 
Beyond this Ile is the maine land and the great riuer 
Occam, on which standeth a Towne called Pomeiock, and 
six dayes higher, their City Skicoak: those people neuer 
saw it, but say the[iJre fathers affirme it to be aboue two 
houres iourney about. Into this riuer falleth an other 
called Cipo, where is found many Mustells wherein are 
Pearles: likewise another Riuer called Nomapona, on the 
one side whereof standeth a great towne called Chawanock, 
the Lord of the Country is not subiect to Wingandacoa. 
Beyond him an other king they cal Menatonon. ‘These 3. 
are in league each with other. Towards the south. 4. dayes 
iourney is Seguotan, the southermost part of Wingandacoa. 
Adioyning to Secotan beginneth the country Pomouik, 
belonging to the King called Piamacum, in the Country 
Nusiok vpon the great riuer Neus. These haue mortall 
warres with Wingina, King of Wingandacoa. Betwixt 
Piemacum and the Lord of Secotan, a peace was concluded: 
notwithstanding there is a mortall malice in the Secotans, 
because this Piemacum invited diuers men, and 30. women 
to a feast, and when they were altogether merry before 
their Idoll, which is but a meere illusion of the Deuill, 
they sudainly slew all the men of Secotan, and kept the 
women for their vse. Beyond Roanoak are many Isles 
full of fruits and other Naturail increases, with many 
Townes a long the side of the Continent. Those Iles lye 
200. myles in length, and betweene them and the mayne, 
a great long sea, in some places. 20. 40. or 50. myles 
broad, in other more, somewhere lesse. And in this sea 
are 100. Iles of diuers bignesses, but to get into it, you 
haue but 3. passages and they very dangerous. ; 
Though this you see for most part be but the relations of 


309 
(1584) 


Skicoac a 
greattown 


Pomovik 


310 


Sir Richard Grenvill, avd Liz. 1. [ cae A: email 
? Sept. 1584. 


[1584-5] Saluages, because it is the first, I thought it not a misse 


How the 
Country 
was called 
Virginia. 


Sir Richara Yo 
Grenvil 


voyage 
1585. 


to remember them as they are written by them that 
returned and ariued in England about the middest of 
September [1584] the same yeare. 

This discouery was so welcome into England that it 
pleased her Maiestie to call this Country of Wingandacoa, 
Virginia, by which name now you are to vnderstand how 
it was planted, disolued, renued, and enlarged. 


The Performers of this voyage were these following. 


Philip Amadas. . William Grenuill. 
Arthur Barlow. | Captaines Iohn Wood. 


Iames Browewich. 


Henry Greene. of the 
Beniamen Wood. vias 
Simon Ferdinando. pamte. 


Nicholas Peryman. 
Iohn Hewes. [5] 


3G 


Sir Richard Grenuills voyage to Virginia, for 
Szr Walter Raleigh. 1585. 


7. sayle: the chiefe men with him in command, 
were Master Ralph Layne, Master Thomas 
oS Candish, Master Iohn Arundel, Master Stukley, 
Master Bremige, Master Vincent, Master Heryot and Master 
Iohn Clarke. The 14. day we fell with the Canaries, 
and the 7. of May with Dominico in the West Indies: 
we landed at Portovico, after with much a doe at Izabella 
on the north of Hispaniola, passing by many Iles. Vpon 
the 20. we fell with the mayne of Florida, and were 
put in great danger vpon Cape Fear. The 26. we An- 
chored at Wocokon, where the admiral [flag-ship] had like 
to beene cast away: presently we sent to Wingina to 
Roanoak, and Master Arundell went to the mayne, with 
Manteo a saluage, and that day to Crooton. 


Ed. by J. Smae.| La. 1. Master Ralph Layne. 


The rr. The Generall victualed for 8. dayes, with a 
selected company went to the maine, and discovered the 
Townes of Pomeiok, Aquascogoc, Secotan, and the great 
Lake called Paguipe. At Agquascogoc the Indians stole a 
siluer Cup, wherefore we burnt the Towne and spoyled 
their corne, so returned to our fleete at Tocokon. 

Whence we wayed for Hatovask, where we rested, and 
Granganimeo, King Wingina’s brother with Manteo came 
abord our Admirall, the Admirall went for Weapomeiok, 
and Master John Arundell for England. 

Our Generaill in his way home tooke a rich loaden ship 
of 300. tunns, with which he ariued at Plimouth the 18. 
of September. 1585. 


These were left vnder the command of Master 


Ralph Layne to inhabite the Country, but 
they returned within a yeare. 


Philip Amidas Admirall. Master Rogers. 

Master Thomas Heryot. Master Haruy. 

Master Acton. Master Snelling. 

Master Stafford. Master Antony Russe. 
Master Thomas Luddington. | Master Allen. 

Master Maruyn. Master Michaell Pollison. 
Captaine Vaghan. Master Thomas Bockner. 
Master Kendall. Master Iames mason. 
Master Gardiner. Master Damd Salter. 
Master Predeox. Master Iames Skinner. 


With diuers others to the number of 108. 


Touching the most remarkeable things of the Country 
and our proceeding from the 17 of August 1585. till the 
18. of Iune 1586. we made Roanoack our habitation. 

The vtmost of our discouery Southward was Secotan as 
we esteemed 80. leagues from Roanoacke. The passage 
from thence was thought a broad sound within the maine, 
being without kenning of land, yet full of flats and shoulds 
that our Pinnasse could not passe, and we had but one 
boat with 4. ores, that would carry but 15. men with their 
prouisions for 7. dayes: so that because the winter ap- 
proached we left those discoueries till a stronger supply. 


311 
[1585] 


Their first 
Plantation. 


312 Sir Richard Grenvill, azd Lie. 1.[P*Ph tage 


[1585-6] | To the Northward; our farthest was to a Towne of the 
Chesapeacks, from Roanoack 130. myles. The passage is 
very shallow and dangerous by reason of the breadth 
of the sound and the little succour for a storme, but this 
ter[rlitory being 15. myle from the shoare, for pleasantnest 
of seate, for temporature of climate, fertility of soyle and 
comoditie of the Sea, besides beares, good woods, Saxefras, 
Walnuts, Gc. is not to be excelled by any other whatsoeuer. 

There be sundry other Kings they call Weroances as 
the Mangoacks, Trypaniks and opposians, which came to 
visit vs. 

Chawonoac, To the northwest our farthest was Chawonock from 
Roanoack 130. myles our [6] passage lyeth through a broad 
sound, but all fresh water, and the channell Nauigable for 
a Ship, but out of it full of shoules. 

The townes by the way by the water, are Passaquenock 
the womens towne, Chepanoc, Weapomeiok; from Musca- 
munge wee enter the riuer and iurisdiction of Chawonock, 
there it beginneth to straiten, and at Chawonock it is as 
Thames at Lambeth: betwixt them as we passed is goodly 
high land on the left hand, and there is a towne called 
Ohanock, where is a great corne field, it is subiect to 

Chawonock Cawonock, which is the greatest Prouince vpon the riuer, 

yoo.men. and the Towne it selfe can put seuen hundred men into 
the field, besides the forces of the rest. The King is lame, 
but hath more vnderstanding then all the rest. 

The river of Moratoc is more famous then all the rest, 
and openeth into the sound of Weapomeiok, and where 
there is but a very small currant in Chawonock, it hath so 
strong a currant from the Southwest, as we doubted how to 
row against it. Strange things they report of the head of 
this riuer, and of Moratoc it selfe, a principall towne on it, 
and is thirtie or fortie dayes Iourneyto the head. This lame 

Menatonon King [of Chawonock] is called Menatonon. When I had him 

his Relations prisoner two dayes, he told mee that 3. dayes Iourney in a 

PeRtle, tad Canow vp the riuer Chawonock, then landing and going foure 

a ric ine, . > 

and the Sea Gayes Iourney Northeast, there is a King whose Country 

a lyeth on the Sea, but his best place of strength is an Iland 
in a Bay inuironed with deepe water, where he taketh that 
abundance of Pearle, that not onely his skins, and his 
nobles, but also his beds and houses are garnished there- 


ee 


ee 


Ba. by J. Smith] Ls. 1. AZaster Ralph Layne. 


with. This king was at Chawonock two yeares agoe [1584] 
to trade with blacke pearle, his worst sort whereof I had 
a rope, but they were naught; but that King he sayth 
hath store of white, and had trafficke with white men, for 
whom he reserued them; he promised me guides to him, 


but aduised me to goe strong, for he was vnwilling 


strangers should come in his Country, for his Country 
is populous and valiant men. If a supply had come in 
Aprill, I resolued to haue sent a small Barke to the North- 
ward to haue found it, whilest I with small Boates and 
200. men would haue gone to the head of the riuer Chawo- 
nock, with sufficient guides by land, inskonsing my selfe 
euery two dayes, where I would leaue Garrisons for my 
retreat, till I came to this Bay. 

Very neare vnto it is the riuer of Movatoc, directly from 
the West, the head of it springeth out of a mayne Rocke, 
which standeth so neare the Sea, that in stormes the Sea 
beats ouer it into this fresh spring, that of it selfe at the 
surse is a violent streame. I intended with two Wherries 
and fortie persons to haue Menatonons sonne for guide, to 
try this presently, till I could meete with some of the 
Moratocks, or Mangoaks; but hoping of getting more victuall 
from the Saluages, we as narrowly escaped staruing in 
that Discouery as euer men did. 

For Pemissapan who had changed his name of Wingina 
vpon the death of his brother Granganameo, had giuen 
both the Chawonests, and Mangoaks word of my purpose: 
also he told me the Chawonocks had assembled two or three 
thousand to assault me at Roanok, vrging me daily to goe 
against them, and them against vs; a great assembly 
I found at my comming thether, which suddaine approach 
did so dismay them, that we had the better of them: and 
this confederacy against vs was procured by Pemissapan 
himselfe our chiefe friend [as] we trusted ; he sent word also 
to the Moratoks and the Mangoaks, I came to inuade them, 
that they all fled vp into the high Country, so that where 
I assured my selfe both of succour and prouision, I found 
all abandoned. 

But being thus farre on my iourney 160. myles from 
home, and but victuals for two dayes, besides the casual- 
ties of crosse winds, stormes, and the Saluages trechery, 


313 
[1585-6] 


Pemissapan 
his trechery. 


The dis- 

couery of 
the riuer 
Moratoc. 


Str Richard Grenvill, and — Lip. 1. [PB 133e | 


[1585-6] though we intended no hurt to any: I gaue my Company 


to vnderstand we were onely drawne forth vpon these 
vaine hopes by the Saluages to bring vs to confusion: a 
Councell we held, to goe forward or returne, but they 
all were absolutely resolued but three, that whilst there 
was but one pynt of Corne for a man, they would not 


(4/-711476] Jeane the search of that riuer; for they had two Mastiue 


Dogs, which boyled with Saxefras leaues (if the worst fell 
[7] out), vpon them and the pottage they would liue two 
dayes, which would bring them to the sound, where they 
should finde fish for two dayes more to passe it to Roanock, 
which two dayes they had rather fast then goe backe a 
foote, till they had seene the Mangoaks either as friends 
or foes. 

Though I did forsee the danger and misery, yet the 
desire I had to see the Mangoaks was, for that there is 
a prouince called Chaunis Temoatan, frequented by them 
and well knowne to all those Countries, where is a mine of 
Copper they call Wassador; they say they take it out 
of ariuer that falleth swiftly from high rocks in shallow 
water, in great Bowles, couered with leather, leauing a 
part open to receiue the mettall, which by the change of 
the colour of the water where the spout falleth, they sud- 
dainly chop downe, and haue the Bowlefull, which they 
cast into the fire, it presently melteth, and doth yeeld in 
fiue parts at the first melting two parts mettall for three 
of Ore. The Mangoaks haue such plenty of it, they 
beautifie their houses with great plates thereof: this the 
Salvages report ; and young Skzko the King of Chawonocks 
sonne my prisoner, that had beene prisoner among the 
Mangoaks, but neuer at Chaunis Temoatan, for he sayd that 
was twentie dayes iourney overland from the Mangoaks. 

Menatonon also confirmed all this, and promised me 
guid{e]s to this mettall Country; by Land to the Mangoaks 
is but one dayes iourney, but seauen by water, which 
made me so willing to haue met them for some assay of 
this mettall: but when we came there we found no crea- 
ture, onely we might see where had beene their fires. 

After our two dayes iourney, and our victuals spent, in 
the euening we heard some call as we thought Manteo, 
who was with me in the boat; this made vs glad, he made 


«Ed. by J. Sma | Lis. 1. Master Ralph Layne. 


them a friendly answer, which they answered with a song 
we thought for welcome, but he told vs they came to 
fight. Presently they did let flie their Arrowes about the 
boat, but did no hurt, the other boat scouring the shore 
we landed: but they all were fled, and how to finde 
them wee knew not. 

So the next morning we returned to the mouth of the 
riuer, that cost vs foure dayes rowing vp, and here our dogs 
pottage stood vs in good stead, for we had nothing els: 
the next day we fasted being wind-bound, and could not 
passe the sound, but the day following we came to Chip- 
panum, where the people were fled, but their wl[elires 
afforded vs fish: thus being neare spent, the next day God 
brought vs to Roanocke. 

I conclude a good Mine, or the South sea will make this 
Country quickly inhabited, and so for pleasure and profit 
comparable with any in the world: otherwise there will 
be nothing worth the fetching. Provided there be found 
a better harbour then yet there is, which must be North- 
ward if there be any. Master Vaughan no lesse hoped of 
the goodnesse of the Mine, then Master Heriot that the 
riuer Moratocks head, either riseth by the Bay of Mexico, 
or very neare the South Sea, or some part that openeth 
neare the same, which cannot with that facilitie be done 
as from the Bay of Pearles, by insconsing foure dayes 
iourney to the Chawonoks, Mangoaks, and Moratocks, &c. 


The conspiracy of Pemissapan; the, Discouery 
of it; and our returne for England 
with Sir Francis Drake. 


Nsenore, a Saluage, father to Pemissapan, the best 
friend we had after the death of Granganimeo, 
(hg (C when I was in those Discoueries, could not 
osc prevaile any thing with the King from destroy- 
ing vs, that all this time God had preserued by his good 
counsell to the King to be friendly vnto vs. Pemissapan 
thinking as the bru[i]te was, in this last iourney we were 


315 
[1586] 


The great 
currant of 
the river 
Movratoc. 


316 
[1586] 


The Con- 
spiracy of 
Pemissapan. 


The death of 
a most rare 
Salvage. 


The Discovertes and Accidents Lr. 1. [Re 


slaine and starued, began to blaspheme our God that 
would suffer it, and not defend vs, so that old Ensenore 
had no more credit for vs: for he began by all the deuises 
he could to inuade vs. But in the beginning of this 
bru[ijte, when they saw vs all returne, the report false, [8] 
and had Manteo, and three Saluages more with vs, how 
little we esteemed all the people we met, and feared 
neither hunger, killing, or any thing, and had brought 
their greatest Kings sonne prisoner with vs to Roanock: 
it a little asswaged all his deuises, and brought Emsenore 
in respect againe, that our God was good, and wee their 
friends, and our foes should perish, for we could doe them 
more hurt being dead, then liuing, and that being an 
hundred myles from them, shot, and strucke them sicke 
to death, and that when we die it is but for a time 
then we returne againe. 

But that which wrought the most feare among them 
was the handy-worke of Almightie God. For certaine 
dayes after my returne, Menatonon sent messengers to me 
with Pearle, and Okisco King of Weopomeoke, to yeeld him- 
selfe seruant to the Queene of England. Ohkisco with 
twenty-foure of his principall men came to Pemissapan to 
acknowledge this dutie and subiection, and would performe 
it. All which so changed the heart of Pemissapan, that 
vpon the aduise of Ensenore, when we were ready to famish 
they came and made vs w[elires, and planted their fields 
they intended to abandon (we not hauing one corne till 
the next haruest to sustaine vs). 

This being done our old friend Ensenore dyed the 
twenty of Aprill [1586], then all our enemies wrought 
with Pemissapan to put in practise his deuises, which he 
easily imbraced, though they had planted corne by vs, and 
at Dasamonpeack two leagues from vs. Yet they got Okisco 
our tributary to get seuen or eight hundred (and the Man- 
doages with the Chisapeans should doe the like) to meete 
(as their custome is) to solemnize the Funerall of 
Ensenore. Halfe of whom should lye hid, to cut off the 
straglers, seeking crabs and prouision: the rest come 
out of the mayne vpon the Signall by fire. Twenty of 
the principall of Pemzssapans men had charge in the night 
to beset my house, put fire in the Reeds that couered it ; 


_ -Ea.byS-Smith) Tip 1. of Captaine Philip Amidas. 


which might cause me run out so naked and amazed, they 
might without danger knocke out my braines. The same 
order for Master Heriots, and the rest: for all should haue 
beene fired at an instant. In the meane time they should 
sell vs nothing, and in the night spoyle our w[eljires, to make 
necessitie disperse vs. For if we were but ten together, 
a hundred of them would not meddle with vs. 

So our famine increased, I was forced to send Captaine 
Stafford to Croatan, with twentie to feed himselfe, and see 
if he could espie any sayle passe the coast; Master 
Predeox with ten to Hatarask vpon the same occasion : and 
other small parties to the Mayne to liue vpon rootes and 
Oysters. 

Pemissapan sequestring himselfe [that] I should notimpor- 
tune him for victuall, and to draw his troupes, found not the 
Chawonests so forward as he expected, being a people more 
faithfull and powerfull, and desired our friendships, and was 
offended with him for raising such tales, and all his proiects 
were revealed to me by Skico my prisoner; who finding 
himselfe as well vsed by me as Pemissapan, tould me all. 

These troubles caused me send to Pemissapan, to put 
suspition in his head, I was to goe presently to Croatan 
to meete a Fleete [that] came to me, though I knew 
no such matter: and that he wouid lend me men to fish 
and hunt. He sent me word he would come himselfe to 
Roanock; but delaying time eight dayes that all his men 
were there to be assembled, not liking so much company, 
I resolued the next day to goe [and] visit him, but first to 
giue them in the Ile a Canvisado, and at an instant to seaze 
on all their Canows about the Ile. But the towne tooke 
the Alarum before I ment it. For when I sent to take the 
Canows, he met one going from the shore, ouerthrew her 
and cut off two Salvages heads; wherevpon the cry arose, 
being by their spyes perceiued: for they kept as good 
watch over vs, as we of them. Vpon this they to their 
Bowes, and we to our Armes: three or foure of them at 
the first were slaine, the rest fled into the woods. 

The next morning I went to Dassamonpeack, and sent 
Pemissapan word I was going to Croatan, and tooke him inmy 
way tocomplaine [that] Osocon would haue stole my prisoner 
Skico. Herevpon he did abide my comming, and being 


317 
[1586] 


A slaughte: 
of two 
Salvages. 


318 
[1586] 


Pemissapan 
slaine and 8. 
others 

(x June 
1586]. 


A most 
generous 
courtesie of 
Str Francis 
Drake. 


Virginia 
abandoned 
[x8 June 
1586). 


The Discoveries and Accidents La1s. 1. [PP Tage 
among eight of the principallest, I gaue the watchword to 
my men, and immediately they had that they purposed (9) 
for vs. Himselfe being shot through with a Pistoll fell 
downe as dead, but presently start vp and ran away from 
them all, till an Irish Boy shot him over the buttocks, 
where they tooke him and cut off his head. 

Seauen dayes after Captaine Stafforton sent to me he 
descryed twentie-three Sayle. The next day came to me 
himselfe (of whom I must say this, from the first to the 
last, he neither spared labour, or perill by land or sea, 
fayre weather or foule, to performe any serious seruice 
committed to him.) He brought me a letter from Sir 
Francis Drake, whose generous mind offered to supply all 
my defects, of shipping, boats, munition, victuall, clothes, 
and men to further this action: and vpon good consulta- 
tion an deliberation, he appointed me a ship of 7o. tuns, 
with an hundred men, and foure moneths victuals, two 
Pinnaces, foure small Boats, with two sufficient Masters, 
with sufficient Gangs. All this being made ready for me, 
suddenly arose such a storme for foure dayes, that had 
like to haue driuen the whole Fleete on shore: many of 
them were forced to the Sea, whereof my ship so lately 
giuen me was one, with all my prouision and Company 
appoynted. 

Notwithstanding, the storme ceasing, the Generall 
appointed me a ship of 170. tuns, with all prouisions as 
before, to carry me into England the next August, or when 
I had performed such Discoueries as I thought fit. Yet 
they durst not vndertake to bring her into the harbour, 
but she must ride in the road, leauing the care of the rest 
to my selfe, advising me to consider with my Company what 
was fittest, and with my best speed returne him answer. 

Herevpon calling my Company together, who were all 
as priuy of the Generals offer as my selfe; their whole 
request was, (in regard of all those former miseries, and 
no hope of the returne of Sir Richard Grenvill,) and with a 
generall consent, they desired me to vrge him, we might 
all goe with him for England in his Fleete; for whose 
reliefe in that storme he had sustained more perill of 


wrack, then in all his honorable actions against his 
enemies. 


_ Baby J Smithd Trp. 1. of Captaine Philip Amidas. 


So with prayses to God we set sayle in Iune 1586. and 
arriued in Portsmouth the 27. of Iuly the same yeare: 
Leaving this remembrance to posteritie. 


To reason lend me thine attentiue eares, Exempt thy selfe from 
mind-distracting cares : 

Least that’s here thus protected for thy good; By thee veiected 
be, eve understood. 


Written by Master Ra/ph Layne, Governour. 


& 


The Observations of Master Thomas Heriot 
im this Voyage. 
For Marchandize and Victualls. 


Z, Hat before is writ, is also confirmed by that 
|! learned Mathematician Master Thomas Heriot, 
@ A ZX with them in the Country, whose particular 
RZ Relation of all the Beasts, Birds, Fishes, 
Foules, Fruites, and Rootes, and how they may be vsefull ; 


HK 


because I haue writ it before for the most part in the: 


Discourse[s] of Captaine A midas, and Captaine Layne, except 
Silk grasse, Worme silke, Flax like Hempe, Allum, 
Wapeith or Terra sigillata, Tar, Rosen, and Turpentine, 
Civet-cats, Iron ore, Copper that held Silver, Coprose 
and Pearle: Let those briefes suffice, because I would 
not trouble you with one thing twice. 


Dyes. 


For Dyes, Showmack, the herbe Wasebur, little rootes 
called Chapacor, and the barke of a tree called by the 
Inhabitants Tangomockonominge, which are for divers sorts 
of Reds. 

What more then is related is an herbe in Dutch called 
Melden, described like an Orange, growing foure foote high; 


319 
[1586] 


Commodi- 
ties. 


Dyes. 


A strange 
Salt. 


320 


[1585-6] 


Rootes. 


Fruits thats 
strange. 


Beasts extra- 
ordinary. 


Fish, 


Foules. 


The Observations of Lis. 1. [Riehes 


the seede will make good broth, and the [10] stalke burnt 
to ashes makes a kinde of Salt: other Salt they know not, 
and we vsed of it for Pot-herbs. Of their Tobacco we 
found plenty, which they esteeme their chiefe Physicke. 

Ground nuts, Tiswaw we call China roots; they grow in 
clusters, and bring forth a bryer stalke, but the leafe is far 
vnlike, which will climbe vp to the top of the highest tree: 
the vse knowne is to cut it in small peeces, then stampe and 
straine it with water, and boyled makes a gelly good to 
eate. Cassavia growes in Marishes, which the Indians oft 
vse for bread and broth. Habascon is like a Parsnip, 
naught of it selfe, except compounded: and their Leekes 
like those in England. 

Sequenummener, a kinde of Berry like Capers, and three 
kinde of Berries like Acornes, called Sagatamenor, Osame- 
nor, and Pummuckoner. 

Saquenuckot and Maquowoc, two kinde of beasts, greater 
then Conies, and very good meate; in some places such 
plenty of gray Conies, like hayres, that all the people make 
them mantels of their skins. I haue the names of 28. 
severall sorts that are dispersed in the Country: of which 
12. kindes we haue discouered and good to eate; but the 
Salvages sometimes kill a Lyon and eate him. 

There is plentie of Sturgeon in February, March, Aprill, 
and May; all Herings in abundance; some such as ours, 
but the most part of 18. 20. or 24. ynches long, and more. 
Trouts, Porpisses, Rayes, Mullets, Old-wiues, Plaice, 
Tortoises both by Sea and Land: Crabs, Oysters, Mussels, 
Scalops, Periwinckles, Crevises, Secanank: we haue the 
Pictures of 12. sorts more, but their names we know not. 

Turkyes, Stockdoues, Partridges, Cranes, Hernes, Swans, 
Geese, Parrots, Faulcons, Merlins. I haue the names in 
their language of 86. severall sorts. 

Their woods are such as ours in England for the most part, 
except Rakeock, a great sweet tree, whereof they make their 
Canowes: and Ascopo, a kinde of tree like Lowrell, and 
Saxefras. 

Theiy Natures and Manners. 


Their Clothing, Townes, Houses, Warres, Arts, Tooles, 
handy crafts, and educations, are much like them in that 
part of Virginia we now [1607-1624] inhabite: which at 


pee | Lite. 1. \.AZaster Thomas Heriot. 321 


1022. 


large you may reade in the Description thereof [pp. 44-84, [1585-6] 
343-380]. But the relation of their Religion is strange, as 
this Author reporteth. 

Some Religion they haue, which although it be farre Ther 
from the truth, yet being as it is, there is hope it maybe 
the easier reformed. They beleeue there are many gods 
which they call Manioac, but of different sorts and degrees. 

Also that there is one chiefe God that hath beene from all 
eternitie, who as they say when he purposed first to make How the | 
the world, made first other gods of a principall order, to made. 
be as instruments to be vsed in the Creation and govern- 

ment to follow: And after the Sunne, Moone, and 
Starres, as pettie gods ; and the instruments of the other 

order more principall. First (they say) were made 
waters, out of which by the gods were made all diversitie 

of creatures that are visible or invisible. 

For mankinde they saya Woman was made first, which How man 
by the working of one of the gods conceiued and brought “*™** 
forth children; and so they had their beginning, but how 
many yeares or ages since they know not; having no 
Records but onely Tradition from Father to sonne. 

They thinke that all the gods are of humane shape, and How they 
therefore represent them by Images in the formes of men; gods. 
which they call Kewasowok: one alone is called Kewasa; 
them they place in their Temples, where they worship, 
pray, sing, and make many offerings. The common sort 
thinke them also gods. 

They beleeue the immortalitie of the Soule, when life Whether 
departing from the body, according to the good or bad after death 
workes it hath done, it is carried vp to the Tabernacles of 
the gods, to perpetuall happinesse, or to Popogusso, a great 
pit: which they thinke to be at the furthest parts of the 
world, where the Sunne sets, and there burne continually. 

To confirme this they told me of two men that had 
beene lately dead, and revived [11] againe; the one 
hapned but few yeares before our comming into the 
country; of a bad man, which being dead and buried, 
the next day the earth over him being seene to moue, was 
taken vp, who told them his soule was very neare entering 
into Popogusso, had not one of the gods saued him and Twomen 
gaue him leaue to returne againe, to teach his friends what death. 

ai 


322 


[1585-6] 


‘The subtiltie 
of their 
Priests. 


Their 
simplicitie. 


The Observations of Lin. (724 


they should doe to avoyd such torment. The other 


hapned the same yeare we were there, but sixtie myles 


from vs, which they told me for news, that one being dead, 
buried, and taken vp as the first, shewed, that although 
his body had layne dead in the graue, yet his soule liued, 
and had travailed far in a long broad way, on both sides 
whereof grew more sweet, fayre, and delicate trees and 
fruits, then ever he had seene before; at length he came 


to most braue and fayre houses, neare which he met his _ 


Father, that was dead long agoe, who gaue him charge to 
goe backe, to shew his friends what good there was to doe, 


to inioy the pleasures of that place; which when hee had © 


done hee should come againe. 

What subtiltie so ever be in the Weroances, and Priests ; 
this opinion worketh so much in the common sort, that 
they haue great respect to their Governours: and as great 
care to avoyde torment after death, and to enioy blisse. 
Yet they haue divers sorts of punishments according to 
the offence, according to the greatnesse of the fact. 
And this is the sum of their Religion, which I learned 
by having speciall familiaritie with their Priests, wherein 
they were not so sure grounded, nor gaue such credit, 
but through conversing with vs, they were brought into 
great doubts of their owne, and no small admiration of 
ours: of which many desired to learne more then we had 
meanes for want of vtterancein their Language to expresse. 

Most things they saw with vs as Mathematicall Instru- 
ments, Sea-Compasses; the vertue of the Loadstone, 
Perspectiue Glasses, burning Glasses: Clocks to goe of 
themselues ; Bookes, writing, Guns, and such like; so far 
exceeded their capacities, that they thought they were 
rather the workes of gods then men; or at least the gods 
had taught vs how to make them, which loued vs so much 
better then them ; and caused many of them [to] giue credit 
to what we spake concerning our God. In all places where I 
came, I did my bestto make hisimmortall glory knowne. And 
I told them, although the Bible I shewed them, contained 
all; yet of it selfe, it was not of any such vertue as I thought 
they did conceiue. Notwithstanding many would be glad 
to touch it, to kisse, and imbrace it, to hold it to their 
breasts and heads, and stroke all their body over with it. 


Ba: by J. Smith] Lis. 1. Master Thomas Heriot. 


323 


The King Wingina where we dwelt, would oft be with [1585-6] 
vs at Prayer. Twice he was exceeding sicke and like to Their desire 
dye. And doubting of any helpe from his Priests, thinking ° ‘vate 


he was in such danger for offending vs and our God, sent 
for some of vs to pray, and be a meanes to our God, he 
might liue with him after death. And so did many other 
in the like case. 

Oneother strange Accident (leauing others) will I mention 
before I end, which mooued the whole Country that either 
knew or heard of vs, to haue vs in wonderfull admiration. 


There was no Towne where they had practised any 4 


villany against vs (we leaving it vnpunished, because we 


sought by all possible meanes to winne them by gentlenes) 
but within a few dayes after our departure, they began to 
dye; in some Townes twenty, in some forty, in some 
sixty, and in one an hundred and twenty, which was very 
many in respect of their numbers. And this hapned in 
no place (we could learn) where we had bin, but where 
they had vsed some practise to betray vs. And this 
disease was so strange, they neither knew what it was, 
nor how to cure it; nor had they knowne the like time out 
of minde; a thing specially observed by vs, as also by 
themselues, in so much that some of them who were our 
friends, especially Wingina, had observed such effects in 
foure or fiue Townes, that they were perswaded it was the 
worke of God through our meanes: and that we by him 
might kill and slay whom we would, without weapons, 
and not come [12] nearethem. And therevpon, when they 
had any vnderstanding, that any of their enemies abused 
vs in our Iourneyes, they would intreat vs, we would be a 
meanes to our God, that they, as the others that had dealt 
ill with vs, might dye in like sort: although we shewed 
them their requests were vngodly; and that our Gop 
would not subiect himselfe to any such requests of men, 
but all things as he pleased came to passe: and that we to 
shew our selues his true servants, ought rather to pray for 
the contrary: yet because the effect fell out so suddenly 
after, according to their desires, they thought it came to 
passe by our meanes, and would come giue vs thankes in 
their manner, that though we satisfied them not in words, 
yet in deeds we had fulfilled their desires. 


onderfull 
ccident. 


324 The Observations of Master T. Heriot. Li. 1. eee 


This marueilous Accident in all the Country wrought so 
strange opinions of vs, that they could not tell whether to 
thinke vs gods or men. And the rather that all the space 
of their sicknesse, there was no man of ours knowne to die, 
or much sicke. They noted also we had no women, nor 
cared for any of theirs: some therefore thought we were 
not borne of women, and therefore not mortall, but that 
we were men of an old generation many yeares past, and 
risen againe from immortalitie. Some would Prophesie 
there were more of our generation yet to come, to kill 
theirs and take their places. Those that were to come 
after vs they imagined to be in the ayre, yet invisible and 
without bodies: and that they by our intreaties, for loue of 
vs, did make the people die as they did, by shooting 
invisible bullets into them. 

To confirme this, their Physicians to excuse their Ignor- 
ance in curing the disease, would make the simple people 
beleeue, that the strings of bloud they sucked out of the 
sicke bodies, were the strings wherein the invisible bullets 
were tyed, and cast. Some thought we shot them our 
selues from the place where we dwelt, and killed the people 
that had offended vs, as we listed, how farre distant soever. 
And others said it was the speciall worke of God for our 
sakes, as we had cause in some sort to thinke no lesse, 
whatsoever some doe, or may imagine to the contrary; 
especially some Astrologers by the eclipse of the Sunne we 
saw that yeare [1584] before our Voyage, and by a Comet 
which began to appeare but a few dayes before the sick- 
nesse began: but to exclude them from being the speciall 
causes of so speciali an Accident, there are farther reasons 
then I thinke fit to present or alledge. 

These their opinions I haue set downe, that you may 
see there is hope to imbrace the truth, and honor, obey, 
feare and loue vs, by good dealing and government : though 
some of our company towards the latter end, before we 
came away with Sir Francis Drake shewed themselues too 
furious, in slaying some of the people in some Townes, 
vpon causes that on our part might haue bin borne with 
more mildnesse ; notwithstanding they iustly had deserued 
it. The best neverthelesse in this, as in all actions besides, 
is to be indevoured and hoped; and of the worst that may 


Ba. by J. Smith) Lip. 1. 57x R. Grenvils second Voyage. 325 


happen, notice to be taken with consideration; and as [1585-6] 
much as may be eschewed ; the better to allure them here- 
after to Civilitie and Christianitie. 


Thus you may see, How 


Nature her selfe delights her selfe in sundry Instruments, Palling. 
That sundry things be done to decke the earth with Ornaments; 

Nor suffers she her servants all should runne one race, 

But wills the walke of every one frame in a divers pace ; 

That divers wayes and divers workes, the world might better grace. 


Written by Thomas Heriot, one of the Voyage. 


oa) 


How Sir Richard Grenvill went to reheue 
them. 


4 2" and his Associates prepared a ship of a hundred 
9 tun, fraughted plentifully of all things neces- 

<= sary: but before [18] they set sayle from 
England it was Easter [3 April}. And arriving at Hatorask, 
they after some time spent in seeking the Collony vp in the 
Country, and not finding them, returned with all the 
provision againe to England. 

About 14. or 15. dayes after, Sir Richard Grenvill ac- 
companied with three ships well appoynted, arrived there. 
Who not finding the aforesaid ship according to his 
expectation, nor hearing any newes of the Collony there 
seated, and left by him as is said 1585. travailing vp and 
downe to seeke them, but when he could heare no newes 
of them, and found their habitation abandoned, vnwilling 
to lose the possession of the Country, after good delibera- 
tion he landed fiftie men in the Ile of Roanoak, plentifully 
furnished with all manner of provision for two yeares: Sit Richard 


Grenvill left 
and so returned for England. fiftie men. 


326 


[1586-7] 


Master 
White his 
Voyages. 
1587. 


One of the 
Councell 
slaine. 


The Observations of Lin. 1. [,.7. 


Where many began strangely to discant of those crosse 
beginnings, and him; which caused me remember an old 
saying of Euripides. 


Who broacheth ought thats new, to fooles vntaught, 
Himselfe shall iudged be vnwise, and good for naught. 


fe 


xia, 


Three Ships more sent to releue them by 
Master White. 


RE went the old course by the west Indies, and 
Simon Ferdinando our continuall Pilot mistaking 
Virginia for Cape Fear, we fayled not much to 
2s) haue beene cast away, vpon the conceit of our 
all-knowing Ferdinando, had it not beene prevented by the 
vigilancy of Captaine Stafford. We came to Hatorask the 
22. of Iuly [1587], and with fortie of our best men, intending 
at Roanoack to find the 50 men left by Sir Richard Grenvill. 
But we found nothing but the bones of a man, and where the 
Plantation had beene, the houses vnhurt, but overgrowne 
with weeds, and the Fort defaced; which much perplexed vs. 

By the History it seemes Simon Ferdinando did what he 
could to bring this voyage to confusion; but yet they all 
arrived at Hatorask. ‘They repayred the old houses at 
Roano[a\ck, and Master George How, one of the Councell, 
stragling abroad, was slaine by the Salvages. Not long 
after Master Stafford with 20. men went to Croatan with 
Manteo, whose friends dwelled there : of whom we thought 
to haue some newes of our 50 men. They at first made 
shew to fight, but when they heard Manteo, they threw 


away their Armes, and were friends, and desired there 


might be a token giuen to be knowne by, least we might 
hurt them by misprision, as the yeare before one had bin 
by Master Layne, that was ever their friend, and there 
present yet lame. 


id a Bae Master Yohn VVhite. 


The next day we had conference with them concerning 
the people of Secotan, Aquascogoc, and Pomeiok, willing 
them of Croatan to see if they would accept our friendship, 
and renew our old acquaintance: which they willingly 
imbraced, and promised to bring their King and Gover- 
nours to Roanoak, to confirme it. We also vnderstood 
that Master Howe was slaine by the men of Wingina, of 
Dassamonpeack: and by them of Roanoack, that the fiftie 
men left by Sir Richard Grenvill, were suddainly set vpon 
by three hundred of Secotan, A quascogoc, and Dassamonpeack. 
First they intruded themselues among 11 of them by 
friendship, one they slew, the rest retyring to their houses, 
they set them on fire, that our men with what came next 
to hand were forced to make their passage among them; 


where one of them was shot in the mouth, and presently 


dyed, and a Salvage slaine by him. On both sides more 
were hurt; but our men retyring to the water side, got 
their boat, and ere they had rowed a quarter of a myle 
towards Hatorask, they tooke vp foure of their fellowes, 
gathering Crabs and Oysters: at last they landed on a 
little Ile by Hatovask, where they remained a while, but 
after departed they [14] knew not whether. So taking our 
leaues of the Croatans, we came to our Fleet at Hatorask. 

The Governour naving long expected the King and 
Governours of Pomeiok, Secotan, A quascogoc, and Dassamon- 
peack, and the 7. dayes expired, and no newes of them; 
being also informed by those of Croatan, that they of 
Dassamonpeack slew Master How, and were at the driving 
[of] our men from Roanoack he thought no longer to deferre 
the revenge. Wherefore about midnight, with Captaine 
Stafford, and twentie-foure men, whereof Manteo was one, 
for our guide, (that behaved himselfe towards vs as a most 
faithfull English man) he set forward. 

The next day by breake of day we landed, and got 
beyond their houses, where seeing them sit by the fire we 
assaulted them. The miserable soules amazed fled into 
the Reeds, where one was shot through, and we thought 
to haue beene fully revenged, but we were deceiued, for 
they were our friends come from Croatan to gather their 
corne, because they vnderstood our enemies were fled after 
the death of Master How, and left all behinde them for 


327 
[1587] 


How the 
fiftie men 
were slaine. 


An ill 
misprision 


328 The Observations of Lis. 1.7.3, 


[1587] the birds. But they had like to haue payd too deare for 
it, had we not chanced vpon a Weroances wife, with a 
childe at her backe, and a Salvage that knew Captaine 
Stafford, that ran to him calling him by his name. Being 
thus disappointed of our purpose, we gathered the fruit we 
found ripe, left the rest vnspoyled, and tooke Menatonon 
his wife with her childe, and the rest with vs to Roanoak. 
Though this mistake grieued Manteo, yet he imputed it to 
their own folly, because they had not kept promise to come 
to the governor at the day appointed. 

The 13. of August our Salvage Manieo was Christened, and 
called Lord of Dassamonpeack, in reward of his faithfulnesse. 
acild And the 18th, Ellinor the Governours daughter, and wife to 

Vininee. Ananias Dare,was delivered of adaughter in Roanoak ; which 
being the first Christian there borne, was called Virginia. 

Our ships being ready to depart, such a storme arose, 
as the Admirall was forced to cut her Cables: and it was 
six dayes ere she could recover the shore, that made vs 
doubt she had beene lost, because the most of her best 
men were on shore. 

A contro- Atthistime Controversies did grow betwixt our Governour 


versie who 


tosendfor and the Assistants, about choosing one of them 12. to goe 

Eavang, 28 Factor for them all to England; for all refused save one, 
whom all men thought most insufficient: the Conclusion 
was by a generall consent, they would haue the Governour 
goe himselfe, for that-they thought none would so truly 
procure thejijre supplyes as he. Which though he did 
what he could to excuse it, yet their importunitie would 
not cease till he vndertooke it, and had it vnder all their 
hands how vnwilling he was, but that necessity and reason 
did doubly constraine him. 

At their setting sayle for England, waighing Anchor, 
twelue of the men in the flyboat were throwne from the 
Capstern, by the breaking of a barre, and most of them so 
hurt, that some never recovered it. The second time they 
had the like fortune, being but 15. they cut the Cable and 
kept company with their Admirall to Flowres and Coruos; the 
Admirall stayed there looking for purchase: but the flyboats 
men grewso weake they were driuen to Smerwick in the West 
of Iveland. The Governour went for England; and Simon 
Ferdinando with muchadoeat last arrived at Portsmouth. 1587. 


pte Lie, 1. Master Yohn VVhite. 329 


The Names of those [who] were landed [1587-91 

in this Plantation were, 

Tohn White Governour. Iohn Samson. 

Roger Bayley. Thomas Smith. 

Ananas Dare. Dioms Haruie. 

Simon Ferdinando. Roger Prat. 

Christopher Couper. George How. 

Thomas Stevens. Antony Cage. 


With divers others to the number of about 115. (18) 


& 


The fift Voyage to Virginia; undertaken by 
Master lohn VVhite. 1589. 


We He 20. of March three ships went from Plimouth, 1589. 
and passed betwixt Barbary and Mogadoro to Whitebis 
xe Dominico in the West Indies. After we had tinie 
done some exployts in those parts, the third of 
August [1587] wee fell with the low sandy Iles westward 
of Wokokon. But by reason of ill weather it was the 11, 
ere we could Anchor there; and on the 12. we came to 
Croatan, where is a great breach in 35 degrees and ahalfe, 
in the Northeast poynt of the Ile. The 15. we came to 
Hatorask in 36. degrees and a terse, at 4. fadom, 3. leagues 
from shore: where we might perceiue a smoake at the 
place where I left the Colony, 1587. 

The next morning Captaine Cooke, Captaine Sficer, and 
their companies, with two boats left our ships, and [we] 
discharged some Ordnance to giue them notice of our 
comming, but when we came there, we found no man, nor 
signe of any that had beene there lately : and so returned 
to our Boats. 

The next morning we prepared againe for Roanoack. 


330 
[1589) 


Captaine 
Spicer and 
seauen 
others 
drowned, 


1 
The Observations of Lr 1. 2 ee 


Captaine Spicer had then sent his Boat ashore for water, 
so it was ten of the Clocke ere we put from the ships, which 
rodetwo myles from the shore. The Admirals boat, being 
a myle before the other, as she passed the bar, a sea broke 
into the boat and filled her halfe full of water: but by 
Gods good will, and the carefull stearage of Captaine Cook, 
though our provisions were much wet we safe escaped, the 
wind blew hard at Northeast, which caused so great a 
current and a breach vpon the barre; Captaine Spicer 
passed halfe over, but by the indiscreet steering of Ralph 
Skinner, their boat was overset, the men that could catch 
hold hung about her, the next sea cast her on ground, 
where some let goe their hold to wade to shore, but the 
sea beat them downe. The boat thus tossed vp and downe 
Captaine Spicer and Skinner hung there till they were 
drowne; but 4. that could swim a little, kept themselues 
in deeper water, were saued by the meanes of Captaine 
Cook, that presently vpon the oversetting of their boat, 
shipped himselfe to saue what he could. Thus of eleuen, 
seuen of the chiefest were drowned. 

This so discomfited all the Saylers, we had much to do to 
get them any more to seeke further forthe Planters, but by 
their Captaines forwardnes at last they fitted themselues 
againe for Hatorask in 2 boats, with 19 persons. It was late 
ere we arrived, but seeing a fire through the woods, we 
sounded a Trumpet, but no answer could we heare. The 
next morning we went to it, but could see nothing but the 
grasse, and some rotten trees burning. We went vp and 
downe the Ile, and at last found three faire Romane 
Letters carved. C.R.O. which presently we knew to 
signifie the place where I should find them, according to 
a secret note betweene them and me: which was to write 
the name of the place they would be in, vpon some tree, 
dore, or post: and if they had beene in any distresse, to 
signifie it by making a crosse over it. For at my depar- 
ture they intended to goe fiftie myles into the mayne. 
But we found no signe of distresse; then we went to a 
place where they were left in sundry houses, but we found 
them all taken downe, and the place strongly inclosed 
with a high Palizado, very Fortlike; and in one of the 
chiefe Posts carued in fayre capitall Letters CROATAN, 


it 


_ BabyJ. oad Oo Master Yohn VVhite. aor 


without any signe of distresse, and many barres of Iron, [1589] 
two pigs of Lead, foure Fowlers, Iron shot, and such like 
heauie things throwne here and there, overgrowne with 
grasse and weeds. We went by the shore to seeke for 
their boats but could find none, nor any of the Ordnance ‘they finde 
I left them. At last some of the Sailers found divers Where they 
Chists had beene hidden and digged vp againe, and much ther 
of the goods spoyled, and scattered vp and downe, which ”°”"°* 
when I saw, I knew three of them to be my owne; but 
bookes, pictures, and all things els were spoyled. ‘Though 
it much grieued me, yet it did much comfort me that I 
did know they were at Croatan; so we returned to our 
Ships, but had like to haue bin cast away by a great 
storme that continued all that night. (16) 

The next morning we weighed Anchor for Croatan: 
having the Anchor a-pike, the Cable broke, by the meanes 
whereof we lost another: letting fall the third, the ship 
yet went so fast a drift, we sayled not much there to haue 
split. But God bringing vs into deeper water; considering 
we had but one Anchor, and our provision neare spent, 
we resolued to goe forthwith to S. Johns Ile, Hispaniola, 
or Trinidado, to refresh our selues and seeke for purchase 
that Winter, and the next Spring come againe to seeke 
our Country-men. But our Vice Admirall would not, but 
went directly for England, and we our course for Trinidado. 

But within two dayes after, the wind changing, we were 
constrained for the Westerne Iles to refresh our selues, 
where we met with many of the Queenes ships, our owne 
consort, and divers others, the 23. of September 1590. 

And thus we left seeking our Colony, that, was neuer any 
of them found, nor seene to this day 1622. [This fixes 
the date of the compilation by Smith of this part of the 
General History &c.} And this was the conclusion of The end 
this Plantation, after so much time, labour, and charge Plantation. 
consumed. Whereby we see; 


Not all at once, nor all alike, nor ever hath tt beence, 
That God doth offer and confer his blessings vpon mezt. 


Written by Master Lohn White. 


1602. 


[1602] 


12. yeares it 
lay dead. 


A briefe Relation of the Description of | 


Elizabeths Vie, and some others towards the 
North part of Virgiia ; and what els they 
discovered in the yeare 1602. by Captaine 
Bartholomew Gosnoll, and Captaine 
Bartholomew Gilbert; and divers 


other Gentlemen their Associates. 


LL hopes of Virginia thus abandoned, it 
lay dead and obscured from 1590. till this 
yeare 1602. that Captaine Gosnoll, with 
32. and himselfe in a small Barke, set 

' sayle from Dartmouth vpon the 26, of 

March. Though the wind favoured vs 

not at the first, but forced vs as far 

. Southward as the Asores, which was 
not much out of our way; we ran directly west from 
thence, whereby we made our iourney shorter then here- 
tofore by 500. leagues: the weaknesse of our ship, the 
badnes of our saylers; and our ignorance of the coast, 
caused vs carry but a low sayle, that made our passage 
longer then we expected. 

On fryday the 11. of May[1602]we made land, it was some- 
what low, where appeared certaine hummocks or hills in 
it: the shore white sand, but very rockie, yet overgrowne 
with fayre trees. Comming to an Anchor, 8 Indians in a 
Baske shallop, with mast and sayle came boldly aboord 
vs. It seemed by their signes and such things as they 
had, some Biskiners had fished there: being about the 
latitude of 43. But the harbour being naught, and 


Vouree | Lis. 1. Zhe Discoveries of Capt. B. Gosnoll. 333 


doubting the weather, we went not ashore, but waighed, 
and stood to the Southward into the Sea. 

The next morning we found our selues imbayed with 
a mightie headland: within a league of the shore we 
anchored, and Captaine Gosnoll, my selfe, and three others 
went to it in our boat, being a white sand and a bold coast. 
Though the weather was hot, we marched to the highest 
hils we could see, where we perceiued this headland [to be] 
part of the mayn, neare invironed with Ilands. As we were 
returning to our ship, a good proper, lusty young man 
came to vs, with whom we had but small conference, and 
so we left him. Here in 5. or 6. houres we tooke more 
Cod then we knew what to doe with, which made vs 
perswade our selues, there might be found a good fishing 
in March, Aprill, and May. (17) 

At length we came among these fayre Iles, some a 
league, 2. 3. 5. or 6. from the Mayne, by one of them we 
anchored. We found it foure myles in compasse, without 
house or inhabitant. In it isa lake neare a myle in cir- 
cuit; the rest overgrowne with trees, which so well as 
the bushes, were so overgrowne with Vines, we could 
scarce passe them. And by the blossomes we might per- 
ceiue there would be plenty of Strawberries, Respises, 
Gousberries, and divers other fruits: besides, Deere and 
other Beasts we saw, and Cranes, Hernes, with divers other 
sorts of fowle; which made vs call it Martha’s Vineyard. 

The rest of the Isles are replenished with such like; 
very rocky, and much tinctured stone like Minerall. 
Though we met many Indians, yet we could: not see their 
habitations: they gaue vs fish, Tobacco, and such things 
as they had. 

But the next Isle we arrived at was but two leagues 
from the Maine, and 16. myle about, invironed so with 
creekes and coves, it seemed like many Isles linked 
together by small passages like bridges. In it is many 
places of plaine grasse, and such other fruits, and berries 
as before were mentioned. In mid-May we did sow 
Wheat, Barley, Oates, and Pease, which in 14. dayes 
sprung vp g. inches. The soyle is fat and lusty: the 
crust therof gray, a foot or lesse in depth. It is full of 
high timbred Okes, their leaues thrise so broad as ours: 


[1602] 


Their first 
landing. 


Martha's 
Vineyard. 


Elizabeths 
Island. 


334 
[1602] 


A Copper 
Mine. 


. . ° « Bri . 5 
The Discoveries and Observations Lrs. 1.[ "oun 


Cedar straight and tall, Beech, Holly, Walnut, Hazell, 
Cherry trees like ours, but the stalke beareth the blossom 
or fruit thereof like a cluster of Grapes, forty or fiftie in a 
bunch. There is a tree of Orange colour, whose barke in 
the filing is as smooth as Velvet. There is a lake of fresh 
water three myles in compasse, [having] in the midst an 
Isle containing an acre or thereabout, overgrowne with 
wood: here are many Tortoises, and abundance of all 
sorts of foules, whose young ones we tooke and eate at 
our pleasure. Grounds nuts as big as egges, as good as 
Potatoes, and 40. on a string, not two ynches vnder ground. 
All sorts of shell-fish, as Schalops, Mussels, Cockles, Crabs, 
Lobsters, Welks, Oysters, exceeding good and very great ; 
but not to cloy you with particulars, what God and nature 
hath bestowed on those places, I refer you to the Authors 
owne writing at large. 

We called this Isle Elizabeths Isle, from whence we 
went right over to the mayne, where we stood a while as 
ravished at the beautie and dilicacy of the sweetnesse, 
besides divers cleare lakes, whereof we saw no end, and 
meadows very large and full of greene grasse, &c. 

Here we espyed 7. Salvages, at first they expressed 
some feare, but by our courteous vsage of them, they fol- 
lowed. vs to the necke of Land, which we thought had 
beene severed from the Mayne, but we found it otherwise. 
Here we imagined was a river, but because the day was 
farre spent, we left to discover it till better leasure. But 
of good Harbours, there is no doubt, considering the Land 
is all rocky and broken lands. 

The next day we determined to fortifie our selues in the 
Isle in the lake. Three weekes we spent in building vs 
therea house. But the second day after our comming from 
the Mayne, rr. Canows with neare 50. Salvages came 
towards vs. Being vnwilling they should see our building, 
we went to [them], and exchanged with them Kniues, 


_ Hatchets, Beades, Bels, and such trifles, for some Bevers, 


Lyzards, Martins, Foxes, wilde Catte skinnes, and such 
like. We saw them haue much red Copper, whereof they 
make chaines, collars, and drinking cups, which they so 
little esteemed they would giue vs for small toyes, and 
signified vnto vs they had it out of the earth in the Mayne. 


_ Ed-by J Smith Trp. 1. of Captaine Bartholomew Gosnoll. 335 


Three dayes they stayed with vs, but every night retyred 
two or three myle from vs: after with many signes of 
loue and friendship they departed, seaven of them staying 
behind, that did helpe vs to dig and carry Saxafras, and 
doe any thing they could ; being of a comely proportion and 
the best condition of any Salvages we had yet incountred. 
They haue no Beards but counterfeits, as they did thinke 
ours also was: for which they would haue changed with 
some of our men that had great beards. Some of the 
baser sort would steale; but the better sort, we found very 
civill and iust. We saw but three of their women, and 
they were but of meane stature, attyred in skins like the 
men, [18] but fat and well favoured. 

The wholesomenesseand temperature ofthis climate, doth 
not onely argue the people to be answerable to this Descrip- 
tion, but also of a perfect constitution of body, actiue, 
strong, healthfull, and very witty, as the sundry toyes by 
them so cunningly wrought may well testifie. Forourselues, 
we found our selues rather increase in health and strength 
then otherwise: for all our toyle, bad dyet and lodging; 
yet not one of vs was touched with any sicknesse. 

Twelue intended here a while to haue stayed, but vpon 
better consideration, how meanely we were provided, we 
left this Island (with as many true sorrowfull eyes as were 
before desirous to see it) the 18. of Iune, and arrived at 
Exmouth, the 23 of Iuly [1602]. 


But yet mans minde doth such tt selfe explay, 

As Gods great Will doth frame tt every way. 
And, Such thoughts men haue, on earth that doe but liue, 

As men may craue, but God doth onely giue. 


Written by John Brierton one of the Voyage. 


[1602] 


Their 
return. 


336 The Discoveries of Capt. Martin Pring. Lie. 1. [* Ses \ 


1603. 


[1603] 


A Voyage of Captaine Martin Pring, with two 
Barks from Bristow, for the North part 
of Virginia. 1603. 


» Y the inducements and perswasions of Master 
Richard Hackluite, Master Iohn Whitson being 
Maior, with his brethren the Aldermen, and 
most of the Merchants of the Citie of Bristow, 
raised a ook of roool. to furnish out two Barkes, 
the one of 50. tuns, with 30. men and boyes, the other 
26. tuns, with 13. men and boyes, having Martin Pring 
an vnderstanding Gentleman, and a sufficient Mariner 

for Captaine, and Robert Salterne his Assistant, who 

had bin with Captaine Gosnoll there the yeare before 
for Pilot. 

Though they were much crossed by contrary windes 
vpon the coast of England, and the death of that ever 
most memorable miracle of the world, our most deare 
soveraigne Lady and Queene Elizabeth; yet at last 
they passed by the westerne Isles, and about the 7. of 
Iune [1603], fell vpon the north part of Virginia, about the 
degrees of fortie three. Where they found plentie of 
most sorts of fish, and saw a high country full of great 
woods of sundry sorts. As they ranged the coast at 
a place they named Whitson Bay, they were kindly vsed 
by the Natiues, that came to them, in troupes, of tens, 
twenties, and thirties, and sometimes more. 

But because in this Voyage for most part they followed 
the course of Captaine Gosnoll, and haue made no re- 
lation but to the same effect he writ before, we will thus 
conclude ; 


Lay hands unto this worke with all thy wit, 
But pray that God would speed and perfit it. 


Robert Salterne. 


_ (Na byiyios, | Li.t. Zhe Discoveries of Capt.G.Waymouth. 337 


July 1624. 


A relation of a Discovery towards the Northward 160s. 


of Virginia, by Captazne George Waymouth 1605. 
wmployed thether by the right Honorable Thomas 
Arundell, Baron of Warder, zn the Raigne of 
our most royall King 1AMES. 


3 Pon tuesday the fift of March we set sayle from 
CARY: i Ratcliffe, but by contrary winds we were forced 
ZTAY sS into Dartmouth till the last of this moneth, 
KO then with 29. as good sea men, and all neces- 
sary provisions as could possibly be gotten, we put [19] 
to sea; and the 24 of Aprill fell with Flowres and Coruos. 

We intended as we were directed towards the South- 
ward of 39. But the winds so crossed vs wee fell more 
Northwards about 41. and 20. minuits, we sounded at 
too. fathom, and by that we had run 6 leagues we had 
but 5. yet saw no land; from the mayne top we descryed 
a whitish sandy clift, West North-west some 6. leagues 
from vs, but ere we had run two leagues further we found 
many shoules and breaches, sometimes in 4. fadom and 
the next throw 15. or 18. Being thus imbayed among 
those shoules, we were constrained to put back againe, 
which we did with no small danger, though both the 
winde and weather were as fayre as we could desire. 

Thus we parted from the Land, which we had not before 
so much desired, and at the first sight reioyced, as now 
we all ioyfully praysed God that he had delivered vs from 
so eminent danger. Here we found excellent Cod, and 
saw many Whales as we had done 2. or 3. daies before. 

Being thus constrained to put to sea, the want of wood 
and water caused vs to take the best advantage of the 
winde, to fall with the shore wheresoever: but we found 
our Sea-cards most directly false. The 17. of May we 
made the Land againe, but it blew so hard, we durst not 
approach it. The next day (18 May 1605] it appeared to 
vs a mayne high land, but we found it an Island of 6. myles 
in compasse: within a league of it we came to an anchor, 
and went on shore for wood and water, of which we found 
22 


[1605] 


Dangerous 
shoules. 


Cod and 
Whales. 


338 


[1605] 
Their first 
landing. 


Pentecost 
harbour. 


The 
Captains 
diligence. 


The Discoveries and Observations Lip. 1. [¥ ®gse 


sufficient. The water gushing forth downe the rocky clifts — 
in many places, which are all overgrown with Firre, Birch, 
Beech, and Oke, as the Verge is with Gousberries, 
Strawberries, wild Pease, and Rose bushes, and much 
foule of divers sorts that breed among the rockes: here 
as in all places els where we came, we found Cod enough. 

From hence we might discerne the mayne land and very — 
high mountaines, the next day because we rode too open to 
the Sea, we waighed, and came to the Isles adioyning to 
the mayn: among which we found an excellent rode, de- 
fended from all windes, for ships of any burthen, in 6.7. 8. 9. 
or 10. fadom vpon aclay oze. This was vpon a Whitsonday 
[19 May 1605], wherefore we called it Pentecost Harbour. 

Here I cannot omit for foolish feare of imputation 
of flattery, the painfull industry of our Captaine, who 
as at Sea he was alwayes most carefull and vigilant, 
so at land he refused no paines: but his labour was ever 
as much or rather more then any mans; which not onely 
incouraged others with better content, but also effected 
much with great expedition. We digged a Garden 
the 22. of May, where among our garden-seeds we sowed 
Pease and Barley, which in 16. dayes grew vp 8. ynches, 
although this was but the crust of the ground, and much 
inferiour to the mould we after found in the mayne. 

After we had taken order for all our necessary businesses, 
we marched through two of these Isles. The biggest was 
4. or 5. myles in compasse; we found here all sorts of 
ordinary trees, besides, Vines, Currants, Spruce, Yew, 
Angelica, and divers gummes: in so much many of our 
company wished themselues setled here. 

Vpon the 30. our Captaine with 13. went to discover the 
mayne : we in the ship espyed 3. Canowes that came towards 
the ship. Which after they had well viewed, one of them 
came aboord with 3. men, and by our good vsage of them 
not long after the rest, two dayes we had their companies, 
in all respects they are but like them at Elizabeths Isles, 
therefore this may suffice for their description. In this time 
our Captain had discovered a fayre river, trending into the 
mayne 40. myles, and returned backe to bring in the ship. 

The Salvages also kept their words and brought vs 40. 
Bever, Otter, and sable skins, for the value of 5. shillings in 


Eby Ti omen | Lis. 1. of Captaine George Waymouth. 


kniues, glasses, combes, and such toyes, and thus we vsed 
them so kindly as we could, because we intended to inhabit in 
their Country: they lying aboord with vs and we ashore with 
them ; but it was but as changing man for man as hostages, 
and in this manner many times we had their companies. 

At last they desired our Captaine to goe with them to 
the mayne to trade with their Bashabes, which is their 
chiefe Lord, which we did, our boat well manned with 
[20] 14. yet would they row faster with 3. Ores in their 
Canowes then we with 8. but when we saw our old acquaint- 
ance would not stay aboord vs as before for hostage, but did 
what they could to draw vs into a narrow cirke [creek], we 
exchanged one Owen Griffin with them for a yong fellow of 
theirs, that he might see if he could discover any trechery : 
as he did, for he found there assembled 283. Salvages with 
bowes and arrows, but not any thing at allto trade as they 
pretended. 

These things considered, we conceited them to be 


but as all Salvages ever had beene, kinde till they found. 


opportunitie to do mischiefe. Wherefore we determined 
to take some of them, before they should suspect we 
had discovered their plot, lest they should absent them- 
selues from vs: so the first that ever after came into the ship 
were three which we kept, and two we tooke on shore with 
much adoe, with two Canowes, their bowes and arrowes. 

Some time we spent in sounding all the Isles, channels, 
and inlets thereabouts ; and we found 4. severall waies a 
ship might be brought into this Bay. 

In the interim there came 2. Canowes more boldly aboord 
vs, signifying we should bring our ship to the place where 
he dwelt to trade. We excused our selues why we could not, 
but used them kindly, yet got them away with all the speed 
we could that they should not be perceiued by them in the 
houle [hold] ; then we went vp the river 26. myles: of which 
I had rather not write, then by my relation detract from 
it, it is in breadth a myle, neare 40. myles; and a chan- 
nell of 6. 7. 8.9. or 10. fadom, and on both sides every 
halfe myle gallant Coues, to containe in many of them 
roo sayle, where they may lye on Oze without Cable or 
Anchor, onely mored with a Hanser, and it floweth 18. 
foot, that you may make, docke, or carine ships with much 


339 
[1605] 


Trade 
ith the 


Ww) 
Salvages. 


Their 
trechery. 


Fiue 
Salvages 
surprised, 


A descrip- 
tion of the 
river. 


340 The Discoveries of Capt. G. Waymouth. Lis. 1. [ *s6 


[1605] 


facilitie: besides the land is most rich, trending all along 
on both sides in an equall plaine, neither rocky nor moun- 
tainous, but verged with a greene border of grasse, doth 
make tender to the beholder her pleasant fertilitie, if by 
cleansing away the woods she were converted into meadow. 
The woods are great, and tall, such as are spoken of in 
the Islands, and well watered with many fresh springs. 
Our men that had seene Ovanoque so famous in the worlds 
eares, Reogrande, Loyer, and Slion, report, though they be 
great and goodly rivers, yet are not comparable to it. 

Leaving our ship we went higher, till we were 7. myles 
higher than the salt water flowed; we marched towards 
the mountains we. had seene, but the weather was so hot, 
and our labour so great, as our Captaine was contented to 
returne: after we had erected a crosse we left this faire 
land and river, in which the higher we went the better 
we liked it, and returned to our ship. 

By the way we met a Canow that much desired one of our 
men to go vp to their Basshabes, but we knew their intents, 
and so turned them off; and though we had both time and 
provision to haue discovered much more, and might haue 
found peradventure good trade, yet because our company 
was but small, we would not hazzard so hopefull a businesse 
as this was, either for our private, or particular ends, being 
more regardfull of a publicke good, and promulgating 
Gods holy Church by planting Christianity, which was 
the intent of our adventurers so well as ours. 

Returning by the Isles in the entry of the Sound we called 
them St. Georges Isles ; and because on sunday we set out of 
England, on sunday also the 16. of lune we departed hence. 
When we had run 30. leagues we had 4o. fadom, then 70. 
then roo. After 2. or 3. watches more we were in 24. 
fadoms, where we tooke so much Cod as we did know what 
to doe with, and the 18. of Iuly [1605] came to Dartmouth, 
and all our men as well God be thanked as when they 
went forth. Thus may you see; 


God hath not all his gifts bestowed on all or any one, 
Words sweetest, and wits sharpest, courage, strength of bone ; 
All rarities of minde and parts doe all concurre in none. 


Written by James Rosier, one of the Voyage. [21] 


341 


The Generall Historie of Virginia, New England, & the Summer Isles. 
THE SECOND BOOK. 
1624. 


A reprint, with variations, of the First 
Part of The Map of Virginia, 
LOH. 


Fi aS alt Dae Te ti ee! APTS 


Pa : 
ae kobier: seeds Sade ae é 
| ane ad na i 
ans 4 StS nyetteey z 
SG ne 
+ Pol Phe :s 7 aif P48 ee ; b A ae “oe Fe " 
: ar ~~ rh a Six oe eee “=: oon ) 
' at Pes . b Say Reon ion sak: Meg tig nce 


! rhe Ppt rs “e > Polke sve eee ih 
i Sh ei A ee ste HD 1 aes: | 
ai tz, eee iat Rit ee tity itt eR 
eich pineal aor ator eats 
peep Seat i 3 ke Rely 3 can wea “= 
a oT eek Se es of USD 


ss raat aa % 8S, ie : 
esl _thitrigil te ae ci 


pega : 
hae mth 
; 
5 : 
> 
i 
SS 
°) ' 
“Se, 
Se 
‘ A 
4 , 
as \ 


The second Booke. 


THE SIXT VOYAGE. 1606. sae. 


To another part of Virginia, where now are 
Planted our English Colonies, Whom God 
increase and preserue : Discovered and 
Described by Captain loun Smiru, 
sometimes Governour of the 
Countrey. 


SFX{Y these former relations you may see [1606-7 
\ what inconveniences still crossed those 
3/J good intents, and how great a matter 
it was all this time to finde but a Har- 
bour, although there be so many. But 
this Virginia is a Country in America &.47) 
betweene the degrees of 34. and 45. of 
AS —\ the North latitude. The bounds there- The x 

of on the East side are the great Ocean: on the South ~~” 
lyeth Florida: on the North nova Francia: as for the 
West thereof, the limits are vnknowne. Of all this 
Country we purpose not to speake, but onely of that part 
which was planted by the Exglish men in the yeare of 
our Lord, 1606[-7]. And this 1s under the degrees 37. 38. and 

The temperature of this Country doth agree well 
with English constitutions, being once seasoned to the 
Country. Which appeared by this, that though by many 
occasions our people fell sicke; yet did they recover by 
very small meanes, and continued in health, though there 
were other great causes, not onely to haue made them 
sicke, but even to end their dayes, &¢, 


344 
[1607-9] 


The 
temperature. 


& 482 


The windes. 


The 
entrances. 


Cape Henry. 


Cape 
Charles. 


The 
Country. 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lr. 2. [3.7 
The Sommer is hot as in Spaine; the Winter cold as in 
France or England. The heat of sommer is in Iune, luly, 
and August, but commonly the coole Breeses asswage the 
vehemency of the heat. The chiefe of winter is halfe 
December, Ianuary, February, and halfe March. The 
colde is extreame sharpe, but here the Proverbe is true, 
that no extreame long continueth. 

In the yeare 1607[-8]. was an extraordinary frost in 
most of Europe, and this frost was found as extreame in 
Virginia. But the next yeare for 8. or ro. dayes of ill 
weather, other 14. dayes would be as Sommer. 

The windes here are variable, but the like thunder and 
lightning to purifie the ayre, I haue seldome either seene 
or heard in Europe. From the Southwest came the 
greatest gusts with thunder and heat. The Northwest 
winde is commonly coole and bringeth faire weather with 
it. From the North is the greatest cold, and from the 
East and Southeast as from the Barmudas, fogs and raines. 

Some times there are great droughts, other times much 
raine, yet great necessitie oi neither, by reason we see 
not but that all the raritie of needfull fruits in Europe, 
may be there in great plentie, by the industry of men, as 
appeareth by those we there Planted. 

There is but one entrance by Sea into this Country, 
and that is at the mouth of a very goodly Bay, 18. or 20. 
myles broad. The cape on the South is called Cape 
Henry, in honour of our most noble Prince. The land 
white hilly sands like vnto the Downes, and all along 
the shores great plentie of Pines and Firres. 

The north Cape is calied Cape Charles, in honour of the 
worthy Duke of Yorke. The Isles before it, Smith’s Isles, 
by the name of the discoverfer]. 

Within is a country that [22] may haue the prerogatiue 
over the most pleasant places knowne, for large and pleasant 
navigable Rivers, heaven and earth never agreed better to 
frame a place for mans habitation; were it fully manured 
and inhabited by industrious people. Here are mountaines, 
hils, plaines, valleyes, rivers, and brookes, all running most 
pleasantly into a faire Bay, compassed but for the mouth, 
with fruitfull and delightsome land. Inthe Bay and rivers 
are many Isles both great and small, some woody, some 


wdierey | LIB. 2. Captazme Iohn Smith zx Virginia. 345 


plaine, most of them low and not inhabited. This Bay [1607-9] 
lyeth North and South, in which the water floweth neare 

200. myles, and hath a channell for 140 myles, of depth 
betwixt 6 and 15 fadome, holding in breadth for the most 

part ro or 14 myles. From the head of the Bay to the 
Northwest, the land is mounta[i]nous, and so ina manner [é.49. 
from thence by a Southwest line; So that the more South- 
ward, the farther off from the Bay are those mountaines. 
From which fall certaine brookes which after come to fiue 
principall navigable rivers. These run from the Northwest 

into the South east, and so into the West side of the Bay, 
where the fall [outfall] of every River is within 20 or 15 
myles one of another. 

The mountaines are of divers natures: for at the head The 
of the Bay the rockes are of a composition like Mill 
stones. Some of Marble, &c. And many peeces like 
Christall we found, as throwne downe by water from 
those mountaines. For in Winter they are covered with 
much snow, and when it dissolveth the waters fall with 
such violence, that it causeth great inundations in some 
narrow valleyes, which is scarce perceived being once in 
the rivers. These waters wash from the rocks such glis- 
tering tinctures, that the ground in some places seemeth 
as guilded, where both the rocks and the earth are so 
splendent to behold, that betier tudgements then ours might 
haue beene perswaded, they contained more then probabilities. 

The vesture of the earth in most places doth manifestly 
proue the nature of the soyle to be lusty and very rich. 
The colour of the earth we found in diverse places, re- 
sembleth bole Armoniac, terra sigillata, and Lemnia, Fullers The syle. 
earth, Marle, and divers other such appearances. But 
generally for the most part it is a blacke sandy mould, 
in some places a fat slimy clay, in other places a very 
barren gravell. But the best ground is knowne by the 
vesture it beareth, as by the greatnesse of trees, or 
abundance of weeds, &c. 

The Country is not mountali]nous, nor yet low, but such The 

. . : : valleyes. 

pleasant plaine hils, and fertile valleyes, one prettily cross- 
ing another, and watered so conveniently with fresh 
brookes and springs, no lesse commodious, then delight- 
some. By the rivers are many plaine marishes, contain- 


346 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Ltn. 2. [diets 


[1607-9] ing some 20. some 100. some 200 Acres, some more, some 


Plaines. 


The 
branches. 


lesse. Other plaines there are few, but onely where the 
Salvages inhabit: but all [is] overgrowne with trees and 
weeds, being a plaine wildernesse as God first made it. 

On the west side of the Bay, we sayd were 5. faire and 
delightfull navigable rivers. 

The first of those, and the next to the mouth of the Bay 
hath his course from the West Northwest. It is called 
Powhatan, according to the name of a principall country 
that lyeth vpon it. The mouth of this river is neare three 
myles in breadth, yet doe the shoules force the Channell so neare 
the land, that a Sacre will overshoot it at point blanke {t.e., 
less than 520 paces, see p. 801]. It ts navigable 150 myles, 
the shouldes and soundings are here needlesse to be expressed. 
It falleth from Rockes farre west in a Country inhabited 
by a nation they call Monacans. But where it commeth 
into our discovery it is Powhatan. In the farthest place 
that was diligently observed, are falles, rockes, shoules, 
&c. which makes it past navigation any higher. Thence in 
the running downeward, the river is enriched with many 
goodly brookes, which are maintained by an infinit number 
of small rundles and pleasant springs, that disperse them- 
selues for best service, as do the veines of a mans body. 

From the South there fals into it: First, the pleasant 
river of Apamatuck. Next more to the East are two small 
rivers of Quiyoughcohanocke. A little farther is a Bay 
wherein falleth 3 or 4 prettie brookes and creekes that 
halfe intrench the Inhabitants of Warraskoyac, then the 
river of Nandsamund, and lastly the brooke of Chisapeack. 

From the North side is the river of Chickahamania, the 
backe river of Iames Towne; another by the Cedar Isle, 
where we liued ten weekes vpon Oysters, then a con- 
venient harbour for Fisher boats at Kecoughtan, that so 
turneth it selfe into [28] Bayes and Creekes, it makes 
that place very pleasant to inhabit; their cornefields being 
girded therein in a manner as Peninsulaes. 

The most of these rivers are inhabited by severall 


nations, or rather families, of the name of the rivers. 


They haue also over those some Governour, as their King, 
which they call Werowances. 


In a Peninsula on the North side of this river are the 


J Smith | Lie. 2. Captaine lohn Smith zz Virginia. 


347 


English Planted in a place by them called ames Towne, [1607-9] 


in honour of the Kings most excellent Maiestie. 


tet 


‘The first and next the rivers mouth are the Kecoughtans, ie sul 
who besides their women and children, haue not past 20. Theseverall 


fighting men. The Paspaheghes (on whose land is seated 
Iames Towne, some 40. myles from the Bay) haue not 
past 40. The river called Chickahamania [has] neare 250. 
The Weanocks 100. The Avrowhatocks 30. The place called 
Powhatan, some 40. On the South side this river the 
Appamatucks haue sixtie fighting men. The Quiyougco- 
hanocks 25. The Nandsamunds 200. The Chesapeacks 
too. Of this last place the Bay beareth the name. In 
all these places is a severall commander, which they 
call Werowance, except the Chickahamanians, who are 
governed by the Priests and their Assistants, or their Elders 
called Caw-cawwassoughes. In sommer no place affordeth 
more plentie of Sturgeon, nor in winter more abundance 
of foule, especially in the time of frost. I tooke once 52 
Sturgeons at a draught, at another 68. From the later 
end of May till the end of Iune are taken few, but yong 
Sturgeons of two foot or a yard long. From thence till 
the midst of September, them of two or three yards long 
and few others. And in 4 or 5, houres with one Net were 
ordinarily taken 7 or 8: often more, seldome lesse. In 
the small rivers all the yeare there is good plentie of 
small fish, so that with hookes those that would take 
paines had sufficient. 


Foureteene myles Northward from the river Powhatan, RPamaun 


is the river Pamavnkee, which is navigable 60 or 70 myles, 
but with Catches and small Barkes 30 07 40 myles farther. 
At the ordinary flowing of the salt water, it divideth it 
selfe into two gallant branches. 

On the South side inhabit the people of Youghtanund, 7 
who haue about 60 men for warres, On the North 
branch Mattapament, who haue 30 men. Where this river 
is divided the Country is called Pamavnkee, and nourisheth 
neare 300 able men. About 25. myles lower on the North 
side of this river is Werawocomoco, where their great King 
inhabited when I was delivered him prisoner; yet there 
are not past 40 able men. Ten or twelue myles lower, 


? iniabileate 


on the South side of this river, is Chiskiack, which hath &.s21 


348 
[1607-9] 


Payanka- 
tank, R. 


Toppa- 
hanock R. 


The 
inhabitants. 


Patawomek, 
R. 


The 
inhabitants. 


[A 53-] 


Pawtuxunt, 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lr. 2.[,3,S5miih 
some 40 or 50 men. These, as also Afamatuck, Irrohatock, 
and Powhatan, are their great Kings chiefe alliance, and 
inhabitants. The rest his Conquests. 

Before we come to the third river that falleth from the 
mountaines, there is another river (some 30 myles navigable) 
that commeth from the Inland, called Payankatanke, the 
Inhabitants are about 50 or 60 serviceable men. 

The third navigable river is called Toppahanock. (This 
is navigable some 130 myles). At the top of it inhabit the 
people called Mannahoacks amongst the mountaines, but 
they are aboue the place we described. 

Vpon this river on the North side are the people Cut- 
tatawomen, with 30 fighting men. Higher are the Moraugh- 
tacunds, with 80. Beyond them Rapahanock with 100. Far 
aboue is another Cuttatawomen with 20. On the South is the 
pleasant seat of Nantaughtacund having 150 men. This river 
also as the two former, is replenished with fish and foule. 

The fourth river is called Patawomeke, 6 or 7 myles in 
breadth. Jt ts navigable 140 myles, and fed as the rest 
with many sweet rivers and springs, which fall from the 
bordering hils. These hils many of them are planted, 
and yeeld no lesse plentie and varietie of fruit, then the 
river exceedeth with abundance of fish. 

It is inhabited on both sides. First on the South side 
at the very entrance is Wighcocomoco and hath some 130 
men, beyond them Sekacawone with 30. The Onawmanient 
with roo. And the Patawomekes more then 200. 

Here doth the river divide it selfe into 3 or 4 convenient 
branches. The greatest of the least is called Quiyough, 
trending North-west, but the river it selfe turneth North- 
east, and is still a navigable streame. On the Westerne 
side of this bought is Tauxenent with 40 men. On the 
North of this river is Secowocomoco with 40. Somewhat 
further Potapaco with 20. In the East part is Pamacaeack 
[24] with 60. After Moyowance with roo. And lastly, 
Nacotchtanke with 80. The river aboue this place maketh 
his passage downe a low pleasant valley overshaddowed 
in many places with high rocky mountaines; from whence 
distill innumerable sweet and pleasant springs. 

The fift river is called Pawtuxunt, of a lesse proportion 
then the rest; but the channell is 16 fadome deepe in 


dom] Lrp. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zx Virginia. 349 


some places. Here are infinit skuls of divers kindes of [1607-9] 
fish more then elswhere. 

Vpon this river dwell the people called Acquintanacksuak, 
Pawtuxunt, and Mattapanient. Two hundred men was the 
greatest strength that could be there perceived. But they 
inhabit together, and not so dispersed as the rest. These 
of all other we found most civill to giue intertainement. 

Thirtie leagues Northward is a river not inhabited, yet Bolus, R. 
navigable; for the red clay resembling bole Armoniack we 
called it Bolus. 

At the end of the Bay where it is 6 or 7 myles in Thehead 
breadth, it divides it selfe into 4. branches, the best “'°?” 
commeth Northwest from among the mountaines, but 
though Canows may goe a dayes iourney or two vp it, 
we could not get two myles vp it with our boat for rockes. 

Vpon it is seated the Sasquesahanocks, neare it North aseuese 
and by West runneth a creeke a myle and a halfe: at 
the head whereof the Ebbe left vs on shore, where we 
found many trees cut with hatchets. The next tyde 
keeping the shore to seeke for some Salvages; (for within 
thirtie leagues sayling, we saw not any, being a barren 
Country,) we went vp another small river like a creeke 6 
or 7 myle. From thence returning we met 7 Canowes of 
the Massowomeks, with whom we had conference by signes, 
for we vnderstood one another scarce a word: the next 
day we discovered the small river and people of Tockwhogh 
trending Eastward. 

Having lost our Grapnell among the rocks of Sasquesa- 
hanocks, we were then neare 200 myles from home, and 
our Barge about two tuns, and had in it but 12 men to 
performe this Discovery, wherein we lay aboue 12 weekes 
vpon those great waters in those vnknowne Countries, 
having nothing but a little meale, oatemeale and water to 
feed vs, and scarce halfe sufficient of that for halfe that 
time, but what provision we got among the Salvages, and 
such rootes and fish as we caught by accident and Gods 
direction ; nor had we a Mariner nor any [that] had skill to 
trim the sayles but two saylers and my selfe, the rest being 
Gentlemen, or them [that] were as ignorant in such toyle 
and labour. Yet necessitie in a short time by good words 
and examples made them doe that that caused them ever 


J. Smith. 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Li. 2. [der609 


[1607-9] after to feare no colours. What I did with this small 


meanes I leaue to the Reader to iudge, and the Mappe I 
made of the Country, which is but a small matter in 
regard of the magnitude thereof. 

But to proceed, 60 of those Sasquesahanocks came to 
vs with skins, Bowes, Arrows, Targets, Beads, Swords, 
and Tobacco pipes for presents. Such great and well 
proportioned men are seldome seene, for they seemed like 
Giants to the English, yea and to the neighbours, yet 
seemed of an honest and simple disposition, [and they were] 
with much adoe restrained from adoring vs as Gods. Those 
are the strangest people of all those Countries, both in lan- 
guage and attire; for their language it may well beseeme 
their proportions, sounding from them, as a voyce in a vault. 
Their attire is the skinnes of Beares, and Woolues, some 
haue Cassacks made of Beares heads and skinnes, that a 
mans head goes through the skinnes neck, and the eares 
of the Beare fastened to his shoulders, the nose and teeth 
hanging downe his breast, another Beares face split be- 
hind him, and at the end of the nose hung a Pawe, the 
halfe sleeues comming to the elbowes were the neckes of 
Beares, and the armes through the mouth; with pawes 
hanging at their noses. One had the head of a Woolfe 
hanging in a chaine for a Iewell, his Tobacco pipe three 
quarters of a yard long, prettily carued with a Bird, a 
Deere, or some such devise at the great end, sufficient to 
beat out ones braines: with Bowes, Arrowes, and clubs, 
su{ijtable to their greatnesse. 

These are scarce knowne to Powhatan. They can make 
neare 600 able men, and are: pallisadoed in their Townes 
to defend them from the Massawomekes their mortall ene- 
mies. Fiue of their chiefe Werowances came aboord vs, 
and crossed the Bay in the Barge. The picture of the 
greatest of them is signified in the Mappe [/. 384]. The 
calfe of whose leg was three quarters of a yard about, [25] 
and all the rest of his limbes so answerable to that pro- 
portion, that he seemed the goodliest man we ever be- 
held. His hayre, the one side was long, the other shore 
close with a ridge over his crowne like a cocks combe. 
His arrowes were fiue quarters long, headed with the 
splinters of a white christall-like stone, in forme of a 


toys tot 


dione, | Lr. 2. Captaine {ohn Smith zz Virginia. 


heart, an inch broad, and an inch and a halfe or more 
long. These he wore in a Woolues skinne at his backe 
for his Quiver, his bow in the one hand and his clubbe 
in the other, as is described. 

On the East side the Bay, is the river Tockwhogh, and 
vpon it a people that can make 100 men, seated some 
seaven myles within the river: where they haue a Fort 
very well pallisadoed and mantelled with barkes of trees. 
Next them is Ozinies with sixty men. More to the South 
of that East side of the Bay, the river Rapahanock, neere 
vnto which is the river Kuskavawaock. WVpon which is 
seated a people with 200 men. After that, is the river 
Tants Wighcocomoco, and on it a people with 100 men. 

The people of those rivers are of little stature, of another 
language from the rest, and very rude. But they on the 
river Acohanock with 40 men, and they of Accomack 80 
men doth equalize any of the Territories of Powhatan, and 
speake his language; who over all those doth rule as King. 

Southward we went to some parts of Chawonock and 
the Mangoags to search for them left by Master White. 

Amongst those people are thus many severall Nations 


of sundry Languages, that environ Powhatans Territories. 7™ 


The Chawonockes, the Mangoags, the Monacans, the Man- 
nahokes, the Masawomekes, the Powhatans, the Sasquesa- 
hanocks, the Atquanachukes, the Tockwoghes, and the 
Kuscarawaokes. Al those not any onevnderstandeth another 
but by Interpreters. Their severall habitations are more 
plainly described by this annexed Mappe [f. 384], which 
will present to the eye, the way of the mountaines, and 
current of the rivers, with their severall turnings, bayes, 
shoules, Isles, Inlets, and creekes, the breadth of the 
waters, the distances of places, and such like. In which 
Mappe obserue this, that as far as you see the little 
Crosses on rivers, mountaines, or other places haue beene 
discovered ; the rest was had by information of the Savages, 
and are set downe according to their instructions. 


Thus haue I walkt a wayless way, with uncouth pace, 
Which yet no Christian man did ever trace: 

But yet I know this not affects the minde, 

Which eares doth heare, as that which eyes doe finde. 


351 
[1607-9] 


[p. 55.) 
Tockwho, 
Rn bh, 


Rapaha- 
nock, Re 
Kuskara- 
waock, R. 


Wighcoco- 
moco, R. 


Accomach, 
R. 


Chawoneck. 


(46. 312, 329.] 


severall 
languages. 


352 The Voyages and Discoveries of Lin. 2. ii See 
[1607-9] 
56) Of such things which are naturally in Virginia, 


and how the vse them. 


Why there is 
little grasse. ° 


(4 IRGINIA doth afford many excellent vegetables, 
ey and liuing Creatures, yet grasse there is little 
AY or none, but what groweth in low Marishes: 
M, for all the Countrey is overgrowne with trees, 
whose droppings continually turneth their grasse to weeds, 
by reason of the rancknes of the ground, which would 
soone be amended by good husbandry. The wood that 

Woods with is most common is Oke and Walnut, many of their 

wits: Okes are so tall and straight, that they will beare two 
foote and a halfe square of good timber for 20 yards long ; 
Of this wood there is two or three severall kinds. The 
Acornes of one kinde, whose barke is more white then the 
other, and somewhat sweetish, which being boyled, at last 
affords a sweet oyle, that they keepe in gourds to annoint 
their heads and ioynts. The fruit they eate made in 
bread or otherwise. 

Elme. There is also some Elme, some blacke Walnut tree, 
and some Ash: of Ash and Elme they make sope Ashes. 
If the trees be very great, the Ashes will be good, and 
melt to hard lumps, but if they be small, it will be but 
powder, and not so good as the other. 

Walnuts. Of walnuts there is 2 or 3 kindes; there is a kinde of 

Supposed wood we called Cypres, because both the wood, the fruit, 

Cypres. and leafe did most resemble it, and of those trees there 
are some neare three fadome about at the foot, very [26] 
straight, and 50, 60, or 80 foot without a branch. 

Mulberries. § By the dwelling of the Salvages are some great Mul- 
bery trees, and in some parts of the Countrey, they are 
found growing naturally in prettie groues. There was an 
assay made to make silke, and surely the wormes pros- 
pered excellent well, till the master workeman fell sicke. 
During which time they were eaten with Rats. 

Chesnuts. In some parts were found some Chesnuts, whose wild 
fruit equalize the best in France, Spaine, Germany, or Italy. 

Plums there are of three sorts. The red and white are 


dee, | Lip. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zm Virginia. 
like our hedge plums, but the other which they call 
Putchamins, grow as high as a Palmeta: the fruit is like a 
Medler; it is first greene, then yellow, and red when it is 
ripe: if it be not ripe, it will draw a mans mouth awry, 
with much torment, but when it is ripe, it is as delicious 
as an Apricot. 

They haue Cherries, and those are much like a Damson, 
but for their tastes and colour we called them Cherries. 
We saw some few Crabs, but very small and bitter. 

Of vines great abundance in many parts that climbe 
the toppes of the highest trees in some places, but these 
beare but few grapes. Except by the rivers and savage 
habitations, where they are not overshadowed from the 
sunne, they are covered with fruit, though never pruined 
nor manured. Of those hedge grapes we made neere 
twentie gallons of wine, which was like our French Brittish 
wine, but certainely they would proue good were they well 
manured. 

There is another sort of grape neere as great as a 
Cherry, this they call Messamins; they be fatte, and the 
iuyce thicke. Neither doth the taste so well please when 
they are made in wine. 

They haue a small fruit growing on little trees, husked 
like a Chesnut, but the fruit most like a very small 
Acorne. This they call Chechinquamuns, which they 
esteeme a great daintie. They haue a berry much like our 
Gooseberry, in greatnesse, colour, and tast; those they 
call Rawcomens, and doe eat them raw or boyled. 

Of these naturall fruits they liue a great part of the 
yeare, which they vse in this manner; The Walnuts, 
Chesnuts, Acornes, and Chechinquamins are dryed to keepe. 
When they need walnuts they breake them betweene two 
stones, yet some part of the shels will cleaue to the fruit. 
Then doe they dry them againe vpon a Mat over a hurdle. 
After they put it into a morter of wood, and beat it very 
small: that done they mix it with water, that the shels 
may sinke to the bottome. This water will be coloured 
as milke, which they call Pawcohiccora, and keepe it for 


their vse. : 
The fruit like Medlers they call Putchamins, they cast 


853 


[1607-9] 
[p- 57] 


Cherries. 


Vines, 


Chechz'y- 
quamins. 


Raweo- 
Mens. 


How they 
use their 
fruits. 


Walnut 
milke. 


vpon hurdles on a Mat, and perserue them as Pruines. Of &s#] 


23 


354 


J. Smith. 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lip. 2. Ese 


[1607-9] their Chesnuts and Chechinquamins boyled, they make 


Gummes. 


Cedars. 
Saxafras 
trees. 


Berries, 


Matoum. 


Straw- 
berries. 


Hearbes. 


Rootes. 


[s- 59-] 
Wighsacan 
@ roote. 


both broath and bread for their chiefe men, or at their 
greatest feasts. 

Besides those fruit trees, there is a white Popular, and 
another tree like vnto it, that yeeldeth a very cleare and 
an odoriferous Gumme like Turpentine, which some call 
Balsom. ‘There are also Cedars and Saxafras trees. They 
also yeeld gummes in a small proportion of themselues. 
Wee tryed conclusions to extract it out of the wood, but 
nature afforded more then our arts. 

In the watry valleyes groweth a Berry which they call 
Ocoughtanamnis very much like vnto Capers. These they 
dry in sommer. When they eat them they boile them 
neare halfe a day; for otherwise they differ not much 
from poyson. Mattoum groweth as our Bents. The seed 
is not much vnlike to Rie, though much smaller. This 
they vse for a daintie bread buttered with deare suet. 

During Sommer there are either Strawberries, which 
ripen in Aprill, or Mulberries which ripen in May and 
Iune. Raspises, hurts; or a fruit that the inhabitants 
call Maracocks, which is a pleasant wholsome fruit much 
like a Lemond. 

Many herbes in the spring are comonly dispersed 
throughout the woods, good for brothes and sallets, as 
Violets, Purslain, Sorrell, &c. Besides many we vsed 
whose names we know not. 


The chiefe root they haue for food is called Tockawhoughe. 
It groweth like a flagge in Marishes. In ene day a Salvage 
will gather sufficient for a weeke. These roots are much 
of the greatnesse and taste of Potatoes. They vse to cover 
a great many of them with Oke leaues and Ferne, and 
then cover all with earth in the manner of a Cole-pit; 
over it, on each side, they continue a great fire 24 houres 
before they dare eat it. (27] Raw it is no better then 
poyson, and being rosted, except it be tender and the 
heat abated, or sliced and dryed in the Sunne, mixed with 
sorrell and meale or such like, it will prickle and torment 
the throat extreamely, and yet in sommer they vse this 
ordinarily for bread. 

They haue another roote which they call Wighsacan: as 


geen | Lis. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zw Virginia. 


1612-1624. 


355 


th’other feedeth the body, so this cureth their hurts and [1607-9] 


diseases. It is a small root which they bruise and apply 
to the wound. Pocones is a small root that groweth in 
the mountaines, which being dryed and beate in powder 
turneth red. And this they vse for swellings, aches, 
annointing their ioynts, painting their heads and garments. 
They account it very precious, and of much worth. 
Musquaspen is a roote of the bignesse of a finger, and as 
red as bloud. In drying, it will wither almost to nothing. 
This they vse to paint their Mattes, Targets, and such like. 

There is also Pellitory of Spaine, Sasafrage, and divers 
other simples, which the Apothecaries gathered, arid com- 
mended to be good, and medicinable. 

In the low Marishes grow plots of Onyons, containing 
an Acre of ground or more in many places; but they are 
small, not past the bignesse of the toppe of ones Thumbe. 


Of beasts the chiefe are Deere, nothing differing from 
ours. In the deserts towards the heads of the rivers, 
there are many, but amongst the rivers few. 

There is a beast they call Avoughcun, much like a 
badger, but vseth to liue on trees as Squirrels doe. Their 
Squirrels some are neare as great as our smallest sort of 
wilde Rabbets, some blackish or blacke and white, but the 
most are gray. 

A smail beast they haue they call Assapanick, but we 
call them flying Squirrels, because spreading their legs, 
and so stretching the largenesse of their skins, that they 
haue beene seene to fly 30 or 40 yards. An Opassom hath 
a head like a Swine, and a taile like a Rat, and is of the 
bignesse of a Cat. Wnder her belly shee hath a bagge, 
wherein she lodgeth, carrieth, and suckleth her young. A 
Mussascus is a beast of the forme and nature of our water 
Rats, but many of them smell exceeding strongly of 
Muske. Their Hares [are] no bigger then our Conies, 
and few of them to be found. 

Their Beares are very little in comparison of those of 
Muscovia and Tartaria. The Beaver is as big as an 
ordinary water dog, but his legs exceeding short. His 
forefeete like a dogs, his hinder feet like a Swans. His 
taile somewhat like the forme of a Racket, bare without 


Pocones a 
small roote. 


Musqua- 
spena 
roote. 


Pellitory. 
Sasafrage. 


Onyons. 


Their chiefe 
beasts are 
Deere, 


Arough- 
cun. 
Squirrels. 


Assapa- 
nick, a 
Squirrel 
flying. 


Opassom. 


Mussascsss. 


Beares, 


The 
Beaver. 


[Z. 60.] 


356 
[1607-9] 


Otters. 


Vichun- 
quoyes. 


Foxes. 
Dogges. 


Martins. 
Polcats. 
Weesels, and 
Minkes. 


Birds. 


Fish. 


(6. 62) 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lin. 2. Baers 
haire, which to eat the Salvages esteeme a great delicate. 
They haue many Oifters, which as the Beavers they take 
with snares, and esteeme the skins great ornaments; and 
of all those beasts they vse to feed when they catch them. 

An Vtchunquoyes is like a wilde Cat. Their Foxes are 
like our silver haired Conies, of a small proportion, and 
not smelling like those in England. Their Dogges of that 
Country are like their Woolues, and cannot barke but howle; 
and the Woolues not much bigger then our English Foxes. 
Martins, Powlecats, Weesels, and Minkes we know they 
haue, because we haue seene many of their skinnes, 
though very seldome any of them aliue. 

But one thing is strange, that we could never perceiue 
their Vermine destroy our Hennes, Egges, nor Chickens, 
nor doe any hurt, nor their flyes nor serpents [to be] any 
way pernicious, where[as] in the South parts of America 
they are alwayes dangerous, and often deadly. 


Of Birds the Eagle is the greatest devourer. Hawkes 
there be of divers sorts, as our Falconers called them: 
Sparrow-hawkes, Lanarets, Goshawkes, Falcons and Osperayes, 
but they all prey most vpon fish. Their Partridges are 
little bigger then our Quailes. Wilde Turkies are as bigge 
as ourtame. There are Woosels or Blackbirds with red 
shoulders, Thrushes and divers sorts of small Birds, some 
red, some blew, scarce so bigge as a Wrenne, but few in 
Sommer. In Winter there are great plentie of Swans, 
Cranes gray and white with blacke wings, Herons, Geese, 
Brants, Ducke, Wigeon, Dotterell, Oxeies, Parrats, and 
Pigeons. Of all those sorts great abundance, and some 
other strange kinds, to vs vnknowne by name. But in 
Sommer not any, or a very few to be seene. 


Of fish we were best acquainted with Sturgeon, Grampus, 
Porpus, Seales, Stingraies [28] whose tailes are very 
dangerous. Bretts, Mullets, white Salmonds, Trowts, 
Soles, Plaice, Herrings, Conyfish, Rockfish, Eeles, Lam- 
preys, Catfish, Shades, Pearch of three sorts, Crabs, 
Shrimps, Crevises, Oysters, Cocles, and Muscles. But 
the most strange fish is a small one, so like the picture 
of St. George his Dragon, as possible can be, except his 


a ers 


diste,| LIB. 2. Captaine lohn Smith zx Virginia. 357 


legs and wings; and the Toadefish, which will swell till it [1607-9] 
be like to burst, when it commeth into the ayre. 


Concerning the entrailes of the earth, little can be said The rockes 
for certaintie. There wanted good Refiners; for those 
that tooke vpon them to haue skill this way, tooke vp the 
washings from the mountaines, and some moskered shining 
stones and spangles which the waters brought downe, flat- 
tering themselues in their owne vaine conceits to haue 
beene supposed what they were not, by the meanes of that 
ore, if it proued as their arts and iudgements expected. 
Onely this is certaine, that many regions lying in the 
same latitude, afford Mines very rich of divers natures. 
The crust also of these rockes would easily perswade a 
man to beleeue there are other Mines then yron and steele, 
if there were but meanes and men of experience that knew 
the Mine from Spar. 


Of their Planted fruits in Virginia, 
and how they vse them. 


Ya 


IR Hey divide the yeare into fiue seasons. Their How they 
4 ASaq winter some call Popanow, the spring, Cattapeuk, yeare. 
xe the sommer Cohattayough, the earing of their 
eh Corne Nepinough, the harvest and fall of leafe 
Taquitock. From September vntill the midst of November 
are the chiefe feasts and sacrifice. Then haue they plentie 
of fruits as well planted as naturall, as corne greene and 

ripe, fish, fowle, and wilde beasts exceeding fat. 

The greatest labour they take, is in planting their corne, Homa 
for the Country naturally is overgrowne with wood. To {reund. 
prepare the ground they bruise the barke of the trees 
neare the root, then doe they scortch the roots with fire 
that they grow no more. 

The next yeare with a crooked peece of wood they beat &. 621 
vp the weeds by the rootes, and in that mould they plant 
their Corne. Their manner is this. They make a hole 
in the earth with a sticke, and into it they put foure 
graines of wheate and two of beanes. These holes they 


358 


J. Smith. 


The Voyages and Discoveries of LB. 2. | 6:2 %6o4. 


[1607-9] make foure foote one from another; Their women and 


How they 
plant. — 


How they 
vse their 
Corne. 


(A. 6% 


children do continually keepe it with weeding, and when 
it is growne middle high, they hill it about like a hop-yard. 

In Aprill they begin to plant, but their chiefe plantation 
is in May, and so they continue till the midst of Lune. 
What they plant in Aprill they reape in August, for May 
in September, for Iune in October; Every stalke of their 
corne commonly beareth two eares, some three, seldome 
any foure, many but one, and some none. Every eare 
ordinarily hath betwixt 200 and 500 graines. The stalke 
being greene hath a sweet iuice in it, somewhat like a 
sugar Cane, which is the cause that when they gather 
their corne greene, they sucke the stalkes: for as we 
gather greene pease, so doe they their corne being greene, 
which excelleth their old. 

They plant also pease they call Assentamens, which are 
the same they call in Jtaly, Fagioli. Their Beanes are 
the same the Turkes call Garnanses, but these they much 
esteeme for dainties. 

Their corne they rost in the eare greene, and bruising 
st in a morter of wood with a Polt, lap it in rowles in the 
leaues of their corne, and so boyle it for a daintie. They 
also reserue that corne late planted that will not ripe, by 
roasting it in hot ashes, the heat thereof drying it. In 
winter they esteeme it being boyled with beanes for a rare 
dish, they call Pausarowmena. ‘Their old wheat they first 
steepe a night in hot water, in the morning pounding it in 
a morter. They vse a small basket for their Temmes, 
then pound againe the great, and so separating by dashing 
their hand in the basket, receiue the flower in a platter 
made of wood, scraped to that forme with burning [29] 
and shels. ‘Tempering this flower with water, they make 
it either in cakes, covering them with ashes till they be 
baked, and then washing them in faire water, they drie 
presently with their owne heat: or else boyle them in 
water, eating the broth with the bread which they call 
Ponap. 

The groutes and peeces of the cornes remaining, by 
fanning, in a Platter or in the wind, away the branne, 
they boyle 3 or 4 houres with water, which is an ordinary 
food they call Vstatahamen. But some more thriftie then 


J, Smith) Lip, 2. Captaine ohn Smith zz Virginia. 


cleanly, doe burne the core of the eare to powder, which 
they call Pungnough, mingling that in their meale; but it 
never tasted well in bread, nor broth. 

Their fish and flesh they boyle either very tenderly, or 
boyle it so long on hurdles over the fire, or else after the 
Spanish fashion, putting it on a spit, they turne first the 
one side, then the other, till it be as drie as their ierkin 
Beefe in the west Indies, that they may keepe it a 
moneth or more without putrifying. The broth of fish or 
flesh they eat as commonly as the meat. 

In May also amongst their corne they plant Pumpeons, 
and a fruit like vnto a muske mellon, but lesse and worse, 
which they call Macocks. These increase exceedingly, 
and ripen in the beginning of Iuly, and continue vntill 
September. They plant also Maracocks a wild fruit like a 
Lemmon, which also increase infinitely. They begin to 
ripe in September, and continue till the end of October. 

When all their fruits be gathered, little els they plant, 
and this is done by their women and children; neither 
doth this long suffice them, for neare three parts of the 
yeare, they onely obserue times and seasons, and liue 
of what the Country naturally affordeth from hand to 
mouth, &c. 


The Commodities in Virginia, or that may 
be had by Industrie. 


“i \\ag soyle, and situation of the rivers are so pro- 
AXA pitious to the nature and vse of man, as no 
See place is more convenient for pleasure, profit, 
and mans sustenance, vnder that latitude or climat. Here 
wilt liue any beasts, as horses, goats, sheepe, asses, hens, 
&c. as appeared by them that were carried thether. The 
waters, Isles, and shoales, are full of safe harbours for 
ships of warre or marchandize, for boats of all sorts, for 
transportation or fishing, &c. 
The Bay and rivers haue much marchantable fish, and 
places fit for Salt coats, building of ships, making of Iron, &c, 


o09 
[1607-9] 


How the 
vse their fish 
and flesh. 


Planted 
fruits. 


(A. 64.) 


A proofe 
cattell will 
liue well, 


360 


[1607-9} 


The Com- 
modities. 


[4. 65.) 


The 


numbers. 


Seaven 
hundred 
men were 
the most 
were seene 
together 
when they 
thought to 
haue sur- 
prised 
Captaine 
Smith. 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lr. 2. LLaorey 


1612-1624, 


Muscovia and Polonia doe yearely receiue many thousands, 
for pitch, tarre, sopeashes, Rosen, Flax, Cordage, Sturgeon, 


Masts, Yards, Wainscot, Firres, Glasse, and such like; — 


also Swethland for Iron and Copper. France in like manner, 
for Wine, Canvas, and Salt. Spaine asmuch for Iron, 
Steele, Figges, Reasons, and Sackes. Italy with Silkes 
and Velvets consumes our chiefe Commodities. Holland 
maintaines it selfe by fishing and trading at our owne 
doores. All these temporize [traffic] with other for neces- 
sities, but all as vncertaine as peace or warres. Besides 
the charge, travell, and danger in transporting them, by 
seas, lands, stormes, and Pyrats. Then how much hath 
Virginia the prerogatiue of all those flourishing Kingdomes, 
for the benefit of our Land, when as within one hundred 
myles all those are to be had, either ready provided by 
nature, or else to be prepared, were there but industrious 
men to labour. Onely of Copper we may doubt is wanting, 
but there is good probabilitie that both Copper and better 
Minerals are there to be had for their labour, Other 
Countries haue it. So then here is a place, a nurse for 
souldiers, a practise for mariners, a trade for marchants, 
a reward for the good, and that which is most of all, a 
businesse (most acceptable to God) to bring such poore 
Infidels to the knowledge of God and his holy Gospell. 


their far greater number is of women and 
children. Within 60 myles of James Towne, 
3 there are about some 5000 people, but of able 
men fit for their warres scarce 1500. ‘To nourish so many 
[80] together they haue yet no meanes, because they make 
so small a benefit of their land, be it never so fertile. 

Six or seauen hundred haue beene the most [that] hath 
beene seene together, when they gathered themselues to 
haue surprised mee at Pamavnkee, having but fifteene to 
withstand the worst of their fury [f. 457]. As small 
as the proportion of ground that hath yet beene dis- 
covered, is in comparison of that yet vnknowne: The 


oom, ee re 


dione, | Lis. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zz Virginia. 


people differ very much in stature, especially in language, 
as before is expressed. 

Some being very great as the Sasquesahanocks; others 
very little, as the Wighcocomocoes: but generally tall and 
straight, of a comely proportion, and of a colour browne 
when they are of any age, but they are borne white. Their 
hayre is generally blacke, but few haue any beards. The 
men weare halfe their beards [heads] shaven, the other 
halfe long ; for Barbers they vse their women, who with two 
shels will grate away the hayre, of any fashion they please. 
The women [1.¢., their haiy| are cut in many fashions, agree- 
able to their yeares, but ever some part remaineth long. 

They are very strong, of an able body and full of agilitie, 
able to endure to lie in the woods vnder a tree by the fire, 
in the worst of winter, or in the weedes and grasse, in 
Ambuscado in the Sommer. 

They are inconstant in every thing, but what feare 
constraineth them to keepe. Craftie, timerous, quicke of 
apprehension, and very ingenuous. Some are of disposition 
fearefull, some bold, most cautelous, all Savage. Generally 
covetous of Copper, Beads, and such like trash. They are 
soone moued to anger, and so malicious, that they seldome 
forget an iniury: they seldome steale one from another, 
least their coniurers should reveale it, and so they be pur- 
sued and punished. ‘That they are thus feared is certaine, 
but that any can reueale their offences by coniuration I 
am doubtfull. Their women are carefull not to be sus- 
pected of dishonestie without the leaue of their husbands. 

Each houshold knoweth their owne lands, and gardens, 
and most liue of their owne labours. _ 

For their apparell, they are some time covered with the 
skinnes of wilde beasts, which in Winter are dressed with 
the hayre, but in Sommer without. The better sort vse 
large mantels of Deare skins, not much differing in fashion 
from the Irish mantels. Some imbrodered with white 
beads, some with Copper, other painted after their 
manner. But the common sort haue scarce to cover their 
nakednesse, but with grasse, the leaues of trees, or such 
like. We haue seene some vse mantels made of Turky 
feathers, so prettily wrought and woven with threads that 
nothing could be discerned but the feathers. That was 


361 
[1607-9] 


A descrip- 
tion of 
the people. 


The 
Barbers. 


The 
constitu- 
tion. 


The 
disposition. 


(A. 66.] 


The — 
possessions, 


Their 
attire. 


362 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lan. 2. [,d:5%b 


[1607-9] exceeding warme and very handsome. But the women 


Their 
ornaments. 


[6. 67.) 


Their 
buildings. 


Their 
lodgings. 


are alwayes covered about their middles with a skin, and 
very shamefast to be seene bare. 

They adornethemselues most with copper peadsand paint- 
ings. Their women, some haue their legs, hands, breasts, 
and face cunningly imbrodered [tattooed] with divers workes, 
as beasts, serpents, artificially wrought into their flesh 
with blacke spots. In each eare commonly they haue 
3 great holes, whereat they hang chaines, bracelets, or 
copper. Some of their men weare in those holes, a small 
greene and yellow coloured snake, neare halfe a yard in 
length, which crawling and lapping her selfe about his 
necke oftentimes familiarly would kisse his lips. Others 
weare a dead Rat tyed by the taile. Some on their heads 
weare the wing of a bird, or some large feather with a 
Rattell. Those Rattels are somewhat like the chape of a 
Rapier but lesse, which they take from the taile of a 
snake. Many haue the whole skinne of a Hawke or some 
strange foule, stuffed with the wings abroad. Others a 
broad peece of Copper, and some the hand of their enemy 
dryed. Their heads and shoulders are painted red with 
the roote Pocone brayed to powder, mixed with oyle, this 
they hold in sommer to preserue them from the heate, and 
in winter from the cold. Many other formes of paintings 
they vse, but he is the most gallant that is the most 
monstrous to behold. 

Their buildings and habitations are for the most part 
by the rivers, or not farre distant from some fresh spring. 
Their houses are built like our Arbors, of small young 
springs bowed and tyed, and so close covered with Mats, or 
the barkes of trees very handsomely, that notwithstanding 
either winde, raine, or weather, they are as warme as 
stooues, but very smoaky, yet at the toppe of the house 
there is a hole made for the smoake to goe into right over 
the fire. [81] 

Against the fire they lie on little hurdles of Reeds 
covered with a Mat, borne from the ground a foote and 
more by a hurdle of wood. On these round about the 
house they lie heads and points one by th’other against the 
fire, some covered with Mats, some with skins, and some 
starke naked lie on the ground, from 6 to 20 in a house. 


diere, | Lip. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zz Virginia. 


363 


Their houses are in the midst of their fields or gardens, [1607-9] 


which are small plots of ground. Some 20 acres, some 
40. some I00. some 200. some more, some lesse. In 
some places from 2 to 50 of those houses together, or but 
a little separated by groues of trees. Neare their habi- 
tations is little small wood or old trees on the ground by 
reason of their burning of them for fire. So that a man 
may gallop a horse amongst these woods any way, but 
where the creekes or Rivers shall hinder. 

Men, women, and children haue their severall names 
according to the severall humor of their Parents. Their 
women (they say) are easily delivered of childe, yet doe 
they loue children very dearely. To make them hardie, 
in the coldest mornings they wash them in the rivers, 
and by painting and oyntments so tanne their skinnes, 
that after a yeare or two, no weather will hurt them. 

The men bestow their times in fishing, hunting, warres, 
and such man-like exercises, scorning to be seene in any 
woman-like exercise, which is the cause that the women 
be very painefull, and the men often idle. The women 
and children doe the rest of the worke. They make mats, 
baskets, pots, morters, pound their corne, make their 
bread, prepare their victuals, plant their corne, gather 
their corne, beare all kind of burdens, and such like. 

Their fire they kindle presently by chafing a dry pointed 
sticke in a hole of a little square peece of wood, that firing 
it selfe, will so fire mosse, leaues, or any such like dry 
thing, that will quickly burne. 

In March and Aprill they liue much vpon their fishing 
wlelires; and feed on fish, Turkies, and Squirrels. In May 
and June they plant their fields, and liue most of Acornes, 
Walnuts, and fish. But to amend their dyet, some disperse 
themselues in small companies, and liue vpon fish, beasts, 
crabs, oysters, land Tortoises, strawberries, mulberries, 
and such like. In Iune, Iuly, and August, they feed vpon 
the rootes of Tocknough, berries, fish, and greene wheat. 

It is strange to see how their bodies alter with their dyet, 
even as the deere and wilde beasts they seeme fat and leane, 
strong and weake. Powhatan their great King, and some 
others that are provident, rost their fish and flesh vpon 
hurdles as before is expressed, and keepe it till scarce times. 


Their 
gardens, 


How they 
vse their 
children. 


The indus- 
trie of their 
women, 


[A. 68.] 
How they 
strike fire, 


The order 
of dyet. 


J. Smith. 


364 The Voyages and Discoveries of Lup. 2. Bee. 


[1607-9] For fishing, hunting, and warres they vse much their 
How they bow and arrowes. ‘They bring their bowes to the forme 
bowesand of ours by the scraping of a shell. Their arrowes are 
anowes: made, some of straight young sprigs, which they head with 
bone, some 2 or 3 ynches long. These they vse to shoot 
at Squirrels on trees. Another sort of arrowes they vse 
made of Reeds. These are peeced with wood, headed 
with splinters of christall, or some sharpe stone, the spurres 
qheir of a Turkey, or the bill of some bird. For his knife he 
hath the splinter of a Reed to cut his feathers in forme. 
With this knife also, he will ioynt a Deere, or any beast, 
shape his shooes, buskins, mantels, &c. To make the 
noch of his arrow he hath the tooth of a Beaver, set ina 
sticke, wherewith he grateth it by degrees. His arrow 
head he quickly maketh with a little bone, which he ever 
weareth at his bracert, of any splint of a stone, or glasse 
in the forme of a heart, and these they glew to the end of 
their arrowes. With the sinewes of Deere, and the tops 
of Deeres hornes boyled to a ielly, they make a glew that 
will not dissolue in cold water. 
Their For their warres also they vse Targets that are round 
gargs "4 and made of the barkes of trees, and a sword of wood at 
[p. 69.1 their backes, but oftentimes they vse for swords the horne 
of a Deere put through a peece of wood in forme of a 
Pickaxe. Some a long stone sharpned at both ends, vsed 
in the same manner. This they were wont to vse also 
for hatchets, but now by trucking they haue plentie of 
the same forme of yron. And those are their chiefe 
instruments and armes. 


Their Boats. Their fishing is much in Boats. These they make 
of one tree by burning and scratching away the coales 
with stones and shels, till they haue made it in forme 
of a [82] Trough. Some of them are an elne deepe, and 
fortie or fiftie foote in length, and some will beare 40 
men, but the most ordinary are smaller, and will beare 10, 
20, or 30. according to their bignesse. Instead of Oares, 
they vse Paddles and stickes, with which they will row 
faster then our Barges. 

How they Betwixt their hands and thighes, their women vse to 

ii spin the barkes of trees, Deere sinewes, or a kind of grasse 


* 


bom, | Lie. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zz Virginia. 


365 


they call Pemmenaw, of these they make a thread very even [1607-9] 


and readily. This thread serveth for many vses. As about 
their housing, apparell, as also they make nets for fishing, 
for the quantitie as formally braded as ours. They make 
also with it lines for angles. 

Their hookes are either a bone grated as they noch their 
arrowes in the forme of a crooked pinne or fish-hooke, or 
of the splinter of a bone tyed to the clift of a little sticke, 
and with the end of the line, they tie on the bate. 

They vse also long arrowes tyed in a line, wherewith they 
shoote at fish in the rivers. But they of Accawmack vse 
staues like vnto Iauelins headed with bone. With these 
they dart fish swimming in the water. They haue also 
many artificiall w[eJires,in which they get abundance of fish. 

In their hunting and fishing they take extreame paines ; 
yet it being their ordinary exercise from their infancy, 
they esteeme it a pleasure and are very proud to be expert 
therein. And by their continuall ranging, and travell, they 
know all the advantages and places most frequented with 
Deere, Beasts, Fish, Foule, Roots, and Berries. At their 
huntings they leaue their habitations, and reduce them- 
selues into companies, as the Tartars doe, and goe to the 
most desert places with their families, where they spend 
their time in hunting and fowling vp towards the moun- 
taines, by the heads of their rivers, where there is plentie of 
game. For betwixt the rivers the grounds are so narrowe, 
- that little commeth here which they devoure not. Itisa 
marvell they can so directly passe these deserts, some 3 or 
4 dayes iourney without habitation. Their hunting houses 
are like vnto Arbours covered with Mats. These their 
women beare after them, with Corne, Acornes, Morters, 
and all bag and baggage they vse. When they come to 
the place of exercise, every man doth his best to shew his 
dexteritie, for by their excelling in those qualities, they get 
their wiues. Fortie yards will they shoot levell, or very 
neare the marke, and 120 is their best at Random. At 
their huntings in the deserts they are commonly two or 
three hundred together. Having found the Deere, they 
environ them with many fires, and betwixt the fires they 
place themselues. And some take their stands in the 
midsts. The Deere being thus feared by the fires, and 


Their 
fish-hookes. 


How they 
hunt. 


(4. 70.) 


366 
(1607-9] 


One Salvage 
hunting 
alone. 


[p. 72.) 
Their Con- 


sultations. 


Their 
enemies, 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lis. 2. [3,208 


their voyces, they chase them so long within that circle, 
that many times they kill 6, 8, 10, or 15 at a hunting. 
They vse also to driue them into some narrow poynt of 
land, when they find that advantage; and so force them 
into the river, where with their boats they haue Ambus- 
cadoes to kill them. When they haue shot a Deere by 
land, they follow him like bloud-hounds by the bloud and 
straine, and oftentimes so take them. Hares, Partridges, 
Turkies, or Egges, fat or leane, young or old, they devoure 
all they can catch in their power. 

In one of these huntings they found me in the discovery 
of the head of the river of Chickahamania, where they slew 
my men, and tooke me prisoner in a Bogmire; where I saw 
those exercises, and gathered these Observations. 

One Salvage hunting alone, vseth the skinne of a Deere 
slit on the one side, and so put on his arme, through the 
neck, so that his hand comes to the head which is stuffed, 
and the hornes, head, eyes, eares, and every part as arti- 
ficially counterfeited as they can devise. Thus shrowding 
his body in the skinne by stalking, he approacheth the 
Deere, creeping on the ground from one tree to another. 
If the Deere chance to find fault, or stand at gaze, he 
turneth the head with his hand to his best advantage to 
seeme like a Deere, also gazing and licking himselfe. So 
watching his best advantage to approach, having shot him, 
he chaseth him by his bloud and straine till he get him. 

When they intend any warres, the Werowances vsually 
haue the advice of their Priests and Coniurers, and their 
allies, and ancient friends; but chiefely the Priests determine 
their resolution. Every Werowance, or some lustie fellow, 
they appoint [83] Captaine over every nation. Theyseldome 
make warre for lands or goods, but for women and children, 
and principally for revenge. They haue many enemies, 
namely, all their westernly Countries beyond the moun- 
taines, and the heads of the rivers. Vpon the head of the 
Powhatans are the Monacans, whose chiefe habitation is at 
Rasauweak ; vnto whom the Mowhemenchughes, the Massin- 
nacacks, the Monahassanughs, the Monasickapanoughs, and 
other nations pay tributes. 

Vpon the head of the river of Toppahanock is a people 
called Mannahoacks. Tothesearecontributersthe Tauxanias, 


ieree | LIB. 2. Captaine lohn Smith zx Virginia. 367 


the Shackaconias, the Ontponeas, the Tegninateos, the Whon- [1607-9] 
kenteaes, the Stegarakes, the Hassinnungaes, and divers others, 

all confederates with the Monacans, though many different 

in language, and be very barbarous, liuing for the most 

part of wild beasts and fruits. 

Beyond the mountaines from whence is the head of the 
river Patawomeke, the Salvages report inhabit their most 
mortall enemies, the Massawomekes, vpon a great salt water, 
which by all likelihood is either some part of Cannada, some 
great lake, or some inlet of some sea that falleth into the 
South sea. These Massawomekes area great nation and very Massawo. 
populous. For the heads of all those rivers, especially fetes: 
the Pattawomekes, the Pautuxuntes, the Sasquesahanocks, the 
Tockwoughes are continually tormented by them: of whose 
crueltie, they generally complained, and very importunate 
they were with me and my company to free them from 
these tormentors. To this purpose they offered food, con- Their. 
duct, assistance, and continuall subiection. subiection 

Which I concluded to effect. But the councell then 
present emulating my successe, would not thinke it fit to 
spare me fortie men to be hazzarded in those vnknowne 
regions, having passed (as before was spoken of) but with 
12, and so was lost that opportunitie. 

Seaven boats full of these Massawomekes wee encountred l&. 72) 
at the head of the Bay; whose Targets, Baskets, Swords, 
Tobaccopipes, Platters, Bowes, and Arrowes, and every 
thing shewed, they much exceeded them of our parts; and 
their dexteritie in their small boats, made of the barkes of 
trees sowed with barke and well luted with gumme, 
argueth that they are seated vpon some great water. 

Against all these enemies the Powhatans are constrained 
sometimes to fight. Their chiefe attempts are by Strata- 
gems, trecheries, or surprisals. Yet the Werowances, 
women and children they put not to death, but keepe 
them Captiues. They haue a method in warre, and for 
our pleasures they shewed it vs, and it was in this manner 
performed at Mattapanient. 

Having painted and disguised themselues in the fiercest Their’ 
manner they could devise. They divided themselues into Battell. 
two Companies, neare a hundred ina company. The one 
company called Monacans, the other Powhatans. Hither 


368 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lin. 2. [dros 


1612-1624. 


[1607-9] army had their Captaine. These as enemies tooke their 


[A- 73+] 


Their 
Musicke, 


stands a musket shot one from another; ranked them- 
selues 15 a breast, and each ranke from another 4 or 5 
yards, not in fyle, but in the opening betwixt their fyles. 
So the Reare could shoot as conveniently as the Front. 

Having thus pitched the fields: from either part went a 
messenger with these conditions, that whosoever were 
vanquished, such as escape vpon their submission in two 
dayes after should liue, but their wiues and children should 
be prize for the Conquerours. 

The messengers were no sooner returned, but they 
approached in their orders; On each flanke a Serieant, 
and in the Reare an Officer for Lieutenant, all duly keeping 
their orders, yet leaping and singing after their accustomed 
tune, which they onely vsein Warres. Vpon the first flight 
of arrowes they gaue such horrible shouts and screeches, 
as so many infernall hell hounds could not haue made them 
more terrible. 

When they had spent their arrowes, they ioyned together 
prettily, charging and retyring, every ranke seconding other. 
As they got advantage they catched their enemies by the 
hayre of the head, and downe he came that was taken. 
His enemy with his wooden sword seemed to beat out his 
braines, and still they crept to the Reare, to maintaine the 
skirmish. 

The Monacans decreasing, the Powhatans charged them 
in the forme of a halfe Moone; they vnwilling to be inclosed, 
fled all in a troope to their Ambuscadoes, on whom they led 
them very cunningly. The Monacans disperse themselues 
among the fresh men, wherevpon the [84] Powhatans retired, 
with all speed to their seconds ; which the Monacaums seeing, 
tooke that advantage to retire againe to their owne battell, 
and so each returned to their owne quarter. 

All their actions, voyces, and gestures, both in charging 
and retiring were so strained to the height of their qualitie 
and nature, that the strangenesse thereof made it seeme 
very delightfull. 

For their Musicke they vse a thicke Cane, on which they 
pipe as on a Recorder. For their warres they haue a 
great deepe platter of wood. They cover the mouth 
thereof with a skin, at each corner they tie a walnut, 


tieser| LIB. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zz Virginia. 


which meeting on the backside neere the bottome, with a 
small rope they twitch them together till it be so tought 
and stiffe, that they may beat vpon it as vpon a drumme. 
But their chiefe instruments are Rattles made of small 
gourds, or Pumpeons shels. Of these they haue Base, 
Tenor, Countertenor, Meane, and Treble. These mingled 
with their voyces sometimes twenty or thirtie together, 
make such a terrible noise as would rather affright, then 
delight any man. 

If any great commander arriue at the habitation of a 
Werowance, they spread a Mat as the Turkes doe a Carpet 
for him to sit vpon. Vpon another right opposite they sit 
themselues. Then doe all with a tunable voice of shouting 
bid him welcome. After this doe two or more of their 
chiefest men make an Oration, testifying their loue. Which 
they doe with such vehemency, and so great passions, that 
they sweat till they drop, and are so out of breath they can 
scarce speake. So that a man would take them to be 
exceeding angry, or stark mad. Such victuall as they 
haue, they spend freely ; and at night where his lodging is 
appointed, they set a woman fresh painted red with Pocones 
and oyle, to be his bed-fellow. 

Their manner of trading is for copper, beads, and such 
like, for which they giue such commodities as they haue, 
as skins, foule, fish, flesh, and their Country Corne. But 
their victualls are their chiefest riches. 

Every spring they make themselues sicke with drinking 
the iuyce of a roote they call Wighsacan, and water ; 
whereof they powre so great a quantitie, that it purgeth 
them in a very violent manner; so that in three or foure 
dayes after, they scarce recover their former health. 

Sometimes they are troubled with dropsies, swellings, 
aches, and such like diseases; for cure whereof they build 
a Stoue in the forme of a Doue-house with mats, so close 
that a few coales therein covered with a pot, will make the 
patient sweat extreamely. For swellings also they vse 
small peeces of touchwood, in the forme of cloues, which 
pricking on the griefe they burne close to the flesh, and 
from thence draw the corruption with their mouth. With 
this roote Wighsacan they ordinarily heale greene wounds. 
But to scarrifie a swelling, or make incision, their best 


24 


369 
[1607-9] 


Their enter- 
tainement. 


[p. 74.) 
Their trade. 


Their 
Phisicke. 


Their 
Chirurgery. 


370 The Voyages and Discoveries of Luxx. 2. | dis'reay 


[1607-9] instruments are some splinted stone. Old vicers, or 
putrified hurts are seldome seene cured amongst them. — 

Theirchams They haue many professed Phisicians, who with their 

tocure = charmes and Rattles, with an infernall rout of words and 
actions, will seeme to sucke their inward griefe from their 
navels, or their grieued places; but of our Chirurgians 
they were so conceited, that they beleeued any Plaister 
would heale any hurt. 


But ’tis not alwayes in Phisicians skill, 

To heale the Patient that is sicke and tll: 
For sometimes sicknesse on the Patients part, 
Proues stronger farre then all Phistcians art. 


Of their Religion. 


mM: Here is yet in Virginia no place discovered to be 
Wo" so Savage, in which they haue not a Religion, 
Deere, and Bow and Arrowes. All things that 
are able to doe them hurt beyond their preven- 
tion, they adore with their kinde of divine worship ; 
as the fire, water, lightning, thunder, our Ordnance, 
peeces, horses, &c. 
(4 75.) But their chiefe God they worship is the Devill.. Him 
Their God. they call Okee, [85] and serue him more of feare then loue. 
They say they haue conference with him, and fashion 
themselues as neare to his shape as they can imagine. In 
their Temples they haue his image euill favouredly carved, 
and then painted and adorned with chaines of copper, and 
beads, and covered with a skin, in such manner as the 
deformitie may well suit with such a God. 
son skey By him is commonly the sepulcher of their Kings. Their 
Kings. bodies are first bowelled, then dried vpon hurdles till they 
be very dry, and so about the most of their ioynts and necke 
they hang bracelets, or chaines of copper, pearle, and such 
like, as they vse to weare; their inwards they stuffe with 
copper beads, hatchets, and such trash. Then lappe they 


were, | LIB. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zw Virginia. 


them very carefully in white skins, and so rowle them in 
mats for their winding sheets. And in the Tombe which 
is an arch made of mats, they lay them orderly. What 
remaineth of this kinde of wealth their Kings haue, they 
set at their feet in baskets. These Temples and bodies 
are kept by their Priests. 

For their ordinary burials, they dig a deepe hole in the 
earth with sharpe stakes, and the corpse being lapped in 
skins and mats with their iewels, they lay them vpon 
stickes in the ground, and so cover them with earth. The 
buriall ended, the women being painted all their faces 
with blacke cole and oyle, doe sit twenty-foure houres in 
the houses mourning and lamenting by turnes, with such 
yelling and howling, as may expresse their great passions. 

In every Territory of a Werowance is a Temple and a 
Priest, two or three or more. Their principall Temple or 
place of superstition is at Vitamussack at Pamavnkee, neare 
vnto which is a house, Temple, or place of Powhatans. 

Vpon the top of certaine red sandy hils in the woods, 
there are three great houses filled with images of their 
Kings, and Devils, and Tombes of their Predecessors. 
Those houses are neare sixtie foot in length built arbour- 
wise, after their building. This place they count so holy 
as that [none] but the Priests and Kings dare come into 
them ; nor the Salvages dare not goe vp the river in boats 
by it, but they solemnly cast some peece of copper, white 
beads, or Pocones into the river, for feare their Okee should 
be offended and revenged of them. 


Thus, Feare was the first their Gods begot: 
Till feare began, their Gods were not. 


In this place commonly are resident seauen Priests. 
The chiefe differed from the rest in his ornaments, but 
inferior Priests could hardly be knowne from the common 
people, but that they had not so many holes in their eares 
to hang their iewels at. 

The ornaments of the chiefe Priest were certaine attires 
for his head made thus. They tooke a dosen, or 16, or 
more snakes skins and stuffed them with mosse, and of 
Weesels and other Vermines skins a good many. All these 


371 
[1607-9] 


fey 
ordinary 
burials. 


Their 
Temples. 


(6. 76.] 


Their 
ornaments 
for their 
Priests. 


372 
1607-9] 


The times of 


solemnities. 


Their 
coniurations. 


(4. 77:1 


Their Altars. 


The Voyages and Discoveries of Lure. 2. | b2rée 


they tie by their tailes, so as all their tailes meete in the 
toppe of their head like a great Tassell. Round about 
this Tassell is as it were a crowne of feathers, the skins 
hang round about his head, necke, and shoulders, and in a 
manner cover his face. 

The faces of all their Priests are painted as vgly as they 
can devise, in their hands they had every one his Rattle, 
some base [im tune], some smaller. Their devotion was most 
in songs, which the chiefe Priest beginneth and the rest 
followed him: sometimes he maketh invocations with 
broken sentences by starts and strange passions; and at 
every pause, the rest giue a short groane. 


Thus seeke they in deepe foolishnesse, 
To climbe the height of happinesse. 


It could not be perceiued that they keepe any day as 
more holy then other; But onely in some great distresse 
of want, feare of enemies, times of triumph and gathering 
together their fruits, the whole Country of men, women, 
and children come together to solemnities. The manner 
of their devotion is, sometimes to make a great fire, in the 
house or fields, and all to sing and dance about it with 
Rattles and shouts [86] together, foure or fiue houres. 
Sometimes they set a man in the midst, and about him 
they dance and sing, he all the while clapping his hands, 
as if he would keepe time: and after their songs and 
dauncings ended they goe to their Feasts. 


Through God begetting feare, 
Mans blinded minde did reare 
A hell-god to the ghosts ; 

A heaven-god to the hoasts ; 
Yea God unto the Seas : 
Feare did create all these. 


They haue also divers coniurations, one they made 
when I was their prisoner; of which hereafter you shall 
reade at large [pp. 76, 398]. 

They haue also certaine Altar stones they call Pawcor- 
ances, but these stand from their Temples, some by their 
houses, others in the woods and wildernesses, where they 


J3m-| Lys. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zz Virginia. 


haue had any extraordinary accident, or incounter. And 
as you travell, at those stones they will tell you the cause 
why they were there erected, which from age to age they 
instruct their children, as their best records of antiquities. 
Vpon these they offer bloud, Deere suet, and Tobacco. 
This they doe when they returne from the Warres, from 
hunting, and vpon many other occasions. 

They haue also another superstition that they vse in 
stormes, when the waters are rough in the Rivers and Sea 
coasts. Their Coniurers runne to the water sides, or 
passing in their boats, after many hellish outcryes and 
invocations, they cast Tobacco, Copper, Pocones, or such 
trash into the water, to pacifie that God whom they thinke 
to be very angry in those stormes. 

Before their dinners and suppers the better sort will take 
the first bit, and cast it in the fire, which is all the grace 
they are knowne to vse. 

In some part of the Country they haue yearely a sacri- 
fice of children. Such a one was at Quiyoughcohanock 
some ten myles from James Towne, and thus performed. 

Fifteene of the properest young boyes, betweene ten and 
fifteene yeares of age they painted white. Having brought 
them forth, the people spent the forenoone in dancing and 
singing about them with Rattles. 

In the afternoone they put those children to the roote of 
a tree. By them all the men stood in a guard, every one 
having a Bastinado in his hand, made of reeds bound 
together. This made a lane betweene them all along, 
through which there were appointed fiue young men to 
fetch these children: so every one of the fiue went through 
the guard to fetch a childe each after other by turnes, the 
guard fiercely beating them with their Bastinadoes, and 
they patiently enduring and receiuing all defending the 
children with their naked bodies from the vnmercifull 
blowes, that pay them soundly, though the children 
escape. All this while the women weepe and cry out very 
passionately, prouiding mats, skins, mosse, and dry wood, 
as things fitting their childrens funerals. 

After the children were thus passed the guard, the guard 
tore down the trees, branchesand boughs, with such violence 
that they rent the body, and made wreaths for their heads, 


373 
[1607-9] 


Sacrifices to 
the water. 


Their 
solemn 
Sacrifices of 
children, 
which they 
call Black- 
boyes. 


[2. 78.] 


374 The Voyages and Discoveries of Lin. 2. [J.Smith 
[1607-9] or bedecked their hayre with the leaues. What els was done 
with the children, was not seene, but they were all cast on 
a heape, in a valley as dead, where they made a great feast 
for all the company. 
ae The Werowance being demanded the meaning of this 
aremadeso Sacrifice, answered that the children were not all dead, but 
mad witha that the Okee or Divell did sucke the bloud from their left 
drinke, that breast, who chanced to be his by lot, till they were dead ; 


any mis “* but the rest were kept in the wildernesse by the young men 


cismasd° till nine moneths were expired, during which time they 
gct. must not converse with any: and of these were made their 
Priests and Coniurers. 

This sacrifice they held to be so necessary, that if they 
should omit it, their Okee or Devill, and all their other 
Quiyoughcosughes, which are their other Gods, would let 
them haue no Deere, Turkies, Corne, nor fish: and yet 
besides, he would make a great slaughter amongst them. 

Their They thinke that their Werowances and Priests which 

see ™ they also esteeme Quiyoughcosughes, when they are dead, 
doe goe beyond the mountaines towards the setting of the 
sunne, and ever remaine there in forme of their Okee, with 
their heads painted [87] with oyle and Pocones, finely 
trimmed with feathers, and shall haue beads, hatchets, 
copper, and Tobacco, doing nothing but dance and sing, 
with all their Predecessors. 

4. 795) But the common people they suppose shall not liue after 
death, but rot in their graues like dead dogs. 

To divert them from this blind Idolatry, we did our 
best endevours, chiefly with the Werowance of Quiyoughco- 
hanock, whose devotion, apprehension, and good disposi- 
tion, much exceeded any in those Countries, with whom 
although we could not as yet prevaile, to forsake his false 
Gods, yet this he did beleeue that our God as much 
exceeded theirs, as our Gunnes did their Bowes and 
Arrowes: and many times did send to me to James Towne, 
intreating me to pray to my God for raine, for their Gods 
would not send them any. And in this lamentable ignor- 
ance doe these poore soules sacrifice themselues to the 
Devill, not knowing their Creator; and we had not lan- 
guage sufficient, so plainly to expresse it as make them 
vnderstand it ; which God grant they may. 


Smith] Lrg. 2, Captaine Iohn Smith 2% Virginia. 


For, Religion ’tis that doth distinguish vs, 
From their bruit humor, well we may it know ; 
That can with understanding argue thus, 
Our God ts truth, but they cannot doe so. 


\ Lthough the Country people be very barbarous, 
st haue they amongst them such government, 
as that their Magistrates for good command- 
ing, and their people for due subiection and 
sieving, excell many places that would be counted very 
civill. 

The forme of their Common-wealth is a Monarchicall 
government, one as Emperour ruleth ouer many Kings or 
Governours. Their chiefe ruler is called Powhatan, and 
taketh his name of his principall place of dwelling called 
Powhatan. But his proper name is Wahunsonacock. 

Some Countries he hath which haue beene his ancestors, 
and came vnto him by inheritance, as the Country called 
Powhatan, Arrohateck, Appamatuck, Pamavnkee, Youghtanund, 
and Mattapanient. All the rest of his Terrftories expressed 
in the Mappe, they report haue beene his severall Conquests. 

In all his ancient inheritances, he hath houses built after 
their manner like arbours, some 30. some 40. yards long, 
and at every house provision for his entertainement 
according to the time. At Werowcomoco on the North 
side of the river Pamavnkee, was his residence, when I 
was delivered him prisoner, some 14 myles from lames 
Towne; where for the most part, he was resident, but at 
last he tooke so little pleasure in our neare neighbourhood, 
that he retired himselfe to Ovapakes, in the desert betwixt 
Chickahamama and Youghtanund. 

He is of personage a tall well proportioned man, 
with a sower looke, his head somwhat gray, his beard so 


375 
[1607-9] 


[6. Bo.) 


‘ See 
n of 
Powhatad 


376 
[1607-9] 


His 
attendance 
and watch. 


His treasury. 


His wiues. 


[s. 8r.] 
His 
successors. 


Their | 
authoritie. 


The Voyages and Discoveries of LiBs:2. Wee 
thinne, that it seemeth none at all, his age neare sixtie ; 
of a very able and hardy body to endure any labour. 
About his person ordinarily attendeth a guard of 40 or 50 
of the tallest men his Country doth afford. Every night 
vpon the foure quarters of his house are foure Sentinels, 
each from other a flight shoot, and at every halfe houre 
one from the Corps du guard doth hollow, shaking his lips 
with his finger betweene them; vnto whom every Sen- 
tinell doth answer round from his stand: it any faile, 
they presently send forth an officer that beateth him 
extreamely. 

A myle from Ovapakes in a thicket of wood, he hath a 
house in which he keepeth his kinde of Treasure, as 
skinnes, copper, pearle, and beads, which he storeth vp 
against the time of his death and buriall. Here also is 
his store of red paint for oyntment, bowes and arrowes, 
Targets and clubs. This house is fiftie or sixtie yards in 
length, frequented onely by Priests. At the foure corners 
of this house stand foure [88] Images as Sentinels, one 
of a Dragon, another a Beare, the third like a Leopard, 
and the fourth like a giantlike man: all made evill 
favouredly, according to their best workemanship. 

He hath as many women as he will, whereof when he 
lieth on his bed, one sitteth at his head, and another at 
his feet; but when he sitteth, one sitteth on his right hand 
and another on his left. -As he is weary of his women, he 
bestoweth them on those that best deserue them at his 
hands. 

When he dineth or suppeth, one of his women, before 
and after meat, bringeth him water in a wooden platter to 
wash his hands. Another waiteth with a bunch of feathers 
to wipe them in stead of a Towell, and the feathers when 
he hath wiped are dryed againe. 

His kingdomes descend not to his sonnes nor children, 
but first to his brethren, whereof he hath 3. namely, 
Opitchapan, Opechancanough, and Catataugh, and after their 
decease to his sisters. First to the eldest sister, then to 
the rest, and after them to the heires male or female of 
the eldest sister, but never to the heires of the males. 

He nor any of his people vnderstand any letters, where- 
by to write or reade, onely the lawes whereby he ruleth is 


Jom | Lip. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zx Virginia. 377 


custome. Yet when he listeth his will is a law and must [1607-9' 
be obeyed: not onely as a King, but as halfe a God they 
esteeme him. 

His inferiour Kings, whom they call Werowances, are tyed 
to rule by customes, and haue power of life and death at 
their command in that nature. But this word Werowance, 
which we call and construe for a King, is a common word, 
whereby they call all commanders: for they haue but few 
words in their language, and but few occasions to vse any 
officers more then one commander, which commonly they 
call Werowance, or Caucorouse, which is Captaine. 

They all know their severall lands, and habitations, and 1¢te* 
limits, to fish, foule, or hunt in: but they hold all of their ands. 
great Werowance Powhatan, vnto whom they pay tribute of 
skinnes, beads, copper, pearle, deere, turkies, wild beasts, 
and corne. What he commandeth they dare not disobey 
in the least thing. It is strange to see with what great 
feare and adoration, all these people doe obey this Powhatan. 

For at his feet they present whatsoever he commandeth, 
and at the least frowne of his brow, their greatest spirits 
will tremble with feare: and no marvell, for he is very 
terrible and tyrannous in punishing such as offend him. | 

For example, he caused certaine malefactors to be bound fsmauner 
hand and foot, then having of many fires gathered great ments. 
store of burning coales, they rake these coales round in the 
forme of a cock-pit, and in the midst theycast the offenders 
to broyle to death. Sometimes he causeth the heads of 
them that offend him, to be laid vpon the altar or sacrificing 
stone, and one with clubbes beats out their braines. When 
he would punish any notorious enemy or malefactor, he 
causeth him to be tyed to a tree, and with Mussell shels 
or reeds, the executioner cutteth off his ioynts one after & &&) 
another, ever casting what they cut of into the fire; then 
doth he proceed with shels and reeds to case the skinne 
from his head and face; then doe they rip his belly and 
so burne him with the tree and all. Thus themselues 
reported they executed George Cassen. [4.82,98,395.] 

Their ordinary correction is to beate them with cudgels. 

We haue seene a man kneeling on his knees, and at 
Powhatans command, two men haue beate him on the bare 
skin, till he hath fallen senselesse in a sound, and yet never 


378 


mee a. 
The Voyages and Discoveries of Lip. 2. | 45° 


[1607-9] cry nor complained. And he made a woman for playing 


. 83.) 


the whore, sit vpon a great stone, on her bare breech 
twenty-foure houres, onely with corne and water, every 
three dayes, till nine dayes were past; yet he loued her 
exceedingly : notwithstanding there are common whores 
by profession. ¢ 

In the yeare 1608, he surprised the people of Payanka- 
tank his neare neighbours and subiects. The occasion 
was to vs vnknowne, but the manner was thus. First he 
sent divers of his men as to lodge amongst them that 
night, then the Ambuscadoes environed all their houses, 
and at the houre appointed, they all fell to the spoyle: 
twenty-foure men they slew ; the long haire of the one side 
of their heads, with the skinne cased off with shels or 
reeds, they brought away. They surprised also the 
women, and the children, and the Werowance. All these 
they presented to Powhatan. The Werowance, women and 
children became his prisoners, and doe him service. [89] 

The lockes of haire with their skinnes he hanged on a 
line betwixt two trees. And thus he made ostentation of 
his triumph at Werowocomoco, where he intended to haue 
done as much to mee and my company [see pp. 82, 133]. 


And this is as much as my memory can call to minde 
worthy of note; which I haue purposely collected, to 
satisfie my friends of the true worth and qualitie of 
Virginia. Yet somebad natures will not sticketoslander the 
Countrey, that will slovenly spit at all things, especially in 
company where they can finde none to contradict them. 
Who though they were scarce euer ten myles from James 
Towne, or at the most but at the falles; yet holding it a 
great disgrace that amongst so much action, their actions 
were nothing, exclaime of all things, though they never 
adventured to know any thing; nor euer did any thing but 
devoure the fruits of other mens labours. Being for most 
part of such tender educations, and small experience in 
Martiall accidents, because they found not English Cities, 
nor such faire houses, nor at their owne wishes any of 
their accustomed dainties, with feather beds and downe 
pillowes, Tavernes and Alehouses in every breathing 


Jon] Lip. 2. Captaine Iohn Smith zx Virginia. 


379 


place, neither such plentie of gold and silver and dissolute [1607-9] 


libertie, as they expected, had little or no care of any 
thing, but to pamper their bellies, to fly away with our 
Pinnaces, or procure their meanes to returne for England. 
For the Country was to them a misery, a ruine, a death, 
a hell; and their reports here, and their actions there 
according. 

Some other there were that had yearely stipends to 
passe to and againe for transportation: who to keepe the 
mysterie of the businesse in themselues, though they had 
neither time nor meanes to know much of themselues; 
yet all mens actions or relations they so formally tuned to 
the temporizing times simplicitie, as they could make 
their ignorances seeme much more, then all the true 
actors could by their experience. And those with their 
great words deiuded the world with such strange promises, 
as abused the businesse much worse then the rest. For 
the businesse being builded vpon the foundation of their 
fained experience, the planters, the money and meanes 
haue still miscarried: yet they ever returning, and the 
planters so farre absent, who could contradict their ex- 
cuses? which, still to maintaine their vaine glory and 
estimation, from time to time haue vsed such diligence as 
made them passe for truths, though nothing more false. 
And that the adventurers might be thus abused, let no 
man wonder; for the wisest liuing is soonest abused by 
him that hath a faire tongue and a dissembling heart. 

There were many in Virginia meerely proiecting, verball, 
and idle contemplators, and those so devoted to pure idle- 
nesse, that theugh they had liued two or three yeares in 
Virginia, lordly, necessitie it selfe could not compell them 
to passe the Peninsula, or Pallisadoes of Iames Towne; and 
those witty spirits, what would they not affirme in the 
behalfe of our transporters, to get victuall from their ships, 
or obtaine their good words in England, to get their passes. 


Thus from the clamors, and the ignorance of false in- 
formers, are sprung those disasters that sprung in Virginia: 
and our ingenious verbalists were no lesse plague to vs in 
Virginia, then the Locusts to the Egyptians. For the 
labour of twentie or thirtie of the best onely preserved in 


5. 84.) 


380 


The Voyages and Discoveries Gc. Lis. 2. [J,Smih 


[1607-9] Christianitie by their industry, the idle livers of neare two 


hundred of the rest: who liuing neere ten moneths [Oct. 
1608—10 Fuly 1609] of such naturall meanes, as the Country 
naturally of it selfe afforded. 

Notwithstanding all this, and the worst fury of the 
Salvages, the extremitie of sicknesse, mutinies, faction, 
ignorances, and want of victuall; in all that time I lost 
but seaven or eight men, yet subiected the salvages to our 
desired obedience, and receiued contribution from thirtie 


fiue of their Kings, to protect and assist them against any 


that should assault them, in which order they continued 
true and faithfull, and as subiects to his Maiestie, so long 
after as I did governe there, vntill I left the Countrey. 

Since, how they haue revolted, the Countrie lost, and 
againe replanted, and the businesses hath succeeded from 
time to time, I referre you to the relations of them returned 
from Virginia, that haue beene more diligent in such 
Observations. 


Iohn Smith wrzt this with his owne hand. [40] 


UES WAKES 
DI RERREEES 


| 


. 4 


head 


J. Smith. 
1612-1624 


eee Vocabulary of Indian Words, &c.| 


Because many doe desire to know the 
manner of their Language, I haue 
inserted these few words. 


x A katorawincs 
yowo. What call 

mt you this. 

Nemarough, a 
man. 

Crenepo, a woman. 

Marowanchesso, a boy. 

Yehawkans, Houses. 

Matchcores, Skins, or gar- 
ments. 

Mockasins, Shooes. 

Tussan, Beds. 

Pokatawer, Fire. 

Atiawp, A bow. 

Attonce, Arrowes. 

Monacookes, Swords. 

Aumouhhowgh, A Target. 

Pawcussacks, Gunnes. 

Tomahacks, Axes. 

Tockahacks, Pickaxes. 

Pamesacks, Kniues, 

Accowprets, Sheares. 

Pawpecones, Pipes. 

Mattassin, Copper. 

Vssawassin, Iron, Brasse, 
Silver, or any white met- 
tall. Musses, Woods. 

Attasskuss, Leaues, weeds, 
or grasse. 

Chepsin, Land. 

Shacquohocan. A stone. 

Wepenter, A cookold. 

Suckahanna, Water. 

Noughmass, Fish. 

Copotone, Sturgeon. 


Weghshaughes, Flesh. 

Sawwehone, Bloud. 

Netoppew, Friends. 

Marrapough, Enemies. 

Maskapow, the worst of the 
enemies. 

Mawchick chammay, The best 
of friends. 

Casacunnakack, peya quagh 
acquintan vttasantasough, 
In how many daies will 
there come hither any 
more English Ships. 


Their Numbers. 


Necut, 1. Ningh, 2. Nuss, 3. 
Yowgh, 4. Payranske, 5. 
Comotinch, 6. Toppawoss, 
7. Nusswash, 8. Keka- 
tawgh, 9. Kaskeke, to. 


They count no more but by 
tennes as followeth. 
Case, how many. 
Ninghsapooeksku, 20. 
Nussapooeksku, 30. 
Yowghapooeksku, 40. 
Parankestassapooeksku, 50. 
Comatinchtassapooeksku, 60. 
Nussswashtassapooeksku, 70. 
Kekataughtassapooeksku, 90. 
Necuttoughtysinough, 100. 
Necuttwevnquaough, 1000. 


Rawcosowghs, Dayes. 


381 


[1607-9] 


(20. 44-46.] 


382 


[Vocabulary of Indian Words, &c. 


[1607-9] Keskowghes, Sunnes. 


[ Ad. 44-46.) 


Toppquough, Nights. 
Nepawweshowghs, Moones. 
Pawpaxsoughes, Yeares. 
Pummahumps, Starres. 
Osies, Heavens. 

Okees, Gods. 

Quiyoughcosoughs, Pettie 
“Gods, and their affinities. 

Righcomoughes, Deaths. 

Kekughes, Liues. 

Mowchick woyawgh tawgh 
noeragh kaquere mecher, I 
am very hungry? what 
shall I eate ? 

Tawnor nehegh Powhatan, 
Where dwels Powhatan. 

Mache, nehiegh yourowgh,Ora- 
paks. Now he dwelsagreat 
way hence at Orapaks. 

Vittapitchewayne anpechitchs 
nehawper Werowacomoco, 


Lin. 2. 1612-1624. 


You lie, he staid ever at 

Werowacomoco. 

Kator neliegh mattagh neer 
uttapitchewayne, Truely he 
is there I doe not lie. 

Spaughtynere keragh werow- 
ance mawmarinough kekatem 
wawgh peyaquaugh, Run you 
then to the King Mawma- 
rynough and bid him come 
hither. 

Vitehe, e peya weyack wigh- 
whip, Get you gone, and 
come againe quickly. 

Kekaten Pokahontas patia- 
quagh niugh tanks manotyens 
neer mowchick rawrenock au- 
dowgh, Bid Pokahont-s bring 
hither two little Baskets, 
and I will giue her white 
Beads to make her a 
Chaine. 


FINIS. (41) 


J. Smith. 


ae 


inty Free Library 


3 
“\ 
ti Ol 


SO Phe Bs ; cancleagy they coer 
“ i) say yy Neen Wbes mb wrsy wean te 


